# Dramatic Reading Changed to May 9
## 
### 
The play reading, "Knight of the
Burning Pestle," originally set for
Wednesday night, has been post
poned because of lack of time for
rehearsals. It will be presented
May 9 at 8:15 p.m. in the Little
Theater, according to Norman Phil
brick, of the Speech and Drama De
partment.
Persons who have already bought
tickets for the earlier date should
see Mr. Barker, room 201. Memorial
Auditorium, to have them changed.
Tickets cost 30 cents and may be
obtained from Mr. Barker or by
calling P.A. 22041.
The play reading, "Knight of the
Burning Pestle," originally set for
Wednesday night, has been post
poned because of lack of time for
rehearsals. It will be presented
May 9 at 8:15 p.m. in the Little
Theater, according to Norman Phil
brick, of the Speech and Drama De
partment.
Persons who have already bought
tickets for the earlier date should
see Mr. Barker, room 201. Memorial
Auditorium, to have them changed.
Tickets cost 30 cents and may be
obtained from Mr. Barker or by
calling P.A. 22041.
The play reading, "Knight of the
Burning Pestle," originally set for
Wednesday night, has been post
poned because of lack of time for
rehearsals. It will be presented
May 9 at 8:15 p.m. in the Little
Theater, according to Norman Phil
brick, of the Speech and Drama De
partment.
Persons who have already bought
tickets for the earlier date should
see Mr. Barker, room 201. Memorial
Auditorium, to have them changed.
Tickets cost 30 cents and may be
obtained from Mr. Barker or by
calling P.A. 22041.
The play reading, "Knight of the
Burning Pestle," originally set for
Wednesday night, has been post
poned because of lack of time for
rehearsals. It will be presented
May 9 at 8:15 p.m. in the Little
Theater, according to Norman Phil
brick, of the Speech and Drama De
partment.
Persons who have already bought
tickets for the earlier date should
see Mr. Barker, room 201. Memorial
Auditorium, to have them changed.
Tickets cost 30 cents and may be
obtained from Mr. Barker or by
calling P.A. 22041.
The play reading, "Knight of the
Burning Pestle," originally set for
Wednesday night, has been post
poned because of lack of time for
rehearsals. It will be presented
May 9 at 8:15 p.m. in the Little
Theater, according to Norman Phil
brick, of the Speech and Drama De
partment.
Persons who have already bought
tickets for the earlier date should
see Mr. Barker, room 201. Memorial
Auditorium, to have them changed.
Tickets cost 30 cents and may be
obtained from Mr. Barker or by
calling P.A. 22041.
The play reading, "Knight of the
Burning Pestle," originally set for
Wednesday night, has been post
poned because of lack of time for
rehearsals. It will be presented
May 9 at 8:15 p.m. in the Little
Theater, according to Norman Phil
brick, of the Speech and Drama De
partment.
Persons who have already bought
tickets for the earlier date should
see Mr. Barker, room 201. Memorial
Auditorium, to have them changed.
Tickets cost 30 cents and may be
obtained from Mr. Barker or by
calling P.A. 22041.
The play reading, "Knight of the
Burning Pestle," originally set for
Wednesday night, has been post
poned because of lack of time for
rehearsals. It will be presented
May 9 at 8:15 p.m. in the Little
Theater, according to Norman Phil
brick, of the Speech and Drama De
partment.
Persons who have already bought
tickets for the earlier date should
see Mr. Barker, room 201. Memorial
Auditorium, to have them changed.
Tickets cost 30 cents and may be
obtained from Mr. Barker or by
calling P.A. 22041.
The play reading, "Knight of the
Burning Pestle," originally set for
Wednesday night, has been post
poned because of lack of time for
rehearsals. It will be presented
May 9 at 8:15 p.m. in the Little
Theater, according to Norman Phil
brick, of the Speech and Drama De
partment.
Persons who have already bought
tickets for the earlier date should
see Mr. Barker, room 201. Memorial
Auditorium, to have them changed.
Tickets cost 30 cents and may be
obtained from Mr. Barker or by
calling P.A. 22041.
The play reading, "Knight of the
Burning Pestle," originally set for
Wednesday night, has been post
poned because of lack of time for
rehearsals. It will be presented
May 9 at 8:15 p.m. in the Little
Theater, according to Norman Phil
brick, of the Speech and Drama De
partment.
Persons who have already bought
tickets for the earlier date should
see Mr. Barker, room 201. Memorial
Auditorium, to have them changed.
Tickets cost 30 cents and may be
obtained from Mr. Barker or by
calling P.A. 22041.
The play reading, "Knight of the
Burning Pestle," originally set for
Wednesday night, has been post
poned because of lack of time for
rehearsals. It will be presented
May 9 at 8:15 p.m. in the Little
Theater, according to Norman Phil
brick, of the Speech and Drama De
partment.
Persons who have already bought
tickets for the earlier date should
see Mr. Barker, room 201. Memorial
Auditorium, to have them changed.
Tickets cost 30 cents and may be
obtained from Mr. Barker or by
calling P.A. 22041.
The play reading, "Knight of the
Burning Pestle," originally set for
Wednesday night, has been post
poned because of lack of time for
rehearsals. It will be presented
May 9 at 8:15 p.m. in the Little
Theater, according to Norman Phil
brick, of the Speech and Drama De
partment.
Persons who have already bought
tickets for the earlier date should
see Mr. Barker, room 201. Memorial
Auditorium, to have them changed.
Tickets cost 30 cents and may be
obtained from Mr. Barker or by
calling P.A. 22041.
The play reading, "Knight of the
Burning Pestle," originally set for
Wednesday night, has been post
poned because of lack of time for
rehearsals. It will be presented
May 9 at 8:15 p.m. in the Little
Theater, according to Norman Phil
brick, of the Speech and Drama De
partment.
Persons who have already bought
tickets for the earlier date should
see Mr. Barker, room 201. Memorial
Auditorium, to have them changed.
Tickets cost 30 cents and may be
obtained from Mr. Barker or by
calling P.A. 22041.
The play reading, "Knight of the
Burning Pestle," originally set for
Wednesday night, has been post
poned because of lack of time for
rehearsals. It will be presented
May 9 at 8:15 p.m. in the Little
Theater, according to Norman Phil
brick, of the Speech and Drama De
partment.
Persons who have already bought
tickets for the earlier date should
see Mr. Barker, room 201. Memorial
Auditorium, to have them changed.
Tickets cost 30 cents and may be
obtained from Mr. Barker or by
calling P.A. 22041.
The play reading, "Knight of the
Burning Pestle," originally set for
Wednesday night, has been post
poned because of lack of time for
rehearsals. It will be presented
May 9 at 8:15 p.m. in the Little
Theater, according to Norman Phil
brick, of the Speech and Drama De
partment.
Persons who have already bought
tickets for the earlier date should
see Mr. Barker, room 201. Memorial
Auditorium, to have them changed.
Tickets cost 30 cents and may be
obtained from Mr. Barker or by
calling P.A. 22041.
The play reading, "Knight of the
Burning Pestle," originally set for
Wednesday night, has been post
poned because of lack of time for
rehearsals. It will be presented
May 9 at 8:15 p.m. in the Little
Theater, according to Norman Phil
brick, of the Speech and Drama De
partment.
Persons who have already bought
tickets for the earlier date should
see Mr. Barker, room 201. Memorial
Auditorium, to have them changed.
Tickets cost 30 cents and may be
obtained from Mr. Barker or by
calling P.A. 22041.
