# Council Hears Code Violators
## 
### 
Men's Council, meeting for tho
first time this quarter, yesterday
held hearings for three students
charged with violation of the Honor
Code, Council Chairman Ted Lee
announced.
Two of the students, both accused
of deliberate disregard of the Cod?
in the preparation of class papers,
were reported U> the Council by
the instructors of the classes con
cerned, Lee said. One was sentenced
to a complete social probation for
three quarters, effective from the
date of administration approval,
while sentence for the other was
postponed until next week.
Lee described social probation as
prohibiting the person under sen
tence from representing the Uni
versity in any and all activities and
functions.
The third student, charged with
cheating in one of last quarter's
final examinations, was reported by
two students who claimed they ob
served the violation. The student
declared himself innocent of the ac
cusation. Sentence was postponed
until next week for further hear
ing, Lee stated.
Council Secretary Jim Welch de
clared that of five students appear
ing before the group on traffic
charges, two were fined for park
ing violations.
Men's Council, meeting for tho
first time this quarter, yesterday
held hearings for three students
charged with violation of the Honor
Code, Council Chairman Ted Lee
announced.
Two of the students, both accused
of deliberate disregard of the Cod?
in the preparation of class papers,
were reported U> the Council by
the instructors of the classes con
cerned, Lee said. One was sentenced
to a complete social probation for
three quarters, effective from the
date of administration approval,
while sentence for the other was
postponed until next week.
Lee described social probation as
prohibiting the person under sen
tence from representing the Uni
versity in any and all activities and
functions.
The third student, charged with
cheating in one of last quarter's
final examinations, was reported by
two students who claimed they ob
served the violation. The student
declared himself innocent of the ac
cusation. Sentence was postponed
until next week for further hear
ing, Lee stated.
Council Secretary Jim Welch de
clared that of five students appear
ing before the group on traffic
charges, two were fined for park
ing violations.
Men's Council, meeting for tho
first time this quarter, yesterday
held hearings for three students
charged with violation of the Honor
Code, Council Chairman Ted Lee
announced.
Two of the students, both accused
of deliberate disregard of the Cod?
in the preparation of class papers,
were reported U> the Council by
the instructors of the classes con
cerned, Lee said. One was sentenced
to a complete social probation for
three quarters, effective from the
date of administration approval,
while sentence for the other was
postponed until next week.
Lee described social probation as
prohibiting the person under sen
tence from representing the Uni
versity in any and all activities and
functions.
The third student, charged with
cheating in one of last quarter's
final examinations, was reported by
two students who claimed they ob
served the violation. The student
declared himself innocent of the ac
cusation. Sentence was postponed
until next week for further hear
ing, Lee stated.
Council Secretary Jim Welch de
clared that of five students appear
ing before the group on traffic
charges, two were fined for park
ing violations.
Men's Council, meeting for tho
first time this quarter, yesterday
held hearings for three students
charged with violation of the Honor
Code, Council Chairman Ted Lee
announced.
Two of the students, both accused
of deliberate disregard of the Cod?
in the preparation of class papers,
were reported U> the Council by
the instructors of the classes con
cerned, Lee said. One was sentenced
to a complete social probation for
three quarters, effective from the
date of administration approval,
while sentence for the other was
postponed until next week.
Lee described social probation as
prohibiting the person under sen
tence from representing the Uni
versity in any and all activities and
functions.
The third student, charged with
cheating in one of last quarter's
final examinations, was reported by
two students who claimed they ob
served the violation. The student
declared himself innocent of the ac
cusation. Sentence was postponed
until next week for further hear
ing, Lee stated.
Council Secretary Jim Welch de
clared that of five students appear
ing before the group on traffic
charges, two were fined for park
ing violations.
Men's Council, meeting for tho
first time this quarter, yesterday
held hearings for three students
charged with violation of the Honor
Code, Council Chairman Ted Lee
announced.
Two of the students, both accused
of deliberate disregard of the Cod?
in the preparation of class papers,
were reported U> the Council by
the instructors of the classes con
cerned, Lee said. One was sentenced
to a complete social probation for
three quarters, effective from the
date of administration approval,
while sentence for the other was
postponed until next week.
Lee described social probation as
prohibiting the person under sen
tence from representing the Uni
versity in any and all activities and
functions.
The third student, charged with
cheating in one of last quarter's
final examinations, was reported by
two students who claimed they ob
served the violation. The student
declared himself innocent of the ac
cusation. Sentence was postponed
until next week for further hear
ing, Lee stated.
Council Secretary Jim Welch de
clared that of five students appear
ing before the group on traffic
charges, two were fined for park
ing violations.
Men's Council, meeting for tho
first time this quarter, yesterday
held hearings for three students
charged with violation of the Honor
Code, Council Chairman Ted Lee
announced.
Two of the students, both accused
of deliberate disregard of the Cod?
in the preparation of class papers,
were reported U> the Council by
the instructors of the classes con
cerned, Lee said. One was sentenced
to a complete social probation for
three quarters, effective from the
date of administration approval,
while sentence for the other was
postponed until next week.
Lee described social probation as
prohibiting the person under sen
tence from representing the Uni
versity in any and all activities and
functions.
The third student, charged with
cheating in one of last quarter's
final examinations, was reported by
two students who claimed they ob
served the violation. The student
declared himself innocent of the ac
cusation. Sentence was postponed
until next week for further hear
ing, Lee stated.
Council Secretary Jim Welch de
clared that of five students appear
ing before the group on traffic
charges, two were fined for park
ing violations.
Men's Council, meeting for tho
first time this quarter, yesterday
held hearings for three students
charged with violation of the Honor
Code, Council Chairman Ted Lee
announced.
Two of the students, both accused
of deliberate disregard of the Cod?
in the preparation of class papers,
were reported U> the Council by
the instructors of the classes con
cerned, Lee said. One was sentenced
to a complete social probation for
three quarters, effective from the
date of administration approval,
while sentence for the other was
postponed until next week.
Lee described social probation as
prohibiting the person under sen
tence from representing the Uni
versity in any and all activities and
functions.
The third student, charged with
cheating in one of last quarter's
final examinations, was reported by
two students who claimed they ob
served the violation. The student
declared himself innocent of the ac
cusation. Sentence was postponed
until next week for further hear
ing, Lee stated.
Council Secretary Jim Welch de
clared that of five students appear
ing before the group on traffic
charges, two were fined for park
ing violations.
Men's Council, meeting for tho
first time this quarter, yesterday
held hearings for three students
charged with violation of the Honor
Code, Council Chairman Ted Lee
announced.
Two of the students, both accused
of deliberate disregard of the Cod?
in the preparation of class papers,
were reported U> the Council by
the instructors of the classes con
cerned, Lee said. One was sentenced
to a complete social probation for
three quarters, effective from the
date of administration approval,
while sentence for the other was
postponed until next week.
Lee described social probation as
prohibiting the person under sen
tence from representing the Uni
versity in any and all activities and
functions.
The third student, charged with
cheating in one of last quarter's
final examinations, was reported by
two students who claimed they ob
served the violation. The student
declared himself innocent of the ac
cusation. Sentence was postponed
until next week for further hear
ing, Lee stated.
Council Secretary Jim Welch de
clared that of five students appear
ing before the group on traffic
charges, two were fined for park
ing violations.
Men's Council, meeting for tho
first time this quarter, yesterday
held hearings for three students
charged with violation of the Honor
Code, Council Chairman Ted Lee
announced.
Two of the students, both accused
of deliberate disregard of the Cod?
in the preparation of class papers,
were reported U> the Council by
the instructors of the classes con
cerned, Lee said. One was sentenced
to a complete social probation for
three quarters, effective from the
date of administration approval,
while sentence for the other was
postponed until next week.
Lee described social probation as
prohibiting the person under sen
tence from representing the Uni
versity in any and all activities and
functions.
The third student, charged with
cheating in one of last quarter's
final examinations, was reported by
two students who claimed they ob
served the violation. The student
declared himself innocent of the ac
cusation. Sentence was postponed
until next week for further hear
ing, Lee stated.
Council Secretary Jim Welch de
clared that of five students appear
ing before the group on traffic
charges, two were fined for park
ing violations.
Men's Council, meeting for tho
first time this quarter, yesterday
held hearings for three students
charged with violation of the Honor
Code, Council Chairman Ted Lee
announced.
Two of the students, both accused
of deliberate disregard of the Cod?
in the preparation of class papers,
were reported U> the Council by
the instructors of the classes con
cerned, Lee said. One was sentenced
to a complete social probation for
three quarters, effective from the
date of administration approval,
while sentence for the other was
postponed until next week.
Lee described social probation as
prohibiting the person under sen
tence from representing the Uni
versity in any and all activities and
functions.
The third student, charged with
cheating in one of last quarter's
final examinations, was reported by
two students who claimed they ob
served the violation. The student
declared himself innocent of the ac
cusation. Sentence was postponed
until next week for further hear
ing, Lee stated.
Council Secretary Jim Welch de
clared that of five students appear
ing before the group on traffic
charges, two were fined for park
ing violations.
Men's Council, meeting for tho
first time this quarter, yesterday
held hearings for three students
charged with violation of the Honor
Code, Council Chairman Ted Lee
announced.
Two of the students, both accused
of deliberate disregard of the Cod?
in the preparation of class papers,
were reported U> the Council by
the instructors of the classes con
cerned, Lee said. One was sentenced
to a complete social probation for
three quarters, effective from the
date of administration approval,
while sentence for the other was
postponed until next week.
Lee described social probation as
prohibiting the person under sen
tence from representing the Uni
versity in any and all activities and
functions.
The third student, charged with
cheating in one of last quarter's
final examinations, was reported by
two students who claimed they ob
served the violation. The student
declared himself innocent of the ac
cusation. Sentence was postponed
until next week for further hear
ing, Lee stated.
Council Secretary Jim Welch de
clared that of five students appear
ing before the group on traffic
charges, two were fined for park
ing violations.
Men's Council, meeting for tho
first time this quarter, yesterday
held hearings for three students
charged with violation of the Honor
Code, Council Chairman Ted Lee
announced.
Two of the students, both accused
of deliberate disregard of the Cod?
in the preparation of class papers,
were reported U> the Council by
the instructors of the classes con
cerned, Lee said. One was sentenced
to a complete social probation for
three quarters, effective from the
date of administration approval,
while sentence for the other was
postponed until next week.
Lee described social probation as
prohibiting the person under sen
tence from representing the Uni
versity in any and all activities and
functions.
The third student, charged with
cheating in one of last quarter's
final examinations, was reported by
two students who claimed they ob
served the violation. The student
declared himself innocent of the ac
cusation. Sentence was postponed
until next week for further hear
ing, Lee stated.
Council Secretary Jim Welch de
clared that of five students appear
ing before the group on traffic
charges, two were fined for park
ing violations.
Men's Council, meeting for tho
first time this quarter, yesterday
held hearings for three students
charged with violation of the Honor
Code, Council Chairman Ted Lee
announced.
Two of the students, both accused
of deliberate disregard of the Cod?
in the preparation of class papers,
were reported U> the Council by
the instructors of the classes con
cerned, Lee said. One was sentenced
to a complete social probation for
three quarters, effective from the
date of administration approval,
while sentence for the other was
postponed until next week.
Lee described social probation as
prohibiting the person under sen
tence from representing the Uni
versity in any and all activities and
functions.
The third student, charged with
cheating in one of last quarter's
final examinations, was reported by
two students who claimed they ob
served the violation. The student
declared himself innocent of the ac
cusation. Sentence was postponed
until next week for further hear
ing, Lee stated.
Council Secretary Jim Welch de
clared that of five students appear
ing before the group on traffic
charges, two were fined for park
ing violations.
Men's Council, meeting for tho
first time this quarter, yesterday
held hearings for three students
charged with violation of the Honor
Code, Council Chairman Ted Lee
announced.
Two of the students, both accused
of deliberate disregard of the Cod?
in the preparation of class papers,
were reported U> the Council by
the instructors of the classes con
cerned, Lee said. One was sentenced
to a complete social probation for
three quarters, effective from the
date of administration approval,
while sentence for the other was
postponed until next week.
Lee described social probation as
prohibiting the person under sen
tence from representing the Uni
versity in any and all activities and
functions.
The third student, charged with
cheating in one of last quarter's
final examinations, was reported by
two students who claimed they ob
served the violation. The student
declared himself innocent of the ac
cusation. Sentence was postponed
until next week for further hear
ing, Lee stated.
Council Secretary Jim Welch de
clared that of five students appear
ing before the group on traffic
charges, two were fined for park
ing violations.
Men's Council, meeting for tho
first time this quarter, yesterday
held hearings for three students
charged with violation of the Honor
Code, Council Chairman Ted Lee
announced.
Two of the students, both accused
of deliberate disregard of the Cod?
in the preparation of class papers,
were reported U> the Council by
the instructors of the classes con
cerned, Lee said. One was sentenced
to a complete social probation for
three quarters, effective from the
date of administration approval,
while sentence for the other was
postponed until next week.
Lee described social probation as
prohibiting the person under sen
tence from representing the Uni
versity in any and all activities and
functions.
The third student, charged with
cheating in one of last quarter's
final examinations, was reported by
two students who claimed they ob
served the violation. The student
declared himself innocent of the ac
cusation. Sentence was postponed
until next week for further hear
ing, Lee stated.
Council Secretary Jim Welch de
clared that of five students appear
ing before the group on traffic
charges, two were fined for park
ing violations.
