# NO POETRY READINGS
## 
### 
The English Department has an
nounced that no poetry readings
will be held this quarter. Headings
are held only during fall and win
ter quarters.
The English Department has an
nounced that no poetry readings
will be held this quarter. Headings
are held only during fall and win
ter quarters.
The English Department has an
nounced that no poetry readings
will be held this quarter. Headings
are held only during fall and win
ter quarters.
The English Department has an
nounced that no poetry readings
will be held this quarter. Headings
are held only during fall and win
ter quarters.
The English Department has an
nounced that no poetry readings
will be held this quarter. Headings
are held only during fall and win
ter quarters.
The English Department has an
nounced that no poetry readings
will be held this quarter. Headings
are held only during fall and win
ter quarters.
The English Department has an
nounced that no poetry readings
will be held this quarter. Headings
are held only during fall and win
ter quarters.
The English Department has an
nounced that no poetry readings
will be held this quarter. Headings
are held only during fall and win
ter quarters.
The English Department has an
nounced that no poetry readings
will be held this quarter. Headings
are held only during fall and win
ter quarters.
The English Department has an
nounced that no poetry readings
will be held this quarter. Headings
are held only during fall and win
ter quarters.
The English Department has an
nounced that no poetry readings
will be held this quarter. Headings
are held only during fall and win
ter quarters.
The English Department has an
nounced that no poetry readings
will be held this quarter. Headings
are held only during fall and win
ter quarters.
The English Department has an
nounced that no poetry readings
will be held this quarter. Headings
are held only during fall and win
ter quarters.
The English Department has an
nounced that no poetry readings
will be held this quarter. Headings
are held only during fall and win
ter quarters.
The English Department has an
nounced that no poetry readings
will be held this quarter. Headings
are held only during fall and win
ter quarters.
