# Activities Cards Given to Houses
## 
### 
A.S.S.U. Activities Cards wen
distributed Monday night .it liviiv
group house ineetinus. It is now
hoped that all interested in filing
activity cards have now clone so,
stated Cain Sanders, co-chairman of
the Central Activity Committee.
Activity files will be in order by
the beginning of next week, when
organizations will be informed ol
those interested in their organiza
tion, and students will be informed
of the organizations in which they
should be interested.
Activity committee has now pro
cured an office in the A.S.S.U.
Building.
A.S.S.U. Activities Cards wen
distributed Monday night .it liviiv
group house ineetinus. It is now
hoped that all interested in filing
activity cards have now clone so,
stated Cain Sanders, co-chairman of
the Central Activity Committee.
Activity files will be in order by
the beginning of next week, when
organizations will be informed ol
those interested in their organiza
tion, and students will be informed
of the organizations in which they
should be interested.
Activity committee has now pro
cured an office in the A.S.S.U.
Building.
A.S.S.U. Activities Cards wen
distributed Monday night .it liviiv
group house ineetinus. It is now
hoped that all interested in filing
activity cards have now clone so,
stated Cain Sanders, co-chairman of
the Central Activity Committee.
Activity files will be in order by
the beginning of next week, when
organizations will be informed ol
those interested in their organiza
tion, and students will be informed
of the organizations in which they
should be interested.
Activity committee has now pro
cured an office in the A.S.S.U.
Building.
A.S.S.U. Activities Cards wen
distributed Monday night .it liviiv
group house ineetinus. It is now
hoped that all interested in filing
activity cards have now clone so,
stated Cain Sanders, co-chairman of
the Central Activity Committee.
Activity files will be in order by
the beginning of next week, when
organizations will be informed ol
those interested in their organiza
tion, and students will be informed
of the organizations in which they
should be interested.
Activity committee has now pro
cured an office in the A.S.S.U.
Building.
A.S.S.U. Activities Cards wen
distributed Monday night .it liviiv
group house ineetinus. It is now
hoped that all interested in filing
activity cards have now clone so,
stated Cain Sanders, co-chairman of
the Central Activity Committee.
Activity files will be in order by
the beginning of next week, when
organizations will be informed ol
those interested in their organiza
tion, and students will be informed
of the organizations in which they
should be interested.
Activity committee has now pro
cured an office in the A.S.S.U.
Building.
A.S.S.U. Activities Cards wen
distributed Monday night .it liviiv
group house ineetinus. It is now
hoped that all interested in filing
activity cards have now clone so,
stated Cain Sanders, co-chairman of
the Central Activity Committee.
Activity files will be in order by
the beginning of next week, when
organizations will be informed ol
those interested in their organiza
tion, and students will be informed
of the organizations in which they
should be interested.
Activity committee has now pro
cured an office in the A.S.S.U.
Building.
A.S.S.U. Activities Cards wen
distributed Monday night .it liviiv
group house ineetinus. It is now
hoped that all interested in filing
activity cards have now clone so,
stated Cain Sanders, co-chairman of
the Central Activity Committee.
Activity files will be in order by
the beginning of next week, when
organizations will be informed ol
those interested in their organiza
tion, and students will be informed
of the organizations in which they
should be interested.
Activity committee has now pro
cured an office in the A.S.S.U.
Building.
A.S.S.U. Activities Cards wen
distributed Monday night .it liviiv
group house ineetinus. It is now
hoped that all interested in filing
activity cards have now clone so,
stated Cain Sanders, co-chairman of
the Central Activity Committee.
Activity files will be in order by
the beginning of next week, when
organizations will be informed ol
those interested in their organiza
tion, and students will be informed
of the organizations in which they
should be interested.
Activity committee has now pro
cured an office in the A.S.S.U.
Building.
A.S.S.U. Activities Cards wen
distributed Monday night .it liviiv
group house ineetinus. It is now
hoped that all interested in filing
activity cards have now clone so,
stated Cain Sanders, co-chairman of
the Central Activity Committee.
Activity files will be in order by
the beginning of next week, when
organizations will be informed ol
those interested in their organiza
tion, and students will be informed
of the organizations in which they
should be interested.
Activity committee has now pro
cured an office in the A.S.S.U.
Building.
A.S.S.U. Activities Cards wen
distributed Monday night .it liviiv
group house ineetinus. It is now
hoped that all interested in filing
activity cards have now clone so,
stated Cain Sanders, co-chairman of
the Central Activity Committee.
Activity files will be in order by
the beginning of next week, when
organizations will be informed ol
those interested in their organiza
tion, and students will be informed
of the organizations in which they
should be interested.
Activity committee has now pro
cured an office in the A.S.S.U.
Building.
A.S.S.U. Activities Cards wen
distributed Monday night .it liviiv
group house ineetinus. It is now
hoped that all interested in filing
activity cards have now clone so,
stated Cain Sanders, co-chairman of
the Central Activity Committee.
Activity files will be in order by
the beginning of next week, when
organizations will be informed ol
those interested in their organiza
tion, and students will be informed
of the organizations in which they
should be interested.
Activity committee has now pro
cured an office in the A.S.S.U.
Building.
A.S.S.U. Activities Cards wen
distributed Monday night .it liviiv
group house ineetinus. It is now
hoped that all interested in filing
activity cards have now clone so,
stated Cain Sanders, co-chairman of
the Central Activity Committee.
Activity files will be in order by
the beginning of next week, when
organizations will be informed ol
those interested in their organiza
tion, and students will be informed
of the organizations in which they
should be interested.
Activity committee has now pro
cured an office in the A.S.S.U.
Building.
A.S.S.U. Activities Cards wen
distributed Monday night .it liviiv
group house ineetinus. It is now
hoped that all interested in filing
activity cards have now clone so,
stated Cain Sanders, co-chairman of
the Central Activity Committee.
Activity files will be in order by
the beginning of next week, when
organizations will be informed ol
those interested in their organiza
tion, and students will be informed
of the organizations in which they
should be interested.
Activity committee has now pro
cured an office in the A.S.S.U.
Building.
A.S.S.U. Activities Cards wen
distributed Monday night .it liviiv
group house ineetinus. It is now
hoped that all interested in filing
activity cards have now clone so,
stated Cain Sanders, co-chairman of
the Central Activity Committee.
Activity files will be in order by
the beginning of next week, when
organizations will be informed ol
those interested in their organiza
tion, and students will be informed
of the organizations in which they
should be interested.
Activity committee has now pro
cured an office in the A.S.S.U.
Building.
A.S.S.U. Activities Cards wen
distributed Monday night .it liviiv
group house ineetinus. It is now
hoped that all interested in filing
activity cards have now clone so,
stated Cain Sanders, co-chairman of
the Central Activity Committee.
Activity files will be in order by
the beginning of next week, when
organizations will be informed ol
those interested in their organiza
tion, and students will be informed
of the organizations in which they
should be interested.
Activity committee has now pro
cured an office in the A.S.S.U.
Building.
