# REHEARSAL CANCELLED
## 
### 
Rehearsals for the women's choir
practice to be held tonight have been
called off by Warren D. Allen.
Rehearsals for the women's choir
practice to be held tonight have been
called off by Warren D. Allen.
Rehearsals for the women's choir
practice to be held tonight have been
called off by Warren D. Allen.
Rehearsals for the women's choir
practice to be held tonight have been
called off by Warren D. Allen.
Rehearsals for the women's choir
practice to be held tonight have been
called off by Warren D. Allen.
Rehearsals for the women's choir
practice to be held tonight have been
called off by Warren D. Allen.
Rehearsals for the women's choir
practice to be held tonight have been
called off by Warren D. Allen.
Rehearsals for the women's choir
practice to be held tonight have been
called off by Warren D. Allen.
Rehearsals for the women's choir
practice to be held tonight have been
called off by Warren D. Allen.
Rehearsals for the women's choir
practice to be held tonight have been
called off by Warren D. Allen.
Rehearsals for the women's choir
practice to be held tonight have been
called off by Warren D. Allen.
Rehearsals for the women's choir
practice to be held tonight have been
called off by Warren D. Allen.
Rehearsals for the women's choir
practice to be held tonight have been
called off by Warren D. Allen.
Rehearsals for the women's choir
practice to be held tonight have been
called off by Warren D. Allen.
Rehearsals for the women's choir
practice to be held tonight have been
called off by Warren D. Allen.
