# Even the New Reporters
## 
### 
Bolstered by thirty-one new reporters, the
augmented Staniohd Daily stall" will meet for
its weekly session in the Daily shack at 1:30
o'clock this afternoon. The Edit Board con
fers at 1 o'clock.
Bolstered by thirty-one new reporters, the
augmented Staniohd Daily stall" will meet for
its weekly session in the Daily shack at 1:30
o'clock this afternoon. The Edit Board con
fers at 1 o'clock.
Bolstered by thirty-one new reporters, the
augmented Staniohd Daily stall" will meet for
its weekly session in the Daily shack at 1:30
o'clock this afternoon. The Edit Board con
fers at 1 o'clock.
Bolstered by thirty-one new reporters, the
augmented Staniohd Daily stall" will meet for
its weekly session in the Daily shack at 1:30
o'clock this afternoon. The Edit Board con
fers at 1 o'clock.
Bolstered by thirty-one new reporters, the
augmented Staniohd Daily stall" will meet for
its weekly session in the Daily shack at 1:30
o'clock this afternoon. The Edit Board con
fers at 1 o'clock.
Bolstered by thirty-one new reporters, the
augmented Staniohd Daily stall" will meet for
its weekly session in the Daily shack at 1:30
o'clock this afternoon. The Edit Board con
fers at 1 o'clock.
Bolstered by thirty-one new reporters, the
augmented Staniohd Daily stall" will meet for
its weekly session in the Daily shack at 1:30
o'clock this afternoon. The Edit Board con
fers at 1 o'clock.
Bolstered by thirty-one new reporters, the
augmented Staniohd Daily stall" will meet for
its weekly session in the Daily shack at 1:30
o'clock this afternoon. The Edit Board con
fers at 1 o'clock.
Bolstered by thirty-one new reporters, the
augmented Staniohd Daily stall" will meet for
its weekly session in the Daily shack at 1:30
o'clock this afternoon. The Edit Board con
fers at 1 o'clock.
Bolstered by thirty-one new reporters, the
augmented Staniohd Daily stall" will meet for
its weekly session in the Daily shack at 1:30
o'clock this afternoon. The Edit Board con
fers at 1 o'clock.
Bolstered by thirty-one new reporters, the
augmented Staniohd Daily stall" will meet for
its weekly session in the Daily shack at 1:30
o'clock this afternoon. The Edit Board con
fers at 1 o'clock.
Bolstered by thirty-one new reporters, the
augmented Staniohd Daily stall" will meet for
its weekly session in the Daily shack at 1:30
o'clock this afternoon. The Edit Board con
fers at 1 o'clock.
Bolstered by thirty-one new reporters, the
augmented Staniohd Daily stall" will meet for
its weekly session in the Daily shack at 1:30
o'clock this afternoon. The Edit Board con
fers at 1 o'clock.
Bolstered by thirty-one new reporters, the
augmented Staniohd Daily stall" will meet for
its weekly session in the Daily shack at 1:30
o'clock this afternoon. The Edit Board con
fers at 1 o'clock.
Bolstered by thirty-one new reporters, the
augmented Staniohd Daily stall" will meet for
its weekly session in the Daily shack at 1:30
o'clock this afternoon. The Edit Board con
fers at 1 o'clock.
