# A 						Bruin Bite That Proved Fatal
## 
### 

Here is the touchdown which gave j|, e University of California at Los Angeles a 7-(i victory over Stan
ford last Saturday in the Stanford Stadium. The outstretched legs of Key, Bruiu fullback, who made the
score, can harely be seen between the feet of the two officials. Other Uclan players are Funk (11). Chesh
ire (.1.1). Paulman, Stanford quarter, may be seen behind the official at the left. (Associated Press Photo.)

Here is the touchdown which gave j|, e University of California at Los Angeles a 7-(i victory over Stan
ford last Saturday in the Stanford Stadium. The outstretched legs of Key, Bruiu fullback, who made the
score, can harely be seen between the feet of the two officials. Other Uclan players are Funk (11). Chesh
ire (.1.1). Paulman, Stanford quarter, may be seen behind the official at the left. (Associated Press Photo.)

Here is the touchdown which gave j|, e University of California at Los Angeles a 7-(i victory over Stan
ford last Saturday in the Stanford Stadium. The outstretched legs of Key, Bruiu fullback, who made the
score, can harely be seen between the feet of the two officials. Other Uclan players are Funk (11). Chesh
ire (.1.1). Paulman, Stanford quarter, may be seen behind the official at the left. (Associated Press Photo.)

Here is the touchdown which gave j|, e University of California at Los Angeles a 7-(i victory over Stan
ford last Saturday in the Stanford Stadium. The outstretched legs of Key, Bruiu fullback, who made the
score, can harely be seen between the feet of the two officials. Other Uclan players are Funk (11). Chesh
ire (.1.1). Paulman, Stanford quarter, may be seen behind the official at the left. (Associated Press Photo.)

Here is the touchdown which gave j|, e University of California at Los Angeles a 7-(i victory over Stan
ford last Saturday in the Stanford Stadium. The outstretched legs of Key, Bruiu fullback, who made the
score, can harely be seen between the feet of the two officials. Other Uclan players are Funk (11). Chesh
ire (.1.1). Paulman, Stanford quarter, may be seen behind the official at the left. (Associated Press Photo.)

Here is the touchdown which gave j|, e University of California at Los Angeles a 7-(i victory over Stan
ford last Saturday in the Stanford Stadium. The outstretched legs of Key, Bruiu fullback, who made the
score, can harely be seen between the feet of the two officials. Other Uclan players are Funk (11). Chesh
ire (.1.1). Paulman, Stanford quarter, may be seen behind the official at the left. (Associated Press Photo.)

Here is the touchdown which gave j|, e University of California at Los Angeles a 7-(i victory over Stan
ford last Saturday in the Stanford Stadium. The outstretched legs of Key, Bruiu fullback, who made the
score, can harely be seen between the feet of the two officials. Other Uclan players are Funk (11). Chesh
ire (.1.1). Paulman, Stanford quarter, may be seen behind the official at the left. (Associated Press Photo.)

Here is the touchdown which gave j|, e University of California at Los Angeles a 7-(i victory over Stan
ford last Saturday in the Stanford Stadium. The outstretched legs of Key, Bruiu fullback, who made the
score, can harely be seen between the feet of the two officials. Other Uclan players are Funk (11). Chesh
ire (.1.1). Paulman, Stanford quarter, may be seen behind the official at the left. (Associated Press Photo.)

Here is the touchdown which gave j|, e University of California at Los Angeles a 7-(i victory over Stan
ford last Saturday in the Stanford Stadium. The outstretched legs of Key, Bruiu fullback, who made the
score, can harely be seen between the feet of the two officials. Other Uclan players are Funk (11). Chesh
ire (.1.1). Paulman, Stanford quarter, may be seen behind the official at the left. (Associated Press Photo.)

Here is the touchdown which gave j|, e University of California at Los Angeles a 7-(i victory over Stan
ford last Saturday in the Stanford Stadium. The outstretched legs of Key, Bruiu fullback, who made the
score, can harely be seen between the feet of the two officials. Other Uclan players are Funk (11). Chesh
ire (.1.1). Paulman, Stanford quarter, may be seen behind the official at the left. (Associated Press Photo.)

Here is the touchdown which gave j|, e University of California at Los Angeles a 7-(i victory over Stan
ford last Saturday in the Stanford Stadium. The outstretched legs of Key, Bruiu fullback, who made the
score, can harely be seen between the feet of the two officials. Other Uclan players are Funk (11). Chesh
ire (.1.1). Paulman, Stanford quarter, may be seen behind the official at the left. (Associated Press Photo.)

Here is the touchdown which gave j|, e University of California at Los Angeles a 7-(i victory over Stan
ford last Saturday in the Stanford Stadium. The outstretched legs of Key, Bruiu fullback, who made the
score, can harely be seen between the feet of the two officials. Other Uclan players are Funk (11). Chesh
ire (.1.1). Paulman, Stanford quarter, may be seen behind the official at the left. (Associated Press Photo.)

Here is the touchdown which gave j|, e University of California at Los Angeles a 7-(i victory over Stan
ford last Saturday in the Stanford Stadium. The outstretched legs of Key, Bruiu fullback, who made the
score, can harely be seen between the feet of the two officials. Other Uclan players are Funk (11). Chesh
ire (.1.1). Paulman, Stanford quarter, may be seen behind the official at the left. (Associated Press Photo.)

Here is the touchdown which gave j|, e University of California at Los Angeles a 7-(i victory over Stan
ford last Saturday in the Stanford Stadium. The outstretched legs of Key, Bruiu fullback, who made the
score, can harely be seen between the feet of the two officials. Other Uclan players are Funk (11). Chesh
ire (.1.1). Paulman, Stanford quarter, may be seen behind the official at the left. (Associated Press Photo.)

Here is the touchdown which gave j|, e University of California at Los Angeles a 7-(i victory over Stan
ford last Saturday in the Stanford Stadium. The outstretched legs of Key, Bruiu fullback, who made the
score, can harely be seen between the feet of the two officials. Other Uclan players are Funk (11). Chesh
ire (.1.1). Paulman, Stanford quarter, may be seen behind the official at the left. (Associated Press Photo.)
