# 'Don't Crowd Cars' Warns Gordy Davis
## 
### 
Officer Gordon Davis an
nounced last night that cita
tions will be given to all driv
ers with overcrowded cars.
Four persons in the front seat
or cars with students hanging
on the running board will be
cause for the driver of the car
to be cited before the Men's or
Women's Council.
This is a safety precaution as
last year two accidents occur
i*ed from students falling from
overcrowded cars. One woman
student is still unable to re
turn to school due to injuries
received when she was thrown
from a running board on a turn.
One of the men students was
injured last year in the same
manner and was unable to re
sume his studes. Another case
where the driver's vision was
obstructed resulted in the col
lision of two cars involving
considerable damage to both.
Section 596 of the Calif(*rnia
Vehicle Code covers this of
fense.
