# O'Neill Chosen To Direct Play
## Timmons Remains Away; Brown Named To Aid 
### 
For the first time in Stanford dra
matic history, a play will be com
pletely student-directed. This was
announced last night, when it was
learned definitely • that Director
William Murray Timmons will not
x-eturn in time to direct the Novem
ber 1 production of "Dark Tower."
Frank O'Neill, who has been
pinch-hitting for Timmons so far
this quarter, was officially named
as director. Assisting him will be
Phil Brown as technical director,
filling the post occupied last year
by George Andreini.
A committee of O'Neill, Phil
Brown, Professor Lee Emerson Bas
sett, and Miss Elizabeth Buckingham
have completed casting and prelim
inary rehearsals for the show, as
Timmons has not yet recovered from
an operation for appendicitis early
this quarter.
"Both O'Neill and Brown can fill
the positions capably," commented
Manager Hex Hardy. "O'Neill, be
sides directing last spring quar
ter's Follies Bourgeois, has had
years of radio experience. Brown
last quarter had charge of tech
nical stage work under Andreini.
I see no reason why the play
should not go off smoothly."
Timmons' condition is improving
rapidly. He is expected to return to
school shortly after the presenta
tion of "Dark Tower," and will re
sume his work as dramatic director.
For the first time in Stanford dra
matic history, a play will be com
pletely student-directed. This was
announced last night, when it was
learned definitely • that Director
William Murray Timmons will not
x-eturn in time to direct the Novem
ber 1 production of "Dark Tower."
Frank O'Neill, who has been
pinch-hitting for Timmons so far
this quarter, was officially named
as director. Assisting him will be
Phil Brown as technical director,
filling the post occupied last year
by George Andreini.
A committee of O'Neill, Phil
Brown, Professor Lee Emerson Bas
sett, and Miss Elizabeth Buckingham
have completed casting and prelim
inary rehearsals for the show, as
Timmons has not yet recovered from
an operation for appendicitis early
this quarter.
"Both O'Neill and Brown can fill
the positions capably," commented
Manager Hex Hardy. "O'Neill, be
sides directing last spring quar
ter's Follies Bourgeois, has had
years of radio experience. Brown
last quarter had charge of tech
nical stage work under Andreini.
I see no reason why the play
should not go off smoothly."
Timmons' condition is improving
rapidly. He is expected to return to
school shortly after the presenta
tion of "Dark Tower," and will re
sume his work as dramatic director.
For the first time in Stanford dra
matic history, a play will be com
pletely student-directed. This was
announced last night, when it was
learned definitely • that Director
William Murray Timmons will not
x-eturn in time to direct the Novem
ber 1 production of "Dark Tower."
Frank O'Neill, who has been
pinch-hitting for Timmons so far
this quarter, was officially named
as director. Assisting him will be
Phil Brown as technical director,
filling the post occupied last year
by George Andreini.
A committee of O'Neill, Phil
Brown, Professor Lee Emerson Bas
sett, and Miss Elizabeth Buckingham
have completed casting and prelim
inary rehearsals for the show, as
Timmons has not yet recovered from
an operation for appendicitis early
this quarter.
"Both O'Neill and Brown can fill
the positions capably," commented
Manager Hex Hardy. "O'Neill, be
sides directing last spring quar
ter's Follies Bourgeois, has had
years of radio experience. Brown
last quarter had charge of tech
nical stage work under Andreini.
I see no reason why the play
should not go off smoothly."
Timmons' condition is improving
rapidly. He is expected to return to
school shortly after the presenta
tion of "Dark Tower," and will re
sume his work as dramatic director.
For the first time in Stanford dra
matic history, a play will be com
pletely student-directed. This was
announced last night, when it was
learned definitely • that Director
William Murray Timmons will not
x-eturn in time to direct the Novem
ber 1 production of "Dark Tower."
Frank O'Neill, who has been
pinch-hitting for Timmons so far
this quarter, was officially named
as director. Assisting him will be
Phil Brown as technical director,
filling the post occupied last year
by George Andreini.
A committee of O'Neill, Phil
Brown, Professor Lee Emerson Bas
sett, and Miss Elizabeth Buckingham
have completed casting and prelim
inary rehearsals for the show, as
Timmons has not yet recovered from
an operation for appendicitis early
this quarter.
"Both O'Neill and Brown can fill
the positions capably," commented
Manager Hex Hardy. "O'Neill, be
sides directing last spring quar
ter's Follies Bourgeois, has had
years of radio experience. Brown
last quarter had charge of tech
nical stage work under Andreini.
I see no reason why the play
should not go off smoothly."
Timmons' condition is improving
rapidly. He is expected to return to
school shortly after the presenta
tion of "Dark Tower," and will re
sume his work as dramatic director.
For the first time in Stanford dra
matic history, a play will be com
pletely student-directed. This was
announced last night, when it was
learned definitely • that Director
William Murray Timmons will not
x-eturn in time to direct the Novem
ber 1 production of "Dark Tower."
Frank O'Neill, who has been
pinch-hitting for Timmons so far
this quarter, was officially named
as director. Assisting him will be
Phil Brown as technical director,
filling the post occupied last year
by George Andreini.
A committee of O'Neill, Phil
Brown, Professor Lee Emerson Bas
sett, and Miss Elizabeth Buckingham
have completed casting and prelim
inary rehearsals for the show, as
Timmons has not yet recovered from
an operation for appendicitis early
this quarter.
"Both O'Neill and Brown can fill
the positions capably," commented
Manager Hex Hardy. "O'Neill, be
sides directing last spring quar
ter's Follies Bourgeois, has had
years of radio experience. Brown
last quarter had charge of tech
nical stage work under Andreini.
I see no reason why the play
should not go off smoothly."
Timmons' condition is improving
rapidly. He is expected to return to
school shortly after the presenta
tion of "Dark Tower," and will re
sume his work as dramatic director.
For the first time in Stanford dra
matic history, a play will be com
pletely student-directed. This was
announced last night, when it was
learned definitely • that Director
William Murray Timmons will not
x-eturn in time to direct the Novem
ber 1 production of "Dark Tower."
Frank O'Neill, who has been
pinch-hitting for Timmons so far
this quarter, was officially named
as director. Assisting him will be
Phil Brown as technical director,
filling the post occupied last year
by George Andreini.
A committee of O'Neill, Phil
Brown, Professor Lee Emerson Bas
sett, and Miss Elizabeth Buckingham
have completed casting and prelim
inary rehearsals for the show, as
Timmons has not yet recovered from
an operation for appendicitis early
this quarter.
"Both O'Neill and Brown can fill
the positions capably," commented
Manager Hex Hardy. "O'Neill, be
sides directing last spring quar
ter's Follies Bourgeois, has had
years of radio experience. Brown
last quarter had charge of tech
nical stage work under Andreini.
I see no reason why the play
should not go off smoothly."
Timmons' condition is improving
rapidly. He is expected to return to
school shortly after the presenta
tion of "Dark Tower," and will re
sume his work as dramatic director.
For the first time in Stanford dra
matic history, a play will be com
pletely student-directed. This was
announced last night, when it was
learned definitely • that Director
William Murray Timmons will not
x-eturn in time to direct the Novem
ber 1 production of "Dark Tower."
Frank O'Neill, who has been
pinch-hitting for Timmons so far
this quarter, was officially named
as director. Assisting him will be
Phil Brown as technical director,
filling the post occupied last year
by George Andreini.
A committee of O'Neill, Phil
Brown, Professor Lee Emerson Bas
sett, and Miss Elizabeth Buckingham
have completed casting and prelim
inary rehearsals for the show, as
Timmons has not yet recovered from
an operation for appendicitis early
this quarter.
"Both O'Neill and Brown can fill
the positions capably," commented
Manager Hex Hardy. "O'Neill, be
sides directing last spring quar
ter's Follies Bourgeois, has had
years of radio experience. Brown
last quarter had charge of tech
nical stage work under Andreini.
I see no reason why the play
should not go off smoothly."
Timmons' condition is improving
rapidly. He is expected to return to
school shortly after the presenta
tion of "Dark Tower," and will re
sume his work as dramatic director.
For the first time in Stanford dra
matic history, a play will be com
pletely student-directed. This was
announced last night, when it was
learned definitely • that Director
William Murray Timmons will not
x-eturn in time to direct the Novem
ber 1 production of "Dark Tower."
Frank O'Neill, who has been
pinch-hitting for Timmons so far
this quarter, was officially named
as director. Assisting him will be
Phil Brown as technical director,
filling the post occupied last year
by George Andreini.
A committee of O'Neill, Phil
Brown, Professor Lee Emerson Bas
sett, and Miss Elizabeth Buckingham
have completed casting and prelim
inary rehearsals for the show, as
Timmons has not yet recovered from
an operation for appendicitis early
this quarter.
"Both O'Neill and Brown can fill
the positions capably," commented
Manager Hex Hardy. "O'Neill, be
sides directing last spring quar
ter's Follies Bourgeois, has had
years of radio experience. Brown
last quarter had charge of tech
nical stage work under Andreini.
I see no reason why the play
should not go off smoothly."
Timmons' condition is improving
rapidly. He is expected to return to
school shortly after the presenta
tion of "Dark Tower," and will re
sume his work as dramatic director.
For the first time in Stanford dra
matic history, a play will be com
pletely student-directed. This was
announced last night, when it was
learned definitely • that Director
William Murray Timmons will not
x-eturn in time to direct the Novem
ber 1 production of "Dark Tower."
Frank O'Neill, who has been
pinch-hitting for Timmons so far
this quarter, was officially named
as director. Assisting him will be
Phil Brown as technical director,
filling the post occupied last year
by George Andreini.
A committee of O'Neill, Phil
Brown, Professor Lee Emerson Bas
sett, and Miss Elizabeth Buckingham
have completed casting and prelim
inary rehearsals for the show, as
Timmons has not yet recovered from
an operation for appendicitis early
this quarter.
"Both O'Neill and Brown can fill
the positions capably," commented
Manager Hex Hardy. "O'Neill, be
sides directing last spring quar
ter's Follies Bourgeois, has had
years of radio experience. Brown
last quarter had charge of tech
nical stage work under Andreini.
I see no reason why the play
should not go off smoothly."
Timmons' condition is improving
rapidly. He is expected to return to
school shortly after the presenta
tion of "Dark Tower," and will re
sume his work as dramatic director.
For the first time in Stanford dra
matic history, a play will be com
pletely student-directed. This was
announced last night, when it was
learned definitely • that Director
William Murray Timmons will not
x-eturn in time to direct the Novem
ber 1 production of "Dark Tower."
Frank O'Neill, who has been
pinch-hitting for Timmons so far
this quarter, was officially named
as director. Assisting him will be
Phil Brown as technical director,
filling the post occupied last year
by George Andreini.
A committee of O'Neill, Phil
Brown, Professor Lee Emerson Bas
sett, and Miss Elizabeth Buckingham
have completed casting and prelim
inary rehearsals for the show, as
Timmons has not yet recovered from
an operation for appendicitis early
this quarter.
"Both O'Neill and Brown can fill
the positions capably," commented
Manager Hex Hardy. "O'Neill, be
sides directing last spring quar
ter's Follies Bourgeois, has had
years of radio experience. Brown
last quarter had charge of tech
nical stage work under Andreini.
I see no reason why the play
should not go off smoothly."
Timmons' condition is improving
rapidly. He is expected to return to
school shortly after the presenta
tion of "Dark Tower," and will re
sume his work as dramatic director.
For the first time in Stanford dra
matic history, a play will be com
pletely student-directed. This was
announced last night, when it was
learned definitely • that Director
William Murray Timmons will not
x-eturn in time to direct the Novem
ber 1 production of "Dark Tower."
Frank O'Neill, who has been
pinch-hitting for Timmons so far
this quarter, was officially named
as director. Assisting him will be
Phil Brown as technical director,
filling the post occupied last year
by George Andreini.
A committee of O'Neill, Phil
Brown, Professor Lee Emerson Bas
sett, and Miss Elizabeth Buckingham
have completed casting and prelim
inary rehearsals for the show, as
Timmons has not yet recovered from
an operation for appendicitis early
this quarter.
"Both O'Neill and Brown can fill
the positions capably," commented
Manager Hex Hardy. "O'Neill, be
sides directing last spring quar
ter's Follies Bourgeois, has had
years of radio experience. Brown
last quarter had charge of tech
nical stage work under Andreini.
I see no reason why the play
should not go off smoothly."
Timmons' condition is improving
rapidly. He is expected to return to
school shortly after the presenta
tion of "Dark Tower," and will re
sume his work as dramatic director.
For the first time in Stanford dra
matic history, a play will be com
pletely student-directed. This was
announced last night, when it was
learned definitely • that Director
William Murray Timmons will not
x-eturn in time to direct the Novem
ber 1 production of "Dark Tower."
Frank O'Neill, who has been
pinch-hitting for Timmons so far
this quarter, was officially named
as director. Assisting him will be
Phil Brown as technical director,
filling the post occupied last year
by George Andreini.
A committee of O'Neill, Phil
Brown, Professor Lee Emerson Bas
sett, and Miss Elizabeth Buckingham
have completed casting and prelim
inary rehearsals for the show, as
Timmons has not yet recovered from
an operation for appendicitis early
this quarter.
"Both O'Neill and Brown can fill
the positions capably," commented
Manager Hex Hardy. "O'Neill, be
sides directing last spring quar
ter's Follies Bourgeois, has had
years of radio experience. Brown
last quarter had charge of tech
nical stage work under Andreini.
I see no reason why the play
should not go off smoothly."
Timmons' condition is improving
rapidly. He is expected to return to
school shortly after the presenta
tion of "Dark Tower," and will re
sume his work as dramatic director.
For the first time in Stanford dra
matic history, a play will be com
pletely student-directed. This was
announced last night, when it was
learned definitely • that Director
William Murray Timmons will not
x-eturn in time to direct the Novem
ber 1 production of "Dark Tower."
Frank O'Neill, who has been
pinch-hitting for Timmons so far
this quarter, was officially named
as director. Assisting him will be
Phil Brown as technical director,
filling the post occupied last year
by George Andreini.
A committee of O'Neill, Phil
Brown, Professor Lee Emerson Bas
sett, and Miss Elizabeth Buckingham
have completed casting and prelim
inary rehearsals for the show, as
Timmons has not yet recovered from
an operation for appendicitis early
this quarter.
"Both O'Neill and Brown can fill
the positions capably," commented
Manager Hex Hardy. "O'Neill, be
sides directing last spring quar
ter's Follies Bourgeois, has had
years of radio experience. Brown
last quarter had charge of tech
nical stage work under Andreini.
I see no reason why the play
should not go off smoothly."
Timmons' condition is improving
rapidly. He is expected to return to
school shortly after the presenta
tion of "Dark Tower," and will re
sume his work as dramatic director.
For the first time in Stanford dra
matic history, a play will be com
pletely student-directed. This was
announced last night, when it was
learned definitely • that Director
William Murray Timmons will not
x-eturn in time to direct the Novem
ber 1 production of "Dark Tower."
Frank O'Neill, who has been
pinch-hitting for Timmons so far
this quarter, was officially named
as director. Assisting him will be
Phil Brown as technical director,
filling the post occupied last year
by George Andreini.
A committee of O'Neill, Phil
Brown, Professor Lee Emerson Bas
sett, and Miss Elizabeth Buckingham
have completed casting and prelim
inary rehearsals for the show, as
Timmons has not yet recovered from
an operation for appendicitis early
this quarter.
"Both O'Neill and Brown can fill
the positions capably," commented
Manager Hex Hardy. "O'Neill, be
sides directing last spring quar
ter's Follies Bourgeois, has had
years of radio experience. Brown
last quarter had charge of tech
nical stage work under Andreini.
I see no reason why the play
should not go off smoothly."
Timmons' condition is improving
rapidly. He is expected to return to
school shortly after the presenta
tion of "Dark Tower," and will re
sume his work as dramatic director.
For the first time in Stanford dra
matic history, a play will be com
pletely student-directed. This was
announced last night, when it was
learned definitely • that Director
William Murray Timmons will not
x-eturn in time to direct the Novem
ber 1 production of "Dark Tower."
Frank O'Neill, who has been
pinch-hitting for Timmons so far
this quarter, was officially named
as director. Assisting him will be
Phil Brown as technical director,
filling the post occupied last year
by George Andreini.
A committee of O'Neill, Phil
Brown, Professor Lee Emerson Bas
sett, and Miss Elizabeth Buckingham
have completed casting and prelim
inary rehearsals for the show, as
Timmons has not yet recovered from
an operation for appendicitis early
this quarter.
"Both O'Neill and Brown can fill
the positions capably," commented
Manager Hex Hardy. "O'Neill, be
sides directing last spring quar
ter's Follies Bourgeois, has had
years of radio experience. Brown
last quarter had charge of tech
nical stage work under Andreini.
I see no reason why the play
should not go off smoothly."
Timmons' condition is improving
rapidly. He is expected to return to
school shortly after the presenta
tion of "Dark Tower," and will re
sume his work as dramatic director.
