# Untitled Article
## 
### 
At tlir Oregon Agricultural College
sopluimorcs havp lipph forbidden by
managers of the college pstato to tub
freshmen in the water troughs of the
Fnivers'.tv farm.
At tlir Oregon Agricultural College
sopluimorcs havp lipph forbidden by
managers of the college pstato to tub
freshmen in the water troughs of the
Fnivers'.tv farm.
At tlir Oregon Agricultural College
sopluimorcs havp lipph forbidden by
managers of the college pstato to tub
freshmen in the water troughs of the
Fnivers'.tv farm.
At tlir Oregon Agricultural College
sopluimorcs havp lipph forbidden by
managers of the college pstato to tub
freshmen in the water troughs of the
Fnivers'.tv farm.
At tlir Oregon Agricultural College
sopluimorcs havp lipph forbidden by
managers of the college pstato to tub
freshmen in the water troughs of the
Fnivers'.tv farm.
At tlir Oregon Agricultural College
sopluimorcs havp lipph forbidden by
managers of the college pstato to tub
freshmen in the water troughs of the
Fnivers'.tv farm.
At tlir Oregon Agricultural College
sopluimorcs havp lipph forbidden by
managers of the college pstato to tub
freshmen in the water troughs of the
Fnivers'.tv farm.
At tlir Oregon Agricultural College
sopluimorcs havp lipph forbidden by
managers of the college pstato to tub
freshmen in the water troughs of the
Fnivers'.tv farm.
At tlir Oregon Agricultural College
sopluimorcs havp lipph forbidden by
managers of the college pstato to tub
freshmen in the water troughs of the
Fnivers'.tv farm.
At tlir Oregon Agricultural College
sopluimorcs havp lipph forbidden by
managers of the college pstato to tub
freshmen in the water troughs of the
Fnivers'.tv farm.
At tlir Oregon Agricultural College
sopluimorcs havp lipph forbidden by
managers of the college pstato to tub
freshmen in the water troughs of the
Fnivers'.tv farm.
At tlir Oregon Agricultural College
sopluimorcs havp lipph forbidden by
managers of the college pstato to tub
freshmen in the water troughs of the
Fnivers'.tv farm.
At tlir Oregon Agricultural College
sopluimorcs havp lipph forbidden by
managers of the college pstato to tub
freshmen in the water troughs of the
Fnivers'.tv farm.
At tlir Oregon Agricultural College
sopluimorcs havp lipph forbidden by
managers of the college pstato to tub
freshmen in the water troughs of the
Fnivers'.tv farm.
