# Adv. 12 Page 3
## 
### 
p
A
L
O
A j
|
L
T
O
G !
A
R
A
G
0
PLYMOUTH
DE SOTO
'
$
REPAIRS
AND
SERVICE
At Reasonable
Prices
on all makes of cars by
mechanics with not less
than ten years' experience
•
CARS PAINTED
$1 5.00 up
©
BODY, TOP AND
FENDER WORK
AUTOMOTIVE
ENGINEERS
•
PHIL MEIBACH, '14, Prop.
440-442 EMERSON
•
|UST OFF
UNIVERSITY AVE.
, . i
p
A
L
O
A j
|
L
T
O
G !
A
R
A
G
0
PLYMOUTH
DE SOTO
'
$
REPAIRS
AND
SERVICE
At Reasonable
Prices
on all makes of cars by
mechanics with not less
than ten years' experience
•
CARS PAINTED
$1 5.00 up
©
BODY, TOP AND
FENDER WORK
AUTOMOTIVE
ENGINEERS
•
PHIL MEIBACH, '14, Prop.
440-442 EMERSON
•
|UST OFF
UNIVERSITY AVE.
, . i
p
A
L
O
A j
|
L
T
O
G !
A
R
A
G
0
PLYMOUTH
DE SOTO
'
$
REPAIRS
AND
SERVICE
At Reasonable
Prices
on all makes of cars by
mechanics with not less
than ten years' experience
•
CARS PAINTED
$1 5.00 up
©
BODY, TOP AND
FENDER WORK
AUTOMOTIVE
ENGINEERS
•
PHIL MEIBACH, '14, Prop.
440-442 EMERSON
•
|UST OFF
UNIVERSITY AVE.
, . i
p
A
L
O
A j
|
L
T
O
G !
A
R
A
G
0
PLYMOUTH
DE SOTO
'
$
REPAIRS
AND
SERVICE
At Reasonable
Prices
on all makes of cars by
mechanics with not less
than ten years' experience
•
CARS PAINTED
$1 5.00 up
©
BODY, TOP AND
FENDER WORK
AUTOMOTIVE
ENGINEERS
•
PHIL MEIBACH, '14, Prop.
440-442 EMERSON
•
|UST OFF
UNIVERSITY AVE.
, . i
p
A
L
O
A j
|
L
T
O
G !
A
R
A
G
0
PLYMOUTH
DE SOTO
'
$
REPAIRS
AND
SERVICE
At Reasonable
Prices
on all makes of cars by
mechanics with not less
than ten years' experience
•
CARS PAINTED
$1 5.00 up
©
BODY, TOP AND
FENDER WORK
AUTOMOTIVE
ENGINEERS
•
PHIL MEIBACH, '14, Prop.
440-442 EMERSON
•
|UST OFF
UNIVERSITY AVE.
, . i
p
A
L
O
A j
|
L
T
O
G !
A
R
A
G
0
PLYMOUTH
DE SOTO
'
$
REPAIRS
AND
SERVICE
At Reasonable
Prices
on all makes of cars by
mechanics with not less
than ten years' experience
•
CARS PAINTED
$1 5.00 up
©
BODY, TOP AND
FENDER WORK
AUTOMOTIVE
ENGINEERS
•
PHIL MEIBACH, '14, Prop.
440-442 EMERSON
•
|UST OFF
UNIVERSITY AVE.
, . i
p
A
L
O
A j
|
L
T
O
G !
A
R
A
G
0
PLYMOUTH
DE SOTO
'
$
REPAIRS
AND
SERVICE
At Reasonable
Prices
on all makes of cars by
mechanics with not less
than ten years' experience
•
CARS PAINTED
$1 5.00 up
©
BODY, TOP AND
FENDER WORK
AUTOMOTIVE
ENGINEERS
•
PHIL MEIBACH, '14, Prop.
440-442 EMERSON
•
|UST OFF
UNIVERSITY AVE.
, . i
p
A
L
O
A j
|
L
T
O
G !
A
R
A
G
0
PLYMOUTH
DE SOTO
'
$
REPAIRS
AND
SERVICE
At Reasonable
Prices
on all makes of cars by
mechanics with not less
than ten years' experience
•
CARS PAINTED
$1 5.00 up
©
BODY, TOP AND
FENDER WORK
AUTOMOTIVE
ENGINEERS
•
PHIL MEIBACH, '14, Prop.
440-442 EMERSON
•
|UST OFF
UNIVERSITY AVE.
, . i
p
A
L
O
A j
|
L
T
O
G !
A
R
A
G
0
PLYMOUTH
DE SOTO
'
$
REPAIRS
AND
SERVICE
At Reasonable
Prices
on all makes of cars by
mechanics with not less
than ten years' experience
•
CARS PAINTED
$1 5.00 up
©
BODY, TOP AND
FENDER WORK
AUTOMOTIVE
ENGINEERS
•
PHIL MEIBACH, '14, Prop.
440-442 EMERSON
•
|UST OFF
UNIVERSITY AVE.
, . i
p
A
L
O
A j
|
L
T
O
G !
A
R
A
G
0
PLYMOUTH
DE SOTO
'
$
REPAIRS
AND
SERVICE
At Reasonable
Prices
on all makes of cars by
mechanics with not less
than ten years' experience
•
CARS PAINTED
$1 5.00 up
©
BODY, TOP AND
FENDER WORK
AUTOMOTIVE
ENGINEERS
•
PHIL MEIBACH, '14, Prop.
440-442 EMERSON
•
|UST OFF
UNIVERSITY AVE.
, . i
p
A
L
O
A j
|
L
T
O
G !
A
R
A
G
0
PLYMOUTH
DE SOTO
'
$
REPAIRS
AND
SERVICE
At Reasonable
Prices
on all makes of cars by
mechanics with not less
than ten years' experience
•
CARS PAINTED
$1 5.00 up
©
BODY, TOP AND
FENDER WORK
AUTOMOTIVE
ENGINEERS
•
PHIL MEIBACH, '14, Prop.
440-442 EMERSON
•
|UST OFF
UNIVERSITY AVE.
, . i
p
A
L
O
A j
|
L
T
O
G !
A
R
A
G
0
PLYMOUTH
DE SOTO
'
$
REPAIRS
AND
SERVICE
At Reasonable
Prices
on all makes of cars by
mechanics with not less
than ten years' experience
•
CARS PAINTED
$1 5.00 up
©
BODY, TOP AND
FENDER WORK
AUTOMOTIVE
ENGINEERS
•
PHIL MEIBACH, '14, Prop.
440-442 EMERSON
•
|UST OFF
UNIVERSITY AVE.
, . i
p
A
L
O
A j
|
L
T
O
G !
A
R
A
G
0
PLYMOUTH
DE SOTO
'
$
REPAIRS
AND
SERVICE
At Reasonable
Prices
on all makes of cars by
mechanics with not less
than ten years' experience
•
CARS PAINTED
$1 5.00 up
©
BODY, TOP AND
FENDER WORK
AUTOMOTIVE
ENGINEERS
•
PHIL MEIBACH, '14, Prop.
440-442 EMERSON
•
|UST OFF
UNIVERSITY AVE.
, . i
p
A
L
O
A j
|
L
T
O
G !
A
R
A
G
0
PLYMOUTH
DE SOTO
'
$
REPAIRS
AND
SERVICE
At Reasonable
Prices
on all makes of cars by
mechanics with not less
than ten years' experience
•
CARS PAINTED
$1 5.00 up
©
BODY, TOP AND
FENDER WORK
AUTOMOTIVE
ENGINEERS
•
PHIL MEIBACH, '14, Prop.
440-442 EMERSON
•
|UST OFF
UNIVERSITY AVE.
, . i
p
A
L
O
A j
|
L
T
O
G !
A
R
A
G
0
PLYMOUTH
DE SOTO
'
$
REPAIRS
AND
SERVICE
At Reasonable
Prices
on all makes of cars by
mechanics with not less
than ten years' experience
•
CARS PAINTED
$1 5.00 up
©
BODY, TOP AND
FENDER WORK
AUTOMOTIVE
ENGINEERS
•
PHIL MEIBACH, '14, Prop.
440-442 EMERSON
•
|UST OFF
UNIVERSITY AVE.
, . i
