# HE'LL SEE THAT BILLS ARE CHEAPER
## 
### 


In what was considered a significant speech at Tupelo, Miss., President Roosevelt declared that the ex
periment for cheap power and human rehabilitation in the Tennessee Valley "is going to be copied in every
state in the Union before we get through." (Associated Press photo.)


In what was considered a significant speech at Tupelo, Miss., President Roosevelt declared that the ex
periment for cheap power and human rehabilitation in the Tennessee Valley "is going to be copied in every
state in the Union before we get through." (Associated Press photo.)


In what was considered a significant speech at Tupelo, Miss., President Roosevelt declared that the ex
periment for cheap power and human rehabilitation in the Tennessee Valley "is going to be copied in every
state in the Union before we get through." (Associated Press photo.)


In what was considered a significant speech at Tupelo, Miss., President Roosevelt declared that the ex
periment for cheap power and human rehabilitation in the Tennessee Valley "is going to be copied in every
state in the Union before we get through." (Associated Press photo.)


In what was considered a significant speech at Tupelo, Miss., President Roosevelt declared that the ex
periment for cheap power and human rehabilitation in the Tennessee Valley "is going to be copied in every
state in the Union before we get through." (Associated Press photo.)


In what was considered a significant speech at Tupelo, Miss., President Roosevelt declared that the ex
periment for cheap power and human rehabilitation in the Tennessee Valley "is going to be copied in every
state in the Union before we get through." (Associated Press photo.)


In what was considered a significant speech at Tupelo, Miss., President Roosevelt declared that the ex
periment for cheap power and human rehabilitation in the Tennessee Valley "is going to be copied in every
state in the Union before we get through." (Associated Press photo.)


In what was considered a significant speech at Tupelo, Miss., President Roosevelt declared that the ex
periment for cheap power and human rehabilitation in the Tennessee Valley "is going to be copied in every
state in the Union before we get through." (Associated Press photo.)


In what was considered a significant speech at Tupelo, Miss., President Roosevelt declared that the ex
periment for cheap power and human rehabilitation in the Tennessee Valley "is going to be copied in every
state in the Union before we get through." (Associated Press photo.)


In what was considered a significant speech at Tupelo, Miss., President Roosevelt declared that the ex
periment for cheap power and human rehabilitation in the Tennessee Valley "is going to be copied in every
state in the Union before we get through." (Associated Press photo.)


In what was considered a significant speech at Tupelo, Miss., President Roosevelt declared that the ex
periment for cheap power and human rehabilitation in the Tennessee Valley "is going to be copied in every
state in the Union before we get through." (Associated Press photo.)


In what was considered a significant speech at Tupelo, Miss., President Roosevelt declared that the ex
periment for cheap power and human rehabilitation in the Tennessee Valley "is going to be copied in every
state in the Union before we get through." (Associated Press photo.)


In what was considered a significant speech at Tupelo, Miss., President Roosevelt declared that the ex
periment for cheap power and human rehabilitation in the Tennessee Valley "is going to be copied in every
state in the Union before we get through." (Associated Press photo.)


In what was considered a significant speech at Tupelo, Miss., President Roosevelt declared that the ex
periment for cheap power and human rehabilitation in the Tennessee Valley "is going to be copied in every
state in the Union before we get through." (Associated Press photo.)


In what was considered a significant speech at Tupelo, Miss., President Roosevelt declared that the ex
periment for cheap power and human rehabilitation in the Tennessee Valley "is going to be copied in every
state in the Union before we get through." (Associated Press photo.)
