# GOES HOLLYWOOD
## 
### 

Frank Shields, tennis star, has
been signed by a Hollywood motion
picture studio as an actor after of
ficials had watched newsreels of
him in action. (Associated Press
Photo)

Frank Shields, tennis star, has
been signed by a Hollywood motion
picture studio as an actor after of
ficials had watched newsreels of
him in action. (Associated Press
Photo)

Frank Shields, tennis star, has
been signed by a Hollywood motion
picture studio as an actor after of
ficials had watched newsreels of
him in action. (Associated Press
Photo)

Frank Shields, tennis star, has
been signed by a Hollywood motion
picture studio as an actor after of
ficials had watched newsreels of
him in action. (Associated Press
Photo)

Frank Shields, tennis star, has
been signed by a Hollywood motion
picture studio as an actor after of
ficials had watched newsreels of
him in action. (Associated Press
Photo)

Frank Shields, tennis star, has
been signed by a Hollywood motion
picture studio as an actor after of
ficials had watched newsreels of
him in action. (Associated Press
Photo)

Frank Shields, tennis star, has
been signed by a Hollywood motion
picture studio as an actor after of
ficials had watched newsreels of
him in action. (Associated Press
Photo)

Frank Shields, tennis star, has
been signed by a Hollywood motion
picture studio as an actor after of
ficials had watched newsreels of
him in action. (Associated Press
Photo)

Frank Shields, tennis star, has
been signed by a Hollywood motion
picture studio as an actor after of
ficials had watched newsreels of
him in action. (Associated Press
Photo)

Frank Shields, tennis star, has
been signed by a Hollywood motion
picture studio as an actor after of
ficials had watched newsreels of
him in action. (Associated Press
Photo)

Frank Shields, tennis star, has
been signed by a Hollywood motion
picture studio as an actor after of
ficials had watched newsreels of
him in action. (Associated Press
Photo)

Frank Shields, tennis star, has
been signed by a Hollywood motion
picture studio as an actor after of
ficials had watched newsreels of
him in action. (Associated Press
Photo)

Frank Shields, tennis star, has
been signed by a Hollywood motion
picture studio as an actor after of
ficials had watched newsreels of
him in action. (Associated Press
Photo)

Frank Shields, tennis star, has
been signed by a Hollywood motion
picture studio as an actor after of
ficials had watched newsreels of
him in action. (Associated Press
Photo)

Frank Shields, tennis star, has
been signed by a Hollywood motion
picture studio as an actor after of
ficials had watched newsreels of
him in action. (Associated Press
Photo)
