# No Stanford Auto Mishaps Mar Big Game Celebration
## 
### 
Big Game night this year
brought no duplications of last
year's fatal automobile acci
dents in which two Stanford
students and two other persons
lost their lives. This year as
in '31 and '32 drivers were evi
dently more careful for no ma
jor accidents involving campus
ites were reported.
Dreary-eyed, the Stanford
rooters returned to the Farm
early yesterday morning, many
of them possessing headaches,
mild or otherwise, reminding
them of the great celebration a
few hours previous. But de
spite the headaches, confusion,
and jovially caused by the Big
Game, several members of the
football team suffered the only
injuries.
Big Game night this year
brought no duplications of last
year's fatal automobile acci
dents in which two Stanford
students and two other persons
lost their lives. This year as
in '31 and '32 drivers were evi
dently more careful for no ma
jor accidents involving campus
ites were reported.
Dreary-eyed, the Stanford
rooters returned to the Farm
early yesterday morning, many
of them possessing headaches,
mild or otherwise, reminding
them of the great celebration a
few hours previous. But de
spite the headaches, confusion,
and jovially caused by the Big
Game, several members of the
football team suffered the only
injuries.
Big Game night this year
brought no duplications of last
year's fatal automobile acci
dents in which two Stanford
students and two other persons
lost their lives. This year as
in '31 and '32 drivers were evi
dently more careful for no ma
jor accidents involving campus
ites were reported.
Dreary-eyed, the Stanford
rooters returned to the Farm
early yesterday morning, many
of them possessing headaches,
mild or otherwise, reminding
them of the great celebration a
few hours previous. But de
spite the headaches, confusion,
and jovially caused by the Big
Game, several members of the
football team suffered the only
injuries.
Big Game night this year
brought no duplications of last
year's fatal automobile acci
dents in which two Stanford
students and two other persons
lost their lives. This year as
in '31 and '32 drivers were evi
dently more careful for no ma
jor accidents involving campus
ites were reported.
Dreary-eyed, the Stanford
rooters returned to the Farm
early yesterday morning, many
of them possessing headaches,
mild or otherwise, reminding
them of the great celebration a
few hours previous. But de
spite the headaches, confusion,
and jovially caused by the Big
Game, several members of the
football team suffered the only
injuries.
Big Game night this year
brought no duplications of last
year's fatal automobile acci
dents in which two Stanford
students and two other persons
lost their lives. This year as
in '31 and '32 drivers were evi
dently more careful for no ma
jor accidents involving campus
ites were reported.
Dreary-eyed, the Stanford
rooters returned to the Farm
early yesterday morning, many
of them possessing headaches,
mild or otherwise, reminding
them of the great celebration a
few hours previous. But de
spite the headaches, confusion,
and jovially caused by the Big
Game, several members of the
football team suffered the only
injuries.
Big Game night this year
brought no duplications of last
year's fatal automobile acci
dents in which two Stanford
students and two other persons
lost their lives. This year as
in '31 and '32 drivers were evi
dently more careful for no ma
jor accidents involving campus
ites were reported.
Dreary-eyed, the Stanford
rooters returned to the Farm
early yesterday morning, many
of them possessing headaches,
mild or otherwise, reminding
them of the great celebration a
few hours previous. But de
spite the headaches, confusion,
and jovially caused by the Big
Game, several members of the
football team suffered the only
injuries.
Big Game night this year
brought no duplications of last
year's fatal automobile acci
dents in which two Stanford
students and two other persons
lost their lives. This year as
in '31 and '32 drivers were evi
dently more careful for no ma
jor accidents involving campus
ites were reported.
Dreary-eyed, the Stanford
rooters returned to the Farm
early yesterday morning, many
of them possessing headaches,
mild or otherwise, reminding
them of the great celebration a
few hours previous. But de
spite the headaches, confusion,
and jovially caused by the Big
Game, several members of the
football team suffered the only
injuries.
Big Game night this year
brought no duplications of last
year's fatal automobile acci
dents in which two Stanford
students and two other persons
lost their lives. This year as
in '31 and '32 drivers were evi
dently more careful for no ma
jor accidents involving campus
ites were reported.
Dreary-eyed, the Stanford
rooters returned to the Farm
early yesterday morning, many
of them possessing headaches,
mild or otherwise, reminding
them of the great celebration a
few hours previous. But de
spite the headaches, confusion,
and jovially caused by the Big
Game, several members of the
football team suffered the only
injuries.
Big Game night this year
brought no duplications of last
year's fatal automobile acci
dents in which two Stanford
students and two other persons
lost their lives. This year as
in '31 and '32 drivers were evi
dently more careful for no ma
jor accidents involving campus
ites were reported.
Dreary-eyed, the Stanford
rooters returned to the Farm
early yesterday morning, many
of them possessing headaches,
mild or otherwise, reminding
them of the great celebration a
few hours previous. But de
spite the headaches, confusion,
and jovially caused by the Big
Game, several members of the
football team suffered the only
injuries.
Big Game night this year
brought no duplications of last
year's fatal automobile acci
dents in which two Stanford
students and two other persons
lost their lives. This year as
in '31 and '32 drivers were evi
dently more careful for no ma
jor accidents involving campus
ites were reported.
Dreary-eyed, the Stanford
rooters returned to the Farm
early yesterday morning, many
of them possessing headaches,
mild or otherwise, reminding
them of the great celebration a
few hours previous. But de
spite the headaches, confusion,
and jovially caused by the Big
Game, several members of the
football team suffered the only
injuries.
Big Game night this year
brought no duplications of last
year's fatal automobile acci
dents in which two Stanford
students and two other persons
lost their lives. This year as
in '31 and '32 drivers were evi
dently more careful for no ma
jor accidents involving campus
ites were reported.
Dreary-eyed, the Stanford
rooters returned to the Farm
early yesterday morning, many
of them possessing headaches,
mild or otherwise, reminding
them of the great celebration a
few hours previous. But de
spite the headaches, confusion,
and jovially caused by the Big
Game, several members of the
football team suffered the only
injuries.
Big Game night this year
brought no duplications of last
year's fatal automobile acci
dents in which two Stanford
students and two other persons
lost their lives. This year as
in '31 and '32 drivers were evi
dently more careful for no ma
jor accidents involving campus
ites were reported.
Dreary-eyed, the Stanford
rooters returned to the Farm
early yesterday morning, many
of them possessing headaches,
mild or otherwise, reminding
them of the great celebration a
few hours previous. But de
spite the headaches, confusion,
and jovially caused by the Big
Game, several members of the
football team suffered the only
injuries.
Big Game night this year
brought no duplications of last
year's fatal automobile acci
dents in which two Stanford
students and two other persons
lost their lives. This year as
in '31 and '32 drivers were evi
dently more careful for no ma
jor accidents involving campus
ites were reported.
Dreary-eyed, the Stanford
rooters returned to the Farm
early yesterday morning, many
of them possessing headaches,
mild or otherwise, reminding
them of the great celebration a
few hours previous. But de
spite the headaches, confusion,
and jovially caused by the Big
Game, several members of the
football team suffered the only
injuries.
Big Game night this year
brought no duplications of last
year's fatal automobile acci
dents in which two Stanford
students and two other persons
lost their lives. This year as
in '31 and '32 drivers were evi
dently more careful for no ma
jor accidents involving campus
ites were reported.
Dreary-eyed, the Stanford
rooters returned to the Farm
early yesterday morning, many
of them possessing headaches,
mild or otherwise, reminding
them of the great celebration a
few hours previous. But de
spite the headaches, confusion,
and jovially caused by the Big
Game, several members of the
football team suffered the only
injuries.
Big Game night this year
brought no duplications of last
year's fatal automobile acci
dents in which two Stanford
students and two other persons
lost their lives. This year as
in '31 and '32 drivers were evi
dently more careful for no ma
jor accidents involving campus
ites were reported.
Dreary-eyed, the Stanford
rooters returned to the Farm
early yesterday morning, many
of them possessing headaches,
mild or otherwise, reminding
them of the great celebration a
few hours previous. But de
spite the headaches, confusion,
and jovially caused by the Big
Game, several members of the
football team suffered the only
injuries.
