# TROLLEY ACCIDENT BRINGS BLOOD IN L.A. CAR STRIKE
## Shock Floors Passengers, Causes Over Score Of Injuries 
### 
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 25 {A l ).—
Violence and bloodshed broke the
Sunday quiet today as the Los An
geles Railway strike went into the
second day.
Although the day began peace
fully, a spectacular collision of
three street cars and outbreaks in
various parts of the city brought in
juries to more than a score of pas
sengers, some critically, and five
motormen and conductors.
Treat Injured
Thirteen of the passengers injured
in the crash were treated at Georgia
Street Receiving Hospital, and ap
proximately ten others taken to the
hospital in ambulances were permit
fed to go home after emergency care.
The crash occurred at Vermont
and Florence Avenues In the south
ern part of the city when a south
bound car smashed into the rear of
another car, which was stalled by a
third car halted by strike sympa
thizers. Most of those injured were
on the last car.
Mob Attacks Crew
The car was stalled when the trol
ley was jerked from the power cable.
A second street car was forced to
stop. The members of the mob then
attacked the crew of an approaching
third street car, the conductor was
pulled off and beaten, the motor
man, apparently in his excitement,
police said, turned on thfe power,
speeding his car into the other two.
Passengers in two cars were hurled
to the floors and into seats as the
front end of the third car and the
rear end of the second one were
telescoped.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 25 {A l ).—
Violence and bloodshed broke the
Sunday quiet today as the Los An
geles Railway strike went into the
second day.
Although the day began peace
fully, a spectacular collision of
three street cars and outbreaks in
various parts of the city brought in
juries to more than a score of pas
sengers, some critically, and five
motormen and conductors.
Treat Injured
Thirteen of the passengers injured
in the crash were treated at Georgia
Street Receiving Hospital, and ap
proximately ten others taken to the
hospital in ambulances were permit
fed to go home after emergency care.
The crash occurred at Vermont
and Florence Avenues In the south
ern part of the city when a south
bound car smashed into the rear of
another car, which was stalled by a
third car halted by strike sympa
thizers. Most of those injured were
on the last car.
Mob Attacks Crew
The car was stalled when the trol
ley was jerked from the power cable.
A second street car was forced to
stop. The members of the mob then
attacked the crew of an approaching
third street car, the conductor was
pulled off and beaten, the motor
man, apparently in his excitement,
police said, turned on thfe power,
speeding his car into the other two.
Passengers in two cars were hurled
to the floors and into seats as the
front end of the third car and the
rear end of the second one were
telescoped.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 25 {A l ).—
Violence and bloodshed broke the
Sunday quiet today as the Los An
geles Railway strike went into the
second day.
Although the day began peace
fully, a spectacular collision of
three street cars and outbreaks in
various parts of the city brought in
juries to more than a score of pas
sengers, some critically, and five
motormen and conductors.
Treat Injured
Thirteen of the passengers injured
in the crash were treated at Georgia
Street Receiving Hospital, and ap
proximately ten others taken to the
hospital in ambulances were permit
fed to go home after emergency care.
The crash occurred at Vermont
and Florence Avenues In the south
ern part of the city when a south
bound car smashed into the rear of
another car, which was stalled by a
third car halted by strike sympa
thizers. Most of those injured were
on the last car.
Mob Attacks Crew
The car was stalled when the trol
ley was jerked from the power cable.
A second street car was forced to
stop. The members of the mob then
attacked the crew of an approaching
third street car, the conductor was
pulled off and beaten, the motor
man, apparently in his excitement,
police said, turned on thfe power,
speeding his car into the other two.
Passengers in two cars were hurled
to the floors and into seats as the
front end of the third car and the
rear end of the second one were
telescoped.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 25 {A l ).—
Violence and bloodshed broke the
Sunday quiet today as the Los An
geles Railway strike went into the
second day.
Although the day began peace
fully, a spectacular collision of
three street cars and outbreaks in
various parts of the city brought in
juries to more than a score of pas
sengers, some critically, and five
motormen and conductors.
Treat Injured
Thirteen of the passengers injured
in the crash were treated at Georgia
Street Receiving Hospital, and ap
proximately ten others taken to the
hospital in ambulances were permit
fed to go home after emergency care.
The crash occurred at Vermont
and Florence Avenues In the south
ern part of the city when a south
bound car smashed into the rear of
another car, which was stalled by a
third car halted by strike sympa
thizers. Most of those injured were
on the last car.
Mob Attacks Crew
The car was stalled when the trol
ley was jerked from the power cable.
A second street car was forced to
stop. The members of the mob then
attacked the crew of an approaching
third street car, the conductor was
pulled off and beaten, the motor
man, apparently in his excitement,
police said, turned on thfe power,
speeding his car into the other two.
Passengers in two cars were hurled
to the floors and into seats as the
front end of the third car and the
rear end of the second one were
telescoped.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 25 {A l ).—
Violence and bloodshed broke the
Sunday quiet today as the Los An
geles Railway strike went into the
second day.
Although the day began peace
fully, a spectacular collision of
three street cars and outbreaks in
various parts of the city brought in
juries to more than a score of pas
sengers, some critically, and five
motormen and conductors.
Treat Injured
Thirteen of the passengers injured
in the crash were treated at Georgia
Street Receiving Hospital, and ap
proximately ten others taken to the
hospital in ambulances were permit
fed to go home after emergency care.
The crash occurred at Vermont
and Florence Avenues In the south
ern part of the city when a south
bound car smashed into the rear of
another car, which was stalled by a
third car halted by strike sympa
thizers. Most of those injured were
on the last car.
Mob Attacks Crew
The car was stalled when the trol
ley was jerked from the power cable.
A second street car was forced to
stop. The members of the mob then
attacked the crew of an approaching
third street car, the conductor was
pulled off and beaten, the motor
man, apparently in his excitement,
police said, turned on thfe power,
speeding his car into the other two.
Passengers in two cars were hurled
to the floors and into seats as the
front end of the third car and the
rear end of the second one were
telescoped.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 25 {A l ).—
Violence and bloodshed broke the
Sunday quiet today as the Los An
geles Railway strike went into the
second day.
Although the day began peace
fully, a spectacular collision of
three street cars and outbreaks in
various parts of the city brought in
juries to more than a score of pas
sengers, some critically, and five
motormen and conductors.
Treat Injured
Thirteen of the passengers injured
in the crash were treated at Georgia
Street Receiving Hospital, and ap
proximately ten others taken to the
hospital in ambulances were permit
fed to go home after emergency care.
The crash occurred at Vermont
and Florence Avenues In the south
ern part of the city when a south
bound car smashed into the rear of
another car, which was stalled by a
third car halted by strike sympa
thizers. Most of those injured were
on the last car.
Mob Attacks Crew
The car was stalled when the trol
ley was jerked from the power cable.
A second street car was forced to
stop. The members of the mob then
attacked the crew of an approaching
third street car, the conductor was
pulled off and beaten, the motor
man, apparently in his excitement,
police said, turned on thfe power,
speeding his car into the other two.
Passengers in two cars were hurled
to the floors and into seats as the
front end of the third car and the
rear end of the second one were
telescoped.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 25 {A l ).—
Violence and bloodshed broke the
Sunday quiet today as the Los An
geles Railway strike went into the
second day.
Although the day began peace
fully, a spectacular collision of
three street cars and outbreaks in
various parts of the city brought in
juries to more than a score of pas
sengers, some critically, and five
motormen and conductors.
Treat Injured
Thirteen of the passengers injured
in the crash were treated at Georgia
Street Receiving Hospital, and ap
proximately ten others taken to the
hospital in ambulances were permit
fed to go home after emergency care.
The crash occurred at Vermont
and Florence Avenues In the south
ern part of the city when a south
bound car smashed into the rear of
another car, which was stalled by a
third car halted by strike sympa
thizers. Most of those injured were
on the last car.
Mob Attacks Crew
The car was stalled when the trol
ley was jerked from the power cable.
A second street car was forced to
stop. The members of the mob then
attacked the crew of an approaching
third street car, the conductor was
pulled off and beaten, the motor
man, apparently in his excitement,
police said, turned on thfe power,
speeding his car into the other two.
Passengers in two cars were hurled
to the floors and into seats as the
front end of the third car and the
rear end of the second one were
telescoped.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 25 {A l ).—
Violence and bloodshed broke the
Sunday quiet today as the Los An
geles Railway strike went into the
second day.
Although the day began peace
fully, a spectacular collision of
three street cars and outbreaks in
various parts of the city brought in
juries to more than a score of pas
sengers, some critically, and five
motormen and conductors.
Treat Injured
Thirteen of the passengers injured
in the crash were treated at Georgia
Street Receiving Hospital, and ap
proximately ten others taken to the
hospital in ambulances were permit
fed to go home after emergency care.
The crash occurred at Vermont
and Florence Avenues In the south
ern part of the city when a south
bound car smashed into the rear of
another car, which was stalled by a
third car halted by strike sympa
thizers. Most of those injured were
on the last car.
Mob Attacks Crew
The car was stalled when the trol
ley was jerked from the power cable.
A second street car was forced to
stop. The members of the mob then
attacked the crew of an approaching
third street car, the conductor was
pulled off and beaten, the motor
man, apparently in his excitement,
police said, turned on thfe power,
speeding his car into the other two.
Passengers in two cars were hurled
to the floors and into seats as the
front end of the third car and the
rear end of the second one were
telescoped.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 25 {A l ).—
Violence and bloodshed broke the
Sunday quiet today as the Los An
geles Railway strike went into the
second day.
Although the day began peace
fully, a spectacular collision of
three street cars and outbreaks in
various parts of the city brought in
juries to more than a score of pas
sengers, some critically, and five
motormen and conductors.
Treat Injured
Thirteen of the passengers injured
in the crash were treated at Georgia
Street Receiving Hospital, and ap
proximately ten others taken to the
hospital in ambulances were permit
fed to go home after emergency care.
The crash occurred at Vermont
and Florence Avenues In the south
ern part of the city when a south
bound car smashed into the rear of
another car, which was stalled by a
third car halted by strike sympa
thizers. Most of those injured were
on the last car.
Mob Attacks Crew
The car was stalled when the trol
ley was jerked from the power cable.
A second street car was forced to
stop. The members of the mob then
attacked the crew of an approaching
third street car, the conductor was
pulled off and beaten, the motor
man, apparently in his excitement,
police said, turned on thfe power,
speeding his car into the other two.
Passengers in two cars were hurled
to the floors and into seats as the
front end of the third car and the
rear end of the second one were
telescoped.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 25 {A l ).—
Violence and bloodshed broke the
Sunday quiet today as the Los An
geles Railway strike went into the
second day.
Although the day began peace
fully, a spectacular collision of
three street cars and outbreaks in
various parts of the city brought in
juries to more than a score of pas
sengers, some critically, and five
motormen and conductors.
Treat Injured
Thirteen of the passengers injured
in the crash were treated at Georgia
Street Receiving Hospital, and ap
proximately ten others taken to the
hospital in ambulances were permit
fed to go home after emergency care.
The crash occurred at Vermont
and Florence Avenues In the south
ern part of the city when a south
bound car smashed into the rear of
another car, which was stalled by a
third car halted by strike sympa
thizers. Most of those injured were
on the last car.
Mob Attacks Crew
The car was stalled when the trol
ley was jerked from the power cable.
A second street car was forced to
stop. The members of the mob then
attacked the crew of an approaching
third street car, the conductor was
pulled off and beaten, the motor
man, apparently in his excitement,
police said, turned on thfe power,
speeding his car into the other two.
Passengers in two cars were hurled
to the floors and into seats as the
front end of the third car and the
rear end of the second one were
telescoped.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 25 {A l ).—
Violence and bloodshed broke the
Sunday quiet today as the Los An
geles Railway strike went into the
second day.
Although the day began peace
fully, a spectacular collision of
three street cars and outbreaks in
various parts of the city brought in
juries to more than a score of pas
sengers, some critically, and five
motormen and conductors.
Treat Injured
Thirteen of the passengers injured
in the crash were treated at Georgia
Street Receiving Hospital, and ap
proximately ten others taken to the
hospital in ambulances were permit
fed to go home after emergency care.
The crash occurred at Vermont
and Florence Avenues In the south
ern part of the city when a south
bound car smashed into the rear of
another car, which was stalled by a
third car halted by strike sympa
thizers. Most of those injured were
on the last car.
Mob Attacks Crew
The car was stalled when the trol
ley was jerked from the power cable.
A second street car was forced to
stop. The members of the mob then
attacked the crew of an approaching
third street car, the conductor was
pulled off and beaten, the motor
man, apparently in his excitement,
police said, turned on thfe power,
speeding his car into the other two.
Passengers in two cars were hurled
to the floors and into seats as the
front end of the third car and the
rear end of the second one were
telescoped.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 25 {A l ).—
Violence and bloodshed broke the
Sunday quiet today as the Los An
geles Railway strike went into the
second day.
Although the day began peace
fully, a spectacular collision of
three street cars and outbreaks in
various parts of the city brought in
juries to more than a score of pas
sengers, some critically, and five
motormen and conductors.
Treat Injured
Thirteen of the passengers injured
in the crash were treated at Georgia
Street Receiving Hospital, and ap
proximately ten others taken to the
hospital in ambulances were permit
fed to go home after emergency care.
The crash occurred at Vermont
and Florence Avenues In the south
ern part of the city when a south
bound car smashed into the rear of
another car, which was stalled by a
third car halted by strike sympa
thizers. Most of those injured were
on the last car.
Mob Attacks Crew
The car was stalled when the trol
ley was jerked from the power cable.
A second street car was forced to
stop. The members of the mob then
attacked the crew of an approaching
third street car, the conductor was
pulled off and beaten, the motor
man, apparently in his excitement,
police said, turned on thfe power,
speeding his car into the other two.
Passengers in two cars were hurled
to the floors and into seats as the
front end of the third car and the
rear end of the second one were
telescoped.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 25 {A l ).—
Violence and bloodshed broke the
Sunday quiet today as the Los An
geles Railway strike went into the
second day.
Although the day began peace
fully, a spectacular collision of
three street cars and outbreaks in
various parts of the city brought in
juries to more than a score of pas
sengers, some critically, and five
motormen and conductors.
Treat Injured
Thirteen of the passengers injured
in the crash were treated at Georgia
Street Receiving Hospital, and ap
proximately ten others taken to the
hospital in ambulances were permit
fed to go home after emergency care.
The crash occurred at Vermont
and Florence Avenues In the south
ern part of the city when a south
bound car smashed into the rear of
another car, which was stalled by a
third car halted by strike sympa
thizers. Most of those injured were
on the last car.
Mob Attacks Crew
The car was stalled when the trol
ley was jerked from the power cable.
A second street car was forced to
stop. The members of the mob then
attacked the crew of an approaching
third street car, the conductor was
pulled off and beaten, the motor
man, apparently in his excitement,
police said, turned on thfe power,
speeding his car into the other two.
Passengers in two cars were hurled
to the floors and into seats as the
front end of the third car and the
rear end of the second one were
telescoped.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 25 {A l ).—
Violence and bloodshed broke the
Sunday quiet today as the Los An
geles Railway strike went into the
second day.
Although the day began peace
fully, a spectacular collision of
three street cars and outbreaks in
various parts of the city brought in
juries to more than a score of pas
sengers, some critically, and five
motormen and conductors.
Treat Injured
Thirteen of the passengers injured
in the crash were treated at Georgia
Street Receiving Hospital, and ap
proximately ten others taken to the
hospital in ambulances were permit
fed to go home after emergency care.
The crash occurred at Vermont
and Florence Avenues In the south
ern part of the city when a south
bound car smashed into the rear of
another car, which was stalled by a
third car halted by strike sympa
thizers. Most of those injured were
on the last car.
Mob Attacks Crew
The car was stalled when the trol
ley was jerked from the power cable.
A second street car was forced to
stop. The members of the mob then
attacked the crew of an approaching
third street car, the conductor was
pulled off and beaten, the motor
man, apparently in his excitement,
police said, turned on thfe power,
speeding his car into the other two.
Passengers in two cars were hurled
to the floors and into seats as the
front end of the third car and the
rear end of the second one were
telescoped.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 25 {A l ).—
Violence and bloodshed broke the
Sunday quiet today as the Los An
geles Railway strike went into the
second day.
Although the day began peace
fully, a spectacular collision of
three street cars and outbreaks in
various parts of the city brought in
juries to more than a score of pas
sengers, some critically, and five
motormen and conductors.
Treat Injured
Thirteen of the passengers injured
in the crash were treated at Georgia
Street Receiving Hospital, and ap
proximately ten others taken to the
hospital in ambulances were permit
fed to go home after emergency care.
The crash occurred at Vermont
and Florence Avenues In the south
ern part of the city when a south
bound car smashed into the rear of
another car, which was stalled by a
third car halted by strike sympa
thizers. Most of those injured were
on the last car.
Mob Attacks Crew
The car was stalled when the trol
ley was jerked from the power cable.
A second street car was forced to
stop. The members of the mob then
attacked the crew of an approaching
third street car, the conductor was
pulled off and beaten, the motor
man, apparently in his excitement,
police said, turned on thfe power,
speeding his car into the other two.
Passengers in two cars were hurled
to the floors and into seats as the
front end of the third car and the
rear end of the second one were
telescoped.
