# New Room for Journalists
## 
### 
Journalism students will be inter
ested to know that room I'OO A in the
English basement is now ready for
use. A telephone lias been installed
and five typewriters have been se
cured for the use of students. Tech
nical newspaper journals and campus
and Palo Alto publications will be
kept on lile in this room, which was
furnished primarily for Professor E.
W. Smith's journal classes, and sec
ondarily as a meeting place for all
students interested in journal, news
paper and correspondence work.
Journalism students will be inter
ested to know that room I'OO A in the
English basement is now ready for
use. A telephone lias been installed
and five typewriters have been se
cured for the use of students. Tech
nical newspaper journals and campus
and Palo Alto publications will be
kept on lile in this room, which was
furnished primarily for Professor E.
W. Smith's journal classes, and sec
ondarily as a meeting place for all
students interested in journal, news
paper and correspondence work.
Journalism students will be inter
ested to know that room I'OO A in the
English basement is now ready for
use. A telephone lias been installed
and five typewriters have been se
cured for the use of students. Tech
nical newspaper journals and campus
and Palo Alto publications will be
kept on lile in this room, which was
furnished primarily for Professor E.
W. Smith's journal classes, and sec
ondarily as a meeting place for all
students interested in journal, news
paper and correspondence work.
Journalism students will be inter
ested to know that room I'OO A in the
English basement is now ready for
use. A telephone lias been installed
and five typewriters have been se
cured for the use of students. Tech
nical newspaper journals and campus
and Palo Alto publications will be
kept on lile in this room, which was
furnished primarily for Professor E.
W. Smith's journal classes, and sec
ondarily as a meeting place for all
students interested in journal, news
paper and correspondence work.
Journalism students will be inter
ested to know that room I'OO A in the
English basement is now ready for
use. A telephone lias been installed
and five typewriters have been se
cured for the use of students. Tech
nical newspaper journals and campus
and Palo Alto publications will be
kept on lile in this room, which was
furnished primarily for Professor E.
W. Smith's journal classes, and sec
ondarily as a meeting place for all
students interested in journal, news
paper and correspondence work.
Journalism students will be inter
ested to know that room I'OO A in the
English basement is now ready for
use. A telephone lias been installed
and five typewriters have been se
cured for the use of students. Tech
nical newspaper journals and campus
and Palo Alto publications will be
kept on lile in this room, which was
furnished primarily for Professor E.
W. Smith's journal classes, and sec
ondarily as a meeting place for all
students interested in journal, news
paper and correspondence work.
Journalism students will be inter
ested to know that room I'OO A in the
English basement is now ready for
use. A telephone lias been installed
and five typewriters have been se
cured for the use of students. Tech
nical newspaper journals and campus
and Palo Alto publications will be
kept on lile in this room, which was
furnished primarily for Professor E.
W. Smith's journal classes, and sec
ondarily as a meeting place for all
students interested in journal, news
paper and correspondence work.
Journalism students will be inter
ested to know that room I'OO A in the
English basement is now ready for
use. A telephone lias been installed
and five typewriters have been se
cured for the use of students. Tech
nical newspaper journals and campus
and Palo Alto publications will be
kept on lile in this room, which was
furnished primarily for Professor E.
W. Smith's journal classes, and sec
ondarily as a meeting place for all
students interested in journal, news
paper and correspondence work.
Journalism students will be inter
ested to know that room I'OO A in the
English basement is now ready for
use. A telephone lias been installed
and five typewriters have been se
cured for the use of students. Tech
nical newspaper journals and campus
and Palo Alto publications will be
kept on lile in this room, which was
furnished primarily for Professor E.
W. Smith's journal classes, and sec
ondarily as a meeting place for all
students interested in journal, news
paper and correspondence work.
Journalism students will be inter
ested to know that room I'OO A in the
English basement is now ready for
use. A telephone lias been installed
and five typewriters have been se
cured for the use of students. Tech
nical newspaper journals and campus
and Palo Alto publications will be
kept on lile in this room, which was
furnished primarily for Professor E.
W. Smith's journal classes, and sec
ondarily as a meeting place for all
students interested in journal, news
paper and correspondence work.
Journalism students will be inter
ested to know that room I'OO A in the
English basement is now ready for
use. A telephone lias been installed
and five typewriters have been se
cured for the use of students. Tech
nical newspaper journals and campus
and Palo Alto publications will be
kept on lile in this room, which was
furnished primarily for Professor E.
W. Smith's journal classes, and sec
ondarily as a meeting place for all
students interested in journal, news
paper and correspondence work.
Journalism students will be inter
ested to know that room I'OO A in the
English basement is now ready for
use. A telephone lias been installed
and five typewriters have been se
cured for the use of students. Tech
nical newspaper journals and campus
and Palo Alto publications will be
kept on lile in this room, which was
furnished primarily for Professor E.
W. Smith's journal classes, and sec
ondarily as a meeting place for all
students interested in journal, news
paper and correspondence work.
Journalism students will be inter
ested to know that room I'OO A in the
English basement is now ready for
use. A telephone lias been installed
and five typewriters have been se
cured for the use of students. Tech
nical newspaper journals and campus
and Palo Alto publications will be
kept on lile in this room, which was
furnished primarily for Professor E.
W. Smith's journal classes, and sec
ondarily as a meeting place for all
students interested in journal, news
paper and correspondence work.
Journalism students will be inter
ested to know that room I'OO A in the
English basement is now ready for
use. A telephone lias been installed
and five typewriters have been se
cured for the use of students. Tech
nical newspaper journals and campus
and Palo Alto publications will be
kept on lile in this room, which was
furnished primarily for Professor E.
W. Smith's journal classes, and sec
ondarily as a meeting place for all
students interested in journal, news
paper and correspondence work.
