# Rival Journalists to Banquet in City
## 
### 
Literary lights of Stanford and Cali
fornia will shine on neutral ground,
next Saturday evening, when tlie men
on the staffs of The Daily Palo Alto,
The Daily Californian, Chaparral,
Pelican, Sequoia, Occident, Quad, Blue
and Gold, and other college publica
tions, meet across the table in Kess
ler's, on California street, San Fran
cisco. In strict keeping with neutral
ity, the treat will be "dutch."
This intercollegiate journalistic
get-together will be announced on the
program as the "first annual" affair
of its kind. Chaparral and Pelican,
who almost held a joint "banquet " a
year ago, are responsible for the idea
of bringing together the literary tal
ent of both colleges. It is expected
that over a hundred hungry delegates
will be on hand to exchange their
ideas for others and their appetites
for Pop Kessler's best.
For those whose minds turn toward
peace and politics it may be wise
to say that intercollegiate relations,
agreements, disagreements, etcetera,
will be taboo as subjects of friendly
discourse. "Eat, drink, and be merry,
for tomorrow we die â€”maybe," will be
the slogan on the eventful evening of
January 22.
