# Untitled Article
## 
### 
C. M. Vrang, '13, was a recent visi
tor on the campus. He lias been en
gaged in mining in British Columbia.
C. M. Vrang, '13, was a recent visi
tor on the campus. He lias been en
gaged in mining in British Columbia.
C. M. Vrang, '13, was a recent visi
tor on the campus. He lias been en
gaged in mining in British Columbia.
C. M. Vrang, '13, was a recent visi
tor on the campus. He lias been en
gaged in mining in British Columbia.
C. M. Vrang, '13, was a recent visi
tor on the campus. He lias been en
gaged in mining in British Columbia.
C. M. Vrang, '13, was a recent visi
tor on the campus. He lias been en
gaged in mining in British Columbia.
C. M. Vrang, '13, was a recent visi
tor on the campus. He lias been en
gaged in mining in British Columbia.
C. M. Vrang, '13, was a recent visi
tor on the campus. He lias been en
gaged in mining in British Columbia.
C. M. Vrang, '13, was a recent visi
tor on the campus. He lias been en
gaged in mining in British Columbia.
C. M. Vrang, '13, was a recent visi
tor on the campus. He lias been en
gaged in mining in British Columbia.
C. M. Vrang, '13, was a recent visi
tor on the campus. He lias been en
gaged in mining in British Columbia.
C. M. Vrang, '13, was a recent visi
tor on the campus. He lias been en
gaged in mining in British Columbia.
C. M. Vrang, '13, was a recent visi
tor on the campus. He lias been en
gaged in mining in British Columbia.
C. M. Vrang, '13, was a recent visi
tor on the campus. He lias been en
gaged in mining in British Columbia.
