# SEASON TICKETS ON SALE
## 
### 
(•nidnale Manauer E. C. IJelirens
announces (lint season tickets are
now on sale at liis office in tlic
IH io ii for the couiiiiir semester.
All refunds on tickets to students
not returning must lie applied for
at once.
(•nidnale Manauer E. C. IJelirens
announces (lint season tickets are
now on sale at liis office in tlic
IH io ii for the couiiiiir semester.
All refunds on tickets to students
not returning must lie applied for
at once.
(•nidnale Manauer E. C. IJelirens
announces (lint season tickets are
now on sale at liis office in tlic
IH io ii for the couiiiiir semester.
All refunds on tickets to students
not returning must lie applied for
at once.
(•nidnale Manauer E. C. IJelirens
announces (lint season tickets are
now on sale at liis office in tlic
IH io ii for the couiiiiir semester.
All refunds on tickets to students
not returning must lie applied for
at once.
(•nidnale Manauer E. C. IJelirens
announces (lint season tickets are
now on sale at liis office in tlic
IH io ii for the couiiiiir semester.
All refunds on tickets to students
not returning must lie applied for
at once.
(•nidnale Manauer E. C. IJelirens
announces (lint season tickets are
now on sale at liis office in tlic
IH io ii for the couiiiiir semester.
All refunds on tickets to students
not returning must lie applied for
at once.
(•nidnale Manauer E. C. IJelirens
announces (lint season tickets are
now on sale at liis office in tlic
IH io ii for the couiiiiir semester.
All refunds on tickets to students
not returning must lie applied for
at once.
(•nidnale Manauer E. C. IJelirens
announces (lint season tickets are
now on sale at liis office in tlic
IH io ii for the couiiiiir semester.
All refunds on tickets to students
not returning must lie applied for
at once.
(•nidnale Manauer E. C. IJelirens
announces (lint season tickets are
now on sale at liis office in tlic
IH io ii for the couiiiiir semester.
All refunds on tickets to students
not returning must lie applied for
at once.
(•nidnale Manauer E. C. IJelirens
announces (lint season tickets are
now on sale at liis office in tlic
IH io ii for the couiiiiir semester.
All refunds on tickets to students
not returning must lie applied for
at once.
(•nidnale Manauer E. C. IJelirens
announces (lint season tickets are
now on sale at liis office in tlic
IH io ii for the couiiiiir semester.
All refunds on tickets to students
not returning must lie applied for
at once.
(•nidnale Manauer E. C. IJelirens
announces (lint season tickets are
now on sale at liis office in tlic
IH io ii for the couiiiiir semester.
All refunds on tickets to students
not returning must lie applied for
at once.
(•nidnale Manauer E. C. IJelirens
announces (lint season tickets are
now on sale at liis office in tlic
IH io ii for the couiiiiir semester.
All refunds on tickets to students
not returning must lie applied for
at once.
(•nidnale Manauer E. C. IJelirens
announces (lint season tickets are
now on sale at liis office in tlic
IH io ii for the couiiiiir semester.
All refunds on tickets to students
not returning must lie applied for
at once.
