# Stanford Masonic Team Confers Third Degree
## 
### 
The degree team of the Stanford
Masonic Club conferred the third de
gree of Masonry on Clifford Bunds at
Liberty Lodge, Number 299, Santa
Clara, last Saturday night. Bunds is
a Stanford man and a former member
of Cardinal wrestling teams. Inspec
tor English complimented the Stan
ford team upon their work.
following the ceremonies, Liberty
Lodge served a banquet for the Stan
ford men.
The degree team of the Stanford
Masonic Club conferred the third de
gree of Masonry on Clifford Bunds at
Liberty Lodge, Number 299, Santa
Clara, last Saturday night. Bunds is
a Stanford man and a former member
of Cardinal wrestling teams. Inspec
tor English complimented the Stan
ford team upon their work.
following the ceremonies, Liberty
Lodge served a banquet for the Stan
ford men.
The degree team of the Stanford
Masonic Club conferred the third de
gree of Masonry on Clifford Bunds at
Liberty Lodge, Number 299, Santa
Clara, last Saturday night. Bunds is
a Stanford man and a former member
of Cardinal wrestling teams. Inspec
tor English complimented the Stan
ford team upon their work.
following the ceremonies, Liberty
Lodge served a banquet for the Stan
ford men.
The degree team of the Stanford
Masonic Club conferred the third de
gree of Masonry on Clifford Bunds at
Liberty Lodge, Number 299, Santa
Clara, last Saturday night. Bunds is
a Stanford man and a former member
of Cardinal wrestling teams. Inspec
tor English complimented the Stan
ford team upon their work.
following the ceremonies, Liberty
Lodge served a banquet for the Stan
ford men.
The degree team of the Stanford
Masonic Club conferred the third de
gree of Masonry on Clifford Bunds at
Liberty Lodge, Number 299, Santa
Clara, last Saturday night. Bunds is
a Stanford man and a former member
of Cardinal wrestling teams. Inspec
tor English complimented the Stan
ford team upon their work.
following the ceremonies, Liberty
Lodge served a banquet for the Stan
ford men.
The degree team of the Stanford
Masonic Club conferred the third de
gree of Masonry on Clifford Bunds at
Liberty Lodge, Number 299, Santa
Clara, last Saturday night. Bunds is
a Stanford man and a former member
of Cardinal wrestling teams. Inspec
tor English complimented the Stan
ford team upon their work.
following the ceremonies, Liberty
Lodge served a banquet for the Stan
ford men.
The degree team of the Stanford
Masonic Club conferred the third de
gree of Masonry on Clifford Bunds at
Liberty Lodge, Number 299, Santa
Clara, last Saturday night. Bunds is
a Stanford man and a former member
of Cardinal wrestling teams. Inspec
tor English complimented the Stan
ford team upon their work.
following the ceremonies, Liberty
Lodge served a banquet for the Stan
ford men.
The degree team of the Stanford
Masonic Club conferred the third de
gree of Masonry on Clifford Bunds at
Liberty Lodge, Number 299, Santa
Clara, last Saturday night. Bunds is
a Stanford man and a former member
of Cardinal wrestling teams. Inspec
tor English complimented the Stan
ford team upon their work.
following the ceremonies, Liberty
Lodge served a banquet for the Stan
ford men.
The degree team of the Stanford
Masonic Club conferred the third de
gree of Masonry on Clifford Bunds at
Liberty Lodge, Number 299, Santa
Clara, last Saturday night. Bunds is
a Stanford man and a former member
of Cardinal wrestling teams. Inspec
tor English complimented the Stan
ford team upon their work.
following the ceremonies, Liberty
Lodge served a banquet for the Stan
ford men.
The degree team of the Stanford
Masonic Club conferred the third de
gree of Masonry on Clifford Bunds at
Liberty Lodge, Number 299, Santa
Clara, last Saturday night. Bunds is
a Stanford man and a former member
of Cardinal wrestling teams. Inspec
tor English complimented the Stan
ford team upon their work.
following the ceremonies, Liberty
Lodge served a banquet for the Stan
ford men.
The degree team of the Stanford
Masonic Club conferred the third de
gree of Masonry on Clifford Bunds at
Liberty Lodge, Number 299, Santa
Clara, last Saturday night. Bunds is
a Stanford man and a former member
of Cardinal wrestling teams. Inspec
tor English complimented the Stan
ford team upon their work.
following the ceremonies, Liberty
Lodge served a banquet for the Stan
ford men.
The degree team of the Stanford
Masonic Club conferred the third de
gree of Masonry on Clifford Bunds at
Liberty Lodge, Number 299, Santa
Clara, last Saturday night. Bunds is
a Stanford man and a former member
of Cardinal wrestling teams. Inspec
tor English complimented the Stan
ford team upon their work.
following the ceremonies, Liberty
Lodge served a banquet for the Stan
ford men.
The degree team of the Stanford
Masonic Club conferred the third de
gree of Masonry on Clifford Bunds at
Liberty Lodge, Number 299, Santa
Clara, last Saturday night. Bunds is
a Stanford man and a former member
of Cardinal wrestling teams. Inspec
tor English complimented the Stan
ford team upon their work.
following the ceremonies, Liberty
Lodge served a banquet for the Stan
ford men.
The degree team of the Stanford
Masonic Club conferred the third de
gree of Masonry on Clifford Bunds at
Liberty Lodge, Number 299, Santa
Clara, last Saturday night. Bunds is
a Stanford man and a former member
of Cardinal wrestling teams. Inspec
tor English complimented the Stan
ford team upon their work.
following the ceremonies, Liberty
Lodge served a banquet for the Stan
ford men.
