# BABE TENNIS TEAM LOSES FIVE MATCHES
## 
### 
The babe tennis team lost all five
matches to the California freshmen Sat
urday.
The babe tennis team lost all five
matches to the California freshmen Sat
urday.
The babe tennis team lost all five
matches to the California freshmen Sat
urday.
The babe tennis team lost all five
matches to the California freshmen Sat
urday.
The babe tennis team lost all five
matches to the California freshmen Sat
urday.
The babe tennis team lost all five
matches to the California freshmen Sat
urday.
The babe tennis team lost all five
matches to the California freshmen Sat
urday.
The babe tennis team lost all five
matches to the California freshmen Sat
urday.
The babe tennis team lost all five
matches to the California freshmen Sat
urday.
The babe tennis team lost all five
matches to the California freshmen Sat
urday.
The babe tennis team lost all five
matches to the California freshmen Sat
urday.
The babe tennis team lost all five
matches to the California freshmen Sat
urday.
The babe tennis team lost all five
matches to the California freshmen Sat
urday.
The babe tennis team lost all five
matches to the California freshmen Sat
urday.
