# STANFORD TENNIS SQUAD WILL MEET BLUE AND GOLD
## Annual Dual Tourney to Be Teld Saturday at Berkeley; California Squad Unknown 
### 
Stanford will meet the California
racquet squad in the annual dual
tournament Saturday afternoon on the
Berkeley courts. The matches will
fo.m a part of the athletic program
to be played by the Blue and Gold
on that day and are scheduled so that
everyone will be able to see the Mis
souri-California track meet and the
baseball game.
Captain Phil Neer and Jimmy Davies
will play number one and two po
sitions on the Cardinal squad, while
competition is being carried on this
week to determine the other three po
sitions on the team. Five singles and
two doubles matches will be played
in the tourney, the tournament going
to the squad taking the majority of
the bouts. Dick Hinckley, captain of
the 1924 freshman team and at one
time junior doubles champion, is show
ing up well in practice and will prob
ably be one of the other three picked
to play against the Bruins. Ted
Mertz, Norman Deback, Ford Tussing,
Dave Mannoccir, Jacie Neer and B.
Leeds are contesting for the remain
ing jobs on the squad.
The California squad does not look
as strong as the 1921 aggregation,
Bates being the only veteran left.
Levy was lost last spring by gradua
tion while Ray Casey and Irving
Weinstein dropped out this year.
Several new men have been playing
with the Blue and Gold team in the
University and Club league but not
much is known of their ability. Jen
sen and White, former Idaho champi
ons, are among the leaders on the
California squad.
Phil Neer and Jimmy Davies will
face Wallace Bates in the opening
singles match of the tournament. Both
Cardinal players defeated the Cali-
fornia captain last year, Davies win
ning from him in the Pacific Coast
Conference tourney while Neer de
feated him in the National Intercol
legiate championships. Hates, how
ever, has shown a big improvement
over last year and last month sprang
a big surprise by defeating William
Johnston, former National Champion,
in a University and Club league
match.
The first doubles match should go
to Stanford. Neer and Davies are in
excellent form now and in an exhi
bition play, with Bates and Weinstein
last Thursday, defeated the two Penin
sula stars with ease, by taking four
out of five sets. The second doubles
team to represent Stanford, Satur
day, has not been picked yet but will
probably be composed of Hinckley and
Mertz.
