# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
THE BUSINESS
STAFF
of
The Stanford Daily
offers you the
opportunity
to try out for
SALARIED
POSITIONS
• Drop in the "Biz" office
of the Daily Shack be
tween 1 and 5, Tuesday
Through Friday.
THE BUSINESS
STAFF
of
The Stanford Daily
offers you the
opportunity
to try out for
SALARIED
POSITIONS
• Drop in the "Biz" office
of the Daily Shack be
tween 1 and 5, Tuesday
Through Friday.
THE BUSINESS
STAFF
of
The Stanford Daily
offers you the
opportunity
to try out for
SALARIED
POSITIONS
• Drop in the "Biz" office
of the Daily Shack be
tween 1 and 5, Tuesday
Through Friday.
THE BUSINESS
STAFF
of
The Stanford Daily
offers you the
opportunity
to try out for
SALARIED
POSITIONS
• Drop in the "Biz" office
of the Daily Shack be
tween 1 and 5, Tuesday
Through Friday.
THE BUSINESS
STAFF
of
The Stanford Daily
offers you the
opportunity
to try out for
SALARIED
POSITIONS
• Drop in the "Biz" office
of the Daily Shack be
tween 1 and 5, Tuesday
Through Friday.
THE BUSINESS
STAFF
of
The Stanford Daily
offers you the
opportunity
to try out for
SALARIED
POSITIONS
• Drop in the "Biz" office
of the Daily Shack be
tween 1 and 5, Tuesday
Through Friday.
THE BUSINESS
STAFF
of
The Stanford Daily
offers you the
opportunity
to try out for
SALARIED
POSITIONS
• Drop in the "Biz" office
of the Daily Shack be
tween 1 and 5, Tuesday
Through Friday.
THE BUSINESS
STAFF
of
The Stanford Daily
offers you the
opportunity
to try out for
SALARIED
POSITIONS
• Drop in the "Biz" office
of the Daily Shack be
tween 1 and 5, Tuesday
Through Friday.
THE BUSINESS
STAFF
of
The Stanford Daily
offers you the
opportunity
to try out for
SALARIED
POSITIONS
• Drop in the "Biz" office
of the Daily Shack be
tween 1 and 5, Tuesday
Through Friday.
THE BUSINESS
STAFF
of
The Stanford Daily
offers you the
opportunity
to try out for
SALARIED
POSITIONS
• Drop in the "Biz" office
of the Daily Shack be
tween 1 and 5, Tuesday
Through Friday.
THE BUSINESS
STAFF
of
The Stanford Daily
offers you the
opportunity
to try out for
SALARIED
POSITIONS
• Drop in the "Biz" office
of the Daily Shack be
tween 1 and 5, Tuesday
Through Friday.
THE BUSINESS
STAFF
of
The Stanford Daily
offers you the
opportunity
to try out for
SALARIED
POSITIONS
• Drop in the "Biz" office
of the Daily Shack be
tween 1 and 5, Tuesday
Through Friday.
THE BUSINESS
STAFF
of
The Stanford Daily
offers you the
opportunity
to try out for
SALARIED
POSITIONS
• Drop in the "Biz" office
of the Daily Shack be
tween 1 and 5, Tuesday
Through Friday.
THE BUSINESS
STAFF
of
The Stanford Daily
offers you the
opportunity
to try out for
SALARIED
POSITIONS
• Drop in the "Biz" office
of the Daily Shack be
tween 1 and 5, Tuesday
Through Friday.
THE BUSINESS
STAFF
of
The Stanford Daily
offers you the
opportunity
to try out for
SALARIED
POSITIONS
• Drop in the "Biz" office
of the Daily Shack be
tween 1 and 5, Tuesday
Through Friday.
THE BUSINESS
STAFF
of
The Stanford Daily
offers you the
opportunity
to try out for
SALARIED
POSITIONS
• Drop in the "Biz" office
of the Daily Shack be
tween 1 and 5, Tuesday
Through Friday.
