# SIDELINE SLANTS...
## 
### ROGER CORMAN 
Elsewhere on this page is the story
of Johnny Fulton's trip East. When
he competes for the championship of
the United States, he will not be
competing as a Stanford representa
tive, but either as a runner for the
Olympic Club or as an unattached
athlete.
National champ in his event and
one of the best all around middle
distance men in the country — a
credit to his college—yet this man
isn't even permitted to enter a
tourney as a Stanford man. The ex
penses for his trip are being paid by
the A.A.U., so it would cost nothing
to have him carry the cardinal into
competition. The reason given for
his not doing so is that it would
break our policy of no inter-colle
giate sports for the duration.
What is so sacred about this policy
that it prevents one of Stanford's
best athletes from competing as a
Stanford man? Who formulated this
policy in the first place? Did the
athletes themselves and the student
body support it? No, the students
didn't, support it because they never
had a chance to support it or oppose
it. The people most concerned were
never even consulted when it was
decided to bar sports for the dura
tion.
As a consequence, our men must
choose between competing inde
pendently, or not competing at all
in sports for which they have pre
pared themselves for as much as
seven or eight years, because the
University doesn't think they are
capable of representing it.
Elsewhere on this page is the story
of Johnny Fulton's trip East. When
he competes for the championship of
the United States, he will not be
competing as a Stanford representa
tive, but either as a runner for the
Olympic Club or as an unattached
athlete.
National champ in his event and
one of the best all around middle
distance men in the country — a
credit to his college—yet this man
isn't even permitted to enter a
tourney as a Stanford man. The ex
penses for his trip are being paid by
the A.A.U., so it would cost nothing
to have him carry the cardinal into
competition. The reason given for
his not doing so is that it would
break our policy of no inter-colle
giate sports for the duration.
What is so sacred about this policy
that it prevents one of Stanford's
best athletes from competing as a
Stanford man? Who formulated this
policy in the first place? Did the
athletes themselves and the student
body support it? No, the students
didn't, support it because they never
had a chance to support it or oppose
it. The people most concerned were
never even consulted when it was
decided to bar sports for the dura
tion.
As a consequence, our men must
choose between competing inde
pendently, or not competing at all
in sports for which they have pre
pared themselves for as much as
seven or eight years, because the
University doesn't think they are
capable of representing it.
Elsewhere on this page is the story
of Johnny Fulton's trip East. When
he competes for the championship of
the United States, he will not be
competing as a Stanford representa
tive, but either as a runner for the
Olympic Club or as an unattached
athlete.
National champ in his event and
one of the best all around middle
distance men in the country — a
credit to his college—yet this man
isn't even permitted to enter a
tourney as a Stanford man. The ex
penses for his trip are being paid by
the A.A.U., so it would cost nothing
to have him carry the cardinal into
competition. The reason given for
his not doing so is that it would
break our policy of no inter-colle
giate sports for the duration.
What is so sacred about this policy
that it prevents one of Stanford's
best athletes from competing as a
Stanford man? Who formulated this
policy in the first place? Did the
athletes themselves and the student
body support it? No, the students
didn't, support it because they never
had a chance to support it or oppose
it. The people most concerned were
never even consulted when it was
decided to bar sports for the dura
tion.
As a consequence, our men must
choose between competing inde
pendently, or not competing at all
in sports for which they have pre
pared themselves for as much as
seven or eight years, because the
University doesn't think they are
capable of representing it.
Elsewhere on this page is the story
of Johnny Fulton's trip East. When
he competes for the championship of
the United States, he will not be
competing as a Stanford representa
tive, but either as a runner for the
Olympic Club or as an unattached
athlete.
National champ in his event and
one of the best all around middle
distance men in the country — a
credit to his college—yet this man
isn't even permitted to enter a
tourney as a Stanford man. The ex
penses for his trip are being paid by
the A.A.U., so it would cost nothing
to have him carry the cardinal into
competition. The reason given for
his not doing so is that it would
break our policy of no inter-colle
giate sports for the duration.
What is so sacred about this policy
that it prevents one of Stanford's
best athletes from competing as a
Stanford man? Who formulated this
policy in the first place? Did the
athletes themselves and the student
body support it? No, the students
didn't, support it because they never
had a chance to support it or oppose
it. The people most concerned were
never even consulted when it was
decided to bar sports for the dura
tion.
As a consequence, our men must
choose between competing inde
pendently, or not competing at all
in sports for which they have pre
pared themselves for as much as
seven or eight years, because the
University doesn't think they are
capable of representing it.
Elsewhere on this page is the story
of Johnny Fulton's trip East. When
he competes for the championship of
the United States, he will not be
competing as a Stanford representa
tive, but either as a runner for the
Olympic Club or as an unattached
athlete.
National champ in his event and
one of the best all around middle
distance men in the country — a
credit to his college—yet this man
isn't even permitted to enter a
tourney as a Stanford man. The ex
penses for his trip are being paid by
the A.A.U., so it would cost nothing
to have him carry the cardinal into
competition. The reason given for
his not doing so is that it would
break our policy of no inter-colle
giate sports for the duration.
What is so sacred about this policy
that it prevents one of Stanford's
best athletes from competing as a
Stanford man? Who formulated this
policy in the first place? Did the
athletes themselves and the student
body support it? No, the students
didn't, support it because they never
had a chance to support it or oppose
it. The people most concerned were
never even consulted when it was
decided to bar sports for the dura
tion.
As a consequence, our men must
choose between competing inde
pendently, or not competing at all
in sports for which they have pre
pared themselves for as much as
seven or eight years, because the
University doesn't think they are
capable of representing it.
Elsewhere on this page is the story
of Johnny Fulton's trip East. When
he competes for the championship of
the United States, he will not be
competing as a Stanford representa
tive, but either as a runner for the
Olympic Club or as an unattached
athlete.
National champ in his event and
one of the best all around middle
distance men in the country — a
credit to his college—yet this man
isn't even permitted to enter a
tourney as a Stanford man. The ex
penses for his trip are being paid by
the A.A.U., so it would cost nothing
to have him carry the cardinal into
competition. The reason given for
his not doing so is that it would
break our policy of no inter-colle
giate sports for the duration.
What is so sacred about this policy
that it prevents one of Stanford's
best athletes from competing as a
Stanford man? Who formulated this
policy in the first place? Did the
athletes themselves and the student
body support it? No, the students
didn't, support it because they never
had a chance to support it or oppose
it. The people most concerned were
never even consulted when it was
decided to bar sports for the dura
tion.
As a consequence, our men must
choose between competing inde
pendently, or not competing at all
in sports for which they have pre
pared themselves for as much as
seven or eight years, because the
University doesn't think they are
capable of representing it.
Elsewhere on this page is the story
of Johnny Fulton's trip East. When
he competes for the championship of
the United States, he will not be
competing as a Stanford representa
tive, but either as a runner for the
Olympic Club or as an unattached
athlete.
National champ in his event and
one of the best all around middle
distance men in the country — a
credit to his college—yet this man
isn't even permitted to enter a
tourney as a Stanford man. The ex
penses for his trip are being paid by
the A.A.U., so it would cost nothing
to have him carry the cardinal into
competition. The reason given for
his not doing so is that it would
break our policy of no inter-colle
giate sports for the duration.
What is so sacred about this policy
that it prevents one of Stanford's
best athletes from competing as a
Stanford man? Who formulated this
policy in the first place? Did the
athletes themselves and the student
body support it? No, the students
didn't, support it because they never
had a chance to support it or oppose
it. The people most concerned were
never even consulted when it was
decided to bar sports for the dura
tion.
As a consequence, our men must
choose between competing inde
pendently, or not competing at all
in sports for which they have pre
pared themselves for as much as
seven or eight years, because the
University doesn't think they are
capable of representing it.
Elsewhere on this page is the story
of Johnny Fulton's trip East. When
he competes for the championship of
the United States, he will not be
competing as a Stanford representa
tive, but either as a runner for the
Olympic Club or as an unattached
athlete.
National champ in his event and
one of the best all around middle
distance men in the country — a
credit to his college—yet this man
isn't even permitted to enter a
tourney as a Stanford man. The ex
penses for his trip are being paid by
the A.A.U., so it would cost nothing
to have him carry the cardinal into
competition. The reason given for
his not doing so is that it would
break our policy of no inter-colle
giate sports for the duration.
What is so sacred about this policy
that it prevents one of Stanford's
best athletes from competing as a
Stanford man? Who formulated this
policy in the first place? Did the
athletes themselves and the student
body support it? No, the students
didn't, support it because they never
had a chance to support it or oppose
it. The people most concerned were
never even consulted when it was
decided to bar sports for the dura
tion.
As a consequence, our men must
choose between competing inde
pendently, or not competing at all
in sports for which they have pre
pared themselves for as much as
seven or eight years, because the
University doesn't think they are
capable of representing it.
Elsewhere on this page is the story
of Johnny Fulton's trip East. When
he competes for the championship of
the United States, he will not be
competing as a Stanford representa
tive, but either as a runner for the
Olympic Club or as an unattached
athlete.
National champ in his event and
one of the best all around middle
distance men in the country — a
credit to his college—yet this man
isn't even permitted to enter a
tourney as a Stanford man. The ex
penses for his trip are being paid by
the A.A.U., so it would cost nothing
to have him carry the cardinal into
competition. The reason given for
his not doing so is that it would
break our policy of no inter-colle
giate sports for the duration.
What is so sacred about this policy
that it prevents one of Stanford's
best athletes from competing as a
Stanford man? Who formulated this
policy in the first place? Did the
athletes themselves and the student
body support it? No, the students
didn't, support it because they never
had a chance to support it or oppose
it. The people most concerned were
never even consulted when it was
decided to bar sports for the dura
tion.
As a consequence, our men must
choose between competing inde
pendently, or not competing at all
in sports for which they have pre
pared themselves for as much as
seven or eight years, because the
University doesn't think they are
capable of representing it.
Elsewhere on this page is the story
of Johnny Fulton's trip East. When
he competes for the championship of
the United States, he will not be
competing as a Stanford representa
tive, but either as a runner for the
Olympic Club or as an unattached
athlete.
National champ in his event and
one of the best all around middle
distance men in the country — a
credit to his college—yet this man
isn't even permitted to enter a
tourney as a Stanford man. The ex
penses for his trip are being paid by
the A.A.U., so it would cost nothing
to have him carry the cardinal into
competition. The reason given for
his not doing so is that it would
break our policy of no inter-colle
giate sports for the duration.
What is so sacred about this policy
that it prevents one of Stanford's
best athletes from competing as a
Stanford man? Who formulated this
policy in the first place? Did the
athletes themselves and the student
body support it? No, the students
didn't, support it because they never
had a chance to support it or oppose
it. The people most concerned were
never even consulted when it was
decided to bar sports for the dura
tion.
As a consequence, our men must
choose between competing inde
pendently, or not competing at all
in sports for which they have pre
pared themselves for as much as
seven or eight years, because the
University doesn't think they are
capable of representing it.
Elsewhere on this page is the story
of Johnny Fulton's trip East. When
he competes for the championship of
the United States, he will not be
competing as a Stanford representa
tive, but either as a runner for the
Olympic Club or as an unattached
athlete.
National champ in his event and
one of the best all around middle
distance men in the country — a
credit to his college—yet this man
isn't even permitted to enter a
tourney as a Stanford man. The ex
penses for his trip are being paid by
the A.A.U., so it would cost nothing
to have him carry the cardinal into
competition. The reason given for
his not doing so is that it would
break our policy of no inter-colle
giate sports for the duration.
What is so sacred about this policy
that it prevents one of Stanford's
best athletes from competing as a
Stanford man? Who formulated this
policy in the first place? Did the
athletes themselves and the student
body support it? No, the students
didn't, support it because they never
had a chance to support it or oppose
it. The people most concerned were
never even consulted when it was
decided to bar sports for the dura
tion.
As a consequence, our men must
choose between competing inde
pendently, or not competing at all
in sports for which they have pre
pared themselves for as much as
seven or eight years, because the
University doesn't think they are
capable of representing it.
Elsewhere on this page is the story
of Johnny Fulton's trip East. When
he competes for the championship of
the United States, he will not be
competing as a Stanford representa
tive, but either as a runner for the
Olympic Club or as an unattached
athlete.
National champ in his event and
one of the best all around middle
distance men in the country — a
credit to his college—yet this man
isn't even permitted to enter a
tourney as a Stanford man. The ex
penses for his trip are being paid by
the A.A.U., so it would cost nothing
to have him carry the cardinal into
competition. The reason given for
his not doing so is that it would
break our policy of no inter-colle
giate sports for the duration.
What is so sacred about this policy
that it prevents one of Stanford's
best athletes from competing as a
Stanford man? Who formulated this
policy in the first place? Did the
athletes themselves and the student
body support it? No, the students
didn't, support it because they never
had a chance to support it or oppose
it. The people most concerned were
never even consulted when it was
decided to bar sports for the dura
tion.
As a consequence, our men must
choose between competing inde
pendently, or not competing at all
in sports for which they have pre
pared themselves for as much as
seven or eight years, because the
University doesn't think they are
capable of representing it.
Elsewhere on this page is the story
of Johnny Fulton's trip East. When
he competes for the championship of
the United States, he will not be
competing as a Stanford representa
tive, but either as a runner for the
Olympic Club or as an unattached
athlete.
National champ in his event and
one of the best all around middle
distance men in the country — a
credit to his college—yet this man
isn't even permitted to enter a
tourney as a Stanford man. The ex
penses for his trip are being paid by
the A.A.U., so it would cost nothing
to have him carry the cardinal into
competition. The reason given for
his not doing so is that it would
break our policy of no inter-colle
giate sports for the duration.
What is so sacred about this policy
that it prevents one of Stanford's
best athletes from competing as a
Stanford man? Who formulated this
policy in the first place? Did the
athletes themselves and the student
body support it? No, the students
didn't, support it because they never
had a chance to support it or oppose
it. The people most concerned were
never even consulted when it was
decided to bar sports for the dura
tion.
As a consequence, our men must
choose between competing inde
pendently, or not competing at all
in sports for which they have pre
pared themselves for as much as
seven or eight years, because the
University doesn't think they are
capable of representing it.
Elsewhere on this page is the story
of Johnny Fulton's trip East. When
he competes for the championship of
the United States, he will not be
competing as a Stanford representa
tive, but either as a runner for the
Olympic Club or as an unattached
athlete.
National champ in his event and
one of the best all around middle
distance men in the country — a
credit to his college—yet this man
isn't even permitted to enter a
tourney as a Stanford man. The ex
penses for his trip are being paid by
the A.A.U., so it would cost nothing
to have him carry the cardinal into
competition. The reason given for
his not doing so is that it would
break our policy of no inter-colle
giate sports for the duration.
What is so sacred about this policy
that it prevents one of Stanford's
best athletes from competing as a
Stanford man? Who formulated this
policy in the first place? Did the
athletes themselves and the student
body support it? No, the students
didn't, support it because they never
had a chance to support it or oppose
it. The people most concerned were
never even consulted when it was
decided to bar sports for the dura
tion.
As a consequence, our men must
choose between competing inde
pendently, or not competing at all
in sports for which they have pre
pared themselves for as much as
seven or eight years, because the
University doesn't think they are
capable of representing it.
Elsewhere on this page is the story
of Johnny Fulton's trip East. When
he competes for the championship of
the United States, he will not be
competing as a Stanford representa
tive, but either as a runner for the
Olympic Club or as an unattached
athlete.
National champ in his event and
one of the best all around middle
distance men in the country — a
credit to his college—yet this man
isn't even permitted to enter a
tourney as a Stanford man. The ex
penses for his trip are being paid by
the A.A.U., so it would cost nothing
to have him carry the cardinal into
competition. The reason given for
his not doing so is that it would
break our policy of no inter-colle
giate sports for the duration.
What is so sacred about this policy
that it prevents one of Stanford's
best athletes from competing as a
Stanford man? Who formulated this
policy in the first place? Did the
athletes themselves and the student
body support it? No, the students
didn't, support it because they never
had a chance to support it or oppose
it. The people most concerned were
never even consulted when it was
decided to bar sports for the dura
tion.
As a consequence, our men must
choose between competing inde
pendently, or not competing at all
in sports for which they have pre
pared themselves for as much as
seven or eight years, because the
University doesn't think they are
capable of representing it.
Elsewhere on this page is the story
of Johnny Fulton's trip East. When
he competes for the championship of
the United States, he will not be
competing as a Stanford representa
tive, but either as a runner for the
Olympic Club or as an unattached
athlete.
National champ in his event and
one of the best all around middle
distance men in the country — a
credit to his college—yet this man
isn't even permitted to enter a
tourney as a Stanford man. The ex
penses for his trip are being paid by
the A.A.U., so it would cost nothing
to have him carry the cardinal into
competition. The reason given for
his not doing so is that it would
break our policy of no inter-colle
giate sports for the duration.
What is so sacred about this policy
that it prevents one of Stanford's
best athletes from competing as a
Stanford man? Who formulated this
policy in the first place? Did the
athletes themselves and the student
body support it? No, the students
didn't, support it because they never
had a chance to support it or oppose
it. The people most concerned were
never even consulted when it was
decided to bar sports for the dura
tion.
As a consequence, our men must
choose between competing inde
pendently, or not competing at all
in sports for which they have pre
pared themselves for as much as
seven or eight years, because the
University doesn't think they are
capable of representing it.
