# 'Annamese' Taught ASTU at Berkeley
## 
### 
Annamese, native language of the
southern part of Idon China, is now
included in the Army Specialized
Training Program on the Berkeley
campus of the University of Cali
fornia.
It is being taught to some of the
men enrolled in the AST language
and area program so that they may
speak fluently and understand the
natives when engaged in military or
reconstruction activities in that re
gion, according to Dr. Murry B.
Emeneau, associate professor of San
skrit, who is in charge of the lan
guage program at the University of
California.
Annamese, native language of the
southern part of Idon China, is now
included in the Army Specialized
Training Program on the Berkeley
campus of the University of Cali
fornia.
It is being taught to some of the
men enrolled in the AST language
and area program so that they may
speak fluently and understand the
natives when engaged in military or
reconstruction activities in that re
gion, according to Dr. Murry B.
Emeneau, associate professor of San
skrit, who is in charge of the lan
guage program at the University of
California.
Annamese, native language of the
southern part of Idon China, is now
included in the Army Specialized
Training Program on the Berkeley
campus of the University of Cali
fornia.
It is being taught to some of the
men enrolled in the AST language
and area program so that they may
speak fluently and understand the
natives when engaged in military or
reconstruction activities in that re
gion, according to Dr. Murry B.
Emeneau, associate professor of San
skrit, who is in charge of the lan
guage program at the University of
California.
Annamese, native language of the
southern part of Idon China, is now
included in the Army Specialized
Training Program on the Berkeley
campus of the University of Cali
fornia.
It is being taught to some of the
men enrolled in the AST language
and area program so that they may
speak fluently and understand the
natives when engaged in military or
reconstruction activities in that re
gion, according to Dr. Murry B.
Emeneau, associate professor of San
skrit, who is in charge of the lan
guage program at the University of
California.
Annamese, native language of the
southern part of Idon China, is now
included in the Army Specialized
Training Program on the Berkeley
campus of the University of Cali
fornia.
It is being taught to some of the
men enrolled in the AST language
and area program so that they may
speak fluently and understand the
natives when engaged in military or
reconstruction activities in that re
gion, according to Dr. Murry B.
Emeneau, associate professor of San
skrit, who is in charge of the lan
guage program at the University of
California.
Annamese, native language of the
southern part of Idon China, is now
included in the Army Specialized
Training Program on the Berkeley
campus of the University of Cali
fornia.
It is being taught to some of the
men enrolled in the AST language
and area program so that they may
speak fluently and understand the
natives when engaged in military or
reconstruction activities in that re
gion, according to Dr. Murry B.
Emeneau, associate professor of San
skrit, who is in charge of the lan
guage program at the University of
California.
Annamese, native language of the
southern part of Idon China, is now
included in the Army Specialized
Training Program on the Berkeley
campus of the University of Cali
fornia.
It is being taught to some of the
men enrolled in the AST language
and area program so that they may
speak fluently and understand the
natives when engaged in military or
reconstruction activities in that re
gion, according to Dr. Murry B.
Emeneau, associate professor of San
skrit, who is in charge of the lan
guage program at the University of
California.
Annamese, native language of the
southern part of Idon China, is now
included in the Army Specialized
Training Program on the Berkeley
campus of the University of Cali
fornia.
It is being taught to some of the
men enrolled in the AST language
and area program so that they may
speak fluently and understand the
natives when engaged in military or
reconstruction activities in that re
gion, according to Dr. Murry B.
Emeneau, associate professor of San
skrit, who is in charge of the lan
guage program at the University of
California.
Annamese, native language of the
southern part of Idon China, is now
included in the Army Specialized
Training Program on the Berkeley
campus of the University of Cali
fornia.
It is being taught to some of the
men enrolled in the AST language
and area program so that they may
speak fluently and understand the
natives when engaged in military or
reconstruction activities in that re
gion, according to Dr. Murry B.
Emeneau, associate professor of San
skrit, who is in charge of the lan
guage program at the University of
California.
Annamese, native language of the
southern part of Idon China, is now
included in the Army Specialized
Training Program on the Berkeley
campus of the University of Cali
fornia.
It is being taught to some of the
men enrolled in the AST language
and area program so that they may
speak fluently and understand the
natives when engaged in military or
reconstruction activities in that re
gion, according to Dr. Murry B.
Emeneau, associate professor of San
skrit, who is in charge of the lan
guage program at the University of
California.
Annamese, native language of the
southern part of Idon China, is now
included in the Army Specialized
Training Program on the Berkeley
campus of the University of Cali
fornia.
It is being taught to some of the
men enrolled in the AST language
and area program so that they may
speak fluently and understand the
natives when engaged in military or
reconstruction activities in that re
gion, according to Dr. Murry B.
Emeneau, associate professor of San
skrit, who is in charge of the lan
guage program at the University of
California.
Annamese, native language of the
southern part of Idon China, is now
included in the Army Specialized
Training Program on the Berkeley
campus of the University of Cali
fornia.
It is being taught to some of the
men enrolled in the AST language
and area program so that they may
speak fluently and understand the
natives when engaged in military or
reconstruction activities in that re
gion, according to Dr. Murry B.
Emeneau, associate professor of San
skrit, who is in charge of the lan
guage program at the University of
California.
Annamese, native language of the
southern part of Idon China, is now
included in the Army Specialized
Training Program on the Berkeley
campus of the University of Cali
fornia.
It is being taught to some of the
men enrolled in the AST language
and area program so that they may
speak fluently and understand the
natives when engaged in military or
reconstruction activities in that re
gion, according to Dr. Murry B.
Emeneau, associate professor of San
skrit, who is in charge of the lan
guage program at the University of
California.
Annamese, native language of the
southern part of Idon China, is now
included in the Army Specialized
Training Program on the Berkeley
campus of the University of Cali
fornia.
It is being taught to some of the
men enrolled in the AST language
and area program so that they may
speak fluently and understand the
natives when engaged in military or
reconstruction activities in that re
gion, according to Dr. Murry B.
Emeneau, associate professor of San
skrit, who is in charge of the lan
guage program at the University of
California.
Annamese, native language of the
southern part of Idon China, is now
included in the Army Specialized
Training Program on the Berkeley
campus of the University of Cali
fornia.
It is being taught to some of the
men enrolled in the AST language
and area program so that they may
speak fluently and understand the
natives when engaged in military or
reconstruction activities in that re
gion, according to Dr. Murry B.
Emeneau, associate professor of San
skrit, who is in charge of the lan
guage program at the University of
California.
Annamese, native language of the
southern part of Idon China, is now
included in the Army Specialized
Training Program on the Berkeley
campus of the University of Cali
fornia.
It is being taught to some of the
men enrolled in the AST language
and area program so that they may
speak fluently and understand the
natives when engaged in military or
reconstruction activities in that re
gion, according to Dr. Murry B.
Emeneau, associate professor of San
skrit, who is in charge of the lan
guage program at the University of
California.
