# Mrs. Tresidder To Be 'At Home' Tomorrow
## 
### 
Stanford's first lady, Mrs. Donald
B. Tresidder, will be at home to
students, faculty, and friends on
the campus tomorrow from 4 to
5:.'50. The tea. to be held at the
Tresidder home at 623 Mirada ave
nue. is the first entertainment
which she has sponsored this quar
ter.
M rs. Tresidder has announced
her intention to hold such func
tions every fourth Tues d a y
throughout the quarter. Because of
Washington's Birthday, however,
the occasion will not be held in
February.
Stanford's first lady, Mrs. Donald
B. Tresidder, will be at home to
students, faculty, and friends on
the campus tomorrow from 4 to
5:.'50. The tea. to be held at the
Tresidder home at 623 Mirada ave
nue. is the first entertainment
which she has sponsored this quar
ter.
M rs. Tresidder has announced
her intention to hold such func
tions every fourth Tues d a y
throughout the quarter. Because of
Washington's Birthday, however,
the occasion will not be held in
February.
Stanford's first lady, Mrs. Donald
B. Tresidder, will be at home to
students, faculty, and friends on
the campus tomorrow from 4 to
5:.'50. The tea. to be held at the
Tresidder home at 623 Mirada ave
nue. is the first entertainment
which she has sponsored this quar
ter.
M rs. Tresidder has announced
her intention to hold such func
tions every fourth Tues d a y
throughout the quarter. Because of
Washington's Birthday, however,
the occasion will not be held in
February.
Stanford's first lady, Mrs. Donald
B. Tresidder, will be at home to
students, faculty, and friends on
the campus tomorrow from 4 to
5:.'50. The tea. to be held at the
Tresidder home at 623 Mirada ave
nue. is the first entertainment
which she has sponsored this quar
ter.
M rs. Tresidder has announced
her intention to hold such func
tions every fourth Tues d a y
throughout the quarter. Because of
Washington's Birthday, however,
the occasion will not be held in
February.
Stanford's first lady, Mrs. Donald
B. Tresidder, will be at home to
students, faculty, and friends on
the campus tomorrow from 4 to
5:.'50. The tea. to be held at the
Tresidder home at 623 Mirada ave
nue. is the first entertainment
which she has sponsored this quar
ter.
M rs. Tresidder has announced
her intention to hold such func
tions every fourth Tues d a y
throughout the quarter. Because of
Washington's Birthday, however,
the occasion will not be held in
February.
Stanford's first lady, Mrs. Donald
B. Tresidder, will be at home to
students, faculty, and friends on
the campus tomorrow from 4 to
5:.'50. The tea. to be held at the
Tresidder home at 623 Mirada ave
nue. is the first entertainment
which she has sponsored this quar
ter.
M rs. Tresidder has announced
her intention to hold such func
tions every fourth Tues d a y
throughout the quarter. Because of
Washington's Birthday, however,
the occasion will not be held in
February.
Stanford's first lady, Mrs. Donald
B. Tresidder, will be at home to
students, faculty, and friends on
the campus tomorrow from 4 to
5:.'50. The tea. to be held at the
Tresidder home at 623 Mirada ave
nue. is the first entertainment
which she has sponsored this quar
ter.
M rs. Tresidder has announced
her intention to hold such func
tions every fourth Tues d a y
throughout the quarter. Because of
Washington's Birthday, however,
the occasion will not be held in
February.
Stanford's first lady, Mrs. Donald
B. Tresidder, will be at home to
students, faculty, and friends on
the campus tomorrow from 4 to
5:.'50. The tea. to be held at the
Tresidder home at 623 Mirada ave
nue. is the first entertainment
which she has sponsored this quar
ter.
M rs. Tresidder has announced
her intention to hold such func
tions every fourth Tues d a y
throughout the quarter. Because of
Washington's Birthday, however,
the occasion will not be held in
February.
Stanford's first lady, Mrs. Donald
B. Tresidder, will be at home to
students, faculty, and friends on
the campus tomorrow from 4 to
5:.'50. The tea. to be held at the
Tresidder home at 623 Mirada ave
nue. is the first entertainment
which she has sponsored this quar
ter.
M rs. Tresidder has announced
her intention to hold such func
tions every fourth Tues d a y
throughout the quarter. Because of
Washington's Birthday, however,
the occasion will not be held in
February.
Stanford's first lady, Mrs. Donald
B. Tresidder, will be at home to
students, faculty, and friends on
the campus tomorrow from 4 to
5:.'50. The tea. to be held at the
Tresidder home at 623 Mirada ave
nue. is the first entertainment
which she has sponsored this quar
ter.
M rs. Tresidder has announced
her intention to hold such func
tions every fourth Tues d a y
throughout the quarter. Because of
Washington's Birthday, however,
the occasion will not be held in
February.
Stanford's first lady, Mrs. Donald
B. Tresidder, will be at home to
students, faculty, and friends on
the campus tomorrow from 4 to
5:.'50. The tea. to be held at the
Tresidder home at 623 Mirada ave
nue. is the first entertainment
which she has sponsored this quar
ter.
M rs. Tresidder has announced
her intention to hold such func
tions every fourth Tues d a y
throughout the quarter. Because of
Washington's Birthday, however,
the occasion will not be held in
February.
Stanford's first lady, Mrs. Donald
B. Tresidder, will be at home to
students, faculty, and friends on
the campus tomorrow from 4 to
5:.'50. The tea. to be held at the
Tresidder home at 623 Mirada ave
nue. is the first entertainment
which she has sponsored this quar
ter.
M rs. Tresidder has announced
her intention to hold such func
tions every fourth Tues d a y
throughout the quarter. Because of
Washington's Birthday, however,
the occasion will not be held in
February.
Stanford's first lady, Mrs. Donald
B. Tresidder, will be at home to
students, faculty, and friends on
the campus tomorrow from 4 to
5:.'50. The tea. to be held at the
Tresidder home at 623 Mirada ave
nue. is the first entertainment
which she has sponsored this quar
ter.
M rs. Tresidder has announced
her intention to hold such func
tions every fourth Tues d a y
throughout the quarter. Because of
Washington's Birthday, however,
the occasion will not be held in
February.
Stanford's first lady, Mrs. Donald
B. Tresidder, will be at home to
students, faculty, and friends on
the campus tomorrow from 4 to
5:.'50. The tea. to be held at the
Tresidder home at 623 Mirada ave
nue. is the first entertainment
which she has sponsored this quar
ter.
M rs. Tresidder has announced
her intention to hold such func
tions every fourth Tues d a y
throughout the quarter. Because of
Washington's Birthday, however,
the occasion will not be held in
February.
Stanford's first lady, Mrs. Donald
B. Tresidder, will be at home to
students, faculty, and friends on
the campus tomorrow from 4 to
5:.'50. The tea. to be held at the
Tresidder home at 623 Mirada ave
nue. is the first entertainment
which she has sponsored this quar
ter.
M rs. Tresidder has announced
her intention to hold such func
tions every fourth Tues d a y
throughout the quarter. Because of
Washington's Birthday, however,
the occasion will not be held in
February.
Stanford's first lady, Mrs. Donald
B. Tresidder, will be at home to
students, faculty, and friends on
the campus tomorrow from 4 to
5:.'50. The tea. to be held at the
Tresidder home at 623 Mirada ave
nue. is the first entertainment
which she has sponsored this quar
ter.
M rs. Tresidder has announced
her intention to hold such func
tions every fourth Tues d a y
throughout the quarter. Because of
Washington's Birthday, however,
the occasion will not be held in
February.
