# Untitled Article
## 
### 

U.S. Marines built this shelter for their communications center,
camouflaged with branches and barbed wire. Signs posted about
indicate that even in battle the Yankee sense of humor is strong.

U.S. Marines built this shelter for their communications center,
camouflaged with branches and barbed wire. Signs posted about
indicate that even in battle the Yankee sense of humor is strong.

U.S. Marines built this shelter for their communications center,
camouflaged with branches and barbed wire. Signs posted about
indicate that even in battle the Yankee sense of humor is strong.

U.S. Marines built this shelter for their communications center,
camouflaged with branches and barbed wire. Signs posted about
indicate that even in battle the Yankee sense of humor is strong.

U.S. Marines built this shelter for their communications center,
camouflaged with branches and barbed wire. Signs posted about
indicate that even in battle the Yankee sense of humor is strong.

U.S. Marines built this shelter for their communications center,
camouflaged with branches and barbed wire. Signs posted about
indicate that even in battle the Yankee sense of humor is strong.

U.S. Marines built this shelter for their communications center,
camouflaged with branches and barbed wire. Signs posted about
indicate that even in battle the Yankee sense of humor is strong.

U.S. Marines built this shelter for their communications center,
camouflaged with branches and barbed wire. Signs posted about
indicate that even in battle the Yankee sense of humor is strong.

U.S. Marines built this shelter for their communications center,
camouflaged with branches and barbed wire. Signs posted about
indicate that even in battle the Yankee sense of humor is strong.

U.S. Marines built this shelter for their communications center,
camouflaged with branches and barbed wire. Signs posted about
indicate that even in battle the Yankee sense of humor is strong.

U.S. Marines built this shelter for their communications center,
camouflaged with branches and barbed wire. Signs posted about
indicate that even in battle the Yankee sense of humor is strong.

U.S. Marines built this shelter for their communications center,
camouflaged with branches and barbed wire. Signs posted about
indicate that even in battle the Yankee sense of humor is strong.

U.S. Marines built this shelter for their communications center,
camouflaged with branches and barbed wire. Signs posted about
indicate that even in battle the Yankee sense of humor is strong.

U.S. Marines built this shelter for their communications center,
camouflaged with branches and barbed wire. Signs posted about
indicate that even in battle the Yankee sense of humor is strong.

U.S. Marines built this shelter for their communications center,
camouflaged with branches and barbed wire. Signs posted about
indicate that even in battle the Yankee sense of humor is strong.

U.S. Marines built this shelter for their communications center,
camouflaged with branches and barbed wire. Signs posted about
indicate that even in battle the Yankee sense of humor is strong.
