# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Stanford teams won three national
championships (basketball,
tennis, and golf) in 1942.
Stanford teams won three national
championships (basketball,
tennis, and golf) in 1942.
Stanford teams won three national
championships (basketball,
tennis, and golf) in 1942.
Stanford teams won three national
championships (basketball,
tennis, and golf) in 1942.
Stanford teams won three national
championships (basketball,
tennis, and golf) in 1942.
Stanford teams won three national
championships (basketball,
tennis, and golf) in 1942.
Stanford teams won three national
championships (basketball,
tennis, and golf) in 1942.
Stanford teams won three national
championships (basketball,
tennis, and golf) in 1942.
Stanford teams won three national
championships (basketball,
tennis, and golf) in 1942.
Stanford teams won three national
championships (basketball,
tennis, and golf) in 1942.
Stanford teams won three national
championships (basketball,
tennis, and golf) in 1942.
Stanford teams won three national
championships (basketball,
tennis, and golf) in 1942.
Stanford teams won three national
championships (basketball,
tennis, and golf) in 1942.
Stanford teams won three national
championships (basketball,
tennis, and golf) in 1942.
Stanford teams won three national
championships (basketball,
tennis, and golf) in 1942.
Stanford teams won three national
championships (basketball,
tennis, and golf) in 1942.
