# Adv. 10 Page 5
## 
### 
1992 - 9 3
Project
Managers
and
Financial
Assistants
6
managers
Ad Agency
Friday Flicks
Lecture Notes
Special Projects
Sunday Flicks
T-Shirt Shack
3
assistants
Administration
Funding
Project
Evaluation
Pick up an application and
job brochure at the business
office, 2nd floor tresidder
union.
Applications are due
February 21 1992.
1992 - 9 3
Project
Managers
and
Financial
Assistants
6
managers
Ad Agency
Friday Flicks
Lecture Notes
Special Projects
Sunday Flicks
T-Shirt Shack
3
assistants
Administration
Funding
Project
Evaluation
Pick up an application and
job brochure at the business
office, 2nd floor tresidder
union.
Applications are due
February 21 1992.
1992 - 9 3
Project
Managers
and
Financial
Assistants
6
managers
Ad Agency
Friday Flicks
Lecture Notes
Special Projects
Sunday Flicks
T-Shirt Shack
3
assistants
Administration
Funding
Project
Evaluation
Pick up an application and
job brochure at the business
office, 2nd floor tresidder
union.
Applications are due
February 21 1992.
1992 - 9 3
Project
Managers
and
Financial
Assistants
6
managers
Ad Agency
Friday Flicks
Lecture Notes
Special Projects
Sunday Flicks
T-Shirt Shack
3
assistants
Administration
Funding
Project
Evaluation
Pick up an application and
job brochure at the business
office, 2nd floor tresidder
union.
Applications are due
February 21 1992.
1992 - 9 3
Project
Managers
and
Financial
Assistants
6
managers
Ad Agency
Friday Flicks
Lecture Notes
Special Projects
Sunday Flicks
T-Shirt Shack
3
assistants
Administration
Funding
Project
Evaluation
Pick up an application and
job brochure at the business
office, 2nd floor tresidder
union.
Applications are due
February 21 1992.
1992 - 9 3
Project
Managers
and
Financial
Assistants
6
managers
Ad Agency
Friday Flicks
Lecture Notes
Special Projects
Sunday Flicks
T-Shirt Shack
3
assistants
Administration
Funding
Project
Evaluation
Pick up an application and
job brochure at the business
office, 2nd floor tresidder
union.
Applications are due
February 21 1992.
1992 - 9 3
Project
Managers
and
Financial
Assistants
6
managers
Ad Agency
Friday Flicks
Lecture Notes
Special Projects
Sunday Flicks
T-Shirt Shack
3
assistants
Administration
Funding
Project
Evaluation
Pick up an application and
job brochure at the business
office, 2nd floor tresidder
union.
Applications are due
February 21 1992.
1992 - 9 3
Project
Managers
and
Financial
Assistants
6
managers
Ad Agency
Friday Flicks
Lecture Notes
Special Projects
Sunday Flicks
T-Shirt Shack
3
assistants
Administration
Funding
Project
Evaluation
Pick up an application and
job brochure at the business
office, 2nd floor tresidder
union.
Applications are due
February 21 1992.
