# HOUSE PASSES INDIAN BILL
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Jan. 28. (/P)—The
House today passed the Senate bill
to authorize payment of $1,217,000
to the Uintah, White River, and
Uncompahgre hands of Ute Indians
for 973,000 acres of land included
within the Uintah National Forest
in Utah. It now returns to the Sen
ate with minor amendments.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 28. (/P)—The
House today passed the Senate bill
to authorize payment of $1,217,000
to the Uintah, White River, and
Uncompahgre hands of Ute Indians
for 973,000 acres of land included
within the Uintah National Forest
in Utah. It now returns to the Sen
ate with minor amendments.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 28. (/P)—The
House today passed the Senate bill
to authorize payment of $1,217,000
to the Uintah, White River, and
Uncompahgre hands of Ute Indians
for 973,000 acres of land included
within the Uintah National Forest
in Utah. It now returns to the Sen
ate with minor amendments.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 28. (/P)—The
House today passed the Senate bill
to authorize payment of $1,217,000
to the Uintah, White River, and
Uncompahgre hands of Ute Indians
for 973,000 acres of land included
within the Uintah National Forest
in Utah. It now returns to the Sen
ate with minor amendments.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 28. (/P)—The
House today passed the Senate bill
to authorize payment of $1,217,000
to the Uintah, White River, and
Uncompahgre hands of Ute Indians
for 973,000 acres of land included
within the Uintah National Forest
in Utah. It now returns to the Sen
ate with minor amendments.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 28. (/P)—The
House today passed the Senate bill
to authorize payment of $1,217,000
to the Uintah, White River, and
Uncompahgre hands of Ute Indians
for 973,000 acres of land included
within the Uintah National Forest
in Utah. It now returns to the Sen
ate with minor amendments.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 28. (/P)—The
House today passed the Senate bill
to authorize payment of $1,217,000
to the Uintah, White River, and
Uncompahgre hands of Ute Indians
for 973,000 acres of land included
within the Uintah National Forest
in Utah. It now returns to the Sen
ate with minor amendments.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 28. (/P)—The
House today passed the Senate bill
to authorize payment of $1,217,000
to the Uintah, White River, and
Uncompahgre hands of Ute Indians
for 973,000 acres of land included
within the Uintah National Forest
in Utah. It now returns to the Sen
ate with minor amendments.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 28. (/P)—The
House today passed the Senate bill
to authorize payment of $1,217,000
to the Uintah, White River, and
Uncompahgre hands of Ute Indians
for 973,000 acres of land included
within the Uintah National Forest
in Utah. It now returns to the Sen
ate with minor amendments.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 28. (/P)—The
House today passed the Senate bill
to authorize payment of $1,217,000
to the Uintah, White River, and
Uncompahgre hands of Ute Indians
for 973,000 acres of land included
within the Uintah National Forest
in Utah. It now returns to the Sen
ate with minor amendments.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 28. (/P)—The
House today passed the Senate bill
to authorize payment of $1,217,000
to the Uintah, White River, and
Uncompahgre hands of Ute Indians
for 973,000 acres of land included
within the Uintah National Forest
in Utah. It now returns to the Sen
ate with minor amendments.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 28. (/P)—The
House today passed the Senate bill
to authorize payment of $1,217,000
to the Uintah, White River, and
Uncompahgre hands of Ute Indians
for 973,000 acres of land included
within the Uintah National Forest
in Utah. It now returns to the Sen
ate with minor amendments.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 28. (/P)—The
House today passed the Senate bill
to authorize payment of $1,217,000
to the Uintah, White River, and
Uncompahgre hands of Ute Indians
for 973,000 acres of land included
within the Uintah National Forest
in Utah. It now returns to the Sen
ate with minor amendments.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 28. (/P)—The
House today passed the Senate bill
to authorize payment of $1,217,000
to the Uintah, White River, and
Uncompahgre hands of Ute Indians
for 973,000 acres of land included
within the Uintah National Forest
in Utah. It now returns to the Sen
ate with minor amendments.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 28. (/P)—The
House today passed the Senate bill
to authorize payment of $1,217,000
to the Uintah, White River, and
Uncompahgre hands of Ute Indians
for 973,000 acres of land included
within the Uintah National Forest
in Utah. It now returns to the Sen
ate with minor amendments.
