# Untitled Article
## 
### 
LONDON, Jan. 28. (AP)—The Mac-
Donald Labor Government won a
division in the House of Commons
late tonight by a majority of 27
! votes.
LONDON, Jan. 28. (AP)—The Mac-
Donald Labor Government won a
division in the House of Commons
late tonight by a majority of 27
! votes.
LONDON, Jan. 28. (AP)—The Mac-
Donald Labor Government won a
division in the House of Commons
late tonight by a majority of 27
! votes.
LONDON, Jan. 28. (AP)—The Mac-
Donald Labor Government won a
division in the House of Commons
late tonight by a majority of 27
! votes.
LONDON, Jan. 28. (AP)—The Mac-
Donald Labor Government won a
division in the House of Commons
late tonight by a majority of 27
! votes.
LONDON, Jan. 28. (AP)—The Mac-
Donald Labor Government won a
division in the House of Commons
late tonight by a majority of 27
! votes.
LONDON, Jan. 28. (AP)—The Mac-
Donald Labor Government won a
division in the House of Commons
late tonight by a majority of 27
! votes.
LONDON, Jan. 28. (AP)—The Mac-
Donald Labor Government won a
division in the House of Commons
late tonight by a majority of 27
! votes.
LONDON, Jan. 28. (AP)—The Mac-
Donald Labor Government won a
division in the House of Commons
late tonight by a majority of 27
! votes.
LONDON, Jan. 28. (AP)—The Mac-
Donald Labor Government won a
division in the House of Commons
late tonight by a majority of 27
! votes.
LONDON, Jan. 28. (AP)—The Mac-
Donald Labor Government won a
division in the House of Commons
late tonight by a majority of 27
! votes.
LONDON, Jan. 28. (AP)—The Mac-
Donald Labor Government won a
division in the House of Commons
late tonight by a majority of 27
! votes.
LONDON, Jan. 28. (AP)—The Mac-
Donald Labor Government won a
division in the House of Commons
late tonight by a majority of 27
! votes.
LONDON, Jan. 28. (AP)—The Mac-
Donald Labor Government won a
division in the House of Commons
late tonight by a majority of 27
! votes.
LONDON, Jan. 28. (AP)—The Mac-
Donald Labor Government won a
division in the House of Commons
late tonight by a majority of 27
! votes.
