# EARTHQUAKE SHOCK
## 
### 
BERLIN, Jan. 28. (A 3 )— A violent
earthquake shock was felt this
morning at Hindenburg in Upper
Silesia and through the Kattowite
district. Damage was believed to
have been comparatively slight.
BERLIN, Jan. 28. (A 3 )— A violent
earthquake shock was felt this
morning at Hindenburg in Upper
Silesia and through the Kattowite
district. Damage was believed to
have been comparatively slight.
BERLIN, Jan. 28. (A 3 )— A violent
earthquake shock was felt this
morning at Hindenburg in Upper
Silesia and through the Kattowite
district. Damage was believed to
have been comparatively slight.
BERLIN, Jan. 28. (A 3 )— A violent
earthquake shock was felt this
morning at Hindenburg in Upper
Silesia and through the Kattowite
district. Damage was believed to
have been comparatively slight.
BERLIN, Jan. 28. (A 3 )— A violent
earthquake shock was felt this
morning at Hindenburg in Upper
Silesia and through the Kattowite
district. Damage was believed to
have been comparatively slight.
BERLIN, Jan. 28. (A 3 )— A violent
earthquake shock was felt this
morning at Hindenburg in Upper
Silesia and through the Kattowite
district. Damage was believed to
have been comparatively slight.
BERLIN, Jan. 28. (A 3 )— A violent
earthquake shock was felt this
morning at Hindenburg in Upper
Silesia and through the Kattowite
district. Damage was believed to
have been comparatively slight.
BERLIN, Jan. 28. (A 3 )— A violent
earthquake shock was felt this
morning at Hindenburg in Upper
Silesia and through the Kattowite
district. Damage was believed to
have been comparatively slight.
BERLIN, Jan. 28. (A 3 )— A violent
earthquake shock was felt this
morning at Hindenburg in Upper
Silesia and through the Kattowite
district. Damage was believed to
have been comparatively slight.
BERLIN, Jan. 28. (A 3 )— A violent
earthquake shock was felt this
morning at Hindenburg in Upper
Silesia and through the Kattowite
district. Damage was believed to
have been comparatively slight.
BERLIN, Jan. 28. (A 3 )— A violent
earthquake shock was felt this
morning at Hindenburg in Upper
Silesia and through the Kattowite
district. Damage was believed to
have been comparatively slight.
BERLIN, Jan. 28. (A 3 )— A violent
earthquake shock was felt this
morning at Hindenburg in Upper
Silesia and through the Kattowite
district. Damage was believed to
have been comparatively slight.
BERLIN, Jan. 28. (A 3 )— A violent
earthquake shock was felt this
morning at Hindenburg in Upper
Silesia and through the Kattowite
district. Damage was believed to
have been comparatively slight.
BERLIN, Jan. 28. (A 3 )— A violent
earthquake shock was felt this
morning at Hindenburg in Upper
Silesia and through the Kattowite
district. Damage was believed to
have been comparatively slight.
BERLIN, Jan. 28. (A 3 )— A violent
earthquake shock was felt this
morning at Hindenburg in Upper
Silesia and through the Kattowite
district. Damage was believed to
have been comparatively slight.
