# Brown Up Before the U.C. Faculty.
## 
### 
Everett .J. Brown, football man
ager at Berkeley, has been sum
moned before the committee on
student affairs for his recent de
nunciation of the faculty's stand
regarding athletics. It is not
known what the committee's action
will he, hut the students are with
Brown in the controversy, and it is
probable that a mass meeting will
be held Monday to consider the
question of reorganizing the faculty
athletic committee. In the course
of a published interview Manager
Brown has the following statement
of interest to us, regarding the late

denunciation of Coast athletics by
Caspar Whitney:
"Whitney pays a compliment to
Professor Angell of Stanford and
Professors Clapp and Bacon of Cal
ifornia. Dr. Angell is an athlete
himself and his influence is thor
oughly wholesome, but neither Pro
fessor .Clapp nor Professor Bacon
knows anything about athletics
Their intentions are all right, but
tliey do more harm than good
through their mistaken zeal."
Everett .J. Brown, football man
ager at Berkeley, has been sum
moned before the committee on
student affairs for his recent de
nunciation of the faculty's stand
regarding athletics. It is not
known what the committee's action
will he, hut the students are with
Brown in the controversy, and it is
probable that a mass meeting will
be held Monday to consider the
question of reorganizing the faculty
athletic committee. In the course
of a published interview Manager
Brown has the following statement
of interest to us, regarding the late

denunciation of Coast athletics by
Caspar Whitney:
"Whitney pays a compliment to
Professor Angell of Stanford and
Professors Clapp and Bacon of Cal
ifornia. Dr. Angell is an athlete
himself and his influence is thor
oughly wholesome, but neither Pro
fessor .Clapp nor Professor Bacon
knows anything about athletics
Their intentions are all right, but
tliey do more harm than good
through their mistaken zeal."
Everett .J. Brown, football man
ager at Berkeley, has been sum
moned before the committee on
student affairs for his recent de
nunciation of the faculty's stand
regarding athletics. It is not
known what the committee's action
will he, hut the students are with
Brown in the controversy, and it is
probable that a mass meeting will
be held Monday to consider the
question of reorganizing the faculty
athletic committee. In the course
of a published interview Manager
Brown has the following statement
of interest to us, regarding the late

denunciation of Coast athletics by
Caspar Whitney:
"Whitney pays a compliment to
Professor Angell of Stanford and
Professors Clapp and Bacon of Cal
ifornia. Dr. Angell is an athlete
himself and his influence is thor
oughly wholesome, but neither Pro
fessor .Clapp nor Professor Bacon
knows anything about athletics
Their intentions are all right, but
tliey do more harm than good
through their mistaken zeal."
Everett .J. Brown, football man
ager at Berkeley, has been sum
moned before the committee on
student affairs for his recent de
nunciation of the faculty's stand
regarding athletics. It is not
known what the committee's action
will he, hut the students are with
Brown in the controversy, and it is
probable that a mass meeting will
be held Monday to consider the
question of reorganizing the faculty
athletic committee. In the course
of a published interview Manager
Brown has the following statement
of interest to us, regarding the late

denunciation of Coast athletics by
Caspar Whitney:
"Whitney pays a compliment to
Professor Angell of Stanford and
Professors Clapp and Bacon of Cal
ifornia. Dr. Angell is an athlete
himself and his influence is thor
oughly wholesome, but neither Pro
fessor .Clapp nor Professor Bacon
knows anything about athletics
Their intentions are all right, but
tliey do more harm than good
through their mistaken zeal."
Everett .J. Brown, football man
ager at Berkeley, has been sum
moned before the committee on
student affairs for his recent de
nunciation of the faculty's stand
regarding athletics. It is not
known what the committee's action
will he, hut the students are with
Brown in the controversy, and it is
probable that a mass meeting will
be held Monday to consider the
question of reorganizing the faculty
athletic committee. In the course
of a published interview Manager
Brown has the following statement
of interest to us, regarding the late

denunciation of Coast athletics by
Caspar Whitney:
"Whitney pays a compliment to
Professor Angell of Stanford and
Professors Clapp and Bacon of Cal
ifornia. Dr. Angell is an athlete
himself and his influence is thor
oughly wholesome, but neither Pro
fessor .Clapp nor Professor Bacon
knows anything about athletics
Their intentions are all right, but
tliey do more harm than good
through their mistaken zeal."
