# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—H. J. Colberg, '05, left Wed
nesday for the East, where he has
a position with the Westinghouse
Machine Works of Pittsburg, Penn
sylvania.
—H. J. Colberg, '05, left Wed
nesday for the East, where he has
a position with the Westinghouse
Machine Works of Pittsburg, Penn
sylvania.
—H. J. Colberg, '05, left Wed
nesday for the East, where he has
a position with the Westinghouse
Machine Works of Pittsburg, Penn
sylvania.
—H. J. Colberg, '05, left Wed
nesday for the East, where he has
a position with the Westinghouse
Machine Works of Pittsburg, Penn
sylvania.
—H. J. Colberg, '05, left Wed
nesday for the East, where he has
a position with the Westinghouse
Machine Works of Pittsburg, Penn
sylvania.
—H. J. Colberg, '05, left Wed
nesday for the East, where he has
a position with the Westinghouse
Machine Works of Pittsburg, Penn
sylvania.
—H. J. Colberg, '05, left Wed
nesday for the East, where he has
a position with the Westinghouse
Machine Works of Pittsburg, Penn
sylvania.
—H. J. Colberg, '05, left Wed
nesday for the East, where he has
a position with the Westinghouse
Machine Works of Pittsburg, Penn
sylvania.
