# FACULTY
## 
### 
841 faculty members have pro
fessorial rank and are members
of the Academic Council. There
are 238 others who are instruc
tors or other salaried teaching
personnel.
841 faculty members have pro
fessorial rank and are members
of the Academic Council. There
are 238 others who are instruc
tors or other salaried teaching
personnel.
841 faculty members have pro
fessorial rank and are members
of the Academic Council. There
are 238 others who are instruc
tors or other salaried teaching
personnel.
841 faculty members have pro
fessorial rank and are members
of the Academic Council. There
are 238 others who are instruc
tors or other salaried teaching
personnel.
841 faculty members have pro
fessorial rank and are members
of the Academic Council. There
are 238 others who are instruc
tors or other salaried teaching
personnel.
841 faculty members have pro
fessorial rank and are members
of the Academic Council. There
are 238 others who are instruc
tors or other salaried teaching
personnel.
841 faculty members have pro
fessorial rank and are members
of the Academic Council. There
are 238 others who are instruc
tors or other salaried teaching
personnel.
841 faculty members have pro
fessorial rank and are members
of the Academic Council. There
are 238 others who are instruc
tors or other salaried teaching
personnel.
841 faculty members have pro
fessorial rank and are members
of the Academic Council. There
are 238 others who are instruc
tors or other salaried teaching
personnel.
841 faculty members have pro
fessorial rank and are members
of the Academic Council. There
are 238 others who are instruc
tors or other salaried teaching
personnel.
841 faculty members have pro
fessorial rank and are members
of the Academic Council. There
are 238 others who are instruc
tors or other salaried teaching
personnel.
841 faculty members have pro
fessorial rank and are members
of the Academic Council. There
are 238 others who are instruc
tors or other salaried teaching
personnel.
841 faculty members have pro
fessorial rank and are members
of the Academic Council. There
are 238 others who are instruc
tors or other salaried teaching
personnel.
841 faculty members have pro
fessorial rank and are members
of the Academic Council. There
are 238 others who are instruc
tors or other salaried teaching
personnel.
841 faculty members have pro
fessorial rank and are members
of the Academic Council. There
are 238 others who are instruc
tors or other salaried teaching
personnel.
