# LAGUNITA ELECTIONS
## 
### 
Lagunita Hall elected dormitory
officers for autumn quarter last
week. Ann FitzGerald was elected
president. Other officers include
Marcia Iloak, first vice-president;
Charlotte Smith, second vice-presi
dent; and Lois Mixter, ASSU repre
sentative.
Lagunita Hall elected dormitory
officers for autumn quarter last
week. Ann FitzGerald was elected
president. Other officers include
Marcia Iloak, first vice-president;
Charlotte Smith, second vice-presi
dent; and Lois Mixter, ASSU repre
sentative.
Lagunita Hall elected dormitory
officers for autumn quarter last
week. Ann FitzGerald was elected
president. Other officers include
Marcia Iloak, first vice-president;
Charlotte Smith, second vice-presi
dent; and Lois Mixter, ASSU repre
sentative.
Lagunita Hall elected dormitory
officers for autumn quarter last
week. Ann FitzGerald was elected
president. Other officers include
Marcia Iloak, first vice-president;
Charlotte Smith, second vice-presi
dent; and Lois Mixter, ASSU repre
sentative.
Lagunita Hall elected dormitory
officers for autumn quarter last
week. Ann FitzGerald was elected
president. Other officers include
Marcia Iloak, first vice-president;
Charlotte Smith, second vice-presi
dent; and Lois Mixter, ASSU repre
sentative.
Lagunita Hall elected dormitory
officers for autumn quarter last
week. Ann FitzGerald was elected
president. Other officers include
Marcia Iloak, first vice-president;
Charlotte Smith, second vice-presi
dent; and Lois Mixter, ASSU repre
sentative.
Lagunita Hall elected dormitory
officers for autumn quarter last
week. Ann FitzGerald was elected
president. Other officers include
Marcia Iloak, first vice-president;
Charlotte Smith, second vice-presi
dent; and Lois Mixter, ASSU repre
sentative.
Lagunita Hall elected dormitory
officers for autumn quarter last
week. Ann FitzGerald was elected
president. Other officers include
Marcia Iloak, first vice-president;
Charlotte Smith, second vice-presi
dent; and Lois Mixter, ASSU repre
sentative.
Lagunita Hall elected dormitory
officers for autumn quarter last
week. Ann FitzGerald was elected
president. Other officers include
Marcia Iloak, first vice-president;
Charlotte Smith, second vice-presi
dent; and Lois Mixter, ASSU repre
sentative.
Lagunita Hall elected dormitory
officers for autumn quarter last
week. Ann FitzGerald was elected
president. Other officers include
Marcia Iloak, first vice-president;
Charlotte Smith, second vice-presi
dent; and Lois Mixter, ASSU repre
sentative.
Lagunita Hall elected dormitory
officers for autumn quarter last
week. Ann FitzGerald was elected
president. Other officers include
Marcia Iloak, first vice-president;
Charlotte Smith, second vice-presi
dent; and Lois Mixter, ASSU repre
sentative.
Lagunita Hall elected dormitory
officers for autumn quarter last
week. Ann FitzGerald was elected
president. Other officers include
Marcia Iloak, first vice-president;
Charlotte Smith, second vice-presi
dent; and Lois Mixter, ASSU repre
sentative.
Lagunita Hall elected dormitory
officers for autumn quarter last
week. Ann FitzGerald was elected
president. Other officers include
Marcia Iloak, first vice-president;
Charlotte Smith, second vice-presi
dent; and Lois Mixter, ASSU repre
sentative.
Lagunita Hall elected dormitory
officers for autumn quarter last
week. Ann FitzGerald was elected
president. Other officers include
Marcia Iloak, first vice-president;
Charlotte Smith, second vice-presi
dent; and Lois Mixter, ASSU repre
sentative.
