# CHURCHILL SIGNS NAVAL PACT
## 
### 

IN A CABLE PICTURE from London, Prime Minister Churchill, right,
signs the agreement giving the United States 99-year leases on air
and naval base sites in the West Indies and Newfoundland. United
States Ambassador John G. Winant watches.

IN A CABLE PICTURE from London, Prime Minister Churchill, right,
signs the agreement giving the United States 99-year leases on air
and naval base sites in the West Indies and Newfoundland. United
States Ambassador John G. Winant watches.

IN A CABLE PICTURE from London, Prime Minister Churchill, right,
signs the agreement giving the United States 99-year leases on air
and naval base sites in the West Indies and Newfoundland. United
States Ambassador John G. Winant watches.

IN A CABLE PICTURE from London, Prime Minister Churchill, right,
signs the agreement giving the United States 99-year leases on air
and naval base sites in the West Indies and Newfoundland. United
States Ambassador John G. Winant watches.

IN A CABLE PICTURE from London, Prime Minister Churchill, right,
signs the agreement giving the United States 99-year leases on air
and naval base sites in the West Indies and Newfoundland. United
States Ambassador John G. Winant watches.

IN A CABLE PICTURE from London, Prime Minister Churchill, right,
signs the agreement giving the United States 99-year leases on air
and naval base sites in the West Indies and Newfoundland. United
States Ambassador John G. Winant watches.

IN A CABLE PICTURE from London, Prime Minister Churchill, right,
signs the agreement giving the United States 99-year leases on air
and naval base sites in the West Indies and Newfoundland. United
States Ambassador John G. Winant watches.

IN A CABLE PICTURE from London, Prime Minister Churchill, right,
signs the agreement giving the United States 99-year leases on air
and naval base sites in the West Indies and Newfoundland. United
States Ambassador John G. Winant watches.

IN A CABLE PICTURE from London, Prime Minister Churchill, right,
signs the agreement giving the United States 99-year leases on air
and naval base sites in the West Indies and Newfoundland. United
States Ambassador John G. Winant watches.

IN A CABLE PICTURE from London, Prime Minister Churchill, right,
signs the agreement giving the United States 99-year leases on air
and naval base sites in the West Indies and Newfoundland. United
States Ambassador John G. Winant watches.

IN A CABLE PICTURE from London, Prime Minister Churchill, right,
signs the agreement giving the United States 99-year leases on air
and naval base sites in the West Indies and Newfoundland. United
States Ambassador John G. Winant watches.

IN A CABLE PICTURE from London, Prime Minister Churchill, right,
signs the agreement giving the United States 99-year leases on air
and naval base sites in the West Indies and Newfoundland. United
States Ambassador John G. Winant watches.

IN A CABLE PICTURE from London, Prime Minister Churchill, right,
signs the agreement giving the United States 99-year leases on air
and naval base sites in the West Indies and Newfoundland. United
States Ambassador John G. Winant watches.

IN A CABLE PICTURE from London, Prime Minister Churchill, right,
signs the agreement giving the United States 99-year leases on air
and naval base sites in the West Indies and Newfoundland. United
States Ambassador John G. Winant watches.

IN A CABLE PICTURE from London, Prime Minister Churchill, right,
signs the agreement giving the United States 99-year leases on air
and naval base sites in the West Indies and Newfoundland. United
States Ambassador John G. Winant watches.

IN A CABLE PICTURE from London, Prime Minister Churchill, right,
signs the agreement giving the United States 99-year leases on air
and naval base sites in the West Indies and Newfoundland. United
States Ambassador John G. Winant watches.

IN A CABLE PICTURE from London, Prime Minister Churchill, right,
signs the agreement giving the United States 99-year leases on air
and naval base sites in the West Indies and Newfoundland. United
States Ambassador John G. Winant watches.

IN A CABLE PICTURE from London, Prime Minister Churchill, right,
signs the agreement giving the United States 99-year leases on air
and naval base sites in the West Indies and Newfoundland. United
States Ambassador John G. Winant watches.
