# Montalvo Society
## 
### 
To Present Tenor
The Montalvo Society will present
Lawrence Strauss, San Francisco
tenor, in the Music Room of the
Montalvo Foundation at Saratoga, on
Sunday afternoon, Feb. 9. Mr.
Strauss will include both old and
contemporary French and English
songs on his program. Elizabeth Al
exander will be his accompanist at
the piano.
To Present Tenor
The Montalvo Society will present
Lawrence Strauss, San Francisco
tenor, in the Music Room of the
Montalvo Foundation at Saratoga, on
Sunday afternoon, Feb. 9. Mr.
Strauss will include both old and
contemporary French and English
songs on his program. Elizabeth Al
exander will be his accompanist at
the piano.
To Present Tenor
The Montalvo Society will present
Lawrence Strauss, San Francisco
tenor, in the Music Room of the
Montalvo Foundation at Saratoga, on
Sunday afternoon, Feb. 9. Mr.
Strauss will include both old and
contemporary French and English
songs on his program. Elizabeth Al
exander will be his accompanist at
the piano.
To Present Tenor
The Montalvo Society will present
Lawrence Strauss, San Francisco
tenor, in the Music Room of the
Montalvo Foundation at Saratoga, on
Sunday afternoon, Feb. 9. Mr.
Strauss will include both old and
contemporary French and English
songs on his program. Elizabeth Al
exander will be his accompanist at
the piano.
To Present Tenor
The Montalvo Society will present
Lawrence Strauss, San Francisco
tenor, in the Music Room of the
Montalvo Foundation at Saratoga, on
Sunday afternoon, Feb. 9. Mr.
Strauss will include both old and
contemporary French and English
songs on his program. Elizabeth Al
exander will be his accompanist at
the piano.
To Present Tenor
The Montalvo Society will present
Lawrence Strauss, San Francisco
tenor, in the Music Room of the
Montalvo Foundation at Saratoga, on
Sunday afternoon, Feb. 9. Mr.
Strauss will include both old and
contemporary French and English
songs on his program. Elizabeth Al
exander will be his accompanist at
the piano.
To Present Tenor
The Montalvo Society will present
Lawrence Strauss, San Francisco
tenor, in the Music Room of the
Montalvo Foundation at Saratoga, on
Sunday afternoon, Feb. 9. Mr.
Strauss will include both old and
contemporary French and English
songs on his program. Elizabeth Al
exander will be his accompanist at
the piano.
To Present Tenor
The Montalvo Society will present
Lawrence Strauss, San Francisco
tenor, in the Music Room of the
Montalvo Foundation at Saratoga, on
Sunday afternoon, Feb. 9. Mr.
Strauss will include both old and
contemporary French and English
songs on his program. Elizabeth Al
exander will be his accompanist at
the piano.
To Present Tenor
The Montalvo Society will present
Lawrence Strauss, San Francisco
tenor, in the Music Room of the
Montalvo Foundation at Saratoga, on
Sunday afternoon, Feb. 9. Mr.
Strauss will include both old and
contemporary French and English
songs on his program. Elizabeth Al
exander will be his accompanist at
the piano.
To Present Tenor
The Montalvo Society will present
Lawrence Strauss, San Francisco
tenor, in the Music Room of the
Montalvo Foundation at Saratoga, on
Sunday afternoon, Feb. 9. Mr.
Strauss will include both old and
contemporary French and English
songs on his program. Elizabeth Al
exander will be his accompanist at
the piano.
To Present Tenor
The Montalvo Society will present
Lawrence Strauss, San Francisco
tenor, in the Music Room of the
Montalvo Foundation at Saratoga, on
Sunday afternoon, Feb. 9. Mr.
Strauss will include both old and
contemporary French and English
songs on his program. Elizabeth Al
exander will be his accompanist at
the piano.
To Present Tenor
The Montalvo Society will present
Lawrence Strauss, San Francisco
tenor, in the Music Room of the
Montalvo Foundation at Saratoga, on
Sunday afternoon, Feb. 9. Mr.
Strauss will include both old and
contemporary French and English
songs on his program. Elizabeth Al
exander will be his accompanist at
the piano.
To Present Tenor
The Montalvo Society will present
Lawrence Strauss, San Francisco
tenor, in the Music Room of the
Montalvo Foundation at Saratoga, on
Sunday afternoon, Feb. 9. Mr.
Strauss will include both old and
contemporary French and English
songs on his program. Elizabeth Al
exander will be his accompanist at
the piano.
To Present Tenor
The Montalvo Society will present
Lawrence Strauss, San Francisco
tenor, in the Music Room of the
Montalvo Foundation at Saratoga, on
Sunday afternoon, Feb. 9. Mr.
Strauss will include both old and
contemporary French and English
songs on his program. Elizabeth Al
exander will be his accompanist at
the piano.
To Present Tenor
The Montalvo Society will present
Lawrence Strauss, San Francisco
tenor, in the Music Room of the
Montalvo Foundation at Saratoga, on
Sunday afternoon, Feb. 9. Mr.
Strauss will include both old and
contemporary French and English
songs on his program. Elizabeth Al
exander will be his accompanist at
the piano.
To Present Tenor
The Montalvo Society will present
Lawrence Strauss, San Francisco
tenor, in the Music Room of the
Montalvo Foundation at Saratoga, on
Sunday afternoon, Feb. 9. Mr.
Strauss will include both old and
contemporary French and English
songs on his program. Elizabeth Al
exander will be his accompanist at
the piano.
To Present Tenor
The Montalvo Society will present
Lawrence Strauss, San Francisco
tenor, in the Music Room of the
Montalvo Foundation at Saratoga, on
Sunday afternoon, Feb. 9. Mr.
Strauss will include both old and
contemporary French and English
songs on his program. Elizabeth Al
exander will be his accompanist at
the piano.
To Present Tenor
The Montalvo Society will present
Lawrence Strauss, San Francisco
tenor, in the Music Room of the
Montalvo Foundation at Saratoga, on
Sunday afternoon, Feb. 9. Mr.
Strauss will include both old and
contemporary French and English
songs on his program. Elizabeth Al
exander will be his accompanist at
the piano.
