# Y.W.C.A. to Start Membership Drive
## 
### 
B. J. Binney, Y.W.C.A. personnel
and membership chairman, has an
nounced the selection of a new
membership committee to contact
and welcome new women to the
"Y."
The committee consists of Marga
ret Severance, Ann Simons, Betty
Henninger, Joan Hodgman, Cather
ine Schwartz, Betty Mae Hale,
Ticky Ellston, Carolyn Kennedy,
Loree Meek, Marion Whitbeck, Bar
bara Sanborn, Barbara Stevens,
Nancy Summerfield, Paula Ranner,
Nancy Needam, Pat Crowe. Rose
fannie Newberg, Barbara Atwood,
Pat O'Brien, Nancy Curran. Anyone
interested in joining the "Y" who
has not been contacted is welcome
to come to the "Y" rooms for in
formation.
