# STATE DEFENSE MEETING
## 
### 
State industrial leaders will meet
in Del Monte this Thursday and Fri
day to discuss training of iron,
steel, and allied industrial workers
for national defense. This confer
ence will be held under the auspices
of the California State Chamber of
Commerce.
State industrial leaders will meet
in Del Monte this Thursday and Fri
day to discuss training of iron,
steel, and allied industrial workers
for national defense. This confer
ence will be held under the auspices
of the California State Chamber of
Commerce.
State industrial leaders will meet
in Del Monte this Thursday and Fri
day to discuss training of iron,
steel, and allied industrial workers
for national defense. This confer
ence will be held under the auspices
of the California State Chamber of
Commerce.
State industrial leaders will meet
in Del Monte this Thursday and Fri
day to discuss training of iron,
steel, and allied industrial workers
for national defense. This confer
ence will be held under the auspices
of the California State Chamber of
Commerce.
State industrial leaders will meet
in Del Monte this Thursday and Fri
day to discuss training of iron,
steel, and allied industrial workers
for national defense. This confer
ence will be held under the auspices
of the California State Chamber of
Commerce.
State industrial leaders will meet
in Del Monte this Thursday and Fri
day to discuss training of iron,
steel, and allied industrial workers
for national defense. This confer
ence will be held under the auspices
of the California State Chamber of
Commerce.
State industrial leaders will meet
in Del Monte this Thursday and Fri
day to discuss training of iron,
steel, and allied industrial workers
for national defense. This confer
ence will be held under the auspices
of the California State Chamber of
Commerce.
State industrial leaders will meet
in Del Monte this Thursday and Fri
day to discuss training of iron,
steel, and allied industrial workers
for national defense. This confer
ence will be held under the auspices
of the California State Chamber of
Commerce.
State industrial leaders will meet
in Del Monte this Thursday and Fri
day to discuss training of iron,
steel, and allied industrial workers
for national defense. This confer
ence will be held under the auspices
of the California State Chamber of
Commerce.
State industrial leaders will meet
in Del Monte this Thursday and Fri
day to discuss training of iron,
steel, and allied industrial workers
for national defense. This confer
ence will be held under the auspices
of the California State Chamber of
Commerce.
State industrial leaders will meet
in Del Monte this Thursday and Fri
day to discuss training of iron,
steel, and allied industrial workers
for national defense. This confer
ence will be held under the auspices
of the California State Chamber of
Commerce.
State industrial leaders will meet
in Del Monte this Thursday and Fri
day to discuss training of iron,
steel, and allied industrial workers
for national defense. This confer
ence will be held under the auspices
of the California State Chamber of
Commerce.
State industrial leaders will meet
in Del Monte this Thursday and Fri
day to discuss training of iron,
steel, and allied industrial workers
for national defense. This confer
ence will be held under the auspices
of the California State Chamber of
Commerce.
State industrial leaders will meet
in Del Monte this Thursday and Fri
day to discuss training of iron,
steel, and allied industrial workers
for national defense. This confer
ence will be held under the auspices
of the California State Chamber of
Commerce.
State industrial leaders will meet
in Del Monte this Thursday and Fri
day to discuss training of iron,
steel, and allied industrial workers
for national defense. This confer
ence will be held under the auspices
of the California State Chamber of
Commerce.
State industrial leaders will meet
in Del Monte this Thursday and Fri
day to discuss training of iron,
steel, and allied industrial workers
for national defense. This confer
ence will be held under the auspices
of the California State Chamber of
Commerce.
State industrial leaders will meet
in Del Monte this Thursday and Fri
day to discuss training of iron,
steel, and allied industrial workers
for national defense. This confer
ence will be held under the auspices
of the California State Chamber of
Commerce.
State industrial leaders will meet
in Del Monte this Thursday and Fri
day to discuss training of iron,
steel, and allied industrial workers
for national defense. This confer
ence will be held under the auspices
of the California State Chamber of
Commerce.
