# WILLKIE IN LONDON BOMB SHELTER
## 
### 

WENDELL WILLKIE. loft, wearing a tin helmet hrtrrowed from an air-raid warden, rliats with a typical
crowd of Londoners in an air-raid shelter. Previously he had seen the effects of homhing raids on the
great British metropolis. (Kadiophoto from London)

WENDELL WILLKIE. loft, wearing a tin helmet hrtrrowed from an air-raid warden, rliats with a typical
crowd of Londoners in an air-raid shelter. Previously he had seen the effects of homhing raids on the
great British metropolis. (Kadiophoto from London)

WENDELL WILLKIE. loft, wearing a tin helmet hrtrrowed from an air-raid warden, rliats with a typical
crowd of Londoners in an air-raid shelter. Previously he had seen the effects of homhing raids on the
great British metropolis. (Kadiophoto from London)

WENDELL WILLKIE. loft, wearing a tin helmet hrtrrowed from an air-raid warden, rliats with a typical
crowd of Londoners in an air-raid shelter. Previously he had seen the effects of homhing raids on the
great British metropolis. (Kadiophoto from London)

WENDELL WILLKIE. loft, wearing a tin helmet hrtrrowed from an air-raid warden, rliats with a typical
crowd of Londoners in an air-raid shelter. Previously he had seen the effects of homhing raids on the
great British metropolis. (Kadiophoto from London)

WENDELL WILLKIE. loft, wearing a tin helmet hrtrrowed from an air-raid warden, rliats with a typical
crowd of Londoners in an air-raid shelter. Previously he had seen the effects of homhing raids on the
great British metropolis. (Kadiophoto from London)

WENDELL WILLKIE. loft, wearing a tin helmet hrtrrowed from an air-raid warden, rliats with a typical
crowd of Londoners in an air-raid shelter. Previously he had seen the effects of homhing raids on the
great British metropolis. (Kadiophoto from London)

WENDELL WILLKIE. loft, wearing a tin helmet hrtrrowed from an air-raid warden, rliats with a typical
crowd of Londoners in an air-raid shelter. Previously he had seen the effects of homhing raids on the
great British metropolis. (Kadiophoto from London)

WENDELL WILLKIE. loft, wearing a tin helmet hrtrrowed from an air-raid warden, rliats with a typical
crowd of Londoners in an air-raid shelter. Previously he had seen the effects of homhing raids on the
great British metropolis. (Kadiophoto from London)

WENDELL WILLKIE. loft, wearing a tin helmet hrtrrowed from an air-raid warden, rliats with a typical
crowd of Londoners in an air-raid shelter. Previously he had seen the effects of homhing raids on the
great British metropolis. (Kadiophoto from London)

WENDELL WILLKIE. loft, wearing a tin helmet hrtrrowed from an air-raid warden, rliats with a typical
crowd of Londoners in an air-raid shelter. Previously he had seen the effects of homhing raids on the
great British metropolis. (Kadiophoto from London)

WENDELL WILLKIE. loft, wearing a tin helmet hrtrrowed from an air-raid warden, rliats with a typical
crowd of Londoners in an air-raid shelter. Previously he had seen the effects of homhing raids on the
great British metropolis. (Kadiophoto from London)

WENDELL WILLKIE. loft, wearing a tin helmet hrtrrowed from an air-raid warden, rliats with a typical
crowd of Londoners in an air-raid shelter. Previously he had seen the effects of homhing raids on the
great British metropolis. (Kadiophoto from London)

WENDELL WILLKIE. loft, wearing a tin helmet hrtrrowed from an air-raid warden, rliats with a typical
crowd of Londoners in an air-raid shelter. Previously he had seen the effects of homhing raids on the
great British metropolis. (Kadiophoto from London)

WENDELL WILLKIE. loft, wearing a tin helmet hrtrrowed from an air-raid warden, rliats with a typical
crowd of Londoners in an air-raid shelter. Previously he had seen the effects of homhing raids on the
great British metropolis. (Kadiophoto from London)

WENDELL WILLKIE. loft, wearing a tin helmet hrtrrowed from an air-raid warden, rliats with a typical
crowd of Londoners in an air-raid shelter. Previously he had seen the effects of homhing raids on the
great British metropolis. (Kadiophoto from London)

WENDELL WILLKIE. loft, wearing a tin helmet hrtrrowed from an air-raid warden, rliats with a typical
crowd of Londoners in an air-raid shelter. Previously he had seen the effects of homhing raids on the
great British metropolis. (Kadiophoto from London)

WENDELL WILLKIE. loft, wearing a tin helmet hrtrrowed from an air-raid warden, rliats with a typical
crowd of Londoners in an air-raid shelter. Previously he had seen the effects of homhing raids on the
great British metropolis. (Kadiophoto from London)
