# 'SCIENCE RULES THE SEA'
## 
### 

THE U. S. COAST GUARD is training young men for officerships in the service at the Coast Guard Academy at New London, Conn., shown
above. A typical Coast Guard ship is shown in the upper picture. Examinations for appointment to the Academy are being given on May
14-15 of this year.

THE U. S. COAST GUARD is training young men for officerships in the service at the Coast Guard Academy at New London, Conn., shown
above. A typical Coast Guard ship is shown in the upper picture. Examinations for appointment to the Academy are being given on May
14-15 of this year.

THE U. S. COAST GUARD is training young men for officerships in the service at the Coast Guard Academy at New London, Conn., shown
above. A typical Coast Guard ship is shown in the upper picture. Examinations for appointment to the Academy are being given on May
14-15 of this year.

THE U. S. COAST GUARD is training young men for officerships in the service at the Coast Guard Academy at New London, Conn., shown
above. A typical Coast Guard ship is shown in the upper picture. Examinations for appointment to the Academy are being given on May
14-15 of this year.

THE U. S. COAST GUARD is training young men for officerships in the service at the Coast Guard Academy at New London, Conn., shown
above. A typical Coast Guard ship is shown in the upper picture. Examinations for appointment to the Academy are being given on May
14-15 of this year.

THE U. S. COAST GUARD is training young men for officerships in the service at the Coast Guard Academy at New London, Conn., shown
above. A typical Coast Guard ship is shown in the upper picture. Examinations for appointment to the Academy are being given on May
14-15 of this year.

THE U. S. COAST GUARD is training young men for officerships in the service at the Coast Guard Academy at New London, Conn., shown
above. A typical Coast Guard ship is shown in the upper picture. Examinations for appointment to the Academy are being given on May
14-15 of this year.

THE U. S. COAST GUARD is training young men for officerships in the service at the Coast Guard Academy at New London, Conn., shown
above. A typical Coast Guard ship is shown in the upper picture. Examinations for appointment to the Academy are being given on May
14-15 of this year.

THE U. S. COAST GUARD is training young men for officerships in the service at the Coast Guard Academy at New London, Conn., shown
above. A typical Coast Guard ship is shown in the upper picture. Examinations for appointment to the Academy are being given on May
14-15 of this year.

THE U. S. COAST GUARD is training young men for officerships in the service at the Coast Guard Academy at New London, Conn., shown
above. A typical Coast Guard ship is shown in the upper picture. Examinations for appointment to the Academy are being given on May
14-15 of this year.

THE U. S. COAST GUARD is training young men for officerships in the service at the Coast Guard Academy at New London, Conn., shown
above. A typical Coast Guard ship is shown in the upper picture. Examinations for appointment to the Academy are being given on May
14-15 of this year.

THE U. S. COAST GUARD is training young men for officerships in the service at the Coast Guard Academy at New London, Conn., shown
above. A typical Coast Guard ship is shown in the upper picture. Examinations for appointment to the Academy are being given on May
14-15 of this year.

THE U. S. COAST GUARD is training young men for officerships in the service at the Coast Guard Academy at New London, Conn., shown
above. A typical Coast Guard ship is shown in the upper picture. Examinations for appointment to the Academy are being given on May
14-15 of this year.

THE U. S. COAST GUARD is training young men for officerships in the service at the Coast Guard Academy at New London, Conn., shown
above. A typical Coast Guard ship is shown in the upper picture. Examinations for appointment to the Academy are being given on May
14-15 of this year.

THE U. S. COAST GUARD is training young men for officerships in the service at the Coast Guard Academy at New London, Conn., shown
above. A typical Coast Guard ship is shown in the upper picture. Examinations for appointment to the Academy are being given on May
14-15 of this year.

THE U. S. COAST GUARD is training young men for officerships in the service at the Coast Guard Academy at New London, Conn., shown
above. A typical Coast Guard ship is shown in the upper picture. Examinations for appointment to the Academy are being given on May
14-15 of this year.

THE U. S. COAST GUARD is training young men for officerships in the service at the Coast Guard Academy at New London, Conn., shown
above. A typical Coast Guard ship is shown in the upper picture. Examinations for appointment to the Academy are being given on May
14-15 of this year.

THE U. S. COAST GUARD is training young men for officerships in the service at the Coast Guard Academy at New London, Conn., shown
above. A typical Coast Guard ship is shown in the upper picture. Examinations for appointment to the Academy are being given on May
14-15 of this year.
