# PROMISES GOOD PLAY
## DEVIL'S DISCIPLE TO BE LAST PERFORMANCE. Rehearsals of Thespians Predict Excellent Presentation of Shaw's Comedy Drama. 
### 
lnv i;iot iiieatncal production of the
present semoster, tlie . 'ibined f»-
inatic Clubs' prece ;u.: •
Devil's Disciple,will undoubtedly t.
one of ihe most cleverly enacted
dramas ever staged in the Assembly
Hall. The play is to be produced by
Sword and Sandals acting in conjunc
tion with the Masquers, an association
ol' college women interested in dra
matics:.
For the past three weeks, rehearsals
of this comedy-drama by Shaw have
been held and the cast is now ac
quiring great proficiency in the pre
sentation of their parts. However, in
order to secure a perfect depiction of
the author's characters, rehearsals
will be held every day from now on
until the production of the play on
October 2D.
The cast is being trained under the
watchful eye of Frank Mathieu, the
well known dramatic coach. The
ability of Mathieu as a coach of dram
atic productions and bis experience in
staging plays render his services in
valuable to the clubs, and assures the
public a clever technical presentation
01 the play.
Not a bit of Sword and Sandal's ex
cellent collection oi scenery will be
u. Ed in the production of The Devil's
Disciple. To secure the best effects
it was decided that new scenery would
be needed for all the situations, and an
< rder was placed in the hands of
Lyons, the San Francisco scene paint
er, authorizing him to prepare the
necessary scenes regardless of ex
pense.
The play is laid in the colonial per
iod and the quaint costumes of those
times will add much to the pictures
fineness of the show. Costumes of the
period are being designed for the cast
at Goldstein's in San Francisco. Es
pecial care being taken that all the
stase settings be in accordance with
the general scheme and lend them
selves to the furthering of the depic
tion of the colonial days.
