# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The poster thief is again actively
making himself a nuisance. Cards that
advertise the next play that is to he
given in Assembly Hall have been
taken from class rooms and from the
various places in which they were
placed by the organization responsible
for the play. This pilfering is inex
cusable as the posters are placed upon
the Quad as a legitimate means of
advertising and still belong to the so
ciety responsible for their printing.
Respect for the efforts of organizations
that are endeavoring to place enter
tainments of merit before the Student
Body should prohibit such action.* But
whoever is responsible for such thiev
ing apparently does not even desire to
act fairly toward those societies and
continuously makes his unwelcome ac
tions a burden upon them. If the lar
ceny was committed after the play had
been produced, such strenuous objec
tion could not be found, but the pres
ent instance finds the posters taken
two weeks before the date of the play
and one day after they had been
placed in positions for advertising
purposes. Such thieving as this is not
to be tolerated and we hope to see a
discontinuance of the practice.
The poster thief is again actively
making himself a nuisance. Cards that
advertise the next play that is to he
given in Assembly Hall have been
taken from class rooms and from the
various places in which they were
placed by the organization responsible
for the play. This pilfering is inex
cusable as the posters are placed upon
the Quad as a legitimate means of
advertising and still belong to the so
ciety responsible for their printing.
Respect for the efforts of organizations
that are endeavoring to place enter
tainments of merit before the Student
Body should prohibit such action.* But
whoever is responsible for such thiev
ing apparently does not even desire to
act fairly toward those societies and
continuously makes his unwelcome ac
tions a burden upon them. If the lar
ceny was committed after the play had
been produced, such strenuous objec
tion could not be found, but the pres
ent instance finds the posters taken
two weeks before the date of the play
and one day after they had been
placed in positions for advertising
purposes. Such thieving as this is not
to be tolerated and we hope to see a
discontinuance of the practice.
The poster thief is again actively
making himself a nuisance. Cards that
advertise the next play that is to he
given in Assembly Hall have been
taken from class rooms and from the
various places in which they were
placed by the organization responsible
for the play. This pilfering is inex
cusable as the posters are placed upon
the Quad as a legitimate means of
advertising and still belong to the so
ciety responsible for their printing.
Respect for the efforts of organizations
that are endeavoring to place enter
tainments of merit before the Student
Body should prohibit such action.* But
whoever is responsible for such thiev
ing apparently does not even desire to
act fairly toward those societies and
continuously makes his unwelcome ac
tions a burden upon them. If the lar
ceny was committed after the play had
been produced, such strenuous objec
tion could not be found, but the pres
ent instance finds the posters taken
two weeks before the date of the play
and one day after they had been
placed in positions for advertising
purposes. Such thieving as this is not
to be tolerated and we hope to see a
discontinuance of the practice.
The poster thief is again actively
making himself a nuisance. Cards that
advertise the next play that is to he
given in Assembly Hall have been
taken from class rooms and from the
various places in which they were
placed by the organization responsible
for the play. This pilfering is inex
cusable as the posters are placed upon
the Quad as a legitimate means of
advertising and still belong to the so
ciety responsible for their printing.
Respect for the efforts of organizations
that are endeavoring to place enter
tainments of merit before the Student
Body should prohibit such action.* But
whoever is responsible for such thiev
ing apparently does not even desire to
act fairly toward those societies and
continuously makes his unwelcome ac
tions a burden upon them. If the lar
ceny was committed after the play had
been produced, such strenuous objec
tion could not be found, but the pres
ent instance finds the posters taken
two weeks before the date of the play
and one day after they had been
placed in positions for advertising
purposes. Such thieving as this is not
to be tolerated and we hope to see a
discontinuance of the practice.
The poster thief is again actively
making himself a nuisance. Cards that
advertise the next play that is to he
given in Assembly Hall have been
taken from class rooms and from the
various places in which they were
placed by the organization responsible
for the play. This pilfering is inex
cusable as the posters are placed upon
the Quad as a legitimate means of
advertising and still belong to the so
ciety responsible for their printing.
Respect for the efforts of organizations
that are endeavoring to place enter
tainments of merit before the Student
Body should prohibit such action.* But
whoever is responsible for such thiev
ing apparently does not even desire to
act fairly toward those societies and
continuously makes his unwelcome ac
tions a burden upon them. If the lar
ceny was committed after the play had
been produced, such strenuous objec
tion could not be found, but the pres
ent instance finds the posters taken
two weeks before the date of the play
and one day after they had been
placed in positions for advertising
purposes. Such thieving as this is not
to be tolerated and we hope to see a
discontinuance of the practice.
The poster thief is again actively
making himself a nuisance. Cards that
advertise the next play that is to he
given in Assembly Hall have been
taken from class rooms and from the
various places in which they were
placed by the organization responsible
for the play. This pilfering is inex
cusable as the posters are placed upon
the Quad as a legitimate means of
advertising and still belong to the so
ciety responsible for their printing.
Respect for the efforts of organizations
that are endeavoring to place enter
tainments of merit before the Student
Body should prohibit such action.* But
whoever is responsible for such thiev
ing apparently does not even desire to
act fairly toward those societies and
continuously makes his unwelcome ac
tions a burden upon them. If the lar
ceny was committed after the play had
been produced, such strenuous objec
tion could not be found, but the pres
ent instance finds the posters taken
two weeks before the date of the play
and one day after they had been
placed in positions for advertising
purposes. Such thieving as this is not
to be tolerated and we hope to see a
discontinuance of the practice.
The poster thief is again actively
making himself a nuisance. Cards that
advertise the next play that is to he
given in Assembly Hall have been
taken from class rooms and from the
various places in which they were
placed by the organization responsible
for the play. This pilfering is inex
cusable as the posters are placed upon
the Quad as a legitimate means of
advertising and still belong to the so
ciety responsible for their printing.
Respect for the efforts of organizations
that are endeavoring to place enter
tainments of merit before the Student
Body should prohibit such action.* But
whoever is responsible for such thiev
ing apparently does not even desire to
act fairly toward those societies and
continuously makes his unwelcome ac
tions a burden upon them. If the lar
ceny was committed after the play had
been produced, such strenuous objec
tion could not be found, but the pres
ent instance finds the posters taken
two weeks before the date of the play
and one day after they had been
placed in positions for advertising
purposes. Such thieving as this is not
to be tolerated and we hope to see a
discontinuance of the practice.
The poster thief is again actively
making himself a nuisance. Cards that
advertise the next play that is to he
given in Assembly Hall have been
taken from class rooms and from the
various places in which they were
placed by the organization responsible
for the play. This pilfering is inex
cusable as the posters are placed upon
the Quad as a legitimate means of
advertising and still belong to the so
ciety responsible for their printing.
Respect for the efforts of organizations
that are endeavoring to place enter
tainments of merit before the Student
Body should prohibit such action.* But
whoever is responsible for such thiev
ing apparently does not even desire to
act fairly toward those societies and
continuously makes his unwelcome ac
tions a burden upon them. If the lar
ceny was committed after the play had
been produced, such strenuous objec
tion could not be found, but the pres
ent instance finds the posters taken
two weeks before the date of the play
and one day after they had been
placed in positions for advertising
purposes. Such thieving as this is not
to be tolerated and we hope to see a
discontinuance of the practice.
The poster thief is again actively
making himself a nuisance. Cards that
advertise the next play that is to he
given in Assembly Hall have been
taken from class rooms and from the
various places in which they were
placed by the organization responsible
for the play. This pilfering is inex
cusable as the posters are placed upon
the Quad as a legitimate means of
advertising and still belong to the so
ciety responsible for their printing.
Respect for the efforts of organizations
that are endeavoring to place enter
tainments of merit before the Student
Body should prohibit such action.* But
whoever is responsible for such thiev
ing apparently does not even desire to
act fairly toward those societies and
continuously makes his unwelcome ac
tions a burden upon them. If the lar
ceny was committed after the play had
been produced, such strenuous objec
tion could not be found, but the pres
ent instance finds the posters taken
two weeks before the date of the play
and one day after they had been
placed in positions for advertising
purposes. Such thieving as this is not
to be tolerated and we hope to see a
discontinuance of the practice.
The poster thief is again actively
making himself a nuisance. Cards that
advertise the next play that is to he
given in Assembly Hall have been
taken from class rooms and from the
various places in which they were
placed by the organization responsible
for the play. This pilfering is inex
cusable as the posters are placed upon
the Quad as a legitimate means of
advertising and still belong to the so
ciety responsible for their printing.
Respect for the efforts of organizations
that are endeavoring to place enter
tainments of merit before the Student
Body should prohibit such action.* But
whoever is responsible for such thiev
ing apparently does not even desire to
act fairly toward those societies and
continuously makes his unwelcome ac
tions a burden upon them. If the lar
ceny was committed after the play had
been produced, such strenuous objec
tion could not be found, but the pres
ent instance finds the posters taken
two weeks before the date of the play
and one day after they had been
placed in positions for advertising
purposes. Such thieving as this is not
to be tolerated and we hope to see a
discontinuance of the practice.
The poster thief is again actively
making himself a nuisance. Cards that
advertise the next play that is to he
given in Assembly Hall have been
taken from class rooms and from the
various places in which they were
placed by the organization responsible
for the play. This pilfering is inex
cusable as the posters are placed upon
the Quad as a legitimate means of
advertising and still belong to the so
ciety responsible for their printing.
Respect for the efforts of organizations
that are endeavoring to place enter
tainments of merit before the Student
Body should prohibit such action.* But
whoever is responsible for such thiev
ing apparently does not even desire to
act fairly toward those societies and
continuously makes his unwelcome ac
tions a burden upon them. If the lar
ceny was committed after the play had
been produced, such strenuous objec
tion could not be found, but the pres
ent instance finds the posters taken
two weeks before the date of the play
and one day after they had been
placed in positions for advertising
purposes. Such thieving as this is not
to be tolerated and we hope to see a
discontinuance of the practice.
