# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
Styled by Jernat
Knobby Knit in a
Sloppy Joe
SLIPOVER
Full fashioned set in
sleeve — snugly fitted at
wrist. Crew neckline.
Grey, beige, aqua, yellow,
blue, melon.
Sizes 34 to 40
7.95
PALO ALTO
Styled by Jernat
Knobby Knit in a
Sloppy Joe
SLIPOVER
Full fashioned set in
sleeve — snugly fitted at
wrist. Crew neckline.
Grey, beige, aqua, yellow,
blue, melon.
Sizes 34 to 40
7.95
PALO ALTO
Styled by Jernat
Knobby Knit in a
Sloppy Joe
SLIPOVER
Full fashioned set in
sleeve — snugly fitted at
wrist. Crew neckline.
Grey, beige, aqua, yellow,
blue, melon.
Sizes 34 to 40
7.95
PALO ALTO
Styled by Jernat
Knobby Knit in a
Sloppy Joe
SLIPOVER
Full fashioned set in
sleeve — snugly fitted at
wrist. Crew neckline.
Grey, beige, aqua, yellow,
blue, melon.
Sizes 34 to 40
7.95
PALO ALTO
Styled by Jernat
Knobby Knit in a
Sloppy Joe
SLIPOVER
Full fashioned set in
sleeve — snugly fitted at
wrist. Crew neckline.
Grey, beige, aqua, yellow,
blue, melon.
Sizes 34 to 40
7.95
PALO ALTO
Styled by Jernat
Knobby Knit in a
Sloppy Joe
SLIPOVER
Full fashioned set in
sleeve — snugly fitted at
wrist. Crew neckline.
Grey, beige, aqua, yellow,
blue, melon.
Sizes 34 to 40
7.95
PALO ALTO
Styled by Jernat
Knobby Knit in a
Sloppy Joe
SLIPOVER
Full fashioned set in
sleeve — snugly fitted at
wrist. Crew neckline.
Grey, beige, aqua, yellow,
blue, melon.
Sizes 34 to 40
7.95
PALO ALTO
Styled by Jernat
Knobby Knit in a
Sloppy Joe
SLIPOVER
Full fashioned set in
sleeve — snugly fitted at
wrist. Crew neckline.
Grey, beige, aqua, yellow,
blue, melon.
Sizes 34 to 40
7.95
PALO ALTO
Styled by Jernat
Knobby Knit in a
Sloppy Joe
SLIPOVER
Full fashioned set in
sleeve — snugly fitted at
wrist. Crew neckline.
Grey, beige, aqua, yellow,
blue, melon.
Sizes 34 to 40
7.95
PALO ALTO
Styled by Jernat
Knobby Knit in a
Sloppy Joe
SLIPOVER
Full fashioned set in
sleeve — snugly fitted at
wrist. Crew neckline.
Grey, beige, aqua, yellow,
blue, melon.
Sizes 34 to 40
7.95
PALO ALTO
Styled by Jernat
Knobby Knit in a
Sloppy Joe
SLIPOVER
Full fashioned set in
sleeve — snugly fitted at
wrist. Crew neckline.
Grey, beige, aqua, yellow,
blue, melon.
Sizes 34 to 40
7.95
PALO ALTO
Styled by Jernat
Knobby Knit in a
Sloppy Joe
SLIPOVER
Full fashioned set in
sleeve — snugly fitted at
wrist. Crew neckline.
Grey, beige, aqua, yellow,
blue, melon.
Sizes 34 to 40
7.95
PALO ALTO
Styled by Jernat
Knobby Knit in a
Sloppy Joe
SLIPOVER
Full fashioned set in
sleeve — snugly fitted at
wrist. Crew neckline.
Grey, beige, aqua, yellow,
blue, melon.
Sizes 34 to 40
7.95
PALO ALTO
Styled by Jernat
Knobby Knit in a
Sloppy Joe
SLIPOVER
Full fashioned set in
sleeve — snugly fitted at
wrist. Crew neckline.
Grey, beige, aqua, yellow,
blue, melon.
Sizes 34 to 40
7.95
PALO ALTO
Styled by Jernat
Knobby Knit in a
Sloppy Joe
SLIPOVER
Full fashioned set in
sleeve — snugly fitted at
wrist. Crew neckline.
Grey, beige, aqua, yellow,
blue, melon.
Sizes 34 to 40
7.95
PALO ALTO
Styled by Jernat
Knobby Knit in a
Sloppy Joe
SLIPOVER
Full fashioned set in
sleeve — snugly fitted at
wrist. Crew neckline.
Grey, beige, aqua, yellow,
blue, melon.
Sizes 34 to 40
7.95
PALO ALTO
