# Congress Considers Truman Legislation
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Sept. 30 (UP).—
Legislation permitting Pi-esident
Truman to set his own house in
order comes before Congress this
week. Indications tonight were that
some legislators want to help him
do it.
The House executive expenditures
committee will bring to the floor,
probably Wednesday, a measure au
thorizing the President to regroup,
co-ordinate or abolish most of the
approximately 100 agencies in the
executive department and their
functions.
In line with presidential recom
mendations, the bill will authorize
the chief executive to submit plans
for reorganization. They would be
come law in 60 legislative days un
less rejected by a majority vote of
both houses.
GOP Seeks Cheek
Some Republican leaders served
notice that they will seek to amend
the bill so that any recommended
reorganization would become effec
tive only by affirmative action.
He asked permanent legislation so
that he could submit reorganization
plans at various times, "each such
plan to become effective unless the
Congress should reject it by con
current resolution." Such a plan
of joint action, he emphasized,
would produce "far better results
than can be achieved by the usual
legislative processes."
No Blank Check
"The responsibility of conducting
the executive branch rests upon the
President," he counseled. "It is fair
and efficient to permit him to lay
out. the machinery for carrying out
that responsibility."

But Rep. Clare Hoffman, R., Mich.,
ranking minority member of the
expenditures committee, disagreed.
Asserting that he was against giv
ing the President a "blank check"
fpr reorganization, he said he will
introduce an amendment for affir
mative action as soon as the legisla
tion is introduced.
Executive department reorgani
zation is one of the "musts" on Mr.
Truman's 21 - point reconversion
program, which already has met ob
stacles on Capitol Hill. The Senate
has approved jobless pay legisla
tion but watered it down by remov
ing a $25-a-week payment feature.
The House pigeon-holed companion
legislation in committee, but has
been asked by the White House to
revive it.
The Senate also is occupied, at
the subcommittee level, with a gov
ernment reorganization bill. Chair
man Pat McCarran, D., Nev., of the
Senate judiciary committee, hopes
to get it to the floor by the second
week of October.
Under the House bill, four agen
cies would be exempt from reor
ganization. They are the Interstate
Commerce Commission, Federal
Trade Commission, Security and
Exchange Commission and the Gen
eral Accounting Oflicc.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 30 (UP).—
Legislation permitting Pi-esident
Truman to set his own house in
order comes before Congress this
week. Indications tonight were that
some legislators want to help him
do it.
The House executive expenditures
committee will bring to the floor,
probably Wednesday, a measure au
thorizing the President to regroup,
co-ordinate or abolish most of the
approximately 100 agencies in the
executive department and their
functions.
In line with presidential recom
mendations, the bill will authorize
the chief executive to submit plans
for reorganization. They would be
come law in 60 legislative days un
less rejected by a majority vote of
both houses.
GOP Seeks Cheek
Some Republican leaders served
notice that they will seek to amend
the bill so that any recommended
reorganization would become effec
tive only by affirmative action.
He asked permanent legislation so
that he could submit reorganization
plans at various times, "each such
plan to become effective unless the
Congress should reject it by con
current resolution." Such a plan
of joint action, he emphasized,
would produce "far better results
than can be achieved by the usual
legislative processes."
No Blank Check
"The responsibility of conducting
the executive branch rests upon the
President," he counseled. "It is fair
and efficient to permit him to lay
out. the machinery for carrying out
that responsibility."

But Rep. Clare Hoffman, R., Mich.,
ranking minority member of the
expenditures committee, disagreed.
Asserting that he was against giv
ing the President a "blank check"
fpr reorganization, he said he will
introduce an amendment for affir
mative action as soon as the legisla
tion is introduced.
Executive department reorgani
zation is one of the "musts" on Mr.
Truman's 21 - point reconversion
program, which already has met ob
stacles on Capitol Hill. The Senate
has approved jobless pay legisla
tion but watered it down by remov
ing a $25-a-week payment feature.
The House pigeon-holed companion
legislation in committee, but has
been asked by the White House to
revive it.
The Senate also is occupied, at
the subcommittee level, with a gov
ernment reorganization bill. Chair
man Pat McCarran, D., Nev., of the
Senate judiciary committee, hopes
to get it to the floor by the second
week of October.
Under the House bill, four agen
cies would be exempt from reor
ganization. They are the Interstate
Commerce Commission, Federal
Trade Commission, Security and
Exchange Commission and the Gen
eral Accounting Oflicc.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 30 (UP).—
Legislation permitting Pi-esident
Truman to set his own house in
order comes before Congress this
week. Indications tonight were that
some legislators want to help him
do it.
The House executive expenditures
committee will bring to the floor,
probably Wednesday, a measure au
thorizing the President to regroup,
co-ordinate or abolish most of the
approximately 100 agencies in the
executive department and their
functions.
In line with presidential recom
mendations, the bill will authorize
the chief executive to submit plans
for reorganization. They would be
come law in 60 legislative days un
less rejected by a majority vote of
both houses.
GOP Seeks Cheek
Some Republican leaders served
notice that they will seek to amend
the bill so that any recommended
reorganization would become effec
tive only by affirmative action.
He asked permanent legislation so
that he could submit reorganization
plans at various times, "each such
plan to become effective unless the
Congress should reject it by con
current resolution." Such a plan
of joint action, he emphasized,
would produce "far better results
than can be achieved by the usual
legislative processes."
No Blank Check
"The responsibility of conducting
the executive branch rests upon the
President," he counseled. "It is fair
and efficient to permit him to lay
out. the machinery for carrying out
that responsibility."

But Rep. Clare Hoffman, R., Mich.,
ranking minority member of the
expenditures committee, disagreed.
Asserting that he was against giv
ing the President a "blank check"
fpr reorganization, he said he will
introduce an amendment for affir
mative action as soon as the legisla
tion is introduced.
Executive department reorgani
zation is one of the "musts" on Mr.
Truman's 21 - point reconversion
program, which already has met ob
stacles on Capitol Hill. The Senate
has approved jobless pay legisla
tion but watered it down by remov
ing a $25-a-week payment feature.
The House pigeon-holed companion
legislation in committee, but has
been asked by the White House to
revive it.
The Senate also is occupied, at
the subcommittee level, with a gov
ernment reorganization bill. Chair
man Pat McCarran, D., Nev., of the
Senate judiciary committee, hopes
to get it to the floor by the second
week of October.
Under the House bill, four agen
cies would be exempt from reor
ganization. They are the Interstate
Commerce Commission, Federal
Trade Commission, Security and
Exchange Commission and the Gen
eral Accounting Oflicc.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 30 (UP).—
Legislation permitting Pi-esident
Truman to set his own house in
order comes before Congress this
week. Indications tonight were that
some legislators want to help him
do it.
The House executive expenditures
committee will bring to the floor,
probably Wednesday, a measure au
thorizing the President to regroup,
co-ordinate or abolish most of the
approximately 100 agencies in the
executive department and their
functions.
In line with presidential recom
mendations, the bill will authorize
the chief executive to submit plans
for reorganization. They would be
come law in 60 legislative days un
less rejected by a majority vote of
both houses.
GOP Seeks Cheek
Some Republican leaders served
notice that they will seek to amend
the bill so that any recommended
reorganization would become effec
tive only by affirmative action.
He asked permanent legislation so
that he could submit reorganization
plans at various times, "each such
plan to become effective unless the
Congress should reject it by con
current resolution." Such a plan
of joint action, he emphasized,
would produce "far better results
than can be achieved by the usual
legislative processes."
No Blank Check
"The responsibility of conducting
the executive branch rests upon the
President," he counseled. "It is fair
and efficient to permit him to lay
out. the machinery for carrying out
that responsibility."

But Rep. Clare Hoffman, R., Mich.,
ranking minority member of the
expenditures committee, disagreed.
Asserting that he was against giv
ing the President a "blank check"
fpr reorganization, he said he will
introduce an amendment for affir
mative action as soon as the legisla
tion is introduced.
Executive department reorgani
zation is one of the "musts" on Mr.
Truman's 21 - point reconversion
program, which already has met ob
stacles on Capitol Hill. The Senate
has approved jobless pay legisla
tion but watered it down by remov
ing a $25-a-week payment feature.
The House pigeon-holed companion
legislation in committee, but has
been asked by the White House to
revive it.
The Senate also is occupied, at
the subcommittee level, with a gov
ernment reorganization bill. Chair
man Pat McCarran, D., Nev., of the
Senate judiciary committee, hopes
to get it to the floor by the second
week of October.
Under the House bill, four agen
cies would be exempt from reor
ganization. They are the Interstate
Commerce Commission, Federal
Trade Commission, Security and
Exchange Commission and the Gen
eral Accounting Oflicc.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 30 (UP).—
Legislation permitting Pi-esident
Truman to set his own house in
order comes before Congress this
week. Indications tonight were that
some legislators want to help him
do it.
The House executive expenditures
committee will bring to the floor,
probably Wednesday, a measure au
thorizing the President to regroup,
co-ordinate or abolish most of the
approximately 100 agencies in the
executive department and their
functions.
In line with presidential recom
mendations, the bill will authorize
the chief executive to submit plans
for reorganization. They would be
come law in 60 legislative days un
less rejected by a majority vote of
both houses.
GOP Seeks Cheek
Some Republican leaders served
notice that they will seek to amend
the bill so that any recommended
reorganization would become effec
tive only by affirmative action.
He asked permanent legislation so
that he could submit reorganization
plans at various times, "each such
plan to become effective unless the
Congress should reject it by con
current resolution." Such a plan
of joint action, he emphasized,
would produce "far better results
than can be achieved by the usual
legislative processes."
No Blank Check
"The responsibility of conducting
the executive branch rests upon the
President," he counseled. "It is fair
and efficient to permit him to lay
out. the machinery for carrying out
that responsibility."

But Rep. Clare Hoffman, R., Mich.,
ranking minority member of the
expenditures committee, disagreed.
Asserting that he was against giv
ing the President a "blank check"
fpr reorganization, he said he will
introduce an amendment for affir
mative action as soon as the legisla
tion is introduced.
Executive department reorgani
zation is one of the "musts" on Mr.
Truman's 21 - point reconversion
program, which already has met ob
stacles on Capitol Hill. The Senate
has approved jobless pay legisla
tion but watered it down by remov
ing a $25-a-week payment feature.
The House pigeon-holed companion
legislation in committee, but has
been asked by the White House to
revive it.
The Senate also is occupied, at
the subcommittee level, with a gov
ernment reorganization bill. Chair
man Pat McCarran, D., Nev., of the
Senate judiciary committee, hopes
to get it to the floor by the second
week of October.
Under the House bill, four agen
cies would be exempt from reor
ganization. They are the Interstate
Commerce Commission, Federal
Trade Commission, Security and
Exchange Commission and the Gen
eral Accounting Oflicc.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 30 (UP).—
Legislation permitting Pi-esident
Truman to set his own house in
order comes before Congress this
week. Indications tonight were that
some legislators want to help him
do it.
The House executive expenditures
committee will bring to the floor,
probably Wednesday, a measure au
thorizing the President to regroup,
co-ordinate or abolish most of the
approximately 100 agencies in the
executive department and their
functions.
In line with presidential recom
mendations, the bill will authorize
the chief executive to submit plans
for reorganization. They would be
come law in 60 legislative days un
less rejected by a majority vote of
both houses.
GOP Seeks Cheek
Some Republican leaders served
notice that they will seek to amend
the bill so that any recommended
reorganization would become effec
tive only by affirmative action.
He asked permanent legislation so
that he could submit reorganization
plans at various times, "each such
plan to become effective unless the
Congress should reject it by con
current resolution." Such a plan
of joint action, he emphasized,
would produce "far better results
than can be achieved by the usual
legislative processes."
No Blank Check
"The responsibility of conducting
the executive branch rests upon the
President," he counseled. "It is fair
and efficient to permit him to lay
out. the machinery for carrying out
that responsibility."

But Rep. Clare Hoffman, R., Mich.,
ranking minority member of the
expenditures committee, disagreed.
Asserting that he was against giv
ing the President a "blank check"
fpr reorganization, he said he will
introduce an amendment for affir
mative action as soon as the legisla
tion is introduced.
Executive department reorgani
zation is one of the "musts" on Mr.
Truman's 21 - point reconversion
program, which already has met ob
stacles on Capitol Hill. The Senate
has approved jobless pay legisla
tion but watered it down by remov
ing a $25-a-week payment feature.
The House pigeon-holed companion
legislation in committee, but has
been asked by the White House to
revive it.
The Senate also is occupied, at
the subcommittee level, with a gov
ernment reorganization bill. Chair
man Pat McCarran, D., Nev., of the
Senate judiciary committee, hopes
to get it to the floor by the second
week of October.
Under the House bill, four agen
cies would be exempt from reor
ganization. They are the Interstate
Commerce Commission, Federal
Trade Commission, Security and
Exchange Commission and the Gen
eral Accounting Oflicc.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 30 (UP).—
Legislation permitting Pi-esident
Truman to set his own house in
order comes before Congress this
week. Indications tonight were that
some legislators want to help him
do it.
The House executive expenditures
committee will bring to the floor,
probably Wednesday, a measure au
thorizing the President to regroup,
co-ordinate or abolish most of the
approximately 100 agencies in the
executive department and their
functions.
In line with presidential recom
mendations, the bill will authorize
the chief executive to submit plans
for reorganization. They would be
come law in 60 legislative days un
less rejected by a majority vote of
both houses.
GOP Seeks Cheek
Some Republican leaders served
notice that they will seek to amend
the bill so that any recommended
reorganization would become effec
tive only by affirmative action.
He asked permanent legislation so
that he could submit reorganization
plans at various times, "each such
plan to become effective unless the
Congress should reject it by con
current resolution." Such a plan
of joint action, he emphasized,
would produce "far better results
than can be achieved by the usual
legislative processes."
No Blank Check
"The responsibility of conducting
the executive branch rests upon the
President," he counseled. "It is fair
and efficient to permit him to lay
out. the machinery for carrying out
that responsibility."

But Rep. Clare Hoffman, R., Mich.,
ranking minority member of the
expenditures committee, disagreed.
Asserting that he was against giv
ing the President a "blank check"
fpr reorganization, he said he will
introduce an amendment for affir
mative action as soon as the legisla
tion is introduced.
Executive department reorgani
zation is one of the "musts" on Mr.
Truman's 21 - point reconversion
program, which already has met ob
stacles on Capitol Hill. The Senate
has approved jobless pay legisla
tion but watered it down by remov
ing a $25-a-week payment feature.
The House pigeon-holed companion
legislation in committee, but has
been asked by the White House to
revive it.
The Senate also is occupied, at
the subcommittee level, with a gov
ernment reorganization bill. Chair
man Pat McCarran, D., Nev., of the
Senate judiciary committee, hopes
to get it to the floor by the second
week of October.
Under the House bill, four agen
cies would be exempt from reor
ganization. They are the Interstate
Commerce Commission, Federal
Trade Commission, Security and
Exchange Commission and the Gen
eral Accounting Oflicc.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 30 (UP).—
Legislation permitting Pi-esident
Truman to set his own house in
order comes before Congress this
week. Indications tonight were that
some legislators want to help him
do it.
The House executive expenditures
committee will bring to the floor,
probably Wednesday, a measure au
thorizing the President to regroup,
co-ordinate or abolish most of the
approximately 100 agencies in the
executive department and their
functions.
In line with presidential recom
mendations, the bill will authorize
the chief executive to submit plans
for reorganization. They would be
come law in 60 legislative days un
less rejected by a majority vote of
both houses.
GOP Seeks Cheek
Some Republican leaders served
notice that they will seek to amend
the bill so that any recommended
reorganization would become effec
tive only by affirmative action.
He asked permanent legislation so
that he could submit reorganization
plans at various times, "each such
plan to become effective unless the
Congress should reject it by con
current resolution." Such a plan
of joint action, he emphasized,
would produce "far better results
than can be achieved by the usual
legislative processes."
No Blank Check
"The responsibility of conducting
the executive branch rests upon the
President," he counseled. "It is fair
and efficient to permit him to lay
out. the machinery for carrying out
that responsibility."

But Rep. Clare Hoffman, R., Mich.,
ranking minority member of the
expenditures committee, disagreed.
Asserting that he was against giv
ing the President a "blank check"
fpr reorganization, he said he will
introduce an amendment for affir
mative action as soon as the legisla
tion is introduced.
Executive department reorgani
zation is one of the "musts" on Mr.
Truman's 21 - point reconversion
program, which already has met ob
stacles on Capitol Hill. The Senate
has approved jobless pay legisla
tion but watered it down by remov
ing a $25-a-week payment feature.
The House pigeon-holed companion
legislation in committee, but has
been asked by the White House to
revive it.
The Senate also is occupied, at
the subcommittee level, with a gov
ernment reorganization bill. Chair
man Pat McCarran, D., Nev., of the
Senate judiciary committee, hopes
to get it to the floor by the second
week of October.
Under the House bill, four agen
cies would be exempt from reor
ganization. They are the Interstate
Commerce Commission, Federal
Trade Commission, Security and
Exchange Commission and the Gen
eral Accounting Oflicc.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 30 (UP).—
Legislation permitting Pi-esident
Truman to set his own house in
order comes before Congress this
week. Indications tonight were that
some legislators want to help him
do it.
The House executive expenditures
committee will bring to the floor,
probably Wednesday, a measure au
thorizing the President to regroup,
co-ordinate or abolish most of the
approximately 100 agencies in the
executive department and their
functions.
In line with presidential recom
mendations, the bill will authorize
the chief executive to submit plans
for reorganization. They would be
come law in 60 legislative days un
less rejected by a majority vote of
both houses.
GOP Seeks Cheek
Some Republican leaders served
notice that they will seek to amend
the bill so that any recommended
reorganization would become effec
tive only by affirmative action.
He asked permanent legislation so
that he could submit reorganization
plans at various times, "each such
plan to become effective unless the
Congress should reject it by con
current resolution." Such a plan
of joint action, he emphasized,
would produce "far better results
than can be achieved by the usual
legislative processes."
No Blank Check
"The responsibility of conducting
the executive branch rests upon the
President," he counseled. "It is fair
and efficient to permit him to lay
out. the machinery for carrying out
that responsibility."

But Rep. Clare Hoffman, R., Mich.,
ranking minority member of the
expenditures committee, disagreed.
Asserting that he was against giv
ing the President a "blank check"
fpr reorganization, he said he will
introduce an amendment for affir
mative action as soon as the legisla
tion is introduced.
Executive department reorgani
zation is one of the "musts" on Mr.
Truman's 21 - point reconversion
program, which already has met ob
stacles on Capitol Hill. The Senate
has approved jobless pay legisla
tion but watered it down by remov
ing a $25-a-week payment feature.
The House pigeon-holed companion
legislation in committee, but has
been asked by the White House to
revive it.
The Senate also is occupied, at
the subcommittee level, with a gov
ernment reorganization bill. Chair
man Pat McCarran, D., Nev., of the
Senate judiciary committee, hopes
to get it to the floor by the second
week of October.
Under the House bill, four agen
cies would be exempt from reor
ganization. They are the Interstate
Commerce Commission, Federal
Trade Commission, Security and
Exchange Commission and the Gen
eral Accounting Oflicc.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 30 (UP).—
Legislation permitting Pi-esident
Truman to set his own house in
order comes before Congress this
week. Indications tonight were that
some legislators want to help him
do it.
The House executive expenditures
committee will bring to the floor,
probably Wednesday, a measure au
thorizing the President to regroup,
co-ordinate or abolish most of the
approximately 100 agencies in the
executive department and their
functions.
In line with presidential recom
mendations, the bill will authorize
the chief executive to submit plans
for reorganization. They would be
come law in 60 legislative days un
less rejected by a majority vote of
both houses.
GOP Seeks Cheek
Some Republican leaders served
notice that they will seek to amend
the bill so that any recommended
reorganization would become effec
tive only by affirmative action.
He asked permanent legislation so
that he could submit reorganization
plans at various times, "each such
plan to become effective unless the
Congress should reject it by con
current resolution." Such a plan
of joint action, he emphasized,
would produce "far better results
than can be achieved by the usual
legislative processes."
No Blank Check
"The responsibility of conducting
the executive branch rests upon the
President," he counseled. "It is fair
and efficient to permit him to lay
out. the machinery for carrying out
that responsibility."

But Rep. Clare Hoffman, R., Mich.,
ranking minority member of the
expenditures committee, disagreed.
Asserting that he was against giv
ing the President a "blank check"
fpr reorganization, he said he will
introduce an amendment for affir
mative action as soon as the legisla
tion is introduced.
Executive department reorgani
zation is one of the "musts" on Mr.
Truman's 21 - point reconversion
program, which already has met ob
stacles on Capitol Hill. The Senate
has approved jobless pay legisla
tion but watered it down by remov
ing a $25-a-week payment feature.
The House pigeon-holed companion
legislation in committee, but has
been asked by the White House to
revive it.
The Senate also is occupied, at
the subcommittee level, with a gov
ernment reorganization bill. Chair
man Pat McCarran, D., Nev., of the
Senate judiciary committee, hopes
to get it to the floor by the second
week of October.
Under the House bill, four agen
cies would be exempt from reor
ganization. They are the Interstate
Commerce Commission, Federal
Trade Commission, Security and
Exchange Commission and the Gen
eral Accounting Oflicc.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 30 (UP).—
Legislation permitting Pi-esident
Truman to set his own house in
order comes before Congress this
week. Indications tonight were that
some legislators want to help him
do it.
The House executive expenditures
committee will bring to the floor,
probably Wednesday, a measure au
thorizing the President to regroup,
co-ordinate or abolish most of the
approximately 100 agencies in the
executive department and their
functions.
In line with presidential recom
mendations, the bill will authorize
the chief executive to submit plans
for reorganization. They would be
come law in 60 legislative days un
less rejected by a majority vote of
both houses.
GOP Seeks Cheek
Some Republican leaders served
notice that they will seek to amend
the bill so that any recommended
reorganization would become effec
tive only by affirmative action.
He asked permanent legislation so
that he could submit reorganization
plans at various times, "each such
plan to become effective unless the
Congress should reject it by con
current resolution." Such a plan
of joint action, he emphasized,
would produce "far better results
than can be achieved by the usual
legislative processes."
No Blank Check
"The responsibility of conducting
the executive branch rests upon the
President," he counseled. "It is fair
and efficient to permit him to lay
out. the machinery for carrying out
that responsibility."

But Rep. Clare Hoffman, R., Mich.,
ranking minority member of the
expenditures committee, disagreed.
Asserting that he was against giv
ing the President a "blank check"
fpr reorganization, he said he will
introduce an amendment for affir
mative action as soon as the legisla
tion is introduced.
Executive department reorgani
zation is one of the "musts" on Mr.
Truman's 21 - point reconversion
program, which already has met ob
stacles on Capitol Hill. The Senate
has approved jobless pay legisla
tion but watered it down by remov
ing a $25-a-week payment feature.
The House pigeon-holed companion
legislation in committee, but has
been asked by the White House to
revive it.
The Senate also is occupied, at
the subcommittee level, with a gov
ernment reorganization bill. Chair
man Pat McCarran, D., Nev., of the
Senate judiciary committee, hopes
to get it to the floor by the second
week of October.
Under the House bill, four agen
cies would be exempt from reor
ganization. They are the Interstate
Commerce Commission, Federal
Trade Commission, Security and
Exchange Commission and the Gen
eral Accounting Oflicc.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 30 (UP).—
Legislation permitting Pi-esident
Truman to set his own house in
order comes before Congress this
week. Indications tonight were that
some legislators want to help him
do it.
The House executive expenditures
committee will bring to the floor,
probably Wednesday, a measure au
thorizing the President to regroup,
co-ordinate or abolish most of the
approximately 100 agencies in the
executive department and their
functions.
In line with presidential recom
mendations, the bill will authorize
the chief executive to submit plans
for reorganization. They would be
come law in 60 legislative days un
less rejected by a majority vote of
both houses.
GOP Seeks Cheek
Some Republican leaders served
notice that they will seek to amend
the bill so that any recommended
reorganization would become effec
tive only by affirmative action.
He asked permanent legislation so
that he could submit reorganization
plans at various times, "each such
plan to become effective unless the
Congress should reject it by con
current resolution." Such a plan
of joint action, he emphasized,
would produce "far better results
than can be achieved by the usual
legislative processes."
No Blank Check
"The responsibility of conducting
the executive branch rests upon the
President," he counseled. "It is fair
and efficient to permit him to lay
out. the machinery for carrying out
that responsibility."

But Rep. Clare Hoffman, R., Mich.,
ranking minority member of the
expenditures committee, disagreed.
Asserting that he was against giv
ing the President a "blank check"
fpr reorganization, he said he will
introduce an amendment for affir
mative action as soon as the legisla
tion is introduced.
Executive department reorgani
zation is one of the "musts" on Mr.
Truman's 21 - point reconversion
program, which already has met ob
stacles on Capitol Hill. The Senate
has approved jobless pay legisla
tion but watered it down by remov
ing a $25-a-week payment feature.
The House pigeon-holed companion
legislation in committee, but has
been asked by the White House to
revive it.
The Senate also is occupied, at
the subcommittee level, with a gov
ernment reorganization bill. Chair
man Pat McCarran, D., Nev., of the
Senate judiciary committee, hopes
to get it to the floor by the second
week of October.
Under the House bill, four agen
cies would be exempt from reor
ganization. They are the Interstate
Commerce Commission, Federal
Trade Commission, Security and
Exchange Commission and the Gen
eral Accounting Oflicc.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 30 (UP).—
Legislation permitting Pi-esident
Truman to set his own house in
order comes before Congress this
week. Indications tonight were that
some legislators want to help him
do it.
The House executive expenditures
committee will bring to the floor,
probably Wednesday, a measure au
thorizing the President to regroup,
co-ordinate or abolish most of the
approximately 100 agencies in the
executive department and their
functions.
In line with presidential recom
mendations, the bill will authorize
the chief executive to submit plans
for reorganization. They would be
come law in 60 legislative days un
less rejected by a majority vote of
both houses.
GOP Seeks Cheek
Some Republican leaders served
notice that they will seek to amend
the bill so that any recommended
reorganization would become effec
tive only by affirmative action.
He asked permanent legislation so
that he could submit reorganization
plans at various times, "each such
plan to become effective unless the
Congress should reject it by con
current resolution." Such a plan
of joint action, he emphasized,
would produce "far better results
than can be achieved by the usual
legislative processes."
No Blank Check
"The responsibility of conducting
the executive branch rests upon the
President," he counseled. "It is fair
and efficient to permit him to lay
out. the machinery for carrying out
that responsibility."

But Rep. Clare Hoffman, R., Mich.,
ranking minority member of the
expenditures committee, disagreed.
Asserting that he was against giv
ing the President a "blank check"
fpr reorganization, he said he will
introduce an amendment for affir
mative action as soon as the legisla
tion is introduced.
Executive department reorgani
zation is one of the "musts" on Mr.
Truman's 21 - point reconversion
program, which already has met ob
stacles on Capitol Hill. The Senate
has approved jobless pay legisla
tion but watered it down by remov
ing a $25-a-week payment feature.
The House pigeon-holed companion
legislation in committee, but has
been asked by the White House to
revive it.
The Senate also is occupied, at
the subcommittee level, with a gov
ernment reorganization bill. Chair
man Pat McCarran, D., Nev., of the
Senate judiciary committee, hopes
to get it to the floor by the second
week of October.
Under the House bill, four agen
cies would be exempt from reor
ganization. They are the Interstate
Commerce Commission, Federal
Trade Commission, Security and
Exchange Commission and the Gen
eral Accounting Oflicc.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 30 (UP).—
Legislation permitting Pi-esident
Truman to set his own house in
order comes before Congress this
week. Indications tonight were that
some legislators want to help him
do it.
The House executive expenditures
committee will bring to the floor,
probably Wednesday, a measure au
thorizing the President to regroup,
co-ordinate or abolish most of the
approximately 100 agencies in the
executive department and their
functions.
In line with presidential recom
mendations, the bill will authorize
the chief executive to submit plans
for reorganization. They would be
come law in 60 legislative days un
less rejected by a majority vote of
both houses.
GOP Seeks Cheek
Some Republican leaders served
notice that they will seek to amend
the bill so that any recommended
reorganization would become effec
tive only by affirmative action.
He asked permanent legislation so
that he could submit reorganization
plans at various times, "each such
plan to become effective unless the
Congress should reject it by con
current resolution." Such a plan
of joint action, he emphasized,
would produce "far better results
than can be achieved by the usual
legislative processes."
No Blank Check
"The responsibility of conducting
the executive branch rests upon the
President," he counseled. "It is fair
and efficient to permit him to lay
out. the machinery for carrying out
that responsibility."

But Rep. Clare Hoffman, R., Mich.,
ranking minority member of the
expenditures committee, disagreed.
Asserting that he was against giv
ing the President a "blank check"
fpr reorganization, he said he will
introduce an amendment for affir
mative action as soon as the legisla
tion is introduced.
Executive department reorgani
zation is one of the "musts" on Mr.
Truman's 21 - point reconversion
program, which already has met ob
stacles on Capitol Hill. The Senate
has approved jobless pay legisla
tion but watered it down by remov
ing a $25-a-week payment feature.
The House pigeon-holed companion
legislation in committee, but has
been asked by the White House to
revive it.
The Senate also is occupied, at
the subcommittee level, with a gov
ernment reorganization bill. Chair
man Pat McCarran, D., Nev., of the
Senate judiciary committee, hopes
to get it to the floor by the second
week of October.
Under the House bill, four agen
cies would be exempt from reor
ganization. They are the Interstate
Commerce Commission, Federal
Trade Commission, Security and
Exchange Commission and the Gen
eral Accounting Oflicc.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 30 (UP).—
Legislation permitting Pi-esident
Truman to set his own house in
order comes before Congress this
week. Indications tonight were that
some legislators want to help him
do it.
The House executive expenditures
committee will bring to the floor,
probably Wednesday, a measure au
thorizing the President to regroup,
co-ordinate or abolish most of the
approximately 100 agencies in the
executive department and their
functions.
In line with presidential recom
mendations, the bill will authorize
the chief executive to submit plans
for reorganization. They would be
come law in 60 legislative days un
less rejected by a majority vote of
both houses.
GOP Seeks Cheek
Some Republican leaders served
notice that they will seek to amend
the bill so that any recommended
reorganization would become effec
tive only by affirmative action.
He asked permanent legislation so
that he could submit reorganization
plans at various times, "each such
plan to become effective unless the
Congress should reject it by con
current resolution." Such a plan
of joint action, he emphasized,
would produce "far better results
than can be achieved by the usual
legislative processes."
No Blank Check
"The responsibility of conducting
the executive branch rests upon the
President," he counseled. "It is fair
and efficient to permit him to lay
out. the machinery for carrying out
that responsibility."

But Rep. Clare Hoffman, R., Mich.,
ranking minority member of the
expenditures committee, disagreed.
Asserting that he was against giv
ing the President a "blank check"
fpr reorganization, he said he will
introduce an amendment for affir
mative action as soon as the legisla
tion is introduced.
Executive department reorgani
zation is one of the "musts" on Mr.
Truman's 21 - point reconversion
program, which already has met ob
stacles on Capitol Hill. The Senate
has approved jobless pay legisla
tion but watered it down by remov
ing a $25-a-week payment feature.
The House pigeon-holed companion
legislation in committee, but has
been asked by the White House to
revive it.
The Senate also is occupied, at
the subcommittee level, with a gov
ernment reorganization bill. Chair
man Pat McCarran, D., Nev., of the
Senate judiciary committee, hopes
to get it to the floor by the second
week of October.
Under the House bill, four agen
cies would be exempt from reor
ganization. They are the Interstate
Commerce Commission, Federal
Trade Commission, Security and
Exchange Commission and the Gen
eral Accounting Oflicc.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 30 (UP).—
Legislation permitting Pi-esident
Truman to set his own house in
order comes before Congress this
week. Indications tonight were that
some legislators want to help him
do it.
The House executive expenditures
committee will bring to the floor,
probably Wednesday, a measure au
thorizing the President to regroup,
co-ordinate or abolish most of the
approximately 100 agencies in the
executive department and their
functions.
In line with presidential recom
mendations, the bill will authorize
the chief executive to submit plans
for reorganization. They would be
come law in 60 legislative days un
less rejected by a majority vote of
both houses.
GOP Seeks Cheek
Some Republican leaders served
notice that they will seek to amend
the bill so that any recommended
reorganization would become effec
tive only by affirmative action.
He asked permanent legislation so
that he could submit reorganization
plans at various times, "each such
plan to become effective unless the
Congress should reject it by con
current resolution." Such a plan
of joint action, he emphasized,
would produce "far better results
than can be achieved by the usual
legislative processes."
No Blank Check
"The responsibility of conducting
the executive branch rests upon the
President," he counseled. "It is fair
and efficient to permit him to lay
out. the machinery for carrying out
that responsibility."

But Rep. Clare Hoffman, R., Mich.,
ranking minority member of the
expenditures committee, disagreed.
Asserting that he was against giv
ing the President a "blank check"
fpr reorganization, he said he will
introduce an amendment for affir
mative action as soon as the legisla
tion is introduced.
Executive department reorgani
zation is one of the "musts" on Mr.
Truman's 21 - point reconversion
program, which already has met ob
stacles on Capitol Hill. The Senate
has approved jobless pay legisla
tion but watered it down by remov
ing a $25-a-week payment feature.
The House pigeon-holed companion
legislation in committee, but has
been asked by the White House to
revive it.
The Senate also is occupied, at
the subcommittee level, with a gov
ernment reorganization bill. Chair
man Pat McCarran, D., Nev., of the
Senate judiciary committee, hopes
to get it to the floor by the second
week of October.
Under the House bill, four agen
cies would be exempt from reor
ganization. They are the Interstate
Commerce Commission, Federal
Trade Commission, Security and
Exchange Commission and the Gen
eral Accounting Oflicc.
