# Alaskan Life To Be First Series Topic
## Karl Robinson Will Illustrate Talk With Film of North Frontier 
### 
Stanford Tuesday Series will open
tomonow night with an illustrated
lecture by Karl Robinson, former
Scries lecturer, entitled, "We Live
in Alaska."
Robinson, who lectured here prev
iously on "Roads North" and "De
frosting Alaska," has been explor
ing Alaska since 1936.
Tomorrow night's lecture is a col
ored motion picture story of life on
our last land frontier with the "we"
representing the Americans in that
territory. Robinson will give a short
personal narrative of the Robinsons
as a typical Alaskan family and
their frontier environment, followed
by photographic stories of pioneers,
of the government colony at Mata
nuska, now nine years old, of crews
of construction workers brought
north for the war effort and of army
recreational activities.
The program will begin at 7:30 in
the auditorium of Memorial Hall.
Stanford Tuesday Series will open
tomonow night with an illustrated
lecture by Karl Robinson, former
Scries lecturer, entitled, "We Live
in Alaska."
Robinson, who lectured here prev
iously on "Roads North" and "De
frosting Alaska," has been explor
ing Alaska since 1936.
Tomorrow night's lecture is a col
ored motion picture story of life on
our last land frontier with the "we"
representing the Americans in that
territory. Robinson will give a short
personal narrative of the Robinsons
as a typical Alaskan family and
their frontier environment, followed
by photographic stories of pioneers,
of the government colony at Mata
nuska, now nine years old, of crews
of construction workers brought
north for the war effort and of army
recreational activities.
The program will begin at 7:30 in
the auditorium of Memorial Hall.
Stanford Tuesday Series will open
tomonow night with an illustrated
lecture by Karl Robinson, former
Scries lecturer, entitled, "We Live
in Alaska."
Robinson, who lectured here prev
iously on "Roads North" and "De
frosting Alaska," has been explor
ing Alaska since 1936.
Tomorrow night's lecture is a col
ored motion picture story of life on
our last land frontier with the "we"
representing the Americans in that
territory. Robinson will give a short
personal narrative of the Robinsons
as a typical Alaskan family and
their frontier environment, followed
by photographic stories of pioneers,
of the government colony at Mata
nuska, now nine years old, of crews
of construction workers brought
north for the war effort and of army
recreational activities.
The program will begin at 7:30 in
the auditorium of Memorial Hall.
Stanford Tuesday Series will open
tomonow night with an illustrated
lecture by Karl Robinson, former
Scries lecturer, entitled, "We Live
in Alaska."
Robinson, who lectured here prev
iously on "Roads North" and "De
frosting Alaska," has been explor
ing Alaska since 1936.
Tomorrow night's lecture is a col
ored motion picture story of life on
our last land frontier with the "we"
representing the Americans in that
territory. Robinson will give a short
personal narrative of the Robinsons
as a typical Alaskan family and
their frontier environment, followed
by photographic stories of pioneers,
of the government colony at Mata
nuska, now nine years old, of crews
of construction workers brought
north for the war effort and of army
recreational activities.
The program will begin at 7:30 in
the auditorium of Memorial Hall.
Stanford Tuesday Series will open
tomonow night with an illustrated
lecture by Karl Robinson, former
Scries lecturer, entitled, "We Live
in Alaska."
Robinson, who lectured here prev
iously on "Roads North" and "De
frosting Alaska," has been explor
ing Alaska since 1936.
Tomorrow night's lecture is a col
ored motion picture story of life on
our last land frontier with the "we"
representing the Americans in that
territory. Robinson will give a short
personal narrative of the Robinsons
as a typical Alaskan family and
their frontier environment, followed
by photographic stories of pioneers,
of the government colony at Mata
nuska, now nine years old, of crews
of construction workers brought
north for the war effort and of army
recreational activities.
The program will begin at 7:30 in
the auditorium of Memorial Hall.
Stanford Tuesday Series will open
tomonow night with an illustrated
lecture by Karl Robinson, former
Scries lecturer, entitled, "We Live
in Alaska."
Robinson, who lectured here prev
iously on "Roads North" and "De
frosting Alaska," has been explor
ing Alaska since 1936.
Tomorrow night's lecture is a col
ored motion picture story of life on
our last land frontier with the "we"
representing the Americans in that
territory. Robinson will give a short
personal narrative of the Robinsons
as a typical Alaskan family and
their frontier environment, followed
by photographic stories of pioneers,
of the government colony at Mata
nuska, now nine years old, of crews
of construction workers brought
north for the war effort and of army
recreational activities.
The program will begin at 7:30 in
the auditorium of Memorial Hall.
Stanford Tuesday Series will open
tomonow night with an illustrated
lecture by Karl Robinson, former
Scries lecturer, entitled, "We Live
in Alaska."
Robinson, who lectured here prev
iously on "Roads North" and "De
frosting Alaska," has been explor
ing Alaska since 1936.
Tomorrow night's lecture is a col
ored motion picture story of life on
our last land frontier with the "we"
representing the Americans in that
territory. Robinson will give a short
personal narrative of the Robinsons
as a typical Alaskan family and
their frontier environment, followed
by photographic stories of pioneers,
of the government colony at Mata
nuska, now nine years old, of crews
of construction workers brought
north for the war effort and of army
recreational activities.
The program will begin at 7:30 in
the auditorium of Memorial Hall.
Stanford Tuesday Series will open
tomonow night with an illustrated
lecture by Karl Robinson, former
Scries lecturer, entitled, "We Live
in Alaska."
Robinson, who lectured here prev
iously on "Roads North" and "De
frosting Alaska," has been explor
ing Alaska since 1936.
Tomorrow night's lecture is a col
ored motion picture story of life on
our last land frontier with the "we"
representing the Americans in that
territory. Robinson will give a short
personal narrative of the Robinsons
as a typical Alaskan family and
their frontier environment, followed
by photographic stories of pioneers,
of the government colony at Mata
nuska, now nine years old, of crews
of construction workers brought
north for the war effort and of army
recreational activities.
The program will begin at 7:30 in
the auditorium of Memorial Hall.
Stanford Tuesday Series will open
tomonow night with an illustrated
lecture by Karl Robinson, former
Scries lecturer, entitled, "We Live
in Alaska."
Robinson, who lectured here prev
iously on "Roads North" and "De
frosting Alaska," has been explor
ing Alaska since 1936.
Tomorrow night's lecture is a col
ored motion picture story of life on
our last land frontier with the "we"
representing the Americans in that
territory. Robinson will give a short
personal narrative of the Robinsons
as a typical Alaskan family and
their frontier environment, followed
by photographic stories of pioneers,
of the government colony at Mata
nuska, now nine years old, of crews
of construction workers brought
north for the war effort and of army
recreational activities.
The program will begin at 7:30 in
the auditorium of Memorial Hall.
Stanford Tuesday Series will open
tomonow night with an illustrated
lecture by Karl Robinson, former
Scries lecturer, entitled, "We Live
in Alaska."
Robinson, who lectured here prev
iously on "Roads North" and "De
frosting Alaska," has been explor
ing Alaska since 1936.
Tomorrow night's lecture is a col
ored motion picture story of life on
our last land frontier with the "we"
representing the Americans in that
territory. Robinson will give a short
personal narrative of the Robinsons
as a typical Alaskan family and
their frontier environment, followed
by photographic stories of pioneers,
of the government colony at Mata
nuska, now nine years old, of crews
of construction workers brought
north for the war effort and of army
recreational activities.
The program will begin at 7:30 in
the auditorium of Memorial Hall.
Stanford Tuesday Series will open
tomonow night with an illustrated
lecture by Karl Robinson, former
Scries lecturer, entitled, "We Live
in Alaska."
Robinson, who lectured here prev
iously on "Roads North" and "De
frosting Alaska," has been explor
ing Alaska since 1936.
Tomorrow night's lecture is a col
ored motion picture story of life on
our last land frontier with the "we"
representing the Americans in that
territory. Robinson will give a short
personal narrative of the Robinsons
as a typical Alaskan family and
their frontier environment, followed
by photographic stories of pioneers,
of the government colony at Mata
nuska, now nine years old, of crews
of construction workers brought
north for the war effort and of army
recreational activities.
The program will begin at 7:30 in
the auditorium of Memorial Hall.
Stanford Tuesday Series will open
tomonow night with an illustrated
lecture by Karl Robinson, former
Scries lecturer, entitled, "We Live
in Alaska."
Robinson, who lectured here prev
iously on "Roads North" and "De
frosting Alaska," has been explor
ing Alaska since 1936.
Tomorrow night's lecture is a col
ored motion picture story of life on
our last land frontier with the "we"
representing the Americans in that
territory. Robinson will give a short
personal narrative of the Robinsons
as a typical Alaskan family and
their frontier environment, followed
by photographic stories of pioneers,
of the government colony at Mata
nuska, now nine years old, of crews
of construction workers brought
north for the war effort and of army
recreational activities.
The program will begin at 7:30 in
the auditorium of Memorial Hall.
Stanford Tuesday Series will open
tomonow night with an illustrated
lecture by Karl Robinson, former
Scries lecturer, entitled, "We Live
in Alaska."
Robinson, who lectured here prev
iously on "Roads North" and "De
frosting Alaska," has been explor
ing Alaska since 1936.
Tomorrow night's lecture is a col
ored motion picture story of life on
our last land frontier with the "we"
representing the Americans in that
territory. Robinson will give a short
personal narrative of the Robinsons
as a typical Alaskan family and
their frontier environment, followed
by photographic stories of pioneers,
of the government colony at Mata
nuska, now nine years old, of crews
of construction workers brought
north for the war effort and of army
recreational activities.
The program will begin at 7:30 in
the auditorium of Memorial Hall.
Stanford Tuesday Series will open
tomonow night with an illustrated
lecture by Karl Robinson, former
Scries lecturer, entitled, "We Live
in Alaska."
Robinson, who lectured here prev
iously on "Roads North" and "De
frosting Alaska," has been explor
ing Alaska since 1936.
Tomorrow night's lecture is a col
ored motion picture story of life on
our last land frontier with the "we"
representing the Americans in that
territory. Robinson will give a short
personal narrative of the Robinsons
as a typical Alaskan family and
their frontier environment, followed
by photographic stories of pioneers,
of the government colony at Mata
nuska, now nine years old, of crews
of construction workers brought
north for the war effort and of army
recreational activities.
The program will begin at 7:30 in
the auditorium of Memorial Hall.
Stanford Tuesday Series will open
tomonow night with an illustrated
lecture by Karl Robinson, former
Scries lecturer, entitled, "We Live
in Alaska."
Robinson, who lectured here prev
iously on "Roads North" and "De
frosting Alaska," has been explor
ing Alaska since 1936.
Tomorrow night's lecture is a col
ored motion picture story of life on
our last land frontier with the "we"
representing the Americans in that
territory. Robinson will give a short
personal narrative of the Robinsons
as a typical Alaskan family and
their frontier environment, followed
by photographic stories of pioneers,
of the government colony at Mata
nuska, now nine years old, of crews
of construction workers brought
north for the war effort and of army
recreational activities.
The program will begin at 7:30 in
the auditorium of Memorial Hall.
Stanford Tuesday Series will open
tomonow night with an illustrated
lecture by Karl Robinson, former
Scries lecturer, entitled, "We Live
in Alaska."
Robinson, who lectured here prev
iously on "Roads North" and "De
frosting Alaska," has been explor
ing Alaska since 1936.
Tomorrow night's lecture is a col
ored motion picture story of life on
our last land frontier with the "we"
representing the Americans in that
territory. Robinson will give a short
personal narrative of the Robinsons
as a typical Alaskan family and
their frontier environment, followed
by photographic stories of pioneers,
of the government colony at Mata
nuska, now nine years old, of crews
of construction workers brought
north for the war effort and of army
recreational activities.
The program will begin at 7:30 in
the auditorium of Memorial Hall.
