# Intramural Parade ....
## 
### 
YESTERDAY'S RESULTS
El Toro 12, Beta I
Thcta I>elt 11, LI Capilan 10
Business School I 9, Phi Delta Phi
5.
(No games today)
Hardball gets into swing Monday
with a game scheduled between
Kappa Sigma and Phi Kap at 4
o'clock on the frosh diamond.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., April 21 (UP).
—Donie Bush, manager of the Min
neapolis Millers of the American As
sociation, said today that Pat Ma
lone. former major league pitching
star, left the team Tuesday night.
YESTERDAY'S RESULTS
El Toro 12, Beta I
Thcta I>elt 11, LI Capilan 10
Business School I 9, Phi Delta Phi
5.
(No games today)
Hardball gets into swing Monday
with a game scheduled between
Kappa Sigma and Phi Kap at 4
o'clock on the frosh diamond.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., April 21 (UP).
—Donie Bush, manager of the Min
neapolis Millers of the American As
sociation, said today that Pat Ma
lone. former major league pitching
star, left the team Tuesday night.
YESTERDAY'S RESULTS
El Toro 12, Beta I
Thcta I>elt 11, LI Capilan 10
Business School I 9, Phi Delta Phi
5.
(No games today)
Hardball gets into swing Monday
with a game scheduled between
Kappa Sigma and Phi Kap at 4
o'clock on the frosh diamond.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., April 21 (UP).
—Donie Bush, manager of the Min
neapolis Millers of the American As
sociation, said today that Pat Ma
lone. former major league pitching
star, left the team Tuesday night.
YESTERDAY'S RESULTS
El Toro 12, Beta I
Thcta I>elt 11, LI Capilan 10
Business School I 9, Phi Delta Phi
5.
(No games today)
Hardball gets into swing Monday
with a game scheduled between
Kappa Sigma and Phi Kap at 4
o'clock on the frosh diamond.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., April 21 (UP).
—Donie Bush, manager of the Min
neapolis Millers of the American As
sociation, said today that Pat Ma
lone. former major league pitching
star, left the team Tuesday night.
YESTERDAY'S RESULTS
El Toro 12, Beta I
Thcta I>elt 11, LI Capilan 10
Business School I 9, Phi Delta Phi
5.
(No games today)
Hardball gets into swing Monday
with a game scheduled between
Kappa Sigma and Phi Kap at 4
o'clock on the frosh diamond.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., April 21 (UP).
—Donie Bush, manager of the Min
neapolis Millers of the American As
sociation, said today that Pat Ma
lone. former major league pitching
star, left the team Tuesday night.
YESTERDAY'S RESULTS
El Toro 12, Beta I
Thcta I>elt 11, LI Capilan 10
Business School I 9, Phi Delta Phi
5.
(No games today)
Hardball gets into swing Monday
with a game scheduled between
Kappa Sigma and Phi Kap at 4
o'clock on the frosh diamond.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., April 21 (UP).
—Donie Bush, manager of the Min
neapolis Millers of the American As
sociation, said today that Pat Ma
lone. former major league pitching
star, left the team Tuesday night.
YESTERDAY'S RESULTS
El Toro 12, Beta I
Thcta I>elt 11, LI Capilan 10
Business School I 9, Phi Delta Phi
5.
(No games today)
Hardball gets into swing Monday
with a game scheduled between
Kappa Sigma and Phi Kap at 4
o'clock on the frosh diamond.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., April 21 (UP).
—Donie Bush, manager of the Min
neapolis Millers of the American As
sociation, said today that Pat Ma
lone. former major league pitching
star, left the team Tuesday night.
YESTERDAY'S RESULTS
El Toro 12, Beta I
Thcta I>elt 11, LI Capilan 10
Business School I 9, Phi Delta Phi
5.
(No games today)
Hardball gets into swing Monday
with a game scheduled between
Kappa Sigma and Phi Kap at 4
o'clock on the frosh diamond.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., April 21 (UP).
—Donie Bush, manager of the Min
neapolis Millers of the American As
sociation, said today that Pat Ma
lone. former major league pitching
star, left the team Tuesday night.
YESTERDAY'S RESULTS
El Toro 12, Beta I
Thcta I>elt 11, LI Capilan 10
Business School I 9, Phi Delta Phi
5.
(No games today)
Hardball gets into swing Monday
with a game scheduled between
Kappa Sigma and Phi Kap at 4
o'clock on the frosh diamond.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., April 21 (UP).
—Donie Bush, manager of the Min
neapolis Millers of the American As
sociation, said today that Pat Ma
lone. former major league pitching
star, left the team Tuesday night.
YESTERDAY'S RESULTS
El Toro 12, Beta I
Thcta I>elt 11, LI Capilan 10
Business School I 9, Phi Delta Phi
5.
(No games today)
Hardball gets into swing Monday
with a game scheduled between
Kappa Sigma and Phi Kap at 4
o'clock on the frosh diamond.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., April 21 (UP).
—Donie Bush, manager of the Min
neapolis Millers of the American As
sociation, said today that Pat Ma
lone. former major league pitching
star, left the team Tuesday night.
YESTERDAY'S RESULTS
El Toro 12, Beta I
Thcta I>elt 11, LI Capilan 10
Business School I 9, Phi Delta Phi
5.
(No games today)
Hardball gets into swing Monday
with a game scheduled between
Kappa Sigma and Phi Kap at 4
o'clock on the frosh diamond.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., April 21 (UP).
—Donie Bush, manager of the Min
neapolis Millers of the American As
sociation, said today that Pat Ma
lone. former major league pitching
star, left the team Tuesday night.
YESTERDAY'S RESULTS
El Toro 12, Beta I
Thcta I>elt 11, LI Capilan 10
Business School I 9, Phi Delta Phi
5.
(No games today)
Hardball gets into swing Monday
with a game scheduled between
Kappa Sigma and Phi Kap at 4
o'clock on the frosh diamond.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., April 21 (UP).
—Donie Bush, manager of the Min
neapolis Millers of the American As
sociation, said today that Pat Ma
lone. former major league pitching
star, left the team Tuesday night.
YESTERDAY'S RESULTS
El Toro 12, Beta I
Thcta I>elt 11, LI Capilan 10
Business School I 9, Phi Delta Phi
5.
(No games today)
Hardball gets into swing Monday
with a game scheduled between
Kappa Sigma and Phi Kap at 4
o'clock on the frosh diamond.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., April 21 (UP).
—Donie Bush, manager of the Min
neapolis Millers of the American As
sociation, said today that Pat Ma
lone. former major league pitching
star, left the team Tuesday night.
YESTERDAY'S RESULTS
El Toro 12, Beta I
Thcta I>elt 11, LI Capilan 10
Business School I 9, Phi Delta Phi
5.
(No games today)
Hardball gets into swing Monday
with a game scheduled between
Kappa Sigma and Phi Kap at 4
o'clock on the frosh diamond.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., April 21 (UP).
—Donie Bush, manager of the Min
neapolis Millers of the American As
sociation, said today that Pat Ma
lone. former major league pitching
star, left the team Tuesday night.
YESTERDAY'S RESULTS
El Toro 12, Beta I
Thcta I>elt 11, LI Capilan 10
Business School I 9, Phi Delta Phi
5.
(No games today)
Hardball gets into swing Monday
with a game scheduled between
Kappa Sigma and Phi Kap at 4
o'clock on the frosh diamond.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., April 21 (UP).
—Donie Bush, manager of the Min
neapolis Millers of the American As
sociation, said today that Pat Ma
lone. former major league pitching
star, left the team Tuesday night.
