# F.D.R. May Win Profits Tax Fight
## 
### 
WASHINGTON. April 21 (UP).â€”
President Roosevelt tonight ap
peared likely to win his fight to
retain the principles of the undi
vided profits tax in the new revenue
bill, but only at a cost of yielding to
business demands for sharply re
duced levies on capital gains.
Conferees of the two houses to
morrow will resume deliberations
which were broken off Tuesday when
they found themselves deadlocked
on the question of retaining a face
saving skeleton of the earnings levy
approved by the House or scrapping
the tax completely as voted by the
Senate. The interval appears to
have softened the resistance of some
Senate conferees, although their
leader, Sen. Pat Harrison, remains
firm.
