# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Professor Samuel I'. Capen, special
ist in the United States Bureau of Edu
cat'on of the Department of the In
terr or, is visiting Stanford.
Professor Samuel I'. Capen, special
ist in the United States Bureau of Edu
cat'on of the Department of the In
terr or, is visiting Stanford.
Professor Samuel I'. Capen, special
ist in the United States Bureau of Edu
cat'on of the Department of the In
terr or, is visiting Stanford.
Professor Samuel I'. Capen, special
ist in the United States Bureau of Edu
cat'on of the Department of the In
terr or, is visiting Stanford.
Professor Samuel I'. Capen, special
ist in the United States Bureau of Edu
cat'on of the Department of the In
terr or, is visiting Stanford.
Professor Samuel I'. Capen, special
ist in the United States Bureau of Edu
cat'on of the Department of the In
terr or, is visiting Stanford.
Professor Samuel I'. Capen, special
ist in the United States Bureau of Edu
cat'on of the Department of the In
terr or, is visiting Stanford.
Professor Samuel I'. Capen, special
ist in the United States Bureau of Edu
cat'on of the Department of the In
terr or, is visiting Stanford.
Professor Samuel I'. Capen, special
ist in the United States Bureau of Edu
cat'on of the Department of the In
terr or, is visiting Stanford.
Professor Samuel I'. Capen, special
ist in the United States Bureau of Edu
cat'on of the Department of the In
terr or, is visiting Stanford.
Professor Samuel I'. Capen, special
ist in the United States Bureau of Edu
cat'on of the Department of the In
terr or, is visiting Stanford.
Professor Samuel I'. Capen, special
ist in the United States Bureau of Edu
cat'on of the Department of the In
terr or, is visiting Stanford.
Professor Samuel I'. Capen, special
ist in the United States Bureau of Edu
cat'on of the Department of the In
terr or, is visiting Stanford.
