# Untitled Article
## 
### 
There is a real grace of char
acter in forgetting the things
which disturb the harmony of
of life.—Hamilton W. Mahie.
There is a real grace of char
acter in forgetting the things
which disturb the harmony of
of life.—Hamilton W. Mahie.
There is a real grace of char
acter in forgetting the things
which disturb the harmony of
of life.—Hamilton W. Mahie.
There is a real grace of char
acter in forgetting the things
which disturb the harmony of
of life.—Hamilton W. Mahie.
There is a real grace of char
acter in forgetting the things
which disturb the harmony of
of life.—Hamilton W. Mahie.
There is a real grace of char
acter in forgetting the things
which disturb the harmony of
of life.—Hamilton W. Mahie.
There is a real grace of char
acter in forgetting the things
which disturb the harmony of
of life.—Hamilton W. Mahie.
There is a real grace of char
acter in forgetting the things
which disturb the harmony of
of life.—Hamilton W. Mahie.
There is a real grace of char
acter in forgetting the things
which disturb the harmony of
of life.—Hamilton W. Mahie.
There is a real grace of char
acter in forgetting the things
which disturb the harmony of
of life.—Hamilton W. Mahie.
There is a real grace of char
acter in forgetting the things
which disturb the harmony of
of life.—Hamilton W. Mahie.
There is a real grace of char
acter in forgetting the things
which disturb the harmony of
of life.—Hamilton W. Mahie.
There is a real grace of char
acter in forgetting the things
which disturb the harmony of
of life.—Hamilton W. Mahie.
