# Dean Yost Motors Into Yosemite National Park
## 
### 
Dean Mary Yost left yesterday on a
motor trip to Yosemite National Park.
She was accompanied by Dr.-Ina Rich
ter of San Francisco, Dr. Margaret
Fraser of Denver, Colorado, and Dr.
Elsie Pratt, also of Denver. Dr. Pratt
has been visiting Miss Yost since last
summer renewing a friendship which
had its beginning when Miss Yost at
tended the University of Michigan.
Dean Mary Yost left yesterday on a
motor trip to Yosemite National Park.
She was accompanied by Dr.-Ina Rich
ter of San Francisco, Dr. Margaret
Fraser of Denver, Colorado, and Dr.
Elsie Pratt, also of Denver. Dr. Pratt
has been visiting Miss Yost since last
summer renewing a friendship which
had its beginning when Miss Yost at
tended the University of Michigan.
Dean Mary Yost left yesterday on a
motor trip to Yosemite National Park.
She was accompanied by Dr.-Ina Rich
ter of San Francisco, Dr. Margaret
Fraser of Denver, Colorado, and Dr.
Elsie Pratt, also of Denver. Dr. Pratt
has been visiting Miss Yost since last
summer renewing a friendship which
had its beginning when Miss Yost at
tended the University of Michigan.
Dean Mary Yost left yesterday on a
motor trip to Yosemite National Park.
She was accompanied by Dr.-Ina Rich
ter of San Francisco, Dr. Margaret
Fraser of Denver, Colorado, and Dr.
Elsie Pratt, also of Denver. Dr. Pratt
has been visiting Miss Yost since last
summer renewing a friendship which
had its beginning when Miss Yost at
tended the University of Michigan.
Dean Mary Yost left yesterday on a
motor trip to Yosemite National Park.
She was accompanied by Dr.-Ina Rich
ter of San Francisco, Dr. Margaret
Fraser of Denver, Colorado, and Dr.
Elsie Pratt, also of Denver. Dr. Pratt
has been visiting Miss Yost since last
summer renewing a friendship which
had its beginning when Miss Yost at
tended the University of Michigan.
Dean Mary Yost left yesterday on a
motor trip to Yosemite National Park.
She was accompanied by Dr.-Ina Rich
ter of San Francisco, Dr. Margaret
Fraser of Denver, Colorado, and Dr.
Elsie Pratt, also of Denver. Dr. Pratt
has been visiting Miss Yost since last
summer renewing a friendship which
had its beginning when Miss Yost at
tended the University of Michigan.
Dean Mary Yost left yesterday on a
motor trip to Yosemite National Park.
She was accompanied by Dr.-Ina Rich
ter of San Francisco, Dr. Margaret
Fraser of Denver, Colorado, and Dr.
Elsie Pratt, also of Denver. Dr. Pratt
has been visiting Miss Yost since last
summer renewing a friendship which
had its beginning when Miss Yost at
tended the University of Michigan.
Dean Mary Yost left yesterday on a
motor trip to Yosemite National Park.
She was accompanied by Dr.-Ina Rich
ter of San Francisco, Dr. Margaret
Fraser of Denver, Colorado, and Dr.
Elsie Pratt, also of Denver. Dr. Pratt
has been visiting Miss Yost since last
summer renewing a friendship which
had its beginning when Miss Yost at
tended the University of Michigan.
Dean Mary Yost left yesterday on a
motor trip to Yosemite National Park.
She was accompanied by Dr.-Ina Rich
ter of San Francisco, Dr. Margaret
Fraser of Denver, Colorado, and Dr.
Elsie Pratt, also of Denver. Dr. Pratt
has been visiting Miss Yost since last
summer renewing a friendship which
had its beginning when Miss Yost at
tended the University of Michigan.
Dean Mary Yost left yesterday on a
motor trip to Yosemite National Park.
She was accompanied by Dr.-Ina Rich
ter of San Francisco, Dr. Margaret
Fraser of Denver, Colorado, and Dr.
Elsie Pratt, also of Denver. Dr. Pratt
has been visiting Miss Yost since last
summer renewing a friendship which
had its beginning when Miss Yost at
tended the University of Michigan.
Dean Mary Yost left yesterday on a
motor trip to Yosemite National Park.
She was accompanied by Dr.-Ina Rich
ter of San Francisco, Dr. Margaret
Fraser of Denver, Colorado, and Dr.
Elsie Pratt, also of Denver. Dr. Pratt
has been visiting Miss Yost since last
summer renewing a friendship which
had its beginning when Miss Yost at
tended the University of Michigan.
Dean Mary Yost left yesterday on a
motor trip to Yosemite National Park.
She was accompanied by Dr.-Ina Rich
ter of San Francisco, Dr. Margaret
Fraser of Denver, Colorado, and Dr.
Elsie Pratt, also of Denver. Dr. Pratt
has been visiting Miss Yost since last
summer renewing a friendship which
had its beginning when Miss Yost at
tended the University of Michigan.
Dean Mary Yost left yesterday on a
motor trip to Yosemite National Park.
She was accompanied by Dr.-Ina Rich
ter of San Francisco, Dr. Margaret
Fraser of Denver, Colorado, and Dr.
Elsie Pratt, also of Denver. Dr. Pratt
has been visiting Miss Yost since last
summer renewing a friendship which
had its beginning when Miss Yost at
tended the University of Michigan.
Dean Mary Yost left yesterday on a
motor trip to Yosemite National Park.
She was accompanied by Dr.-Ina Rich
ter of San Francisco, Dr. Margaret
Fraser of Denver, Colorado, and Dr.
Elsie Pratt, also of Denver. Dr. Pratt
has been visiting Miss Yost since last
summer renewing a friendship which
had its beginning when Miss Yost at
tended the University of Michigan.
