# Adv. 14 Page 3
## 
### 
Deadline i'or '"Once Around
the Quad" items is ;i p.m. of
the day before publication.
Deadline i'or '"Once Around
the Quad" items is ;i p.m. of
the day before publication.
Deadline i'or '"Once Around
the Quad" items is ;i p.m. of
the day before publication.
Deadline i'or '"Once Around
the Quad" items is ;i p.m. of
the day before publication.
Deadline i'or '"Once Around
the Quad" items is ;i p.m. of
the day before publication.
Deadline i'or '"Once Around
the Quad" items is ;i p.m. of
the day before publication.
Deadline i'or '"Once Around
the Quad" items is ;i p.m. of
the day before publication.
Deadline i'or '"Once Around
the Quad" items is ;i p.m. of
the day before publication.
Deadline i'or '"Once Around
the Quad" items is ;i p.m. of
the day before publication.
Deadline i'or '"Once Around
the Quad" items is ;i p.m. of
the day before publication.
Deadline i'or '"Once Around
the Quad" items is ;i p.m. of
the day before publication.
Deadline i'or '"Once Around
the Quad" items is ;i p.m. of
the day before publication.
Deadline i'or '"Once Around
the Quad" items is ;i p.m. of
the day before publication.
Deadline i'or '"Once Around
the Quad" items is ;i p.m. of
the day before publication.
Deadline i'or '"Once Around
the Quad" items is ;i p.m. of
the day before publication.
Deadline i'or '"Once Around
the Quad" items is ;i p.m. of
the day before publication.
