# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Alondra announces the engage
ment of Gretchen Reynolds, '59,
to John Morris, '58, Phi Sigma
Kappa.
Alondra announces the engage
ment of Gretchen Reynolds, '59,
to John Morris, '58, Phi Sigma
Kappa.
Alondra announces the engage
ment of Gretchen Reynolds, '59,
to John Morris, '58, Phi Sigma
Kappa.
Alondra announces the engage
ment of Gretchen Reynolds, '59,
to John Morris, '58, Phi Sigma
Kappa.
Alondra announces the engage
ment of Gretchen Reynolds, '59,
to John Morris, '58, Phi Sigma
Kappa.
Alondra announces the engage
ment of Gretchen Reynolds, '59,
to John Morris, '58, Phi Sigma
Kappa.
Alondra announces the engage
ment of Gretchen Reynolds, '59,
to John Morris, '58, Phi Sigma
Kappa.
Alondra announces the engage
ment of Gretchen Reynolds, '59,
to John Morris, '58, Phi Sigma
Kappa.
Alondra announces the engage
ment of Gretchen Reynolds, '59,
to John Morris, '58, Phi Sigma
Kappa.
Alondra announces the engage
ment of Gretchen Reynolds, '59,
to John Morris, '58, Phi Sigma
Kappa.
Alondra announces the engage
ment of Gretchen Reynolds, '59,
to John Morris, '58, Phi Sigma
Kappa.
Alondra announces the engage
ment of Gretchen Reynolds, '59,
to John Morris, '58, Phi Sigma
Kappa.
Alondra announces the engage
ment of Gretchen Reynolds, '59,
to John Morris, '58, Phi Sigma
Kappa.
Alondra announces the engage
ment of Gretchen Reynolds, '59,
to John Morris, '58, Phi Sigma
Kappa.
Alondra announces the engage
ment of Gretchen Reynolds, '59,
to John Morris, '58, Phi Sigma
Kappa.
Alondra announces the engage
ment of Gretchen Reynolds, '59,
to John Morris, '58, Phi Sigma
Kappa.
