# Alfred Niles to Survey History of Engineering
## 
### 
Alfred S. N'iles, professor of
aeronautical engineering, will
give "A Survey of the History of
Engineering" at 7 p.m. at *319
Crothers Memorial.
Niles is a member of the Brit
ish Royal Society and Tau Beta
Pi, sponsor of tonight's talk.
Alfred S. N'iles, professor of
aeronautical engineering, will
give "A Survey of the History of
Engineering" at 7 p.m. at *319
Crothers Memorial.
Niles is a member of the Brit
ish Royal Society and Tau Beta
Pi, sponsor of tonight's talk.
Alfred S. N'iles, professor of
aeronautical engineering, will
give "A Survey of the History of
Engineering" at 7 p.m. at *319
Crothers Memorial.
Niles is a member of the Brit
ish Royal Society and Tau Beta
Pi, sponsor of tonight's talk.
Alfred S. N'iles, professor of
aeronautical engineering, will
give "A Survey of the History of
Engineering" at 7 p.m. at *319
Crothers Memorial.
Niles is a member of the Brit
ish Royal Society and Tau Beta
Pi, sponsor of tonight's talk.
Alfred S. N'iles, professor of
aeronautical engineering, will
give "A Survey of the History of
Engineering" at 7 p.m. at *319
Crothers Memorial.
Niles is a member of the Brit
ish Royal Society and Tau Beta
Pi, sponsor of tonight's talk.
Alfred S. N'iles, professor of
aeronautical engineering, will
give "A Survey of the History of
Engineering" at 7 p.m. at *319
Crothers Memorial.
Niles is a member of the Brit
ish Royal Society and Tau Beta
Pi, sponsor of tonight's talk.
Alfred S. N'iles, professor of
aeronautical engineering, will
give "A Survey of the History of
Engineering" at 7 p.m. at *319
Crothers Memorial.
Niles is a member of the Brit
ish Royal Society and Tau Beta
Pi, sponsor of tonight's talk.
Alfred S. N'iles, professor of
aeronautical engineering, will
give "A Survey of the History of
Engineering" at 7 p.m. at *319
Crothers Memorial.
Niles is a member of the Brit
ish Royal Society and Tau Beta
Pi, sponsor of tonight's talk.
Alfred S. N'iles, professor of
aeronautical engineering, will
give "A Survey of the History of
Engineering" at 7 p.m. at *319
Crothers Memorial.
Niles is a member of the Brit
ish Royal Society and Tau Beta
Pi, sponsor of tonight's talk.
Alfred S. N'iles, professor of
aeronautical engineering, will
give "A Survey of the History of
Engineering" at 7 p.m. at *319
Crothers Memorial.
Niles is a member of the Brit
ish Royal Society and Tau Beta
Pi, sponsor of tonight's talk.
Alfred S. N'iles, professor of
aeronautical engineering, will
give "A Survey of the History of
Engineering" at 7 p.m. at *319
Crothers Memorial.
Niles is a member of the Brit
ish Royal Society and Tau Beta
Pi, sponsor of tonight's talk.
Alfred S. N'iles, professor of
aeronautical engineering, will
give "A Survey of the History of
Engineering" at 7 p.m. at *319
Crothers Memorial.
Niles is a member of the Brit
ish Royal Society and Tau Beta
Pi, sponsor of tonight's talk.
Alfred S. N'iles, professor of
aeronautical engineering, will
give "A Survey of the History of
Engineering" at 7 p.m. at *319
Crothers Memorial.
Niles is a member of the Brit
ish Royal Society and Tau Beta
Pi, sponsor of tonight's talk.
Alfred S. N'iles, professor of
aeronautical engineering, will
give "A Survey of the History of
Engineering" at 7 p.m. at *319
Crothers Memorial.
Niles is a member of the Brit
ish Royal Society and Tau Beta
Pi, sponsor of tonight's talk.
Alfred S. N'iles, professor of
aeronautical engineering, will
give "A Survey of the History of
Engineering" at 7 p.m. at *319
Crothers Memorial.
Niles is a member of the Brit
ish Royal Society and Tau Beta
Pi, sponsor of tonight's talk.
Alfred S. N'iles, professor of
aeronautical engineering, will
give "A Survey of the History of
Engineering" at 7 p.m. at *319
Crothers Memorial.
Niles is a member of the Brit
ish Royal Society and Tau Beta
Pi, sponsor of tonight's talk.
