# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Durand House announces the
engagement of Betty Church, '38,
to Rick Ballantine, University of
California.
Durand House announces the
engagement of Betty Church, '38,
to Rick Ballantine, University of
California.
Durand House announces the
engagement of Betty Church, '38,
to Rick Ballantine, University of
California.
Durand House announces the
engagement of Betty Church, '38,
to Rick Ballantine, University of
California.
Durand House announces the
engagement of Betty Church, '38,
to Rick Ballantine, University of
California.
Durand House announces the
engagement of Betty Church, '38,
to Rick Ballantine, University of
California.
Durand House announces the
engagement of Betty Church, '38,
to Rick Ballantine, University of
California.
Durand House announces the
engagement of Betty Church, '38,
to Rick Ballantine, University of
California.
Durand House announces the
engagement of Betty Church, '38,
to Rick Ballantine, University of
California.
Durand House announces the
engagement of Betty Church, '38,
to Rick Ballantine, University of
California.
Durand House announces the
engagement of Betty Church, '38,
to Rick Ballantine, University of
California.
Durand House announces the
engagement of Betty Church, '38,
to Rick Ballantine, University of
California.
Durand House announces the
engagement of Betty Church, '38,
to Rick Ballantine, University of
California.
Durand House announces the
engagement of Betty Church, '38,
to Rick Ballantine, University of
California.
Durand House announces the
engagement of Betty Church, '38,
to Rick Ballantine, University of
California.
Durand House announces the
engagement of Betty Church, '38,
to Rick Ballantine, University of
California.
