# Miss Marian Dole, '95, Married
## 
### 
Mis& Marian Dole, '95, was mar
ried New Year's to Mr. Emmet
.Jones of Alameda. One of the Han
Francisco papers gives the follow
ing account of the wedding:
"Emmet Jones of Alameda and
Miss Marian Dole, niece of Presi
dent Dole of the Hawaiian Islands,
were married on New Year's night
at the home of the bride's relatives
in Riverside. The bride has a
large number of friends and the
groom, who is a veteran of the war
with Spain, is popularly known in
Alameda, lie served at Manila in
the Signal Corps, receiving honor
able mention for bravery displayed
in numerous battles. He was
mustered out as a sergeant and has
since been made a first lieuten
ant in the California Signal Corps."
