# Bishop of Greek Church.
## 
### 
Bishop Tiklion of the Roman
Orthodox church, whose headquart
ers are at San Francisco, visited
Stanford for the first time today.
He stopped at the Memorial Church,
and seemed much impressed with
the beauty of the building. Bishop
Tikhon has been in the United
States three years, and his see
embraces Alaska and North Ameri
ca. He is a graduate of the St.
Petersburg Ecclesiastical Academy.
Bishop Tiklion of the Roman
Orthodox church, whose headquart
ers are at San Francisco, visited
Stanford for the first time today.
He stopped at the Memorial Church,
and seemed much impressed with
the beauty of the building. Bishop
Tikhon has been in the United
States three years, and his see
embraces Alaska and North Ameri
ca. He is a graduate of the St.
Petersburg Ecclesiastical Academy.
Bishop Tiklion of the Roman
Orthodox church, whose headquart
ers are at San Francisco, visited
Stanford for the first time today.
He stopped at the Memorial Church,
and seemed much impressed with
the beauty of the building. Bishop
Tikhon has been in the United
States three years, and his see
embraces Alaska and North Ameri
ca. He is a graduate of the St.
Petersburg Ecclesiastical Academy.
Bishop Tiklion of the Roman
Orthodox church, whose headquart
ers are at San Francisco, visited
Stanford for the first time today.
He stopped at the Memorial Church,
and seemed much impressed with
the beauty of the building. Bishop
Tikhon has been in the United
States three years, and his see
embraces Alaska and North Ameri
ca. He is a graduate of the St.
Petersburg Ecclesiastical Academy.
Bishop Tiklion of the Roman
Orthodox church, whose headquart
ers are at San Francisco, visited
Stanford for the first time today.
He stopped at the Memorial Church,
and seemed much impressed with
the beauty of the building. Bishop
Tikhon has been in the United
States three years, and his see
embraces Alaska and North Ameri
ca. He is a graduate of the St.
Petersburg Ecclesiastical Academy.
Bishop Tiklion of the Roman
Orthodox church, whose headquart
ers are at San Francisco, visited
Stanford for the first time today.
He stopped at the Memorial Church,
and seemed much impressed with
the beauty of the building. Bishop
Tikhon has been in the United
States three years, and his see
embraces Alaska and North Ameri
ca. He is a graduate of the St.
Petersburg Ecclesiastical Academy.
Bishop Tiklion of the Roman
Orthodox church, whose headquart
ers are at San Francisco, visited
Stanford for the first time today.
He stopped at the Memorial Church,
and seemed much impressed with
the beauty of the building. Bishop
Tikhon has been in the United
States three years, and his see
embraces Alaska and North Ameri
ca. He is a graduate of the St.
Petersburg Ecclesiastical Academy.
Bishop Tiklion of the Roman
Orthodox church, whose headquart
ers are at San Francisco, visited
Stanford for the first time today.
He stopped at the Memorial Church,
and seemed much impressed with
the beauty of the building. Bishop
Tikhon has been in the United
States three years, and his see
embraces Alaska and North Ameri
ca. He is a graduate of the St.
Petersburg Ecclesiastical Academy.
