# Campus House Mothers Are Hostesses At Tea
## 
### 
The Sorority House Mothers of the
campus, were hostesses at a tea given
at the Women's Clubhouse, yesterday
afternoon. Women from the various
houses attended and assisted in serv
ing. Tho tea was given for the bene
fit of the debt on the Club House, and
was a fiinancially.
The Sorority House Mothers of the
campus, were hostesses at a tea given
at the Women's Clubhouse, yesterday
afternoon. Women from the various
houses attended and assisted in serv
ing. Tho tea was given for the bene
fit of the debt on the Club House, and
was a fiinancially.
The Sorority House Mothers of the
campus, were hostesses at a tea given
at the Women's Clubhouse, yesterday
afternoon. Women from the various
houses attended and assisted in serv
ing. Tho tea was given for the bene
fit of the debt on the Club House, and
was a fiinancially.
The Sorority House Mothers of the
campus, were hostesses at a tea given
at the Women's Clubhouse, yesterday
afternoon. Women from the various
houses attended and assisted in serv
ing. Tho tea was given for the bene
fit of the debt on the Club House, and
was a fiinancially.
The Sorority House Mothers of the
campus, were hostesses at a tea given
at the Women's Clubhouse, yesterday
afternoon. Women from the various
houses attended and assisted in serv
ing. Tho tea was given for the bene
fit of the debt on the Club House, and
was a fiinancially.
The Sorority House Mothers of the
campus, were hostesses at a tea given
at the Women's Clubhouse, yesterday
afternoon. Women from the various
houses attended and assisted in serv
ing. Tho tea was given for the bene
fit of the debt on the Club House, and
was a fiinancially.
The Sorority House Mothers of the
campus, were hostesses at a tea given
at the Women's Clubhouse, yesterday
afternoon. Women from the various
houses attended and assisted in serv
ing. Tho tea was given for the bene
fit of the debt on the Club House, and
was a fiinancially.
The Sorority House Mothers of the
campus, were hostesses at a tea given
at the Women's Clubhouse, yesterday
afternoon. Women from the various
houses attended and assisted in serv
ing. Tho tea was given for the bene
fit of the debt on the Club House, and
was a fiinancially.
The Sorority House Mothers of the
campus, were hostesses at a tea given
at the Women's Clubhouse, yesterday
afternoon. Women from the various
houses attended and assisted in serv
ing. Tho tea was given for the bene
fit of the debt on the Club House, and
was a fiinancially.
The Sorority House Mothers of the
campus, were hostesses at a tea given
at the Women's Clubhouse, yesterday
afternoon. Women from the various
houses attended and assisted in serv
ing. Tho tea was given for the bene
fit of the debt on the Club House, and
was a fiinancially.
The Sorority House Mothers of the
campus, were hostesses at a tea given
at the Women's Clubhouse, yesterday
afternoon. Women from the various
houses attended and assisted in serv
ing. Tho tea was given for the bene
fit of the debt on the Club House, and
was a fiinancially.
The Sorority House Mothers of the
campus, were hostesses at a tea given
at the Women's Clubhouse, yesterday
afternoon. Women from the various
houses attended and assisted in serv
ing. Tho tea was given for the bene
fit of the debt on the Club House, and
was a fiinancially.
The Sorority House Mothers of the
campus, were hostesses at a tea given
at the Women's Clubhouse, yesterday
afternoon. Women from the various
houses attended and assisted in serv
ing. Tho tea was given for the bene
fit of the debt on the Club House, and
was a fiinancially.
