# Untitled Article
## 
### 
So far no one in the Junior Class
seems to have suggested the adop
tion of the cap and gown. This
proposition is one that has been
made by every junior class, and
each time it has been properly
squelched.
So far no one in the Junior Class
seems to have suggested the adop
tion of the cap and gown. This
proposition is one that has been
made by every junior class, and
each time it has been properly
squelched.
So far no one in the Junior Class
seems to have suggested the adop
tion of the cap and gown. This
proposition is one that has been
made by every junior class, and
each time it has been properly
squelched.
So far no one in the Junior Class
seems to have suggested the adop
tion of the cap and gown. This
proposition is one that has been
made by every junior class, and
each time it has been properly
squelched.
So far no one in the Junior Class
seems to have suggested the adop
tion of the cap and gown. This
proposition is one that has been
made by every junior class, and
each time it has been properly
squelched.
