# Baseball Schedule.
## 
### 
The Varsity will play the Fire
man's Fund team next Saturday on
the campus. A game between
Berkeley and the Fireman's Fund
will be played on our campus,
Saturday, March 16th. On the
same day, Stanford will meet the
Alumni team on Berkeley campus.
The Varsity will play the Fire
man's Fund team next Saturday on
the campus. A game between
Berkeley and the Fireman's Fund
will be played on our campus,
Saturday, March 16th. On the
same day, Stanford will meet the
Alumni team on Berkeley campus.
The Varsity will play the Fire
man's Fund team next Saturday on
the campus. A game between
Berkeley and the Fireman's Fund
will be played on our campus,
Saturday, March 16th. On the
same day, Stanford will meet the
Alumni team on Berkeley campus.
The Varsity will play the Fire
man's Fund team next Saturday on
the campus. A game between
Berkeley and the Fireman's Fund
will be played on our campus,
Saturday, March 16th. On the
same day, Stanford will meet the
Alumni team on Berkeley campus.
The Varsity will play the Fire
man's Fund team next Saturday on
the campus. A game between
Berkeley and the Fireman's Fund
will be played on our campus,
Saturday, March 16th. On the
same day, Stanford will meet the
Alumni team on Berkeley campus.
The Varsity will play the Fire
man's Fund team next Saturday on
the campus. A game between
Berkeley and the Fireman's Fund
will be played on our campus,
Saturday, March 16th. On the
same day, Stanford will meet the
Alumni team on Berkeley campus.
The Varsity will play the Fire
man's Fund team next Saturday on
the campus. A game between
Berkeley and the Fireman's Fund
will be played on our campus,
Saturday, March 16th. On the
same day, Stanford will meet the
Alumni team on Berkeley campus.
