# Untitled Article
## 
### 
It is almost needless to remind
the student of the exercises to he
held in Assembly Hull tomorrow
evening in commemoration of the
University's founders. Aside from
the privilege of meeting so clear
cut and interesting a speaker as
Mr. Lummis, we cannot afford to
miss the opportunity given us once
a year to evidence as a unit our
regard for the memory of those who
have made Stanford University a
possibility.
It is almost needless to remind
the student of the exercises to he
held in Assembly Hull tomorrow
evening in commemoration of the
University's founders. Aside from
the privilege of meeting so clear
cut and interesting a speaker as
Mr. Lummis, we cannot afford to
miss the opportunity given us once
a year to evidence as a unit our
regard for the memory of those who
have made Stanford University a
possibility.
It is almost needless to remind
the student of the exercises to he
held in Assembly Hull tomorrow
evening in commemoration of the
University's founders. Aside from
the privilege of meeting so clear
cut and interesting a speaker as
Mr. Lummis, we cannot afford to
miss the opportunity given us once
a year to evidence as a unit our
regard for the memory of those who
have made Stanford University a
possibility.
It is almost needless to remind
the student of the exercises to he
held in Assembly Hull tomorrow
evening in commemoration of the
University's founders. Aside from
the privilege of meeting so clear
cut and interesting a speaker as
Mr. Lummis, we cannot afford to
miss the opportunity given us once
a year to evidence as a unit our
regard for the memory of those who
have made Stanford University a
possibility.
It is almost needless to remind
the student of the exercises to he
held in Assembly Hull tomorrow
evening in commemoration of the
University's founders. Aside from
the privilege of meeting so clear
cut and interesting a speaker as
Mr. Lummis, we cannot afford to
miss the opportunity given us once
a year to evidence as a unit our
regard for the memory of those who
have made Stanford University a
possibility.
It is almost needless to remind
the student of the exercises to he
held in Assembly Hull tomorrow
evening in commemoration of the
University's founders. Aside from
the privilege of meeting so clear
cut and interesting a speaker as
Mr. Lummis, we cannot afford to
miss the opportunity given us once
a year to evidence as a unit our
regard for the memory of those who
have made Stanford University a
possibility.
It is almost needless to remind
the student of the exercises to he
held in Assembly Hull tomorrow
evening in commemoration of the
University's founders. Aside from
the privilege of meeting so clear
cut and interesting a speaker as
Mr. Lummis, we cannot afford to
miss the opportunity given us once
a year to evidence as a unit our
regard for the memory of those who
have made Stanford University a
possibility.
