# ROBLE TEA THIS AFTERNOON
## 
### 
Itoble Club is entertaining at a tea
this afternoon firom 4 to 5:30. Invita
tion to attend is given all students.
Mrs. Sturns. Roble Social Director,
urges that students come in their
school clothes, with their books from
their classes. These teas are informal.
Itoble Club is entertaining at a tea
this afternoon firom 4 to 5:30. Invita
tion to attend is given all students.
Mrs. Sturns. Roble Social Director,
urges that students come in their
school clothes, with their books from
their classes. These teas are informal.
Itoble Club is entertaining at a tea
this afternoon firom 4 to 5:30. Invita
tion to attend is given all students.
Mrs. Sturns. Roble Social Director,
urges that students come in their
school clothes, with their books from
their classes. These teas are informal.
Itoble Club is entertaining at a tea
this afternoon firom 4 to 5:30. Invita
tion to attend is given all students.
Mrs. Sturns. Roble Social Director,
urges that students come in their
school clothes, with their books from
their classes. These teas are informal.
Itoble Club is entertaining at a tea
this afternoon firom 4 to 5:30. Invita
tion to attend is given all students.
Mrs. Sturns. Roble Social Director,
urges that students come in their
school clothes, with their books from
their classes. These teas are informal.
Itoble Club is entertaining at a tea
this afternoon firom 4 to 5:30. Invita
tion to attend is given all students.
Mrs. Sturns. Roble Social Director,
urges that students come in their
school clothes, with their books from
their classes. These teas are informal.
Itoble Club is entertaining at a tea
this afternoon firom 4 to 5:30. Invita
tion to attend is given all students.
Mrs. Sturns. Roble Social Director,
urges that students come in their
school clothes, with their books from
their classes. These teas are informal.
Itoble Club is entertaining at a tea
this afternoon firom 4 to 5:30. Invita
tion to attend is given all students.
Mrs. Sturns. Roble Social Director,
urges that students come in their
school clothes, with their books from
their classes. These teas are informal.
Itoble Club is entertaining at a tea
this afternoon firom 4 to 5:30. Invita
tion to attend is given all students.
Mrs. Sturns. Roble Social Director,
urges that students come in their
school clothes, with their books from
their classes. These teas are informal.
Itoble Club is entertaining at a tea
this afternoon firom 4 to 5:30. Invita
tion to attend is given all students.
Mrs. Sturns. Roble Social Director,
urges that students come in their
school clothes, with their books from
their classes. These teas are informal.
Itoble Club is entertaining at a tea
this afternoon firom 4 to 5:30. Invita
tion to attend is given all students.
Mrs. Sturns. Roble Social Director,
urges that students come in their
school clothes, with their books from
their classes. These teas are informal.
Itoble Club is entertaining at a tea
this afternoon firom 4 to 5:30. Invita
tion to attend is given all students.
Mrs. Sturns. Roble Social Director,
urges that students come in their
school clothes, with their books from
their classes. These teas are informal.
Itoble Club is entertaining at a tea
this afternoon firom 4 to 5:30. Invita
tion to attend is given all students.
Mrs. Sturns. Roble Social Director,
urges that students come in their
school clothes, with their books from
their classes. These teas are informal.
Itoble Club is entertaining at a tea
this afternoon firom 4 to 5:30. Invita
tion to attend is given all students.
Mrs. Sturns. Roble Social Director,
urges that students come in their
school clothes, with their books from
their classes. These teas are informal.
Itoble Club is entertaining at a tea
this afternoon firom 4 to 5:30. Invita
tion to attend is given all students.
Mrs. Sturns. Roble Social Director,
urges that students come in their
school clothes, with their books from
their classes. These teas are informal.
