# Know Your Indians
## 
### 
Dwight 5-9, 165-pound senior
from Portland) moved into the
regular shortstop spot when
Wayne Marion was hurt,
against Santa Clara two weeks
ago. Started to break out of his
hitting slump with a pair of
hits against San Jose last week
end. Played both infield and
outfield last year. Hit just
.182, but made no errors in the
field. Major: Social Sciences.

Winters 6-4, 220-pound sopho
more from Eureka) has been
the biggest field event surprise
of .the 1958 season. In his first
year of college shot-putting, he
has steadily advanced 1o 52-9
and should add a couple more
feet to that by the end of the
year. He's presently Stanford's
best man in the event, and
should be a contender for na
tional honors by his senior
year. Major: General Studies.


808 DWIGHT
Baseball


JERRY WINTERS
Track
