# Department to Add Two Instructors
## 
### 
The Gcrmanic Languages Depart
ment announced that two new in
structors will be added to the de
partment for the winter quarter.
They will be Miss Mary Williams,
M.A.. Middlebury, 1939, and L. A.
Byarnason, formerly a graduate
student and teaching assistant at
Stanford, but now serving in the
Marine Corps.
These new instructors are neces
sary because of an increase in reg
istration of 60 per cent over last
autumn. Bayard Quincy Morgan,
professor of Germanic languages,
said, "I attribute this to the fact
that scientists, especially in medi
cine, chemistry, and physics, con
sider that German is still one of
the most important tools for the re
search worker."
