# Thursday Recital Features Violinist
## 
### 
Audrey Avis Assen, violinist, will
be the featured soloist for Thurs
day's recital in Memorial Church at
4:15 p.m., it was announced yester
day. She will play Mozart's "Con
certo No. 5 in A Major" for violin
and orchestra.
Miss Assen is a graduate of the
University of Oregon, and was for a
time assistant to Professor Under
wood there. She has been heard on
NBC, and played in the symphony
orchestra under Sir Thomas Beech
am last summer.
Warren D. Allen, University or
ganist, will accompany Miss Assen,
and will also play the following
transcriptions for the organ: "Ada
gio in A Flat" from "Fantasia in F
Minor." by Mozart; and"The Heav
ens Art Telling" from"The Cre
ation," by Haydn.
