# Adv. 14 Page 8
## 
### 
This is the last winter
quarter issue of The Daily.
The Daily will return on the
first day of spring quarter,
April 1.
This is the last winter
quarter issue of The Daily.
The Daily will return on the
first day of spring quarter,
April 1.
This is the last winter
quarter issue of The Daily.
The Daily will return on the
first day of spring quarter,
April 1.
This is the last winter
quarter issue of The Daily.
The Daily will return on the
first day of spring quarter,
April 1.
This is the last winter
quarter issue of The Daily.
The Daily will return on the
first day of spring quarter,
April 1.
This is the last winter
quarter issue of The Daily.
The Daily will return on the
first day of spring quarter,
April 1.
This is the last winter
quarter issue of The Daily.
The Daily will return on the
first day of spring quarter,
April 1.
This is the last winter
quarter issue of The Daily.
The Daily will return on the
first day of spring quarter,
April 1.
