# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Miss Marguerite Fogel, ex-'lB, is vis
i iting on the campus. Miss Fogel is
a member of Alpha Omicron Pi soror
ity.
Miss Marguerite Fogel, ex-'lB, is vis
i iting on the campus. Miss Fogel is
a member of Alpha Omicron Pi soror
ity.
Miss Marguerite Fogel, ex-'lB, is vis
i iting on the campus. Miss Fogel is
a member of Alpha Omicron Pi soror
ity.
Miss Marguerite Fogel, ex-'lB, is vis
i iting on the campus. Miss Fogel is
a member of Alpha Omicron Pi soror
ity.
Miss Marguerite Fogel, ex-'lB, is vis
i iting on the campus. Miss Fogel is
a member of Alpha Omicron Pi soror
ity.
Miss Marguerite Fogel, ex-'lB, is vis
i iting on the campus. Miss Fogel is
a member of Alpha Omicron Pi soror
ity.
Miss Marguerite Fogel, ex-'lB, is vis
i iting on the campus. Miss Fogel is
a member of Alpha Omicron Pi soror
ity.
Miss Marguerite Fogel, ex-'lB, is vis
i iting on the campus. Miss Fogel is
a member of Alpha Omicron Pi soror
ity.
Miss Marguerite Fogel, ex-'lB, is vis
i iting on the campus. Miss Fogel is
a member of Alpha Omicron Pi soror
ity.
Miss Marguerite Fogel, ex-'lB, is vis
i iting on the campus. Miss Fogel is
a member of Alpha Omicron Pi soror
ity.
Miss Marguerite Fogel, ex-'lB, is vis
i iting on the campus. Miss Fogel is
a member of Alpha Omicron Pi soror
ity.
Miss Marguerite Fogel, ex-'lB, is vis
i iting on the campus. Miss Fogel is
a member of Alpha Omicron Pi soror
ity.
Miss Marguerite Fogel, ex-'lB, is vis
i iting on the campus. Miss Fogel is
a member of Alpha Omicron Pi soror
ity.
Miss Marguerite Fogel, ex-'lB, is vis
i iting on the campus. Miss Fogel is
a member of Alpha Omicron Pi soror
ity.
Miss Marguerite Fogel, ex-'lB, is vis
i iting on the campus. Miss Fogel is
a member of Alpha Omicron Pi soror
ity.
