# Weather
## 
### 
SPRING FLING
The softbal 1 team begins
its season this weekend
against No. 1 3 Pacific.
SPORTS/6

Intermission

Today: Mostly Cloudy

High 69
Low 47
Tomorrow:
Scattered Showers



SPRING FLING
The softbal 1 team begins
its season this weekend
against No. 1 3 Pacific.
SPORTS/6

Intermission

Today: Mostly Cloudy

High 69
Low 47
Tomorrow:
Scattered Showers



SPRING FLING
The softbal 1 team begins
its season this weekend
against No. 1 3 Pacific.
SPORTS/6

Intermission

Today: Mostly Cloudy

High 69
Low 47
Tomorrow:
Scattered Showers



SPRING FLING
The softbal 1 team begins
its season this weekend
against No. 1 3 Pacific.
SPORTS/6

Intermission

Today: Mostly Cloudy

High 69
Low 47
Tomorrow:
Scattered Showers



SPRING FLING
The softbal 1 team begins
its season this weekend
against No. 1 3 Pacific.
SPORTS/6

Intermission

Today: Mostly Cloudy

High 69
Low 47
Tomorrow:
Scattered Showers



SPRING FLING
The softbal 1 team begins
its season this weekend
against No. 1 3 Pacific.
SPORTS/6

Intermission

Today: Mostly Cloudy

High 69
Low 47
Tomorrow:
Scattered Showers



SPRING FLING
The softbal 1 team begins
its season this weekend
against No. 1 3 Pacific.
SPORTS/6

Intermission

Today: Mostly Cloudy

High 69
Low 47
Tomorrow:
Scattered Showers



