# Republican Candidate Younger Sponsored By YR's At Stanford
## 
### 
Evelle J. Younger, Los Angeles
district attorney and Republican
candidate for attorney general of
California, was the featured
speaker at a breakfast sponsored
by the Stanford Area Young
Republicans Wednesday morning
at Rickey's Hyatt House.
The state attorney general has
the responsibility for enforcing all
the laws of California, Younger
stated, but he commented that
with very limited resources, any
attorney general would have to
accord the enforcement of certain
laws priority over others.
Younger said that laws such as
those forbidding dangerous drugs

or continued pollution of the
environment necessarily must be
enforced more stringently than,
for example, laws forbidding
sodomy.
As district attorney of Los
Angeles, Younger has had to deal
with a number of major incidents
which have drawn national
attention. Among them are the
Watts riots and the Tate-La Bianca
murders.
When asked to explain his views
regarding marijuana, Younger said
that he would have to await
further scientific evidence before
making a judgment regarding how
marijuana affects health. He

pointed out, however, that as
district attorney he has been
extremely hesitant in demanding
felony convictions for marijuana
users, and has usually attempted
to obtain only lesser
misdeameanor charges.
Younger faces three Republican
opponents in the June 2 primary.
They are state senator George
Deukmejian, state senator John L.
Harmer and Spencer Williams of
the California Crime Commission.
Recent Field polls have shown
Younger to be far in the lead. The
winner of the June primary will
run against the Democratic
candidate in November.

Commenting on the use of
police and national guard in
response to college riots such as
those which have occurred at
Santa Barbara and Berkeley,
Younger explained that he
believes that force should be met
with adequate counterforce.
Younger said he was aware of
the problem of some policemen
using tactics such as unwarranted
clubbing with nightsticks in the
tense, emotional moments leading
up to and during a riot, but he
added that it would probably be
difficult for anyone to withstand
some of the abuse which has
sometimes been heaped upon the
police.
Before becoming Los Angeles
district attorney, Younger served
as an FBI agent, municipal and
superior court judge, and
Chairman of President Nixon's
Task Force on Crime and Law
Enforcement.
Younger heads an immense
staff in Los Angeles, composed of
420 deputy district attorneys and
a working force of 998 His office
files 146,00 cases a year.
Following riots at San
Fernando Valley College, Younger
obtained the convictions of
twenty students who were found
guilty of conspiring to manhandle
and maul professors and wantonly
destroying public property.
Evelle J. Younger, Los Angeles
district attorney and Republican
candidate for attorney general of
California, was the featured
speaker at a breakfast sponsored
by the Stanford Area Young
Republicans Wednesday morning
at Rickey's Hyatt House.
The state attorney general has
the responsibility for enforcing all
the laws of California, Younger
stated, but he commented that
with very limited resources, any
attorney general would have to
accord the enforcement of certain
laws priority over others.
Younger said that laws such as
those forbidding dangerous drugs

or continued pollution of the
environment necessarily must be
enforced more stringently than,
for example, laws forbidding
sodomy.
As district attorney of Los
Angeles, Younger has had to deal
with a number of major incidents
which have drawn national
attention. Among them are the
Watts riots and the Tate-La Bianca
murders.
When asked to explain his views
regarding marijuana, Younger said
that he would have to await
further scientific evidence before
making a judgment regarding how
marijuana affects health. He

pointed out, however, that as
district attorney he has been
extremely hesitant in demanding
felony convictions for marijuana
users, and has usually attempted
to obtain only lesser
misdeameanor charges.
Younger faces three Republican
opponents in the June 2 primary.
They are state senator George
Deukmejian, state senator John L.
Harmer and Spencer Williams of
the California Crime Commission.
Recent Field polls have shown
Younger to be far in the lead. The
winner of the June primary will
run against the Democratic
candidate in November.

Commenting on the use of
police and national guard in
response to college riots such as
those which have occurred at
Santa Barbara and Berkeley,
Younger explained that he
believes that force should be met
with adequate counterforce.
Younger said he was aware of
the problem of some policemen
using tactics such as unwarranted
clubbing with nightsticks in the
tense, emotional moments leading
up to and during a riot, but he
added that it would probably be
difficult for anyone to withstand
some of the abuse which has
sometimes been heaped upon the
police.
Before becoming Los Angeles
district attorney, Younger served
as an FBI agent, municipal and
superior court judge, and
Chairman of President Nixon's
Task Force on Crime and Law
Enforcement.
Younger heads an immense
staff in Los Angeles, composed of
420 deputy district attorneys and
a working force of 998 His office
files 146,00 cases a year.
Following riots at San
Fernando Valley College, Younger
obtained the convictions of
twenty students who were found
guilty of conspiring to manhandle
and maul professors and wantonly
destroying public property.
Evelle J. Younger, Los Angeles
district attorney and Republican
candidate for attorney general of
California, was the featured
speaker at a breakfast sponsored
by the Stanford Area Young
Republicans Wednesday morning
at Rickey's Hyatt House.
The state attorney general has
the responsibility for enforcing all
the laws of California, Younger
stated, but he commented that
with very limited resources, any
attorney general would have to
accord the enforcement of certain
laws priority over others.
Younger said that laws such as
those forbidding dangerous drugs

or continued pollution of the
environment necessarily must be
enforced more stringently than,
for example, laws forbidding
sodomy.
As district attorney of Los
Angeles, Younger has had to deal
with a number of major incidents
which have drawn national
attention. Among them are the
Watts riots and the Tate-La Bianca
murders.
When asked to explain his views
regarding marijuana, Younger said
that he would have to await
further scientific evidence before
making a judgment regarding how
marijuana affects health. He

pointed out, however, that as
district attorney he has been
extremely hesitant in demanding
felony convictions for marijuana
users, and has usually attempted
to obtain only lesser
misdeameanor charges.
Younger faces three Republican
opponents in the June 2 primary.
They are state senator George
Deukmejian, state senator John L.
Harmer and Spencer Williams of
the California Crime Commission.
Recent Field polls have shown
Younger to be far in the lead. The
winner of the June primary will
run against the Democratic
candidate in November.

Commenting on the use of
police and national guard in
response to college riots such as
those which have occurred at
Santa Barbara and Berkeley,
Younger explained that he
believes that force should be met
with adequate counterforce.
Younger said he was aware of
the problem of some policemen
using tactics such as unwarranted
clubbing with nightsticks in the
tense, emotional moments leading
up to and during a riot, but he
added that it would probably be
difficult for anyone to withstand
some of the abuse which has
sometimes been heaped upon the
police.
Before becoming Los Angeles
district attorney, Younger served
as an FBI agent, municipal and
superior court judge, and
Chairman of President Nixon's
Task Force on Crime and Law
Enforcement.
Younger heads an immense
staff in Los Angeles, composed of
420 deputy district attorneys and
a working force of 998 His office
files 146,00 cases a year.
Following riots at San
Fernando Valley College, Younger
obtained the convictions of
twenty students who were found
guilty of conspiring to manhandle
and maul professors and wantonly
destroying public property.
Evelle J. Younger, Los Angeles
district attorney and Republican
candidate for attorney general of
California, was the featured
speaker at a breakfast sponsored
by the Stanford Area Young
Republicans Wednesday morning
at Rickey's Hyatt House.
The state attorney general has
the responsibility for enforcing all
the laws of California, Younger
stated, but he commented that
with very limited resources, any
attorney general would have to
accord the enforcement of certain
laws priority over others.
Younger said that laws such as
those forbidding dangerous drugs

or continued pollution of the
environment necessarily must be
enforced more stringently than,
for example, laws forbidding
sodomy.
As district attorney of Los
Angeles, Younger has had to deal
with a number of major incidents
which have drawn national
attention. Among them are the
Watts riots and the Tate-La Bianca
murders.
When asked to explain his views
regarding marijuana, Younger said
that he would have to await
further scientific evidence before
making a judgment regarding how
marijuana affects health. He

pointed out, however, that as
district attorney he has been
extremely hesitant in demanding
felony convictions for marijuana
users, and has usually attempted
to obtain only lesser
misdeameanor charges.
Younger faces three Republican
opponents in the June 2 primary.
They are state senator George
Deukmejian, state senator John L.
Harmer and Spencer Williams of
the California Crime Commission.
Recent Field polls have shown
Younger to be far in the lead. The
winner of the June primary will
run against the Democratic
candidate in November.

Commenting on the use of
police and national guard in
response to college riots such as
those which have occurred at
Santa Barbara and Berkeley,
Younger explained that he
believes that force should be met
with adequate counterforce.
Younger said he was aware of
the problem of some policemen
using tactics such as unwarranted
clubbing with nightsticks in the
tense, emotional moments leading
up to and during a riot, but he
added that it would probably be
difficult for anyone to withstand
some of the abuse which has
sometimes been heaped upon the
police.
Before becoming Los Angeles
district attorney, Younger served
as an FBI agent, municipal and
superior court judge, and
Chairman of President Nixon's
Task Force on Crime and Law
Enforcement.
Younger heads an immense
staff in Los Angeles, composed of
420 deputy district attorneys and
a working force of 998 His office
files 146,00 cases a year.
Following riots at San
Fernando Valley College, Younger
obtained the convictions of
twenty students who were found
guilty of conspiring to manhandle
and maul professors and wantonly
destroying public property.
Evelle J. Younger, Los Angeles
district attorney and Republican
candidate for attorney general of
California, was the featured
speaker at a breakfast sponsored
by the Stanford Area Young
Republicans Wednesday morning
at Rickey's Hyatt House.
The state attorney general has
the responsibility for enforcing all
the laws of California, Younger
stated, but he commented that
with very limited resources, any
attorney general would have to
accord the enforcement of certain
laws priority over others.
Younger said that laws such as
those forbidding dangerous drugs

or continued pollution of the
environment necessarily must be
enforced more stringently than,
for example, laws forbidding
sodomy.
As district attorney of Los
Angeles, Younger has had to deal
with a number of major incidents
which have drawn national
attention. Among them are the
Watts riots and the Tate-La Bianca
murders.
When asked to explain his views
regarding marijuana, Younger said
that he would have to await
further scientific evidence before
making a judgment regarding how
marijuana affects health. He

pointed out, however, that as
district attorney he has been
extremely hesitant in demanding
felony convictions for marijuana
users, and has usually attempted
to obtain only lesser
misdeameanor charges.
Younger faces three Republican
opponents in the June 2 primary.
They are state senator George
Deukmejian, state senator John L.
Harmer and Spencer Williams of
the California Crime Commission.
Recent Field polls have shown
Younger to be far in the lead. The
winner of the June primary will
run against the Democratic
candidate in November.

Commenting on the use of
police and national guard in
response to college riots such as
those which have occurred at
Santa Barbara and Berkeley,
Younger explained that he
believes that force should be met
with adequate counterforce.
Younger said he was aware of
the problem of some policemen
using tactics such as unwarranted
clubbing with nightsticks in the
tense, emotional moments leading
up to and during a riot, but he
added that it would probably be
difficult for anyone to withstand
some of the abuse which has
sometimes been heaped upon the
police.
Before becoming Los Angeles
district attorney, Younger served
as an FBI agent, municipal and
superior court judge, and
Chairman of President Nixon's
Task Force on Crime and Law
Enforcement.
Younger heads an immense
staff in Los Angeles, composed of
420 deputy district attorneys and
a working force of 998 His office
files 146,00 cases a year.
Following riots at San
Fernando Valley College, Younger
obtained the convictions of
twenty students who were found
guilty of conspiring to manhandle
and maul professors and wantonly
destroying public property.
Evelle J. Younger, Los Angeles
district attorney and Republican
candidate for attorney general of
California, was the featured
speaker at a breakfast sponsored
by the Stanford Area Young
Republicans Wednesday morning
at Rickey's Hyatt House.
The state attorney general has
the responsibility for enforcing all
the laws of California, Younger
stated, but he commented that
with very limited resources, any
attorney general would have to
accord the enforcement of certain
laws priority over others.
Younger said that laws such as
those forbidding dangerous drugs

or continued pollution of the
environment necessarily must be
enforced more stringently than,
for example, laws forbidding
sodomy.
As district attorney of Los
Angeles, Younger has had to deal
with a number of major incidents
which have drawn national
attention. Among them are the
Watts riots and the Tate-La Bianca
murders.
When asked to explain his views
regarding marijuana, Younger said
that he would have to await
further scientific evidence before
making a judgment regarding how
marijuana affects health. He

pointed out, however, that as
district attorney he has been
extremely hesitant in demanding
felony convictions for marijuana
users, and has usually attempted
to obtain only lesser
misdeameanor charges.
Younger faces three Republican
opponents in the June 2 primary.
They are state senator George
Deukmejian, state senator John L.
Harmer and Spencer Williams of
the California Crime Commission.
Recent Field polls have shown
Younger to be far in the lead. The
winner of the June primary will
run against the Democratic
candidate in November.

Commenting on the use of
police and national guard in
response to college riots such as
those which have occurred at
Santa Barbara and Berkeley,
Younger explained that he
believes that force should be met
with adequate counterforce.
Younger said he was aware of
the problem of some policemen
using tactics such as unwarranted
clubbing with nightsticks in the
tense, emotional moments leading
up to and during a riot, but he
added that it would probably be
difficult for anyone to withstand
some of the abuse which has
sometimes been heaped upon the
police.
Before becoming Los Angeles
district attorney, Younger served
as an FBI agent, municipal and
superior court judge, and
Chairman of President Nixon's
Task Force on Crime and Law
Enforcement.
Younger heads an immense
staff in Los Angeles, composed of
420 deputy district attorneys and
a working force of 998 His office
files 146,00 cases a year.
Following riots at San
Fernando Valley College, Younger
obtained the convictions of
twenty students who were found
guilty of conspiring to manhandle
and maul professors and wantonly
destroying public property.
Evelle J. Younger, Los Angeles
district attorney and Republican
candidate for attorney general of
California, was the featured
speaker at a breakfast sponsored
by the Stanford Area Young
Republicans Wednesday morning
at Rickey's Hyatt House.
The state attorney general has
the responsibility for enforcing all
the laws of California, Younger
stated, but he commented that
with very limited resources, any
attorney general would have to
accord the enforcement of certain
laws priority over others.
Younger said that laws such as
those forbidding dangerous drugs

or continued pollution of the
environment necessarily must be
enforced more stringently than,
for example, laws forbidding
sodomy.
As district attorney of Los
Angeles, Younger has had to deal
with a number of major incidents
which have drawn national
attention. Among them are the
Watts riots and the Tate-La Bianca
murders.
When asked to explain his views
regarding marijuana, Younger said
that he would have to await
further scientific evidence before
making a judgment regarding how
marijuana affects health. He

pointed out, however, that as
district attorney he has been
extremely hesitant in demanding
felony convictions for marijuana
users, and has usually attempted
to obtain only lesser
misdeameanor charges.
Younger faces three Republican
opponents in the June 2 primary.
They are state senator George
Deukmejian, state senator John L.
Harmer and Spencer Williams of
the California Crime Commission.
Recent Field polls have shown
Younger to be far in the lead. The
winner of the June primary will
run against the Democratic
candidate in November.

Commenting on the use of
police and national guard in
response to college riots such as
those which have occurred at
Santa Barbara and Berkeley,
Younger explained that he
believes that force should be met
with adequate counterforce.
Younger said he was aware of
the problem of some policemen
using tactics such as unwarranted
clubbing with nightsticks in the
tense, emotional moments leading
up to and during a riot, but he
added that it would probably be
difficult for anyone to withstand
some of the abuse which has
sometimes been heaped upon the
police.
Before becoming Los Angeles
district attorney, Younger served
as an FBI agent, municipal and
superior court judge, and
Chairman of President Nixon's
Task Force on Crime and Law
Enforcement.
Younger heads an immense
staff in Los Angeles, composed of
420 deputy district attorneys and
a working force of 998 His office
files 146,00 cases a year.
Following riots at San
Fernando Valley College, Younger
obtained the convictions of
twenty students who were found
guilty of conspiring to manhandle
and maul professors and wantonly
destroying public property.
Evelle J. Younger, Los Angeles
district attorney and Republican
candidate for attorney general of
California, was the featured
speaker at a breakfast sponsored
by the Stanford Area Young
Republicans Wednesday morning
at Rickey's Hyatt House.
The state attorney general has
the responsibility for enforcing all
the laws of California, Younger
stated, but he commented that
with very limited resources, any
attorney general would have to
accord the enforcement of certain
laws priority over others.
Younger said that laws such as
those forbidding dangerous drugs

or continued pollution of the
environment necessarily must be
enforced more stringently than,
for example, laws forbidding
sodomy.
As district attorney of Los
Angeles, Younger has had to deal
with a number of major incidents
which have drawn national
attention. Among them are the
Watts riots and the Tate-La Bianca
murders.
When asked to explain his views
regarding marijuana, Younger said
that he would have to await
further scientific evidence before
making a judgment regarding how
marijuana affects health. He

pointed out, however, that as
district attorney he has been
extremely hesitant in demanding
felony convictions for marijuana
users, and has usually attempted
to obtain only lesser
misdeameanor charges.
Younger faces three Republican
opponents in the June 2 primary.
They are state senator George
Deukmejian, state senator John L.
Harmer and Spencer Williams of
the California Crime Commission.
Recent Field polls have shown
Younger to be far in the lead. The
winner of the June primary will
run against the Democratic
candidate in November.

Commenting on the use of
police and national guard in
response to college riots such as
those which have occurred at
Santa Barbara and Berkeley,
Younger explained that he
believes that force should be met
with adequate counterforce.
Younger said he was aware of
the problem of some policemen
using tactics such as unwarranted
clubbing with nightsticks in the
tense, emotional moments leading
up to and during a riot, but he
added that it would probably be
difficult for anyone to withstand
some of the abuse which has
sometimes been heaped upon the
police.
Before becoming Los Angeles
district attorney, Younger served
as an FBI agent, municipal and
superior court judge, and
Chairman of President Nixon's
Task Force on Crime and Law
Enforcement.
Younger heads an immense
staff in Los Angeles, composed of
420 deputy district attorneys and
a working force of 998 His office
files 146,00 cases a year.
Following riots at San
Fernando Valley College, Younger
obtained the convictions of
twenty students who were found
guilty of conspiring to manhandle
and maul professors and wantonly
destroying public property.
Evelle J. Younger, Los Angeles
district attorney and Republican
candidate for attorney general of
California, was the featured
speaker at a breakfast sponsored
by the Stanford Area Young
Republicans Wednesday morning
at Rickey's Hyatt House.
The state attorney general has
the responsibility for enforcing all
the laws of California, Younger
stated, but he commented that
with very limited resources, any
attorney general would have to
accord the enforcement of certain
laws priority over others.
Younger said that laws such as
those forbidding dangerous drugs

or continued pollution of the
environment necessarily must be
enforced more stringently than,
for example, laws forbidding
sodomy.
As district attorney of Los
Angeles, Younger has had to deal
with a number of major incidents
which have drawn national
attention. Among them are the
Watts riots and the Tate-La Bianca
murders.
When asked to explain his views
regarding marijuana, Younger said
that he would have to await
further scientific evidence before
making a judgment regarding how
marijuana affects health. He

pointed out, however, that as
district attorney he has been
extremely hesitant in demanding
felony convictions for marijuana
users, and has usually attempted
to obtain only lesser
misdeameanor charges.
Younger faces three Republican
opponents in the June 2 primary.
They are state senator George
Deukmejian, state senator John L.
Harmer and Spencer Williams of
the California Crime Commission.
Recent Field polls have shown
Younger to be far in the lead. The
winner of the June primary will
run against the Democratic
candidate in November.

Commenting on the use of
police and national guard in
response to college riots such as
those which have occurred at
Santa Barbara and Berkeley,
Younger explained that he
believes that force should be met
with adequate counterforce.
Younger said he was aware of
the problem of some policemen
using tactics such as unwarranted
clubbing with nightsticks in the
tense, emotional moments leading
up to and during a riot, but he
added that it would probably be
difficult for anyone to withstand
some of the abuse which has
sometimes been heaped upon the
police.
Before becoming Los Angeles
district attorney, Younger served
as an FBI agent, municipal and
superior court judge, and
Chairman of President Nixon's
Task Force on Crime and Law
Enforcement.
Younger heads an immense
staff in Los Angeles, composed of
420 deputy district attorneys and
a working force of 998 His office
files 146,00 cases a year.
Following riots at San
Fernando Valley College, Younger
obtained the convictions of
twenty students who were found
guilty of conspiring to manhandle
and maul professors and wantonly
destroying public property.
Evelle J. Younger, Los Angeles
district attorney and Republican
candidate for attorney general of
California, was the featured
speaker at a breakfast sponsored
by the Stanford Area Young
Republicans Wednesday morning
at Rickey's Hyatt House.
The state attorney general has
the responsibility for enforcing all
the laws of California, Younger
stated, but he commented that
with very limited resources, any
attorney general would have to
accord the enforcement of certain
laws priority over others.
Younger said that laws such as
those forbidding dangerous drugs

or continued pollution of the
environment necessarily must be
enforced more stringently than,
for example, laws forbidding
sodomy.
As district attorney of Los
Angeles, Younger has had to deal
with a number of major incidents
which have drawn national
attention. Among them are the
Watts riots and the Tate-La Bianca
murders.
When asked to explain his views
regarding marijuana, Younger said
that he would have to await
further scientific evidence before
making a judgment regarding how
marijuana affects health. He

pointed out, however, that as
district attorney he has been
extremely hesitant in demanding
felony convictions for marijuana
users, and has usually attempted
to obtain only lesser
misdeameanor charges.
Younger faces three Republican
opponents in the June 2 primary.
They are state senator George
Deukmejian, state senator John L.
Harmer and Spencer Williams of
the California Crime Commission.
Recent Field polls have shown
Younger to be far in the lead. The
winner of the June primary will
run against the Democratic
candidate in November.

Commenting on the use of
police and national guard in
response to college riots such as
those which have occurred at
Santa Barbara and Berkeley,
Younger explained that he
believes that force should be met
with adequate counterforce.
Younger said he was aware of
the problem of some policemen
using tactics such as unwarranted
clubbing with nightsticks in the
tense, emotional moments leading
up to and during a riot, but he
added that it would probably be
difficult for anyone to withstand
some of the abuse which has
sometimes been heaped upon the
police.
Before becoming Los Angeles
district attorney, Younger served
as an FBI agent, municipal and
superior court judge, and
Chairman of President Nixon's
Task Force on Crime and Law
Enforcement.
Younger heads an immense
staff in Los Angeles, composed of
420 deputy district attorneys and
a working force of 998 His office
files 146,00 cases a year.
Following riots at San
Fernando Valley College, Younger
obtained the convictions of
twenty students who were found
guilty of conspiring to manhandle
and maul professors and wantonly
destroying public property.
Evelle J. Younger, Los Angeles
district attorney and Republican
candidate for attorney general of
California, was the featured
speaker at a breakfast sponsored
by the Stanford Area Young
Republicans Wednesday morning
at Rickey's Hyatt House.
The state attorney general has
the responsibility for enforcing all
the laws of California, Younger
stated, but he commented that
with very limited resources, any
attorney general would have to
accord the enforcement of certain
laws priority over others.
Younger said that laws such as
those forbidding dangerous drugs

or continued pollution of the
environment necessarily must be
enforced more stringently than,
for example, laws forbidding
sodomy.
As district attorney of Los
Angeles, Younger has had to deal
with a number of major incidents
which have drawn national
attention. Among them are the
Watts riots and the Tate-La Bianca
murders.
When asked to explain his views
regarding marijuana, Younger said
that he would have to await
further scientific evidence before
making a judgment regarding how
marijuana affects health. He

pointed out, however, that as
district attorney he has been
extremely hesitant in demanding
felony convictions for marijuana
users, and has usually attempted
to obtain only lesser
misdeameanor charges.
Younger faces three Republican
opponents in the June 2 primary.
They are state senator George
Deukmejian, state senator John L.
Harmer and Spencer Williams of
the California Crime Commission.
Recent Field polls have shown
Younger to be far in the lead. The
winner of the June primary will
run against the Democratic
candidate in November.

Commenting on the use of
police and national guard in
response to college riots such as
those which have occurred at
Santa Barbara and Berkeley,
Younger explained that he
believes that force should be met
with adequate counterforce.
Younger said he was aware of
the problem of some policemen
using tactics such as unwarranted
clubbing with nightsticks in the
tense, emotional moments leading
up to and during a riot, but he
added that it would probably be
difficult for anyone to withstand
some of the abuse which has
sometimes been heaped upon the
police.
Before becoming Los Angeles
district attorney, Younger served
as an FBI agent, municipal and
superior court judge, and
Chairman of President Nixon's
Task Force on Crime and Law
Enforcement.
Younger heads an immense
staff in Los Angeles, composed of
420 deputy district attorneys and
a working force of 998 His office
files 146,00 cases a year.
Following riots at San
Fernando Valley College, Younger
obtained the convictions of
twenty students who were found
guilty of conspiring to manhandle
and maul professors and wantonly
destroying public property.
Evelle J. Younger, Los Angeles
district attorney and Republican
candidate for attorney general of
California, was the featured
speaker at a breakfast sponsored
by the Stanford Area Young
Republicans Wednesday morning
at Rickey's Hyatt House.
The state attorney general has
the responsibility for enforcing all
the laws of California, Younger
stated, but he commented that
with very limited resources, any
attorney general would have to
accord the enforcement of certain
laws priority over others.
Younger said that laws such as
those forbidding dangerous drugs

or continued pollution of the
environment necessarily must be
enforced more stringently than,
for example, laws forbidding
sodomy.
As district attorney of Los
Angeles, Younger has had to deal
with a number of major incidents
which have drawn national
attention. Among them are the
Watts riots and the Tate-La Bianca
murders.
When asked to explain his views
regarding marijuana, Younger said
that he would have to await
further scientific evidence before
making a judgment regarding how
marijuana affects health. He

pointed out, however, that as
district attorney he has been
extremely hesitant in demanding
felony convictions for marijuana
users, and has usually attempted
to obtain only lesser
misdeameanor charges.
Younger faces three Republican
opponents in the June 2 primary.
They are state senator George
Deukmejian, state senator John L.
Harmer and Spencer Williams of
the California Crime Commission.
Recent Field polls have shown
Younger to be far in the lead. The
winner of the June primary will
run against the Democratic
candidate in November.

Commenting on the use of
police and national guard in
response to college riots such as
those which have occurred at
Santa Barbara and Berkeley,
Younger explained that he
believes that force should be met
with adequate counterforce.
Younger said he was aware of
the problem of some policemen
using tactics such as unwarranted
clubbing with nightsticks in the
tense, emotional moments leading
up to and during a riot, but he
added that it would probably be
difficult for anyone to withstand
some of the abuse which has
sometimes been heaped upon the
police.
Before becoming Los Angeles
district attorney, Younger served
as an FBI agent, municipal and
superior court judge, and
Chairman of President Nixon's
Task Force on Crime and Law
Enforcement.
Younger heads an immense
staff in Los Angeles, composed of
420 deputy district attorneys and
a working force of 998 His office
files 146,00 cases a year.
Following riots at San
Fernando Valley College, Younger
obtained the convictions of
twenty students who were found
guilty of conspiring to manhandle
and maul professors and wantonly
destroying public property.
Evelle J. Younger, Los Angeles
district attorney and Republican
candidate for attorney general of
California, was the featured
speaker at a breakfast sponsored
by the Stanford Area Young
Republicans Wednesday morning
at Rickey's Hyatt House.
The state attorney general has
the responsibility for enforcing all
the laws of California, Younger
stated, but he commented that
with very limited resources, any
attorney general would have to
accord the enforcement of certain
laws priority over others.
Younger said that laws such as
those forbidding dangerous drugs

or continued pollution of the
environment necessarily must be
enforced more stringently than,
for example, laws forbidding
sodomy.
As district attorney of Los
Angeles, Younger has had to deal
with a number of major incidents
which have drawn national
attention. Among them are the
Watts riots and the Tate-La Bianca
murders.
When asked to explain his views
regarding marijuana, Younger said
that he would have to await
further scientific evidence before
making a judgment regarding how
marijuana affects health. He

pointed out, however, that as
district attorney he has been
extremely hesitant in demanding
felony convictions for marijuana
users, and has usually attempted
to obtain only lesser
misdeameanor charges.
Younger faces three Republican
opponents in the June 2 primary.
They are state senator George
Deukmejian, state senator John L.
Harmer and Spencer Williams of
the California Crime Commission.
Recent Field polls have shown
Younger to be far in the lead. The
winner of the June primary will
run against the Democratic
candidate in November.

Commenting on the use of
police and national guard in
response to college riots such as
those which have occurred at
Santa Barbara and Berkeley,
Younger explained that he
believes that force should be met
with adequate counterforce.
Younger said he was aware of
the problem of some policemen
using tactics such as unwarranted
clubbing with nightsticks in the
tense, emotional moments leading
up to and during a riot, but he
added that it would probably be
difficult for anyone to withstand
some of the abuse which has
sometimes been heaped upon the
police.
Before becoming Los Angeles
district attorney, Younger served
as an FBI agent, municipal and
superior court judge, and
Chairman of President Nixon's
Task Force on Crime and Law
Enforcement.
Younger heads an immense
staff in Los Angeles, composed of
420 deputy district attorneys and
a working force of 998 His office
files 146,00 cases a year.
Following riots at San
Fernando Valley College, Younger
obtained the convictions of
twenty students who were found
guilty of conspiring to manhandle
and maul professors and wantonly
destroying public property.
Evelle J. Younger, Los Angeles
district attorney and Republican
candidate for attorney general of
California, was the featured
speaker at a breakfast sponsored
by the Stanford Area Young
Republicans Wednesday morning
at Rickey's Hyatt House.
The state attorney general has
the responsibility for enforcing all
the laws of California, Younger
stated, but he commented that
with very limited resources, any
attorney general would have to
accord the enforcement of certain
laws priority over others.
Younger said that laws such as
those forbidding dangerous drugs

or continued pollution of the
environment necessarily must be
enforced more stringently than,
for example, laws forbidding
sodomy.
As district attorney of Los
Angeles, Younger has had to deal
with a number of major incidents
which have drawn national
attention. Among them are the
Watts riots and the Tate-La Bianca
murders.
When asked to explain his views
regarding marijuana, Younger said
that he would have to await
further scientific evidence before
making a judgment regarding how
marijuana affects health. He

pointed out, however, that as
district attorney he has been
extremely hesitant in demanding
felony convictions for marijuana
users, and has usually attempted
to obtain only lesser
misdeameanor charges.
Younger faces three Republican
opponents in the June 2 primary.
They are state senator George
Deukmejian, state senator John L.
Harmer and Spencer Williams of
the California Crime Commission.
Recent Field polls have shown
Younger to be far in the lead. The
winner of the June primary will
run against the Democratic
candidate in November.

Commenting on the use of
police and national guard in
response to college riots such as
those which have occurred at
Santa Barbara and Berkeley,
Younger explained that he
believes that force should be met
with adequate counterforce.
Younger said he was aware of
the problem of some policemen
using tactics such as unwarranted
clubbing with nightsticks in the
tense, emotional moments leading
up to and during a riot, but he
added that it would probably be
difficult for anyone to withstand
some of the abuse which has
sometimes been heaped upon the
police.
Before becoming Los Angeles
district attorney, Younger served
as an FBI agent, municipal and
superior court judge, and
Chairman of President Nixon's
Task Force on Crime and Law
Enforcement.
Younger heads an immense
staff in Los Angeles, composed of
420 deputy district attorneys and
a working force of 998 His office
files 146,00 cases a year.
Following riots at San
Fernando Valley College, Younger
obtained the convictions of
twenty students who were found
guilty of conspiring to manhandle
and maul professors and wantonly
destroying public property.
