# "Hamlet" is Read by W.J. Koehler.
## 
### 
Before a good-sized audience in the
Chapel last night, William John Koeh
ler gave a dramatic reading of "Ham
let." Koehler interpreted the melan
choly Dane as feigning madness and
not as actually mad. While his por
trayal of Hamlet was acceptable, it
was in his character work that he was
at his best, his "Polonius and grave
diggers" being exceedingly well done.
Koehler spoke under the auspices of
the English Club.
Before a good-sized audience in the
Chapel last night, William John Koeh
ler gave a dramatic reading of "Ham
let." Koehler interpreted the melan
choly Dane as feigning madness and
not as actually mad. While his por
trayal of Hamlet was acceptable, it
was in his character work that he was
at his best, his "Polonius and grave
diggers" being exceedingly well done.
Koehler spoke under the auspices of
the English Club.
Before a good-sized audience in the
Chapel last night, William John Koeh
ler gave a dramatic reading of "Ham
let." Koehler interpreted the melan
choly Dane as feigning madness and
not as actually mad. While his por
trayal of Hamlet was acceptable, it
was in his character work that he was
at his best, his "Polonius and grave
diggers" being exceedingly well done.
Koehler spoke under the auspices of
the English Club.
Before a good-sized audience in the
Chapel last night, William John Koeh
ler gave a dramatic reading of "Ham
let." Koehler interpreted the melan
choly Dane as feigning madness and
not as actually mad. While his por
trayal of Hamlet was acceptable, it
was in his character work that he was
at his best, his "Polonius and grave
diggers" being exceedingly well done.
Koehler spoke under the auspices of
the English Club.
Before a good-sized audience in the
Chapel last night, William John Koeh
ler gave a dramatic reading of "Ham
let." Koehler interpreted the melan
choly Dane as feigning madness and
not as actually mad. While his por
trayal of Hamlet was acceptable, it
was in his character work that he was
at his best, his "Polonius and grave
diggers" being exceedingly well done.
Koehler spoke under the auspices of
the English Club.
Before a good-sized audience in the
Chapel last night, William John Koeh
ler gave a dramatic reading of "Ham
let." Koehler interpreted the melan
choly Dane as feigning madness and
not as actually mad. While his por
trayal of Hamlet was acceptable, it
was in his character work that he was
at his best, his "Polonius and grave
diggers" being exceedingly well done.
Koehler spoke under the auspices of
the English Club.
Before a good-sized audience in the
Chapel last night, William John Koeh
ler gave a dramatic reading of "Ham
let." Koehler interpreted the melan
choly Dane as feigning madness and
not as actually mad. While his por
trayal of Hamlet was acceptable, it
was in his character work that he was
at his best, his "Polonius and grave
diggers" being exceedingly well done.
Koehler spoke under the auspices of
the English Club.
Before a good-sized audience in the
Chapel last night, William John Koeh
ler gave a dramatic reading of "Ham
let." Koehler interpreted the melan
choly Dane as feigning madness and
not as actually mad. While his por
trayal of Hamlet was acceptable, it
was in his character work that he was
at his best, his "Polonius and grave
diggers" being exceedingly well done.
Koehler spoke under the auspices of
the English Club.
Before a good-sized audience in the
Chapel last night, William John Koeh
ler gave a dramatic reading of "Ham
let." Koehler interpreted the melan
choly Dane as feigning madness and
not as actually mad. While his por
trayal of Hamlet was acceptable, it
was in his character work that he was
at his best, his "Polonius and grave
diggers" being exceedingly well done.
Koehler spoke under the auspices of
the English Club.
Before a good-sized audience in the
Chapel last night, William John Koeh
ler gave a dramatic reading of "Ham
let." Koehler interpreted the melan
choly Dane as feigning madness and
not as actually mad. While his por
trayal of Hamlet was acceptable, it
was in his character work that he was
at his best, his "Polonius and grave
diggers" being exceedingly well done.
Koehler spoke under the auspices of
the English Club.
Before a good-sized audience in the
Chapel last night, William John Koeh
ler gave a dramatic reading of "Ham
let." Koehler interpreted the melan
choly Dane as feigning madness and
not as actually mad. While his por
trayal of Hamlet was acceptable, it
was in his character work that he was
at his best, his "Polonius and grave
diggers" being exceedingly well done.
Koehler spoke under the auspices of
the English Club.
Before a good-sized audience in the
Chapel last night, William John Koeh
ler gave a dramatic reading of "Ham
let." Koehler interpreted the melan
choly Dane as feigning madness and
not as actually mad. While his por
trayal of Hamlet was acceptable, it
was in his character work that he was
at his best, his "Polonius and grave
diggers" being exceedingly well done.
Koehler spoke under the auspices of
the English Club.
Before a good-sized audience in the
Chapel last night, William John Koeh
ler gave a dramatic reading of "Ham
let." Koehler interpreted the melan
choly Dane as feigning madness and
not as actually mad. While his por
trayal of Hamlet was acceptable, it
was in his character work that he was
at his best, his "Polonius and grave
diggers" being exceedingly well done.
Koehler spoke under the auspices of
the English Club.
