# Number of "Smoke-ups" Increase.
## 
### 
One hundred and twenty-eight double
scholarship warnings were sent out
during the last week to students delin
quent in their class room work. Last
year only one hundred and nineteen
were mailed, showing a small increase
in the number of "smoke-tips" re
ceived.
One hundred and twenty-eight double
scholarship warnings were sent out
during the last week to students delin
quent in their class room work. Last
year only one hundred and nineteen
were mailed, showing a small increase
in the number of "smoke-tips" re
ceived.
One hundred and twenty-eight double
scholarship warnings were sent out
during the last week to students delin
quent in their class room work. Last
year only one hundred and nineteen
were mailed, showing a small increase
in the number of "smoke-tips" re
ceived.
One hundred and twenty-eight double
scholarship warnings were sent out
during the last week to students delin
quent in their class room work. Last
year only one hundred and nineteen
were mailed, showing a small increase
in the number of "smoke-tips" re
ceived.
One hundred and twenty-eight double
scholarship warnings were sent out
during the last week to students delin
quent in their class room work. Last
year only one hundred and nineteen
were mailed, showing a small increase
in the number of "smoke-tips" re
ceived.
One hundred and twenty-eight double
scholarship warnings were sent out
during the last week to students delin
quent in their class room work. Last
year only one hundred and nineteen
were mailed, showing a small increase
in the number of "smoke-tips" re
ceived.
One hundred and twenty-eight double
scholarship warnings were sent out
during the last week to students delin
quent in their class room work. Last
year only one hundred and nineteen
were mailed, showing a small increase
in the number of "smoke-tips" re
ceived.
One hundred and twenty-eight double
scholarship warnings were sent out
during the last week to students delin
quent in their class room work. Last
year only one hundred and nineteen
were mailed, showing a small increase
in the number of "smoke-tips" re
ceived.
One hundred and twenty-eight double
scholarship warnings were sent out
during the last week to students delin
quent in their class room work. Last
year only one hundred and nineteen
were mailed, showing a small increase
in the number of "smoke-tips" re
ceived.
One hundred and twenty-eight double
scholarship warnings were sent out
during the last week to students delin
quent in their class room work. Last
year only one hundred and nineteen
were mailed, showing a small increase
in the number of "smoke-tips" re
ceived.
One hundred and twenty-eight double
scholarship warnings were sent out
during the last week to students delin
quent in their class room work. Last
year only one hundred and nineteen
were mailed, showing a small increase
in the number of "smoke-tips" re
ceived.
One hundred and twenty-eight double
scholarship warnings were sent out
during the last week to students delin
quent in their class room work. Last
year only one hundred and nineteen
were mailed, showing a small increase
in the number of "smoke-tips" re
ceived.
One hundred and twenty-eight double
scholarship warnings were sent out
during the last week to students delin
quent in their class room work. Last
year only one hundred and nineteen
were mailed, showing a small increase
in the number of "smoke-tips" re
ceived.
