# Joint Meeting Planned By Motorcycle Riders
## 
### 
All motorcycle riders who are in
erested in planning joint rides and
}icnics with the UC motorcycle
iders are urged to contact Tom
Lund, Village 117, or Laurie Da
vison, Redwood City, phone EM
>-5422.
A meeting with the UC group is
planned for Sunday to attend mo
orcycle races at the Belmont Sta
lium. Admission is 50 cents with
student body card.
All motorcycle riders who are in
erested in planning joint rides and
}icnics with the UC motorcycle
iders are urged to contact Tom
Lund, Village 117, or Laurie Da
vison, Redwood City, phone EM
>-5422.
A meeting with the UC group is
planned for Sunday to attend mo
orcycle races at the Belmont Sta
lium. Admission is 50 cents with
student body card.
All motorcycle riders who are in
erested in planning joint rides and
}icnics with the UC motorcycle
iders are urged to contact Tom
Lund, Village 117, or Laurie Da
vison, Redwood City, phone EM
>-5422.
A meeting with the UC group is
planned for Sunday to attend mo
orcycle races at the Belmont Sta
lium. Admission is 50 cents with
student body card.
All motorcycle riders who are in
erested in planning joint rides and
}icnics with the UC motorcycle
iders are urged to contact Tom
Lund, Village 117, or Laurie Da
vison, Redwood City, phone EM
>-5422.
A meeting with the UC group is
planned for Sunday to attend mo
orcycle races at the Belmont Sta
lium. Admission is 50 cents with
student body card.
All motorcycle riders who are in
erested in planning joint rides and
}icnics with the UC motorcycle
iders are urged to contact Tom
Lund, Village 117, or Laurie Da
vison, Redwood City, phone EM
>-5422.
A meeting with the UC group is
planned for Sunday to attend mo
orcycle races at the Belmont Sta
lium. Admission is 50 cents with
student body card.
All motorcycle riders who are in
erested in planning joint rides and
}icnics with the UC motorcycle
iders are urged to contact Tom
Lund, Village 117, or Laurie Da
vison, Redwood City, phone EM
>-5422.
A meeting with the UC group is
planned for Sunday to attend mo
orcycle races at the Belmont Sta
lium. Admission is 50 cents with
student body card.
All motorcycle riders who are in
erested in planning joint rides and
}icnics with the UC motorcycle
iders are urged to contact Tom
Lund, Village 117, or Laurie Da
vison, Redwood City, phone EM
>-5422.
A meeting with the UC group is
planned for Sunday to attend mo
orcycle races at the Belmont Sta
lium. Admission is 50 cents with
student body card.
All motorcycle riders who are in
erested in planning joint rides and
}icnics with the UC motorcycle
iders are urged to contact Tom
Lund, Village 117, or Laurie Da
vison, Redwood City, phone EM
>-5422.
A meeting with the UC group is
planned for Sunday to attend mo
orcycle races at the Belmont Sta
lium. Admission is 50 cents with
student body card.
All motorcycle riders who are in
erested in planning joint rides and
}icnics with the UC motorcycle
iders are urged to contact Tom
Lund, Village 117, or Laurie Da
vison, Redwood City, phone EM
>-5422.
A meeting with the UC group is
planned for Sunday to attend mo
orcycle races at the Belmont Sta
lium. Admission is 50 cents with
student body card.
All motorcycle riders who are in
erested in planning joint rides and
}icnics with the UC motorcycle
iders are urged to contact Tom
Lund, Village 117, or Laurie Da
vison, Redwood City, phone EM
>-5422.
A meeting with the UC group is
planned for Sunday to attend mo
orcycle races at the Belmont Sta
lium. Admission is 50 cents with
student body card.
All motorcycle riders who are in
erested in planning joint rides and
}icnics with the UC motorcycle
iders are urged to contact Tom
Lund, Village 117, or Laurie Da
vison, Redwood City, phone EM
>-5422.
A meeting with the UC group is
planned for Sunday to attend mo
orcycle races at the Belmont Sta
lium. Admission is 50 cents with
student body card.
All motorcycle riders who are in
erested in planning joint rides and
}icnics with the UC motorcycle
iders are urged to contact Tom
Lund, Village 117, or Laurie Da
vison, Redwood City, phone EM
>-5422.
A meeting with the UC group is
planned for Sunday to attend mo
orcycle races at the Belmont Sta
lium. Admission is 50 cents with
student body card.
All motorcycle riders who are in
erested in planning joint rides and
}icnics with the UC motorcycle
iders are urged to contact Tom
Lund, Village 117, or Laurie Da
vison, Redwood City, phone EM
>-5422.
A meeting with the UC group is
planned for Sunday to attend mo
orcycle races at the Belmont Sta
lium. Admission is 50 cents with
student body card.
All motorcycle riders who are in
erested in planning joint rides and
}icnics with the UC motorcycle
iders are urged to contact Tom
Lund, Village 117, or Laurie Da
vison, Redwood City, phone EM
>-5422.
A meeting with the UC group is
planned for Sunday to attend mo
orcycle races at the Belmont Sta
lium. Admission is 50 cents with
student body card.
All motorcycle riders who are in
erested in planning joint rides and
}icnics with the UC motorcycle
iders are urged to contact Tom
Lund, Village 117, or Laurie Da
vison, Redwood City, phone EM
>-5422.
A meeting with the UC group is
planned for Sunday to attend mo
orcycle races at the Belmont Sta
lium. Admission is 50 cents with
student body card.
All motorcycle riders who are in
erested in planning joint rides and
}icnics with the UC motorcycle
iders are urged to contact Tom
Lund, Village 117, or Laurie Da
vison, Redwood City, phone EM
>-5422.
A meeting with the UC group is
planned for Sunday to attend mo
orcycle races at the Belmont Sta
lium. Admission is 50 cents with
student body card.
