# Frosh to Collect Wood for Bonfire
## 
### 
Collection trips to gather mate
rial for the Big Game bonfire will
begin this afternoon whc<n Encina
wing 3W leaves on the first forage
at 2:30.
The bonfire is a traditional part
of the Big Game rally to be held
Thursday, Nov. 18. It is always
built by the freshman men and re
quires many hours of labor accu
mulating wood and guarding the
finished pile from the attacks of
Cal raiders.
Collection trips to gather mate
rial for the Big Game bonfire will
begin this afternoon whc<n Encina
wing 3W leaves on the first forage
at 2:30.
The bonfire is a traditional part
of the Big Game rally to be held
Thursday, Nov. 18. It is always
built by the freshman men and re
quires many hours of labor accu
mulating wood and guarding the
finished pile from the attacks of
Cal raiders.
Collection trips to gather mate
rial for the Big Game bonfire will
begin this afternoon whc<n Encina
wing 3W leaves on the first forage
at 2:30.
The bonfire is a traditional part
of the Big Game rally to be held
Thursday, Nov. 18. It is always
built by the freshman men and re
quires many hours of labor accu
mulating wood and guarding the
finished pile from the attacks of
Cal raiders.
Collection trips to gather mate
rial for the Big Game bonfire will
begin this afternoon whc<n Encina
wing 3W leaves on the first forage
at 2:30.
The bonfire is a traditional part
of the Big Game rally to be held
Thursday, Nov. 18. It is always
built by the freshman men and re
quires many hours of labor accu
mulating wood and guarding the
finished pile from the attacks of
Cal raiders.
Collection trips to gather mate
rial for the Big Game bonfire will
begin this afternoon whc<n Encina
wing 3W leaves on the first forage
at 2:30.
The bonfire is a traditional part
of the Big Game rally to be held
Thursday, Nov. 18. It is always
built by the freshman men and re
quires many hours of labor accu
mulating wood and guarding the
finished pile from the attacks of
Cal raiders.
Collection trips to gather mate
rial for the Big Game bonfire will
begin this afternoon whc<n Encina
wing 3W leaves on the first forage
at 2:30.
The bonfire is a traditional part
of the Big Game rally to be held
Thursday, Nov. 18. It is always
built by the freshman men and re
quires many hours of labor accu
mulating wood and guarding the
finished pile from the attacks of
Cal raiders.
Collection trips to gather mate
rial for the Big Game bonfire will
begin this afternoon whc<n Encina
wing 3W leaves on the first forage
at 2:30.
The bonfire is a traditional part
of the Big Game rally to be held
Thursday, Nov. 18. It is always
built by the freshman men and re
quires many hours of labor accu
mulating wood and guarding the
finished pile from the attacks of
Cal raiders.
Collection trips to gather mate
rial for the Big Game bonfire will
begin this afternoon whc<n Encina
wing 3W leaves on the first forage
at 2:30.
The bonfire is a traditional part
of the Big Game rally to be held
Thursday, Nov. 18. It is always
built by the freshman men and re
quires many hours of labor accu
mulating wood and guarding the
finished pile from the attacks of
Cal raiders.
Collection trips to gather mate
rial for the Big Game bonfire will
begin this afternoon whc<n Encina
wing 3W leaves on the first forage
at 2:30.
The bonfire is a traditional part
of the Big Game rally to be held
Thursday, Nov. 18. It is always
built by the freshman men and re
quires many hours of labor accu
mulating wood and guarding the
finished pile from the attacks of
Cal raiders.
Collection trips to gather mate
rial for the Big Game bonfire will
begin this afternoon whc<n Encina
wing 3W leaves on the first forage
at 2:30.
The bonfire is a traditional part
of the Big Game rally to be held
Thursday, Nov. 18. It is always
built by the freshman men and re
quires many hours of labor accu
mulating wood and guarding the
finished pile from the attacks of
Cal raiders.
Collection trips to gather mate
rial for the Big Game bonfire will
begin this afternoon whc<n Encina
wing 3W leaves on the first forage
at 2:30.
The bonfire is a traditional part
of the Big Game rally to be held
Thursday, Nov. 18. It is always
built by the freshman men and re
quires many hours of labor accu
mulating wood and guarding the
finished pile from the attacks of
Cal raiders.
Collection trips to gather mate
rial for the Big Game bonfire will
begin this afternoon whc<n Encina
wing 3W leaves on the first forage
at 2:30.
The bonfire is a traditional part
of the Big Game rally to be held
Thursday, Nov. 18. It is always
built by the freshman men and re
quires many hours of labor accu
mulating wood and guarding the
finished pile from the attacks of
Cal raiders.
Collection trips to gather mate
rial for the Big Game bonfire will
begin this afternoon whc<n Encina
wing 3W leaves on the first forage
at 2:30.
The bonfire is a traditional part
of the Big Game rally to be held
Thursday, Nov. 18. It is always
built by the freshman men and re
quires many hours of labor accu
mulating wood and guarding the
finished pile from the attacks of
Cal raiders.
Collection trips to gather mate
rial for the Big Game bonfire will
begin this afternoon whc<n Encina
wing 3W leaves on the first forage
at 2:30.
The bonfire is a traditional part
of the Big Game rally to be held
Thursday, Nov. 18. It is always
built by the freshman men and re
quires many hours of labor accu
mulating wood and guarding the
finished pile from the attacks of
Cal raiders.
Collection trips to gather mate
rial for the Big Game bonfire will
begin this afternoon whc<n Encina
wing 3W leaves on the first forage
at 2:30.
The bonfire is a traditional part
of the Big Game rally to be held
Thursday, Nov. 18. It is always
built by the freshman men and re
quires many hours of labor accu
mulating wood and guarding the
finished pile from the attacks of
Cal raiders.
Collection trips to gather mate
rial for the Big Game bonfire will
begin this afternoon whc<n Encina
wing 3W leaves on the first forage
at 2:30.
The bonfire is a traditional part
of the Big Game rally to be held
Thursday, Nov. 18. It is always
built by the freshman men and re
quires many hours of labor accu
mulating wood and guarding the
finished pile from the attacks of
Cal raiders.
