# RESERVE CORPS
## 
### 
WASHINGTON —You'll hear it
both ways, but insiders say that
President Truman's Oct. 16 state
ment ordering Defense Secretary
Forrestal to give reserve forces a
shot in the Army was not a politi
cal move.
Influential reserve people had
been working hard to get just such
a statement from the President.
They feel the Army and Air Force
Reserve Corps have been getting a

run-around from the regular estal
lishments.
WASHINGTON —You'll hear it
both ways, but insiders say that
President Truman's Oct. 16 state
ment ordering Defense Secretary
Forrestal to give reserve forces a
shot in the Army was not a politi
cal move.
Influential reserve people had
been working hard to get just such
a statement from the President.
They feel the Army and Air Force
Reserve Corps have been getting a

run-around from the regular estal
lishments.
WASHINGTON —You'll hear it
both ways, but insiders say that
President Truman's Oct. 16 state
ment ordering Defense Secretary
Forrestal to give reserve forces a
shot in the Army was not a politi
cal move.
Influential reserve people had
been working hard to get just such
a statement from the President.
They feel the Army and Air Force
Reserve Corps have been getting a

run-around from the regular estal
lishments.
WASHINGTON —You'll hear it
both ways, but insiders say that
President Truman's Oct. 16 state
ment ordering Defense Secretary
Forrestal to give reserve forces a
shot in the Army was not a politi
cal move.
Influential reserve people had
been working hard to get just such
a statement from the President.
They feel the Army and Air Force
Reserve Corps have been getting a

run-around from the regular estal
lishments.
WASHINGTON —You'll hear it
both ways, but insiders say that
President Truman's Oct. 16 state
ment ordering Defense Secretary
Forrestal to give reserve forces a
shot in the Army was not a politi
cal move.
Influential reserve people had
been working hard to get just such
a statement from the President.
They feel the Army and Air Force
Reserve Corps have been getting a

run-around from the regular estal
lishments.
WASHINGTON —You'll hear it
both ways, but insiders say that
President Truman's Oct. 16 state
ment ordering Defense Secretary
Forrestal to give reserve forces a
shot in the Army was not a politi
cal move.
Influential reserve people had
been working hard to get just such
a statement from the President.
They feel the Army and Air Force
Reserve Corps have been getting a

run-around from the regular estal
lishments.
WASHINGTON —You'll hear it
both ways, but insiders say that
President Truman's Oct. 16 state
ment ordering Defense Secretary
Forrestal to give reserve forces a
shot in the Army was not a politi
cal move.
Influential reserve people had
been working hard to get just such
a statement from the President.
They feel the Army and Air Force
Reserve Corps have been getting a

run-around from the regular estal
lishments.
WASHINGTON —You'll hear it
both ways, but insiders say that
President Truman's Oct. 16 state
ment ordering Defense Secretary
Forrestal to give reserve forces a
shot in the Army was not a politi
cal move.
Influential reserve people had
been working hard to get just such
a statement from the President.
They feel the Army and Air Force
Reserve Corps have been getting a

run-around from the regular estal
lishments.
WASHINGTON —You'll hear it
both ways, but insiders say that
President Truman's Oct. 16 state
ment ordering Defense Secretary
Forrestal to give reserve forces a
shot in the Army was not a politi
cal move.
Influential reserve people had
been working hard to get just such
a statement from the President.
They feel the Army and Air Force
Reserve Corps have been getting a

run-around from the regular estal
lishments.
WASHINGTON —You'll hear it
both ways, but insiders say that
President Truman's Oct. 16 state
ment ordering Defense Secretary
Forrestal to give reserve forces a
shot in the Army was not a politi
cal move.
Influential reserve people had
been working hard to get just such
a statement from the President.
They feel the Army and Air Force
Reserve Corps have been getting a

run-around from the regular estal
lishments.
WASHINGTON —You'll hear it
both ways, but insiders say that
President Truman's Oct. 16 state
ment ordering Defense Secretary
Forrestal to give reserve forces a
shot in the Army was not a politi
cal move.
Influential reserve people had
been working hard to get just such
a statement from the President.
They feel the Army and Air Force
Reserve Corps have been getting a

run-around from the regular estal
lishments.
WASHINGTON —You'll hear it
both ways, but insiders say that
President Truman's Oct. 16 state
ment ordering Defense Secretary
Forrestal to give reserve forces a
shot in the Army was not a politi
cal move.
Influential reserve people had
been working hard to get just such
a statement from the President.
They feel the Army and Air Force
Reserve Corps have been getting a

run-around from the regular estal
lishments.
WASHINGTON —You'll hear it
both ways, but insiders say that
President Truman's Oct. 16 state
ment ordering Defense Secretary
Forrestal to give reserve forces a
shot in the Army was not a politi
cal move.
Influential reserve people had
been working hard to get just such
a statement from the President.
They feel the Army and Air Force
Reserve Corps have been getting a

run-around from the regular estal
lishments.
WASHINGTON —You'll hear it
both ways, but insiders say that
President Truman's Oct. 16 state
ment ordering Defense Secretary
Forrestal to give reserve forces a
shot in the Army was not a politi
cal move.
Influential reserve people had
been working hard to get just such
a statement from the President.
They feel the Army and Air Force
Reserve Corps have been getting a

run-around from the regular estal
lishments.
WASHINGTON —You'll hear it
both ways, but insiders say that
President Truman's Oct. 16 state
ment ordering Defense Secretary
Forrestal to give reserve forces a
shot in the Army was not a politi
cal move.
Influential reserve people had
been working hard to get just such
a statement from the President.
They feel the Army and Air Force
Reserve Corps have been getting a

run-around from the regular estal
lishments.
WASHINGTON —You'll hear it
both ways, but insiders say that
President Truman's Oct. 16 state
ment ordering Defense Secretary
Forrestal to give reserve forces a
shot in the Army was not a politi
cal move.
Influential reserve people had
been working hard to get just such
a statement from the President.
They feel the Army and Air Force
Reserve Corps have been getting a

run-around from the regular estal
lishments.
