# Native American sites saved
## University to preserve archaeological digs on Stanford land 
### Pia Ali-Salaam Staff writer 
Citing the importance of
preserving Native American cul
ture, the University recently
decided to protect over 50 sites
where Native Americans lived
more than 5,000 years ago, ac
cording to a University official.
No buildings will be con
structed on top of the valuable
artifacts in the forseeable fu
ture, said Jean Barnes, a staff
assistant at the Office of Plan
ning and Management. This

policy is in response to a
recently-completed three-year
archaeological survey of Stan
ford's lands off campus.
The artifacts found at the
sites are "very important to
Stanford because they are
unique treasures" which offer
many research opportunities,
Barnes said.
Barbara Bocek, a campus ar
chaeologist for the Provost's of
fice and overseer of the sites,
said she was pleased with the
new policy and added that "the
University realized that tempo

rary preservation doesn't make
sense." â€¢
Stanford has known that sites
like these existed since the
1950s when Emeritus Anthro
pology Prof. Bert Gerow discov
ered one area on campus where
prehistoric Native Americans
lived.
In recent years, Stanford
decided to go ahead with a com
prehensive investigation of the
University lands and in 1985,
Bocek, then a graduate anthro
