# Senior Applications Must Be In May 8
## 
### 
May 8 is the deadline for seniors
to turn in their applications for
graduation, according to Barbara
Burroughs, senior secretary-treas
urer.
It will also he the deadline for
ordering graduation announce
ordering the graduation announce
ments and senior hoklets at the
Bookstore.
May 8 is the deadline for seniors
to turn in their applications for
graduation, according to Barbara
Burroughs, senior secretary-treas
urer.
It will also he the deadline for
ordering graduation announce
ordering the graduation announce
ments and senior hoklets at the
Bookstore.
May 8 is the deadline for seniors
to turn in their applications for
graduation, according to Barbara
Burroughs, senior secretary-treas
urer.
It will also he the deadline for
ordering graduation announce
ordering the graduation announce
ments and senior hoklets at the
Bookstore.
May 8 is the deadline for seniors
to turn in their applications for
graduation, according to Barbara
Burroughs, senior secretary-treas
urer.
It will also he the deadline for
ordering graduation announce
ordering the graduation announce
ments and senior hoklets at the
Bookstore.
May 8 is the deadline for seniors
to turn in their applications for
graduation, according to Barbara
Burroughs, senior secretary-treas
urer.
It will also he the deadline for
ordering graduation announce
ordering the graduation announce
ments and senior hoklets at the
Bookstore.
May 8 is the deadline for seniors
to turn in their applications for
graduation, according to Barbara
Burroughs, senior secretary-treas
urer.
It will also he the deadline for
ordering graduation announce
ordering the graduation announce
ments and senior hoklets at the
Bookstore.
May 8 is the deadline for seniors
to turn in their applications for
graduation, according to Barbara
Burroughs, senior secretary-treas
urer.
It will also he the deadline for
ordering graduation announce
ordering the graduation announce
ments and senior hoklets at the
Bookstore.
May 8 is the deadline for seniors
to turn in their applications for
graduation, according to Barbara
Burroughs, senior secretary-treas
urer.
It will also he the deadline for
ordering graduation announce
ordering the graduation announce
ments and senior hoklets at the
Bookstore.
May 8 is the deadline for seniors
to turn in their applications for
graduation, according to Barbara
Burroughs, senior secretary-treas
urer.
It will also he the deadline for
ordering graduation announce
ordering the graduation announce
ments and senior hoklets at the
Bookstore.
May 8 is the deadline for seniors
to turn in their applications for
graduation, according to Barbara
Burroughs, senior secretary-treas
urer.
It will also he the deadline for
ordering graduation announce
ordering the graduation announce
ments and senior hoklets at the
Bookstore.
May 8 is the deadline for seniors
to turn in their applications for
graduation, according to Barbara
Burroughs, senior secretary-treas
urer.
It will also he the deadline for
ordering graduation announce
ordering the graduation announce
ments and senior hoklets at the
Bookstore.
May 8 is the deadline for seniors
to turn in their applications for
graduation, according to Barbara
Burroughs, senior secretary-treas
urer.
It will also he the deadline for
ordering graduation announce
ordering the graduation announce
ments and senior hoklets at the
Bookstore.
May 8 is the deadline for seniors
to turn in their applications for
graduation, according to Barbara
Burroughs, senior secretary-treas
urer.
It will also he the deadline for
ordering graduation announce
ordering the graduation announce
ments and senior hoklets at the
Bookstore.
May 8 is the deadline for seniors
to turn in their applications for
graduation, according to Barbara
Burroughs, senior secretary-treas
urer.
It will also he the deadline for
ordering graduation announce
ordering the graduation announce
ments and senior hoklets at the
Bookstore.
May 8 is the deadline for seniors
to turn in their applications for
graduation, according to Barbara
Burroughs, senior secretary-treas
urer.
It will also he the deadline for
ordering graduation announce
ordering the graduation announce
ments and senior hoklets at the
Bookstore.
