# ENGLISH REVIEW CLUB
## 
### 
English Review Club will meet to
night at 8 at the home of Mrs. Mabel
F. Halbert, 680 Lowell Avenue, Palo
Alto. Graduates and seniors in Eng
lish are invited <o attend. Those de
siring transportation should be at
the Engineering Corner at 7:50.
English Review Club will meet to
night at 8 at the home of Mrs. Mabel
F. Halbert, 680 Lowell Avenue, Palo
Alto. Graduates and seniors in Eng
lish are invited <o attend. Those de
siring transportation should be at
the Engineering Corner at 7:50.
English Review Club will meet to
night at 8 at the home of Mrs. Mabel
F. Halbert, 680 Lowell Avenue, Palo
Alto. Graduates and seniors in Eng
lish are invited <o attend. Those de
siring transportation should be at
the Engineering Corner at 7:50.
English Review Club will meet to
night at 8 at the home of Mrs. Mabel
F. Halbert, 680 Lowell Avenue, Palo
Alto. Graduates and seniors in Eng
lish are invited <o attend. Those de
siring transportation should be at
the Engineering Corner at 7:50.
English Review Club will meet to
night at 8 at the home of Mrs. Mabel
F. Halbert, 680 Lowell Avenue, Palo
Alto. Graduates and seniors in Eng
lish are invited <o attend. Those de
siring transportation should be at
the Engineering Corner at 7:50.
English Review Club will meet to
night at 8 at the home of Mrs. Mabel
F. Halbert, 680 Lowell Avenue, Palo
Alto. Graduates and seniors in Eng
lish are invited <o attend. Those de
siring transportation should be at
the Engineering Corner at 7:50.
English Review Club will meet to
night at 8 at the home of Mrs. Mabel
F. Halbert, 680 Lowell Avenue, Palo
Alto. Graduates and seniors in Eng
lish are invited <o attend. Those de
siring transportation should be at
the Engineering Corner at 7:50.
English Review Club will meet to
night at 8 at the home of Mrs. Mabel
F. Halbert, 680 Lowell Avenue, Palo
Alto. Graduates and seniors in Eng
lish are invited <o attend. Those de
siring transportation should be at
the Engineering Corner at 7:50.
English Review Club will meet to
night at 8 at the home of Mrs. Mabel
F. Halbert, 680 Lowell Avenue, Palo
Alto. Graduates and seniors in Eng
lish are invited <o attend. Those de
siring transportation should be at
the Engineering Corner at 7:50.
English Review Club will meet to
night at 8 at the home of Mrs. Mabel
F. Halbert, 680 Lowell Avenue, Palo
Alto. Graduates and seniors in Eng
lish are invited <o attend. Those de
siring transportation should be at
the Engineering Corner at 7:50.
English Review Club will meet to
night at 8 at the home of Mrs. Mabel
F. Halbert, 680 Lowell Avenue, Palo
Alto. Graduates and seniors in Eng
lish are invited <o attend. Those de
siring transportation should be at
the Engineering Corner at 7:50.
English Review Club will meet to
night at 8 at the home of Mrs. Mabel
F. Halbert, 680 Lowell Avenue, Palo
Alto. Graduates and seniors in Eng
lish are invited <o attend. Those de
siring transportation should be at
the Engineering Corner at 7:50.
English Review Club will meet to
night at 8 at the home of Mrs. Mabel
F. Halbert, 680 Lowell Avenue, Palo
Alto. Graduates and seniors in Eng
lish are invited <o attend. Those de
siring transportation should be at
the Engineering Corner at 7:50.
English Review Club will meet to
night at 8 at the home of Mrs. Mabel
F. Halbert, 680 Lowell Avenue, Palo
Alto. Graduates and seniors in Eng
lish are invited <o attend. Those de
siring transportation should be at
the Engineering Corner at 7:50.
English Review Club will meet to
night at 8 at the home of Mrs. Mabel
F. Halbert, 680 Lowell Avenue, Palo
Alto. Graduates and seniors in Eng
lish are invited <o attend. Those de
siring transportation should be at
the Engineering Corner at 7:50.
