# Professor Marx Will Speak.
## 
### 
Wednesday evening, November 8,
Professor G. H. Marx, of the Mechan
ical Engineering Department, will
speak on the subject "Some Problems
Confronting Our New Citizens," under
the auspices of the Stanford Equal
Suffrage League and the Resident
Stanford Alumnae. The lecture will
be given in room 50, Education build
ing. All women invited.
Wednesday evening, November 8,
Professor G. H. Marx, of the Mechan
ical Engineering Department, will
speak on the subject "Some Problems
Confronting Our New Citizens," under
the auspices of the Stanford Equal
Suffrage League and the Resident
Stanford Alumnae. The lecture will
be given in room 50, Education build
ing. All women invited.
Wednesday evening, November 8,
Professor G. H. Marx, of the Mechan
ical Engineering Department, will
speak on the subject "Some Problems
Confronting Our New Citizens," under
the auspices of the Stanford Equal
Suffrage League and the Resident
Stanford Alumnae. The lecture will
be given in room 50, Education build
ing. All women invited.
Wednesday evening, November 8,
Professor G. H. Marx, of the Mechan
ical Engineering Department, will
speak on the subject "Some Problems
Confronting Our New Citizens," under
the auspices of the Stanford Equal
Suffrage League and the Resident
Stanford Alumnae. The lecture will
be given in room 50, Education build
ing. All women invited.
Wednesday evening, November 8,
Professor G. H. Marx, of the Mechan
ical Engineering Department, will
speak on the subject "Some Problems
Confronting Our New Citizens," under
the auspices of the Stanford Equal
Suffrage League and the Resident
Stanford Alumnae. The lecture will
be given in room 50, Education build
ing. All women invited.
Wednesday evening, November 8,
Professor G. H. Marx, of the Mechan
ical Engineering Department, will
speak on the subject "Some Problems
Confronting Our New Citizens," under
the auspices of the Stanford Equal
Suffrage League and the Resident
Stanford Alumnae. The lecture will
be given in room 50, Education build
ing. All women invited.
Wednesday evening, November 8,
Professor G. H. Marx, of the Mechan
ical Engineering Department, will
speak on the subject "Some Problems
Confronting Our New Citizens," under
the auspices of the Stanford Equal
Suffrage League and the Resident
Stanford Alumnae. The lecture will
be given in room 50, Education build
ing. All women invited.
Wednesday evening, November 8,
Professor G. H. Marx, of the Mechan
ical Engineering Department, will
speak on the subject "Some Problems
Confronting Our New Citizens," under
the auspices of the Stanford Equal
Suffrage League and the Resident
Stanford Alumnae. The lecture will
be given in room 50, Education build
ing. All women invited.
Wednesday evening, November 8,
Professor G. H. Marx, of the Mechan
ical Engineering Department, will
speak on the subject "Some Problems
Confronting Our New Citizens," under
the auspices of the Stanford Equal
Suffrage League and the Resident
Stanford Alumnae. The lecture will
be given in room 50, Education build
ing. All women invited.
Wednesday evening, November 8,
Professor G. H. Marx, of the Mechan
ical Engineering Department, will
speak on the subject "Some Problems
Confronting Our New Citizens," under
the auspices of the Stanford Equal
Suffrage League and the Resident
Stanford Alumnae. The lecture will
be given in room 50, Education build
ing. All women invited.
Wednesday evening, November 8,
Professor G. H. Marx, of the Mechan
ical Engineering Department, will
speak on the subject "Some Problems
Confronting Our New Citizens," under
the auspices of the Stanford Equal
Suffrage League and the Resident
Stanford Alumnae. The lecture will
be given in room 50, Education build
ing. All women invited.
Wednesday evening, November 8,
Professor G. H. Marx, of the Mechan
ical Engineering Department, will
speak on the subject "Some Problems
Confronting Our New Citizens," under
the auspices of the Stanford Equal
Suffrage League and the Resident
Stanford Alumnae. The lecture will
be given in room 50, Education build
ing. All women invited.
