# ALL-AMERICAN TEAMS WILL MEET IN OHIO STADIUM
## 
### 
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Nov. 28—Two
All-Araerican teams, one from the East
and one from the West, will face each
other in Ohio Stadium Saturday. The
event will mark the first time in his
tory two Ail-American teams have met
on the gridiron. Twenty-four universi
ties and colleges will be represented
on the field.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Nov. 28—Two
All-Araerican teams, one from the East
and one from the West, will face each
other in Ohio Stadium Saturday. The
event will mark the first time in his
tory two Ail-American teams have met
on the gridiron. Twenty-four universi
ties and colleges will be represented
on the field.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Nov. 28—Two
All-Araerican teams, one from the East
and one from the West, will face each
other in Ohio Stadium Saturday. The
event will mark the first time in his
tory two Ail-American teams have met
on the gridiron. Twenty-four universi
ties and colleges will be represented
on the field.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Nov. 28—Two
All-Araerican teams, one from the East
and one from the West, will face each
other in Ohio Stadium Saturday. The
event will mark the first time in his
tory two Ail-American teams have met
on the gridiron. Twenty-four universi
ties and colleges will be represented
on the field.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Nov. 28—Two
All-Araerican teams, one from the East
and one from the West, will face each
other in Ohio Stadium Saturday. The
event will mark the first time in his
tory two Ail-American teams have met
on the gridiron. Twenty-four universi
ties and colleges will be represented
on the field.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Nov. 28—Two
All-Araerican teams, one from the East
and one from the West, will face each
other in Ohio Stadium Saturday. The
event will mark the first time in his
tory two Ail-American teams have met
on the gridiron. Twenty-four universi
ties and colleges will be represented
on the field.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Nov. 28—Two
All-Araerican teams, one from the East
and one from the West, will face each
other in Ohio Stadium Saturday. The
event will mark the first time in his
tory two Ail-American teams have met
on the gridiron. Twenty-four universi
ties and colleges will be represented
on the field.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Nov. 28—Two
All-Araerican teams, one from the East
and one from the West, will face each
other in Ohio Stadium Saturday. The
event will mark the first time in his
tory two Ail-American teams have met
on the gridiron. Twenty-four universi
ties and colleges will be represented
on the field.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Nov. 28—Two
All-Araerican teams, one from the East
and one from the West, will face each
other in Ohio Stadium Saturday. The
event will mark the first time in his
tory two Ail-American teams have met
on the gridiron. Twenty-four universi
ties and colleges will be represented
on the field.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Nov. 28—Two
All-Araerican teams, one from the East
and one from the West, will face each
other in Ohio Stadium Saturday. The
event will mark the first time in his
tory two Ail-American teams have met
on the gridiron. Twenty-four universi
ties and colleges will be represented
on the field.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Nov. 28—Two
All-Araerican teams, one from the East
and one from the West, will face each
other in Ohio Stadium Saturday. The
event will mark the first time in his
tory two Ail-American teams have met
on the gridiron. Twenty-four universi
ties and colleges will be represented
on the field.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Nov. 28—Two
All-Araerican teams, one from the East
and one from the West, will face each
other in Ohio Stadium Saturday. The
event will mark the first time in his
tory two Ail-American teams have met
on the gridiron. Twenty-four universi
ties and colleges will be represented
on the field.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Nov. 28—Two
All-Araerican teams, one from the East
and one from the West, will face each
other in Ohio Stadium Saturday. The
event will mark the first time in his
tory two Ail-American teams have met
on the gridiron. Twenty-four universi
ties and colleges will be represented
on the field.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Nov. 28—Two
All-Araerican teams, one from the East
and one from the West, will face each
other in Ohio Stadium Saturday. The
event will mark the first time in his
tory two Ail-American teams have met
on the gridiron. Twenty-four universi
ties and colleges will be represented
on the field.
