# 'Harlequin' Classes Promise New Era
## 
### 
With all the yodeling that it is sad
to need glasses, many of our fond
perusers will be delighted with this
news. Glasses with glamour, with
zip. with silliness — you know —to
make you look as if you don't mind
wearing them.
They're called "Harlequin," being
patterned after the becoming mask
this Droll One usually wears. They
Live the eyes an amused tilted look,
and the face a kind of what-the
hell expression—"so I wear glasses,
so what'""
With all the yodeling that it is sad
to need glasses, many of our fond
perusers will be delighted with this
news. Glasses with glamour, with
zip. with silliness — you know —to
make you look as if you don't mind
wearing them.
They're called "Harlequin," being
patterned after the becoming mask
this Droll One usually wears. They
Live the eyes an amused tilted look,
and the face a kind of what-the
hell expression—"so I wear glasses,
so what'""
With all the yodeling that it is sad
to need glasses, many of our fond
perusers will be delighted with this
news. Glasses with glamour, with
zip. with silliness — you know —to
make you look as if you don't mind
wearing them.
They're called "Harlequin," being
patterned after the becoming mask
this Droll One usually wears. They
Live the eyes an amused tilted look,
and the face a kind of what-the
hell expression—"so I wear glasses,
so what'""
With all the yodeling that it is sad
to need glasses, many of our fond
perusers will be delighted with this
news. Glasses with glamour, with
zip. with silliness — you know —to
make you look as if you don't mind
wearing them.
They're called "Harlequin," being
patterned after the becoming mask
this Droll One usually wears. They
Live the eyes an amused tilted look,
and the face a kind of what-the
hell expression—"so I wear glasses,
so what'""
With all the yodeling that it is sad
to need glasses, many of our fond
perusers will be delighted with this
news. Glasses with glamour, with
zip. with silliness — you know —to
make you look as if you don't mind
wearing them.
They're called "Harlequin," being
patterned after the becoming mask
this Droll One usually wears. They
Live the eyes an amused tilted look,
and the face a kind of what-the
hell expression—"so I wear glasses,
so what'""
With all the yodeling that it is sad
to need glasses, many of our fond
perusers will be delighted with this
news. Glasses with glamour, with
zip. with silliness — you know —to
make you look as if you don't mind
wearing them.
They're called "Harlequin," being
patterned after the becoming mask
this Droll One usually wears. They
Live the eyes an amused tilted look,
and the face a kind of what-the
hell expression—"so I wear glasses,
so what'""
With all the yodeling that it is sad
to need glasses, many of our fond
perusers will be delighted with this
news. Glasses with glamour, with
zip. with silliness — you know —to
make you look as if you don't mind
wearing them.
They're called "Harlequin," being
patterned after the becoming mask
this Droll One usually wears. They
Live the eyes an amused tilted look,
and the face a kind of what-the
hell expression—"so I wear glasses,
so what'""
With all the yodeling that it is sad
to need glasses, many of our fond
perusers will be delighted with this
news. Glasses with glamour, with
zip. with silliness — you know —to
make you look as if you don't mind
wearing them.
They're called "Harlequin," being
patterned after the becoming mask
this Droll One usually wears. They
Live the eyes an amused tilted look,
and the face a kind of what-the
hell expression—"so I wear glasses,
so what'""
With all the yodeling that it is sad
to need glasses, many of our fond
perusers will be delighted with this
news. Glasses with glamour, with
zip. with silliness — you know —to
make you look as if you don't mind
wearing them.
They're called "Harlequin," being
patterned after the becoming mask
this Droll One usually wears. They
Live the eyes an amused tilted look,
and the face a kind of what-the
hell expression—"so I wear glasses,
so what'""
With all the yodeling that it is sad
to need glasses, many of our fond
perusers will be delighted with this
news. Glasses with glamour, with
zip. with silliness — you know —to
make you look as if you don't mind
wearing them.
They're called "Harlequin," being
patterned after the becoming mask
this Droll One usually wears. They
Live the eyes an amused tilted look,
and the face a kind of what-the
hell expression—"so I wear glasses,
so what'""
With all the yodeling that it is sad
to need glasses, many of our fond
perusers will be delighted with this
news. Glasses with glamour, with
zip. with silliness — you know —to
make you look as if you don't mind
wearing them.
They're called "Harlequin," being
patterned after the becoming mask
this Droll One usually wears. They
Live the eyes an amused tilted look,
and the face a kind of what-the
hell expression—"so I wear glasses,
so what'""
With all the yodeling that it is sad
to need glasses, many of our fond
perusers will be delighted with this
news. Glasses with glamour, with
zip. with silliness — you know —to
make you look as if you don't mind
wearing them.
They're called "Harlequin," being
patterned after the becoming mask
this Droll One usually wears. They
Live the eyes an amused tilted look,
and the face a kind of what-the
hell expression—"so I wear glasses,
so what'""
With all the yodeling that it is sad
to need glasses, many of our fond
perusers will be delighted with this
news. Glasses with glamour, with
zip. with silliness — you know —to
make you look as if you don't mind
wearing them.
They're called "Harlequin," being
patterned after the becoming mask
this Droll One usually wears. They
Live the eyes an amused tilted look,
and the face a kind of what-the
hell expression—"so I wear glasses,
so what'""
With all the yodeling that it is sad
to need glasses, many of our fond
perusers will be delighted with this
news. Glasses with glamour, with
zip. with silliness — you know —to
make you look as if you don't mind
wearing them.
They're called "Harlequin," being
patterned after the becoming mask
this Droll One usually wears. They
Live the eyes an amused tilted look,
and the face a kind of what-the
hell expression—"so I wear glasses,
so what'""
With all the yodeling that it is sad
to need glasses, many of our fond
perusers will be delighted with this
news. Glasses with glamour, with
zip. with silliness — you know —to
make you look as if you don't mind
wearing them.
They're called "Harlequin," being
patterned after the becoming mask
this Droll One usually wears. They
Live the eyes an amused tilted look,
and the face a kind of what-the
hell expression—"so I wear glasses,
so what'""
With all the yodeling that it is sad
to need glasses, many of our fond
perusers will be delighted with this
news. Glasses with glamour, with
zip. with silliness — you know —to
make you look as if you don't mind
wearing them.
They're called "Harlequin," being
patterned after the becoming mask
this Droll One usually wears. They
Live the eyes an amused tilted look,
and the face a kind of what-the
hell expression—"so I wear glasses,
so what'""
