# Trueblood to Take Two-week Leave
## 
### 
Preaching for the last time this
month, D. Ellon Trueblood, Chap
lain of the University, will conduct
worship al 11 a.m. Sunday, Oct 22,
at the Memorial Church.
Visiting vergers will replace Dr.
Trueblood for the next two Sundays.
On Oct. 20, Dr. Atkinson, executive
secretary of the World Alliance for
International Friendship through the
Churches, will address the con
gregation. He is to be followed on
Nov. 5 by Dr. David Baumgard,
formerly professor of philosophy at
the University of Berlin, now a
refugee. Dr. Trueblood will return
Nov. 12.
Today, the Stanford Chaplain is
scheduled to address a newly or
ganized Pacific Coast theological
discussion group, meeting at Sara
toga. The subject of his paper is
"Christianity as Idea and History."
