# Farm to Greet Newspapermen
## High School Editors To Attend Meeting 
### 
Three hundred high school news
paper and yearbook editors will
gather on the campus tomorrow for
the 16th annual meeting of the Cen
tral California Scholastic Press As-
The program will include talks on
newspaper and radio presentation of
news, advertising methods, and year
book production in addition to elec
lion o{ ofTicei s for the ensuing
CHIEF SPEAKER
"War News" i.s the topic to be dis
cussed by the chief speakers on the
program, Ben S. Allen of Palo Alto,
a former war correspondent, and
Clinton Jones, news editor of radio
The group, representing over 50
California high schools, will hear
several other speakers, including
Dr. Raymond D. Lawrence, editorial
writer on the Oakland Tribune;
Richard A. Russell, San Francisco
advertising executive; and Professor
Chilton R. Bush, head of the Stan
ford Division of Journalism
TEACHERS ATTEND
Journalism instructors in high
schools in the same district will at
tend sessions of the Central Califor
nia Association of Journalism Ad
visers to be held in conjunction with
Entertainment for the delegates is
being handled by the Stanford chap
ters of Theta Sigma Phi and Sigma
Delta Chi, professional journalism
fraternities. Plans include luncheon
and supper to be served in the Union
dining room and a jolly-up in the
Nitrry in the evening, according to
Gene Dulin, president of Theta
Sigma Phi.
Three hundred high school news
paper and yearbook editors will
gather on the campus tomorrow for
the 16th annual meeting of the Cen
tral California Scholastic Press As-
The program will include talks on
newspaper and radio presentation of
news, advertising methods, and year
book production in addition to elec
lion o{ ofTicei s for the ensuing
CHIEF SPEAKER
"War News" i.s the topic to be dis
cussed by the chief speakers on the
program, Ben S. Allen of Palo Alto,
a former war correspondent, and
Clinton Jones, news editor of radio
The group, representing over 50
California high schools, will hear
several other speakers, including
Dr. Raymond D. Lawrence, editorial
writer on the Oakland Tribune;
Richard A. Russell, San Francisco
advertising executive; and Professor
Chilton R. Bush, head of the Stan
ford Division of Journalism
TEACHERS ATTEND
Journalism instructors in high
schools in the same district will at
tend sessions of the Central Califor
nia Association of Journalism Ad
visers to be held in conjunction with
Entertainment for the delegates is
being handled by the Stanford chap
ters of Theta Sigma Phi and Sigma
Delta Chi, professional journalism
fraternities. Plans include luncheon
and supper to be served in the Union
dining room and a jolly-up in the
Nitrry in the evening, according to
Gene Dulin, president of Theta
Sigma Phi.
Three hundred high school news
paper and yearbook editors will
gather on the campus tomorrow for
the 16th annual meeting of the Cen
tral California Scholastic Press As-
The program will include talks on
newspaper and radio presentation of
news, advertising methods, and year
book production in addition to elec
lion o{ ofTicei s for the ensuing
CHIEF SPEAKER
"War News" i.s the topic to be dis
cussed by the chief speakers on the
program, Ben S. Allen of Palo Alto,
a former war correspondent, and
Clinton Jones, news editor of radio
The group, representing over 50
California high schools, will hear
several other speakers, including
Dr. Raymond D. Lawrence, editorial
writer on the Oakland Tribune;
Richard A. Russell, San Francisco
advertising executive; and Professor
Chilton R. Bush, head of the Stan
ford Division of Journalism
TEACHERS ATTEND
Journalism instructors in high
schools in the same district will at
tend sessions of the Central Califor
nia Association of Journalism Ad
visers to be held in conjunction with
Entertainment for the delegates is
being handled by the Stanford chap
ters of Theta Sigma Phi and Sigma
Delta Chi, professional journalism
fraternities. Plans include luncheon
and supper to be served in the Union
dining room and a jolly-up in the
Nitrry in the evening, according to
Gene Dulin, president of Theta
Sigma Phi.
Three hundred high school news
paper and yearbook editors will
gather on the campus tomorrow for
the 16th annual meeting of the Cen
tral California Scholastic Press As-
The program will include talks on
newspaper and radio presentation of
news, advertising methods, and year
book production in addition to elec
lion o{ ofTicei s for the ensuing
CHIEF SPEAKER
"War News" i.s the topic to be dis
cussed by the chief speakers on the
program, Ben S. Allen of Palo Alto,
a former war correspondent, and
Clinton Jones, news editor of radio
The group, representing over 50
California high schools, will hear
several other speakers, including
Dr. Raymond D. Lawrence, editorial
writer on the Oakland Tribune;
Richard A. Russell, San Francisco
advertising executive; and Professor
Chilton R. Bush, head of the Stan
ford Division of Journalism
TEACHERS ATTEND
Journalism instructors in high
schools in the same district will at
tend sessions of the Central Califor
nia Association of Journalism Ad
visers to be held in conjunction with
Entertainment for the delegates is
being handled by the Stanford chap
ters of Theta Sigma Phi and Sigma
Delta Chi, professional journalism
fraternities. Plans include luncheon
and supper to be served in the Union
dining room and a jolly-up in the
Nitrry in the evening, according to
Gene Dulin, president of Theta
Sigma Phi.
Three hundred high school news
paper and yearbook editors will
gather on the campus tomorrow for
the 16th annual meeting of the Cen
tral California Scholastic Press As-
The program will include talks on
newspaper and radio presentation of
news, advertising methods, and year
book production in addition to elec
lion o{ ofTicei s for the ensuing
CHIEF SPEAKER
"War News" i.s the topic to be dis
cussed by the chief speakers on the
program, Ben S. Allen of Palo Alto,
a former war correspondent, and
Clinton Jones, news editor of radio
The group, representing over 50
California high schools, will hear
several other speakers, including
Dr. Raymond D. Lawrence, editorial
writer on the Oakland Tribune;
Richard A. Russell, San Francisco
advertising executive; and Professor
Chilton R. Bush, head of the Stan
ford Division of Journalism
TEACHERS ATTEND
Journalism instructors in high
schools in the same district will at
tend sessions of the Central Califor
nia Association of Journalism Ad
visers to be held in conjunction with
Entertainment for the delegates is
being handled by the Stanford chap
ters of Theta Sigma Phi and Sigma
Delta Chi, professional journalism
fraternities. Plans include luncheon
and supper to be served in the Union
dining room and a jolly-up in the
Nitrry in the evening, according to
Gene Dulin, president of Theta
Sigma Phi.
Three hundred high school news
paper and yearbook editors will
gather on the campus tomorrow for
the 16th annual meeting of the Cen
tral California Scholastic Press As-
The program will include talks on
newspaper and radio presentation of
news, advertising methods, and year
book production in addition to elec
lion o{ ofTicei s for the ensuing
CHIEF SPEAKER
"War News" i.s the topic to be dis
cussed by the chief speakers on the
program, Ben S. Allen of Palo Alto,
a former war correspondent, and
Clinton Jones, news editor of radio
The group, representing over 50
California high schools, will hear
several other speakers, including
Dr. Raymond D. Lawrence, editorial
writer on the Oakland Tribune;
Richard A. Russell, San Francisco
advertising executive; and Professor
Chilton R. Bush, head of the Stan
ford Division of Journalism
TEACHERS ATTEND
Journalism instructors in high
schools in the same district will at
tend sessions of the Central Califor
nia Association of Journalism Ad
visers to be held in conjunction with
Entertainment for the delegates is
being handled by the Stanford chap
ters of Theta Sigma Phi and Sigma
Delta Chi, professional journalism
fraternities. Plans include luncheon
and supper to be served in the Union
dining room and a jolly-up in the
Nitrry in the evening, according to
Gene Dulin, president of Theta
Sigma Phi.
Three hundred high school news
paper and yearbook editors will
gather on the campus tomorrow for
the 16th annual meeting of the Cen
tral California Scholastic Press As-
The program will include talks on
newspaper and radio presentation of
news, advertising methods, and year
book production in addition to elec
lion o{ ofTicei s for the ensuing
CHIEF SPEAKER
"War News" i.s the topic to be dis
cussed by the chief speakers on the
program, Ben S. Allen of Palo Alto,
a former war correspondent, and
Clinton Jones, news editor of radio
The group, representing over 50
California high schools, will hear
several other speakers, including
Dr. Raymond D. Lawrence, editorial
writer on the Oakland Tribune;
Richard A. Russell, San Francisco
advertising executive; and Professor
Chilton R. Bush, head of the Stan
ford Division of Journalism
TEACHERS ATTEND
Journalism instructors in high
schools in the same district will at
tend sessions of the Central Califor
nia Association of Journalism Ad
visers to be held in conjunction with
Entertainment for the delegates is
being handled by the Stanford chap
ters of Theta Sigma Phi and Sigma
Delta Chi, professional journalism
fraternities. Plans include luncheon
and supper to be served in the Union
dining room and a jolly-up in the
Nitrry in the evening, according to
Gene Dulin, president of Theta
Sigma Phi.
Three hundred high school news
paper and yearbook editors will
gather on the campus tomorrow for
the 16th annual meeting of the Cen
tral California Scholastic Press As-
The program will include talks on
newspaper and radio presentation of
news, advertising methods, and year
book production in addition to elec
lion o{ ofTicei s for the ensuing
CHIEF SPEAKER
"War News" i.s the topic to be dis
cussed by the chief speakers on the
program, Ben S. Allen of Palo Alto,
a former war correspondent, and
Clinton Jones, news editor of radio
The group, representing over 50
California high schools, will hear
several other speakers, including
Dr. Raymond D. Lawrence, editorial
writer on the Oakland Tribune;
Richard A. Russell, San Francisco
advertising executive; and Professor
Chilton R. Bush, head of the Stan
ford Division of Journalism
TEACHERS ATTEND
Journalism instructors in high
schools in the same district will at
tend sessions of the Central Califor
nia Association of Journalism Ad
visers to be held in conjunction with
Entertainment for the delegates is
being handled by the Stanford chap
ters of Theta Sigma Phi and Sigma
Delta Chi, professional journalism
fraternities. Plans include luncheon
and supper to be served in the Union
dining room and a jolly-up in the
Nitrry in the evening, according to
Gene Dulin, president of Theta
Sigma Phi.
Three hundred high school news
paper and yearbook editors will
gather on the campus tomorrow for
the 16th annual meeting of the Cen
tral California Scholastic Press As-
The program will include talks on
newspaper and radio presentation of
news, advertising methods, and year
book production in addition to elec
lion o{ ofTicei s for the ensuing
CHIEF SPEAKER
"War News" i.s the topic to be dis
cussed by the chief speakers on the
program, Ben S. Allen of Palo Alto,
a former war correspondent, and
Clinton Jones, news editor of radio
The group, representing over 50
California high schools, will hear
several other speakers, including
Dr. Raymond D. Lawrence, editorial
writer on the Oakland Tribune;
Richard A. Russell, San Francisco
advertising executive; and Professor
Chilton R. Bush, head of the Stan
ford Division of Journalism
TEACHERS ATTEND
Journalism instructors in high
schools in the same district will at
tend sessions of the Central Califor
nia Association of Journalism Ad
visers to be held in conjunction with
Entertainment for the delegates is
being handled by the Stanford chap
ters of Theta Sigma Phi and Sigma
Delta Chi, professional journalism
fraternities. Plans include luncheon
and supper to be served in the Union
dining room and a jolly-up in the
Nitrry in the evening, according to
Gene Dulin, president of Theta
Sigma Phi.
Three hundred high school news
paper and yearbook editors will
gather on the campus tomorrow for
the 16th annual meeting of the Cen
tral California Scholastic Press As-
The program will include talks on
newspaper and radio presentation of
news, advertising methods, and year
book production in addition to elec
lion o{ ofTicei s for the ensuing
CHIEF SPEAKER
"War News" i.s the topic to be dis
cussed by the chief speakers on the
program, Ben S. Allen of Palo Alto,
a former war correspondent, and
Clinton Jones, news editor of radio
The group, representing over 50
California high schools, will hear
several other speakers, including
Dr. Raymond D. Lawrence, editorial
writer on the Oakland Tribune;
Richard A. Russell, San Francisco
advertising executive; and Professor
Chilton R. Bush, head of the Stan
ford Division of Journalism
TEACHERS ATTEND
Journalism instructors in high
schools in the same district will at
tend sessions of the Central Califor
nia Association of Journalism Ad
visers to be held in conjunction with
Entertainment for the delegates is
being handled by the Stanford chap
ters of Theta Sigma Phi and Sigma
Delta Chi, professional journalism
fraternities. Plans include luncheon
and supper to be served in the Union
dining room and a jolly-up in the
Nitrry in the evening, according to
Gene Dulin, president of Theta
Sigma Phi.
Three hundred high school news
paper and yearbook editors will
gather on the campus tomorrow for
the 16th annual meeting of the Cen
tral California Scholastic Press As-
The program will include talks on
newspaper and radio presentation of
news, advertising methods, and year
book production in addition to elec
lion o{ ofTicei s for the ensuing
CHIEF SPEAKER
"War News" i.s the topic to be dis
cussed by the chief speakers on the
program, Ben S. Allen of Palo Alto,
a former war correspondent, and
Clinton Jones, news editor of radio
The group, representing over 50
California high schools, will hear
several other speakers, including
Dr. Raymond D. Lawrence, editorial
writer on the Oakland Tribune;
Richard A. Russell, San Francisco
advertising executive; and Professor
Chilton R. Bush, head of the Stan
ford Division of Journalism
TEACHERS ATTEND
Journalism instructors in high
schools in the same district will at
tend sessions of the Central Califor
nia Association of Journalism Ad
visers to be held in conjunction with
Entertainment for the delegates is
being handled by the Stanford chap
ters of Theta Sigma Phi and Sigma
Delta Chi, professional journalism
fraternities. Plans include luncheon
and supper to be served in the Union
dining room and a jolly-up in the
Nitrry in the evening, according to
Gene Dulin, president of Theta
Sigma Phi.
Three hundred high school news
paper and yearbook editors will
gather on the campus tomorrow for
the 16th annual meeting of the Cen
tral California Scholastic Press As-
The program will include talks on
newspaper and radio presentation of
news, advertising methods, and year
book production in addition to elec
lion o{ ofTicei s for the ensuing
CHIEF SPEAKER
"War News" i.s the topic to be dis
cussed by the chief speakers on the
program, Ben S. Allen of Palo Alto,
a former war correspondent, and
Clinton Jones, news editor of radio
The group, representing over 50
California high schools, will hear
several other speakers, including
Dr. Raymond D. Lawrence, editorial
writer on the Oakland Tribune;
Richard A. Russell, San Francisco
advertising executive; and Professor
Chilton R. Bush, head of the Stan
ford Division of Journalism
TEACHERS ATTEND
Journalism instructors in high
schools in the same district will at
tend sessions of the Central Califor
nia Association of Journalism Ad
visers to be held in conjunction with
Entertainment for the delegates is
being handled by the Stanford chap
ters of Theta Sigma Phi and Sigma
Delta Chi, professional journalism
fraternities. Plans include luncheon
and supper to be served in the Union
dining room and a jolly-up in the
Nitrry in the evening, according to
Gene Dulin, president of Theta
Sigma Phi.
Three hundred high school news
paper and yearbook editors will
gather on the campus tomorrow for
the 16th annual meeting of the Cen
tral California Scholastic Press As-
The program will include talks on
newspaper and radio presentation of
news, advertising methods, and year
book production in addition to elec
lion o{ ofTicei s for the ensuing
CHIEF SPEAKER
"War News" i.s the topic to be dis
cussed by the chief speakers on the
program, Ben S. Allen of Palo Alto,
a former war correspondent, and
Clinton Jones, news editor of radio
The group, representing over 50
California high schools, will hear
several other speakers, including
Dr. Raymond D. Lawrence, editorial
writer on the Oakland Tribune;
Richard A. Russell, San Francisco
advertising executive; and Professor
Chilton R. Bush, head of the Stan
ford Division of Journalism
TEACHERS ATTEND
Journalism instructors in high
schools in the same district will at
tend sessions of the Central Califor
nia Association of Journalism Ad
visers to be held in conjunction with
Entertainment for the delegates is
being handled by the Stanford chap
ters of Theta Sigma Phi and Sigma
Delta Chi, professional journalism
fraternities. Plans include luncheon
and supper to be served in the Union
dining room and a jolly-up in the
Nitrry in the evening, according to
Gene Dulin, president of Theta
Sigma Phi.
Three hundred high school news
paper and yearbook editors will
gather on the campus tomorrow for
the 16th annual meeting of the Cen
tral California Scholastic Press As-
The program will include talks on
newspaper and radio presentation of
news, advertising methods, and year
book production in addition to elec
lion o{ ofTicei s for the ensuing
CHIEF SPEAKER
"War News" i.s the topic to be dis
cussed by the chief speakers on the
program, Ben S. Allen of Palo Alto,
a former war correspondent, and
Clinton Jones, news editor of radio
The group, representing over 50
California high schools, will hear
several other speakers, including
Dr. Raymond D. Lawrence, editorial
writer on the Oakland Tribune;
Richard A. Russell, San Francisco
advertising executive; and Professor
Chilton R. Bush, head of the Stan
ford Division of Journalism
TEACHERS ATTEND
Journalism instructors in high
schools in the same district will at
tend sessions of the Central Califor
nia Association of Journalism Ad
visers to be held in conjunction with
Entertainment for the delegates is
being handled by the Stanford chap
ters of Theta Sigma Phi and Sigma
Delta Chi, professional journalism
fraternities. Plans include luncheon
and supper to be served in the Union
dining room and a jolly-up in the
Nitrry in the evening, according to
Gene Dulin, president of Theta
Sigma Phi.
Three hundred high school news
paper and yearbook editors will
gather on the campus tomorrow for
the 16th annual meeting of the Cen
tral California Scholastic Press As-
The program will include talks on
newspaper and radio presentation of
news, advertising methods, and year
book production in addition to elec
lion o{ ofTicei s for the ensuing
CHIEF SPEAKER
"War News" i.s the topic to be dis
cussed by the chief speakers on the
program, Ben S. Allen of Palo Alto,
a former war correspondent, and
Clinton Jones, news editor of radio
The group, representing over 50
California high schools, will hear
several other speakers, including
Dr. Raymond D. Lawrence, editorial
writer on the Oakland Tribune;
Richard A. Russell, San Francisco
advertising executive; and Professor
Chilton R. Bush, head of the Stan
ford Division of Journalism
TEACHERS ATTEND
Journalism instructors in high
schools in the same district will at
tend sessions of the Central Califor
nia Association of Journalism Ad
visers to be held in conjunction with
Entertainment for the delegates is
being handled by the Stanford chap
ters of Theta Sigma Phi and Sigma
Delta Chi, professional journalism
fraternities. Plans include luncheon
and supper to be served in the Union
dining room and a jolly-up in the
Nitrry in the evening, according to
Gene Dulin, president of Theta
Sigma Phi.
Three hundred high school news
paper and yearbook editors will
gather on the campus tomorrow for
the 16th annual meeting of the Cen
tral California Scholastic Press As-
The program will include talks on
newspaper and radio presentation of
news, advertising methods, and year
book production in addition to elec
lion o{ ofTicei s for the ensuing
CHIEF SPEAKER
"War News" i.s the topic to be dis
cussed by the chief speakers on the
program, Ben S. Allen of Palo Alto,
a former war correspondent, and
Clinton Jones, news editor of radio
The group, representing over 50
California high schools, will hear
several other speakers, including
Dr. Raymond D. Lawrence, editorial
writer on the Oakland Tribune;
Richard A. Russell, San Francisco
advertising executive; and Professor
Chilton R. Bush, head of the Stan
ford Division of Journalism
TEACHERS ATTEND
Journalism instructors in high
schools in the same district will at
tend sessions of the Central Califor
nia Association of Journalism Ad
visers to be held in conjunction with
Entertainment for the delegates is
being handled by the Stanford chap
ters of Theta Sigma Phi and Sigma
Delta Chi, professional journalism
fraternities. Plans include luncheon
and supper to be served in the Union
dining room and a jolly-up in the
Nitrry in the evening, according to
Gene Dulin, president of Theta
Sigma Phi.
