# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Following the winter quarter in
11)12, only 59 students were gradu
ated from Stanford.
Following the winter quarter in
11)12, only 59 students were gradu
ated from Stanford.
Following the winter quarter in
11)12, only 59 students were gradu
ated from Stanford.
Following the winter quarter in
11)12, only 59 students were gradu
ated from Stanford.
Following the winter quarter in
11)12, only 59 students were gradu
ated from Stanford.
Following the winter quarter in
11)12, only 59 students were gradu
ated from Stanford.
Following the winter quarter in
11)12, only 59 students were gradu
ated from Stanford.
Following the winter quarter in
11)12, only 59 students were gradu
ated from Stanford.
Following the winter quarter in
11)12, only 59 students were gradu
ated from Stanford.
Following the winter quarter in
11)12, only 59 students were gradu
ated from Stanford.
Following the winter quarter in
11)12, only 59 students were gradu
ated from Stanford.
Following the winter quarter in
11)12, only 59 students were gradu
ated from Stanford.
Following the winter quarter in
11)12, only 59 students were gradu
ated from Stanford.
Following the winter quarter in
11)12, only 59 students were gradu
ated from Stanford.
Following the winter quarter in
11)12, only 59 students were gradu
ated from Stanford.
