# No Local Swimming Contests Saturday
## 
### 
On account of Thursday being a
holiday, the varsity-freshmen swim
ming meet, scheduled for this week,
will again have to be postponed. It
will be held during the early part of
next week.
On account of Thursday being a
holiday, the varsity-freshmen swim
ming meet, scheduled for this week,
will again have to be postponed. It
will be held during the early part of
next week.
On account of Thursday being a
holiday, the varsity-freshmen swim
ming meet, scheduled for this week,
will again have to be postponed. It
will be held during the early part of
next week.
On account of Thursday being a
holiday, the varsity-freshmen swim
ming meet, scheduled for this week,
will again have to be postponed. It
will be held during the early part of
next week.
On account of Thursday being a
holiday, the varsity-freshmen swim
ming meet, scheduled for this week,
will again have to be postponed. It
will be held during the early part of
next week.
On account of Thursday being a
holiday, the varsity-freshmen swim
ming meet, scheduled for this week,
will again have to be postponed. It
will be held during the early part of
next week.
On account of Thursday being a
holiday, the varsity-freshmen swim
ming meet, scheduled for this week,
will again have to be postponed. It
will be held during the early part of
next week.
On account of Thursday being a
holiday, the varsity-freshmen swim
ming meet, scheduled for this week,
will again have to be postponed. It
will be held during the early part of
next week.
On account of Thursday being a
holiday, the varsity-freshmen swim
ming meet, scheduled for this week,
will again have to be postponed. It
will be held during the early part of
next week.
On account of Thursday being a
holiday, the varsity-freshmen swim
ming meet, scheduled for this week,
will again have to be postponed. It
will be held during the early part of
next week.
On account of Thursday being a
holiday, the varsity-freshmen swim
ming meet, scheduled for this week,
will again have to be postponed. It
will be held during the early part of
next week.
On account of Thursday being a
holiday, the varsity-freshmen swim
ming meet, scheduled for this week,
will again have to be postponed. It
will be held during the early part of
next week.
On account of Thursday being a
holiday, the varsity-freshmen swim
ming meet, scheduled for this week,
will again have to be postponed. It
will be held during the early part of
next week.
On account of Thursday being a
holiday, the varsity-freshmen swim
ming meet, scheduled for this week,
will again have to be postponed. It
will be held during the early part of
next week.
