# SPECIAL NOTICES
## 
### 
Lost, Tuesday—Small pink cameo
pin. Finder please return to Delta
Gamma House.
Lost, Tuesday—Small pink cameo
pin. Finder please return to Delta
Gamma House.
Lost, Tuesday—Small pink cameo
pin. Finder please return to Delta
Gamma House.
Lost, Tuesday—Small pink cameo
pin. Finder please return to Delta
Gamma House.
Lost, Tuesday—Small pink cameo
pin. Finder please return to Delta
Gamma House.
Lost, Tuesday—Small pink cameo
pin. Finder please return to Delta
Gamma House.
Lost, Tuesday—Small pink cameo
pin. Finder please return to Delta
Gamma House.
Lost, Tuesday—Small pink cameo
pin. Finder please return to Delta
Gamma House.
Lost, Tuesday—Small pink cameo
pin. Finder please return to Delta
Gamma House.
Lost, Tuesday—Small pink cameo
pin. Finder please return to Delta
Gamma House.
Lost, Tuesday—Small pink cameo
pin. Finder please return to Delta
Gamma House.
Lost, Tuesday—Small pink cameo
pin. Finder please return to Delta
Gamma House.
Lost, Tuesday—Small pink cameo
pin. Finder please return to Delta
Gamma House.
Lost, Tuesday—Small pink cameo
pin. Finder please return to Delta
Gamma House.
