# "A Visit to Stanford University."
## 
### 
The second edition of "A Visit to
Stanford University," by Mary
Stewart Quelle, has been printed at
the University I'ress and is now on
sale at the bookstores at one dollar
a copy. Eighty-five pages of read
ing matter descriptive of the univer
sity—its origin, founders, growth,
and prospects —printed on heavy
cream-colored paper, amply illus
trated by half-tones of build
ings and landscape, make up the
contents of the book. In style the
guide is simple and direct, and is
designed to assist tourists in seeing
the university and to furnish them
with desired information. At the
end is a short tribute to the mem
ory of Mrs. Stanford. The cover
design, a drawing of the university
gateway, by Miss M. A. Rose, '05,
from a photo by Crandall, is print
ed in colors.
The second edition of "A Visit to
Stanford University," by Mary
Stewart Quelle, has been printed at
the University I'ress and is now on
sale at the bookstores at one dollar
a copy. Eighty-five pages of read
ing matter descriptive of the univer
sity—its origin, founders, growth,
and prospects —printed on heavy
cream-colored paper, amply illus
trated by half-tones of build
ings and landscape, make up the
contents of the book. In style the
guide is simple and direct, and is
designed to assist tourists in seeing
the university and to furnish them
with desired information. At the
end is a short tribute to the mem
ory of Mrs. Stanford. The cover
design, a drawing of the university
gateway, by Miss M. A. Rose, '05,
from a photo by Crandall, is print
ed in colors.
The second edition of "A Visit to
Stanford University," by Mary
Stewart Quelle, has been printed at
the University I'ress and is now on
sale at the bookstores at one dollar
a copy. Eighty-five pages of read
ing matter descriptive of the univer
sity—its origin, founders, growth,
and prospects —printed on heavy
cream-colored paper, amply illus
trated by half-tones of build
ings and landscape, make up the
contents of the book. In style the
guide is simple and direct, and is
designed to assist tourists in seeing
the university and to furnish them
with desired information. At the
end is a short tribute to the mem
ory of Mrs. Stanford. The cover
design, a drawing of the university
gateway, by Miss M. A. Rose, '05,
from a photo by Crandall, is print
ed in colors.
The second edition of "A Visit to
Stanford University," by Mary
Stewart Quelle, has been printed at
the University I'ress and is now on
sale at the bookstores at one dollar
a copy. Eighty-five pages of read
ing matter descriptive of the univer
sity—its origin, founders, growth,
and prospects —printed on heavy
cream-colored paper, amply illus
trated by half-tones of build
ings and landscape, make up the
contents of the book. In style the
guide is simple and direct, and is
designed to assist tourists in seeing
the university and to furnish them
with desired information. At the
end is a short tribute to the mem
ory of Mrs. Stanford. The cover
design, a drawing of the university
gateway, by Miss M. A. Rose, '05,
from a photo by Crandall, is print
ed in colors.
The second edition of "A Visit to
Stanford University," by Mary
Stewart Quelle, has been printed at
the University I'ress and is now on
sale at the bookstores at one dollar
a copy. Eighty-five pages of read
ing matter descriptive of the univer
sity—its origin, founders, growth,
and prospects —printed on heavy
cream-colored paper, amply illus
trated by half-tones of build
ings and landscape, make up the
contents of the book. In style the
guide is simple and direct, and is
designed to assist tourists in seeing
the university and to furnish them
with desired information. At the
end is a short tribute to the mem
ory of Mrs. Stanford. The cover
design, a drawing of the university
gateway, by Miss M. A. Rose, '05,
from a photo by Crandall, is print
ed in colors.
The second edition of "A Visit to
Stanford University," by Mary
Stewart Quelle, has been printed at
the University I'ress and is now on
sale at the bookstores at one dollar
a copy. Eighty-five pages of read
ing matter descriptive of the univer
sity—its origin, founders, growth,
and prospects —printed on heavy
cream-colored paper, amply illus
trated by half-tones of build
ings and landscape, make up the
contents of the book. In style the
guide is simple and direct, and is
designed to assist tourists in seeing
the university and to furnish them
with desired information. At the
end is a short tribute to the mem
ory of Mrs. Stanford. The cover
design, a drawing of the university
gateway, by Miss M. A. Rose, '05,
from a photo by Crandall, is print
ed in colors.
The second edition of "A Visit to
Stanford University," by Mary
Stewart Quelle, has been printed at
the University I'ress and is now on
sale at the bookstores at one dollar
a copy. Eighty-five pages of read
ing matter descriptive of the univer
sity—its origin, founders, growth,
and prospects —printed on heavy
cream-colored paper, amply illus
trated by half-tones of build
ings and landscape, make up the
contents of the book. In style the
guide is simple and direct, and is
designed to assist tourists in seeing
the university and to furnish them
with desired information. At the
end is a short tribute to the mem
ory of Mrs. Stanford. The cover
design, a drawing of the university
gateway, by Miss M. A. Rose, '05,
from a photo by Crandall, is print
ed in colors.
The second edition of "A Visit to
Stanford University," by Mary
Stewart Quelle, has been printed at
the University I'ress and is now on
sale at the bookstores at one dollar
a copy. Eighty-five pages of read
ing matter descriptive of the univer
sity—its origin, founders, growth,
and prospects —printed on heavy
cream-colored paper, amply illus
trated by half-tones of build
ings and landscape, make up the
contents of the book. In style the
guide is simple and direct, and is
designed to assist tourists in seeing
the university and to furnish them
with desired information. At the
end is a short tribute to the mem
ory of Mrs. Stanford. The cover
design, a drawing of the university
gateway, by Miss M. A. Rose, '05,
from a photo by Crandall, is print
ed in colors.
