# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The students in some of the
language classes are often inter
rupted in the middle of a sentence
and a better word substituted for
one given. When one's mind is
centered on the work of turning a
foreign language into English, an
interruption of this kind usually
confuses the student. A smooth
translation might be given by the
instructor as soon as the student
has finished and the words for
which a, better rendering could be
given might then be pointed out to
greater advantage and less confus
ion.
The students in some of the
language classes are often inter
rupted in the middle of a sentence
and a better word substituted for
one given. When one's mind is
centered on the work of turning a
foreign language into English, an
interruption of this kind usually
confuses the student. A smooth
translation might be given by the
instructor as soon as the student
has finished and the words for
which a, better rendering could be
given might then be pointed out to
greater advantage and less confus
ion.
The students in some of the
language classes are often inter
rupted in the middle of a sentence
and a better word substituted for
one given. When one's mind is
centered on the work of turning a
foreign language into English, an
interruption of this kind usually
confuses the student. A smooth
translation might be given by the
instructor as soon as the student
has finished and the words for
which a, better rendering could be
given might then be pointed out to
greater advantage and less confus
ion.
The students in some of the
language classes are often inter
rupted in the middle of a sentence
and a better word substituted for
one given. When one's mind is
centered on the work of turning a
foreign language into English, an
interruption of this kind usually
confuses the student. A smooth
translation might be given by the
instructor as soon as the student
has finished and the words for
which a, better rendering could be
given might then be pointed out to
greater advantage and less confus
ion.
The students in some of the
language classes are often inter
rupted in the middle of a sentence
and a better word substituted for
one given. When one's mind is
centered on the work of turning a
foreign language into English, an
interruption of this kind usually
confuses the student. A smooth
translation might be given by the
instructor as soon as the student
has finished and the words for
which a, better rendering could be
given might then be pointed out to
greater advantage and less confus
ion.
