# Deedle fun
## 
### 
A runner takes off with a "stolen" pizza in the Deedle Dash at Saturday's Sunfest, a Club Big Way
sponsored charity-benefit party at Lake Lagunita. Featured was a race to see who could take the most
pizzas from a truck before being caught by the "police." Also scheduled were the First Annual
Hawaiian Tropic Memorial Tanning Competition and the Nancy Reagan Swimsuit contest.


Lisa Romerein/Dail
A runner takes off with a "stolen" pizza in the Deedle Dash at Saturday's Sunfest, a Club Big Way
sponsored charity-benefit party at Lake Lagunita. Featured was a race to see who could take the most
pizzas from a truck before being caught by the "police." Also scheduled were the First Annual
Hawaiian Tropic Memorial Tanning Competition and the Nancy Reagan Swimsuit contest.


Lisa Romerein/Dail
A runner takes off with a "stolen" pizza in the Deedle Dash at Saturday's Sunfest, a Club Big Way
sponsored charity-benefit party at Lake Lagunita. Featured was a race to see who could take the most
pizzas from a truck before being caught by the "police." Also scheduled were the First Annual
Hawaiian Tropic Memorial Tanning Competition and the Nancy Reagan Swimsuit contest.


Lisa Romerein/Dail
A runner takes off with a "stolen" pizza in the Deedle Dash at Saturday's Sunfest, a Club Big Way
sponsored charity-benefit party at Lake Lagunita. Featured was a race to see who could take the most
pizzas from a truck before being caught by the "police." Also scheduled were the First Annual
Hawaiian Tropic Memorial Tanning Competition and the Nancy Reagan Swimsuit contest.


Lisa Romerein/Dail
A runner takes off with a "stolen" pizza in the Deedle Dash at Saturday's Sunfest, a Club Big Way
sponsored charity-benefit party at Lake Lagunita. Featured was a race to see who could take the most
pizzas from a truck before being caught by the "police." Also scheduled were the First Annual
Hawaiian Tropic Memorial Tanning Competition and the Nancy Reagan Swimsuit contest.


Lisa Romerein/Dail
A runner takes off with a "stolen" pizza in the Deedle Dash at Saturday's Sunfest, a Club Big Way
sponsored charity-benefit party at Lake Lagunita. Featured was a race to see who could take the most
pizzas from a truck before being caught by the "police." Also scheduled were the First Annual
Hawaiian Tropic Memorial Tanning Competition and the Nancy Reagan Swimsuit contest.


Lisa Romerein/Dail
A runner takes off with a "stolen" pizza in the Deedle Dash at Saturday's Sunfest, a Club Big Way
sponsored charity-benefit party at Lake Lagunita. Featured was a race to see who could take the most
pizzas from a truck before being caught by the "police." Also scheduled were the First Annual
Hawaiian Tropic Memorial Tanning Competition and the Nancy Reagan Swimsuit contest.


Lisa Romerein/Dail
