# Bawlout Proofs Posted Friday On Ad Building
## 
### 
Buvvlout proofs will he posted
in front of the Administration
Building all day Friday, Octo
ber 9. The ottice of the Regis
trar requests that all correc
tions will he reported at the In
formation Desk in the Ad
Building during that same day.
Buvvlout proofs will he posted
in front of the Administration
Building all day Friday, Octo
ber 9. The ottice of the Regis
trar requests that all correc
tions will he reported at the In
formation Desk in the Ad
Building during that same day.
Buvvlout proofs will he posted
in front of the Administration
Building all day Friday, Octo
ber 9. The ottice of the Regis
trar requests that all correc
tions will he reported at the In
formation Desk in the Ad
Building during that same day.
Buvvlout proofs will he posted
in front of the Administration
Building all day Friday, Octo
ber 9. The ottice of the Regis
trar requests that all correc
tions will he reported at the In
formation Desk in the Ad
Building during that same day.
Buvvlout proofs will he posted
in front of the Administration
Building all day Friday, Octo
ber 9. The ottice of the Regis
trar requests that all correc
tions will he reported at the In
formation Desk in the Ad
Building during that same day.
Buvvlout proofs will he posted
in front of the Administration
Building all day Friday, Octo
ber 9. The ottice of the Regis
trar requests that all correc
tions will he reported at the In
formation Desk in the Ad
Building during that same day.
Buvvlout proofs will he posted
in front of the Administration
Building all day Friday, Octo
ber 9. The ottice of the Regis
trar requests that all correc
tions will he reported at the In
formation Desk in the Ad
Building during that same day.
Buvvlout proofs will he posted
in front of the Administration
Building all day Friday, Octo
ber 9. The ottice of the Regis
trar requests that all correc
tions will he reported at the In
formation Desk in the Ad
Building during that same day.
Buvvlout proofs will he posted
in front of the Administration
Building all day Friday, Octo
ber 9. The ottice of the Regis
trar requests that all correc
tions will he reported at the In
formation Desk in the Ad
Building during that same day.
Buvvlout proofs will he posted
in front of the Administration
Building all day Friday, Octo
ber 9. The ottice of the Regis
trar requests that all correc
tions will he reported at the In
formation Desk in the Ad
Building during that same day.
Buvvlout proofs will he posted
in front of the Administration
Building all day Friday, Octo
ber 9. The ottice of the Regis
trar requests that all correc
tions will he reported at the In
formation Desk in the Ad
Building during that same day.
Buvvlout proofs will he posted
in front of the Administration
Building all day Friday, Octo
ber 9. The ottice of the Regis
trar requests that all correc
tions will he reported at the In
formation Desk in the Ad
Building during that same day.
Buvvlout proofs will he posted
in front of the Administration
Building all day Friday, Octo
ber 9. The ottice of the Regis
trar requests that all correc
tions will he reported at the In
formation Desk in the Ad
Building during that same day.
Buvvlout proofs will he posted
in front of the Administration
Building all day Friday, Octo
ber 9. The ottice of the Regis
trar requests that all correc
tions will he reported at the In
formation Desk in the Ad
Building during that same day.
Buvvlout proofs will he posted
in front of the Administration
Building all day Friday, Octo
ber 9. The ottice of the Regis
trar requests that all correc
tions will he reported at the In
formation Desk in the Ad
Building during that same day.
Buvvlout proofs will he posted
in front of the Administration
Building all day Friday, Octo
ber 9. The ottice of the Regis
trar requests that all correc
tions will he reported at the In
formation Desk in the Ad
Building during that same day.
