# Student Union Begins Blasting
## To Lambast R.O.T.C. At Tonight's Meeting 
### 
Stanford's self-styled anti-war,
anti-Hearst, progressive bloc com
posing the Farm chapter of the
American Student Union will open
fire for the year at 7:30 o'clock to
night with an organization meeting
in the Women's Clubhouse.
One of the first targets of the
A.S.U. will be the Reserve Officers'
Training Corps, which, the Union's
spokesmen allege, is a "fascistic in
strument whose primary purpose
seems to be the smashing of the
labor movement."
"The main business of the A.S.U.
today," declares Richard Criley,
former Stanford-California student
and present state organizational sec
retary for the A.S.U., who will ad
dress the local group tonight, "is to
rid the campus of militarism and re
action which use as their stronghold
the R.O.T.C. Compulsory military
training must be abolished and all
such attempts to set up new units as
experienced by the students at San
Jose State College last year, com
pletely frustrated."
Criley claims to have discovered
military training courses in the art
of strike-breaking being taught on
the University of California campus.
Stanford's self-styled anti-war,
anti-Hearst, progressive bloc com
posing the Farm chapter of the
American Student Union will open
fire for the year at 7:30 o'clock to
night with an organization meeting
in the Women's Clubhouse.
One of the first targets of the
A.S.U. will be the Reserve Officers'
Training Corps, which, the Union's
spokesmen allege, is a "fascistic in
strument whose primary purpose
seems to be the smashing of the
labor movement."
"The main business of the A.S.U.
today," declares Richard Criley,
former Stanford-California student
and present state organizational sec
retary for the A.S.U., who will ad
dress the local group tonight, "is to
rid the campus of militarism and re
action which use as their stronghold
the R.O.T.C. Compulsory military
training must be abolished and all
such attempts to set up new units as
experienced by the students at San
Jose State College last year, com
pletely frustrated."
Criley claims to have discovered
military training courses in the art
of strike-breaking being taught on
the University of California campus.
Stanford's self-styled anti-war,
anti-Hearst, progressive bloc com
posing the Farm chapter of the
American Student Union will open
fire for the year at 7:30 o'clock to
night with an organization meeting
in the Women's Clubhouse.
One of the first targets of the
A.S.U. will be the Reserve Officers'
Training Corps, which, the Union's
spokesmen allege, is a "fascistic in
strument whose primary purpose
seems to be the smashing of the
labor movement."
"The main business of the A.S.U.
today," declares Richard Criley,
former Stanford-California student
and present state organizational sec
retary for the A.S.U., who will ad
dress the local group tonight, "is to
rid the campus of militarism and re
action which use as their stronghold
the R.O.T.C. Compulsory military
training must be abolished and all
such attempts to set up new units as
experienced by the students at San
Jose State College last year, com
pletely frustrated."
Criley claims to have discovered
military training courses in the art
of strike-breaking being taught on
the University of California campus.
Stanford's self-styled anti-war,
anti-Hearst, progressive bloc com
posing the Farm chapter of the
American Student Union will open
fire for the year at 7:30 o'clock to
night with an organization meeting
in the Women's Clubhouse.
One of the first targets of the
A.S.U. will be the Reserve Officers'
Training Corps, which, the Union's
spokesmen allege, is a "fascistic in
strument whose primary purpose
seems to be the smashing of the
labor movement."
"The main business of the A.S.U.
today," declares Richard Criley,
former Stanford-California student
and present state organizational sec
retary for the A.S.U., who will ad
dress the local group tonight, "is to
rid the campus of militarism and re
action which use as their stronghold
the R.O.T.C. Compulsory military
training must be abolished and all
such attempts to set up new units as
experienced by the students at San
Jose State College last year, com
pletely frustrated."
Criley claims to have discovered
military training courses in the art
of strike-breaking being taught on
the University of California campus.
Stanford's self-styled anti-war,
anti-Hearst, progressive bloc com
posing the Farm chapter of the
American Student Union will open
fire for the year at 7:30 o'clock to
night with an organization meeting
in the Women's Clubhouse.
One of the first targets of the
A.S.U. will be the Reserve Officers'
Training Corps, which, the Union's
spokesmen allege, is a "fascistic in
strument whose primary purpose
seems to be the smashing of the
labor movement."
"The main business of the A.S.U.
today," declares Richard Criley,
former Stanford-California student
and present state organizational sec
retary for the A.S.U., who will ad
dress the local group tonight, "is to
rid the campus of militarism and re
action which use as their stronghold
the R.O.T.C. Compulsory military
training must be abolished and all
such attempts to set up new units as
experienced by the students at San
Jose State College last year, com
pletely frustrated."
Criley claims to have discovered
military training courses in the art
of strike-breaking being taught on
the University of California campus.
Stanford's self-styled anti-war,
anti-Hearst, progressive bloc com
posing the Farm chapter of the
American Student Union will open
fire for the year at 7:30 o'clock to
night with an organization meeting
in the Women's Clubhouse.
One of the first targets of the
A.S.U. will be the Reserve Officers'
Training Corps, which, the Union's
spokesmen allege, is a "fascistic in
strument whose primary purpose
seems to be the smashing of the
labor movement."
"The main business of the A.S.U.
today," declares Richard Criley,
former Stanford-California student
and present state organizational sec
retary for the A.S.U., who will ad
dress the local group tonight, "is to
rid the campus of militarism and re
action which use as their stronghold
the R.O.T.C. Compulsory military
training must be abolished and all
such attempts to set up new units as
experienced by the students at San
Jose State College last year, com
pletely frustrated."
Criley claims to have discovered
military training courses in the art
of strike-breaking being taught on
the University of California campus.
Stanford's self-styled anti-war,
anti-Hearst, progressive bloc com
posing the Farm chapter of the
American Student Union will open
fire for the year at 7:30 o'clock to
night with an organization meeting
in the Women's Clubhouse.
One of the first targets of the
A.S.U. will be the Reserve Officers'
Training Corps, which, the Union's
spokesmen allege, is a "fascistic in
strument whose primary purpose
seems to be the smashing of the
labor movement."
"The main business of the A.S.U.
today," declares Richard Criley,
former Stanford-California student
and present state organizational sec
retary for the A.S.U., who will ad
dress the local group tonight, "is to
rid the campus of militarism and re
action which use as their stronghold
the R.O.T.C. Compulsory military
training must be abolished and all
such attempts to set up new units as
experienced by the students at San
Jose State College last year, com
pletely frustrated."
Criley claims to have discovered
military training courses in the art
of strike-breaking being taught on
the University of California campus.
Stanford's self-styled anti-war,
anti-Hearst, progressive bloc com
posing the Farm chapter of the
American Student Union will open
fire for the year at 7:30 o'clock to
night with an organization meeting
in the Women's Clubhouse.
One of the first targets of the
A.S.U. will be the Reserve Officers'
Training Corps, which, the Union's
spokesmen allege, is a "fascistic in
strument whose primary purpose
seems to be the smashing of the
labor movement."
"The main business of the A.S.U.
today," declares Richard Criley,
former Stanford-California student
and present state organizational sec
retary for the A.S.U., who will ad
dress the local group tonight, "is to
rid the campus of militarism and re
action which use as their stronghold
the R.O.T.C. Compulsory military
training must be abolished and all
such attempts to set up new units as
experienced by the students at San
Jose State College last year, com
pletely frustrated."
Criley claims to have discovered
military training courses in the art
of strike-breaking being taught on
the University of California campus.
Stanford's self-styled anti-war,
anti-Hearst, progressive bloc com
posing the Farm chapter of the
American Student Union will open
fire for the year at 7:30 o'clock to
night with an organization meeting
in the Women's Clubhouse.
One of the first targets of the
A.S.U. will be the Reserve Officers'
Training Corps, which, the Union's
spokesmen allege, is a "fascistic in
strument whose primary purpose
seems to be the smashing of the
labor movement."
"The main business of the A.S.U.
today," declares Richard Criley,
former Stanford-California student
and present state organizational sec
retary for the A.S.U., who will ad
dress the local group tonight, "is to
rid the campus of militarism and re
action which use as their stronghold
the R.O.T.C. Compulsory military
training must be abolished and all
such attempts to set up new units as
experienced by the students at San
Jose State College last year, com
pletely frustrated."
Criley claims to have discovered
military training courses in the art
of strike-breaking being taught on
the University of California campus.
Stanford's self-styled anti-war,
anti-Hearst, progressive bloc com
posing the Farm chapter of the
American Student Union will open
fire for the year at 7:30 o'clock to
night with an organization meeting
in the Women's Clubhouse.
One of the first targets of the
A.S.U. will be the Reserve Officers'
Training Corps, which, the Union's
spokesmen allege, is a "fascistic in
strument whose primary purpose
seems to be the smashing of the
labor movement."
"The main business of the A.S.U.
today," declares Richard Criley,
former Stanford-California student
and present state organizational sec
retary for the A.S.U., who will ad
dress the local group tonight, "is to
rid the campus of militarism and re
action which use as their stronghold
the R.O.T.C. Compulsory military
training must be abolished and all
such attempts to set up new units as
experienced by the students at San
Jose State College last year, com
pletely frustrated."
Criley claims to have discovered
military training courses in the art
of strike-breaking being taught on
the University of California campus.
Stanford's self-styled anti-war,
anti-Hearst, progressive bloc com
posing the Farm chapter of the
American Student Union will open
fire for the year at 7:30 o'clock to
night with an organization meeting
in the Women's Clubhouse.
One of the first targets of the
A.S.U. will be the Reserve Officers'
Training Corps, which, the Union's
spokesmen allege, is a "fascistic in
strument whose primary purpose
seems to be the smashing of the
labor movement."
"The main business of the A.S.U.
today," declares Richard Criley,
former Stanford-California student
and present state organizational sec
retary for the A.S.U., who will ad
dress the local group tonight, "is to
rid the campus of militarism and re
action which use as their stronghold
the R.O.T.C. Compulsory military
training must be abolished and all
such attempts to set up new units as
experienced by the students at San
Jose State College last year, com
pletely frustrated."
Criley claims to have discovered
military training courses in the art
of strike-breaking being taught on
the University of California campus.
Stanford's self-styled anti-war,
anti-Hearst, progressive bloc com
posing the Farm chapter of the
American Student Union will open
fire for the year at 7:30 o'clock to
night with an organization meeting
in the Women's Clubhouse.
One of the first targets of the
A.S.U. will be the Reserve Officers'
Training Corps, which, the Union's
spokesmen allege, is a "fascistic in
strument whose primary purpose
seems to be the smashing of the
labor movement."
"The main business of the A.S.U.
today," declares Richard Criley,
former Stanford-California student
and present state organizational sec
retary for the A.S.U., who will ad
dress the local group tonight, "is to
rid the campus of militarism and re
action which use as their stronghold
the R.O.T.C. Compulsory military
training must be abolished and all
such attempts to set up new units as
experienced by the students at San
Jose State College last year, com
pletely frustrated."
Criley claims to have discovered
military training courses in the art
of strike-breaking being taught on
the University of California campus.
Stanford's self-styled anti-war,
anti-Hearst, progressive bloc com
posing the Farm chapter of the
American Student Union will open
fire for the year at 7:30 o'clock to
night with an organization meeting
in the Women's Clubhouse.
One of the first targets of the
A.S.U. will be the Reserve Officers'
Training Corps, which, the Union's
spokesmen allege, is a "fascistic in
strument whose primary purpose
seems to be the smashing of the
labor movement."
"The main business of the A.S.U.
today," declares Richard Criley,
former Stanford-California student
and present state organizational sec
retary for the A.S.U., who will ad
dress the local group tonight, "is to
rid the campus of militarism and re
action which use as their stronghold
the R.O.T.C. Compulsory military
training must be abolished and all
such attempts to set up new units as
experienced by the students at San
Jose State College last year, com
pletely frustrated."
Criley claims to have discovered
military training courses in the art
of strike-breaking being taught on
the University of California campus.
Stanford's self-styled anti-war,
anti-Hearst, progressive bloc com
posing the Farm chapter of the
American Student Union will open
fire for the year at 7:30 o'clock to
night with an organization meeting
in the Women's Clubhouse.
One of the first targets of the
A.S.U. will be the Reserve Officers'
Training Corps, which, the Union's
spokesmen allege, is a "fascistic in
strument whose primary purpose
seems to be the smashing of the
labor movement."
"The main business of the A.S.U.
today," declares Richard Criley,
former Stanford-California student
and present state organizational sec
retary for the A.S.U., who will ad
dress the local group tonight, "is to
rid the campus of militarism and re
action which use as their stronghold
the R.O.T.C. Compulsory military
training must be abolished and all
such attempts to set up new units as
experienced by the students at San
Jose State College last year, com
pletely frustrated."
Criley claims to have discovered
military training courses in the art
of strike-breaking being taught on
the University of California campus.
Stanford's self-styled anti-war,
anti-Hearst, progressive bloc com
posing the Farm chapter of the
American Student Union will open
fire for the year at 7:30 o'clock to
night with an organization meeting
in the Women's Clubhouse.
One of the first targets of the
A.S.U. will be the Reserve Officers'
Training Corps, which, the Union's
spokesmen allege, is a "fascistic in
strument whose primary purpose
seems to be the smashing of the
labor movement."
"The main business of the A.S.U.
today," declares Richard Criley,
former Stanford-California student
and present state organizational sec
retary for the A.S.U., who will ad
dress the local group tonight, "is to
rid the campus of militarism and re
action which use as their stronghold
the R.O.T.C. Compulsory military
training must be abolished and all
such attempts to set up new units as
experienced by the students at San
Jose State College last year, com
pletely frustrated."
Criley claims to have discovered
military training courses in the art
of strike-breaking being taught on
the University of California campus.
Stanford's self-styled anti-war,
anti-Hearst, progressive bloc com
posing the Farm chapter of the
American Student Union will open
fire for the year at 7:30 o'clock to
night with an organization meeting
in the Women's Clubhouse.
One of the first targets of the
A.S.U. will be the Reserve Officers'
Training Corps, which, the Union's
spokesmen allege, is a "fascistic in
strument whose primary purpose
seems to be the smashing of the
labor movement."
"The main business of the A.S.U.
today," declares Richard Criley,
former Stanford-California student
and present state organizational sec
retary for the A.S.U., who will ad
dress the local group tonight, "is to
rid the campus of militarism and re
action which use as their stronghold
the R.O.T.C. Compulsory military
training must be abolished and all
such attempts to set up new units as
experienced by the students at San
Jose State College last year, com
pletely frustrated."
Criley claims to have discovered
military training courses in the art
of strike-breaking being taught on
the University of California campus.
