# Bulletin Board
## 
### 
Assembly: Roth, Reynolds to talk at
11 o'clock in Assembly Hall.
Classes will be excused.
Current Events Course: Meets in
Room 214 at 1:15 o'clock. Profes
sor Buck will give the lecture.
International Relations Club: Open
discussion of French monetary
policy today at 4 o'clock in West
Memorial Library, Political Sci
ence Building.
Open Practice: Open football prac
tice will be held this afternoon on
the practice field at 4:15.
A.S.S.U. Nominations: Polls at law
steps close at 6 o'clock tonight.
Y.W.C.A. Recognition: Service in
Memorial Church at 5:30 o'clock;
banquet in Faculty Clubhouse at
6:30.
American Student Union: Meets at
7:30 o'clock in the Women's Club
house.
Christian Science Organization:
Meets tonight at 7:30 on the third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
Flying Club: Meets tonight at 7:30 at
Palo Alto airport.
Sword and Sandals Reading: "Front
Page" will be read at 8 o'clock in
the Little Theater.
B.A.C. Meeting: B.A.C. board meets
tonight in B.A.C. room.
Bawlout Proofs: Will be posted to
morrow in front of Administration
Building.
