# Four Named For Vacant A.S.S.U. Jobs
## Candidates Needed; Poll At Law Steps Closes Tonight at 6 o'clock 
### 
Campus interest in the current
Roosevelt-Landon controversy ap
parently overshadowed Farmsters'
enthusiasm in their own school pol
itics yesterday when only four can
didates were nominated for the five
vacant A.S.S.U. posts to be filled
at next Thursday's special election.
Nominations will close for good at
6 o'clock tonight when Dave Allison,
election board manager, empties the
Law Steps bo-"-- and makes out the
final special election ballot.
Virginia Rooney and John Gal
lagher were named yesterday as as
pirants to the short-term graduate
member seat on Ex Committee. Jack
Hanson, Ex Committeeman last year,
was nominated for long-term grad
uate member.
Thomas Moroney stands as sole
nominee entered in the race for two
short-term offices on Men's Council.
Short-term Women's Council post
received no nomination.
Campus Farleys can still get their
favorites on next Thursday's ticket
by filling nomination blanks, avail
able on the Law Steps, with 15 bona
fide signatures, then taking them
back to the Law Steps before 6
o'clock.
Campus interest in the current
Roosevelt-Landon controversy ap
parently overshadowed Farmsters'
enthusiasm in their own school pol
itics yesterday when only four can
didates were nominated for the five
vacant A.S.S.U. posts to be filled
at next Thursday's special election.
Nominations will close for good at
6 o'clock tonight when Dave Allison,
election board manager, empties the
Law Steps bo-"-- and makes out the
final special election ballot.
Virginia Rooney and John Gal
lagher were named yesterday as as
pirants to the short-term graduate
member seat on Ex Committee. Jack
Hanson, Ex Committeeman last year,
was nominated for long-term grad
uate member.
Thomas Moroney stands as sole
nominee entered in the race for two
short-term offices on Men's Council.
Short-term Women's Council post
received no nomination.
Campus Farleys can still get their
favorites on next Thursday's ticket
by filling nomination blanks, avail
able on the Law Steps, with 15 bona
fide signatures, then taking them
back to the Law Steps before 6
o'clock.
Campus interest in the current
Roosevelt-Landon controversy ap
parently overshadowed Farmsters'
enthusiasm in their own school pol
itics yesterday when only four can
didates were nominated for the five
vacant A.S.S.U. posts to be filled
at next Thursday's special election.
Nominations will close for good at
6 o'clock tonight when Dave Allison,
election board manager, empties the
Law Steps bo-"-- and makes out the
final special election ballot.
Virginia Rooney and John Gal
lagher were named yesterday as as
pirants to the short-term graduate
member seat on Ex Committee. Jack
Hanson, Ex Committeeman last year,
was nominated for long-term grad
uate member.
Thomas Moroney stands as sole
nominee entered in the race for two
short-term offices on Men's Council.
Short-term Women's Council post
received no nomination.
Campus Farleys can still get their
favorites on next Thursday's ticket
by filling nomination blanks, avail
able on the Law Steps, with 15 bona
fide signatures, then taking them
back to the Law Steps before 6
o'clock.
Campus interest in the current
Roosevelt-Landon controversy ap
parently overshadowed Farmsters'
enthusiasm in their own school pol
itics yesterday when only four can
didates were nominated for the five
vacant A.S.S.U. posts to be filled
at next Thursday's special election.
Nominations will close for good at
6 o'clock tonight when Dave Allison,
election board manager, empties the
Law Steps bo-"-- and makes out the
final special election ballot.
Virginia Rooney and John Gal
lagher were named yesterday as as
pirants to the short-term graduate
member seat on Ex Committee. Jack
Hanson, Ex Committeeman last year,
was nominated for long-term grad
uate member.
Thomas Moroney stands as sole
nominee entered in the race for two
short-term offices on Men's Council.
Short-term Women's Council post
received no nomination.
Campus Farleys can still get their
favorites on next Thursday's ticket
by filling nomination blanks, avail
able on the Law Steps, with 15 bona
fide signatures, then taking them
back to the Law Steps before 6
o'clock.
Campus interest in the current
Roosevelt-Landon controversy ap
parently overshadowed Farmsters'
enthusiasm in their own school pol
itics yesterday when only four can
didates were nominated for the five
vacant A.S.S.U. posts to be filled
at next Thursday's special election.
Nominations will close for good at
6 o'clock tonight when Dave Allison,
election board manager, empties the
Law Steps bo-"-- and makes out the
final special election ballot.
Virginia Rooney and John Gal
lagher were named yesterday as as
pirants to the short-term graduate
member seat on Ex Committee. Jack
Hanson, Ex Committeeman last year,
was nominated for long-term grad
uate member.
Thomas Moroney stands as sole
nominee entered in the race for two
short-term offices on Men's Council.
Short-term Women's Council post
received no nomination.
Campus Farleys can still get their
favorites on next Thursday's ticket
by filling nomination blanks, avail
able on the Law Steps, with 15 bona
fide signatures, then taking them
back to the Law Steps before 6
o'clock.
Campus interest in the current
Roosevelt-Landon controversy ap
parently overshadowed Farmsters'
enthusiasm in their own school pol
itics yesterday when only four can
didates were nominated for the five
vacant A.S.S.U. posts to be filled
at next Thursday's special election.
Nominations will close for good at
6 o'clock tonight when Dave Allison,
election board manager, empties the
Law Steps bo-"-- and makes out the
final special election ballot.
Virginia Rooney and John Gal
lagher were named yesterday as as
pirants to the short-term graduate
member seat on Ex Committee. Jack
Hanson, Ex Committeeman last year,
was nominated for long-term grad
uate member.
Thomas Moroney stands as sole
nominee entered in the race for two
short-term offices on Men's Council.
Short-term Women's Council post
received no nomination.
Campus Farleys can still get their
favorites on next Thursday's ticket
by filling nomination blanks, avail
able on the Law Steps, with 15 bona
fide signatures, then taking them
back to the Law Steps before 6
o'clock.
Campus interest in the current
Roosevelt-Landon controversy ap
parently overshadowed Farmsters'
enthusiasm in their own school pol
itics yesterday when only four can
didates were nominated for the five
vacant A.S.S.U. posts to be filled
at next Thursday's special election.
Nominations will close for good at
6 o'clock tonight when Dave Allison,
election board manager, empties the
Law Steps bo-"-- and makes out the
final special election ballot.
Virginia Rooney and John Gal
lagher were named yesterday as as
pirants to the short-term graduate
member seat on Ex Committee. Jack
Hanson, Ex Committeeman last year,
was nominated for long-term grad
uate member.
Thomas Moroney stands as sole
nominee entered in the race for two
short-term offices on Men's Council.
Short-term Women's Council post
received no nomination.
Campus Farleys can still get their
favorites on next Thursday's ticket
by filling nomination blanks, avail
able on the Law Steps, with 15 bona
fide signatures, then taking them
back to the Law Steps before 6
o'clock.
Campus interest in the current
Roosevelt-Landon controversy ap
parently overshadowed Farmsters'
enthusiasm in their own school pol
itics yesterday when only four can
didates were nominated for the five
vacant A.S.S.U. posts to be filled
at next Thursday's special election.
Nominations will close for good at
6 o'clock tonight when Dave Allison,
election board manager, empties the
Law Steps bo-"-- and makes out the
final special election ballot.
Virginia Rooney and John Gal
lagher were named yesterday as as
pirants to the short-term graduate
member seat on Ex Committee. Jack
Hanson, Ex Committeeman last year,
was nominated for long-term grad
uate member.
Thomas Moroney stands as sole
nominee entered in the race for two
short-term offices on Men's Council.
Short-term Women's Council post
received no nomination.
Campus Farleys can still get their
favorites on next Thursday's ticket
by filling nomination blanks, avail
able on the Law Steps, with 15 bona
fide signatures, then taking them
back to the Law Steps before 6
o'clock.
Campus interest in the current
Roosevelt-Landon controversy ap
parently overshadowed Farmsters'
enthusiasm in their own school pol
itics yesterday when only four can
didates were nominated for the five
vacant A.S.S.U. posts to be filled
at next Thursday's special election.
Nominations will close for good at
6 o'clock tonight when Dave Allison,
election board manager, empties the
Law Steps bo-"-- and makes out the
final special election ballot.
Virginia Rooney and John Gal
lagher were named yesterday as as
pirants to the short-term graduate
member seat on Ex Committee. Jack
Hanson, Ex Committeeman last year,
was nominated for long-term grad
uate member.
Thomas Moroney stands as sole
nominee entered in the race for two
short-term offices on Men's Council.
Short-term Women's Council post
received no nomination.
Campus Farleys can still get their
favorites on next Thursday's ticket
by filling nomination blanks, avail
able on the Law Steps, with 15 bona
fide signatures, then taking them
back to the Law Steps before 6
o'clock.
Campus interest in the current
Roosevelt-Landon controversy ap
parently overshadowed Farmsters'
enthusiasm in their own school pol
itics yesterday when only four can
didates were nominated for the five
vacant A.S.S.U. posts to be filled
at next Thursday's special election.
Nominations will close for good at
6 o'clock tonight when Dave Allison,
election board manager, empties the
Law Steps bo-"-- and makes out the
final special election ballot.
Virginia Rooney and John Gal
lagher were named yesterday as as
pirants to the short-term graduate
member seat on Ex Committee. Jack
Hanson, Ex Committeeman last year,
was nominated for long-term grad
uate member.
Thomas Moroney stands as sole
nominee entered in the race for two
short-term offices on Men's Council.
Short-term Women's Council post
received no nomination.
Campus Farleys can still get their
favorites on next Thursday's ticket
by filling nomination blanks, avail
able on the Law Steps, with 15 bona
fide signatures, then taking them
back to the Law Steps before 6
o'clock.
Campus interest in the current
Roosevelt-Landon controversy ap
parently overshadowed Farmsters'
enthusiasm in their own school pol
itics yesterday when only four can
didates were nominated for the five
vacant A.S.S.U. posts to be filled
at next Thursday's special election.
Nominations will close for good at
6 o'clock tonight when Dave Allison,
election board manager, empties the
Law Steps bo-"-- and makes out the
final special election ballot.
Virginia Rooney and John Gal
lagher were named yesterday as as
pirants to the short-term graduate
member seat on Ex Committee. Jack
Hanson, Ex Committeeman last year,
was nominated for long-term grad
uate member.
Thomas Moroney stands as sole
nominee entered in the race for two
short-term offices on Men's Council.
Short-term Women's Council post
received no nomination.
Campus Farleys can still get their
favorites on next Thursday's ticket
by filling nomination blanks, avail
able on the Law Steps, with 15 bona
fide signatures, then taking them
back to the Law Steps before 6
o'clock.
Campus interest in the current
Roosevelt-Landon controversy ap
parently overshadowed Farmsters'
enthusiasm in their own school pol
itics yesterday when only four can
didates were nominated for the five
vacant A.S.S.U. posts to be filled
at next Thursday's special election.
Nominations will close for good at
6 o'clock tonight when Dave Allison,
election board manager, empties the
Law Steps bo-"-- and makes out the
final special election ballot.
Virginia Rooney and John Gal
lagher were named yesterday as as
pirants to the short-term graduate
member seat on Ex Committee. Jack
Hanson, Ex Committeeman last year,
was nominated for long-term grad
uate member.
Thomas Moroney stands as sole
nominee entered in the race for two
short-term offices on Men's Council.
Short-term Women's Council post
received no nomination.
Campus Farleys can still get their
favorites on next Thursday's ticket
by filling nomination blanks, avail
able on the Law Steps, with 15 bona
fide signatures, then taking them
back to the Law Steps before 6
o'clock.
Campus interest in the current
Roosevelt-Landon controversy ap
parently overshadowed Farmsters'
enthusiasm in their own school pol
itics yesterday when only four can
didates were nominated for the five
vacant A.S.S.U. posts to be filled
at next Thursday's special election.
Nominations will close for good at
6 o'clock tonight when Dave Allison,
election board manager, empties the
Law Steps bo-"-- and makes out the
final special election ballot.
Virginia Rooney and John Gal
lagher were named yesterday as as
pirants to the short-term graduate
member seat on Ex Committee. Jack
Hanson, Ex Committeeman last year,
was nominated for long-term grad
uate member.
Thomas Moroney stands as sole
nominee entered in the race for two
short-term offices on Men's Council.
Short-term Women's Council post
received no nomination.
Campus Farleys can still get their
favorites on next Thursday's ticket
by filling nomination blanks, avail
able on the Law Steps, with 15 bona
fide signatures, then taking them
back to the Law Steps before 6
o'clock.
Campus interest in the current
Roosevelt-Landon controversy ap
parently overshadowed Farmsters'
enthusiasm in their own school pol
itics yesterday when only four can
didates were nominated for the five
vacant A.S.S.U. posts to be filled
at next Thursday's special election.
Nominations will close for good at
6 o'clock tonight when Dave Allison,
election board manager, empties the
Law Steps bo-"-- and makes out the
final special election ballot.
Virginia Rooney and John Gal
lagher were named yesterday as as
pirants to the short-term graduate
member seat on Ex Committee. Jack
Hanson, Ex Committeeman last year,
was nominated for long-term grad
uate member.
Thomas Moroney stands as sole
nominee entered in the race for two
short-term offices on Men's Council.
Short-term Women's Council post
received no nomination.
Campus Farleys can still get their
favorites on next Thursday's ticket
by filling nomination blanks, avail
able on the Law Steps, with 15 bona
fide signatures, then taking them
back to the Law Steps before 6
o'clock.
Campus interest in the current
Roosevelt-Landon controversy ap
parently overshadowed Farmsters'
enthusiasm in their own school pol
itics yesterday when only four can
didates were nominated for the five
vacant A.S.S.U. posts to be filled
at next Thursday's special election.
Nominations will close for good at
6 o'clock tonight when Dave Allison,
election board manager, empties the
Law Steps bo-"-- and makes out the
final special election ballot.
Virginia Rooney and John Gal
lagher were named yesterday as as
pirants to the short-term graduate
member seat on Ex Committee. Jack
Hanson, Ex Committeeman last year,
was nominated for long-term grad
uate member.
Thomas Moroney stands as sole
nominee entered in the race for two
short-term offices on Men's Council.
Short-term Women's Council post
received no nomination.
Campus Farleys can still get their
favorites on next Thursday's ticket
by filling nomination blanks, avail
able on the Law Steps, with 15 bona
fide signatures, then taking them
back to the Law Steps before 6
o'clock.
Campus interest in the current
Roosevelt-Landon controversy ap
parently overshadowed Farmsters'
enthusiasm in their own school pol
itics yesterday when only four can
didates were nominated for the five
vacant A.S.S.U. posts to be filled
at next Thursday's special election.
Nominations will close for good at
6 o'clock tonight when Dave Allison,
election board manager, empties the
Law Steps bo-"-- and makes out the
final special election ballot.
Virginia Rooney and John Gal
lagher were named yesterday as as
pirants to the short-term graduate
member seat on Ex Committee. Jack
Hanson, Ex Committeeman last year,
was nominated for long-term grad
uate member.
Thomas Moroney stands as sole
nominee entered in the race for two
short-term offices on Men's Council.
Short-term Women's Council post
received no nomination.
Campus Farleys can still get their
favorites on next Thursday's ticket
by filling nomination blanks, avail
able on the Law Steps, with 15 bona
fide signatures, then taking them
back to the Law Steps before 6
o'clock.
