# NYA Job Release Cards Due Soon
## 
### 
All students who have signed for
NYA jobs must fill out a small yel
low release card before they can
start working. These cards must be
filled out this week. Today is the
last day that undergraduates may
apply for NYA work, states Mrs.
Irene Coverley, employment direc
tor.
Other jobs available are: for men
—boy with bakery experience; two
service station men; numerous sales
men and agents; hashing and room
jobs. For women: an efficient piano
accompanist; diving coach; room and
board jobs for graduate women.
There are a few excellent part-time
accounting positions yet unfilled.
All students who have signed for
NYA jobs must fill out a small yel
low release card before they can
start working. These cards must be
filled out this week. Today is the
last day that undergraduates may
apply for NYA work, states Mrs.
Irene Coverley, employment direc
tor.
Other jobs available are: for men
—boy with bakery experience; two
service station men; numerous sales
men and agents; hashing and room
jobs. For women: an efficient piano
accompanist; diving coach; room and
board jobs for graduate women.
There are a few excellent part-time
accounting positions yet unfilled.
All students who have signed for
NYA jobs must fill out a small yel
low release card before they can
start working. These cards must be
filled out this week. Today is the
last day that undergraduates may
apply for NYA work, states Mrs.
Irene Coverley, employment direc
tor.
Other jobs available are: for men
—boy with bakery experience; two
service station men; numerous sales
men and agents; hashing and room
jobs. For women: an efficient piano
accompanist; diving coach; room and
board jobs for graduate women.
There are a few excellent part-time
accounting positions yet unfilled.
All students who have signed for
NYA jobs must fill out a small yel
low release card before they can
start working. These cards must be
filled out this week. Today is the
last day that undergraduates may
apply for NYA work, states Mrs.
Irene Coverley, employment direc
tor.
Other jobs available are: for men
—boy with bakery experience; two
service station men; numerous sales
men and agents; hashing and room
jobs. For women: an efficient piano
accompanist; diving coach; room and
board jobs for graduate women.
There are a few excellent part-time
accounting positions yet unfilled.
All students who have signed for
NYA jobs must fill out a small yel
low release card before they can
start working. These cards must be
filled out this week. Today is the
last day that undergraduates may
apply for NYA work, states Mrs.
Irene Coverley, employment direc
tor.
Other jobs available are: for men
—boy with bakery experience; two
service station men; numerous sales
men and agents; hashing and room
jobs. For women: an efficient piano
accompanist; diving coach; room and
board jobs for graduate women.
There are a few excellent part-time
accounting positions yet unfilled.
All students who have signed for
NYA jobs must fill out a small yel
low release card before they can
start working. These cards must be
filled out this week. Today is the
last day that undergraduates may
apply for NYA work, states Mrs.
Irene Coverley, employment direc
tor.
Other jobs available are: for men
—boy with bakery experience; two
service station men; numerous sales
men and agents; hashing and room
jobs. For women: an efficient piano
accompanist; diving coach; room and
board jobs for graduate women.
There are a few excellent part-time
accounting positions yet unfilled.
All students who have signed for
NYA jobs must fill out a small yel
low release card before they can
start working. These cards must be
filled out this week. Today is the
last day that undergraduates may
apply for NYA work, states Mrs.
Irene Coverley, employment direc
tor.
Other jobs available are: for men
—boy with bakery experience; two
service station men; numerous sales
men and agents; hashing and room
jobs. For women: an efficient piano
accompanist; diving coach; room and
board jobs for graduate women.
There are a few excellent part-time
accounting positions yet unfilled.
All students who have signed for
NYA jobs must fill out a small yel
low release card before they can
start working. These cards must be
filled out this week. Today is the
last day that undergraduates may
apply for NYA work, states Mrs.
Irene Coverley, employment direc
tor.
Other jobs available are: for men
—boy with bakery experience; two
service station men; numerous sales
men and agents; hashing and room
jobs. For women: an efficient piano
accompanist; diving coach; room and
board jobs for graduate women.
There are a few excellent part-time
accounting positions yet unfilled.
All students who have signed for
NYA jobs must fill out a small yel
low release card before they can
start working. These cards must be
filled out this week. Today is the
last day that undergraduates may
apply for NYA work, states Mrs.
Irene Coverley, employment direc
tor.
Other jobs available are: for men
—boy with bakery experience; two
service station men; numerous sales
men and agents; hashing and room
jobs. For women: an efficient piano
accompanist; diving coach; room and
board jobs for graduate women.
There are a few excellent part-time
accounting positions yet unfilled.
All students who have signed for
NYA jobs must fill out a small yel
low release card before they can
start working. These cards must be
filled out this week. Today is the
last day that undergraduates may
apply for NYA work, states Mrs.
Irene Coverley, employment direc
tor.
Other jobs available are: for men
—boy with bakery experience; two
service station men; numerous sales
men and agents; hashing and room
jobs. For women: an efficient piano
accompanist; diving coach; room and
board jobs for graduate women.
There are a few excellent part-time
accounting positions yet unfilled.
All students who have signed for
NYA jobs must fill out a small yel
low release card before they can
start working. These cards must be
filled out this week. Today is the
last day that undergraduates may
apply for NYA work, states Mrs.
Irene Coverley, employment direc
tor.
Other jobs available are: for men
—boy with bakery experience; two
service station men; numerous sales
men and agents; hashing and room
jobs. For women: an efficient piano
accompanist; diving coach; room and
board jobs for graduate women.
There are a few excellent part-time
accounting positions yet unfilled.
All students who have signed for
NYA jobs must fill out a small yel
low release card before they can
start working. These cards must be
filled out this week. Today is the
last day that undergraduates may
apply for NYA work, states Mrs.
Irene Coverley, employment direc
tor.
Other jobs available are: for men
—boy with bakery experience; two
service station men; numerous sales
men and agents; hashing and room
jobs. For women: an efficient piano
accompanist; diving coach; room and
board jobs for graduate women.
There are a few excellent part-time
accounting positions yet unfilled.
All students who have signed for
NYA jobs must fill out a small yel
low release card before they can
start working. These cards must be
filled out this week. Today is the
last day that undergraduates may
apply for NYA work, states Mrs.
Irene Coverley, employment direc
tor.
Other jobs available are: for men
—boy with bakery experience; two
service station men; numerous sales
men and agents; hashing and room
jobs. For women: an efficient piano
accompanist; diving coach; room and
board jobs for graduate women.
There are a few excellent part-time
accounting positions yet unfilled.
All students who have signed for
NYA jobs must fill out a small yel
low release card before they can
start working. These cards must be
filled out this week. Today is the
last day that undergraduates may
apply for NYA work, states Mrs.
Irene Coverley, employment direc
tor.
Other jobs available are: for men
—boy with bakery experience; two
service station men; numerous sales
men and agents; hashing and room
jobs. For women: an efficient piano
accompanist; diving coach; room and
board jobs for graduate women.
There are a few excellent part-time
accounting positions yet unfilled.
All students who have signed for
NYA jobs must fill out a small yel
low release card before they can
start working. These cards must be
filled out this week. Today is the
last day that undergraduates may
apply for NYA work, states Mrs.
Irene Coverley, employment direc
tor.
Other jobs available are: for men
—boy with bakery experience; two
service station men; numerous sales
men and agents; hashing and room
jobs. For women: an efficient piano
accompanist; diving coach; room and
board jobs for graduate women.
There are a few excellent part-time
accounting positions yet unfilled.
All students who have signed for
NYA jobs must fill out a small yel
low release card before they can
start working. These cards must be
filled out this week. Today is the
last day that undergraduates may
apply for NYA work, states Mrs.
Irene Coverley, employment direc
tor.
Other jobs available are: for men
—boy with bakery experience; two
service station men; numerous sales
men and agents; hashing and room
jobs. For women: an efficient piano
accompanist; diving coach; room and
board jobs for graduate women.
There are a few excellent part-time
accounting positions yet unfilled.
