# Untitled Article
## 
### 
In the last intercollegiate athletic
agreement it is recommended that
there shall he no more imported
eastern football coaches after 1898.
This movement makes it imperative
that we found a ''school" of foot
hall, thai our alumni return year
after year to advise and coach the
team and to set up a definite ath
letic policy. This fall is none too
early to hegin, and we should earn
estly urge our old Varsity men to
return this fall and aid in the de
velopment of the eleven.
In the last intercollegiate athletic
agreement it is recommended that
there shall he no more imported
eastern football coaches after 1898.
This movement makes it imperative
that we found a ''school" of foot
hall, thai our alumni return year
after year to advise and coach the
team and to set up a definite ath
letic policy. This fall is none too
early to hegin, and we should earn
estly urge our old Varsity men to
return this fall and aid in the de
velopment of the eleven.
In the last intercollegiate athletic
agreement it is recommended that
there shall he no more imported
eastern football coaches after 1898.
This movement makes it imperative
that we found a ''school" of foot
hall, thai our alumni return year
after year to advise and coach the
team and to set up a definite ath
letic policy. This fall is none too
early to hegin, and we should earn
estly urge our old Varsity men to
return this fall and aid in the de
velopment of the eleven.
In the last intercollegiate athletic
agreement it is recommended that
there shall he no more imported
eastern football coaches after 1898.
This movement makes it imperative
that we found a ''school" of foot
hall, thai our alumni return year
after year to advise and coach the
team and to set up a definite ath
letic policy. This fall is none too
early to hegin, and we should earn
estly urge our old Varsity men to
return this fall and aid in the de
velopment of the eleven.
