# Chaparral Calls For Assistance
## 
### 
Seeking to bolster its ever
dwindling staff, the Stanford
Chaparral announces that various
of the humor mag's decadent
heirarchy will welcome "anyone
who can do anything," as busi
ness manager Charlie Landis put
it, to the Chappie shack at about
any time.
The Chappies are attempting to
have their annual, and by this
time tired, "Pre-Reg Primer" in
frosh hands today. Even more
extravagantly, they boast that
their first issue will be on sale
on Quad on Sept. 28.
Seeking to bolster its ever
dwindling staff, the Stanford
Chaparral announces that various
of the humor mag's decadent
heirarchy will welcome "anyone
who can do anything," as busi
ness manager Charlie Landis put
it, to the Chappie shack at about
any time.
The Chappies are attempting to
have their annual, and by this
time tired, "Pre-Reg Primer" in
frosh hands today. Even more
extravagantly, they boast that
their first issue will be on sale
on Quad on Sept. 28.
Seeking to bolster its ever
dwindling staff, the Stanford
Chaparral announces that various
of the humor mag's decadent
heirarchy will welcome "anyone
who can do anything," as busi
ness manager Charlie Landis put
it, to the Chappie shack at about
any time.
The Chappies are attempting to
have their annual, and by this
time tired, "Pre-Reg Primer" in
frosh hands today. Even more
extravagantly, they boast that
their first issue will be on sale
on Quad on Sept. 28.
Seeking to bolster its ever
dwindling staff, the Stanford
Chaparral announces that various
of the humor mag's decadent
heirarchy will welcome "anyone
who can do anything," as busi
ness manager Charlie Landis put
it, to the Chappie shack at about
any time.
The Chappies are attempting to
have their annual, and by this
time tired, "Pre-Reg Primer" in
frosh hands today. Even more
extravagantly, they boast that
their first issue will be on sale
on Quad on Sept. 28.
Seeking to bolster its ever
dwindling staff, the Stanford
Chaparral announces that various
of the humor mag's decadent
heirarchy will welcome "anyone
who can do anything," as busi
ness manager Charlie Landis put
it, to the Chappie shack at about
any time.
The Chappies are attempting to
have their annual, and by this
time tired, "Pre-Reg Primer" in
frosh hands today. Even more
extravagantly, they boast that
their first issue will be on sale
on Quad on Sept. 28.
Seeking to bolster its ever
dwindling staff, the Stanford
Chaparral announces that various
of the humor mag's decadent
heirarchy will welcome "anyone
who can do anything," as busi
ness manager Charlie Landis put
it, to the Chappie shack at about
any time.
The Chappies are attempting to
have their annual, and by this
time tired, "Pre-Reg Primer" in
frosh hands today. Even more
extravagantly, they boast that
their first issue will be on sale
on Quad on Sept. 28.
Seeking to bolster its ever
dwindling staff, the Stanford
Chaparral announces that various
of the humor mag's decadent
heirarchy will welcome "anyone
who can do anything," as busi
ness manager Charlie Landis put
it, to the Chappie shack at about
any time.
The Chappies are attempting to
have their annual, and by this
time tired, "Pre-Reg Primer" in
frosh hands today. Even more
extravagantly, they boast that
their first issue will be on sale
on Quad on Sept. 28.
Seeking to bolster its ever
dwindling staff, the Stanford
Chaparral announces that various
of the humor mag's decadent
heirarchy will welcome "anyone
who can do anything," as busi
ness manager Charlie Landis put
it, to the Chappie shack at about
any time.
The Chappies are attempting to
have their annual, and by this
time tired, "Pre-Reg Primer" in
frosh hands today. Even more
extravagantly, they boast that
their first issue will be on sale
on Quad on Sept. 28.
Seeking to bolster its ever
dwindling staff, the Stanford
Chaparral announces that various
of the humor mag's decadent
heirarchy will welcome "anyone
who can do anything," as busi
ness manager Charlie Landis put
it, to the Chappie shack at about
any time.
The Chappies are attempting to
have their annual, and by this
time tired, "Pre-Reg Primer" in
frosh hands today. Even more
extravagantly, they boast that
their first issue will be on sale
on Quad on Sept. 28.
Seeking to bolster its ever
dwindling staff, the Stanford
Chaparral announces that various
of the humor mag's decadent
heirarchy will welcome "anyone
who can do anything," as busi
ness manager Charlie Landis put
it, to the Chappie shack at about
any time.
The Chappies are attempting to
have their annual, and by this
time tired, "Pre-Reg Primer" in
frosh hands today. Even more
extravagantly, they boast that
their first issue will be on sale
on Quad on Sept. 28.
Seeking to bolster its ever
dwindling staff, the Stanford
Chaparral announces that various
of the humor mag's decadent
heirarchy will welcome "anyone
who can do anything," as busi
ness manager Charlie Landis put
it, to the Chappie shack at about
any time.
The Chappies are attempting to
have their annual, and by this
time tired, "Pre-Reg Primer" in
frosh hands today. Even more
extravagantly, they boast that
their first issue will be on sale
on Quad on Sept. 28.
Seeking to bolster its ever
dwindling staff, the Stanford
Chaparral announces that various
of the humor mag's decadent
heirarchy will welcome "anyone
who can do anything," as busi
ness manager Charlie Landis put
it, to the Chappie shack at about
any time.
The Chappies are attempting to
have their annual, and by this
time tired, "Pre-Reg Primer" in
frosh hands today. Even more
extravagantly, they boast that
their first issue will be on sale
on Quad on Sept. 28.
Seeking to bolster its ever
dwindling staff, the Stanford
Chaparral announces that various
of the humor mag's decadent
heirarchy will welcome "anyone
who can do anything," as busi
ness manager Charlie Landis put
it, to the Chappie shack at about
any time.
The Chappies are attempting to
have their annual, and by this
time tired, "Pre-Reg Primer" in
frosh hands today. Even more
extravagantly, they boast that
their first issue will be on sale
on Quad on Sept. 28.
Seeking to bolster its ever
dwindling staff, the Stanford
Chaparral announces that various
of the humor mag's decadent
heirarchy will welcome "anyone
who can do anything," as busi
ness manager Charlie Landis put
it, to the Chappie shack at about
any time.
The Chappies are attempting to
have their annual, and by this
time tired, "Pre-Reg Primer" in
frosh hands today. Even more
extravagantly, they boast that
their first issue will be on sale
on Quad on Sept. 28.
Seeking to bolster its ever
dwindling staff, the Stanford
Chaparral announces that various
of the humor mag's decadent
heirarchy will welcome "anyone
who can do anything," as busi
ness manager Charlie Landis put
it, to the Chappie shack at about
any time.
The Chappies are attempting to
have their annual, and by this
time tired, "Pre-Reg Primer" in
frosh hands today. Even more
extravagantly, they boast that
their first issue will be on sale
on Quad on Sept. 28.
Seeking to bolster its ever
dwindling staff, the Stanford
Chaparral announces that various
of the humor mag's decadent
heirarchy will welcome "anyone
who can do anything," as busi
ness manager Charlie Landis put
it, to the Chappie shack at about
any time.
The Chappies are attempting to
have their annual, and by this
time tired, "Pre-Reg Primer" in
frosh hands today. Even more
extravagantly, they boast that
their first issue will be on sale
on Quad on Sept. 28.
