# Special Frosh Church Service Set for Sunday
## 
### 
A special freshman service will
be conducted this Sunday ai 11
a.m. in Memorial Church with
Rev. Robert Minlo officiating.
Stanford President W alia c e
Ster 1 in g and his son. Bill
Sterling, will read the lessons
from the Bible. A special fresh
man choir under the direction of
Professor Harold C. Schmidt will
provide music for the service.
Organist will be Professor
Herbert Nanny who has returned
to Stanford after a year in
Europe.
Freshmen are reminded that
Memorial Church is a non-denom
inational chapel and are welcome
to attend ihe services no matter
what their religious affiliation
may be. Rev. Minto said.
