# Top Russ Physicists Inspect Laboratories
## 
### 
Twelve of Russia s top nu
clear physicists visited the
Hansen Laboratories of Phy
sics Sept. 9 on a lour follow
ing the 10th International
Conference on High lOnergy
Physics at the University of
Rochester.
They examined the newly
enlarged billion-volt electron
accelerator.
The group was guided by
Prof. W. K. H. Panofsky, di
rector of the High Energy
Physics Laboratory.
Twelve of Russia s top nu
clear physicists visited the
Hansen Laboratories of Phy
sics Sept. 9 on a lour follow
ing the 10th International
Conference on High lOnergy
Physics at the University of
Rochester.
They examined the newly
enlarged billion-volt electron
accelerator.
The group was guided by
Prof. W. K. H. Panofsky, di
rector of the High Energy
Physics Laboratory.
Twelve of Russia s top nu
clear physicists visited the
Hansen Laboratories of Phy
sics Sept. 9 on a lour follow
ing the 10th International
Conference on High lOnergy
Physics at the University of
Rochester.
They examined the newly
enlarged billion-volt electron
accelerator.
The group was guided by
Prof. W. K. H. Panofsky, di
rector of the High Energy
Physics Laboratory.
Twelve of Russia s top nu
clear physicists visited the
Hansen Laboratories of Phy
sics Sept. 9 on a lour follow
ing the 10th International
Conference on High lOnergy
Physics at the University of
Rochester.
They examined the newly
enlarged billion-volt electron
accelerator.
The group was guided by
Prof. W. K. H. Panofsky, di
rector of the High Energy
Physics Laboratory.
Twelve of Russia s top nu
clear physicists visited the
Hansen Laboratories of Phy
sics Sept. 9 on a lour follow
ing the 10th International
Conference on High lOnergy
Physics at the University of
Rochester.
They examined the newly
enlarged billion-volt electron
accelerator.
The group was guided by
Prof. W. K. H. Panofsky, di
rector of the High Energy
Physics Laboratory.
Twelve of Russia s top nu
clear physicists visited the
Hansen Laboratories of Phy
sics Sept. 9 on a lour follow
ing the 10th International
Conference on High lOnergy
Physics at the University of
Rochester.
They examined the newly
enlarged billion-volt electron
accelerator.
The group was guided by
Prof. W. K. H. Panofsky, di
rector of the High Energy
Physics Laboratory.
Twelve of Russia s top nu
clear physicists visited the
Hansen Laboratories of Phy
sics Sept. 9 on a lour follow
ing the 10th International
Conference on High lOnergy
Physics at the University of
Rochester.
They examined the newly
enlarged billion-volt electron
accelerator.
The group was guided by
Prof. W. K. H. Panofsky, di
rector of the High Energy
Physics Laboratory.
Twelve of Russia s top nu
clear physicists visited the
Hansen Laboratories of Phy
sics Sept. 9 on a lour follow
ing the 10th International
Conference on High lOnergy
Physics at the University of
Rochester.
They examined the newly
enlarged billion-volt electron
accelerator.
The group was guided by
Prof. W. K. H. Panofsky, di
rector of the High Energy
Physics Laboratory.
Twelve of Russia s top nu
clear physicists visited the
Hansen Laboratories of Phy
sics Sept. 9 on a lour follow
ing the 10th International
Conference on High lOnergy
Physics at the University of
Rochester.
They examined the newly
enlarged billion-volt electron
accelerator.
The group was guided by
Prof. W. K. H. Panofsky, di
rector of the High Energy
Physics Laboratory.
Twelve of Russia s top nu
clear physicists visited the
Hansen Laboratories of Phy
sics Sept. 9 on a lour follow
ing the 10th International
Conference on High lOnergy
Physics at the University of
Rochester.
They examined the newly
enlarged billion-volt electron
accelerator.
The group was guided by
Prof. W. K. H. Panofsky, di
rector of the High Energy
Physics Laboratory.
Twelve of Russia s top nu
clear physicists visited the
Hansen Laboratories of Phy
sics Sept. 9 on a lour follow
ing the 10th International
Conference on High lOnergy
Physics at the University of
Rochester.
They examined the newly
enlarged billion-volt electron
accelerator.
The group was guided by
Prof. W. K. H. Panofsky, di
rector of the High Energy
Physics Laboratory.
Twelve of Russia s top nu
clear physicists visited the
Hansen Laboratories of Phy
sics Sept. 9 on a lour follow
ing the 10th International
Conference on High lOnergy
Physics at the University of
Rochester.
They examined the newly
enlarged billion-volt electron
accelerator.
The group was guided by
Prof. W. K. H. Panofsky, di
rector of the High Energy
Physics Laboratory.
Twelve of Russia s top nu
clear physicists visited the
Hansen Laboratories of Phy
sics Sept. 9 on a lour follow
ing the 10th International
Conference on High lOnergy
Physics at the University of
Rochester.
They examined the newly
enlarged billion-volt electron
accelerator.
The group was guided by
Prof. W. K. H. Panofsky, di
rector of the High Energy
Physics Laboratory.
Twelve of Russia s top nu
clear physicists visited the
Hansen Laboratories of Phy
sics Sept. 9 on a lour follow
ing the 10th International
Conference on High lOnergy
Physics at the University of
Rochester.
They examined the newly
enlarged billion-volt electron
accelerator.
The group was guided by
Prof. W. K. H. Panofsky, di
rector of the High Energy
Physics Laboratory.
Twelve of Russia s top nu
clear physicists visited the
Hansen Laboratories of Phy
sics Sept. 9 on a lour follow
ing the 10th International
Conference on High lOnergy
Physics at the University of
Rochester.
They examined the newly
enlarged billion-volt electron
accelerator.
The group was guided by
Prof. W. K. H. Panofsky, di
rector of the High Energy
Physics Laboratory.
Twelve of Russia s top nu
clear physicists visited the
Hansen Laboratories of Phy
sics Sept. 9 on a lour follow
ing the 10th International
Conference on High lOnergy
Physics at the University of
Rochester.
They examined the newly
enlarged billion-volt electron
accelerator.
The group was guided by
Prof. W. K. H. Panofsky, di
rector of the High Energy
Physics Laboratory.
