# FROSH GIRLS ARE SHOWN THE SIGHTS
## 
### 
Pompon girl Suzanne Horney points out some of Stanford's grounds. Pre-Reg Chairman
Bill Sterling reports that the new idea of non-chaperoned type tours will probably be
dropped because the freshmen are not touring on their own.

Pompon girl Suzanne Horney points out some of Stanford's grounds. Pre-Reg Chairman
Bill Sterling reports that the new idea of non-chaperoned type tours will probably be
dropped because the freshmen are not touring on their own.

Pompon girl Suzanne Horney points out some of Stanford's grounds. Pre-Reg Chairman
Bill Sterling reports that the new idea of non-chaperoned type tours will probably be
dropped because the freshmen are not touring on their own.

Pompon girl Suzanne Horney points out some of Stanford's grounds. Pre-Reg Chairman
Bill Sterling reports that the new idea of non-chaperoned type tours will probably be
dropped because the freshmen are not touring on their own.

Pompon girl Suzanne Horney points out some of Stanford's grounds. Pre-Reg Chairman
Bill Sterling reports that the new idea of non-chaperoned type tours will probably be
dropped because the freshmen are not touring on their own.

Pompon girl Suzanne Horney points out some of Stanford's grounds. Pre-Reg Chairman
Bill Sterling reports that the new idea of non-chaperoned type tours will probably be
dropped because the freshmen are not touring on their own.

Pompon girl Suzanne Horney points out some of Stanford's grounds. Pre-Reg Chairman
Bill Sterling reports that the new idea of non-chaperoned type tours will probably be
dropped because the freshmen are not touring on their own.

Pompon girl Suzanne Horney points out some of Stanford's grounds. Pre-Reg Chairman
Bill Sterling reports that the new idea of non-chaperoned type tours will probably be
dropped because the freshmen are not touring on their own.

Pompon girl Suzanne Horney points out some of Stanford's grounds. Pre-Reg Chairman
Bill Sterling reports that the new idea of non-chaperoned type tours will probably be
dropped because the freshmen are not touring on their own.

Pompon girl Suzanne Horney points out some of Stanford's grounds. Pre-Reg Chairman
Bill Sterling reports that the new idea of non-chaperoned type tours will probably be
dropped because the freshmen are not touring on their own.

Pompon girl Suzanne Horney points out some of Stanford's grounds. Pre-Reg Chairman
Bill Sterling reports that the new idea of non-chaperoned type tours will probably be
dropped because the freshmen are not touring on their own.

Pompon girl Suzanne Horney points out some of Stanford's grounds. Pre-Reg Chairman
Bill Sterling reports that the new idea of non-chaperoned type tours will probably be
dropped because the freshmen are not touring on their own.

Pompon girl Suzanne Horney points out some of Stanford's grounds. Pre-Reg Chairman
Bill Sterling reports that the new idea of non-chaperoned type tours will probably be
dropped because the freshmen are not touring on their own.

Pompon girl Suzanne Horney points out some of Stanford's grounds. Pre-Reg Chairman
Bill Sterling reports that the new idea of non-chaperoned type tours will probably be
dropped because the freshmen are not touring on their own.

Pompon girl Suzanne Horney points out some of Stanford's grounds. Pre-Reg Chairman
Bill Sterling reports that the new idea of non-chaperoned type tours will probably be
dropped because the freshmen are not touring on their own.

Pompon girl Suzanne Horney points out some of Stanford's grounds. Pre-Reg Chairman
Bill Sterling reports that the new idea of non-chaperoned type tours will probably be
dropped because the freshmen are not touring on their own.

