# Electric Shock Kills Prof. Shirley's Wife
## 
### 
The wife of a Stanford pro
fessor was electrocuted July
11 while cleaning her campus
home in preparation for
guests.
Police said that Mrs. Mil
dred Shirley apparently tried
to move a floor lamp while
standing barefoot on a wet
concrete floor.
She was the wife of Dr.
Hale F. Shirley, Medical
School psychiatry professor.
The wife of a Stanford pro
fessor was electrocuted July
11 while cleaning her campus
home in preparation for
guests.
Police said that Mrs. Mil
dred Shirley apparently tried
to move a floor lamp while
standing barefoot on a wet
concrete floor.
She was the wife of Dr.
Hale F. Shirley, Medical
School psychiatry professor.
The wife of a Stanford pro
fessor was electrocuted July
11 while cleaning her campus
home in preparation for
guests.
Police said that Mrs. Mil
dred Shirley apparently tried
to move a floor lamp while
standing barefoot on a wet
concrete floor.
She was the wife of Dr.
Hale F. Shirley, Medical
School psychiatry professor.
The wife of a Stanford pro
fessor was electrocuted July
11 while cleaning her campus
home in preparation for
guests.
Police said that Mrs. Mil
dred Shirley apparently tried
to move a floor lamp while
standing barefoot on a wet
concrete floor.
She was the wife of Dr.
Hale F. Shirley, Medical
School psychiatry professor.
The wife of a Stanford pro
fessor was electrocuted July
11 while cleaning her campus
home in preparation for
guests.
Police said that Mrs. Mil
dred Shirley apparently tried
to move a floor lamp while
standing barefoot on a wet
concrete floor.
She was the wife of Dr.
Hale F. Shirley, Medical
School psychiatry professor.
The wife of a Stanford pro
fessor was electrocuted July
11 while cleaning her campus
home in preparation for
guests.
Police said that Mrs. Mil
dred Shirley apparently tried
to move a floor lamp while
standing barefoot on a wet
concrete floor.
She was the wife of Dr.
Hale F. Shirley, Medical
School psychiatry professor.
The wife of a Stanford pro
fessor was electrocuted July
11 while cleaning her campus
home in preparation for
guests.
Police said that Mrs. Mil
dred Shirley apparently tried
to move a floor lamp while
standing barefoot on a wet
concrete floor.
She was the wife of Dr.
Hale F. Shirley, Medical
School psychiatry professor.
The wife of a Stanford pro
fessor was electrocuted July
11 while cleaning her campus
home in preparation for
guests.
Police said that Mrs. Mil
dred Shirley apparently tried
to move a floor lamp while
standing barefoot on a wet
concrete floor.
She was the wife of Dr.
Hale F. Shirley, Medical
School psychiatry professor.
The wife of a Stanford pro
fessor was electrocuted July
11 while cleaning her campus
home in preparation for
guests.
Police said that Mrs. Mil
dred Shirley apparently tried
to move a floor lamp while
standing barefoot on a wet
concrete floor.
She was the wife of Dr.
Hale F. Shirley, Medical
School psychiatry professor.
The wife of a Stanford pro
fessor was electrocuted July
11 while cleaning her campus
home in preparation for
guests.
Police said that Mrs. Mil
dred Shirley apparently tried
to move a floor lamp while
standing barefoot on a wet
concrete floor.
She was the wife of Dr.
Hale F. Shirley, Medical
School psychiatry professor.
The wife of a Stanford pro
fessor was electrocuted July
11 while cleaning her campus
home in preparation for
guests.
Police said that Mrs. Mil
dred Shirley apparently tried
to move a floor lamp while
standing barefoot on a wet
concrete floor.
She was the wife of Dr.
Hale F. Shirley, Medical
School psychiatry professor.
The wife of a Stanford pro
fessor was electrocuted July
11 while cleaning her campus
home in preparation for
guests.
Police said that Mrs. Mil
dred Shirley apparently tried
to move a floor lamp while
standing barefoot on a wet
concrete floor.
She was the wife of Dr.
Hale F. Shirley, Medical
School psychiatry professor.
The wife of a Stanford pro
fessor was electrocuted July
11 while cleaning her campus
home in preparation for
guests.
Police said that Mrs. Mil
dred Shirley apparently tried
to move a floor lamp while
standing barefoot on a wet
concrete floor.
She was the wife of Dr.
Hale F. Shirley, Medical
School psychiatry professor.
The wife of a Stanford pro
fessor was electrocuted July
11 while cleaning her campus
home in preparation for
guests.
Police said that Mrs. Mil
dred Shirley apparently tried
to move a floor lamp while
standing barefoot on a wet
concrete floor.
She was the wife of Dr.
Hale F. Shirley, Medical
School psychiatry professor.
The wife of a Stanford pro
fessor was electrocuted July
11 while cleaning her campus
home in preparation for
guests.
Police said that Mrs. Mil
dred Shirley apparently tried
to move a floor lamp while
standing barefoot on a wet
concrete floor.
She was the wife of Dr.
Hale F. Shirley, Medical
School psychiatry professor.
The wife of a Stanford pro
fessor was electrocuted July
11 while cleaning her campus
home in preparation for
guests.
Police said that Mrs. Mil
dred Shirley apparently tried
to move a floor lamp while
standing barefoot on a wet
concrete floor.
She was the wife of Dr.
Hale F. Shirley, Medical
School psychiatry professor.
