# Poschl Speaks On Seneca Tragedy
## 
### 
"Seneca's Tragedies" is 1 h e
topic of a lecture by Professor
Victor Poschl to be presented this
afternoon at 4:15 p.m. in the
Lower Lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Poschl, Professor of Classical
Philology at the University of
Heidelberg and a Sat her lecturer
at the University of California,
is being sponsored by the Stan
ford Philological Association.
Guests will be welcome.
"Seneca's Tragedies" is 1 h e
topic of a lecture by Professor
Victor Poschl to be presented this
afternoon at 4:15 p.m. in the
Lower Lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Poschl, Professor of Classical
Philology at the University of
Heidelberg and a Sat her lecturer
at the University of California,
is being sponsored by the Stan
ford Philological Association.
Guests will be welcome.
"Seneca's Tragedies" is 1 h e
topic of a lecture by Professor
Victor Poschl to be presented this
afternoon at 4:15 p.m. in the
Lower Lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Poschl, Professor of Classical
Philology at the University of
Heidelberg and a Sat her lecturer
at the University of California,
is being sponsored by the Stan
ford Philological Association.
Guests will be welcome.
"Seneca's Tragedies" is 1 h e
topic of a lecture by Professor
Victor Poschl to be presented this
afternoon at 4:15 p.m. in the
Lower Lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Poschl, Professor of Classical
Philology at the University of
Heidelberg and a Sat her lecturer
at the University of California,
is being sponsored by the Stan
ford Philological Association.
Guests will be welcome.
"Seneca's Tragedies" is 1 h e
topic of a lecture by Professor
Victor Poschl to be presented this
afternoon at 4:15 p.m. in the
Lower Lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Poschl, Professor of Classical
Philology at the University of
Heidelberg and a Sat her lecturer
at the University of California,
is being sponsored by the Stan
ford Philological Association.
Guests will be welcome.
"Seneca's Tragedies" is 1 h e
topic of a lecture by Professor
Victor Poschl to be presented this
afternoon at 4:15 p.m. in the
Lower Lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Poschl, Professor of Classical
Philology at the University of
Heidelberg and a Sat her lecturer
at the University of California,
is being sponsored by the Stan
ford Philological Association.
Guests will be welcome.
"Seneca's Tragedies" is 1 h e
topic of a lecture by Professor
Victor Poschl to be presented this
afternoon at 4:15 p.m. in the
Lower Lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Poschl, Professor of Classical
Philology at the University of
Heidelberg and a Sat her lecturer
at the University of California,
is being sponsored by the Stan
ford Philological Association.
Guests will be welcome.
"Seneca's Tragedies" is 1 h e
topic of a lecture by Professor
Victor Poschl to be presented this
afternoon at 4:15 p.m. in the
Lower Lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Poschl, Professor of Classical
Philology at the University of
Heidelberg and a Sat her lecturer
at the University of California,
is being sponsored by the Stan
ford Philological Association.
Guests will be welcome.
"Seneca's Tragedies" is 1 h e
topic of a lecture by Professor
Victor Poschl to be presented this
afternoon at 4:15 p.m. in the
Lower Lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Poschl, Professor of Classical
Philology at the University of
Heidelberg and a Sat her lecturer
at the University of California,
is being sponsored by the Stan
ford Philological Association.
Guests will be welcome.
"Seneca's Tragedies" is 1 h e
topic of a lecture by Professor
Victor Poschl to be presented this
afternoon at 4:15 p.m. in the
Lower Lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Poschl, Professor of Classical
Philology at the University of
Heidelberg and a Sat her lecturer
at the University of California,
is being sponsored by the Stan
ford Philological Association.
Guests will be welcome.
"Seneca's Tragedies" is 1 h e
topic of a lecture by Professor
Victor Poschl to be presented this
afternoon at 4:15 p.m. in the
Lower Lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Poschl, Professor of Classical
Philology at the University of
Heidelberg and a Sat her lecturer
at the University of California,
is being sponsored by the Stan
ford Philological Association.
Guests will be welcome.
"Seneca's Tragedies" is 1 h e
topic of a lecture by Professor
Victor Poschl to be presented this
afternoon at 4:15 p.m. in the
Lower Lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Poschl, Professor of Classical
Philology at the University of
Heidelberg and a Sat her lecturer
at the University of California,
is being sponsored by the Stan
ford Philological Association.
Guests will be welcome.
"Seneca's Tragedies" is 1 h e
topic of a lecture by Professor
Victor Poschl to be presented this
afternoon at 4:15 p.m. in the
Lower Lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Poschl, Professor of Classical
Philology at the University of
Heidelberg and a Sat her lecturer
at the University of California,
is being sponsored by the Stan
ford Philological Association.
Guests will be welcome.
"Seneca's Tragedies" is 1 h e
topic of a lecture by Professor
Victor Poschl to be presented this
afternoon at 4:15 p.m. in the
Lower Lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Poschl, Professor of Classical
Philology at the University of
Heidelberg and a Sat her lecturer
at the University of California,
is being sponsored by the Stan
ford Philological Association.
Guests will be welcome.
"Seneca's Tragedies" is 1 h e
topic of a lecture by Professor
Victor Poschl to be presented this
afternoon at 4:15 p.m. in the
Lower Lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Poschl, Professor of Classical
Philology at the University of
Heidelberg and a Sat her lecturer
at the University of California,
is being sponsored by the Stan
ford Philological Association.
Guests will be welcome.
