# The 						Inn Committee.
## 
### 
The coniniittee which was ap
pointed to formulate some plan for
opening the Inn on a co-operative
basis has been actively at work
since its appointment. It is gath
ering all data available and will
soon make an announcement of the
results of its efforts, including a
statement of probable expense of
board. Everything is being put
in such shape that the club may
begin operations with the opening
of next semester if the plan is car
ried out.
The coniniittee which was ap
pointed to formulate some plan for
opening the Inn on a co-operative
basis has been actively at work
since its appointment. It is gath
ering all data available and will
soon make an announcement of the
results of its efforts, including a
statement of probable expense of
board. Everything is being put
in such shape that the club may
begin operations with the opening
of next semester if the plan is car
ried out.
The coniniittee which was ap
pointed to formulate some plan for
opening the Inn on a co-operative
basis has been actively at work
since its appointment. It is gath
ering all data available and will
soon make an announcement of the
results of its efforts, including a
statement of probable expense of
board. Everything is being put
in such shape that the club may
begin operations with the opening
of next semester if the plan is car
ried out.
The coniniittee which was ap
pointed to formulate some plan for
opening the Inn on a co-operative
basis has been actively at work
since its appointment. It is gath
ering all data available and will
soon make an announcement of the
results of its efforts, including a
statement of probable expense of
board. Everything is being put
in such shape that the club may
begin operations with the opening
of next semester if the plan is car
ried out.
The coniniittee which was ap
pointed to formulate some plan for
opening the Inn on a co-operative
basis has been actively at work
since its appointment. It is gath
ering all data available and will
soon make an announcement of the
results of its efforts, including a
statement of probable expense of
board. Everything is being put
in such shape that the club may
begin operations with the opening
of next semester if the plan is car
ried out.
The coniniittee which was ap
pointed to formulate some plan for
opening the Inn on a co-operative
basis has been actively at work
since its appointment. It is gath
ering all data available and will
soon make an announcement of the
results of its efforts, including a
statement of probable expense of
board. Everything is being put
in such shape that the club may
begin operations with the opening
of next semester if the plan is car
ried out.
The coniniittee which was ap
pointed to formulate some plan for
opening the Inn on a co-operative
basis has been actively at work
since its appointment. It is gath
ering all data available and will
soon make an announcement of the
results of its efforts, including a
statement of probable expense of
board. Everything is being put
in such shape that the club may
begin operations with the opening
of next semester if the plan is car
ried out.
The coniniittee which was ap
pointed to formulate some plan for
opening the Inn on a co-operative
basis has been actively at work
since its appointment. It is gath
ering all data available and will
soon make an announcement of the
results of its efforts, including a
statement of probable expense of
board. Everything is being put
in such shape that the club may
begin operations with the opening
of next semester if the plan is car
ried out.
