# Dr. G.E. Howard Honored.
## 
### 
Dr. George Elliott Howard, late
professor of History in Stanford,
lias been invited by Professor
Schurman to give work in the Cor
nell slimmer school, and has ac
cepted the invitation. Dr. Howard
is now in Lincoln, Nebraska,
whence he will shortly go with
Mrs. Howard to Cambridge, Mass.
Dr. George Elliott Howard, late
professor of History in Stanford,
lias been invited by Professor
Schurman to give work in the Cor
nell slimmer school, and has ac
cepted the invitation. Dr. Howard
is now in Lincoln, Nebraska,
whence he will shortly go with
Mrs. Howard to Cambridge, Mass.
Dr. George Elliott Howard, late
professor of History in Stanford,
lias been invited by Professor
Schurman to give work in the Cor
nell slimmer school, and has ac
cepted the invitation. Dr. Howard
is now in Lincoln, Nebraska,
whence he will shortly go with
Mrs. Howard to Cambridge, Mass.
Dr. George Elliott Howard, late
professor of History in Stanford,
lias been invited by Professor
Schurman to give work in the Cor
nell slimmer school, and has ac
cepted the invitation. Dr. Howard
is now in Lincoln, Nebraska,
whence he will shortly go with
Mrs. Howard to Cambridge, Mass.
Dr. George Elliott Howard, late
professor of History in Stanford,
lias been invited by Professor
Schurman to give work in the Cor
nell slimmer school, and has ac
cepted the invitation. Dr. Howard
is now in Lincoln, Nebraska,
whence he will shortly go with
Mrs. Howard to Cambridge, Mass.
Dr. George Elliott Howard, late
professor of History in Stanford,
lias been invited by Professor
Schurman to give work in the Cor
nell slimmer school, and has ac
cepted the invitation. Dr. Howard
is now in Lincoln, Nebraska,
whence he will shortly go with
Mrs. Howard to Cambridge, Mass.
Dr. George Elliott Howard, late
professor of History in Stanford,
lias been invited by Professor
Schurman to give work in the Cor
nell slimmer school, and has ac
cepted the invitation. Dr. Howard
is now in Lincoln, Nebraska,
whence he will shortly go with
Mrs. Howard to Cambridge, Mass.
Dr. George Elliott Howard, late
professor of History in Stanford,
lias been invited by Professor
Schurman to give work in the Cor
nell slimmer school, and has ac
cepted the invitation. Dr. Howard
is now in Lincoln, Nebraska,
whence he will shortly go with
Mrs. Howard to Cambridge, Mass.
