# Australian Concert Pianist In Dinkelspiel
## 
### 
Vladimir Pleshakov, Austral
ian concert pianist now study
ing at Stanford, will present a
free concert at 8 p.m. Tuesday,
May 7, in Dinkelspiel.
The program will feature a
sonata written in 1954 by Stan
ford Music Prof. Leonard Rat
ner. Pleshakov will also play
Mozart's "Sontat in A minor";
Bach's "Well-Tempered Clav
ier"; Chopin's "Scherzo No. 3";
Prokofiev's "Sonata No. 7"; and
Bartok's "Fifteen Hungarian
Peasant Songs."
Pleshakov made his debut at
the age of 16 with the Sydney
Sympathy Orchestra, and since
then has performed frequently
with major Australian orches
tras and on radio. He was a win
ner in the Australian Concerto
Competition.
Since coming to the U.S. two
years ago he has toured ex
tensively through this country
and Canada. He is a D.M.A. can
didate and also studying with
Adolph Bailer. He is an in
structor in piano at the Menlo
Park branch of the Yehudi Men
uhin School of Music.
