# Dear Wally
## 
### 
"They that have sown the wind . v
shall reap the whirlwind ..."
Hosea 8:7
"They that have sown the wind . v
shall reap the whirlwind ..."
Hosea 8:7
"They that have sown the wind . v
shall reap the whirlwind ..."
Hosea 8:7
"They that have sown the wind . v
shall reap the whirlwind ..."
Hosea 8:7
"They that have sown the wind . v
shall reap the whirlwind ..."
Hosea 8:7
"They that have sown the wind . v
shall reap the whirlwind ..."
Hosea 8:7
"They that have sown the wind . v
shall reap the whirlwind ..."
Hosea 8:7
"They that have sown the wind . v
shall reap the whirlwind ..."
Hosea 8:7
"They that have sown the wind . v
shall reap the whirlwind ..."
Hosea 8:7
"They that have sown the wind . v
shall reap the whirlwind ..."
Hosea 8:7
"They that have sown the wind . v
shall reap the whirlwind ..."
Hosea 8:7
"They that have sown the wind . v
shall reap the whirlwind ..."
Hosea 8:7
"They that have sown the wind . v
shall reap the whirlwind ..."
Hosea 8:7
"They that have sown the wind . v
shall reap the whirlwind ..."
Hosea 8:7
