# Card Volleyball Team Headed For Nationals
## 
### 
A ten-man contingent of Stan
ford volleyball players heads
north to Portland, Oregon Tues
day to compete in the National
Volleyball Chamiponships. The
tournament, also the tryout for
the 1968 Men's and Women's
Olympic teams, will be held
May 8-11 at the Portland State
gymnasium.
The Stanford team has been
pointing for this tournament all
year, as they have been playing
together in tournaments since
early December. In this their
first year of organization, the In
dians have met with consider
able success, having won sev
eral Northern California tourna
ments as well as having defeat
ed nationally-ranked Olympic
Club of San Francisco and the
top-billed collegiate team, San
Diego State.
The Tribe, who will compete
this year in both the open and
the collegiate divisions, have
high hopes for the future as

well, since all but two of the
team is comprised of under
classmen. The following ten
players, down from an original
group of 25, will make the trip
to Portland: Erik B. Rhino, Mi
chael Stevens, P. W. Montesa
Burch, James Julian, Jeffrey
Pierose, Mike Moore, Roger
Laverty 111, Bonny Banks,
James Ingram, and Chris Mc-
Lachlin.
A ten-man contingent of Stan
ford volleyball players heads
north to Portland, Oregon Tues
day to compete in the National
Volleyball Chamiponships. The
tournament, also the tryout for
the 1968 Men's and Women's
Olympic teams, will be held
May 8-11 at the Portland State
gymnasium.
The Stanford team has been
pointing for this tournament all
year, as they have been playing
together in tournaments since
early December. In this their
first year of organization, the In
dians have met with consider
able success, having won sev
eral Northern California tourna
ments as well as having defeat
ed nationally-ranked Olympic
Club of San Francisco and the
top-billed collegiate team, San
Diego State.
The Tribe, who will compete
this year in both the open and
the collegiate divisions, have
high hopes for the future as

well, since all but two of the
team is comprised of under
classmen. The following ten
players, down from an original
group of 25, will make the trip
to Portland: Erik B. Rhino, Mi
chael Stevens, P. W. Montesa
Burch, James Julian, Jeffrey
Pierose, Mike Moore, Roger
Laverty 111, Bonny Banks,
James Ingram, and Chris Mc-
Lachlin.
A ten-man contingent of Stan
ford volleyball players heads
north to Portland, Oregon Tues
day to compete in the National
Volleyball Chamiponships. The
tournament, also the tryout for
the 1968 Men's and Women's
Olympic teams, will be held
May 8-11 at the Portland State
gymnasium.
The Stanford team has been
pointing for this tournament all
year, as they have been playing
together in tournaments since
early December. In this their
first year of organization, the In
dians have met with consider
able success, having won sev
eral Northern California tourna
ments as well as having defeat
ed nationally-ranked Olympic
Club of San Francisco and the
top-billed collegiate team, San
Diego State.
The Tribe, who will compete
this year in both the open and
the collegiate divisions, have
high hopes for the future as

well, since all but two of the
team is comprised of under
classmen. The following ten
players, down from an original
group of 25, will make the trip
to Portland: Erik B. Rhino, Mi
chael Stevens, P. W. Montesa
Burch, James Julian, Jeffrey
Pierose, Mike Moore, Roger
Laverty 111, Bonny Banks,
James Ingram, and Chris Mc-
Lachlin.
A ten-man contingent of Stan
ford volleyball players heads
north to Portland, Oregon Tues
day to compete in the National
Volleyball Chamiponships. The
tournament, also the tryout for
the 1968 Men's and Women's
Olympic teams, will be held
May 8-11 at the Portland State
gymnasium.
The Stanford team has been
pointing for this tournament all
year, as they have been playing
together in tournaments since
early December. In this their
first year of organization, the In
dians have met with consider
able success, having won sev
eral Northern California tourna
ments as well as having defeat
ed nationally-ranked Olympic
Club of San Francisco and the
top-billed collegiate team, San
Diego State.
The Tribe, who will compete
this year in both the open and
the collegiate divisions, have
high hopes for the future as

well, since all but two of the
team is comprised of under
classmen. The following ten
players, down from an original
group of 25, will make the trip
to Portland: Erik B. Rhino, Mi
chael Stevens, P. W. Montesa
Burch, James Julian, Jeffrey
Pierose, Mike Moore, Roger
Laverty 111, Bonny Banks,
James Ingram, and Chris Mc-
Lachlin.
A ten-man contingent of Stan
ford volleyball players heads
north to Portland, Oregon Tues
day to compete in the National
Volleyball Chamiponships. The
tournament, also the tryout for
the 1968 Men's and Women's
Olympic teams, will be held
May 8-11 at the Portland State
gymnasium.
The Stanford team has been
pointing for this tournament all
year, as they have been playing
together in tournaments since
early December. In this their
first year of organization, the In
dians have met with consider
able success, having won sev
eral Northern California tourna
ments as well as having defeat
ed nationally-ranked Olympic
Club of San Francisco and the
top-billed collegiate team, San
Diego State.
The Tribe, who will compete
this year in both the open and
the collegiate divisions, have
high hopes for the future as

well, since all but two of the
team is comprised of under
classmen. The following ten
players, down from an original
group of 25, will make the trip
to Portland: Erik B. Rhino, Mi
chael Stevens, P. W. Montesa
Burch, James Julian, Jeffrey
Pierose, Mike Moore, Roger
Laverty 111, Bonny Banks,
James Ingram, and Chris Mc-
Lachlin.
A ten-man contingent of Stan
ford volleyball players heads
north to Portland, Oregon Tues
day to compete in the National
Volleyball Chamiponships. The
tournament, also the tryout for
the 1968 Men's and Women's
Olympic teams, will be held
May 8-11 at the Portland State
gymnasium.
The Stanford team has been
pointing for this tournament all
year, as they have been playing
together in tournaments since
early December. In this their
first year of organization, the In
dians have met with consider
able success, having won sev
eral Northern California tourna
ments as well as having defeat
ed nationally-ranked Olympic
Club of San Francisco and the
top-billed collegiate team, San
Diego State.
The Tribe, who will compete
this year in both the open and
the collegiate divisions, have
high hopes for the future as

well, since all but two of the
team is comprised of under
classmen. The following ten
players, down from an original
group of 25, will make the trip
to Portland: Erik B. Rhino, Mi
chael Stevens, P. W. Montesa
Burch, James Julian, Jeffrey
Pierose, Mike Moore, Roger
Laverty 111, Bonny Banks,
James Ingram, and Chris Mc-
Lachlin.
A ten-man contingent of Stan
ford volleyball players heads
north to Portland, Oregon Tues
day to compete in the National
Volleyball Chamiponships. The
tournament, also the tryout for
the 1968 Men's and Women's
Olympic teams, will be held
May 8-11 at the Portland State
gymnasium.
The Stanford team has been
pointing for this tournament all
year, as they have been playing
together in tournaments since
early December. In this their
first year of organization, the In
dians have met with consider
able success, having won sev
eral Northern California tourna
ments as well as having defeat
ed nationally-ranked Olympic
Club of San Francisco and the
top-billed collegiate team, San
Diego State.
The Tribe, who will compete
this year in both the open and
the collegiate divisions, have
high hopes for the future as

well, since all but two of the
team is comprised of under
classmen. The following ten
players, down from an original
group of 25, will make the trip
to Portland: Erik B. Rhino, Mi
chael Stevens, P. W. Montesa
Burch, James Julian, Jeffrey
Pierose, Mike Moore, Roger
Laverty 111, Bonny Banks,
James Ingram, and Chris Mc-
Lachlin.
A ten-man contingent of Stan
ford volleyball players heads
north to Portland, Oregon Tues
day to compete in the National
Volleyball Chamiponships. The
tournament, also the tryout for
the 1968 Men's and Women's
Olympic teams, will be held
May 8-11 at the Portland State
gymnasium.
The Stanford team has been
pointing for this tournament all
year, as they have been playing
together in tournaments since
early December. In this their
first year of organization, the In
dians have met with consider
able success, having won sev
eral Northern California tourna
ments as well as having defeat
ed nationally-ranked Olympic
Club of San Francisco and the
top-billed collegiate team, San
Diego State.
The Tribe, who will compete
this year in both the open and
the collegiate divisions, have
high hopes for the future as

well, since all but two of the
team is comprised of under
classmen. The following ten
players, down from an original
group of 25, will make the trip
to Portland: Erik B. Rhino, Mi
chael Stevens, P. W. Montesa
Burch, James Julian, Jeffrey
Pierose, Mike Moore, Roger
Laverty 111, Bonny Banks,
James Ingram, and Chris Mc-
Lachlin.
A ten-man contingent of Stan
ford volleyball players heads
north to Portland, Oregon Tues
day to compete in the National
Volleyball Chamiponships. The
tournament, also the tryout for
the 1968 Men's and Women's
Olympic teams, will be held
May 8-11 at the Portland State
gymnasium.
The Stanford team has been
pointing for this tournament all
year, as they have been playing
together in tournaments since
early December. In this their
first year of organization, the In
dians have met with consider
able success, having won sev
eral Northern California tourna
ments as well as having defeat
ed nationally-ranked Olympic
Club of San Francisco and the
top-billed collegiate team, San
Diego State.
The Tribe, who will compete
this year in both the open and
the collegiate divisions, have
high hopes for the future as

well, since all but two of the
team is comprised of under
classmen. The following ten
players, down from an original
group of 25, will make the trip
to Portland: Erik B. Rhino, Mi
chael Stevens, P. W. Montesa
Burch, James Julian, Jeffrey
Pierose, Mike Moore, Roger
Laverty 111, Bonny Banks,
James Ingram, and Chris Mc-
Lachlin.
A ten-man contingent of Stan
ford volleyball players heads
north to Portland, Oregon Tues
day to compete in the National
Volleyball Chamiponships. The
tournament, also the tryout for
the 1968 Men's and Women's
Olympic teams, will be held
May 8-11 at the Portland State
gymnasium.
The Stanford team has been
pointing for this tournament all
year, as they have been playing
together in tournaments since
early December. In this their
first year of organization, the In
dians have met with consider
able success, having won sev
eral Northern California tourna
ments as well as having defeat
ed nationally-ranked Olympic
Club of San Francisco and the
top-billed collegiate team, San
Diego State.
The Tribe, who will compete
this year in both the open and
the collegiate divisions, have
high hopes for the future as

well, since all but two of the
team is comprised of under
classmen. The following ten
players, down from an original
group of 25, will make the trip
to Portland: Erik B. Rhino, Mi
chael Stevens, P. W. Montesa
Burch, James Julian, Jeffrey
Pierose, Mike Moore, Roger
Laverty 111, Bonny Banks,
James Ingram, and Chris Mc-
Lachlin.
A ten-man contingent of Stan
ford volleyball players heads
north to Portland, Oregon Tues
day to compete in the National
Volleyball Chamiponships. The
tournament, also the tryout for
the 1968 Men's and Women's
Olympic teams, will be held
May 8-11 at the Portland State
gymnasium.
The Stanford team has been
pointing for this tournament all
year, as they have been playing
together in tournaments since
early December. In this their
first year of organization, the In
dians have met with consider
able success, having won sev
eral Northern California tourna
ments as well as having defeat
ed nationally-ranked Olympic
Club of San Francisco and the
top-billed collegiate team, San
Diego State.
The Tribe, who will compete
this year in both the open and
the collegiate divisions, have
high hopes for the future as

well, since all but two of the
team is comprised of under
classmen. The following ten
players, down from an original
group of 25, will make the trip
to Portland: Erik B. Rhino, Mi
chael Stevens, P. W. Montesa
Burch, James Julian, Jeffrey
Pierose, Mike Moore, Roger
Laverty 111, Bonny Banks,
James Ingram, and Chris Mc-
Lachlin.
A ten-man contingent of Stan
ford volleyball players heads
north to Portland, Oregon Tues
day to compete in the National
Volleyball Chamiponships. The
tournament, also the tryout for
the 1968 Men's and Women's
Olympic teams, will be held
May 8-11 at the Portland State
gymnasium.
The Stanford team has been
pointing for this tournament all
year, as they have been playing
together in tournaments since
early December. In this their
first year of organization, the In
dians have met with consider
able success, having won sev
eral Northern California tourna
ments as well as having defeat
ed nationally-ranked Olympic
Club of San Francisco and the
top-billed collegiate team, San
Diego State.
The Tribe, who will compete
this year in both the open and
the collegiate divisions, have
high hopes for the future as

well, since all but two of the
team is comprised of under
classmen. The following ten
players, down from an original
group of 25, will make the trip
to Portland: Erik B. Rhino, Mi
chael Stevens, P. W. Montesa
Burch, James Julian, Jeffrey
Pierose, Mike Moore, Roger
Laverty 111, Bonny Banks,
James Ingram, and Chris Mc-
Lachlin.
A ten-man contingent of Stan
ford volleyball players heads
north to Portland, Oregon Tues
day to compete in the National
Volleyball Chamiponships. The
tournament, also the tryout for
the 1968 Men's and Women's
Olympic teams, will be held
May 8-11 at the Portland State
gymnasium.
The Stanford team has been
pointing for this tournament all
year, as they have been playing
together in tournaments since
early December. In this their
first year of organization, the In
dians have met with consider
able success, having won sev
eral Northern California tourna
ments as well as having defeat
ed nationally-ranked Olympic
Club of San Francisco and the
top-billed collegiate team, San
Diego State.
The Tribe, who will compete
this year in both the open and
the collegiate divisions, have
high hopes for the future as

well, since all but two of the
team is comprised of under
classmen. The following ten
players, down from an original
group of 25, will make the trip
to Portland: Erik B. Rhino, Mi
chael Stevens, P. W. Montesa
Burch, James Julian, Jeffrey
Pierose, Mike Moore, Roger
Laverty 111, Bonny Banks,
James Ingram, and Chris Mc-
Lachlin.
A ten-man contingent of Stan
ford volleyball players heads
north to Portland, Oregon Tues
day to compete in the National
Volleyball Chamiponships. The
tournament, also the tryout for
the 1968 Men's and Women's
Olympic teams, will be held
May 8-11 at the Portland State
gymnasium.
The Stanford team has been
pointing for this tournament all
year, as they have been playing
together in tournaments since
early December. In this their
first year of organization, the In
dians have met with consider
able success, having won sev
eral Northern California tourna
ments as well as having defeat
ed nationally-ranked Olympic
Club of San Francisco and the
top-billed collegiate team, San
Diego State.
The Tribe, who will compete
this year in both the open and
the collegiate divisions, have
high hopes for the future as

well, since all but two of the
team is comprised of under
classmen. The following ten
players, down from an original
group of 25, will make the trip
to Portland: Erik B. Rhino, Mi
chael Stevens, P. W. Montesa
Burch, James Julian, Jeffrey
Pierose, Mike Moore, Roger
Laverty 111, Bonny Banks,
James Ingram, and Chris Mc-
Lachlin.
