# WOMEN'S INTEREST IN SPORTS ON INCREASE
## 
### 
There is more individual interest
shown in women's sports this year than
ever before, according to records of
the women's physical training depart
ment. Ninety-five women have elected
work in this department, and of this
number, 54 members of the four class
basketball teams receive no university
credit. Seven women have elected the
course in playground work, a new addi
tion to the schedule of the department,
eight have elected gymnastics and six
are registered in the theory of gymnas
itcs.
There is more individual interest
shown in women's sports this year than
ever before, according to records of
the women's physical training depart
ment. Ninety-five women have elected
work in this department, and of this
number, 54 members of the four class
basketball teams receive no university
credit. Seven women have elected the
course in playground work, a new addi
tion to the schedule of the department,
eight have elected gymnastics and six
are registered in the theory of gymnas
itcs.
There is more individual interest
shown in women's sports this year than
ever before, according to records of
the women's physical training depart
ment. Ninety-five women have elected
work in this department, and of this
number, 54 members of the four class
basketball teams receive no university
credit. Seven women have elected the
course in playground work, a new addi
tion to the schedule of the department,
eight have elected gymnastics and six
are registered in the theory of gymnas
itcs.
There is more individual interest
shown in women's sports this year than
ever before, according to records of
the women's physical training depart
ment. Ninety-five women have elected
work in this department, and of this
number, 54 members of the four class
basketball teams receive no university
credit. Seven women have elected the
course in playground work, a new addi
tion to the schedule of the department,
eight have elected gymnastics and six
are registered in the theory of gymnas
itcs.
There is more individual interest
shown in women's sports this year than
ever before, according to records of
the women's physical training depart
ment. Ninety-five women have elected
work in this department, and of this
number, 54 members of the four class
basketball teams receive no university
credit. Seven women have elected the
course in playground work, a new addi
tion to the schedule of the department,
eight have elected gymnastics and six
are registered in the theory of gymnas
itcs.
There is more individual interest
shown in women's sports this year than
ever before, according to records of
the women's physical training depart
ment. Ninety-five women have elected
work in this department, and of this
number, 54 members of the four class
basketball teams receive no university
credit. Seven women have elected the
course in playground work, a new addi
tion to the schedule of the department,
eight have elected gymnastics and six
are registered in the theory of gymnas
itcs.
There is more individual interest
shown in women's sports this year than
ever before, according to records of
the women's physical training depart
ment. Ninety-five women have elected
work in this department, and of this
number, 54 members of the four class
basketball teams receive no university
credit. Seven women have elected the
course in playground work, a new addi
tion to the schedule of the department,
eight have elected gymnastics and six
are registered in the theory of gymnas
itcs.
There is more individual interest
shown in women's sports this year than
ever before, according to records of
the women's physical training depart
ment. Ninety-five women have elected
work in this department, and of this
number, 54 members of the four class
basketball teams receive no university
credit. Seven women have elected the
course in playground work, a new addi
tion to the schedule of the department,
eight have elected gymnastics and six
are registered in the theory of gymnas
itcs.
There is more individual interest
shown in women's sports this year than
ever before, according to records of
the women's physical training depart
ment. Ninety-five women have elected
work in this department, and of this
number, 54 members of the four class
basketball teams receive no university
credit. Seven women have elected the
course in playground work, a new addi
tion to the schedule of the department,
eight have elected gymnastics and six
are registered in the theory of gymnas
itcs.
There is more individual interest
shown in women's sports this year than
ever before, according to records of
the women's physical training depart
ment. Ninety-five women have elected
work in this department, and of this
number, 54 members of the four class
basketball teams receive no university
credit. Seven women have elected the
course in playground work, a new addi
tion to the schedule of the department,
eight have elected gymnastics and six
are registered in the theory of gymnas
itcs.
There is more individual interest
shown in women's sports this year than
ever before, according to records of
the women's physical training depart
ment. Ninety-five women have elected
work in this department, and of this
number, 54 members of the four class
basketball teams receive no university
credit. Seven women have elected the
course in playground work, a new addi
tion to the schedule of the department,
eight have elected gymnastics and six
are registered in the theory of gymnas
itcs.
There is more individual interest
shown in women's sports this year than
ever before, according to records of
the women's physical training depart
ment. Ninety-five women have elected
work in this department, and of this
number, 54 members of the four class
basketball teams receive no university
credit. Seven women have elected the
course in playground work, a new addi
tion to the schedule of the department,
eight have elected gymnastics and six
are registered in the theory of gymnas
itcs.
