# THIRD TENNIS TRY-OUTS PREVENTED BY WEATHER
## Invitations for Matches With Harvard, Occidental, and Pomona Received by Racket Wielders. 
### 
Owing to the rainstorm, the third
try-out tennis tournament scheduled
for Saturday, the purpose of choosing
members of the team to represent
Stanford in the April contest with
California has been postponed for a
week.
Possibilities for a series of matches
with the Colleges of Occidental and
Pomona are very bright, as letters
from these two institutions have been
received within the past week nego
tiating for games with the Stanford
players. Guarantees for payment of
partial expenses were offered as an
additional inducement.
R. L. Murray, '13, recently received
a communication from the captain of
the tennis team of Harvard Univer
sity, inquiring about the construction
of the Stanford courts, and also sug
gesting that the two colleges engage in
tennis competition, if such an arrange
ment were possible. The Stanford
tennis authorities have taken the mat
ter under discussion and negotiations
are already under way for a meeting
between the Crimson and the Cardinal.
Owing to the rainstorm, the third
try-out tennis tournament scheduled
for Saturday, the purpose of choosing
members of the team to represent
Stanford in the April contest with
California has been postponed for a
week.
Possibilities for a series of matches
with the Colleges of Occidental and
Pomona are very bright, as letters
from these two institutions have been
received within the past week nego
tiating for games with the Stanford
players. Guarantees for payment of
partial expenses were offered as an
additional inducement.
R. L. Murray, '13, recently received
a communication from the captain of
the tennis team of Harvard Univer
sity, inquiring about the construction
of the Stanford courts, and also sug
gesting that the two colleges engage in
tennis competition, if such an arrange
ment were possible. The Stanford
tennis authorities have taken the mat
ter under discussion and negotiations
are already under way for a meeting
between the Crimson and the Cardinal.
Owing to the rainstorm, the third
try-out tennis tournament scheduled
for Saturday, the purpose of choosing
members of the team to represent
Stanford in the April contest with
California has been postponed for a
week.
Possibilities for a series of matches
with the Colleges of Occidental and
Pomona are very bright, as letters
from these two institutions have been
received within the past week nego
tiating for games with the Stanford
players. Guarantees for payment of
partial expenses were offered as an
additional inducement.
R. L. Murray, '13, recently received
a communication from the captain of
the tennis team of Harvard Univer
sity, inquiring about the construction
of the Stanford courts, and also sug
gesting that the two colleges engage in
tennis competition, if such an arrange
ment were possible. The Stanford
tennis authorities have taken the mat
ter under discussion and negotiations
are already under way for a meeting
between the Crimson and the Cardinal.
Owing to the rainstorm, the third
try-out tennis tournament scheduled
for Saturday, the purpose of choosing
members of the team to represent
Stanford in the April contest with
California has been postponed for a
week.
Possibilities for a series of matches
with the Colleges of Occidental and
Pomona are very bright, as letters
from these two institutions have been
received within the past week nego
tiating for games with the Stanford
players. Guarantees for payment of
partial expenses were offered as an
additional inducement.
R. L. Murray, '13, recently received
a communication from the captain of
the tennis team of Harvard Univer
sity, inquiring about the construction
of the Stanford courts, and also sug
gesting that the two colleges engage in
tennis competition, if such an arrange
ment were possible. The Stanford
tennis authorities have taken the mat
ter under discussion and negotiations
are already under way for a meeting
between the Crimson and the Cardinal.
Owing to the rainstorm, the third
try-out tennis tournament scheduled
for Saturday, the purpose of choosing
members of the team to represent
Stanford in the April contest with
California has been postponed for a
week.
Possibilities for a series of matches
with the Colleges of Occidental and
Pomona are very bright, as letters
from these two institutions have been
received within the past week nego
tiating for games with the Stanford
players. Guarantees for payment of
partial expenses were offered as an
additional inducement.
R. L. Murray, '13, recently received
a communication from the captain of
the tennis team of Harvard Univer
sity, inquiring about the construction
of the Stanford courts, and also sug
gesting that the two colleges engage in
tennis competition, if such an arrange
ment were possible. The Stanford
tennis authorities have taken the mat
ter under discussion and negotiations
are already under way for a meeting
between the Crimson and the Cardinal.
Owing to the rainstorm, the third
try-out tennis tournament scheduled
for Saturday, the purpose of choosing
members of the team to represent
Stanford in the April contest with
California has been postponed for a
week.
Possibilities for a series of matches
with the Colleges of Occidental and
Pomona are very bright, as letters
from these two institutions have been
received within the past week nego
tiating for games with the Stanford
players. Guarantees for payment of
partial expenses were offered as an
additional inducement.
R. L. Murray, '13, recently received
a communication from the captain of
the tennis team of Harvard Univer
sity, inquiring about the construction
of the Stanford courts, and also sug
gesting that the two colleges engage in
tennis competition, if such an arrange
ment were possible. The Stanford
tennis authorities have taken the mat
ter under discussion and negotiations
are already under way for a meeting
between the Crimson and the Cardinal.
Owing to the rainstorm, the third
try-out tennis tournament scheduled
for Saturday, the purpose of choosing
members of the team to represent
Stanford in the April contest with
California has been postponed for a
week.
Possibilities for a series of matches
with the Colleges of Occidental and
Pomona are very bright, as letters
from these two institutions have been
received within the past week nego
tiating for games with the Stanford
players. Guarantees for payment of
partial expenses were offered as an
additional inducement.
R. L. Murray, '13, recently received
a communication from the captain of
the tennis team of Harvard Univer
sity, inquiring about the construction
of the Stanford courts, and also sug
gesting that the two colleges engage in
tennis competition, if such an arrange
ment were possible. The Stanford
tennis authorities have taken the mat
ter under discussion and negotiations
are already under way for a meeting
between the Crimson and the Cardinal.
Owing to the rainstorm, the third
try-out tennis tournament scheduled
for Saturday, the purpose of choosing
members of the team to represent
Stanford in the April contest with
California has been postponed for a
week.
Possibilities for a series of matches
with the Colleges of Occidental and
Pomona are very bright, as letters
from these two institutions have been
received within the past week nego
tiating for games with the Stanford
players. Guarantees for payment of
partial expenses were offered as an
additional inducement.
R. L. Murray, '13, recently received
a communication from the captain of
the tennis team of Harvard Univer
sity, inquiring about the construction
of the Stanford courts, and also sug
gesting that the two colleges engage in
tennis competition, if such an arrange
ment were possible. The Stanford
tennis authorities have taken the mat
ter under discussion and negotiations
are already under way for a meeting
between the Crimson and the Cardinal.
Owing to the rainstorm, the third
try-out tennis tournament scheduled
for Saturday, the purpose of choosing
members of the team to represent
Stanford in the April contest with
California has been postponed for a
week.
Possibilities for a series of matches
with the Colleges of Occidental and
Pomona are very bright, as letters
from these two institutions have been
received within the past week nego
tiating for games with the Stanford
players. Guarantees for payment of
partial expenses were offered as an
additional inducement.
R. L. Murray, '13, recently received
a communication from the captain of
the tennis team of Harvard Univer
sity, inquiring about the construction
of the Stanford courts, and also sug
gesting that the two colleges engage in
tennis competition, if such an arrange
ment were possible. The Stanford
tennis authorities have taken the mat
ter under discussion and negotiations
are already under way for a meeting
between the Crimson and the Cardinal.
Owing to the rainstorm, the third
try-out tennis tournament scheduled
for Saturday, the purpose of choosing
members of the team to represent
Stanford in the April contest with
California has been postponed for a
week.
Possibilities for a series of matches
with the Colleges of Occidental and
Pomona are very bright, as letters
from these two institutions have been
received within the past week nego
tiating for games with the Stanford
players. Guarantees for payment of
partial expenses were offered as an
additional inducement.
R. L. Murray, '13, recently received
a communication from the captain of
the tennis team of Harvard Univer
sity, inquiring about the construction
of the Stanford courts, and also sug
gesting that the two colleges engage in
tennis competition, if such an arrange
ment were possible. The Stanford
tennis authorities have taken the mat
ter under discussion and negotiations
are already under way for a meeting
between the Crimson and the Cardinal.
Owing to the rainstorm, the third
try-out tennis tournament scheduled
for Saturday, the purpose of choosing
members of the team to represent
Stanford in the April contest with
California has been postponed for a
week.
Possibilities for a series of matches
with the Colleges of Occidental and
Pomona are very bright, as letters
from these two institutions have been
received within the past week nego
tiating for games with the Stanford
players. Guarantees for payment of
partial expenses were offered as an
additional inducement.
R. L. Murray, '13, recently received
a communication from the captain of
the tennis team of Harvard Univer
sity, inquiring about the construction
of the Stanford courts, and also sug
gesting that the two colleges engage in
tennis competition, if such an arrange
ment were possible. The Stanford
tennis authorities have taken the mat
ter under discussion and negotiations
are already under way for a meeting
between the Crimson and the Cardinal.
Owing to the rainstorm, the third
try-out tennis tournament scheduled
for Saturday, the purpose of choosing
members of the team to represent
Stanford in the April contest with
California has been postponed for a
week.
Possibilities for a series of matches
with the Colleges of Occidental and
Pomona are very bright, as letters
from these two institutions have been
received within the past week nego
tiating for games with the Stanford
players. Guarantees for payment of
partial expenses were offered as an
additional inducement.
R. L. Murray, '13, recently received
a communication from the captain of
the tennis team of Harvard Univer
sity, inquiring about the construction
of the Stanford courts, and also sug
gesting that the two colleges engage in
tennis competition, if such an arrange
ment were possible. The Stanford
tennis authorities have taken the mat
ter under discussion and negotiations
are already under way for a meeting
between the Crimson and the Cardinal.
Owing to the rainstorm, the third
try-out tennis tournament scheduled
for Saturday, the purpose of choosing
members of the team to represent
Stanford in the April contest with
California has been postponed for a
week.
Possibilities for a series of matches
with the Colleges of Occidental and
Pomona are very bright, as letters
from these two institutions have been
received within the past week nego
tiating for games with the Stanford
players. Guarantees for payment of
partial expenses were offered as an
additional inducement.
R. L. Murray, '13, recently received
a communication from the captain of
the tennis team of Harvard Univer
sity, inquiring about the construction
of the Stanford courts, and also sug
gesting that the two colleges engage in
tennis competition, if such an arrange
ment were possible. The Stanford
tennis authorities have taken the mat
ter under discussion and negotiations
are already under way for a meeting
between the Crimson and the Cardinal.
