# Glee Club Sings in San Jose Friday.
## 
### 
Tomorrow the Glee Club will sing at
the high school and Normal school in
San Jose. The club will leave the
Bookstore in a private car at 11:50.
The first concert will be given at the
high school in the early part of the
afternoon. Later in the afternoon the
club will sing at the Normal school,
where the member will be entertained
after the program.
Tomorrow the Glee Club will sing at
the high school and Normal school in
San Jose. The club will leave the
Bookstore in a private car at 11:50.
The first concert will be given at the
high school in the early part of the
afternoon. Later in the afternoon the
club will sing at the Normal school,
where the member will be entertained
after the program.
Tomorrow the Glee Club will sing at
the high school and Normal school in
San Jose. The club will leave the
Bookstore in a private car at 11:50.
The first concert will be given at the
high school in the early part of the
afternoon. Later in the afternoon the
club will sing at the Normal school,
where the member will be entertained
after the program.
Tomorrow the Glee Club will sing at
the high school and Normal school in
San Jose. The club will leave the
Bookstore in a private car at 11:50.
The first concert will be given at the
high school in the early part of the
afternoon. Later in the afternoon the
club will sing at the Normal school,
where the member will be entertained
after the program.
Tomorrow the Glee Club will sing at
the high school and Normal school in
San Jose. The club will leave the
Bookstore in a private car at 11:50.
The first concert will be given at the
high school in the early part of the
afternoon. Later in the afternoon the
club will sing at the Normal school,
where the member will be entertained
after the program.
Tomorrow the Glee Club will sing at
the high school and Normal school in
San Jose. The club will leave the
Bookstore in a private car at 11:50.
The first concert will be given at the
high school in the early part of the
afternoon. Later in the afternoon the
club will sing at the Normal school,
where the member will be entertained
after the program.
Tomorrow the Glee Club will sing at
the high school and Normal school in
San Jose. The club will leave the
Bookstore in a private car at 11:50.
The first concert will be given at the
high school in the early part of the
afternoon. Later in the afternoon the
club will sing at the Normal school,
where the member will be entertained
after the program.
Tomorrow the Glee Club will sing at
the high school and Normal school in
San Jose. The club will leave the
Bookstore in a private car at 11:50.
The first concert will be given at the
high school in the early part of the
afternoon. Later in the afternoon the
club will sing at the Normal school,
where the member will be entertained
after the program.
Tomorrow the Glee Club will sing at
the high school and Normal school in
San Jose. The club will leave the
Bookstore in a private car at 11:50.
The first concert will be given at the
high school in the early part of the
afternoon. Later in the afternoon the
club will sing at the Normal school,
where the member will be entertained
after the program.
Tomorrow the Glee Club will sing at
the high school and Normal school in
San Jose. The club will leave the
Bookstore in a private car at 11:50.
The first concert will be given at the
high school in the early part of the
afternoon. Later in the afternoon the
club will sing at the Normal school,
where the member will be entertained
after the program.
Tomorrow the Glee Club will sing at
the high school and Normal school in
San Jose. The club will leave the
Bookstore in a private car at 11:50.
The first concert will be given at the
high school in the early part of the
afternoon. Later in the afternoon the
club will sing at the Normal school,
where the member will be entertained
after the program.
Tomorrow the Glee Club will sing at
the high school and Normal school in
San Jose. The club will leave the
Bookstore in a private car at 11:50.
The first concert will be given at the
high school in the early part of the
afternoon. Later in the afternoon the
club will sing at the Normal school,
where the member will be entertained
after the program.
Tomorrow the Glee Club will sing at
the high school and Normal school in
San Jose. The club will leave the
Bookstore in a private car at 11:50.
The first concert will be given at the
high school in the early part of the
afternoon. Later in the afternoon the
club will sing at the Normal school,
where the member will be entertained
after the program.
