# Press Club Initiates Three.
## 
### 
Press Club initiated R. M. Finch, '14,
F. J. Carmody, '15, and W. P. Stam
ford, '16, to membership. "Fowl play
on the Farm, or Waldo's Revenge was
the title of the two quacks and a
waddle presented on the Quad and at
the Post Office by the neophytes.
Press Club initiated R. M. Finch, '14,
F. J. Carmody, '15, and W. P. Stam
ford, '16, to membership. "Fowl play
on the Farm, or Waldo's Revenge was
the title of the two quacks and a
waddle presented on the Quad and at
the Post Office by the neophytes.
Press Club initiated R. M. Finch, '14,
F. J. Carmody, '15, and W. P. Stam
ford, '16, to membership. "Fowl play
on the Farm, or Waldo's Revenge was
the title of the two quacks and a
waddle presented on the Quad and at
the Post Office by the neophytes.
Press Club initiated R. M. Finch, '14,
F. J. Carmody, '15, and W. P. Stam
ford, '16, to membership. "Fowl play
on the Farm, or Waldo's Revenge was
the title of the two quacks and a
waddle presented on the Quad and at
the Post Office by the neophytes.
Press Club initiated R. M. Finch, '14,
F. J. Carmody, '15, and W. P. Stam
ford, '16, to membership. "Fowl play
on the Farm, or Waldo's Revenge was
the title of the two quacks and a
waddle presented on the Quad and at
the Post Office by the neophytes.
Press Club initiated R. M. Finch, '14,
F. J. Carmody, '15, and W. P. Stam
ford, '16, to membership. "Fowl play
on the Farm, or Waldo's Revenge was
the title of the two quacks and a
waddle presented on the Quad and at
the Post Office by the neophytes.
Press Club initiated R. M. Finch, '14,
F. J. Carmody, '15, and W. P. Stam
ford, '16, to membership. "Fowl play
on the Farm, or Waldo's Revenge was
the title of the two quacks and a
waddle presented on the Quad and at
the Post Office by the neophytes.
Press Club initiated R. M. Finch, '14,
F. J. Carmody, '15, and W. P. Stam
ford, '16, to membership. "Fowl play
on the Farm, or Waldo's Revenge was
the title of the two quacks and a
waddle presented on the Quad and at
the Post Office by the neophytes.
Press Club initiated R. M. Finch, '14,
F. J. Carmody, '15, and W. P. Stam
ford, '16, to membership. "Fowl play
on the Farm, or Waldo's Revenge was
the title of the two quacks and a
waddle presented on the Quad and at
the Post Office by the neophytes.
Press Club initiated R. M. Finch, '14,
F. J. Carmody, '15, and W. P. Stam
ford, '16, to membership. "Fowl play
on the Farm, or Waldo's Revenge was
the title of the two quacks and a
waddle presented on the Quad and at
the Post Office by the neophytes.
Press Club initiated R. M. Finch, '14,
F. J. Carmody, '15, and W. P. Stam
ford, '16, to membership. "Fowl play
on the Farm, or Waldo's Revenge was
the title of the two quacks and a
waddle presented on the Quad and at
the Post Office by the neophytes.
Press Club initiated R. M. Finch, '14,
F. J. Carmody, '15, and W. P. Stam
ford, '16, to membership. "Fowl play
on the Farm, or Waldo's Revenge was
the title of the two quacks and a
waddle presented on the Quad and at
the Post Office by the neophytes.
Press Club initiated R. M. Finch, '14,
F. J. Carmody, '15, and W. P. Stam
ford, '16, to membership. "Fowl play
on the Farm, or Waldo's Revenge was
the title of the two quacks and a
waddle presented on the Quad and at
the Post Office by the neophytes.
