# Adv. 38 Page 10
## 
### 
CARLYLE'S
Stanford's
Headquarters
for
ROLEX WATCHES
THE CONCEPT
OF ENDURANCE,
THE FACE OF
INTEGRITY
ROLEX FOR MEN AND WOMEN
. Expert watch repair on
premises by certified
horologist
LltrUp
>J lEWEI ERS
535 Bryant St.
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
Your Collage [aweler*
For Over 35 Year*
CARLYLE'S
Stanford's
Headquarters
for
ROLEX WATCHES
THE CONCEPT
OF ENDURANCE,
THE FACE OF
INTEGRITY
ROLEX FOR MEN AND WOMEN
. Expert watch repair on
premises by certified
horologist
LltrUp
>J lEWEI ERS
535 Bryant St.
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
Your Collage [aweler*
For Over 35 Year*
CARLYLE'S
Stanford's
Headquarters
for
ROLEX WATCHES
THE CONCEPT
OF ENDURANCE,
THE FACE OF
INTEGRITY
ROLEX FOR MEN AND WOMEN
. Expert watch repair on
premises by certified
horologist
LltrUp
>J lEWEI ERS
535 Bryant St.
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
Your Collage [aweler*
For Over 35 Year*
CARLYLE'S
Stanford's
Headquarters
for
ROLEX WATCHES
THE CONCEPT
OF ENDURANCE,
THE FACE OF
INTEGRITY
ROLEX FOR MEN AND WOMEN
. Expert watch repair on
premises by certified
horologist
LltrUp
>J lEWEI ERS
535 Bryant St.
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
Your Collage [aweler*
For Over 35 Year*
CARLYLE'S
Stanford's
Headquarters
for
ROLEX WATCHES
THE CONCEPT
OF ENDURANCE,
THE FACE OF
INTEGRITY
ROLEX FOR MEN AND WOMEN
. Expert watch repair on
premises by certified
horologist
LltrUp
>J lEWEI ERS
535 Bryant St.
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
Your Collage [aweler*
For Over 35 Year*
CARLYLE'S
Stanford's
Headquarters
for
ROLEX WATCHES
THE CONCEPT
OF ENDURANCE,
THE FACE OF
INTEGRITY
ROLEX FOR MEN AND WOMEN
. Expert watch repair on
premises by certified
horologist
LltrUp
>J lEWEI ERS
535 Bryant St.
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
Your Collage [aweler*
For Over 35 Year*
CARLYLE'S
Stanford's
Headquarters
for
ROLEX WATCHES
THE CONCEPT
OF ENDURANCE,
THE FACE OF
INTEGRITY
ROLEX FOR MEN AND WOMEN
. Expert watch repair on
premises by certified
horologist
LltrUp
>J lEWEI ERS
535 Bryant St.
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
Your Collage [aweler*
For Over 35 Year*
CARLYLE'S
Stanford's
Headquarters
for
ROLEX WATCHES
THE CONCEPT
OF ENDURANCE,
THE FACE OF
INTEGRITY
ROLEX FOR MEN AND WOMEN
. Expert watch repair on
premises by certified
horologist
LltrUp
>J lEWEI ERS
535 Bryant St.
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
Your Collage [aweler*
For Over 35 Year*
