# LAW GRADUATES BACK FROM EXAMINATIONS
## 
### 
The Stanford law graduates who
took the bar examinations in San
Francisco returned to the campus yes
terday. Those who took the examina
tions are Ameglio Andreucetti, Alonzo
Crawford, John A. Hendricks, Clarence
Heublein, Hugh MacKinnon, Frederic
Millard, Ogden Reavis, Frances Shel
don, and Heaton Wrenn. The oral ex
aminations given Wednesday, and the
written examinations given on Thurs
day, were taken by nearly 100 candi
dates. The lists of those who passed
will probably be published around the
first of February.
The Stanford law graduates who
took the bar examinations in San
Francisco returned to the campus yes
terday. Those who took the examina
tions are Ameglio Andreucetti, Alonzo
Crawford, John A. Hendricks, Clarence
Heublein, Hugh MacKinnon, Frederic
Millard, Ogden Reavis, Frances Shel
don, and Heaton Wrenn. The oral ex
aminations given Wednesday, and the
written examinations given on Thurs
day, were taken by nearly 100 candi
dates. The lists of those who passed
will probably be published around the
first of February.
The Stanford law graduates who
took the bar examinations in San
Francisco returned to the campus yes
terday. Those who took the examina
tions are Ameglio Andreucetti, Alonzo
Crawford, John A. Hendricks, Clarence
Heublein, Hugh MacKinnon, Frederic
Millard, Ogden Reavis, Frances Shel
don, and Heaton Wrenn. The oral ex
aminations given Wednesday, and the
written examinations given on Thurs
day, were taken by nearly 100 candi
dates. The lists of those who passed
will probably be published around the
first of February.
The Stanford law graduates who
took the bar examinations in San
Francisco returned to the campus yes
terday. Those who took the examina
tions are Ameglio Andreucetti, Alonzo
Crawford, John A. Hendricks, Clarence
Heublein, Hugh MacKinnon, Frederic
Millard, Ogden Reavis, Frances Shel
don, and Heaton Wrenn. The oral ex
aminations given Wednesday, and the
written examinations given on Thurs
day, were taken by nearly 100 candi
dates. The lists of those who passed
will probably be published around the
first of February.
The Stanford law graduates who
took the bar examinations in San
Francisco returned to the campus yes
terday. Those who took the examina
tions are Ameglio Andreucetti, Alonzo
Crawford, John A. Hendricks, Clarence
Heublein, Hugh MacKinnon, Frederic
Millard, Ogden Reavis, Frances Shel
don, and Heaton Wrenn. The oral ex
aminations given Wednesday, and the
written examinations given on Thurs
day, were taken by nearly 100 candi
dates. The lists of those who passed
will probably be published around the
first of February.
The Stanford law graduates who
took the bar examinations in San
Francisco returned to the campus yes
terday. Those who took the examina
tions are Ameglio Andreucetti, Alonzo
Crawford, John A. Hendricks, Clarence
Heublein, Hugh MacKinnon, Frederic
Millard, Ogden Reavis, Frances Shel
don, and Heaton Wrenn. The oral ex
aminations given Wednesday, and the
written examinations given on Thurs
day, were taken by nearly 100 candi
dates. The lists of those who passed
will probably be published around the
first of February.
The Stanford law graduates who
took the bar examinations in San
Francisco returned to the campus yes
terday. Those who took the examina
tions are Ameglio Andreucetti, Alonzo
Crawford, John A. Hendricks, Clarence
Heublein, Hugh MacKinnon, Frederic
Millard, Ogden Reavis, Frances Shel
don, and Heaton Wrenn. The oral ex
aminations given Wednesday, and the
written examinations given on Thurs
day, were taken by nearly 100 candi
dates. The lists of those who passed
will probably be published around the
first of February.
The Stanford law graduates who
took the bar examinations in San
Francisco returned to the campus yes
terday. Those who took the examina
tions are Ameglio Andreucetti, Alonzo
Crawford, John A. Hendricks, Clarence
Heublein, Hugh MacKinnon, Frederic
Millard, Ogden Reavis, Frances Shel
don, and Heaton Wrenn. The oral ex
aminations given Wednesday, and the
written examinations given on Thurs
day, were taken by nearly 100 candi
dates. The lists of those who passed
will probably be published around the
first of February.
The Stanford law graduates who
took the bar examinations in San
Francisco returned to the campus yes
terday. Those who took the examina
tions are Ameglio Andreucetti, Alonzo
Crawford, John A. Hendricks, Clarence
Heublein, Hugh MacKinnon, Frederic
Millard, Ogden Reavis, Frances Shel
don, and Heaton Wrenn. The oral ex
aminations given Wednesday, and the
written examinations given on Thurs
day, were taken by nearly 100 candi
dates. The lists of those who passed
will probably be published around the
first of February.
The Stanford law graduates who
took the bar examinations in San
Francisco returned to the campus yes
terday. Those who took the examina
tions are Ameglio Andreucetti, Alonzo
Crawford, John A. Hendricks, Clarence
Heublein, Hugh MacKinnon, Frederic
Millard, Ogden Reavis, Frances Shel
don, and Heaton Wrenn. The oral ex
aminations given Wednesday, and the
written examinations given on Thurs
day, were taken by nearly 100 candi
dates. The lists of those who passed
will probably be published around the
first of February.
The Stanford law graduates who
took the bar examinations in San
Francisco returned to the campus yes
terday. Those who took the examina
tions are Ameglio Andreucetti, Alonzo
Crawford, John A. Hendricks, Clarence
Heublein, Hugh MacKinnon, Frederic
Millard, Ogden Reavis, Frances Shel
don, and Heaton Wrenn. The oral ex
aminations given Wednesday, and the
written examinations given on Thurs
day, were taken by nearly 100 candi
dates. The lists of those who passed
will probably be published around the
first of February.
The Stanford law graduates who
took the bar examinations in San
Francisco returned to the campus yes
terday. Those who took the examina
tions are Ameglio Andreucetti, Alonzo
Crawford, John A. Hendricks, Clarence
Heublein, Hugh MacKinnon, Frederic
Millard, Ogden Reavis, Frances Shel
don, and Heaton Wrenn. The oral ex
aminations given Wednesday, and the
written examinations given on Thurs
day, were taken by nearly 100 candi
dates. The lists of those who passed
will probably be published around the
first of February.
The Stanford law graduates who
took the bar examinations in San
Francisco returned to the campus yes
terday. Those who took the examina
tions are Ameglio Andreucetti, Alonzo
Crawford, John A. Hendricks, Clarence
Heublein, Hugh MacKinnon, Frederic
Millard, Ogden Reavis, Frances Shel
don, and Heaton Wrenn. The oral ex
aminations given Wednesday, and the
written examinations given on Thurs
day, were taken by nearly 100 candi
dates. The lists of those who passed
will probably be published around the
first of February.
The Stanford law graduates who
took the bar examinations in San
Francisco returned to the campus yes
terday. Those who took the examina
tions are Ameglio Andreucetti, Alonzo
Crawford, John A. Hendricks, Clarence
Heublein, Hugh MacKinnon, Frederic
Millard, Ogden Reavis, Frances Shel
don, and Heaton Wrenn. The oral ex
aminations given Wednesday, and the
written examinations given on Thurs
day, were taken by nearly 100 candi
dates. The lists of those who passed
will probably be published around the
first of February.
The Stanford law graduates who
took the bar examinations in San
Francisco returned to the campus yes
terday. Those who took the examina
tions are Ameglio Andreucetti, Alonzo
Crawford, John A. Hendricks, Clarence
Heublein, Hugh MacKinnon, Frederic
Millard, Ogden Reavis, Frances Shel
don, and Heaton Wrenn. The oral ex
aminations given Wednesday, and the
written examinations given on Thurs
day, were taken by nearly 100 candi
dates. The lists of those who passed
will probably be published around the
first of February.
The Stanford law graduates who
took the bar examinations in San
Francisco returned to the campus yes
terday. Those who took the examina
tions are Ameglio Andreucetti, Alonzo
Crawford, John A. Hendricks, Clarence
Heublein, Hugh MacKinnon, Frederic
Millard, Ogden Reavis, Frances Shel
don, and Heaton Wrenn. The oral ex
aminations given Wednesday, and the
written examinations given on Thurs
day, were taken by nearly 100 candi
dates. The lists of those who passed
will probably be published around the
first of February.
