# SAN JOSE QUINTET PLAYS THORNHILL'S SQUAD TOMORROW
## 
### 
Coach "Tiny" Thornhill's 130's meet
the San Jose Y. M. C. A. basketball
team here tomorrow night at 7 p.m.
The Stanford lightweights are se
verely handicapped by lack of prac
tice. To date, they have had six work
outs of not more than an hour each.
In their game with Palo Alto high
school last week they displayed very
poor form. The passing was ragged
and the forwards couldn't find the
basket.
The team hasn't been playing to
gether long enough to find itself, al
though the line-up includes four vete
rans. Hobro and Meyers, forwards,
■each have two years' experience be
hind them. Hogle and Blosser have
also played with the lightweights for
two seasons. With Hugo and Schultz
berg fighting for the running guard
berth; McLellan and Cole reserve cen
ters; and Kitow and O'Donnell sub
stitute forwards, Thornhill has plenty
of material.
However, the 130's got off to a slow
start last year also. They won from
San Mateo high school by a scant
two-point margin, but were able to
defeat the California quintet.
The San Jose team is an unknown
quantity, and may develop into un
expected competition.
Coach "Tiny" Thornhill's 130's meet
the San Jose Y. M. C. A. basketball
team here tomorrow night at 7 p.m.
The Stanford lightweights are se
verely handicapped by lack of prac
tice. To date, they have had six work
outs of not more than an hour each.
In their game with Palo Alto high
school last week they displayed very
poor form. The passing was ragged
and the forwards couldn't find the
basket.
The team hasn't been playing to
gether long enough to find itself, al
though the line-up includes four vete
rans. Hobro and Meyers, forwards,
■each have two years' experience be
hind them. Hogle and Blosser have
also played with the lightweights for
two seasons. With Hugo and Schultz
berg fighting for the running guard
berth; McLellan and Cole reserve cen
ters; and Kitow and O'Donnell sub
stitute forwards, Thornhill has plenty
of material.
However, the 130's got off to a slow
start last year also. They won from
San Mateo high school by a scant
two-point margin, but were able to
defeat the California quintet.
The San Jose team is an unknown
quantity, and may develop into un
expected competition.
Coach "Tiny" Thornhill's 130's meet
the San Jose Y. M. C. A. basketball
team here tomorrow night at 7 p.m.
The Stanford lightweights are se
verely handicapped by lack of prac
tice. To date, they have had six work
outs of not more than an hour each.
In their game with Palo Alto high
school last week they displayed very
poor form. The passing was ragged
and the forwards couldn't find the
basket.
The team hasn't been playing to
gether long enough to find itself, al
though the line-up includes four vete
rans. Hobro and Meyers, forwards,
■each have two years' experience be
hind them. Hogle and Blosser have
also played with the lightweights for
two seasons. With Hugo and Schultz
berg fighting for the running guard
berth; McLellan and Cole reserve cen
ters; and Kitow and O'Donnell sub
stitute forwards, Thornhill has plenty
of material.
However, the 130's got off to a slow
start last year also. They won from
San Mateo high school by a scant
two-point margin, but were able to
defeat the California quintet.
The San Jose team is an unknown
quantity, and may develop into un
expected competition.
Coach "Tiny" Thornhill's 130's meet
the San Jose Y. M. C. A. basketball
team here tomorrow night at 7 p.m.
The Stanford lightweights are se
verely handicapped by lack of prac
tice. To date, they have had six work
outs of not more than an hour each.
In their game with Palo Alto high
school last week they displayed very
poor form. The passing was ragged
and the forwards couldn't find the
basket.
The team hasn't been playing to
gether long enough to find itself, al
though the line-up includes four vete
rans. Hobro and Meyers, forwards,
■each have two years' experience be
hind them. Hogle and Blosser have
also played with the lightweights for
two seasons. With Hugo and Schultz
berg fighting for the running guard
berth; McLellan and Cole reserve cen
ters; and Kitow and O'Donnell sub
stitute forwards, Thornhill has plenty
of material.
However, the 130's got off to a slow
start last year also. They won from
San Mateo high school by a scant
two-point margin, but were able to
defeat the California quintet.
The San Jose team is an unknown
quantity, and may develop into un
expected competition.
Coach "Tiny" Thornhill's 130's meet
the San Jose Y. M. C. A. basketball
team here tomorrow night at 7 p.m.
The Stanford lightweights are se
verely handicapped by lack of prac
tice. To date, they have had six work
outs of not more than an hour each.
In their game with Palo Alto high
school last week they displayed very
poor form. The passing was ragged
and the forwards couldn't find the
basket.
The team hasn't been playing to
gether long enough to find itself, al
though the line-up includes four vete
rans. Hobro and Meyers, forwards,
■each have two years' experience be
hind them. Hogle and Blosser have
also played with the lightweights for
two seasons. With Hugo and Schultz
berg fighting for the running guard
berth; McLellan and Cole reserve cen
ters; and Kitow and O'Donnell sub
stitute forwards, Thornhill has plenty
of material.
However, the 130's got off to a slow
start last year also. They won from
San Mateo high school by a scant
two-point margin, but were able to
defeat the California quintet.
The San Jose team is an unknown
quantity, and may develop into un
expected competition.
Coach "Tiny" Thornhill's 130's meet
the San Jose Y. M. C. A. basketball
team here tomorrow night at 7 p.m.
The Stanford lightweights are se
verely handicapped by lack of prac
tice. To date, they have had six work
outs of not more than an hour each.
In their game with Palo Alto high
school last week they displayed very
poor form. The passing was ragged
and the forwards couldn't find the
basket.
The team hasn't been playing to
gether long enough to find itself, al
though the line-up includes four vete
rans. Hobro and Meyers, forwards,
■each have two years' experience be
hind them. Hogle and Blosser have
also played with the lightweights for
two seasons. With Hugo and Schultz
berg fighting for the running guard
berth; McLellan and Cole reserve cen
ters; and Kitow and O'Donnell sub
stitute forwards, Thornhill has plenty
of material.
However, the 130's got off to a slow
start last year also. They won from
San Mateo high school by a scant
two-point margin, but were able to
defeat the California quintet.
The San Jose team is an unknown
quantity, and may develop into un
expected competition.
Coach "Tiny" Thornhill's 130's meet
the San Jose Y. M. C. A. basketball
team here tomorrow night at 7 p.m.
The Stanford lightweights are se
verely handicapped by lack of prac
tice. To date, they have had six work
outs of not more than an hour each.
In their game with Palo Alto high
school last week they displayed very
poor form. The passing was ragged
and the forwards couldn't find the
basket.
The team hasn't been playing to
gether long enough to find itself, al
though the line-up includes four vete
rans. Hobro and Meyers, forwards,
■each have two years' experience be
hind them. Hogle and Blosser have
also played with the lightweights for
two seasons. With Hugo and Schultz
berg fighting for the running guard
berth; McLellan and Cole reserve cen
ters; and Kitow and O'Donnell sub
stitute forwards, Thornhill has plenty
of material.
However, the 130's got off to a slow
start last year also. They won from
San Mateo high school by a scant
two-point margin, but were able to
defeat the California quintet.
The San Jose team is an unknown
quantity, and may develop into un
expected competition.
Coach "Tiny" Thornhill's 130's meet
the San Jose Y. M. C. A. basketball
team here tomorrow night at 7 p.m.
The Stanford lightweights are se
verely handicapped by lack of prac
tice. To date, they have had six work
outs of not more than an hour each.
In their game with Palo Alto high
school last week they displayed very
poor form. The passing was ragged
and the forwards couldn't find the
basket.
The team hasn't been playing to
gether long enough to find itself, al
though the line-up includes four vete
rans. Hobro and Meyers, forwards,
■each have two years' experience be
hind them. Hogle and Blosser have
also played with the lightweights for
two seasons. With Hugo and Schultz
berg fighting for the running guard
berth; McLellan and Cole reserve cen
ters; and Kitow and O'Donnell sub
stitute forwards, Thornhill has plenty
of material.
However, the 130's got off to a slow
start last year also. They won from
San Mateo high school by a scant
two-point margin, but were able to
defeat the California quintet.
The San Jose team is an unknown
quantity, and may develop into un
expected competition.
Coach "Tiny" Thornhill's 130's meet
the San Jose Y. M. C. A. basketball
team here tomorrow night at 7 p.m.
The Stanford lightweights are se
verely handicapped by lack of prac
tice. To date, they have had six work
outs of not more than an hour each.
In their game with Palo Alto high
school last week they displayed very
poor form. The passing was ragged
and the forwards couldn't find the
basket.
The team hasn't been playing to
gether long enough to find itself, al
though the line-up includes four vete
rans. Hobro and Meyers, forwards,
■each have two years' experience be
hind them. Hogle and Blosser have
also played with the lightweights for
two seasons. With Hugo and Schultz
berg fighting for the running guard
berth; McLellan and Cole reserve cen
ters; and Kitow and O'Donnell sub
stitute forwards, Thornhill has plenty
of material.
However, the 130's got off to a slow
start last year also. They won from
San Mateo high school by a scant
two-point margin, but were able to
defeat the California quintet.
The San Jose team is an unknown
quantity, and may develop into un
expected competition.
Coach "Tiny" Thornhill's 130's meet
the San Jose Y. M. C. A. basketball
team here tomorrow night at 7 p.m.
The Stanford lightweights are se
verely handicapped by lack of prac
tice. To date, they have had six work
outs of not more than an hour each.
In their game with Palo Alto high
school last week they displayed very
poor form. The passing was ragged
and the forwards couldn't find the
basket.
The team hasn't been playing to
gether long enough to find itself, al
though the line-up includes four vete
rans. Hobro and Meyers, forwards,
■each have two years' experience be
hind them. Hogle and Blosser have
also played with the lightweights for
two seasons. With Hugo and Schultz
berg fighting for the running guard
berth; McLellan and Cole reserve cen
ters; and Kitow and O'Donnell sub
stitute forwards, Thornhill has plenty
of material.
However, the 130's got off to a slow
start last year also. They won from
San Mateo high school by a scant
two-point margin, but were able to
defeat the California quintet.
The San Jose team is an unknown
quantity, and may develop into un
expected competition.
Coach "Tiny" Thornhill's 130's meet
the San Jose Y. M. C. A. basketball
team here tomorrow night at 7 p.m.
The Stanford lightweights are se
verely handicapped by lack of prac
tice. To date, they have had six work
outs of not more than an hour each.
In their game with Palo Alto high
school last week they displayed very
poor form. The passing was ragged
and the forwards couldn't find the
basket.
The team hasn't been playing to
gether long enough to find itself, al
though the line-up includes four vete
rans. Hobro and Meyers, forwards,
■each have two years' experience be
hind them. Hogle and Blosser have
also played with the lightweights for
two seasons. With Hugo and Schultz
berg fighting for the running guard
berth; McLellan and Cole reserve cen
ters; and Kitow and O'Donnell sub
stitute forwards, Thornhill has plenty
of material.
However, the 130's got off to a slow
start last year also. They won from
San Mateo high school by a scant
two-point margin, but were able to
defeat the California quintet.
The San Jose team is an unknown
quantity, and may develop into un
expected competition.
Coach "Tiny" Thornhill's 130's meet
the San Jose Y. M. C. A. basketball
team here tomorrow night at 7 p.m.
The Stanford lightweights are se
verely handicapped by lack of prac
tice. To date, they have had six work
outs of not more than an hour each.
In their game with Palo Alto high
school last week they displayed very
poor form. The passing was ragged
and the forwards couldn't find the
basket.
The team hasn't been playing to
gether long enough to find itself, al
though the line-up includes four vete
rans. Hobro and Meyers, forwards,
■each have two years' experience be
hind them. Hogle and Blosser have
also played with the lightweights for
two seasons. With Hugo and Schultz
berg fighting for the running guard
berth; McLellan and Cole reserve cen
ters; and Kitow and O'Donnell sub
stitute forwards, Thornhill has plenty
of material.
However, the 130's got off to a slow
start last year also. They won from
San Mateo high school by a scant
two-point margin, but were able to
defeat the California quintet.
The San Jose team is an unknown
quantity, and may develop into un
expected competition.
Coach "Tiny" Thornhill's 130's meet
the San Jose Y. M. C. A. basketball
team here tomorrow night at 7 p.m.
The Stanford lightweights are se
verely handicapped by lack of prac
tice. To date, they have had six work
outs of not more than an hour each.
In their game with Palo Alto high
school last week they displayed very
poor form. The passing was ragged
and the forwards couldn't find the
basket.
The team hasn't been playing to
gether long enough to find itself, al
though the line-up includes four vete
rans. Hobro and Meyers, forwards,
■each have two years' experience be
hind them. Hogle and Blosser have
also played with the lightweights for
two seasons. With Hugo and Schultz
berg fighting for the running guard
berth; McLellan and Cole reserve cen
ters; and Kitow and O'Donnell sub
stitute forwards, Thornhill has plenty
of material.
However, the 130's got off to a slow
start last year also. They won from
San Mateo high school by a scant
two-point margin, but were able to
defeat the California quintet.
The San Jose team is an unknown
quantity, and may develop into un
expected competition.
Coach "Tiny" Thornhill's 130's meet
the San Jose Y. M. C. A. basketball
team here tomorrow night at 7 p.m.
The Stanford lightweights are se
verely handicapped by lack of prac
tice. To date, they have had six work
outs of not more than an hour each.
In their game with Palo Alto high
school last week they displayed very
poor form. The passing was ragged
and the forwards couldn't find the
basket.
The team hasn't been playing to
gether long enough to find itself, al
though the line-up includes four vete
rans. Hobro and Meyers, forwards,
■each have two years' experience be
hind them. Hogle and Blosser have
also played with the lightweights for
two seasons. With Hugo and Schultz
berg fighting for the running guard
berth; McLellan and Cole reserve cen
ters; and Kitow and O'Donnell sub
stitute forwards, Thornhill has plenty
of material.
However, the 130's got off to a slow
start last year also. They won from
San Mateo high school by a scant
two-point margin, but were able to
defeat the California quintet.
The San Jose team is an unknown
quantity, and may develop into un
expected competition.
Coach "Tiny" Thornhill's 130's meet
the San Jose Y. M. C. A. basketball
team here tomorrow night at 7 p.m.
The Stanford lightweights are se
verely handicapped by lack of prac
tice. To date, they have had six work
outs of not more than an hour each.
In their game with Palo Alto high
school last week they displayed very
poor form. The passing was ragged
and the forwards couldn't find the
basket.
The team hasn't been playing to
gether long enough to find itself, al
though the line-up includes four vete
rans. Hobro and Meyers, forwards,
■each have two years' experience be
hind them. Hogle and Blosser have
also played with the lightweights for
two seasons. With Hugo and Schultz
berg fighting for the running guard
berth; McLellan and Cole reserve cen
ters; and Kitow and O'Donnell sub
stitute forwards, Thornhill has plenty
of material.
However, the 130's got off to a slow
start last year also. They won from
San Mateo high school by a scant
two-point margin, but were able to
defeat the California quintet.
The San Jose team is an unknown
quantity, and may develop into un
expected competition.
Coach "Tiny" Thornhill's 130's meet
the San Jose Y. M. C. A. basketball
team here tomorrow night at 7 p.m.
The Stanford lightweights are se
verely handicapped by lack of prac
tice. To date, they have had six work
outs of not more than an hour each.
In their game with Palo Alto high
school last week they displayed very
poor form. The passing was ragged
and the forwards couldn't find the
basket.
The team hasn't been playing to
gether long enough to find itself, al
though the line-up includes four vete
rans. Hobro and Meyers, forwards,
■each have two years' experience be
hind them. Hogle and Blosser have
also played with the lightweights for
two seasons. With Hugo and Schultz
berg fighting for the running guard
berth; McLellan and Cole reserve cen
ters; and Kitow and O'Donnell sub
stitute forwards, Thornhill has plenty
of material.
However, the 130's got off to a slow
start last year also. They won from
San Mateo high school by a scant
two-point margin, but were able to
defeat the California quintet.
The San Jose team is an unknown
quantity, and may develop into un
expected competition.
