# California Coach Cuts Freshman Crew
## 
### 
Coach Stephenson, of California, has
made the first cut in the candidates
for positions in the Freshman shell.
Eighteen oarsmen and five coxswains
are still in the running. Tndoor work
has been temporarily substituted for
open air training. New equipment
recently received puts the Blue and
Gold in a position to have three or
four shells working on the estuary ot
one time.
Coach Stephenson, of California, has
made the first cut in the candidates
for positions in the Freshman shell.
Eighteen oarsmen and five coxswains
are still in the running. Tndoor work
has been temporarily substituted for
open air training. New equipment
recently received puts the Blue and
Gold in a position to have three or
four shells working on the estuary ot
one time.
Coach Stephenson, of California, has
made the first cut in the candidates
for positions in the Freshman shell.
Eighteen oarsmen and five coxswains
are still in the running. Tndoor work
has been temporarily substituted for
open air training. New equipment
recently received puts the Blue and
Gold in a position to have three or
four shells working on the estuary ot
one time.
Coach Stephenson, of California, has
made the first cut in the candidates
for positions in the Freshman shell.
Eighteen oarsmen and five coxswains
are still in the running. Tndoor work
has been temporarily substituted for
open air training. New equipment
recently received puts the Blue and
Gold in a position to have three or
four shells working on the estuary ot
one time.
Coach Stephenson, of California, has
made the first cut in the candidates
for positions in the Freshman shell.
Eighteen oarsmen and five coxswains
are still in the running. Tndoor work
has been temporarily substituted for
open air training. New equipment
recently received puts the Blue and
Gold in a position to have three or
four shells working on the estuary ot
one time.
Coach Stephenson, of California, has
made the first cut in the candidates
for positions in the Freshman shell.
Eighteen oarsmen and five coxswains
are still in the running. Tndoor work
has been temporarily substituted for
open air training. New equipment
recently received puts the Blue and
Gold in a position to have three or
four shells working on the estuary ot
one time.
Coach Stephenson, of California, has
made the first cut in the candidates
for positions in the Freshman shell.
Eighteen oarsmen and five coxswains
are still in the running. Tndoor work
has been temporarily substituted for
open air training. New equipment
recently received puts the Blue and
Gold in a position to have three or
four shells working on the estuary ot
one time.
Coach Stephenson, of California, has
made the first cut in the candidates
for positions in the Freshman shell.
Eighteen oarsmen and five coxswains
are still in the running. Tndoor work
has been temporarily substituted for
open air training. New equipment
recently received puts the Blue and
Gold in a position to have three or
four shells working on the estuary ot
one time.
Coach Stephenson, of California, has
made the first cut in the candidates
for positions in the Freshman shell.
Eighteen oarsmen and five coxswains
are still in the running. Tndoor work
has been temporarily substituted for
open air training. New equipment
recently received puts the Blue and
Gold in a position to have three or
four shells working on the estuary ot
one time.
Coach Stephenson, of California, has
made the first cut in the candidates
for positions in the Freshman shell.
Eighteen oarsmen and five coxswains
are still in the running. Tndoor work
has been temporarily substituted for
open air training. New equipment
recently received puts the Blue and
Gold in a position to have three or
four shells working on the estuary ot
one time.
Coach Stephenson, of California, has
made the first cut in the candidates
for positions in the Freshman shell.
Eighteen oarsmen and five coxswains
are still in the running. Tndoor work
has been temporarily substituted for
open air training. New equipment
recently received puts the Blue and
Gold in a position to have three or
four shells working on the estuary ot
one time.
Coach Stephenson, of California, has
made the first cut in the candidates
for positions in the Freshman shell.
Eighteen oarsmen and five coxswains
are still in the running. Tndoor work
has been temporarily substituted for
open air training. New equipment
recently received puts the Blue and
Gold in a position to have three or
four shells working on the estuary ot
one time.
Coach Stephenson, of California, has
made the first cut in the candidates
for positions in the Freshman shell.
Eighteen oarsmen and five coxswains
are still in the running. Tndoor work
has been temporarily substituted for
open air training. New equipment
recently received puts the Blue and
Gold in a position to have three or
four shells working on the estuary ot
one time.
Coach Stephenson, of California, has
made the first cut in the candidates
for positions in the Freshman shell.
Eighteen oarsmen and five coxswains
are still in the running. Tndoor work
has been temporarily substituted for
open air training. New equipment
recently received puts the Blue and
Gold in a position to have three or
four shells working on the estuary ot
one time.
