# Indian Student Will Lecture.
## 
### 
Members of the Sociological Society
will enjoy a lecture Wednesday even
ins by D. Mukerji, an Indian student
who has graduated from the Univer
sity, and is now assistant in the Phi
losophy Department. The meeting will
be called at eight o'clock. Non-mem
bers who are interested are invited to
attend.
Members of the Sociological Society
will enjoy a lecture Wednesday even
ins by D. Mukerji, an Indian student
who has graduated from the Univer
sity, and is now assistant in the Phi
losophy Department. The meeting will
be called at eight o'clock. Non-mem
bers who are interested are invited to
attend.
Members of the Sociological Society
will enjoy a lecture Wednesday even
ins by D. Mukerji, an Indian student
who has graduated from the Univer
sity, and is now assistant in the Phi
losophy Department. The meeting will
be called at eight o'clock. Non-mem
bers who are interested are invited to
attend.
Members of the Sociological Society
will enjoy a lecture Wednesday even
ins by D. Mukerji, an Indian student
who has graduated from the Univer
sity, and is now assistant in the Phi
losophy Department. The meeting will
be called at eight o'clock. Non-mem
bers who are interested are invited to
attend.
Members of the Sociological Society
will enjoy a lecture Wednesday even
ins by D. Mukerji, an Indian student
who has graduated from the Univer
sity, and is now assistant in the Phi
losophy Department. The meeting will
be called at eight o'clock. Non-mem
bers who are interested are invited to
attend.
Members of the Sociological Society
will enjoy a lecture Wednesday even
ins by D. Mukerji, an Indian student
who has graduated from the Univer
sity, and is now assistant in the Phi
losophy Department. The meeting will
be called at eight o'clock. Non-mem
bers who are interested are invited to
attend.
Members of the Sociological Society
will enjoy a lecture Wednesday even
ins by D. Mukerji, an Indian student
who has graduated from the Univer
sity, and is now assistant in the Phi
losophy Department. The meeting will
be called at eight o'clock. Non-mem
bers who are interested are invited to
attend.
Members of the Sociological Society
will enjoy a lecture Wednesday even
ins by D. Mukerji, an Indian student
who has graduated from the Univer
sity, and is now assistant in the Phi
losophy Department. The meeting will
be called at eight o'clock. Non-mem
bers who are interested are invited to
attend.
Members of the Sociological Society
will enjoy a lecture Wednesday even
ins by D. Mukerji, an Indian student
who has graduated from the Univer
sity, and is now assistant in the Phi
losophy Department. The meeting will
be called at eight o'clock. Non-mem
bers who are interested are invited to
attend.
Members of the Sociological Society
will enjoy a lecture Wednesday even
ins by D. Mukerji, an Indian student
who has graduated from the Univer
sity, and is now assistant in the Phi
losophy Department. The meeting will
be called at eight o'clock. Non-mem
bers who are interested are invited to
attend.
Members of the Sociological Society
will enjoy a lecture Wednesday even
ins by D. Mukerji, an Indian student
who has graduated from the Univer
sity, and is now assistant in the Phi
losophy Department. The meeting will
be called at eight o'clock. Non-mem
bers who are interested are invited to
attend.
Members of the Sociological Society
will enjoy a lecture Wednesday even
ins by D. Mukerji, an Indian student
who has graduated from the Univer
sity, and is now assistant in the Phi
losophy Department. The meeting will
be called at eight o'clock. Non-mem
bers who are interested are invited to
attend.
Members of the Sociological Society
will enjoy a lecture Wednesday even
ins by D. Mukerji, an Indian student
who has graduated from the Univer
sity, and is now assistant in the Phi
losophy Department. The meeting will
be called at eight o'clock. Non-mem
bers who are interested are invited to
attend.
Members of the Sociological Society
will enjoy a lecture Wednesday even
ins by D. Mukerji, an Indian student
who has graduated from the Univer
sity, and is now assistant in the Phi
losophy Department. The meeting will
be called at eight o'clock. Non-mem
bers who are interested are invited to
attend.
