# Combatants Seesaw at Warfront.
## 
### 
Petrograd, Nov. 24.—1t is officially
annnounced that there is favorable
news from the front between the Vis
tula and Warthe rivers, where the
Germans have retreated. Other re
ports state that the Germans, who had
reached Lodz, are now at Sadek,
twenty-five miles west. At Libau the
Germans made a target of the most
populous parts of the town, and a
great number of peaceable inhabitants,
a majority of whom were women and
children, became the victims of Ger
man barbarism.
Petrograd, Nov. 24.—1t is officially
annnounced that there is favorable
news from the front between the Vis
tula and Warthe rivers, where the
Germans have retreated. Other re
ports state that the Germans, who had
reached Lodz, are now at Sadek,
twenty-five miles west. At Libau the
Germans made a target of the most
populous parts of the town, and a
great number of peaceable inhabitants,
a majority of whom were women and
children, became the victims of Ger
man barbarism.
Petrograd, Nov. 24.—1t is officially
annnounced that there is favorable
news from the front between the Vis
tula and Warthe rivers, where the
Germans have retreated. Other re
ports state that the Germans, who had
reached Lodz, are now at Sadek,
twenty-five miles west. At Libau the
Germans made a target of the most
populous parts of the town, and a
great number of peaceable inhabitants,
a majority of whom were women and
children, became the victims of Ger
man barbarism.
Petrograd, Nov. 24.—1t is officially
annnounced that there is favorable
news from the front between the Vis
tula and Warthe rivers, where the
Germans have retreated. Other re
ports state that the Germans, who had
reached Lodz, are now at Sadek,
twenty-five miles west. At Libau the
Germans made a target of the most
populous parts of the town, and a
great number of peaceable inhabitants,
a majority of whom were women and
children, became the victims of Ger
man barbarism.
Petrograd, Nov. 24.—1t is officially
annnounced that there is favorable
news from the front between the Vis
tula and Warthe rivers, where the
Germans have retreated. Other re
ports state that the Germans, who had
reached Lodz, are now at Sadek,
twenty-five miles west. At Libau the
Germans made a target of the most
populous parts of the town, and a
great number of peaceable inhabitants,
a majority of whom were women and
children, became the victims of Ger
man barbarism.
Petrograd, Nov. 24.—1t is officially
annnounced that there is favorable
news from the front between the Vis
tula and Warthe rivers, where the
Germans have retreated. Other re
ports state that the Germans, who had
reached Lodz, are now at Sadek,
twenty-five miles west. At Libau the
Germans made a target of the most
populous parts of the town, and a
great number of peaceable inhabitants,
a majority of whom were women and
children, became the victims of Ger
man barbarism.
Petrograd, Nov. 24.—1t is officially
annnounced that there is favorable
news from the front between the Vis
tula and Warthe rivers, where the
Germans have retreated. Other re
ports state that the Germans, who had
reached Lodz, are now at Sadek,
twenty-five miles west. At Libau the
Germans made a target of the most
populous parts of the town, and a
great number of peaceable inhabitants,
a majority of whom were women and
children, became the victims of Ger
man barbarism.
Petrograd, Nov. 24.—1t is officially
annnounced that there is favorable
news from the front between the Vis
tula and Warthe rivers, where the
Germans have retreated. Other re
ports state that the Germans, who had
reached Lodz, are now at Sadek,
twenty-five miles west. At Libau the
Germans made a target of the most
populous parts of the town, and a
great number of peaceable inhabitants,
a majority of whom were women and
children, became the victims of Ger
man barbarism.
Petrograd, Nov. 24.—1t is officially
annnounced that there is favorable
news from the front between the Vis
tula and Warthe rivers, where the
Germans have retreated. Other re
ports state that the Germans, who had
reached Lodz, are now at Sadek,
twenty-five miles west. At Libau the
Germans made a target of the most
populous parts of the town, and a
great number of peaceable inhabitants,
a majority of whom were women and
children, became the victims of Ger
man barbarism.
Petrograd, Nov. 24.—1t is officially
annnounced that there is favorable
news from the front between the Vis
tula and Warthe rivers, where the
Germans have retreated. Other re
ports state that the Germans, who had
reached Lodz, are now at Sadek,
twenty-five miles west. At Libau the
Germans made a target of the most
populous parts of the town, and a
great number of peaceable inhabitants,
a majority of whom were women and
children, became the victims of Ger
man barbarism.
Petrograd, Nov. 24.—1t is officially
annnounced that there is favorable
news from the front between the Vis
tula and Warthe rivers, where the
Germans have retreated. Other re
ports state that the Germans, who had
reached Lodz, are now at Sadek,
twenty-five miles west. At Libau the
Germans made a target of the most
populous parts of the town, and a
great number of peaceable inhabitants,
a majority of whom were women and
children, became the victims of Ger
man barbarism.
Petrograd, Nov. 24.—1t is officially
annnounced that there is favorable
news from the front between the Vis
tula and Warthe rivers, where the
Germans have retreated. Other re
ports state that the Germans, who had
reached Lodz, are now at Sadek,
twenty-five miles west. At Libau the
Germans made a target of the most
populous parts of the town, and a
great number of peaceable inhabitants,
a majority of whom were women and
children, became the victims of Ger
man barbarism.
Petrograd, Nov. 24.—1t is officially
annnounced that there is favorable
news from the front between the Vis
tula and Warthe rivers, where the
Germans have retreated. Other re
ports state that the Germans, who had
reached Lodz, are now at Sadek,
twenty-five miles west. At Libau the
Germans made a target of the most
populous parts of the town, and a
great number of peaceable inhabitants,
a majority of whom were women and
children, became the victims of Ger
man barbarism.
Petrograd, Nov. 24.—1t is officially
annnounced that there is favorable
news from the front between the Vis
tula and Warthe rivers, where the
Germans have retreated. Other re
ports state that the Germans, who had
reached Lodz, are now at Sadek,
twenty-five miles west. At Libau the
Germans made a target of the most
populous parts of the town, and a
great number of peaceable inhabitants,
a majority of whom were women and
children, became the victims of Ger
man barbarism.
