# Soph Carnival Entries Still Being Accepted
## 
### 
Entries for Ihe Soph Carnival av«-
still being accepted at the A.S.S.U.
of!ice, co-chairman Bob LccfeUlt
said yesterday.
Some (if the entries already signed
for give all comers the chance to
water hag or throw eggs at t.h">
pledges, and toss hoops on coeds'
legs, or baseball at rolling phono
graph records. There will he carica
ture drawing and telegram sending,
h mobile i<'C cream unit, and record
cutting.
Entries for Ihe Soph Carnival av«-
still being accepted at the A.S.S.U.
of!ice, co-chairman Bob LccfeUlt
said yesterday.
Some (if the entries already signed
for give all comers the chance to
water hag or throw eggs at t.h">
pledges, and toss hoops on coeds'
legs, or baseball at rolling phono
graph records. There will he carica
ture drawing and telegram sending,
h mobile i<'C cream unit, and record
cutting.
Entries for Ihe Soph Carnival av«-
still being accepted at the A.S.S.U.
of!ice, co-chairman Bob LccfeUlt
said yesterday.
Some (if the entries already signed
for give all comers the chance to
water hag or throw eggs at t.h">
pledges, and toss hoops on coeds'
legs, or baseball at rolling phono
graph records. There will he carica
ture drawing and telegram sending,
h mobile i<'C cream unit, and record
cutting.
Entries for Ihe Soph Carnival av«-
still being accepted at the A.S.S.U.
of!ice, co-chairman Bob LccfeUlt
said yesterday.
Some (if the entries already signed
for give all comers the chance to
water hag or throw eggs at t.h">
pledges, and toss hoops on coeds'
legs, or baseball at rolling phono
graph records. There will he carica
ture drawing and telegram sending,
h mobile i<'C cream unit, and record
cutting.
Entries for Ihe Soph Carnival av«-
still being accepted at the A.S.S.U.
of!ice, co-chairman Bob LccfeUlt
said yesterday.
Some (if the entries already signed
for give all comers the chance to
water hag or throw eggs at t.h">
pledges, and toss hoops on coeds'
legs, or baseball at rolling phono
graph records. There will he carica
ture drawing and telegram sending,
h mobile i<'C cream unit, and record
cutting.
Entries for Ihe Soph Carnival av«-
still being accepted at the A.S.S.U.
of!ice, co-chairman Bob LccfeUlt
said yesterday.
Some (if the entries already signed
for give all comers the chance to
water hag or throw eggs at t.h">
pledges, and toss hoops on coeds'
legs, or baseball at rolling phono
graph records. There will he carica
ture drawing and telegram sending,
h mobile i<'C cream unit, and record
cutting.
Entries for Ihe Soph Carnival av«-
still being accepted at the A.S.S.U.
of!ice, co-chairman Bob LccfeUlt
said yesterday.
Some (if the entries already signed
for give all comers the chance to
water hag or throw eggs at t.h">
pledges, and toss hoops on coeds'
legs, or baseball at rolling phono
graph records. There will he carica
ture drawing and telegram sending,
h mobile i<'C cream unit, and record
cutting.
Entries for Ihe Soph Carnival av«-
still being accepted at the A.S.S.U.
of!ice, co-chairman Bob LccfeUlt
said yesterday.
Some (if the entries already signed
for give all comers the chance to
water hag or throw eggs at t.h">
pledges, and toss hoops on coeds'
legs, or baseball at rolling phono
graph records. There will he carica
ture drawing and telegram sending,
h mobile i<'C cream unit, and record
cutting.
Entries for Ihe Soph Carnival av«-
still being accepted at the A.S.S.U.
of!ice, co-chairman Bob LccfeUlt
said yesterday.
Some (if the entries already signed
for give all comers the chance to
water hag or throw eggs at t.h">
pledges, and toss hoops on coeds'
legs, or baseball at rolling phono
graph records. There will he carica
ture drawing and telegram sending,
h mobile i<'C cream unit, and record
cutting.
Entries for Ihe Soph Carnival av«-
still being accepted at the A.S.S.U.
of!ice, co-chairman Bob LccfeUlt
said yesterday.
Some (if the entries already signed
for give all comers the chance to
water hag or throw eggs at t.h">
pledges, and toss hoops on coeds'
legs, or baseball at rolling phono
graph records. There will he carica
ture drawing and telegram sending,
h mobile i<'C cream unit, and record
cutting.
Entries for Ihe Soph Carnival av«-
still being accepted at the A.S.S.U.
of!ice, co-chairman Bob LccfeUlt
said yesterday.
Some (if the entries already signed
for give all comers the chance to
water hag or throw eggs at t.h">
pledges, and toss hoops on coeds'
legs, or baseball at rolling phono
graph records. There will he carica
ture drawing and telegram sending,
h mobile i<'C cream unit, and record
cutting.
Entries for Ihe Soph Carnival av«-
still being accepted at the A.S.S.U.
of!ice, co-chairman Bob LccfeUlt
said yesterday.
Some (if the entries already signed
for give all comers the chance to
water hag or throw eggs at t.h">
pledges, and toss hoops on coeds'
legs, or baseball at rolling phono
graph records. There will he carica
ture drawing and telegram sending,
h mobile i<'C cream unit, and record
cutting.
Entries for Ihe Soph Carnival av«-
still being accepted at the A.S.S.U.
of!ice, co-chairman Bob LccfeUlt
said yesterday.
Some (if the entries already signed
for give all comers the chance to
water hag or throw eggs at t.h">
pledges, and toss hoops on coeds'
legs, or baseball at rolling phono
graph records. There will he carica
ture drawing and telegram sending,
h mobile i<'C cream unit, and record
cutting.
Entries for Ihe Soph Carnival av«-
still being accepted at the A.S.S.U.
of!ice, co-chairman Bob LccfeUlt
said yesterday.
Some (if the entries already signed
for give all comers the chance to
water hag or throw eggs at t.h">
pledges, and toss hoops on coeds'
legs, or baseball at rolling phono
graph records. There will he carica
ture drawing and telegram sending,
h mobile i<'C cream unit, and record
cutting.
Entries for Ihe Soph Carnival av«-
still being accepted at the A.S.S.U.
of!ice, co-chairman Bob LccfeUlt
said yesterday.
Some (if the entries already signed
for give all comers the chance to
water hag or throw eggs at t.h">
pledges, and toss hoops on coeds'
legs, or baseball at rolling phono
graph records. There will he carica
ture drawing and telegram sending,
h mobile i<'C cream unit, and record
cutting.
