# Shpetner Says ISC Railroaded
## 
### 
Speaking before a freshman au
dience of 250 at Encina Hall last
night, Stan Shpetner charged that
he "was ordered oIT the stage by
Martin Anderson before yesterday's
election assembly when I demanded
to speak against the 1.5.C."
Both sides got their chance last
night, as both Bill Fairer, I.S.C.
nominee, and Shpetner aired their
pro and con views about the con
troversial subject.
"Why send a couple of guys over
for six weeks when we could send
them for nine months?" Shpetner
asked. "How can anybody expect,
to understand a whole country on
what amounts to nothing more than
a Cook's tour? The I.S.C. is being
railroaded."
Fairer outline'! specific aims of
the I.S.C!. "We can establish con
tacts, really interest our student
body in an active way, and lay the
groundwork for an expansion of the
program under the Fulbright Bill,"
he said.
Speaking before a freshman au
dience of 250 at Encina Hall last
night, Stan Shpetner charged that
he "was ordered oIT the stage by
Martin Anderson before yesterday's
election assembly when I demanded
to speak against the 1.5.C."
Both sides got their chance last
night, as both Bill Fairer, I.S.C.
nominee, and Shpetner aired their
pro and con views about the con
troversial subject.
"Why send a couple of guys over
for six weeks when we could send
them for nine months?" Shpetner
asked. "How can anybody expect,
to understand a whole country on
what amounts to nothing more than
a Cook's tour? The I.S.C. is being
railroaded."
Fairer outline'! specific aims of
the I.S.C!. "We can establish con
tacts, really interest our student
body in an active way, and lay the
groundwork for an expansion of the
program under the Fulbright Bill,"
he said.
Speaking before a freshman au
dience of 250 at Encina Hall last
night, Stan Shpetner charged that
he "was ordered oIT the stage by
Martin Anderson before yesterday's
election assembly when I demanded
to speak against the 1.5.C."
Both sides got their chance last
night, as both Bill Fairer, I.S.C.
nominee, and Shpetner aired their
pro and con views about the con
troversial subject.
"Why send a couple of guys over
for six weeks when we could send
them for nine months?" Shpetner
asked. "How can anybody expect,
to understand a whole country on
what amounts to nothing more than
a Cook's tour? The I.S.C. is being
railroaded."
Fairer outline'! specific aims of
the I.S.C!. "We can establish con
tacts, really interest our student
body in an active way, and lay the
groundwork for an expansion of the
program under the Fulbright Bill,"
he said.
Speaking before a freshman au
dience of 250 at Encina Hall last
night, Stan Shpetner charged that
he "was ordered oIT the stage by
Martin Anderson before yesterday's
election assembly when I demanded
to speak against the 1.5.C."
Both sides got their chance last
night, as both Bill Fairer, I.S.C.
nominee, and Shpetner aired their
pro and con views about the con
troversial subject.
"Why send a couple of guys over
for six weeks when we could send
them for nine months?" Shpetner
asked. "How can anybody expect,
to understand a whole country on
what amounts to nothing more than
a Cook's tour? The I.S.C. is being
railroaded."
Fairer outline'! specific aims of
the I.S.C!. "We can establish con
tacts, really interest our student
body in an active way, and lay the
groundwork for an expansion of the
program under the Fulbright Bill,"
he said.
Speaking before a freshman au
dience of 250 at Encina Hall last
night, Stan Shpetner charged that
he "was ordered oIT the stage by
Martin Anderson before yesterday's
election assembly when I demanded
to speak against the 1.5.C."
Both sides got their chance last
night, as both Bill Fairer, I.S.C.
nominee, and Shpetner aired their
pro and con views about the con
troversial subject.
"Why send a couple of guys over
for six weeks when we could send
them for nine months?" Shpetner
asked. "How can anybody expect,
to understand a whole country on
what amounts to nothing more than
a Cook's tour? The I.S.C. is being
railroaded."
Fairer outline'! specific aims of
the I.S.C!. "We can establish con
tacts, really interest our student
body in an active way, and lay the
groundwork for an expansion of the
program under the Fulbright Bill,"
he said.
Speaking before a freshman au
dience of 250 at Encina Hall last
night, Stan Shpetner charged that
he "was ordered oIT the stage by
Martin Anderson before yesterday's
election assembly when I demanded
to speak against the 1.5.C."
Both sides got their chance last
night, as both Bill Fairer, I.S.C.
nominee, and Shpetner aired their
pro and con views about the con
troversial subject.
"Why send a couple of guys over
for six weeks when we could send
them for nine months?" Shpetner
asked. "How can anybody expect,
to understand a whole country on
what amounts to nothing more than
a Cook's tour? The I.S.C. is being
railroaded."
Fairer outline'! specific aims of
the I.S.C!. "We can establish con
tacts, really interest our student
body in an active way, and lay the
groundwork for an expansion of the
program under the Fulbright Bill,"
he said.
Speaking before a freshman au
dience of 250 at Encina Hall last
night, Stan Shpetner charged that
he "was ordered oIT the stage by
Martin Anderson before yesterday's
election assembly when I demanded
to speak against the 1.5.C."
Both sides got their chance last
night, as both Bill Fairer, I.S.C.
nominee, and Shpetner aired their
pro and con views about the con
troversial subject.
"Why send a couple of guys over
for six weeks when we could send
them for nine months?" Shpetner
asked. "How can anybody expect,
to understand a whole country on
what amounts to nothing more than
a Cook's tour? The I.S.C. is being
railroaded."
Fairer outline'! specific aims of
the I.S.C!. "We can establish con
tacts, really interest our student
body in an active way, and lay the
groundwork for an expansion of the
program under the Fulbright Bill,"
he said.
Speaking before a freshman au
dience of 250 at Encina Hall last
night, Stan Shpetner charged that
he "was ordered oIT the stage by
Martin Anderson before yesterday's
election assembly when I demanded
to speak against the 1.5.C."
Both sides got their chance last
night, as both Bill Fairer, I.S.C.
nominee, and Shpetner aired their
pro and con views about the con
troversial subject.
"Why send a couple of guys over
for six weeks when we could send
them for nine months?" Shpetner
asked. "How can anybody expect,
to understand a whole country on
what amounts to nothing more than
a Cook's tour? The I.S.C. is being
railroaded."
Fairer outline'! specific aims of
the I.S.C!. "We can establish con
tacts, really interest our student
body in an active way, and lay the
groundwork for an expansion of the
program under the Fulbright Bill,"
he said.
Speaking before a freshman au
dience of 250 at Encina Hall last
night, Stan Shpetner charged that
he "was ordered oIT the stage by
Martin Anderson before yesterday's
election assembly when I demanded
to speak against the 1.5.C."
Both sides got their chance last
night, as both Bill Fairer, I.S.C.
nominee, and Shpetner aired their
pro and con views about the con
troversial subject.
"Why send a couple of guys over
for six weeks when we could send
them for nine months?" Shpetner
asked. "How can anybody expect,
to understand a whole country on
what amounts to nothing more than
a Cook's tour? The I.S.C. is being
railroaded."
Fairer outline'! specific aims of
the I.S.C!. "We can establish con
tacts, really interest our student
body in an active way, and lay the
groundwork for an expansion of the
program under the Fulbright Bill,"
he said.
Speaking before a freshman au
dience of 250 at Encina Hall last
night, Stan Shpetner charged that
he "was ordered oIT the stage by
Martin Anderson before yesterday's
election assembly when I demanded
to speak against the 1.5.C."
Both sides got their chance last
night, as both Bill Fairer, I.S.C.
nominee, and Shpetner aired their
pro and con views about the con
troversial subject.
"Why send a couple of guys over
for six weeks when we could send
them for nine months?" Shpetner
asked. "How can anybody expect,
to understand a whole country on
what amounts to nothing more than
a Cook's tour? The I.S.C. is being
railroaded."
Fairer outline'! specific aims of
the I.S.C!. "We can establish con
tacts, really interest our student
body in an active way, and lay the
groundwork for an expansion of the
program under the Fulbright Bill,"
he said.
Speaking before a freshman au
dience of 250 at Encina Hall last
night, Stan Shpetner charged that
he "was ordered oIT the stage by
Martin Anderson before yesterday's
election assembly when I demanded
to speak against the 1.5.C."
Both sides got their chance last
night, as both Bill Fairer, I.S.C.
nominee, and Shpetner aired their
pro and con views about the con
troversial subject.
"Why send a couple of guys over
for six weeks when we could send
them for nine months?" Shpetner
asked. "How can anybody expect,
to understand a whole country on
what amounts to nothing more than
a Cook's tour? The I.S.C. is being
railroaded."
Fairer outline'! specific aims of
the I.S.C!. "We can establish con
tacts, really interest our student
body in an active way, and lay the
groundwork for an expansion of the
program under the Fulbright Bill,"
he said.
Speaking before a freshman au
dience of 250 at Encina Hall last
night, Stan Shpetner charged that
he "was ordered oIT the stage by
Martin Anderson before yesterday's
election assembly when I demanded
to speak against the 1.5.C."
Both sides got their chance last
night, as both Bill Fairer, I.S.C.
nominee, and Shpetner aired their
pro and con views about the con
troversial subject.
"Why send a couple of guys over
for six weeks when we could send
them for nine months?" Shpetner
asked. "How can anybody expect,
to understand a whole country on
what amounts to nothing more than
a Cook's tour? The I.S.C. is being
railroaded."
Fairer outline'! specific aims of
the I.S.C!. "We can establish con
tacts, really interest our student
body in an active way, and lay the
groundwork for an expansion of the
program under the Fulbright Bill,"
he said.
Speaking before a freshman au
dience of 250 at Encina Hall last
night, Stan Shpetner charged that
he "was ordered oIT the stage by
Martin Anderson before yesterday's
election assembly when I demanded
to speak against the 1.5.C."
Both sides got their chance last
night, as both Bill Fairer, I.S.C.
nominee, and Shpetner aired their
pro and con views about the con
troversial subject.
"Why send a couple of guys over
for six weeks when we could send
them for nine months?" Shpetner
asked. "How can anybody expect,
to understand a whole country on
what amounts to nothing more than
a Cook's tour? The I.S.C. is being
railroaded."
Fairer outline'! specific aims of
the I.S.C!. "We can establish con
tacts, really interest our student
body in an active way, and lay the
groundwork for an expansion of the
program under the Fulbright Bill,"
he said.
Speaking before a freshman au
dience of 250 at Encina Hall last
night, Stan Shpetner charged that
he "was ordered oIT the stage by
Martin Anderson before yesterday's
election assembly when I demanded
to speak against the 1.5.C."
Both sides got their chance last
night, as both Bill Fairer, I.S.C.
nominee, and Shpetner aired their
pro and con views about the con
troversial subject.
"Why send a couple of guys over
for six weeks when we could send
them for nine months?" Shpetner
asked. "How can anybody expect,
to understand a whole country on
what amounts to nothing more than
a Cook's tour? The I.S.C. is being
railroaded."
Fairer outline'! specific aims of
the I.S.C!. "We can establish con
tacts, really interest our student
body in an active way, and lay the
groundwork for an expansion of the
program under the Fulbright Bill,"
he said.
Speaking before a freshman au
dience of 250 at Encina Hall last
night, Stan Shpetner charged that
he "was ordered oIT the stage by
Martin Anderson before yesterday's
election assembly when I demanded
to speak against the 1.5.C."
Both sides got their chance last
night, as both Bill Fairer, I.S.C.
nominee, and Shpetner aired their
pro and con views about the con
troversial subject.
"Why send a couple of guys over
for six weeks when we could send
them for nine months?" Shpetner
asked. "How can anybody expect,
to understand a whole country on
what amounts to nothing more than
a Cook's tour? The I.S.C. is being
railroaded."
Fairer outline'! specific aims of
the I.S.C!. "We can establish con
tacts, really interest our student
body in an active way, and lay the
groundwork for an expansion of the
program under the Fulbright Bill,"
he said.
