# W.C. Halsey Dead.
## 
### 
News was received here lute this
afternoon of the death of W. C.
Halsey, '08, which occurred at the
Lane hospital at 3:25 this after
noon. His death was caused by
pneumonia, contacted at the hos
pital while being treated for ap
pendicitis.
News was received here lute this
afternoon of the death of W. C.
Halsey, '08, which occurred at the
Lane hospital at 3:25 this after
noon. His death was caused by
pneumonia, contacted at the hos
pital while being treated for ap
pendicitis.
News was received here lute this
afternoon of the death of W. C.
Halsey, '08, which occurred at the
Lane hospital at 3:25 this after
noon. His death was caused by
pneumonia, contacted at the hos
pital while being treated for ap
pendicitis.
News was received here lute this
afternoon of the death of W. C.
Halsey, '08, which occurred at the
Lane hospital at 3:25 this after
noon. His death was caused by
pneumonia, contacted at the hos
pital while being treated for ap
pendicitis.
News was received here lute this
afternoon of the death of W. C.
Halsey, '08, which occurred at the
Lane hospital at 3:25 this after
noon. His death was caused by
pneumonia, contacted at the hos
pital while being treated for ap
pendicitis.
News was received here lute this
afternoon of the death of W. C.
Halsey, '08, which occurred at the
Lane hospital at 3:25 this after
noon. His death was caused by
pneumonia, contacted at the hos
pital while being treated for ap
pendicitis.
News was received here lute this
afternoon of the death of W. C.
Halsey, '08, which occurred at the
Lane hospital at 3:25 this after
noon. His death was caused by
pneumonia, contacted at the hos
pital while being treated for ap
pendicitis.
