# Business School Group Holds Meet With Hoover
## 
### 
Discussing current economic prob
lems and governmental policies,
members of the second year class
and faculty of the Graduate School
of Business met with ex-President
Hoover last Friday evening at his
home on San Juan Hill. Results of
the discussion were not. revealed.
Discussing current economic prob
lems and governmental policies,
members of the second year class
and faculty of the Graduate School
of Business met with ex-President
Hoover last Friday evening at his
home on San Juan Hill. Results of
the discussion were not. revealed.
Discussing current economic prob
lems and governmental policies,
members of the second year class
and faculty of the Graduate School
of Business met with ex-President
Hoover last Friday evening at his
home on San Juan Hill. Results of
the discussion were not. revealed.
Discussing current economic prob
lems and governmental policies,
members of the second year class
and faculty of the Graduate School
of Business met with ex-President
Hoover last Friday evening at his
home on San Juan Hill. Results of
the discussion were not. revealed.
Discussing current economic prob
lems and governmental policies,
members of the second year class
and faculty of the Graduate School
of Business met with ex-President
Hoover last Friday evening at his
home on San Juan Hill. Results of
the discussion were not. revealed.
Discussing current economic prob
lems and governmental policies,
members of the second year class
and faculty of the Graduate School
of Business met with ex-President
Hoover last Friday evening at his
home on San Juan Hill. Results of
the discussion were not. revealed.
Discussing current economic prob
lems and governmental policies,
members of the second year class
and faculty of the Graduate School
of Business met with ex-President
Hoover last Friday evening at his
home on San Juan Hill. Results of
the discussion were not. revealed.
Discussing current economic prob
lems and governmental policies,
members of the second year class
and faculty of the Graduate School
of Business met with ex-President
Hoover last Friday evening at his
home on San Juan Hill. Results of
the discussion were not. revealed.
Discussing current economic prob
lems and governmental policies,
members of the second year class
and faculty of the Graduate School
of Business met with ex-President
Hoover last Friday evening at his
home on San Juan Hill. Results of
the discussion were not. revealed.
Discussing current economic prob
lems and governmental policies,
members of the second year class
and faculty of the Graduate School
of Business met with ex-President
Hoover last Friday evening at his
home on San Juan Hill. Results of
the discussion were not. revealed.
Discussing current economic prob
lems and governmental policies,
members of the second year class
and faculty of the Graduate School
of Business met with ex-President
Hoover last Friday evening at his
home on San Juan Hill. Results of
the discussion were not. revealed.
Discussing current economic prob
lems and governmental policies,
members of the second year class
and faculty of the Graduate School
of Business met with ex-President
Hoover last Friday evening at his
home on San Juan Hill. Results of
the discussion were not. revealed.
Discussing current economic prob
lems and governmental policies,
members of the second year class
and faculty of the Graduate School
of Business met with ex-President
Hoover last Friday evening at his
home on San Juan Hill. Results of
the discussion were not. revealed.
Discussing current economic prob
lems and governmental policies,
members of the second year class
and faculty of the Graduate School
of Business met with ex-President
Hoover last Friday evening at his
home on San Juan Hill. Results of
the discussion were not. revealed.
Discussing current economic prob
lems and governmental policies,
members of the second year class
and faculty of the Graduate School
of Business met with ex-President
Hoover last Friday evening at his
home on San Juan Hill. Results of
the discussion were not. revealed.
