# Cage Ducats Put on Sale
## 
### 
Rooters' tickets for the first Stan
ford-California baskethuil game, Sat
urday, January ,20, go on sale to
day at the A.S.S.U. office, and will
continue on sale on Tuesday and
Wednesday.
The price of rooters' tickets will
be 40 cents. Besides the one root
ers' ticket students may buy all the
regular admission pasteboards at 75
cents they desire.
Only 1,500 tickets have been re
served for Stanford supporters; the
rest of the seats in the Encina Pa
vilion have been reserved for Bear
fans. Stanford rooters aie urged to
pet their ducats as soon as possible
since Ihe 1,500 seat bloc will go on
;i strictly first-come, first-served
basis.
Rooters' tickets for the first Stan
ford-California baskethuil game, Sat
urday, January ,20, go on sale to
day at the A.S.S.U. office, and will
continue on sale on Tuesday and
Wednesday.
The price of rooters' tickets will
be 40 cents. Besides the one root
ers' ticket students may buy all the
regular admission pasteboards at 75
cents they desire.
Only 1,500 tickets have been re
served for Stanford supporters; the
rest of the seats in the Encina Pa
vilion have been reserved for Bear
fans. Stanford rooters aie urged to
pet their ducats as soon as possible
since Ihe 1,500 seat bloc will go on
;i strictly first-come, first-served
basis.
Rooters' tickets for the first Stan
ford-California baskethuil game, Sat
urday, January ,20, go on sale to
day at the A.S.S.U. office, and will
continue on sale on Tuesday and
Wednesday.
The price of rooters' tickets will
be 40 cents. Besides the one root
ers' ticket students may buy all the
regular admission pasteboards at 75
cents they desire.
Only 1,500 tickets have been re
served for Stanford supporters; the
rest of the seats in the Encina Pa
vilion have been reserved for Bear
fans. Stanford rooters aie urged to
pet their ducats as soon as possible
since Ihe 1,500 seat bloc will go on
;i strictly first-come, first-served
basis.
Rooters' tickets for the first Stan
ford-California baskethuil game, Sat
urday, January ,20, go on sale to
day at the A.S.S.U. office, and will
continue on sale on Tuesday and
Wednesday.
The price of rooters' tickets will
be 40 cents. Besides the one root
ers' ticket students may buy all the
regular admission pasteboards at 75
cents they desire.
Only 1,500 tickets have been re
served for Stanford supporters; the
rest of the seats in the Encina Pa
vilion have been reserved for Bear
fans. Stanford rooters aie urged to
pet their ducats as soon as possible
since Ihe 1,500 seat bloc will go on
;i strictly first-come, first-served
basis.
Rooters' tickets for the first Stan
ford-California baskethuil game, Sat
urday, January ,20, go on sale to
day at the A.S.S.U. office, and will
continue on sale on Tuesday and
Wednesday.
The price of rooters' tickets will
be 40 cents. Besides the one root
ers' ticket students may buy all the
regular admission pasteboards at 75
cents they desire.
Only 1,500 tickets have been re
served for Stanford supporters; the
rest of the seats in the Encina Pa
vilion have been reserved for Bear
fans. Stanford rooters aie urged to
pet their ducats as soon as possible
since Ihe 1,500 seat bloc will go on
;i strictly first-come, first-served
basis.
Rooters' tickets for the first Stan
ford-California baskethuil game, Sat
urday, January ,20, go on sale to
day at the A.S.S.U. office, and will
continue on sale on Tuesday and
Wednesday.
The price of rooters' tickets will
be 40 cents. Besides the one root
ers' ticket students may buy all the
regular admission pasteboards at 75
cents they desire.
Only 1,500 tickets have been re
served for Stanford supporters; the
rest of the seats in the Encina Pa
vilion have been reserved for Bear
fans. Stanford rooters aie urged to
pet their ducats as soon as possible
since Ihe 1,500 seat bloc will go on
;i strictly first-come, first-served
basis.
Rooters' tickets for the first Stan
ford-California baskethuil game, Sat
urday, January ,20, go on sale to
day at the A.S.S.U. office, and will
continue on sale on Tuesday and
Wednesday.
The price of rooters' tickets will
be 40 cents. Besides the one root
ers' ticket students may buy all the
regular admission pasteboards at 75
cents they desire.
Only 1,500 tickets have been re
served for Stanford supporters; the
rest of the seats in the Encina Pa
vilion have been reserved for Bear
fans. Stanford rooters aie urged to
pet their ducats as soon as possible
since Ihe 1,500 seat bloc will go on
;i strictly first-come, first-served
basis.
Rooters' tickets for the first Stan
ford-California baskethuil game, Sat
urday, January ,20, go on sale to
day at the A.S.S.U. office, and will
continue on sale on Tuesday and
Wednesday.
The price of rooters' tickets will
be 40 cents. Besides the one root
ers' ticket students may buy all the
regular admission pasteboards at 75
cents they desire.
Only 1,500 tickets have been re
served for Stanford supporters; the
rest of the seats in the Encina Pa
vilion have been reserved for Bear
fans. Stanford rooters aie urged to
pet their ducats as soon as possible
since Ihe 1,500 seat bloc will go on
;i strictly first-come, first-served
basis.
Rooters' tickets for the first Stan
ford-California baskethuil game, Sat
urday, January ,20, go on sale to
day at the A.S.S.U. office, and will
continue on sale on Tuesday and
Wednesday.
The price of rooters' tickets will
be 40 cents. Besides the one root
ers' ticket students may buy all the
regular admission pasteboards at 75
cents they desire.
Only 1,500 tickets have been re
served for Stanford supporters; the
rest of the seats in the Encina Pa
vilion have been reserved for Bear
fans. Stanford rooters aie urged to
pet their ducats as soon as possible
since Ihe 1,500 seat bloc will go on
;i strictly first-come, first-served
basis.
Rooters' tickets for the first Stan
ford-California baskethuil game, Sat
urday, January ,20, go on sale to
day at the A.S.S.U. office, and will
continue on sale on Tuesday and
Wednesday.
The price of rooters' tickets will
be 40 cents. Besides the one root
ers' ticket students may buy all the
regular admission pasteboards at 75
cents they desire.
Only 1,500 tickets have been re
served for Stanford supporters; the
rest of the seats in the Encina Pa
vilion have been reserved for Bear
fans. Stanford rooters aie urged to
pet their ducats as soon as possible
since Ihe 1,500 seat bloc will go on
;i strictly first-come, first-served
basis.
Rooters' tickets for the first Stan
ford-California baskethuil game, Sat
urday, January ,20, go on sale to
day at the A.S.S.U. office, and will
continue on sale on Tuesday and
Wednesday.
The price of rooters' tickets will
be 40 cents. Besides the one root
ers' ticket students may buy all the
regular admission pasteboards at 75
cents they desire.
Only 1,500 tickets have been re
served for Stanford supporters; the
rest of the seats in the Encina Pa
vilion have been reserved for Bear
fans. Stanford rooters aie urged to
pet their ducats as soon as possible
since Ihe 1,500 seat bloc will go on
;i strictly first-come, first-served
basis.
Rooters' tickets for the first Stan
ford-California baskethuil game, Sat
urday, January ,20, go on sale to
day at the A.S.S.U. office, and will
continue on sale on Tuesday and
Wednesday.
The price of rooters' tickets will
be 40 cents. Besides the one root
ers' ticket students may buy all the
regular admission pasteboards at 75
cents they desire.
Only 1,500 tickets have been re
served for Stanford supporters; the
rest of the seats in the Encina Pa
vilion have been reserved for Bear
fans. Stanford rooters aie urged to
pet their ducats as soon as possible
since Ihe 1,500 seat bloc will go on
;i strictly first-come, first-served
basis.
Rooters' tickets for the first Stan
ford-California baskethuil game, Sat
urday, January ,20, go on sale to
day at the A.S.S.U. office, and will
continue on sale on Tuesday and
Wednesday.
The price of rooters' tickets will
be 40 cents. Besides the one root
ers' ticket students may buy all the
regular admission pasteboards at 75
cents they desire.
Only 1,500 tickets have been re
served for Stanford supporters; the
rest of the seats in the Encina Pa
vilion have been reserved for Bear
fans. Stanford rooters aie urged to
pet their ducats as soon as possible
since Ihe 1,500 seat bloc will go on
;i strictly first-come, first-served
basis.
Rooters' tickets for the first Stan
ford-California baskethuil game, Sat
urday, January ,20, go on sale to
day at the A.S.S.U. office, and will
continue on sale on Tuesday and
Wednesday.
The price of rooters' tickets will
be 40 cents. Besides the one root
ers' ticket students may buy all the
regular admission pasteboards at 75
cents they desire.
Only 1,500 tickets have been re
served for Stanford supporters; the
rest of the seats in the Encina Pa
vilion have been reserved for Bear
fans. Stanford rooters aie urged to
pet their ducats as soon as possible
since Ihe 1,500 seat bloc will go on
;i strictly first-come, first-served
basis.
Rooters' tickets for the first Stan
ford-California baskethuil game, Sat
urday, January ,20, go on sale to
day at the A.S.S.U. office, and will
continue on sale on Tuesday and
Wednesday.
The price of rooters' tickets will
be 40 cents. Besides the one root
ers' ticket students may buy all the
regular admission pasteboards at 75
cents they desire.
Only 1,500 tickets have been re
served for Stanford supporters; the
rest of the seats in the Encina Pa
vilion have been reserved for Bear
fans. Stanford rooters aie urged to
pet their ducats as soon as possible
since Ihe 1,500 seat bloc will go on
;i strictly first-come, first-served
basis.
