# Bloody China
## 
### 
Disorderly China was more dis
(lderly than usual last week. Na
tional government managed to quell
menacing retreat. Capiial city Foo
chow feared probable looting by
guerilla bands, neighboring Kwan
tung expects trouble shortly. Any
way, half a dozen missionaries are
unaccounted for.

Meanwhile, way up north in Man
chukuo, puppet Emperor Henry Pu-
Yi was getting ready to be a real
one on March 1, was even picking
out his coronation robes—with Jap
assistance.
Disorderly China was more dis
(lderly than usual last week. Na
tional government managed to quell
menacing retreat. Capiial city Foo
chow feared probable looting by
guerilla bands, neighboring Kwan
tung expects trouble shortly. Any
way, half a dozen missionaries are
unaccounted for.

Meanwhile, way up north in Man
chukuo, puppet Emperor Henry Pu-
Yi was getting ready to be a real
one on March 1, was even picking
out his coronation robes—with Jap
assistance.
Disorderly China was more dis
(lderly than usual last week. Na
tional government managed to quell
menacing retreat. Capiial city Foo
chow feared probable looting by
guerilla bands, neighboring Kwan
tung expects trouble shortly. Any
way, half a dozen missionaries are
unaccounted for.

Meanwhile, way up north in Man
chukuo, puppet Emperor Henry Pu-
Yi was getting ready to be a real
one on March 1, was even picking
out his coronation robes—with Jap
assistance.
Disorderly China was more dis
(lderly than usual last week. Na
tional government managed to quell
menacing retreat. Capiial city Foo
chow feared probable looting by
guerilla bands, neighboring Kwan
tung expects trouble shortly. Any
way, half a dozen missionaries are
unaccounted for.

Meanwhile, way up north in Man
chukuo, puppet Emperor Henry Pu-
Yi was getting ready to be a real
one on March 1, was even picking
out his coronation robes—with Jap
assistance.
Disorderly China was more dis
(lderly than usual last week. Na
tional government managed to quell
menacing retreat. Capiial city Foo
chow feared probable looting by
guerilla bands, neighboring Kwan
tung expects trouble shortly. Any
way, half a dozen missionaries are
unaccounted for.

Meanwhile, way up north in Man
chukuo, puppet Emperor Henry Pu-
Yi was getting ready to be a real
one on March 1, was even picking
out his coronation robes—with Jap
assistance.
Disorderly China was more dis
(lderly than usual last week. Na
tional government managed to quell
menacing retreat. Capiial city Foo
chow feared probable looting by
guerilla bands, neighboring Kwan
tung expects trouble shortly. Any
way, half a dozen missionaries are
unaccounted for.

Meanwhile, way up north in Man
chukuo, puppet Emperor Henry Pu-
Yi was getting ready to be a real
one on March 1, was even picking
out his coronation robes—with Jap
assistance.
Disorderly China was more dis
(lderly than usual last week. Na
tional government managed to quell
menacing retreat. Capiial city Foo
chow feared probable looting by
guerilla bands, neighboring Kwan
tung expects trouble shortly. Any
way, half a dozen missionaries are
unaccounted for.

Meanwhile, way up north in Man
chukuo, puppet Emperor Henry Pu-
Yi was getting ready to be a real
one on March 1, was even picking
out his coronation robes—with Jap
assistance.
Disorderly China was more dis
(lderly than usual last week. Na
tional government managed to quell
menacing retreat. Capiial city Foo
chow feared probable looting by
guerilla bands, neighboring Kwan
tung expects trouble shortly. Any
way, half a dozen missionaries are
unaccounted for.

Meanwhile, way up north in Man
chukuo, puppet Emperor Henry Pu-
Yi was getting ready to be a real
one on March 1, was even picking
out his coronation robes—with Jap
assistance.
Disorderly China was more dis
(lderly than usual last week. Na
tional government managed to quell
menacing retreat. Capiial city Foo
chow feared probable looting by
guerilla bands, neighboring Kwan
tung expects trouble shortly. Any
way, half a dozen missionaries are
unaccounted for.

Meanwhile, way up north in Man
chukuo, puppet Emperor Henry Pu-
Yi was getting ready to be a real
one on March 1, was even picking
out his coronation robes—with Jap
assistance.
Disorderly China was more dis
(lderly than usual last week. Na
tional government managed to quell
menacing retreat. Capiial city Foo
chow feared probable looting by
guerilla bands, neighboring Kwan
tung expects trouble shortly. Any
way, half a dozen missionaries are
unaccounted for.

Meanwhile, way up north in Man
chukuo, puppet Emperor Henry Pu-
Yi was getting ready to be a real
one on March 1, was even picking
out his coronation robes—with Jap
assistance.
Disorderly China was more dis
(lderly than usual last week. Na
tional government managed to quell
menacing retreat. Capiial city Foo
chow feared probable looting by
guerilla bands, neighboring Kwan
tung expects trouble shortly. Any
way, half a dozen missionaries are
unaccounted for.

Meanwhile, way up north in Man
chukuo, puppet Emperor Henry Pu-
Yi was getting ready to be a real
one on March 1, was even picking
out his coronation robes—with Jap
assistance.
Disorderly China was more dis
(lderly than usual last week. Na
tional government managed to quell
menacing retreat. Capiial city Foo
chow feared probable looting by
guerilla bands, neighboring Kwan
tung expects trouble shortly. Any
way, half a dozen missionaries are
unaccounted for.

Meanwhile, way up north in Man
chukuo, puppet Emperor Henry Pu-
Yi was getting ready to be a real
one on March 1, was even picking
out his coronation robes—with Jap
assistance.
Disorderly China was more dis
(lderly than usual last week. Na
tional government managed to quell
menacing retreat. Capiial city Foo
chow feared probable looting by
guerilla bands, neighboring Kwan
tung expects trouble shortly. Any
way, half a dozen missionaries are
unaccounted for.

Meanwhile, way up north in Man
chukuo, puppet Emperor Henry Pu-
Yi was getting ready to be a real
one on March 1, was even picking
out his coronation robes—with Jap
assistance.
Disorderly China was more dis
(lderly than usual last week. Na
tional government managed to quell
menacing retreat. Capiial city Foo
chow feared probable looting by
guerilla bands, neighboring Kwan
tung expects trouble shortly. Any
way, half a dozen missionaries are
unaccounted for.

Meanwhile, way up north in Man
chukuo, puppet Emperor Henry Pu-
Yi was getting ready to be a real
one on March 1, was even picking
out his coronation robes—with Jap
assistance.
Disorderly China was more dis
(lderly than usual last week. Na
tional government managed to quell
menacing retreat. Capiial city Foo
chow feared probable looting by
guerilla bands, neighboring Kwan
tung expects trouble shortly. Any
way, half a dozen missionaries are
unaccounted for.

Meanwhile, way up north in Man
chukuo, puppet Emperor Henry Pu-
Yi was getting ready to be a real
one on March 1, was even picking
out his coronation robes—with Jap
assistance.
