# Prince and Princess Sail—Destination, Reunion
## 
### 

•me I'rince and Princess Mdivani, she was Barbara liutton, $40,000,000 Woolworth heiress, were on the high
seas today—but they were on widely separated ships. The Princess Barbara sailed from San Francisco
ensconsed in a "royal suite" of 13 rooms aboard the Talsuta Maru while her "royal" husband, the Prince
Alexis, steamed out the Straits of Juan de Fuca aboard the less palatial liner Hikawa Maru. They will be
reunited in Yokohama about two weeks hence.

•me I'rince and Princess Mdivani, she was Barbara liutton, $40,000,000 Woolworth heiress, were on the high
seas today—but they were on widely separated ships. The Princess Barbara sailed from San Francisco
ensconsed in a "royal suite" of 13 rooms aboard the Talsuta Maru while her "royal" husband, the Prince
Alexis, steamed out the Straits of Juan de Fuca aboard the less palatial liner Hikawa Maru. They will be
reunited in Yokohama about two weeks hence.

•me I'rince and Princess Mdivani, she was Barbara liutton, $40,000,000 Woolworth heiress, were on the high
seas today—but they were on widely separated ships. The Princess Barbara sailed from San Francisco
ensconsed in a "royal suite" of 13 rooms aboard the Talsuta Maru while her "royal" husband, the Prince
Alexis, steamed out the Straits of Juan de Fuca aboard the less palatial liner Hikawa Maru. They will be
reunited in Yokohama about two weeks hence.

•me I'rince and Princess Mdivani, she was Barbara liutton, $40,000,000 Woolworth heiress, were on the high
seas today—but they were on widely separated ships. The Princess Barbara sailed from San Francisco
ensconsed in a "royal suite" of 13 rooms aboard the Talsuta Maru while her "royal" husband, the Prince
Alexis, steamed out the Straits of Juan de Fuca aboard the less palatial liner Hikawa Maru. They will be
reunited in Yokohama about two weeks hence.

•me I'rince and Princess Mdivani, she was Barbara liutton, $40,000,000 Woolworth heiress, were on the high
seas today—but they were on widely separated ships. The Princess Barbara sailed from San Francisco
ensconsed in a "royal suite" of 13 rooms aboard the Talsuta Maru while her "royal" husband, the Prince
Alexis, steamed out the Straits of Juan de Fuca aboard the less palatial liner Hikawa Maru. They will be
reunited in Yokohama about two weeks hence.

•me I'rince and Princess Mdivani, she was Barbara liutton, $40,000,000 Woolworth heiress, were on the high
seas today—but they were on widely separated ships. The Princess Barbara sailed from San Francisco
ensconsed in a "royal suite" of 13 rooms aboard the Talsuta Maru while her "royal" husband, the Prince
Alexis, steamed out the Straits of Juan de Fuca aboard the less palatial liner Hikawa Maru. They will be
reunited in Yokohama about two weeks hence.

•me I'rince and Princess Mdivani, she was Barbara liutton, $40,000,000 Woolworth heiress, were on the high
seas today—but they were on widely separated ships. The Princess Barbara sailed from San Francisco
ensconsed in a "royal suite" of 13 rooms aboard the Talsuta Maru while her "royal" husband, the Prince
Alexis, steamed out the Straits of Juan de Fuca aboard the less palatial liner Hikawa Maru. They will be
reunited in Yokohama about two weeks hence.

•me I'rince and Princess Mdivani, she was Barbara liutton, $40,000,000 Woolworth heiress, were on the high
seas today—but they were on widely separated ships. The Princess Barbara sailed from San Francisco
ensconsed in a "royal suite" of 13 rooms aboard the Talsuta Maru while her "royal" husband, the Prince
Alexis, steamed out the Straits of Juan de Fuca aboard the less palatial liner Hikawa Maru. They will be
reunited in Yokohama about two weeks hence.

•me I'rince and Princess Mdivani, she was Barbara liutton, $40,000,000 Woolworth heiress, were on the high
seas today—but they were on widely separated ships. The Princess Barbara sailed from San Francisco
ensconsed in a "royal suite" of 13 rooms aboard the Talsuta Maru while her "royal" husband, the Prince
Alexis, steamed out the Straits of Juan de Fuca aboard the less palatial liner Hikawa Maru. They will be
reunited in Yokohama about two weeks hence.

•me I'rince and Princess Mdivani, she was Barbara liutton, $40,000,000 Woolworth heiress, were on the high
seas today—but they were on widely separated ships. The Princess Barbara sailed from San Francisco
ensconsed in a "royal suite" of 13 rooms aboard the Talsuta Maru while her "royal" husband, the Prince
Alexis, steamed out the Straits of Juan de Fuca aboard the less palatial liner Hikawa Maru. They will be
reunited in Yokohama about two weeks hence.

•me I'rince and Princess Mdivani, she was Barbara liutton, $40,000,000 Woolworth heiress, were on the high
seas today—but they were on widely separated ships. The Princess Barbara sailed from San Francisco
ensconsed in a "royal suite" of 13 rooms aboard the Talsuta Maru while her "royal" husband, the Prince
Alexis, steamed out the Straits of Juan de Fuca aboard the less palatial liner Hikawa Maru. They will be
reunited in Yokohama about two weeks hence.

•me I'rince and Princess Mdivani, she was Barbara liutton, $40,000,000 Woolworth heiress, were on the high
seas today—but they were on widely separated ships. The Princess Barbara sailed from San Francisco
ensconsed in a "royal suite" of 13 rooms aboard the Talsuta Maru while her "royal" husband, the Prince
Alexis, steamed out the Straits of Juan de Fuca aboard the less palatial liner Hikawa Maru. They will be
reunited in Yokohama about two weeks hence.

•me I'rince and Princess Mdivani, she was Barbara liutton, $40,000,000 Woolworth heiress, were on the high
seas today—but they were on widely separated ships. The Princess Barbara sailed from San Francisco
ensconsed in a "royal suite" of 13 rooms aboard the Talsuta Maru while her "royal" husband, the Prince
Alexis, steamed out the Straits of Juan de Fuca aboard the less palatial liner Hikawa Maru. They will be
reunited in Yokohama about two weeks hence.

•me I'rince and Princess Mdivani, she was Barbara liutton, $40,000,000 Woolworth heiress, were on the high
seas today—but they were on widely separated ships. The Princess Barbara sailed from San Francisco
ensconsed in a "royal suite" of 13 rooms aboard the Talsuta Maru while her "royal" husband, the Prince
Alexis, steamed out the Straits of Juan de Fuca aboard the less palatial liner Hikawa Maru. They will be
reunited in Yokohama about two weeks hence.

•me I'rince and Princess Mdivani, she was Barbara liutton, $40,000,000 Woolworth heiress, were on the high
seas today—but they were on widely separated ships. The Princess Barbara sailed from San Francisco
ensconsed in a "royal suite" of 13 rooms aboard the Talsuta Maru while her "royal" husband, the Prince
Alexis, steamed out the Straits of Juan de Fuca aboard the less palatial liner Hikawa Maru. They will be
reunited in Yokohama about two weeks hence.
