# Drive For Red Cross To Start on Campus
## 
### 
The annual roll call of the American
Red Cross, held November 11 to 29,
will be made at Stanford next week
under the direction of Professor Fair
; clough.
This appeal has always been recog
nized by the Social Service Board as
one of peculiar importance and per
sonal interest and therefore made
| separate from the combined campaign
for other agencies being carried on
this week.
The annual roll call of the American
Red Cross, held November 11 to 29,
will be made at Stanford next week
under the direction of Professor Fair
; clough.
This appeal has always been recog
nized by the Social Service Board as
one of peculiar importance and per
sonal interest and therefore made
| separate from the combined campaign
for other agencies being carried on
this week.
The annual roll call of the American
Red Cross, held November 11 to 29,
will be made at Stanford next week
under the direction of Professor Fair
; clough.
This appeal has always been recog
nized by the Social Service Board as
one of peculiar importance and per
sonal interest and therefore made
| separate from the combined campaign
for other agencies being carried on
this week.
The annual roll call of the American
Red Cross, held November 11 to 29,
will be made at Stanford next week
under the direction of Professor Fair
; clough.
This appeal has always been recog
nized by the Social Service Board as
one of peculiar importance and per
sonal interest and therefore made
| separate from the combined campaign
for other agencies being carried on
this week.
The annual roll call of the American
Red Cross, held November 11 to 29,
will be made at Stanford next week
under the direction of Professor Fair
; clough.
This appeal has always been recog
nized by the Social Service Board as
one of peculiar importance and per
sonal interest and therefore made
| separate from the combined campaign
for other agencies being carried on
this week.
The annual roll call of the American
Red Cross, held November 11 to 29,
will be made at Stanford next week
under the direction of Professor Fair
; clough.
This appeal has always been recog
nized by the Social Service Board as
one of peculiar importance and per
sonal interest and therefore made
| separate from the combined campaign
for other agencies being carried on
this week.
The annual roll call of the American
Red Cross, held November 11 to 29,
will be made at Stanford next week
under the direction of Professor Fair
; clough.
This appeal has always been recog
nized by the Social Service Board as
one of peculiar importance and per
sonal interest and therefore made
| separate from the combined campaign
for other agencies being carried on
this week.
The annual roll call of the American
Red Cross, held November 11 to 29,
will be made at Stanford next week
under the direction of Professor Fair
; clough.
This appeal has always been recog
nized by the Social Service Board as
one of peculiar importance and per
sonal interest and therefore made
| separate from the combined campaign
for other agencies being carried on
this week.
The annual roll call of the American
Red Cross, held November 11 to 29,
will be made at Stanford next week
under the direction of Professor Fair
; clough.
This appeal has always been recog
nized by the Social Service Board as
one of peculiar importance and per
sonal interest and therefore made
| separate from the combined campaign
for other agencies being carried on
this week.
The annual roll call of the American
Red Cross, held November 11 to 29,
will be made at Stanford next week
under the direction of Professor Fair
; clough.
This appeal has always been recog
nized by the Social Service Board as
one of peculiar importance and per
sonal interest and therefore made
| separate from the combined campaign
for other agencies being carried on
this week.
The annual roll call of the American
Red Cross, held November 11 to 29,
will be made at Stanford next week
under the direction of Professor Fair
; clough.
This appeal has always been recog
nized by the Social Service Board as
one of peculiar importance and per
sonal interest and therefore made
| separate from the combined campaign
for other agencies being carried on
this week.
The annual roll call of the American
Red Cross, held November 11 to 29,
will be made at Stanford next week
under the direction of Professor Fair
; clough.
This appeal has always been recog
nized by the Social Service Board as
one of peculiar importance and per
sonal interest and therefore made
| separate from the combined campaign
for other agencies being carried on
this week.
The annual roll call of the American
Red Cross, held November 11 to 29,
will be made at Stanford next week
under the direction of Professor Fair
; clough.
This appeal has always been recog
nized by the Social Service Board as
one of peculiar importance and per
sonal interest and therefore made
| separate from the combined campaign
for other agencies being carried on
this week.
The annual roll call of the American
Red Cross, held November 11 to 29,
will be made at Stanford next week
under the direction of Professor Fair
; clough.
This appeal has always been recog
nized by the Social Service Board as
one of peculiar importance and per
sonal interest and therefore made
| separate from the combined campaign
for other agencies being carried on
this week.
The annual roll call of the American
Red Cross, held November 11 to 29,
will be made at Stanford next week
under the direction of Professor Fair
; clough.
This appeal has always been recog
nized by the Social Service Board as
one of peculiar importance and per
sonal interest and therefore made
| separate from the combined campaign
for other agencies being carried on
this week.
