# Henderson Dashes Hopes for Rides On Toy on Elevator
## 
### 
J. R. Henderson, custodian of Toyon
and Encina, squelched all hopes for rides
on the Toyon truck lift this morning
when he announced that the elevator
would be kept under lock and key.
"Either the head janitor or the night
watchman will have charge of the ele
vator, or it will be run by a regular
elevator man only at the beginning and
end of each quarter," says Henderson.
The Toyon elevator is similar to the
ones in Roble and the Union. It will be
ready for use just as soon as safety ap
pliances are installed so that it can be
insured, according to Comptrpller A. E.
Roth.
"Encina has an old elevator
.shaft running up through Jim Delkin's
haberdashery, but it never had an eleva
tor, and probably never will. If there
was an elevator, it would be locked up
all the time, or they would have some
guy stuck between floors all night, sure
as shooting."
J. R. Henderson, custodian of Toyon
and Encina, squelched all hopes for rides
on the Toyon truck lift this morning
when he announced that the elevator
would be kept under lock and key.
"Either the head janitor or the night
watchman will have charge of the ele
vator, or it will be run by a regular
elevator man only at the beginning and
end of each quarter," says Henderson.
The Toyon elevator is similar to the
ones in Roble and the Union. It will be
ready for use just as soon as safety ap
pliances are installed so that it can be
insured, according to Comptrpller A. E.
Roth.
"Encina has an old elevator
.shaft running up through Jim Delkin's
haberdashery, but it never had an eleva
tor, and probably never will. If there
was an elevator, it would be locked up
all the time, or they would have some
guy stuck between floors all night, sure
as shooting."
J. R. Henderson, custodian of Toyon
and Encina, squelched all hopes for rides
on the Toyon truck lift this morning
when he announced that the elevator
would be kept under lock and key.
"Either the head janitor or the night
watchman will have charge of the ele
vator, or it will be run by a regular
elevator man only at the beginning and
end of each quarter," says Henderson.
The Toyon elevator is similar to the
ones in Roble and the Union. It will be
ready for use just as soon as safety ap
pliances are installed so that it can be
insured, according to Comptrpller A. E.
Roth.
"Encina has an old elevator
.shaft running up through Jim Delkin's
haberdashery, but it never had an eleva
tor, and probably never will. If there
was an elevator, it would be locked up
all the time, or they would have some
guy stuck between floors all night, sure
as shooting."
J. R. Henderson, custodian of Toyon
and Encina, squelched all hopes for rides
on the Toyon truck lift this morning
when he announced that the elevator
would be kept under lock and key.
"Either the head janitor or the night
watchman will have charge of the ele
vator, or it will be run by a regular
elevator man only at the beginning and
end of each quarter," says Henderson.
The Toyon elevator is similar to the
ones in Roble and the Union. It will be
ready for use just as soon as safety ap
pliances are installed so that it can be
insured, according to Comptrpller A. E.
Roth.
"Encina has an old elevator
.shaft running up through Jim Delkin's
haberdashery, but it never had an eleva
tor, and probably never will. If there
was an elevator, it would be locked up
all the time, or they would have some
guy stuck between floors all night, sure
as shooting."
J. R. Henderson, custodian of Toyon
and Encina, squelched all hopes for rides
on the Toyon truck lift this morning
when he announced that the elevator
would be kept under lock and key.
"Either the head janitor or the night
watchman will have charge of the ele
vator, or it will be run by a regular
elevator man only at the beginning and
end of each quarter," says Henderson.
The Toyon elevator is similar to the
ones in Roble and the Union. It will be
ready for use just as soon as safety ap
pliances are installed so that it can be
insured, according to Comptrpller A. E.
Roth.
"Encina has an old elevator
.shaft running up through Jim Delkin's
haberdashery, but it never had an eleva
tor, and probably never will. If there
was an elevator, it would be locked up
all the time, or they would have some
guy stuck between floors all night, sure
as shooting."
J. R. Henderson, custodian of Toyon
and Encina, squelched all hopes for rides
on the Toyon truck lift this morning
when he announced that the elevator
would be kept under lock and key.
"Either the head janitor or the night
watchman will have charge of the ele
vator, or it will be run by a regular
elevator man only at the beginning and
end of each quarter," says Henderson.
The Toyon elevator is similar to the
ones in Roble and the Union. It will be
ready for use just as soon as safety ap
pliances are installed so that it can be
insured, according to Comptrpller A. E.
Roth.
"Encina has an old elevator
.shaft running up through Jim Delkin's
haberdashery, but it never had an eleva
tor, and probably never will. If there
was an elevator, it would be locked up
all the time, or they would have some
guy stuck between floors all night, sure
as shooting."
J. R. Henderson, custodian of Toyon
and Encina, squelched all hopes for rides
on the Toyon truck lift this morning
when he announced that the elevator
would be kept under lock and key.
"Either the head janitor or the night
watchman will have charge of the ele
vator, or it will be run by a regular
elevator man only at the beginning and
end of each quarter," says Henderson.
The Toyon elevator is similar to the
ones in Roble and the Union. It will be
ready for use just as soon as safety ap
pliances are installed so that it can be
insured, according to Comptrpller A. E.
Roth.
"Encina has an old elevator
.shaft running up through Jim Delkin's
haberdashery, but it never had an eleva
tor, and probably never will. If there
was an elevator, it would be locked up
all the time, or they would have some
guy stuck between floors all night, sure
as shooting."
J. R. Henderson, custodian of Toyon
and Encina, squelched all hopes for rides
on the Toyon truck lift this morning
when he announced that the elevator
would be kept under lock and key.
"Either the head janitor or the night
watchman will have charge of the ele
vator, or it will be run by a regular
elevator man only at the beginning and
end of each quarter," says Henderson.
The Toyon elevator is similar to the
ones in Roble and the Union. It will be
ready for use just as soon as safety ap
pliances are installed so that it can be
insured, according to Comptrpller A. E.
Roth.
"Encina has an old elevator
.shaft running up through Jim Delkin's
haberdashery, but it never had an eleva
tor, and probably never will. If there
was an elevator, it would be locked up
all the time, or they would have some
guy stuck between floors all night, sure
as shooting."
J. R. Henderson, custodian of Toyon
and Encina, squelched all hopes for rides
on the Toyon truck lift this morning
when he announced that the elevator
would be kept under lock and key.
"Either the head janitor or the night
watchman will have charge of the ele
vator, or it will be run by a regular
elevator man only at the beginning and
end of each quarter," says Henderson.
The Toyon elevator is similar to the
ones in Roble and the Union. It will be
ready for use just as soon as safety ap
pliances are installed so that it can be
insured, according to Comptrpller A. E.
Roth.
"Encina has an old elevator
.shaft running up through Jim Delkin's
haberdashery, but it never had an eleva
tor, and probably never will. If there
was an elevator, it would be locked up
all the time, or they would have some
guy stuck between floors all night, sure
as shooting."
J. R. Henderson, custodian of Toyon
and Encina, squelched all hopes for rides
on the Toyon truck lift this morning
when he announced that the elevator
would be kept under lock and key.
"Either the head janitor or the night
watchman will have charge of the ele
vator, or it will be run by a regular
elevator man only at the beginning and
end of each quarter," says Henderson.
The Toyon elevator is similar to the
ones in Roble and the Union. It will be
ready for use just as soon as safety ap
pliances are installed so that it can be
insured, according to Comptrpller A. E.
Roth.
"Encina has an old elevator
.shaft running up through Jim Delkin's
haberdashery, but it never had an eleva
tor, and probably never will. If there
was an elevator, it would be locked up
all the time, or they would have some
guy stuck between floors all night, sure
as shooting."
J. R. Henderson, custodian of Toyon
and Encina, squelched all hopes for rides
on the Toyon truck lift this morning
when he announced that the elevator
would be kept under lock and key.
"Either the head janitor or the night
watchman will have charge of the ele
vator, or it will be run by a regular
elevator man only at the beginning and
end of each quarter," says Henderson.
The Toyon elevator is similar to the
ones in Roble and the Union. It will be
ready for use just as soon as safety ap
pliances are installed so that it can be
insured, according to Comptrpller A. E.
Roth.
"Encina has an old elevator
.shaft running up through Jim Delkin's
haberdashery, but it never had an eleva
tor, and probably never will. If there
was an elevator, it would be locked up
all the time, or they would have some
guy stuck between floors all night, sure
as shooting."
J. R. Henderson, custodian of Toyon
and Encina, squelched all hopes for rides
on the Toyon truck lift this morning
when he announced that the elevator
would be kept under lock and key.
"Either the head janitor or the night
watchman will have charge of the ele
vator, or it will be run by a regular
elevator man only at the beginning and
end of each quarter," says Henderson.
The Toyon elevator is similar to the
ones in Roble and the Union. It will be
ready for use just as soon as safety ap
pliances are installed so that it can be
insured, according to Comptrpller A. E.
Roth.
"Encina has an old elevator
.shaft running up through Jim Delkin's
haberdashery, but it never had an eleva
tor, and probably never will. If there
was an elevator, it would be locked up
all the time, or they would have some
guy stuck between floors all night, sure
as shooting."
J. R. Henderson, custodian of Toyon
and Encina, squelched all hopes for rides
on the Toyon truck lift this morning
when he announced that the elevator
would be kept under lock and key.
"Either the head janitor or the night
watchman will have charge of the ele
vator, or it will be run by a regular
elevator man only at the beginning and
end of each quarter," says Henderson.
The Toyon elevator is similar to the
ones in Roble and the Union. It will be
ready for use just as soon as safety ap
pliances are installed so that it can be
insured, according to Comptrpller A. E.
Roth.
"Encina has an old elevator
.shaft running up through Jim Delkin's
haberdashery, but it never had an eleva
tor, and probably never will. If there
was an elevator, it would be locked up
all the time, or they would have some
guy stuck between floors all night, sure
as shooting."
J. R. Henderson, custodian of Toyon
and Encina, squelched all hopes for rides
on the Toyon truck lift this morning
when he announced that the elevator
would be kept under lock and key.
"Either the head janitor or the night
watchman will have charge of the ele
vator, or it will be run by a regular
elevator man only at the beginning and
end of each quarter," says Henderson.
The Toyon elevator is similar to the
ones in Roble and the Union. It will be
ready for use just as soon as safety ap
pliances are installed so that it can be
insured, according to Comptrpller A. E.
Roth.
"Encina has an old elevator
.shaft running up through Jim Delkin's
haberdashery, but it never had an eleva
tor, and probably never will. If there
was an elevator, it would be locked up
all the time, or they would have some
guy stuck between floors all night, sure
as shooting."
J. R. Henderson, custodian of Toyon
and Encina, squelched all hopes for rides
on the Toyon truck lift this morning
when he announced that the elevator
would be kept under lock and key.
"Either the head janitor or the night
watchman will have charge of the ele
vator, or it will be run by a regular
elevator man only at the beginning and
end of each quarter," says Henderson.
The Toyon elevator is similar to the
ones in Roble and the Union. It will be
ready for use just as soon as safety ap
pliances are installed so that it can be
insured, according to Comptrpller A. E.
Roth.
"Encina has an old elevator
.shaft running up through Jim Delkin's
haberdashery, but it never had an eleva
tor, and probably never will. If there
was an elevator, it would be locked up
all the time, or they would have some
guy stuck between floors all night, sure
as shooting."
