# Quad.
## 
### 
Prof. H. W. Stuart of the Philosophy
Department will give a course at the
University of Chicago Summer School
on the "Types of Ethical Theory."
This course will only be open to grad
uate students.
Prof. H. W. Stuart of the Philosophy
Department will give a course at the
University of Chicago Summer School
on the "Types of Ethical Theory."
This course will only be open to grad
uate students.
Prof. H. W. Stuart of the Philosophy
Department will give a course at the
University of Chicago Summer School
on the "Types of Ethical Theory."
This course will only be open to grad
uate students.
Prof. H. W. Stuart of the Philosophy
Department will give a course at the
University of Chicago Summer School
on the "Types of Ethical Theory."
This course will only be open to grad
uate students.
Prof. H. W. Stuart of the Philosophy
Department will give a course at the
University of Chicago Summer School
on the "Types of Ethical Theory."
This course will only be open to grad
uate students.
Prof. H. W. Stuart of the Philosophy
Department will give a course at the
University of Chicago Summer School
on the "Types of Ethical Theory."
This course will only be open to grad
uate students.
Prof. H. W. Stuart of the Philosophy
Department will give a course at the
University of Chicago Summer School
on the "Types of Ethical Theory."
This course will only be open to grad
uate students.
Prof. H. W. Stuart of the Philosophy
Department will give a course at the
University of Chicago Summer School
on the "Types of Ethical Theory."
This course will only be open to grad
uate students.
Prof. H. W. Stuart of the Philosophy
Department will give a course at the
University of Chicago Summer School
on the "Types of Ethical Theory."
This course will only be open to grad
uate students.
Prof. H. W. Stuart of the Philosophy
Department will give a course at the
University of Chicago Summer School
on the "Types of Ethical Theory."
This course will only be open to grad
uate students.
