# OREGON "U," O.S.C. ROW
## 
### 
EUGENE, Ore., Oct. 31 (PIP)—As
the time for election draws near, u
bitter campaign is being waged in
Oregon over the Zorn-Macpherson
bill which proposes to combine the
University of Oregon and the Ore
gon State College into one institu
tion to be known as the Oregon
State University to be located at
Corvallis and the consolidation of
the three Oregon teachers colleges
into the Oregon State Teachers Col
lege to be located at Eugene.
EUGENE, Ore., Oct. 31 (PIP)—As
the time for election draws near, u
bitter campaign is being waged in
Oregon over the Zorn-Macpherson
bill which proposes to combine the
University of Oregon and the Ore
gon State College into one institu
tion to be known as the Oregon
State University to be located at
Corvallis and the consolidation of
the three Oregon teachers colleges
into the Oregon State Teachers Col
lege to be located at Eugene.
EUGENE, Ore., Oct. 31 (PIP)—As
the time for election draws near, u
bitter campaign is being waged in
Oregon over the Zorn-Macpherson
bill which proposes to combine the
University of Oregon and the Ore
gon State College into one institu
tion to be known as the Oregon
State University to be located at
Corvallis and the consolidation of
the three Oregon teachers colleges
into the Oregon State Teachers Col
lege to be located at Eugene.
EUGENE, Ore., Oct. 31 (PIP)—As
the time for election draws near, u
bitter campaign is being waged in
Oregon over the Zorn-Macpherson
bill which proposes to combine the
University of Oregon and the Ore
gon State College into one institu
tion to be known as the Oregon
State University to be located at
Corvallis and the consolidation of
the three Oregon teachers colleges
into the Oregon State Teachers Col
lege to be located at Eugene.
EUGENE, Ore., Oct. 31 (PIP)—As
the time for election draws near, u
bitter campaign is being waged in
Oregon over the Zorn-Macpherson
bill which proposes to combine the
University of Oregon and the Ore
gon State College into one institu
tion to be known as the Oregon
State University to be located at
Corvallis and the consolidation of
the three Oregon teachers colleges
into the Oregon State Teachers Col
lege to be located at Eugene.
EUGENE, Ore., Oct. 31 (PIP)—As
the time for election draws near, u
bitter campaign is being waged in
Oregon over the Zorn-Macpherson
bill which proposes to combine the
University of Oregon and the Ore
gon State College into one institu
tion to be known as the Oregon
State University to be located at
Corvallis and the consolidation of
the three Oregon teachers colleges
into the Oregon State Teachers Col
lege to be located at Eugene.
EUGENE, Ore., Oct. 31 (PIP)—As
the time for election draws near, u
bitter campaign is being waged in
Oregon over the Zorn-Macpherson
bill which proposes to combine the
University of Oregon and the Ore
gon State College into one institu
tion to be known as the Oregon
State University to be located at
Corvallis and the consolidation of
the three Oregon teachers colleges
into the Oregon State Teachers Col
lege to be located at Eugene.
EUGENE, Ore., Oct. 31 (PIP)—As
the time for election draws near, u
bitter campaign is being waged in
Oregon over the Zorn-Macpherson
bill which proposes to combine the
University of Oregon and the Ore
gon State College into one institu
tion to be known as the Oregon
State University to be located at
Corvallis and the consolidation of
the three Oregon teachers colleges
into the Oregon State Teachers Col
lege to be located at Eugene.
EUGENE, Ore., Oct. 31 (PIP)—As
the time for election draws near, u
bitter campaign is being waged in
Oregon over the Zorn-Macpherson
bill which proposes to combine the
University of Oregon and the Ore
gon State College into one institu
tion to be known as the Oregon
State University to be located at
Corvallis and the consolidation of
the three Oregon teachers colleges
into the Oregon State Teachers Col
lege to be located at Eugene.
EUGENE, Ore., Oct. 31 (PIP)—As
the time for election draws near, u
bitter campaign is being waged in
Oregon over the Zorn-Macpherson
bill which proposes to combine the
University of Oregon and the Ore
gon State College into one institu
tion to be known as the Oregon
State University to be located at
Corvallis and the consolidation of
the three Oregon teachers colleges
into the Oregon State Teachers Col
lege to be located at Eugene.
EUGENE, Ore., Oct. 31 (PIP)—As
the time for election draws near, u
bitter campaign is being waged in
Oregon over the Zorn-Macpherson
bill which proposes to combine the
University of Oregon and the Ore
gon State College into one institu
tion to be known as the Oregon
State University to be located at
Corvallis and the consolidation of
the three Oregon teachers colleges
into the Oregon State Teachers Col
lege to be located at Eugene.
EUGENE, Ore., Oct. 31 (PIP)—As
the time for election draws near, u
bitter campaign is being waged in
Oregon over the Zorn-Macpherson
bill which proposes to combine the
University of Oregon and the Ore
gon State College into one institu
tion to be known as the Oregon
State University to be located at
Corvallis and the consolidation of
the three Oregon teachers colleges
into the Oregon State Teachers Col
lege to be located at Eugene.
EUGENE, Ore., Oct. 31 (PIP)—As
the time for election draws near, u
bitter campaign is being waged in
Oregon over the Zorn-Macpherson
bill which proposes to combine the
University of Oregon and the Ore
gon State College into one institu
tion to be known as the Oregon
State University to be located at
Corvallis and the consolidation of
the three Oregon teachers colleges
into the Oregon State Teachers Col
lege to be located at Eugene.
EUGENE, Ore., Oct. 31 (PIP)—As
the time for election draws near, u
bitter campaign is being waged in
Oregon over the Zorn-Macpherson
bill which proposes to combine the
University of Oregon and the Ore
gon State College into one institu
tion to be known as the Oregon
State University to be located at
Corvallis and the consolidation of
the three Oregon teachers colleges
into the Oregon State Teachers Col
lege to be located at Eugene.
EUGENE, Ore., Oct. 31 (PIP)—As
the time for election draws near, u
bitter campaign is being waged in
Oregon over the Zorn-Macpherson
bill which proposes to combine the
University of Oregon and the Ore
gon State College into one institu
tion to be known as the Oregon
State University to be located at
Corvallis and the consolidation of
the three Oregon teachers colleges
into the Oregon State Teachers Col
lege to be located at Eugene.
EUGENE, Ore., Oct. 31 (PIP)—As
the time for election draws near, u
bitter campaign is being waged in
Oregon over the Zorn-Macpherson
bill which proposes to combine the
University of Oregon and the Ore
gon State College into one institu
tion to be known as the Oregon
State University to be located at
Corvallis and the consolidation of
the three Oregon teachers colleges
into the Oregon State Teachers Col
lege to be located at Eugene.
