# Freshman Soccer Team Scrimmages Varsity B's
## 
### 
The frosh soccer team resumed
practice tonight after losing a hard
fought game with South San Fran
cisco high school last Saturday.
Coach Buster Holmes stressed fun
damentals and the squad was put
through rigorous forward practice,
as the game Saturday showed a
pronounced weakness in forward
play.
The night's work ended in a
scrimmage with the varsity B's. The
game ran far into the evening and
the only score was made by the
varsity in the last few minutes of
play.
The frosh soccer team resumed
practice tonight after losing a hard
fought game with South San Fran
cisco high school last Saturday.
Coach Buster Holmes stressed fun
damentals and the squad was put
through rigorous forward practice,
as the game Saturday showed a
pronounced weakness in forward
play.
The night's work ended in a
scrimmage with the varsity B's. The
game ran far into the evening and
the only score was made by the
varsity in the last few minutes of
play.
The frosh soccer team resumed
practice tonight after losing a hard
fought game with South San Fran
cisco high school last Saturday.
Coach Buster Holmes stressed fun
damentals and the squad was put
through rigorous forward practice,
as the game Saturday showed a
pronounced weakness in forward
play.
The night's work ended in a
scrimmage with the varsity B's. The
game ran far into the evening and
the only score was made by the
varsity in the last few minutes of
play.
The frosh soccer team resumed
practice tonight after losing a hard
fought game with South San Fran
cisco high school last Saturday.
Coach Buster Holmes stressed fun
damentals and the squad was put
through rigorous forward practice,
as the game Saturday showed a
pronounced weakness in forward
play.
The night's work ended in a
scrimmage with the varsity B's. The
game ran far into the evening and
the only score was made by the
varsity in the last few minutes of
play.
The frosh soccer team resumed
practice tonight after losing a hard
fought game with South San Fran
cisco high school last Saturday.
Coach Buster Holmes stressed fun
damentals and the squad was put
through rigorous forward practice,
as the game Saturday showed a
pronounced weakness in forward
play.
The night's work ended in a
scrimmage with the varsity B's. The
game ran far into the evening and
the only score was made by the
varsity in the last few minutes of
play.
The frosh soccer team resumed
practice tonight after losing a hard
fought game with South San Fran
cisco high school last Saturday.
Coach Buster Holmes stressed fun
damentals and the squad was put
through rigorous forward practice,
as the game Saturday showed a
pronounced weakness in forward
play.
The night's work ended in a
scrimmage with the varsity B's. The
game ran far into the evening and
the only score was made by the
varsity in the last few minutes of
play.
The frosh soccer team resumed
practice tonight after losing a hard
fought game with South San Fran
cisco high school last Saturday.
Coach Buster Holmes stressed fun
damentals and the squad was put
through rigorous forward practice,
as the game Saturday showed a
pronounced weakness in forward
play.
The night's work ended in a
scrimmage with the varsity B's. The
game ran far into the evening and
the only score was made by the
varsity in the last few minutes of
play.
The frosh soccer team resumed
practice tonight after losing a hard
fought game with South San Fran
cisco high school last Saturday.
Coach Buster Holmes stressed fun
damentals and the squad was put
through rigorous forward practice,
as the game Saturday showed a
pronounced weakness in forward
play.
The night's work ended in a
scrimmage with the varsity B's. The
game ran far into the evening and
the only score was made by the
varsity in the last few minutes of
play.
The frosh soccer team resumed
practice tonight after losing a hard
fought game with South San Fran
cisco high school last Saturday.
Coach Buster Holmes stressed fun
damentals and the squad was put
through rigorous forward practice,
as the game Saturday showed a
pronounced weakness in forward
play.
The night's work ended in a
scrimmage with the varsity B's. The
game ran far into the evening and
the only score was made by the
varsity in the last few minutes of
play.
The frosh soccer team resumed
practice tonight after losing a hard
fought game with South San Fran
cisco high school last Saturday.
Coach Buster Holmes stressed fun
damentals and the squad was put
through rigorous forward practice,
as the game Saturday showed a
pronounced weakness in forward
play.
The night's work ended in a
scrimmage with the varsity B's. The
game ran far into the evening and
the only score was made by the
varsity in the last few minutes of
play.
The frosh soccer team resumed
practice tonight after losing a hard
fought game with South San Fran
cisco high school last Saturday.
Coach Buster Holmes stressed fun
damentals and the squad was put
through rigorous forward practice,
as the game Saturday showed a
pronounced weakness in forward
play.
The night's work ended in a
scrimmage with the varsity B's. The
game ran far into the evening and
the only score was made by the
varsity in the last few minutes of
play.
The frosh soccer team resumed
practice tonight after losing a hard
fought game with South San Fran
cisco high school last Saturday.
Coach Buster Holmes stressed fun
damentals and the squad was put
through rigorous forward practice,
as the game Saturday showed a
pronounced weakness in forward
play.
The night's work ended in a
scrimmage with the varsity B's. The
game ran far into the evening and
the only score was made by the
varsity in the last few minutes of
play.
The frosh soccer team resumed
practice tonight after losing a hard
fought game with South San Fran
cisco high school last Saturday.
Coach Buster Holmes stressed fun
damentals and the squad was put
through rigorous forward practice,
as the game Saturday showed a
pronounced weakness in forward
play.
The night's work ended in a
scrimmage with the varsity B's. The
game ran far into the evening and
the only score was made by the
varsity in the last few minutes of
play.
The frosh soccer team resumed
practice tonight after losing a hard
fought game with South San Fran
cisco high school last Saturday.
Coach Buster Holmes stressed fun
damentals and the squad was put
through rigorous forward practice,
as the game Saturday showed a
pronounced weakness in forward
play.
The night's work ended in a
scrimmage with the varsity B's. The
game ran far into the evening and
the only score was made by the
varsity in the last few minutes of
play.
The frosh soccer team resumed
practice tonight after losing a hard
fought game with South San Fran
cisco high school last Saturday.
Coach Buster Holmes stressed fun
damentals and the squad was put
through rigorous forward practice,
as the game Saturday showed a
pronounced weakness in forward
play.
The night's work ended in a
scrimmage with the varsity B's. The
game ran far into the evening and
the only score was made by the
varsity in the last few minutes of
play.
The frosh soccer team resumed
practice tonight after losing a hard
fought game with South San Fran
cisco high school last Saturday.
Coach Buster Holmes stressed fun
damentals and the squad was put
through rigorous forward practice,
as the game Saturday showed a
pronounced weakness in forward
play.
The night's work ended in a
scrimmage with the varsity B's. The
game ran far into the evening and
the only score was made by the
varsity in the last few minutes of
play.
