# Chicago Unemployed Mob Demands Greater Relief
## 
### 
CHICAGO, Oct. 31 (/I s).—Chant
ing "we want bread, Chicago un
employed surged through the Loop
today in a giant, orderly parade and
joined in a mass demonstration at
downtown Grant Park to protest
diminished relief allowances which
had been cut in half during October
for lack of funds. Full allowances
are provided for November.
Traffic was snarled and thousands
lined sidewalks as marchers, flanked
by 1,000 policemen, snaked over
streets in a drizzle of rain.
Defying police orders against red
flags and "infiamatory' bandits,
marchers held aloof crimson ban
ners, the hammer and sickle of
communism, placards protesting
against authorities and signs de
manding additional relief. Chicago
newspapers variously estimated the
number of marchers from 10,000 to
13,000.
CHICAGO, Oct. 31 (/I s).—Chant
ing "we want bread, Chicago un
employed surged through the Loop
today in a giant, orderly parade and
joined in a mass demonstration at
downtown Grant Park to protest
diminished relief allowances which
had been cut in half during October
for lack of funds. Full allowances
are provided for November.
Traffic was snarled and thousands
lined sidewalks as marchers, flanked
by 1,000 policemen, snaked over
streets in a drizzle of rain.
Defying police orders against red
flags and "infiamatory' bandits,
marchers held aloof crimson ban
ners, the hammer and sickle of
communism, placards protesting
against authorities and signs de
manding additional relief. Chicago
newspapers variously estimated the
number of marchers from 10,000 to
13,000.
CHICAGO, Oct. 31 (/I s).—Chant
ing "we want bread, Chicago un
employed surged through the Loop
today in a giant, orderly parade and
joined in a mass demonstration at
downtown Grant Park to protest
diminished relief allowances which
had been cut in half during October
for lack of funds. Full allowances
are provided for November.
Traffic was snarled and thousands
lined sidewalks as marchers, flanked
by 1,000 policemen, snaked over
streets in a drizzle of rain.
Defying police orders against red
flags and "infiamatory' bandits,
marchers held aloof crimson ban
ners, the hammer and sickle of
communism, placards protesting
against authorities and signs de
manding additional relief. Chicago
newspapers variously estimated the
number of marchers from 10,000 to
13,000.
CHICAGO, Oct. 31 (/I s).—Chant
ing "we want bread, Chicago un
employed surged through the Loop
today in a giant, orderly parade and
joined in a mass demonstration at
downtown Grant Park to protest
diminished relief allowances which
had been cut in half during October
for lack of funds. Full allowances
are provided for November.
Traffic was snarled and thousands
lined sidewalks as marchers, flanked
by 1,000 policemen, snaked over
streets in a drizzle of rain.
Defying police orders against red
flags and "infiamatory' bandits,
marchers held aloof crimson ban
ners, the hammer and sickle of
communism, placards protesting
against authorities and signs de
manding additional relief. Chicago
newspapers variously estimated the
number of marchers from 10,000 to
13,000.
CHICAGO, Oct. 31 (/I s).—Chant
ing "we want bread, Chicago un
employed surged through the Loop
today in a giant, orderly parade and
joined in a mass demonstration at
downtown Grant Park to protest
diminished relief allowances which
had been cut in half during October
for lack of funds. Full allowances
are provided for November.
Traffic was snarled and thousands
lined sidewalks as marchers, flanked
by 1,000 policemen, snaked over
streets in a drizzle of rain.
Defying police orders against red
flags and "infiamatory' bandits,
marchers held aloof crimson ban
ners, the hammer and sickle of
communism, placards protesting
against authorities and signs de
manding additional relief. Chicago
newspapers variously estimated the
number of marchers from 10,000 to
13,000.
CHICAGO, Oct. 31 (/I s).—Chant
ing "we want bread, Chicago un
employed surged through the Loop
today in a giant, orderly parade and
joined in a mass demonstration at
downtown Grant Park to protest
diminished relief allowances which
had been cut in half during October
for lack of funds. Full allowances
are provided for November.
Traffic was snarled and thousands
lined sidewalks as marchers, flanked
by 1,000 policemen, snaked over
streets in a drizzle of rain.
Defying police orders against red
flags and "infiamatory' bandits,
marchers held aloof crimson ban
ners, the hammer and sickle of
communism, placards protesting
against authorities and signs de
manding additional relief. Chicago
newspapers variously estimated the
number of marchers from 10,000 to
13,000.
CHICAGO, Oct. 31 (/I s).—Chant
ing "we want bread, Chicago un
employed surged through the Loop
today in a giant, orderly parade and
joined in a mass demonstration at
downtown Grant Park to protest
diminished relief allowances which
had been cut in half during October
for lack of funds. Full allowances
are provided for November.
Traffic was snarled and thousands
lined sidewalks as marchers, flanked
by 1,000 policemen, snaked over
streets in a drizzle of rain.
Defying police orders against red
flags and "infiamatory' bandits,
marchers held aloof crimson ban
ners, the hammer and sickle of
communism, placards protesting
against authorities and signs de
manding additional relief. Chicago
newspapers variously estimated the
number of marchers from 10,000 to
13,000.
CHICAGO, Oct. 31 (/I s).—Chant
ing "we want bread, Chicago un
employed surged through the Loop
today in a giant, orderly parade and
joined in a mass demonstration at
downtown Grant Park to protest
diminished relief allowances which
had been cut in half during October
for lack of funds. Full allowances
are provided for November.
Traffic was snarled and thousands
lined sidewalks as marchers, flanked
by 1,000 policemen, snaked over
streets in a drizzle of rain.
Defying police orders against red
flags and "infiamatory' bandits,
marchers held aloof crimson ban
ners, the hammer and sickle of
communism, placards protesting
against authorities and signs de
manding additional relief. Chicago
newspapers variously estimated the
number of marchers from 10,000 to
13,000.
CHICAGO, Oct. 31 (/I s).—Chant
ing "we want bread, Chicago un
employed surged through the Loop
today in a giant, orderly parade and
joined in a mass demonstration at
downtown Grant Park to protest
diminished relief allowances which
had been cut in half during October
for lack of funds. Full allowances
are provided for November.
Traffic was snarled and thousands
lined sidewalks as marchers, flanked
by 1,000 policemen, snaked over
streets in a drizzle of rain.
Defying police orders against red
flags and "infiamatory' bandits,
marchers held aloof crimson ban
ners, the hammer and sickle of
communism, placards protesting
against authorities and signs de
manding additional relief. Chicago
newspapers variously estimated the
number of marchers from 10,000 to
13,000.
CHICAGO, Oct. 31 (/I s).—Chant
ing "we want bread, Chicago un
employed surged through the Loop
today in a giant, orderly parade and
joined in a mass demonstration at
downtown Grant Park to protest
diminished relief allowances which
had been cut in half during October
for lack of funds. Full allowances
are provided for November.
Traffic was snarled and thousands
lined sidewalks as marchers, flanked
by 1,000 policemen, snaked over
streets in a drizzle of rain.
Defying police orders against red
flags and "infiamatory' bandits,
marchers held aloof crimson ban
ners, the hammer and sickle of
communism, placards protesting
against authorities and signs de
manding additional relief. Chicago
newspapers variously estimated the
number of marchers from 10,000 to
13,000.
CHICAGO, Oct. 31 (/I s).—Chant
ing "we want bread, Chicago un
employed surged through the Loop
today in a giant, orderly parade and
joined in a mass demonstration at
downtown Grant Park to protest
diminished relief allowances which
had been cut in half during October
for lack of funds. Full allowances
are provided for November.
Traffic was snarled and thousands
lined sidewalks as marchers, flanked
by 1,000 policemen, snaked over
streets in a drizzle of rain.
Defying police orders against red
flags and "infiamatory' bandits,
marchers held aloof crimson ban
ners, the hammer and sickle of
communism, placards protesting
against authorities and signs de
manding additional relief. Chicago
newspapers variously estimated the
number of marchers from 10,000 to
13,000.
CHICAGO, Oct. 31 (/I s).—Chant
ing "we want bread, Chicago un
employed surged through the Loop
today in a giant, orderly parade and
joined in a mass demonstration at
downtown Grant Park to protest
diminished relief allowances which
had been cut in half during October
for lack of funds. Full allowances
are provided for November.
Traffic was snarled and thousands
lined sidewalks as marchers, flanked
by 1,000 policemen, snaked over
streets in a drizzle of rain.
Defying police orders against red
flags and "infiamatory' bandits,
marchers held aloof crimson ban
ners, the hammer and sickle of
communism, placards protesting
against authorities and signs de
manding additional relief. Chicago
newspapers variously estimated the
number of marchers from 10,000 to
13,000.
CHICAGO, Oct. 31 (/I s).—Chant
ing "we want bread, Chicago un
employed surged through the Loop
today in a giant, orderly parade and
joined in a mass demonstration at
downtown Grant Park to protest
diminished relief allowances which
had been cut in half during October
for lack of funds. Full allowances
are provided for November.
Traffic was snarled and thousands
lined sidewalks as marchers, flanked
by 1,000 policemen, snaked over
streets in a drizzle of rain.
Defying police orders against red
flags and "infiamatory' bandits,
marchers held aloof crimson ban
ners, the hammer and sickle of
communism, placards protesting
against authorities and signs de
manding additional relief. Chicago
newspapers variously estimated the
number of marchers from 10,000 to
13,000.
CHICAGO, Oct. 31 (/I s).—Chant
ing "we want bread, Chicago un
employed surged through the Loop
today in a giant, orderly parade and
joined in a mass demonstration at
downtown Grant Park to protest
diminished relief allowances which
had been cut in half during October
for lack of funds. Full allowances
are provided for November.
Traffic was snarled and thousands
lined sidewalks as marchers, flanked
by 1,000 policemen, snaked over
streets in a drizzle of rain.
Defying police orders against red
flags and "infiamatory' bandits,
marchers held aloof crimson ban
ners, the hammer and sickle of
communism, placards protesting
against authorities and signs de
manding additional relief. Chicago
newspapers variously estimated the
number of marchers from 10,000 to
13,000.
CHICAGO, Oct. 31 (/I s).—Chant
ing "we want bread, Chicago un
employed surged through the Loop
today in a giant, orderly parade and
joined in a mass demonstration at
downtown Grant Park to protest
diminished relief allowances which
had been cut in half during October
for lack of funds. Full allowances
are provided for November.
Traffic was snarled and thousands
lined sidewalks as marchers, flanked
by 1,000 policemen, snaked over
streets in a drizzle of rain.
Defying police orders against red
flags and "infiamatory' bandits,
marchers held aloof crimson ban
ners, the hammer and sickle of
communism, placards protesting
against authorities and signs de
manding additional relief. Chicago
newspapers variously estimated the
number of marchers from 10,000 to
13,000.
CHICAGO, Oct. 31 (/I s).—Chant
ing "we want bread, Chicago un
employed surged through the Loop
today in a giant, orderly parade and
joined in a mass demonstration at
downtown Grant Park to protest
diminished relief allowances which
had been cut in half during October
for lack of funds. Full allowances
are provided for November.
Traffic was snarled and thousands
lined sidewalks as marchers, flanked
by 1,000 policemen, snaked over
streets in a drizzle of rain.
Defying police orders against red
flags and "infiamatory' bandits,
marchers held aloof crimson ban
ners, the hammer and sickle of
communism, placards protesting
against authorities and signs de
manding additional relief. Chicago
newspapers variously estimated the
number of marchers from 10,000 to
13,000.
