# GREEK SCHOLAR TALKS TONIGHT
## "Athenian Democracy" Is Topic At Little Theatre 
### 
Emphasizing the close relationship
between Athenian democracy and
literature, Dr. Robert J. Bonner,
professor of Greek at the Univer
sity of Chicago, will speak tonight
at 7:30 o'clock in the Little Theatre.
Dr. Bonner, who is visiting Sather
Professor of Classical Literature at
the University of California, is one
of the leading classicists in the
United States. He is head of the
Greek department of the University
of Chicago, associate editor of
"Classical Philology," and a member
of the American Philological Asso
ciation.
As a graduate of the Ontario Law
School, Bonner has manifested his
interest in law through the author
ship of ' 'Evidence in Athenian
Courts" and "Lawyers and Litigants
in Ancient Athens." He is also the
author of two textbooks, "Greek
Composition" and "Elementary
Greek."
Emphasizing the close relationship
between Athenian democracy and
literature, Dr. Robert J. Bonner,
professor of Greek at the Univer
sity of Chicago, will speak tonight
at 7:30 o'clock in the Little Theatre.
Dr. Bonner, who is visiting Sather
Professor of Classical Literature at
the University of California, is one
of the leading classicists in the
United States. He is head of the
Greek department of the University
of Chicago, associate editor of
"Classical Philology," and a member
of the American Philological Asso
ciation.
As a graduate of the Ontario Law
School, Bonner has manifested his
interest in law through the author
ship of ' 'Evidence in Athenian
Courts" and "Lawyers and Litigants
in Ancient Athens." He is also the
author of two textbooks, "Greek
Composition" and "Elementary
Greek."
Emphasizing the close relationship
between Athenian democracy and
literature, Dr. Robert J. Bonner,
professor of Greek at the Univer
sity of Chicago, will speak tonight
at 7:30 o'clock in the Little Theatre.
Dr. Bonner, who is visiting Sather
Professor of Classical Literature at
the University of California, is one
of the leading classicists in the
United States. He is head of the
Greek department of the University
of Chicago, associate editor of
"Classical Philology," and a member
of the American Philological Asso
ciation.
As a graduate of the Ontario Law
School, Bonner has manifested his
interest in law through the author
ship of ' 'Evidence in Athenian
Courts" and "Lawyers and Litigants
in Ancient Athens." He is also the
author of two textbooks, "Greek
Composition" and "Elementary
Greek."
Emphasizing the close relationship
between Athenian democracy and
literature, Dr. Robert J. Bonner,
professor of Greek at the Univer
sity of Chicago, will speak tonight
at 7:30 o'clock in the Little Theatre.
Dr. Bonner, who is visiting Sather
Professor of Classical Literature at
the University of California, is one
of the leading classicists in the
United States. He is head of the
Greek department of the University
of Chicago, associate editor of
"Classical Philology," and a member
of the American Philological Asso
ciation.
As a graduate of the Ontario Law
School, Bonner has manifested his
interest in law through the author
ship of ' 'Evidence in Athenian
Courts" and "Lawyers and Litigants
in Ancient Athens." He is also the
author of two textbooks, "Greek
Composition" and "Elementary
Greek."
Emphasizing the close relationship
between Athenian democracy and
literature, Dr. Robert J. Bonner,
professor of Greek at the Univer
sity of Chicago, will speak tonight
at 7:30 o'clock in the Little Theatre.
Dr. Bonner, who is visiting Sather
Professor of Classical Literature at
the University of California, is one
of the leading classicists in the
United States. He is head of the
Greek department of the University
of Chicago, associate editor of
"Classical Philology," and a member
of the American Philological Asso
ciation.
As a graduate of the Ontario Law
School, Bonner has manifested his
interest in law through the author
ship of ' 'Evidence in Athenian
Courts" and "Lawyers and Litigants
in Ancient Athens." He is also the
author of two textbooks, "Greek
Composition" and "Elementary
Greek."
Emphasizing the close relationship
between Athenian democracy and
literature, Dr. Robert J. Bonner,
professor of Greek at the Univer
sity of Chicago, will speak tonight
at 7:30 o'clock in the Little Theatre.
Dr. Bonner, who is visiting Sather
Professor of Classical Literature at
the University of California, is one
of the leading classicists in the
United States. He is head of the
Greek department of the University
of Chicago, associate editor of
"Classical Philology," and a member
of the American Philological Asso
ciation.
As a graduate of the Ontario Law
School, Bonner has manifested his
interest in law through the author
ship of ' 'Evidence in Athenian
Courts" and "Lawyers and Litigants
in Ancient Athens." He is also the
author of two textbooks, "Greek
Composition" and "Elementary
Greek."
Emphasizing the close relationship
between Athenian democracy and
literature, Dr. Robert J. Bonner,
professor of Greek at the Univer
sity of Chicago, will speak tonight
at 7:30 o'clock in the Little Theatre.
Dr. Bonner, who is visiting Sather
Professor of Classical Literature at
the University of California, is one
of the leading classicists in the
United States. He is head of the
Greek department of the University
of Chicago, associate editor of
"Classical Philology," and a member
of the American Philological Asso
ciation.
As a graduate of the Ontario Law
School, Bonner has manifested his
interest in law through the author
ship of ' 'Evidence in Athenian
Courts" and "Lawyers and Litigants
in Ancient Athens." He is also the
author of two textbooks, "Greek
Composition" and "Elementary
Greek."
Emphasizing the close relationship
between Athenian democracy and
literature, Dr. Robert J. Bonner,
professor of Greek at the Univer
sity of Chicago, will speak tonight
at 7:30 o'clock in the Little Theatre.
Dr. Bonner, who is visiting Sather
Professor of Classical Literature at
the University of California, is one
of the leading classicists in the
United States. He is head of the
Greek department of the University
of Chicago, associate editor of
"Classical Philology," and a member
of the American Philological Asso
ciation.
As a graduate of the Ontario Law
School, Bonner has manifested his
interest in law through the author
ship of ' 'Evidence in Athenian
Courts" and "Lawyers and Litigants
in Ancient Athens." He is also the
author of two textbooks, "Greek
Composition" and "Elementary
Greek."
Emphasizing the close relationship
between Athenian democracy and
literature, Dr. Robert J. Bonner,
professor of Greek at the Univer
sity of Chicago, will speak tonight
at 7:30 o'clock in the Little Theatre.
Dr. Bonner, who is visiting Sather
Professor of Classical Literature at
the University of California, is one
of the leading classicists in the
United States. He is head of the
Greek department of the University
of Chicago, associate editor of
"Classical Philology," and a member
of the American Philological Asso
ciation.
As a graduate of the Ontario Law
School, Bonner has manifested his
interest in law through the author
ship of ' 'Evidence in Athenian
Courts" and "Lawyers and Litigants
in Ancient Athens." He is also the
author of two textbooks, "Greek
Composition" and "Elementary
Greek."
Emphasizing the close relationship
between Athenian democracy and
literature, Dr. Robert J. Bonner,
professor of Greek at the Univer
sity of Chicago, will speak tonight
at 7:30 o'clock in the Little Theatre.
Dr. Bonner, who is visiting Sather
Professor of Classical Literature at
the University of California, is one
of the leading classicists in the
United States. He is head of the
Greek department of the University
of Chicago, associate editor of
"Classical Philology," and a member
of the American Philological Asso
ciation.
As a graduate of the Ontario Law
School, Bonner has manifested his
interest in law through the author
ship of ' 'Evidence in Athenian
Courts" and "Lawyers and Litigants
in Ancient Athens." He is also the
author of two textbooks, "Greek
Composition" and "Elementary
Greek."
Emphasizing the close relationship
between Athenian democracy and
literature, Dr. Robert J. Bonner,
professor of Greek at the Univer
sity of Chicago, will speak tonight
at 7:30 o'clock in the Little Theatre.
Dr. Bonner, who is visiting Sather
Professor of Classical Literature at
the University of California, is one
of the leading classicists in the
United States. He is head of the
Greek department of the University
of Chicago, associate editor of
"Classical Philology," and a member
of the American Philological Asso
ciation.
As a graduate of the Ontario Law
School, Bonner has manifested his
interest in law through the author
ship of ' 'Evidence in Athenian
Courts" and "Lawyers and Litigants
in Ancient Athens." He is also the
author of two textbooks, "Greek
Composition" and "Elementary
Greek."
Emphasizing the close relationship
between Athenian democracy and
literature, Dr. Robert J. Bonner,
professor of Greek at the Univer
sity of Chicago, will speak tonight
at 7:30 o'clock in the Little Theatre.
Dr. Bonner, who is visiting Sather
Professor of Classical Literature at
the University of California, is one
of the leading classicists in the
United States. He is head of the
Greek department of the University
of Chicago, associate editor of
"Classical Philology," and a member
of the American Philological Asso
ciation.
As a graduate of the Ontario Law
School, Bonner has manifested his
interest in law through the author
ship of ' 'Evidence in Athenian
Courts" and "Lawyers and Litigants
in Ancient Athens." He is also the
author of two textbooks, "Greek
Composition" and "Elementary
Greek."
Emphasizing the close relationship
between Athenian democracy and
literature, Dr. Robert J. Bonner,
professor of Greek at the Univer
sity of Chicago, will speak tonight
at 7:30 o'clock in the Little Theatre.
Dr. Bonner, who is visiting Sather
Professor of Classical Literature at
the University of California, is one
of the leading classicists in the
United States. He is head of the
Greek department of the University
of Chicago, associate editor of
"Classical Philology," and a member
of the American Philological Asso
ciation.
As a graduate of the Ontario Law
School, Bonner has manifested his
interest in law through the author
ship of ' 'Evidence in Athenian
Courts" and "Lawyers and Litigants
in Ancient Athens." He is also the
author of two textbooks, "Greek
Composition" and "Elementary
Greek."
Emphasizing the close relationship
between Athenian democracy and
literature, Dr. Robert J. Bonner,
professor of Greek at the Univer
sity of Chicago, will speak tonight
at 7:30 o'clock in the Little Theatre.
Dr. Bonner, who is visiting Sather
Professor of Classical Literature at
the University of California, is one
of the leading classicists in the
United States. He is head of the
Greek department of the University
of Chicago, associate editor of
"Classical Philology," and a member
of the American Philological Asso
ciation.
As a graduate of the Ontario Law
School, Bonner has manifested his
interest in law through the author
ship of ' 'Evidence in Athenian
Courts" and "Lawyers and Litigants
in Ancient Athens." He is also the
author of two textbooks, "Greek
Composition" and "Elementary
Greek."
Emphasizing the close relationship
between Athenian democracy and
literature, Dr. Robert J. Bonner,
professor of Greek at the Univer
sity of Chicago, will speak tonight
at 7:30 o'clock in the Little Theatre.
Dr. Bonner, who is visiting Sather
Professor of Classical Literature at
the University of California, is one
of the leading classicists in the
United States. He is head of the
Greek department of the University
of Chicago, associate editor of
"Classical Philology," and a member
of the American Philological Asso
ciation.
As a graduate of the Ontario Law
School, Bonner has manifested his
interest in law through the author
ship of ' 'Evidence in Athenian
Courts" and "Lawyers and Litigants
in Ancient Athens." He is also the
author of two textbooks, "Greek
Composition" and "Elementary
Greek."
Emphasizing the close relationship
between Athenian democracy and
literature, Dr. Robert J. Bonner,
professor of Greek at the Univer
sity of Chicago, will speak tonight
at 7:30 o'clock in the Little Theatre.
Dr. Bonner, who is visiting Sather
Professor of Classical Literature at
the University of California, is one
of the leading classicists in the
United States. He is head of the
Greek department of the University
of Chicago, associate editor of
"Classical Philology," and a member
of the American Philological Asso
ciation.
As a graduate of the Ontario Law
School, Bonner has manifested his
interest in law through the author
ship of ' 'Evidence in Athenian
Courts" and "Lawyers and Litigants
in Ancient Athens." He is also the
author of two textbooks, "Greek
Composition" and "Elementary
Greek."
