# Untitled Article
## 
### 
James Mayo, Beaufort, Nort
Carolina, hoarded $100 in a box
rat found it and chewed the bill
fragments.
James Mayo, Beaufort, Nort
Carolina, hoarded $100 in a box
rat found it and chewed the bill
fragments.
James Mayo, Beaufort, Nort
Carolina, hoarded $100 in a box
rat found it and chewed the bill
fragments.
James Mayo, Beaufort, Nort
Carolina, hoarded $100 in a box
rat found it and chewed the bill
fragments.
James Mayo, Beaufort, Nort
Carolina, hoarded $100 in a box
rat found it and chewed the bill
fragments.
James Mayo, Beaufort, Nort
Carolina, hoarded $100 in a box
rat found it and chewed the bill
fragments.
James Mayo, Beaufort, Nort
Carolina, hoarded $100 in a box
rat found it and chewed the bill
fragments.
James Mayo, Beaufort, Nort
Carolina, hoarded $100 in a box
rat found it and chewed the bill
fragments.
James Mayo, Beaufort, Nort
Carolina, hoarded $100 in a box
rat found it and chewed the bill
fragments.
James Mayo, Beaufort, Nort
Carolina, hoarded $100 in a box
rat found it and chewed the bill
fragments.
James Mayo, Beaufort, Nort
Carolina, hoarded $100 in a box
rat found it and chewed the bill
fragments.
James Mayo, Beaufort, Nort
Carolina, hoarded $100 in a box
rat found it and chewed the bill
fragments.
James Mayo, Beaufort, Nort
Carolina, hoarded $100 in a box
rat found it and chewed the bill
fragments.
James Mayo, Beaufort, Nort
Carolina, hoarded $100 in a box
rat found it and chewed the bill
fragments.
James Mayo, Beaufort, Nort
Carolina, hoarded $100 in a box
rat found it and chewed the bill
fragments.
James Mayo, Beaufort, Nort
Carolina, hoarded $100 in a box
rat found it and chewed the bill
fragments.
