# MUD FIGHT SHOWN
## 
### 
Pictures of the sophomore-fresh
man mud fight are to be shown ex
clusively at the Menlo Theatre to
day and tomorrow.
Pictures of the sophomore-fresh
man mud fight are to be shown ex
clusively at the Menlo Theatre to
day and tomorrow.
Pictures of the sophomore-fresh
man mud fight are to be shown ex
clusively at the Menlo Theatre to
day and tomorrow.
Pictures of the sophomore-fresh
man mud fight are to be shown ex
clusively at the Menlo Theatre to
day and tomorrow.
Pictures of the sophomore-fresh
man mud fight are to be shown ex
clusively at the Menlo Theatre to
day and tomorrow.
Pictures of the sophomore-fresh
man mud fight are to be shown ex
clusively at the Menlo Theatre to
day and tomorrow.
Pictures of the sophomore-fresh
man mud fight are to be shown ex
clusively at the Menlo Theatre to
day and tomorrow.
Pictures of the sophomore-fresh
man mud fight are to be shown ex
clusively at the Menlo Theatre to
day and tomorrow.
Pictures of the sophomore-fresh
man mud fight are to be shown ex
clusively at the Menlo Theatre to
day and tomorrow.
Pictures of the sophomore-fresh
man mud fight are to be shown ex
clusively at the Menlo Theatre to
day and tomorrow.
Pictures of the sophomore-fresh
man mud fight are to be shown ex
clusively at the Menlo Theatre to
day and tomorrow.
Pictures of the sophomore-fresh
man mud fight are to be shown ex
clusively at the Menlo Theatre to
day and tomorrow.
Pictures of the sophomore-fresh
man mud fight are to be shown ex
clusively at the Menlo Theatre to
day and tomorrow.
Pictures of the sophomore-fresh
man mud fight are to be shown ex
clusively at the Menlo Theatre to
day and tomorrow.
Pictures of the sophomore-fresh
man mud fight are to be shown ex
clusively at the Menlo Theatre to
day and tomorrow.
Pictures of the sophomore-fresh
man mud fight are to be shown ex
clusively at the Menlo Theatre to
day and tomorrow.
