# SPECIAL SERVICES PLANNED FOR NEW STUDENTS SUNDAY
## 
### 
Matriculation services for the au
tumn quarter will be held in Memorial
Church at 11 o'clock Sunday morning.
All member? of the entering class,
men and women, will assemble at the
Little Theater, at 10:45, where they
Y£ill meet their deans. From there
they will march at 10:55 to the church
where the two front sections of the
nave will be reserved for them.
The new students will be addressed
by President Wilbur, Dean Culver and
and Dean Bradford. Chaplain I). C.
Gardner will also say a few words.
The anthem will be "Seek Ye the
Lord." Mrs. Warren D. Allen, the
soloist, will sing "He That Dwelleth
in a Secret Place," the same solo
which was sung at the baccalaureate
services last spring. The scripture
lesson will be read by F. L. McElroy,
'21, president of the Associated Stu
dents.
Other members of the Stanford com
munity have been invited to attend.
Matriculation services for the au
tumn quarter will be held in Memorial
Church at 11 o'clock Sunday morning.
All member? of the entering class,
men and women, will assemble at the
Little Theater, at 10:45, where they
Y£ill meet their deans. From there
they will march at 10:55 to the church
where the two front sections of the
nave will be reserved for them.
The new students will be addressed
by President Wilbur, Dean Culver and
and Dean Bradford. Chaplain I). C.
Gardner will also say a few words.
The anthem will be "Seek Ye the
Lord." Mrs. Warren D. Allen, the
soloist, will sing "He That Dwelleth
in a Secret Place," the same solo
which was sung at the baccalaureate
services last spring. The scripture
lesson will be read by F. L. McElroy,
'21, president of the Associated Stu
dents.
Other members of the Stanford com
munity have been invited to attend.
Matriculation services for the au
tumn quarter will be held in Memorial
Church at 11 o'clock Sunday morning.
All member? of the entering class,
men and women, will assemble at the
Little Theater, at 10:45, where they
Y£ill meet their deans. From there
they will march at 10:55 to the church
where the two front sections of the
nave will be reserved for them.
The new students will be addressed
by President Wilbur, Dean Culver and
and Dean Bradford. Chaplain I). C.
Gardner will also say a few words.
The anthem will be "Seek Ye the
Lord." Mrs. Warren D. Allen, the
soloist, will sing "He That Dwelleth
in a Secret Place," the same solo
which was sung at the baccalaureate
services last spring. The scripture
lesson will be read by F. L. McElroy,
'21, president of the Associated Stu
dents.
Other members of the Stanford com
munity have been invited to attend.
Matriculation services for the au
tumn quarter will be held in Memorial
Church at 11 o'clock Sunday morning.
All member? of the entering class,
men and women, will assemble at the
Little Theater, at 10:45, where they
Y£ill meet their deans. From there
they will march at 10:55 to the church
where the two front sections of the
nave will be reserved for them.
The new students will be addressed
by President Wilbur, Dean Culver and
and Dean Bradford. Chaplain I). C.
Gardner will also say a few words.
The anthem will be "Seek Ye the
Lord." Mrs. Warren D. Allen, the
soloist, will sing "He That Dwelleth
in a Secret Place," the same solo
which was sung at the baccalaureate
services last spring. The scripture
lesson will be read by F. L. McElroy,
'21, president of the Associated Stu
dents.
Other members of the Stanford com
munity have been invited to attend.
Matriculation services for the au
tumn quarter will be held in Memorial
Church at 11 o'clock Sunday morning.
All member? of the entering class,
men and women, will assemble at the
Little Theater, at 10:45, where they
Y£ill meet their deans. From there
they will march at 10:55 to the church
where the two front sections of the
nave will be reserved for them.
The new students will be addressed
by President Wilbur, Dean Culver and
and Dean Bradford. Chaplain I). C.
Gardner will also say a few words.
The anthem will be "Seek Ye the
Lord." Mrs. Warren D. Allen, the
soloist, will sing "He That Dwelleth
in a Secret Place," the same solo
which was sung at the baccalaureate
services last spring. The scripture
lesson will be read by F. L. McElroy,
'21, president of the Associated Stu
dents.
Other members of the Stanford com
munity have been invited to attend.
Matriculation services for the au
tumn quarter will be held in Memorial
Church at 11 o'clock Sunday morning.
All member? of the entering class,
men and women, will assemble at the
Little Theater, at 10:45, where they
Y£ill meet their deans. From there
they will march at 10:55 to the church
where the two front sections of the
nave will be reserved for them.
The new students will be addressed
by President Wilbur, Dean Culver and
and Dean Bradford. Chaplain I). C.
Gardner will also say a few words.
The anthem will be "Seek Ye the
Lord." Mrs. Warren D. Allen, the
soloist, will sing "He That Dwelleth
in a Secret Place," the same solo
which was sung at the baccalaureate
services last spring. The scripture
lesson will be read by F. L. McElroy,
'21, president of the Associated Stu
dents.
Other members of the Stanford com
munity have been invited to attend.
Matriculation services for the au
tumn quarter will be held in Memorial
Church at 11 o'clock Sunday morning.
All member? of the entering class,
men and women, will assemble at the
Little Theater, at 10:45, where they
Y£ill meet their deans. From there
they will march at 10:55 to the church
where the two front sections of the
nave will be reserved for them.
The new students will be addressed
by President Wilbur, Dean Culver and
and Dean Bradford. Chaplain I). C.
Gardner will also say a few words.
The anthem will be "Seek Ye the
Lord." Mrs. Warren D. Allen, the
soloist, will sing "He That Dwelleth
in a Secret Place," the same solo
which was sung at the baccalaureate
services last spring. The scripture
lesson will be read by F. L. McElroy,
'21, president of the Associated Stu
dents.
Other members of the Stanford com
munity have been invited to attend.
Matriculation services for the au
tumn quarter will be held in Memorial
Church at 11 o'clock Sunday morning.
All member? of the entering class,
men and women, will assemble at the
Little Theater, at 10:45, where they
Y£ill meet their deans. From there
they will march at 10:55 to the church
where the two front sections of the
nave will be reserved for them.
The new students will be addressed
by President Wilbur, Dean Culver and
and Dean Bradford. Chaplain I). C.
Gardner will also say a few words.
The anthem will be "Seek Ye the
Lord." Mrs. Warren D. Allen, the
soloist, will sing "He That Dwelleth
in a Secret Place," the same solo
which was sung at the baccalaureate
services last spring. The scripture
lesson will be read by F. L. McElroy,
'21, president of the Associated Stu
dents.
Other members of the Stanford com
munity have been invited to attend.
Matriculation services for the au
tumn quarter will be held in Memorial
Church at 11 o'clock Sunday morning.
All member? of the entering class,
men and women, will assemble at the
Little Theater, at 10:45, where they
Y£ill meet their deans. From there
they will march at 10:55 to the church
where the two front sections of the
nave will be reserved for them.
The new students will be addressed
by President Wilbur, Dean Culver and
and Dean Bradford. Chaplain I). C.
Gardner will also say a few words.
The anthem will be "Seek Ye the
Lord." Mrs. Warren D. Allen, the
soloist, will sing "He That Dwelleth
in a Secret Place," the same solo
which was sung at the baccalaureate
services last spring. The scripture
lesson will be read by F. L. McElroy,
'21, president of the Associated Stu
dents.
Other members of the Stanford com
munity have been invited to attend.
Matriculation services for the au
tumn quarter will be held in Memorial
Church at 11 o'clock Sunday morning.
All member? of the entering class,
men and women, will assemble at the
Little Theater, at 10:45, where they
Y£ill meet their deans. From there
they will march at 10:55 to the church
where the two front sections of the
nave will be reserved for them.
The new students will be addressed
by President Wilbur, Dean Culver and
and Dean Bradford. Chaplain I). C.
Gardner will also say a few words.
The anthem will be "Seek Ye the
Lord." Mrs. Warren D. Allen, the
soloist, will sing "He That Dwelleth
in a Secret Place," the same solo
which was sung at the baccalaureate
services last spring. The scripture
lesson will be read by F. L. McElroy,
'21, president of the Associated Stu
dents.
Other members of the Stanford com
munity have been invited to attend.
Matriculation services for the au
tumn quarter will be held in Memorial
Church at 11 o'clock Sunday morning.
All member? of the entering class,
men and women, will assemble at the
Little Theater, at 10:45, where they
Y£ill meet their deans. From there
they will march at 10:55 to the church
where the two front sections of the
nave will be reserved for them.
The new students will be addressed
by President Wilbur, Dean Culver and
and Dean Bradford. Chaplain I). C.
Gardner will also say a few words.
The anthem will be "Seek Ye the
Lord." Mrs. Warren D. Allen, the
soloist, will sing "He That Dwelleth
in a Secret Place," the same solo
which was sung at the baccalaureate
services last spring. The scripture
lesson will be read by F. L. McElroy,
'21, president of the Associated Stu
dents.
Other members of the Stanford com
munity have been invited to attend.
Matriculation services for the au
tumn quarter will be held in Memorial
Church at 11 o'clock Sunday morning.
All member? of the entering class,
men and women, will assemble at the
Little Theater, at 10:45, where they
Y£ill meet their deans. From there
they will march at 10:55 to the church
where the two front sections of the
nave will be reserved for them.
The new students will be addressed
by President Wilbur, Dean Culver and
and Dean Bradford. Chaplain I). C.
Gardner will also say a few words.
The anthem will be "Seek Ye the
Lord." Mrs. Warren D. Allen, the
soloist, will sing "He That Dwelleth
in a Secret Place," the same solo
which was sung at the baccalaureate
services last spring. The scripture
lesson will be read by F. L. McElroy,
'21, president of the Associated Stu
dents.
Other members of the Stanford com
munity have been invited to attend.
Matriculation services for the au
tumn quarter will be held in Memorial
Church at 11 o'clock Sunday morning.
All member? of the entering class,
men and women, will assemble at the
Little Theater, at 10:45, where they
Y£ill meet their deans. From there
they will march at 10:55 to the church
where the two front sections of the
nave will be reserved for them.
The new students will be addressed
by President Wilbur, Dean Culver and
and Dean Bradford. Chaplain I). C.
Gardner will also say a few words.
The anthem will be "Seek Ye the
Lord." Mrs. Warren D. Allen, the
soloist, will sing "He That Dwelleth
in a Secret Place," the same solo
which was sung at the baccalaureate
services last spring. The scripture
lesson will be read by F. L. McElroy,
'21, president of the Associated Stu
dents.
Other members of the Stanford com
munity have been invited to attend.
