# NEW POSTS PLACED FOR CAMPUS CHAINS
## 
### 
In line with the policy of the Uni
versity to improve the appearance of the
campus in every possible way, the large
cement posts on each side of roads
leading to the Quad have been replaced
by small iron posts. These serve the
purpose of holding the chains which
block the campus roads equally as well
as the old posts and are much more
sightly.
In line with the policy of the Uni
versity to improve the appearance of the
campus in every possible way, the large
cement posts on each side of roads
leading to the Quad have been replaced
by small iron posts. These serve the
purpose of holding the chains which
block the campus roads equally as well
as the old posts and are much more
sightly.
In line with the policy of the Uni
versity to improve the appearance of the
campus in every possible way, the large
cement posts on each side of roads
leading to the Quad have been replaced
by small iron posts. These serve the
purpose of holding the chains which
block the campus roads equally as well
as the old posts and are much more
sightly.
In line with the policy of the Uni
versity to improve the appearance of the
campus in every possible way, the large
cement posts on each side of roads
leading to the Quad have been replaced
by small iron posts. These serve the
purpose of holding the chains which
block the campus roads equally as well
as the old posts and are much more
sightly.
In line with the policy of the Uni
versity to improve the appearance of the
campus in every possible way, the large
cement posts on each side of roads
leading to the Quad have been replaced
by small iron posts. These serve the
purpose of holding the chains which
block the campus roads equally as well
as the old posts and are much more
sightly.
In line with the policy of the Uni
versity to improve the appearance of the
campus in every possible way, the large
cement posts on each side of roads
leading to the Quad have been replaced
by small iron posts. These serve the
purpose of holding the chains which
block the campus roads equally as well
as the old posts and are much more
sightly.
In line with the policy of the Uni
versity to improve the appearance of the
campus in every possible way, the large
cement posts on each side of roads
leading to the Quad have been replaced
by small iron posts. These serve the
purpose of holding the chains which
block the campus roads equally as well
as the old posts and are much more
sightly.
In line with the policy of the Uni
versity to improve the appearance of the
campus in every possible way, the large
cement posts on each side of roads
leading to the Quad have been replaced
by small iron posts. These serve the
purpose of holding the chains which
block the campus roads equally as well
as the old posts and are much more
sightly.
In line with the policy of the Uni
versity to improve the appearance of the
campus in every possible way, the large
cement posts on each side of roads
leading to the Quad have been replaced
by small iron posts. These serve the
purpose of holding the chains which
block the campus roads equally as well
as the old posts and are much more
sightly.
In line with the policy of the Uni
versity to improve the appearance of the
campus in every possible way, the large
cement posts on each side of roads
leading to the Quad have been replaced
by small iron posts. These serve the
purpose of holding the chains which
block the campus roads equally as well
as the old posts and are much more
sightly.
In line with the policy of the Uni
versity to improve the appearance of the
campus in every possible way, the large
cement posts on each side of roads
leading to the Quad have been replaced
by small iron posts. These serve the
purpose of holding the chains which
block the campus roads equally as well
as the old posts and are much more
sightly.
In line with the policy of the Uni
versity to improve the appearance of the
campus in every possible way, the large
cement posts on each side of roads
leading to the Quad have been replaced
by small iron posts. These serve the
purpose of holding the chains which
block the campus roads equally as well
as the old posts and are much more
sightly.
In line with the policy of the Uni
versity to improve the appearance of the
campus in every possible way, the large
cement posts on each side of roads
leading to the Quad have been replaced
by small iron posts. These serve the
purpose of holding the chains which
block the campus roads equally as well
as the old posts and are much more
sightly.
