# Untitled Article
## 
### 

Daily Photo by Bob Downey

WHOOSH! Stanford's 5-10 guard
Gary Petersmeyer drives around
6-10 Charger center Darryl
Schoeneck for two of his 23
points Saturday night. Peters
meyer's performance typified
the contest as the shorter but
quicker Tribe downed the
massive but cumbersome Charg
ers 94-83. The Tribe returns to
action next Friday at the Uni
versity of Denver.

Daily Photo by Bob Downey

WHOOSH! Stanford's 5-10 guard
Gary Petersmeyer drives around
6-10 Charger center Darryl
Schoeneck for two of his 23
points Saturday night. Peters
meyer's performance typified
the contest as the shorter but
quicker Tribe downed the
massive but cumbersome Charg
ers 94-83. The Tribe returns to
action next Friday at the Uni
versity of Denver.

Daily Photo by Bob Downey

WHOOSH! Stanford's 5-10 guard
Gary Petersmeyer drives around
6-10 Charger center Darryl
Schoeneck for two of his 23
points Saturday night. Peters
meyer's performance typified
the contest as the shorter but
quicker Tribe downed the
massive but cumbersome Charg
ers 94-83. The Tribe returns to
action next Friday at the Uni
versity of Denver.

Daily Photo by Bob Downey

WHOOSH! Stanford's 5-10 guard
Gary Petersmeyer drives around
6-10 Charger center Darryl
Schoeneck for two of his 23
points Saturday night. Peters
meyer's performance typified
the contest as the shorter but
quicker Tribe downed the
massive but cumbersome Charg
ers 94-83. The Tribe returns to
action next Friday at the Uni
versity of Denver.

Daily Photo by Bob Downey

WHOOSH! Stanford's 5-10 guard
Gary Petersmeyer drives around
6-10 Charger center Darryl
Schoeneck for two of his 23
points Saturday night. Peters
meyer's performance typified
the contest as the shorter but
quicker Tribe downed the
massive but cumbersome Charg
ers 94-83. The Tribe returns to
action next Friday at the Uni
versity of Denver.

Daily Photo by Bob Downey

WHOOSH! Stanford's 5-10 guard
Gary Petersmeyer drives around
6-10 Charger center Darryl
Schoeneck for two of his 23
points Saturday night. Peters
meyer's performance typified
the contest as the shorter but
quicker Tribe downed the
massive but cumbersome Charg
ers 94-83. The Tribe returns to
action next Friday at the Uni
versity of Denver.

Daily Photo by Bob Downey

WHOOSH! Stanford's 5-10 guard
Gary Petersmeyer drives around
6-10 Charger center Darryl
Schoeneck for two of his 23
points Saturday night. Peters
meyer's performance typified
the contest as the shorter but
quicker Tribe downed the
massive but cumbersome Charg
ers 94-83. The Tribe returns to
action next Friday at the Uni
versity of Denver.

Daily Photo by Bob Downey

WHOOSH! Stanford's 5-10 guard
Gary Petersmeyer drives around
6-10 Charger center Darryl
Schoeneck for two of his 23
points Saturday night. Peters
meyer's performance typified
the contest as the shorter but
quicker Tribe downed the
massive but cumbersome Charg
ers 94-83. The Tribe returns to
action next Friday at the Uni
versity of Denver.

Daily Photo by Bob Downey

WHOOSH! Stanford's 5-10 guard
Gary Petersmeyer drives around
6-10 Charger center Darryl
Schoeneck for two of his 23
points Saturday night. Peters
meyer's performance typified
the contest as the shorter but
quicker Tribe downed the
massive but cumbersome Charg
ers 94-83. The Tribe returns to
action next Friday at the Uni
versity of Denver.

Daily Photo by Bob Downey

WHOOSH! Stanford's 5-10 guard
Gary Petersmeyer drives around
6-10 Charger center Darryl
Schoeneck for two of his 23
points Saturday night. Peters
meyer's performance typified
the contest as the shorter but
quicker Tribe downed the
massive but cumbersome Charg
ers 94-83. The Tribe returns to
action next Friday at the Uni
versity of Denver.

Daily Photo by Bob Downey

WHOOSH! Stanford's 5-10 guard
Gary Petersmeyer drives around
6-10 Charger center Darryl
Schoeneck for two of his 23
points Saturday night. Peters
meyer's performance typified
the contest as the shorter but
quicker Tribe downed the
massive but cumbersome Charg
ers 94-83. The Tribe returns to
action next Friday at the Uni
versity of Denver.

Daily Photo by Bob Downey

WHOOSH! Stanford's 5-10 guard
Gary Petersmeyer drives around
6-10 Charger center Darryl
Schoeneck for two of his 23
points Saturday night. Peters
meyer's performance typified
the contest as the shorter but
quicker Tribe downed the
massive but cumbersome Charg
ers 94-83. The Tribe returns to
action next Friday at the Uni
versity of Denver.

Daily Photo by Bob Downey

WHOOSH! Stanford's 5-10 guard
Gary Petersmeyer drives around
6-10 Charger center Darryl
Schoeneck for two of his 23
points Saturday night. Peters
meyer's performance typified
the contest as the shorter but
quicker Tribe downed the
massive but cumbersome Charg
ers 94-83. The Tribe returns to
action next Friday at the Uni
versity of Denver.

Daily Photo by Bob Downey

WHOOSH! Stanford's 5-10 guard
Gary Petersmeyer drives around
6-10 Charger center Darryl
Schoeneck for two of his 23
points Saturday night. Peters
meyer's performance typified
the contest as the shorter but
quicker Tribe downed the
massive but cumbersome Charg
ers 94-83. The Tribe returns to
action next Friday at the Uni
versity of Denver.

Daily Photo by Bob Downey

WHOOSH! Stanford's 5-10 guard
Gary Petersmeyer drives around
6-10 Charger center Darryl
Schoeneck for two of his 23
points Saturday night. Peters
meyer's performance typified
the contest as the shorter but
quicker Tribe downed the
massive but cumbersome Charg
ers 94-83. The Tribe returns to
action next Friday at the Uni
versity of Denver.
