# Gift For Earth Science
## 
### 
An unrestricted gilt of $25,000
for "furtherance of the work"
at Stanford's School of Earth
Sciences has been presented to
the University by Basil P. Kant
zer, president of the Transwest
ern Pipeline Co. of Houston,
Texas.
Kantzer made the gift to Pres
ident Wallace Sterling and Dean
Richard H. Jahns during a rec
ent visit to the campus.
An unrestricted gilt of $25,000
for "furtherance of the work"
at Stanford's School of Earth
Sciences has been presented to
the University by Basil P. Kant
zer, president of the Transwest
ern Pipeline Co. of Houston,
Texas.
Kantzer made the gift to Pres
ident Wallace Sterling and Dean
Richard H. Jahns during a rec
ent visit to the campus.
An unrestricted gilt of $25,000
for "furtherance of the work"
at Stanford's School of Earth
Sciences has been presented to
the University by Basil P. Kant
zer, president of the Transwest
ern Pipeline Co. of Houston,
Texas.
Kantzer made the gift to Pres
ident Wallace Sterling and Dean
Richard H. Jahns during a rec
ent visit to the campus.
An unrestricted gilt of $25,000
for "furtherance of the work"
at Stanford's School of Earth
Sciences has been presented to
the University by Basil P. Kant
zer, president of the Transwest
ern Pipeline Co. of Houston,
Texas.
Kantzer made the gift to Pres
ident Wallace Sterling and Dean
Richard H. Jahns during a rec
ent visit to the campus.
An unrestricted gilt of $25,000
for "furtherance of the work"
at Stanford's School of Earth
Sciences has been presented to
the University by Basil P. Kant
zer, president of the Transwest
ern Pipeline Co. of Houston,
Texas.
Kantzer made the gift to Pres
ident Wallace Sterling and Dean
Richard H. Jahns during a rec
ent visit to the campus.
An unrestricted gilt of $25,000
for "furtherance of the work"
at Stanford's School of Earth
Sciences has been presented to
the University by Basil P. Kant
zer, president of the Transwest
ern Pipeline Co. of Houston,
Texas.
Kantzer made the gift to Pres
ident Wallace Sterling and Dean
Richard H. Jahns during a rec
ent visit to the campus.
An unrestricted gilt of $25,000
for "furtherance of the work"
at Stanford's School of Earth
Sciences has been presented to
the University by Basil P. Kant
zer, president of the Transwest
ern Pipeline Co. of Houston,
Texas.
Kantzer made the gift to Pres
ident Wallace Sterling and Dean
Richard H. Jahns during a rec
ent visit to the campus.
An unrestricted gilt of $25,000
for "furtherance of the work"
at Stanford's School of Earth
Sciences has been presented to
the University by Basil P. Kant
zer, president of the Transwest
ern Pipeline Co. of Houston,
Texas.
Kantzer made the gift to Pres
ident Wallace Sterling and Dean
Richard H. Jahns during a rec
ent visit to the campus.
An unrestricted gilt of $25,000
for "furtherance of the work"
at Stanford's School of Earth
Sciences has been presented to
the University by Basil P. Kant
zer, president of the Transwest
ern Pipeline Co. of Houston,
Texas.
Kantzer made the gift to Pres
ident Wallace Sterling and Dean
Richard H. Jahns during a rec
ent visit to the campus.
An unrestricted gilt of $25,000
for "furtherance of the work"
at Stanford's School of Earth
Sciences has been presented to
the University by Basil P. Kant
zer, president of the Transwest
ern Pipeline Co. of Houston,
Texas.
Kantzer made the gift to Pres
ident Wallace Sterling and Dean
Richard H. Jahns during a rec
ent visit to the campus.
An unrestricted gilt of $25,000
for "furtherance of the work"
at Stanford's School of Earth
Sciences has been presented to
the University by Basil P. Kant
zer, president of the Transwest
ern Pipeline Co. of Houston,
Texas.
Kantzer made the gift to Pres
ident Wallace Sterling and Dean
Richard H. Jahns during a rec
ent visit to the campus.
An unrestricted gilt of $25,000
for "furtherance of the work"
at Stanford's School of Earth
Sciences has been presented to
the University by Basil P. Kant
zer, president of the Transwest
ern Pipeline Co. of Houston,
Texas.
Kantzer made the gift to Pres
ident Wallace Sterling and Dean
Richard H. Jahns during a rec
ent visit to the campus.
An unrestricted gilt of $25,000
for "furtherance of the work"
at Stanford's School of Earth
Sciences has been presented to
the University by Basil P. Kant
zer, president of the Transwest
ern Pipeline Co. of Houston,
Texas.
Kantzer made the gift to Pres
ident Wallace Sterling and Dean
Richard H. Jahns during a rec
ent visit to the campus.
An unrestricted gilt of $25,000
for "furtherance of the work"
at Stanford's School of Earth
Sciences has been presented to
the University by Basil P. Kant
zer, president of the Transwest
ern Pipeline Co. of Houston,
Texas.
Kantzer made the gift to Pres
ident Wallace Sterling and Dean
Richard H. Jahns during a rec
ent visit to the campus.
An unrestricted gilt of $25,000
for "furtherance of the work"
at Stanford's School of Earth
Sciences has been presented to
the University by Basil P. Kant
zer, president of the Transwest
ern Pipeline Co. of Houston,
Texas.
Kantzer made the gift to Pres
ident Wallace Sterling and Dean
Richard H. Jahns during a rec
ent visit to the campus.
