# DAILY Sports
## 
### 

DA V E DAVIDSON. Stanford's
dependable guard and best all
around guard in the Southern di
vision. will be in the thick of
things as Stanford takes on Cali
fornia this weekend in an impor
tant two-game series. Davidson
wiU tie an important cog in the
attack as Stanford goes alter the
conference leadership.

DA V E DAVIDSON. Stanford's
dependable guard and best all
around guard in the Southern di
vision. will be in the thick of
things as Stanford takes on Cali
fornia this weekend in an impor
tant two-game series. Davidson
wiU tie an important cog in the
attack as Stanford goes alter the
conference leadership.

DA V E DAVIDSON. Stanford's
dependable guard and best all
around guard in the Southern di
vision. will be in the thick of
things as Stanford takes on Cali
fornia this weekend in an impor
tant two-game series. Davidson
wiU tie an important cog in the
attack as Stanford goes alter the
conference leadership.

DA V E DAVIDSON. Stanford's
dependable guard and best all
around guard in the Southern di
vision. will be in the thick of
things as Stanford takes on Cali
fornia this weekend in an impor
tant two-game series. Davidson
wiU tie an important cog in the
attack as Stanford goes alter the
conference leadership.

DA V E DAVIDSON. Stanford's
dependable guard and best all
around guard in the Southern di
vision. will be in the thick of
things as Stanford takes on Cali
fornia this weekend in an impor
tant two-game series. Davidson
wiU tie an important cog in the
attack as Stanford goes alter the
conference leadership.

DA V E DAVIDSON. Stanford's
dependable guard and best all
around guard in the Southern di
vision. will be in the thick of
things as Stanford takes on Cali
fornia this weekend in an impor
tant two-game series. Davidson
wiU tie an important cog in the
attack as Stanford goes alter the
conference leadership.

DA V E DAVIDSON. Stanford's
dependable guard and best all
around guard in the Southern di
vision. will be in the thick of
things as Stanford takes on Cali
fornia this weekend in an impor
tant two-game series. Davidson
wiU tie an important cog in the
attack as Stanford goes alter the
conference leadership.

DA V E DAVIDSON. Stanford's
dependable guard and best all
around guard in the Southern di
vision. will be in the thick of
things as Stanford takes on Cali
fornia this weekend in an impor
tant two-game series. Davidson
wiU tie an important cog in the
attack as Stanford goes alter the
conference leadership.

DA V E DAVIDSON. Stanford's
dependable guard and best all
around guard in the Southern di
vision. will be in the thick of
things as Stanford takes on Cali
fornia this weekend in an impor
tant two-game series. Davidson
wiU tie an important cog in the
attack as Stanford goes alter the
conference leadership.

DA V E DAVIDSON. Stanford's
dependable guard and best all
around guard in the Southern di
vision. will be in the thick of
things as Stanford takes on Cali
fornia this weekend in an impor
tant two-game series. Davidson
wiU tie an important cog in the
attack as Stanford goes alter the
conference leadership.

DA V E DAVIDSON. Stanford's
dependable guard and best all
around guard in the Southern di
vision. will be in the thick of
things as Stanford takes on Cali
fornia this weekend in an impor
tant two-game series. Davidson
wiU tie an important cog in the
attack as Stanford goes alter the
conference leadership.

DA V E DAVIDSON. Stanford's
dependable guard and best all
around guard in the Southern di
vision. will be in the thick of
things as Stanford takes on Cali
fornia this weekend in an impor
tant two-game series. Davidson
wiU tie an important cog in the
attack as Stanford goes alter the
conference leadership.

DA V E DAVIDSON. Stanford's
dependable guard and best all
around guard in the Southern di
vision. will be in the thick of
things as Stanford takes on Cali
fornia this weekend in an impor
tant two-game series. Davidson
wiU tie an important cog in the
attack as Stanford goes alter the
conference leadership.

DA V E DAVIDSON. Stanford's
dependable guard and best all
around guard in the Southern di
vision. will be in the thick of
things as Stanford takes on Cali
fornia this weekend in an impor
tant two-game series. Davidson
wiU tie an important cog in the
attack as Stanford goes alter the
conference leadership.

DA V E DAVIDSON. Stanford's
dependable guard and best all
around guard in the Southern di
vision. will be in the thick of
things as Stanford takes on Cali
fornia this weekend in an impor
tant two-game series. Davidson
wiU tie an important cog in the
attack as Stanford goes alter the
conference leadership.
