# Con Home Seeks Stamps for kids
## 
### 
Save that stamp!
Students are asked to collect used
postage stamps for children at the
Convalescent Home. According to
Miss Gwen Wright, head occupa
tional therapist, stamp collecting
lias become an important recrea
tion. but the supply of stamps is
very limited.
Stamps should be torn away from
the envelope without being detached
from the paper, and sent to Bart
HcU'dwick. Building 117. Stanford
Village. Students may have their
contributions picked up by tele
phoning Hard wick.
Save that stamp!
Students are asked to collect used
postage stamps for children at the
Convalescent Home. According to
Miss Gwen Wright, head occupa
tional therapist, stamp collecting
lias become an important recrea
tion. but the supply of stamps is
very limited.
Stamps should be torn away from
the envelope without being detached
from the paper, and sent to Bart
HcU'dwick. Building 117. Stanford
Village. Students may have their
contributions picked up by tele
phoning Hard wick.
Save that stamp!
Students are asked to collect used
postage stamps for children at the
Convalescent Home. According to
Miss Gwen Wright, head occupa
tional therapist, stamp collecting
lias become an important recrea
tion. but the supply of stamps is
very limited.
Stamps should be torn away from
the envelope without being detached
from the paper, and sent to Bart
HcU'dwick. Building 117. Stanford
Village. Students may have their
contributions picked up by tele
phoning Hard wick.
Save that stamp!
Students are asked to collect used
postage stamps for children at the
Convalescent Home. According to
Miss Gwen Wright, head occupa
tional therapist, stamp collecting
lias become an important recrea
tion. but the supply of stamps is
very limited.
Stamps should be torn away from
the envelope without being detached
from the paper, and sent to Bart
HcU'dwick. Building 117. Stanford
Village. Students may have their
contributions picked up by tele
phoning Hard wick.
Save that stamp!
Students are asked to collect used
postage stamps for children at the
Convalescent Home. According to
Miss Gwen Wright, head occupa
tional therapist, stamp collecting
lias become an important recrea
tion. but the supply of stamps is
very limited.
Stamps should be torn away from
the envelope without being detached
from the paper, and sent to Bart
HcU'dwick. Building 117. Stanford
Village. Students may have their
contributions picked up by tele
phoning Hard wick.
Save that stamp!
Students are asked to collect used
postage stamps for children at the
Convalescent Home. According to
Miss Gwen Wright, head occupa
tional therapist, stamp collecting
lias become an important recrea
tion. but the supply of stamps is
very limited.
Stamps should be torn away from
the envelope without being detached
from the paper, and sent to Bart
HcU'dwick. Building 117. Stanford
Village. Students may have their
contributions picked up by tele
phoning Hard wick.
Save that stamp!
Students are asked to collect used
postage stamps for children at the
Convalescent Home. According to
Miss Gwen Wright, head occupa
tional therapist, stamp collecting
lias become an important recrea
tion. but the supply of stamps is
very limited.
Stamps should be torn away from
the envelope without being detached
from the paper, and sent to Bart
HcU'dwick. Building 117. Stanford
Village. Students may have their
contributions picked up by tele
phoning Hard wick.
Save that stamp!
Students are asked to collect used
postage stamps for children at the
Convalescent Home. According to
Miss Gwen Wright, head occupa
tional therapist, stamp collecting
lias become an important recrea
tion. but the supply of stamps is
very limited.
Stamps should be torn away from
the envelope without being detached
from the paper, and sent to Bart
HcU'dwick. Building 117. Stanford
Village. Students may have their
contributions picked up by tele
phoning Hard wick.
Save that stamp!
Students are asked to collect used
postage stamps for children at the
Convalescent Home. According to
Miss Gwen Wright, head occupa
tional therapist, stamp collecting
lias become an important recrea
tion. but the supply of stamps is
very limited.
Stamps should be torn away from
the envelope without being detached
from the paper, and sent to Bart
HcU'dwick. Building 117. Stanford
Village. Students may have their
contributions picked up by tele
phoning Hard wick.
Save that stamp!
Students are asked to collect used
postage stamps for children at the
Convalescent Home. According to
Miss Gwen Wright, head occupa
tional therapist, stamp collecting
lias become an important recrea
tion. but the supply of stamps is
very limited.
Stamps should be torn away from
the envelope without being detached
from the paper, and sent to Bart
HcU'dwick. Building 117. Stanford
Village. Students may have their
contributions picked up by tele
phoning Hard wick.
Save that stamp!
Students are asked to collect used
postage stamps for children at the
Convalescent Home. According to
Miss Gwen Wright, head occupa
tional therapist, stamp collecting
lias become an important recrea
tion. but the supply of stamps is
very limited.
Stamps should be torn away from
the envelope without being detached
from the paper, and sent to Bart
HcU'dwick. Building 117. Stanford
Village. Students may have their
contributions picked up by tele
phoning Hard wick.
Save that stamp!
Students are asked to collect used
postage stamps for children at the
Convalescent Home. According to
Miss Gwen Wright, head occupa
tional therapist, stamp collecting
lias become an important recrea
tion. but the supply of stamps is
very limited.
Stamps should be torn away from
the envelope without being detached
from the paper, and sent to Bart
HcU'dwick. Building 117. Stanford
Village. Students may have their
contributions picked up by tele
phoning Hard wick.
Save that stamp!
Students are asked to collect used
postage stamps for children at the
Convalescent Home. According to
Miss Gwen Wright, head occupa
tional therapist, stamp collecting
lias become an important recrea
tion. but the supply of stamps is
very limited.
Stamps should be torn away from
the envelope without being detached
from the paper, and sent to Bart
HcU'dwick. Building 117. Stanford
Village. Students may have their
contributions picked up by tele
phoning Hard wick.
Save that stamp!
Students are asked to collect used
postage stamps for children at the
Convalescent Home. According to
Miss Gwen Wright, head occupa
tional therapist, stamp collecting
lias become an important recrea
tion. but the supply of stamps is
very limited.
Stamps should be torn away from
the envelope without being detached
from the paper, and sent to Bart
HcU'dwick. Building 117. Stanford
Village. Students may have their
contributions picked up by tele
phoning Hard wick.
Save that stamp!
Students are asked to collect used
postage stamps for children at the
Convalescent Home. According to
Miss Gwen Wright, head occupa
tional therapist, stamp collecting
lias become an important recrea
tion. but the supply of stamps is
very limited.
Stamps should be torn away from
the envelope without being detached
from the paper, and sent to Bart
HcU'dwick. Building 117. Stanford
Village. Students may have their
contributions picked up by tele
phoning Hard wick.
