# STARVING TO DEATH?
## 
### 
. . . for really good food? Wrap
your lips around a "Big Mac," a
luscious double-decker burger
Thick, eaf-with-a-spoon shakes,
too —at Johnny Mac's Drive-In
Restaurant, El Camino just this
side of Five Points. Also in
Mountain View.
. . . for really good food? Wrap
your lips around a "Big Mac," a
luscious double-decker burger
Thick, eaf-with-a-spoon shakes,
too —at Johnny Mac's Drive-In
Restaurant, El Camino just this
side of Five Points. Also in
Mountain View.
. . . for really good food? Wrap
your lips around a "Big Mac," a
luscious double-decker burger
Thick, eaf-with-a-spoon shakes,
too —at Johnny Mac's Drive-In
Restaurant, El Camino just this
side of Five Points. Also in
Mountain View.
. . . for really good food? Wrap
your lips around a "Big Mac," a
luscious double-decker burger
Thick, eaf-with-a-spoon shakes,
too —at Johnny Mac's Drive-In
Restaurant, El Camino just this
side of Five Points. Also in
Mountain View.
. . . for really good food? Wrap
your lips around a "Big Mac," a
luscious double-decker burger
Thick, eaf-with-a-spoon shakes,
too —at Johnny Mac's Drive-In
Restaurant, El Camino just this
side of Five Points. Also in
Mountain View.
. . . for really good food? Wrap
your lips around a "Big Mac," a
luscious double-decker burger
Thick, eaf-with-a-spoon shakes,
too —at Johnny Mac's Drive-In
Restaurant, El Camino just this
side of Five Points. Also in
Mountain View.
. . . for really good food? Wrap
your lips around a "Big Mac," a
luscious double-decker burger
Thick, eaf-with-a-spoon shakes,
too —at Johnny Mac's Drive-In
Restaurant, El Camino just this
side of Five Points. Also in
Mountain View.
. . . for really good food? Wrap
your lips around a "Big Mac," a
luscious double-decker burger
Thick, eaf-with-a-spoon shakes,
too —at Johnny Mac's Drive-In
Restaurant, El Camino just this
side of Five Points. Also in
Mountain View.
. . . for really good food? Wrap
your lips around a "Big Mac," a
luscious double-decker burger
Thick, eaf-with-a-spoon shakes,
too —at Johnny Mac's Drive-In
Restaurant, El Camino just this
side of Five Points. Also in
Mountain View.
. . . for really good food? Wrap
your lips around a "Big Mac," a
luscious double-decker burger
Thick, eaf-with-a-spoon shakes,
too —at Johnny Mac's Drive-In
Restaurant, El Camino just this
side of Five Points. Also in
Mountain View.
. . . for really good food? Wrap
your lips around a "Big Mac," a
luscious double-decker burger
Thick, eaf-with-a-spoon shakes,
too —at Johnny Mac's Drive-In
Restaurant, El Camino just this
side of Five Points. Also in
Mountain View.
. . . for really good food? Wrap
your lips around a "Big Mac," a
luscious double-decker burger
Thick, eaf-with-a-spoon shakes,
too —at Johnny Mac's Drive-In
Restaurant, El Camino just this
side of Five Points. Also in
Mountain View.
. . . for really good food? Wrap
your lips around a "Big Mac," a
luscious double-decker burger
Thick, eaf-with-a-spoon shakes,
too —at Johnny Mac's Drive-In
Restaurant, El Camino just this
side of Five Points. Also in
Mountain View.
. . . for really good food? Wrap
your lips around a "Big Mac," a
luscious double-decker burger
Thick, eaf-with-a-spoon shakes,
too —at Johnny Mac's Drive-In
Restaurant, El Camino just this
side of Five Points. Also in
Mountain View.
. . . for really good food? Wrap
your lips around a "Big Mac," a
luscious double-decker burger
Thick, eaf-with-a-spoon shakes,
too —at Johnny Mac's Drive-In
Restaurant, El Camino just this
side of Five Points. Also in
Mountain View.
