# Dividends Given On Vet Insurance
## 
### 
All veterans who have held Na
tional Service Life Insurance for a
substantial period will receive divi
dends. according to Harold W. Brei
ning, Veterans Administration as
sistant administrator for insurance.
The question of how much each
veteran will receive in dividends and
when these dividends will be issued
must remain unanswered pending
completion of studies now in prog
ress, Breining said. He emphasized
that the fact that a veteran may
have allowed his insurance to lapse
will not. affect his right to a divi
dend.
The VA must overcome obstacles
posed by a shortage of trained per
sonnel. space, and office equipment
in making the studies. Veterans aic
requested not to write the Veterans
Administration about the dividends.
Breining said, since "Letters must
be answered. That takes valuable
time and diverts just so much effort
from our main task."
