# FREE STEAK DINNER FOR YOU
## 
### 
Here's how you can get it: write
an ad—like you see on orher
pages in this edition—on Johnny
Mac's Drive-In. If we use your
ad, you win a free steak dinner.
Bring your ad (or mail it it you
prefer) to Johnny Mac's Drive-
In Restaurant. £1 Camiro south
of Five Points, Redwood Citv.
Here's how you can get it: write
an ad—like you see on orher
pages in this edition—on Johnny
Mac's Drive-In. If we use your
ad, you win a free steak dinner.
Bring your ad (or mail it it you
prefer) to Johnny Mac's Drive-
In Restaurant. £1 Camiro south
of Five Points, Redwood Citv.
Here's how you can get it: write
an ad—like you see on orher
pages in this edition—on Johnny
Mac's Drive-In. If we use your
ad, you win a free steak dinner.
Bring your ad (or mail it it you
prefer) to Johnny Mac's Drive-
In Restaurant. £1 Camiro south
of Five Points, Redwood Citv.
Here's how you can get it: write
an ad—like you see on orher
pages in this edition—on Johnny
Mac's Drive-In. If we use your
ad, you win a free steak dinner.
Bring your ad (or mail it it you
prefer) to Johnny Mac's Drive-
In Restaurant. £1 Camiro south
of Five Points, Redwood Citv.
Here's how you can get it: write
an ad—like you see on orher
pages in this edition—on Johnny
Mac's Drive-In. If we use your
ad, you win a free steak dinner.
Bring your ad (or mail it it you
prefer) to Johnny Mac's Drive-
In Restaurant. £1 Camiro south
of Five Points, Redwood Citv.
Here's how you can get it: write
an ad—like you see on orher
pages in this edition—on Johnny
Mac's Drive-In. If we use your
ad, you win a free steak dinner.
Bring your ad (or mail it it you
prefer) to Johnny Mac's Drive-
In Restaurant. £1 Camiro south
of Five Points, Redwood Citv.
Here's how you can get it: write
an ad—like you see on orher
pages in this edition—on Johnny
Mac's Drive-In. If we use your
ad, you win a free steak dinner.
Bring your ad (or mail it it you
prefer) to Johnny Mac's Drive-
In Restaurant. £1 Camiro south
of Five Points, Redwood Citv.
Here's how you can get it: write
an ad—like you see on orher
pages in this edition—on Johnny
Mac's Drive-In. If we use your
ad, you win a free steak dinner.
Bring your ad (or mail it it you
prefer) to Johnny Mac's Drive-
In Restaurant. £1 Camiro south
of Five Points, Redwood Citv.
Here's how you can get it: write
an ad—like you see on orher
pages in this edition—on Johnny
Mac's Drive-In. If we use your
ad, you win a free steak dinner.
Bring your ad (or mail it it you
prefer) to Johnny Mac's Drive-
In Restaurant. £1 Camiro south
of Five Points, Redwood Citv.
Here's how you can get it: write
an ad—like you see on orher
pages in this edition—on Johnny
Mac's Drive-In. If we use your
ad, you win a free steak dinner.
Bring your ad (or mail it it you
prefer) to Johnny Mac's Drive-
In Restaurant. £1 Camiro south
of Five Points, Redwood Citv.
Here's how you can get it: write
an ad—like you see on orher
pages in this edition—on Johnny
Mac's Drive-In. If we use your
ad, you win a free steak dinner.
Bring your ad (or mail it it you
prefer) to Johnny Mac's Drive-
In Restaurant. £1 Camiro south
of Five Points, Redwood Citv.
Here's how you can get it: write
an ad—like you see on orher
pages in this edition—on Johnny
Mac's Drive-In. If we use your
ad, you win a free steak dinner.
Bring your ad (or mail it it you
prefer) to Johnny Mac's Drive-
In Restaurant. £1 Camiro south
of Five Points, Redwood Citv.
Here's how you can get it: write
an ad—like you see on orher
pages in this edition—on Johnny
Mac's Drive-In. If we use your
ad, you win a free steak dinner.
Bring your ad (or mail it it you
prefer) to Johnny Mac's Drive-
In Restaurant. £1 Camiro south
of Five Points, Redwood Citv.
Here's how you can get it: write
an ad—like you see on orher
pages in this edition—on Johnny
Mac's Drive-In. If we use your
ad, you win a free steak dinner.
Bring your ad (or mail it it you
prefer) to Johnny Mac's Drive-
In Restaurant. £1 Camiro south
of Five Points, Redwood Citv.
Here's how you can get it: write
an ad—like you see on orher
pages in this edition—on Johnny
Mac's Drive-In. If we use your
ad, you win a free steak dinner.
Bring your ad (or mail it it you
prefer) to Johnny Mac's Drive-
In Restaurant. £1 Camiro south
of Five Points, Redwood Citv.
