# THE 						WEATHER
## 
### 
BAY A p EA—Fair today and to
morrow; slightly higher day time
♦enr-eratures, and gentle variable
winds.
BAY A p EA—Fair today and to
morrow; slightly higher day time
♦enr-eratures, and gentle variable
winds.
BAY A p EA—Fair today and to
morrow; slightly higher day time
♦enr-eratures, and gentle variable
winds.
BAY A p EA—Fair today and to
morrow; slightly higher day time
♦enr-eratures, and gentle variable
winds.
BAY A p EA—Fair today and to
morrow; slightly higher day time
♦enr-eratures, and gentle variable
winds.
BAY A p EA—Fair today and to
morrow; slightly higher day time
♦enr-eratures, and gentle variable
winds.
BAY A p EA—Fair today and to
morrow; slightly higher day time
♦enr-eratures, and gentle variable
winds.
BAY A p EA—Fair today and to
morrow; slightly higher day time
♦enr-eratures, and gentle variable
winds.
BAY A p EA—Fair today and to
morrow; slightly higher day time
♦enr-eratures, and gentle variable
winds.
BAY A p EA—Fair today and to
morrow; slightly higher day time
♦enr-eratures, and gentle variable
winds.
BAY A p EA—Fair today and to
morrow; slightly higher day time
♦enr-eratures, and gentle variable
winds.
BAY A p EA—Fair today and to
morrow; slightly higher day time
♦enr-eratures, and gentle variable
winds.
BAY A p EA—Fair today and to
morrow; slightly higher day time
♦enr-eratures, and gentle variable
winds.
BAY A p EA—Fair today and to
morrow; slightly higher day time
♦enr-eratures, and gentle variable
winds.
BAY A p EA—Fair today and to
morrow; slightly higher day time
♦enr-eratures, and gentle variable
winds.
