# ROOSEVELT 'AT HOME' TO WORLD LEADERS
## 
### 
World leaders will assemble in Washington at the invitation of President Roosevelt within the next month to seek remedies for the world's
economic plight. Pictured upper left are Premier Bennett (left) who will represent Canada, and former Premier Korekiyo Takahasi, who is con
sidered the first choice of the government to represent Japan. Upper right are Premier Ramsay Mac Donald (left), England's delegate, and Hans
Luther, new German ambassador to the United States, who will represent his country. France is sending former Premier Herriot (lower left);
and Ambassador Augusto Rosso (lower right) will represent Italy in the discussions.

World leaders will assemble in Washington at the invitation of President Roosevelt within the next month to seek remedies for the world's
economic plight. Pictured upper left are Premier Bennett (left) who will represent Canada, and former Premier Korekiyo Takahasi, who is con
sidered the first choice of the government to represent Japan. Upper right are Premier Ramsay Mac Donald (left), England's delegate, and Hans
Luther, new German ambassador to the United States, who will represent his country. France is sending former Premier Herriot (lower left);
and Ambassador Augusto Rosso (lower right) will represent Italy in the discussions.

World leaders will assemble in Washington at the invitation of President Roosevelt within the next month to seek remedies for the world's
economic plight. Pictured upper left are Premier Bennett (left) who will represent Canada, and former Premier Korekiyo Takahasi, who is con
sidered the first choice of the government to represent Japan. Upper right are Premier Ramsay Mac Donald (left), England's delegate, and Hans
Luther, new German ambassador to the United States, who will represent his country. France is sending former Premier Herriot (lower left);
and Ambassador Augusto Rosso (lower right) will represent Italy in the discussions.

World leaders will assemble in Washington at the invitation of President Roosevelt within the next month to seek remedies for the world's
economic plight. Pictured upper left are Premier Bennett (left) who will represent Canada, and former Premier Korekiyo Takahasi, who is con
sidered the first choice of the government to represent Japan. Upper right are Premier Ramsay Mac Donald (left), England's delegate, and Hans
Luther, new German ambassador to the United States, who will represent his country. France is sending former Premier Herriot (lower left);
and Ambassador Augusto Rosso (lower right) will represent Italy in the discussions.

World leaders will assemble in Washington at the invitation of President Roosevelt within the next month to seek remedies for the world's
economic plight. Pictured upper left are Premier Bennett (left) who will represent Canada, and former Premier Korekiyo Takahasi, who is con
sidered the first choice of the government to represent Japan. Upper right are Premier Ramsay Mac Donald (left), England's delegate, and Hans
Luther, new German ambassador to the United States, who will represent his country. France is sending former Premier Herriot (lower left);
and Ambassador Augusto Rosso (lower right) will represent Italy in the discussions.

World leaders will assemble in Washington at the invitation of President Roosevelt within the next month to seek remedies for the world's
economic plight. Pictured upper left are Premier Bennett (left) who will represent Canada, and former Premier Korekiyo Takahasi, who is con
sidered the first choice of the government to represent Japan. Upper right are Premier Ramsay Mac Donald (left), England's delegate, and Hans
Luther, new German ambassador to the United States, who will represent his country. France is sending former Premier Herriot (lower left);
and Ambassador Augusto Rosso (lower right) will represent Italy in the discussions.

World leaders will assemble in Washington at the invitation of President Roosevelt within the next month to seek remedies for the world's
economic plight. Pictured upper left are Premier Bennett (left) who will represent Canada, and former Premier Korekiyo Takahasi, who is con
sidered the first choice of the government to represent Japan. Upper right are Premier Ramsay Mac Donald (left), England's delegate, and Hans
Luther, new German ambassador to the United States, who will represent his country. France is sending former Premier Herriot (lower left);
and Ambassador Augusto Rosso (lower right) will represent Italy in the discussions.

World leaders will assemble in Washington at the invitation of President Roosevelt within the next month to seek remedies for the world's
economic plight. Pictured upper left are Premier Bennett (left) who will represent Canada, and former Premier Korekiyo Takahasi, who is con
sidered the first choice of the government to represent Japan. Upper right are Premier Ramsay Mac Donald (left), England's delegate, and Hans
Luther, new German ambassador to the United States, who will represent his country. France is sending former Premier Herriot (lower left);
and Ambassador Augusto Rosso (lower right) will represent Italy in the discussions.

World leaders will assemble in Washington at the invitation of President Roosevelt within the next month to seek remedies for the world's
economic plight. Pictured upper left are Premier Bennett (left) who will represent Canada, and former Premier Korekiyo Takahasi, who is con
sidered the first choice of the government to represent Japan. Upper right are Premier Ramsay Mac Donald (left), England's delegate, and Hans
Luther, new German ambassador to the United States, who will represent his country. France is sending former Premier Herriot (lower left);
and Ambassador Augusto Rosso (lower right) will represent Italy in the discussions.

World leaders will assemble in Washington at the invitation of President Roosevelt within the next month to seek remedies for the world's
economic plight. Pictured upper left are Premier Bennett (left) who will represent Canada, and former Premier Korekiyo Takahasi, who is con
sidered the first choice of the government to represent Japan. Upper right are Premier Ramsay Mac Donald (left), England's delegate, and Hans
Luther, new German ambassador to the United States, who will represent his country. France is sending former Premier Herriot (lower left);
and Ambassador Augusto Rosso (lower right) will represent Italy in the discussions.

World leaders will assemble in Washington at the invitation of President Roosevelt within the next month to seek remedies for the world's
economic plight. Pictured upper left are Premier Bennett (left) who will represent Canada, and former Premier Korekiyo Takahasi, who is con
sidered the first choice of the government to represent Japan. Upper right are Premier Ramsay Mac Donald (left), England's delegate, and Hans
Luther, new German ambassador to the United States, who will represent his country. France is sending former Premier Herriot (lower left);
and Ambassador Augusto Rosso (lower right) will represent Italy in the discussions.

World leaders will assemble in Washington at the invitation of President Roosevelt within the next month to seek remedies for the world's
economic plight. Pictured upper left are Premier Bennett (left) who will represent Canada, and former Premier Korekiyo Takahasi, who is con
sidered the first choice of the government to represent Japan. Upper right are Premier Ramsay Mac Donald (left), England's delegate, and Hans
Luther, new German ambassador to the United States, who will represent his country. France is sending former Premier Herriot (lower left);
and Ambassador Augusto Rosso (lower right) will represent Italy in the discussions.

World leaders will assemble in Washington at the invitation of President Roosevelt within the next month to seek remedies for the world's
economic plight. Pictured upper left are Premier Bennett (left) who will represent Canada, and former Premier Korekiyo Takahasi, who is con
sidered the first choice of the government to represent Japan. Upper right are Premier Ramsay Mac Donald (left), England's delegate, and Hans
Luther, new German ambassador to the United States, who will represent his country. France is sending former Premier Herriot (lower left);
and Ambassador Augusto Rosso (lower right) will represent Italy in the discussions.

World leaders will assemble in Washington at the invitation of President Roosevelt within the next month to seek remedies for the world's
economic plight. Pictured upper left are Premier Bennett (left) who will represent Canada, and former Premier Korekiyo Takahasi, who is con
sidered the first choice of the government to represent Japan. Upper right are Premier Ramsay Mac Donald (left), England's delegate, and Hans
Luther, new German ambassador to the United States, who will represent his country. France is sending former Premier Herriot (lower left);
and Ambassador Augusto Rosso (lower right) will represent Italy in the discussions.

