# KAPPA SIGMA PLEDGE
## 
### 
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of James Clark, '34.
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of James Clark, '34.
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of James Clark, '34.
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of James Clark, '34.
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of James Clark, '34.
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of James Clark, '34.
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of James Clark, '34.
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of James Clark, '34.
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of James Clark, '34.
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of James Clark, '34.
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of James Clark, '34.
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of James Clark, '34.
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of James Clark, '34.
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of James Clark, '34.
