# CHAMPION CREW OF PACIFIC COASTâ€”AND THE ALSO ROWED
## 
### 

University of Washington's powerful crews swept the lagoon at Long Beach Saturday as its varsity eight (left) came through to a smashing
victory over California (lower right) and U.C.L.A. (upper right). Wash ington also won the four-oared event and the freshman race. The Huskies
time oS G minutes, 30 seconds for the 2000 meters was 7 seconds ifaster than the. Bears' time which gave them the Olympic championship last summer

University of Washington's powerful crews swept the lagoon at Long Beach Saturday as its varsity eight (left) came through to a smashing
victory over California (lower right) and U.C.L.A. (upper right). Wash ington also won the four-oared event and the freshman race. The Huskies
time oS G minutes, 30 seconds for the 2000 meters was 7 seconds ifaster than the. Bears' time which gave them the Olympic championship last summer

University of Washington's powerful crews swept the lagoon at Long Beach Saturday as its varsity eight (left) came through to a smashing
victory over California (lower right) and U.C.L.A. (upper right). Wash ington also won the four-oared event and the freshman race. The Huskies
time oS G minutes, 30 seconds for the 2000 meters was 7 seconds ifaster than the. Bears' time which gave them the Olympic championship last summer

University of Washington's powerful crews swept the lagoon at Long Beach Saturday as its varsity eight (left) came through to a smashing
victory over California (lower right) and U.C.L.A. (upper right). Wash ington also won the four-oared event and the freshman race. The Huskies
time oS G minutes, 30 seconds for the 2000 meters was 7 seconds ifaster than the. Bears' time which gave them the Olympic championship last summer

University of Washington's powerful crews swept the lagoon at Long Beach Saturday as its varsity eight (left) came through to a smashing
victory over California (lower right) and U.C.L.A. (upper right). Wash ington also won the four-oared event and the freshman race. The Huskies
time oS G minutes, 30 seconds for the 2000 meters was 7 seconds ifaster than the. Bears' time which gave them the Olympic championship last summer

University of Washington's powerful crews swept the lagoon at Long Beach Saturday as its varsity eight (left) came through to a smashing
victory over California (lower right) and U.C.L.A. (upper right). Wash ington also won the four-oared event and the freshman race. The Huskies
time oS G minutes, 30 seconds for the 2000 meters was 7 seconds ifaster than the. Bears' time which gave them the Olympic championship last summer

University of Washington's powerful crews swept the lagoon at Long Beach Saturday as its varsity eight (left) came through to a smashing
victory over California (lower right) and U.C.L.A. (upper right). Wash ington also won the four-oared event and the freshman race. The Huskies
time oS G minutes, 30 seconds for the 2000 meters was 7 seconds ifaster than the. Bears' time which gave them the Olympic championship last summer

University of Washington's powerful crews swept the lagoon at Long Beach Saturday as its varsity eight (left) came through to a smashing
victory over California (lower right) and U.C.L.A. (upper right). Wash ington also won the four-oared event and the freshman race. The Huskies
time oS G minutes, 30 seconds for the 2000 meters was 7 seconds ifaster than the. Bears' time which gave them the Olympic championship last summer

University of Washington's powerful crews swept the lagoon at Long Beach Saturday as its varsity eight (left) came through to a smashing
victory over California (lower right) and U.C.L.A. (upper right). Wash ington also won the four-oared event and the freshman race. The Huskies
time oS G minutes, 30 seconds for the 2000 meters was 7 seconds ifaster than the. Bears' time which gave them the Olympic championship last summer

University of Washington's powerful crews swept the lagoon at Long Beach Saturday as its varsity eight (left) came through to a smashing
victory over California (lower right) and U.C.L.A. (upper right). Wash ington also won the four-oared event and the freshman race. The Huskies
time oS G minutes, 30 seconds for the 2000 meters was 7 seconds ifaster than the. Bears' time which gave them the Olympic championship last summer

University of Washington's powerful crews swept the lagoon at Long Beach Saturday as its varsity eight (left) came through to a smashing
victory over California (lower right) and U.C.L.A. (upper right). Wash ington also won the four-oared event and the freshman race. The Huskies
time oS G minutes, 30 seconds for the 2000 meters was 7 seconds ifaster than the. Bears' time which gave them the Olympic championship last summer

University of Washington's powerful crews swept the lagoon at Long Beach Saturday as its varsity eight (left) came through to a smashing
victory over California (lower right) and U.C.L.A. (upper right). Wash ington also won the four-oared event and the freshman race. The Huskies
time oS G minutes, 30 seconds for the 2000 meters was 7 seconds ifaster than the. Bears' time which gave them the Olympic championship last summer

University of Washington's powerful crews swept the lagoon at Long Beach Saturday as its varsity eight (left) came through to a smashing
victory over California (lower right) and U.C.L.A. (upper right). Wash ington also won the four-oared event and the freshman race. The Huskies
time oS G minutes, 30 seconds for the 2000 meters was 7 seconds ifaster than the. Bears' time which gave them the Olympic championship last summer

University of Washington's powerful crews swept the lagoon at Long Beach Saturday as its varsity eight (left) came through to a smashing
victory over California (lower right) and U.C.L.A. (upper right). Wash ington also won the four-oared event and the freshman race. The Huskies
time oS G minutes, 30 seconds for the 2000 meters was 7 seconds ifaster than the. Bears' time which gave them the Olympic championship last summer
