# SIGMA NU PLEDGE
## 
### 
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Tom Oberschmidt,
'43, to Sigma Nu.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Tom Oberschmidt,
'43, to Sigma Nu.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Tom Oberschmidt,
'43, to Sigma Nu.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Tom Oberschmidt,
'43, to Sigma Nu.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Tom Oberschmidt,
'43, to Sigma Nu.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Tom Oberschmidt,
'43, to Sigma Nu.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Tom Oberschmidt,
'43, to Sigma Nu.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Tom Oberschmidt,
'43, to Sigma Nu.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Tom Oberschmidt,
'43, to Sigma Nu.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Tom Oberschmidt,
'43, to Sigma Nu.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Tom Oberschmidt,
'43, to Sigma Nu.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Tom Oberschmidt,
'43, to Sigma Nu.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Tom Oberschmidt,
'43, to Sigma Nu.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Tom Oberschmidt,
'43, to Sigma Nu.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Tom Oberschmidt,
'43, to Sigma Nu.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Tom Oberschmidt,
'43, to Sigma Nu.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Tom Oberschmidt,
'43, to Sigma Nu.
