# Father and Son
## 
### 

LIKE FATHER, like son. That's
the story told here by Larry
French, ace Chicago hurler, who
taught the game to Larry Jr. dur
ing spring training at Catalina.
Little Larry wants to follow his
dad's footsteps.

LIKE FATHER, like son. That's
the story told here by Larry
French, ace Chicago hurler, who
taught the game to Larry Jr. dur
ing spring training at Catalina.
Little Larry wants to follow his
dad's footsteps.

LIKE FATHER, like son. That's
the story told here by Larry
French, ace Chicago hurler, who
taught the game to Larry Jr. dur
ing spring training at Catalina.
Little Larry wants to follow his
dad's footsteps.

LIKE FATHER, like son. That's
the story told here by Larry
French, ace Chicago hurler, who
taught the game to Larry Jr. dur
ing spring training at Catalina.
Little Larry wants to follow his
dad's footsteps.

LIKE FATHER, like son. That's
the story told here by Larry
French, ace Chicago hurler, who
taught the game to Larry Jr. dur
ing spring training at Catalina.
Little Larry wants to follow his
dad's footsteps.

LIKE FATHER, like son. That's
the story told here by Larry
French, ace Chicago hurler, who
taught the game to Larry Jr. dur
ing spring training at Catalina.
Little Larry wants to follow his
dad's footsteps.

LIKE FATHER, like son. That's
the story told here by Larry
French, ace Chicago hurler, who
taught the game to Larry Jr. dur
ing spring training at Catalina.
Little Larry wants to follow his
dad's footsteps.

LIKE FATHER, like son. That's
the story told here by Larry
French, ace Chicago hurler, who
taught the game to Larry Jr. dur
ing spring training at Catalina.
Little Larry wants to follow his
dad's footsteps.

LIKE FATHER, like son. That's
the story told here by Larry
French, ace Chicago hurler, who
taught the game to Larry Jr. dur
ing spring training at Catalina.
Little Larry wants to follow his
dad's footsteps.

LIKE FATHER, like son. That's
the story told here by Larry
French, ace Chicago hurler, who
taught the game to Larry Jr. dur
ing spring training at Catalina.
Little Larry wants to follow his
dad's footsteps.

LIKE FATHER, like son. That's
the story told here by Larry
French, ace Chicago hurler, who
taught the game to Larry Jr. dur
ing spring training at Catalina.
Little Larry wants to follow his
dad's footsteps.

LIKE FATHER, like son. That's
the story told here by Larry
French, ace Chicago hurler, who
taught the game to Larry Jr. dur
ing spring training at Catalina.
Little Larry wants to follow his
dad's footsteps.

LIKE FATHER, like son. That's
the story told here by Larry
French, ace Chicago hurler, who
taught the game to Larry Jr. dur
ing spring training at Catalina.
Little Larry wants to follow his
dad's footsteps.

LIKE FATHER, like son. That's
the story told here by Larry
French, ace Chicago hurler, who
taught the game to Larry Jr. dur
ing spring training at Catalina.
Little Larry wants to follow his
dad's footsteps.

LIKE FATHER, like son. That's
the story told here by Larry
French, ace Chicago hurler, who
taught the game to Larry Jr. dur
ing spring training at Catalina.
Little Larry wants to follow his
dad's footsteps.

LIKE FATHER, like son. That's
the story told here by Larry
French, ace Chicago hurler, who
taught the game to Larry Jr. dur
ing spring training at Catalina.
Little Larry wants to follow his
dad's footsteps.

LIKE FATHER, like son. That's
the story told here by Larry
French, ace Chicago hurler, who
taught the game to Larry Jr. dur
ing spring training at Catalina.
Little Larry wants to follow his
dad's footsteps.
