# Aids Evacuation
## 
### 

U. S. MINISTER to Sweden Fred
erick A. Sterling, whose problems
have grown to major proportions
with the Nazi invasion of Scandi
navia. He is aiding evacuation of
Americans.

U. S. MINISTER to Sweden Fred
erick A. Sterling, whose problems
have grown to major proportions
with the Nazi invasion of Scandi
navia. He is aiding evacuation of
Americans.

U. S. MINISTER to Sweden Fred
erick A. Sterling, whose problems
have grown to major proportions
with the Nazi invasion of Scandi
navia. He is aiding evacuation of
Americans.

U. S. MINISTER to Sweden Fred
erick A. Sterling, whose problems
have grown to major proportions
with the Nazi invasion of Scandi
navia. He is aiding evacuation of
Americans.

U. S. MINISTER to Sweden Fred
erick A. Sterling, whose problems
have grown to major proportions
with the Nazi invasion of Scandi
navia. He is aiding evacuation of
Americans.

U. S. MINISTER to Sweden Fred
erick A. Sterling, whose problems
have grown to major proportions
with the Nazi invasion of Scandi
navia. He is aiding evacuation of
Americans.

U. S. MINISTER to Sweden Fred
erick A. Sterling, whose problems
have grown to major proportions
with the Nazi invasion of Scandi
navia. He is aiding evacuation of
Americans.

U. S. MINISTER to Sweden Fred
erick A. Sterling, whose problems
have grown to major proportions
with the Nazi invasion of Scandi
navia. He is aiding evacuation of
Americans.

U. S. MINISTER to Sweden Fred
erick A. Sterling, whose problems
have grown to major proportions
with the Nazi invasion of Scandi
navia. He is aiding evacuation of
Americans.

U. S. MINISTER to Sweden Fred
erick A. Sterling, whose problems
have grown to major proportions
with the Nazi invasion of Scandi
navia. He is aiding evacuation of
Americans.

U. S. MINISTER to Sweden Fred
erick A. Sterling, whose problems
have grown to major proportions
with the Nazi invasion of Scandi
navia. He is aiding evacuation of
Americans.

U. S. MINISTER to Sweden Fred
erick A. Sterling, whose problems
have grown to major proportions
with the Nazi invasion of Scandi
navia. He is aiding evacuation of
Americans.

U. S. MINISTER to Sweden Fred
erick A. Sterling, whose problems
have grown to major proportions
with the Nazi invasion of Scandi
navia. He is aiding evacuation of
Americans.

U. S. MINISTER to Sweden Fred
erick A. Sterling, whose problems
have grown to major proportions
with the Nazi invasion of Scandi
navia. He is aiding evacuation of
Americans.

U. S. MINISTER to Sweden Fred
erick A. Sterling, whose problems
have grown to major proportions
with the Nazi invasion of Scandi
navia. He is aiding evacuation of
Americans.

U. S. MINISTER to Sweden Fred
erick A. Sterling, whose problems
have grown to major proportions
with the Nazi invasion of Scandi
navia. He is aiding evacuation of
Americans.

U. S. MINISTER to Sweden Fred
erick A. Sterling, whose problems
have grown to major proportions
with the Nazi invasion of Scandi
navia. He is aiding evacuation of
Americans.
