# Positions Open For Associates
## 
### 
Applications for next year's
Wilbur Student Associates are
now available at the Wilbur Of
fice. Deadline for filing applica
tions is Friday, May 21, and the
program itself will begin next
fall quarter.
The program seeks to provide
first-hand knowledge of academ
ics, current thought in major
fields of study, student activities,
and opportunities for involvement
in special programs. Graduate
students, as well as upperclass
men and women, are urged to ap
ply-
The Sunday through Thursday
dinner tickets will be available
for $80.00, and the lunch tickets
for $53.00, or Associates may
make arrangements for a com
bination of lunch and dinner.
Applications for next year's
Wilbur Student Associates are
now available at the Wilbur Of
fice. Deadline for filing applica
tions is Friday, May 21, and the
program itself will begin next
fall quarter.
The program seeks to provide
first-hand knowledge of academ
ics, current thought in major
fields of study, student activities,
and opportunities for involvement
in special programs. Graduate
students, as well as upperclass
men and women, are urged to ap
ply-
The Sunday through Thursday
dinner tickets will be available
for $80.00, and the lunch tickets
for $53.00, or Associates may
make arrangements for a com
bination of lunch and dinner.
Applications for next year's
Wilbur Student Associates are
now available at the Wilbur Of
fice. Deadline for filing applica
tions is Friday, May 21, and the
program itself will begin next
fall quarter.
The program seeks to provide
first-hand knowledge of academ
ics, current thought in major
fields of study, student activities,
and opportunities for involvement
in special programs. Graduate
students, as well as upperclass
men and women, are urged to ap
ply-
The Sunday through Thursday
dinner tickets will be available
for $80.00, and the lunch tickets
for $53.00, or Associates may
make arrangements for a com
bination of lunch and dinner.
Applications for next year's
Wilbur Student Associates are
now available at the Wilbur Of
fice. Deadline for filing applica
tions is Friday, May 21, and the
program itself will begin next
fall quarter.
The program seeks to provide
first-hand knowledge of academ
ics, current thought in major
fields of study, student activities,
and opportunities for involvement
in special programs. Graduate
students, as well as upperclass
men and women, are urged to ap
ply-
The Sunday through Thursday
dinner tickets will be available
for $80.00, and the lunch tickets
for $53.00, or Associates may
make arrangements for a com
bination of lunch and dinner.
Applications for next year's
Wilbur Student Associates are
now available at the Wilbur Of
fice. Deadline for filing applica
tions is Friday, May 21, and the
program itself will begin next
fall quarter.
The program seeks to provide
first-hand knowledge of academ
ics, current thought in major
fields of study, student activities,
and opportunities for involvement
in special programs. Graduate
students, as well as upperclass
men and women, are urged to ap
ply-
The Sunday through Thursday
dinner tickets will be available
for $80.00, and the lunch tickets
for $53.00, or Associates may
make arrangements for a com
bination of lunch and dinner.
Applications for next year's
Wilbur Student Associates are
now available at the Wilbur Of
fice. Deadline for filing applica
tions is Friday, May 21, and the
program itself will begin next
fall quarter.
The program seeks to provide
first-hand knowledge of academ
ics, current thought in major
fields of study, student activities,
and opportunities for involvement
in special programs. Graduate
students, as well as upperclass
men and women, are urged to ap
ply-
The Sunday through Thursday
dinner tickets will be available
for $80.00, and the lunch tickets
for $53.00, or Associates may
make arrangements for a com
bination of lunch and dinner.
Applications for next year's
Wilbur Student Associates are
now available at the Wilbur Of
fice. Deadline for filing applica
tions is Friday, May 21, and the
program itself will begin next
fall quarter.
The program seeks to provide
first-hand knowledge of academ
ics, current thought in major
fields of study, student activities,
and opportunities for involvement
in special programs. Graduate
students, as well as upperclass
men and women, are urged to ap
ply-
The Sunday through Thursday
dinner tickets will be available
for $80.00, and the lunch tickets
for $53.00, or Associates may
make arrangements for a com
bination of lunch and dinner.
Applications for next year's
Wilbur Student Associates are
now available at the Wilbur Of
fice. Deadline for filing applica
tions is Friday, May 21, and the
program itself will begin next
fall quarter.
The program seeks to provide
first-hand knowledge of academ
ics, current thought in major
fields of study, student activities,
and opportunities for involvement
in special programs. Graduate
students, as well as upperclass
men and women, are urged to ap
ply-
The Sunday through Thursday
dinner tickets will be available
for $80.00, and the lunch tickets
for $53.00, or Associates may
make arrangements for a com
bination of lunch and dinner.
Applications for next year's
Wilbur Student Associates are
now available at the Wilbur Of
fice. Deadline for filing applica
tions is Friday, May 21, and the
program itself will begin next
fall quarter.
The program seeks to provide
first-hand knowledge of academ
ics, current thought in major
fields of study, student activities,
and opportunities for involvement
in special programs. Graduate
students, as well as upperclass
men and women, are urged to ap
ply-
The Sunday through Thursday
dinner tickets will be available
for $80.00, and the lunch tickets
for $53.00, or Associates may
make arrangements for a com
bination of lunch and dinner.
Applications for next year's
Wilbur Student Associates are
now available at the Wilbur Of
fice. Deadline for filing applica
tions is Friday, May 21, and the
program itself will begin next
fall quarter.
The program seeks to provide
first-hand knowledge of academ
ics, current thought in major
fields of study, student activities,
and opportunities for involvement
in special programs. Graduate
students, as well as upperclass
men and women, are urged to ap
ply-
The Sunday through Thursday
dinner tickets will be available
for $80.00, and the lunch tickets
for $53.00, or Associates may
make arrangements for a com
bination of lunch and dinner.
Applications for next year's
Wilbur Student Associates are
now available at the Wilbur Of
fice. Deadline for filing applica
tions is Friday, May 21, and the
program itself will begin next
fall quarter.
The program seeks to provide
first-hand knowledge of academ
ics, current thought in major
fields of study, student activities,
and opportunities for involvement
in special programs. Graduate
students, as well as upperclass
men and women, are urged to ap
ply-
The Sunday through Thursday
dinner tickets will be available
for $80.00, and the lunch tickets
for $53.00, or Associates may
make arrangements for a com
bination of lunch and dinner.
Applications for next year's
Wilbur Student Associates are
now available at the Wilbur Of
fice. Deadline for filing applica
tions is Friday, May 21, and the
program itself will begin next
fall quarter.
The program seeks to provide
first-hand knowledge of academ
ics, current thought in major
fields of study, student activities,
and opportunities for involvement
in special programs. Graduate
students, as well as upperclass
men and women, are urged to ap
ply-
The Sunday through Thursday
dinner tickets will be available
for $80.00, and the lunch tickets
for $53.00, or Associates may
make arrangements for a com
bination of lunch and dinner.
Applications for next year's
Wilbur Student Associates are
now available at the Wilbur Of
fice. Deadline for filing applica
tions is Friday, May 21, and the
program itself will begin next
fall quarter.
The program seeks to provide
first-hand knowledge of academ
ics, current thought in major
fields of study, student activities,
and opportunities for involvement
in special programs. Graduate
students, as well as upperclass
men and women, are urged to ap
ply-
The Sunday through Thursday
dinner tickets will be available
for $80.00, and the lunch tickets
for $53.00, or Associates may
make arrangements for a com
bination of lunch and dinner.
Applications for next year's
Wilbur Student Associates are
now available at the Wilbur Of
fice. Deadline for filing applica
tions is Friday, May 21, and the
program itself will begin next
fall quarter.
The program seeks to provide
first-hand knowledge of academ
ics, current thought in major
fields of study, student activities,
and opportunities for involvement
in special programs. Graduate
students, as well as upperclass
men and women, are urged to ap
ply-
The Sunday through Thursday
dinner tickets will be available
for $80.00, and the lunch tickets
for $53.00, or Associates may
make arrangements for a com
bination of lunch and dinner.
Applications for next year's
Wilbur Student Associates are
now available at the Wilbur Of
fice. Deadline for filing applica
tions is Friday, May 21, and the
program itself will begin next
fall quarter.
The program seeks to provide
first-hand knowledge of academ
ics, current thought in major
fields of study, student activities,
and opportunities for involvement
in special programs. Graduate
students, as well as upperclass
men and women, are urged to ap
ply-
The Sunday through Thursday
dinner tickets will be available
for $80.00, and the lunch tickets
for $53.00, or Associates may
make arrangements for a com
bination of lunch and dinner.
