# Students' Role Dean's Subject
## 
### 
Dean of Students H. Donald
Winbigler will he speaking in the
Tresidder large lounge at 8:00
p.m. tonight on "The Role of the
Student in the Stanford Com
munity." This lecture will be the
third and last in this quarter's
series on the Stanford Student.
Winbigler has been at Stanford
since 1940 and Dean of Students
since 1950. Before that, he held
several administrative positions
with regard to admissions and
placement services. He also serves
on a number of faculty commit
tees, including the Stndent Af
fairs, Financial Aid, and Stanford
Union Committees.
He will discuss the Stanford
student from the administration's
point of view.
