# CHAPPIE SALES
## 
### 
Friday's sale of the April Chap
arral totaled approximately two
thousand copies, according to Old
Boy, Dick Enersen. The few re
maining copies of the magazine
will be on sale today at Engineer
ing corner from eight to twelve
today.
Friday's sale of the April Chap
arral totaled approximately two
thousand copies, according to Old
Boy, Dick Enersen. The few re
maining copies of the magazine
will be on sale today at Engineer
ing corner from eight to twelve
today.
Friday's sale of the April Chap
arral totaled approximately two
thousand copies, according to Old
Boy, Dick Enersen. The few re
maining copies of the magazine
will be on sale today at Engineer
ing corner from eight to twelve
today.
Friday's sale of the April Chap
arral totaled approximately two
thousand copies, according to Old
Boy, Dick Enersen. The few re
maining copies of the magazine
will be on sale today at Engineer
ing corner from eight to twelve
today.
Friday's sale of the April Chap
arral totaled approximately two
thousand copies, according to Old
Boy, Dick Enersen. The few re
maining copies of the magazine
will be on sale today at Engineer
ing corner from eight to twelve
today.
Friday's sale of the April Chap
arral totaled approximately two
thousand copies, according to Old
Boy, Dick Enersen. The few re
maining copies of the magazine
will be on sale today at Engineer
ing corner from eight to twelve
today.
Friday's sale of the April Chap
arral totaled approximately two
thousand copies, according to Old
Boy, Dick Enersen. The few re
maining copies of the magazine
will be on sale today at Engineer
ing corner from eight to twelve
today.
Friday's sale of the April Chap
arral totaled approximately two
thousand copies, according to Old
Boy, Dick Enersen. The few re
maining copies of the magazine
will be on sale today at Engineer
ing corner from eight to twelve
today.
Friday's sale of the April Chap
arral totaled approximately two
thousand copies, according to Old
Boy, Dick Enersen. The few re
maining copies of the magazine
will be on sale today at Engineer
ing corner from eight to twelve
today.
Friday's sale of the April Chap
arral totaled approximately two
thousand copies, according to Old
Boy, Dick Enersen. The few re
maining copies of the magazine
will be on sale today at Engineer
ing corner from eight to twelve
today.
Friday's sale of the April Chap
arral totaled approximately two
thousand copies, according to Old
Boy, Dick Enersen. The few re
maining copies of the magazine
will be on sale today at Engineer
ing corner from eight to twelve
today.
Friday's sale of the April Chap
arral totaled approximately two
thousand copies, according to Old
Boy, Dick Enersen. The few re
maining copies of the magazine
will be on sale today at Engineer
ing corner from eight to twelve
today.
Friday's sale of the April Chap
arral totaled approximately two
thousand copies, according to Old
Boy, Dick Enersen. The few re
maining copies of the magazine
will be on sale today at Engineer
ing corner from eight to twelve
today.
Friday's sale of the April Chap
arral totaled approximately two
thousand copies, according to Old
Boy, Dick Enersen. The few re
maining copies of the magazine
will be on sale today at Engineer
ing corner from eight to twelve
today.
Friday's sale of the April Chap
arral totaled approximately two
thousand copies, according to Old
Boy, Dick Enersen. The few re
maining copies of the magazine
will be on sale today at Engineer
ing corner from eight to twelve
today.
