# LYON, LOS ANGELES ATTORNEY, TO GIVE PATENT LAW HERE
## 
### 
Leonard fc' Lyon, prominent Los
Angeles patent nu rney, will give a
series of eight lectui -s on Patent
Law during ihe month ol February,
according to an announcement made
today by Professor Marion R. Kirk
wood, Dean of the Stanford Law
School.
Lectures will be given in Room
12 of ihe Law Building at 4:15
o'clock Friday afternoons and at 10
o'clock Saturday mornings through
cut the month. Lyon is an ex
tremely interesting lecturer, accord
ing to Kirkwood. fie has given this
series of lectures on Patent Lav/
here each alternate year since 1924.
Lectures are of a non-technical
character and seek to portray the
patent system as a whole. They are
particularly valuable to engineers,
chemists, and other potential in
ventors, as well as to law students,
declares Kirkwood. In the past about
50 per cent of those attending were
iiom the engineering and chemistry
departrrfcnts.
A bronze statue of Lenin, leader
of the Russian revolution, is to be
erected at the port of Leningrade,
and will serve not only as a monu
ment, but as a lighthouse as well.
