# UW Game Movies
## 
### 
Two showings of the Stanford-
University of Washington game
movies will be staged in Cubbcr
le.v Auditorium tonight at 7:30
and 8:20. A sound track accom
panies the film.
Two showings of the Stanford-
University of Washington game
movies will be staged in Cubbcr
le.v Auditorium tonight at 7:30
and 8:20. A sound track accom
panies the film.
Two showings of the Stanford-
University of Washington game
movies will be staged in Cubbcr
le.v Auditorium tonight at 7:30
and 8:20. A sound track accom
panies the film.
Two showings of the Stanford-
University of Washington game
movies will be staged in Cubbcr
le.v Auditorium tonight at 7:30
and 8:20. A sound track accom
panies the film.
Two showings of the Stanford-
University of Washington game
movies will be staged in Cubbcr
le.v Auditorium tonight at 7:30
and 8:20. A sound track accom
panies the film.
Two showings of the Stanford-
University of Washington game
movies will be staged in Cubbcr
le.v Auditorium tonight at 7:30
and 8:20. A sound track accom
panies the film.
Two showings of the Stanford-
University of Washington game
movies will be staged in Cubbcr
le.v Auditorium tonight at 7:30
and 8:20. A sound track accom
panies the film.
Two showings of the Stanford-
University of Washington game
movies will be staged in Cubbcr
le.v Auditorium tonight at 7:30
and 8:20. A sound track accom
panies the film.
Two showings of the Stanford-
University of Washington game
movies will be staged in Cubbcr
le.v Auditorium tonight at 7:30
and 8:20. A sound track accom
panies the film.
Two showings of the Stanford-
University of Washington game
movies will be staged in Cubbcr
le.v Auditorium tonight at 7:30
and 8:20. A sound track accom
panies the film.
Two showings of the Stanford-
University of Washington game
movies will be staged in Cubbcr
le.v Auditorium tonight at 7:30
and 8:20. A sound track accom
panies the film.
Two showings of the Stanford-
University of Washington game
movies will be staged in Cubbcr
le.v Auditorium tonight at 7:30
and 8:20. A sound track accom
panies the film.
Two showings of the Stanford-
University of Washington game
movies will be staged in Cubbcr
le.v Auditorium tonight at 7:30
and 8:20. A sound track accom
panies the film.
Two showings of the Stanford-
University of Washington game
movies will be staged in Cubbcr
le.v Auditorium tonight at 7:30
and 8:20. A sound track accom
panies the film.
Two showings of the Stanford-
University of Washington game
movies will be staged in Cubbcr
le.v Auditorium tonight at 7:30
and 8:20. A sound track accom
panies the film.
