# STANFORD SCHOOL FIRE
## 
### 
A small blaze ignited hv an ovcr
heatcd furnace was quickly extin
guished by campus firefighters at
tho Stanford Elementary School
early yesterday morning. The fire
caused little damage, firemen said.
A small blaze ignited hv an ovcr
heatcd furnace was quickly extin
guished by campus firefighters at
tho Stanford Elementary School
early yesterday morning. The fire
caused little damage, firemen said.
A small blaze ignited hv an ovcr
heatcd furnace was quickly extin
guished by campus firefighters at
tho Stanford Elementary School
early yesterday morning. The fire
caused little damage, firemen said.
A small blaze ignited hv an ovcr
heatcd furnace was quickly extin
guished by campus firefighters at
tho Stanford Elementary School
early yesterday morning. The fire
caused little damage, firemen said.
A small blaze ignited hv an ovcr
heatcd furnace was quickly extin
guished by campus firefighters at
tho Stanford Elementary School
early yesterday morning. The fire
caused little damage, firemen said.
A small blaze ignited hv an ovcr
heatcd furnace was quickly extin
guished by campus firefighters at
tho Stanford Elementary School
early yesterday morning. The fire
caused little damage, firemen said.
A small blaze ignited hv an ovcr
heatcd furnace was quickly extin
guished by campus firefighters at
tho Stanford Elementary School
early yesterday morning. The fire
caused little damage, firemen said.
A small blaze ignited hv an ovcr
heatcd furnace was quickly extin
guished by campus firefighters at
tho Stanford Elementary School
early yesterday morning. The fire
caused little damage, firemen said.
A small blaze ignited hv an ovcr
heatcd furnace was quickly extin
guished by campus firefighters at
tho Stanford Elementary School
early yesterday morning. The fire
caused little damage, firemen said.
A small blaze ignited hv an ovcr
heatcd furnace was quickly extin
guished by campus firefighters at
tho Stanford Elementary School
early yesterday morning. The fire
caused little damage, firemen said.
A small blaze ignited hv an ovcr
heatcd furnace was quickly extin
guished by campus firefighters at
tho Stanford Elementary School
early yesterday morning. The fire
caused little damage, firemen said.
A small blaze ignited hv an ovcr
heatcd furnace was quickly extin
guished by campus firefighters at
tho Stanford Elementary School
early yesterday morning. The fire
caused little damage, firemen said.
A small blaze ignited hv an ovcr
heatcd furnace was quickly extin
guished by campus firefighters at
tho Stanford Elementary School
early yesterday morning. The fire
caused little damage, firemen said.
A small blaze ignited hv an ovcr
heatcd furnace was quickly extin
guished by campus firefighters at
tho Stanford Elementary School
early yesterday morning. The fire
caused little damage, firemen said.
A small blaze ignited hv an ovcr
heatcd furnace was quickly extin
guished by campus firefighters at
tho Stanford Elementary School
early yesterday morning. The fire
caused little damage, firemen said.
