# Adv. 59 Page 31
## 
### 
r [&v
Love,
Mom & Dad
your performances
with the San Francisco
Symphony's Youth Orchestra
through community league
volleyball and your HS varsity
team you have amazed us.
Caring deeply about your
education and bringing what
you learned to promote social
justice has brought us great
comfort. For this and more we
express our grateful
appreciation and heartfelt
CONGRATULATIONS!
a
ti
r *
s
" r
I
5
C
0
•J
r [&v
Love,
Mom & Dad
your performances
with the San Francisco
Symphony's Youth Orchestra
through community league
volleyball and your HS varsity
team you have amazed us.
Caring deeply about your
education and bringing what
you learned to promote social
justice has brought us great
comfort. For this and more we
express our grateful
appreciation and heartfelt
CONGRATULATIONS!
a
ti
r *
s
" r
I
5
C
0
•J
r [&v
Love,
Mom & Dad
your performances
with the San Francisco
Symphony's Youth Orchestra
through community league
volleyball and your HS varsity
team you have amazed us.
Caring deeply about your
education and bringing what
you learned to promote social
justice has brought us great
comfort. For this and more we
express our grateful
appreciation and heartfelt
CONGRATULATIONS!
a
ti
r *
s
" r
I
5
C
0
•J
r [&v
Love,
Mom & Dad
your performances
with the San Francisco
Symphony's Youth Orchestra
through community league
volleyball and your HS varsity
team you have amazed us.
Caring deeply about your
education and bringing what
you learned to promote social
justice has brought us great
comfort. For this and more we
express our grateful
appreciation and heartfelt
CONGRATULATIONS!
a
ti
r *
s
" r
I
5
C
0
•J
r [&v
Love,
Mom & Dad
your performances
with the San Francisco
Symphony's Youth Orchestra
through community league
volleyball and your HS varsity
team you have amazed us.
Caring deeply about your
education and bringing what
you learned to promote social
justice has brought us great
comfort. For this and more we
express our grateful
appreciation and heartfelt
CONGRATULATIONS!
a
ti
r *
s
" r
I
5
C
0
•J
r [&v
Love,
Mom & Dad
your performances
with the San Francisco
Symphony's Youth Orchestra
through community league
volleyball and your HS varsity
team you have amazed us.
Caring deeply about your
education and bringing what
you learned to promote social
justice has brought us great
comfort. For this and more we
express our grateful
appreciation and heartfelt
CONGRATULATIONS!
a
ti
r *
s
" r
I
5
C
0
•J
