# Literary Society Programs.
## 
### 
The literary society programs for
tomorrow evening are as follows:
PuiLOLEXiAN. — Meeting omitted.
Nestoria. — Impromptu debate,
two members; regular debate, "lie
solved, That the President of the
United States nhould be elected
for a single term of six years
only." Affirmative, Vanderventer
and Philip Swing; negative, Foun
tain and McComish.
Euphuonia.—Set speech, Spencer;
symposium, four members; regular
debate, "lletsolved, That the United
States should adopt a system of
bounties and subsidies for the pro
tection of the American merchant
marine." Affirmative, Hadley and
Hitter; negative, McCormick and
Leistner. Reading of the Eu
phronia history by the historian,
(J. D. McComish.
The literary society programs for
tomorrow evening are as follows:
PuiLOLEXiAN. — Meeting omitted.
Nestoria. — Impromptu debate,
two members; regular debate, "lie
solved, That the President of the
United States nhould be elected
for a single term of six years
only." Affirmative, Vanderventer
and Philip Swing; negative, Foun
tain and McComish.
Euphuonia.—Set speech, Spencer;
symposium, four members; regular
debate, "lletsolved, That the United
States should adopt a system of
bounties and subsidies for the pro
tection of the American merchant
marine." Affirmative, Hadley and
Hitter; negative, McCormick and
Leistner. Reading of the Eu
phronia history by the historian,
(J. D. McComish.
The literary society programs for
tomorrow evening are as follows:
PuiLOLEXiAN. — Meeting omitted.
Nestoria. — Impromptu debate,
two members; regular debate, "lie
solved, That the President of the
United States nhould be elected
for a single term of six years
only." Affirmative, Vanderventer
and Philip Swing; negative, Foun
tain and McComish.
Euphuonia.—Set speech, Spencer;
symposium, four members; regular
debate, "lletsolved, That the United
States should adopt a system of
bounties and subsidies for the pro
tection of the American merchant
marine." Affirmative, Hadley and
Hitter; negative, McCormick and
Leistner. Reading of the Eu
phronia history by the historian,
(J. D. McComish.
The literary society programs for
tomorrow evening are as follows:
PuiLOLEXiAN. — Meeting omitted.
Nestoria. — Impromptu debate,
two members; regular debate, "lie
solved, That the President of the
United States nhould be elected
for a single term of six years
only." Affirmative, Vanderventer
and Philip Swing; negative, Foun
tain and McComish.
Euphuonia.—Set speech, Spencer;
symposium, four members; regular
debate, "lletsolved, That the United
States should adopt a system of
bounties and subsidies for the pro
tection of the American merchant
marine." Affirmative, Hadley and
Hitter; negative, McCormick and
Leistner. Reading of the Eu
phronia history by the historian,
(J. D. McComish.
The literary society programs for
tomorrow evening are as follows:
PuiLOLEXiAN. — Meeting omitted.
Nestoria. — Impromptu debate,
two members; regular debate, "lie
solved, That the President of the
United States nhould be elected
for a single term of six years
only." Affirmative, Vanderventer
and Philip Swing; negative, Foun
tain and McComish.
Euphuonia.—Set speech, Spencer;
symposium, four members; regular
debate, "lletsolved, That the United
States should adopt a system of
bounties and subsidies for the pro
tection of the American merchant
marine." Affirmative, Hadley and
Hitter; negative, McCormick and
Leistner. Reading of the Eu
phronia history by the historian,
(J. D. McComish.
The literary society programs for
tomorrow evening are as follows:
PuiLOLEXiAN. — Meeting omitted.
Nestoria. — Impromptu debate,
two members; regular debate, "lie
solved, That the President of the
United States nhould be elected
for a single term of six years
only." Affirmative, Vanderventer
and Philip Swing; negative, Foun
tain and McComish.
Euphuonia.—Set speech, Spencer;
symposium, four members; regular
debate, "lletsolved, That the United
States should adopt a system of
bounties and subsidies for the pro
tection of the American merchant
marine." Affirmative, Hadley and
Hitter; negative, McCormick and
Leistner. Reading of the Eu
phronia history by the historian,
(J. D. McComish.
The literary society programs for
tomorrow evening are as follows:
PuiLOLEXiAN. — Meeting omitted.
Nestoria. — Impromptu debate,
two members; regular debate, "lie
solved, That the President of the
United States nhould be elected
for a single term of six years
only." Affirmative, Vanderventer
and Philip Swing; negative, Foun
tain and McComish.
Euphuonia.—Set speech, Spencer;
symposium, four members; regular
debate, "lletsolved, That the United
States should adopt a system of
bounties and subsidies for the pro
tection of the American merchant
marine." Affirmative, Hadley and
Hitter; negative, McCormick and
Leistner. Reading of the Eu
phronia history by the historian,
(J. D. McComish.
