# Adv. 11 Page 4
## 
### 
j|j
Optician—the skilled
mechanic who makes
glasses. Optometrist !
—the scientist who i
properly examines
iff] ° y "' |l
j»
j|j
Optician—the skilled
mechanic who makes
glasses. Optometrist !
—the scientist who i
properly examines
iff] ° y "' |l
j»
j|j
Optician—the skilled
mechanic who makes
glasses. Optometrist !
—the scientist who i
properly examines
iff] ° y "' |l
j»
j|j
Optician—the skilled
mechanic who makes
glasses. Optometrist !
—the scientist who i
properly examines
iff] ° y "' |l
j»
j|j
Optician—the skilled
mechanic who makes
glasses. Optometrist !
—the scientist who i
properly examines
iff] ° y "' |l
j»
j|j
Optician—the skilled
mechanic who makes
glasses. Optometrist !
—the scientist who i
properly examines
iff] ° y "' |l
j»
j|j
Optician—the skilled
mechanic who makes
glasses. Optometrist !
—the scientist who i
properly examines
iff] ° y "' |l
j»
j|j
Optician—the skilled
mechanic who makes
glasses. Optometrist !
—the scientist who i
properly examines
iff] ° y "' |l
j»
j|j
Optician—the skilled
mechanic who makes
glasses. Optometrist !
—the scientist who i
properly examines
iff] ° y "' |l
j»
j|j
Optician—the skilled
mechanic who makes
glasses. Optometrist !
—the scientist who i
properly examines
iff] ° y "' |l
j»
j|j
Optician—the skilled
mechanic who makes
glasses. Optometrist !
—the scientist who i
properly examines
iff] ° y "' |l
j»
j|j
Optician—the skilled
mechanic who makes
glasses. Optometrist !
—the scientist who i
properly examines
iff] ° y "' |l
j»
j|j
Optician—the skilled
mechanic who makes
glasses. Optometrist !
—the scientist who i
properly examines
iff] ° y "' |l
j»
j|j
Optician—the skilled
mechanic who makes
glasses. Optometrist !
—the scientist who i
properly examines
iff] ° y "' |l
j»
j|j
Optician—the skilled
mechanic who makes
glasses. Optometrist !
—the scientist who i
properly examines
iff] ° y "' |l
j»
j|j
Optician—the skilled
mechanic who makes
glasses. Optometrist !
—the scientist who i
properly examines
iff] ° y "' |l
j»
