# Toy on Sponsors All-University Dance Friday
## 
### 
The Benjamin Franklin Hotel or
chestra, which features Jim Glidden
and his associates, will provide music
for the all-University sport dance to
be given at Toyon Hall from nine to
one o'clock Friday night. Glidden's
organization contains several Stanford
men who have played with some of the
leading Stanford groups during sev
eral years. It is regarded as one of
the best on the peninsula.
With only three days left before
the dance, Manager Roy Mitchell ad
vised that bids for the "one-o'clock"
will be on sale for the last times to
morrow and Thursday at the A.S.S.U.
office in the Union and at 140 Toyon.
The sport motif of the dance will be
emphasized in the decorations. Effects
from colored and toned lighting will
be used throughout the evening. Nu
merous trees and flowers arranged in
the hall are intended to give the im
pression of the tropics or of a garden
patio.
