# Sixty-Four Tennis Men In University Tournament
## 
### 
The schedule for the all-University
tennis tournament has been drawn up
and will be posted this afternoon on
the bulletin board of the Encina Gym
nasium.
Forty-eight men are entered in the
singles, and sixteen in the doubles.
Among these are C. L. Holbrook of the
University of Washington team, J.
Coglin and J. Bradshaw, winners of
several peninsula tournaments, and
Hall Fleming and Bill Reed of Stan
ford University.
The schedule for the all-University
tennis tournament has been drawn up
and will be posted this afternoon on
the bulletin board of the Encina Gym
nasium.
Forty-eight men are entered in the
singles, and sixteen in the doubles.
Among these are C. L. Holbrook of the
University of Washington team, J.
Coglin and J. Bradshaw, winners of
several peninsula tournaments, and
Hall Fleming and Bill Reed of Stan
ford University.
The schedule for the all-University
tennis tournament has been drawn up
and will be posted this afternoon on
the bulletin board of the Encina Gym
nasium.
Forty-eight men are entered in the
singles, and sixteen in the doubles.
Among these are C. L. Holbrook of the
University of Washington team, J.
Coglin and J. Bradshaw, winners of
several peninsula tournaments, and
Hall Fleming and Bill Reed of Stan
ford University.
The schedule for the all-University
tennis tournament has been drawn up
and will be posted this afternoon on
the bulletin board of the Encina Gym
nasium.
Forty-eight men are entered in the
singles, and sixteen in the doubles.
Among these are C. L. Holbrook of the
University of Washington team, J.
Coglin and J. Bradshaw, winners of
several peninsula tournaments, and
Hall Fleming and Bill Reed of Stan
ford University.
The schedule for the all-University
tennis tournament has been drawn up
and will be posted this afternoon on
the bulletin board of the Encina Gym
nasium.
Forty-eight men are entered in the
singles, and sixteen in the doubles.
Among these are C. L. Holbrook of the
University of Washington team, J.
Coglin and J. Bradshaw, winners of
several peninsula tournaments, and
Hall Fleming and Bill Reed of Stan
ford University.
The schedule for the all-University
tennis tournament has been drawn up
and will be posted this afternoon on
the bulletin board of the Encina Gym
nasium.
Forty-eight men are entered in the
singles, and sixteen in the doubles.
Among these are C. L. Holbrook of the
University of Washington team, J.
Coglin and J. Bradshaw, winners of
several peninsula tournaments, and
Hall Fleming and Bill Reed of Stan
ford University.
The schedule for the all-University
tennis tournament has been drawn up
and will be posted this afternoon on
the bulletin board of the Encina Gym
nasium.
Forty-eight men are entered in the
singles, and sixteen in the doubles.
Among these are C. L. Holbrook of the
University of Washington team, J.
Coglin and J. Bradshaw, winners of
several peninsula tournaments, and
Hall Fleming and Bill Reed of Stan
ford University.
The schedule for the all-University
tennis tournament has been drawn up
and will be posted this afternoon on
the bulletin board of the Encina Gym
nasium.
Forty-eight men are entered in the
singles, and sixteen in the doubles.
Among these are C. L. Holbrook of the
University of Washington team, J.
Coglin and J. Bradshaw, winners of
several peninsula tournaments, and
Hall Fleming and Bill Reed of Stan
ford University.
The schedule for the all-University
tennis tournament has been drawn up
and will be posted this afternoon on
the bulletin board of the Encina Gym
nasium.
Forty-eight men are entered in the
singles, and sixteen in the doubles.
Among these are C. L. Holbrook of the
University of Washington team, J.
Coglin and J. Bradshaw, winners of
several peninsula tournaments, and
Hall Fleming and Bill Reed of Stan
ford University.
The schedule for the all-University
tennis tournament has been drawn up
and will be posted this afternoon on
the bulletin board of the Encina Gym
nasium.
Forty-eight men are entered in the
singles, and sixteen in the doubles.
Among these are C. L. Holbrook of the
University of Washington team, J.
Coglin and J. Bradshaw, winners of
several peninsula tournaments, and
Hall Fleming and Bill Reed of Stan
ford University.
The schedule for the all-University
tennis tournament has been drawn up
and will be posted this afternoon on
the bulletin board of the Encina Gym
nasium.
Forty-eight men are entered in the
singles, and sixteen in the doubles.
Among these are C. L. Holbrook of the
University of Washington team, J.
Coglin and J. Bradshaw, winners of
several peninsula tournaments, and
Hall Fleming and Bill Reed of Stan
ford University.
The schedule for the all-University
tennis tournament has been drawn up
and will be posted this afternoon on
the bulletin board of the Encina Gym
nasium.
Forty-eight men are entered in the
singles, and sixteen in the doubles.
Among these are C. L. Holbrook of the
University of Washington team, J.
Coglin and J. Bradshaw, winners of
several peninsula tournaments, and
Hall Fleming and Bill Reed of Stan
ford University.
The schedule for the all-University
tennis tournament has been drawn up
and will be posted this afternoon on
the bulletin board of the Encina Gym
nasium.
Forty-eight men are entered in the
singles, and sixteen in the doubles.
Among these are C. L. Holbrook of the
University of Washington team, J.
Coglin and J. Bradshaw, winners of
several peninsula tournaments, and
Hall Fleming and Bill Reed of Stan
ford University.
The schedule for the all-University
tennis tournament has been drawn up
and will be posted this afternoon on
the bulletin board of the Encina Gym
nasium.
Forty-eight men are entered in the
singles, and sixteen in the doubles.
Among these are C. L. Holbrook of the
University of Washington team, J.
Coglin and J. Bradshaw, winners of
several peninsula tournaments, and
Hall Fleming and Bill Reed of Stan
ford University.
The schedule for the all-University
tennis tournament has been drawn up
and will be posted this afternoon on
the bulletin board of the Encina Gym
nasium.
Forty-eight men are entered in the
singles, and sixteen in the doubles.
Among these are C. L. Holbrook of the
University of Washington team, J.
Coglin and J. Bradshaw, winners of
several peninsula tournaments, and
Hall Fleming and Bill Reed of Stan
ford University.
The schedule for the all-University
tennis tournament has been drawn up
and will be posted this afternoon on
the bulletin board of the Encina Gym
nasium.
Forty-eight men are entered in the
singles, and sixteen in the doubles.
Among these are C. L. Holbrook of the
University of Washington team, J.
Coglin and J. Bradshaw, winners of
several peninsula tournaments, and
Hall Fleming and Bill Reed of Stan
ford University.
