# MOVE MADE TO GIVE STANFORD ACCESS TO HETCH-HETCHY WATER
## 
### 
Steps toward the procuring of water
for Stanford and vicinity from the
Hetch-Hetchy project may be initi
ated within the next few months. Hor
ace Amphlett, chairman of the San
Mateo water survey committee is the
authority for this belief.
A former report of the committee
stated that the water situation in San
Mateo county and the northern por
tions of Santa Clara county was be
coming desperate with possibilities of
impending water famine. But after
further investigation the committee
reported that the San Francisco
HetclvHetchy Dam would adequately
supply the needs of this region for
some time to come. The survey com
mittee further recommended that a
water district be organized in order
to negotiate with the Hetch-Hetchy
Company.
