# Trips to Mexico Offered by Rael
## 
### 
Two 30-day educational tours of
Mexico for students and teachers
will be conducted by Professor Juan
B. Rael of the Romanic languages
department this summer. The ten
tative dates for the two tours arc
June 29 to July 28, and Aug. 17 to
Sept.. 15.
Professor Rael states that the itin
erary will include Guadalajara,
Mexico City, Pucbla, Tehuacan,
Cordoba, the volcano, Morelia,
Cuernavaca, Taxco, and Acapulco.
Students wishing further infor
mation about the tour may obtain
it from Professor Rael in room 241
of the Romanic languages depart
ment. His office hours are MWF
10 to 11 a.m. and MTWThF 2 to 3:30
p.m. He may be reached by tele
phone at PA 4081.
