# ’NSA News' Covers Globe
## 
### 
Co-ordination of the activities of
25 NSA regional organizations is ac
complished through the pages of the
NSA News, published at Madison,
Wis., under the editorial direction of
the national NSA officers.
Divided into domestic and inter
national student news, the official
publication ranges in topics from a
survey of the University of Califor
nia's weekly coffee hours to NSA's
program as a member of the United
Nations Educational, Scientific and
Cultural Organization.
Announcement is made of seven
British universities which will open
their doors to American summer
school students this year. Graduates
and upper division students with
special training or aptitude will be
eligible for admission.
SCHOOL OPENINGS
According to the British embassy
in Washington, the following uni
versities will be open: University of
Birmingham (July 3-Aug. 13); Uni
versity of Leeds (July 12-Aug. 20);
University of London (July 10-Aug.
20); University of Nottingham (July
10-Aug. 20); University of Oxford
(July 2-Aug. 13); University College
of Southampton (July 17-Aug. 20);
University of St. Andrews (July 10-
Aug. 21).
NSA's consideration of college un
ions is discussed by the News. The
convention has endorsed a national
student "Culturale" which would
bring together the best examples of
student activity in the art, music
and dramatic fields from all univers
ities.
Canada's NSA counterpart— the
National Federation of Canadian
University Students- was described
for the News by means of an inter
view with its president, Maurice
Sauve.
One of the major accomplishments
of the Canadian student organization
has been a reduction in fare for
student travel.
Told that such a project is con
templated by NSA leaders, Sauve
pointed out that it had tak6n six
years to arrange the fare reduction
plan in Canada, "and our railroads
are nationalized," he said.
Additional articles include praise
from Charles Luckman, former
chairman of the Citizens Food Com
mittee, for NSA's support of the na
tional food conservation program,
and a discussion of the poor impres
sion Europeans have of the Ameri
can students' brand of democracy.
Co-ordination of the activities of
25 NSA regional organizations is ac
complished through the pages of the
NSA News, published at Madison,
Wis., under the editorial direction of
the national NSA officers.
Divided into domestic and inter
national student news, the official
publication ranges in topics from a
survey of the University of Califor
nia's weekly coffee hours to NSA's
program as a member of the United
Nations Educational, Scientific and
Cultural Organization.
Announcement is made of seven
British universities which will open
their doors to American summer
school students this year. Graduates
and upper division students with
special training or aptitude will be
eligible for admission.
SCHOOL OPENINGS
According to the British embassy
in Washington, the following uni
versities will be open: University of
Birmingham (July 3-Aug. 13); Uni
versity of Leeds (July 12-Aug. 20);
University of London (July 10-Aug.
20); University of Nottingham (July
10-Aug. 20); University of Oxford
(July 2-Aug. 13); University College
of Southampton (July 17-Aug. 20);
University of St. Andrews (July 10-
Aug. 21).
NSA's consideration of college un
ions is discussed by the News. The
convention has endorsed a national
student "Culturale" which would
bring together the best examples of
student activity in the art, music
and dramatic fields from all univers
ities.
Canada's NSA counterpart— the
National Federation of Canadian
University Students- was described
for the News by means of an inter
view with its president, Maurice
Sauve.
One of the major accomplishments
of the Canadian student organization
has been a reduction in fare for
student travel.
Told that such a project is con
templated by NSA leaders, Sauve
pointed out that it had tak6n six
years to arrange the fare reduction
plan in Canada, "and our railroads
are nationalized," he said.
Additional articles include praise
from Charles Luckman, former
chairman of the Citizens Food Com
mittee, for NSA's support of the na
tional food conservation program,
and a discussion of the poor impres
sion Europeans have of the Ameri
can students' brand of democracy.
Co-ordination of the activities of
25 NSA regional organizations is ac
complished through the pages of the
NSA News, published at Madison,
Wis., under the editorial direction of
the national NSA officers.
Divided into domestic and inter
national student news, the official
publication ranges in topics from a
survey of the University of Califor
nia's weekly coffee hours to NSA's
program as a member of the United
Nations Educational, Scientific and
Cultural Organization.
Announcement is made of seven
British universities which will open
their doors to American summer
school students this year. Graduates
and upper division students with
special training or aptitude will be
eligible for admission.
SCHOOL OPENINGS
According to the British embassy
in Washington, the following uni
versities will be open: University of
Birmingham (July 3-Aug. 13); Uni
versity of Leeds (July 12-Aug. 20);
University of London (July 10-Aug.
20); University of Nottingham (July
10-Aug. 20); University of Oxford
(July 2-Aug. 13); University College
of Southampton (July 17-Aug. 20);
University of St. Andrews (July 10-
Aug. 21).
NSA's consideration of college un
ions is discussed by the News. The
convention has endorsed a national
student "Culturale" which would
bring together the best examples of
student activity in the art, music
and dramatic fields from all univers
ities.
Canada's NSA counterpart— the
National Federation of Canadian
University Students- was described
for the News by means of an inter
view with its president, Maurice
Sauve.
One of the major accomplishments
of the Canadian student organization
has been a reduction in fare for
student travel.
Told that such a project is con
templated by NSA leaders, Sauve
pointed out that it had tak6n six
years to arrange the fare reduction
plan in Canada, "and our railroads
are nationalized," he said.
Additional articles include praise
from Charles Luckman, former
chairman of the Citizens Food Com
mittee, for NSA's support of the na
tional food conservation program,
and a discussion of the poor impres
sion Europeans have of the Ameri
can students' brand of democracy.
Co-ordination of the activities of
25 NSA regional organizations is ac
complished through the pages of the
NSA News, published at Madison,
Wis., under the editorial direction of
the national NSA officers.
Divided into domestic and inter
national student news, the official
publication ranges in topics from a
survey of the University of Califor
nia's weekly coffee hours to NSA's
program as a member of the United
Nations Educational, Scientific and
Cultural Organization.
Announcement is made of seven
British universities which will open
their doors to American summer
school students this year. Graduates
and upper division students with
special training or aptitude will be
eligible for admission.
SCHOOL OPENINGS
According to the British embassy
in Washington, the following uni
versities will be open: University of
Birmingham (July 3-Aug. 13); Uni
versity of Leeds (July 12-Aug. 20);
University of London (July 10-Aug.
20); University of Nottingham (July
10-Aug. 20); University of Oxford
(July 2-Aug. 13); University College
of Southampton (July 17-Aug. 20);
University of St. Andrews (July 10-
Aug. 21).
NSA's consideration of college un
ions is discussed by the News. The
convention has endorsed a national
student "Culturale" which would
bring together the best examples of
student activity in the art, music
and dramatic fields from all univers
ities.
Canada's NSA counterpart— the
National Federation of Canadian
University Students- was described
for the News by means of an inter
view with its president, Maurice
Sauve.
One of the major accomplishments
of the Canadian student organization
has been a reduction in fare for
student travel.
Told that such a project is con
templated by NSA leaders, Sauve
pointed out that it had tak6n six
years to arrange the fare reduction
plan in Canada, "and our railroads
are nationalized," he said.
Additional articles include praise
from Charles Luckman, former
chairman of the Citizens Food Com
mittee, for NSA's support of the na
tional food conservation program,
and a discussion of the poor impres
sion Europeans have of the Ameri
can students' brand of democracy.
Co-ordination of the activities of
25 NSA regional organizations is ac
complished through the pages of the
NSA News, published at Madison,
Wis., under the editorial direction of
the national NSA officers.
Divided into domestic and inter
national student news, the official
publication ranges in topics from a
survey of the University of Califor
nia's weekly coffee hours to NSA's
program as a member of the United
Nations Educational, Scientific and
Cultural Organization.
Announcement is made of seven
British universities which will open
their doors to American summer
school students this year. Graduates
and upper division students with
special training or aptitude will be
eligible for admission.
SCHOOL OPENINGS
According to the British embassy
in Washington, the following uni
versities will be open: University of
Birmingham (July 3-Aug. 13); Uni
versity of Leeds (July 12-Aug. 20);
University of London (July 10-Aug.
20); University of Nottingham (July
10-Aug. 20); University of Oxford
(July 2-Aug. 13); University College
of Southampton (July 17-Aug. 20);
University of St. Andrews (July 10-
Aug. 21).
NSA's consideration of college un
ions is discussed by the News. The
convention has endorsed a national
student "Culturale" which would
bring together the best examples of
student activity in the art, music
and dramatic fields from all univers
ities.
Canada's NSA counterpart— the
National Federation of Canadian
University Students- was described
for the News by means of an inter
view with its president, Maurice
Sauve.
One of the major accomplishments
of the Canadian student organization
has been a reduction in fare for
student travel.
Told that such a project is con
templated by NSA leaders, Sauve
pointed out that it had tak6n six
years to arrange the fare reduction
plan in Canada, "and our railroads
are nationalized," he said.
Additional articles include praise
from Charles Luckman, former
chairman of the Citizens Food Com
mittee, for NSA's support of the na
tional food conservation program,
and a discussion of the poor impres
sion Europeans have of the Ameri
can students' brand of democracy.
Co-ordination of the activities of
25 NSA regional organizations is ac
complished through the pages of the
NSA News, published at Madison,
Wis., under the editorial direction of
the national NSA officers.
Divided into domestic and inter
national student news, the official
publication ranges in topics from a
survey of the University of Califor
nia's weekly coffee hours to NSA's
program as a member of the United
Nations Educational, Scientific and
Cultural Organization.
Announcement is made of seven
British universities which will open
their doors to American summer
school students this year. Graduates
and upper division students with
special training or aptitude will be
eligible for admission.
SCHOOL OPENINGS
According to the British embassy
in Washington, the following uni
versities will be open: University of
Birmingham (July 3-Aug. 13); Uni
versity of Leeds (July 12-Aug. 20);
University of London (July 10-Aug.
20); University of Nottingham (July
10-Aug. 20); University of Oxford
(July 2-Aug. 13); University College
of Southampton (July 17-Aug. 20);
University of St. Andrews (July 10-
Aug. 21).
NSA's consideration of college un
ions is discussed by the News. The
convention has endorsed a national
student "Culturale" which would
bring together the best examples of
student activity in the art, music
and dramatic fields from all univers
ities.
Canada's NSA counterpart— the
National Federation of Canadian
University Students- was described
for the News by means of an inter
view with its president, Maurice
Sauve.
One of the major accomplishments
of the Canadian student organization
has been a reduction in fare for
student travel.
Told that such a project is con
templated by NSA leaders, Sauve
pointed out that it had tak6n six
years to arrange the fare reduction
plan in Canada, "and our railroads
are nationalized," he said.
Additional articles include praise
from Charles Luckman, former
chairman of the Citizens Food Com
mittee, for NSA's support of the na
tional food conservation program,
and a discussion of the poor impres
sion Europeans have of the Ameri
can students' brand of democracy.
Co-ordination of the activities of
25 NSA regional organizations is ac
complished through the pages of the
NSA News, published at Madison,
Wis., under the editorial direction of
the national NSA officers.
Divided into domestic and inter
national student news, the official
publication ranges in topics from a
survey of the University of Califor
nia's weekly coffee hours to NSA's
program as a member of the United
Nations Educational, Scientific and
Cultural Organization.
Announcement is made of seven
British universities which will open
their doors to American summer
school students this year. Graduates
and upper division students with
special training or aptitude will be
eligible for admission.
SCHOOL OPENINGS
According to the British embassy
in Washington, the following uni
versities will be open: University of
Birmingham (July 3-Aug. 13); Uni
versity of Leeds (July 12-Aug. 20);
University of London (July 10-Aug.
20); University of Nottingham (July
10-Aug. 20); University of Oxford
(July 2-Aug. 13); University College
of Southampton (July 17-Aug. 20);
University of St. Andrews (July 10-
Aug. 21).
NSA's consideration of college un
ions is discussed by the News. The
convention has endorsed a national
student "Culturale" which would
bring together the best examples of
student activity in the art, music
and dramatic fields from all univers
ities.
Canada's NSA counterpart— the
National Federation of Canadian
University Students- was described
for the News by means of an inter
view with its president, Maurice
Sauve.
One of the major accomplishments
of the Canadian student organization
has been a reduction in fare for
student travel.
Told that such a project is con
templated by NSA leaders, Sauve
pointed out that it had tak6n six
years to arrange the fare reduction
plan in Canada, "and our railroads
are nationalized," he said.
Additional articles include praise
from Charles Luckman, former
chairman of the Citizens Food Com
mittee, for NSA's support of the na
tional food conservation program,
and a discussion of the poor impres
sion Europeans have of the Ameri
can students' brand of democracy.
Co-ordination of the activities of
25 NSA regional organizations is ac
complished through the pages of the
NSA News, published at Madison,
Wis., under the editorial direction of
the national NSA officers.
Divided into domestic and inter
national student news, the official
publication ranges in topics from a
survey of the University of Califor
nia's weekly coffee hours to NSA's
program as a member of the United
Nations Educational, Scientific and
Cultural Organization.
Announcement is made of seven
British universities which will open
their doors to American summer
school students this year. Graduates
and upper division students with
special training or aptitude will be
eligible for admission.
SCHOOL OPENINGS
According to the British embassy
in Washington, the following uni
versities will be open: University of
Birmingham (July 3-Aug. 13); Uni
versity of Leeds (July 12-Aug. 20);
University of London (July 10-Aug.
20); University of Nottingham (July
10-Aug. 20); University of Oxford
(July 2-Aug. 13); University College
of Southampton (July 17-Aug. 20);
University of St. Andrews (July 10-
Aug. 21).
NSA's consideration of college un
ions is discussed by the News. The
convention has endorsed a national
student "Culturale" which would
bring together the best examples of
student activity in the art, music
and dramatic fields from all univers
ities.
Canada's NSA counterpart— the
National Federation of Canadian
University Students- was described
for the News by means of an inter
view with its president, Maurice
Sauve.
One of the major accomplishments
of the Canadian student organization
has been a reduction in fare for
student travel.
Told that such a project is con
templated by NSA leaders, Sauve
pointed out that it had tak6n six
years to arrange the fare reduction
plan in Canada, "and our railroads
are nationalized," he said.
Additional articles include praise
from Charles Luckman, former
chairman of the Citizens Food Com
mittee, for NSA's support of the na
tional food conservation program,
and a discussion of the poor impres
sion Europeans have of the Ameri
can students' brand of democracy.
Co-ordination of the activities of
25 NSA regional organizations is ac
complished through the pages of the
NSA News, published at Madison,
Wis., under the editorial direction of
the national NSA officers.
Divided into domestic and inter
national student news, the official
publication ranges in topics from a
survey of the University of Califor
nia's weekly coffee hours to NSA's
program as a member of the United
Nations Educational, Scientific and
Cultural Organization.
Announcement is made of seven
British universities which will open
their doors to American summer
school students this year. Graduates
and upper division students with
special training or aptitude will be
eligible for admission.
SCHOOL OPENINGS
According to the British embassy
in Washington, the following uni
versities will be open: University of
Birmingham (July 3-Aug. 13); Uni
versity of Leeds (July 12-Aug. 20);
University of London (July 10-Aug.
20); University of Nottingham (July
10-Aug. 20); University of Oxford
(July 2-Aug. 13); University College
of Southampton (July 17-Aug. 20);
University of St. Andrews (July 10-
Aug. 21).
NSA's consideration of college un
ions is discussed by the News. The
convention has endorsed a national
student "Culturale" which would
bring together the best examples of
student activity in the art, music
and dramatic fields from all univers
ities.
Canada's NSA counterpart— the
National Federation of Canadian
University Students- was described
for the News by means of an inter
view with its president, Maurice
Sauve.
One of the major accomplishments
of the Canadian student organization
has been a reduction in fare for
student travel.
Told that such a project is con
templated by NSA leaders, Sauve
pointed out that it had tak6n six
years to arrange the fare reduction
plan in Canada, "and our railroads
are nationalized," he said.
Additional articles include praise
from Charles Luckman, former
chairman of the Citizens Food Com
mittee, for NSA's support of the na
tional food conservation program,
and a discussion of the poor impres
sion Europeans have of the Ameri
can students' brand of democracy.
Co-ordination of the activities of
25 NSA regional organizations is ac
complished through the pages of the
NSA News, published at Madison,
Wis., under the editorial direction of
the national NSA officers.
Divided into domestic and inter
national student news, the official
publication ranges in topics from a
survey of the University of Califor
nia's weekly coffee hours to NSA's
program as a member of the United
Nations Educational, Scientific and
Cultural Organization.
Announcement is made of seven
British universities which will open
their doors to American summer
school students this year. Graduates
and upper division students with
special training or aptitude will be
eligible for admission.
SCHOOL OPENINGS
According to the British embassy
in Washington, the following uni
versities will be open: University of
Birmingham (July 3-Aug. 13); Uni
versity of Leeds (July 12-Aug. 20);
University of London (July 10-Aug.
20); University of Nottingham (July
10-Aug. 20); University of Oxford
(July 2-Aug. 13); University College
of Southampton (July 17-Aug. 20);
University of St. Andrews (July 10-
Aug. 21).
NSA's consideration of college un
ions is discussed by the News. The
convention has endorsed a national
student "Culturale" which would
bring together the best examples of
student activity in the art, music
and dramatic fields from all univers
ities.
Canada's NSA counterpart— the
National Federation of Canadian
University Students- was described
for the News by means of an inter
view with its president, Maurice
Sauve.
One of the major accomplishments
of the Canadian student organization
has been a reduction in fare for
student travel.
Told that such a project is con
templated by NSA leaders, Sauve
pointed out that it had tak6n six
years to arrange the fare reduction
plan in Canada, "and our railroads
are nationalized," he said.
Additional articles include praise
from Charles Luckman, former
chairman of the Citizens Food Com
mittee, for NSA's support of the na
tional food conservation program,
and a discussion of the poor impres
sion Europeans have of the Ameri
can students' brand of democracy.
Co-ordination of the activities of
25 NSA regional organizations is ac
complished through the pages of the
NSA News, published at Madison,
Wis., under the editorial direction of
the national NSA officers.
Divided into domestic and inter
national student news, the official
publication ranges in topics from a
survey of the University of Califor
nia's weekly coffee hours to NSA's
program as a member of the United
Nations Educational, Scientific and
Cultural Organization.
Announcement is made of seven
British universities which will open
their doors to American summer
school students this year. Graduates
and upper division students with
special training or aptitude will be
eligible for admission.
SCHOOL OPENINGS
According to the British embassy
in Washington, the following uni
versities will be open: University of
Birmingham (July 3-Aug. 13); Uni
versity of Leeds (July 12-Aug. 20);
University of London (July 10-Aug.
20); University of Nottingham (July
10-Aug. 20); University of Oxford
(July 2-Aug. 13); University College
of Southampton (July 17-Aug. 20);
University of St. Andrews (July 10-
Aug. 21).
NSA's consideration of college un
ions is discussed by the News. The
convention has endorsed a national
student "Culturale" which would
bring together the best examples of
student activity in the art, music
and dramatic fields from all univers
ities.
Canada's NSA counterpart— the
National Federation of Canadian
University Students- was described
for the News by means of an inter
view with its president, Maurice
Sauve.
One of the major accomplishments
of the Canadian student organization
has been a reduction in fare for
student travel.
Told that such a project is con
templated by NSA leaders, Sauve
pointed out that it had tak6n six
years to arrange the fare reduction
plan in Canada, "and our railroads
are nationalized," he said.
Additional articles include praise
from Charles Luckman, former
chairman of the Citizens Food Com
mittee, for NSA's support of the na
tional food conservation program,
and a discussion of the poor impres
sion Europeans have of the Ameri
can students' brand of democracy.
Co-ordination of the activities of
25 NSA regional organizations is ac
complished through the pages of the
NSA News, published at Madison,
Wis., under the editorial direction of
the national NSA officers.
Divided into domestic and inter
national student news, the official
publication ranges in topics from a
survey of the University of Califor
nia's weekly coffee hours to NSA's
program as a member of the United
Nations Educational, Scientific and
Cultural Organization.
Announcement is made of seven
British universities which will open
their doors to American summer
school students this year. Graduates
and upper division students with
special training or aptitude will be
eligible for admission.
SCHOOL OPENINGS
According to the British embassy
in Washington, the following uni
versities will be open: University of
Birmingham (July 3-Aug. 13); Uni
versity of Leeds (July 12-Aug. 20);
University of London (July 10-Aug.
20); University of Nottingham (July
10-Aug. 20); University of Oxford
(July 2-Aug. 13); University College
of Southampton (July 17-Aug. 20);
University of St. Andrews (July 10-
Aug. 21).
NSA's consideration of college un
ions is discussed by the News. The
convention has endorsed a national
student "Culturale" which would
bring together the best examples of
student activity in the art, music
and dramatic fields from all univers
ities.
Canada's NSA counterpart— the
National Federation of Canadian
University Students- was described
for the News by means of an inter
view with its president, Maurice
Sauve.
One of the major accomplishments
of the Canadian student organization
has been a reduction in fare for
student travel.
Told that such a project is con
templated by NSA leaders, Sauve
pointed out that it had tak6n six
years to arrange the fare reduction
plan in Canada, "and our railroads
are nationalized," he said.
Additional articles include praise
from Charles Luckman, former
chairman of the Citizens Food Com
mittee, for NSA's support of the na
tional food conservation program,
and a discussion of the poor impres
sion Europeans have of the Ameri
can students' brand of democracy.
Co-ordination of the activities of
25 NSA regional organizations is ac
complished through the pages of the
NSA News, published at Madison,
Wis., under the editorial direction of
the national NSA officers.
Divided into domestic and inter
national student news, the official
publication ranges in topics from a
survey of the University of Califor
nia's weekly coffee hours to NSA's
program as a member of the United
Nations Educational, Scientific and
Cultural Organization.
Announcement is made of seven
British universities which will open
their doors to American summer
school students this year. Graduates
and upper division students with
special training or aptitude will be
eligible for admission.
SCHOOL OPENINGS
According to the British embassy
in Washington, the following uni
versities will be open: University of
Birmingham (July 3-Aug. 13); Uni
versity of Leeds (July 12-Aug. 20);
University of London (July 10-Aug.
20); University of Nottingham (July
10-Aug. 20); University of Oxford
(July 2-Aug. 13); University College
of Southampton (July 17-Aug. 20);
University of St. Andrews (July 10-
Aug. 21).
NSA's consideration of college un
ions is discussed by the News. The
convention has endorsed a national
student "Culturale" which would
bring together the best examples of
student activity in the art, music
and dramatic fields from all univers
ities.
Canada's NSA counterpart— the
National Federation of Canadian
University Students- was described
for the News by means of an inter
view with its president, Maurice
Sauve.
One of the major accomplishments
of the Canadian student organization
has been a reduction in fare for
student travel.
Told that such a project is con
templated by NSA leaders, Sauve
pointed out that it had tak6n six
years to arrange the fare reduction
plan in Canada, "and our railroads
are nationalized," he said.
Additional articles include praise
from Charles Luckman, former
chairman of the Citizens Food Com
mittee, for NSA's support of the na
tional food conservation program,
and a discussion of the poor impres
sion Europeans have of the Ameri
can students' brand of democracy.
Co-ordination of the activities of
25 NSA regional organizations is ac
complished through the pages of the
NSA News, published at Madison,
Wis., under the editorial direction of
the national NSA officers.
Divided into domestic and inter
national student news, the official
publication ranges in topics from a
survey of the University of Califor
nia's weekly coffee hours to NSA's
program as a member of the United
Nations Educational, Scientific and
Cultural Organization.
Announcement is made of seven
British universities which will open
their doors to American summer
school students this year. Graduates
and upper division students with
special training or aptitude will be
eligible for admission.
SCHOOL OPENINGS
According to the British embassy
in Washington, the following uni
versities will be open: University of
Birmingham (July 3-Aug. 13); Uni
versity of Leeds (July 12-Aug. 20);
University of London (July 10-Aug.
20); University of Nottingham (July
10-Aug. 20); University of Oxford
(July 2-Aug. 13); University College
of Southampton (July 17-Aug. 20);
University of St. Andrews (July 10-
Aug. 21).
NSA's consideration of college un
ions is discussed by the News. The
convention has endorsed a national
student "Culturale" which would
bring together the best examples of
student activity in the art, music
and dramatic fields from all univers
ities.
Canada's NSA counterpart— the
National Federation of Canadian
University Students- was described
for the News by means of an inter
view with its president, Maurice
Sauve.
One of the major accomplishments
of the Canadian student organization
has been a reduction in fare for
student travel.
Told that such a project is con
templated by NSA leaders, Sauve
pointed out that it had tak6n six
years to arrange the fare reduction
plan in Canada, "and our railroads
are nationalized," he said.
Additional articles include praise
from Charles Luckman, former
chairman of the Citizens Food Com
mittee, for NSA's support of the na
tional food conservation program,
and a discussion of the poor impres
sion Europeans have of the Ameri
can students' brand of democracy.
Co-ordination of the activities of
25 NSA regional organizations is ac
complished through the pages of the
NSA News, published at Madison,
Wis., under the editorial direction of
the national NSA officers.
Divided into domestic and inter
national student news, the official
publication ranges in topics from a
survey of the University of Califor
nia's weekly coffee hours to NSA's
program as a member of the United
Nations Educational, Scientific and
Cultural Organization.
Announcement is made of seven
British universities which will open
their doors to American summer
school students this year. Graduates
and upper division students with
special training or aptitude will be
eligible for admission.
SCHOOL OPENINGS
According to the British embassy
in Washington, the following uni
versities will be open: University of
Birmingham (July 3-Aug. 13); Uni
versity of Leeds (July 12-Aug. 20);
University of London (July 10-Aug.
20); University of Nottingham (July
10-Aug. 20); University of Oxford
(July 2-Aug. 13); University College
of Southampton (July 17-Aug. 20);
University of St. Andrews (July 10-
Aug. 21).
NSA's consideration of college un
ions is discussed by the News. The
convention has endorsed a national
student "Culturale" which would
bring together the best examples of
student activity in the art, music
and dramatic fields from all univers
ities.
Canada's NSA counterpart— the
National Federation of Canadian
University Students- was described
for the News by means of an inter
view with its president, Maurice
Sauve.
One of the major accomplishments
of the Canadian student organization
has been a reduction in fare for
student travel.
Told that such a project is con
templated by NSA leaders, Sauve
pointed out that it had tak6n six
years to arrange the fare reduction
plan in Canada, "and our railroads
are nationalized," he said.
Additional articles include praise
from Charles Luckman, former
chairman of the Citizens Food Com
mittee, for NSA's support of the na
tional food conservation program,
and a discussion of the poor impres
sion Europeans have of the Ameri
can students' brand of democracy.
