# THETA XI SCHOLARSHIP
## 
### 
The Committee on Scholarship
announced a mistake in the schol
arship average of the Theta Xi fra
tenity for the year 1046-47. The
fraternity's average is 2.41 rather
than 2.24.
The Committee on Scholarship
announced a mistake in the schol
arship average of the Theta Xi fra
tenity for the year 1046-47. The
fraternity's average is 2.41 rather
than 2.24.
The Committee on Scholarship
announced a mistake in the schol
arship average of the Theta Xi fra
tenity for the year 1046-47. The
fraternity's average is 2.41 rather
than 2.24.
The Committee on Scholarship
announced a mistake in the schol
arship average of the Theta Xi fra
tenity for the year 1046-47. The
fraternity's average is 2.41 rather
than 2.24.
The Committee on Scholarship
announced a mistake in the schol
arship average of the Theta Xi fra
tenity for the year 1046-47. The
fraternity's average is 2.41 rather
than 2.24.
The Committee on Scholarship
announced a mistake in the schol
arship average of the Theta Xi fra
tenity for the year 1046-47. The
fraternity's average is 2.41 rather
than 2.24.
The Committee on Scholarship
announced a mistake in the schol
arship average of the Theta Xi fra
tenity for the year 1046-47. The
fraternity's average is 2.41 rather
than 2.24.
The Committee on Scholarship
announced a mistake in the schol
arship average of the Theta Xi fra
tenity for the year 1046-47. The
fraternity's average is 2.41 rather
than 2.24.
The Committee on Scholarship
announced a mistake in the schol
arship average of the Theta Xi fra
tenity for the year 1046-47. The
fraternity's average is 2.41 rather
than 2.24.
The Committee on Scholarship
announced a mistake in the schol
arship average of the Theta Xi fra
tenity for the year 1046-47. The
fraternity's average is 2.41 rather
than 2.24.
The Committee on Scholarship
announced a mistake in the schol
arship average of the Theta Xi fra
tenity for the year 1046-47. The
fraternity's average is 2.41 rather
than 2.24.
The Committee on Scholarship
announced a mistake in the schol
arship average of the Theta Xi fra
tenity for the year 1046-47. The
fraternity's average is 2.41 rather
than 2.24.
The Committee on Scholarship
announced a mistake in the schol
arship average of the Theta Xi fra
tenity for the year 1046-47. The
fraternity's average is 2.41 rather
than 2.24.
The Committee on Scholarship
announced a mistake in the schol
arship average of the Theta Xi fra
tenity for the year 1046-47. The
fraternity's average is 2.41 rather
than 2.24.
The Committee on Scholarship
announced a mistake in the schol
arship average of the Theta Xi fra
tenity for the year 1046-47. The
fraternity's average is 2.41 rather
than 2.24.
