# Fine Arts Group Will Hold Meeting
## 
### 
The Fine Arts Group of the Stan
lord Dames hold their first meeting
tonight at 8 in the home of the
chairman of the group, Mrs. Richard
P. Ettinger, Gil Dartmouth Street,
College Terrace, Palo Alto. This
meeting is concerned with music
appreciation and will include the
playing of records, followed by a
discussion.
The Fine Arts Group of the Stan
lord Dames hold their first meeting
tonight at 8 in the home of the
chairman of the group, Mrs. Richard
P. Ettinger, Gil Dartmouth Street,
College Terrace, Palo Alto. This
meeting is concerned with music
appreciation and will include the
playing of records, followed by a
discussion.
The Fine Arts Group of the Stan
lord Dames hold their first meeting
tonight at 8 in the home of the
chairman of the group, Mrs. Richard
P. Ettinger, Gil Dartmouth Street,
College Terrace, Palo Alto. This
meeting is concerned with music
appreciation and will include the
playing of records, followed by a
discussion.
The Fine Arts Group of the Stan
lord Dames hold their first meeting
tonight at 8 in the home of the
chairman of the group, Mrs. Richard
P. Ettinger, Gil Dartmouth Street,
College Terrace, Palo Alto. This
meeting is concerned with music
appreciation and will include the
playing of records, followed by a
discussion.
The Fine Arts Group of the Stan
lord Dames hold their first meeting
tonight at 8 in the home of the
chairman of the group, Mrs. Richard
P. Ettinger, Gil Dartmouth Street,
College Terrace, Palo Alto. This
meeting is concerned with music
appreciation and will include the
playing of records, followed by a
discussion.
The Fine Arts Group of the Stan
lord Dames hold their first meeting
tonight at 8 in the home of the
chairman of the group, Mrs. Richard
P. Ettinger, Gil Dartmouth Street,
College Terrace, Palo Alto. This
meeting is concerned with music
appreciation and will include the
playing of records, followed by a
discussion.
The Fine Arts Group of the Stan
lord Dames hold their first meeting
tonight at 8 in the home of the
chairman of the group, Mrs. Richard
P. Ettinger, Gil Dartmouth Street,
College Terrace, Palo Alto. This
meeting is concerned with music
appreciation and will include the
playing of records, followed by a
discussion.
The Fine Arts Group of the Stan
lord Dames hold their first meeting
tonight at 8 in the home of the
chairman of the group, Mrs. Richard
P. Ettinger, Gil Dartmouth Street,
College Terrace, Palo Alto. This
meeting is concerned with music
appreciation and will include the
playing of records, followed by a
discussion.
The Fine Arts Group of the Stan
lord Dames hold their first meeting
tonight at 8 in the home of the
chairman of the group, Mrs. Richard
P. Ettinger, Gil Dartmouth Street,
College Terrace, Palo Alto. This
meeting is concerned with music
appreciation and will include the
playing of records, followed by a
discussion.
The Fine Arts Group of the Stan
lord Dames hold their first meeting
tonight at 8 in the home of the
chairman of the group, Mrs. Richard
P. Ettinger, Gil Dartmouth Street,
College Terrace, Palo Alto. This
meeting is concerned with music
appreciation and will include the
playing of records, followed by a
discussion.
The Fine Arts Group of the Stan
lord Dames hold their first meeting
tonight at 8 in the home of the
chairman of the group, Mrs. Richard
P. Ettinger, Gil Dartmouth Street,
College Terrace, Palo Alto. This
meeting is concerned with music
appreciation and will include the
playing of records, followed by a
discussion.
The Fine Arts Group of the Stan
lord Dames hold their first meeting
tonight at 8 in the home of the
chairman of the group, Mrs. Richard
P. Ettinger, Gil Dartmouth Street,
College Terrace, Palo Alto. This
meeting is concerned with music
appreciation and will include the
playing of records, followed by a
discussion.
The Fine Arts Group of the Stan
lord Dames hold their first meeting
tonight at 8 in the home of the
chairman of the group, Mrs. Richard
P. Ettinger, Gil Dartmouth Street,
College Terrace, Palo Alto. This
meeting is concerned with music
appreciation and will include the
playing of records, followed by a
discussion.
The Fine Arts Group of the Stan
lord Dames hold their first meeting
tonight at 8 in the home of the
chairman of the group, Mrs. Richard
P. Ettinger, Gil Dartmouth Street,
College Terrace, Palo Alto. This
meeting is concerned with music
appreciation and will include the
playing of records, followed by a
discussion.
The Fine Arts Group of the Stan
lord Dames hold their first meeting
tonight at 8 in the home of the
chairman of the group, Mrs. Richard
P. Ettinger, Gil Dartmouth Street,
College Terrace, Palo Alto. This
meeting is concerned with music
appreciation and will include the
playing of records, followed by a
discussion.
