# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—Father Thomas J. Shahan, pro
fessor of history at Catholic Uni
versity of Washington, D. C., will
address the students in the chapel
at 4:30 Wednesday afternoon.
Father Shahan has delivered a se
ries of lectures in San Francisco
which met with much success.
—Father Thomas J. Shahan, pro
fessor of history at Catholic Uni
versity of Washington, D. C., will
address the students in the chapel
at 4:30 Wednesday afternoon.
Father Shahan has delivered a se
ries of lectures in San Francisco
which met with much success.
—Father Thomas J. Shahan, pro
fessor of history at Catholic Uni
versity of Washington, D. C., will
address the students in the chapel
at 4:30 Wednesday afternoon.
Father Shahan has delivered a se
ries of lectures in San Francisco
which met with much success.
—Father Thomas J. Shahan, pro
fessor of history at Catholic Uni
versity of Washington, D. C., will
address the students in the chapel
at 4:30 Wednesday afternoon.
Father Shahan has delivered a se
ries of lectures in San Francisco
which met with much success.
—Father Thomas J. Shahan, pro
fessor of history at Catholic Uni
versity of Washington, D. C., will
address the students in the chapel
at 4:30 Wednesday afternoon.
Father Shahan has delivered a se
ries of lectures in San Francisco
which met with much success.
—Father Thomas J. Shahan, pro
fessor of history at Catholic Uni
versity of Washington, D. C., will
address the students in the chapel
at 4:30 Wednesday afternoon.
Father Shahan has delivered a se
ries of lectures in San Francisco
which met with much success.
—Father Thomas J. Shahan, pro
fessor of history at Catholic Uni
versity of Washington, D. C., will
address the students in the chapel
at 4:30 Wednesday afternoon.
Father Shahan has delivered a se
ries of lectures in San Francisco
which met with much success.
