# 1904 Meeting.
## 
### 
The Sophomore Class met in the
chapel at 1:15 p.m. today. The
following nominations for ofiices
were made: President, Thomas,
Dunn, Spencer; vice-president, A.
M. Stevenson; secretary, Sprague,
Miss Parkhurst; treasurer, Miss
Hale, Lewis, Bernard; athletic
manager, It. CI. McFadden. After
Ihese nominations the meeting ad
journed.
The Sophomore Class met in the
chapel at 1:15 p.m. today. The
following nominations for ofiices
were made: President, Thomas,
Dunn, Spencer; vice-president, A.
M. Stevenson; secretary, Sprague,
Miss Parkhurst; treasurer, Miss
Hale, Lewis, Bernard; athletic
manager, It. CI. McFadden. After
Ihese nominations the meeting ad
journed.
The Sophomore Class met in the
chapel at 1:15 p.m. today. The
following nominations for ofiices
were made: President, Thomas,
Dunn, Spencer; vice-president, A.
M. Stevenson; secretary, Sprague,
Miss Parkhurst; treasurer, Miss
Hale, Lewis, Bernard; athletic
manager, It. CI. McFadden. After
Ihese nominations the meeting ad
journed.
The Sophomore Class met in the
chapel at 1:15 p.m. today. The
following nominations for ofiices
were made: President, Thomas,
Dunn, Spencer; vice-president, A.
M. Stevenson; secretary, Sprague,
Miss Parkhurst; treasurer, Miss
Hale, Lewis, Bernard; athletic
manager, It. CI. McFadden. After
Ihese nominations the meeting ad
journed.
The Sophomore Class met in the
chapel at 1:15 p.m. today. The
following nominations for ofiices
were made: President, Thomas,
Dunn, Spencer; vice-president, A.
M. Stevenson; secretary, Sprague,
Miss Parkhurst; treasurer, Miss
Hale, Lewis, Bernard; athletic
manager, It. CI. McFadden. After
Ihese nominations the meeting ad
journed.
The Sophomore Class met in the
chapel at 1:15 p.m. today. The
following nominations for ofiices
were made: President, Thomas,
Dunn, Spencer; vice-president, A.
M. Stevenson; secretary, Sprague,
Miss Parkhurst; treasurer, Miss
Hale, Lewis, Bernard; athletic
manager, It. CI. McFadden. After
Ihese nominations the meeting ad
journed.
The Sophomore Class met in the
chapel at 1:15 p.m. today. The
following nominations for ofiices
were made: President, Thomas,
Dunn, Spencer; vice-president, A.
M. Stevenson; secretary, Sprague,
Miss Parkhurst; treasurer, Miss
Hale, Lewis, Bernard; athletic
manager, It. CI. McFadden. After
Ihese nominations the meeting ad
journed.
