# Spanish Department.
## 
### 
A great revival of interest has
been shown in Spanish this semes
ter. Dr. Matzke has offered Span
ish as a major subject, and a good
number have taken advantage of
this opportunity. Professor Ram
say has enrolled over one hundred
students in his two divisions of El
ementary Spanish. He is widely
known through the books he has
written. He is the author of "A
Text-book in Modern Spanish," an
elementary Spanish reader and a
Spanish grammar, all of which are
to be used in his courses. Jle is
also co-author of the "Island of
Cuba " and "Exercises in Spanish
Composition." The Velazquez ver
sion of the old Neuman and Baretti
dictionary will be replaced by an
other better.
A great revival of interest has
been shown in Spanish this semes
ter. Dr. Matzke has offered Span
ish as a major subject, and a good
number have taken advantage of
this opportunity. Professor Ram
say has enrolled over one hundred
students in his two divisions of El
ementary Spanish. He is widely
known through the books he has
written. He is the author of "A
Text-book in Modern Spanish," an
elementary Spanish reader and a
Spanish grammar, all of which are
to be used in his courses. Jle is
also co-author of the "Island of
Cuba " and "Exercises in Spanish
Composition." The Velazquez ver
sion of the old Neuman and Baretti
dictionary will be replaced by an
other better.
A great revival of interest has
been shown in Spanish this semes
ter. Dr. Matzke has offered Span
ish as a major subject, and a good
number have taken advantage of
this opportunity. Professor Ram
say has enrolled over one hundred
students in his two divisions of El
ementary Spanish. He is widely
known through the books he has
written. He is the author of "A
Text-book in Modern Spanish," an
elementary Spanish reader and a
Spanish grammar, all of which are
to be used in his courses. Jle is
also co-author of the "Island of
Cuba " and "Exercises in Spanish
Composition." The Velazquez ver
sion of the old Neuman and Baretti
dictionary will be replaced by an
other better.
A great revival of interest has
been shown in Spanish this semes
ter. Dr. Matzke has offered Span
ish as a major subject, and a good
number have taken advantage of
this opportunity. Professor Ram
say has enrolled over one hundred
students in his two divisions of El
ementary Spanish. He is widely
known through the books he has
written. He is the author of "A
Text-book in Modern Spanish," an
elementary Spanish reader and a
Spanish grammar, all of which are
to be used in his courses. Jle is
also co-author of the "Island of
Cuba " and "Exercises in Spanish
Composition." The Velazquez ver
sion of the old Neuman and Baretti
dictionary will be replaced by an
other better.
A great revival of interest has
been shown in Spanish this semes
ter. Dr. Matzke has offered Span
ish as a major subject, and a good
number have taken advantage of
this opportunity. Professor Ram
say has enrolled over one hundred
students in his two divisions of El
ementary Spanish. He is widely
known through the books he has
written. He is the author of "A
Text-book in Modern Spanish," an
elementary Spanish reader and a
Spanish grammar, all of which are
to be used in his courses. Jle is
also co-author of the "Island of
Cuba " and "Exercises in Spanish
Composition." The Velazquez ver
sion of the old Neuman and Baretti
dictionary will be replaced by an
other better.
A great revival of interest has
been shown in Spanish this semes
ter. Dr. Matzke has offered Span
ish as a major subject, and a good
number have taken advantage of
this opportunity. Professor Ram
say has enrolled over one hundred
students in his two divisions of El
ementary Spanish. He is widely
known through the books he has
written. He is the author of "A
Text-book in Modern Spanish," an
elementary Spanish reader and a
Spanish grammar, all of which are
to be used in his courses. Jle is
also co-author of the "Island of
Cuba " and "Exercises in Spanish
Composition." The Velazquez ver
sion of the old Neuman and Baretti
dictionary will be replaced by an
other better.
A great revival of interest has
been shown in Spanish this semes
ter. Dr. Matzke has offered Span
ish as a major subject, and a good
number have taken advantage of
this opportunity. Professor Ram
say has enrolled over one hundred
students in his two divisions of El
ementary Spanish. He is widely
known through the books he has
written. He is the author of "A
Text-book in Modern Spanish," an
elementary Spanish reader and a
Spanish grammar, all of which are
to be used in his courses. Jle is
also co-author of the "Island of
Cuba " and "Exercises in Spanish
Composition." The Velazquez ver
sion of the old Neuman and Baretti
dictionary will be replaced by an
other better.
