# Roble Election.
## 
### 
The Roble girls luive decided to
give their fancy dress party Oc
tober sth. It is one of the most
unique events of the season and
they hope to make it particularly
successful this year. The house
committee met Saturday and
elected Miss Elizabeth Peckham
chairman; Miss Edith Foster, sec
retary; and Miss Elizabeth Gill,
treasurer.
The Roble girls luive decided to
give their fancy dress party Oc
tober sth. It is one of the most
unique events of the season and
they hope to make it particularly
successful this year. The house
committee met Saturday and
elected Miss Elizabeth Peckham
chairman; Miss Edith Foster, sec
retary; and Miss Elizabeth Gill,
treasurer.
The Roble girls luive decided to
give their fancy dress party Oc
tober sth. It is one of the most
unique events of the season and
they hope to make it particularly
successful this year. The house
committee met Saturday and
elected Miss Elizabeth Peckham
chairman; Miss Edith Foster, sec
retary; and Miss Elizabeth Gill,
treasurer.
The Roble girls luive decided to
give their fancy dress party Oc
tober sth. It is one of the most
unique events of the season and
they hope to make it particularly
successful this year. The house
committee met Saturday and
elected Miss Elizabeth Peckham
chairman; Miss Edith Foster, sec
retary; and Miss Elizabeth Gill,
treasurer.
The Roble girls luive decided to
give their fancy dress party Oc
tober sth. It is one of the most
unique events of the season and
they hope to make it particularly
successful this year. The house
committee met Saturday and
elected Miss Elizabeth Peckham
chairman; Miss Edith Foster, sec
retary; and Miss Elizabeth Gill,
treasurer.
The Roble girls luive decided to
give their fancy dress party Oc
tober sth. It is one of the most
unique events of the season and
they hope to make it particularly
successful this year. The house
committee met Saturday and
elected Miss Elizabeth Peckham
chairman; Miss Edith Foster, sec
retary; and Miss Elizabeth Gill,
treasurer.
The Roble girls luive decided to
give their fancy dress party Oc
tober sth. It is one of the most
unique events of the season and
they hope to make it particularly
successful this year. The house
committee met Saturday and
elected Miss Elizabeth Peckham
chairman; Miss Edith Foster, sec
retary; and Miss Elizabeth Gill,
treasurer.
