# Nazis Follow Himmler Example
## 
### 
PARIS, May 27 (UP). â€”Albert
Foerster, known as the "little Hit
ler" in the days when lie was Dan
zig's Nazi party leader, has surren
dered to the British at Hamburg and
Field Marshal Robert Ritter von
Greim, last chief of the defunct Ger
man air force, has poisoned himself
while being held an Allied prisoner,
it was disclosed tonight.
A United Press dispatch said that
Foerster surrendered without a fight
late Friday to a British lieutenant
and a sergeant at a Hamburg hotel
where he had registered a week ago
as a traveling salesman. Foerster
had in his pocket a little container
of poison, similar to that which
Heinrich Himmler carried and used
successfully last week, the dispatch
said.
