# McClanahan Conducts Excom Meeting Tonight
## 
### 
With, newly, elected. President
Janet McClanahan wielding the
gavel. Excom will meet tonight at
7:lli to discuss a social program
for the soldiers on the campus.
Also on the calendar are the
approval of the basis for rugby
awards, the appointment of hand
book editors, and the approval of
Cardinal minutes.
With, newly, elected. President
Janet McClanahan wielding the
gavel. Excom will meet tonight at
7:lli to discuss a social program
for the soldiers on the campus.
Also on the calendar are the
approval of the basis for rugby
awards, the appointment of hand
book editors, and the approval of
Cardinal minutes.
With, newly, elected. President
Janet McClanahan wielding the
gavel. Excom will meet tonight at
7:lli to discuss a social program
for the soldiers on the campus.
Also on the calendar are the
approval of the basis for rugby
awards, the appointment of hand
book editors, and the approval of
Cardinal minutes.
With, newly, elected. President
Janet McClanahan wielding the
gavel. Excom will meet tonight at
7:lli to discuss a social program
for the soldiers on the campus.
Also on the calendar are the
approval of the basis for rugby
awards, the appointment of hand
book editors, and the approval of
Cardinal minutes.
With, newly, elected. President
Janet McClanahan wielding the
gavel. Excom will meet tonight at
7:lli to discuss a social program
for the soldiers on the campus.
Also on the calendar are the
approval of the basis for rugby
awards, the appointment of hand
book editors, and the approval of
Cardinal minutes.
With, newly, elected. President
Janet McClanahan wielding the
gavel. Excom will meet tonight at
7:lli to discuss a social program
for the soldiers on the campus.
Also on the calendar are the
approval of the basis for rugby
awards, the appointment of hand
book editors, and the approval of
Cardinal minutes.
With, newly, elected. President
Janet McClanahan wielding the
gavel. Excom will meet tonight at
7:lli to discuss a social program
for the soldiers on the campus.
Also on the calendar are the
approval of the basis for rugby
awards, the appointment of hand
book editors, and the approval of
Cardinal minutes.
With, newly, elected. President
Janet McClanahan wielding the
gavel. Excom will meet tonight at
7:lli to discuss a social program
for the soldiers on the campus.
Also on the calendar are the
approval of the basis for rugby
awards, the appointment of hand
book editors, and the approval of
Cardinal minutes.
With, newly, elected. President
Janet McClanahan wielding the
gavel. Excom will meet tonight at
7:lli to discuss a social program
for the soldiers on the campus.
Also on the calendar are the
approval of the basis for rugby
awards, the appointment of hand
book editors, and the approval of
Cardinal minutes.
With, newly, elected. President
Janet McClanahan wielding the
gavel. Excom will meet tonight at
7:lli to discuss a social program
for the soldiers on the campus.
Also on the calendar are the
approval of the basis for rugby
awards, the appointment of hand
book editors, and the approval of
Cardinal minutes.
With, newly, elected. President
Janet McClanahan wielding the
gavel. Excom will meet tonight at
7:lli to discuss a social program
for the soldiers on the campus.
Also on the calendar are the
approval of the basis for rugby
awards, the appointment of hand
book editors, and the approval of
Cardinal minutes.
With, newly, elected. President
Janet McClanahan wielding the
gavel. Excom will meet tonight at
7:lli to discuss a social program
for the soldiers on the campus.
Also on the calendar are the
approval of the basis for rugby
awards, the appointment of hand
book editors, and the approval of
Cardinal minutes.
With, newly, elected. President
Janet McClanahan wielding the
gavel. Excom will meet tonight at
7:lli to discuss a social program
for the soldiers on the campus.
Also on the calendar are the
approval of the basis for rugby
awards, the appointment of hand
book editors, and the approval of
Cardinal minutes.
With, newly, elected. President
Janet McClanahan wielding the
gavel. Excom will meet tonight at
7:lli to discuss a social program
for the soldiers on the campus.
Also on the calendar are the
approval of the basis for rugby
awards, the appointment of hand
book editors, and the approval of
Cardinal minutes.
With, newly, elected. President
Janet McClanahan wielding the
gavel. Excom will meet tonight at
7:lli to discuss a social program
for the soldiers on the campus.
Also on the calendar are the
approval of the basis for rugby
awards, the appointment of hand
book editors, and the approval of
Cardinal minutes.
With, newly, elected. President
Janet McClanahan wielding the
gavel. Excom will meet tonight at
7:lli to discuss a social program
for the soldiers on the campus.
Also on the calendar are the
approval of the basis for rugby
awards, the appointment of hand
book editors, and the approval of
Cardinal minutes.
With, newly, elected. President
Janet McClanahan wielding the
gavel. Excom will meet tonight at
7:lli to discuss a social program
for the soldiers on the campus.
Also on the calendar are the
approval of the basis for rugby
awards, the appointment of hand
book editors, and the approval of
Cardinal minutes.
