# APPRENTICES SELECTED
## 
### 
Orchesis, honorary dance society,
has selected the following girls as
new apprentices: Elizabeth Ann
Evans, Nan Bolender, Margaret
Morgan, Shirley TufTli. Jane Gilles
pie, and Janet Wallace. To become
apprentices, these girls had to try
out on techniques. Members of Or
chesis were judges.
Orchesis, honorary dance society,
has selected the following girls as
new apprentices: Elizabeth Ann
Evans, Nan Bolender, Margaret
Morgan, Shirley TufTli. Jane Gilles
pie, and Janet Wallace. To become
apprentices, these girls had to try
out on techniques. Members of Or
chesis were judges.
Orchesis, honorary dance society,
has selected the following girls as
new apprentices: Elizabeth Ann
Evans, Nan Bolender, Margaret
Morgan, Shirley TufTli. Jane Gilles
pie, and Janet Wallace. To become
apprentices, these girls had to try
out on techniques. Members of Or
chesis were judges.
Orchesis, honorary dance society,
has selected the following girls as
new apprentices: Elizabeth Ann
Evans, Nan Bolender, Margaret
Morgan, Shirley TufTli. Jane Gilles
pie, and Janet Wallace. To become
apprentices, these girls had to try
out on techniques. Members of Or
chesis were judges.
Orchesis, honorary dance society,
has selected the following girls as
new apprentices: Elizabeth Ann
Evans, Nan Bolender, Margaret
Morgan, Shirley TufTli. Jane Gilles
pie, and Janet Wallace. To become
apprentices, these girls had to try
out on techniques. Members of Or
chesis were judges.
Orchesis, honorary dance society,
has selected the following girls as
new apprentices: Elizabeth Ann
Evans, Nan Bolender, Margaret
Morgan, Shirley TufTli. Jane Gilles
pie, and Janet Wallace. To become
apprentices, these girls had to try
out on techniques. Members of Or
chesis were judges.
Orchesis, honorary dance society,
has selected the following girls as
new apprentices: Elizabeth Ann
Evans, Nan Bolender, Margaret
Morgan, Shirley TufTli. Jane Gilles
pie, and Janet Wallace. To become
apprentices, these girls had to try
out on techniques. Members of Or
chesis were judges.
Orchesis, honorary dance society,
has selected the following girls as
new apprentices: Elizabeth Ann
Evans, Nan Bolender, Margaret
Morgan, Shirley TufTli. Jane Gilles
pie, and Janet Wallace. To become
apprentices, these girls had to try
out on techniques. Members of Or
chesis were judges.
Orchesis, honorary dance society,
has selected the following girls as
new apprentices: Elizabeth Ann
Evans, Nan Bolender, Margaret
Morgan, Shirley TufTli. Jane Gilles
pie, and Janet Wallace. To become
apprentices, these girls had to try
out on techniques. Members of Or
chesis were judges.
Orchesis, honorary dance society,
has selected the following girls as
new apprentices: Elizabeth Ann
Evans, Nan Bolender, Margaret
Morgan, Shirley TufTli. Jane Gilles
pie, and Janet Wallace. To become
apprentices, these girls had to try
out on techniques. Members of Or
chesis were judges.
Orchesis, honorary dance society,
has selected the following girls as
new apprentices: Elizabeth Ann
Evans, Nan Bolender, Margaret
Morgan, Shirley TufTli. Jane Gilles
pie, and Janet Wallace. To become
apprentices, these girls had to try
out on techniques. Members of Or
chesis were judges.
Orchesis, honorary dance society,
has selected the following girls as
new apprentices: Elizabeth Ann
Evans, Nan Bolender, Margaret
Morgan, Shirley TufTli. Jane Gilles
pie, and Janet Wallace. To become
apprentices, these girls had to try
out on techniques. Members of Or
chesis were judges.
Orchesis, honorary dance society,
has selected the following girls as
new apprentices: Elizabeth Ann
Evans, Nan Bolender, Margaret
Morgan, Shirley TufTli. Jane Gilles
pie, and Janet Wallace. To become
apprentices, these girls had to try
out on techniques. Members of Or
chesis were judges.
Orchesis, honorary dance society,
has selected the following girls as
new apprentices: Elizabeth Ann
Evans, Nan Bolender, Margaret
Morgan, Shirley TufTli. Jane Gilles
pie, and Janet Wallace. To become
apprentices, these girls had to try
out on techniques. Members of Or
chesis were judges.
Orchesis, honorary dance society,
has selected the following girls as
new apprentices: Elizabeth Ann
Evans, Nan Bolender, Margaret
Morgan, Shirley TufTli. Jane Gilles
pie, and Janet Wallace. To become
apprentices, these girls had to try
out on techniques. Members of Or
chesis were judges.
Orchesis, honorary dance society,
has selected the following girls as
new apprentices: Elizabeth Ann
Evans, Nan Bolender, Margaret
Morgan, Shirley TufTli. Jane Gilles
pie, and Janet Wallace. To become
apprentices, these girls had to try
out on techniques. Members of Or
chesis were judges.
Orchesis, honorary dance society,
has selected the following girls as
new apprentices: Elizabeth Ann
Evans, Nan Bolender, Margaret
Morgan, Shirley TufTli. Jane Gilles
pie, and Janet Wallace. To become
apprentices, these girls had to try
out on techniques. Members of Or
chesis were judges.
