# Untitled Article
## 
### 

JIVE IN THE MUD — Truck carrying Buddy Brennan's Foxhole Fugitives, swing band
organized in Guadalcanal by Special Services of American Army, gets stuck in the mud.
While they await assistance, Buddy unlimbers piano and hammers out hot jive. Troupe
wanders about island to entertain soldiers.

JIVE IN THE MUD — Truck carrying Buddy Brennan's Foxhole Fugitives, swing band
organized in Guadalcanal by Special Services of American Army, gets stuck in the mud.
While they await assistance, Buddy unlimbers piano and hammers out hot jive. Troupe
wanders about island to entertain soldiers.

JIVE IN THE MUD — Truck carrying Buddy Brennan's Foxhole Fugitives, swing band
organized in Guadalcanal by Special Services of American Army, gets stuck in the mud.
While they await assistance, Buddy unlimbers piano and hammers out hot jive. Troupe
wanders about island to entertain soldiers.

JIVE IN THE MUD — Truck carrying Buddy Brennan's Foxhole Fugitives, swing band
organized in Guadalcanal by Special Services of American Army, gets stuck in the mud.
While they await assistance, Buddy unlimbers piano and hammers out hot jive. Troupe
wanders about island to entertain soldiers.

JIVE IN THE MUD — Truck carrying Buddy Brennan's Foxhole Fugitives, swing band
organized in Guadalcanal by Special Services of American Army, gets stuck in the mud.
While they await assistance, Buddy unlimbers piano and hammers out hot jive. Troupe
wanders about island to entertain soldiers.

JIVE IN THE MUD — Truck carrying Buddy Brennan's Foxhole Fugitives, swing band
organized in Guadalcanal by Special Services of American Army, gets stuck in the mud.
While they await assistance, Buddy unlimbers piano and hammers out hot jive. Troupe
wanders about island to entertain soldiers.

JIVE IN THE MUD — Truck carrying Buddy Brennan's Foxhole Fugitives, swing band
organized in Guadalcanal by Special Services of American Army, gets stuck in the mud.
While they await assistance, Buddy unlimbers piano and hammers out hot jive. Troupe
wanders about island to entertain soldiers.

JIVE IN THE MUD — Truck carrying Buddy Brennan's Foxhole Fugitives, swing band
organized in Guadalcanal by Special Services of American Army, gets stuck in the mud.
While they await assistance, Buddy unlimbers piano and hammers out hot jive. Troupe
wanders about island to entertain soldiers.

JIVE IN THE MUD — Truck carrying Buddy Brennan's Foxhole Fugitives, swing band
organized in Guadalcanal by Special Services of American Army, gets stuck in the mud.
While they await assistance, Buddy unlimbers piano and hammers out hot jive. Troupe
wanders about island to entertain soldiers.

JIVE IN THE MUD — Truck carrying Buddy Brennan's Foxhole Fugitives, swing band
organized in Guadalcanal by Special Services of American Army, gets stuck in the mud.
While they await assistance, Buddy unlimbers piano and hammers out hot jive. Troupe
wanders about island to entertain soldiers.

JIVE IN THE MUD — Truck carrying Buddy Brennan's Foxhole Fugitives, swing band
organized in Guadalcanal by Special Services of American Army, gets stuck in the mud.
While they await assistance, Buddy unlimbers piano and hammers out hot jive. Troupe
wanders about island to entertain soldiers.

JIVE IN THE MUD — Truck carrying Buddy Brennan's Foxhole Fugitives, swing band
organized in Guadalcanal by Special Services of American Army, gets stuck in the mud.
While they await assistance, Buddy unlimbers piano and hammers out hot jive. Troupe
wanders about island to entertain soldiers.

JIVE IN THE MUD — Truck carrying Buddy Brennan's Foxhole Fugitives, swing band
organized in Guadalcanal by Special Services of American Army, gets stuck in the mud.
While they await assistance, Buddy unlimbers piano and hammers out hot jive. Troupe
wanders about island to entertain soldiers.

JIVE IN THE MUD — Truck carrying Buddy Brennan's Foxhole Fugitives, swing band
organized in Guadalcanal by Special Services of American Army, gets stuck in the mud.
While they await assistance, Buddy unlimbers piano and hammers out hot jive. Troupe
wanders about island to entertain soldiers.

JIVE IN THE MUD — Truck carrying Buddy Brennan's Foxhole Fugitives, swing band
organized in Guadalcanal by Special Services of American Army, gets stuck in the mud.
While they await assistance, Buddy unlimbers piano and hammers out hot jive. Troupe
wanders about island to entertain soldiers.

JIVE IN THE MUD — Truck carrying Buddy Brennan's Foxhole Fugitives, swing band
organized in Guadalcanal by Special Services of American Army, gets stuck in the mud.
While they await assistance, Buddy unlimbers piano and hammers out hot jive. Troupe
wanders about island to entertain soldiers.

JIVE IN THE MUD — Truck carrying Buddy Brennan's Foxhole Fugitives, swing band
organized in Guadalcanal by Special Services of American Army, gets stuck in the mud.
While they await assistance, Buddy unlimbers piano and hammers out hot jive. Troupe
wanders about island to entertain soldiers.
