# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Not a little well-merited criti
cism has been elicited by the fact
that so many uninvited students
took advantage of the reception and
dinner at Encina Monday evening.
They must have been aware that
Encina is no more a public house
than are the fraternity houses or
faculty members' homes, and that
their uninvited presence at a re
ception given by Encina boarders
was as improper as a similar tres
pass on an entertainment given by
any club or family. Had there
been room for more than were in
vited, no special blame could ;\t

tach for the presence of these few;
but as the capacity of the dining
room was taken into consideration
before any one was invited, those
who were there without invitation
should not complain at the criti
cism bestowed upon them.
