# Adv. 53 Page 19
## 
### 
)mi „ .
paint
i m n
coach
.Isan
dance
how can you
l:(^it:i!?niniiimTiKi
The truth is. a little ot your time can make a lifetime ot
difference Because kids with something to do are less
likely to do drugs You can help. Foi more information on
drug prevention programs in your community, call or visit
1 877 KIDS 313
www.youcanhelpkids.org
)mi „ .
paint
i m n
coach
.Isan
dance
how can you
l:(^it:i!?niniiimTiKi
The truth is. a little ot your time can make a lifetime ot
difference Because kids with something to do are less
likely to do drugs You can help. Foi more information on
drug prevention programs in your community, call or visit
1 877 KIDS 313
www.youcanhelpkids.org
)mi „ .
paint
i m n
coach
.Isan
dance
how can you
l:(^it:i!?niniiimTiKi
The truth is. a little ot your time can make a lifetime ot
difference Because kids with something to do are less
likely to do drugs You can help. Foi more information on
drug prevention programs in your community, call or visit
1 877 KIDS 313
www.youcanhelpkids.org
)mi „ .
paint
i m n
coach
.Isan
dance
how can you
l:(^it:i!?niniiimTiKi
The truth is. a little ot your time can make a lifetime ot
difference Because kids with something to do are less
likely to do drugs You can help. Foi more information on
drug prevention programs in your community, call or visit
1 877 KIDS 313
www.youcanhelpkids.org
)mi „ .
paint
i m n
coach
.Isan
dance
how can you
l:(^it:i!?niniiimTiKi
The truth is. a little ot your time can make a lifetime ot
difference Because kids with something to do are less
likely to do drugs You can help. Foi more information on
drug prevention programs in your community, call or visit
1 877 KIDS 313
www.youcanhelpkids.org
)mi „ .
paint
i m n
coach
.Isan
dance
how can you
l:(^it:i!?niniiimTiKi
The truth is. a little ot your time can make a lifetime ot
difference Because kids with something to do are less
likely to do drugs You can help. Foi more information on
drug prevention programs in your community, call or visit
1 877 KIDS 313
www.youcanhelpkids.org
