# Organist to Give Recital Thursday
## 
### 
Warren D. Allen, University or
ganist, will present the regular
Thursday afternoon organ recital to
day at *1:15 o'clock in the Memorial
Chapel.
The program will include the fol
lowing: Hallelujah Chorus from "The
Mount of Olives," Beethoven; Ada
gio from the Sonata Pathetique, Bee
thoven; Romanza in A flat, Mozart;
Symphony V for organ, C. M. Widor
(Allegro cantabile, Adagio. Toccata).
The same program will be repeated
Sunday afternoon.
Warren D. Allen, University or
ganist, will present the regular
Thursday afternoon organ recital to
day at *1:15 o'clock in the Memorial
Chapel.
The program will include the fol
lowing: Hallelujah Chorus from "The
Mount of Olives," Beethoven; Ada
gio from the Sonata Pathetique, Bee
thoven; Romanza in A flat, Mozart;
Symphony V for organ, C. M. Widor
(Allegro cantabile, Adagio. Toccata).
The same program will be repeated
Sunday afternoon.
Warren D. Allen, University or
ganist, will present the regular
Thursday afternoon organ recital to
day at *1:15 o'clock in the Memorial
Chapel.
The program will include the fol
lowing: Hallelujah Chorus from "The
Mount of Olives," Beethoven; Ada
gio from the Sonata Pathetique, Bee
thoven; Romanza in A flat, Mozart;
Symphony V for organ, C. M. Widor
(Allegro cantabile, Adagio. Toccata).
The same program will be repeated
Sunday afternoon.
Warren D. Allen, University or
ganist, will present the regular
Thursday afternoon organ recital to
day at *1:15 o'clock in the Memorial
Chapel.
The program will include the fol
lowing: Hallelujah Chorus from "The
Mount of Olives," Beethoven; Ada
gio from the Sonata Pathetique, Bee
thoven; Romanza in A flat, Mozart;
Symphony V for organ, C. M. Widor
(Allegro cantabile, Adagio. Toccata).
The same program will be repeated
Sunday afternoon.
Warren D. Allen, University or
ganist, will present the regular
Thursday afternoon organ recital to
day at *1:15 o'clock in the Memorial
Chapel.
The program will include the fol
lowing: Hallelujah Chorus from "The
Mount of Olives," Beethoven; Ada
gio from the Sonata Pathetique, Bee
thoven; Romanza in A flat, Mozart;
Symphony V for organ, C. M. Widor
(Allegro cantabile, Adagio. Toccata).
The same program will be repeated
Sunday afternoon.
Warren D. Allen, University or
ganist, will present the regular
Thursday afternoon organ recital to
day at *1:15 o'clock in the Memorial
Chapel.
The program will include the fol
lowing: Hallelujah Chorus from "The
Mount of Olives," Beethoven; Ada
gio from the Sonata Pathetique, Bee
thoven; Romanza in A flat, Mozart;
Symphony V for organ, C. M. Widor
(Allegro cantabile, Adagio. Toccata).
The same program will be repeated
Sunday afternoon.
Warren D. Allen, University or
ganist, will present the regular
Thursday afternoon organ recital to
day at *1:15 o'clock in the Memorial
Chapel.
The program will include the fol
lowing: Hallelujah Chorus from "The
Mount of Olives," Beethoven; Ada
gio from the Sonata Pathetique, Bee
thoven; Romanza in A flat, Mozart;
Symphony V for organ, C. M. Widor
(Allegro cantabile, Adagio. Toccata).
The same program will be repeated
Sunday afternoon.
Warren D. Allen, University or
ganist, will present the regular
Thursday afternoon organ recital to
day at *1:15 o'clock in the Memorial
Chapel.
The program will include the fol
lowing: Hallelujah Chorus from "The
Mount of Olives," Beethoven; Ada
gio from the Sonata Pathetique, Bee
thoven; Romanza in A flat, Mozart;
Symphony V for organ, C. M. Widor
(Allegro cantabile, Adagio. Toccata).
The same program will be repeated
Sunday afternoon.
Warren D. Allen, University or
ganist, will present the regular
Thursday afternoon organ recital to
day at *1:15 o'clock in the Memorial
Chapel.
The program will include the fol
lowing: Hallelujah Chorus from "The
Mount of Olives," Beethoven; Ada
gio from the Sonata Pathetique, Bee
thoven; Romanza in A flat, Mozart;
Symphony V for organ, C. M. Widor
(Allegro cantabile, Adagio. Toccata).
The same program will be repeated
Sunday afternoon.
Warren D. Allen, University or
ganist, will present the regular
Thursday afternoon organ recital to
day at *1:15 o'clock in the Memorial
Chapel.
The program will include the fol
lowing: Hallelujah Chorus from "The
Mount of Olives," Beethoven; Ada
gio from the Sonata Pathetique, Bee
thoven; Romanza in A flat, Mozart;
Symphony V for organ, C. M. Widor
(Allegro cantabile, Adagio. Toccata).
The same program will be repeated
Sunday afternoon.
Warren D. Allen, University or
ganist, will present the regular
Thursday afternoon organ recital to
day at *1:15 o'clock in the Memorial
Chapel.
The program will include the fol
lowing: Hallelujah Chorus from "The
Mount of Olives," Beethoven; Ada
gio from the Sonata Pathetique, Bee
thoven; Romanza in A flat, Mozart;
Symphony V for organ, C. M. Widor
(Allegro cantabile, Adagio. Toccata).
The same program will be repeated
Sunday afternoon.
Warren D. Allen, University or
ganist, will present the regular
Thursday afternoon organ recital to
day at *1:15 o'clock in the Memorial
Chapel.
The program will include the fol
lowing: Hallelujah Chorus from "The
Mount of Olives," Beethoven; Ada
gio from the Sonata Pathetique, Bee
thoven; Romanza in A flat, Mozart;
Symphony V for organ, C. M. Widor
(Allegro cantabile, Adagio. Toccata).
The same program will be repeated
Sunday afternoon.
Warren D. Allen, University or
ganist, will present the regular
Thursday afternoon organ recital to
day at *1:15 o'clock in the Memorial
Chapel.
The program will include the fol
lowing: Hallelujah Chorus from "The
Mount of Olives," Beethoven; Ada
gio from the Sonata Pathetique, Bee
thoven; Romanza in A flat, Mozart;
Symphony V for organ, C. M. Widor
(Allegro cantabile, Adagio. Toccata).
The same program will be repeated
Sunday afternoon.
Warren D. Allen, University or
ganist, will present the regular
Thursday afternoon organ recital to
day at *1:15 o'clock in the Memorial
Chapel.
The program will include the fol
lowing: Hallelujah Chorus from "The
Mount of Olives," Beethoven; Ada
gio from the Sonata Pathetique, Bee
thoven; Romanza in A flat, Mozart;
Symphony V for organ, C. M. Widor
(Allegro cantabile, Adagio. Toccata).
The same program will be repeated
Sunday afternoon.
Warren D. Allen, University or
ganist, will present the regular
Thursday afternoon organ recital to
day at *1:15 o'clock in the Memorial
Chapel.
The program will include the fol
lowing: Hallelujah Chorus from "The
Mount of Olives," Beethoven; Ada
gio from the Sonata Pathetique, Bee
thoven; Romanza in A flat, Mozart;
Symphony V for organ, C. M. Widor
(Allegro cantabile, Adagio. Toccata).
The same program will be repeated
Sunday afternoon.
Warren D. Allen, University or
ganist, will present the regular
Thursday afternoon organ recital to
day at *1:15 o'clock in the Memorial
Chapel.
The program will include the fol
lowing: Hallelujah Chorus from "The
Mount of Olives," Beethoven; Ada
gio from the Sonata Pathetique, Bee
thoven; Romanza in A flat, Mozart;
Symphony V for organ, C. M. Widor
(Allegro cantabile, Adagio. Toccata).
The same program will be repeated
Sunday afternoon.
