# Schwartz Elected Branner President
## 
### 
Norman Schwartz was chosen
president of Branner Clvtb in an
election Tuesday, with Karl Fisher
selected to occupy the position of
vice-president. Max Shaffrath was
chosen secretary.
' Newly elected members of the
council include: Douglas Crawford,
'senior class representative; Boh
Falkinghagen, junior; and Raymond
| Larson, sophomore.
Norman Schwartz was chosen
president of Branner Clvtb in an
election Tuesday, with Karl Fisher
selected to occupy the position of
vice-president. Max Shaffrath was
chosen secretary.
' Newly elected members of the
council include: Douglas Crawford,
'senior class representative; Boh
Falkinghagen, junior; and Raymond
| Larson, sophomore.
Norman Schwartz was chosen
president of Branner Clvtb in an
election Tuesday, with Karl Fisher
selected to occupy the position of
vice-president. Max Shaffrath was
chosen secretary.
' Newly elected members of the
council include: Douglas Crawford,
'senior class representative; Boh
Falkinghagen, junior; and Raymond
| Larson, sophomore.
Norman Schwartz was chosen
president of Branner Clvtb in an
election Tuesday, with Karl Fisher
selected to occupy the position of
vice-president. Max Shaffrath was
chosen secretary.
' Newly elected members of the
council include: Douglas Crawford,
'senior class representative; Boh
Falkinghagen, junior; and Raymond
| Larson, sophomore.
Norman Schwartz was chosen
president of Branner Clvtb in an
election Tuesday, with Karl Fisher
selected to occupy the position of
vice-president. Max Shaffrath was
chosen secretary.
' Newly elected members of the
council include: Douglas Crawford,
'senior class representative; Boh
Falkinghagen, junior; and Raymond
| Larson, sophomore.
Norman Schwartz was chosen
president of Branner Clvtb in an
election Tuesday, with Karl Fisher
selected to occupy the position of
vice-president. Max Shaffrath was
chosen secretary.
' Newly elected members of the
council include: Douglas Crawford,
'senior class representative; Boh
Falkinghagen, junior; and Raymond
| Larson, sophomore.
Norman Schwartz was chosen
president of Branner Clvtb in an
election Tuesday, with Karl Fisher
selected to occupy the position of
vice-president. Max Shaffrath was
chosen secretary.
' Newly elected members of the
council include: Douglas Crawford,
'senior class representative; Boh
Falkinghagen, junior; and Raymond
| Larson, sophomore.
Norman Schwartz was chosen
president of Branner Clvtb in an
election Tuesday, with Karl Fisher
selected to occupy the position of
vice-president. Max Shaffrath was
chosen secretary.
' Newly elected members of the
council include: Douglas Crawford,
'senior class representative; Boh
Falkinghagen, junior; and Raymond
| Larson, sophomore.
Norman Schwartz was chosen
president of Branner Clvtb in an
election Tuesday, with Karl Fisher
selected to occupy the position of
vice-president. Max Shaffrath was
chosen secretary.
' Newly elected members of the
council include: Douglas Crawford,
'senior class representative; Boh
Falkinghagen, junior; and Raymond
| Larson, sophomore.
Norman Schwartz was chosen
president of Branner Clvtb in an
election Tuesday, with Karl Fisher
selected to occupy the position of
vice-president. Max Shaffrath was
chosen secretary.
' Newly elected members of the
council include: Douglas Crawford,
'senior class representative; Boh
Falkinghagen, junior; and Raymond
| Larson, sophomore.
Norman Schwartz was chosen
president of Branner Clvtb in an
election Tuesday, with Karl Fisher
selected to occupy the position of
vice-president. Max Shaffrath was
chosen secretary.
' Newly elected members of the
council include: Douglas Crawford,
'senior class representative; Boh
Falkinghagen, junior; and Raymond
| Larson, sophomore.
Norman Schwartz was chosen
president of Branner Clvtb in an
election Tuesday, with Karl Fisher
selected to occupy the position of
vice-president. Max Shaffrath was
chosen secretary.
' Newly elected members of the
council include: Douglas Crawford,
'senior class representative; Boh
Falkinghagen, junior; and Raymond
| Larson, sophomore.
Norman Schwartz was chosen
president of Branner Clvtb in an
election Tuesday, with Karl Fisher
selected to occupy the position of
vice-president. Max Shaffrath was
chosen secretary.
' Newly elected members of the
council include: Douglas Crawford,
'senior class representative; Boh
Falkinghagen, junior; and Raymond
| Larson, sophomore.
Norman Schwartz was chosen
president of Branner Clvtb in an
election Tuesday, with Karl Fisher
selected to occupy the position of
vice-president. Max Shaffrath was
chosen secretary.
' Newly elected members of the
council include: Douglas Crawford,
'senior class representative; Boh
Falkinghagen, junior; and Raymond
| Larson, sophomore.
Norman Schwartz was chosen
president of Branner Clvtb in an
election Tuesday, with Karl Fisher
selected to occupy the position of
vice-president. Max Shaffrath was
chosen secretary.
' Newly elected members of the
council include: Douglas Crawford,
'senior class representative; Boh
Falkinghagen, junior; and Raymond
| Larson, sophomore.
Norman Schwartz was chosen
president of Branner Clvtb in an
election Tuesday, with Karl Fisher
selected to occupy the position of
vice-president. Max Shaffrath was
chosen secretary.
' Newly elected members of the
council include: Douglas Crawford,
'senior class representative; Boh
Falkinghagen, junior; and Raymond
| Larson, sophomore.
