# SHIPS IDLE IN NORTHWEST STRIKE
## 
### 

BARNACLES GATHER on the hulls of lliesc ships, tied up at a West Seattle dock, following a strike of
Masters, Mates, and Pilots union men involving three steamship lines running to Alaska. Though grocery
stores in Alaskan communities quickly sold their stocks when news of the strike was received, no general
food shortage in the territory threatens.

BARNACLES GATHER on the hulls of lliesc ships, tied up at a West Seattle dock, following a strike of
Masters, Mates, and Pilots union men involving three steamship lines running to Alaska. Though grocery
stores in Alaskan communities quickly sold their stocks when news of the strike was received, no general
food shortage in the territory threatens.

BARNACLES GATHER on the hulls of lliesc ships, tied up at a West Seattle dock, following a strike of
Masters, Mates, and Pilots union men involving three steamship lines running to Alaska. Though grocery
stores in Alaskan communities quickly sold their stocks when news of the strike was received, no general
food shortage in the territory threatens.

BARNACLES GATHER on the hulls of lliesc ships, tied up at a West Seattle dock, following a strike of
Masters, Mates, and Pilots union men involving three steamship lines running to Alaska. Though grocery
stores in Alaskan communities quickly sold their stocks when news of the strike was received, no general
food shortage in the territory threatens.

BARNACLES GATHER on the hulls of lliesc ships, tied up at a West Seattle dock, following a strike of
Masters, Mates, and Pilots union men involving three steamship lines running to Alaska. Though grocery
stores in Alaskan communities quickly sold their stocks when news of the strike was received, no general
food shortage in the territory threatens.

BARNACLES GATHER on the hulls of lliesc ships, tied up at a West Seattle dock, following a strike of
Masters, Mates, and Pilots union men involving three steamship lines running to Alaska. Though grocery
stores in Alaskan communities quickly sold their stocks when news of the strike was received, no general
food shortage in the territory threatens.

BARNACLES GATHER on the hulls of lliesc ships, tied up at a West Seattle dock, following a strike of
Masters, Mates, and Pilots union men involving three steamship lines running to Alaska. Though grocery
stores in Alaskan communities quickly sold their stocks when news of the strike was received, no general
food shortage in the territory threatens.

BARNACLES GATHER on the hulls of lliesc ships, tied up at a West Seattle dock, following a strike of
Masters, Mates, and Pilots union men involving three steamship lines running to Alaska. Though grocery
stores in Alaskan communities quickly sold their stocks when news of the strike was received, no general
food shortage in the territory threatens.

BARNACLES GATHER on the hulls of lliesc ships, tied up at a West Seattle dock, following a strike of
Masters, Mates, and Pilots union men involving three steamship lines running to Alaska. Though grocery
stores in Alaskan communities quickly sold their stocks when news of the strike was received, no general
food shortage in the territory threatens.

BARNACLES GATHER on the hulls of lliesc ships, tied up at a West Seattle dock, following a strike of
Masters, Mates, and Pilots union men involving three steamship lines running to Alaska. Though grocery
stores in Alaskan communities quickly sold their stocks when news of the strike was received, no general
food shortage in the territory threatens.

BARNACLES GATHER on the hulls of lliesc ships, tied up at a West Seattle dock, following a strike of
Masters, Mates, and Pilots union men involving three steamship lines running to Alaska. Though grocery
stores in Alaskan communities quickly sold their stocks when news of the strike was received, no general
food shortage in the territory threatens.

BARNACLES GATHER on the hulls of lliesc ships, tied up at a West Seattle dock, following a strike of
Masters, Mates, and Pilots union men involving three steamship lines running to Alaska. Though grocery
stores in Alaskan communities quickly sold their stocks when news of the strike was received, no general
food shortage in the territory threatens.

BARNACLES GATHER on the hulls of lliesc ships, tied up at a West Seattle dock, following a strike of
Masters, Mates, and Pilots union men involving three steamship lines running to Alaska. Though grocery
stores in Alaskan communities quickly sold their stocks when news of the strike was received, no general
food shortage in the territory threatens.

BARNACLES GATHER on the hulls of lliesc ships, tied up at a West Seattle dock, following a strike of
Masters, Mates, and Pilots union men involving three steamship lines running to Alaska. Though grocery
stores in Alaskan communities quickly sold their stocks when news of the strike was received, no general
food shortage in the territory threatens.

BARNACLES GATHER on the hulls of lliesc ships, tied up at a West Seattle dock, following a strike of
Masters, Mates, and Pilots union men involving three steamship lines running to Alaska. Though grocery
stores in Alaskan communities quickly sold their stocks when news of the strike was received, no general
food shortage in the territory threatens.

BARNACLES GATHER on the hulls of lliesc ships, tied up at a West Seattle dock, following a strike of
Masters, Mates, and Pilots union men involving three steamship lines running to Alaska. Though grocery
stores in Alaskan communities quickly sold their stocks when news of the strike was received, no general
food shortage in the territory threatens.
