# Batsman Injury Hits Cardinals
## Boon, Third Baseman. Lost for Two Weeks 
### 
Misfortune, in the form of a semi
serious injury, yesterday took its
first toll from among Harry Wol
ter's varsity diamond club. At th<>
close of the afternoon's practice,
regular "Daniel" Boon reported to
the showers with a wrenched shoul
der.
Boon has been holding down the
third sack for the Cardinals since
the opening of the season. His in
jury, according to Coach Wolter,
will keep him benched at least for
a couple of weeks.
In the meantime, the varsity dia
mond inert are taking ofT the rough
edges from what has been shabby
fielding. Yesterday's workout was
the first in nearly a week, because
of rain.
Saturday the Cardinals meet the
: Santa Clara nine in the first con
i ference game of the season. Lazza
! roni and Jameison will be the
! starting battery. Wolter plans to
i move Bull into the infield to take
j care of Boon's job. About 25 play
j ers will make the trip to Santa
Clara.
Misfortune, in the form of a semi
serious injury, yesterday took its
first toll from among Harry Wol
ter's varsity diamond club. At th<>
close of the afternoon's practice,
regular "Daniel" Boon reported to
the showers with a wrenched shoul
der.
Boon has been holding down the
third sack for the Cardinals since
the opening of the season. His in
jury, according to Coach Wolter,
will keep him benched at least for
a couple of weeks.
In the meantime, the varsity dia
mond inert are taking ofT the rough
edges from what has been shabby
fielding. Yesterday's workout was
the first in nearly a week, because
of rain.
Saturday the Cardinals meet the
: Santa Clara nine in the first con
i ference game of the season. Lazza
! roni and Jameison will be the
! starting battery. Wolter plans to
i move Bull into the infield to take
j care of Boon's job. About 25 play
j ers will make the trip to Santa
Clara.
Misfortune, in the form of a semi
serious injury, yesterday took its
first toll from among Harry Wol
ter's varsity diamond club. At th<>
close of the afternoon's practice,
regular "Daniel" Boon reported to
the showers with a wrenched shoul
der.
Boon has been holding down the
third sack for the Cardinals since
the opening of the season. His in
jury, according to Coach Wolter,
will keep him benched at least for
a couple of weeks.
In the meantime, the varsity dia
mond inert are taking ofT the rough
edges from what has been shabby
fielding. Yesterday's workout was
the first in nearly a week, because
of rain.
Saturday the Cardinals meet the
: Santa Clara nine in the first con
i ference game of the season. Lazza
! roni and Jameison will be the
! starting battery. Wolter plans to
i move Bull into the infield to take
j care of Boon's job. About 25 play
j ers will make the trip to Santa
Clara.
Misfortune, in the form of a semi
serious injury, yesterday took its
first toll from among Harry Wol
ter's varsity diamond club. At th<>
close of the afternoon's practice,
regular "Daniel" Boon reported to
the showers with a wrenched shoul
der.
Boon has been holding down the
third sack for the Cardinals since
the opening of the season. His in
jury, according to Coach Wolter,
will keep him benched at least for
a couple of weeks.
In the meantime, the varsity dia
mond inert are taking ofT the rough
edges from what has been shabby
fielding. Yesterday's workout was
the first in nearly a week, because
of rain.
Saturday the Cardinals meet the
: Santa Clara nine in the first con
i ference game of the season. Lazza
! roni and Jameison will be the
! starting battery. Wolter plans to
i move Bull into the infield to take
j care of Boon's job. About 25 play
j ers will make the trip to Santa
Clara.
Misfortune, in the form of a semi
serious injury, yesterday took its
first toll from among Harry Wol
ter's varsity diamond club. At th<>
close of the afternoon's practice,
regular "Daniel" Boon reported to
the showers with a wrenched shoul
der.
Boon has been holding down the
third sack for the Cardinals since
the opening of the season. His in
jury, according to Coach Wolter,
will keep him benched at least for
a couple of weeks.
In the meantime, the varsity dia
mond inert are taking ofT the rough
edges from what has been shabby
fielding. Yesterday's workout was
the first in nearly a week, because
of rain.
Saturday the Cardinals meet the
: Santa Clara nine in the first con
i ference game of the season. Lazza
! roni and Jameison will be the
! starting battery. Wolter plans to
i move Bull into the infield to take
j care of Boon's job. About 25 play
j ers will make the trip to Santa
Clara.
Misfortune, in the form of a semi
serious injury, yesterday took its
first toll from among Harry Wol
ter's varsity diamond club. At th<>
close of the afternoon's practice,
regular "Daniel" Boon reported to
the showers with a wrenched shoul
der.
Boon has been holding down the
third sack for the Cardinals since
the opening of the season. His in
jury, according to Coach Wolter,
will keep him benched at least for
a couple of weeks.
In the meantime, the varsity dia
mond inert are taking ofT the rough
edges from what has been shabby
fielding. Yesterday's workout was
the first in nearly a week, because
of rain.
Saturday the Cardinals meet the
: Santa Clara nine in the first con
i ference game of the season. Lazza
! roni and Jameison will be the
! starting battery. Wolter plans to
i move Bull into the infield to take
j care of Boon's job. About 25 play
j ers will make the trip to Santa
Clara.
Misfortune, in the form of a semi
serious injury, yesterday took its
first toll from among Harry Wol
ter's varsity diamond club. At th<>
close of the afternoon's practice,
regular "Daniel" Boon reported to
the showers with a wrenched shoul
der.
Boon has been holding down the
third sack for the Cardinals since
the opening of the season. His in
jury, according to Coach Wolter,
will keep him benched at least for
a couple of weeks.
In the meantime, the varsity dia
mond inert are taking ofT the rough
edges from what has been shabby
fielding. Yesterday's workout was
the first in nearly a week, because
of rain.
Saturday the Cardinals meet the
: Santa Clara nine in the first con
i ference game of the season. Lazza
! roni and Jameison will be the
! starting battery. Wolter plans to
i move Bull into the infield to take
j care of Boon's job. About 25 play
j ers will make the trip to Santa
Clara.
Misfortune, in the form of a semi
serious injury, yesterday took its
first toll from among Harry Wol
ter's varsity diamond club. At th<>
close of the afternoon's practice,
regular "Daniel" Boon reported to
the showers with a wrenched shoul
der.
Boon has been holding down the
third sack for the Cardinals since
the opening of the season. His in
jury, according to Coach Wolter,
will keep him benched at least for
a couple of weeks.
In the meantime, the varsity dia
mond inert are taking ofT the rough
edges from what has been shabby
fielding. Yesterday's workout was
the first in nearly a week, because
of rain.
Saturday the Cardinals meet the
: Santa Clara nine in the first con
i ference game of the season. Lazza
! roni and Jameison will be the
! starting battery. Wolter plans to
i move Bull into the infield to take
j care of Boon's job. About 25 play
j ers will make the trip to Santa
Clara.
Misfortune, in the form of a semi
serious injury, yesterday took its
first toll from among Harry Wol
ter's varsity diamond club. At th<>
close of the afternoon's practice,
regular "Daniel" Boon reported to
the showers with a wrenched shoul
der.
Boon has been holding down the
third sack for the Cardinals since
the opening of the season. His in
jury, according to Coach Wolter,
will keep him benched at least for
a couple of weeks.
In the meantime, the varsity dia
mond inert are taking ofT the rough
edges from what has been shabby
fielding. Yesterday's workout was
the first in nearly a week, because
of rain.
Saturday the Cardinals meet the
: Santa Clara nine in the first con
i ference game of the season. Lazza
! roni and Jameison will be the
! starting battery. Wolter plans to
i move Bull into the infield to take
j care of Boon's job. About 25 play
j ers will make the trip to Santa
Clara.
Misfortune, in the form of a semi
serious injury, yesterday took its
first toll from among Harry Wol
ter's varsity diamond club. At th<>
close of the afternoon's practice,
regular "Daniel" Boon reported to
the showers with a wrenched shoul
der.
Boon has been holding down the
third sack for the Cardinals since
the opening of the season. His in
jury, according to Coach Wolter,
will keep him benched at least for
a couple of weeks.
In the meantime, the varsity dia
mond inert are taking ofT the rough
edges from what has been shabby
fielding. Yesterday's workout was
the first in nearly a week, because
of rain.
Saturday the Cardinals meet the
: Santa Clara nine in the first con
i ference game of the season. Lazza
! roni and Jameison will be the
! starting battery. Wolter plans to
i move Bull into the infield to take
j care of Boon's job. About 25 play
j ers will make the trip to Santa
Clara.
Misfortune, in the form of a semi
serious injury, yesterday took its
first toll from among Harry Wol
ter's varsity diamond club. At th<>
close of the afternoon's practice,
regular "Daniel" Boon reported to
the showers with a wrenched shoul
der.
Boon has been holding down the
third sack for the Cardinals since
the opening of the season. His in
jury, according to Coach Wolter,
will keep him benched at least for
a couple of weeks.
In the meantime, the varsity dia
mond inert are taking ofT the rough
edges from what has been shabby
fielding. Yesterday's workout was
the first in nearly a week, because
of rain.
Saturday the Cardinals meet the
: Santa Clara nine in the first con
i ference game of the season. Lazza
! roni and Jameison will be the
! starting battery. Wolter plans to
i move Bull into the infield to take
j care of Boon's job. About 25 play
j ers will make the trip to Santa
Clara.
Misfortune, in the form of a semi
serious injury, yesterday took its
first toll from among Harry Wol
ter's varsity diamond club. At th<>
close of the afternoon's practice,
regular "Daniel" Boon reported to
the showers with a wrenched shoul
der.
Boon has been holding down the
third sack for the Cardinals since
the opening of the season. His in
jury, according to Coach Wolter,
will keep him benched at least for
a couple of weeks.
In the meantime, the varsity dia
mond inert are taking ofT the rough
edges from what has been shabby
fielding. Yesterday's workout was
the first in nearly a week, because
of rain.
Saturday the Cardinals meet the
: Santa Clara nine in the first con
i ference game of the season. Lazza
! roni and Jameison will be the
! starting battery. Wolter plans to
i move Bull into the infield to take
j care of Boon's job. About 25 play
j ers will make the trip to Santa
Clara.
Misfortune, in the form of a semi
serious injury, yesterday took its
first toll from among Harry Wol
ter's varsity diamond club. At th<>
close of the afternoon's practice,
regular "Daniel" Boon reported to
the showers with a wrenched shoul
der.
Boon has been holding down the
third sack for the Cardinals since
the opening of the season. His in
jury, according to Coach Wolter,
will keep him benched at least for
a couple of weeks.
In the meantime, the varsity dia
mond inert are taking ofT the rough
edges from what has been shabby
fielding. Yesterday's workout was
the first in nearly a week, because
of rain.
Saturday the Cardinals meet the
: Santa Clara nine in the first con
i ference game of the season. Lazza
! roni and Jameison will be the
! starting battery. Wolter plans to
i move Bull into the infield to take
j care of Boon's job. About 25 play
j ers will make the trip to Santa
Clara.
Misfortune, in the form of a semi
serious injury, yesterday took its
first toll from among Harry Wol
ter's varsity diamond club. At th<>
close of the afternoon's practice,
regular "Daniel" Boon reported to
the showers with a wrenched shoul
der.
Boon has been holding down the
third sack for the Cardinals since
the opening of the season. His in
jury, according to Coach Wolter,
will keep him benched at least for
a couple of weeks.
In the meantime, the varsity dia
mond inert are taking ofT the rough
edges from what has been shabby
fielding. Yesterday's workout was
the first in nearly a week, because
of rain.
Saturday the Cardinals meet the
: Santa Clara nine in the first con
i ference game of the season. Lazza
! roni and Jameison will be the
! starting battery. Wolter plans to
i move Bull into the infield to take
j care of Boon's job. About 25 play
j ers will make the trip to Santa
Clara.
Misfortune, in the form of a semi
serious injury, yesterday took its
first toll from among Harry Wol
ter's varsity diamond club. At th<>
close of the afternoon's practice,
regular "Daniel" Boon reported to
the showers with a wrenched shoul
der.
Boon has been holding down the
third sack for the Cardinals since
the opening of the season. His in
jury, according to Coach Wolter,
will keep him benched at least for
a couple of weeks.
In the meantime, the varsity dia
mond inert are taking ofT the rough
edges from what has been shabby
fielding. Yesterday's workout was
the first in nearly a week, because
of rain.
Saturday the Cardinals meet the
: Santa Clara nine in the first con
i ference game of the season. Lazza
! roni and Jameison will be the
! starting battery. Wolter plans to
i move Bull into the infield to take
j care of Boon's job. About 25 play
j ers will make the trip to Santa
Clara.
Misfortune, in the form of a semi
serious injury, yesterday took its
first toll from among Harry Wol
ter's varsity diamond club. At th<>
close of the afternoon's practice,
regular "Daniel" Boon reported to
the showers with a wrenched shoul
der.
Boon has been holding down the
third sack for the Cardinals since
the opening of the season. His in
jury, according to Coach Wolter,
will keep him benched at least for
a couple of weeks.
In the meantime, the varsity dia
mond inert are taking ofT the rough
edges from what has been shabby
fielding. Yesterday's workout was
the first in nearly a week, because
of rain.
Saturday the Cardinals meet the
: Santa Clara nine in the first con
i ference game of the season. Lazza
! roni and Jameison will be the
! starting battery. Wolter plans to
i move Bull into the infield to take
j care of Boon's job. About 25 play
j ers will make the trip to Santa
Clara.
