# Adv. 4 Page 2
## 
### 
STUDENTS
Try a V2-lb. Stan-Burger
with all the Salad
and Garlic Butter
Bread you wish
99c
RUDOLFO'S
4020 EL CAMINO, PALO ALTO
STUDENTS
Try a V2-lb. Stan-Burger
with all the Salad
and Garlic Butter
Bread you wish
99c
RUDOLFO'S
4020 EL CAMINO, PALO ALTO
STUDENTS
Try a V2-lb. Stan-Burger
with all the Salad
and Garlic Butter
Bread you wish
99c
RUDOLFO'S
4020 EL CAMINO, PALO ALTO
STUDENTS
Try a V2-lb. Stan-Burger
with all the Salad
and Garlic Butter
Bread you wish
99c
RUDOLFO'S
4020 EL CAMINO, PALO ALTO
STUDENTS
Try a V2-lb. Stan-Burger
with all the Salad
and Garlic Butter
Bread you wish
99c
RUDOLFO'S
4020 EL CAMINO, PALO ALTO
STUDENTS
Try a V2-lb. Stan-Burger
with all the Salad
and Garlic Butter
Bread you wish
99c
RUDOLFO'S
4020 EL CAMINO, PALO ALTO
STUDENTS
Try a V2-lb. Stan-Burger
with all the Salad
and Garlic Butter
Bread you wish
99c
RUDOLFO'S
4020 EL CAMINO, PALO ALTO
STUDENTS
Try a V2-lb. Stan-Burger
with all the Salad
and Garlic Butter
Bread you wish
99c
RUDOLFO'S
4020 EL CAMINO, PALO ALTO
STUDENTS
Try a V2-lb. Stan-Burger
with all the Salad
and Garlic Butter
Bread you wish
99c
RUDOLFO'S
4020 EL CAMINO, PALO ALTO
STUDENTS
Try a V2-lb. Stan-Burger
with all the Salad
and Garlic Butter
Bread you wish
99c
RUDOLFO'S
4020 EL CAMINO, PALO ALTO
STUDENTS
Try a V2-lb. Stan-Burger
with all the Salad
and Garlic Butter
Bread you wish
99c
RUDOLFO'S
4020 EL CAMINO, PALO ALTO
STUDENTS
Try a V2-lb. Stan-Burger
with all the Salad
and Garlic Butter
Bread you wish
99c
RUDOLFO'S
4020 EL CAMINO, PALO ALTO
STUDENTS
Try a V2-lb. Stan-Burger
with all the Salad
and Garlic Butter
Bread you wish
99c
RUDOLFO'S
4020 EL CAMINO, PALO ALTO
STUDENTS
Try a V2-lb. Stan-Burger
with all the Salad
and Garlic Butter
Bread you wish
99c
RUDOLFO'S
4020 EL CAMINO, PALO ALTO
