# Adv. 14 Page 6
## 
### 
25% OFF
Save a whopping 25% on
hundreds of selected
famous name running
shoes. Quantities are
limited. Shop early
for best selection!
This sale ends
Oct. 20
.
MB
A <
Bank Cards Welcome
Major
PALO ALTO
790 High SI
al Homar
3289288
RUNNING
SHOES
MTN. VIEW
1931 El Camino
next to Where house
Records 967 9114
SAN MATEO
46 E Fourth Ave
V> Block East
ol El Camino
3489376
SUNNYVALE
565 E El Camino
at Fair Oaks
746-9149
REDWOOD CITY
320 Walnut St
Peninsula Roardwalk
365 9201
25% OFF
Save a whopping 25% on
hundreds of selected
famous name running
shoes. Quantities are
limited. Shop early
for best selection!
This sale ends
Oct. 20
.
MB
A <
Bank Cards Welcome
Major
PALO ALTO
790 High SI
al Homar
3289288
RUNNING
SHOES
MTN. VIEW
1931 El Camino
next to Where house
Records 967 9114
SAN MATEO
46 E Fourth Ave
V> Block East
ol El Camino
3489376
SUNNYVALE
565 E El Camino
at Fair Oaks
746-9149
REDWOOD CITY
320 Walnut St
Peninsula Roardwalk
365 9201
25% OFF
Save a whopping 25% on
hundreds of selected
famous name running
shoes. Quantities are
limited. Shop early
for best selection!
This sale ends
Oct. 20
.
MB
A <
Bank Cards Welcome
Major
PALO ALTO
790 High SI
al Homar
3289288
RUNNING
SHOES
MTN. VIEW
1931 El Camino
next to Where house
Records 967 9114
SAN MATEO
46 E Fourth Ave
V> Block East
ol El Camino
3489376
SUNNYVALE
565 E El Camino
at Fair Oaks
746-9149
REDWOOD CITY
320 Walnut St
Peninsula Roardwalk
365 9201
25% OFF
Save a whopping 25% on
hundreds of selected
famous name running
shoes. Quantities are
limited. Shop early
for best selection!
This sale ends
Oct. 20
.
MB
A <
Bank Cards Welcome
Major
PALO ALTO
790 High SI
al Homar
3289288
RUNNING
SHOES
MTN. VIEW
1931 El Camino
next to Where house
Records 967 9114
SAN MATEO
46 E Fourth Ave
V> Block East
ol El Camino
3489376
SUNNYVALE
565 E El Camino
at Fair Oaks
746-9149
REDWOOD CITY
320 Walnut St
Peninsula Roardwalk
365 9201
25% OFF
Save a whopping 25% on
hundreds of selected
famous name running
shoes. Quantities are
limited. Shop early
for best selection!
This sale ends
Oct. 20
.
MB
A <
Bank Cards Welcome
Major
PALO ALTO
790 High SI
al Homar
3289288
RUNNING
SHOES
MTN. VIEW
1931 El Camino
next to Where house
Records 967 9114
SAN MATEO
46 E Fourth Ave
V> Block East
ol El Camino
3489376
SUNNYVALE
565 E El Camino
at Fair Oaks
746-9149
REDWOOD CITY
320 Walnut St
Peninsula Roardwalk
365 9201
25% OFF
Save a whopping 25% on
hundreds of selected
famous name running
shoes. Quantities are
limited. Shop early
for best selection!
This sale ends
Oct. 20
.
MB
A <
Bank Cards Welcome
Major
PALO ALTO
790 High SI
al Homar
3289288
RUNNING
SHOES
MTN. VIEW
1931 El Camino
next to Where house
Records 967 9114
SAN MATEO
46 E Fourth Ave
V> Block East
ol El Camino
3489376
SUNNYVALE
565 E El Camino
at Fair Oaks
746-9149
REDWOOD CITY
320 Walnut St
Peninsula Roardwalk
365 9201
25% OFF
Save a whopping 25% on
hundreds of selected
famous name running
shoes. Quantities are
limited. Shop early
for best selection!
This sale ends
Oct. 20
.
MB
A <
Bank Cards Welcome
Major
PALO ALTO
790 High SI
al Homar
3289288
RUNNING
SHOES
MTN. VIEW
1931 El Camino
next to Where house
Records 967 9114
SAN MATEO
46 E Fourth Ave
V> Block East
ol El Camino
3489376
SUNNYVALE
565 E El Camino
at Fair Oaks
746-9149
REDWOOD CITY
320 Walnut St
Peninsula Roardwalk
365 9201
25% OFF
Save a whopping 25% on
hundreds of selected
famous name running
shoes. Quantities are
limited. Shop early
for best selection!
This sale ends
Oct. 20
.
MB
A <
Bank Cards Welcome
Major
PALO ALTO
790 High SI
al Homar
3289288
RUNNING
SHOES
MTN. VIEW
1931 El Camino
next to Where house
Records 967 9114
SAN MATEO
46 E Fourth Ave
V> Block East
ol El Camino
3489376
SUNNYVALE
565 E El Camino
at Fair Oaks
746-9149
REDWOOD CITY
320 Walnut St
Peninsula Roardwalk
365 9201
25% OFF
Save a whopping 25% on
hundreds of selected
famous name running
shoes. Quantities are
limited. Shop early
for best selection!
This sale ends
Oct. 20
.
MB
A <
Bank Cards Welcome
Major
PALO ALTO
790 High SI
al Homar
3289288
RUNNING
SHOES
MTN. VIEW
1931 El Camino
next to Where house
Records 967 9114
SAN MATEO
46 E Fourth Ave
V> Block East
ol El Camino
3489376
SUNNYVALE
565 E El Camino
at Fair Oaks
746-9149
REDWOOD CITY
320 Walnut St
Peninsula Roardwalk
365 9201
25% OFF
Save a whopping 25% on
hundreds of selected
famous name running
shoes. Quantities are
limited. Shop early
for best selection!
This sale ends
Oct. 20
.
MB
A <
Bank Cards Welcome
Major
PALO ALTO
790 High SI
al Homar
3289288
RUNNING
SHOES
MTN. VIEW
1931 El Camino
next to Where house
Records 967 9114
SAN MATEO
46 E Fourth Ave
V> Block East
ol El Camino
3489376
SUNNYVALE
565 E El Camino
at Fair Oaks
746-9149
REDWOOD CITY
320 Walnut St
Peninsula Roardwalk
365 9201
