# Stanford hopes for more offense
## 
### Richard Martinez 
Stanford's soccer team's un
relenting schedule matches
the Cardinals tomorrow
against one of the finest squads
on the West Coast-San Jose
State. Stanford has had its
share of learning experiences
this season at the hands of
some fine opponents but this
contest could set the trend for
the remainder of the year.
The Cards, possessing a 4-7
overall record, have 10 games

Lett, "eight which are tough
and two that are relatively
easy," according to coach Nel
son lodge. "We can finish the

Soccer

season on a strong note or be
humbled no end
San )ose State boasts the two
highest scorers in the Pacific
Soccer Conference in strikers
Sergio Cardoso (13 goals, 2 as
sists), and Giulio Bernardi (10

goals and 1 assists). Not only
do the Spartans possess tre
mendous offensive
capabilities, Spartan goalie
Britt Irvine has allowed just
nine scores in 11 contests. Two
victories over highly-rated USC
(5-2) and Fresno State (.3-0)
exemplified the successful ba
lance of San Jose's offense and
defense.
Coach Lodge explained the
offensive and defensive
strategies Stantord will utilize

in order to neutralize the Spar
tans'advantages. "We will have
to mark up on those two strik
ers," said lodge, "and our
strikers will have to combine
more with the midfielders on
the offensive end. In the past
our offense has been impatient
and irustrated because we've
relied too heavily on Willie
Giucci and Ted Rafalovich
(Stanford's strikers). Obvi
ously, five on six will be more
successful than two on six."
