# Adv. 8 Page 4
## 
### 
The Daily welcomes
your letters. When you
write, be sure to indi
cate your class, your
major or job title and a
phone number.
The Daily welcomes
your letters. When you
write, be sure to indi
cate your class, your
major or job title and a
phone number.
The Daily welcomes
your letters. When you
write, be sure to indi
cate your class, your
major or job title and a
phone number.
The Daily welcomes
your letters. When you
write, be sure to indi
cate your class, your
major or job title and a
phone number.
The Daily welcomes
your letters. When you
write, be sure to indi
cate your class, your
major or job title and a
phone number.
The Daily welcomes
your letters. When you
write, be sure to indi
cate your class, your
major or job title and a
phone number.
The Daily welcomes
your letters. When you
write, be sure to indi
cate your class, your
major or job title and a
phone number.
The Daily welcomes
your letters. When you
write, be sure to indi
cate your class, your
major or job title and a
phone number.
