# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Merle Johnson, '07, varsity broad
jumper and artist for the '97 Quad, is
a cartoonist on the New York Amer
ican.
Merle Johnson, '07, varsity broad
jumper and artist for the '97 Quad, is
a cartoonist on the New York Amer
ican.
Merle Johnson, '07, varsity broad
jumper and artist for the '97 Quad, is
a cartoonist on the New York Amer
ican.
Merle Johnson, '07, varsity broad
jumper and artist for the '97 Quad, is
a cartoonist on the New York Amer
ican.
Merle Johnson, '07, varsity broad
jumper and artist for the '97 Quad, is
a cartoonist on the New York Amer
ican.
Merle Johnson, '07, varsity broad
jumper and artist for the '97 Quad, is
a cartoonist on the New York Amer
ican.
Merle Johnson, '07, varsity broad
jumper and artist for the '97 Quad, is
a cartoonist on the New York Amer
ican.
Merle Johnson, '07, varsity broad
jumper and artist for the '97 Quad, is
a cartoonist on the New York Amer
ican.
Merle Johnson, '07, varsity broad
jumper and artist for the '97 Quad, is
a cartoonist on the New York Amer
ican.
Merle Johnson, '07, varsity broad
jumper and artist for the '97 Quad, is
a cartoonist on the New York Amer
ican.
Merle Johnson, '07, varsity broad
jumper and artist for the '97 Quad, is
a cartoonist on the New York Amer
ican.
Merle Johnson, '07, varsity broad
jumper and artist for the '97 Quad, is
a cartoonist on the New York Amer
ican.
Merle Johnson, '07, varsity broad
jumper and artist for the '97 Quad, is
a cartoonist on the New York Amer
ican.
Merle Johnson, '07, varsity broad
jumper and artist for the '97 Quad, is
a cartoonist on the New York Amer
ican.
