# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Roth House announces the en
gagement of Jeanne Ferfanous, '48,
to Lew Scott, Sigma Nu at Oregon
State.
Roth House announces the en
gagement of Jeanne Ferfanous, '48,
to Lew Scott, Sigma Nu at Oregon
State.
Roth House announces the en
gagement of Jeanne Ferfanous, '48,
to Lew Scott, Sigma Nu at Oregon
State.
Roth House announces the en
gagement of Jeanne Ferfanous, '48,
to Lew Scott, Sigma Nu at Oregon
State.
Roth House announces the en
gagement of Jeanne Ferfanous, '48,
to Lew Scott, Sigma Nu at Oregon
State.
Roth House announces the en
gagement of Jeanne Ferfanous, '48,
to Lew Scott, Sigma Nu at Oregon
State.
Roth House announces the en
gagement of Jeanne Ferfanous, '48,
to Lew Scott, Sigma Nu at Oregon
State.
Roth House announces the en
gagement of Jeanne Ferfanous, '48,
to Lew Scott, Sigma Nu at Oregon
State.
Roth House announces the en
gagement of Jeanne Ferfanous, '48,
to Lew Scott, Sigma Nu at Oregon
State.
Roth House announces the en
gagement of Jeanne Ferfanous, '48,
to Lew Scott, Sigma Nu at Oregon
State.
Roth House announces the en
gagement of Jeanne Ferfanous, '48,
to Lew Scott, Sigma Nu at Oregon
State.
Roth House announces the en
gagement of Jeanne Ferfanous, '48,
to Lew Scott, Sigma Nu at Oregon
State.
Roth House announces the en
gagement of Jeanne Ferfanous, '48,
to Lew Scott, Sigma Nu at Oregon
State.
Roth House announces the en
gagement of Jeanne Ferfanous, '48,
to Lew Scott, Sigma Nu at Oregon
State.
Roth House announces the en
gagement of Jeanne Ferfanous, '48,
to Lew Scott, Sigma Nu at Oregon
State.
