# Gallery Opens Egypt Exhibit
## 
### 
Stanford's Art Gallery opened yes
terday with an exhibit of Egyptian
Coptic Textiles which dace back to
the fourth and fifth centuries A.D.
Coptic textiles are made of linen
with decoration woven in wool, and
sometimes in cotton and silk. The
display shows details of how the
weaving is done.
The larger tapestries were used for
hangings in homes and churches and
the smaller ones for covering the
dead. It is the smaller ones, pre
served in the warm dry sand of the
cemeteries, whose color remains
true today.
The Copts accepted Christianity
early, and the designs of their tex
tiles include angels, saints, and
apostles, as well as birds and flowers.
The exhibit is a gift to Stanford
presented by Mr. and Mrs. Charles
de Young Elkus. The research for
the textiles was done by John La-
Plant, John Davis, and Richard
Tripplet, graduate students in art
and archeology, with the help of
Miss Hazel Hansen, professor of
classics.
