# Riflers Practice
## 
### 
Rifle team assignments have been
made out and are posted on the
Range Building, it was announced
last night by Manager - Coach Ed
Korrick. A squad of some 20 odd
are expected to start immediate
practice for their opening assign
ment against San Mateo JC some
time next week.
Rifle team assignments have been
made out and are posted on the
Range Building, it was announced
last night by Manager - Coach Ed
Korrick. A squad of some 20 odd
are expected to start immediate
practice for their opening assign
ment against San Mateo JC some
time next week.
Rifle team assignments have been
made out and are posted on the
Range Building, it was announced
last night by Manager - Coach Ed
Korrick. A squad of some 20 odd
are expected to start immediate
practice for their opening assign
ment against San Mateo JC some
time next week.
Rifle team assignments have been
made out and are posted on the
Range Building, it was announced
last night by Manager - Coach Ed
Korrick. A squad of some 20 odd
are expected to start immediate
practice for their opening assign
ment against San Mateo JC some
time next week.
Rifle team assignments have been
made out and are posted on the
Range Building, it was announced
last night by Manager - Coach Ed
Korrick. A squad of some 20 odd
are expected to start immediate
practice for their opening assign
ment against San Mateo JC some
time next week.
Rifle team assignments have been
made out and are posted on the
Range Building, it was announced
last night by Manager - Coach Ed
Korrick. A squad of some 20 odd
are expected to start immediate
practice for their opening assign
ment against San Mateo JC some
time next week.
Rifle team assignments have been
made out and are posted on the
Range Building, it was announced
last night by Manager - Coach Ed
Korrick. A squad of some 20 odd
are expected to start immediate
practice for their opening assign
ment against San Mateo JC some
time next week.
Rifle team assignments have been
made out and are posted on the
Range Building, it was announced
last night by Manager - Coach Ed
Korrick. A squad of some 20 odd
are expected to start immediate
practice for their opening assign
ment against San Mateo JC some
time next week.
Rifle team assignments have been
made out and are posted on the
Range Building, it was announced
last night by Manager - Coach Ed
Korrick. A squad of some 20 odd
are expected to start immediate
practice for their opening assign
ment against San Mateo JC some
time next week.
Rifle team assignments have been
made out and are posted on the
Range Building, it was announced
last night by Manager - Coach Ed
Korrick. A squad of some 20 odd
are expected to start immediate
practice for their opening assign
ment against San Mateo JC some
time next week.
Rifle team assignments have been
made out and are posted on the
Range Building, it was announced
last night by Manager - Coach Ed
Korrick. A squad of some 20 odd
are expected to start immediate
practice for their opening assign
ment against San Mateo JC some
time next week.
Rifle team assignments have been
made out and are posted on the
Range Building, it was announced
last night by Manager - Coach Ed
Korrick. A squad of some 20 odd
are expected to start immediate
practice for their opening assign
ment against San Mateo JC some
time next week.
Rifle team assignments have been
made out and are posted on the
Range Building, it was announced
last night by Manager - Coach Ed
Korrick. A squad of some 20 odd
are expected to start immediate
practice for their opening assign
ment against San Mateo JC some
time next week.
Rifle team assignments have been
made out and are posted on the
Range Building, it was announced
last night by Manager - Coach Ed
Korrick. A squad of some 20 odd
are expected to start immediate
practice for their opening assign
ment against San Mateo JC some
time next week.
Rifle team assignments have been
made out and are posted on the
Range Building, it was announced
last night by Manager - Coach Ed
Korrick. A squad of some 20 odd
are expected to start immediate
practice for their opening assign
ment against San Mateo JC some
time next week.
