# Grant Will Address Mechanical Engineers
## 
### 
Eugene L. Grant, professor of
economics of engineering, will ad
dress a meeting of the American
Society of Mechanical Engineers to
day at 7:30 p.m., acording to Joseph
Rensch, a member of the society.
Eugene L. Grant, professor of
economics of engineering, will ad
dress a meeting of the American
Society of Mechanical Engineers to
day at 7:30 p.m., acording to Joseph
Rensch, a member of the society.
Eugene L. Grant, professor of
economics of engineering, will ad
dress a meeting of the American
Society of Mechanical Engineers to
day at 7:30 p.m., acording to Joseph
Rensch, a member of the society.
Eugene L. Grant, professor of
economics of engineering, will ad
dress a meeting of the American
Society of Mechanical Engineers to
day at 7:30 p.m., acording to Joseph
Rensch, a member of the society.
Eugene L. Grant, professor of
economics of engineering, will ad
dress a meeting of the American
Society of Mechanical Engineers to
day at 7:30 p.m., acording to Joseph
Rensch, a member of the society.
Eugene L. Grant, professor of
economics of engineering, will ad
dress a meeting of the American
Society of Mechanical Engineers to
day at 7:30 p.m., acording to Joseph
Rensch, a member of the society.
Eugene L. Grant, professor of
economics of engineering, will ad
dress a meeting of the American
Society of Mechanical Engineers to
day at 7:30 p.m., acording to Joseph
Rensch, a member of the society.
Eugene L. Grant, professor of
economics of engineering, will ad
dress a meeting of the American
Society of Mechanical Engineers to
day at 7:30 p.m., acording to Joseph
Rensch, a member of the society.
Eugene L. Grant, professor of
economics of engineering, will ad
dress a meeting of the American
Society of Mechanical Engineers to
day at 7:30 p.m., acording to Joseph
Rensch, a member of the society.
Eugene L. Grant, professor of
economics of engineering, will ad
dress a meeting of the American
Society of Mechanical Engineers to
day at 7:30 p.m., acording to Joseph
Rensch, a member of the society.
Eugene L. Grant, professor of
economics of engineering, will ad
dress a meeting of the American
Society of Mechanical Engineers to
day at 7:30 p.m., acording to Joseph
Rensch, a member of the society.
Eugene L. Grant, professor of
economics of engineering, will ad
dress a meeting of the American
Society of Mechanical Engineers to
day at 7:30 p.m., acording to Joseph
Rensch, a member of the society.
Eugene L. Grant, professor of
economics of engineering, will ad
dress a meeting of the American
Society of Mechanical Engineers to
day at 7:30 p.m., acording to Joseph
Rensch, a member of the society.
Eugene L. Grant, professor of
economics of engineering, will ad
dress a meeting of the American
Society of Mechanical Engineers to
day at 7:30 p.m., acording to Joseph
Rensch, a member of the society.
Eugene L. Grant, professor of
economics of engineering, will ad
dress a meeting of the American
Society of Mechanical Engineers to
day at 7:30 p.m., acording to Joseph
Rensch, a member of the society.
