# Untitled Article
## 
### 

BILL McPHERSON, one of the
present junior editors of the
Quad, was elected '48 Quad editor
yesterday. He will replace Bill
Minette, (his year's editor.

BILL McPHERSON, one of the
present junior editors of the
Quad, was elected '48 Quad editor
yesterday. He will replace Bill
Minette, (his year's editor.

BILL McPHERSON, one of the
present junior editors of the
Quad, was elected '48 Quad editor
yesterday. He will replace Bill
Minette, (his year's editor.

BILL McPHERSON, one of the
present junior editors of the
Quad, was elected '48 Quad editor
yesterday. He will replace Bill
Minette, (his year's editor.

BILL McPHERSON, one of the
present junior editors of the
Quad, was elected '48 Quad editor
yesterday. He will replace Bill
Minette, (his year's editor.

BILL McPHERSON, one of the
present junior editors of the
Quad, was elected '48 Quad editor
yesterday. He will replace Bill
Minette, (his year's editor.

BILL McPHERSON, one of the
present junior editors of the
Quad, was elected '48 Quad editor
yesterday. He will replace Bill
Minette, (his year's editor.

BILL McPHERSON, one of the
present junior editors of the
Quad, was elected '48 Quad editor
yesterday. He will replace Bill
Minette, (his year's editor.

BILL McPHERSON, one of the
present junior editors of the
Quad, was elected '48 Quad editor
yesterday. He will replace Bill
Minette, (his year's editor.

BILL McPHERSON, one of the
present junior editors of the
Quad, was elected '48 Quad editor
yesterday. He will replace Bill
Minette, (his year's editor.

BILL McPHERSON, one of the
present junior editors of the
Quad, was elected '48 Quad editor
yesterday. He will replace Bill
Minette, (his year's editor.

BILL McPHERSON, one of the
present junior editors of the
Quad, was elected '48 Quad editor
yesterday. He will replace Bill
Minette, (his year's editor.

BILL McPHERSON, one of the
present junior editors of the
Quad, was elected '48 Quad editor
yesterday. He will replace Bill
Minette, (his year's editor.

BILL McPHERSON, one of the
present junior editors of the
Quad, was elected '48 Quad editor
yesterday. He will replace Bill
Minette, (his year's editor.

BILL McPHERSON, one of the
present junior editors of the
Quad, was elected '48 Quad editor
yesterday. He will replace Bill
Minette, (his year's editor.
