# Relief Group Aids Foreign Colleges
## 
### 
Stanford International Relief Or
ganization is considering several
universities for special aid in their
relief program.
The universities of Budapest, Bu
charest, and Naples have been con
sidered as possible choices by the
World Student Service Federation.
Anyone having any ideas for other
universities or information is asked
to come to the SIRO offices in the
Klahoya room of the Women's Club
house Friday from 12:30 to 1:30 p.m.
Co-chairmen Molly Shaw and Bill
Dirkcr will be there to talk to any
one interested.
Choice of the university will be
made by the beginning of next
week. Questionnaires are to be
printed in the Daily tomorrow and
Monday to get names of those whom
students know are in need of ma
terial aid in Europe.
