# WATERBAGGED FIREMEN
## 
### 
Firemen putting out the burning
hayslacks behind Toyon and Encina
lor the last two nights have been
receiving their share of the water—

from Encina. Much of the Encina
population gathers on the side of
the building nearest the working
firemen and douses them with hun
dreds of watcrbags, according to
John Marston, Stanford fire chief.
Firemen putting out the burning
hayslacks behind Toyon and Encina
lor the last two nights have been
receiving their share of the water—

from Encina. Much of the Encina
population gathers on the side of
the building nearest the working
firemen and douses them with hun
dreds of watcrbags, according to
John Marston, Stanford fire chief.
Firemen putting out the burning
hayslacks behind Toyon and Encina
lor the last two nights have been
receiving their share of the water—

from Encina. Much of the Encina
population gathers on the side of
the building nearest the working
firemen and douses them with hun
dreds of watcrbags, according to
John Marston, Stanford fire chief.
Firemen putting out the burning
hayslacks behind Toyon and Encina
lor the last two nights have been
receiving their share of the water—

from Encina. Much of the Encina
population gathers on the side of
the building nearest the working
firemen and douses them with hun
dreds of watcrbags, according to
John Marston, Stanford fire chief.
Firemen putting out the burning
hayslacks behind Toyon and Encina
lor the last two nights have been
receiving their share of the water—

from Encina. Much of the Encina
population gathers on the side of
the building nearest the working
firemen and douses them with hun
dreds of watcrbags, according to
John Marston, Stanford fire chief.
Firemen putting out the burning
hayslacks behind Toyon and Encina
lor the last two nights have been
receiving their share of the water—

from Encina. Much of the Encina
population gathers on the side of
the building nearest the working
firemen and douses them with hun
dreds of watcrbags, according to
John Marston, Stanford fire chief.
Firemen putting out the burning
hayslacks behind Toyon and Encina
lor the last two nights have been
receiving their share of the water—

from Encina. Much of the Encina
population gathers on the side of
the building nearest the working
firemen and douses them with hun
dreds of watcrbags, according to
John Marston, Stanford fire chief.
Firemen putting out the burning
hayslacks behind Toyon and Encina
lor the last two nights have been
receiving their share of the water—

from Encina. Much of the Encina
population gathers on the side of
the building nearest the working
firemen and douses them with hun
dreds of watcrbags, according to
John Marston, Stanford fire chief.
Firemen putting out the burning
hayslacks behind Toyon and Encina
lor the last two nights have been
receiving their share of the water—

from Encina. Much of the Encina
population gathers on the side of
the building nearest the working
firemen and douses them with hun
dreds of watcrbags, according to
John Marston, Stanford fire chief.
Firemen putting out the burning
hayslacks behind Toyon and Encina
lor the last two nights have been
receiving their share of the water—

from Encina. Much of the Encina
population gathers on the side of
the building nearest the working
firemen and douses them with hun
dreds of watcrbags, according to
John Marston, Stanford fire chief.
Firemen putting out the burning
hayslacks behind Toyon and Encina
lor the last two nights have been
receiving their share of the water—

from Encina. Much of the Encina
population gathers on the side of
the building nearest the working
firemen and douses them with hun
dreds of watcrbags, according to
John Marston, Stanford fire chief.
Firemen putting out the burning
hayslacks behind Toyon and Encina
lor the last two nights have been
receiving their share of the water—

from Encina. Much of the Encina
population gathers on the side of
the building nearest the working
firemen and douses them with hun
dreds of watcrbags, according to
John Marston, Stanford fire chief.
Firemen putting out the burning
hayslacks behind Toyon and Encina
lor the last two nights have been
receiving their share of the water—

from Encina. Much of the Encina
population gathers on the side of
the building nearest the working
firemen and douses them with hun
dreds of watcrbags, according to
John Marston, Stanford fire chief.
Firemen putting out the burning
hayslacks behind Toyon and Encina
lor the last two nights have been
receiving their share of the water—

from Encina. Much of the Encina
population gathers on the side of
the building nearest the working
firemen and douses them with hun
dreds of watcrbags, according to
John Marston, Stanford fire chief.
Firemen putting out the burning
hayslacks behind Toyon and Encina
lor the last two nights have been
receiving their share of the water—

from Encina. Much of the Encina
population gathers on the side of
the building nearest the working
firemen and douses them with hun
dreds of watcrbags, according to
John Marston, Stanford fire chief.
