# SEAT SALE NEXT MONDAY FOR "ADMIRABLE CRICHTON.‚Äù
## 
### 
The seat sale for"The Admirable
Crichton" will open Monday morning,
February fifth. The tickets have been
placed at the Bookstore, and at Wein
gartners in Palo Alto. As the play is
the first of the semester and also near
the first of the month, a record sale
is probable. The all-star cast and the
charming and interesting drama will
hoip greatly to insure a fine sale.
The seat sale for"The Admirable
Crichton" will open Monday morning,
February fifth. The tickets have been
placed at the Bookstore, and at Wein
gartners in Palo Alto. As the play is
the first of the semester and also near
the first of the month, a record sale
is probable. The all-star cast and the
charming and interesting drama will
hoip greatly to insure a fine sale.
The seat sale for"The Admirable
Crichton" will open Monday morning,
February fifth. The tickets have been
placed at the Bookstore, and at Wein
gartners in Palo Alto. As the play is
the first of the semester and also near
the first of the month, a record sale
is probable. The all-star cast and the
charming and interesting drama will
hoip greatly to insure a fine sale.
The seat sale for"The Admirable
Crichton" will open Monday morning,
February fifth. The tickets have been
placed at the Bookstore, and at Wein
gartners in Palo Alto. As the play is
the first of the semester and also near
the first of the month, a record sale
is probable. The all-star cast and the
charming and interesting drama will
hoip greatly to insure a fine sale.
The seat sale for"The Admirable
Crichton" will open Monday morning,
February fifth. The tickets have been
placed at the Bookstore, and at Wein
gartners in Palo Alto. As the play is
the first of the semester and also near
the first of the month, a record sale
is probable. The all-star cast and the
charming and interesting drama will
hoip greatly to insure a fine sale.
The seat sale for"The Admirable
Crichton" will open Monday morning,
February fifth. The tickets have been
placed at the Bookstore, and at Wein
gartners in Palo Alto. As the play is
the first of the semester and also near
the first of the month, a record sale
is probable. The all-star cast and the
charming and interesting drama will
hoip greatly to insure a fine sale.
The seat sale for"The Admirable
Crichton" will open Monday morning,
February fifth. The tickets have been
placed at the Bookstore, and at Wein
gartners in Palo Alto. As the play is
the first of the semester and also near
the first of the month, a record sale
is probable. The all-star cast and the
charming and interesting drama will
hoip greatly to insure a fine sale.
The seat sale for"The Admirable
Crichton" will open Monday morning,
February fifth. The tickets have been
placed at the Bookstore, and at Wein
gartners in Palo Alto. As the play is
the first of the semester and also near
the first of the month, a record sale
is probable. The all-star cast and the
charming and interesting drama will
hoip greatly to insure a fine sale.
The seat sale for"The Admirable
Crichton" will open Monday morning,
February fifth. The tickets have been
placed at the Bookstore, and at Wein
gartners in Palo Alto. As the play is
the first of the semester and also near
the first of the month, a record sale
is probable. The all-star cast and the
charming and interesting drama will
hoip greatly to insure a fine sale.
The seat sale for"The Admirable
Crichton" will open Monday morning,
February fifth. The tickets have been
placed at the Bookstore, and at Wein
gartners in Palo Alto. As the play is
the first of the semester and also near
the first of the month, a record sale
is probable. The all-star cast and the
charming and interesting drama will
hoip greatly to insure a fine sale.
The seat sale for"The Admirable
Crichton" will open Monday morning,
February fifth. The tickets have been
placed at the Bookstore, and at Wein
gartners in Palo Alto. As the play is
the first of the semester and also near
the first of the month, a record sale
is probable. The all-star cast and the
charming and interesting drama will
hoip greatly to insure a fine sale.
The seat sale for"The Admirable
Crichton" will open Monday morning,
February fifth. The tickets have been
placed at the Bookstore, and at Wein
gartners in Palo Alto. As the play is
the first of the semester and also near
the first of the month, a record sale
is probable. The all-star cast and the
charming and interesting drama will
hoip greatly to insure a fine sale.
The seat sale for"The Admirable
Crichton" will open Monday morning,
February fifth. The tickets have been
placed at the Bookstore, and at Wein
gartners in Palo Alto. As the play is
the first of the semester and also near
the first of the month, a record sale
is probable. The all-star cast and the
charming and interesting drama will
hoip greatly to insure a fine sale.
