# Encina Registration Falls in Spring Quarter
## 
### 
According to figures given out by
the custodian of Encina Hall there
arc now 27S men registered therein.
This number is about fifty short of
the registration in Encina at the be
ginning of the winter quarter. There
are sixteen new men registered. Ac
cording to the custodian, the high
mark in the matter of registration
was reached in January of tliis year,
when '.Vl') men had rooms in Encina.
From then, however, the number has
dwindled down to (lie present regis
tration. The biggest exodus has been
during the last fifteen to eighteen
days.
According to figures given out by
the custodian of Encina Hall there
arc now 27S men registered therein.
This number is about fifty short of
the registration in Encina at the be
ginning of the winter quarter. There
are sixteen new men registered. Ac
cording to the custodian, the high
mark in the matter of registration
was reached in January of tliis year,
when '.Vl') men had rooms in Encina.
From then, however, the number has
dwindled down to (lie present regis
tration. The biggest exodus has been
during the last fifteen to eighteen
days.
According to figures given out by
the custodian of Encina Hall there
arc now 27S men registered therein.
This number is about fifty short of
the registration in Encina at the be
ginning of the winter quarter. There
are sixteen new men registered. Ac
cording to the custodian, the high
mark in the matter of registration
was reached in January of tliis year,
when '.Vl') men had rooms in Encina.
From then, however, the number has
dwindled down to (lie present regis
tration. The biggest exodus has been
during the last fifteen to eighteen
days.
According to figures given out by
the custodian of Encina Hall there
arc now 27S men registered therein.
This number is about fifty short of
the registration in Encina at the be
ginning of the winter quarter. There
are sixteen new men registered. Ac
cording to the custodian, the high
mark in the matter of registration
was reached in January of tliis year,
when '.Vl') men had rooms in Encina.
From then, however, the number has
dwindled down to (lie present regis
tration. The biggest exodus has been
during the last fifteen to eighteen
days.
According to figures given out by
the custodian of Encina Hall there
arc now 27S men registered therein.
This number is about fifty short of
the registration in Encina at the be
ginning of the winter quarter. There
are sixteen new men registered. Ac
cording to the custodian, the high
mark in the matter of registration
was reached in January of tliis year,
when '.Vl') men had rooms in Encina.
From then, however, the number has
dwindled down to (lie present regis
tration. The biggest exodus has been
during the last fifteen to eighteen
days.
According to figures given out by
the custodian of Encina Hall there
arc now 27S men registered therein.
This number is about fifty short of
the registration in Encina at the be
ginning of the winter quarter. There
are sixteen new men registered. Ac
cording to the custodian, the high
mark in the matter of registration
was reached in January of tliis year,
when '.Vl') men had rooms in Encina.
From then, however, the number has
dwindled down to (lie present regis
tration. The biggest exodus has been
during the last fifteen to eighteen
days.
According to figures given out by
the custodian of Encina Hall there
arc now 27S men registered therein.
This number is about fifty short of
the registration in Encina at the be
ginning of the winter quarter. There
are sixteen new men registered. Ac
cording to the custodian, the high
mark in the matter of registration
was reached in January of tliis year,
when '.Vl') men had rooms in Encina.
From then, however, the number has
dwindled down to (lie present regis
tration. The biggest exodus has been
during the last fifteen to eighteen
days.
According to figures given out by
the custodian of Encina Hall there
arc now 27S men registered therein.
This number is about fifty short of
the registration in Encina at the be
ginning of the winter quarter. There
are sixteen new men registered. Ac
cording to the custodian, the high
mark in the matter of registration
was reached in January of tliis year,
when '.Vl') men had rooms in Encina.
From then, however, the number has
dwindled down to (lie present regis
tration. The biggest exodus has been
during the last fifteen to eighteen
days.
According to figures given out by
the custodian of Encina Hall there
arc now 27S men registered therein.
This number is about fifty short of
the registration in Encina at the be
ginning of the winter quarter. There
are sixteen new men registered. Ac
cording to the custodian, the high
mark in the matter of registration
was reached in January of tliis year,
when '.Vl') men had rooms in Encina.
From then, however, the number has
dwindled down to (lie present regis
tration. The biggest exodus has been
during the last fifteen to eighteen
days.
According to figures given out by
the custodian of Encina Hall there
arc now 27S men registered therein.
This number is about fifty short of
the registration in Encina at the be
ginning of the winter quarter. There
are sixteen new men registered. Ac
cording to the custodian, the high
mark in the matter of registration
was reached in January of tliis year,
when '.Vl') men had rooms in Encina.
From then, however, the number has
dwindled down to (lie present regis
tration. The biggest exodus has been
during the last fifteen to eighteen
days.
According to figures given out by
the custodian of Encina Hall there
arc now 27S men registered therein.
This number is about fifty short of
the registration in Encina at the be
ginning of the winter quarter. There
are sixteen new men registered. Ac
cording to the custodian, the high
mark in the matter of registration
was reached in January of tliis year,
when '.Vl') men had rooms in Encina.
From then, however, the number has
dwindled down to (lie present regis
tration. The biggest exodus has been
during the last fifteen to eighteen
days.
According to figures given out by
the custodian of Encina Hall there
arc now 27S men registered therein.
This number is about fifty short of
the registration in Encina at the be
ginning of the winter quarter. There
are sixteen new men registered. Ac
cording to the custodian, the high
mark in the matter of registration
was reached in January of tliis year,
when '.Vl') men had rooms in Encina.
From then, however, the number has
dwindled down to (lie present regis
tration. The biggest exodus has been
during the last fifteen to eighteen
days.
According to figures given out by
the custodian of Encina Hall there
arc now 27S men registered therein.
This number is about fifty short of
the registration in Encina at the be
ginning of the winter quarter. There
are sixteen new men registered. Ac
cording to the custodian, the high
mark in the matter of registration
was reached in January of tliis year,
when '.Vl') men had rooms in Encina.
From then, however, the number has
dwindled down to (lie present regis
tration. The biggest exodus has been
during the last fifteen to eighteen
days.
According to figures given out by
the custodian of Encina Hall there
arc now 27S men registered therein.
This number is about fifty short of
the registration in Encina at the be
ginning of the winter quarter. There
are sixteen new men registered. Ac
cording to the custodian, the high
mark in the matter of registration
was reached in January of tliis year,
when '.Vl') men had rooms in Encina.
From then, however, the number has
dwindled down to (lie present regis
tration. The biggest exodus has been
during the last fifteen to eighteen
days.
According to figures given out by
the custodian of Encina Hall there
arc now 27S men registered therein.
This number is about fifty short of
the registration in Encina at the be
ginning of the winter quarter. There
are sixteen new men registered. Ac
cording to the custodian, the high
mark in the matter of registration
was reached in January of tliis year,
when '.Vl') men had rooms in Encina.
From then, however, the number has
dwindled down to (lie present regis
tration. The biggest exodus has been
during the last fifteen to eighteen
days.
