# War Debts Argued In Nazarene-Card Debate
## 
### 
Opposing cancellation of the inter
allied war debts, a debating team
from the Northwest Nazarene Col
lege of Nampa, Idaho, met two
members of the Stanford varsity
debate squad at the 9 o'clock ses
sion of Public Speaking 16, yester
day morning.
Last year Stanford's touring de
baters, Abe Mellinkoff and How
ard Conn, visited the Idaho school.
Opposing cancellation of the inter
allied war debts, a debating team
from the Northwest Nazarene Col
lege of Nampa, Idaho, met two
members of the Stanford varsity
debate squad at the 9 o'clock ses
sion of Public Speaking 16, yester
day morning.
Last year Stanford's touring de
baters, Abe Mellinkoff and How
ard Conn, visited the Idaho school.
Opposing cancellation of the inter
allied war debts, a debating team
from the Northwest Nazarene Col
lege of Nampa, Idaho, met two
members of the Stanford varsity
debate squad at the 9 o'clock ses
sion of Public Speaking 16, yester
day morning.
Last year Stanford's touring de
baters, Abe Mellinkoff and How
ard Conn, visited the Idaho school.
Opposing cancellation of the inter
allied war debts, a debating team
from the Northwest Nazarene Col
lege of Nampa, Idaho, met two
members of the Stanford varsity
debate squad at the 9 o'clock ses
sion of Public Speaking 16, yester
day morning.
Last year Stanford's touring de
baters, Abe Mellinkoff and How
ard Conn, visited the Idaho school.
Opposing cancellation of the inter
allied war debts, a debating team
from the Northwest Nazarene Col
lege of Nampa, Idaho, met two
members of the Stanford varsity
debate squad at the 9 o'clock ses
sion of Public Speaking 16, yester
day morning.
Last year Stanford's touring de
baters, Abe Mellinkoff and How
ard Conn, visited the Idaho school.
Opposing cancellation of the inter
allied war debts, a debating team
from the Northwest Nazarene Col
lege of Nampa, Idaho, met two
members of the Stanford varsity
debate squad at the 9 o'clock ses
sion of Public Speaking 16, yester
day morning.
Last year Stanford's touring de
baters, Abe Mellinkoff and How
ard Conn, visited the Idaho school.
Opposing cancellation of the inter
allied war debts, a debating team
from the Northwest Nazarene Col
lege of Nampa, Idaho, met two
members of the Stanford varsity
debate squad at the 9 o'clock ses
sion of Public Speaking 16, yester
day morning.
Last year Stanford's touring de
baters, Abe Mellinkoff and How
ard Conn, visited the Idaho school.
Opposing cancellation of the inter
allied war debts, a debating team
from the Northwest Nazarene Col
lege of Nampa, Idaho, met two
members of the Stanford varsity
debate squad at the 9 o'clock ses
sion of Public Speaking 16, yester
day morning.
Last year Stanford's touring de
baters, Abe Mellinkoff and How
ard Conn, visited the Idaho school.
Opposing cancellation of the inter
allied war debts, a debating team
from the Northwest Nazarene Col
lege of Nampa, Idaho, met two
members of the Stanford varsity
debate squad at the 9 o'clock ses
sion of Public Speaking 16, yester
day morning.
Last year Stanford's touring de
baters, Abe Mellinkoff and How
ard Conn, visited the Idaho school.
Opposing cancellation of the inter
allied war debts, a debating team
from the Northwest Nazarene Col
lege of Nampa, Idaho, met two
members of the Stanford varsity
debate squad at the 9 o'clock ses
sion of Public Speaking 16, yester
day morning.
Last year Stanford's touring de
baters, Abe Mellinkoff and How
ard Conn, visited the Idaho school.
Opposing cancellation of the inter
allied war debts, a debating team
from the Northwest Nazarene Col
lege of Nampa, Idaho, met two
members of the Stanford varsity
debate squad at the 9 o'clock ses
sion of Public Speaking 16, yester
day morning.
Last year Stanford's touring de
baters, Abe Mellinkoff and How
ard Conn, visited the Idaho school.
Opposing cancellation of the inter
allied war debts, a debating team
from the Northwest Nazarene Col
lege of Nampa, Idaho, met two
members of the Stanford varsity
debate squad at the 9 o'clock ses
sion of Public Speaking 16, yester
day morning.
Last year Stanford's touring de
baters, Abe Mellinkoff and How
ard Conn, visited the Idaho school.
Opposing cancellation of the inter
allied war debts, a debating team
from the Northwest Nazarene Col
lege of Nampa, Idaho, met two
members of the Stanford varsity
debate squad at the 9 o'clock ses
sion of Public Speaking 16, yester
day morning.
Last year Stanford's touring de
baters, Abe Mellinkoff and How
ard Conn, visited the Idaho school.
Opposing cancellation of the inter
allied war debts, a debating team
from the Northwest Nazarene Col
lege of Nampa, Idaho, met two
members of the Stanford varsity
debate squad at the 9 o'clock ses
sion of Public Speaking 16, yester
day morning.
Last year Stanford's touring de
baters, Abe Mellinkoff and How
ard Conn, visited the Idaho school.
