# Campus Women Leaders Will Be Honored At Tea
## 
### 
Honoring women leaders on the
campus, members of the Off-Campus
group will meet for tea from 4 to
5:30 ok:lock this afternoon on the
third floor of the Women's Club
house. Ruth Fisher, president of
W.A.A.; Marian Jones, dramatic
star; and Mary Rochefort, sponsor,
will be among the honor guests.
Mary Parsons, president, asks all
members to be present.
Honoring women leaders on the
campus, members of the Off-Campus
group will meet for tea from 4 to
5:30 ok:lock this afternoon on the
third floor of the Women's Club
house. Ruth Fisher, president of
W.A.A.; Marian Jones, dramatic
star; and Mary Rochefort, sponsor,
will be among the honor guests.
Mary Parsons, president, asks all
members to be present.
Honoring women leaders on the
campus, members of the Off-Campus
group will meet for tea from 4 to
5:30 ok:lock this afternoon on the
third floor of the Women's Club
house. Ruth Fisher, president of
W.A.A.; Marian Jones, dramatic
star; and Mary Rochefort, sponsor,
will be among the honor guests.
Mary Parsons, president, asks all
members to be present.
Honoring women leaders on the
campus, members of the Off-Campus
group will meet for tea from 4 to
5:30 ok:lock this afternoon on the
third floor of the Women's Club
house. Ruth Fisher, president of
W.A.A.; Marian Jones, dramatic
star; and Mary Rochefort, sponsor,
will be among the honor guests.
Mary Parsons, president, asks all
members to be present.
Honoring women leaders on the
campus, members of the Off-Campus
group will meet for tea from 4 to
5:30 ok:lock this afternoon on the
third floor of the Women's Club
house. Ruth Fisher, president of
W.A.A.; Marian Jones, dramatic
star; and Mary Rochefort, sponsor,
will be among the honor guests.
Mary Parsons, president, asks all
members to be present.
Honoring women leaders on the
campus, members of the Off-Campus
group will meet for tea from 4 to
5:30 ok:lock this afternoon on the
third floor of the Women's Club
house. Ruth Fisher, president of
W.A.A.; Marian Jones, dramatic
star; and Mary Rochefort, sponsor,
will be among the honor guests.
Mary Parsons, president, asks all
members to be present.
Honoring women leaders on the
campus, members of the Off-Campus
group will meet for tea from 4 to
5:30 ok:lock this afternoon on the
third floor of the Women's Club
house. Ruth Fisher, president of
W.A.A.; Marian Jones, dramatic
star; and Mary Rochefort, sponsor,
will be among the honor guests.
Mary Parsons, president, asks all
members to be present.
Honoring women leaders on the
campus, members of the Off-Campus
group will meet for tea from 4 to
5:30 ok:lock this afternoon on the
third floor of the Women's Club
house. Ruth Fisher, president of
W.A.A.; Marian Jones, dramatic
star; and Mary Rochefort, sponsor,
will be among the honor guests.
Mary Parsons, president, asks all
members to be present.
Honoring women leaders on the
campus, members of the Off-Campus
group will meet for tea from 4 to
5:30 ok:lock this afternoon on the
third floor of the Women's Club
house. Ruth Fisher, president of
W.A.A.; Marian Jones, dramatic
star; and Mary Rochefort, sponsor,
will be among the honor guests.
Mary Parsons, president, asks all
members to be present.
Honoring women leaders on the
campus, members of the Off-Campus
group will meet for tea from 4 to
5:30 ok:lock this afternoon on the
third floor of the Women's Club
house. Ruth Fisher, president of
W.A.A.; Marian Jones, dramatic
star; and Mary Rochefort, sponsor,
will be among the honor guests.
Mary Parsons, president, asks all
members to be present.
Honoring women leaders on the
campus, members of the Off-Campus
group will meet for tea from 4 to
5:30 ok:lock this afternoon on the
third floor of the Women's Club
house. Ruth Fisher, president of
W.A.A.; Marian Jones, dramatic
star; and Mary Rochefort, sponsor,
will be among the honor guests.
Mary Parsons, president, asks all
members to be present.
Honoring women leaders on the
campus, members of the Off-Campus
group will meet for tea from 4 to
5:30 ok:lock this afternoon on the
third floor of the Women's Club
house. Ruth Fisher, president of
W.A.A.; Marian Jones, dramatic
star; and Mary Rochefort, sponsor,
will be among the honor guests.
Mary Parsons, president, asks all
members to be present.
Honoring women leaders on the
campus, members of the Off-Campus
group will meet for tea from 4 to
5:30 ok:lock this afternoon on the
third floor of the Women's Club
house. Ruth Fisher, president of
W.A.A.; Marian Jones, dramatic
star; and Mary Rochefort, sponsor,
will be among the honor guests.
Mary Parsons, president, asks all
members to be present.
Honoring women leaders on the
campus, members of the Off-Campus
group will meet for tea from 4 to
5:30 ok:lock this afternoon on the
third floor of the Women's Club
house. Ruth Fisher, president of
W.A.A.; Marian Jones, dramatic
star; and Mary Rochefort, sponsor,
will be among the honor guests.
Mary Parsons, president, asks all
members to be present.
