# URGES SUGAR TARIFF
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Feb. 15 (/!')—Ad
increase in sugar tariffs to permit
expansion of sugar beet growing ni
the Middlewest was urged today be
fore the Tariff Commission.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 15 (/!')—Ad
increase in sugar tariffs to permit
expansion of sugar beet growing ni
the Middlewest was urged today be
fore the Tariff Commission.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 15 (/!')—Ad
increase in sugar tariffs to permit
expansion of sugar beet growing ni
the Middlewest was urged today be
fore the Tariff Commission.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 15 (/!')—Ad
increase in sugar tariffs to permit
expansion of sugar beet growing ni
the Middlewest was urged today be
fore the Tariff Commission.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 15 (/!')—Ad
increase in sugar tariffs to permit
expansion of sugar beet growing ni
the Middlewest was urged today be
fore the Tariff Commission.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 15 (/!')—Ad
increase in sugar tariffs to permit
expansion of sugar beet growing ni
the Middlewest was urged today be
fore the Tariff Commission.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 15 (/!')—Ad
increase in sugar tariffs to permit
expansion of sugar beet growing ni
the Middlewest was urged today be
fore the Tariff Commission.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 15 (/!')—Ad
increase in sugar tariffs to permit
expansion of sugar beet growing ni
the Middlewest was urged today be
fore the Tariff Commission.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 15 (/!')—Ad
increase in sugar tariffs to permit
expansion of sugar beet growing ni
the Middlewest was urged today be
fore the Tariff Commission.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 15 (/!')—Ad
increase in sugar tariffs to permit
expansion of sugar beet growing ni
the Middlewest was urged today be
fore the Tariff Commission.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 15 (/!')—Ad
increase in sugar tariffs to permit
expansion of sugar beet growing ni
the Middlewest was urged today be
fore the Tariff Commission.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 15 (/!')—Ad
increase in sugar tariffs to permit
expansion of sugar beet growing ni
the Middlewest was urged today be
fore the Tariff Commission.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 15 (/!')—Ad
increase in sugar tariffs to permit
expansion of sugar beet growing ni
the Middlewest was urged today be
fore the Tariff Commission.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 15 (/!')—Ad
increase in sugar tariffs to permit
expansion of sugar beet growing ni
the Middlewest was urged today be
fore the Tariff Commission.
