# English Faculty Will Be Honor Guests at 'Y' Tea
## 
### 
Faculty members of the English
department and their wives will be
the guests of honor at the second
academic tea to be sponsored by the
social committee of the Y.W. from
3:30 to 5:30 o'clock tomorrow after
noon on the third floor of the Wo
men's Clubhouse.
Members of the English Club will
also be guests of honor. Ellamae
Dodds, chairman of the social com
mittee, announces that the teas are
open to both men and women stu
dents who may be interested.
Faculty members of the English
department and their wives will be
the guests of honor at the second
academic tea to be sponsored by the
social committee of the Y.W. from
3:30 to 5:30 o'clock tomorrow after
noon on the third floor of the Wo
men's Clubhouse.
Members of the English Club will
also be guests of honor. Ellamae
Dodds, chairman of the social com
mittee, announces that the teas are
open to both men and women stu
dents who may be interested.
Faculty members of the English
department and their wives will be
the guests of honor at the second
academic tea to be sponsored by the
social committee of the Y.W. from
3:30 to 5:30 o'clock tomorrow after
noon on the third floor of the Wo
men's Clubhouse.
Members of the English Club will
also be guests of honor. Ellamae
Dodds, chairman of the social com
mittee, announces that the teas are
open to both men and women stu
dents who may be interested.
Faculty members of the English
department and their wives will be
the guests of honor at the second
academic tea to be sponsored by the
social committee of the Y.W. from
3:30 to 5:30 o'clock tomorrow after
noon on the third floor of the Wo
men's Clubhouse.
Members of the English Club will
also be guests of honor. Ellamae
Dodds, chairman of the social com
mittee, announces that the teas are
open to both men and women stu
dents who may be interested.
Faculty members of the English
department and their wives will be
the guests of honor at the second
academic tea to be sponsored by the
social committee of the Y.W. from
3:30 to 5:30 o'clock tomorrow after
noon on the third floor of the Wo
men's Clubhouse.
Members of the English Club will
also be guests of honor. Ellamae
Dodds, chairman of the social com
mittee, announces that the teas are
open to both men and women stu
dents who may be interested.
Faculty members of the English
department and their wives will be
the guests of honor at the second
academic tea to be sponsored by the
social committee of the Y.W. from
3:30 to 5:30 o'clock tomorrow after
noon on the third floor of the Wo
men's Clubhouse.
Members of the English Club will
also be guests of honor. Ellamae
Dodds, chairman of the social com
mittee, announces that the teas are
open to both men and women stu
dents who may be interested.
Faculty members of the English
department and their wives will be
the guests of honor at the second
academic tea to be sponsored by the
social committee of the Y.W. from
3:30 to 5:30 o'clock tomorrow after
noon on the third floor of the Wo
men's Clubhouse.
Members of the English Club will
also be guests of honor. Ellamae
Dodds, chairman of the social com
mittee, announces that the teas are
open to both men and women stu
dents who may be interested.
Faculty members of the English
department and their wives will be
the guests of honor at the second
academic tea to be sponsored by the
social committee of the Y.W. from
3:30 to 5:30 o'clock tomorrow after
noon on the third floor of the Wo
men's Clubhouse.
Members of the English Club will
also be guests of honor. Ellamae
Dodds, chairman of the social com
mittee, announces that the teas are
open to both men and women stu
dents who may be interested.
Faculty members of the English
department and their wives will be
the guests of honor at the second
academic tea to be sponsored by the
social committee of the Y.W. from
3:30 to 5:30 o'clock tomorrow after
noon on the third floor of the Wo
men's Clubhouse.
Members of the English Club will
also be guests of honor. Ellamae
Dodds, chairman of the social com
mittee, announces that the teas are
open to both men and women stu
dents who may be interested.
Faculty members of the English
department and their wives will be
the guests of honor at the second
academic tea to be sponsored by the
social committee of the Y.W. from
3:30 to 5:30 o'clock tomorrow after
noon on the third floor of the Wo
men's Clubhouse.
Members of the English Club will
also be guests of honor. Ellamae
Dodds, chairman of the social com
mittee, announces that the teas are
open to both men and women stu
dents who may be interested.
Faculty members of the English
department and their wives will be
the guests of honor at the second
academic tea to be sponsored by the
social committee of the Y.W. from
3:30 to 5:30 o'clock tomorrow after
noon on the third floor of the Wo
men's Clubhouse.
Members of the English Club will
also be guests of honor. Ellamae
Dodds, chairman of the social com
mittee, announces that the teas are
open to both men and women stu
dents who may be interested.
Faculty members of the English
department and their wives will be
the guests of honor at the second
academic tea to be sponsored by the
social committee of the Y.W. from
3:30 to 5:30 o'clock tomorrow after
noon on the third floor of the Wo
men's Clubhouse.
Members of the English Club will
also be guests of honor. Ellamae
Dodds, chairman of the social com
mittee, announces that the teas are
open to both men and women stu
dents who may be interested.
Faculty members of the English
department and their wives will be
the guests of honor at the second
academic tea to be sponsored by the
social committee of the Y.W. from
3:30 to 5:30 o'clock tomorrow after
noon on the third floor of the Wo
men's Clubhouse.
Members of the English Club will
also be guests of honor. Ellamae
Dodds, chairman of the social com
mittee, announces that the teas are
open to both men and women stu
dents who may be interested.
Faculty members of the English
department and their wives will be
the guests of honor at the second
academic tea to be sponsored by the
social committee of the Y.W. from
3:30 to 5:30 o'clock tomorrow after
noon on the third floor of the Wo
men's Clubhouse.
Members of the English Club will
also be guests of honor. Ellamae
Dodds, chairman of the social com
mittee, announces that the teas are
open to both men and women stu
dents who may be interested.
