# Professor Baugh To Lead Walrus Club Discussion
## 
### 
Continuing the trend of thought
created by Paul Blanshard, famous
New York economist, in his address
before the Stanford Little Theatre
audience yesterday afternoon, the
Walrus Club will meet under the
direction of Professor Russell Baugh
of the Economics department at 7:30
o'clock this evening on the second
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
The topic will be ''Economic Plan
ning." Possibilities of creating a
planning council for the congress
which will give economic advice to
the body will be discussed.
Continuing the trend of thought
created by Paul Blanshard, famous
New York economist, in his address
before the Stanford Little Theatre
audience yesterday afternoon, the
Walrus Club will meet under the
direction of Professor Russell Baugh
of the Economics department at 7:30
o'clock this evening on the second
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
The topic will be ''Economic Plan
ning." Possibilities of creating a
planning council for the congress
which will give economic advice to
the body will be discussed.
Continuing the trend of thought
created by Paul Blanshard, famous
New York economist, in his address
before the Stanford Little Theatre
audience yesterday afternoon, the
Walrus Club will meet under the
direction of Professor Russell Baugh
of the Economics department at 7:30
o'clock this evening on the second
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
The topic will be ''Economic Plan
ning." Possibilities of creating a
planning council for the congress
which will give economic advice to
the body will be discussed.
Continuing the trend of thought
created by Paul Blanshard, famous
New York economist, in his address
before the Stanford Little Theatre
audience yesterday afternoon, the
Walrus Club will meet under the
direction of Professor Russell Baugh
of the Economics department at 7:30
o'clock this evening on the second
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
The topic will be ''Economic Plan
ning." Possibilities of creating a
planning council for the congress
which will give economic advice to
the body will be discussed.
Continuing the trend of thought
created by Paul Blanshard, famous
New York economist, in his address
before the Stanford Little Theatre
audience yesterday afternoon, the
Walrus Club will meet under the
direction of Professor Russell Baugh
of the Economics department at 7:30
o'clock this evening on the second
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
The topic will be ''Economic Plan
ning." Possibilities of creating a
planning council for the congress
which will give economic advice to
the body will be discussed.
Continuing the trend of thought
created by Paul Blanshard, famous
New York economist, in his address
before the Stanford Little Theatre
audience yesterday afternoon, the
Walrus Club will meet under the
direction of Professor Russell Baugh
of the Economics department at 7:30
o'clock this evening on the second
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
The topic will be ''Economic Plan
ning." Possibilities of creating a
planning council for the congress
which will give economic advice to
the body will be discussed.
Continuing the trend of thought
created by Paul Blanshard, famous
New York economist, in his address
before the Stanford Little Theatre
audience yesterday afternoon, the
Walrus Club will meet under the
direction of Professor Russell Baugh
of the Economics department at 7:30
o'clock this evening on the second
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
The topic will be ''Economic Plan
ning." Possibilities of creating a
planning council for the congress
which will give economic advice to
the body will be discussed.
Continuing the trend of thought
created by Paul Blanshard, famous
New York economist, in his address
before the Stanford Little Theatre
audience yesterday afternoon, the
Walrus Club will meet under the
direction of Professor Russell Baugh
of the Economics department at 7:30
o'clock this evening on the second
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
The topic will be ''Economic Plan
ning." Possibilities of creating a
planning council for the congress
which will give economic advice to
the body will be discussed.
Continuing the trend of thought
created by Paul Blanshard, famous
New York economist, in his address
before the Stanford Little Theatre
audience yesterday afternoon, the
Walrus Club will meet under the
direction of Professor Russell Baugh
of the Economics department at 7:30
o'clock this evening on the second
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
The topic will be ''Economic Plan
ning." Possibilities of creating a
planning council for the congress
which will give economic advice to
the body will be discussed.
Continuing the trend of thought
created by Paul Blanshard, famous
New York economist, in his address
before the Stanford Little Theatre
audience yesterday afternoon, the
Walrus Club will meet under the
direction of Professor Russell Baugh
of the Economics department at 7:30
o'clock this evening on the second
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
The topic will be ''Economic Plan
ning." Possibilities of creating a
planning council for the congress
which will give economic advice to
the body will be discussed.
Continuing the trend of thought
created by Paul Blanshard, famous
New York economist, in his address
before the Stanford Little Theatre
audience yesterday afternoon, the
Walrus Club will meet under the
direction of Professor Russell Baugh
of the Economics department at 7:30
o'clock this evening on the second
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
The topic will be ''Economic Plan
ning." Possibilities of creating a
planning council for the congress
which will give economic advice to
the body will be discussed.
Continuing the trend of thought
created by Paul Blanshard, famous
New York economist, in his address
before the Stanford Little Theatre
audience yesterday afternoon, the
Walrus Club will meet under the
direction of Professor Russell Baugh
of the Economics department at 7:30
o'clock this evening on the second
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
The topic will be ''Economic Plan
ning." Possibilities of creating a
planning council for the congress
which will give economic advice to
the body will be discussed.
Continuing the trend of thought
created by Paul Blanshard, famous
New York economist, in his address
before the Stanford Little Theatre
audience yesterday afternoon, the
Walrus Club will meet under the
direction of Professor Russell Baugh
of the Economics department at 7:30
o'clock this evening on the second
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
The topic will be ''Economic Plan
ning." Possibilities of creating a
planning council for the congress
which will give economic advice to
the body will be discussed.
Continuing the trend of thought
created by Paul Blanshard, famous
New York economist, in his address
before the Stanford Little Theatre
audience yesterday afternoon, the
Walrus Club will meet under the
direction of Professor Russell Baugh
of the Economics department at 7:30
o'clock this evening on the second
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
The topic will be ''Economic Plan
ning." Possibilities of creating a
planning council for the congress
which will give economic advice to
the body will be discussed.
