# JAMES J. CORBETT, FORMER HEAVYWEIGHT CHAMP, GRAVELY ILL
## 
### 

One of the greatest fighting men the ring has ever known, James J. Corbett, former heavyweight champion, is seriously ill with a heart
ailment in New York and his physician has abandoned hope for his recovery. In the center is a recent picture of the former boxer and at
left as he appeared during his ting career. Picture at right shows him giving Victorio Campolo, Argentine heavyweight, some friendly tips
when the latter was training for a tilt with Jack Sharkey in 1930. (Associated Press Photos)

One of the greatest fighting men the ring has ever known, James J. Corbett, former heavyweight champion, is seriously ill with a heart
ailment in New York and his physician has abandoned hope for his recovery. In the center is a recent picture of the former boxer and at
left as he appeared during his ting career. Picture at right shows him giving Victorio Campolo, Argentine heavyweight, some friendly tips
when the latter was training for a tilt with Jack Sharkey in 1930. (Associated Press Photos)

One of the greatest fighting men the ring has ever known, James J. Corbett, former heavyweight champion, is seriously ill with a heart
ailment in New York and his physician has abandoned hope for his recovery. In the center is a recent picture of the former boxer and at
left as he appeared during his ting career. Picture at right shows him giving Victorio Campolo, Argentine heavyweight, some friendly tips
when the latter was training for a tilt with Jack Sharkey in 1930. (Associated Press Photos)

One of the greatest fighting men the ring has ever known, James J. Corbett, former heavyweight champion, is seriously ill with a heart
ailment in New York and his physician has abandoned hope for his recovery. In the center is a recent picture of the former boxer and at
left as he appeared during his ting career. Picture at right shows him giving Victorio Campolo, Argentine heavyweight, some friendly tips
when the latter was training for a tilt with Jack Sharkey in 1930. (Associated Press Photos)

One of the greatest fighting men the ring has ever known, James J. Corbett, former heavyweight champion, is seriously ill with a heart
ailment in New York and his physician has abandoned hope for his recovery. In the center is a recent picture of the former boxer and at
left as he appeared during his ting career. Picture at right shows him giving Victorio Campolo, Argentine heavyweight, some friendly tips
when the latter was training for a tilt with Jack Sharkey in 1930. (Associated Press Photos)

One of the greatest fighting men the ring has ever known, James J. Corbett, former heavyweight champion, is seriously ill with a heart
ailment in New York and his physician has abandoned hope for his recovery. In the center is a recent picture of the former boxer and at
left as he appeared during his ting career. Picture at right shows him giving Victorio Campolo, Argentine heavyweight, some friendly tips
when the latter was training for a tilt with Jack Sharkey in 1930. (Associated Press Photos)

One of the greatest fighting men the ring has ever known, James J. Corbett, former heavyweight champion, is seriously ill with a heart
ailment in New York and his physician has abandoned hope for his recovery. In the center is a recent picture of the former boxer and at
left as he appeared during his ting career. Picture at right shows him giving Victorio Campolo, Argentine heavyweight, some friendly tips
when the latter was training for a tilt with Jack Sharkey in 1930. (Associated Press Photos)

One of the greatest fighting men the ring has ever known, James J. Corbett, former heavyweight champion, is seriously ill with a heart
ailment in New York and his physician has abandoned hope for his recovery. In the center is a recent picture of the former boxer and at
left as he appeared during his ting career. Picture at right shows him giving Victorio Campolo, Argentine heavyweight, some friendly tips
when the latter was training for a tilt with Jack Sharkey in 1930. (Associated Press Photos)

One of the greatest fighting men the ring has ever known, James J. Corbett, former heavyweight champion, is seriously ill with a heart
ailment in New York and his physician has abandoned hope for his recovery. In the center is a recent picture of the former boxer and at
left as he appeared during his ting career. Picture at right shows him giving Victorio Campolo, Argentine heavyweight, some friendly tips
when the latter was training for a tilt with Jack Sharkey in 1930. (Associated Press Photos)

One of the greatest fighting men the ring has ever known, James J. Corbett, former heavyweight champion, is seriously ill with a heart
ailment in New York and his physician has abandoned hope for his recovery. In the center is a recent picture of the former boxer and at
left as he appeared during his ting career. Picture at right shows him giving Victorio Campolo, Argentine heavyweight, some friendly tips
when the latter was training for a tilt with Jack Sharkey in 1930. (Associated Press Photos)

One of the greatest fighting men the ring has ever known, James J. Corbett, former heavyweight champion, is seriously ill with a heart
ailment in New York and his physician has abandoned hope for his recovery. In the center is a recent picture of the former boxer and at
left as he appeared during his ting career. Picture at right shows him giving Victorio Campolo, Argentine heavyweight, some friendly tips
when the latter was training for a tilt with Jack Sharkey in 1930. (Associated Press Photos)

One of the greatest fighting men the ring has ever known, James J. Corbett, former heavyweight champion, is seriously ill with a heart
ailment in New York and his physician has abandoned hope for his recovery. In the center is a recent picture of the former boxer and at
left as he appeared during his ting career. Picture at right shows him giving Victorio Campolo, Argentine heavyweight, some friendly tips
when the latter was training for a tilt with Jack Sharkey in 1930. (Associated Press Photos)

One of the greatest fighting men the ring has ever known, James J. Corbett, former heavyweight champion, is seriously ill with a heart
ailment in New York and his physician has abandoned hope for his recovery. In the center is a recent picture of the former boxer and at
left as he appeared during his ting career. Picture at right shows him giving Victorio Campolo, Argentine heavyweight, some friendly tips
when the latter was training for a tilt with Jack Sharkey in 1930. (Associated Press Photos)

One of the greatest fighting men the ring has ever known, James J. Corbett, former heavyweight champion, is seriously ill with a heart
ailment in New York and his physician has abandoned hope for his recovery. In the center is a recent picture of the former boxer and at
left as he appeared during his ting career. Picture at right shows him giving Victorio Campolo, Argentine heavyweight, some friendly tips
when the latter was training for a tilt with Jack Sharkey in 1930. (Associated Press Photos)
