# Oregon State Rally At P.O. Tomorrow
## 
### 
Short but peppy is the keynote
for the Oregon State rally to be
held tomorrow night at 7:15 p.m.
in front of the Post Office.
Rooters should sport overcoats
and mittens at the outdoor pro
gram. according to Nancy Spack
inan and Boh Leefeldt, co-chair
men of the rally.
The short rally has been called
in the middle of the week be
cause the team is leaving Thurs
day. .foe Slier will M.C. the pro
gram thai will feature, for the
most part, only songs and yells.
Short but peppy is the keynote
for the Oregon State rally to be
held tomorrow night at 7:15 p.m.
in front of the Post Office.
Rooters should sport overcoats
and mittens at the outdoor pro
gram. according to Nancy Spack
inan and Boh Leefeldt, co-chair
men of the rally.
The short rally has been called
in the middle of the week be
cause the team is leaving Thurs
day. .foe Slier will M.C. the pro
gram thai will feature, for the
most part, only songs and yells.
Short but peppy is the keynote
for the Oregon State rally to be
held tomorrow night at 7:15 p.m.
in front of the Post Office.
Rooters should sport overcoats
and mittens at the outdoor pro
gram. according to Nancy Spack
inan and Boh Leefeldt, co-chair
men of the rally.
The short rally has been called
in the middle of the week be
cause the team is leaving Thurs
day. .foe Slier will M.C. the pro
gram thai will feature, for the
most part, only songs and yells.
Short but peppy is the keynote
for the Oregon State rally to be
held tomorrow night at 7:15 p.m.
in front of the Post Office.
Rooters should sport overcoats
and mittens at the outdoor pro
gram. according to Nancy Spack
inan and Boh Leefeldt, co-chair
men of the rally.
The short rally has been called
in the middle of the week be
cause the team is leaving Thurs
day. .foe Slier will M.C. the pro
gram thai will feature, for the
most part, only songs and yells.
Short but peppy is the keynote
for the Oregon State rally to be
held tomorrow night at 7:15 p.m.
in front of the Post Office.
Rooters should sport overcoats
and mittens at the outdoor pro
gram. according to Nancy Spack
inan and Boh Leefeldt, co-chair
men of the rally.
The short rally has been called
in the middle of the week be
cause the team is leaving Thurs
day. .foe Slier will M.C. the pro
gram thai will feature, for the
most part, only songs and yells.
Short but peppy is the keynote
for the Oregon State rally to be
held tomorrow night at 7:15 p.m.
in front of the Post Office.
Rooters should sport overcoats
and mittens at the outdoor pro
gram. according to Nancy Spack
inan and Boh Leefeldt, co-chair
men of the rally.
The short rally has been called
in the middle of the week be
cause the team is leaving Thurs
day. .foe Slier will M.C. the pro
gram thai will feature, for the
most part, only songs and yells.
Short but peppy is the keynote
for the Oregon State rally to be
held tomorrow night at 7:15 p.m.
in front of the Post Office.
Rooters should sport overcoats
and mittens at the outdoor pro
gram. according to Nancy Spack
inan and Boh Leefeldt, co-chair
men of the rally.
The short rally has been called
in the middle of the week be
cause the team is leaving Thurs
day. .foe Slier will M.C. the pro
gram thai will feature, for the
most part, only songs and yells.
Short but peppy is the keynote
for the Oregon State rally to be
held tomorrow night at 7:15 p.m.
in front of the Post Office.
Rooters should sport overcoats
and mittens at the outdoor pro
gram. according to Nancy Spack
inan and Boh Leefeldt, co-chair
men of the rally.
The short rally has been called
in the middle of the week be
cause the team is leaving Thurs
day. .foe Slier will M.C. the pro
gram thai will feature, for the
most part, only songs and yells.
Short but peppy is the keynote
for the Oregon State rally to be
held tomorrow night at 7:15 p.m.
in front of the Post Office.
Rooters should sport overcoats
and mittens at the outdoor pro
gram. according to Nancy Spack
inan and Boh Leefeldt, co-chair
men of the rally.
The short rally has been called
in the middle of the week be
cause the team is leaving Thurs
day. .foe Slier will M.C. the pro
gram thai will feature, for the
most part, only songs and yells.
Short but peppy is the keynote
for the Oregon State rally to be
held tomorrow night at 7:15 p.m.
in front of the Post Office.
Rooters should sport overcoats
and mittens at the outdoor pro
gram. according to Nancy Spack
inan and Boh Leefeldt, co-chair
men of the rally.
The short rally has been called
in the middle of the week be
cause the team is leaving Thurs
day. .foe Slier will M.C. the pro
gram thai will feature, for the
most part, only songs and yells.
Short but peppy is the keynote
for the Oregon State rally to be
held tomorrow night at 7:15 p.m.
in front of the Post Office.
Rooters should sport overcoats
and mittens at the outdoor pro
gram. according to Nancy Spack
inan and Boh Leefeldt, co-chair
men of the rally.
The short rally has been called
in the middle of the week be
cause the team is leaving Thurs
day. .foe Slier will M.C. the pro
gram thai will feature, for the
most part, only songs and yells.
Short but peppy is the keynote
for the Oregon State rally to be
held tomorrow night at 7:15 p.m.
in front of the Post Office.
Rooters should sport overcoats
and mittens at the outdoor pro
gram. according to Nancy Spack
inan and Boh Leefeldt, co-chair
men of the rally.
The short rally has been called
in the middle of the week be
cause the team is leaving Thurs
day. .foe Slier will M.C. the pro
gram thai will feature, for the
most part, only songs and yells.
Short but peppy is the keynote
for the Oregon State rally to be
held tomorrow night at 7:15 p.m.
in front of the Post Office.
Rooters should sport overcoats
and mittens at the outdoor pro
gram. according to Nancy Spack
inan and Boh Leefeldt, co-chair
men of the rally.
The short rally has been called
in the middle of the week be
cause the team is leaving Thurs
day. .foe Slier will M.C. the pro
gram thai will feature, for the
most part, only songs and yells.
Short but peppy is the keynote
for the Oregon State rally to be
held tomorrow night at 7:15 p.m.
in front of the Post Office.
Rooters should sport overcoats
and mittens at the outdoor pro
gram. according to Nancy Spack
inan and Boh Leefeldt, co-chair
men of the rally.
The short rally has been called
in the middle of the week be
cause the team is leaving Thurs
day. .foe Slier will M.C. the pro
gram thai will feature, for the
most part, only songs and yells.
Short but peppy is the keynote
for the Oregon State rally to be
held tomorrow night at 7:15 p.m.
in front of the Post Office.
Rooters should sport overcoats
and mittens at the outdoor pro
gram. according to Nancy Spack
inan and Boh Leefeldt, co-chair
men of the rally.
The short rally has been called
in the middle of the week be
cause the team is leaving Thurs
day. .foe Slier will M.C. the pro
gram thai will feature, for the
most part, only songs and yells.
Short but peppy is the keynote
for the Oregon State rally to be
held tomorrow night at 7:15 p.m.
in front of the Post Office.
Rooters should sport overcoats
and mittens at the outdoor pro
gram. according to Nancy Spack
inan and Boh Leefeldt, co-chair
men of the rally.
The short rally has been called
in the middle of the week be
cause the team is leaving Thurs
day. .foe Slier will M.C. the pro
gram thai will feature, for the
most part, only songs and yells.
