# Farm Players Need Ushers for 'Macbeth'
## 
### 
All kiils interested in ushering
for the Stanford Players' produc
tion of "Macbeth" Thursday, Fri
day, and Saturday nights, Nov. 7,
8, and 9. are asked to call Sharon
Nuss, head usher, immediately at
Lugunita 22151.
All kiils interested in ushering
for the Stanford Players' produc
tion of "Macbeth" Thursday, Fri
day, and Saturday nights, Nov. 7,
8, and 9. are asked to call Sharon
Nuss, head usher, immediately at
Lugunita 22151.
All kiils interested in ushering
for the Stanford Players' produc
tion of "Macbeth" Thursday, Fri
day, and Saturday nights, Nov. 7,
8, and 9. are asked to call Sharon
Nuss, head usher, immediately at
Lugunita 22151.
All kiils interested in ushering
for the Stanford Players' produc
tion of "Macbeth" Thursday, Fri
day, and Saturday nights, Nov. 7,
8, and 9. are asked to call Sharon
Nuss, head usher, immediately at
Lugunita 22151.
All kiils interested in ushering
for the Stanford Players' produc
tion of "Macbeth" Thursday, Fri
day, and Saturday nights, Nov. 7,
8, and 9. are asked to call Sharon
Nuss, head usher, immediately at
Lugunita 22151.
All kiils interested in ushering
for the Stanford Players' produc
tion of "Macbeth" Thursday, Fri
day, and Saturday nights, Nov. 7,
8, and 9. are asked to call Sharon
Nuss, head usher, immediately at
Lugunita 22151.
All kiils interested in ushering
for the Stanford Players' produc
tion of "Macbeth" Thursday, Fri
day, and Saturday nights, Nov. 7,
8, and 9. are asked to call Sharon
Nuss, head usher, immediately at
Lugunita 22151.
All kiils interested in ushering
for the Stanford Players' produc
tion of "Macbeth" Thursday, Fri
day, and Saturday nights, Nov. 7,
8, and 9. are asked to call Sharon
Nuss, head usher, immediately at
Lugunita 22151.
All kiils interested in ushering
for the Stanford Players' produc
tion of "Macbeth" Thursday, Fri
day, and Saturday nights, Nov. 7,
8, and 9. are asked to call Sharon
Nuss, head usher, immediately at
Lugunita 22151.
All kiils interested in ushering
for the Stanford Players' produc
tion of "Macbeth" Thursday, Fri
day, and Saturday nights, Nov. 7,
8, and 9. are asked to call Sharon
Nuss, head usher, immediately at
Lugunita 22151.
All kiils interested in ushering
for the Stanford Players' produc
tion of "Macbeth" Thursday, Fri
day, and Saturday nights, Nov. 7,
8, and 9. are asked to call Sharon
Nuss, head usher, immediately at
Lugunita 22151.
All kiils interested in ushering
for the Stanford Players' produc
tion of "Macbeth" Thursday, Fri
day, and Saturday nights, Nov. 7,
8, and 9. are asked to call Sharon
Nuss, head usher, immediately at
Lugunita 22151.
All kiils interested in ushering
for the Stanford Players' produc
tion of "Macbeth" Thursday, Fri
day, and Saturday nights, Nov. 7,
8, and 9. are asked to call Sharon
Nuss, head usher, immediately at
Lugunita 22151.
All kiils interested in ushering
for the Stanford Players' produc
tion of "Macbeth" Thursday, Fri
day, and Saturday nights, Nov. 7,
8, and 9. are asked to call Sharon
Nuss, head usher, immediately at
Lugunita 22151.
All kiils interested in ushering
for the Stanford Players' produc
tion of "Macbeth" Thursday, Fri
day, and Saturday nights, Nov. 7,
8, and 9. are asked to call Sharon
Nuss, head usher, immediately at
Lugunita 22151.
All kiils interested in ushering
for the Stanford Players' produc
tion of "Macbeth" Thursday, Fri
day, and Saturday nights, Nov. 7,
8, and 9. are asked to call Sharon
Nuss, head usher, immediately at
Lugunita 22151.
