# INSIDE
## 
### 
For Whom the Bell Tolls
Cal loses to the men's vol
leyball team in three
straight games.
See Sports, page 11

A Farewell to Arms
James Baker and Tariq Aziz
arrive in Geneva for talks
today.
See World & Nation, page 3

A Moveable Feast
Got the muchies? Here's
how to order fast food
healthfully.
See Science, page 7

For Whom the Bell Tolls
Cal loses to the men's vol
leyball team in three
straight games.
See Sports, page 11

A Farewell to Arms
James Baker and Tariq Aziz
arrive in Geneva for talks
today.
See World & Nation, page 3

A Moveable Feast
Got the muchies? Here's
how to order fast food
healthfully.
See Science, page 7

For Whom the Bell Tolls
Cal loses to the men's vol
leyball team in three
straight games.
See Sports, page 11

A Farewell to Arms
James Baker and Tariq Aziz
arrive in Geneva for talks
today.
See World & Nation, page 3

A Moveable Feast
Got the muchies? Here's
how to order fast food
healthfully.
See Science, page 7

For Whom the Bell Tolls
Cal loses to the men's vol
leyball team in three
straight games.
See Sports, page 11

A Farewell to Arms
James Baker and Tariq Aziz
arrive in Geneva for talks
today.
See World & Nation, page 3

A Moveable Feast
Got the muchies? Here's
how to order fast food
healthfully.
See Science, page 7

For Whom the Bell Tolls
Cal loses to the men's vol
leyball team in three
straight games.
See Sports, page 11

A Farewell to Arms
James Baker and Tariq Aziz
arrive in Geneva for talks
today.
See World & Nation, page 3

A Moveable Feast
Got the muchies? Here's
how to order fast food
healthfully.
See Science, page 7

For Whom the Bell Tolls
Cal loses to the men's vol
leyball team in three
straight games.
See Sports, page 11

A Farewell to Arms
James Baker and Tariq Aziz
arrive in Geneva for talks
today.
See World & Nation, page 3

A Moveable Feast
Got the muchies? Here's
how to order fast food
healthfully.
See Science, page 7

For Whom the Bell Tolls
Cal loses to the men's vol
leyball team in three
straight games.
See Sports, page 11

A Farewell to Arms
James Baker and Tariq Aziz
arrive in Geneva for talks
today.
See World & Nation, page 3

A Moveable Feast
Got the muchies? Here's
how to order fast food
healthfully.
See Science, page 7

