# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
Travel
Arrangements
• AIRLINES
• RAILROADS
• STEAMSHIP
STUDENT TOURS
S.I.T.A.
STOP.
Eur-Cal
Amer. Express
and
Others
Personalized I raicl Counseling
f&TStes
TRAVEL SERVICE INC.
Shopping Center at Stanford
DAvcnport 4-1 691
DAvenport 1-1111
Travel
Arrangements
• AIRLINES
• RAILROADS
• STEAMSHIP
STUDENT TOURS
S.I.T.A.
STOP.
Eur-Cal
Amer. Express
and
Others
Personalized I raicl Counseling
f&TStes
TRAVEL SERVICE INC.
Shopping Center at Stanford
DAvcnport 4-1 691
DAvenport 1-1111
Travel
Arrangements
• AIRLINES
• RAILROADS
• STEAMSHIP
STUDENT TOURS
S.I.T.A.
STOP.
Eur-Cal
Amer. Express
and
Others
Personalized I raicl Counseling
f&TStes
TRAVEL SERVICE INC.
Shopping Center at Stanford
DAvcnport 4-1 691
DAvenport 1-1111
Travel
Arrangements
• AIRLINES
• RAILROADS
• STEAMSHIP
STUDENT TOURS
S.I.T.A.
STOP.
Eur-Cal
Amer. Express
and
Others
Personalized I raicl Counseling
f&TStes
TRAVEL SERVICE INC.
Shopping Center at Stanford
DAvcnport 4-1 691
DAvenport 1-1111
Travel
Arrangements
• AIRLINES
• RAILROADS
• STEAMSHIP
STUDENT TOURS
S.I.T.A.
STOP.
Eur-Cal
Amer. Express
and
Others
Personalized I raicl Counseling
f&TStes
TRAVEL SERVICE INC.
Shopping Center at Stanford
DAvcnport 4-1 691
DAvenport 1-1111
Travel
Arrangements
• AIRLINES
• RAILROADS
• STEAMSHIP
STUDENT TOURS
S.I.T.A.
STOP.
Eur-Cal
Amer. Express
and
Others
Personalized I raicl Counseling
f&TStes
TRAVEL SERVICE INC.
Shopping Center at Stanford
DAvcnport 4-1 691
DAvenport 1-1111
Travel
Arrangements
• AIRLINES
• RAILROADS
• STEAMSHIP
STUDENT TOURS
S.I.T.A.
STOP.
Eur-Cal
Amer. Express
and
Others
Personalized I raicl Counseling
f&TStes
TRAVEL SERVICE INC.
Shopping Center at Stanford
DAvcnport 4-1 691
DAvenport 1-1111
Travel
Arrangements
• AIRLINES
• RAILROADS
• STEAMSHIP
STUDENT TOURS
S.I.T.A.
STOP.
Eur-Cal
Amer. Express
and
Others
Personalized I raicl Counseling
f&TStes
TRAVEL SERVICE INC.
Shopping Center at Stanford
DAvcnport 4-1 691
DAvenport 1-1111
Travel
Arrangements
• AIRLINES
• RAILROADS
• STEAMSHIP
STUDENT TOURS
S.I.T.A.
STOP.
Eur-Cal
Amer. Express
and
Others
Personalized I raicl Counseling
f&TStes
TRAVEL SERVICE INC.
Shopping Center at Stanford
DAvcnport 4-1 691
DAvenport 1-1111
Travel
Arrangements
• AIRLINES
• RAILROADS
• STEAMSHIP
STUDENT TOURS
S.I.T.A.
STOP.
Eur-Cal
Amer. Express
and
Others
Personalized I raicl Counseling
f&TStes
TRAVEL SERVICE INC.
Shopping Center at Stanford
DAvcnport 4-1 691
DAvenport 1-1111
Travel
Arrangements
• AIRLINES
• RAILROADS
• STEAMSHIP
STUDENT TOURS
S.I.T.A.
STOP.
Eur-Cal
Amer. Express
and
Others
Personalized I raicl Counseling
f&TStes
TRAVEL SERVICE INC.
Shopping Center at Stanford
DAvcnport 4-1 691
DAvenport 1-1111
Travel
Arrangements
• AIRLINES
• RAILROADS
• STEAMSHIP
STUDENT TOURS
S.I.T.A.
STOP.
Eur-Cal
Amer. Express
and
Others
Personalized I raicl Counseling
f&TStes
TRAVEL SERVICE INC.
Shopping Center at Stanford
DAvcnport 4-1 691
DAvenport 1-1111
Travel
Arrangements
• AIRLINES
• RAILROADS
• STEAMSHIP
STUDENT TOURS
S.I.T.A.
STOP.
Eur-Cal
Amer. Express
and
Others
Personalized I raicl Counseling
f&TStes
TRAVEL SERVICE INC.
Shopping Center at Stanford
DAvcnport 4-1 691
DAvenport 1-1111
Travel
Arrangements
• AIRLINES
• RAILROADS
• STEAMSHIP
STUDENT TOURS
S.I.T.A.
STOP.
Eur-Cal
Amer. Express
and
Others
Personalized I raicl Counseling
f&TStes
TRAVEL SERVICE INC.
Shopping Center at Stanford
DAvcnport 4-1 691
DAvenport 1-1111
Travel
Arrangements
• AIRLINES
• RAILROADS
• STEAMSHIP
STUDENT TOURS
S.I.T.A.
STOP.
Eur-Cal
Amer. Express
and
Others
Personalized I raicl Counseling
f&TStes
TRAVEL SERVICE INC.
Shopping Center at Stanford
DAvcnport 4-1 691
DAvenport 1-1111
Travel
Arrangements
• AIRLINES
• RAILROADS
• STEAMSHIP
STUDENT TOURS
S.I.T.A.
STOP.
Eur-Cal
Amer. Express
and
Others
Personalized I raicl Counseling
f&TStes
TRAVEL SERVICE INC.
Shopping Center at Stanford
DAvcnport 4-1 691
DAvenport 1-1111
Travel
Arrangements
• AIRLINES
• RAILROADS
• STEAMSHIP
STUDENT TOURS
S.I.T.A.
STOP.
Eur-Cal
Amer. Express
and
Others
Personalized I raicl Counseling
f&TStes
TRAVEL SERVICE INC.
Shopping Center at Stanford
DAvcnport 4-1 691
DAvenport 1-1111
