# Untitled Article
## 
### 
There will be si meeting for
all Daily staff' members at I
p.m. in room 320 (» eoI o g y
Corner on Sunday. This meet
int; is mandatory. Quad photog
raphers will he present to take
pictures of the staff for the
yearbook. Coat and tie are not
necessary.
There will be si meeting for
all Daily staff' members at I
p.m. in room 320 (» eoI o g y
Corner on Sunday. This meet
int; is mandatory. Quad photog
raphers will he present to take
pictures of the staff for the
yearbook. Coat and tie are not
necessary.
There will be si meeting for
all Daily staff' members at I
p.m. in room 320 (» eoI o g y
Corner on Sunday. This meet
int; is mandatory. Quad photog
raphers will he present to take
pictures of the staff for the
yearbook. Coat and tie are not
necessary.
There will be si meeting for
all Daily staff' members at I
p.m. in room 320 (» eoI o g y
Corner on Sunday. This meet
int; is mandatory. Quad photog
raphers will he present to take
pictures of the staff for the
yearbook. Coat and tie are not
necessary.
There will be si meeting for
all Daily staff' members at I
p.m. in room 320 (» eoI o g y
Corner on Sunday. This meet
int; is mandatory. Quad photog
raphers will he present to take
pictures of the staff for the
yearbook. Coat and tie are not
necessary.
There will be si meeting for
all Daily staff' members at I
p.m. in room 320 (» eoI o g y
Corner on Sunday. This meet
int; is mandatory. Quad photog
raphers will he present to take
pictures of the staff for the
yearbook. Coat and tie are not
necessary.
There will be si meeting for
all Daily staff' members at I
p.m. in room 320 (» eoI o g y
Corner on Sunday. This meet
int; is mandatory. Quad photog
raphers will he present to take
pictures of the staff for the
yearbook. Coat and tie are not
necessary.
There will be si meeting for
all Daily staff' members at I
p.m. in room 320 (» eoI o g y
Corner on Sunday. This meet
int; is mandatory. Quad photog
raphers will he present to take
pictures of the staff for the
yearbook. Coat and tie are not
necessary.
There will be si meeting for
all Daily staff' members at I
p.m. in room 320 (» eoI o g y
Corner on Sunday. This meet
int; is mandatory. Quad photog
raphers will he present to take
pictures of the staff for the
yearbook. Coat and tie are not
necessary.
There will be si meeting for
all Daily staff' members at I
p.m. in room 320 (» eoI o g y
Corner on Sunday. This meet
int; is mandatory. Quad photog
raphers will he present to take
pictures of the staff for the
yearbook. Coat and tie are not
necessary.
There will be si meeting for
all Daily staff' members at I
p.m. in room 320 (» eoI o g y
Corner on Sunday. This meet
int; is mandatory. Quad photog
raphers will he present to take
pictures of the staff for the
yearbook. Coat and tie are not
necessary.
There will be si meeting for
all Daily staff' members at I
p.m. in room 320 (» eoI o g y
Corner on Sunday. This meet
int; is mandatory. Quad photog
raphers will he present to take
pictures of the staff for the
yearbook. Coat and tie are not
necessary.
There will be si meeting for
all Daily staff' members at I
p.m. in room 320 (» eoI o g y
Corner on Sunday. This meet
int; is mandatory. Quad photog
raphers will he present to take
pictures of the staff for the
yearbook. Coat and tie are not
necessary.
There will be si meeting for
all Daily staff' members at I
p.m. in room 320 (» eoI o g y
Corner on Sunday. This meet
int; is mandatory. Quad photog
raphers will he present to take
pictures of the staff for the
yearbook. Coat and tie are not
necessary.
There will be si meeting for
all Daily staff' members at I
p.m. in room 320 (» eoI o g y
Corner on Sunday. This meet
int; is mandatory. Quad photog
raphers will he present to take
pictures of the staff for the
yearbook. Coat and tie are not
necessary.
There will be si meeting for
all Daily staff' members at I
p.m. in room 320 (» eoI o g y
Corner on Sunday. This meet
int; is mandatory. Quad photog
raphers will he present to take
pictures of the staff for the
yearbook. Coat and tie are not
necessary.
There will be si meeting for
all Daily staff' members at I
p.m. in room 320 (» eoI o g y
Corner on Sunday. This meet
int; is mandatory. Quad photog
raphers will he present to take
pictures of the staff for the
yearbook. Coat and tie are not
necessary.
