# Adv. 23 Page 7
## 
### 
IGNORE
H GH BLOOD
PRESSURE
AND YOUR
NUMBER
COULD BE UP.
My the problem,
you could raise not only your
blood pressure but your risk
of heart attack and stroke as
well. And once that hap|>ens,
your number could be up for
good. To learn more, contact
your nearest American Heart
Association.
You ran help prevent heart
disease and stroke We can tell
you how.
American Heart £ J|
Association
IGNORE
H GH BLOOD
PRESSURE
AND YOUR
NUMBER
COULD BE UP.
My the problem,
you could raise not only your
blood pressure but your risk
of heart attack and stroke as
well. And once that hap|>ens,
your number could be up for
good. To learn more, contact
your nearest American Heart
Association.
You ran help prevent heart
disease and stroke We can tell
you how.
American Heart £ J|
Association
IGNORE
H GH BLOOD
PRESSURE
AND YOUR
NUMBER
COULD BE UP.
My the problem,
you could raise not only your
blood pressure but your risk
of heart attack and stroke as
well. And once that hap|>ens,
your number could be up for
good. To learn more, contact
your nearest American Heart
Association.
You ran help prevent heart
disease and stroke We can tell
you how.
American Heart £ J|
Association
IGNORE
H GH BLOOD
PRESSURE
AND YOUR
NUMBER
COULD BE UP.
My the problem,
you could raise not only your
blood pressure but your risk
of heart attack and stroke as
well. And once that hap|>ens,
your number could be up for
good. To learn more, contact
your nearest American Heart
Association.
You ran help prevent heart
disease and stroke We can tell
you how.
American Heart £ J|
Association
IGNORE
H GH BLOOD
PRESSURE
AND YOUR
NUMBER
COULD BE UP.
My the problem,
you could raise not only your
blood pressure but your risk
of heart attack and stroke as
well. And once that hap|>ens,
your number could be up for
good. To learn more, contact
your nearest American Heart
Association.
You ran help prevent heart
disease and stroke We can tell
you how.
American Heart £ J|
Association
IGNORE
H GH BLOOD
PRESSURE
AND YOUR
NUMBER
COULD BE UP.
My the problem,
you could raise not only your
blood pressure but your risk
of heart attack and stroke as
well. And once that hap|>ens,
your number could be up for
good. To learn more, contact
your nearest American Heart
Association.
You ran help prevent heart
disease and stroke We can tell
you how.
American Heart £ J|
Association
IGNORE
H GH BLOOD
PRESSURE
AND YOUR
NUMBER
COULD BE UP.
My the problem,
you could raise not only your
blood pressure but your risk
of heart attack and stroke as
well. And once that hap|>ens,
your number could be up for
good. To learn more, contact
your nearest American Heart
Association.
You ran help prevent heart
disease and stroke We can tell
you how.
American Heart £ J|
Association
