# Photo caption unfairly reinforces stereotypes
## 
### 
A picture is worth a thousand
words. A random photograph with a
caption "Indian Police use a water can
non to disperse workers of India's rul
ing congress party during an anti-U.S.
demonstration in New Delhi" does not
do justice to India. It paints a gloomy

picture of rife, confusion and terror
without any deep analysis of the situa
tion, and only contributes to the west
ern stereotype of India as an exotic
country, populated by snake-charmers
and mendicants, but otherwise full of
depravation and far from civilized.
Not only does the photograph
strengthen this stereotype, but the
caption which follows prominently
mentions an anti-U.S. stance taken by
the ruling party. I'm not sure that the

economic reforms announced in the
recent past by the finance minister,
also a member of the ruling party, and
a leading economist, which acknowl
edged the insularity prevalent in the
Indian industry and attempted to
break from it, received the same level
of coverage.
India is not just a bunch of snake
charmers, mendicants and religious
fanatics, but is populated by a fair
share of sane, secular and rational-

minded intellectuals who do acknowl
edge the Western work ethos and are
willing to embrace it. I do wish The
Daily, in keeping with its reputation,
would resort to articles of a more
intellectual nature, when analyzing a
country as complex as India, rather
than resort to tools as simplistic as
pictures.
Srinivasan Venkatesan
Graduate student,
computer science
