# SIGMA, NU PLEDGE
## 
### 
Intcrfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Bill Rider to Sigma
Nu.
Nearly 1000 people in England are
rearing mice as a vocation.
Intcrfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Bill Rider to Sigma
Nu.
Nearly 1000 people in England are
rearing mice as a vocation.
Intcrfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Bill Rider to Sigma
Nu.
Nearly 1000 people in England are
rearing mice as a vocation.
Intcrfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Bill Rider to Sigma
Nu.
Nearly 1000 people in England are
rearing mice as a vocation.
Intcrfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Bill Rider to Sigma
Nu.
Nearly 1000 people in England are
rearing mice as a vocation.
Intcrfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Bill Rider to Sigma
Nu.
Nearly 1000 people in England are
rearing mice as a vocation.
Intcrfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Bill Rider to Sigma
Nu.
Nearly 1000 people in England are
rearing mice as a vocation.
Intcrfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Bill Rider to Sigma
Nu.
Nearly 1000 people in England are
rearing mice as a vocation.
Intcrfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Bill Rider to Sigma
Nu.
Nearly 1000 people in England are
rearing mice as a vocation.
Intcrfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Bill Rider to Sigma
Nu.
Nearly 1000 people in England are
rearing mice as a vocation.
Intcrfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Bill Rider to Sigma
Nu.
Nearly 1000 people in England are
rearing mice as a vocation.
Intcrfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Bill Rider to Sigma
Nu.
Nearly 1000 people in England are
rearing mice as a vocation.
Intcrfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Bill Rider to Sigma
Nu.
Nearly 1000 people in England are
rearing mice as a vocation.
Intcrfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Bill Rider to Sigma
Nu.
Nearly 1000 people in England are
rearing mice as a vocation.
Intcrfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Bill Rider to Sigma
Nu.
Nearly 1000 people in England are
rearing mice as a vocation.
