# Seminary Head To Preach Sunday
## 
### 
The Reverend John A. Mackay,
president emeritus of Princeton
Theological Seminary, will de
liver a sermon entitled "What Do
You Think of Christ" at the 11
a.m. service in Memorial Church
Sunday.
Immediately following the serv
ice, students may meet the theol
ogian at an informal coffee hour
at Bowman Alumni House.
Mackay, an honorary fellow of
the University, will speak today
to students on "The World
Church" at 11 a.m. in Room 51P.
The past president graduated
from Ihe University of Aberdeen,
Scotland, and has attended uni
versities in Peru, India, and
Spain. He is a past president of
the World Presbyterian Alliance
and was moderator of the Gen
eral Assembly of the Presbyte
rian Church, U.S.A.
Reverend John Tirrell, the new
assistant chaplain at Stanford,
will conduct the service, as Chap
lain Robert Minto will speak at
the University of Chicago.
The Reverend John A. Mackay,
president emeritus of Princeton
Theological Seminary, will de
liver a sermon entitled "What Do
You Think of Christ" at the 11
a.m. service in Memorial Church
Sunday.
Immediately following the serv
ice, students may meet the theol
ogian at an informal coffee hour
at Bowman Alumni House.
Mackay, an honorary fellow of
the University, will speak today
to students on "The World
Church" at 11 a.m. in Room 51P.
The past president graduated
from Ihe University of Aberdeen,
Scotland, and has attended uni
versities in Peru, India, and
Spain. He is a past president of
the World Presbyterian Alliance
and was moderator of the Gen
eral Assembly of the Presbyte
rian Church, U.S.A.
Reverend John Tirrell, the new
assistant chaplain at Stanford,
will conduct the service, as Chap
lain Robert Minto will speak at
the University of Chicago.
The Reverend John A. Mackay,
president emeritus of Princeton
Theological Seminary, will de
liver a sermon entitled "What Do
You Think of Christ" at the 11
a.m. service in Memorial Church
Sunday.
Immediately following the serv
ice, students may meet the theol
ogian at an informal coffee hour
at Bowman Alumni House.
Mackay, an honorary fellow of
the University, will speak today
to students on "The World
Church" at 11 a.m. in Room 51P.
The past president graduated
from Ihe University of Aberdeen,
Scotland, and has attended uni
versities in Peru, India, and
Spain. He is a past president of
the World Presbyterian Alliance
and was moderator of the Gen
eral Assembly of the Presbyte
rian Church, U.S.A.
Reverend John Tirrell, the new
assistant chaplain at Stanford,
will conduct the service, as Chap
lain Robert Minto will speak at
the University of Chicago.
The Reverend John A. Mackay,
president emeritus of Princeton
Theological Seminary, will de
liver a sermon entitled "What Do
You Think of Christ" at the 11
a.m. service in Memorial Church
Sunday.
Immediately following the serv
ice, students may meet the theol
ogian at an informal coffee hour
at Bowman Alumni House.
Mackay, an honorary fellow of
the University, will speak today
to students on "The World
Church" at 11 a.m. in Room 51P.
The past president graduated
from Ihe University of Aberdeen,
Scotland, and has attended uni
versities in Peru, India, and
Spain. He is a past president of
the World Presbyterian Alliance
and was moderator of the Gen
eral Assembly of the Presbyte
rian Church, U.S.A.
Reverend John Tirrell, the new
assistant chaplain at Stanford,
will conduct the service, as Chap
lain Robert Minto will speak at
the University of Chicago.
The Reverend John A. Mackay,
president emeritus of Princeton
Theological Seminary, will de
liver a sermon entitled "What Do
You Think of Christ" at the 11
a.m. service in Memorial Church
Sunday.
Immediately following the serv
ice, students may meet the theol
ogian at an informal coffee hour
at Bowman Alumni House.
Mackay, an honorary fellow of
the University, will speak today
to students on "The World
Church" at 11 a.m. in Room 51P.
The past president graduated
from Ihe University of Aberdeen,
Scotland, and has attended uni
versities in Peru, India, and
Spain. He is a past president of
the World Presbyterian Alliance
and was moderator of the Gen
eral Assembly of the Presbyte
rian Church, U.S.A.
Reverend John Tirrell, the new
assistant chaplain at Stanford,
will conduct the service, as Chap
lain Robert Minto will speak at
the University of Chicago.
The Reverend John A. Mackay,
president emeritus of Princeton
Theological Seminary, will de
liver a sermon entitled "What Do
You Think of Christ" at the 11
a.m. service in Memorial Church
Sunday.
Immediately following the serv
ice, students may meet the theol
ogian at an informal coffee hour
at Bowman Alumni House.
Mackay, an honorary fellow of
the University, will speak today
to students on "The World
Church" at 11 a.m. in Room 51P.
The past president graduated
from Ihe University of Aberdeen,
Scotland, and has attended uni
versities in Peru, India, and
Spain. He is a past president of
the World Presbyterian Alliance
and was moderator of the Gen
eral Assembly of the Presbyte
rian Church, U.S.A.
Reverend John Tirrell, the new
assistant chaplain at Stanford,
will conduct the service, as Chap
lain Robert Minto will speak at
the University of Chicago.
The Reverend John A. Mackay,
president emeritus of Princeton
Theological Seminary, will de
liver a sermon entitled "What Do
You Think of Christ" at the 11
a.m. service in Memorial Church
Sunday.
Immediately following the serv
ice, students may meet the theol
ogian at an informal coffee hour
at Bowman Alumni House.
Mackay, an honorary fellow of
the University, will speak today
to students on "The World
Church" at 11 a.m. in Room 51P.
The past president graduated
from Ihe University of Aberdeen,
Scotland, and has attended uni
versities in Peru, India, and
Spain. He is a past president of
the World Presbyterian Alliance
and was moderator of the Gen
eral Assembly of the Presbyte
rian Church, U.S.A.
Reverend John Tirrell, the new
assistant chaplain at Stanford,
will conduct the service, as Chap
lain Robert Minto will speak at
the University of Chicago.
The Reverend John A. Mackay,
president emeritus of Princeton
Theological Seminary, will de
liver a sermon entitled "What Do
You Think of Christ" at the 11
a.m. service in Memorial Church
Sunday.
Immediately following the serv
ice, students may meet the theol
ogian at an informal coffee hour
at Bowman Alumni House.
Mackay, an honorary fellow of
the University, will speak today
to students on "The World
Church" at 11 a.m. in Room 51P.
The past president graduated
from Ihe University of Aberdeen,
Scotland, and has attended uni
versities in Peru, India, and
Spain. He is a past president of
the World Presbyterian Alliance
and was moderator of the Gen
eral Assembly of the Presbyte
rian Church, U.S.A.
Reverend John Tirrell, the new
assistant chaplain at Stanford,
will conduct the service, as Chap
lain Robert Minto will speak at
the University of Chicago.
The Reverend John A. Mackay,
president emeritus of Princeton
Theological Seminary, will de
liver a sermon entitled "What Do
You Think of Christ" at the 11
a.m. service in Memorial Church
Sunday.
Immediately following the serv
ice, students may meet the theol
ogian at an informal coffee hour
at Bowman Alumni House.
Mackay, an honorary fellow of
the University, will speak today
to students on "The World
Church" at 11 a.m. in Room 51P.
The past president graduated
from Ihe University of Aberdeen,
Scotland, and has attended uni
versities in Peru, India, and
Spain. He is a past president of
the World Presbyterian Alliance
and was moderator of the Gen
eral Assembly of the Presbyte
rian Church, U.S.A.
Reverend John Tirrell, the new
assistant chaplain at Stanford,
will conduct the service, as Chap
lain Robert Minto will speak at
the University of Chicago.
The Reverend John A. Mackay,
president emeritus of Princeton
Theological Seminary, will de
liver a sermon entitled "What Do
You Think of Christ" at the 11
a.m. service in Memorial Church
Sunday.
Immediately following the serv
ice, students may meet the theol
ogian at an informal coffee hour
at Bowman Alumni House.
Mackay, an honorary fellow of
the University, will speak today
to students on "The World
Church" at 11 a.m. in Room 51P.
The past president graduated
from Ihe University of Aberdeen,
Scotland, and has attended uni
versities in Peru, India, and
Spain. He is a past president of
the World Presbyterian Alliance
and was moderator of the Gen
eral Assembly of the Presbyte
rian Church, U.S.A.
Reverend John Tirrell, the new
assistant chaplain at Stanford,
will conduct the service, as Chap
lain Robert Minto will speak at
the University of Chicago.
The Reverend John A. Mackay,
president emeritus of Princeton
Theological Seminary, will de
liver a sermon entitled "What Do
You Think of Christ" at the 11
a.m. service in Memorial Church
Sunday.
Immediately following the serv
ice, students may meet the theol
ogian at an informal coffee hour
at Bowman Alumni House.
Mackay, an honorary fellow of
the University, will speak today
to students on "The World
Church" at 11 a.m. in Room 51P.
The past president graduated
from Ihe University of Aberdeen,
Scotland, and has attended uni
versities in Peru, India, and
Spain. He is a past president of
the World Presbyterian Alliance
and was moderator of the Gen
eral Assembly of the Presbyte
rian Church, U.S.A.
Reverend John Tirrell, the new
assistant chaplain at Stanford,
will conduct the service, as Chap
lain Robert Minto will speak at
the University of Chicago.
The Reverend John A. Mackay,
president emeritus of Princeton
Theological Seminary, will de
liver a sermon entitled "What Do
You Think of Christ" at the 11
a.m. service in Memorial Church
Sunday.
Immediately following the serv
ice, students may meet the theol
ogian at an informal coffee hour
at Bowman Alumni House.
Mackay, an honorary fellow of
the University, will speak today
to students on "The World
Church" at 11 a.m. in Room 51P.
The past president graduated
from Ihe University of Aberdeen,
Scotland, and has attended uni
versities in Peru, India, and
Spain. He is a past president of
the World Presbyterian Alliance
and was moderator of the Gen
eral Assembly of the Presbyte
rian Church, U.S.A.
Reverend John Tirrell, the new
assistant chaplain at Stanford,
will conduct the service, as Chap
lain Robert Minto will speak at
the University of Chicago.
The Reverend John A. Mackay,
president emeritus of Princeton
Theological Seminary, will de
liver a sermon entitled "What Do
You Think of Christ" at the 11
a.m. service in Memorial Church
Sunday.
Immediately following the serv
ice, students may meet the theol
ogian at an informal coffee hour
at Bowman Alumni House.
Mackay, an honorary fellow of
the University, will speak today
to students on "The World
Church" at 11 a.m. in Room 51P.
The past president graduated
from Ihe University of Aberdeen,
Scotland, and has attended uni
versities in Peru, India, and
Spain. He is a past president of
the World Presbyterian Alliance
and was moderator of the Gen
eral Assembly of the Presbyte
rian Church, U.S.A.
Reverend John Tirrell, the new
assistant chaplain at Stanford,
will conduct the service, as Chap
lain Robert Minto will speak at
the University of Chicago.
The Reverend John A. Mackay,
president emeritus of Princeton
Theological Seminary, will de
liver a sermon entitled "What Do
You Think of Christ" at the 11
a.m. service in Memorial Church
Sunday.
Immediately following the serv
ice, students may meet the theol
ogian at an informal coffee hour
at Bowman Alumni House.
Mackay, an honorary fellow of
the University, will speak today
to students on "The World
Church" at 11 a.m. in Room 51P.
The past president graduated
from Ihe University of Aberdeen,
Scotland, and has attended uni
versities in Peru, India, and
Spain. He is a past president of
the World Presbyterian Alliance
and was moderator of the Gen
eral Assembly of the Presbyte
rian Church, U.S.A.
Reverend John Tirrell, the new
assistant chaplain at Stanford,
will conduct the service, as Chap
lain Robert Minto will speak at
the University of Chicago.
The Reverend John A. Mackay,
president emeritus of Princeton
Theological Seminary, will de
liver a sermon entitled "What Do
You Think of Christ" at the 11
a.m. service in Memorial Church
Sunday.
Immediately following the serv
ice, students may meet the theol
ogian at an informal coffee hour
at Bowman Alumni House.
Mackay, an honorary fellow of
the University, will speak today
to students on "The World
Church" at 11 a.m. in Room 51P.
The past president graduated
from Ihe University of Aberdeen,
Scotland, and has attended uni
versities in Peru, India, and
Spain. He is a past president of
the World Presbyterian Alliance
and was moderator of the Gen
eral Assembly of the Presbyte
rian Church, U.S.A.
Reverend John Tirrell, the new
assistant chaplain at Stanford,
will conduct the service, as Chap
lain Robert Minto will speak at
the University of Chicago.
The Reverend John A. Mackay,
president emeritus of Princeton
Theological Seminary, will de
liver a sermon entitled "What Do
You Think of Christ" at the 11
a.m. service in Memorial Church
Sunday.
Immediately following the serv
ice, students may meet the theol
ogian at an informal coffee hour
at Bowman Alumni House.
Mackay, an honorary fellow of
the University, will speak today
to students on "The World
Church" at 11 a.m. in Room 51P.
The past president graduated
from Ihe University of Aberdeen,
Scotland, and has attended uni
versities in Peru, India, and
Spain. He is a past president of
the World Presbyterian Alliance
and was moderator of the Gen
eral Assembly of the Presbyte
rian Church, U.S.A.
Reverend John Tirrell, the new
assistant chaplain at Stanford,
will conduct the service, as Chap
lain Robert Minto will speak at
the University of Chicago.
The Reverend John A. Mackay,
president emeritus of Princeton
Theological Seminary, will de
liver a sermon entitled "What Do
You Think of Christ" at the 11
a.m. service in Memorial Church
Sunday.
Immediately following the serv
ice, students may meet the theol
ogian at an informal coffee hour
at Bowman Alumni House.
Mackay, an honorary fellow of
the University, will speak today
to students on "The World
Church" at 11 a.m. in Room 51P.
The past president graduated
from Ihe University of Aberdeen,
Scotland, and has attended uni
versities in Peru, India, and
Spain. He is a past president of
the World Presbyterian Alliance
and was moderator of the Gen
eral Assembly of the Presbyte
rian Church, U.S.A.
Reverend John Tirrell, the new
assistant chaplain at Stanford,
will conduct the service, as Chap
lain Robert Minto will speak at
the University of Chicago.
The Reverend John A. Mackay,
president emeritus of Princeton
Theological Seminary, will de
liver a sermon entitled "What Do
You Think of Christ" at the 11
a.m. service in Memorial Church
Sunday.
Immediately following the serv
ice, students may meet the theol
ogian at an informal coffee hour
at Bowman Alumni House.
Mackay, an honorary fellow of
the University, will speak today
to students on "The World
Church" at 11 a.m. in Room 51P.
The past president graduated
from Ihe University of Aberdeen,
Scotland, and has attended uni
versities in Peru, India, and
Spain. He is a past president of
the World Presbyterian Alliance
and was moderator of the Gen
eral Assembly of the Presbyte
rian Church, U.S.A.
Reverend John Tirrell, the new
assistant chaplain at Stanford,
will conduct the service, as Chap
lain Robert Minto will speak at
the University of Chicago.
