# IIR Center Hosts 'Western Fireside'
## 
### 
The Host Department of tho
Institute of International Rela
tions will present a "Western
Fireside" tomorrow at H p.m. at
the International Center across
from Dinkelspiel Auditorium.
There will be square dancing,
called by Tony Chan, singing, and
western - style refreshments.
Guests are asked to wear western
costumes if possible. All foreign
and American students rue in
vited.
The Host Department of tho
Institute of International Rela
tions will present a "Western
Fireside" tomorrow at H p.m. at
the International Center across
from Dinkelspiel Auditorium.
There will be square dancing,
called by Tony Chan, singing, and
western - style refreshments.
Guests are asked to wear western
costumes if possible. All foreign
and American students rue in
vited.
The Host Department of tho
Institute of International Rela
tions will present a "Western
Fireside" tomorrow at H p.m. at
the International Center across
from Dinkelspiel Auditorium.
There will be square dancing,
called by Tony Chan, singing, and
western - style refreshments.
Guests are asked to wear western
costumes if possible. All foreign
and American students rue in
vited.
The Host Department of tho
Institute of International Rela
tions will present a "Western
Fireside" tomorrow at H p.m. at
the International Center across
from Dinkelspiel Auditorium.
There will be square dancing,
called by Tony Chan, singing, and
western - style refreshments.
Guests are asked to wear western
costumes if possible. All foreign
and American students rue in
vited.
The Host Department of tho
Institute of International Rela
tions will present a "Western
Fireside" tomorrow at H p.m. at
the International Center across
from Dinkelspiel Auditorium.
There will be square dancing,
called by Tony Chan, singing, and
western - style refreshments.
Guests are asked to wear western
costumes if possible. All foreign
and American students rue in
vited.
The Host Department of tho
Institute of International Rela
tions will present a "Western
Fireside" tomorrow at H p.m. at
the International Center across
from Dinkelspiel Auditorium.
There will be square dancing,
called by Tony Chan, singing, and
western - style refreshments.
Guests are asked to wear western
costumes if possible. All foreign
and American students rue in
vited.
The Host Department of tho
Institute of International Rela
tions will present a "Western
Fireside" tomorrow at H p.m. at
the International Center across
from Dinkelspiel Auditorium.
There will be square dancing,
called by Tony Chan, singing, and
western - style refreshments.
Guests are asked to wear western
costumes if possible. All foreign
and American students rue in
vited.
The Host Department of tho
Institute of International Rela
tions will present a "Western
Fireside" tomorrow at H p.m. at
the International Center across
from Dinkelspiel Auditorium.
There will be square dancing,
called by Tony Chan, singing, and
western - style refreshments.
Guests are asked to wear western
costumes if possible. All foreign
and American students rue in
vited.
The Host Department of tho
Institute of International Rela
tions will present a "Western
Fireside" tomorrow at H p.m. at
the International Center across
from Dinkelspiel Auditorium.
There will be square dancing,
called by Tony Chan, singing, and
western - style refreshments.
Guests are asked to wear western
costumes if possible. All foreign
and American students rue in
vited.
The Host Department of tho
Institute of International Rela
tions will present a "Western
Fireside" tomorrow at H p.m. at
the International Center across
from Dinkelspiel Auditorium.
There will be square dancing,
called by Tony Chan, singing, and
western - style refreshments.
Guests are asked to wear western
costumes if possible. All foreign
and American students rue in
vited.
The Host Department of tho
Institute of International Rela
tions will present a "Western
Fireside" tomorrow at H p.m. at
the International Center across
from Dinkelspiel Auditorium.
There will be square dancing,
called by Tony Chan, singing, and
western - style refreshments.
Guests are asked to wear western
costumes if possible. All foreign
and American students rue in
vited.
The Host Department of tho
Institute of International Rela
tions will present a "Western
Fireside" tomorrow at H p.m. at
the International Center across
from Dinkelspiel Auditorium.
There will be square dancing,
called by Tony Chan, singing, and
western - style refreshments.
Guests are asked to wear western
costumes if possible. All foreign
and American students rue in
vited.
The Host Department of tho
Institute of International Rela
tions will present a "Western
Fireside" tomorrow at H p.m. at
the International Center across
from Dinkelspiel Auditorium.
There will be square dancing,
called by Tony Chan, singing, and
western - style refreshments.
Guests are asked to wear western
costumes if possible. All foreign
and American students rue in
vited.
The Host Department of tho
Institute of International Rela
tions will present a "Western
Fireside" tomorrow at H p.m. at
the International Center across
from Dinkelspiel Auditorium.
There will be square dancing,
called by Tony Chan, singing, and
western - style refreshments.
Guests are asked to wear western
costumes if possible. All foreign
and American students rue in
vited.
The Host Department of tho
Institute of International Rela
tions will present a "Western
Fireside" tomorrow at H p.m. at
the International Center across
from Dinkelspiel Auditorium.
There will be square dancing,
called by Tony Chan, singing, and
western - style refreshments.
Guests are asked to wear western
costumes if possible. All foreign
and American students rue in
vited.
The Host Department of tho
Institute of International Rela
tions will present a "Western
Fireside" tomorrow at H p.m. at
the International Center across
from Dinkelspiel Auditorium.
There will be square dancing,
called by Tony Chan, singing, and
western - style refreshments.
Guests are asked to wear western
costumes if possible. All foreign
and American students rue in
vited.
The Host Department of tho
Institute of International Rela
tions will present a "Western
Fireside" tomorrow at H p.m. at
the International Center across
from Dinkelspiel Auditorium.
There will be square dancing,
called by Tony Chan, singing, and
western - style refreshments.
Guests are asked to wear western
costumes if possible. All foreign
and American students rue in
vited.
The Host Department of tho
Institute of International Rela
tions will present a "Western
Fireside" tomorrow at H p.m. at
the International Center across
from Dinkelspiel Auditorium.
There will be square dancing,
called by Tony Chan, singing, and
western - style refreshments.
Guests are asked to wear western
costumes if possible. All foreign
and American students rue in
vited.
