# S.J. BARNETT RESIGNS
## Assistant Professor of Physics to Be Head of Department at Tulane University. 
### 
S. J. Burnett, assistant professor
of Physics, has resigned his posi
tion in Stanford University to ac
cept an offer from Tulane Univer
sity of Louisiana. At the begin
ning of next semester he will
assume charge of the physics depart
ment there. Tulane University is
located at New Orleans and is one
of the largest universities of the
South.
Professor Barnett graduated from
the University of Denver in 1894,
taking the degree of bachelor of
arts. P"or two years after leaving
Denver he waß at the astronomical
observatory of the University of
Virginia. During 1896 and 1897
he was a student at Cornell and in
1898 was elected to a fellowship.
The same year Professor Barnett
received from Cornell the degree of
doctor of philosophy. The next
yenr he was an instructor in Colo
rado College, and in 1900 was made
a professor there. From Colorado
Barnett came to Stanford. He has
specialized along the electrical line
and during 1903 published a book,
"A Treatise on Electrical Theory."
He is also the author of a number
of papers on physics, mostly elec
trical.
S. J. Burnett, assistant professor
of Physics, has resigned his posi
tion in Stanford University to ac
cept an offer from Tulane Univer
sity of Louisiana. At the begin
ning of next semester he will
assume charge of the physics depart
ment there. Tulane University is
located at New Orleans and is one
of the largest universities of the
South.
Professor Barnett graduated from
the University of Denver in 1894,
taking the degree of bachelor of
arts. P"or two years after leaving
Denver he waß at the astronomical
observatory of the University of
Virginia. During 1896 and 1897
he was a student at Cornell and in
1898 was elected to a fellowship.
The same year Professor Barnett
received from Cornell the degree of
doctor of philosophy. The next
yenr he was an instructor in Colo
rado College, and in 1900 was made
a professor there. From Colorado
Barnett came to Stanford. He has
specialized along the electrical line
and during 1903 published a book,
"A Treatise on Electrical Theory."
He is also the author of a number
of papers on physics, mostly elec
trical.
S. J. Burnett, assistant professor
of Physics, has resigned his posi
tion in Stanford University to ac
cept an offer from Tulane Univer
sity of Louisiana. At the begin
ning of next semester he will
assume charge of the physics depart
ment there. Tulane University is
located at New Orleans and is one
of the largest universities of the
South.
Professor Barnett graduated from
the University of Denver in 1894,
taking the degree of bachelor of
arts. P"or two years after leaving
Denver he waß at the astronomical
observatory of the University of
Virginia. During 1896 and 1897
he was a student at Cornell and in
1898 was elected to a fellowship.
The same year Professor Barnett
received from Cornell the degree of
doctor of philosophy. The next
yenr he was an instructor in Colo
rado College, and in 1900 was made
a professor there. From Colorado
Barnett came to Stanford. He has
specialized along the electrical line
and during 1903 published a book,
"A Treatise on Electrical Theory."
He is also the author of a number
of papers on physics, mostly elec
trical.
S. J. Burnett, assistant professor
of Physics, has resigned his posi
tion in Stanford University to ac
cept an offer from Tulane Univer
sity of Louisiana. At the begin
ning of next semester he will
assume charge of the physics depart
ment there. Tulane University is
located at New Orleans and is one
of the largest universities of the
South.
Professor Barnett graduated from
the University of Denver in 1894,
taking the degree of bachelor of
arts. P"or two years after leaving
Denver he waß at the astronomical
observatory of the University of
Virginia. During 1896 and 1897
he was a student at Cornell and in
1898 was elected to a fellowship.
The same year Professor Barnett
received from Cornell the degree of
doctor of philosophy. The next
yenr he was an instructor in Colo
rado College, and in 1900 was made
a professor there. From Colorado
Barnett came to Stanford. He has
specialized along the electrical line
and during 1903 published a book,
"A Treatise on Electrical Theory."
He is also the author of a number
of papers on physics, mostly elec
trical.
S. J. Burnett, assistant professor
of Physics, has resigned his posi
tion in Stanford University to ac
cept an offer from Tulane Univer
sity of Louisiana. At the begin
ning of next semester he will
assume charge of the physics depart
ment there. Tulane University is
located at New Orleans and is one
of the largest universities of the
South.
Professor Barnett graduated from
the University of Denver in 1894,
taking the degree of bachelor of
arts. P"or two years after leaving
Denver he waß at the astronomical
observatory of the University of
Virginia. During 1896 and 1897
he was a student at Cornell and in
1898 was elected to a fellowship.
The same year Professor Barnett
received from Cornell the degree of
doctor of philosophy. The next
yenr he was an instructor in Colo
rado College, and in 1900 was made
a professor there. From Colorado
Barnett came to Stanford. He has
specialized along the electrical line
and during 1903 published a book,
"A Treatise on Electrical Theory."
He is also the author of a number
of papers on physics, mostly elec
trical.
S. J. Burnett, assistant professor
of Physics, has resigned his posi
tion in Stanford University to ac
cept an offer from Tulane Univer
sity of Louisiana. At the begin
ning of next semester he will
assume charge of the physics depart
ment there. Tulane University is
located at New Orleans and is one
of the largest universities of the
South.
Professor Barnett graduated from
the University of Denver in 1894,
taking the degree of bachelor of
arts. P"or two years after leaving
Denver he waß at the astronomical
observatory of the University of
Virginia. During 1896 and 1897
he was a student at Cornell and in
1898 was elected to a fellowship.
The same year Professor Barnett
received from Cornell the degree of
doctor of philosophy. The next
yenr he was an instructor in Colo
rado College, and in 1900 was made
a professor there. From Colorado
Barnett came to Stanford. He has
specialized along the electrical line
and during 1903 published a book,
"A Treatise on Electrical Theory."
He is also the author of a number
of papers on physics, mostly elec
trical.
S. J. Burnett, assistant professor
of Physics, has resigned his posi
tion in Stanford University to ac
cept an offer from Tulane Univer
sity of Louisiana. At the begin
ning of next semester he will
assume charge of the physics depart
ment there. Tulane University is
located at New Orleans and is one
of the largest universities of the
South.
Professor Barnett graduated from
the University of Denver in 1894,
taking the degree of bachelor of
arts. P"or two years after leaving
Denver he waß at the astronomical
observatory of the University of
Virginia. During 1896 and 1897
he was a student at Cornell and in
1898 was elected to a fellowship.
The same year Professor Barnett
received from Cornell the degree of
doctor of philosophy. The next
yenr he was an instructor in Colo
rado College, and in 1900 was made
a professor there. From Colorado
Barnett came to Stanford. He has
specialized along the electrical line
and during 1903 published a book,
"A Treatise on Electrical Theory."
He is also the author of a number
of papers on physics, mostly elec
trical.
S. J. Burnett, assistant professor
of Physics, has resigned his posi
tion in Stanford University to ac
cept an offer from Tulane Univer
sity of Louisiana. At the begin
ning of next semester he will
assume charge of the physics depart
ment there. Tulane University is
located at New Orleans and is one
of the largest universities of the
South.
Professor Barnett graduated from
the University of Denver in 1894,
taking the degree of bachelor of
arts. P"or two years after leaving
Denver he waß at the astronomical
observatory of the University of
Virginia. During 1896 and 1897
he was a student at Cornell and in
1898 was elected to a fellowship.
The same year Professor Barnett
received from Cornell the degree of
doctor of philosophy. The next
yenr he was an instructor in Colo
rado College, and in 1900 was made
a professor there. From Colorado
Barnett came to Stanford. He has
specialized along the electrical line
and during 1903 published a book,
"A Treatise on Electrical Theory."
He is also the author of a number
of papers on physics, mostly elec
trical.
