# Tickets for Senior Ball on Sale.
## 
### 
About a hundred tickets for ad

mission to the Senior ball, which
will be held in the Encina club
roona on May 2'2d, were placed on
sale at the University Bookstore
this morning. Five dollars is the
price of admission as levied by the
committee. Tickets must be pur
chased on or before Friday, May 19.
About a hundred tickets for ad

mission to the Senior ball, which
will be held in the Encina club
roona on May 2'2d, were placed on
sale at the University Bookstore
this morning. Five dollars is the
price of admission as levied by the
committee. Tickets must be pur
chased on or before Friday, May 19.
About a hundred tickets for ad

mission to the Senior ball, which
will be held in the Encina club
roona on May 2'2d, were placed on
sale at the University Bookstore
this morning. Five dollars is the
price of admission as levied by the
committee. Tickets must be pur
chased on or before Friday, May 19.
About a hundred tickets for ad

mission to the Senior ball, which
will be held in the Encina club
roona on May 2'2d, were placed on
sale at the University Bookstore
this morning. Five dollars is the
price of admission as levied by the
committee. Tickets must be pur
chased on or before Friday, May 19.
About a hundred tickets for ad

mission to the Senior ball, which
will be held in the Encina club
roona on May 2'2d, were placed on
sale at the University Bookstore
this morning. Five dollars is the
price of admission as levied by the
committee. Tickets must be pur
chased on or before Friday, May 19.
About a hundred tickets for ad

mission to the Senior ball, which
will be held in the Encina club
roona on May 2'2d, were placed on
sale at the University Bookstore
this morning. Five dollars is the
price of admission as levied by the
committee. Tickets must be pur
chased on or before Friday, May 19.
About a hundred tickets for ad

mission to the Senior ball, which
will be held in the Encina club
roona on May 2'2d, were placed on
sale at the University Bookstore
this morning. Five dollars is the
price of admission as levied by the
committee. Tickets must be pur
chased on or before Friday, May 19.
About a hundred tickets for ad

mission to the Senior ball, which
will be held in the Encina club
roona on May 2'2d, were placed on
sale at the University Bookstore
this morning. Five dollars is the
price of admission as levied by the
committee. Tickets must be pur
chased on or before Friday, May 19.
