# Flowers for the Kirmess.
## 
### 
It will be most helpful to the
committee on decorations if each
student on the sub-committees liv
ing in any of the adjoining towns
will get as many flowers from his
neighborhood as possible. Chrys
anthemums and single scarlet gera
niums are especially desired. They
should be cut with long stems and
left in the basement of the Museum.
They can be used if left as late as
Friday noon, but should be left if
possible Thursday afternoon.
It will be most helpful to the
committee on decorations if each
student on the sub-committees liv
ing in any of the adjoining towns
will get as many flowers from his
neighborhood as possible. Chrys
anthemums and single scarlet gera
niums are especially desired. They
should be cut with long stems and
left in the basement of the Museum.
They can be used if left as late as
Friday noon, but should be left if
possible Thursday afternoon.
It will be most helpful to the
committee on decorations if each
student on the sub-committees liv
ing in any of the adjoining towns
will get as many flowers from his
neighborhood as possible. Chrys
anthemums and single scarlet gera
niums are especially desired. They
should be cut with long stems and
left in the basement of the Museum.
They can be used if left as late as
Friday noon, but should be left if
possible Thursday afternoon.
It will be most helpful to the
committee on decorations if each
student on the sub-committees liv
ing in any of the adjoining towns
will get as many flowers from his
neighborhood as possible. Chrys
anthemums and single scarlet gera
niums are especially desired. They
should be cut with long stems and
left in the basement of the Museum.
They can be used if left as late as
Friday noon, but should be left if
possible Thursday afternoon.
It will be most helpful to the
committee on decorations if each
student on the sub-committees liv
ing in any of the adjoining towns
will get as many flowers from his
neighborhood as possible. Chrys
anthemums and single scarlet gera
niums are especially desired. They
should be cut with long stems and
left in the basement of the Museum.
They can be used if left as late as
Friday noon, but should be left if
possible Thursday afternoon.
