# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Along with the agitation con
cerning the regulation of the var
sity sweater which is at present
occupying the attention of the stu
dent body, it will perhaps he
apropos to say a few words con
cerning the indiscriminate use of
these varsity sweaters hy parties
not qualified to wear them. Ref
erence is made particularly to the
candidates for the hasehall team,
many of whom may he seen every
day practicing on the diamond in
regular varsity uniforms and with
little or no regard for the senti
ment which makes the legitimate
wearing of them so great an honor.
It will doubtless he argued that
these are not sweaters; that the
same sentiment and opinion which
governs the use of sweaters should
and does not apply to a simple uni
form. But is this so? Those same
uniforms were purchased for and
worn by hist year's baseball
team, and as such are the insignia
of the honor which their wearers
held. In fact the privilege of ap
pearing on the field in them was
incumbent upon the players mak
ing the team; and now to see
nearly every one wearing those
same uniforms around without
discrimination or right tends to
destroy the honor of their legiti
mate possession.
