# Fine Arts Quartet Tickets on Sale
## 
### 
Tickets are now on sale for a
chamber music concert to be given
tomorrow night by the Fine Arts
Quartet, widely known throughout
the United States and currently on
a nation -wide tour.
Tickets for the event, which will
be held in C'ubberley Auditorium at
8:15 p.m., are $2 for general admis
sion and $1 for students. They may
be purchased i'jmm the Stanford Me
morial Hall box office or the Penin
sula Box Office, in the Town and
Country Village shopping center.
The concert will include three
quartetsâ€”the Quartet in D major,
K575, by Mozart; the Quartet No. 5
by Bartok, and the Quartet in C
minbr, Op. 18, No. 4, by Beethoven.
The group consists of Leonard
Sorkin and Abram Loft, violinists;
Irving Ilmer, viola; and George Sop
kin.
