# Quad Hills, Pledge Lists Due Tuesday
## 
### 
Tuesday will bp the last clay for
paying Quad bills and for turning in
eating elub and fraternity pledge
lists, according to Tom Dant, Quad
editor.
Yearbook prices are $6.75, name
engraved on cover, and $G.50 plain.
Quad office hours are 4 lo 5:30 p.m.
Tuesday will bp the last clay for
paying Quad bills and for turning in
eating elub and fraternity pledge
lists, according to Tom Dant, Quad
editor.
Yearbook prices are $6.75, name
engraved on cover, and $G.50 plain.
Quad office hours are 4 lo 5:30 p.m.
Tuesday will bp the last clay for
paying Quad bills and for turning in
eating elub and fraternity pledge
lists, according to Tom Dant, Quad
editor.
Yearbook prices are $6.75, name
engraved on cover, and $G.50 plain.
Quad office hours are 4 lo 5:30 p.m.
Tuesday will bp the last clay for
paying Quad bills and for turning in
eating elub and fraternity pledge
lists, according to Tom Dant, Quad
editor.
Yearbook prices are $6.75, name
engraved on cover, and $G.50 plain.
Quad office hours are 4 lo 5:30 p.m.
Tuesday will bp the last clay for
paying Quad bills and for turning in
eating elub and fraternity pledge
lists, according to Tom Dant, Quad
editor.
Yearbook prices are $6.75, name
engraved on cover, and $G.50 plain.
Quad office hours are 4 lo 5:30 p.m.
Tuesday will bp the last clay for
paying Quad bills and for turning in
eating elub and fraternity pledge
lists, according to Tom Dant, Quad
editor.
Yearbook prices are $6.75, name
engraved on cover, and $G.50 plain.
Quad office hours are 4 lo 5:30 p.m.
Tuesday will bp the last clay for
paying Quad bills and for turning in
eating elub and fraternity pledge
lists, according to Tom Dant, Quad
editor.
Yearbook prices are $6.75, name
engraved on cover, and $G.50 plain.
Quad office hours are 4 lo 5:30 p.m.
Tuesday will bp the last clay for
paying Quad bills and for turning in
eating elub and fraternity pledge
lists, according to Tom Dant, Quad
editor.
Yearbook prices are $6.75, name
engraved on cover, and $G.50 plain.
Quad office hours are 4 lo 5:30 p.m.
Tuesday will bp the last clay for
paying Quad bills and for turning in
eating elub and fraternity pledge
lists, according to Tom Dant, Quad
editor.
Yearbook prices are $6.75, name
engraved on cover, and $G.50 plain.
Quad office hours are 4 lo 5:30 p.m.
Tuesday will bp the last clay for
paying Quad bills and for turning in
eating elub and fraternity pledge
lists, according to Tom Dant, Quad
editor.
Yearbook prices are $6.75, name
engraved on cover, and $G.50 plain.
Quad office hours are 4 lo 5:30 p.m.
Tuesday will bp the last clay for
paying Quad bills and for turning in
eating elub and fraternity pledge
lists, according to Tom Dant, Quad
editor.
Yearbook prices are $6.75, name
engraved on cover, and $G.50 plain.
Quad office hours are 4 lo 5:30 p.m.
Tuesday will bp the last clay for
paying Quad bills and for turning in
eating elub and fraternity pledge
lists, according to Tom Dant, Quad
editor.
Yearbook prices are $6.75, name
engraved on cover, and $G.50 plain.
Quad office hours are 4 lo 5:30 p.m.
Tuesday will bp the last clay for
paying Quad bills and for turning in
eating elub and fraternity pledge
lists, according to Tom Dant, Quad
editor.
Yearbook prices are $6.75, name
engraved on cover, and $G.50 plain.
Quad office hours are 4 lo 5:30 p.m.
Tuesday will bp the last clay for
paying Quad bills and for turning in
eating elub and fraternity pledge
lists, according to Tom Dant, Quad
editor.
Yearbook prices are $6.75, name
engraved on cover, and $G.50 plain.
Quad office hours are 4 lo 5:30 p.m.
Tuesday will bp the last clay for
paying Quad bills and for turning in
eating elub and fraternity pledge
lists, according to Tom Dant, Quad
editor.
Yearbook prices are $6.75, name
engraved on cover, and $G.50 plain.
Quad office hours are 4 lo 5:30 p.m.
