# Tryouts Today For Freshman Paper
## 
### 
Interviews begin today for editor
of the freshman class newspaper,
The Smoke Signal.
Interviews will be held from 3:30
to 5:30 p.m. downstairs in the Wom
en s Clubhouse. An appointment
sheet is posted outside the ASSU
office.
Interviews begin today for editor
of the freshman class newspaper,
The Smoke Signal.
Interviews will be held from 3:30
to 5:30 p.m. downstairs in the Wom
en s Clubhouse. An appointment
sheet is posted outside the ASSU
office.
Interviews begin today for editor
of the freshman class newspaper,
The Smoke Signal.
Interviews will be held from 3:30
to 5:30 p.m. downstairs in the Wom
en s Clubhouse. An appointment
sheet is posted outside the ASSU
office.
Interviews begin today for editor
of the freshman class newspaper,
The Smoke Signal.
Interviews will be held from 3:30
to 5:30 p.m. downstairs in the Wom
en s Clubhouse. An appointment
sheet is posted outside the ASSU
office.
Interviews begin today for editor
of the freshman class newspaper,
The Smoke Signal.
Interviews will be held from 3:30
to 5:30 p.m. downstairs in the Wom
en s Clubhouse. An appointment
sheet is posted outside the ASSU
office.
Interviews begin today for editor
of the freshman class newspaper,
The Smoke Signal.
Interviews will be held from 3:30
to 5:30 p.m. downstairs in the Wom
en s Clubhouse. An appointment
sheet is posted outside the ASSU
office.
Interviews begin today for editor
of the freshman class newspaper,
The Smoke Signal.
Interviews will be held from 3:30
to 5:30 p.m. downstairs in the Wom
en s Clubhouse. An appointment
sheet is posted outside the ASSU
office.
Interviews begin today for editor
of the freshman class newspaper,
The Smoke Signal.
Interviews will be held from 3:30
to 5:30 p.m. downstairs in the Wom
en s Clubhouse. An appointment
sheet is posted outside the ASSU
office.
Interviews begin today for editor
of the freshman class newspaper,
The Smoke Signal.
Interviews will be held from 3:30
to 5:30 p.m. downstairs in the Wom
en s Clubhouse. An appointment
sheet is posted outside the ASSU
office.
Interviews begin today for editor
of the freshman class newspaper,
The Smoke Signal.
Interviews will be held from 3:30
to 5:30 p.m. downstairs in the Wom
en s Clubhouse. An appointment
sheet is posted outside the ASSU
office.
Interviews begin today for editor
of the freshman class newspaper,
The Smoke Signal.
Interviews will be held from 3:30
to 5:30 p.m. downstairs in the Wom
en s Clubhouse. An appointment
sheet is posted outside the ASSU
office.
Interviews begin today for editor
of the freshman class newspaper,
The Smoke Signal.
Interviews will be held from 3:30
to 5:30 p.m. downstairs in the Wom
en s Clubhouse. An appointment
sheet is posted outside the ASSU
office.
Interviews begin today for editor
of the freshman class newspaper,
The Smoke Signal.
Interviews will be held from 3:30
to 5:30 p.m. downstairs in the Wom
en s Clubhouse. An appointment
sheet is posted outside the ASSU
office.
Interviews begin today for editor
of the freshman class newspaper,
The Smoke Signal.
Interviews will be held from 3:30
to 5:30 p.m. downstairs in the Wom
en s Clubhouse. An appointment
sheet is posted outside the ASSU
office.
Interviews begin today for editor
of the freshman class newspaper,
The Smoke Signal.
Interviews will be held from 3:30
to 5:30 p.m. downstairs in the Wom
en s Clubhouse. An appointment
sheet is posted outside the ASSU
office.
