# MORLEY HONORED
## 
### 
Sam Morley, stellar Card offensive
end, will be honored this noon in
the Marines Memorial Club by the
Touchdown Club of San Francisco.
Morley was named lineman of the
year by the Northern California
chapter of the Football Writers' As
sociation.
Sam Morley, stellar Card offensive
end, will be honored this noon in
the Marines Memorial Club by the
Touchdown Club of San Francisco.
Morley was named lineman of the
year by the Northern California
chapter of the Football Writers' As
sociation.
Sam Morley, stellar Card offensive
end, will be honored this noon in
the Marines Memorial Club by the
Touchdown Club of San Francisco.
Morley was named lineman of the
year by the Northern California
chapter of the Football Writers' As
sociation.
Sam Morley, stellar Card offensive
end, will be honored this noon in
the Marines Memorial Club by the
Touchdown Club of San Francisco.
Morley was named lineman of the
year by the Northern California
chapter of the Football Writers' As
sociation.
Sam Morley, stellar Card offensive
end, will be honored this noon in
the Marines Memorial Club by the
Touchdown Club of San Francisco.
Morley was named lineman of the
year by the Northern California
chapter of the Football Writers' As
sociation.
Sam Morley, stellar Card offensive
end, will be honored this noon in
the Marines Memorial Club by the
Touchdown Club of San Francisco.
Morley was named lineman of the
year by the Northern California
chapter of the Football Writers' As
sociation.
Sam Morley, stellar Card offensive
end, will be honored this noon in
the Marines Memorial Club by the
Touchdown Club of San Francisco.
Morley was named lineman of the
year by the Northern California
chapter of the Football Writers' As
sociation.
Sam Morley, stellar Card offensive
end, will be honored this noon in
the Marines Memorial Club by the
Touchdown Club of San Francisco.
Morley was named lineman of the
year by the Northern California
chapter of the Football Writers' As
sociation.
Sam Morley, stellar Card offensive
end, will be honored this noon in
the Marines Memorial Club by the
Touchdown Club of San Francisco.
Morley was named lineman of the
year by the Northern California
chapter of the Football Writers' As
sociation.
Sam Morley, stellar Card offensive
end, will be honored this noon in
the Marines Memorial Club by the
Touchdown Club of San Francisco.
Morley was named lineman of the
year by the Northern California
chapter of the Football Writers' As
sociation.
Sam Morley, stellar Card offensive
end, will be honored this noon in
the Marines Memorial Club by the
Touchdown Club of San Francisco.
Morley was named lineman of the
year by the Northern California
chapter of the Football Writers' As
sociation.
Sam Morley, stellar Card offensive
end, will be honored this noon in
the Marines Memorial Club by the
Touchdown Club of San Francisco.
Morley was named lineman of the
year by the Northern California
chapter of the Football Writers' As
sociation.
Sam Morley, stellar Card offensive
end, will be honored this noon in
the Marines Memorial Club by the
Touchdown Club of San Francisco.
Morley was named lineman of the
year by the Northern California
chapter of the Football Writers' As
sociation.
Sam Morley, stellar Card offensive
end, will be honored this noon in
the Marines Memorial Club by the
Touchdown Club of San Francisco.
Morley was named lineman of the
year by the Northern California
chapter of the Football Writers' As
sociation.
Sam Morley, stellar Card offensive
end, will be honored this noon in
the Marines Memorial Club by the
Touchdown Club of San Francisco.
Morley was named lineman of the
year by the Northern California
chapter of the Football Writers' As
sociation.
Sam Morley, stellar Card offensive
end, will be honored this noon in
the Marines Memorial Club by the
Touchdown Club of San Francisco.
Morley was named lineman of the
year by the Northern California
chapter of the Football Writers' As
sociation.
