# Untitled Article
## 
### 
'OK, Mr. Press Secretary, give me some
answers!'

. And if I didn't know anything about the
affair. . .'

'If I knew about the Watergate Caper, what
am I doing in the White House?'

. What am I doing in the White House?'




'OK, Mr. Press Secretary, give me some
answers!'

. And if I didn't know anything about the
affair. . .'

'If I knew about the Watergate Caper, what
am I doing in the White House?'

. What am I doing in the White House?'




'OK, Mr. Press Secretary, give me some
answers!'

. And if I didn't know anything about the
affair. . .'

'If I knew about the Watergate Caper, what
am I doing in the White House?'

. What am I doing in the White House?'




'OK, Mr. Press Secretary, give me some
answers!'

. And if I didn't know anything about the
affair. . .'

'If I knew about the Watergate Caper, what
am I doing in the White House?'

. What am I doing in the White House?'




'OK, Mr. Press Secretary, give me some
answers!'

. And if I didn't know anything about the
affair. . .'

'If I knew about the Watergate Caper, what
am I doing in the White House?'

. What am I doing in the White House?'




'OK, Mr. Press Secretary, give me some
answers!'

. And if I didn't know anything about the
affair. . .'

'If I knew about the Watergate Caper, what
am I doing in the White House?'

. What am I doing in the White House?'




'OK, Mr. Press Secretary, give me some
answers!'

. And if I didn't know anything about the
affair. . .'

'If I knew about the Watergate Caper, what
am I doing in the White House?'

. What am I doing in the White House?'




'OK, Mr. Press Secretary, give me some
answers!'

. And if I didn't know anything about the
affair. . .'

'If I knew about the Watergate Caper, what
am I doing in the White House?'

. What am I doing in the White House?'




'OK, Mr. Press Secretary, give me some
answers!'

. And if I didn't know anything about the
affair. . .'

'If I knew about the Watergate Caper, what
am I doing in the White House?'

. What am I doing in the White House?'




'OK, Mr. Press Secretary, give me some
answers!'

. And if I didn't know anything about the
affair. . .'

'If I knew about the Watergate Caper, what
am I doing in the White House?'

. What am I doing in the White House?'




'OK, Mr. Press Secretary, give me some
answers!'

. And if I didn't know anything about the
affair. . .'

'If I knew about the Watergate Caper, what
am I doing in the White House?'

. What am I doing in the White House?'




'OK, Mr. Press Secretary, give me some
answers!'

. And if I didn't know anything about the
affair. . .'

'If I knew about the Watergate Caper, what
am I doing in the White House?'

. What am I doing in the White House?'




'OK, Mr. Press Secretary, give me some
answers!'

. And if I didn't know anything about the
affair. . .'

'If I knew about the Watergate Caper, what
am I doing in the White House?'

. What am I doing in the White House?'




'OK, Mr. Press Secretary, give me some
answers!'

. And if I didn't know anything about the
affair. . .'

'If I knew about the Watergate Caper, what
am I doing in the White House?'

. What am I doing in the White House?'




