# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
r * > ' .. i,
RAYON PAJAMAS
Tailored neckline
Pastel colors with white
piping
Mandarin neckline in plain
rayon and brocaded
rayon
sizes 32-40
$7.95 or $10.95
Phelps
Terfcel
219 UNIVERSITY AVK.
r * > ' .. i,
RAYON PAJAMAS
Tailored neckline
Pastel colors with white
piping
Mandarin neckline in plain
rayon and brocaded
rayon
sizes 32-40
$7.95 or $10.95
Phelps
Terfcel
219 UNIVERSITY AVK.
r * > ' .. i,
RAYON PAJAMAS
Tailored neckline
Pastel colors with white
piping
Mandarin neckline in plain
rayon and brocaded
rayon
sizes 32-40
$7.95 or $10.95
Phelps
Terfcel
219 UNIVERSITY AVK.
r * > ' .. i,
RAYON PAJAMAS
Tailored neckline
Pastel colors with white
piping
Mandarin neckline in plain
rayon and brocaded
rayon
sizes 32-40
$7.95 or $10.95
Phelps
Terfcel
219 UNIVERSITY AVK.
r * > ' .. i,
RAYON PAJAMAS
Tailored neckline
Pastel colors with white
piping
Mandarin neckline in plain
rayon and brocaded
rayon
sizes 32-40
$7.95 or $10.95
Phelps
Terfcel
219 UNIVERSITY AVK.
r * > ' .. i,
RAYON PAJAMAS
Tailored neckline
Pastel colors with white
piping
Mandarin neckline in plain
rayon and brocaded
rayon
sizes 32-40
$7.95 or $10.95
Phelps
Terfcel
219 UNIVERSITY AVK.
r * > ' .. i,
RAYON PAJAMAS
Tailored neckline
Pastel colors with white
piping
Mandarin neckline in plain
rayon and brocaded
rayon
sizes 32-40
$7.95 or $10.95
Phelps
Terfcel
219 UNIVERSITY AVK.
r * > ' .. i,
RAYON PAJAMAS
Tailored neckline
Pastel colors with white
piping
Mandarin neckline in plain
rayon and brocaded
rayon
sizes 32-40
$7.95 or $10.95
Phelps
Terfcel
219 UNIVERSITY AVK.
r * > ' .. i,
RAYON PAJAMAS
Tailored neckline
Pastel colors with white
piping
Mandarin neckline in plain
rayon and brocaded
rayon
sizes 32-40
$7.95 or $10.95
Phelps
Terfcel
219 UNIVERSITY AVK.
r * > ' .. i,
RAYON PAJAMAS
Tailored neckline
Pastel colors with white
piping
Mandarin neckline in plain
rayon and brocaded
rayon
sizes 32-40
$7.95 or $10.95
Phelps
Terfcel
219 UNIVERSITY AVK.
r * > ' .. i,
RAYON PAJAMAS
Tailored neckline
Pastel colors with white
piping
Mandarin neckline in plain
rayon and brocaded
rayon
sizes 32-40
$7.95 or $10.95
Phelps
Terfcel
219 UNIVERSITY AVK.
r * > ' .. i,
RAYON PAJAMAS
Tailored neckline
Pastel colors with white
piping
Mandarin neckline in plain
rayon and brocaded
rayon
sizes 32-40
$7.95 or $10.95
Phelps
Terfcel
219 UNIVERSITY AVK.
r * > ' .. i,
RAYON PAJAMAS
Tailored neckline
Pastel colors with white
piping
Mandarin neckline in plain
rayon and brocaded
rayon
sizes 32-40
$7.95 or $10.95
Phelps
Terfcel
219 UNIVERSITY AVK.
r * > ' .. i,
RAYON PAJAMAS
Tailored neckline
Pastel colors with white
piping
Mandarin neckline in plain
rayon and brocaded
rayon
sizes 32-40
$7.95 or $10.95
Phelps
Terfcel
219 UNIVERSITY AVK.
r * > ' .. i,
RAYON PAJAMAS
Tailored neckline
Pastel colors with white
piping
Mandarin neckline in plain
rayon and brocaded
rayon
sizes 32-40
$7.95 or $10.95
Phelps
Terfcel
219 UNIVERSITY AVK.
