# Once Around the Quad
## Official Notices QUAD PICTURES 
### 
Quad pictures will be taken for j
Ventura and Ruble at the Quad of- ;
fice J rom 10 to 12 and 1 to 5 today i
arid tomorrow. Wear white blouses i
and bring $1.
Quad pictures will be taken for j
Ventura and Ruble at the Quad of- ;
fice J rom 10 to 12 and 1 to 5 today i
arid tomorrow. Wear white blouses i
and bring $1.
Quad pictures will be taken for j
Ventura and Ruble at the Quad of- ;
fice J rom 10 to 12 and 1 to 5 today i
arid tomorrow. Wear white blouses i
and bring $1.
Quad pictures will be taken for j
Ventura and Ruble at the Quad of- ;
fice J rom 10 to 12 and 1 to 5 today i
arid tomorrow. Wear white blouses i
and bring $1.
Quad pictures will be taken for j
Ventura and Ruble at the Quad of- ;
fice J rom 10 to 12 and 1 to 5 today i
arid tomorrow. Wear white blouses i
and bring $1.
Quad pictures will be taken for j
Ventura and Ruble at the Quad of- ;
fice J rom 10 to 12 and 1 to 5 today i
arid tomorrow. Wear white blouses i
and bring $1.
Quad pictures will be taken for j
Ventura and Ruble at the Quad of- ;
fice J rom 10 to 12 and 1 to 5 today i
arid tomorrow. Wear white blouses i
and bring $1.
Quad pictures will be taken for j
Ventura and Ruble at the Quad of- ;
fice J rom 10 to 12 and 1 to 5 today i
arid tomorrow. Wear white blouses i
and bring $1.
Quad pictures will be taken for j
Ventura and Ruble at the Quad of- ;
fice J rom 10 to 12 and 1 to 5 today i
arid tomorrow. Wear white blouses i
and bring $1.
Quad pictures will be taken for j
Ventura and Ruble at the Quad of- ;
fice J rom 10 to 12 and 1 to 5 today i
arid tomorrow. Wear white blouses i
and bring $1.
Quad pictures will be taken for j
Ventura and Ruble at the Quad of- ;
fice J rom 10 to 12 and 1 to 5 today i
arid tomorrow. Wear white blouses i
and bring $1.
Quad pictures will be taken for j
Ventura and Ruble at the Quad of- ;
fice J rom 10 to 12 and 1 to 5 today i
arid tomorrow. Wear white blouses i
and bring $1.
Quad pictures will be taken for j
Ventura and Ruble at the Quad of- ;
fice J rom 10 to 12 and 1 to 5 today i
arid tomorrow. Wear white blouses i
and bring $1.
Quad pictures will be taken for j
Ventura and Ruble at the Quad of- ;
fice J rom 10 to 12 and 1 to 5 today i
arid tomorrow. Wear white blouses i
and bring $1.
Quad pictures will be taken for j
Ventura and Ruble at the Quad of- ;
fice J rom 10 to 12 and 1 to 5 today i
arid tomorrow. Wear white blouses i
and bring $1.
