# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Roble Hall announces the engage
ment of Carol Chaisin, '54, to John
Thorpe, '54.
Roble Hall announces the engage
ment of Carol Chaisin, '54, to John
Thorpe, '54.
Roble Hall announces the engage
ment of Carol Chaisin, '54, to John
Thorpe, '54.
Roble Hall announces the engage
ment of Carol Chaisin, '54, to John
Thorpe, '54.
Roble Hall announces the engage
ment of Carol Chaisin, '54, to John
Thorpe, '54.
Roble Hall announces the engage
ment of Carol Chaisin, '54, to John
Thorpe, '54.
Roble Hall announces the engage
ment of Carol Chaisin, '54, to John
Thorpe, '54.
Roble Hall announces the engage
ment of Carol Chaisin, '54, to John
Thorpe, '54.
Roble Hall announces the engage
ment of Carol Chaisin, '54, to John
Thorpe, '54.
Roble Hall announces the engage
ment of Carol Chaisin, '54, to John
Thorpe, '54.
Roble Hall announces the engage
ment of Carol Chaisin, '54, to John
Thorpe, '54.
Roble Hall announces the engage
ment of Carol Chaisin, '54, to John
Thorpe, '54.
Roble Hall announces the engage
ment of Carol Chaisin, '54, to John
Thorpe, '54.
Roble Hall announces the engage
ment of Carol Chaisin, '54, to John
Thorpe, '54.
Roble Hall announces the engage
ment of Carol Chaisin, '54, to John
Thorpe, '54.
