# Recent Graduate Married.
## 
### 
Miss Georgia Pitman, '06, and Fred
A. Whitmorc, cx-04, were married at
Mountain View at midnight on Sun
day evening. Whitmorc is a member
of the Sigma Nu fraternity. Miss
Pitman was a prominent tennis play
er while in college and was on the
woman's intercollegiate tennis team
two years ago. Since her graduation
last December she has been teaching
school in San Mateo county.
Miss Georgia Pitman, '06, and Fred
A. Whitmorc, cx-04, were married at
Mountain View at midnight on Sun
day evening. Whitmorc is a member
of the Sigma Nu fraternity. Miss
Pitman was a prominent tennis play
er while in college and was on the
woman's intercollegiate tennis team
two years ago. Since her graduation
last December she has been teaching
school in San Mateo county.
Miss Georgia Pitman, '06, and Fred
A. Whitmorc, cx-04, were married at
Mountain View at midnight on Sun
day evening. Whitmorc is a member
of the Sigma Nu fraternity. Miss
Pitman was a prominent tennis play
er while in college and was on the
woman's intercollegiate tennis team
two years ago. Since her graduation
last December she has been teaching
school in San Mateo county.
Miss Georgia Pitman, '06, and Fred
A. Whitmorc, cx-04, were married at
Mountain View at midnight on Sun
day evening. Whitmorc is a member
of the Sigma Nu fraternity. Miss
Pitman was a prominent tennis play
er while in college and was on the
woman's intercollegiate tennis team
two years ago. Since her graduation
last December she has been teaching
school in San Mateo county.
Miss Georgia Pitman, '06, and Fred
A. Whitmorc, cx-04, were married at
Mountain View at midnight on Sun
day evening. Whitmorc is a member
of the Sigma Nu fraternity. Miss
Pitman was a prominent tennis play
er while in college and was on the
woman's intercollegiate tennis team
two years ago. Since her graduation
last December she has been teaching
school in San Mateo county.
Miss Georgia Pitman, '06, and Fred
A. Whitmorc, cx-04, were married at
Mountain View at midnight on Sun
day evening. Whitmorc is a member
of the Sigma Nu fraternity. Miss
Pitman was a prominent tennis play
er while in college and was on the
woman's intercollegiate tennis team
two years ago. Since her graduation
last December she has been teaching
school in San Mateo county.
Miss Georgia Pitman, '06, and Fred
A. Whitmorc, cx-04, were married at
Mountain View at midnight on Sun
day evening. Whitmorc is a member
of the Sigma Nu fraternity. Miss
Pitman was a prominent tennis play
er while in college and was on the
woman's intercollegiate tennis team
two years ago. Since her graduation
last December she has been teaching
school in San Mateo county.
Miss Georgia Pitman, '06, and Fred
A. Whitmorc, cx-04, were married at
Mountain View at midnight on Sun
day evening. Whitmorc is a member
of the Sigma Nu fraternity. Miss
Pitman was a prominent tennis play
er while in college and was on the
woman's intercollegiate tennis team
two years ago. Since her graduation
last December she has been teaching
school in San Mateo county.
Miss Georgia Pitman, '06, and Fred
A. Whitmorc, cx-04, were married at
Mountain View at midnight on Sun
day evening. Whitmorc is a member
of the Sigma Nu fraternity. Miss
Pitman was a prominent tennis play
er while in college and was on the
woman's intercollegiate tennis team
two years ago. Since her graduation
last December she has been teaching
school in San Mateo county.
