# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—J. A. Snell, '01, left Palo Alto
yesterday to accept a position in the
Philippine Islands as teacher in the
public schools.
—J. A. Snell, '01, left Palo Alto
yesterday to accept a position in the
Philippine Islands as teacher in the
public schools.
—J. A. Snell, '01, left Palo Alto
yesterday to accept a position in the
Philippine Islands as teacher in the
public schools.
—J. A. Snell, '01, left Palo Alto
yesterday to accept a position in the
Philippine Islands as teacher in the
public schools.
—J. A. Snell, '01, left Palo Alto
yesterday to accept a position in the
Philippine Islands as teacher in the
public schools.
—J. A. Snell, '01, left Palo Alto
yesterday to accept a position in the
Philippine Islands as teacher in the
public schools.
—J. A. Snell, '01, left Palo Alto
yesterday to accept a position in the
Philippine Islands as teacher in the
public schools.
—J. A. Snell, '01, left Palo Alto
yesterday to accept a position in the
Philippine Islands as teacher in the
public schools.
—J. A. Snell, '01, left Palo Alto
yesterday to accept a position in the
Philippine Islands as teacher in the
public schools.
