# "Daily Palo Alto" Staff Will Play Ball.
## 
### 
The members of the staffs of the
"Daily Palo Alto" and the"Daily Cal
ifornian" will meet upon the baseball
diamond the morning of the Fresh
man Intercollegiate in the annual
match between the two forces as in
stituted last year. A challenge has
been received by the"Daily Palo Al
to" staff from Alfred C. B. Fletclu
cr, '07. editor of the California pub
lication, and an acceptance was for
warded today. A return match will
probably take place upon the Berke
ley campus the morning of the varsity
game in accordance with the prece
dent set.
The members of the staffs of the
"Daily Palo Alto" and the"Daily Cal
ifornian" will meet upon the baseball
diamond the morning of the Fresh
man Intercollegiate in the annual
match between the two forces as in
stituted last year. A challenge has
been received by the"Daily Palo Al
to" staff from Alfred C. B. Fletclu
cr, '07. editor of the California pub
lication, and an acceptance was for
warded today. A return match will
probably take place upon the Berke
ley campus the morning of the varsity
game in accordance with the prece
dent set.
The members of the staffs of the
"Daily Palo Alto" and the"Daily Cal
ifornian" will meet upon the baseball
diamond the morning of the Fresh
man Intercollegiate in the annual
match between the two forces as in
stituted last year. A challenge has
been received by the"Daily Palo Al
to" staff from Alfred C. B. Fletclu
cr, '07. editor of the California pub
lication, and an acceptance was for
warded today. A return match will
probably take place upon the Berke
ley campus the morning of the varsity
game in accordance with the prece
dent set.
The members of the staffs of the
"Daily Palo Alto" and the"Daily Cal
ifornian" will meet upon the baseball
diamond the morning of the Fresh
man Intercollegiate in the annual
match between the two forces as in
stituted last year. A challenge has
been received by the"Daily Palo Al
to" staff from Alfred C. B. Fletclu
cr, '07. editor of the California pub
lication, and an acceptance was for
warded today. A return match will
probably take place upon the Berke
ley campus the morning of the varsity
game in accordance with the prece
dent set.
The members of the staffs of the
"Daily Palo Alto" and the"Daily Cal
ifornian" will meet upon the baseball
diamond the morning of the Fresh
man Intercollegiate in the annual
match between the two forces as in
stituted last year. A challenge has
been received by the"Daily Palo Al
to" staff from Alfred C. B. Fletclu
cr, '07. editor of the California pub
lication, and an acceptance was for
warded today. A return match will
probably take place upon the Berke
ley campus the morning of the varsity
game in accordance with the prece
dent set.
The members of the staffs of the
"Daily Palo Alto" and the"Daily Cal
ifornian" will meet upon the baseball
diamond the morning of the Fresh
man Intercollegiate in the annual
match between the two forces as in
stituted last year. A challenge has
been received by the"Daily Palo Al
to" staff from Alfred C. B. Fletclu
cr, '07. editor of the California pub
lication, and an acceptance was for
warded today. A return match will
probably take place upon the Berke
ley campus the morning of the varsity
game in accordance with the prece
dent set.
The members of the staffs of the
"Daily Palo Alto" and the"Daily Cal
ifornian" will meet upon the baseball
diamond the morning of the Fresh
man Intercollegiate in the annual
match between the two forces as in
stituted last year. A challenge has
been received by the"Daily Palo Al
to" staff from Alfred C. B. Fletclu
cr, '07. editor of the California pub
lication, and an acceptance was for
warded today. A return match will
probably take place upon the Berke
ley campus the morning of the varsity
game in accordance with the prece
dent set.
The members of the staffs of the
"Daily Palo Alto" and the"Daily Cal
ifornian" will meet upon the baseball
diamond the morning of the Fresh
man Intercollegiate in the annual
match between the two forces as in
stituted last year. A challenge has
been received by the"Daily Palo Al
to" staff from Alfred C. B. Fletclu
cr, '07. editor of the California pub
lication, and an acceptance was for
warded today. A return match will
probably take place upon the Berke
ley campus the morning of the varsity
game in accordance with the prece
dent set.
The members of the staffs of the
"Daily Palo Alto" and the"Daily Cal
ifornian" will meet upon the baseball
diamond the morning of the Fresh
man Intercollegiate in the annual
match between the two forces as in
stituted last year. A challenge has
been received by the"Daily Palo Al
to" staff from Alfred C. B. Fletclu
cr, '07. editor of the California pub
lication, and an acceptance was for
warded today. A return match will
probably take place upon the Berke
ley campus the morning of the varsity
game in accordance with the prece
dent set.
