# LABORATORY NEARLY READY
## 
### 
The equipment of the Guggenheim
Aeronautics Laboratory is nearing
completion and.it is expected that i
within a few weeks the laboratory j
will be ready for use. Regular work
will not be begun until October, when
the full two-year graduate course in
areonautic enginereing will be inaugu
rated.
The equipment of the Guggenheim
Aeronautics Laboratory is nearing
completion and.it is expected that i
within a few weeks the laboratory j
will be ready for use. Regular work
will not be begun until October, when
the full two-year graduate course in
areonautic enginereing will be inaugu
rated.
The equipment of the Guggenheim
Aeronautics Laboratory is nearing
completion and.it is expected that i
within a few weeks the laboratory j
will be ready for use. Regular work
will not be begun until October, when
the full two-year graduate course in
areonautic enginereing will be inaugu
rated.
The equipment of the Guggenheim
Aeronautics Laboratory is nearing
completion and.it is expected that i
within a few weeks the laboratory j
will be ready for use. Regular work
will not be begun until October, when
the full two-year graduate course in
areonautic enginereing will be inaugu
rated.
The equipment of the Guggenheim
Aeronautics Laboratory is nearing
completion and.it is expected that i
within a few weeks the laboratory j
will be ready for use. Regular work
will not be begun until October, when
the full two-year graduate course in
areonautic enginereing will be inaugu
rated.
The equipment of the Guggenheim
Aeronautics Laboratory is nearing
completion and.it is expected that i
within a few weeks the laboratory j
will be ready for use. Regular work
will not be begun until October, when
the full two-year graduate course in
areonautic enginereing will be inaugu
rated.
The equipment of the Guggenheim
Aeronautics Laboratory is nearing
completion and.it is expected that i
within a few weeks the laboratory j
will be ready for use. Regular work
will not be begun until October, when
the full two-year graduate course in
areonautic enginereing will be inaugu
rated.
The equipment of the Guggenheim
Aeronautics Laboratory is nearing
completion and.it is expected that i
within a few weeks the laboratory j
will be ready for use. Regular work
will not be begun until October, when
the full two-year graduate course in
areonautic enginereing will be inaugu
rated.
The equipment of the Guggenheim
Aeronautics Laboratory is nearing
completion and.it is expected that i
within a few weeks the laboratory j
will be ready for use. Regular work
will not be begun until October, when
the full two-year graduate course in
areonautic enginereing will be inaugu
rated.
The equipment of the Guggenheim
Aeronautics Laboratory is nearing
completion and.it is expected that i
within a few weeks the laboratory j
will be ready for use. Regular work
will not be begun until October, when
the full two-year graduate course in
areonautic enginereing will be inaugu
rated.
The equipment of the Guggenheim
Aeronautics Laboratory is nearing
completion and.it is expected that i
within a few weeks the laboratory j
will be ready for use. Regular work
will not be begun until October, when
the full two-year graduate course in
areonautic enginereing will be inaugu
rated.
The equipment of the Guggenheim
Aeronautics Laboratory is nearing
completion and.it is expected that i
within a few weeks the laboratory j
will be ready for use. Regular work
will not be begun until October, when
the full two-year graduate course in
areonautic enginereing will be inaugu
rated.
The equipment of the Guggenheim
Aeronautics Laboratory is nearing
completion and.it is expected that i
within a few weeks the laboratory j
will be ready for use. Regular work
will not be begun until October, when
the full two-year graduate course in
areonautic enginereing will be inaugu
rated.
The equipment of the Guggenheim
Aeronautics Laboratory is nearing
completion and.it is expected that i
within a few weeks the laboratory j
will be ready for use. Regular work
will not be begun until October, when
the full two-year graduate course in
areonautic enginereing will be inaugu
rated.
The equipment of the Guggenheim
Aeronautics Laboratory is nearing
completion and.it is expected that i
within a few weeks the laboratory j
will be ready for use. Regular work
will not be begun until October, when
the full two-year graduate course in
areonautic enginereing will be inaugu
rated.
