# What a difference the Volunteer Network makes
## 
### DAVID ATCHESON 
It was just about four years ago
when University President Donald
Kennedy gave a very special Com
mencement address to the class of
1983. In his speech Kennedy
stressed the importance and value
of public service on the part of
Stanford students, and he ex
horted them to go out and "make a
difference."
Kennedy's call did not go
unheeded. In the past four years.

organized community service at
Stanford has come a long way â€”
in large part because of the Stan
ford Volunteer Network.
During the academic year fol
lowing the speech, six students
committed to community service
proposed to Kennedy the idea of
creating a student organization
that would link together the
various service groups on
campus. They also proposed that
these groups be given offices un
der the same roof.

As a result, in the fall of 1984.
the Public Service Center ex
panded from a one-room office to
occupy all of Owen House, and the
Volunter Network was founded to
coordinate Stanford's community
service efforts.
According to Megan Swezey, vol
unteer coordinator at Owen
House, the Volunteer Network
soon became a student service
group in its own right. Although
the organization functions as a
kind of liaison between various

service groups, it has recently
begun to independently sponsor
and promote many of its own proj
ects.
Among these efforts are annual
special projects. One of these,
Reach Out Today, is held during
the fall. On a Saturday, students
across campus participate with
their dorms in various service
projects in the local area.
This past fall more than 800
students took part, Swezey said.
Other annual events sponsored

by the network include the Spring
Charity Carnival and the Holiday
Sharing Drive. Swezey called this
year's carnival, which took place
April 11, especially successful.
More than 400 students volun
teered, many of them either man
ning booths or riding a bus that
shuttled children from East Palo
Alto to Wilbur Field.
The carnival booths offered ac
tivities ranging from Madera's bal
loon shaving to massages spon
sored by the Bridge. The Sigma Al

pha Epsilon fraternity conducted
a giant Twister game that was very
popular with the kids.
Besides raising over $1,200 for
the East Palo Alto Summer
Academy, the carnival was suc
cessful in that it "allowed the
children to see Stanford students
in their university environment,"
according to Hindola Dasgupta,
this year's booth chairperson for
the carnival.
