# Kreisler Will Tour America
## 
### 

Mr. and Mrs. Fritz Kreisler are shown on their arrival in New York
from where the famed violinist plans starting a winter concert tour.
They summered in Vienna. (Associated Press Photo)

Mr. and Mrs. Fritz Kreisler are shown on their arrival in New York
from where the famed violinist plans starting a winter concert tour.
They summered in Vienna. (Associated Press Photo)

Mr. and Mrs. Fritz Kreisler are shown on their arrival in New York
from where the famed violinist plans starting a winter concert tour.
They summered in Vienna. (Associated Press Photo)

Mr. and Mrs. Fritz Kreisler are shown on their arrival in New York
from where the famed violinist plans starting a winter concert tour.
They summered in Vienna. (Associated Press Photo)

Mr. and Mrs. Fritz Kreisler are shown on their arrival in New York
from where the famed violinist plans starting a winter concert tour.
They summered in Vienna. (Associated Press Photo)

Mr. and Mrs. Fritz Kreisler are shown on their arrival in New York
from where the famed violinist plans starting a winter concert tour.
They summered in Vienna. (Associated Press Photo)

Mr. and Mrs. Fritz Kreisler are shown on their arrival in New York
from where the famed violinist plans starting a winter concert tour.
They summered in Vienna. (Associated Press Photo)

Mr. and Mrs. Fritz Kreisler are shown on their arrival in New York
from where the famed violinist plans starting a winter concert tour.
They summered in Vienna. (Associated Press Photo)

Mr. and Mrs. Fritz Kreisler are shown on their arrival in New York
from where the famed violinist plans starting a winter concert tour.
They summered in Vienna. (Associated Press Photo)

Mr. and Mrs. Fritz Kreisler are shown on their arrival in New York
from where the famed violinist plans starting a winter concert tour.
They summered in Vienna. (Associated Press Photo)

Mr. and Mrs. Fritz Kreisler are shown on their arrival in New York
from where the famed violinist plans starting a winter concert tour.
They summered in Vienna. (Associated Press Photo)

Mr. and Mrs. Fritz Kreisler are shown on their arrival in New York
from where the famed violinist plans starting a winter concert tour.
They summered in Vienna. (Associated Press Photo)

Mr. and Mrs. Fritz Kreisler are shown on their arrival in New York
from where the famed violinist plans starting a winter concert tour.
They summered in Vienna. (Associated Press Photo)

Mr. and Mrs. Fritz Kreisler are shown on their arrival in New York
from where the famed violinist plans starting a winter concert tour.
They summered in Vienna. (Associated Press Photo)

Mr. and Mrs. Fritz Kreisler are shown on their arrival in New York
from where the famed violinist plans starting a winter concert tour.
They summered in Vienna. (Associated Press Photo)
