# Selassie Plans Defensive Campaign
## 
### 

Resolved to defend his country's central region, with its fertile area, railroad and cities, Emperor
Haile Selassie is placing his troops' as indicated on this Associated Press map to repul3e the Italian
advance. On three fronts, indicated by shading, the Italians were reported pushing forward, but Ethio
pians said a decisive battle had not yet been fought.

Resolved to defend his country's central region, with its fertile area, railroad and cities, Emperor
Haile Selassie is placing his troops' as indicated on this Associated Press map to repul3e the Italian
advance. On three fronts, indicated by shading, the Italians were reported pushing forward, but Ethio
pians said a decisive battle had not yet been fought.

Resolved to defend his country's central region, with its fertile area, railroad and cities, Emperor
Haile Selassie is placing his troops' as indicated on this Associated Press map to repul3e the Italian
advance. On three fronts, indicated by shading, the Italians were reported pushing forward, but Ethio
pians said a decisive battle had not yet been fought.

Resolved to defend his country's central region, with its fertile area, railroad and cities, Emperor
Haile Selassie is placing his troops' as indicated on this Associated Press map to repul3e the Italian
advance. On three fronts, indicated by shading, the Italians were reported pushing forward, but Ethio
pians said a decisive battle had not yet been fought.

Resolved to defend his country's central region, with its fertile area, railroad and cities, Emperor
Haile Selassie is placing his troops' as indicated on this Associated Press map to repul3e the Italian
advance. On three fronts, indicated by shading, the Italians were reported pushing forward, but Ethio
pians said a decisive battle had not yet been fought.

Resolved to defend his country's central region, with its fertile area, railroad and cities, Emperor
Haile Selassie is placing his troops' as indicated on this Associated Press map to repul3e the Italian
advance. On three fronts, indicated by shading, the Italians were reported pushing forward, but Ethio
pians said a decisive battle had not yet been fought.

Resolved to defend his country's central region, with its fertile area, railroad and cities, Emperor
Haile Selassie is placing his troops' as indicated on this Associated Press map to repul3e the Italian
advance. On three fronts, indicated by shading, the Italians were reported pushing forward, but Ethio
pians said a decisive battle had not yet been fought.

Resolved to defend his country's central region, with its fertile area, railroad and cities, Emperor
Haile Selassie is placing his troops' as indicated on this Associated Press map to repul3e the Italian
advance. On three fronts, indicated by shading, the Italians were reported pushing forward, but Ethio
pians said a decisive battle had not yet been fought.

Resolved to defend his country's central region, with its fertile area, railroad and cities, Emperor
Haile Selassie is placing his troops' as indicated on this Associated Press map to repul3e the Italian
advance. On three fronts, indicated by shading, the Italians were reported pushing forward, but Ethio
pians said a decisive battle had not yet been fought.

Resolved to defend his country's central region, with its fertile area, railroad and cities, Emperor
Haile Selassie is placing his troops' as indicated on this Associated Press map to repul3e the Italian
advance. On three fronts, indicated by shading, the Italians were reported pushing forward, but Ethio
pians said a decisive battle had not yet been fought.

Resolved to defend his country's central region, with its fertile area, railroad and cities, Emperor
Haile Selassie is placing his troops' as indicated on this Associated Press map to repul3e the Italian
advance. On three fronts, indicated by shading, the Italians were reported pushing forward, but Ethio
pians said a decisive battle had not yet been fought.

Resolved to defend his country's central region, with its fertile area, railroad and cities, Emperor
Haile Selassie is placing his troops' as indicated on this Associated Press map to repul3e the Italian
advance. On three fronts, indicated by shading, the Italians were reported pushing forward, but Ethio
pians said a decisive battle had not yet been fought.

Resolved to defend his country's central region, with its fertile area, railroad and cities, Emperor
Haile Selassie is placing his troops' as indicated on this Associated Press map to repul3e the Italian
advance. On three fronts, indicated by shading, the Italians were reported pushing forward, but Ethio
pians said a decisive battle had not yet been fought.

Resolved to defend his country's central region, with its fertile area, railroad and cities, Emperor
Haile Selassie is placing his troops' as indicated on this Associated Press map to repul3e the Italian
advance. On three fronts, indicated by shading, the Italians were reported pushing forward, but Ethio
pians said a decisive battle had not yet been fought.

Resolved to defend his country's central region, with its fertile area, railroad and cities, Emperor
Haile Selassie is placing his troops' as indicated on this Associated Press map to repul3e the Italian
advance. On three fronts, indicated by shading, the Italians were reported pushing forward, but Ethio
pians said a decisive battle had not yet been fought.
