# GOLD HIGH REACHED
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Oct. 10 (/P).—The
weekly Federal Reserve B'aik
statement today disclosed another
gold peak was established for Amer
ican monetary gold stocks during
the week ending October 9.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 10 (/P).—The
weekly Federal Reserve B'aik
statement today disclosed another
gold peak was established for Amer
ican monetary gold stocks during
the week ending October 9.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 10 (/P).—The
weekly Federal Reserve B'aik
statement today disclosed another
gold peak was established for Amer
ican monetary gold stocks during
the week ending October 9.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 10 (/P).—The
weekly Federal Reserve B'aik
statement today disclosed another
gold peak was established for Amer
ican monetary gold stocks during
the week ending October 9.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 10 (/P).—The
weekly Federal Reserve B'aik
statement today disclosed another
gold peak was established for Amer
ican monetary gold stocks during
the week ending October 9.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 10 (/P).—The
weekly Federal Reserve B'aik
statement today disclosed another
gold peak was established for Amer
ican monetary gold stocks during
the week ending October 9.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 10 (/P).—The
weekly Federal Reserve B'aik
statement today disclosed another
gold peak was established for Amer
ican monetary gold stocks during
the week ending October 9.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 10 (/P).—The
weekly Federal Reserve B'aik
statement today disclosed another
gold peak was established for Amer
ican monetary gold stocks during
the week ending October 9.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 10 (/P).—The
weekly Federal Reserve B'aik
statement today disclosed another
gold peak was established for Amer
ican monetary gold stocks during
the week ending October 9.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 10 (/P).—The
weekly Federal Reserve B'aik
statement today disclosed another
gold peak was established for Amer
ican monetary gold stocks during
the week ending October 9.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 10 (/P).—The
weekly Federal Reserve B'aik
statement today disclosed another
gold peak was established for Amer
ican monetary gold stocks during
the week ending October 9.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 10 (/P).—The
weekly Federal Reserve B'aik
statement today disclosed another
gold peak was established for Amer
ican monetary gold stocks during
the week ending October 9.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 10 (/P).—The
weekly Federal Reserve B'aik
statement today disclosed another
gold peak was established for Amer
ican monetary gold stocks during
the week ending October 9.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 10 (/P).—The
weekly Federal Reserve B'aik
statement today disclosed another
gold peak was established for Amer
ican monetary gold stocks during
the week ending October 9.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 10 (/P).—The
weekly Federal Reserve B'aik
statement today disclosed another
gold peak was established for Amer
ican monetary gold stocks during
the week ending October 9.
