# Campus Dance Honors Bruins Tomorrow Eve
## Nix, Callaway Vocalists; All Students Invited 
### 
In honor of the 3500 U.C.L.A. sup
porters who are expected to invade
the campus over the week-end, the
A.S.S.U. will hold its first dance of
the year tomorrow night in the
Women's Gym.
Freddie Nagel and his orchestra
will furnish the music with Dudley
Nix, song - writer and one - time
member of Tom Coakley's band, and
Claude "Cab" Callaway, former
varsity tackle, as guest artists.
Plenty of Seats
Gib Holloway, chairman of the
dance, has promised chairs for all
those who wish to be seated during
intermissions, as well as special
lighting effects in the gym and
courtyard and free punch and cook
ies for evex'yone.
Although the dance is primarily
for the visitors, all Stanford stu
dents are invited to attend. The
admission is $1 per couple.
Patrons Chosen
The patrons and patronesses for
the affair are: Professor and Mrs.
Richard T. LaPiere, Professor Theo
dore H. Boggs, Professor Leland
Chapin, Mrs. Irene Coverley, and
Miss Jean Kcever.
-jb 3ui>jbui uf Suipiy
rangements are Margaret Johnson,
Spencer Lehman, and Tom Killefer.
In honor of the 3500 U.C.L.A. sup
porters who are expected to invade
the campus over the week-end, the
A.S.S.U. will hold its first dance of
the year tomorrow night in the
Women's Gym.
Freddie Nagel and his orchestra
will furnish the music with Dudley
Nix, song - writer and one - time
member of Tom Coakley's band, and
Claude "Cab" Callaway, former
varsity tackle, as guest artists.
Plenty of Seats
Gib Holloway, chairman of the
dance, has promised chairs for all
those who wish to be seated during
intermissions, as well as special
lighting effects in the gym and
courtyard and free punch and cook
ies for evex'yone.
Although the dance is primarily
for the visitors, all Stanford stu
dents are invited to attend. The
admission is $1 per couple.
Patrons Chosen
The patrons and patronesses for
the affair are: Professor and Mrs.
Richard T. LaPiere, Professor Theo
dore H. Boggs, Professor Leland
Chapin, Mrs. Irene Coverley, and
Miss Jean Kcever.
-jb 3ui>jbui uf Suipiy
rangements are Margaret Johnson,
Spencer Lehman, and Tom Killefer.
In honor of the 3500 U.C.L.A. sup
porters who are expected to invade
the campus over the week-end, the
A.S.S.U. will hold its first dance of
the year tomorrow night in the
Women's Gym.
Freddie Nagel and his orchestra
will furnish the music with Dudley
Nix, song - writer and one - time
member of Tom Coakley's band, and
Claude "Cab" Callaway, former
varsity tackle, as guest artists.
Plenty of Seats
Gib Holloway, chairman of the
dance, has promised chairs for all
those who wish to be seated during
intermissions, as well as special
lighting effects in the gym and
courtyard and free punch and cook
ies for evex'yone.
Although the dance is primarily
for the visitors, all Stanford stu
dents are invited to attend. The
admission is $1 per couple.
Patrons Chosen
The patrons and patronesses for
the affair are: Professor and Mrs.
Richard T. LaPiere, Professor Theo
dore H. Boggs, Professor Leland
Chapin, Mrs. Irene Coverley, and
Miss Jean Kcever.
-jb 3ui>jbui uf Suipiy
rangements are Margaret Johnson,
Spencer Lehman, and Tom Killefer.
In honor of the 3500 U.C.L.A. sup
porters who are expected to invade
the campus over the week-end, the
A.S.S.U. will hold its first dance of
the year tomorrow night in the
Women's Gym.
Freddie Nagel and his orchestra
will furnish the music with Dudley
Nix, song - writer and one - time
member of Tom Coakley's band, and
Claude "Cab" Callaway, former
varsity tackle, as guest artists.
Plenty of Seats
Gib Holloway, chairman of the
dance, has promised chairs for all
those who wish to be seated during
intermissions, as well as special
lighting effects in the gym and
courtyard and free punch and cook
ies for evex'yone.
Although the dance is primarily
for the visitors, all Stanford stu
dents are invited to attend. The
admission is $1 per couple.
Patrons Chosen
The patrons and patronesses for
the affair are: Professor and Mrs.
Richard T. LaPiere, Professor Theo
dore H. Boggs, Professor Leland
Chapin, Mrs. Irene Coverley, and
Miss Jean Kcever.
-jb 3ui>jbui uf Suipiy
rangements are Margaret Johnson,
Spencer Lehman, and Tom Killefer.
In honor of the 3500 U.C.L.A. sup
porters who are expected to invade
the campus over the week-end, the
A.S.S.U. will hold its first dance of
the year tomorrow night in the
Women's Gym.
Freddie Nagel and his orchestra
will furnish the music with Dudley
Nix, song - writer and one - time
member of Tom Coakley's band, and
Claude "Cab" Callaway, former
varsity tackle, as guest artists.
Plenty of Seats
Gib Holloway, chairman of the
dance, has promised chairs for all
those who wish to be seated during
intermissions, as well as special
lighting effects in the gym and
courtyard and free punch and cook
ies for evex'yone.
Although the dance is primarily
for the visitors, all Stanford stu
dents are invited to attend. The
admission is $1 per couple.
Patrons Chosen
The patrons and patronesses for
the affair are: Professor and Mrs.
Richard T. LaPiere, Professor Theo
dore H. Boggs, Professor Leland
Chapin, Mrs. Irene Coverley, and
Miss Jean Kcever.
-jb 3ui>jbui uf Suipiy
rangements are Margaret Johnson,
Spencer Lehman, and Tom Killefer.
In honor of the 3500 U.C.L.A. sup
porters who are expected to invade
the campus over the week-end, the
A.S.S.U. will hold its first dance of
the year tomorrow night in the
Women's Gym.
Freddie Nagel and his orchestra
will furnish the music with Dudley
Nix, song - writer and one - time
member of Tom Coakley's band, and
Claude "Cab" Callaway, former
varsity tackle, as guest artists.
Plenty of Seats
Gib Holloway, chairman of the
dance, has promised chairs for all
those who wish to be seated during
intermissions, as well as special
lighting effects in the gym and
courtyard and free punch and cook
ies for evex'yone.
Although the dance is primarily
for the visitors, all Stanford stu
dents are invited to attend. The
admission is $1 per couple.
Patrons Chosen
The patrons and patronesses for
the affair are: Professor and Mrs.
Richard T. LaPiere, Professor Theo
dore H. Boggs, Professor Leland
Chapin, Mrs. Irene Coverley, and
Miss Jean Kcever.
-jb 3ui>jbui uf Suipiy
rangements are Margaret Johnson,
Spencer Lehman, and Tom Killefer.
In honor of the 3500 U.C.L.A. sup
porters who are expected to invade
the campus over the week-end, the
A.S.S.U. will hold its first dance of
the year tomorrow night in the
Women's Gym.
Freddie Nagel and his orchestra
will furnish the music with Dudley
Nix, song - writer and one - time
member of Tom Coakley's band, and
Claude "Cab" Callaway, former
varsity tackle, as guest artists.
Plenty of Seats
Gib Holloway, chairman of the
dance, has promised chairs for all
those who wish to be seated during
intermissions, as well as special
lighting effects in the gym and
courtyard and free punch and cook
ies for evex'yone.
Although the dance is primarily
for the visitors, all Stanford stu
dents are invited to attend. The
admission is $1 per couple.
Patrons Chosen
The patrons and patronesses for
the affair are: Professor and Mrs.
Richard T. LaPiere, Professor Theo
dore H. Boggs, Professor Leland
Chapin, Mrs. Irene Coverley, and
Miss Jean Kcever.
-jb 3ui>jbui uf Suipiy
rangements are Margaret Johnson,
Spencer Lehman, and Tom Killefer.
In honor of the 3500 U.C.L.A. sup
porters who are expected to invade
the campus over the week-end, the
A.S.S.U. will hold its first dance of
the year tomorrow night in the
Women's Gym.
Freddie Nagel and his orchestra
will furnish the music with Dudley
Nix, song - writer and one - time
member of Tom Coakley's band, and
Claude "Cab" Callaway, former
varsity tackle, as guest artists.
Plenty of Seats
Gib Holloway, chairman of the
dance, has promised chairs for all
those who wish to be seated during
intermissions, as well as special
lighting effects in the gym and
courtyard and free punch and cook
ies for evex'yone.
Although the dance is primarily
for the visitors, all Stanford stu
dents are invited to attend. The
admission is $1 per couple.
Patrons Chosen
The patrons and patronesses for
the affair are: Professor and Mrs.
Richard T. LaPiere, Professor Theo
dore H. Boggs, Professor Leland
Chapin, Mrs. Irene Coverley, and
Miss Jean Kcever.
-jb 3ui>jbui uf Suipiy
rangements are Margaret Johnson,
Spencer Lehman, and Tom Killefer.
In honor of the 3500 U.C.L.A. sup
porters who are expected to invade
the campus over the week-end, the
A.S.S.U. will hold its first dance of
the year tomorrow night in the
Women's Gym.
Freddie Nagel and his orchestra
will furnish the music with Dudley
Nix, song - writer and one - time
member of Tom Coakley's band, and
Claude "Cab" Callaway, former
varsity tackle, as guest artists.
Plenty of Seats
Gib Holloway, chairman of the
dance, has promised chairs for all
those who wish to be seated during
intermissions, as well as special
lighting effects in the gym and
courtyard and free punch and cook
ies for evex'yone.
Although the dance is primarily
for the visitors, all Stanford stu
dents are invited to attend. The
admission is $1 per couple.
Patrons Chosen
The patrons and patronesses for
the affair are: Professor and Mrs.
Richard T. LaPiere, Professor Theo
dore H. Boggs, Professor Leland
Chapin, Mrs. Irene Coverley, and
Miss Jean Kcever.
-jb 3ui>jbui uf Suipiy
rangements are Margaret Johnson,
Spencer Lehman, and Tom Killefer.
In honor of the 3500 U.C.L.A. sup
porters who are expected to invade
the campus over the week-end, the
A.S.S.U. will hold its first dance of
the year tomorrow night in the
Women's Gym.
Freddie Nagel and his orchestra
will furnish the music with Dudley
Nix, song - writer and one - time
member of Tom Coakley's band, and
Claude "Cab" Callaway, former
varsity tackle, as guest artists.
Plenty of Seats
Gib Holloway, chairman of the
dance, has promised chairs for all
those who wish to be seated during
intermissions, as well as special
lighting effects in the gym and
courtyard and free punch and cook
ies for evex'yone.
Although the dance is primarily
for the visitors, all Stanford stu
dents are invited to attend. The
admission is $1 per couple.
Patrons Chosen
The patrons and patronesses for
the affair are: Professor and Mrs.
Richard T. LaPiere, Professor Theo
dore H. Boggs, Professor Leland
Chapin, Mrs. Irene Coverley, and
Miss Jean Kcever.
-jb 3ui>jbui uf Suipiy
rangements are Margaret Johnson,
Spencer Lehman, and Tom Killefer.
In honor of the 3500 U.C.L.A. sup
porters who are expected to invade
the campus over the week-end, the
A.S.S.U. will hold its first dance of
the year tomorrow night in the
Women's Gym.
Freddie Nagel and his orchestra
will furnish the music with Dudley
Nix, song - writer and one - time
member of Tom Coakley's band, and
Claude "Cab" Callaway, former
varsity tackle, as guest artists.
Plenty of Seats
Gib Holloway, chairman of the
dance, has promised chairs for all
those who wish to be seated during
intermissions, as well as special
lighting effects in the gym and
courtyard and free punch and cook
ies for evex'yone.
Although the dance is primarily
for the visitors, all Stanford stu
dents are invited to attend. The
admission is $1 per couple.
Patrons Chosen
The patrons and patronesses for
the affair are: Professor and Mrs.
Richard T. LaPiere, Professor Theo
dore H. Boggs, Professor Leland
Chapin, Mrs. Irene Coverley, and
Miss Jean Kcever.
-jb 3ui>jbui uf Suipiy
rangements are Margaret Johnson,
Spencer Lehman, and Tom Killefer.
In honor of the 3500 U.C.L.A. sup
porters who are expected to invade
the campus over the week-end, the
A.S.S.U. will hold its first dance of
the year tomorrow night in the
Women's Gym.
Freddie Nagel and his orchestra
will furnish the music with Dudley
Nix, song - writer and one - time
member of Tom Coakley's band, and
Claude "Cab" Callaway, former
varsity tackle, as guest artists.
Plenty of Seats
Gib Holloway, chairman of the
dance, has promised chairs for all
those who wish to be seated during
intermissions, as well as special
lighting effects in the gym and
courtyard and free punch and cook
ies for evex'yone.
Although the dance is primarily
for the visitors, all Stanford stu
dents are invited to attend. The
admission is $1 per couple.
Patrons Chosen
The patrons and patronesses for
the affair are: Professor and Mrs.
Richard T. LaPiere, Professor Theo
dore H. Boggs, Professor Leland
Chapin, Mrs. Irene Coverley, and
Miss Jean Kcever.
-jb 3ui>jbui uf Suipiy
rangements are Margaret Johnson,
Spencer Lehman, and Tom Killefer.
In honor of the 3500 U.C.L.A. sup
porters who are expected to invade
the campus over the week-end, the
A.S.S.U. will hold its first dance of
the year tomorrow night in the
Women's Gym.
Freddie Nagel and his orchestra
will furnish the music with Dudley
Nix, song - writer and one - time
member of Tom Coakley's band, and
Claude "Cab" Callaway, former
varsity tackle, as guest artists.
Plenty of Seats
Gib Holloway, chairman of the
dance, has promised chairs for all
those who wish to be seated during
intermissions, as well as special
lighting effects in the gym and
courtyard and free punch and cook
ies for evex'yone.
Although the dance is primarily
for the visitors, all Stanford stu
dents are invited to attend. The
admission is $1 per couple.
Patrons Chosen
The patrons and patronesses for
the affair are: Professor and Mrs.
Richard T. LaPiere, Professor Theo
dore H. Boggs, Professor Leland
Chapin, Mrs. Irene Coverley, and
Miss Jean Kcever.
-jb 3ui>jbui uf Suipiy
rangements are Margaret Johnson,
Spencer Lehman, and Tom Killefer.
In honor of the 3500 U.C.L.A. sup
porters who are expected to invade
the campus over the week-end, the
A.S.S.U. will hold its first dance of
the year tomorrow night in the
Women's Gym.
Freddie Nagel and his orchestra
will furnish the music with Dudley
Nix, song - writer and one - time
member of Tom Coakley's band, and
Claude "Cab" Callaway, former
varsity tackle, as guest artists.
Plenty of Seats
Gib Holloway, chairman of the
dance, has promised chairs for all
those who wish to be seated during
intermissions, as well as special
lighting effects in the gym and
courtyard and free punch and cook
ies for evex'yone.
Although the dance is primarily
for the visitors, all Stanford stu
dents are invited to attend. The
admission is $1 per couple.
Patrons Chosen
The patrons and patronesses for
the affair are: Professor and Mrs.
Richard T. LaPiere, Professor Theo
dore H. Boggs, Professor Leland
Chapin, Mrs. Irene Coverley, and
Miss Jean Kcever.
-jb 3ui>jbui uf Suipiy
rangements are Margaret Johnson,
Spencer Lehman, and Tom Killefer.
In honor of the 3500 U.C.L.A. sup
porters who are expected to invade
the campus over the week-end, the
A.S.S.U. will hold its first dance of
the year tomorrow night in the
Women's Gym.
Freddie Nagel and his orchestra
will furnish the music with Dudley
Nix, song - writer and one - time
member of Tom Coakley's band, and
Claude "Cab" Callaway, former
varsity tackle, as guest artists.
Plenty of Seats
Gib Holloway, chairman of the
dance, has promised chairs for all
those who wish to be seated during
intermissions, as well as special
lighting effects in the gym and
courtyard and free punch and cook
ies for evex'yone.
Although the dance is primarily
for the visitors, all Stanford stu
dents are invited to attend. The
admission is $1 per couple.
Patrons Chosen
The patrons and patronesses for
the affair are: Professor and Mrs.
Richard T. LaPiere, Professor Theo
dore H. Boggs, Professor Leland
Chapin, Mrs. Irene Coverley, and
Miss Jean Kcever.
-jb 3ui>jbui uf Suipiy
rangements are Margaret Johnson,
Spencer Lehman, and Tom Killefer.
