# PEEKING OVER THE WALLS
## 
### 
The Editor. Sir:
It is a very long time since any !
Stanford editorial has taken the bit
in its teeth as yours on war did in
Wednesday's paper.
Our success or failure as a gen
eration rests upon our ability to
solve those problems which today
paralyze the civilized world and
which tomorrow will destroy it un
less we act. That is our responsi
bility—and yet most of us drift
through four years of college experi
ence without ever realizing that our
greatest opportunity to develop a co
herent and rational approach to those
problems is not after we leave col
lege, but while we are here.
Stanford's "intelligence'' has too
long been circumscribed in its ap
plication by the four small walls of
the Farm. The Daily "peeked" over
the top yesterday and awoke to a
new significance.
Ken Livingston, '35
Yea, that's what we thought.—
Ed.
A total of 48,420 persons paid
$147,551 to witness the last game of
the world series.
The Editor. Sir:
It is a very long time since any !
Stanford editorial has taken the bit
in its teeth as yours on war did in
Wednesday's paper.
Our success or failure as a gen
eration rests upon our ability to
solve those problems which today
paralyze the civilized world and
which tomorrow will destroy it un
less we act. That is our responsi
bility—and yet most of us drift
through four years of college experi
ence without ever realizing that our
greatest opportunity to develop a co
herent and rational approach to those
problems is not after we leave col
lege, but while we are here.
Stanford's "intelligence'' has too
long been circumscribed in its ap
plication by the four small walls of
the Farm. The Daily "peeked" over
the top yesterday and awoke to a
new significance.
Ken Livingston, '35
Yea, that's what we thought.—
Ed.
A total of 48,420 persons paid
$147,551 to witness the last game of
the world series.
The Editor. Sir:
It is a very long time since any !
Stanford editorial has taken the bit
in its teeth as yours on war did in
Wednesday's paper.
Our success or failure as a gen
eration rests upon our ability to
solve those problems which today
paralyze the civilized world and
which tomorrow will destroy it un
less we act. That is our responsi
bility—and yet most of us drift
through four years of college experi
ence without ever realizing that our
greatest opportunity to develop a co
herent and rational approach to those
problems is not after we leave col
lege, but while we are here.
Stanford's "intelligence'' has too
long been circumscribed in its ap
plication by the four small walls of
the Farm. The Daily "peeked" over
the top yesterday and awoke to a
new significance.
Ken Livingston, '35
Yea, that's what we thought.—
Ed.
A total of 48,420 persons paid
$147,551 to witness the last game of
the world series.
The Editor. Sir:
It is a very long time since any !
Stanford editorial has taken the bit
in its teeth as yours on war did in
Wednesday's paper.
Our success or failure as a gen
eration rests upon our ability to
solve those problems which today
paralyze the civilized world and
which tomorrow will destroy it un
less we act. That is our responsi
bility—and yet most of us drift
through four years of college experi
ence without ever realizing that our
greatest opportunity to develop a co
herent and rational approach to those
problems is not after we leave col
lege, but while we are here.
Stanford's "intelligence'' has too
long been circumscribed in its ap
plication by the four small walls of
the Farm. The Daily "peeked" over
the top yesterday and awoke to a
new significance.
Ken Livingston, '35
Yea, that's what we thought.—
Ed.
A total of 48,420 persons paid
$147,551 to witness the last game of
the world series.
The Editor. Sir:
It is a very long time since any !
Stanford editorial has taken the bit
in its teeth as yours on war did in
Wednesday's paper.
Our success or failure as a gen
eration rests upon our ability to
solve those problems which today
paralyze the civilized world and
which tomorrow will destroy it un
less we act. That is our responsi
bility—and yet most of us drift
through four years of college experi
ence without ever realizing that our
greatest opportunity to develop a co
herent and rational approach to those
problems is not after we leave col
lege, but while we are here.
Stanford's "intelligence'' has too
long been circumscribed in its ap
plication by the four small walls of
the Farm. The Daily "peeked" over
the top yesterday and awoke to a
new significance.
Ken Livingston, '35
Yea, that's what we thought.—
Ed.
A total of 48,420 persons paid
$147,551 to witness the last game of
the world series.
The Editor. Sir:
It is a very long time since any !
Stanford editorial has taken the bit
in its teeth as yours on war did in
Wednesday's paper.
Our success or failure as a gen
eration rests upon our ability to
solve those problems which today
paralyze the civilized world and
which tomorrow will destroy it un
less we act. That is our responsi
bility—and yet most of us drift
through four years of college experi
ence without ever realizing that our
greatest opportunity to develop a co
herent and rational approach to those
problems is not after we leave col
lege, but while we are here.
Stanford's "intelligence'' has too
long been circumscribed in its ap
plication by the four small walls of
the Farm. The Daily "peeked" over
the top yesterday and awoke to a
new significance.
Ken Livingston, '35
Yea, that's what we thought.—
Ed.
A total of 48,420 persons paid
$147,551 to witness the last game of
the world series.
The Editor. Sir:
It is a very long time since any !
Stanford editorial has taken the bit
in its teeth as yours on war did in
Wednesday's paper.
Our success or failure as a gen
eration rests upon our ability to
solve those problems which today
paralyze the civilized world and
which tomorrow will destroy it un
less we act. That is our responsi
bility—and yet most of us drift
through four years of college experi
ence without ever realizing that our
greatest opportunity to develop a co
herent and rational approach to those
problems is not after we leave col
lege, but while we are here.
Stanford's "intelligence'' has too
long been circumscribed in its ap
plication by the four small walls of
the Farm. The Daily "peeked" over
the top yesterday and awoke to a
new significance.
Ken Livingston, '35
Yea, that's what we thought.—
Ed.
A total of 48,420 persons paid
$147,551 to witness the last game of
the world series.
The Editor. Sir:
It is a very long time since any !
Stanford editorial has taken the bit
in its teeth as yours on war did in
Wednesday's paper.
Our success or failure as a gen
eration rests upon our ability to
solve those problems which today
paralyze the civilized world and
which tomorrow will destroy it un
less we act. That is our responsi
bility—and yet most of us drift
through four years of college experi
ence without ever realizing that our
greatest opportunity to develop a co
herent and rational approach to those
problems is not after we leave col
lege, but while we are here.
Stanford's "intelligence'' has too
long been circumscribed in its ap
plication by the four small walls of
the Farm. The Daily "peeked" over
the top yesterday and awoke to a
new significance.
Ken Livingston, '35
Yea, that's what we thought.—
Ed.
A total of 48,420 persons paid
$147,551 to witness the last game of
the world series.
The Editor. Sir:
It is a very long time since any !
Stanford editorial has taken the bit
in its teeth as yours on war did in
Wednesday's paper.
Our success or failure as a gen
eration rests upon our ability to
solve those problems which today
paralyze the civilized world and
which tomorrow will destroy it un
less we act. That is our responsi
bility—and yet most of us drift
through four years of college experi
ence without ever realizing that our
greatest opportunity to develop a co
herent and rational approach to those
problems is not after we leave col
lege, but while we are here.
Stanford's "intelligence'' has too
long been circumscribed in its ap
plication by the four small walls of
the Farm. The Daily "peeked" over
the top yesterday and awoke to a
new significance.
Ken Livingston, '35
Yea, that's what we thought.—
Ed.
A total of 48,420 persons paid
$147,551 to witness the last game of
the world series.
The Editor. Sir:
It is a very long time since any !
Stanford editorial has taken the bit
in its teeth as yours on war did in
Wednesday's paper.
Our success or failure as a gen
eration rests upon our ability to
solve those problems which today
paralyze the civilized world and
which tomorrow will destroy it un
less we act. That is our responsi
bility—and yet most of us drift
through four years of college experi
ence without ever realizing that our
greatest opportunity to develop a co
herent and rational approach to those
problems is not after we leave col
lege, but while we are here.
Stanford's "intelligence'' has too
long been circumscribed in its ap
plication by the four small walls of
the Farm. The Daily "peeked" over
the top yesterday and awoke to a
new significance.
Ken Livingston, '35
Yea, that's what we thought.—
Ed.
A total of 48,420 persons paid
$147,551 to witness the last game of
the world series.
The Editor. Sir:
It is a very long time since any !
Stanford editorial has taken the bit
in its teeth as yours on war did in
Wednesday's paper.
Our success or failure as a gen
eration rests upon our ability to
solve those problems which today
paralyze the civilized world and
which tomorrow will destroy it un
less we act. That is our responsi
bility—and yet most of us drift
through four years of college experi
ence without ever realizing that our
greatest opportunity to develop a co
herent and rational approach to those
problems is not after we leave col
lege, but while we are here.
Stanford's "intelligence'' has too
long been circumscribed in its ap
plication by the four small walls of
the Farm. The Daily "peeked" over
the top yesterday and awoke to a
new significance.
Ken Livingston, '35
Yea, that's what we thought.—
Ed.
A total of 48,420 persons paid
$147,551 to witness the last game of
the world series.
The Editor. Sir:
It is a very long time since any !
Stanford editorial has taken the bit
in its teeth as yours on war did in
Wednesday's paper.
Our success or failure as a gen
eration rests upon our ability to
solve those problems which today
paralyze the civilized world and
which tomorrow will destroy it un
less we act. That is our responsi
bility—and yet most of us drift
through four years of college experi
ence without ever realizing that our
greatest opportunity to develop a co
herent and rational approach to those
problems is not after we leave col
lege, but while we are here.
Stanford's "intelligence'' has too
long been circumscribed in its ap
plication by the four small walls of
the Farm. The Daily "peeked" over
the top yesterday and awoke to a
new significance.
Ken Livingston, '35
Yea, that's what we thought.—
Ed.
A total of 48,420 persons paid
$147,551 to witness the last game of
the world series.
The Editor. Sir:
It is a very long time since any !
Stanford editorial has taken the bit
in its teeth as yours on war did in
Wednesday's paper.
Our success or failure as a gen
eration rests upon our ability to
solve those problems which today
paralyze the civilized world and
which tomorrow will destroy it un
less we act. That is our responsi
bility—and yet most of us drift
through four years of college experi
ence without ever realizing that our
greatest opportunity to develop a co
herent and rational approach to those
problems is not after we leave col
lege, but while we are here.
Stanford's "intelligence'' has too
long been circumscribed in its ap
plication by the four small walls of
the Farm. The Daily "peeked" over
the top yesterday and awoke to a
new significance.
Ken Livingston, '35
Yea, that's what we thought.—
Ed.
A total of 48,420 persons paid
$147,551 to witness the last game of
the world series.
The Editor. Sir:
It is a very long time since any !
Stanford editorial has taken the bit
in its teeth as yours on war did in
Wednesday's paper.
Our success or failure as a gen
eration rests upon our ability to
solve those problems which today
paralyze the civilized world and
which tomorrow will destroy it un
less we act. That is our responsi
bility—and yet most of us drift
through four years of college experi
ence without ever realizing that our
greatest opportunity to develop a co
herent and rational approach to those
problems is not after we leave col
lege, but while we are here.
Stanford's "intelligence'' has too
long been circumscribed in its ap
plication by the four small walls of
the Farm. The Daily "peeked" over
the top yesterday and awoke to a
new significance.
Ken Livingston, '35
Yea, that's what we thought.—
Ed.
A total of 48,420 persons paid
$147,551 to witness the last game of
the world series.
The Editor. Sir:
It is a very long time since any !
Stanford editorial has taken the bit
in its teeth as yours on war did in
Wednesday's paper.
Our success or failure as a gen
eration rests upon our ability to
solve those problems which today
paralyze the civilized world and
which tomorrow will destroy it un
less we act. That is our responsi
bility—and yet most of us drift
through four years of college experi
ence without ever realizing that our
greatest opportunity to develop a co
herent and rational approach to those
problems is not after we leave col
lege, but while we are here.
Stanford's "intelligence'' has too
long been circumscribed in its ap
plication by the four small walls of
the Farm. The Daily "peeked" over
the top yesterday and awoke to a
new significance.
Ken Livingston, '35
Yea, that's what we thought.—
Ed.
A total of 48,420 persons paid
$147,551 to witness the last game of
the world series.
