# Author dismisses criticism of his Reagan biography
## 
### 
WASHINGTON (AP) —
Ronald Reagan's biographer said
Sunday that ideological bias is the
reason some conservatives have crit
icized his portrayal of the former
president.
"Ideological loyalty is a form of
sentimentality," author Edmund
Morris said on NBC's "Meet the
Press."
"I have no doubt whatsoever that
Reagan was a great man and a great
president, but some of his conversa
tions, as you may possibly have
noticed yourself, in private (were)

quite astonishingly banal," Morris
said.
Morris has been criticized by con
servative columnists, including
columnist George Will, for writing
in his b(x>k that Reagan seemed to
him, at times during private inter
views, to be "an apparent airhead."
Morris, however, said that since
his btxik was published, three of
Reagan's four adult children —
although not Reagan's politically
outspoken daughter Maureen Rea
gan — have affirmed its overall por
trayal of their father.
WASHINGTON (AP) —
Ronald Reagan's biographer said
Sunday that ideological bias is the
reason some conservatives have crit
icized his portrayal of the former
president.
"Ideological loyalty is a form of
sentimentality," author Edmund
Morris said on NBC's "Meet the
Press."
"I have no doubt whatsoever that
Reagan was a great man and a great
president, but some of his conversa
tions, as you may possibly have
noticed yourself, in private (were)

quite astonishingly banal," Morris
said.
Morris has been criticized by con
servative columnists, including
columnist George Will, for writing
in his b(x>k that Reagan seemed to
him, at times during private inter
views, to be "an apparent airhead."
Morris, however, said that since
his btxik was published, three of
Reagan's four adult children —
although not Reagan's politically
outspoken daughter Maureen Rea
gan — have affirmed its overall por
trayal of their father.
WASHINGTON (AP) —
Ronald Reagan's biographer said
Sunday that ideological bias is the
reason some conservatives have crit
icized his portrayal of the former
president.
"Ideological loyalty is a form of
sentimentality," author Edmund
Morris said on NBC's "Meet the
Press."
"I have no doubt whatsoever that
Reagan was a great man and a great
president, but some of his conversa
tions, as you may possibly have
noticed yourself, in private (were)

quite astonishingly banal," Morris
said.
Morris has been criticized by con
servative columnists, including
columnist George Will, for writing
in his b(x>k that Reagan seemed to
him, at times during private inter
views, to be "an apparent airhead."
Morris, however, said that since
his btxik was published, three of
Reagan's four adult children —
although not Reagan's politically
outspoken daughter Maureen Rea
gan — have affirmed its overall por
trayal of their father.
WASHINGTON (AP) —
Ronald Reagan's biographer said
Sunday that ideological bias is the
reason some conservatives have crit
icized his portrayal of the former
president.
"Ideological loyalty is a form of
sentimentality," author Edmund
Morris said on NBC's "Meet the
Press."
"I have no doubt whatsoever that
Reagan was a great man and a great
president, but some of his conversa
tions, as you may possibly have
noticed yourself, in private (were)

quite astonishingly banal," Morris
said.
Morris has been criticized by con
servative columnists, including
columnist George Will, for writing
in his b(x>k that Reagan seemed to
him, at times during private inter
views, to be "an apparent airhead."
Morris, however, said that since
his btxik was published, three of
Reagan's four adult children —
although not Reagan's politically
outspoken daughter Maureen Rea
gan — have affirmed its overall por
trayal of their father.
WASHINGTON (AP) —
Ronald Reagan's biographer said
Sunday that ideological bias is the
reason some conservatives have crit
icized his portrayal of the former
president.
"Ideological loyalty is a form of
sentimentality," author Edmund
Morris said on NBC's "Meet the
Press."
"I have no doubt whatsoever that
Reagan was a great man and a great
president, but some of his conversa
tions, as you may possibly have
noticed yourself, in private (were)

quite astonishingly banal," Morris
said.
Morris has been criticized by con
servative columnists, including
columnist George Will, for writing
in his b(x>k that Reagan seemed to
him, at times during private inter
views, to be "an apparent airhead."
Morris, however, said that since
his btxik was published, three of
Reagan's four adult children —
although not Reagan's politically
outspoken daughter Maureen Rea
gan — have affirmed its overall por
trayal of their father.
WASHINGTON (AP) —
Ronald Reagan's biographer said
Sunday that ideological bias is the
reason some conservatives have crit
icized his portrayal of the former
president.
"Ideological loyalty is a form of
sentimentality," author Edmund
Morris said on NBC's "Meet the
Press."
"I have no doubt whatsoever that
Reagan was a great man and a great
president, but some of his conversa
tions, as you may possibly have
noticed yourself, in private (were)

quite astonishingly banal," Morris
said.
Morris has been criticized by con
servative columnists, including
columnist George Will, for writing
in his b(x>k that Reagan seemed to
him, at times during private inter
views, to be "an apparent airhead."
Morris, however, said that since
his btxik was published, three of
Reagan's four adult children —
although not Reagan's politically
outspoken daughter Maureen Rea
gan — have affirmed its overall por
trayal of their father.
