# MONEY FOR RADIUM IS GIVEN TO UNIVERSITY
## 
### 
Twelve thousand dollars has been
presented to Stanford University by
Mr. and Mrs. William Fitzhugh of San
Francisco. This money is to be used
for the purchase of radium for the
Stanford University Medical School,
and will thus make possible the treat
ment of a number of diseases which
require its use.
Twelve thousand dollars has been
presented to Stanford University by
Mr. and Mrs. William Fitzhugh of San
Francisco. This money is to be used
for the purchase of radium for the
Stanford University Medical School,
and will thus make possible the treat
ment of a number of diseases which
require its use.
Twelve thousand dollars has been
presented to Stanford University by
Mr. and Mrs. William Fitzhugh of San
Francisco. This money is to be used
for the purchase of radium for the
Stanford University Medical School,
and will thus make possible the treat
ment of a number of diseases which
require its use.
Twelve thousand dollars has been
presented to Stanford University by
Mr. and Mrs. William Fitzhugh of San
Francisco. This money is to be used
for the purchase of radium for the
Stanford University Medical School,
and will thus make possible the treat
ment of a number of diseases which
require its use.
Twelve thousand dollars has been
presented to Stanford University by
Mr. and Mrs. William Fitzhugh of San
Francisco. This money is to be used
for the purchase of radium for the
Stanford University Medical School,
and will thus make possible the treat
ment of a number of diseases which
require its use.
Twelve thousand dollars has been
presented to Stanford University by
Mr. and Mrs. William Fitzhugh of San
Francisco. This money is to be used
for the purchase of radium for the
Stanford University Medical School,
and will thus make possible the treat
ment of a number of diseases which
require its use.
Twelve thousand dollars has been
presented to Stanford University by
Mr. and Mrs. William Fitzhugh of San
Francisco. This money is to be used
for the purchase of radium for the
Stanford University Medical School,
and will thus make possible the treat
ment of a number of diseases which
require its use.
Twelve thousand dollars has been
presented to Stanford University by
Mr. and Mrs. William Fitzhugh of San
Francisco. This money is to be used
for the purchase of radium for the
Stanford University Medical School,
and will thus make possible the treat
ment of a number of diseases which
require its use.
Twelve thousand dollars has been
presented to Stanford University by
Mr. and Mrs. William Fitzhugh of San
Francisco. This money is to be used
for the purchase of radium for the
Stanford University Medical School,
and will thus make possible the treat
ment of a number of diseases which
require its use.
Twelve thousand dollars has been
presented to Stanford University by
Mr. and Mrs. William Fitzhugh of San
Francisco. This money is to be used
for the purchase of radium for the
Stanford University Medical School,
and will thus make possible the treat
ment of a number of diseases which
require its use.
Twelve thousand dollars has been
presented to Stanford University by
Mr. and Mrs. William Fitzhugh of San
Francisco. This money is to be used
for the purchase of radium for the
Stanford University Medical School,
and will thus make possible the treat
ment of a number of diseases which
require its use.
Twelve thousand dollars has been
presented to Stanford University by
Mr. and Mrs. William Fitzhugh of San
Francisco. This money is to be used
for the purchase of radium for the
Stanford University Medical School,
and will thus make possible the treat
ment of a number of diseases which
require its use.
Twelve thousand dollars has been
presented to Stanford University by
Mr. and Mrs. William Fitzhugh of San
Francisco. This money is to be used
for the purchase of radium for the
Stanford University Medical School,
and will thus make possible the treat
ment of a number of diseases which
require its use.
