# ENCINA MEN ARE TO RESERVE ROOMS NOW
## 
### 
Beginning Wednesday, March 12,
present occupants of Encina Hall may
make room reservations at the office
of the dean of men for the spring
quarter. All students wishing to re
tain their present rooms must notify
the dean of men not later than Mon
day, March 17. After that date a
drawing will be held for choice of un
occupied rooms.
Beginning Wednesday, March 12,
present occupants of Encina Hall may
make room reservations at the office
of the dean of men for the spring
quarter. All students wishing to re
tain their present rooms must notify
the dean of men not later than Mon
day, March 17. After that date a
drawing will be held for choice of un
occupied rooms.
Beginning Wednesday, March 12,
present occupants of Encina Hall may
make room reservations at the office
of the dean of men for the spring
quarter. All students wishing to re
tain their present rooms must notify
the dean of men not later than Mon
day, March 17. After that date a
drawing will be held for choice of un
occupied rooms.
Beginning Wednesday, March 12,
present occupants of Encina Hall may
make room reservations at the office
of the dean of men for the spring
quarter. All students wishing to re
tain their present rooms must notify
the dean of men not later than Mon
day, March 17. After that date a
drawing will be held for choice of un
occupied rooms.
Beginning Wednesday, March 12,
present occupants of Encina Hall may
make room reservations at the office
of the dean of men for the spring
quarter. All students wishing to re
tain their present rooms must notify
the dean of men not later than Mon
day, March 17. After that date a
drawing will be held for choice of un
occupied rooms.
Beginning Wednesday, March 12,
present occupants of Encina Hall may
make room reservations at the office
of the dean of men for the spring
quarter. All students wishing to re
tain their present rooms must notify
the dean of men not later than Mon
day, March 17. After that date a
drawing will be held for choice of un
occupied rooms.
Beginning Wednesday, March 12,
present occupants of Encina Hall may
make room reservations at the office
of the dean of men for the spring
quarter. All students wishing to re
tain their present rooms must notify
the dean of men not later than Mon
day, March 17. After that date a
drawing will be held for choice of un
occupied rooms.
Beginning Wednesday, March 12,
present occupants of Encina Hall may
make room reservations at the office
of the dean of men for the spring
quarter. All students wishing to re
tain their present rooms must notify
the dean of men not later than Mon
day, March 17. After that date a
drawing will be held for choice of un
occupied rooms.
Beginning Wednesday, March 12,
present occupants of Encina Hall may
make room reservations at the office
of the dean of men for the spring
quarter. All students wishing to re
tain their present rooms must notify
the dean of men not later than Mon
day, March 17. After that date a
drawing will be held for choice of un
occupied rooms.
Beginning Wednesday, March 12,
present occupants of Encina Hall may
make room reservations at the office
of the dean of men for the spring
quarter. All students wishing to re
tain their present rooms must notify
the dean of men not later than Mon
day, March 17. After that date a
drawing will be held for choice of un
occupied rooms.
Beginning Wednesday, March 12,
present occupants of Encina Hall may
make room reservations at the office
of the dean of men for the spring
quarter. All students wishing to re
tain their present rooms must notify
the dean of men not later than Mon
day, March 17. After that date a
drawing will be held for choice of un
occupied rooms.
Beginning Wednesday, March 12,
present occupants of Encina Hall may
make room reservations at the office
of the dean of men for the spring
quarter. All students wishing to re
tain their present rooms must notify
the dean of men not later than Mon
day, March 17. After that date a
drawing will be held for choice of un
occupied rooms.
Beginning Wednesday, March 12,
present occupants of Encina Hall may
make room reservations at the office
of the dean of men for the spring
quarter. All students wishing to re
tain their present rooms must notify
the dean of men not later than Mon
day, March 17. After that date a
drawing will be held for choice of un
occupied rooms.
