# SCHEDULE ANNOUNCED FOR EXAMINATIONS
## 
### 
Schedules of the time for end-quarter
examinations has been announced by the
committee on "Schedule and Examina
tions" and may be obtained at the Regis
trar's office. Examinations will take
place Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday
of next week. Examination periods will
be either two or four hours in length.
According to the faculty regulations,
"there shall be no preliminary or final
examinations held during the week( six
week days) preceding this examination."
The schedule is arranged in the usual
form.
Schedules of the time for end-quarter
examinations has been announced by the
committee on "Schedule and Examina
tions" and may be obtained at the Regis
trar's office. Examinations will take
place Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday
of next week. Examination periods will
be either two or four hours in length.
According to the faculty regulations,
"there shall be no preliminary or final
examinations held during the week( six
week days) preceding this examination."
The schedule is arranged in the usual
form.
Schedules of the time for end-quarter
examinations has been announced by the
committee on "Schedule and Examina
tions" and may be obtained at the Regis
trar's office. Examinations will take
place Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday
of next week. Examination periods will
be either two or four hours in length.
According to the faculty regulations,
"there shall be no preliminary or final
examinations held during the week( six
week days) preceding this examination."
The schedule is arranged in the usual
form.
Schedules of the time for end-quarter
examinations has been announced by the
committee on "Schedule and Examina
tions" and may be obtained at the Regis
trar's office. Examinations will take
place Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday
of next week. Examination periods will
be either two or four hours in length.
According to the faculty regulations,
"there shall be no preliminary or final
examinations held during the week( six
week days) preceding this examination."
The schedule is arranged in the usual
form.
Schedules of the time for end-quarter
examinations has been announced by the
committee on "Schedule and Examina
tions" and may be obtained at the Regis
trar's office. Examinations will take
place Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday
of next week. Examination periods will
be either two or four hours in length.
According to the faculty regulations,
"there shall be no preliminary or final
examinations held during the week( six
week days) preceding this examination."
The schedule is arranged in the usual
form.
Schedules of the time for end-quarter
examinations has been announced by the
committee on "Schedule and Examina
tions" and may be obtained at the Regis
trar's office. Examinations will take
place Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday
of next week. Examination periods will
be either two or four hours in length.
According to the faculty regulations,
"there shall be no preliminary or final
examinations held during the week( six
week days) preceding this examination."
The schedule is arranged in the usual
form.
Schedules of the time for end-quarter
examinations has been announced by the
committee on "Schedule and Examina
tions" and may be obtained at the Regis
trar's office. Examinations will take
place Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday
of next week. Examination periods will
be either two or four hours in length.
According to the faculty regulations,
"there shall be no preliminary or final
examinations held during the week( six
week days) preceding this examination."
The schedule is arranged in the usual
form.
Schedules of the time for end-quarter
examinations has been announced by the
committee on "Schedule and Examina
tions" and may be obtained at the Regis
trar's office. Examinations will take
place Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday
of next week. Examination periods will
be either two or four hours in length.
According to the faculty regulations,
"there shall be no preliminary or final
examinations held during the week( six
week days) preceding this examination."
The schedule is arranged in the usual
form.
Schedules of the time for end-quarter
examinations has been announced by the
committee on "Schedule and Examina
tions" and may be obtained at the Regis
trar's office. Examinations will take
place Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday
of next week. Examination periods will
be either two or four hours in length.
According to the faculty regulations,
"there shall be no preliminary or final
examinations held during the week( six
week days) preceding this examination."
The schedule is arranged in the usual
form.
Schedules of the time for end-quarter
examinations has been announced by the
committee on "Schedule and Examina
tions" and may be obtained at the Regis
trar's office. Examinations will take
place Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday
of next week. Examination periods will
be either two or four hours in length.
According to the faculty regulations,
"there shall be no preliminary or final
examinations held during the week( six
week days) preceding this examination."
The schedule is arranged in the usual
form.
Schedules of the time for end-quarter
examinations has been announced by the
committee on "Schedule and Examina
tions" and may be obtained at the Regis
trar's office. Examinations will take
place Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday
of next week. Examination periods will
be either two or four hours in length.
According to the faculty regulations,
"there shall be no preliminary or final
examinations held during the week( six
week days) preceding this examination."
The schedule is arranged in the usual
form.
Schedules of the time for end-quarter
examinations has been announced by the
committee on "Schedule and Examina
tions" and may be obtained at the Regis
trar's office. Examinations will take
place Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday
of next week. Examination periods will
be either two or four hours in length.
According to the faculty regulations,
"there shall be no preliminary or final
examinations held during the week( six
week days) preceding this examination."
The schedule is arranged in the usual
form.
Schedules of the time for end-quarter
examinations has been announced by the
committee on "Schedule and Examina
tions" and may be obtained at the Regis
trar's office. Examinations will take
place Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday
of next week. Examination periods will
be either two or four hours in length.
According to the faculty regulations,
"there shall be no preliminary or final
examinations held during the week( six
week days) preceding this examination."
The schedule is arranged in the usual
form.
