# Quads.
## 
### 
K. \j. Dole, '11, will enter the Har
vard Medical College this fall. He in
tends to tiike up tlie full four year
course!
('. 11. Ornie, 'It!, suffered a broken
rib and a bruised left side in last
night's practice from a chance kick.
The injury, though painful, will not
prove serious.
K. \j. Dole, '11, will enter the Har
vard Medical College this fall. He in
tends to tiike up tlie full four year
course!
('. 11. Ornie, 'It!, suffered a broken
rib and a bruised left side in last
night's practice from a chance kick.
The injury, though painful, will not
prove serious.
K. \j. Dole, '11, will enter the Har
vard Medical College this fall. He in
tends to tiike up tlie full four year
course!
('. 11. Ornie, 'It!, suffered a broken
rib and a bruised left side in last
night's practice from a chance kick.
The injury, though painful, will not
prove serious.
K. \j. Dole, '11, will enter the Har
vard Medical College this fall. He in
tends to tiike up tlie full four year
course!
('. 11. Ornie, 'It!, suffered a broken
rib and a bruised left side in last
night's practice from a chance kick.
The injury, though painful, will not
prove serious.
K. \j. Dole, '11, will enter the Har
vard Medical College this fall. He in
tends to tiike up tlie full four year
course!
('. 11. Ornie, 'It!, suffered a broken
rib and a bruised left side in last
night's practice from a chance kick.
The injury, though painful, will not
prove serious.
K. \j. Dole, '11, will enter the Har
vard Medical College this fall. He in
tends to tiike up tlie full four year
course!
('. 11. Ornie, 'It!, suffered a broken
rib and a bruised left side in last
night's practice from a chance kick.
The injury, though painful, will not
prove serious.
K. \j. Dole, '11, will enter the Har
vard Medical College this fall. He in
tends to tiike up tlie full four year
course!
('. 11. Ornie, 'It!, suffered a broken
rib and a bruised left side in last
night's practice from a chance kick.
The injury, though painful, will not
prove serious.
K. \j. Dole, '11, will enter the Har
vard Medical College this fall. He in
tends to tiike up tlie full four year
course!
('. 11. Ornie, 'It!, suffered a broken
rib and a bruised left side in last
night's practice from a chance kick.
The injury, though painful, will not
prove serious.
K. \j. Dole, '11, will enter the Har
vard Medical College this fall. He in
tends to tiike up tlie full four year
course!
('. 11. Ornie, 'It!, suffered a broken
rib and a bruised left side in last
night's practice from a chance kick.
The injury, though painful, will not
prove serious.
K. \j. Dole, '11, will enter the Har
vard Medical College this fall. He in
tends to tiike up tlie full four year
course!
('. 11. Ornie, 'It!, suffered a broken
rib and a bruised left side in last
night's practice from a chance kick.
The injury, though painful, will not
prove serious.
K. \j. Dole, '11, will enter the Har
vard Medical College this fall. He in
tends to tiike up tlie full four year
course!
('. 11. Ornie, 'It!, suffered a broken
rib and a bruised left side in last
night's practice from a chance kick.
The injury, though painful, will not
prove serious.
K. \j. Dole, '11, will enter the Har
vard Medical College this fall. He in
tends to tiike up tlie full four year
course!
('. 11. Ornie, 'It!, suffered a broken
rib and a bruised left side in last
night's practice from a chance kick.
The injury, though painful, will not
prove serious.
K. \j. Dole, '11, will enter the Har
vard Medical College this fall. He in
tends to tiike up tlie full four year
course!
('. 11. Ornie, 'It!, suffered a broken
rib and a bruised left side in last
night's practice from a chance kick.
The injury, though painful, will not
prove serious.
