# Better Railway Service for Palo Alto.
## 
### 
Car service in Palo Alto is to be
extended three-quarters of a mile be
yond the Embarcadero road, the pres
ent terminus of the Waverly street
line.
Cars are expected to be running on
thp new tracks about November first.
Car service in Palo Alto is to be
extended three-quarters of a mile be
yond the Embarcadero road, the pres
ent terminus of the Waverly street
line.
Cars are expected to be running on
thp new tracks about November first.
Car service in Palo Alto is to be
extended three-quarters of a mile be
yond the Embarcadero road, the pres
ent terminus of the Waverly street
line.
Cars are expected to be running on
thp new tracks about November first.
Car service in Palo Alto is to be
extended three-quarters of a mile be
yond the Embarcadero road, the pres
ent terminus of the Waverly street
line.
Cars are expected to be running on
thp new tracks about November first.
Car service in Palo Alto is to be
extended three-quarters of a mile be
yond the Embarcadero road, the pres
ent terminus of the Waverly street
line.
Cars are expected to be running on
thp new tracks about November first.
Car service in Palo Alto is to be
extended three-quarters of a mile be
yond the Embarcadero road, the pres
ent terminus of the Waverly street
line.
Cars are expected to be running on
thp new tracks about November first.
Car service in Palo Alto is to be
extended three-quarters of a mile be
yond the Embarcadero road, the pres
ent terminus of the Waverly street
line.
Cars are expected to be running on
thp new tracks about November first.
Car service in Palo Alto is to be
extended three-quarters of a mile be
yond the Embarcadero road, the pres
ent terminus of the Waverly street
line.
Cars are expected to be running on
thp new tracks about November first.
Car service in Palo Alto is to be
extended three-quarters of a mile be
yond the Embarcadero road, the pres
ent terminus of the Waverly street
line.
Cars are expected to be running on
thp new tracks about November first.
Car service in Palo Alto is to be
extended three-quarters of a mile be
yond the Embarcadero road, the pres
ent terminus of the Waverly street
line.
Cars are expected to be running on
thp new tracks about November first.
Car service in Palo Alto is to be
extended three-quarters of a mile be
yond the Embarcadero road, the pres
ent terminus of the Waverly street
line.
Cars are expected to be running on
thp new tracks about November first.
Car service in Palo Alto is to be
extended three-quarters of a mile be
yond the Embarcadero road, the pres
ent terminus of the Waverly street
line.
Cars are expected to be running on
thp new tracks about November first.
Car service in Palo Alto is to be
extended three-quarters of a mile be
yond the Embarcadero road, the pres
ent terminus of the Waverly street
line.
Cars are expected to be running on
thp new tracks about November first.
