# Mrs. Stanford in San Francisco.
## 
### 
Mrs. Stanford arrived in San
Francisco yesterday morning after
a short stay at Lake Tahoe. She
will not return to her home until
after attending the meeting of the
Board of Trustees, which will be
held in San Francisco tomorrow.
Mrs. Stanford arrived in San
Francisco yesterday morning after
a short stay at Lake Tahoe. She
will not return to her home until
after attending the meeting of the
Board of Trustees, which will be
held in San Francisco tomorrow.
Mrs. Stanford arrived in San
Francisco yesterday morning after
a short stay at Lake Tahoe. She
will not return to her home until
after attending the meeting of the
Board of Trustees, which will be
held in San Francisco tomorrow.
Mrs. Stanford arrived in San
Francisco yesterday morning after
a short stay at Lake Tahoe. She
will not return to her home until
after attending the meeting of the
Board of Trustees, which will be
held in San Francisco tomorrow.
Mrs. Stanford arrived in San
Francisco yesterday morning after
a short stay at Lake Tahoe. She
will not return to her home until
after attending the meeting of the
Board of Trustees, which will be
held in San Francisco tomorrow.
Mrs. Stanford arrived in San
Francisco yesterday morning after
a short stay at Lake Tahoe. She
will not return to her home until
after attending the meeting of the
Board of Trustees, which will be
held in San Francisco tomorrow.
Mrs. Stanford arrived in San
Francisco yesterday morning after
a short stay at Lake Tahoe. She
will not return to her home until
after attending the meeting of the
Board of Trustees, which will be
held in San Francisco tomorrow.
Mrs. Stanford arrived in San
Francisco yesterday morning after
a short stay at Lake Tahoe. She
will not return to her home until
after attending the meeting of the
Board of Trustees, which will be
held in San Francisco tomorrow.
