# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—C. W. Thomas, '03, is visiting
on the campus. He intends to
enter the Harvard Law School this
fall.
—R. S. Dougherty, ex-'O5, has
received the appointment of cadet
at-large from California to West
Point.
—C. W. Thomas, '03, is visiting
on the campus. He intends to
enter the Harvard Law School this
fall.
—R. S. Dougherty, ex-'O5, has
received the appointment of cadet
at-large from California to West
Point.
—C. W. Thomas, '03, is visiting
on the campus. He intends to
enter the Harvard Law School this
fall.
—R. S. Dougherty, ex-'O5, has
received the appointment of cadet
at-large from California to West
Point.
—C. W. Thomas, '03, is visiting
on the campus. He intends to
enter the Harvard Law School this
fall.
—R. S. Dougherty, ex-'O5, has
received the appointment of cadet
at-large from California to West
Point.
—C. W. Thomas, '03, is visiting
on the campus. He intends to
enter the Harvard Law School this
fall.
—R. S. Dougherty, ex-'O5, has
received the appointment of cadet
at-large from California to West
Point.
—C. W. Thomas, '03, is visiting
on the campus. He intends to
enter the Harvard Law School this
fall.
—R. S. Dougherty, ex-'O5, has
received the appointment of cadet
at-large from California to West
Point.
—C. W. Thomas, '03, is visiting
on the campus. He intends to
enter the Harvard Law School this
fall.
—R. S. Dougherty, ex-'O5, has
received the appointment of cadet
at-large from California to West
Point.
—C. W. Thomas, '03, is visiting
on the campus. He intends to
enter the Harvard Law School this
fall.
—R. S. Dougherty, ex-'O5, has
received the appointment of cadet
at-large from California to West
Point.
