# First Day's Registration.
## 
### 
The registration for to-day up to
5 this evening numbered 750 stu
dents. The figures for the corre
sponding day last year were 707.
Treasurer Barrett up to 5 this
evening had received 574 student
body assessments.
The registration for to-day up to
5 this evening numbered 750 stu
dents. The figures for the corre
sponding day last year were 707.
Treasurer Barrett up to 5 this
evening had received 574 student
body assessments.
The registration for to-day up to
5 this evening numbered 750 stu
dents. The figures for the corre
sponding day last year were 707.
Treasurer Barrett up to 5 this
evening had received 574 student
body assessments.
The registration for to-day up to
5 this evening numbered 750 stu
dents. The figures for the corre
sponding day last year were 707.
Treasurer Barrett up to 5 this
evening had received 574 student
body assessments.
The registration for to-day up to
5 this evening numbered 750 stu
dents. The figures for the corre
sponding day last year were 707.
Treasurer Barrett up to 5 this
evening had received 574 student
body assessments.
The registration for to-day up to
5 this evening numbered 750 stu
dents. The figures for the corre
sponding day last year were 707.
Treasurer Barrett up to 5 this
evening had received 574 student
body assessments.
The registration for to-day up to
5 this evening numbered 750 stu
dents. The figures for the corre
sponding day last year were 707.
Treasurer Barrett up to 5 this
evening had received 574 student
body assessments.
The registration for to-day up to
5 this evening numbered 750 stu
dents. The figures for the corre
sponding day last year were 707.
Treasurer Barrett up to 5 this
evening had received 574 student
body assessments.
