# Miss Irene Wright in Cuba.
## 
### 
The report that Miss Irene O.
Wright, ex-'O4, was among the vic
tims of the recent railroad disaster
in Colorado proved to be untrue.
Miss Wright is at present in Cuba,
and the error in the dispatches was
due to the presence of a less fortu
nate namesake on the ill-fated
train.
The report that Miss Irene O.
Wright, ex-'O4, was among the vic
tims of the recent railroad disaster
in Colorado proved to be untrue.
Miss Wright is at present in Cuba,
and the error in the dispatches was
due to the presence of a less fortu
nate namesake on the ill-fated
train.
The report that Miss Irene O.
Wright, ex-'O4, was among the vic
tims of the recent railroad disaster
in Colorado proved to be untrue.
Miss Wright is at present in Cuba,
and the error in the dispatches was
due to the presence of a less fortu
nate namesake on the ill-fated
train.
The report that Miss Irene O.
Wright, ex-'O4, was among the vic
tims of the recent railroad disaster
in Colorado proved to be untrue.
Miss Wright is at present in Cuba,
and the error in the dispatches was
due to the presence of a less fortu
nate namesake on the ill-fated
train.
The report that Miss Irene O.
Wright, ex-'O4, was among the vic
tims of the recent railroad disaster
in Colorado proved to be untrue.
Miss Wright is at present in Cuba,
and the error in the dispatches was
due to the presence of a less fortu
nate namesake on the ill-fated
train.
The report that Miss Irene O.
Wright, ex-'O4, was among the vic
tims of the recent railroad disaster
in Colorado proved to be untrue.
Miss Wright is at present in Cuba,
and the error in the dispatches was
due to the presence of a less fortu
nate namesake on the ill-fated
train.
The report that Miss Irene O.
Wright, ex-'O4, was among the vic
tims of the recent railroad disaster
in Colorado proved to be untrue.
Miss Wright is at present in Cuba,
and the error in the dispatches was
due to the presence of a less fortu
nate namesake on the ill-fated
train.
The report that Miss Irene O.
Wright, ex-'O4, was among the vic
tims of the recent railroad disaster
in Colorado proved to be untrue.
Miss Wright is at present in Cuba,
and the error in the dispatches was
due to the presence of a less fortu
nate namesake on the ill-fated
train.
