# MORE PLANES FOR ARMED FORCES
## 
### 

MOIUC SWIFT FIGHTER planes and giant transports for Uncle Sam's forces roll ofi' the final assembly line
at the Curtiss-Wright plant. In foreground are an advance type of P-40 fighters, while 25-ton "troopships
of the sky," new C-4(i type, are at the left. '

MOIUC SWIFT FIGHTER planes and giant transports for Uncle Sam's forces roll ofi' the final assembly line
at the Curtiss-Wright plant. In foreground are an advance type of P-40 fighters, while 25-ton "troopships
of the sky," new C-4(i type, are at the left. '

MOIUC SWIFT FIGHTER planes and giant transports for Uncle Sam's forces roll ofi' the final assembly line
at the Curtiss-Wright plant. In foreground are an advance type of P-40 fighters, while 25-ton "troopships
of the sky," new C-4(i type, are at the left. '

MOIUC SWIFT FIGHTER planes and giant transports for Uncle Sam's forces roll ofi' the final assembly line
at the Curtiss-Wright plant. In foreground are an advance type of P-40 fighters, while 25-ton "troopships
of the sky," new C-4(i type, are at the left. '

MOIUC SWIFT FIGHTER planes and giant transports for Uncle Sam's forces roll ofi' the final assembly line
at the Curtiss-Wright plant. In foreground are an advance type of P-40 fighters, while 25-ton "troopships
of the sky," new C-4(i type, are at the left. '

MOIUC SWIFT FIGHTER planes and giant transports for Uncle Sam's forces roll ofi' the final assembly line
at the Curtiss-Wright plant. In foreground are an advance type of P-40 fighters, while 25-ton "troopships
of the sky," new C-4(i type, are at the left. '

MOIUC SWIFT FIGHTER planes and giant transports for Uncle Sam's forces roll ofi' the final assembly line
at the Curtiss-Wright plant. In foreground are an advance type of P-40 fighters, while 25-ton "troopships
of the sky," new C-4(i type, are at the left. '

MOIUC SWIFT FIGHTER planes and giant transports for Uncle Sam's forces roll ofi' the final assembly line
at the Curtiss-Wright plant. In foreground are an advance type of P-40 fighters, while 25-ton "troopships
of the sky," new C-4(i type, are at the left. '

MOIUC SWIFT FIGHTER planes and giant transports for Uncle Sam's forces roll ofi' the final assembly line
at the Curtiss-Wright plant. In foreground are an advance type of P-40 fighters, while 25-ton "troopships
of the sky," new C-4(i type, are at the left. '

MOIUC SWIFT FIGHTER planes and giant transports for Uncle Sam's forces roll ofi' the final assembly line
at the Curtiss-Wright plant. In foreground are an advance type of P-40 fighters, while 25-ton "troopships
of the sky," new C-4(i type, are at the left. '

MOIUC SWIFT FIGHTER planes and giant transports for Uncle Sam's forces roll ofi' the final assembly line
at the Curtiss-Wright plant. In foreground are an advance type of P-40 fighters, while 25-ton "troopships
of the sky," new C-4(i type, are at the left. '

MOIUC SWIFT FIGHTER planes and giant transports for Uncle Sam's forces roll ofi' the final assembly line
at the Curtiss-Wright plant. In foreground are an advance type of P-40 fighters, while 25-ton "troopships
of the sky," new C-4(i type, are at the left. '

MOIUC SWIFT FIGHTER planes and giant transports for Uncle Sam's forces roll ofi' the final assembly line
at the Curtiss-Wright plant. In foreground are an advance type of P-40 fighters, while 25-ton "troopships
of the sky," new C-4(i type, are at the left. '

MOIUC SWIFT FIGHTER planes and giant transports for Uncle Sam's forces roll ofi' the final assembly line
at the Curtiss-Wright plant. In foreground are an advance type of P-40 fighters, while 25-ton "troopships
of the sky," new C-4(i type, are at the left. '

MOIUC SWIFT FIGHTER planes and giant transports for Uncle Sam's forces roll ofi' the final assembly line
at the Curtiss-Wright plant. In foreground are an advance type of P-40 fighters, while 25-ton "troopships
of the sky," new C-4(i type, are at the left. '

MOIUC SWIFT FIGHTER planes and giant transports for Uncle Sam's forces roll ofi' the final assembly line
at the Curtiss-Wright plant. In foreground are an advance type of P-40 fighters, while 25-ton "troopships
of the sky," new C-4(i type, are at the left. '

MOIUC SWIFT FIGHTER planes and giant transports for Uncle Sam's forces roll ofi' the final assembly line
at the Curtiss-Wright plant. In foreground are an advance type of P-40 fighters, while 25-ton "troopships
of the sky," new C-4(i type, are at the left. '

MOIUC SWIFT FIGHTER planes and giant transports for Uncle Sam's forces roll ofi' the final assembly line
at the Curtiss-Wright plant. In foreground are an advance type of P-40 fighters, while 25-ton "troopships
of the sky," new C-4(i type, are at the left. '
