# Reading Before Students.
## 
### 
Rev. D. Charles Gardner gave a
reading in the Law building last
night his subjeotj being, the
famous case of "Bardell vs. Pick
wick."
Rev. D. Charles Gardner gave a
reading in the Law building last
night his subjeotj being, the
famous case of "Bardell vs. Pick
wick."
Rev. D. Charles Gardner gave a
reading in the Law building last
night his subjeotj being, the
famous case of "Bardell vs. Pick
wick."
Rev. D. Charles Gardner gave a
reading in the Law building last
night his subjeotj being, the
famous case of "Bardell vs. Pick
wick."
Rev. D. Charles Gardner gave a
reading in the Law building last
night his subjeotj being, the
famous case of "Bardell vs. Pick
wick."
Rev. D. Charles Gardner gave a
reading in the Law building last
night his subjeotj being, the
famous case of "Bardell vs. Pick
wick."
Rev. D. Charles Gardner gave a
reading in the Law building last
night his subjeotj being, the
famous case of "Bardell vs. Pick
wick."
Rev. D. Charles Gardner gave a
reading in the Law building last
night his subjeotj being, the
famous case of "Bardell vs. Pick
wick."
