# Frances Huneke Wins AWS Post
## 
### 
Frances Huneke, a lloble fresh
tnan, was elected secretary of As
sociated Women Students hy 946
votes, Ihe election committee re
ported. She was opposed hy Pat
Taylor.
All other AWS officers were
chosen Monday in primary elec
tions.
Frances Huneke, a lloble fresh
tnan, was elected secretary of As
sociated Women Students hy 946
votes, Ihe election committee re
ported. She was opposed hy Pat
Taylor.
All other AWS officers were
chosen Monday in primary elec
tions.
Frances Huneke, a lloble fresh
tnan, was elected secretary of As
sociated Women Students hy 946
votes, Ihe election committee re
ported. She was opposed hy Pat
Taylor.
All other AWS officers were
chosen Monday in primary elec
tions.
Frances Huneke, a lloble fresh
tnan, was elected secretary of As
sociated Women Students hy 946
votes, Ihe election committee re
ported. She was opposed hy Pat
Taylor.
All other AWS officers were
chosen Monday in primary elec
tions.
Frances Huneke, a lloble fresh
tnan, was elected secretary of As
sociated Women Students hy 946
votes, Ihe election committee re
ported. She was opposed hy Pat
Taylor.
All other AWS officers were
chosen Monday in primary elec
tions.
Frances Huneke, a lloble fresh
tnan, was elected secretary of As
sociated Women Students hy 946
votes, Ihe election committee re
ported. She was opposed hy Pat
Taylor.
All other AWS officers were
chosen Monday in primary elec
tions.
Frances Huneke, a lloble fresh
tnan, was elected secretary of As
sociated Women Students hy 946
votes, Ihe election committee re
ported. She was opposed hy Pat
Taylor.
All other AWS officers were
chosen Monday in primary elec
tions.
Frances Huneke, a lloble fresh
tnan, was elected secretary of As
sociated Women Students hy 946
votes, Ihe election committee re
ported. She was opposed hy Pat
Taylor.
All other AWS officers were
chosen Monday in primary elec
tions.
Frances Huneke, a lloble fresh
tnan, was elected secretary of As
sociated Women Students hy 946
votes, Ihe election committee re
ported. She was opposed hy Pat
Taylor.
All other AWS officers were
chosen Monday in primary elec
tions.
Frances Huneke, a lloble fresh
tnan, was elected secretary of As
sociated Women Students hy 946
votes, Ihe election committee re
ported. She was opposed hy Pat
Taylor.
All other AWS officers were
chosen Monday in primary elec
tions.
Frances Huneke, a lloble fresh
tnan, was elected secretary of As
sociated Women Students hy 946
votes, Ihe election committee re
ported. She was opposed hy Pat
Taylor.
All other AWS officers were
chosen Monday in primary elec
tions.
Frances Huneke, a lloble fresh
tnan, was elected secretary of As
sociated Women Students hy 946
votes, Ihe election committee re
ported. She was opposed hy Pat
Taylor.
All other AWS officers were
chosen Monday in primary elec
tions.
Frances Huneke, a lloble fresh
tnan, was elected secretary of As
sociated Women Students hy 946
votes, Ihe election committee re
ported. She was opposed hy Pat
Taylor.
All other AWS officers were
chosen Monday in primary elec
tions.
Frances Huneke, a lloble fresh
tnan, was elected secretary of As
sociated Women Students hy 946
votes, Ihe election committee re
ported. She was opposed hy Pat
Taylor.
All other AWS officers were
chosen Monday in primary elec
tions.
Frances Huneke, a lloble fresh
tnan, was elected secretary of As
sociated Women Students hy 946
votes, Ihe election committee re
ported. She was opposed hy Pat
Taylor.
All other AWS officers were
chosen Monday in primary elec
tions.
Frances Huneke, a lloble fresh
tnan, was elected secretary of As
sociated Women Students hy 946
votes, Ihe election committee re
ported. She was opposed hy Pat
Taylor.
All other AWS officers were
chosen Monday in primary elec
tions.
