# Maugham Works Presented to SU
## 
### 
Bertram Edward Alanson has
presented two books from Ins li
brary of Somerset . Maugham's
works lo Stanford University.'
lie presented the original man
uscript of "The Trembling of ;i
Leaf," a collection of short sit)
ries about the Pacific, and a spc
cialiy bourtd and printed copy of
"Of Human Bondage."
Bertram Edward Alanson has
presented two books from Ins li
brary of Somerset . Maugham's
works lo Stanford University.'
lie presented the original man
uscript of "The Trembling of ;i
Leaf," a collection of short sit)
ries about the Pacific, and a spc
cialiy bourtd and printed copy of
"Of Human Bondage."
Bertram Edward Alanson has
presented two books from Ins li
brary of Somerset . Maugham's
works lo Stanford University.'
lie presented the original man
uscript of "The Trembling of ;i
Leaf," a collection of short sit)
ries about the Pacific, and a spc
cialiy bourtd and printed copy of
"Of Human Bondage."
Bertram Edward Alanson has
presented two books from Ins li
brary of Somerset . Maugham's
works lo Stanford University.'
lie presented the original man
uscript of "The Trembling of ;i
Leaf," a collection of short sit)
ries about the Pacific, and a spc
cialiy bourtd and printed copy of
"Of Human Bondage."
Bertram Edward Alanson has
presented two books from Ins li
brary of Somerset . Maugham's
works lo Stanford University.'
lie presented the original man
uscript of "The Trembling of ;i
Leaf," a collection of short sit)
ries about the Pacific, and a spc
cialiy bourtd and printed copy of
"Of Human Bondage."
Bertram Edward Alanson has
presented two books from Ins li
brary of Somerset . Maugham's
works lo Stanford University.'
lie presented the original man
uscript of "The Trembling of ;i
Leaf," a collection of short sit)
ries about the Pacific, and a spc
cialiy bourtd and printed copy of
"Of Human Bondage."
Bertram Edward Alanson has
presented two books from Ins li
brary of Somerset . Maugham's
works lo Stanford University.'
lie presented the original man
uscript of "The Trembling of ;i
Leaf," a collection of short sit)
ries about the Pacific, and a spc
cialiy bourtd and printed copy of
"Of Human Bondage."
Bertram Edward Alanson has
presented two books from Ins li
brary of Somerset . Maugham's
works lo Stanford University.'
lie presented the original man
uscript of "The Trembling of ;i
Leaf," a collection of short sit)
ries about the Pacific, and a spc
cialiy bourtd and printed copy of
"Of Human Bondage."
Bertram Edward Alanson has
presented two books from Ins li
brary of Somerset . Maugham's
works lo Stanford University.'
lie presented the original man
uscript of "The Trembling of ;i
Leaf," a collection of short sit)
ries about the Pacific, and a spc
cialiy bourtd and printed copy of
"Of Human Bondage."
Bertram Edward Alanson has
presented two books from Ins li
brary of Somerset . Maugham's
works lo Stanford University.'
lie presented the original man
uscript of "The Trembling of ;i
Leaf," a collection of short sit)
ries about the Pacific, and a spc
cialiy bourtd and printed copy of
"Of Human Bondage."
Bertram Edward Alanson has
presented two books from Ins li
brary of Somerset . Maugham's
works lo Stanford University.'
lie presented the original man
uscript of "The Trembling of ;i
Leaf," a collection of short sit)
ries about the Pacific, and a spc
cialiy bourtd and printed copy of
"Of Human Bondage."
Bertram Edward Alanson has
presented two books from Ins li
brary of Somerset . Maugham's
works lo Stanford University.'
lie presented the original man
uscript of "The Trembling of ;i
Leaf," a collection of short sit)
ries about the Pacific, and a spc
cialiy bourtd and printed copy of
"Of Human Bondage."
Bertram Edward Alanson has
presented two books from Ins li
brary of Somerset . Maugham's
works lo Stanford University.'
lie presented the original man
uscript of "The Trembling of ;i
Leaf," a collection of short sit)
ries about the Pacific, and a spc
cialiy bourtd and printed copy of
"Of Human Bondage."
Bertram Edward Alanson has
presented two books from Ins li
brary of Somerset . Maugham's
works lo Stanford University.'
lie presented the original man
uscript of "The Trembling of ;i
Leaf," a collection of short sit)
ries about the Pacific, and a spc
cialiy bourtd and printed copy of
"Of Human Bondage."
Bertram Edward Alanson has
presented two books from Ins li
brary of Somerset . Maugham's
works lo Stanford University.'
lie presented the original man
uscript of "The Trembling of ;i
Leaf," a collection of short sit)
ries about the Pacific, and a spc
cialiy bourtd and printed copy of
"Of Human Bondage."
Bertram Edward Alanson has
presented two books from Ins li
brary of Somerset . Maugham's
works lo Stanford University.'
lie presented the original man
uscript of "The Trembling of ;i
Leaf," a collection of short sit)
ries about the Pacific, and a spc
cialiy bourtd and printed copy of
"Of Human Bondage."
