# Hungarian Relief Recital Tomorrow
## 
### 
A Beethoven sonata recital for
the benefit of Hungarian relief
will be given tomorrow at 8:15
p.m. in the Palo Alto High School
auditorium* I ."'
Tickets 'are $1.50 and are avail
able at the door.
A Beethoven sonata recital for
the benefit of Hungarian relief
will be given tomorrow at 8:15
p.m. in the Palo Alto High School
auditorium* I ."'
Tickets 'are $1.50 and are avail
able at the door.
A Beethoven sonata recital for
the benefit of Hungarian relief
will be given tomorrow at 8:15
p.m. in the Palo Alto High School
auditorium* I ."'
Tickets 'are $1.50 and are avail
able at the door.
A Beethoven sonata recital for
the benefit of Hungarian relief
will be given tomorrow at 8:15
p.m. in the Palo Alto High School
auditorium* I ."'
Tickets 'are $1.50 and are avail
able at the door.
A Beethoven sonata recital for
the benefit of Hungarian relief
will be given tomorrow at 8:15
p.m. in the Palo Alto High School
auditorium* I ."'
Tickets 'are $1.50 and are avail
able at the door.
A Beethoven sonata recital for
the benefit of Hungarian relief
will be given tomorrow at 8:15
p.m. in the Palo Alto High School
auditorium* I ."'
Tickets 'are $1.50 and are avail
able at the door.
A Beethoven sonata recital for
the benefit of Hungarian relief
will be given tomorrow at 8:15
p.m. in the Palo Alto High School
auditorium* I ."'
Tickets 'are $1.50 and are avail
able at the door.
A Beethoven sonata recital for
the benefit of Hungarian relief
will be given tomorrow at 8:15
p.m. in the Palo Alto High School
auditorium* I ."'
Tickets 'are $1.50 and are avail
able at the door.
A Beethoven sonata recital for
the benefit of Hungarian relief
will be given tomorrow at 8:15
p.m. in the Palo Alto High School
auditorium* I ."'
Tickets 'are $1.50 and are avail
able at the door.
A Beethoven sonata recital for
the benefit of Hungarian relief
will be given tomorrow at 8:15
p.m. in the Palo Alto High School
auditorium* I ."'
Tickets 'are $1.50 and are avail
able at the door.
A Beethoven sonata recital for
the benefit of Hungarian relief
will be given tomorrow at 8:15
p.m. in the Palo Alto High School
auditorium* I ."'
Tickets 'are $1.50 and are avail
able at the door.
A Beethoven sonata recital for
the benefit of Hungarian relief
will be given tomorrow at 8:15
p.m. in the Palo Alto High School
auditorium* I ."'
Tickets 'are $1.50 and are avail
able at the door.
A Beethoven sonata recital for
the benefit of Hungarian relief
will be given tomorrow at 8:15
p.m. in the Palo Alto High School
auditorium* I ."'
Tickets 'are $1.50 and are avail
able at the door.
A Beethoven sonata recital for
the benefit of Hungarian relief
will be given tomorrow at 8:15
p.m. in the Palo Alto High School
auditorium* I ."'
Tickets 'are $1.50 and are avail
able at the door.
A Beethoven sonata recital for
the benefit of Hungarian relief
will be given tomorrow at 8:15
p.m. in the Palo Alto High School
auditorium* I ."'
Tickets 'are $1.50 and are avail
able at the door.
A Beethoven sonata recital for
the benefit of Hungarian relief
will be given tomorrow at 8:15
p.m. in the Palo Alto High School
auditorium* I ."'
Tickets 'are $1.50 and are avail
able at the door.
