# Frosh Dance Set Tomorrow at Gym
## 
### 
The freshman class dance, with
the theme "Anything Goes," will
be held tomorrow in the Women's
Gymnasium from 0 p.m. to 1 a.m.
Admission is free with a frosh
card.
Music will be provided by Spike
Lynch's band, "The Stardusters."
The freshman class dance, with
the theme "Anything Goes," will
be held tomorrow in the Women's
Gymnasium from 0 p.m. to 1 a.m.
Admission is free with a frosh
card.
Music will be provided by Spike
Lynch's band, "The Stardusters."
The freshman class dance, with
the theme "Anything Goes," will
be held tomorrow in the Women's
Gymnasium from 0 p.m. to 1 a.m.
Admission is free with a frosh
card.
Music will be provided by Spike
Lynch's band, "The Stardusters."
The freshman class dance, with
the theme "Anything Goes," will
be held tomorrow in the Women's
Gymnasium from 0 p.m. to 1 a.m.
Admission is free with a frosh
card.
Music will be provided by Spike
Lynch's band, "The Stardusters."
The freshman class dance, with
the theme "Anything Goes," will
be held tomorrow in the Women's
Gymnasium from 0 p.m. to 1 a.m.
Admission is free with a frosh
card.
Music will be provided by Spike
Lynch's band, "The Stardusters."
The freshman class dance, with
the theme "Anything Goes," will
be held tomorrow in the Women's
Gymnasium from 0 p.m. to 1 a.m.
Admission is free with a frosh
card.
Music will be provided by Spike
Lynch's band, "The Stardusters."
The freshman class dance, with
the theme "Anything Goes," will
be held tomorrow in the Women's
Gymnasium from 0 p.m. to 1 a.m.
Admission is free with a frosh
card.
Music will be provided by Spike
Lynch's band, "The Stardusters."
The freshman class dance, with
the theme "Anything Goes," will
be held tomorrow in the Women's
Gymnasium from 0 p.m. to 1 a.m.
Admission is free with a frosh
card.
Music will be provided by Spike
Lynch's band, "The Stardusters."
The freshman class dance, with
the theme "Anything Goes," will
be held tomorrow in the Women's
Gymnasium from 0 p.m. to 1 a.m.
Admission is free with a frosh
card.
Music will be provided by Spike
Lynch's band, "The Stardusters."
The freshman class dance, with
the theme "Anything Goes," will
be held tomorrow in the Women's
Gymnasium from 0 p.m. to 1 a.m.
Admission is free with a frosh
card.
Music will be provided by Spike
Lynch's band, "The Stardusters."
The freshman class dance, with
the theme "Anything Goes," will
be held tomorrow in the Women's
Gymnasium from 0 p.m. to 1 a.m.
Admission is free with a frosh
card.
Music will be provided by Spike
Lynch's band, "The Stardusters."
The freshman class dance, with
the theme "Anything Goes," will
be held tomorrow in the Women's
Gymnasium from 0 p.m. to 1 a.m.
Admission is free with a frosh
card.
Music will be provided by Spike
Lynch's band, "The Stardusters."
The freshman class dance, with
the theme "Anything Goes," will
be held tomorrow in the Women's
Gymnasium from 0 p.m. to 1 a.m.
Admission is free with a frosh
card.
Music will be provided by Spike
Lynch's band, "The Stardusters."
The freshman class dance, with
the theme "Anything Goes," will
be held tomorrow in the Women's
Gymnasium from 0 p.m. to 1 a.m.
Admission is free with a frosh
card.
Music will be provided by Spike
Lynch's band, "The Stardusters."
The freshman class dance, with
the theme "Anything Goes," will
be held tomorrow in the Women's
Gymnasium from 0 p.m. to 1 a.m.
Admission is free with a frosh
card.
Music will be provided by Spike
Lynch's band, "The Stardusters."
The freshman class dance, with
the theme "Anything Goes," will
be held tomorrow in the Women's
Gymnasium from 0 p.m. to 1 a.m.
Admission is free with a frosh
card.
Music will be provided by Spike
Lynch's band, "The Stardusters."
