# Swimmers Vote to Accept Blue and Gold Challenge For Intercollegiate Meet
## 
### 
Members of the Stanford swimming
squad voted last night to accept the
challenge of Captain (leorge Lindsay
of the California swimming team for
an interscholastie meet during the
present semester, in his letter, Lind
say requested that the meet be helu
during March or April, but in ac
cepting the challenge the Cardinals
decided not to set a definite date at
this time.
The date for the inter-class swim
ming meet was set for Saturday, Feb
ruary 1&.
Members of the Stanford swimming
squad voted last night to accept the
challenge of Captain (leorge Lindsay
of the California swimming team for
an interscholastie meet during the
present semester, in his letter, Lind
say requested that the meet be helu
during March or April, but in ac
cepting the challenge the Cardinals
decided not to set a definite date at
this time.
The date for the inter-class swim
ming meet was set for Saturday, Feb
ruary 1&.
Members of the Stanford swimming
squad voted last night to accept the
challenge of Captain (leorge Lindsay
of the California swimming team for
an interscholastie meet during the
present semester, in his letter, Lind
say requested that the meet be helu
during March or April, but in ac
cepting the challenge the Cardinals
decided not to set a definite date at
this time.
The date for the inter-class swim
ming meet was set for Saturday, Feb
ruary 1&.
Members of the Stanford swimming
squad voted last night to accept the
challenge of Captain (leorge Lindsay
of the California swimming team for
an interscholastie meet during the
present semester, in his letter, Lind
say requested that the meet be helu
during March or April, but in ac
cepting the challenge the Cardinals
decided not to set a definite date at
this time.
The date for the inter-class swim
ming meet was set for Saturday, Feb
ruary 1&.
Members of the Stanford swimming
squad voted last night to accept the
challenge of Captain (leorge Lindsay
of the California swimming team for
an interscholastie meet during the
present semester, in his letter, Lind
say requested that the meet be helu
during March or April, but in ac
cepting the challenge the Cardinals
decided not to set a definite date at
this time.
The date for the inter-class swim
ming meet was set for Saturday, Feb
ruary 1&.
Members of the Stanford swimming
squad voted last night to accept the
challenge of Captain (leorge Lindsay
of the California swimming team for
an interscholastie meet during the
present semester, in his letter, Lind
say requested that the meet be helu
during March or April, but in ac
cepting the challenge the Cardinals
decided not to set a definite date at
this time.
The date for the inter-class swim
ming meet was set for Saturday, Feb
ruary 1&.
Members of the Stanford swimming
squad voted last night to accept the
challenge of Captain (leorge Lindsay
of the California swimming team for
an interscholastie meet during the
present semester, in his letter, Lind
say requested that the meet be helu
during March or April, but in ac
cepting the challenge the Cardinals
decided not to set a definite date at
this time.
The date for the inter-class swim
ming meet was set for Saturday, Feb
ruary 1&.
Members of the Stanford swimming
squad voted last night to accept the
challenge of Captain (leorge Lindsay
of the California swimming team for
an interscholastie meet during the
present semester, in his letter, Lind
say requested that the meet be helu
during March or April, but in ac
cepting the challenge the Cardinals
decided not to set a definite date at
this time.
The date for the inter-class swim
ming meet was set for Saturday, Feb
ruary 1&.
Members of the Stanford swimming
squad voted last night to accept the
challenge of Captain (leorge Lindsay
of the California swimming team for
an interscholastie meet during the
present semester, in his letter, Lind
say requested that the meet be helu
during March or April, but in ac
cepting the challenge the Cardinals
decided not to set a definite date at
this time.
The date for the inter-class swim
ming meet was set for Saturday, Feb
ruary 1&.
Members of the Stanford swimming
squad voted last night to accept the
challenge of Captain (leorge Lindsay
of the California swimming team for
an interscholastie meet during the
present semester, in his letter, Lind
say requested that the meet be helu
during March or April, but in ac
cepting the challenge the Cardinals
decided not to set a definite date at
this time.
The date for the inter-class swim
ming meet was set for Saturday, Feb
ruary 1&.
Members of the Stanford swimming
squad voted last night to accept the
challenge of Captain (leorge Lindsay
of the California swimming team for
an interscholastie meet during the
present semester, in his letter, Lind
say requested that the meet be helu
during March or April, but in ac
cepting the challenge the Cardinals
decided not to set a definite date at
this time.
The date for the inter-class swim
ming meet was set for Saturday, Feb
ruary 1&.
Members of the Stanford swimming
squad voted last night to accept the
challenge of Captain (leorge Lindsay
of the California swimming team for
an interscholastie meet during the
present semester, in his letter, Lind
say requested that the meet be helu
during March or April, but in ac
cepting the challenge the Cardinals
decided not to set a definite date at
this time.
The date for the inter-class swim
ming meet was set for Saturday, Feb
ruary 1&.
Members of the Stanford swimming
squad voted last night to accept the
challenge of Captain (leorge Lindsay
of the California swimming team for
an interscholastie meet during the
present semester, in his letter, Lind
say requested that the meet be helu
during March or April, but in ac
cepting the challenge the Cardinals
decided not to set a definite date at
this time.
The date for the inter-class swim
ming meet was set for Saturday, Feb
ruary 1&.
Members of the Stanford swimming
squad voted last night to accept the
challenge of Captain (leorge Lindsay
of the California swimming team for
an interscholastie meet during the
present semester, in his letter, Lind
say requested that the meet be helu
during March or April, but in ac
cepting the challenge the Cardinals
decided not to set a definite date at
this time.
The date for the inter-class swim
ming meet was set for Saturday, Feb
ruary 1&.
