# College No Place for Home-Makers
## 
### 
College education is a failure for
women who intend to become wives
and mothers, according to Clotilde
Grunsky, University of California
graduate, in an article in the Cali
fornia Alumni magazine. She says
that 70 per cent of women graduates
who marry agree that going to col
lege did absolutely nothing to pre
pare them for home-making.
College education is a failure for
women who intend to become wives
and mothers, according to Clotilde
Grunsky, University of California
graduate, in an article in the Cali
fornia Alumni magazine. She says
that 70 per cent of women graduates
who marry agree that going to col
lege did absolutely nothing to pre
pare them for home-making.
College education is a failure for
women who intend to become wives
and mothers, according to Clotilde
Grunsky, University of California
graduate, in an article in the Cali
fornia Alumni magazine. She says
that 70 per cent of women graduates
who marry agree that going to col
lege did absolutely nothing to pre
pare them for home-making.
College education is a failure for
women who intend to become wives
and mothers, according to Clotilde
Grunsky, University of California
graduate, in an article in the Cali
fornia Alumni magazine. She says
that 70 per cent of women graduates
who marry agree that going to col
lege did absolutely nothing to pre
pare them for home-making.
College education is a failure for
women who intend to become wives
and mothers, according to Clotilde
Grunsky, University of California
graduate, in an article in the Cali
fornia Alumni magazine. She says
that 70 per cent of women graduates
who marry agree that going to col
lege did absolutely nothing to pre
pare them for home-making.
College education is a failure for
women who intend to become wives
and mothers, according to Clotilde
Grunsky, University of California
graduate, in an article in the Cali
fornia Alumni magazine. She says
that 70 per cent of women graduates
who marry agree that going to col
lege did absolutely nothing to pre
pare them for home-making.
College education is a failure for
women who intend to become wives
and mothers, according to Clotilde
Grunsky, University of California
graduate, in an article in the Cali
fornia Alumni magazine. She says
that 70 per cent of women graduates
who marry agree that going to col
lege did absolutely nothing to pre
pare them for home-making.
College education is a failure for
women who intend to become wives
and mothers, according to Clotilde
Grunsky, University of California
graduate, in an article in the Cali
fornia Alumni magazine. She says
that 70 per cent of women graduates
who marry agree that going to col
lege did absolutely nothing to pre
pare them for home-making.
College education is a failure for
women who intend to become wives
and mothers, according to Clotilde
Grunsky, University of California
graduate, in an article in the Cali
fornia Alumni magazine. She says
that 70 per cent of women graduates
who marry agree that going to col
lege did absolutely nothing to pre
pare them for home-making.
College education is a failure for
women who intend to become wives
and mothers, according to Clotilde
Grunsky, University of California
graduate, in an article in the Cali
fornia Alumni magazine. She says
that 70 per cent of women graduates
who marry agree that going to col
lege did absolutely nothing to pre
pare them for home-making.
College education is a failure for
women who intend to become wives
and mothers, according to Clotilde
Grunsky, University of California
graduate, in an article in the Cali
fornia Alumni magazine. She says
that 70 per cent of women graduates
who marry agree that going to col
lege did absolutely nothing to pre
pare them for home-making.
College education is a failure for
women who intend to become wives
and mothers, according to Clotilde
Grunsky, University of California
graduate, in an article in the Cali
fornia Alumni magazine. She says
that 70 per cent of women graduates
who marry agree that going to col
lege did absolutely nothing to pre
pare them for home-making.
College education is a failure for
women who intend to become wives
and mothers, according to Clotilde
Grunsky, University of California
graduate, in an article in the Cali
fornia Alumni magazine. She says
that 70 per cent of women graduates
who marry agree that going to col
lege did absolutely nothing to pre
pare them for home-making.
College education is a failure for
women who intend to become wives
and mothers, according to Clotilde
Grunsky, University of California
graduate, in an article in the Cali
fornia Alumni magazine. She says
that 70 per cent of women graduates
who marry agree that going to col
lege did absolutely nothing to pre
pare them for home-making.
