# I Club Talent To Be Displayed
## 
### 
Stanford's foreign students will
stage their annual benefit dance
and floor show at the Interna
tional Center at 8:30 p.m. this
Friday.
Working in cooperation with
'the Menlo-Atherton Junior Wom
en's Club, who helped them stage
a successful first affair last year,
the students have selected an
"Oriental Odyssey" as their dance
theme.
Students from all parts of the
world will present a review of
music and dances typical of their
native countries.
Grounds of the International
Center at 529 Lasuen Street will
be transformed into an Oriental
setting, with a Japanese tea
house for refreshments and a
patio decorated to resemble a
Chinese festival.
Proceeds from the dance will
help finance the I Center's stu
dent col'fee bur.
