# Contrived Drama Probes Poet's World
## 
### BARBARA HOUCK 
Prior to the September 28th
performance of The World of Carl
Sandburg, I felt no particular
kinship with the "People's Poet."
After viewing this production at
the Manhattan Playhouse in Palo
Alto, I could well appreciate what
Sandburg meant when he
described himself as one who has
"done so many stunts not worth
the doing." That excerpt from his
poem "Losers," aptly summarizes
The World of Carl Sandburg.
Basically, the evening revolved
around the performances of Edna
Macafee, Mary Woodley and Leon
Forbes, three members of the
playhouse repertory cast. The
format chronologically followed
the life span, progressing from
birth through childhood and
reaching the adult concerns of
war, the universe and death.
Transitions intended to make the
material flow smoothly were
artificial and disconcerting.
Nearly everyone can recall the
unpleasant, impatient feeling of
watching the lead of a high school
play stumble and blank out for an
interminable moment. Yet, when

the identical incident is
transferred to the professional
setting of the Manhattan
Playhouse, one instead resents the
actors who are thus torturing the
audience.
Fortunately, Macafee
compensated somewhat for her
amateurish partners. Her apparent
enthusiasm for the flawed but
ambitious project sustained a
wilting audience.
The company did evidence
some compassion for an audience
who had little to concentrate on
except the oral interpretation of
Carl Sandburg's poetry. Woodley
was appointed to fill the interlude
between readings with classic folk
songs such as "John Henry" and
"By and By" from the poet's The
American Songbag.
Another diversion referred to
as "comic relief" appeared
contrived and totally unlike the
writer reknowned for his incisive
wit and unflinching honesty.
According to the cast, Carl
Sandburg relished and collected
bits of humor. The production's
intent was to show Sandburg as
another Will Rogers, but the

resulting comic interplays were
unamusing and blatantly cruel to
the memory of one whose forte
was uncompromising dramatic
poetry.
After the dramatizations were
concluded, this reviewer sampled
other spectators' reactions.
Virtually all 28 people
interviewed had attended previous
dramas over the ten year history
of the repertory and/or were
personally acquainted with Judith
Dresch, the founder and

stabilizing spirit of the endeavor.
Disregarding the expected bias,
the comments ranged rom a
cautious "interesting" to an
exuberant "Marvelous again, Judy
darling."
Perhaps the most concise and
cogent remark was the soundless
one made by a free-lance critic
from Theater News: he sat
stone-faced the entire night, and,
after it was all over, took out his
pen and scrawled "Costumes?" in
the corner of his playbill.
