# MARSTON ELECTED
## 
### 
John M. Marston, chicf of the
Stanford fire department, has been
elected to the board of directors of
the California Fire Chiefs' Associa
tion for 1953-54.
John M. Marston, chicf of the
Stanford fire department, has been
elected to the board of directors of
the California Fire Chiefs' Associa
tion for 1953-54.
John M. Marston, chicf of the
Stanford fire department, has been
elected to the board of directors of
the California Fire Chiefs' Associa
tion for 1953-54.
John M. Marston, chicf of the
Stanford fire department, has been
elected to the board of directors of
the California Fire Chiefs' Associa
tion for 1953-54.
John M. Marston, chicf of the
Stanford fire department, has been
elected to the board of directors of
the California Fire Chiefs' Associa
tion for 1953-54.
John M. Marston, chicf of the
Stanford fire department, has been
elected to the board of directors of
the California Fire Chiefs' Associa
tion for 1953-54.
John M. Marston, chicf of the
Stanford fire department, has been
elected to the board of directors of
the California Fire Chiefs' Associa
tion for 1953-54.
John M. Marston, chicf of the
Stanford fire department, has been
elected to the board of directors of
the California Fire Chiefs' Associa
tion for 1953-54.
John M. Marston, chicf of the
Stanford fire department, has been
elected to the board of directors of
the California Fire Chiefs' Associa
tion for 1953-54.
John M. Marston, chicf of the
Stanford fire department, has been
elected to the board of directors of
the California Fire Chiefs' Associa
tion for 1953-54.
John M. Marston, chicf of the
Stanford fire department, has been
elected to the board of directors of
the California Fire Chiefs' Associa
tion for 1953-54.
John M. Marston, chicf of the
Stanford fire department, has been
elected to the board of directors of
the California Fire Chiefs' Associa
tion for 1953-54.
John M. Marston, chicf of the
Stanford fire department, has been
elected to the board of directors of
the California Fire Chiefs' Associa
tion for 1953-54.
John M. Marston, chicf of the
Stanford fire department, has been
elected to the board of directors of
the California Fire Chiefs' Associa
tion for 1953-54.
John M. Marston, chicf of the
Stanford fire department, has been
elected to the board of directors of
the California Fire Chiefs' Associa
tion for 1953-54.
