# Norton Appointed Acting Professor
## 
### 
Paul T. Norton, Jr., one-time chief
of industrial research and develop
ment for the War Production Board,
has been appointed acting professor
of industrial engineering at Stan
ford for winter quarter, 1953-54,
Provost Douglas M. Whitaker an
nounced last week.
Professor Norton was lecturer in
industrial engineering at Stanford
the past academic year. He was on
the faculty of the University of
Wisconsin, where he took B.S. de
grees in electrical and civil engi
neering, and was head of the in
dustrial engineering department at
Virginia Polytechnic Institute.
Paul T. Norton, Jr., one-time chief
of industrial research and develop
ment for the War Production Board,
has been appointed acting professor
of industrial engineering at Stan
ford for winter quarter, 1953-54,
Provost Douglas M. Whitaker an
nounced last week.
Professor Norton was lecturer in
industrial engineering at Stanford
the past academic year. He was on
the faculty of the University of
Wisconsin, where he took B.S. de
grees in electrical and civil engi
neering, and was head of the in
dustrial engineering department at
Virginia Polytechnic Institute.
Paul T. Norton, Jr., one-time chief
of industrial research and develop
ment for the War Production Board,
has been appointed acting professor
of industrial engineering at Stan
ford for winter quarter, 1953-54,
Provost Douglas M. Whitaker an
nounced last week.
Professor Norton was lecturer in
industrial engineering at Stanford
the past academic year. He was on
the faculty of the University of
Wisconsin, where he took B.S. de
grees in electrical and civil engi
neering, and was head of the in
dustrial engineering department at
Virginia Polytechnic Institute.
Paul T. Norton, Jr., one-time chief
of industrial research and develop
ment for the War Production Board,
has been appointed acting professor
of industrial engineering at Stan
ford for winter quarter, 1953-54,
Provost Douglas M. Whitaker an
nounced last week.
Professor Norton was lecturer in
industrial engineering at Stanford
the past academic year. He was on
the faculty of the University of
Wisconsin, where he took B.S. de
grees in electrical and civil engi
neering, and was head of the in
dustrial engineering department at
Virginia Polytechnic Institute.
Paul T. Norton, Jr., one-time chief
of industrial research and develop
ment for the War Production Board,
has been appointed acting professor
of industrial engineering at Stan
ford for winter quarter, 1953-54,
Provost Douglas M. Whitaker an
nounced last week.
Professor Norton was lecturer in
industrial engineering at Stanford
the past academic year. He was on
the faculty of the University of
Wisconsin, where he took B.S. de
grees in electrical and civil engi
neering, and was head of the in
dustrial engineering department at
Virginia Polytechnic Institute.
Paul T. Norton, Jr., one-time chief
of industrial research and develop
ment for the War Production Board,
has been appointed acting professor
of industrial engineering at Stan
ford for winter quarter, 1953-54,
Provost Douglas M. Whitaker an
nounced last week.
Professor Norton was lecturer in
industrial engineering at Stanford
the past academic year. He was on
the faculty of the University of
Wisconsin, where he took B.S. de
grees in electrical and civil engi
neering, and was head of the in
dustrial engineering department at
Virginia Polytechnic Institute.
Paul T. Norton, Jr., one-time chief
of industrial research and develop
ment for the War Production Board,
has been appointed acting professor
of industrial engineering at Stan
ford for winter quarter, 1953-54,
Provost Douglas M. Whitaker an
nounced last week.
Professor Norton was lecturer in
industrial engineering at Stanford
the past academic year. He was on
the faculty of the University of
Wisconsin, where he took B.S. de
grees in electrical and civil engi
neering, and was head of the in
dustrial engineering department at
Virginia Polytechnic Institute.
Paul T. Norton, Jr., one-time chief
of industrial research and develop
ment for the War Production Board,
has been appointed acting professor
of industrial engineering at Stan
ford for winter quarter, 1953-54,
Provost Douglas M. Whitaker an
nounced last week.
Professor Norton was lecturer in
industrial engineering at Stanford
the past academic year. He was on
the faculty of the University of
Wisconsin, where he took B.S. de
grees in electrical and civil engi
neering, and was head of the in
dustrial engineering department at
Virginia Polytechnic Institute.
Paul T. Norton, Jr., one-time chief
of industrial research and develop
ment for the War Production Board,
has been appointed acting professor
of industrial engineering at Stan
ford for winter quarter, 1953-54,
Provost Douglas M. Whitaker an
nounced last week.
Professor Norton was lecturer in
industrial engineering at Stanford
the past academic year. He was on
the faculty of the University of
Wisconsin, where he took B.S. de
grees in electrical and civil engi
neering, and was head of the in
dustrial engineering department at
Virginia Polytechnic Institute.
Paul T. Norton, Jr., one-time chief
of industrial research and develop
ment for the War Production Board,
has been appointed acting professor
of industrial engineering at Stan
ford for winter quarter, 1953-54,
Provost Douglas M. Whitaker an
nounced last week.
Professor Norton was lecturer in
industrial engineering at Stanford
the past academic year. He was on
the faculty of the University of
Wisconsin, where he took B.S. de
grees in electrical and civil engi
neering, and was head of the in
dustrial engineering department at
Virginia Polytechnic Institute.
Paul T. Norton, Jr., one-time chief
of industrial research and develop
ment for the War Production Board,
has been appointed acting professor
of industrial engineering at Stan
ford for winter quarter, 1953-54,
Provost Douglas M. Whitaker an
nounced last week.
Professor Norton was lecturer in
industrial engineering at Stanford
the past academic year. He was on
the faculty of the University of
Wisconsin, where he took B.S. de
grees in electrical and civil engi
neering, and was head of the in
dustrial engineering department at
Virginia Polytechnic Institute.
Paul T. Norton, Jr., one-time chief
of industrial research and develop
ment for the War Production Board,
has been appointed acting professor
of industrial engineering at Stan
ford for winter quarter, 1953-54,
Provost Douglas M. Whitaker an
nounced last week.
Professor Norton was lecturer in
industrial engineering at Stanford
the past academic year. He was on
the faculty of the University of
Wisconsin, where he took B.S. de
grees in electrical and civil engi
neering, and was head of the in
dustrial engineering department at
Virginia Polytechnic Institute.
Paul T. Norton, Jr., one-time chief
of industrial research and develop
ment for the War Production Board,
has been appointed acting professor
of industrial engineering at Stan
ford for winter quarter, 1953-54,
Provost Douglas M. Whitaker an
nounced last week.
Professor Norton was lecturer in
industrial engineering at Stanford
the past academic year. He was on
the faculty of the University of
Wisconsin, where he took B.S. de
grees in electrical and civil engi
neering, and was head of the in
dustrial engineering department at
Virginia Polytechnic Institute.
Paul T. Norton, Jr., one-time chief
of industrial research and develop
ment for the War Production Board,
has been appointed acting professor
of industrial engineering at Stan
ford for winter quarter, 1953-54,
Provost Douglas M. Whitaker an
nounced last week.
Professor Norton was lecturer in
industrial engineering at Stanford
the past academic year. He was on
the faculty of the University of
Wisconsin, where he took B.S. de
grees in electrical and civil engi
neering, and was head of the in
dustrial engineering department at
Virginia Polytechnic Institute.
Paul T. Norton, Jr., one-time chief
of industrial research and develop
ment for the War Production Board,
has been appointed acting professor
of industrial engineering at Stan
ford for winter quarter, 1953-54,
Provost Douglas M. Whitaker an
nounced last week.
Professor Norton was lecturer in
industrial engineering at Stanford
the past academic year. He was on
the faculty of the University of
Wisconsin, where he took B.S. de
grees in electrical and civil engi
neering, and was head of the in
dustrial engineering department at
Virginia Polytechnic Institute.
