# McCARTHY IN L.A.
## 
### 
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 1 (Ul') —
Sen. Joseph McCarthy (R., Wis.)
said today a suspended security of
ficial of the Army's top loyalty
screening board would be called be
fore his committee for questioning
about alleged Communist affilia
tions.
McCarthy arrived here last night
with his bride, the former Jean Era
ser Kerr, on a combined honeymoon
and political barnstorming tour.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 1 (Ul') —
Sen. Joseph McCarthy (R., Wis.)
said today a suspended security of
ficial of the Army's top loyalty
screening board would be called be
fore his committee for questioning
about alleged Communist affilia
tions.
McCarthy arrived here last night
with his bride, the former Jean Era
ser Kerr, on a combined honeymoon
and political barnstorming tour.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 1 (Ul') —
Sen. Joseph McCarthy (R., Wis.)
said today a suspended security of
ficial of the Army's top loyalty
screening board would be called be
fore his committee for questioning
about alleged Communist affilia
tions.
McCarthy arrived here last night
with his bride, the former Jean Era
ser Kerr, on a combined honeymoon
and political barnstorming tour.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 1 (Ul') —
Sen. Joseph McCarthy (R., Wis.)
said today a suspended security of
ficial of the Army's top loyalty
screening board would be called be
fore his committee for questioning
about alleged Communist affilia
tions.
McCarthy arrived here last night
with his bride, the former Jean Era
ser Kerr, on a combined honeymoon
and political barnstorming tour.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 1 (Ul') —
Sen. Joseph McCarthy (R., Wis.)
said today a suspended security of
ficial of the Army's top loyalty
screening board would be called be
fore his committee for questioning
about alleged Communist affilia
tions.
McCarthy arrived here last night
with his bride, the former Jean Era
ser Kerr, on a combined honeymoon
and political barnstorming tour.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 1 (Ul') —
Sen. Joseph McCarthy (R., Wis.)
said today a suspended security of
ficial of the Army's top loyalty
screening board would be called be
fore his committee for questioning
about alleged Communist affilia
tions.
McCarthy arrived here last night
with his bride, the former Jean Era
ser Kerr, on a combined honeymoon
and political barnstorming tour.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 1 (Ul') —
Sen. Joseph McCarthy (R., Wis.)
said today a suspended security of
ficial of the Army's top loyalty
screening board would be called be
fore his committee for questioning
about alleged Communist affilia
tions.
McCarthy arrived here last night
with his bride, the former Jean Era
ser Kerr, on a combined honeymoon
and political barnstorming tour.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 1 (Ul') —
Sen. Joseph McCarthy (R., Wis.)
said today a suspended security of
ficial of the Army's top loyalty
screening board would be called be
fore his committee for questioning
about alleged Communist affilia
tions.
McCarthy arrived here last night
with his bride, the former Jean Era
ser Kerr, on a combined honeymoon
and political barnstorming tour.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 1 (Ul') —
Sen. Joseph McCarthy (R., Wis.)
said today a suspended security of
ficial of the Army's top loyalty
screening board would be called be
fore his committee for questioning
about alleged Communist affilia
tions.
McCarthy arrived here last night
with his bride, the former Jean Era
ser Kerr, on a combined honeymoon
and political barnstorming tour.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 1 (Ul') —
Sen. Joseph McCarthy (R., Wis.)
said today a suspended security of
ficial of the Army's top loyalty
screening board would be called be
fore his committee for questioning
about alleged Communist affilia
tions.
McCarthy arrived here last night
with his bride, the former Jean Era
ser Kerr, on a combined honeymoon
and political barnstorming tour.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 1 (Ul') —
Sen. Joseph McCarthy (R., Wis.)
said today a suspended security of
ficial of the Army's top loyalty
screening board would be called be
fore his committee for questioning
about alleged Communist affilia
tions.
McCarthy arrived here last night
with his bride, the former Jean Era
ser Kerr, on a combined honeymoon
and political barnstorming tour.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 1 (Ul') —
Sen. Joseph McCarthy (R., Wis.)
said today a suspended security of
ficial of the Army's top loyalty
screening board would be called be
fore his committee for questioning
about alleged Communist affilia
tions.
McCarthy arrived here last night
with his bride, the former Jean Era
ser Kerr, on a combined honeymoon
and political barnstorming tour.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 1 (Ul') —
Sen. Joseph McCarthy (R., Wis.)
said today a suspended security of
ficial of the Army's top loyalty
screening board would be called be
fore his committee for questioning
about alleged Communist affilia
tions.
McCarthy arrived here last night
with his bride, the former Jean Era
ser Kerr, on a combined honeymoon
and political barnstorming tour.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 1 (Ul') —
Sen. Joseph McCarthy (R., Wis.)
said today a suspended security of
ficial of the Army's top loyalty
screening board would be called be
fore his committee for questioning
about alleged Communist affilia
tions.
McCarthy arrived here last night
with his bride, the former Jean Era
ser Kerr, on a combined honeymoon
and political barnstorming tour.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 1 (Ul') —
Sen. Joseph McCarthy (R., Wis.)
said today a suspended security of
ficial of the Army's top loyalty
screening board would be called be
fore his committee for questioning
about alleged Communist affilia
tions.
McCarthy arrived here last night
with his bride, the former Jean Era
ser Kerr, on a combined honeymoon
and political barnstorming tour.
