# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Mrs. J. W. Scavcr of Palo Alto
announces the engagement of her
daughter, Phyllis Trimble, San Jose
State, '55, to David Mcecham, El
Toro, '55.
Mrs. J. W. Scavcr of Palo Alto
announces the engagement of her
daughter, Phyllis Trimble, San Jose
State, '55, to David Mcecham, El
Toro, '55.
Mrs. J. W. Scavcr of Palo Alto
announces the engagement of her
daughter, Phyllis Trimble, San Jose
State, '55, to David Mcecham, El
Toro, '55.
Mrs. J. W. Scavcr of Palo Alto
announces the engagement of her
daughter, Phyllis Trimble, San Jose
State, '55, to David Mcecham, El
Toro, '55.
Mrs. J. W. Scavcr of Palo Alto
announces the engagement of her
daughter, Phyllis Trimble, San Jose
State, '55, to David Mcecham, El
Toro, '55.
Mrs. J. W. Scavcr of Palo Alto
announces the engagement of her
daughter, Phyllis Trimble, San Jose
State, '55, to David Mcecham, El
Toro, '55.
Mrs. J. W. Scavcr of Palo Alto
announces the engagement of her
daughter, Phyllis Trimble, San Jose
State, '55, to David Mcecham, El
Toro, '55.
Mrs. J. W. Scavcr of Palo Alto
announces the engagement of her
daughter, Phyllis Trimble, San Jose
State, '55, to David Mcecham, El
Toro, '55.
Mrs. J. W. Scavcr of Palo Alto
announces the engagement of her
daughter, Phyllis Trimble, San Jose
State, '55, to David Mcecham, El
Toro, '55.
Mrs. J. W. Scavcr of Palo Alto
announces the engagement of her
daughter, Phyllis Trimble, San Jose
State, '55, to David Mcecham, El
Toro, '55.
Mrs. J. W. Scavcr of Palo Alto
announces the engagement of her
daughter, Phyllis Trimble, San Jose
State, '55, to David Mcecham, El
Toro, '55.
Mrs. J. W. Scavcr of Palo Alto
announces the engagement of her
daughter, Phyllis Trimble, San Jose
State, '55, to David Mcecham, El
Toro, '55.
Mrs. J. W. Scavcr of Palo Alto
announces the engagement of her
daughter, Phyllis Trimble, San Jose
State, '55, to David Mcecham, El
Toro, '55.
Mrs. J. W. Scavcr of Palo Alto
announces the engagement of her
daughter, Phyllis Trimble, San Jose
State, '55, to David Mcecham, El
Toro, '55.
Mrs. J. W. Scavcr of Palo Alto
announces the engagement of her
daughter, Phyllis Trimble, San Jose
State, '55, to David Mcecham, El
Toro, '55.
