# Booters Yield To Dons, 3-1
## 
### 
The University of San Francisco
Dons' soccer team strfetched their
unbeaten streak to 51 games at the
expense of Stanford by defeating
the Indians 3-1 Saturday morning.
It was not until late in the fourth
quarter that the Hilltoppers sewed
up the game. They were played
even by an inspired Stanford eleven
which did not succumb till Brian
Pike booted home the winners' sec
ond goal with 10 minutes remaining
in the game. USF scored its third
goal on a penalty kick with two
minutes left.
Halfbacks Derek Liecty and Sam
Register, along with goalie Ken
Woods, sparked the Cards' defensive
efforts.
Bob Couture, outside left, tied the
game for Stanford in the second
quarter, coming through with a very
opportune follow-up.
The University of San Francisco
Dons' soccer team strfetched their
unbeaten streak to 51 games at the
expense of Stanford by defeating
the Indians 3-1 Saturday morning.
It was not until late in the fourth
quarter that the Hilltoppers sewed
up the game. They were played
even by an inspired Stanford eleven
which did not succumb till Brian
Pike booted home the winners' sec
ond goal with 10 minutes remaining
in the game. USF scored its third
goal on a penalty kick with two
minutes left.
Halfbacks Derek Liecty and Sam
Register, along with goalie Ken
Woods, sparked the Cards' defensive
efforts.
Bob Couture, outside left, tied the
game for Stanford in the second
quarter, coming through with a very
opportune follow-up.
The University of San Francisco
Dons' soccer team strfetched their
unbeaten streak to 51 games at the
expense of Stanford by defeating
the Indians 3-1 Saturday morning.
It was not until late in the fourth
quarter that the Hilltoppers sewed
up the game. They were played
even by an inspired Stanford eleven
which did not succumb till Brian
Pike booted home the winners' sec
ond goal with 10 minutes remaining
in the game. USF scored its third
goal on a penalty kick with two
minutes left.
Halfbacks Derek Liecty and Sam
Register, along with goalie Ken
Woods, sparked the Cards' defensive
efforts.
Bob Couture, outside left, tied the
game for Stanford in the second
quarter, coming through with a very
opportune follow-up.
The University of San Francisco
Dons' soccer team strfetched their
unbeaten streak to 51 games at the
expense of Stanford by defeating
the Indians 3-1 Saturday morning.
It was not until late in the fourth
quarter that the Hilltoppers sewed
up the game. They were played
even by an inspired Stanford eleven
which did not succumb till Brian
Pike booted home the winners' sec
ond goal with 10 minutes remaining
in the game. USF scored its third
goal on a penalty kick with two
minutes left.
Halfbacks Derek Liecty and Sam
Register, along with goalie Ken
Woods, sparked the Cards' defensive
efforts.
Bob Couture, outside left, tied the
game for Stanford in the second
quarter, coming through with a very
opportune follow-up.
The University of San Francisco
Dons' soccer team strfetched their
unbeaten streak to 51 games at the
expense of Stanford by defeating
the Indians 3-1 Saturday morning.
It was not until late in the fourth
quarter that the Hilltoppers sewed
up the game. They were played
even by an inspired Stanford eleven
which did not succumb till Brian
Pike booted home the winners' sec
ond goal with 10 minutes remaining
in the game. USF scored its third
goal on a penalty kick with two
minutes left.
Halfbacks Derek Liecty and Sam
Register, along with goalie Ken
Woods, sparked the Cards' defensive
efforts.
Bob Couture, outside left, tied the
game for Stanford in the second
quarter, coming through with a very
opportune follow-up.
The University of San Francisco
Dons' soccer team strfetched their
unbeaten streak to 51 games at the
expense of Stanford by defeating
the Indians 3-1 Saturday morning.
It was not until late in the fourth
quarter that the Hilltoppers sewed
up the game. They were played
even by an inspired Stanford eleven
which did not succumb till Brian
Pike booted home the winners' sec
ond goal with 10 minutes remaining
in the game. USF scored its third
goal on a penalty kick with two
minutes left.
Halfbacks Derek Liecty and Sam
Register, along with goalie Ken
Woods, sparked the Cards' defensive
efforts.
Bob Couture, outside left, tied the
game for Stanford in the second
quarter, coming through with a very
opportune follow-up.
The University of San Francisco
Dons' soccer team strfetched their
unbeaten streak to 51 games at the
expense of Stanford by defeating
the Indians 3-1 Saturday morning.
It was not until late in the fourth
quarter that the Hilltoppers sewed
up the game. They were played
even by an inspired Stanford eleven
which did not succumb till Brian
Pike booted home the winners' sec
ond goal with 10 minutes remaining
in the game. USF scored its third
goal on a penalty kick with two
minutes left.
Halfbacks Derek Liecty and Sam
Register, along with goalie Ken
Woods, sparked the Cards' defensive
efforts.
Bob Couture, outside left, tied the
game for Stanford in the second
quarter, coming through with a very
opportune follow-up.
The University of San Francisco
Dons' soccer team strfetched their
unbeaten streak to 51 games at the
expense of Stanford by defeating
the Indians 3-1 Saturday morning.
It was not until late in the fourth
quarter that the Hilltoppers sewed
up the game. They were played
even by an inspired Stanford eleven
which did not succumb till Brian
Pike booted home the winners' sec
ond goal with 10 minutes remaining
in the game. USF scored its third
goal on a penalty kick with two
minutes left.
Halfbacks Derek Liecty and Sam
Register, along with goalie Ken
Woods, sparked the Cards' defensive
efforts.
Bob Couture, outside left, tied the
game for Stanford in the second
quarter, coming through with a very
opportune follow-up.
The University of San Francisco
Dons' soccer team strfetched their
unbeaten streak to 51 games at the
expense of Stanford by defeating
the Indians 3-1 Saturday morning.
It was not until late in the fourth
quarter that the Hilltoppers sewed
up the game. They were played
even by an inspired Stanford eleven
which did not succumb till Brian
Pike booted home the winners' sec
ond goal with 10 minutes remaining
in the game. USF scored its third
goal on a penalty kick with two
minutes left.
Halfbacks Derek Liecty and Sam
Register, along with goalie Ken
Woods, sparked the Cards' defensive
efforts.
Bob Couture, outside left, tied the
game for Stanford in the second
quarter, coming through with a very
opportune follow-up.
The University of San Francisco
Dons' soccer team strfetched their
unbeaten streak to 51 games at the
expense of Stanford by defeating
the Indians 3-1 Saturday morning.
It was not until late in the fourth
quarter that the Hilltoppers sewed
up the game. They were played
even by an inspired Stanford eleven
which did not succumb till Brian
Pike booted home the winners' sec
ond goal with 10 minutes remaining
in the game. USF scored its third
goal on a penalty kick with two
minutes left.
Halfbacks Derek Liecty and Sam
Register, along with goalie Ken
Woods, sparked the Cards' defensive
efforts.
Bob Couture, outside left, tied the
game for Stanford in the second
quarter, coming through with a very
opportune follow-up.
The University of San Francisco
Dons' soccer team strfetched their
unbeaten streak to 51 games at the
expense of Stanford by defeating
the Indians 3-1 Saturday morning.
It was not until late in the fourth
quarter that the Hilltoppers sewed
up the game. They were played
even by an inspired Stanford eleven
which did not succumb till Brian
Pike booted home the winners' sec
ond goal with 10 minutes remaining
in the game. USF scored its third
goal on a penalty kick with two
minutes left.
Halfbacks Derek Liecty and Sam
Register, along with goalie Ken
Woods, sparked the Cards' defensive
efforts.
Bob Couture, outside left, tied the
game for Stanford in the second
quarter, coming through with a very
opportune follow-up.
The University of San Francisco
Dons' soccer team strfetched their
unbeaten streak to 51 games at the
expense of Stanford by defeating
the Indians 3-1 Saturday morning.
It was not until late in the fourth
quarter that the Hilltoppers sewed
up the game. They were played
even by an inspired Stanford eleven
which did not succumb till Brian
Pike booted home the winners' sec
ond goal with 10 minutes remaining
in the game. USF scored its third
goal on a penalty kick with two
minutes left.
Halfbacks Derek Liecty and Sam
Register, along with goalie Ken
Woods, sparked the Cards' defensive
efforts.
Bob Couture, outside left, tied the
game for Stanford in the second
quarter, coming through with a very
opportune follow-up.
The University of San Francisco
Dons' soccer team strfetched their
unbeaten streak to 51 games at the
expense of Stanford by defeating
the Indians 3-1 Saturday morning.
It was not until late in the fourth
quarter that the Hilltoppers sewed
up the game. They were played
even by an inspired Stanford eleven
which did not succumb till Brian
Pike booted home the winners' sec
ond goal with 10 minutes remaining
in the game. USF scored its third
goal on a penalty kick with two
minutes left.
Halfbacks Derek Liecty and Sam
Register, along with goalie Ken
Woods, sparked the Cards' defensive
efforts.
Bob Couture, outside left, tied the
game for Stanford in the second
quarter, coming through with a very
opportune follow-up.
The University of San Francisco
Dons' soccer team strfetched their
unbeaten streak to 51 games at the
expense of Stanford by defeating
the Indians 3-1 Saturday morning.
It was not until late in the fourth
quarter that the Hilltoppers sewed
up the game. They were played
even by an inspired Stanford eleven
which did not succumb till Brian
Pike booted home the winners' sec
ond goal with 10 minutes remaining
in the game. USF scored its third
goal on a penalty kick with two
minutes left.
Halfbacks Derek Liecty and Sam
Register, along with goalie Ken
Woods, sparked the Cards' defensive
efforts.
Bob Couture, outside left, tied the
game for Stanford in the second
quarter, coming through with a very
opportune follow-up.
The University of San Francisco
Dons' soccer team strfetched their
unbeaten streak to 51 games at the
expense of Stanford by defeating
the Indians 3-1 Saturday morning.
It was not until late in the fourth
quarter that the Hilltoppers sewed
up the game. They were played
even by an inspired Stanford eleven
which did not succumb till Brian
Pike booted home the winners' sec
ond goal with 10 minutes remaining
in the game. USF scored its third
goal on a penalty kick with two
minutes left.
Halfbacks Derek Liecty and Sam
Register, along with goalie Ken
Woods, sparked the Cards' defensive
efforts.
Bob Couture, outside left, tied the
game for Stanford in the second
quarter, coming through with a very
opportune follow-up.
