# Stanford Graduates Leaders, Says Swain At Women's Banquet
## 
### 
"Stanford men and women are on
the outside of the herd; they are out
in the front of the activities of the
world," said Acting-President Swain
in his address at the A.W.S. installa
tion banquet held last night. "The
percentage of success among Stanford
graduates has been astonishingly
high," Dr. Swain declared. He com
mented on the multiplied opportuni
ties for service open in the present
era to young college men and women,
and particularly to Stanford women.
"Student body officers," he said, "are
of great awsistance In carrying on
smoothly the administration of the
University."
Janet Harris, retiring president,
gave a resume of the accomplish
ments of the Associated Women Stu
dents during the past year. She enu
merated the institution of automatic
late leaves, changes made in the
smoking regulations, drawing up of
plans for a new women's gymnasium,
combination of the A.W.S. handbook
with the A.S.S.U., and the appoint
ment of a committee to consider re
vision of the A.W.S. constitution.
Eenetta Merner, the new president,
told very briefly of plans which are
being made for the new administra
tion. She stressed the importance of
unity among the women as an aid to
accomplishment.
"Stanford men and women are on
the outside of the herd; they are out
in the front of the activities of the
world," said Acting-President Swain
in his address at the A.W.S. installa
tion banquet held last night. "The
percentage of success among Stanford
graduates has been astonishingly
high," Dr. Swain declared. He com
mented on the multiplied opportuni
ties for service open in the present
era to young college men and women,
and particularly to Stanford women.
"Student body officers," he said, "are
of great awsistance In carrying on
smoothly the administration of the
University."
Janet Harris, retiring president,
gave a resume of the accomplish
ments of the Associated Women Stu
dents during the past year. She enu
merated the institution of automatic
late leaves, changes made in the
smoking regulations, drawing up of
plans for a new women's gymnasium,
combination of the A.W.S. handbook
with the A.S.S.U., and the appoint
ment of a committee to consider re
vision of the A.W.S. constitution.
Eenetta Merner, the new president,
told very briefly of plans which are
being made for the new administra
tion. She stressed the importance of
unity among the women as an aid to
accomplishment.
"Stanford men and women are on
the outside of the herd; they are out
in the front of the activities of the
world," said Acting-President Swain
in his address at the A.W.S. installa
tion banquet held last night. "The
percentage of success among Stanford
graduates has been astonishingly
high," Dr. Swain declared. He com
mented on the multiplied opportuni
ties for service open in the present
era to young college men and women,
and particularly to Stanford women.
"Student body officers," he said, "are
of great awsistance In carrying on
smoothly the administration of the
University."
Janet Harris, retiring president,
gave a resume of the accomplish
ments of the Associated Women Stu
dents during the past year. She enu
merated the institution of automatic
late leaves, changes made in the
smoking regulations, drawing up of
plans for a new women's gymnasium,
combination of the A.W.S. handbook
with the A.S.S.U., and the appoint
ment of a committee to consider re
vision of the A.W.S. constitution.
Eenetta Merner, the new president,
told very briefly of plans which are
being made for the new administra
tion. She stressed the importance of
unity among the women as an aid to
accomplishment.
"Stanford men and women are on
the outside of the herd; they are out
in the front of the activities of the
world," said Acting-President Swain
in his address at the A.W.S. installa
tion banquet held last night. "The
percentage of success among Stanford
graduates has been astonishingly
high," Dr. Swain declared. He com
mented on the multiplied opportuni
ties for service open in the present
era to young college men and women,
and particularly to Stanford women.
"Student body officers," he said, "are
of great awsistance In carrying on
smoothly the administration of the
University."
Janet Harris, retiring president,
gave a resume of the accomplish
ments of the Associated Women Stu
dents during the past year. She enu
merated the institution of automatic
late leaves, changes made in the
smoking regulations, drawing up of
plans for a new women's gymnasium,
combination of the A.W.S. handbook
with the A.S.S.U., and the appoint
ment of a committee to consider re
vision of the A.W.S. constitution.
Eenetta Merner, the new president,
told very briefly of plans which are
being made for the new administra
tion. She stressed the importance of
unity among the women as an aid to
accomplishment.
"Stanford men and women are on
the outside of the herd; they are out
in the front of the activities of the
world," said Acting-President Swain
in his address at the A.W.S. installa
tion banquet held last night. "The
percentage of success among Stanford
graduates has been astonishingly
high," Dr. Swain declared. He com
mented on the multiplied opportuni
ties for service open in the present
era to young college men and women,
and particularly to Stanford women.
"Student body officers," he said, "are
of great awsistance In carrying on
smoothly the administration of the
University."
Janet Harris, retiring president,
gave a resume of the accomplish
ments of the Associated Women Stu
dents during the past year. She enu
merated the institution of automatic
late leaves, changes made in the
smoking regulations, drawing up of
plans for a new women's gymnasium,
combination of the A.W.S. handbook
with the A.S.S.U., and the appoint
ment of a committee to consider re
vision of the A.W.S. constitution.
Eenetta Merner, the new president,
told very briefly of plans which are
being made for the new administra
tion. She stressed the importance of
unity among the women as an aid to
accomplishment.
"Stanford men and women are on
the outside of the herd; they are out
in the front of the activities of the
world," said Acting-President Swain
in his address at the A.W.S. installa
tion banquet held last night. "The
percentage of success among Stanford
graduates has been astonishingly
high," Dr. Swain declared. He com
mented on the multiplied opportuni
ties for service open in the present
era to young college men and women,
and particularly to Stanford women.
"Student body officers," he said, "are
of great awsistance In carrying on
smoothly the administration of the
University."
Janet Harris, retiring president,
gave a resume of the accomplish
ments of the Associated Women Stu
dents during the past year. She enu
merated the institution of automatic
late leaves, changes made in the
smoking regulations, drawing up of
plans for a new women's gymnasium,
combination of the A.W.S. handbook
with the A.S.S.U., and the appoint
ment of a committee to consider re
vision of the A.W.S. constitution.
Eenetta Merner, the new president,
told very briefly of plans which are
being made for the new administra
tion. She stressed the importance of
unity among the women as an aid to
accomplishment.
"Stanford men and women are on
the outside of the herd; they are out
in the front of the activities of the
world," said Acting-President Swain
in his address at the A.W.S. installa
tion banquet held last night. "The
percentage of success among Stanford
graduates has been astonishingly
high," Dr. Swain declared. He com
mented on the multiplied opportuni
ties for service open in the present
era to young college men and women,
and particularly to Stanford women.
"Student body officers," he said, "are
of great awsistance In carrying on
smoothly the administration of the
University."
Janet Harris, retiring president,
gave a resume of the accomplish
ments of the Associated Women Stu
dents during the past year. She enu
merated the institution of automatic
late leaves, changes made in the
smoking regulations, drawing up of
plans for a new women's gymnasium,
combination of the A.W.S. handbook
with the A.S.S.U., and the appoint
ment of a committee to consider re
vision of the A.W.S. constitution.
Eenetta Merner, the new president,
told very briefly of plans which are
being made for the new administra
tion. She stressed the importance of
unity among the women as an aid to
accomplishment.
"Stanford men and women are on
the outside of the herd; they are out
in the front of the activities of the
world," said Acting-President Swain
in his address at the A.W.S. installa
tion banquet held last night. "The
percentage of success among Stanford
graduates has been astonishingly
high," Dr. Swain declared. He com
mented on the multiplied opportuni
ties for service open in the present
era to young college men and women,
and particularly to Stanford women.
"Student body officers," he said, "are
of great awsistance In carrying on
smoothly the administration of the
University."
Janet Harris, retiring president,
gave a resume of the accomplish
ments of the Associated Women Stu
dents during the past year. She enu
merated the institution of automatic
late leaves, changes made in the
smoking regulations, drawing up of
plans for a new women's gymnasium,
combination of the A.W.S. handbook
with the A.S.S.U., and the appoint
ment of a committee to consider re
vision of the A.W.S. constitution.
Eenetta Merner, the new president,
told very briefly of plans which are
being made for the new administra
tion. She stressed the importance of
unity among the women as an aid to
accomplishment.
"Stanford men and women are on
the outside of the herd; they are out
in the front of the activities of the
world," said Acting-President Swain
in his address at the A.W.S. installa
tion banquet held last night. "The
percentage of success among Stanford
graduates has been astonishingly
high," Dr. Swain declared. He com
mented on the multiplied opportuni
ties for service open in the present
era to young college men and women,
and particularly to Stanford women.
"Student body officers," he said, "are
of great awsistance In carrying on
smoothly the administration of the
University."
Janet Harris, retiring president,
gave a resume of the accomplish
ments of the Associated Women Stu
dents during the past year. She enu
merated the institution of automatic
late leaves, changes made in the
smoking regulations, drawing up of
plans for a new women's gymnasium,
combination of the A.W.S. handbook
with the A.S.S.U., and the appoint
ment of a committee to consider re
vision of the A.W.S. constitution.
Eenetta Merner, the new president,
told very briefly of plans which are
being made for the new administra
tion. She stressed the importance of
unity among the women as an aid to
accomplishment.
"Stanford men and women are on
the outside of the herd; they are out
in the front of the activities of the
world," said Acting-President Swain
in his address at the A.W.S. installa
tion banquet held last night. "The
percentage of success among Stanford
graduates has been astonishingly
high," Dr. Swain declared. He com
mented on the multiplied opportuni
ties for service open in the present
era to young college men and women,
and particularly to Stanford women.
"Student body officers," he said, "are
of great awsistance In carrying on
smoothly the administration of the
University."
Janet Harris, retiring president,
gave a resume of the accomplish
ments of the Associated Women Stu
dents during the past year. She enu
merated the institution of automatic
late leaves, changes made in the
smoking regulations, drawing up of
plans for a new women's gymnasium,
combination of the A.W.S. handbook
with the A.S.S.U., and the appoint
ment of a committee to consider re
vision of the A.W.S. constitution.
Eenetta Merner, the new president,
told very briefly of plans which are
being made for the new administra
tion. She stressed the importance of
unity among the women as an aid to
accomplishment.
"Stanford men and women are on
the outside of the herd; they are out
in the front of the activities of the
world," said Acting-President Swain
in his address at the A.W.S. installa
tion banquet held last night. "The
percentage of success among Stanford
graduates has been astonishingly
high," Dr. Swain declared. He com
mented on the multiplied opportuni
ties for service open in the present
era to young college men and women,
and particularly to Stanford women.
"Student body officers," he said, "are
of great awsistance In carrying on
smoothly the administration of the
University."
Janet Harris, retiring president,
gave a resume of the accomplish
ments of the Associated Women Stu
dents during the past year. She enu
merated the institution of automatic
late leaves, changes made in the
smoking regulations, drawing up of
plans for a new women's gymnasium,
combination of the A.W.S. handbook
with the A.S.S.U., and the appoint
ment of a committee to consider re
vision of the A.W.S. constitution.
Eenetta Merner, the new president,
told very briefly of plans which are
being made for the new administra
tion. She stressed the importance of
unity among the women as an aid to
accomplishment.
"Stanford men and women are on
the outside of the herd; they are out
in the front of the activities of the
world," said Acting-President Swain
in his address at the A.W.S. installa
tion banquet held last night. "The
percentage of success among Stanford
graduates has been astonishingly
high," Dr. Swain declared. He com
mented on the multiplied opportuni
ties for service open in the present
era to young college men and women,
and particularly to Stanford women.
"Student body officers," he said, "are
of great awsistance In carrying on
smoothly the administration of the
University."
Janet Harris, retiring president,
gave a resume of the accomplish
ments of the Associated Women Stu
dents during the past year. She enu
merated the institution of automatic
late leaves, changes made in the
smoking regulations, drawing up of
plans for a new women's gymnasium,
combination of the A.W.S. handbook
with the A.S.S.U., and the appoint
ment of a committee to consider re
vision of the A.W.S. constitution.
Eenetta Merner, the new president,
told very briefly of plans which are
being made for the new administra
tion. She stressed the importance of
unity among the women as an aid to
accomplishment.
"Stanford men and women are on
the outside of the herd; they are out
in the front of the activities of the
world," said Acting-President Swain
in his address at the A.W.S. installa
tion banquet held last night. "The
percentage of success among Stanford
graduates has been astonishingly
high," Dr. Swain declared. He com
mented on the multiplied opportuni
ties for service open in the present
era to young college men and women,
and particularly to Stanford women.
"Student body officers," he said, "are
of great awsistance In carrying on
smoothly the administration of the
University."
Janet Harris, retiring president,
gave a resume of the accomplish
ments of the Associated Women Stu
dents during the past year. She enu
merated the institution of automatic
late leaves, changes made in the
smoking regulations, drawing up of
plans for a new women's gymnasium,
combination of the A.W.S. handbook
with the A.S.S.U., and the appoint
ment of a committee to consider re
vision of the A.W.S. constitution.
Eenetta Merner, the new president,
told very briefly of plans which are
being made for the new administra
tion. She stressed the importance of
unity among the women as an aid to
accomplishment.
"Stanford men and women are on
the outside of the herd; they are out
in the front of the activities of the
world," said Acting-President Swain
in his address at the A.W.S. installa
tion banquet held last night. "The
percentage of success among Stanford
graduates has been astonishingly
high," Dr. Swain declared. He com
mented on the multiplied opportuni
ties for service open in the present
era to young college men and women,
and particularly to Stanford women.
"Student body officers," he said, "are
of great awsistance In carrying on
smoothly the administration of the
University."
Janet Harris, retiring president,
gave a resume of the accomplish
ments of the Associated Women Stu
dents during the past year. She enu
merated the institution of automatic
late leaves, changes made in the
smoking regulations, drawing up of
plans for a new women's gymnasium,
combination of the A.W.S. handbook
with the A.S.S.U., and the appoint
ment of a committee to consider re
vision of the A.W.S. constitution.
Eenetta Merner, the new president,
told very briefly of plans which are
being made for the new administra
tion. She stressed the importance of
unity among the women as an aid to
accomplishment.
"Stanford men and women are on
the outside of the herd; they are out
in the front of the activities of the
world," said Acting-President Swain
in his address at the A.W.S. installa
tion banquet held last night. "The
percentage of success among Stanford
graduates has been astonishingly
high," Dr. Swain declared. He com
mented on the multiplied opportuni
ties for service open in the present
era to young college men and women,
and particularly to Stanford women.
"Student body officers," he said, "are
of great awsistance In carrying on
smoothly the administration of the
University."
Janet Harris, retiring president,
gave a resume of the accomplish
ments of the Associated Women Stu
dents during the past year. She enu
merated the institution of automatic
late leaves, changes made in the
smoking regulations, drawing up of
plans for a new women's gymnasium,
combination of the A.W.S. handbook
with the A.S.S.U., and the appoint
ment of a committee to consider re
vision of the A.W.S. constitution.
Eenetta Merner, the new president,
told very briefly of plans which are
being made for the new administra
tion. She stressed the importance of
unity among the women as an aid to
accomplishment.
"Stanford men and women are on
the outside of the herd; they are out
in the front of the activities of the
world," said Acting-President Swain
in his address at the A.W.S. installa
tion banquet held last night. "The
percentage of success among Stanford
graduates has been astonishingly
high," Dr. Swain declared. He com
mented on the multiplied opportuni
ties for service open in the present
era to young college men and women,
and particularly to Stanford women.
"Student body officers," he said, "are
of great awsistance In carrying on
smoothly the administration of the
University."
Janet Harris, retiring president,
gave a resume of the accomplish
ments of the Associated Women Stu
dents during the past year. She enu
merated the institution of automatic
late leaves, changes made in the
smoking regulations, drawing up of
plans for a new women's gymnasium,
combination of the A.W.S. handbook
with the A.S.S.U., and the appoint
ment of a committee to consider re
vision of the A.W.S. constitution.
Eenetta Merner, the new president,
told very briefly of plans which are
being made for the new administra
tion. She stressed the importance of
unity among the women as an aid to
accomplishment.
