# FIRST BAPTIST CHURCH
## 
### 
Everyone is invited to attend a
discussion at 7 p.m. Sunday at the
church, located at California and
Bryant streets. Call DA 3-9715 for
transportation.
Everyone is invited to attend a
discussion at 7 p.m. Sunday at the
church, located at California and
Bryant streets. Call DA 3-9715 for
transportation.
Everyone is invited to attend a
discussion at 7 p.m. Sunday at the
church, located at California and
Bryant streets. Call DA 3-9715 for
transportation.
Everyone is invited to attend a
discussion at 7 p.m. Sunday at the
church, located at California and
Bryant streets. Call DA 3-9715 for
transportation.
Everyone is invited to attend a
discussion at 7 p.m. Sunday at the
church, located at California and
Bryant streets. Call DA 3-9715 for
transportation.
Everyone is invited to attend a
discussion at 7 p.m. Sunday at the
church, located at California and
Bryant streets. Call DA 3-9715 for
transportation.
Everyone is invited to attend a
discussion at 7 p.m. Sunday at the
church, located at California and
Bryant streets. Call DA 3-9715 for
transportation.
Everyone is invited to attend a
discussion at 7 p.m. Sunday at the
church, located at California and
Bryant streets. Call DA 3-9715 for
transportation.
Everyone is invited to attend a
discussion at 7 p.m. Sunday at the
church, located at California and
Bryant streets. Call DA 3-9715 for
transportation.
Everyone is invited to attend a
discussion at 7 p.m. Sunday at the
church, located at California and
Bryant streets. Call DA 3-9715 for
transportation.
Everyone is invited to attend a
discussion at 7 p.m. Sunday at the
church, located at California and
Bryant streets. Call DA 3-9715 for
transportation.
Everyone is invited to attend a
discussion at 7 p.m. Sunday at the
church, located at California and
Bryant streets. Call DA 3-9715 for
transportation.
Everyone is invited to attend a
discussion at 7 p.m. Sunday at the
church, located at California and
Bryant streets. Call DA 3-9715 for
transportation.
Everyone is invited to attend a
discussion at 7 p.m. Sunday at the
church, located at California and
Bryant streets. Call DA 3-9715 for
transportation.
