# YWCA DELEGATES
## 
### 
Interviews for Stanford YWCA
delegates to the National Assembly
will be held today from 4 to 6 in
the "Y" office, third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Interviews for Stanford YWCA
delegates to the National Assembly
will be held today from 4 to 6 in
the "Y" office, third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Interviews for Stanford YWCA
delegates to the National Assembly
will be held today from 4 to 6 in
the "Y" office, third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Interviews for Stanford YWCA
delegates to the National Assembly
will be held today from 4 to 6 in
the "Y" office, third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Interviews for Stanford YWCA
delegates to the National Assembly
will be held today from 4 to 6 in
the "Y" office, third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Interviews for Stanford YWCA
delegates to the National Assembly
will be held today from 4 to 6 in
the "Y" office, third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Interviews for Stanford YWCA
delegates to the National Assembly
will be held today from 4 to 6 in
the "Y" office, third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Interviews for Stanford YWCA
delegates to the National Assembly
will be held today from 4 to 6 in
the "Y" office, third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Interviews for Stanford YWCA
delegates to the National Assembly
will be held today from 4 to 6 in
the "Y" office, third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Interviews for Stanford YWCA
delegates to the National Assembly
will be held today from 4 to 6 in
the "Y" office, third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Interviews for Stanford YWCA
delegates to the National Assembly
will be held today from 4 to 6 in
the "Y" office, third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Interviews for Stanford YWCA
delegates to the National Assembly
will be held today from 4 to 6 in
the "Y" office, third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Interviews for Stanford YWCA
delegates to the National Assembly
will be held today from 4 to 6 in
the "Y" office, third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Interviews for Stanford YWCA
delegates to the National Assembly
will be held today from 4 to 6 in
the "Y" office, third floor of the
Women's Clubhouse.
