# The 						Big Lie' to Give Facts on Propaganda
## 
### 
Soviet anti-Amcrican propaganda
and American counter-efforts will
he described and analyzed Sunday
at 10:30 am. over station KEEN on
the Stanford Institute of Interna
tional Relations' weekly program,
"The Rig Lie."
Soviet newspaper headlines about
America arc to be part of the
USSR's propaganda efforts against
the United States discussed by
George Vclliotes, the program's
producer. $
Soviet anti-Amcrican propaganda
and American counter-efforts will
he described and analyzed Sunday
at 10:30 am. over station KEEN on
the Stanford Institute of Interna
tional Relations' weekly program,
"The Rig Lie."
Soviet newspaper headlines about
America arc to be part of the
USSR's propaganda efforts against
the United States discussed by
George Vclliotes, the program's
producer. $
Soviet anti-Amcrican propaganda
and American counter-efforts will
he described and analyzed Sunday
at 10:30 am. over station KEEN on
the Stanford Institute of Interna
tional Relations' weekly program,
"The Rig Lie."
Soviet newspaper headlines about
America arc to be part of the
USSR's propaganda efforts against
the United States discussed by
George Vclliotes, the program's
producer. $
Soviet anti-Amcrican propaganda
and American counter-efforts will
he described and analyzed Sunday
at 10:30 am. over station KEEN on
the Stanford Institute of Interna
tional Relations' weekly program,
"The Rig Lie."
Soviet newspaper headlines about
America arc to be part of the
USSR's propaganda efforts against
the United States discussed by
George Vclliotes, the program's
producer. $
Soviet anti-Amcrican propaganda
and American counter-efforts will
he described and analyzed Sunday
at 10:30 am. over station KEEN on
the Stanford Institute of Interna
tional Relations' weekly program,
"The Rig Lie."
Soviet newspaper headlines about
America arc to be part of the
USSR's propaganda efforts against
the United States discussed by
George Vclliotes, the program's
producer. $
Soviet anti-Amcrican propaganda
and American counter-efforts will
he described and analyzed Sunday
at 10:30 am. over station KEEN on
the Stanford Institute of Interna
tional Relations' weekly program,
"The Rig Lie."
Soviet newspaper headlines about
America arc to be part of the
USSR's propaganda efforts against
the United States discussed by
George Vclliotes, the program's
producer. $
Soviet anti-Amcrican propaganda
and American counter-efforts will
he described and analyzed Sunday
at 10:30 am. over station KEEN on
the Stanford Institute of Interna
tional Relations' weekly program,
"The Rig Lie."
Soviet newspaper headlines about
America arc to be part of the
USSR's propaganda efforts against
the United States discussed by
George Vclliotes, the program's
producer. $
Soviet anti-Amcrican propaganda
and American counter-efforts will
he described and analyzed Sunday
at 10:30 am. over station KEEN on
the Stanford Institute of Interna
tional Relations' weekly program,
"The Rig Lie."
Soviet newspaper headlines about
America arc to be part of the
USSR's propaganda efforts against
the United States discussed by
George Vclliotes, the program's
producer. $
Soviet anti-Amcrican propaganda
and American counter-efforts will
he described and analyzed Sunday
at 10:30 am. over station KEEN on
the Stanford Institute of Interna
tional Relations' weekly program,
"The Rig Lie."
Soviet newspaper headlines about
America arc to be part of the
USSR's propaganda efforts against
the United States discussed by
George Vclliotes, the program's
producer. $
Soviet anti-Amcrican propaganda
and American counter-efforts will
he described and analyzed Sunday
at 10:30 am. over station KEEN on
the Stanford Institute of Interna
tional Relations' weekly program,
"The Rig Lie."
Soviet newspaper headlines about
America arc to be part of the
USSR's propaganda efforts against
the United States discussed by
George Vclliotes, the program's
producer. $
Soviet anti-Amcrican propaganda
and American counter-efforts will
he described and analyzed Sunday
at 10:30 am. over station KEEN on
the Stanford Institute of Interna
tional Relations' weekly program,
"The Rig Lie."
Soviet newspaper headlines about
America arc to be part of the
USSR's propaganda efforts against
the United States discussed by
George Vclliotes, the program's
producer. $
Soviet anti-Amcrican propaganda
and American counter-efforts will
he described and analyzed Sunday
at 10:30 am. over station KEEN on
the Stanford Institute of Interna
tional Relations' weekly program,
"The Rig Lie."
Soviet newspaper headlines about
America arc to be part of the
USSR's propaganda efforts against
the United States discussed by
George Vclliotes, the program's
producer. $
Soviet anti-Amcrican propaganda
and American counter-efforts will
he described and analyzed Sunday
at 10:30 am. over station KEEN on
the Stanford Institute of Interna
tional Relations' weekly program,
"The Rig Lie."
Soviet newspaper headlines about
America arc to be part of the
USSR's propaganda efforts against
the United States discussed by
George Vclliotes, the program's
producer. $
Soviet anti-Amcrican propaganda
and American counter-efforts will
he described and analyzed Sunday
at 10:30 am. over station KEEN on
the Stanford Institute of Interna
tional Relations' weekly program,
"The Rig Lie."
Soviet newspaper headlines about
America arc to be part of the
USSR's propaganda efforts against
the United States discussed by
George Vclliotes, the program's
producer. $
