# Dr. Bailey Will Teach at Harvard
## 
### 
Dr. Thomas A. Bailey, professor of i
history, has taken a leave of absence
for the current academic year, in '
order to teach the winter and spring
semesters, Nov. 1, 1943 to June 30,
1944, at Harvard University.* He
leaves Palo Alto today.
He will offer a general lecture j
course on United States history, an
advanced lecture course on his spe- j
cialty, the diplomatic history of the
United States, and a seminar in dip
lomatic history. One of the lecture
courses will be repeated in Radcliffe
College.
Professor Bailey expects to spend
some of his time putting the final
touches on a manuscript, "Woodrow
Wilson and the Peace That Failed," j
and to continue woi'k on the com- '
panion volume, '"The United States
and the Breakdown of Collective
Security."
