# Lagunita Will Hold Selections For Officers
## 
### 
Elections at Lagunita Court will be
held today for Lagunita secretary.
The voting for this office will take
place in the main lobby before and
after lunch and before dinner. Four
of the casas are also electing a new
vice-president-secretary during their
casa meetings.
Nominees for the office of secretary
are: Jean Stroud, Eleanor Marke,
Virginia Biddle, Alice Lindberg, Pam
Stratsairn, Dorothy Frost, Joan Ful
lenwider, and Norma Anzini.
Casa Adelfa will elect either Peggy
Russell or Madelene Brill for then
vice-president. Nominees of Casa
Eucalypto are: Katherine Thomas,
Virginia Hobbs, Jackie Roth, and
Eleanor Lamb. Nominees of Casa
Granada are: Virginia Butler, Bar
bara Brook, Barbara Stofer, Pat Pat
ten, and Janice Gentile. Nominees of
Casa Magnolia are: Pat McCorriston,
Jeanne Robinson, Betty Jane Voss,
Cathy Reuter, Marian Turner, and
Barbara Gray.
