# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The University of Michigan has
twenty-seven alumni in Congress.
The University of Michigan has
twenty-seven alumni in Congress.
The University of Michigan has
twenty-seven alumni in Congress.
The University of Michigan has
twenty-seven alumni in Congress.
The University of Michigan has
twenty-seven alumni in Congress.
The University of Michigan has
twenty-seven alumni in Congress.
The University of Michigan has
twenty-seven alumni in Congress.
The University of Michigan has
twenty-seven alumni in Congress.
The University of Michigan has
twenty-seven alumni in Congress.
The University of Michigan has
twenty-seven alumni in Congress.
The University of Michigan has
twenty-seven alumni in Congress.
The University of Michigan has
twenty-seven alumni in Congress.
The University of Michigan has
twenty-seven alumni in Congress.
The University of Michigan has
twenty-seven alumni in Congress.
