# New Daily Cal Board Meets
## 
### 
The Daily Cal's recently appoint
ed advisory board held its first
meeting Saturday. Monday it was
announced thai in the future the
board will meet once a month.
Appointed by California's Presi
dent Robert Gordon Sproul, the
board members include three Daily
Cal representatives, three reprcsen
tatievs from the student body at
large, two faculty members, two
representatives nf the administra
tion, and two members of the alum
ni association.
At the opening meeting of the ad
visory committee it war; decided
that seven out of 12 members of the
committee will comprise a quorum.
In matters considered urgent by
Michael Fallon, editor of Iho paper
and chairman ol the committee,
members m-iy be polled by tele
phone.
