# Farm's Debaters To Meet Tuesday
## 
### 
The first meeting of Stanford de
baters will be held next Tuesday
afternoon, at 4 p.m. in Room 200S
in the basement of the English Cor
ner, Bob Hammett, debate manager,
announced today.
At this first meeting, all debaters,
including freshmen, will meet to
gether to discuss plans for the com
ing season. According to the debate
office, several major trips and tour
naments are planned in addition to
increased activity in intramural de
bating.
Stanfox-d's debate coach, Dr. Le
land Chapin, is now in Hawaii on an
exchange professorship. His place is
taken by Dr. N. B. Beck, Hawaii's
coach .Freshmen are particularly in
vited to attend the first meeting on
Sept. 30. This year's frosh coach is
George Peavey of the speech and
drama department.
The first meeting of Stanford de
baters will be held next Tuesday
afternoon, at 4 p.m. in Room 200S
in the basement of the English Cor
ner, Bob Hammett, debate manager,
announced today.
At this first meeting, all debaters,
including freshmen, will meet to
gether to discuss plans for the com
ing season. According to the debate
office, several major trips and tour
naments are planned in addition to
increased activity in intramural de
bating.
Stanfox-d's debate coach, Dr. Le
land Chapin, is now in Hawaii on an
exchange professorship. His place is
taken by Dr. N. B. Beck, Hawaii's
coach .Freshmen are particularly in
vited to attend the first meeting on
Sept. 30. This year's frosh coach is
George Peavey of the speech and
drama department.
The first meeting of Stanford de
baters will be held next Tuesday
afternoon, at 4 p.m. in Room 200S
in the basement of the English Cor
ner, Bob Hammett, debate manager,
announced today.
At this first meeting, all debaters,
including freshmen, will meet to
gether to discuss plans for the com
ing season. According to the debate
office, several major trips and tour
naments are planned in addition to
increased activity in intramural de
bating.
Stanfox-d's debate coach, Dr. Le
land Chapin, is now in Hawaii on an
exchange professorship. His place is
taken by Dr. N. B. Beck, Hawaii's
coach .Freshmen are particularly in
vited to attend the first meeting on
Sept. 30. This year's frosh coach is
George Peavey of the speech and
drama department.
The first meeting of Stanford de
baters will be held next Tuesday
afternoon, at 4 p.m. in Room 200S
in the basement of the English Cor
ner, Bob Hammett, debate manager,
announced today.
At this first meeting, all debaters,
including freshmen, will meet to
gether to discuss plans for the com
ing season. According to the debate
office, several major trips and tour
naments are planned in addition to
increased activity in intramural de
bating.
Stanfox-d's debate coach, Dr. Le
land Chapin, is now in Hawaii on an
exchange professorship. His place is
taken by Dr. N. B. Beck, Hawaii's
coach .Freshmen are particularly in
vited to attend the first meeting on
Sept. 30. This year's frosh coach is
George Peavey of the speech and
drama department.
The first meeting of Stanford de
baters will be held next Tuesday
afternoon, at 4 p.m. in Room 200S
in the basement of the English Cor
ner, Bob Hammett, debate manager,
announced today.
At this first meeting, all debaters,
including freshmen, will meet to
gether to discuss plans for the com
ing season. According to the debate
office, several major trips and tour
naments are planned in addition to
increased activity in intramural de
bating.
Stanfox-d's debate coach, Dr. Le
land Chapin, is now in Hawaii on an
exchange professorship. His place is
taken by Dr. N. B. Beck, Hawaii's
coach .Freshmen are particularly in
vited to attend the first meeting on
Sept. 30. This year's frosh coach is
George Peavey of the speech and
drama department.
The first meeting of Stanford de
baters will be held next Tuesday
afternoon, at 4 p.m. in Room 200S
in the basement of the English Cor
ner, Bob Hammett, debate manager,
announced today.
At this first meeting, all debaters,
including freshmen, will meet to
gether to discuss plans for the com
ing season. According to the debate
office, several major trips and tour
naments are planned in addition to
increased activity in intramural de
bating.
Stanfox-d's debate coach, Dr. Le
land Chapin, is now in Hawaii on an
exchange professorship. His place is
taken by Dr. N. B. Beck, Hawaii's
coach .Freshmen are particularly in
vited to attend the first meeting on
Sept. 30. This year's frosh coach is
George Peavey of the speech and
drama department.
The first meeting of Stanford de
baters will be held next Tuesday
afternoon, at 4 p.m. in Room 200S
in the basement of the English Cor
ner, Bob Hammett, debate manager,
announced today.
At this first meeting, all debaters,
including freshmen, will meet to
gether to discuss plans for the com
ing season. According to the debate
office, several major trips and tour
naments are planned in addition to
increased activity in intramural de
bating.
Stanfox-d's debate coach, Dr. Le
land Chapin, is now in Hawaii on an
exchange professorship. His place is
taken by Dr. N. B. Beck, Hawaii's
coach .Freshmen are particularly in
vited to attend the first meeting on
Sept. 30. This year's frosh coach is
George Peavey of the speech and
drama department.
The first meeting of Stanford de
baters will be held next Tuesday
afternoon, at 4 p.m. in Room 200S
in the basement of the English Cor
ner, Bob Hammett, debate manager,
announced today.
At this first meeting, all debaters,
including freshmen, will meet to
gether to discuss plans for the com
ing season. According to the debate
office, several major trips and tour
naments are planned in addition to
increased activity in intramural de
bating.
Stanfox-d's debate coach, Dr. Le
land Chapin, is now in Hawaii on an
exchange professorship. His place is
taken by Dr. N. B. Beck, Hawaii's
coach .Freshmen are particularly in
vited to attend the first meeting on
Sept. 30. This year's frosh coach is
George Peavey of the speech and
drama department.
The first meeting of Stanford de
baters will be held next Tuesday
afternoon, at 4 p.m. in Room 200S
in the basement of the English Cor
ner, Bob Hammett, debate manager,
announced today.
At this first meeting, all debaters,
including freshmen, will meet to
gether to discuss plans for the com
ing season. According to the debate
office, several major trips and tour
naments are planned in addition to
increased activity in intramural de
bating.
Stanfox-d's debate coach, Dr. Le
land Chapin, is now in Hawaii on an
exchange professorship. His place is
taken by Dr. N. B. Beck, Hawaii's
coach .Freshmen are particularly in
vited to attend the first meeting on
Sept. 30. This year's frosh coach is
George Peavey of the speech and
drama department.
The first meeting of Stanford de
baters will be held next Tuesday
afternoon, at 4 p.m. in Room 200S
in the basement of the English Cor
ner, Bob Hammett, debate manager,
announced today.
At this first meeting, all debaters,
including freshmen, will meet to
gether to discuss plans for the com
ing season. According to the debate
office, several major trips and tour
naments are planned in addition to
increased activity in intramural de
bating.
Stanfox-d's debate coach, Dr. Le
land Chapin, is now in Hawaii on an
exchange professorship. His place is
taken by Dr. N. B. Beck, Hawaii's
coach .Freshmen are particularly in
vited to attend the first meeting on
Sept. 30. This year's frosh coach is
George Peavey of the speech and
drama department.
The first meeting of Stanford de
baters will be held next Tuesday
afternoon, at 4 p.m. in Room 200S
in the basement of the English Cor
ner, Bob Hammett, debate manager,
announced today.
At this first meeting, all debaters,
including freshmen, will meet to
gether to discuss plans for the com
ing season. According to the debate
office, several major trips and tour
naments are planned in addition to
increased activity in intramural de
bating.
Stanfox-d's debate coach, Dr. Le
land Chapin, is now in Hawaii on an
exchange professorship. His place is
taken by Dr. N. B. Beck, Hawaii's
coach .Freshmen are particularly in
vited to attend the first meeting on
Sept. 30. This year's frosh coach is
George Peavey of the speech and
drama department.
The first meeting of Stanford de
baters will be held next Tuesday
afternoon, at 4 p.m. in Room 200S
in the basement of the English Cor
ner, Bob Hammett, debate manager,
announced today.
At this first meeting, all debaters,
including freshmen, will meet to
gether to discuss plans for the com
ing season. According to the debate
office, several major trips and tour
naments are planned in addition to
increased activity in intramural de
bating.
Stanfox-d's debate coach, Dr. Le
land Chapin, is now in Hawaii on an
exchange professorship. His place is
taken by Dr. N. B. Beck, Hawaii's
coach .Freshmen are particularly in
vited to attend the first meeting on
Sept. 30. This year's frosh coach is
George Peavey of the speech and
drama department.
The first meeting of Stanford de
baters will be held next Tuesday
afternoon, at 4 p.m. in Room 200S
in the basement of the English Cor
ner, Bob Hammett, debate manager,
announced today.
At this first meeting, all debaters,
including freshmen, will meet to
gether to discuss plans for the com
ing season. According to the debate
office, several major trips and tour
naments are planned in addition to
increased activity in intramural de
bating.
Stanfox-d's debate coach, Dr. Le
land Chapin, is now in Hawaii on an
exchange professorship. His place is
taken by Dr. N. B. Beck, Hawaii's
coach .Freshmen are particularly in
vited to attend the first meeting on
Sept. 30. This year's frosh coach is
George Peavey of the speech and
drama department.
The first meeting of Stanford de
baters will be held next Tuesday
afternoon, at 4 p.m. in Room 200S
in the basement of the English Cor
ner, Bob Hammett, debate manager,
announced today.
At this first meeting, all debaters,
including freshmen, will meet to
gether to discuss plans for the com
ing season. According to the debate
office, several major trips and tour
naments are planned in addition to
increased activity in intramural de
bating.
Stanfox-d's debate coach, Dr. Le
land Chapin, is now in Hawaii on an
exchange professorship. His place is
taken by Dr. N. B. Beck, Hawaii's
coach .Freshmen are particularly in
vited to attend the first meeting on
Sept. 30. This year's frosh coach is
George Peavey of the speech and
drama department.
The first meeting of Stanford de
baters will be held next Tuesday
afternoon, at 4 p.m. in Room 200S
in the basement of the English Cor
ner, Bob Hammett, debate manager,
announced today.
At this first meeting, all debaters,
including freshmen, will meet to
gether to discuss plans for the com
ing season. According to the debate
office, several major trips and tour
naments are planned in addition to
increased activity in intramural de
bating.
Stanfox-d's debate coach, Dr. Le
land Chapin, is now in Hawaii on an
exchange professorship. His place is
taken by Dr. N. B. Beck, Hawaii's
coach .Freshmen are particularly in
vited to attend the first meeting on
Sept. 30. This year's frosh coach is
George Peavey of the speech and
drama department.
The first meeting of Stanford de
baters will be held next Tuesday
afternoon, at 4 p.m. in Room 200S
in the basement of the English Cor
ner, Bob Hammett, debate manager,
announced today.
At this first meeting, all debaters,
including freshmen, will meet to
gether to discuss plans for the com
ing season. According to the debate
office, several major trips and tour
naments are planned in addition to
increased activity in intramural de
bating.
Stanfox-d's debate coach, Dr. Le
land Chapin, is now in Hawaii on an
exchange professorship. His place is
taken by Dr. N. B. Beck, Hawaii's
coach .Freshmen are particularly in
vited to attend the first meeting on
Sept. 30. This year's frosh coach is
George Peavey of the speech and
drama department.
The first meeting of Stanford de
baters will be held next Tuesday
afternoon, at 4 p.m. in Room 200S
in the basement of the English Cor
ner, Bob Hammett, debate manager,
announced today.
At this first meeting, all debaters,
including freshmen, will meet to
gether to discuss plans for the com
ing season. According to the debate
office, several major trips and tour
naments are planned in addition to
increased activity in intramural de
bating.
Stanfox-d's debate coach, Dr. Le
land Chapin, is now in Hawaii on an
exchange professorship. His place is
taken by Dr. N. B. Beck, Hawaii's
coach .Freshmen are particularly in
vited to attend the first meeting on
Sept. 30. This year's frosh coach is
George Peavey of the speech and
drama department.
The first meeting of Stanford de
baters will be held next Tuesday
afternoon, at 4 p.m. in Room 200S
in the basement of the English Cor
ner, Bob Hammett, debate manager,
announced today.
At this first meeting, all debaters,
including freshmen, will meet to
gether to discuss plans for the com
ing season. According to the debate
office, several major trips and tour
naments are planned in addition to
increased activity in intramural de
bating.
Stanfox-d's debate coach, Dr. Le
land Chapin, is now in Hawaii on an
exchange professorship. His place is
taken by Dr. N. B. Beck, Hawaii's
coach .Freshmen are particularly in
vited to attend the first meeting on
Sept. 30. This year's frosh coach is
George Peavey of the speech and
drama department.
