# U.S. SHIP IN TROUBLE
## 
### 
CARACAS, Venezuela, Sept. 25
(UP). — The hurricane - buffeted
United States motorship Libby
Maine flashed a distress message
today that she was sinking at a
point about 90 miles due north of
the island of .Aruba, Dutch West
Indies.
CARACAS, Venezuela, Sept. 25
(UP). — The hurricane - buffeted
United States motorship Libby
Maine flashed a distress message
today that she was sinking at a
point about 90 miles due north of
the island of .Aruba, Dutch West
Indies.
CARACAS, Venezuela, Sept. 25
(UP). — The hurricane - buffeted
United States motorship Libby
Maine flashed a distress message
today that she was sinking at a
point about 90 miles due north of
the island of .Aruba, Dutch West
Indies.
CARACAS, Venezuela, Sept. 25
(UP). — The hurricane - buffeted
United States motorship Libby
Maine flashed a distress message
today that she was sinking at a
point about 90 miles due north of
the island of .Aruba, Dutch West
Indies.
CARACAS, Venezuela, Sept. 25
(UP). — The hurricane - buffeted
United States motorship Libby
Maine flashed a distress message
today that she was sinking at a
point about 90 miles due north of
the island of .Aruba, Dutch West
Indies.
CARACAS, Venezuela, Sept. 25
(UP). — The hurricane - buffeted
United States motorship Libby
Maine flashed a distress message
today that she was sinking at a
point about 90 miles due north of
the island of .Aruba, Dutch West
Indies.
CARACAS, Venezuela, Sept. 25
(UP). — The hurricane - buffeted
United States motorship Libby
Maine flashed a distress message
today that she was sinking at a
point about 90 miles due north of
the island of .Aruba, Dutch West
Indies.
CARACAS, Venezuela, Sept. 25
(UP). — The hurricane - buffeted
United States motorship Libby
Maine flashed a distress message
today that she was sinking at a
point about 90 miles due north of
the island of .Aruba, Dutch West
Indies.
CARACAS, Venezuela, Sept. 25
(UP). — The hurricane - buffeted
United States motorship Libby
Maine flashed a distress message
today that she was sinking at a
point about 90 miles due north of
the island of .Aruba, Dutch West
Indies.
CARACAS, Venezuela, Sept. 25
(UP). — The hurricane - buffeted
United States motorship Libby
Maine flashed a distress message
today that she was sinking at a
point about 90 miles due north of
the island of .Aruba, Dutch West
Indies.
CARACAS, Venezuela, Sept. 25
(UP). — The hurricane - buffeted
United States motorship Libby
Maine flashed a distress message
today that she was sinking at a
point about 90 miles due north of
the island of .Aruba, Dutch West
Indies.
CARACAS, Venezuela, Sept. 25
(UP). — The hurricane - buffeted
United States motorship Libby
Maine flashed a distress message
today that she was sinking at a
point about 90 miles due north of
the island of .Aruba, Dutch West
Indies.
CARACAS, Venezuela, Sept. 25
(UP). — The hurricane - buffeted
United States motorship Libby
Maine flashed a distress message
today that she was sinking at a
point about 90 miles due north of
the island of .Aruba, Dutch West
Indies.
CARACAS, Venezuela, Sept. 25
(UP). — The hurricane - buffeted
United States motorship Libby
Maine flashed a distress message
today that she was sinking at a
point about 90 miles due north of
the island of .Aruba, Dutch West
Indies.
CARACAS, Venezuela, Sept. 25
(UP). — The hurricane - buffeted
United States motorship Libby
Maine flashed a distress message
today that she was sinking at a
point about 90 miles due north of
the island of .Aruba, Dutch West
Indies.
CARACAS, Venezuela, Sept. 25
(UP). — The hurricane - buffeted
United States motorship Libby
Maine flashed a distress message
today that she was sinking at a
point about 90 miles due north of
the island of .Aruba, Dutch West
Indies.
CARACAS, Venezuela, Sept. 25
(UP). — The hurricane - buffeted
United States motorship Libby
Maine flashed a distress message
today that she was sinking at a
point about 90 miles due north of
the island of .Aruba, Dutch West
Indies.
CARACAS, Venezuela, Sept. 25
(UP). — The hurricane - buffeted
United States motorship Libby
Maine flashed a distress message
today that she was sinking at a
point about 90 miles due north of
the island of .Aruba, Dutch West
Indies.
