# GAMMA PHI ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
A five-pound box of candy passed
recently at the Gamma Phi Beta
house revealed the engagement of
Anna Batten, '43, and Warren
Mitchell, '41. Mitchell is a member
of Alpha Tau Omega and was pro
motion manager of The Daily last
year.
A five-pound box of candy passed
recently at the Gamma Phi Beta
house revealed the engagement of
Anna Batten, '43, and Warren
Mitchell, '41. Mitchell is a member
of Alpha Tau Omega and was pro
motion manager of The Daily last
year.
A five-pound box of candy passed
recently at the Gamma Phi Beta
house revealed the engagement of
Anna Batten, '43, and Warren
Mitchell, '41. Mitchell is a member
of Alpha Tau Omega and was pro
motion manager of The Daily last
year.
A five-pound box of candy passed
recently at the Gamma Phi Beta
house revealed the engagement of
Anna Batten, '43, and Warren
Mitchell, '41. Mitchell is a member
of Alpha Tau Omega and was pro
motion manager of The Daily last
year.
A five-pound box of candy passed
recently at the Gamma Phi Beta
house revealed the engagement of
Anna Batten, '43, and Warren
Mitchell, '41. Mitchell is a member
of Alpha Tau Omega and was pro
motion manager of The Daily last
year.
A five-pound box of candy passed
recently at the Gamma Phi Beta
house revealed the engagement of
Anna Batten, '43, and Warren
Mitchell, '41. Mitchell is a member
of Alpha Tau Omega and was pro
motion manager of The Daily last
year.
A five-pound box of candy passed
recently at the Gamma Phi Beta
house revealed the engagement of
Anna Batten, '43, and Warren
Mitchell, '41. Mitchell is a member
of Alpha Tau Omega and was pro
motion manager of The Daily last
year.
A five-pound box of candy passed
recently at the Gamma Phi Beta
house revealed the engagement of
Anna Batten, '43, and Warren
Mitchell, '41. Mitchell is a member
of Alpha Tau Omega and was pro
motion manager of The Daily last
year.
A five-pound box of candy passed
recently at the Gamma Phi Beta
house revealed the engagement of
Anna Batten, '43, and Warren
Mitchell, '41. Mitchell is a member
of Alpha Tau Omega and was pro
motion manager of The Daily last
year.
A five-pound box of candy passed
recently at the Gamma Phi Beta
house revealed the engagement of
Anna Batten, '43, and Warren
Mitchell, '41. Mitchell is a member
of Alpha Tau Omega and was pro
motion manager of The Daily last
year.
A five-pound box of candy passed
recently at the Gamma Phi Beta
house revealed the engagement of
Anna Batten, '43, and Warren
Mitchell, '41. Mitchell is a member
of Alpha Tau Omega and was pro
motion manager of The Daily last
year.
A five-pound box of candy passed
recently at the Gamma Phi Beta
house revealed the engagement of
Anna Batten, '43, and Warren
Mitchell, '41. Mitchell is a member
of Alpha Tau Omega and was pro
motion manager of The Daily last
year.
A five-pound box of candy passed
recently at the Gamma Phi Beta
house revealed the engagement of
Anna Batten, '43, and Warren
Mitchell, '41. Mitchell is a member
of Alpha Tau Omega and was pro
motion manager of The Daily last
year.
A five-pound box of candy passed
recently at the Gamma Phi Beta
house revealed the engagement of
Anna Batten, '43, and Warren
Mitchell, '41. Mitchell is a member
of Alpha Tau Omega and was pro
motion manager of The Daily last
year.
A five-pound box of candy passed
recently at the Gamma Phi Beta
house revealed the engagement of
Anna Batten, '43, and Warren
Mitchell, '41. Mitchell is a member
of Alpha Tau Omega and was pro
motion manager of The Daily last
year.
A five-pound box of candy passed
recently at the Gamma Phi Beta
house revealed the engagement of
Anna Batten, '43, and Warren
Mitchell, '41. Mitchell is a member
of Alpha Tau Omega and was pro
motion manager of The Daily last
year.
A five-pound box of candy passed
recently at the Gamma Phi Beta
house revealed the engagement of
Anna Batten, '43, and Warren
Mitchell, '41. Mitchell is a member
of Alpha Tau Omega and was pro
motion manager of The Daily last
year.
A five-pound box of candy passed
recently at the Gamma Phi Beta
house revealed the engagement of
Anna Batten, '43, and Warren
Mitchell, '41. Mitchell is a member
of Alpha Tau Omega and was pro
motion manager of The Daily last
year.
