# Tourney Notice
## 
### 
First-round matches in the All -
University golf tournament should
be played this week if possible, ac
cording to Elwyn Bugge, intramural
director. *•
First-round matches in the All -
University golf tournament should
be played this week if possible, ac
cording to Elwyn Bugge, intramural
director. *•
First-round matches in the All -
University golf tournament should
be played this week if possible, ac
cording to Elwyn Bugge, intramural
director. *•
First-round matches in the All -
University golf tournament should
be played this week if possible, ac
cording to Elwyn Bugge, intramural
director. *•
First-round matches in the All -
University golf tournament should
be played this week if possible, ac
cording to Elwyn Bugge, intramural
director. *•
First-round matches in the All -
University golf tournament should
be played this week if possible, ac
cording to Elwyn Bugge, intramural
director. *•
First-round matches in the All -
University golf tournament should
be played this week if possible, ac
cording to Elwyn Bugge, intramural
director. *•
First-round matches in the All -
University golf tournament should
be played this week if possible, ac
cording to Elwyn Bugge, intramural
director. *•
First-round matches in the All -
University golf tournament should
be played this week if possible, ac
cording to Elwyn Bugge, intramural
director. *•
First-round matches in the All -
University golf tournament should
be played this week if possible, ac
cording to Elwyn Bugge, intramural
director. *•
First-round matches in the All -
University golf tournament should
be played this week if possible, ac
cording to Elwyn Bugge, intramural
director. *•
First-round matches in the All -
University golf tournament should
be played this week if possible, ac
cording to Elwyn Bugge, intramural
director. *•
First-round matches in the All -
University golf tournament should
be played this week if possible, ac
cording to Elwyn Bugge, intramural
director. *•
First-round matches in the All -
University golf tournament should
be played this week if possible, ac
cording to Elwyn Bugge, intramural
director. *•
First-round matches in the All -
University golf tournament should
be played this week if possible, ac
cording to Elwyn Bugge, intramural
director. *•
