# Counselors Meeting Set
## 
### 
Approximately 400 school coun
selors, teachers, personnel men, and
guidance consultants will attend a
conference on "Counseling as a
Technique of Conserving Human
Resources" Saturday at Stanford.
The meeting, sponsored by the
Northern California Guidance Asso
ciation, will be attended also by
members of the Family Relations
Council of Northern California.
Dr. John D. Black, director of the
Stanford Counseling and Testing
Center, will be general chairman,
and the keynote speaker will be Dr.
Louis S. Levine, head of the psy
chology department at San Fran
cisco State College.
Nearly 70 psychologists, psychia
trists, guidance personnel, and so
cial workers will compose panels of
speakers and discussion leaders.
Career planning and group, mar
riage, and child counseling will be
among the topics. A special panel
will be held on counseling tech
niques in industry.
Approximately 400 school coun
selors, teachers, personnel men, and
guidance consultants will attend a
conference on "Counseling as a
Technique of Conserving Human
Resources" Saturday at Stanford.
The meeting, sponsored by the
Northern California Guidance Asso
ciation, will be attended also by
members of the Family Relations
Council of Northern California.
Dr. John D. Black, director of the
Stanford Counseling and Testing
Center, will be general chairman,
and the keynote speaker will be Dr.
Louis S. Levine, head of the psy
chology department at San Fran
cisco State College.
Nearly 70 psychologists, psychia
trists, guidance personnel, and so
cial workers will compose panels of
speakers and discussion leaders.
Career planning and group, mar
riage, and child counseling will be
among the topics. A special panel
will be held on counseling tech
niques in industry.
Approximately 400 school coun
selors, teachers, personnel men, and
guidance consultants will attend a
conference on "Counseling as a
Technique of Conserving Human
Resources" Saturday at Stanford.
The meeting, sponsored by the
Northern California Guidance Asso
ciation, will be attended also by
members of the Family Relations
Council of Northern California.
Dr. John D. Black, director of the
Stanford Counseling and Testing
Center, will be general chairman,
and the keynote speaker will be Dr.
Louis S. Levine, head of the psy
chology department at San Fran
cisco State College.
Nearly 70 psychologists, psychia
trists, guidance personnel, and so
cial workers will compose panels of
speakers and discussion leaders.
Career planning and group, mar
riage, and child counseling will be
among the topics. A special panel
will be held on counseling tech
niques in industry.
Approximately 400 school coun
selors, teachers, personnel men, and
guidance consultants will attend a
conference on "Counseling as a
Technique of Conserving Human
Resources" Saturday at Stanford.
The meeting, sponsored by the
Northern California Guidance Asso
ciation, will be attended also by
members of the Family Relations
Council of Northern California.
Dr. John D. Black, director of the
Stanford Counseling and Testing
Center, will be general chairman,
and the keynote speaker will be Dr.
Louis S. Levine, head of the psy
chology department at San Fran
cisco State College.
Nearly 70 psychologists, psychia
trists, guidance personnel, and so
cial workers will compose panels of
speakers and discussion leaders.
Career planning and group, mar
riage, and child counseling will be
among the topics. A special panel
will be held on counseling tech
niques in industry.
Approximately 400 school coun
selors, teachers, personnel men, and
guidance consultants will attend a
conference on "Counseling as a
Technique of Conserving Human
Resources" Saturday at Stanford.
The meeting, sponsored by the
Northern California Guidance Asso
ciation, will be attended also by
members of the Family Relations
Council of Northern California.
Dr. John D. Black, director of the
Stanford Counseling and Testing
Center, will be general chairman,
and the keynote speaker will be Dr.
Louis S. Levine, head of the psy
chology department at San Fran
cisco State College.
Nearly 70 psychologists, psychia
trists, guidance personnel, and so
cial workers will compose panels of
speakers and discussion leaders.
Career planning and group, mar
riage, and child counseling will be
among the topics. A special panel
will be held on counseling tech
niques in industry.
Approximately 400 school coun
selors, teachers, personnel men, and
guidance consultants will attend a
conference on "Counseling as a
Technique of Conserving Human
Resources" Saturday at Stanford.
The meeting, sponsored by the
Northern California Guidance Asso
ciation, will be attended also by
members of the Family Relations
Council of Northern California.
Dr. John D. Black, director of the
Stanford Counseling and Testing
Center, will be general chairman,
and the keynote speaker will be Dr.
Louis S. Levine, head of the psy
chology department at San Fran
cisco State College.
Nearly 70 psychologists, psychia
trists, guidance personnel, and so
cial workers will compose panels of
speakers and discussion leaders.
Career planning and group, mar
riage, and child counseling will be
among the topics. A special panel
will be held on counseling tech
niques in industry.
Approximately 400 school coun
selors, teachers, personnel men, and
guidance consultants will attend a
conference on "Counseling as a
Technique of Conserving Human
Resources" Saturday at Stanford.
The meeting, sponsored by the
Northern California Guidance Asso
ciation, will be attended also by
members of the Family Relations
Council of Northern California.
Dr. John D. Black, director of the
Stanford Counseling and Testing
Center, will be general chairman,
and the keynote speaker will be Dr.
Louis S. Levine, head of the psy
chology department at San Fran
cisco State College.
Nearly 70 psychologists, psychia
trists, guidance personnel, and so
cial workers will compose panels of
speakers and discussion leaders.
Career planning and group, mar
riage, and child counseling will be
among the topics. A special panel
will be held on counseling tech
niques in industry.
Approximately 400 school coun
selors, teachers, personnel men, and
guidance consultants will attend a
conference on "Counseling as a
Technique of Conserving Human
Resources" Saturday at Stanford.
The meeting, sponsored by the
Northern California Guidance Asso
ciation, will be attended also by
members of the Family Relations
Council of Northern California.
Dr. John D. Black, director of the
Stanford Counseling and Testing
Center, will be general chairman,
and the keynote speaker will be Dr.
Louis S. Levine, head of the psy
chology department at San Fran
cisco State College.
Nearly 70 psychologists, psychia
trists, guidance personnel, and so
cial workers will compose panels of
speakers and discussion leaders.
Career planning and group, mar
riage, and child counseling will be
among the topics. A special panel
will be held on counseling tech
niques in industry.
Approximately 400 school coun
selors, teachers, personnel men, and
guidance consultants will attend a
conference on "Counseling as a
Technique of Conserving Human
Resources" Saturday at Stanford.
The meeting, sponsored by the
Northern California Guidance Asso
ciation, will be attended also by
members of the Family Relations
Council of Northern California.
Dr. John D. Black, director of the
Stanford Counseling and Testing
Center, will be general chairman,
and the keynote speaker will be Dr.
Louis S. Levine, head of the psy
chology department at San Fran
cisco State College.
Nearly 70 psychologists, psychia
trists, guidance personnel, and so
cial workers will compose panels of
speakers and discussion leaders.
Career planning and group, mar
riage, and child counseling will be
among the topics. A special panel
will be held on counseling tech
niques in industry.
Approximately 400 school coun
selors, teachers, personnel men, and
guidance consultants will attend a
conference on "Counseling as a
Technique of Conserving Human
Resources" Saturday at Stanford.
The meeting, sponsored by the
Northern California Guidance Asso
ciation, will be attended also by
members of the Family Relations
Council of Northern California.
Dr. John D. Black, director of the
Stanford Counseling and Testing
Center, will be general chairman,
and the keynote speaker will be Dr.
Louis S. Levine, head of the psy
chology department at San Fran
cisco State College.
Nearly 70 psychologists, psychia
trists, guidance personnel, and so
cial workers will compose panels of
speakers and discussion leaders.
Career planning and group, mar
riage, and child counseling will be
among the topics. A special panel
will be held on counseling tech
niques in industry.
Approximately 400 school coun
selors, teachers, personnel men, and
guidance consultants will attend a
conference on "Counseling as a
Technique of Conserving Human
Resources" Saturday at Stanford.
The meeting, sponsored by the
Northern California Guidance Asso
ciation, will be attended also by
members of the Family Relations
Council of Northern California.
Dr. John D. Black, director of the
Stanford Counseling and Testing
Center, will be general chairman,
and the keynote speaker will be Dr.
Louis S. Levine, head of the psy
chology department at San Fran
cisco State College.
Nearly 70 psychologists, psychia
trists, guidance personnel, and so
cial workers will compose panels of
speakers and discussion leaders.
Career planning and group, mar
riage, and child counseling will be
among the topics. A special panel
will be held on counseling tech
niques in industry.
Approximately 400 school coun
selors, teachers, personnel men, and
guidance consultants will attend a
conference on "Counseling as a
Technique of Conserving Human
Resources" Saturday at Stanford.
The meeting, sponsored by the
Northern California Guidance Asso
ciation, will be attended also by
members of the Family Relations
Council of Northern California.
Dr. John D. Black, director of the
Stanford Counseling and Testing
Center, will be general chairman,
and the keynote speaker will be Dr.
Louis S. Levine, head of the psy
chology department at San Fran
cisco State College.
Nearly 70 psychologists, psychia
trists, guidance personnel, and so
cial workers will compose panels of
speakers and discussion leaders.
Career planning and group, mar
riage, and child counseling will be
among the topics. A special panel
will be held on counseling tech
niques in industry.
Approximately 400 school coun
selors, teachers, personnel men, and
guidance consultants will attend a
conference on "Counseling as a
Technique of Conserving Human
Resources" Saturday at Stanford.
The meeting, sponsored by the
Northern California Guidance Asso
ciation, will be attended also by
members of the Family Relations
Council of Northern California.
Dr. John D. Black, director of the
Stanford Counseling and Testing
Center, will be general chairman,
and the keynote speaker will be Dr.
Louis S. Levine, head of the psy
chology department at San Fran
cisco State College.
Nearly 70 psychologists, psychia
trists, guidance personnel, and so
cial workers will compose panels of
speakers and discussion leaders.
Career planning and group, mar
riage, and child counseling will be
among the topics. A special panel
will be held on counseling tech
niques in industry.
Approximately 400 school coun
selors, teachers, personnel men, and
guidance consultants will attend a
conference on "Counseling as a
Technique of Conserving Human
Resources" Saturday at Stanford.
The meeting, sponsored by the
Northern California Guidance Asso
ciation, will be attended also by
members of the Family Relations
Council of Northern California.
Dr. John D. Black, director of the
Stanford Counseling and Testing
Center, will be general chairman,
and the keynote speaker will be Dr.
Louis S. Levine, head of the psy
chology department at San Fran
cisco State College.
Nearly 70 psychologists, psychia
trists, guidance personnel, and so
cial workers will compose panels of
speakers and discussion leaders.
Career planning and group, mar
riage, and child counseling will be
among the topics. A special panel
will be held on counseling tech
niques in industry.
Approximately 400 school coun
selors, teachers, personnel men, and
guidance consultants will attend a
conference on "Counseling as a
Technique of Conserving Human
Resources" Saturday at Stanford.
The meeting, sponsored by the
Northern California Guidance Asso
ciation, will be attended also by
members of the Family Relations
Council of Northern California.
Dr. John D. Black, director of the
Stanford Counseling and Testing
Center, will be general chairman,
and the keynote speaker will be Dr.
Louis S. Levine, head of the psy
chology department at San Fran
cisco State College.
Nearly 70 psychologists, psychia
trists, guidance personnel, and so
cial workers will compose panels of
speakers and discussion leaders.
Career planning and group, mar
riage, and child counseling will be
among the topics. A special panel
will be held on counseling tech
niques in industry.
