# Sports The Stanford Daily
## Sequoia 'Roughs' Ready For Play 
### 
The Sequoia Roughs are doing con
siderable practicing these days in
preparation to take on their not too
confident rivals. They should pro
vide considerable competition for
their opponents with such break
away runners as Byron Hovick and
Slosson "Pockay" Jong in the back-
Held, and with such a heavy rugged
line to confound anyone with pos
sible temerity to brave it.
In addition opponents will have to
face 220 pounds of bruising muscles
in the form of Center Herman Du
bowy. tough New Yorker. Paul Rich
ards, center, is also raring to go.
Team captain and manager of this
promising team is "Buck" Enea and
coaches are Richards and Jong. They
promise the boys of Sequoia that
there will be very much of female
personality present at future games,
as Roble and Branner girls are pre
paring to be on hand to yell lor the
'Rough."
The team line up is as follows:
Centers, Paul Richards, and Herman
Dubowy; Ends, Milt Levy, Bill Ket
chum, Stan Hodge, and Bill Stute;
Quarterbacks, Charlie Clark, and Bob
Raven; Halfbacks, "Buck" Enea, By
ron Hovick, Slosson "Pockay" Jong,
and Dave Hogan.
