# TICKETS NOT HERE
## 
### 
Tickets for the Cal-USC game No
vember 17 have not yet come, due to
arrangements which had to be made
between the two schools, Jim Emer
son, ticket sales chairman, said yes
terday.
Tickets for the Cal-USC game No
vember 17 have not yet come, due to
arrangements which had to be made
between the two schools, Jim Emer
son, ticket sales chairman, said yes
terday.
Tickets for the Cal-USC game No
vember 17 have not yet come, due to
arrangements which had to be made
between the two schools, Jim Emer
son, ticket sales chairman, said yes
terday.
Tickets for the Cal-USC game No
vember 17 have not yet come, due to
arrangements which had to be made
between the two schools, Jim Emer
son, ticket sales chairman, said yes
terday.
Tickets for the Cal-USC game No
vember 17 have not yet come, due to
arrangements which had to be made
between the two schools, Jim Emer
son, ticket sales chairman, said yes
terday.
Tickets for the Cal-USC game No
vember 17 have not yet come, due to
arrangements which had to be made
between the two schools, Jim Emer
son, ticket sales chairman, said yes
terday.
Tickets for the Cal-USC game No
vember 17 have not yet come, due to
arrangements which had to be made
between the two schools, Jim Emer
son, ticket sales chairman, said yes
terday.
Tickets for the Cal-USC game No
vember 17 have not yet come, due to
arrangements which had to be made
between the two schools, Jim Emer
son, ticket sales chairman, said yes
terday.
Tickets for the Cal-USC game No
vember 17 have not yet come, due to
arrangements which had to be made
between the two schools, Jim Emer
son, ticket sales chairman, said yes
terday.
Tickets for the Cal-USC game No
vember 17 have not yet come, due to
arrangements which had to be made
between the two schools, Jim Emer
son, ticket sales chairman, said yes
terday.
Tickets for the Cal-USC game No
vember 17 have not yet come, due to
arrangements which had to be made
between the two schools, Jim Emer
son, ticket sales chairman, said yes
terday.
Tickets for the Cal-USC game No
vember 17 have not yet come, due to
arrangements which had to be made
between the two schools, Jim Emer
son, ticket sales chairman, said yes
terday.
Tickets for the Cal-USC game No
vember 17 have not yet come, due to
arrangements which had to be made
between the two schools, Jim Emer
son, ticket sales chairman, said yes
terday.
Tickets for the Cal-USC game No
vember 17 have not yet come, due to
arrangements which had to be made
between the two schools, Jim Emer
son, ticket sales chairman, said yes
terday.
Tickets for the Cal-USC game No
vember 17 have not yet come, due to
arrangements which had to be made
between the two schools, Jim Emer
son, ticket sales chairman, said yes
terday.
Tickets for the Cal-USC game No
vember 17 have not yet come, due to
arrangements which had to be made
between the two schools, Jim Emer
son, ticket sales chairman, said yes
terday.
Tickets for the Cal-USC game No
vember 17 have not yet come, due to
arrangements which had to be made
between the two schools, Jim Emer
son, ticket sales chairman, said yes
terday.
