# Women Pay Room Fees Today, Men Tomorrow
## 
### 
Women will pay their room and
hoard on Monday, January 7. Men
will pay their room and board on
1 tiesday,-January 8, it has been
announced from the Administra
tion Building.
Women will pay their room and
hoard on Monday, January 7. Men
will pay their room and board on
1 tiesday,-January 8, it has been
announced from the Administra
tion Building.
Women will pay their room and
hoard on Monday, January 7. Men
will pay their room and board on
1 tiesday,-January 8, it has been
announced from the Administra
tion Building.
Women will pay their room and
hoard on Monday, January 7. Men
will pay their room and board on
1 tiesday,-January 8, it has been
announced from the Administra
tion Building.
Women will pay their room and
hoard on Monday, January 7. Men
will pay their room and board on
1 tiesday,-January 8, it has been
announced from the Administra
tion Building.
Women will pay their room and
hoard on Monday, January 7. Men
will pay their room and board on
1 tiesday,-January 8, it has been
announced from the Administra
tion Building.
Women will pay their room and
hoard on Monday, January 7. Men
will pay their room and board on
1 tiesday,-January 8, it has been
announced from the Administra
tion Building.
Women will pay their room and
hoard on Monday, January 7. Men
will pay their room and board on
1 tiesday,-January 8, it has been
announced from the Administra
tion Building.
Women will pay their room and
hoard on Monday, January 7. Men
will pay their room and board on
1 tiesday,-January 8, it has been
announced from the Administra
tion Building.
Women will pay their room and
hoard on Monday, January 7. Men
will pay their room and board on
1 tiesday,-January 8, it has been
announced from the Administra
tion Building.
Women will pay their room and
hoard on Monday, January 7. Men
will pay their room and board on
1 tiesday,-January 8, it has been
announced from the Administra
tion Building.
Women will pay their room and
hoard on Monday, January 7. Men
will pay their room and board on
1 tiesday,-January 8, it has been
announced from the Administra
tion Building.
Women will pay their room and
hoard on Monday, January 7. Men
will pay their room and board on
1 tiesday,-January 8, it has been
announced from the Administra
tion Building.
Women will pay their room and
hoard on Monday, January 7. Men
will pay their room and board on
1 tiesday,-January 8, it has been
announced from the Administra
tion Building.
Women will pay their room and
hoard on Monday, January 7. Men
will pay their room and board on
1 tiesday,-January 8, it has been
announced from the Administra
tion Building.
