# DAILY'S AGE
## 
### 
The Stanford Daily is the oldest
campus publication, having been
founded the year the University
| opened.
The Stanford Daily is the oldest
campus publication, having been
founded the year the University
| opened.
The Stanford Daily is the oldest
campus publication, having been
founded the year the University
| opened.
The Stanford Daily is the oldest
campus publication, having been
founded the year the University
| opened.
The Stanford Daily is the oldest
campus publication, having been
founded the year the University
| opened.
The Stanford Daily is the oldest
campus publication, having been
founded the year the University
| opened.
The Stanford Daily is the oldest
campus publication, having been
founded the year the University
| opened.
The Stanford Daily is the oldest
campus publication, having been
founded the year the University
| opened.
The Stanford Daily is the oldest
campus publication, having been
founded the year the University
| opened.
The Stanford Daily is the oldest
campus publication, having been
founded the year the University
| opened.
The Stanford Daily is the oldest
campus publication, having been
founded the year the University
| opened.
The Stanford Daily is the oldest
campus publication, having been
founded the year the University
| opened.
The Stanford Daily is the oldest
campus publication, having been
founded the year the University
| opened.
The Stanford Daily is the oldest
campus publication, having been
founded the year the University
| opened.
The Stanford Daily is the oldest
campus publication, having been
founded the year the University
| opened.
