# Latin American Art Displayed
## 
### 
Art. in Lai in America is the fea
tured exhibit at the Stanford Art
Gallery at present, it was announced
by George Harris, acting director.
The first exhibit of 1946 displays
28 works of art representing Argen
tina, Bolivia, Brazil, Chile, Colom
bia, Cuba, Ecuador, Guatemala,
Mexico and Peru. They illustrate
typical art trends among Latin
American artists, and range from
abstractions through expressionism.
The exhibition, loaned by the San
Francisco Museum of Art, will re
main on view until Jan. 20. Gallery
hours are 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Tuesday
through Saturday and 1 to 5 p.m.
Sunday, with admission free to the
public.
Dr. Grace McCann Morlcy, direc
tor of the San Francisco Museum of
Art, who has specialized in contem
porary Latin American art, will lec
ture Thursday, Jan. 10, at 7:30 p.m.
in Cubbcrley Hull, Stanford Edu
cation building.
