# Junior Class Meeting.
## 
### 
At the meeting of the Class of
1900 in room o4 yesterday after
noon it was decided to have the
class picture for the Annual taken
on the Museum steps next Wed
nesday at 2 p.m. On motion, the
chair appointed the following com
mittee of three to make all neces
sary arrangements: \V. 11. Beach,
A. Haslacher, and K. J. I'erry
(chairman).
The committee of live who will
have charge of the contest for the
Junior Farce will be announced by
President Ilea ley later.
It was decided to hold a class
smoker next Friday evening at
Nortree Hall if that place is found
available. An admission of 25
cents will be charged to defray ex
penses, and each person present
will be presented with a sovenir
pipe.
At the meeting of the Class of
1900 in room o4 yesterday after
noon it was decided to have the
class picture for the Annual taken
on the Museum steps next Wed
nesday at 2 p.m. On motion, the
chair appointed the following com
mittee of three to make all neces
sary arrangements: \V. 11. Beach,
A. Haslacher, and K. J. I'erry
(chairman).
The committee of live who will
have charge of the contest for the
Junior Farce will be announced by
President Ilea ley later.
It was decided to hold a class
smoker next Friday evening at
Nortree Hall if that place is found
available. An admission of 25
cents will be charged to defray ex
penses, and each person present
will be presented with a sovenir
pipe.
At the meeting of the Class of
1900 in room o4 yesterday after
noon it was decided to have the
class picture for the Annual taken
on the Museum steps next Wed
nesday at 2 p.m. On motion, the
chair appointed the following com
mittee of three to make all neces
sary arrangements: \V. 11. Beach,
A. Haslacher, and K. J. I'erry
(chairman).
The committee of live who will
have charge of the contest for the
Junior Farce will be announced by
President Ilea ley later.
It was decided to hold a class
smoker next Friday evening at
Nortree Hall if that place is found
available. An admission of 25
cents will be charged to defray ex
penses, and each person present
will be presented with a sovenir
pipe.
At the meeting of the Class of
1900 in room o4 yesterday after
noon it was decided to have the
class picture for the Annual taken
on the Museum steps next Wed
nesday at 2 p.m. On motion, the
chair appointed the following com
mittee of three to make all neces
sary arrangements: \V. 11. Beach,
A. Haslacher, and K. J. I'erry
(chairman).
The committee of live who will
have charge of the contest for the
Junior Farce will be announced by
President Ilea ley later.
It was decided to hold a class
smoker next Friday evening at
Nortree Hall if that place is found
available. An admission of 25
cents will be charged to defray ex
penses, and each person present
will be presented with a sovenir
pipe.
At the meeting of the Class of
1900 in room o4 yesterday after
noon it was decided to have the
class picture for the Annual taken
on the Museum steps next Wed
nesday at 2 p.m. On motion, the
chair appointed the following com
mittee of three to make all neces
sary arrangements: \V. 11. Beach,
A. Haslacher, and K. J. I'erry
(chairman).
The committee of live who will
have charge of the contest for the
Junior Farce will be announced by
President Ilea ley later.
It was decided to hold a class
smoker next Friday evening at
Nortree Hall if that place is found
available. An admission of 25
cents will be charged to defray ex
penses, and each person present
will be presented with a sovenir
pipe.
At the meeting of the Class of
1900 in room o4 yesterday after
noon it was decided to have the
class picture for the Annual taken
on the Museum steps next Wed
nesday at 2 p.m. On motion, the
chair appointed the following com
mittee of three to make all neces
sary arrangements: \V. 11. Beach,
A. Haslacher, and K. J. I'erry
(chairman).
The committee of live who will
have charge of the contest for the
Junior Farce will be announced by
President Ilea ley later.
It was decided to hold a class
smoker next Friday evening at
Nortree Hall if that place is found
available. An admission of 25
cents will be charged to defray ex
penses, and each person present
will be presented with a sovenir
pipe.
