# Tax Exemption.
## 
### 
Professor Nathan Abbott re
turned to the University from Sac
ramento today, where he has been
pushing matters pertaining to the
exemption of the University from
taxation. He says the Assembly
Committee have agreed to report
favorably on our bill, and that
there will probably be no trouble
when it comes before the two
Houses. The main difficulty lies
with the Senate Judiciary Com
mittee, and there is yet no assur
ance what will be done by them.
They have been so crowded with
work that they have been unable
to give the matter final considera
tion, but Professor Abbott was as
sured over the telephone this after
noon that the committee would take
up the bill next Tuesday.
Professor Nathan Abbott re
turned to the University from Sac
ramento today, where he has been
pushing matters pertaining to the
exemption of the University from
taxation. He says the Assembly
Committee have agreed to report
favorably on our bill, and that
there will probably be no trouble
when it comes before the two
Houses. The main difficulty lies
with the Senate Judiciary Com
mittee, and there is yet no assur
ance what will be done by them.
They have been so crowded with
work that they have been unable
to give the matter final considera
tion, but Professor Abbott was as
sured over the telephone this after
noon that the committee would take
up the bill next Tuesday.
Professor Nathan Abbott re
turned to the University from Sac
ramento today, where he has been
pushing matters pertaining to the
exemption of the University from
taxation. He says the Assembly
Committee have agreed to report
favorably on our bill, and that
there will probably be no trouble
when it comes before the two
Houses. The main difficulty lies
with the Senate Judiciary Com
mittee, and there is yet no assur
ance what will be done by them.
They have been so crowded with
work that they have been unable
to give the matter final considera
tion, but Professor Abbott was as
sured over the telephone this after
noon that the committee would take
up the bill next Tuesday.
Professor Nathan Abbott re
turned to the University from Sac
ramento today, where he has been
pushing matters pertaining to the
exemption of the University from
taxation. He says the Assembly
Committee have agreed to report
favorably on our bill, and that
there will probably be no trouble
when it comes before the two
Houses. The main difficulty lies
with the Senate Judiciary Com
mittee, and there is yet no assur
ance what will be done by them.
They have been so crowded with
work that they have been unable
to give the matter final considera
tion, but Professor Abbott was as
sured over the telephone this after
noon that the committee would take
up the bill next Tuesday.
Professor Nathan Abbott re
turned to the University from Sac
ramento today, where he has been
pushing matters pertaining to the
exemption of the University from
taxation. He says the Assembly
Committee have agreed to report
favorably on our bill, and that
there will probably be no trouble
when it comes before the two
Houses. The main difficulty lies
with the Senate Judiciary Com
mittee, and there is yet no assur
ance what will be done by them.
They have been so crowded with
work that they have been unable
to give the matter final considera
tion, but Professor Abbott was as
sured over the telephone this after
noon that the committee would take
up the bill next Tuesday.
Professor Nathan Abbott re
turned to the University from Sac
ramento today, where he has been
pushing matters pertaining to the
exemption of the University from
taxation. He says the Assembly
Committee have agreed to report
favorably on our bill, and that
there will probably be no trouble
when it comes before the two
Houses. The main difficulty lies
with the Senate Judiciary Com
mittee, and there is yet no assur
ance what will be done by them.
They have been so crowded with
work that they have been unable
to give the matter final considera
tion, but Professor Abbott was as
sured over the telephone this after
noon that the committee would take
up the bill next Tuesday.
