# Adv. 14 Page 5
## 
### 
OATQ Policy
OATQ is a free public ser
vice and, unfortunately,
publication cannot be
guaranteed because of
space limitations. Please
read the instructions
printed at the top of the
OATQ sheets and make
sure the announcements
are submitted by 1 p.m.,
two business days before
publication. Thank you.
OATQ Policy
OATQ is a free public ser
vice and, unfortunately,
publication cannot be
guaranteed because of
space limitations. Please
read the instructions
printed at the top of the
OATQ sheets and make
sure the announcements
are submitted by 1 p.m.,
two business days before
publication. Thank you.
OATQ Policy
OATQ is a free public ser
vice and, unfortunately,
publication cannot be
guaranteed because of
space limitations. Please
read the instructions
printed at the top of the
OATQ sheets and make
sure the announcements
are submitted by 1 p.m.,
two business days before
publication. Thank you.
OATQ Policy
OATQ is a free public ser
vice and, unfortunately,
publication cannot be
guaranteed because of
space limitations. Please
read the instructions
printed at the top of the
OATQ sheets and make
sure the announcements
are submitted by 1 p.m.,
two business days before
publication. Thank you.
OATQ Policy
OATQ is a free public ser
vice and, unfortunately,
publication cannot be
guaranteed because of
space limitations. Please
read the instructions
printed at the top of the
OATQ sheets and make
sure the announcements
are submitted by 1 p.m.,
two business days before
publication. Thank you.
OATQ Policy
OATQ is a free public ser
vice and, unfortunately,
publication cannot be
guaranteed because of
space limitations. Please
read the instructions
printed at the top of the
OATQ sheets and make
sure the announcements
are submitted by 1 p.m.,
two business days before
publication. Thank you.
OATQ Policy
OATQ is a free public ser
vice and, unfortunately,
publication cannot be
guaranteed because of
space limitations. Please
read the instructions
printed at the top of the
OATQ sheets and make
sure the announcements
are submitted by 1 p.m.,
two business days before
publication. Thank you.
OATQ Policy
OATQ is a free public ser
vice and, unfortunately,
publication cannot be
guaranteed because of
space limitations. Please
read the instructions
printed at the top of the
OATQ sheets and make
sure the announcements
are submitted by 1 p.m.,
two business days before
publication. Thank you.
OATQ Policy
OATQ is a free public ser
vice and, unfortunately,
publication cannot be
guaranteed because of
space limitations. Please
read the instructions
printed at the top of the
OATQ sheets and make
sure the announcements
are submitted by 1 p.m.,
two business days before
publication. Thank you.
