# Fraternity Men Meet Dr. Wilbur Tonight
## 
### 
Fraternity .representatives meet
with Dr. Wilbur in his office at 8
o'clock tonight, to confer on fratern
ity regulations on the campus. The
object of the meeting is to get Dr.
Wilbur's viewpoint in regard to fra
ternity problems and also that he
may get the fraternity side of the
question.
Points that will probably be dis
cussed include scholarship and non
payment of bills by fraternities. The
reform of the pledging and initiation
system is the plan the fraternity men
are advancing to raise the standard
of scholarship, by excluding the men
who would not be able to pass the
first term.
It is understood that eventually Dr.
Wilbur wishes to have enough dorm
itories oil the campus so that every
man will spend his first year in a
donatory, and no initiation would be
allowed until the second year. How
ever. Dr. Wilbur has no intention of
enforcing a ruling of this kind until
living facilities are provided on the
campus for all the freshmen.
