# PROSIT!
## 
### 
Wild-eyed reformers advocating
anti-tobacco laws should be shoved
into obscure positions far in the rear
of the parade, tonight and tomorrow
evening, when local legal satellites
find economists chip off a few corners
at the department smoker. Hot dogs,
apples, music, speeches, and smokes,
will all contribute to the general state
of merriment.
• * • * * * * *
Complaining scholars who hereto
fore regarded the faculty in the light
of strange biological specimens hid
ing their identity behind a pair of
horn-rimmed spectacles, will find the
men who daily occupy the pulpit reg
ular fellows, whose acquaintance may
tie valuable. There is nothing like
the human touch to grease the wheels
of understanding and progress.
"(«**** * * *
While you munch your apples and
inhale on the dream-sticks, ideals and
ambitions of the departments will be
sketched, regulations explained, and
advantages clarified. If you ever par
took in an old fashioned barn-raising
you'll know the broad spirit of friend
ship and gaiety that pervades the
smokers. Barristers and economists
should be sure to obtain orchestra
seats in the Union this evening and
tomorrow night.
Wild-eyed reformers advocating
anti-tobacco laws should be shoved
into obscure positions far in the rear
of the parade, tonight and tomorrow
evening, when local legal satellites
find economists chip off a few corners
at the department smoker. Hot dogs,
apples, music, speeches, and smokes,
will all contribute to the general state
of merriment.
• * • * * * * *
Complaining scholars who hereto
fore regarded the faculty in the light
of strange biological specimens hid
ing their identity behind a pair of
horn-rimmed spectacles, will find the
men who daily occupy the pulpit reg
ular fellows, whose acquaintance may
tie valuable. There is nothing like
the human touch to grease the wheels
of understanding and progress.
"(«**** * * *
While you munch your apples and
inhale on the dream-sticks, ideals and
ambitions of the departments will be
sketched, regulations explained, and
advantages clarified. If you ever par
took in an old fashioned barn-raising
you'll know the broad spirit of friend
ship and gaiety that pervades the
smokers. Barristers and economists
should be sure to obtain orchestra
seats in the Union this evening and
tomorrow night.
Wild-eyed reformers advocating
anti-tobacco laws should be shoved
into obscure positions far in the rear
of the parade, tonight and tomorrow
evening, when local legal satellites
find economists chip off a few corners
at the department smoker. Hot dogs,
apples, music, speeches, and smokes,
will all contribute to the general state
of merriment.
• * • * * * * *
Complaining scholars who hereto
fore regarded the faculty in the light
of strange biological specimens hid
ing their identity behind a pair of
horn-rimmed spectacles, will find the
men who daily occupy the pulpit reg
ular fellows, whose acquaintance may
tie valuable. There is nothing like
the human touch to grease the wheels
of understanding and progress.
"(«**** * * *
While you munch your apples and
inhale on the dream-sticks, ideals and
ambitions of the departments will be
sketched, regulations explained, and
advantages clarified. If you ever par
took in an old fashioned barn-raising
you'll know the broad spirit of friend
ship and gaiety that pervades the
smokers. Barristers and economists
should be sure to obtain orchestra
seats in the Union this evening and
tomorrow night.
Wild-eyed reformers advocating
anti-tobacco laws should be shoved
into obscure positions far in the rear
of the parade, tonight and tomorrow
evening, when local legal satellites
find economists chip off a few corners
at the department smoker. Hot dogs,
apples, music, speeches, and smokes,
will all contribute to the general state
of merriment.
• * • * * * * *
Complaining scholars who hereto
fore regarded the faculty in the light
of strange biological specimens hid
ing their identity behind a pair of
horn-rimmed spectacles, will find the
men who daily occupy the pulpit reg
ular fellows, whose acquaintance may
tie valuable. There is nothing like
the human touch to grease the wheels
of understanding and progress.
"(«**** * * *
While you munch your apples and
inhale on the dream-sticks, ideals and
ambitions of the departments will be
sketched, regulations explained, and
advantages clarified. If you ever par
took in an old fashioned barn-raising
you'll know the broad spirit of friend
ship and gaiety that pervades the
smokers. Barristers and economists
should be sure to obtain orchestra
seats in the Union this evening and
tomorrow night.
Wild-eyed reformers advocating
anti-tobacco laws should be shoved
into obscure positions far in the rear
of the parade, tonight and tomorrow
evening, when local legal satellites
find economists chip off a few corners
at the department smoker. Hot dogs,
apples, music, speeches, and smokes,
will all contribute to the general state
of merriment.
• * • * * * * *
Complaining scholars who hereto
fore regarded the faculty in the light
of strange biological specimens hid
ing their identity behind a pair of
horn-rimmed spectacles, will find the
men who daily occupy the pulpit reg
ular fellows, whose acquaintance may
tie valuable. There is nothing like
the human touch to grease the wheels
of understanding and progress.
"(«**** * * *
While you munch your apples and
inhale on the dream-sticks, ideals and
ambitions of the departments will be
sketched, regulations explained, and
advantages clarified. If you ever par
took in an old fashioned barn-raising
you'll know the broad spirit of friend
ship and gaiety that pervades the
smokers. Barristers and economists
should be sure to obtain orchestra
seats in the Union this evening and
tomorrow night.
Wild-eyed reformers advocating
anti-tobacco laws should be shoved
into obscure positions far in the rear
of the parade, tonight and tomorrow
evening, when local legal satellites
find economists chip off a few corners
at the department smoker. Hot dogs,
apples, music, speeches, and smokes,
will all contribute to the general state
of merriment.
• * • * * * * *
Complaining scholars who hereto
fore regarded the faculty in the light
of strange biological specimens hid
ing their identity behind a pair of
horn-rimmed spectacles, will find the
men who daily occupy the pulpit reg
ular fellows, whose acquaintance may
tie valuable. There is nothing like
the human touch to grease the wheels
of understanding and progress.
"(«**** * * *
While you munch your apples and
inhale on the dream-sticks, ideals and
ambitions of the departments will be
sketched, regulations explained, and
advantages clarified. If you ever par
took in an old fashioned barn-raising
you'll know the broad spirit of friend
ship and gaiety that pervades the
smokers. Barristers and economists
should be sure to obtain orchestra
seats in the Union this evening and
tomorrow night.
Wild-eyed reformers advocating
anti-tobacco laws should be shoved
into obscure positions far in the rear
of the parade, tonight and tomorrow
evening, when local legal satellites
find economists chip off a few corners
at the department smoker. Hot dogs,
apples, music, speeches, and smokes,
will all contribute to the general state
of merriment.
• * • * * * * *
Complaining scholars who hereto
fore regarded the faculty in the light
of strange biological specimens hid
ing their identity behind a pair of
horn-rimmed spectacles, will find the
men who daily occupy the pulpit reg
ular fellows, whose acquaintance may
tie valuable. There is nothing like
the human touch to grease the wheels
of understanding and progress.
"(«**** * * *
While you munch your apples and
inhale on the dream-sticks, ideals and
ambitions of the departments will be
sketched, regulations explained, and
advantages clarified. If you ever par
took in an old fashioned barn-raising
you'll know the broad spirit of friend
ship and gaiety that pervades the
smokers. Barristers and economists
should be sure to obtain orchestra
seats in the Union this evening and
tomorrow night.
Wild-eyed reformers advocating
anti-tobacco laws should be shoved
into obscure positions far in the rear
of the parade, tonight and tomorrow
evening, when local legal satellites
find economists chip off a few corners
at the department smoker. Hot dogs,
apples, music, speeches, and smokes,
will all contribute to the general state
of merriment.
• * • * * * * *
Complaining scholars who hereto
fore regarded the faculty in the light
of strange biological specimens hid
ing their identity behind a pair of
horn-rimmed spectacles, will find the
men who daily occupy the pulpit reg
ular fellows, whose acquaintance may
tie valuable. There is nothing like
the human touch to grease the wheels
of understanding and progress.
"(«**** * * *
While you munch your apples and
inhale on the dream-sticks, ideals and
ambitions of the departments will be
sketched, regulations explained, and
advantages clarified. If you ever par
took in an old fashioned barn-raising
you'll know the broad spirit of friend
ship and gaiety that pervades the
smokers. Barristers and economists
should be sure to obtain orchestra
seats in the Union this evening and
tomorrow night.
Wild-eyed reformers advocating
anti-tobacco laws should be shoved
into obscure positions far in the rear
of the parade, tonight and tomorrow
evening, when local legal satellites
find economists chip off a few corners
at the department smoker. Hot dogs,
apples, music, speeches, and smokes,
will all contribute to the general state
of merriment.
• * • * * * * *
Complaining scholars who hereto
fore regarded the faculty in the light
of strange biological specimens hid
ing their identity behind a pair of
horn-rimmed spectacles, will find the
men who daily occupy the pulpit reg
ular fellows, whose acquaintance may
tie valuable. There is nothing like
the human touch to grease the wheels
of understanding and progress.
"(«**** * * *
While you munch your apples and
inhale on the dream-sticks, ideals and
ambitions of the departments will be
sketched, regulations explained, and
advantages clarified. If you ever par
took in an old fashioned barn-raising
you'll know the broad spirit of friend
ship and gaiety that pervades the
smokers. Barristers and economists
should be sure to obtain orchestra
seats in the Union this evening and
tomorrow night.
Wild-eyed reformers advocating
anti-tobacco laws should be shoved
into obscure positions far in the rear
of the parade, tonight and tomorrow
evening, when local legal satellites
find economists chip off a few corners
at the department smoker. Hot dogs,
apples, music, speeches, and smokes,
will all contribute to the general state
of merriment.
• * • * * * * *
Complaining scholars who hereto
fore regarded the faculty in the light
of strange biological specimens hid
ing their identity behind a pair of
horn-rimmed spectacles, will find the
men who daily occupy the pulpit reg
ular fellows, whose acquaintance may
tie valuable. There is nothing like
the human touch to grease the wheels
of understanding and progress.
"(«**** * * *
While you munch your apples and
inhale on the dream-sticks, ideals and
ambitions of the departments will be
sketched, regulations explained, and
advantages clarified. If you ever par
took in an old fashioned barn-raising
you'll know the broad spirit of friend
ship and gaiety that pervades the
smokers. Barristers and economists
should be sure to obtain orchestra
seats in the Union this evening and
tomorrow night.
Wild-eyed reformers advocating
anti-tobacco laws should be shoved
into obscure positions far in the rear
of the parade, tonight and tomorrow
evening, when local legal satellites
find economists chip off a few corners
at the department smoker. Hot dogs,
apples, music, speeches, and smokes,
will all contribute to the general state
of merriment.
• * • * * * * *
Complaining scholars who hereto
fore regarded the faculty in the light
of strange biological specimens hid
ing their identity behind a pair of
horn-rimmed spectacles, will find the
men who daily occupy the pulpit reg
ular fellows, whose acquaintance may
tie valuable. There is nothing like
the human touch to grease the wheels
of understanding and progress.
"(«**** * * *
While you munch your apples and
inhale on the dream-sticks, ideals and
ambitions of the departments will be
sketched, regulations explained, and
advantages clarified. If you ever par
took in an old fashioned barn-raising
you'll know the broad spirit of friend
ship and gaiety that pervades the
smokers. Barristers and economists
should be sure to obtain orchestra
seats in the Union this evening and
tomorrow night.
Wild-eyed reformers advocating
anti-tobacco laws should be shoved
into obscure positions far in the rear
of the parade, tonight and tomorrow
evening, when local legal satellites
find economists chip off a few corners
at the department smoker. Hot dogs,
apples, music, speeches, and smokes,
will all contribute to the general state
of merriment.
• * • * * * * *
Complaining scholars who hereto
fore regarded the faculty in the light
of strange biological specimens hid
ing their identity behind a pair of
horn-rimmed spectacles, will find the
men who daily occupy the pulpit reg
ular fellows, whose acquaintance may
tie valuable. There is nothing like
the human touch to grease the wheels
of understanding and progress.
"(«**** * * *
While you munch your apples and
inhale on the dream-sticks, ideals and
ambitions of the departments will be
sketched, regulations explained, and
advantages clarified. If you ever par
took in an old fashioned barn-raising
you'll know the broad spirit of friend
ship and gaiety that pervades the
smokers. Barristers and economists
should be sure to obtain orchestra
seats in the Union this evening and
tomorrow night.
Wild-eyed reformers advocating
anti-tobacco laws should be shoved
into obscure positions far in the rear
of the parade, tonight and tomorrow
evening, when local legal satellites
find economists chip off a few corners
at the department smoker. Hot dogs,
apples, music, speeches, and smokes,
will all contribute to the general state
of merriment.
• * • * * * * *
Complaining scholars who hereto
fore regarded the faculty in the light
of strange biological specimens hid
ing their identity behind a pair of
horn-rimmed spectacles, will find the
men who daily occupy the pulpit reg
ular fellows, whose acquaintance may
tie valuable. There is nothing like
the human touch to grease the wheels
of understanding and progress.
"(«**** * * *
While you munch your apples and
inhale on the dream-sticks, ideals and
ambitions of the departments will be
sketched, regulations explained, and
advantages clarified. If you ever par
took in an old fashioned barn-raising
you'll know the broad spirit of friend
ship and gaiety that pervades the
smokers. Barristers and economists
should be sure to obtain orchestra
seats in the Union this evening and
tomorrow night.
Wild-eyed reformers advocating
anti-tobacco laws should be shoved
into obscure positions far in the rear
of the parade, tonight and tomorrow
evening, when local legal satellites
find economists chip off a few corners
at the department smoker. Hot dogs,
apples, music, speeches, and smokes,
will all contribute to the general state
of merriment.
• * • * * * * *
Complaining scholars who hereto
fore regarded the faculty in the light
of strange biological specimens hid
ing their identity behind a pair of
horn-rimmed spectacles, will find the
men who daily occupy the pulpit reg
ular fellows, whose acquaintance may
tie valuable. There is nothing like
the human touch to grease the wheels
of understanding and progress.
"(«**** * * *
While you munch your apples and
inhale on the dream-sticks, ideals and
ambitions of the departments will be
sketched, regulations explained, and
advantages clarified. If you ever par
took in an old fashioned barn-raising
you'll know the broad spirit of friend
ship and gaiety that pervades the
smokers. Barristers and economists
should be sure to obtain orchestra
seats in the Union this evening and
tomorrow night.
