# Allies Join as Berlin Totters
## 
### 
' PARIS, April 22 (UP)—A historic
junction between American and
Russian troops below tottering Ber
lin was expected at any moment to
night as allied forces in southern
Germany invaded Adolf Hitler's
death-stand country, captured Stutt
gart, and threatened Munich.
Direct radio contact had been es
tablished between Russian and Am
erican armies and front dispatches
made it plain that formal announce
ment of the meeting, most dramatic
in modern warfare, was imminent.
Continental radio broadcasts re
ported that the junction already had
been made. British front dispatches
reported the capture of an order of
I the day by Hitler in which he called
for guerilla-type warfare behind the
allied lines in conjunction with Ger
man partisan forces. The order pos
sibly foretold the early end of or
ganized German resistance.
' PARIS, April 22 (UP)—A historic
junction between American and
Russian troops below tottering Ber
lin was expected at any moment to
night as allied forces in southern
Germany invaded Adolf Hitler's
death-stand country, captured Stutt
gart, and threatened Munich.
Direct radio contact had been es
tablished between Russian and Am
erican armies and front dispatches
made it plain that formal announce
ment of the meeting, most dramatic
in modern warfare, was imminent.
Continental radio broadcasts re
ported that the junction already had
been made. British front dispatches
reported the capture of an order of
I the day by Hitler in which he called
for guerilla-type warfare behind the
allied lines in conjunction with Ger
man partisan forces. The order pos
sibly foretold the early end of or
ganized German resistance.
' PARIS, April 22 (UP)—A historic
junction between American and
Russian troops below tottering Ber
lin was expected at any moment to
night as allied forces in southern
Germany invaded Adolf Hitler's
death-stand country, captured Stutt
gart, and threatened Munich.
Direct radio contact had been es
tablished between Russian and Am
erican armies and front dispatches
made it plain that formal announce
ment of the meeting, most dramatic
in modern warfare, was imminent.
Continental radio broadcasts re
ported that the junction already had
been made. British front dispatches
reported the capture of an order of
I the day by Hitler in which he called
for guerilla-type warfare behind the
allied lines in conjunction with Ger
man partisan forces. The order pos
sibly foretold the early end of or
ganized German resistance.
' PARIS, April 22 (UP)—A historic
junction between American and
Russian troops below tottering Ber
lin was expected at any moment to
night as allied forces in southern
Germany invaded Adolf Hitler's
death-stand country, captured Stutt
gart, and threatened Munich.
Direct radio contact had been es
tablished between Russian and Am
erican armies and front dispatches
made it plain that formal announce
ment of the meeting, most dramatic
in modern warfare, was imminent.
Continental radio broadcasts re
ported that the junction already had
been made. British front dispatches
reported the capture of an order of
I the day by Hitler in which he called
for guerilla-type warfare behind the
allied lines in conjunction with Ger
man partisan forces. The order pos
sibly foretold the early end of or
ganized German resistance.
' PARIS, April 22 (UP)—A historic
junction between American and
Russian troops below tottering Ber
lin was expected at any moment to
night as allied forces in southern
Germany invaded Adolf Hitler's
death-stand country, captured Stutt
gart, and threatened Munich.
Direct radio contact had been es
tablished between Russian and Am
erican armies and front dispatches
made it plain that formal announce
ment of the meeting, most dramatic
in modern warfare, was imminent.
Continental radio broadcasts re
ported that the junction already had
been made. British front dispatches
reported the capture of an order of
I the day by Hitler in which he called
for guerilla-type warfare behind the
allied lines in conjunction with Ger
man partisan forces. The order pos
sibly foretold the early end of or
ganized German resistance.
' PARIS, April 22 (UP)—A historic
junction between American and
Russian troops below tottering Ber
lin was expected at any moment to
night as allied forces in southern
Germany invaded Adolf Hitler's
death-stand country, captured Stutt
gart, and threatened Munich.
Direct radio contact had been es
tablished between Russian and Am
erican armies and front dispatches
made it plain that formal announce
ment of the meeting, most dramatic
in modern warfare, was imminent.
Continental radio broadcasts re
ported that the junction already had
been made. British front dispatches
reported the capture of an order of
I the day by Hitler in which he called
for guerilla-type warfare behind the
allied lines in conjunction with Ger
man partisan forces. The order pos
sibly foretold the early end of or
ganized German resistance.
' PARIS, April 22 (UP)—A historic
junction between American and
Russian troops below tottering Ber
lin was expected at any moment to
night as allied forces in southern
Germany invaded Adolf Hitler's
death-stand country, captured Stutt
gart, and threatened Munich.
Direct radio contact had been es
tablished between Russian and Am
erican armies and front dispatches
made it plain that formal announce
ment of the meeting, most dramatic
in modern warfare, was imminent.
Continental radio broadcasts re
ported that the junction already had
been made. British front dispatches
reported the capture of an order of
I the day by Hitler in which he called
for guerilla-type warfare behind the
allied lines in conjunction with Ger
man partisan forces. The order pos
sibly foretold the early end of or
ganized German resistance.
' PARIS, April 22 (UP)—A historic
junction between American and
Russian troops below tottering Ber
lin was expected at any moment to
night as allied forces in southern
Germany invaded Adolf Hitler's
death-stand country, captured Stutt
gart, and threatened Munich.
Direct radio contact had been es
tablished between Russian and Am
erican armies and front dispatches
made it plain that formal announce
ment of the meeting, most dramatic
in modern warfare, was imminent.
Continental radio broadcasts re
ported that the junction already had
been made. British front dispatches
reported the capture of an order of
I the day by Hitler in which he called
for guerilla-type warfare behind the
allied lines in conjunction with Ger
man partisan forces. The order pos
sibly foretold the early end of or
ganized German resistance.
' PARIS, April 22 (UP)—A historic
junction between American and
Russian troops below tottering Ber
lin was expected at any moment to
night as allied forces in southern
Germany invaded Adolf Hitler's
death-stand country, captured Stutt
gart, and threatened Munich.
Direct radio contact had been es
tablished between Russian and Am
erican armies and front dispatches
made it plain that formal announce
ment of the meeting, most dramatic
in modern warfare, was imminent.
Continental radio broadcasts re
ported that the junction already had
been made. British front dispatches
reported the capture of an order of
I the day by Hitler in which he called
for guerilla-type warfare behind the
allied lines in conjunction with Ger
man partisan forces. The order pos
sibly foretold the early end of or
ganized German resistance.
' PARIS, April 22 (UP)—A historic
junction between American and
Russian troops below tottering Ber
lin was expected at any moment to
night as allied forces in southern
Germany invaded Adolf Hitler's
death-stand country, captured Stutt
gart, and threatened Munich.
Direct radio contact had been es
tablished between Russian and Am
erican armies and front dispatches
made it plain that formal announce
ment of the meeting, most dramatic
in modern warfare, was imminent.
Continental radio broadcasts re
ported that the junction already had
been made. British front dispatches
reported the capture of an order of
I the day by Hitler in which he called
for guerilla-type warfare behind the
allied lines in conjunction with Ger
man partisan forces. The order pos
sibly foretold the early end of or
ganized German resistance.
' PARIS, April 22 (UP)—A historic
junction between American and
Russian troops below tottering Ber
lin was expected at any moment to
night as allied forces in southern
Germany invaded Adolf Hitler's
death-stand country, captured Stutt
gart, and threatened Munich.
Direct radio contact had been es
tablished between Russian and Am
erican armies and front dispatches
made it plain that formal announce
ment of the meeting, most dramatic
in modern warfare, was imminent.
Continental radio broadcasts re
ported that the junction already had
been made. British front dispatches
reported the capture of an order of
I the day by Hitler in which he called
for guerilla-type warfare behind the
allied lines in conjunction with Ger
man partisan forces. The order pos
sibly foretold the early end of or
ganized German resistance.
' PARIS, April 22 (UP)—A historic
junction between American and
Russian troops below tottering Ber
lin was expected at any moment to
night as allied forces in southern
Germany invaded Adolf Hitler's
death-stand country, captured Stutt
gart, and threatened Munich.
Direct radio contact had been es
tablished between Russian and Am
erican armies and front dispatches
made it plain that formal announce
ment of the meeting, most dramatic
in modern warfare, was imminent.
Continental radio broadcasts re
ported that the junction already had
been made. British front dispatches
reported the capture of an order of
I the day by Hitler in which he called
for guerilla-type warfare behind the
allied lines in conjunction with Ger
man partisan forces. The order pos
sibly foretold the early end of or
ganized German resistance.
' PARIS, April 22 (UP)—A historic
junction between American and
Russian troops below tottering Ber
lin was expected at any moment to
night as allied forces in southern
Germany invaded Adolf Hitler's
death-stand country, captured Stutt
gart, and threatened Munich.
Direct radio contact had been es
tablished between Russian and Am
erican armies and front dispatches
made it plain that formal announce
ment of the meeting, most dramatic
in modern warfare, was imminent.
Continental radio broadcasts re
ported that the junction already had
been made. British front dispatches
reported the capture of an order of
I the day by Hitler in which he called
for guerilla-type warfare behind the
allied lines in conjunction with Ger
man partisan forces. The order pos
sibly foretold the early end of or
ganized German resistance.
' PARIS, April 22 (UP)—A historic
junction between American and
Russian troops below tottering Ber
lin was expected at any moment to
night as allied forces in southern
Germany invaded Adolf Hitler's
death-stand country, captured Stutt
gart, and threatened Munich.
Direct radio contact had been es
tablished between Russian and Am
erican armies and front dispatches
made it plain that formal announce
ment of the meeting, most dramatic
in modern warfare, was imminent.
Continental radio broadcasts re
ported that the junction already had
been made. British front dispatches
reported the capture of an order of
I the day by Hitler in which he called
for guerilla-type warfare behind the
allied lines in conjunction with Ger
man partisan forces. The order pos
sibly foretold the early end of or
ganized German resistance.
' PARIS, April 22 (UP)—A historic
junction between American and
Russian troops below tottering Ber
lin was expected at any moment to
night as allied forces in southern
Germany invaded Adolf Hitler's
death-stand country, captured Stutt
gart, and threatened Munich.
Direct radio contact had been es
tablished between Russian and Am
erican armies and front dispatches
made it plain that formal announce
ment of the meeting, most dramatic
in modern warfare, was imminent.
Continental radio broadcasts re
ported that the junction already had
been made. British front dispatches
reported the capture of an order of
I the day by Hitler in which he called
for guerilla-type warfare behind the
allied lines in conjunction with Ger
man partisan forces. The order pos
sibly foretold the early end of or
ganized German resistance.
