# Daily Editorial Staff Meets at 9 Tonight
## 
### 
The Daily editorial staff will
meet at the shark tonight at !•
o'clock. Everyone is urged to at
tend as their attendance will de
termine whether or not it is pos
sible to discontinue Sunday stalV
meetings for the spring quarter,
according to liernadette Giannini,
editor of the Daily.
The regular meeting will last a
half- hour. Night editirs and
lI.C.E.'s will meet immediately af
terward.
The Daily editorial staff will
meet at the shark tonight at !•
o'clock. Everyone is urged to at
tend as their attendance will de
termine whether or not it is pos
sible to discontinue Sunday stalV
meetings for the spring quarter,
according to liernadette Giannini,
editor of the Daily.
The regular meeting will last a
half- hour. Night editirs and
lI.C.E.'s will meet immediately af
terward.
The Daily editorial staff will
meet at the shark tonight at !•
o'clock. Everyone is urged to at
tend as their attendance will de
termine whether or not it is pos
sible to discontinue Sunday stalV
meetings for the spring quarter,
according to liernadette Giannini,
editor of the Daily.
The regular meeting will last a
half- hour. Night editirs and
lI.C.E.'s will meet immediately af
terward.
The Daily editorial staff will
meet at the shark tonight at !•
o'clock. Everyone is urged to at
tend as their attendance will de
termine whether or not it is pos
sible to discontinue Sunday stalV
meetings for the spring quarter,
according to liernadette Giannini,
editor of the Daily.
The regular meeting will last a
half- hour. Night editirs and
lI.C.E.'s will meet immediately af
terward.
The Daily editorial staff will
meet at the shark tonight at !•
o'clock. Everyone is urged to at
tend as their attendance will de
termine whether or not it is pos
sible to discontinue Sunday stalV
meetings for the spring quarter,
according to liernadette Giannini,
editor of the Daily.
The regular meeting will last a
half- hour. Night editirs and
lI.C.E.'s will meet immediately af
terward.
The Daily editorial staff will
meet at the shark tonight at !•
o'clock. Everyone is urged to at
tend as their attendance will de
termine whether or not it is pos
sible to discontinue Sunday stalV
meetings for the spring quarter,
according to liernadette Giannini,
editor of the Daily.
The regular meeting will last a
half- hour. Night editirs and
lI.C.E.'s will meet immediately af
terward.
The Daily editorial staff will
meet at the shark tonight at !•
o'clock. Everyone is urged to at
tend as their attendance will de
termine whether or not it is pos
sible to discontinue Sunday stalV
meetings for the spring quarter,
according to liernadette Giannini,
editor of the Daily.
The regular meeting will last a
half- hour. Night editirs and
lI.C.E.'s will meet immediately af
terward.
The Daily editorial staff will
meet at the shark tonight at !•
o'clock. Everyone is urged to at
tend as their attendance will de
termine whether or not it is pos
sible to discontinue Sunday stalV
meetings for the spring quarter,
according to liernadette Giannini,
editor of the Daily.
The regular meeting will last a
half- hour. Night editirs and
lI.C.E.'s will meet immediately af
terward.
The Daily editorial staff will
meet at the shark tonight at !•
o'clock. Everyone is urged to at
tend as their attendance will de
termine whether or not it is pos
sible to discontinue Sunday stalV
meetings for the spring quarter,
according to liernadette Giannini,
editor of the Daily.
The regular meeting will last a
half- hour. Night editirs and
lI.C.E.'s will meet immediately af
terward.
The Daily editorial staff will
meet at the shark tonight at !•
o'clock. Everyone is urged to at
tend as their attendance will de
termine whether or not it is pos
sible to discontinue Sunday stalV
meetings for the spring quarter,
according to liernadette Giannini,
editor of the Daily.
The regular meeting will last a
half- hour. Night editirs and
lI.C.E.'s will meet immediately af
terward.
The Daily editorial staff will
meet at the shark tonight at !•
o'clock. Everyone is urged to at
tend as their attendance will de
termine whether or not it is pos
sible to discontinue Sunday stalV
meetings for the spring quarter,
according to liernadette Giannini,
editor of the Daily.
The regular meeting will last a
half- hour. Night editirs and
lI.C.E.'s will meet immediately af
terward.
The Daily editorial staff will
meet at the shark tonight at !•
o'clock. Everyone is urged to at
tend as their attendance will de
termine whether or not it is pos
sible to discontinue Sunday stalV
meetings for the spring quarter,
according to liernadette Giannini,
editor of the Daily.
The regular meeting will last a
half- hour. Night editirs and
lI.C.E.'s will meet immediately af
terward.
The Daily editorial staff will
meet at the shark tonight at !•
o'clock. Everyone is urged to at
tend as their attendance will de
termine whether or not it is pos
sible to discontinue Sunday stalV
meetings for the spring quarter,
according to liernadette Giannini,
editor of the Daily.
The regular meeting will last a
half- hour. Night editirs and
lI.C.E.'s will meet immediately af
terward.
The Daily editorial staff will
meet at the shark tonight at !•
o'clock. Everyone is urged to at
tend as their attendance will de
termine whether or not it is pos
sible to discontinue Sunday stalV
meetings for the spring quarter,
according to liernadette Giannini,
editor of the Daily.
The regular meeting will last a
half- hour. Night editirs and
lI.C.E.'s will meet immediately af
terward.
The Daily editorial staff will
meet at the shark tonight at !•
o'clock. Everyone is urged to at
tend as their attendance will de
termine whether or not it is pos
sible to discontinue Sunday stalV
meetings for the spring quarter,
according to liernadette Giannini,
editor of the Daily.
The regular meeting will last a
half- hour. Night editirs and
lI.C.E.'s will meet immediately af
terward.
