# JAZZ GROUP TO MEET
## 
### 
Stanford's Hot Jazz Society will
hold its regular meeting tonight in
the "Y" room of the Women's Club
house. The program will feature
Chicago jazz.
Stanford's Hot Jazz Society will
hold its regular meeting tonight in
the "Y" room of the Women's Club
house. The program will feature
Chicago jazz.
Stanford's Hot Jazz Society will
hold its regular meeting tonight in
the "Y" room of the Women's Club
house. The program will feature
Chicago jazz.
Stanford's Hot Jazz Society will
hold its regular meeting tonight in
the "Y" room of the Women's Club
house. The program will feature
Chicago jazz.
Stanford's Hot Jazz Society will
hold its regular meeting tonight in
the "Y" room of the Women's Club
house. The program will feature
Chicago jazz.
Stanford's Hot Jazz Society will
hold its regular meeting tonight in
the "Y" room of the Women's Club
house. The program will feature
Chicago jazz.
Stanford's Hot Jazz Society will
hold its regular meeting tonight in
the "Y" room of the Women's Club
house. The program will feature
Chicago jazz.
Stanford's Hot Jazz Society will
hold its regular meeting tonight in
the "Y" room of the Women's Club
house. The program will feature
Chicago jazz.
Stanford's Hot Jazz Society will
hold its regular meeting tonight in
the "Y" room of the Women's Club
house. The program will feature
Chicago jazz.
Stanford's Hot Jazz Society will
hold its regular meeting tonight in
the "Y" room of the Women's Club
house. The program will feature
Chicago jazz.
Stanford's Hot Jazz Society will
hold its regular meeting tonight in
the "Y" room of the Women's Club
house. The program will feature
Chicago jazz.
Stanford's Hot Jazz Society will
hold its regular meeting tonight in
the "Y" room of the Women's Club
house. The program will feature
Chicago jazz.
Stanford's Hot Jazz Society will
hold its regular meeting tonight in
the "Y" room of the Women's Club
house. The program will feature
Chicago jazz.
Stanford's Hot Jazz Society will
hold its regular meeting tonight in
the "Y" room of the Women's Club
house. The program will feature
Chicago jazz.
Stanford's Hot Jazz Society will
hold its regular meeting tonight in
the "Y" room of the Women's Club
house. The program will feature
Chicago jazz.
