# Series to Star Indian Woman
## 
### 
Tc Ata, Chickasaw Indian inter
preter, will display before local au
diences the dramatic lore of her own
people when she appears on the
Tuesday Evening Series at 7:30 p.m.
tomorrow night in Memorial Hall.
In a program made up of native
songs, legends, dance, chant, old
translations and sign talk, this
unique ambassador-without-po rtfo
lio will present a brief digest of the
culture of the American aborigines.
In 1939, Te Ata represented the
American Indian in a special pro
gram of folk lore arranged at Hyde
Park by Mrs. Franklin Roosevelt in
honor of King George and Queen
Elizabeth.
"The Queen was especially inter
ested in knowing what was being
done in this country to preserve the
Indian's culture," Te Ata recalled
recently. "I was glad I could tell
her that throughout the United
States there has been a great re
birth of interest in all phases of
Indian lore."
Tc Ata, Chickasaw Indian inter
preter, will display before local au
diences the dramatic lore of her own
people when she appears on the
Tuesday Evening Series at 7:30 p.m.
tomorrow night in Memorial Hall.
In a program made up of native
songs, legends, dance, chant, old
translations and sign talk, this
unique ambassador-without-po rtfo
lio will present a brief digest of the
culture of the American aborigines.
In 1939, Te Ata represented the
American Indian in a special pro
gram of folk lore arranged at Hyde
Park by Mrs. Franklin Roosevelt in
honor of King George and Queen
Elizabeth.
"The Queen was especially inter
ested in knowing what was being
done in this country to preserve the
Indian's culture," Te Ata recalled
recently. "I was glad I could tell
her that throughout the United
States there has been a great re
birth of interest in all phases of
Indian lore."
Tc Ata, Chickasaw Indian inter
preter, will display before local au
diences the dramatic lore of her own
people when she appears on the
Tuesday Evening Series at 7:30 p.m.
tomorrow night in Memorial Hall.
In a program made up of native
songs, legends, dance, chant, old
translations and sign talk, this
unique ambassador-without-po rtfo
lio will present a brief digest of the
culture of the American aborigines.
In 1939, Te Ata represented the
American Indian in a special pro
gram of folk lore arranged at Hyde
Park by Mrs. Franklin Roosevelt in
honor of King George and Queen
Elizabeth.
"The Queen was especially inter
ested in knowing what was being
done in this country to preserve the
Indian's culture," Te Ata recalled
recently. "I was glad I could tell
her that throughout the United
States there has been a great re
birth of interest in all phases of
Indian lore."
Tc Ata, Chickasaw Indian inter
preter, will display before local au
diences the dramatic lore of her own
people when she appears on the
Tuesday Evening Series at 7:30 p.m.
tomorrow night in Memorial Hall.
In a program made up of native
songs, legends, dance, chant, old
translations and sign talk, this
unique ambassador-without-po rtfo
lio will present a brief digest of the
culture of the American aborigines.
In 1939, Te Ata represented the
American Indian in a special pro
gram of folk lore arranged at Hyde
Park by Mrs. Franklin Roosevelt in
honor of King George and Queen
Elizabeth.
"The Queen was especially inter
ested in knowing what was being
done in this country to preserve the
Indian's culture," Te Ata recalled
recently. "I was glad I could tell
her that throughout the United
States there has been a great re
birth of interest in all phases of
Indian lore."
Tc Ata, Chickasaw Indian inter
preter, will display before local au
diences the dramatic lore of her own
people when she appears on the
Tuesday Evening Series at 7:30 p.m.
tomorrow night in Memorial Hall.
In a program made up of native
songs, legends, dance, chant, old
translations and sign talk, this
unique ambassador-without-po rtfo
lio will present a brief digest of the
culture of the American aborigines.
In 1939, Te Ata represented the
American Indian in a special pro
gram of folk lore arranged at Hyde
Park by Mrs. Franklin Roosevelt in
honor of King George and Queen
Elizabeth.
"The Queen was especially inter
ested in knowing what was being
done in this country to preserve the
Indian's culture," Te Ata recalled
recently. "I was glad I could tell
her that throughout the United
States there has been a great re
birth of interest in all phases of
Indian lore."
Tc Ata, Chickasaw Indian inter
preter, will display before local au
diences the dramatic lore of her own
people when she appears on the
Tuesday Evening Series at 7:30 p.m.
tomorrow night in Memorial Hall.
In a program made up of native
songs, legends, dance, chant, old
translations and sign talk, this
unique ambassador-without-po rtfo
lio will present a brief digest of the
culture of the American aborigines.
In 1939, Te Ata represented the
American Indian in a special pro
gram of folk lore arranged at Hyde
Park by Mrs. Franklin Roosevelt in
honor of King George and Queen
Elizabeth.
"The Queen was especially inter
ested in knowing what was being
done in this country to preserve the
Indian's culture," Te Ata recalled
recently. "I was glad I could tell
her that throughout the United
States there has been a great re
birth of interest in all phases of
Indian lore."
Tc Ata, Chickasaw Indian inter
preter, will display before local au
diences the dramatic lore of her own
people when she appears on the
Tuesday Evening Series at 7:30 p.m.
tomorrow night in Memorial Hall.
In a program made up of native
songs, legends, dance, chant, old
translations and sign talk, this
unique ambassador-without-po rtfo
lio will present a brief digest of the
culture of the American aborigines.
In 1939, Te Ata represented the
American Indian in a special pro
gram of folk lore arranged at Hyde
Park by Mrs. Franklin Roosevelt in
honor of King George and Queen
Elizabeth.
"The Queen was especially inter
ested in knowing what was being
done in this country to preserve the
Indian's culture," Te Ata recalled
recently. "I was glad I could tell
her that throughout the United
States there has been a great re
birth of interest in all phases of
Indian lore."
Tc Ata, Chickasaw Indian inter
preter, will display before local au
diences the dramatic lore of her own
people when she appears on the
Tuesday Evening Series at 7:30 p.m.
tomorrow night in Memorial Hall.
In a program made up of native
songs, legends, dance, chant, old
translations and sign talk, this
unique ambassador-without-po rtfo
lio will present a brief digest of the
culture of the American aborigines.
In 1939, Te Ata represented the
American Indian in a special pro
gram of folk lore arranged at Hyde
Park by Mrs. Franklin Roosevelt in
honor of King George and Queen
Elizabeth.
"The Queen was especially inter
ested in knowing what was being
done in this country to preserve the
Indian's culture," Te Ata recalled
recently. "I was glad I could tell
her that throughout the United
States there has been a great re
birth of interest in all phases of
Indian lore."
Tc Ata, Chickasaw Indian inter
preter, will display before local au
diences the dramatic lore of her own
people when she appears on the
Tuesday Evening Series at 7:30 p.m.
tomorrow night in Memorial Hall.
In a program made up of native
songs, legends, dance, chant, old
translations and sign talk, this
unique ambassador-without-po rtfo
lio will present a brief digest of the
culture of the American aborigines.
In 1939, Te Ata represented the
American Indian in a special pro
gram of folk lore arranged at Hyde
Park by Mrs. Franklin Roosevelt in
honor of King George and Queen
Elizabeth.
"The Queen was especially inter
ested in knowing what was being
done in this country to preserve the
Indian's culture," Te Ata recalled
recently. "I was glad I could tell
her that throughout the United
States there has been a great re
birth of interest in all phases of
Indian lore."
Tc Ata, Chickasaw Indian inter
preter, will display before local au
diences the dramatic lore of her own
people when she appears on the
Tuesday Evening Series at 7:30 p.m.
tomorrow night in Memorial Hall.
In a program made up of native
songs, legends, dance, chant, old
translations and sign talk, this
unique ambassador-without-po rtfo
lio will present a brief digest of the
culture of the American aborigines.
In 1939, Te Ata represented the
American Indian in a special pro
gram of folk lore arranged at Hyde
Park by Mrs. Franklin Roosevelt in
honor of King George and Queen
Elizabeth.
"The Queen was especially inter
ested in knowing what was being
done in this country to preserve the
Indian's culture," Te Ata recalled
recently. "I was glad I could tell
her that throughout the United
States there has been a great re
birth of interest in all phases of
Indian lore."
Tc Ata, Chickasaw Indian inter
preter, will display before local au
diences the dramatic lore of her own
people when she appears on the
Tuesday Evening Series at 7:30 p.m.
tomorrow night in Memorial Hall.
In a program made up of native
songs, legends, dance, chant, old
translations and sign talk, this
unique ambassador-without-po rtfo
lio will present a brief digest of the
culture of the American aborigines.
In 1939, Te Ata represented the
American Indian in a special pro
gram of folk lore arranged at Hyde
Park by Mrs. Franklin Roosevelt in
honor of King George and Queen
Elizabeth.
"The Queen was especially inter
ested in knowing what was being
done in this country to preserve the
Indian's culture," Te Ata recalled
recently. "I was glad I could tell
her that throughout the United
States there has been a great re
birth of interest in all phases of
Indian lore."
Tc Ata, Chickasaw Indian inter
preter, will display before local au
diences the dramatic lore of her own
people when she appears on the
Tuesday Evening Series at 7:30 p.m.
tomorrow night in Memorial Hall.
In a program made up of native
songs, legends, dance, chant, old
translations and sign talk, this
unique ambassador-without-po rtfo
lio will present a brief digest of the
culture of the American aborigines.
In 1939, Te Ata represented the
American Indian in a special pro
gram of folk lore arranged at Hyde
Park by Mrs. Franklin Roosevelt in
honor of King George and Queen
Elizabeth.
"The Queen was especially inter
ested in knowing what was being
done in this country to preserve the
Indian's culture," Te Ata recalled
recently. "I was glad I could tell
her that throughout the United
States there has been a great re
birth of interest in all phases of
Indian lore."
Tc Ata, Chickasaw Indian inter
preter, will display before local au
diences the dramatic lore of her own
people when she appears on the
Tuesday Evening Series at 7:30 p.m.
tomorrow night in Memorial Hall.
In a program made up of native
songs, legends, dance, chant, old
translations and sign talk, this
unique ambassador-without-po rtfo
lio will present a brief digest of the
culture of the American aborigines.
In 1939, Te Ata represented the
American Indian in a special pro
gram of folk lore arranged at Hyde
Park by Mrs. Franklin Roosevelt in
honor of King George and Queen
Elizabeth.
"The Queen was especially inter
ested in knowing what was being
done in this country to preserve the
Indian's culture," Te Ata recalled
recently. "I was glad I could tell
her that throughout the United
States there has been a great re
birth of interest in all phases of
Indian lore."
Tc Ata, Chickasaw Indian inter
preter, will display before local au
diences the dramatic lore of her own
people when she appears on the
Tuesday Evening Series at 7:30 p.m.
tomorrow night in Memorial Hall.
In a program made up of native
songs, legends, dance, chant, old
translations and sign talk, this
unique ambassador-without-po rtfo
lio will present a brief digest of the
culture of the American aborigines.
In 1939, Te Ata represented the
American Indian in a special pro
gram of folk lore arranged at Hyde
Park by Mrs. Franklin Roosevelt in
honor of King George and Queen
Elizabeth.
"The Queen was especially inter
ested in knowing what was being
done in this country to preserve the
Indian's culture," Te Ata recalled
recently. "I was glad I could tell
her that throughout the United
States there has been a great re
birth of interest in all phases of
Indian lore."
Tc Ata, Chickasaw Indian inter
preter, will display before local au
diences the dramatic lore of her own
people when she appears on the
Tuesday Evening Series at 7:30 p.m.
tomorrow night in Memorial Hall.
In a program made up of native
songs, legends, dance, chant, old
translations and sign talk, this
unique ambassador-without-po rtfo
lio will present a brief digest of the
culture of the American aborigines.
In 1939, Te Ata represented the
American Indian in a special pro
gram of folk lore arranged at Hyde
Park by Mrs. Franklin Roosevelt in
honor of King George and Queen
Elizabeth.
"The Queen was especially inter
ested in knowing what was being
done in this country to preserve the
Indian's culture," Te Ata recalled
recently. "I was glad I could tell
her that throughout the United
States there has been a great re
birth of interest in all phases of
Indian lore."
Tc Ata, Chickasaw Indian inter
preter, will display before local au
diences the dramatic lore of her own
people when she appears on the
Tuesday Evening Series at 7:30 p.m.
tomorrow night in Memorial Hall.
In a program made up of native
songs, legends, dance, chant, old
translations and sign talk, this
unique ambassador-without-po rtfo
lio will present a brief digest of the
culture of the American aborigines.
In 1939, Te Ata represented the
American Indian in a special pro
gram of folk lore arranged at Hyde
Park by Mrs. Franklin Roosevelt in
honor of King George and Queen
Elizabeth.
"The Queen was especially inter
ested in knowing what was being
done in this country to preserve the
Indian's culture," Te Ata recalled
recently. "I was glad I could tell
her that throughout the United
States there has been a great re
birth of interest in all phases of
Indian lore."
Tc Ata, Chickasaw Indian inter
preter, will display before local au
diences the dramatic lore of her own
people when she appears on the
Tuesday Evening Series at 7:30 p.m.
tomorrow night in Memorial Hall.
In a program made up of native
songs, legends, dance, chant, old
translations and sign talk, this
unique ambassador-without-po rtfo
lio will present a brief digest of the
culture of the American aborigines.
In 1939, Te Ata represented the
American Indian in a special pro
gram of folk lore arranged at Hyde
Park by Mrs. Franklin Roosevelt in
honor of King George and Queen
Elizabeth.
"The Queen was especially inter
ested in knowing what was being
done in this country to preserve the
Indian's culture," Te Ata recalled
recently. "I was glad I could tell
her that throughout the United
States there has been a great re
birth of interest in all phases of
Indian lore."
Tc Ata, Chickasaw Indian inter
preter, will display before local au
diences the dramatic lore of her own
people when she appears on the
Tuesday Evening Series at 7:30 p.m.
tomorrow night in Memorial Hall.
In a program made up of native
songs, legends, dance, chant, old
translations and sign talk, this
unique ambassador-without-po rtfo
lio will present a brief digest of the
culture of the American aborigines.
In 1939, Te Ata represented the
American Indian in a special pro
gram of folk lore arranged at Hyde
Park by Mrs. Franklin Roosevelt in
honor of King George and Queen
Elizabeth.
"The Queen was especially inter
ested in knowing what was being
done in this country to preserve the
Indian's culture," Te Ata recalled
recently. "I was glad I could tell
her that throughout the United
States there has been a great re
birth of interest in all phases of
Indian lore."
