# Housing Space
## 
### 
The housing office yesterday
announced that applications for
housing in Escondido Village
and Stanford Village must be
turned in by 5 this afternoon.
The housing is intended for
married students and interested
persons should apply to Dan
Williams in the Dean of Stu
dents' office.
The housing office yesterday
announced that applications for
housing in Escondido Village
and Stanford Village must be
turned in by 5 this afternoon.
The housing is intended for
married students and interested
persons should apply to Dan
Williams in the Dean of Stu
dents' office.
The housing office yesterday
announced that applications for
housing in Escondido Village
and Stanford Village must be
turned in by 5 this afternoon.
The housing is intended for
married students and interested
persons should apply to Dan
Williams in the Dean of Stu
dents' office.
The housing office yesterday
announced that applications for
housing in Escondido Village
and Stanford Village must be
turned in by 5 this afternoon.
The housing is intended for
married students and interested
persons should apply to Dan
Williams in the Dean of Stu
dents' office.
The housing office yesterday
announced that applications for
housing in Escondido Village
and Stanford Village must be
turned in by 5 this afternoon.
The housing is intended for
married students and interested
persons should apply to Dan
Williams in the Dean of Stu
dents' office.
The housing office yesterday
announced that applications for
housing in Escondido Village
and Stanford Village must be
turned in by 5 this afternoon.
The housing is intended for
married students and interested
persons should apply to Dan
Williams in the Dean of Stu
dents' office.
The housing office yesterday
announced that applications for
housing in Escondido Village
and Stanford Village must be
turned in by 5 this afternoon.
The housing is intended for
married students and interested
persons should apply to Dan
Williams in the Dean of Stu
dents' office.
The housing office yesterday
announced that applications for
housing in Escondido Village
and Stanford Village must be
turned in by 5 this afternoon.
The housing is intended for
married students and interested
persons should apply to Dan
Williams in the Dean of Stu
dents' office.
The housing office yesterday
announced that applications for
housing in Escondido Village
and Stanford Village must be
turned in by 5 this afternoon.
The housing is intended for
married students and interested
persons should apply to Dan
Williams in the Dean of Stu
dents' office.
The housing office yesterday
announced that applications for
housing in Escondido Village
and Stanford Village must be
turned in by 5 this afternoon.
The housing is intended for
married students and interested
persons should apply to Dan
Williams in the Dean of Stu
dents' office.
The housing office yesterday
announced that applications for
housing in Escondido Village
and Stanford Village must be
turned in by 5 this afternoon.
The housing is intended for
married students and interested
persons should apply to Dan
Williams in the Dean of Stu
dents' office.
The housing office yesterday
announced that applications for
housing in Escondido Village
and Stanford Village must be
turned in by 5 this afternoon.
The housing is intended for
married students and interested
persons should apply to Dan
Williams in the Dean of Stu
dents' office.
The housing office yesterday
announced that applications for
housing in Escondido Village
and Stanford Village must be
turned in by 5 this afternoon.
The housing is intended for
married students and interested
persons should apply to Dan
Williams in the Dean of Stu
dents' office.
The housing office yesterday
announced that applications for
housing in Escondido Village
and Stanford Village must be
turned in by 5 this afternoon.
The housing is intended for
married students and interested
persons should apply to Dan
Williams in the Dean of Stu
dents' office.
The housing office yesterday
announced that applications for
housing in Escondido Village
and Stanford Village must be
turned in by 5 this afternoon.
The housing is intended for
married students and interested
persons should apply to Dan
Williams in the Dean of Stu
dents' office.
