# New Legislature Members Named
## 
### 
New appointments to the ASSU
Summer Legislature have been
announced by John Phelps, ASSU
President.
Administrative Assistant to
Phelps will be Austen V. Lauw-
Zecha, an Indonesian sophomore
from Menlo College, beginning his
studies at Stanford; Jeff Com
mons, will be the representative
from Spring legislature; and Do
lores Smith and Sharon Johnston
will speak for the undergraduate
women.
The other voting and ex officio
members of the legislature were
chosen during the spring quarter.
New appointments to the ASSU
Summer Legislature have been
announced by John Phelps, ASSU
President.
Administrative Assistant to
Phelps will be Austen V. Lauw-
Zecha, an Indonesian sophomore
from Menlo College, beginning his
studies at Stanford; Jeff Com
mons, will be the representative
from Spring legislature; and Do
lores Smith and Sharon Johnston
will speak for the undergraduate
women.
The other voting and ex officio
members of the legislature were
chosen during the spring quarter.
New appointments to the ASSU
Summer Legislature have been
announced by John Phelps, ASSU
President.
Administrative Assistant to
Phelps will be Austen V. Lauw-
Zecha, an Indonesian sophomore
from Menlo College, beginning his
studies at Stanford; Jeff Com
mons, will be the representative
from Spring legislature; and Do
lores Smith and Sharon Johnston
will speak for the undergraduate
women.
The other voting and ex officio
members of the legislature were
chosen during the spring quarter.
New appointments to the ASSU
Summer Legislature have been
announced by John Phelps, ASSU
President.
Administrative Assistant to
Phelps will be Austen V. Lauw-
Zecha, an Indonesian sophomore
from Menlo College, beginning his
studies at Stanford; Jeff Com
mons, will be the representative
from Spring legislature; and Do
lores Smith and Sharon Johnston
will speak for the undergraduate
women.
The other voting and ex officio
members of the legislature were
chosen during the spring quarter.
New appointments to the ASSU
Summer Legislature have been
announced by John Phelps, ASSU
President.
Administrative Assistant to
Phelps will be Austen V. Lauw-
Zecha, an Indonesian sophomore
from Menlo College, beginning his
studies at Stanford; Jeff Com
mons, will be the representative
from Spring legislature; and Do
lores Smith and Sharon Johnston
will speak for the undergraduate
women.
The other voting and ex officio
members of the legislature were
chosen during the spring quarter.
New appointments to the ASSU
Summer Legislature have been
announced by John Phelps, ASSU
President.
Administrative Assistant to
Phelps will be Austen V. Lauw-
Zecha, an Indonesian sophomore
from Menlo College, beginning his
studies at Stanford; Jeff Com
mons, will be the representative
from Spring legislature; and Do
lores Smith and Sharon Johnston
will speak for the undergraduate
women.
The other voting and ex officio
members of the legislature were
chosen during the spring quarter.
New appointments to the ASSU
Summer Legislature have been
announced by John Phelps, ASSU
President.
Administrative Assistant to
Phelps will be Austen V. Lauw-
Zecha, an Indonesian sophomore
from Menlo College, beginning his
studies at Stanford; Jeff Com
mons, will be the representative
from Spring legislature; and Do
lores Smith and Sharon Johnston
will speak for the undergraduate
women.
The other voting and ex officio
members of the legislature were
chosen during the spring quarter.
New appointments to the ASSU
Summer Legislature have been
announced by John Phelps, ASSU
President.
Administrative Assistant to
Phelps will be Austen V. Lauw-
Zecha, an Indonesian sophomore
from Menlo College, beginning his
studies at Stanford; Jeff Com
mons, will be the representative
from Spring legislature; and Do
lores Smith and Sharon Johnston
will speak for the undergraduate
women.
The other voting and ex officio
members of the legislature were
chosen during the spring quarter.
New appointments to the ASSU
Summer Legislature have been
announced by John Phelps, ASSU
President.
Administrative Assistant to
Phelps will be Austen V. Lauw-
Zecha, an Indonesian sophomore
from Menlo College, beginning his
studies at Stanford; Jeff Com
mons, will be the representative
from Spring legislature; and Do
lores Smith and Sharon Johnston
will speak for the undergraduate
women.
The other voting and ex officio
members of the legislature were
chosen during the spring quarter.
New appointments to the ASSU
Summer Legislature have been
announced by John Phelps, ASSU
President.
Administrative Assistant to
Phelps will be Austen V. Lauw-
Zecha, an Indonesian sophomore
from Menlo College, beginning his
studies at Stanford; Jeff Com
mons, will be the representative
from Spring legislature; and Do
lores Smith and Sharon Johnston
will speak for the undergraduate
women.
The other voting and ex officio
members of the legislature were
chosen during the spring quarter.
New appointments to the ASSU
Summer Legislature have been
announced by John Phelps, ASSU
President.
Administrative Assistant to
Phelps will be Austen V. Lauw-
Zecha, an Indonesian sophomore
from Menlo College, beginning his
studies at Stanford; Jeff Com
mons, will be the representative
from Spring legislature; and Do
lores Smith and Sharon Johnston
will speak for the undergraduate
women.
The other voting and ex officio
members of the legislature were
chosen during the spring quarter.
New appointments to the ASSU
Summer Legislature have been
announced by John Phelps, ASSU
President.
Administrative Assistant to
Phelps will be Austen V. Lauw-
Zecha, an Indonesian sophomore
from Menlo College, beginning his
studies at Stanford; Jeff Com
mons, will be the representative
from Spring legislature; and Do
lores Smith and Sharon Johnston
will speak for the undergraduate
women.
The other voting and ex officio
members of the legislature were
chosen during the spring quarter.
New appointments to the ASSU
Summer Legislature have been
announced by John Phelps, ASSU
President.
Administrative Assistant to
Phelps will be Austen V. Lauw-
Zecha, an Indonesian sophomore
from Menlo College, beginning his
studies at Stanford; Jeff Com
mons, will be the representative
from Spring legislature; and Do
lores Smith and Sharon Johnston
will speak for the undergraduate
women.
The other voting and ex officio
members of the legislature were
chosen during the spring quarter.
New appointments to the ASSU
Summer Legislature have been
announced by John Phelps, ASSU
President.
Administrative Assistant to
Phelps will be Austen V. Lauw-
Zecha, an Indonesian sophomore
from Menlo College, beginning his
studies at Stanford; Jeff Com
mons, will be the representative
from Spring legislature; and Do
lores Smith and Sharon Johnston
will speak for the undergraduate
women.
The other voting and ex officio
members of the legislature were
chosen during the spring quarter.
New appointments to the ASSU
Summer Legislature have been
announced by John Phelps, ASSU
President.
Administrative Assistant to
Phelps will be Austen V. Lauw-
Zecha, an Indonesian sophomore
from Menlo College, beginning his
studies at Stanford; Jeff Com
mons, will be the representative
from Spring legislature; and Do
lores Smith and Sharon Johnston
will speak for the undergraduate
women.
The other voting and ex officio
members of the legislature were
chosen during the spring quarter.
New appointments to the ASSU
Summer Legislature have been
announced by John Phelps, ASSU
President.
Administrative Assistant to
Phelps will be Austen V. Lauw-
Zecha, an Indonesian sophomore
from Menlo College, beginning his
studies at Stanford; Jeff Com
mons, will be the representative
from Spring legislature; and Do
lores Smith and Sharon Johnston
will speak for the undergraduate
women.
The other voting and ex officio
members of the legislature were
chosen during the spring quarter.
New appointments to the ASSU
Summer Legislature have been
announced by John Phelps, ASSU
President.
Administrative Assistant to
Phelps will be Austen V. Lauw-
Zecha, an Indonesian sophomore
from Menlo College, beginning his
studies at Stanford; Jeff Com
mons, will be the representative
from Spring legislature; and Do
lores Smith and Sharon Johnston
will speak for the undergraduate
women.
The other voting and ex officio
members of the legislature were
chosen during the spring quarter.
