# Officers Greet Bowman Guests
## 
### 

ASSU officers Ray York, financial manager; Claire Nenioede, vice
president; and John I'helps, president, greet faculty and students
during the June 25 all-campus reception at Bowman Alumni House.

ASSU officers Ray York, financial manager; Claire Nenioede, vice
president; and John I'helps, president, greet faculty and students
during the June 25 all-campus reception at Bowman Alumni House.

ASSU officers Ray York, financial manager; Claire Nenioede, vice
president; and John I'helps, president, greet faculty and students
during the June 25 all-campus reception at Bowman Alumni House.

ASSU officers Ray York, financial manager; Claire Nenioede, vice
president; and John I'helps, president, greet faculty and students
during the June 25 all-campus reception at Bowman Alumni House.

ASSU officers Ray York, financial manager; Claire Nenioede, vice
president; and John I'helps, president, greet faculty and students
during the June 25 all-campus reception at Bowman Alumni House.

ASSU officers Ray York, financial manager; Claire Nenioede, vice
president; and John I'helps, president, greet faculty and students
during the June 25 all-campus reception at Bowman Alumni House.

ASSU officers Ray York, financial manager; Claire Nenioede, vice
president; and John I'helps, president, greet faculty and students
during the June 25 all-campus reception at Bowman Alumni House.

ASSU officers Ray York, financial manager; Claire Nenioede, vice
president; and John I'helps, president, greet faculty and students
during the June 25 all-campus reception at Bowman Alumni House.

ASSU officers Ray York, financial manager; Claire Nenioede, vice
president; and John I'helps, president, greet faculty and students
during the June 25 all-campus reception at Bowman Alumni House.

ASSU officers Ray York, financial manager; Claire Nenioede, vice
president; and John I'helps, president, greet faculty and students
during the June 25 all-campus reception at Bowman Alumni House.

ASSU officers Ray York, financial manager; Claire Nenioede, vice
president; and John I'helps, president, greet faculty and students
during the June 25 all-campus reception at Bowman Alumni House.

ASSU officers Ray York, financial manager; Claire Nenioede, vice
president; and John I'helps, president, greet faculty and students
during the June 25 all-campus reception at Bowman Alumni House.

ASSU officers Ray York, financial manager; Claire Nenioede, vice
president; and John I'helps, president, greet faculty and students
during the June 25 all-campus reception at Bowman Alumni House.

ASSU officers Ray York, financial manager; Claire Nenioede, vice
president; and John I'helps, president, greet faculty and students
during the June 25 all-campus reception at Bowman Alumni House.

ASSU officers Ray York, financial manager; Claire Nenioede, vice
president; and John I'helps, president, greet faculty and students
during the June 25 all-campus reception at Bowman Alumni House.

ASSU officers Ray York, financial manager; Claire Nenioede, vice
president; and John I'helps, president, greet faculty and students
during the June 25 all-campus reception at Bowman Alumni House.

ASSU officers Ray York, financial manager; Claire Nenioede, vice
president; and John I'helps, president, greet faculty and students
during the June 25 all-campus reception at Bowman Alumni House.
