# 'MARDI GRAS' CAST TO REHEARSE AT 9 O'CLOCK TOMORROW
## 
### 
A rehearsal for the 1930 Junior
Opera, "Mardi Gras," will be held
tomorrow morning at 9 o'clock in
the Assembly Hall, according to
Ted Daniels, musical director.
There will be a full rehearsal for
the first act and both women's
choruses are to be present. The
following men are also asked to
attend: Tom Post, Bickford
O'Rrion, ICdward Girzl, John Fer
guson, Merritt Conway, Louis
Moore, John Howe, (Charles Wees
ner, John Tiestand, Austin Shean,
Rembert Thigpen, John Huneke,
George McKee, Everett Baker,
Ronald Kennedy, Joseph Ross,
| Harry Gettlns, Jean Haskell, Ar
thur Movius, Kirby Schlegel, Will
Forker, George Smith, Robert
Forbes, Kendall Van Deventer.
A rehearsal for the 1930 Junior
Opera, "Mardi Gras," will be held
tomorrow morning at 9 o'clock in
the Assembly Hall, according to
Ted Daniels, musical director.
There will be a full rehearsal for
the first act and both women's
choruses are to be present. The
following men are also asked to
attend: Tom Post, Bickford
O'Rrion, ICdward Girzl, John Fer
guson, Merritt Conway, Louis
Moore, John Howe, (Charles Wees
ner, John Tiestand, Austin Shean,
Rembert Thigpen, John Huneke,
George McKee, Everett Baker,
Ronald Kennedy, Joseph Ross,
| Harry Gettlns, Jean Haskell, Ar
thur Movius, Kirby Schlegel, Will
Forker, George Smith, Robert
Forbes, Kendall Van Deventer.
A rehearsal for the 1930 Junior
Opera, "Mardi Gras," will be held
tomorrow morning at 9 o'clock in
the Assembly Hall, according to
Ted Daniels, musical director.
There will be a full rehearsal for
the first act and both women's
choruses are to be present. The
following men are also asked to
attend: Tom Post, Bickford
O'Rrion, ICdward Girzl, John Fer
guson, Merritt Conway, Louis
Moore, John Howe, (Charles Wees
ner, John Tiestand, Austin Shean,
Rembert Thigpen, John Huneke,
George McKee, Everett Baker,
Ronald Kennedy, Joseph Ross,
| Harry Gettlns, Jean Haskell, Ar
thur Movius, Kirby Schlegel, Will
Forker, George Smith, Robert
Forbes, Kendall Van Deventer.
A rehearsal for the 1930 Junior
Opera, "Mardi Gras," will be held
tomorrow morning at 9 o'clock in
the Assembly Hall, according to
Ted Daniels, musical director.
There will be a full rehearsal for
the first act and both women's
choruses are to be present. The
following men are also asked to
attend: Tom Post, Bickford
O'Rrion, ICdward Girzl, John Fer
guson, Merritt Conway, Louis
Moore, John Howe, (Charles Wees
ner, John Tiestand, Austin Shean,
Rembert Thigpen, John Huneke,
George McKee, Everett Baker,
Ronald Kennedy, Joseph Ross,
| Harry Gettlns, Jean Haskell, Ar
thur Movius, Kirby Schlegel, Will
Forker, George Smith, Robert
Forbes, Kendall Van Deventer.
A rehearsal for the 1930 Junior
Opera, "Mardi Gras," will be held
tomorrow morning at 9 o'clock in
the Assembly Hall, according to
Ted Daniels, musical director.
There will be a full rehearsal for
the first act and both women's
choruses are to be present. The
following men are also asked to
attend: Tom Post, Bickford
O'Rrion, ICdward Girzl, John Fer
guson, Merritt Conway, Louis
Moore, John Howe, (Charles Wees
ner, John Tiestand, Austin Shean,
Rembert Thigpen, John Huneke,
George McKee, Everett Baker,
Ronald Kennedy, Joseph Ross,
| Harry Gettlns, Jean Haskell, Ar
thur Movius, Kirby Schlegel, Will
Forker, George Smith, Robert
Forbes, Kendall Van Deventer.
A rehearsal for the 1930 Junior
Opera, "Mardi Gras," will be held
tomorrow morning at 9 o'clock in
the Assembly Hall, according to
Ted Daniels, musical director.
There will be a full rehearsal for
the first act and both women's
choruses are to be present. The
following men are also asked to
attend: Tom Post, Bickford
O'Rrion, ICdward Girzl, John Fer
guson, Merritt Conway, Louis
Moore, John Howe, (Charles Wees
ner, John Tiestand, Austin Shean,
Rembert Thigpen, John Huneke,
George McKee, Everett Baker,
Ronald Kennedy, Joseph Ross,
| Harry Gettlns, Jean Haskell, Ar
thur Movius, Kirby Schlegel, Will
Forker, George Smith, Robert
Forbes, Kendall Van Deventer.
A rehearsal for the 1930 Junior
Opera, "Mardi Gras," will be held
tomorrow morning at 9 o'clock in
the Assembly Hall, according to
Ted Daniels, musical director.
There will be a full rehearsal for
the first act and both women's
choruses are to be present. The
following men are also asked to
attend: Tom Post, Bickford
O'Rrion, ICdward Girzl, John Fer
guson, Merritt Conway, Louis
Moore, John Howe, (Charles Wees
ner, John Tiestand, Austin Shean,
Rembert Thigpen, John Huneke,
George McKee, Everett Baker,
Ronald Kennedy, Joseph Ross,
| Harry Gettlns, Jean Haskell, Ar
thur Movius, Kirby Schlegel, Will
Forker, George Smith, Robert
Forbes, Kendall Van Deventer.
A rehearsal for the 1930 Junior
Opera, "Mardi Gras," will be held
tomorrow morning at 9 o'clock in
the Assembly Hall, according to
Ted Daniels, musical director.
There will be a full rehearsal for
the first act and both women's
choruses are to be present. The
following men are also asked to
attend: Tom Post, Bickford
O'Rrion, ICdward Girzl, John Fer
guson, Merritt Conway, Louis
Moore, John Howe, (Charles Wees
ner, John Tiestand, Austin Shean,
Rembert Thigpen, John Huneke,
George McKee, Everett Baker,
Ronald Kennedy, Joseph Ross,
| Harry Gettlns, Jean Haskell, Ar
thur Movius, Kirby Schlegel, Will
Forker, George Smith, Robert
Forbes, Kendall Van Deventer.
A rehearsal for the 1930 Junior
Opera, "Mardi Gras," will be held
tomorrow morning at 9 o'clock in
the Assembly Hall, according to
Ted Daniels, musical director.
There will be a full rehearsal for
the first act and both women's
choruses are to be present. The
following men are also asked to
attend: Tom Post, Bickford
O'Rrion, ICdward Girzl, John Fer
guson, Merritt Conway, Louis
Moore, John Howe, (Charles Wees
ner, John Tiestand, Austin Shean,
Rembert Thigpen, John Huneke,
George McKee, Everett Baker,
Ronald Kennedy, Joseph Ross,
| Harry Gettlns, Jean Haskell, Ar
thur Movius, Kirby Schlegel, Will
Forker, George Smith, Robert
Forbes, Kendall Van Deventer.
A rehearsal for the 1930 Junior
Opera, "Mardi Gras," will be held
tomorrow morning at 9 o'clock in
the Assembly Hall, according to
Ted Daniels, musical director.
There will be a full rehearsal for
the first act and both women's
choruses are to be present. The
following men are also asked to
attend: Tom Post, Bickford
O'Rrion, ICdward Girzl, John Fer
guson, Merritt Conway, Louis
Moore, John Howe, (Charles Wees
ner, John Tiestand, Austin Shean,
Rembert Thigpen, John Huneke,
George McKee, Everett Baker,
Ronald Kennedy, Joseph Ross,
| Harry Gettlns, Jean Haskell, Ar
thur Movius, Kirby Schlegel, Will
Forker, George Smith, Robert
Forbes, Kendall Van Deventer.
A rehearsal for the 1930 Junior
Opera, "Mardi Gras," will be held
tomorrow morning at 9 o'clock in
the Assembly Hall, according to
Ted Daniels, musical director.
There will be a full rehearsal for
the first act and both women's
choruses are to be present. The
following men are also asked to
attend: Tom Post, Bickford
O'Rrion, ICdward Girzl, John Fer
guson, Merritt Conway, Louis
Moore, John Howe, (Charles Wees
ner, John Tiestand, Austin Shean,
Rembert Thigpen, John Huneke,
George McKee, Everett Baker,
Ronald Kennedy, Joseph Ross,
| Harry Gettlns, Jean Haskell, Ar
thur Movius, Kirby Schlegel, Will
Forker, George Smith, Robert
Forbes, Kendall Van Deventer.
A rehearsal for the 1930 Junior
Opera, "Mardi Gras," will be held
tomorrow morning at 9 o'clock in
the Assembly Hall, according to
Ted Daniels, musical director.
There will be a full rehearsal for
the first act and both women's
choruses are to be present. The
following men are also asked to
attend: Tom Post, Bickford
O'Rrion, ICdward Girzl, John Fer
guson, Merritt Conway, Louis
Moore, John Howe, (Charles Wees
ner, John Tiestand, Austin Shean,
Rembert Thigpen, John Huneke,
George McKee, Everett Baker,
Ronald Kennedy, Joseph Ross,
| Harry Gettlns, Jean Haskell, Ar
thur Movius, Kirby Schlegel, Will
Forker, George Smith, Robert
Forbes, Kendall Van Deventer.
A rehearsal for the 1930 Junior
Opera, "Mardi Gras," will be held
tomorrow morning at 9 o'clock in
the Assembly Hall, according to
Ted Daniels, musical director.
There will be a full rehearsal for
the first act and both women's
choruses are to be present. The
following men are also asked to
attend: Tom Post, Bickford
O'Rrion, ICdward Girzl, John Fer
guson, Merritt Conway, Louis
Moore, John Howe, (Charles Wees
ner, John Tiestand, Austin Shean,
Rembert Thigpen, John Huneke,
George McKee, Everett Baker,
Ronald Kennedy, Joseph Ross,
| Harry Gettlns, Jean Haskell, Ar
thur Movius, Kirby Schlegel, Will
Forker, George Smith, Robert
Forbes, Kendall Van Deventer.
A rehearsal for the 1930 Junior
Opera, "Mardi Gras," will be held
tomorrow morning at 9 o'clock in
the Assembly Hall, according to
Ted Daniels, musical director.
There will be a full rehearsal for
the first act and both women's
choruses are to be present. The
following men are also asked to
attend: Tom Post, Bickford
O'Rrion, ICdward Girzl, John Fer
guson, Merritt Conway, Louis
Moore, John Howe, (Charles Wees
ner, John Tiestand, Austin Shean,
Rembert Thigpen, John Huneke,
George McKee, Everett Baker,
Ronald Kennedy, Joseph Ross,
| Harry Gettlns, Jean Haskell, Ar
thur Movius, Kirby Schlegel, Will
Forker, George Smith, Robert
Forbes, Kendall Van Deventer.
A rehearsal for the 1930 Junior
Opera, "Mardi Gras," will be held
tomorrow morning at 9 o'clock in
the Assembly Hall, according to
Ted Daniels, musical director.
There will be a full rehearsal for
the first act and both women's
choruses are to be present. The
following men are also asked to
attend: Tom Post, Bickford
O'Rrion, ICdward Girzl, John Fer
guson, Merritt Conway, Louis
Moore, John Howe, (Charles Wees
ner, John Tiestand, Austin Shean,
Rembert Thigpen, John Huneke,
George McKee, Everett Baker,
Ronald Kennedy, Joseph Ross,
| Harry Gettlns, Jean Haskell, Ar
thur Movius, Kirby Schlegel, Will
Forker, George Smith, Robert
Forbes, Kendall Van Deventer.
