# IL DUCE'S DAUGHTER WEDS ITALIAN COUNT
## 
### 
ROMP], April 24. (/p> Benito
Mussolini, Dictator of Italy sin<'-
1921!, today like a private citizen
say his 10-year-old daughter, lidda,
become the bride of Count Galeasszo
Ciano in a ceremony that, despites
all its attendant magnificence, was
really but a wedding in a private
family.
ROMP], April 24. (/p> Benito
Mussolini, Dictator of Italy sin<'-
1921!, today like a private citizen
say his 10-year-old daughter, lidda,
become the bride of Count Galeasszo
Ciano in a ceremony that, despites
all its attendant magnificence, was
really but a wedding in a private
family.
ROMP], April 24. (/p> Benito
Mussolini, Dictator of Italy sin<'-
1921!, today like a private citizen
say his 10-year-old daughter, lidda,
become the bride of Count Galeasszo
Ciano in a ceremony that, despites
all its attendant magnificence, was
really but a wedding in a private
family.
ROMP], April 24. (/p> Benito
Mussolini, Dictator of Italy sin<'-
1921!, today like a private citizen
say his 10-year-old daughter, lidda,
become the bride of Count Galeasszo
Ciano in a ceremony that, despites
all its attendant magnificence, was
really but a wedding in a private
family.
ROMP], April 24. (/p> Benito
Mussolini, Dictator of Italy sin<'-
1921!, today like a private citizen
say his 10-year-old daughter, lidda,
become the bride of Count Galeasszo
Ciano in a ceremony that, despites
all its attendant magnificence, was
really but a wedding in a private
family.
ROMP], April 24. (/p> Benito
Mussolini, Dictator of Italy sin<'-
1921!, today like a private citizen
say his 10-year-old daughter, lidda,
become the bride of Count Galeasszo
Ciano in a ceremony that, despites
all its attendant magnificence, was
really but a wedding in a private
family.
ROMP], April 24. (/p> Benito
Mussolini, Dictator of Italy sin<'-
1921!, today like a private citizen
say his 10-year-old daughter, lidda,
become the bride of Count Galeasszo
Ciano in a ceremony that, despites
all its attendant magnificence, was
really but a wedding in a private
family.
ROMP], April 24. (/p> Benito
Mussolini, Dictator of Italy sin<'-
1921!, today like a private citizen
say his 10-year-old daughter, lidda,
become the bride of Count Galeasszo
Ciano in a ceremony that, despites
all its attendant magnificence, was
really but a wedding in a private
family.
ROMP], April 24. (/p> Benito
Mussolini, Dictator of Italy sin<'-
1921!, today like a private citizen
say his 10-year-old daughter, lidda,
become the bride of Count Galeasszo
Ciano in a ceremony that, despites
all its attendant magnificence, was
really but a wedding in a private
family.
ROMP], April 24. (/p> Benito
Mussolini, Dictator of Italy sin<'-
1921!, today like a private citizen
say his 10-year-old daughter, lidda,
become the bride of Count Galeasszo
Ciano in a ceremony that, despites
all its attendant magnificence, was
really but a wedding in a private
family.
ROMP], April 24. (/p> Benito
Mussolini, Dictator of Italy sin<'-
1921!, today like a private citizen
say his 10-year-old daughter, lidda,
become the bride of Count Galeasszo
Ciano in a ceremony that, despites
all its attendant magnificence, was
really but a wedding in a private
family.
ROMP], April 24. (/p> Benito
Mussolini, Dictator of Italy sin<'-
1921!, today like a private citizen
say his 10-year-old daughter, lidda,
become the bride of Count Galeasszo
Ciano in a ceremony that, despites
all its attendant magnificence, was
really but a wedding in a private
family.
ROMP], April 24. (/p> Benito
Mussolini, Dictator of Italy sin<'-
1921!, today like a private citizen
say his 10-year-old daughter, lidda,
become the bride of Count Galeasszo
Ciano in a ceremony that, despites
all its attendant magnificence, was
really but a wedding in a private
family.
ROMP], April 24. (/p> Benito
Mussolini, Dictator of Italy sin<'-
1921!, today like a private citizen
say his 10-year-old daughter, lidda,
become the bride of Count Galeasszo
Ciano in a ceremony that, despites
all its attendant magnificence, was
really but a wedding in a private
family.
ROMP], April 24. (/p> Benito
Mussolini, Dictator of Italy sin<'-
1921!, today like a private citizen
say his 10-year-old daughter, lidda,
become the bride of Count Galeasszo
Ciano in a ceremony that, despites
all its attendant magnificence, was
really but a wedding in a private
family.
