# NO PARKING SIGNS TO BE PLACED IN HALL FOOTPATHS
## 
### 
"No parking in Driveway"
signs were being installed yes
terday afternoon in the loot
paths in front of Toyon and
Branner by the California
State Automobile Association.
According to Roy H. But
ton, Superintendent of Build
ings and Grounds, the prohibi
tion will be rigidly enforced
on all car owners who persist
in leaving their cars in the
graveled walks. "These were
installed for pedestrians only
and were made heavy enough
only for their use. We have
provided four parking areas,
two in front and two behind
the dormitories, and believe
that they are l'ullv ample for
the traffic," he said.
