# MACHINES PILOT GIANT PLANES
## 
### 

Lieut. Martin Huggins (left) and Elmer A. Sperry, jr., inventor,
showing two gyroscopes, automatic pilots, that guide army bombers
with accuracy of best trained human pilots.

Lieut. Martin Huggins (left) and Elmer A. Sperry, jr., inventor,
showing two gyroscopes, automatic pilots, that guide army bombers
with accuracy of best trained human pilots.

Lieut. Martin Huggins (left) and Elmer A. Sperry, jr., inventor,
showing two gyroscopes, automatic pilots, that guide army bombers
with accuracy of best trained human pilots.

Lieut. Martin Huggins (left) and Elmer A. Sperry, jr., inventor,
showing two gyroscopes, automatic pilots, that guide army bombers
with accuracy of best trained human pilots.

Lieut. Martin Huggins (left) and Elmer A. Sperry, jr., inventor,
showing two gyroscopes, automatic pilots, that guide army bombers
with accuracy of best trained human pilots.

Lieut. Martin Huggins (left) and Elmer A. Sperry, jr., inventor,
showing two gyroscopes, automatic pilots, that guide army bombers
with accuracy of best trained human pilots.

Lieut. Martin Huggins (left) and Elmer A. Sperry, jr., inventor,
showing two gyroscopes, automatic pilots, that guide army bombers
with accuracy of best trained human pilots.

Lieut. Martin Huggins (left) and Elmer A. Sperry, jr., inventor,
showing two gyroscopes, automatic pilots, that guide army bombers
with accuracy of best trained human pilots.

Lieut. Martin Huggins (left) and Elmer A. Sperry, jr., inventor,
showing two gyroscopes, automatic pilots, that guide army bombers
with accuracy of best trained human pilots.

Lieut. Martin Huggins (left) and Elmer A. Sperry, jr., inventor,
showing two gyroscopes, automatic pilots, that guide army bombers
with accuracy of best trained human pilots.

Lieut. Martin Huggins (left) and Elmer A. Sperry, jr., inventor,
showing two gyroscopes, automatic pilots, that guide army bombers
with accuracy of best trained human pilots.

Lieut. Martin Huggins (left) and Elmer A. Sperry, jr., inventor,
showing two gyroscopes, automatic pilots, that guide army bombers
with accuracy of best trained human pilots.

Lieut. Martin Huggins (left) and Elmer A. Sperry, jr., inventor,
showing two gyroscopes, automatic pilots, that guide army bombers
with accuracy of best trained human pilots.

Lieut. Martin Huggins (left) and Elmer A. Sperry, jr., inventor,
showing two gyroscopes, automatic pilots, that guide army bombers
with accuracy of best trained human pilots.

Lieut. Martin Huggins (left) and Elmer A. Sperry, jr., inventor,
showing two gyroscopes, automatic pilots, that guide army bombers
with accuracy of best trained human pilots.
