# Frosh Golf Squad Best Since '34 Wonder Team
## 
### 
According to Golf Coach Eddie
Twiggs, the class of '36 has the
strongest freshman team since the
wonder team of '34 in which Seaver,
Little, Brown, and Trautman occu
pied the leading positions. This
year's team as it now stands is com
posed of Don Edwards, George Ku
klinski, Bob Thompson, Ralph Nich
ols, Ed Littlefield, Jim Welsh, Bob
McLashin, and Bud Sophian.

Don Edwards has secured the
number one rung on the ladder by
defeating George Kuklinski who was
the low qualifier. Edwards has re
sisted two assaults on his crown and
remains firmly seated on the throne.
According to Golf Coach Eddie
Twiggs, the class of '36 has the
strongest freshman team since the
wonder team of '34 in which Seaver,
Little, Brown, and Trautman occu
pied the leading positions. This
year's team as it now stands is com
posed of Don Edwards, George Ku
klinski, Bob Thompson, Ralph Nich
ols, Ed Littlefield, Jim Welsh, Bob
McLashin, and Bud Sophian.

Don Edwards has secured the
number one rung on the ladder by
defeating George Kuklinski who was
the low qualifier. Edwards has re
sisted two assaults on his crown and
remains firmly seated on the throne.
According to Golf Coach Eddie
Twiggs, the class of '36 has the
strongest freshman team since the
wonder team of '34 in which Seaver,
Little, Brown, and Trautman occu
pied the leading positions. This
year's team as it now stands is com
posed of Don Edwards, George Ku
klinski, Bob Thompson, Ralph Nich
ols, Ed Littlefield, Jim Welsh, Bob
McLashin, and Bud Sophian.

Don Edwards has secured the
number one rung on the ladder by
defeating George Kuklinski who was
the low qualifier. Edwards has re
sisted two assaults on his crown and
remains firmly seated on the throne.
According to Golf Coach Eddie
Twiggs, the class of '36 has the
strongest freshman team since the
wonder team of '34 in which Seaver,
Little, Brown, and Trautman occu
pied the leading positions. This
year's team as it now stands is com
posed of Don Edwards, George Ku
klinski, Bob Thompson, Ralph Nich
ols, Ed Littlefield, Jim Welsh, Bob
McLashin, and Bud Sophian.

Don Edwards has secured the
number one rung on the ladder by
defeating George Kuklinski who was
the low qualifier. Edwards has re
sisted two assaults on his crown and
remains firmly seated on the throne.
According to Golf Coach Eddie
Twiggs, the class of '36 has the
strongest freshman team since the
wonder team of '34 in which Seaver,
Little, Brown, and Trautman occu
pied the leading positions. This
year's team as it now stands is com
posed of Don Edwards, George Ku
klinski, Bob Thompson, Ralph Nich
ols, Ed Littlefield, Jim Welsh, Bob
McLashin, and Bud Sophian.

Don Edwards has secured the
number one rung on the ladder by
defeating George Kuklinski who was
the low qualifier. Edwards has re
sisted two assaults on his crown and
remains firmly seated on the throne.
According to Golf Coach Eddie
Twiggs, the class of '36 has the
strongest freshman team since the
wonder team of '34 in which Seaver,
Little, Brown, and Trautman occu
pied the leading positions. This
year's team as it now stands is com
posed of Don Edwards, George Ku
klinski, Bob Thompson, Ralph Nich
ols, Ed Littlefield, Jim Welsh, Bob
McLashin, and Bud Sophian.

Don Edwards has secured the
number one rung on the ladder by
defeating George Kuklinski who was
the low qualifier. Edwards has re
sisted two assaults on his crown and
remains firmly seated on the throne.
According to Golf Coach Eddie
Twiggs, the class of '36 has the
strongest freshman team since the
wonder team of '34 in which Seaver,
Little, Brown, and Trautman occu
pied the leading positions. This
year's team as it now stands is com
posed of Don Edwards, George Ku
klinski, Bob Thompson, Ralph Nich
ols, Ed Littlefield, Jim Welsh, Bob
McLashin, and Bud Sophian.

Don Edwards has secured the
number one rung on the ladder by
defeating George Kuklinski who was
the low qualifier. Edwards has re
sisted two assaults on his crown and
remains firmly seated on the throne.
According to Golf Coach Eddie
Twiggs, the class of '36 has the
strongest freshman team since the
wonder team of '34 in which Seaver,
Little, Brown, and Trautman occu
pied the leading positions. This
year's team as it now stands is com
posed of Don Edwards, George Ku
klinski, Bob Thompson, Ralph Nich
ols, Ed Littlefield, Jim Welsh, Bob
McLashin, and Bud Sophian.

Don Edwards has secured the
number one rung on the ladder by
defeating George Kuklinski who was
the low qualifier. Edwards has re
sisted two assaults on his crown and
remains firmly seated on the throne.
According to Golf Coach Eddie
Twiggs, the class of '36 has the
strongest freshman team since the
wonder team of '34 in which Seaver,
Little, Brown, and Trautman occu
pied the leading positions. This
year's team as it now stands is com
posed of Don Edwards, George Ku
klinski, Bob Thompson, Ralph Nich
ols, Ed Littlefield, Jim Welsh, Bob
McLashin, and Bud Sophian.

Don Edwards has secured the
number one rung on the ladder by
defeating George Kuklinski who was
the low qualifier. Edwards has re
sisted two assaults on his crown and
remains firmly seated on the throne.
According to Golf Coach Eddie
Twiggs, the class of '36 has the
strongest freshman team since the
wonder team of '34 in which Seaver,
Little, Brown, and Trautman occu
pied the leading positions. This
year's team as it now stands is com
posed of Don Edwards, George Ku
klinski, Bob Thompson, Ralph Nich
ols, Ed Littlefield, Jim Welsh, Bob
McLashin, and Bud Sophian.

Don Edwards has secured the
number one rung on the ladder by
defeating George Kuklinski who was
the low qualifier. Edwards has re
sisted two assaults on his crown and
remains firmly seated on the throne.
According to Golf Coach Eddie
Twiggs, the class of '36 has the
strongest freshman team since the
wonder team of '34 in which Seaver,
Little, Brown, and Trautman occu
pied the leading positions. This
year's team as it now stands is com
posed of Don Edwards, George Ku
klinski, Bob Thompson, Ralph Nich
ols, Ed Littlefield, Jim Welsh, Bob
McLashin, and Bud Sophian.

Don Edwards has secured the
number one rung on the ladder by
defeating George Kuklinski who was
the low qualifier. Edwards has re
sisted two assaults on his crown and
remains firmly seated on the throne.
According to Golf Coach Eddie
Twiggs, the class of '36 has the
strongest freshman team since the
wonder team of '34 in which Seaver,
Little, Brown, and Trautman occu
pied the leading positions. This
year's team as it now stands is com
posed of Don Edwards, George Ku
klinski, Bob Thompson, Ralph Nich
ols, Ed Littlefield, Jim Welsh, Bob
McLashin, and Bud Sophian.

Don Edwards has secured the
number one rung on the ladder by
defeating George Kuklinski who was
the low qualifier. Edwards has re
sisted two assaults on his crown and
remains firmly seated on the throne.
According to Golf Coach Eddie
Twiggs, the class of '36 has the
strongest freshman team since the
wonder team of '34 in which Seaver,
Little, Brown, and Trautman occu
pied the leading positions. This
year's team as it now stands is com
posed of Don Edwards, George Ku
klinski, Bob Thompson, Ralph Nich
ols, Ed Littlefield, Jim Welsh, Bob
McLashin, and Bud Sophian.

Don Edwards has secured the
number one rung on the ladder by
defeating George Kuklinski who was
the low qualifier. Edwards has re
sisted two assaults on his crown and
remains firmly seated on the throne.
According to Golf Coach Eddie
Twiggs, the class of '36 has the
strongest freshman team since the
wonder team of '34 in which Seaver,
Little, Brown, and Trautman occu
pied the leading positions. This
year's team as it now stands is com
posed of Don Edwards, George Ku
klinski, Bob Thompson, Ralph Nich
ols, Ed Littlefield, Jim Welsh, Bob
McLashin, and Bud Sophian.

Don Edwards has secured the
number one rung on the ladder by
defeating George Kuklinski who was
the low qualifier. Edwards has re
sisted two assaults on his crown and
remains firmly seated on the throne.
According to Golf Coach Eddie
Twiggs, the class of '36 has the
strongest freshman team since the
wonder team of '34 in which Seaver,
Little, Brown, and Trautman occu
pied the leading positions. This
year's team as it now stands is com
posed of Don Edwards, George Ku
klinski, Bob Thompson, Ralph Nich
ols, Ed Littlefield, Jim Welsh, Bob
McLashin, and Bud Sophian.

Don Edwards has secured the
number one rung on the ladder by
defeating George Kuklinski who was
the low qualifier. Edwards has re
sisted two assaults on his crown and
remains firmly seated on the throne.
According to Golf Coach Eddie
Twiggs, the class of '36 has the
strongest freshman team since the
wonder team of '34 in which Seaver,
Little, Brown, and Trautman occu
pied the leading positions. This
year's team as it now stands is com
posed of Don Edwards, George Ku
klinski, Bob Thompson, Ralph Nich
ols, Ed Littlefield, Jim Welsh, Bob
McLashin, and Bud Sophian.

Don Edwards has secured the
number one rung on the ladder by
defeating George Kuklinski who was
the low qualifier. Edwards has re
sisted two assaults on his crown and
remains firmly seated on the throne.
