# DAUGHTER BORN TO HELVENSTONS
## Lynn, 7Â½ Pounds, Arrives On Eve Of Gaieties 
### Collier Connell 
Missing a dress rehearsal of the
Gaieties by a space of minutes, Miss
Lynn Helvenston, blue-eyed, fair
haired, weight seven and a half
pounds, moved in with her father,
Director of Dramatics Harold Hel
venston, shortly after midnight Fri
day.

A startling pai-allel to the very
recent Liebendorfer case, Lynn Hel
venston's entree into campus life
smacks slightly of a frame-up. Don
E. Liebendorfer, Jr., also seven and
a half pounds, timed his first ap
pearance with the kick-off for the
Southern California game which
Liebendorfer Sr. was supposed to
have broadcast.
With this principle established,
Helvenston's Gaieties were due for
an upset; and it is no small wonder
that" the President's house escaped
on election night.
Young Miss Helvenston enjoys
the distinction of being her parents'
first baby. Her mother was Ruth
Lansburgh, '29, Phi Bete, Cap and
Gown, and sportswoman, well
known on the peninsula for her pri
vate stables of thoroughbred horses.
As Miss Lansburgh she was cor
respondent for the New Yoi'k
magazine, "Rider and Driver," and
for "Saddle and Bridle," published
in St. Louis.
Helvenston came to Stanford an
Eastern product in 1928. One year as
stage designer boosted him to di
rector of dramatics, at which pur
suit young thin-ankled Lynn prom
ises to furnish him new starring
material.
Missing a dress rehearsal of the
Gaieties by a space of minutes, Miss
Lynn Helvenston, blue-eyed, fair
haired, weight seven and a half
pounds, moved in with her father,
Director of Dramatics Harold Hel
venston, shortly after midnight Fri
day.

A startling pai-allel to the very
recent Liebendorfer case, Lynn Hel
venston's entree into campus life
smacks slightly of a frame-up. Don
E. Liebendorfer, Jr., also seven and
a half pounds, timed his first ap
pearance with the kick-off for the
Southern California game which
Liebendorfer Sr. was supposed to
have broadcast.
With this principle established,
Helvenston's Gaieties were due for
an upset; and it is no small wonder
that" the President's house escaped
on election night.
Young Miss Helvenston enjoys
the distinction of being her parents'
first baby. Her mother was Ruth
Lansburgh, '29, Phi Bete, Cap and
Gown, and sportswoman, well
known on the peninsula for her pri
vate stables of thoroughbred horses.
As Miss Lansburgh she was cor
respondent for the New Yoi'k
magazine, "Rider and Driver," and
for "Saddle and Bridle," published
in St. Louis.
Helvenston came to Stanford an
Eastern product in 1928. One year as
stage designer boosted him to di
rector of dramatics, at which pur
suit young thin-ankled Lynn prom
ises to furnish him new starring
material.
Missing a dress rehearsal of the
Gaieties by a space of minutes, Miss
Lynn Helvenston, blue-eyed, fair
haired, weight seven and a half
pounds, moved in with her father,
Director of Dramatics Harold Hel
venston, shortly after midnight Fri
day.

A startling pai-allel to the very
recent Liebendorfer case, Lynn Hel
venston's entree into campus life
smacks slightly of a frame-up. Don
E. Liebendorfer, Jr., also seven and
a half pounds, timed his first ap
pearance with the kick-off for the
Southern California game which
Liebendorfer Sr. was supposed to
have broadcast.
With this principle established,
Helvenston's Gaieties were due for
an upset; and it is no small wonder
that" the President's house escaped
on election night.
Young Miss Helvenston enjoys
the distinction of being her parents'
first baby. Her mother was Ruth
Lansburgh, '29, Phi Bete, Cap and
Gown, and sportswoman, well
known on the peninsula for her pri
vate stables of thoroughbred horses.
As Miss Lansburgh she was cor
respondent for the New Yoi'k
magazine, "Rider and Driver," and
for "Saddle and Bridle," published
in St. Louis.
Helvenston came to Stanford an
Eastern product in 1928. One year as
stage designer boosted him to di
rector of dramatics, at which pur
suit young thin-ankled Lynn prom
ises to furnish him new starring
material.
Missing a dress rehearsal of the
Gaieties by a space of minutes, Miss
Lynn Helvenston, blue-eyed, fair
haired, weight seven and a half
pounds, moved in with her father,
Director of Dramatics Harold Hel
venston, shortly after midnight Fri
day.

A startling pai-allel to the very
recent Liebendorfer case, Lynn Hel
venston's entree into campus life
smacks slightly of a frame-up. Don
E. Liebendorfer, Jr., also seven and
a half pounds, timed his first ap
pearance with the kick-off for the
Southern California game which
Liebendorfer Sr. was supposed to
have broadcast.
With this principle established,
Helvenston's Gaieties were due for
an upset; and it is no small wonder
that" the President's house escaped
on election night.
Young Miss Helvenston enjoys
the distinction of being her parents'
first baby. Her mother was Ruth
Lansburgh, '29, Phi Bete, Cap and
Gown, and sportswoman, well
known on the peninsula for her pri
vate stables of thoroughbred horses.
As Miss Lansburgh she was cor
respondent for the New Yoi'k
magazine, "Rider and Driver," and
for "Saddle and Bridle," published
in St. Louis.
Helvenston came to Stanford an
Eastern product in 1928. One year as
stage designer boosted him to di
rector of dramatics, at which pur
suit young thin-ankled Lynn prom
ises to furnish him new starring
material.
Missing a dress rehearsal of the
Gaieties by a space of minutes, Miss
Lynn Helvenston, blue-eyed, fair
haired, weight seven and a half
pounds, moved in with her father,
Director of Dramatics Harold Hel
venston, shortly after midnight Fri
day.

A startling pai-allel to the very
recent Liebendorfer case, Lynn Hel
venston's entree into campus life
smacks slightly of a frame-up. Don
E. Liebendorfer, Jr., also seven and
a half pounds, timed his first ap
pearance with the kick-off for the
Southern California game which
Liebendorfer Sr. was supposed to
have broadcast.
With this principle established,
Helvenston's Gaieties were due for
an upset; and it is no small wonder
that" the President's house escaped
on election night.
Young Miss Helvenston enjoys
the distinction of being her parents'
first baby. Her mother was Ruth
Lansburgh, '29, Phi Bete, Cap and
Gown, and sportswoman, well
known on the peninsula for her pri
vate stables of thoroughbred horses.
As Miss Lansburgh she was cor
respondent for the New Yoi'k
magazine, "Rider and Driver," and
for "Saddle and Bridle," published
in St. Louis.
Helvenston came to Stanford an
Eastern product in 1928. One year as
stage designer boosted him to di
rector of dramatics, at which pur
suit young thin-ankled Lynn prom
ises to furnish him new starring
material.
Missing a dress rehearsal of the
Gaieties by a space of minutes, Miss
Lynn Helvenston, blue-eyed, fair
haired, weight seven and a half
pounds, moved in with her father,
Director of Dramatics Harold Hel
venston, shortly after midnight Fri
day.

A startling pai-allel to the very
recent Liebendorfer case, Lynn Hel
venston's entree into campus life
smacks slightly of a frame-up. Don
E. Liebendorfer, Jr., also seven and
a half pounds, timed his first ap
pearance with the kick-off for the
Southern California game which
Liebendorfer Sr. was supposed to
have broadcast.
With this principle established,
Helvenston's Gaieties were due for
an upset; and it is no small wonder
that" the President's house escaped
on election night.
Young Miss Helvenston enjoys
the distinction of being her parents'
first baby. Her mother was Ruth
Lansburgh, '29, Phi Bete, Cap and
Gown, and sportswoman, well
known on the peninsula for her pri
vate stables of thoroughbred horses.
As Miss Lansburgh she was cor
respondent for the New Yoi'k
magazine, "Rider and Driver," and
for "Saddle and Bridle," published
in St. Louis.
Helvenston came to Stanford an
Eastern product in 1928. One year as
stage designer boosted him to di
rector of dramatics, at which pur
suit young thin-ankled Lynn prom
ises to furnish him new starring
material.
Missing a dress rehearsal of the
Gaieties by a space of minutes, Miss
Lynn Helvenston, blue-eyed, fair
haired, weight seven and a half
pounds, moved in with her father,
Director of Dramatics Harold Hel
venston, shortly after midnight Fri
day.

A startling pai-allel to the very
recent Liebendorfer case, Lynn Hel
venston's entree into campus life
smacks slightly of a frame-up. Don
E. Liebendorfer, Jr., also seven and
a half pounds, timed his first ap
pearance with the kick-off for the
Southern California game which
Liebendorfer Sr. was supposed to
have broadcast.
With this principle established,
Helvenston's Gaieties were due for
an upset; and it is no small wonder
that" the President's house escaped
on election night.
Young Miss Helvenston enjoys
the distinction of being her parents'
first baby. Her mother was Ruth
Lansburgh, '29, Phi Bete, Cap and
Gown, and sportswoman, well
known on the peninsula for her pri
vate stables of thoroughbred horses.
As Miss Lansburgh she was cor
respondent for the New Yoi'k
magazine, "Rider and Driver," and
for "Saddle and Bridle," published
in St. Louis.
Helvenston came to Stanford an
Eastern product in 1928. One year as
stage designer boosted him to di
rector of dramatics, at which pur
suit young thin-ankled Lynn prom
ises to furnish him new starring
material.
Missing a dress rehearsal of the
Gaieties by a space of minutes, Miss
Lynn Helvenston, blue-eyed, fair
haired, weight seven and a half
pounds, moved in with her father,
Director of Dramatics Harold Hel
venston, shortly after midnight Fri
day.

A startling pai-allel to the very
recent Liebendorfer case, Lynn Hel
venston's entree into campus life
smacks slightly of a frame-up. Don
E. Liebendorfer, Jr., also seven and
a half pounds, timed his first ap
pearance with the kick-off for the
Southern California game which
Liebendorfer Sr. was supposed to
have broadcast.
With this principle established,
Helvenston's Gaieties were due for
an upset; and it is no small wonder
that" the President's house escaped
on election night.
Young Miss Helvenston enjoys
the distinction of being her parents'
first baby. Her mother was Ruth
Lansburgh, '29, Phi Bete, Cap and
Gown, and sportswoman, well
known on the peninsula for her pri
vate stables of thoroughbred horses.
As Miss Lansburgh she was cor
respondent for the New Yoi'k
magazine, "Rider and Driver," and
for "Saddle and Bridle," published
in St. Louis.
Helvenston came to Stanford an
Eastern product in 1928. One year as
stage designer boosted him to di
rector of dramatics, at which pur
suit young thin-ankled Lynn prom
ises to furnish him new starring
material.
Missing a dress rehearsal of the
Gaieties by a space of minutes, Miss
Lynn Helvenston, blue-eyed, fair
haired, weight seven and a half
pounds, moved in with her father,
Director of Dramatics Harold Hel
venston, shortly after midnight Fri
day.

A startling pai-allel to the very
recent Liebendorfer case, Lynn Hel
venston's entree into campus life
smacks slightly of a frame-up. Don
E. Liebendorfer, Jr., also seven and
a half pounds, timed his first ap
pearance with the kick-off for the
Southern California game which
Liebendorfer Sr. was supposed to
have broadcast.
With this principle established,
Helvenston's Gaieties were due for
an upset; and it is no small wonder
that" the President's house escaped
on election night.
Young Miss Helvenston enjoys
the distinction of being her parents'
first baby. Her mother was Ruth
Lansburgh, '29, Phi Bete, Cap and
Gown, and sportswoman, well
known on the peninsula for her pri
vate stables of thoroughbred horses.
As Miss Lansburgh she was cor
respondent for the New Yoi'k
magazine, "Rider and Driver," and
for "Saddle and Bridle," published
in St. Louis.
Helvenston came to Stanford an
Eastern product in 1928. One year as
stage designer boosted him to di
rector of dramatics, at which pur
suit young thin-ankled Lynn prom
ises to furnish him new starring
material.
Missing a dress rehearsal of the
Gaieties by a space of minutes, Miss
Lynn Helvenston, blue-eyed, fair
haired, weight seven and a half
pounds, moved in with her father,
Director of Dramatics Harold Hel
venston, shortly after midnight Fri
day.

A startling pai-allel to the very
recent Liebendorfer case, Lynn Hel
venston's entree into campus life
smacks slightly of a frame-up. Don
E. Liebendorfer, Jr., also seven and
a half pounds, timed his first ap
pearance with the kick-off for the
Southern California game which
Liebendorfer Sr. was supposed to
have broadcast.
With this principle established,
Helvenston's Gaieties were due for
an upset; and it is no small wonder
that" the President's house escaped
on election night.
Young Miss Helvenston enjoys
the distinction of being her parents'
first baby. Her mother was Ruth
Lansburgh, '29, Phi Bete, Cap and
Gown, and sportswoman, well
known on the peninsula for her pri
vate stables of thoroughbred horses.
As Miss Lansburgh she was cor
respondent for the New Yoi'k
magazine, "Rider and Driver," and
for "Saddle and Bridle," published
in St. Louis.
Helvenston came to Stanford an
Eastern product in 1928. One year as
stage designer boosted him to di
rector of dramatics, at which pur
suit young thin-ankled Lynn prom
ises to furnish him new starring
material.
Missing a dress rehearsal of the
Gaieties by a space of minutes, Miss
Lynn Helvenston, blue-eyed, fair
haired, weight seven and a half
pounds, moved in with her father,
Director of Dramatics Harold Hel
venston, shortly after midnight Fri
day.

A startling pai-allel to the very
recent Liebendorfer case, Lynn Hel
venston's entree into campus life
smacks slightly of a frame-up. Don
E. Liebendorfer, Jr., also seven and
a half pounds, timed his first ap
pearance with the kick-off for the
Southern California game which
Liebendorfer Sr. was supposed to
have broadcast.
With this principle established,
Helvenston's Gaieties were due for
an upset; and it is no small wonder
that" the President's house escaped
on election night.
Young Miss Helvenston enjoys
the distinction of being her parents'
first baby. Her mother was Ruth
Lansburgh, '29, Phi Bete, Cap and
Gown, and sportswoman, well
known on the peninsula for her pri
vate stables of thoroughbred horses.
As Miss Lansburgh she was cor
respondent for the New Yoi'k
magazine, "Rider and Driver," and
for "Saddle and Bridle," published
in St. Louis.
Helvenston came to Stanford an
Eastern product in 1928. One year as
stage designer boosted him to di
rector of dramatics, at which pur
suit young thin-ankled Lynn prom
ises to furnish him new starring
material.
Missing a dress rehearsal of the
Gaieties by a space of minutes, Miss
Lynn Helvenston, blue-eyed, fair
haired, weight seven and a half
pounds, moved in with her father,
Director of Dramatics Harold Hel
venston, shortly after midnight Fri
day.

A startling pai-allel to the very
recent Liebendorfer case, Lynn Hel
venston's entree into campus life
smacks slightly of a frame-up. Don
E. Liebendorfer, Jr., also seven and
a half pounds, timed his first ap
pearance with the kick-off for the
Southern California game which
Liebendorfer Sr. was supposed to
have broadcast.
With this principle established,
Helvenston's Gaieties were due for
an upset; and it is no small wonder
that" the President's house escaped
on election night.
Young Miss Helvenston enjoys
the distinction of being her parents'
first baby. Her mother was Ruth
Lansburgh, '29, Phi Bete, Cap and
Gown, and sportswoman, well
known on the peninsula for her pri
vate stables of thoroughbred horses.
As Miss Lansburgh she was cor
respondent for the New Yoi'k
magazine, "Rider and Driver," and
for "Saddle and Bridle," published
in St. Louis.
Helvenston came to Stanford an
Eastern product in 1928. One year as
stage designer boosted him to di
rector of dramatics, at which pur
suit young thin-ankled Lynn prom
ises to furnish him new starring
material.
Missing a dress rehearsal of the
Gaieties by a space of minutes, Miss
Lynn Helvenston, blue-eyed, fair
haired, weight seven and a half
pounds, moved in with her father,
Director of Dramatics Harold Hel
venston, shortly after midnight Fri
day.

A startling pai-allel to the very
recent Liebendorfer case, Lynn Hel
venston's entree into campus life
smacks slightly of a frame-up. Don
E. Liebendorfer, Jr., also seven and
a half pounds, timed his first ap
pearance with the kick-off for the
Southern California game which
Liebendorfer Sr. was supposed to
have broadcast.
With this principle established,
Helvenston's Gaieties were due for
an upset; and it is no small wonder
that" the President's house escaped
on election night.
Young Miss Helvenston enjoys
the distinction of being her parents'
first baby. Her mother was Ruth
Lansburgh, '29, Phi Bete, Cap and
Gown, and sportswoman, well
known on the peninsula for her pri
vate stables of thoroughbred horses.
As Miss Lansburgh she was cor
respondent for the New Yoi'k
magazine, "Rider and Driver," and
for "Saddle and Bridle," published
in St. Louis.
Helvenston came to Stanford an
Eastern product in 1928. One year as
stage designer boosted him to di
rector of dramatics, at which pur
suit young thin-ankled Lynn prom
ises to furnish him new starring
material.
Missing a dress rehearsal of the
Gaieties by a space of minutes, Miss
Lynn Helvenston, blue-eyed, fair
haired, weight seven and a half
pounds, moved in with her father,
Director of Dramatics Harold Hel
venston, shortly after midnight Fri
day.

A startling pai-allel to the very
recent Liebendorfer case, Lynn Hel
venston's entree into campus life
smacks slightly of a frame-up. Don
E. Liebendorfer, Jr., also seven and
a half pounds, timed his first ap
pearance with the kick-off for the
Southern California game which
Liebendorfer Sr. was supposed to
have broadcast.
With this principle established,
Helvenston's Gaieties were due for
an upset; and it is no small wonder
that" the President's house escaped
on election night.
Young Miss Helvenston enjoys
the distinction of being her parents'
first baby. Her mother was Ruth
Lansburgh, '29, Phi Bete, Cap and
Gown, and sportswoman, well
known on the peninsula for her pri
vate stables of thoroughbred horses.
As Miss Lansburgh she was cor
respondent for the New Yoi'k
magazine, "Rider and Driver," and
for "Saddle and Bridle," published
in St. Louis.
Helvenston came to Stanford an
Eastern product in 1928. One year as
stage designer boosted him to di
rector of dramatics, at which pur
suit young thin-ankled Lynn prom
ises to furnish him new starring
material.
Missing a dress rehearsal of the
Gaieties by a space of minutes, Miss
Lynn Helvenston, blue-eyed, fair
haired, weight seven and a half
pounds, moved in with her father,
Director of Dramatics Harold Hel
venston, shortly after midnight Fri
day.

A startling pai-allel to the very
recent Liebendorfer case, Lynn Hel
venston's entree into campus life
smacks slightly of a frame-up. Don
E. Liebendorfer, Jr., also seven and
a half pounds, timed his first ap
pearance with the kick-off for the
Southern California game which
Liebendorfer Sr. was supposed to
have broadcast.
With this principle established,
Helvenston's Gaieties were due for
an upset; and it is no small wonder
that" the President's house escaped
on election night.
Young Miss Helvenston enjoys
the distinction of being her parents'
first baby. Her mother was Ruth
Lansburgh, '29, Phi Bete, Cap and
Gown, and sportswoman, well
known on the peninsula for her pri
vate stables of thoroughbred horses.
As Miss Lansburgh she was cor
respondent for the New Yoi'k
magazine, "Rider and Driver," and
for "Saddle and Bridle," published
in St. Louis.
Helvenston came to Stanford an
Eastern product in 1928. One year as
stage designer boosted him to di
rector of dramatics, at which pur
suit young thin-ankled Lynn prom
ises to furnish him new starring
material.
Missing a dress rehearsal of the
Gaieties by a space of minutes, Miss
Lynn Helvenston, blue-eyed, fair
haired, weight seven and a half
pounds, moved in with her father,
Director of Dramatics Harold Hel
venston, shortly after midnight Fri
day.

A startling pai-allel to the very
recent Liebendorfer case, Lynn Hel
venston's entree into campus life
smacks slightly of a frame-up. Don
E. Liebendorfer, Jr., also seven and
a half pounds, timed his first ap
pearance with the kick-off for the
Southern California game which
Liebendorfer Sr. was supposed to
have broadcast.
With this principle established,
Helvenston's Gaieties were due for
an upset; and it is no small wonder
that" the President's house escaped
on election night.
Young Miss Helvenston enjoys
the distinction of being her parents'
first baby. Her mother was Ruth
Lansburgh, '29, Phi Bete, Cap and
Gown, and sportswoman, well
known on the peninsula for her pri
vate stables of thoroughbred horses.
As Miss Lansburgh she was cor
respondent for the New Yoi'k
magazine, "Rider and Driver," and
for "Saddle and Bridle," published
in St. Louis.
Helvenston came to Stanford an
Eastern product in 1928. One year as
stage designer boosted him to di
rector of dramatics, at which pur
suit young thin-ankled Lynn prom
ises to furnish him new starring
material.
