# 'Woman' Upsets Savoir-Faire Of Sequoia Roughs
## 
### 
Sequoia Ifall, famed as the
last outpost of the Stanford
rough, was thrown into a panic
last week with the discovery of
a "womap" in its midst.
Denizens of old Hohle were
shocked, embarrassed, and
otherwise ill at ease by their
discovery, especially the 10 or
12 who emerged from shower
rooms to be confronted with
the smiling countenance of an
attractive member of the femi
nine sex.
Bob Cordry, Max Lindbloni,
and Karl Schoenfeld were re
sponsible for the discomfiture
of their fellow residents. The
cause was the life-size card
board and realistic-appearing
girl who is used in the adver
tisements of a soft drink.
Sequoia Ifall, famed as the
last outpost of the Stanford
rough, was thrown into a panic
last week with the discovery of
a "womap" in its midst.
Denizens of old Hohle were
shocked, embarrassed, and
otherwise ill at ease by their
discovery, especially the 10 or
12 who emerged from shower
rooms to be confronted with
the smiling countenance of an
attractive member of the femi
nine sex.
Bob Cordry, Max Lindbloni,
and Karl Schoenfeld were re
sponsible for the discomfiture
of their fellow residents. The
cause was the life-size card
board and realistic-appearing
girl who is used in the adver
tisements of a soft drink.
Sequoia Ifall, famed as the
last outpost of the Stanford
rough, was thrown into a panic
last week with the discovery of
a "womap" in its midst.
Denizens of old Hohle were
shocked, embarrassed, and
otherwise ill at ease by their
discovery, especially the 10 or
12 who emerged from shower
rooms to be confronted with
the smiling countenance of an
attractive member of the femi
nine sex.
Bob Cordry, Max Lindbloni,
and Karl Schoenfeld were re
sponsible for the discomfiture
of their fellow residents. The
cause was the life-size card
board and realistic-appearing
girl who is used in the adver
tisements of a soft drink.
Sequoia Ifall, famed as the
last outpost of the Stanford
rough, was thrown into a panic
last week with the discovery of
a "womap" in its midst.
Denizens of old Hohle were
shocked, embarrassed, and
otherwise ill at ease by their
discovery, especially the 10 or
12 who emerged from shower
rooms to be confronted with
the smiling countenance of an
attractive member of the femi
nine sex.
Bob Cordry, Max Lindbloni,
and Karl Schoenfeld were re
sponsible for the discomfiture
of their fellow residents. The
cause was the life-size card
board and realistic-appearing
girl who is used in the adver
tisements of a soft drink.
Sequoia Ifall, famed as the
last outpost of the Stanford
rough, was thrown into a panic
last week with the discovery of
a "womap" in its midst.
Denizens of old Hohle were
shocked, embarrassed, and
otherwise ill at ease by their
discovery, especially the 10 or
12 who emerged from shower
rooms to be confronted with
the smiling countenance of an
attractive member of the femi
nine sex.
Bob Cordry, Max Lindbloni,
and Karl Schoenfeld were re
sponsible for the discomfiture
of their fellow residents. The
cause was the life-size card
board and realistic-appearing
girl who is used in the adver
tisements of a soft drink.
Sequoia Ifall, famed as the
last outpost of the Stanford
rough, was thrown into a panic
last week with the discovery of
a "womap" in its midst.
Denizens of old Hohle were
shocked, embarrassed, and
otherwise ill at ease by their
discovery, especially the 10 or
12 who emerged from shower
rooms to be confronted with
the smiling countenance of an
attractive member of the femi
nine sex.
Bob Cordry, Max Lindbloni,
and Karl Schoenfeld were re
sponsible for the discomfiture
of their fellow residents. The
cause was the life-size card
board and realistic-appearing
girl who is used in the adver
tisements of a soft drink.
Sequoia Ifall, famed as the
last outpost of the Stanford
rough, was thrown into a panic
last week with the discovery of
a "womap" in its midst.
Denizens of old Hohle were
shocked, embarrassed, and
otherwise ill at ease by their
discovery, especially the 10 or
12 who emerged from shower
rooms to be confronted with
the smiling countenance of an
attractive member of the femi
nine sex.
Bob Cordry, Max Lindbloni,
and Karl Schoenfeld were re
sponsible for the discomfiture
of their fellow residents. The
cause was the life-size card
board and realistic-appearing
girl who is used in the adver
tisements of a soft drink.
Sequoia Ifall, famed as the
last outpost of the Stanford
rough, was thrown into a panic
last week with the discovery of
a "womap" in its midst.
Denizens of old Hohle were
shocked, embarrassed, and
otherwise ill at ease by their
discovery, especially the 10 or
12 who emerged from shower
rooms to be confronted with
the smiling countenance of an
attractive member of the femi
nine sex.
Bob Cordry, Max Lindbloni,
and Karl Schoenfeld were re
sponsible for the discomfiture
of their fellow residents. The
cause was the life-size card
board and realistic-appearing
girl who is used in the adver
tisements of a soft drink.
Sequoia Ifall, famed as the
last outpost of the Stanford
rough, was thrown into a panic
last week with the discovery of
a "womap" in its midst.
Denizens of old Hohle were
shocked, embarrassed, and
otherwise ill at ease by their
discovery, especially the 10 or
12 who emerged from shower
rooms to be confronted with
the smiling countenance of an
attractive member of the femi
nine sex.
Bob Cordry, Max Lindbloni,
and Karl Schoenfeld were re
sponsible for the discomfiture
of their fellow residents. The
cause was the life-size card
board and realistic-appearing
girl who is used in the adver
tisements of a soft drink.
Sequoia Ifall, famed as the
last outpost of the Stanford
rough, was thrown into a panic
last week with the discovery of
a "womap" in its midst.
Denizens of old Hohle were
shocked, embarrassed, and
otherwise ill at ease by their
discovery, especially the 10 or
12 who emerged from shower
rooms to be confronted with
the smiling countenance of an
attractive member of the femi
nine sex.
Bob Cordry, Max Lindbloni,
and Karl Schoenfeld were re
sponsible for the discomfiture
of their fellow residents. The
cause was the life-size card
board and realistic-appearing
girl who is used in the adver
tisements of a soft drink.
Sequoia Ifall, famed as the
last outpost of the Stanford
rough, was thrown into a panic
last week with the discovery of
a "womap" in its midst.
Denizens of old Hohle were
shocked, embarrassed, and
otherwise ill at ease by their
discovery, especially the 10 or
12 who emerged from shower
rooms to be confronted with
the smiling countenance of an
attractive member of the femi
nine sex.
Bob Cordry, Max Lindbloni,
and Karl Schoenfeld were re
sponsible for the discomfiture
of their fellow residents. The
cause was the life-size card
board and realistic-appearing
girl who is used in the adver
tisements of a soft drink.
Sequoia Ifall, famed as the
last outpost of the Stanford
rough, was thrown into a panic
last week with the discovery of
a "womap" in its midst.
Denizens of old Hohle were
shocked, embarrassed, and
otherwise ill at ease by their
discovery, especially the 10 or
12 who emerged from shower
rooms to be confronted with
the smiling countenance of an
attractive member of the femi
nine sex.
Bob Cordry, Max Lindbloni,
and Karl Schoenfeld were re
sponsible for the discomfiture
of their fellow residents. The
cause was the life-size card
board and realistic-appearing
girl who is used in the adver
tisements of a soft drink.
Sequoia Ifall, famed as the
last outpost of the Stanford
rough, was thrown into a panic
last week with the discovery of
a "womap" in its midst.
Denizens of old Hohle were
shocked, embarrassed, and
otherwise ill at ease by their
discovery, especially the 10 or
12 who emerged from shower
rooms to be confronted with
the smiling countenance of an
attractive member of the femi
nine sex.
Bob Cordry, Max Lindbloni,
and Karl Schoenfeld were re
sponsible for the discomfiture
of their fellow residents. The
cause was the life-size card
board and realistic-appearing
girl who is used in the adver
tisements of a soft drink.
Sequoia Ifall, famed as the
last outpost of the Stanford
rough, was thrown into a panic
last week with the discovery of
a "womap" in its midst.
Denizens of old Hohle were
shocked, embarrassed, and
otherwise ill at ease by their
discovery, especially the 10 or
12 who emerged from shower
rooms to be confronted with
the smiling countenance of an
attractive member of the femi
nine sex.
Bob Cordry, Max Lindbloni,
and Karl Schoenfeld were re
sponsible for the discomfiture
of their fellow residents. The
cause was the life-size card
board and realistic-appearing
girl who is used in the adver
tisements of a soft drink.
Sequoia Ifall, famed as the
last outpost of the Stanford
rough, was thrown into a panic
last week with the discovery of
a "womap" in its midst.
Denizens of old Hohle were
shocked, embarrassed, and
otherwise ill at ease by their
discovery, especially the 10 or
12 who emerged from shower
rooms to be confronted with
the smiling countenance of an
attractive member of the femi
nine sex.
Bob Cordry, Max Lindbloni,
and Karl Schoenfeld were re
sponsible for the discomfiture
of their fellow residents. The
cause was the life-size card
board and realistic-appearing
girl who is used in the adver
tisements of a soft drink.
Sequoia Ifall, famed as the
last outpost of the Stanford
rough, was thrown into a panic
last week with the discovery of
a "womap" in its midst.
Denizens of old Hohle were
shocked, embarrassed, and
otherwise ill at ease by their
discovery, especially the 10 or
12 who emerged from shower
rooms to be confronted with
the smiling countenance of an
attractive member of the femi
nine sex.
Bob Cordry, Max Lindbloni,
and Karl Schoenfeld were re
sponsible for the discomfiture
of their fellow residents. The
cause was the life-size card
board and realistic-appearing
girl who is used in the adver
tisements of a soft drink.
