# As Others See It.
## 
### 
Bona tide extract from a letter
just received l»y a Stanford girl
from her mother: '"I notice by the
paper that Berkeley won in the de
hating contest. You see that when
it comes to a test of intellectual
strength Stanford isn't in it."
Bona tide extract from a letter
just received l»y a Stanford girl
from her mother: '"I notice by the
paper that Berkeley won in the de
hating contest. You see that when
it comes to a test of intellectual
strength Stanford isn't in it."
Bona tide extract from a letter
just received l»y a Stanford girl
from her mother: '"I notice by the
paper that Berkeley won in the de
hating contest. You see that when
it comes to a test of intellectual
strength Stanford isn't in it."
Bona tide extract from a letter
just received l»y a Stanford girl
from her mother: '"I notice by the
paper that Berkeley won in the de
hating contest. You see that when
it comes to a test of intellectual
strength Stanford isn't in it."
Bona tide extract from a letter
just received l»y a Stanford girl
from her mother: '"I notice by the
paper that Berkeley won in the de
hating contest. You see that when
it comes to a test of intellectual
strength Stanford isn't in it."
