# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Persons desiring copies of Fri
day's supplement containing Mrs.
Stanford's address to the trustees
may obtain them free of charge at
the Daily Palo Alto ollice.
Persons desiring copies of Fri
day's supplement containing Mrs.
Stanford's address to the trustees
may obtain them free of charge at
the Daily Palo Alto ollice.
Persons desiring copies of Fri
day's supplement containing Mrs.
Stanford's address to the trustees
may obtain them free of charge at
the Daily Palo Alto ollice.
Persons desiring copies of Fri
day's supplement containing Mrs.
Stanford's address to the trustees
may obtain them free of charge at
the Daily Palo Alto ollice.
Persons desiring copies of Fri
day's supplement containing Mrs.
Stanford's address to the trustees
may obtain them free of charge at
the Daily Palo Alto ollice.
