# Requests for Roble Rooms.
## 
### 
It is announced at Roble Hall
that all those who sought rooms
there during the first semester and
could not be accommodated because
of the unusual demand, must, if
they wish to secure rooms in the
dormitory for the second semester,
warn the matron orally or in writ
ing not later than Monday evening,
December 14th. If no request is
turned in by that date, the names
will be removed from the waiting
list.
It is announced at Roble Hall
that all those who sought rooms
there during the first semester and
could not be accommodated because
of the unusual demand, must, if
they wish to secure rooms in the
dormitory for the second semester,
warn the matron orally or in writ
ing not later than Monday evening,
December 14th. If no request is
turned in by that date, the names
will be removed from the waiting
list.
It is announced at Roble Hall
that all those who sought rooms
there during the first semester and
could not be accommodated because
of the unusual demand, must, if
they wish to secure rooms in the
dormitory for the second semester,
warn the matron orally or in writ
ing not later than Monday evening,
December 14th. If no request is
turned in by that date, the names
will be removed from the waiting
list.
It is announced at Roble Hall
that all those who sought rooms
there during the first semester and
could not be accommodated because
of the unusual demand, must, if
they wish to secure rooms in the
dormitory for the second semester,
warn the matron orally or in writ
ing not later than Monday evening,
December 14th. If no request is
turned in by that date, the names
will be removed from the waiting
list.
It is announced at Roble Hall
that all those who sought rooms
there during the first semester and
could not be accommodated because
of the unusual demand, must, if
they wish to secure rooms in the
dormitory for the second semester,
warn the matron orally or in writ
ing not later than Monday evening,
December 14th. If no request is
turned in by that date, the names
will be removed from the waiting
list.
It is announced at Roble Hall
that all those who sought rooms
there during the first semester and
could not be accommodated because
of the unusual demand, must, if
they wish to secure rooms in the
dormitory for the second semester,
warn the matron orally or in writ
ing not later than Monday evening,
December 14th. If no request is
turned in by that date, the names
will be removed from the waiting
list.
It is announced at Roble Hall
that all those who sought rooms
there during the first semester and
could not be accommodated because
of the unusual demand, must, if
they wish to secure rooms in the
dormitory for the second semester,
warn the matron orally or in writ
ing not later than Monday evening,
December 14th. If no request is
turned in by that date, the names
will be removed from the waiting
list.
It is announced at Roble Hall
that all those who sought rooms
there during the first semester and
could not be accommodated because
of the unusual demand, must, if
they wish to secure rooms in the
dormitory for the second semester,
warn the matron orally or in writ
ing not later than Monday evening,
December 14th. If no request is
turned in by that date, the names
will be removed from the waiting
list.
