# YEA—WILLIE
## 
### 
UPI —Willie Mays pinch hit a
double and homer in an informal
S.F. Giants intra-squad game yes
terday at Phoenix. His side won,
3-0.
UPI —Willie Mays pinch hit a
double and homer in an informal
S.F. Giants intra-squad game yes
terday at Phoenix. His side won,
3-0.
UPI —Willie Mays pinch hit a
double and homer in an informal
S.F. Giants intra-squad game yes
terday at Phoenix. His side won,
3-0.
UPI —Willie Mays pinch hit a
double and homer in an informal
S.F. Giants intra-squad game yes
terday at Phoenix. His side won,
3-0.
UPI —Willie Mays pinch hit a
double and homer in an informal
S.F. Giants intra-squad game yes
terday at Phoenix. His side won,
3-0.
UPI —Willie Mays pinch hit a
double and homer in an informal
S.F. Giants intra-squad game yes
terday at Phoenix. His side won,
3-0.
UPI —Willie Mays pinch hit a
double and homer in an informal
S.F. Giants intra-squad game yes
terday at Phoenix. His side won,
3-0.
UPI —Willie Mays pinch hit a
double and homer in an informal
S.F. Giants intra-squad game yes
terday at Phoenix. His side won,
3-0.
UPI —Willie Mays pinch hit a
double and homer in an informal
S.F. Giants intra-squad game yes
terday at Phoenix. His side won,
3-0.
UPI —Willie Mays pinch hit a
double and homer in an informal
S.F. Giants intra-squad game yes
terday at Phoenix. His side won,
3-0.
UPI —Willie Mays pinch hit a
double and homer in an informal
S.F. Giants intra-squad game yes
terday at Phoenix. His side won,
3-0.
UPI —Willie Mays pinch hit a
double and homer in an informal
S.F. Giants intra-squad game yes
terday at Phoenix. His side won,
3-0.
UPI —Willie Mays pinch hit a
double and homer in an informal
S.F. Giants intra-squad game yes
terday at Phoenix. His side won,
3-0.
UPI —Willie Mays pinch hit a
double and homer in an informal
S.F. Giants intra-squad game yes
terday at Phoenix. His side won,
3-0.
UPI —Willie Mays pinch hit a
double and homer in an informal
S.F. Giants intra-squad game yes
terday at Phoenix. His side won,
3-0.
