# Alpha Meeting.
## 
### 
Alpha Literary Society held its
last meeting of this semester last
Saturday evening. The following
was the program of the evening:
Speech, Sir Thomas Moore's Utopia,
Snedden, '97; debate, "Resolved,
That the French form of govern
ment is more conducive to political
reform and progress than that of
the United States": affirmative,
O'Neil, '97, and Morrow, '99; neg
ative, Wells, '97, and Peck, '9«S;
extemporaneous speech, Ortschild.
'99; extemporaneous debate, "Re
solved, That the Australian ballot
system should be adopted in stu
dent body elections": affirmative,
R. A. Leiter, '99; negative, Whit
aker, '99.
The society then elected the fol
lowing officers for next semester:
President, H.C.Pearson, '97; vice
president, W. (J, Morrow, '99;
treasurer, A. C. Whittaker, '99,
secretary, R. A. Leiter, '99. Wood
ruff was voted in as a member of
the society-
Alpha Literary Society held its
last meeting of this semester last
Saturday evening. The following
was the program of the evening:
Speech, Sir Thomas Moore's Utopia,
Snedden, '97; debate, "Resolved,
That the French form of govern
ment is more conducive to political
reform and progress than that of
the United States": affirmative,
O'Neil, '97, and Morrow, '99; neg
ative, Wells, '97, and Peck, '9«S;
extemporaneous speech, Ortschild.
'99; extemporaneous debate, "Re
solved, That the Australian ballot
system should be adopted in stu
dent body elections": affirmative,
R. A. Leiter, '99; negative, Whit
aker, '99.
The society then elected the fol
lowing officers for next semester:
President, H.C.Pearson, '97; vice
president, W. (J, Morrow, '99;
treasurer, A. C. Whittaker, '99,
secretary, R. A. Leiter, '99. Wood
ruff was voted in as a member of
the society-
Alpha Literary Society held its
last meeting of this semester last
Saturday evening. The following
was the program of the evening:
Speech, Sir Thomas Moore's Utopia,
Snedden, '97; debate, "Resolved,
That the French form of govern
ment is more conducive to political
reform and progress than that of
the United States": affirmative,
O'Neil, '97, and Morrow, '99; neg
ative, Wells, '97, and Peck, '9«S;
extemporaneous speech, Ortschild.
'99; extemporaneous debate, "Re
solved, That the Australian ballot
system should be adopted in stu
dent body elections": affirmative,
R. A. Leiter, '99; negative, Whit
aker, '99.
The society then elected the fol
lowing officers for next semester:
President, H.C.Pearson, '97; vice
president, W. (J, Morrow, '99;
treasurer, A. C. Whittaker, '99,
secretary, R. A. Leiter, '99. Wood
ruff was voted in as a member of
the society-
Alpha Literary Society held its
last meeting of this semester last
Saturday evening. The following
was the program of the evening:
Speech, Sir Thomas Moore's Utopia,
Snedden, '97; debate, "Resolved,
That the French form of govern
ment is more conducive to political
reform and progress than that of
the United States": affirmative,
O'Neil, '97, and Morrow, '99; neg
ative, Wells, '97, and Peck, '9«S;
extemporaneous speech, Ortschild.
'99; extemporaneous debate, "Re
solved, That the Australian ballot
system should be adopted in stu
dent body elections": affirmative,
R. A. Leiter, '99; negative, Whit
aker, '99.
The society then elected the fol
lowing officers for next semester:
President, H.C.Pearson, '97; vice
president, W. (J, Morrow, '99;
treasurer, A. C. Whittaker, '99,
secretary, R. A. Leiter, '99. Wood
ruff was voted in as a member of
the society-
Alpha Literary Society held its
last meeting of this semester last
Saturday evening. The following
was the program of the evening:
Speech, Sir Thomas Moore's Utopia,
Snedden, '97; debate, "Resolved,
That the French form of govern
ment is more conducive to political
reform and progress than that of
the United States": affirmative,
O'Neil, '97, and Morrow, '99; neg
ative, Wells, '97, and Peck, '9«S;
extemporaneous speech, Ortschild.
'99; extemporaneous debate, "Re
solved, That the Australian ballot
system should be adopted in stu
dent body elections": affirmative,
R. A. Leiter, '99; negative, Whit
aker, '99.
The society then elected the fol
lowing officers for next semester:
President, H.C.Pearson, '97; vice
president, W. (J, Morrow, '99;
treasurer, A. C. Whittaker, '99,
secretary, R. A. Leiter, '99. Wood
ruff was voted in as a member of
the society-
