# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Prof. Griggs will address the
class in Renaissance History in
room 12 on Tuesday, December 15,
at 11:80 a.m.; subject, ''Life of
Dante."
Prof. Griggs will address the
class in Renaissance History in
room 12 on Tuesday, December 15,
at 11:80 a.m.; subject, ''Life of
Dante."
Prof. Griggs will address the
class in Renaissance History in
room 12 on Tuesday, December 15,
at 11:80 a.m.; subject, ''Life of
Dante."
Prof. Griggs will address the
class in Renaissance History in
room 12 on Tuesday, December 15,
at 11:80 a.m.; subject, ''Life of
Dante."
Prof. Griggs will address the
class in Renaissance History in
room 12 on Tuesday, December 15,
at 11:80 a.m.; subject, ''Life of
Dante."
