# President's Assistant Injured In Accident
## 
### 
Mr. and Mrs. Frederic O.
Glover were hospitalized with
broken ribs following- a three
car accident near Woodland,
Calif. Saturday night. Both
are reported in satisfactory
condition and are expected to
be released from the Wood
land Clinic later this week.
Glover is executive assistant
to University President Wal
lace Sterling.
Mr. and Mrs. Frederic O.
Glover were hospitalized with
broken ribs following- a three
car accident near Woodland,
Calif. Saturday night. Both
are reported in satisfactory
condition and are expected to
be released from the Wood
land Clinic later this week.
Glover is executive assistant
to University President Wal
lace Sterling.
Mr. and Mrs. Frederic O.
Glover were hospitalized with
broken ribs following- a three
car accident near Woodland,
Calif. Saturday night. Both
are reported in satisfactory
condition and are expected to
be released from the Wood
land Clinic later this week.
Glover is executive assistant
to University President Wal
lace Sterling.
Mr. and Mrs. Frederic O.
Glover were hospitalized with
broken ribs following- a three
car accident near Woodland,
Calif. Saturday night. Both
are reported in satisfactory
condition and are expected to
be released from the Wood
land Clinic later this week.
Glover is executive assistant
to University President Wal
lace Sterling.
Mr. and Mrs. Frederic O.
Glover were hospitalized with
broken ribs following- a three
car accident near Woodland,
Calif. Saturday night. Both
are reported in satisfactory
condition and are expected to
be released from the Wood
land Clinic later this week.
Glover is executive assistant
to University President Wal
lace Sterling.
Mr. and Mrs. Frederic O.
Glover were hospitalized with
broken ribs following- a three
car accident near Woodland,
Calif. Saturday night. Both
are reported in satisfactory
condition and are expected to
be released from the Wood
land Clinic later this week.
Glover is executive assistant
to University President Wal
lace Sterling.
Mr. and Mrs. Frederic O.
Glover were hospitalized with
broken ribs following- a three
car accident near Woodland,
Calif. Saturday night. Both
are reported in satisfactory
condition and are expected to
be released from the Wood
land Clinic later this week.
Glover is executive assistant
to University President Wal
lace Sterling.
Mr. and Mrs. Frederic O.
Glover were hospitalized with
broken ribs following- a three
car accident near Woodland,
Calif. Saturday night. Both
are reported in satisfactory
condition and are expected to
be released from the Wood
land Clinic later this week.
Glover is executive assistant
to University President Wal
lace Sterling.
Mr. and Mrs. Frederic O.
Glover were hospitalized with
broken ribs following- a three
car accident near Woodland,
Calif. Saturday night. Both
are reported in satisfactory
condition and are expected to
be released from the Wood
land Clinic later this week.
Glover is executive assistant
to University President Wal
lace Sterling.
Mr. and Mrs. Frederic O.
Glover were hospitalized with
broken ribs following- a three
car accident near Woodland,
Calif. Saturday night. Both
are reported in satisfactory
condition and are expected to
be released from the Wood
land Clinic later this week.
Glover is executive assistant
to University President Wal
lace Sterling.
Mr. and Mrs. Frederic O.
Glover were hospitalized with
broken ribs following- a three
car accident near Woodland,
Calif. Saturday night. Both
are reported in satisfactory
condition and are expected to
be released from the Wood
land Clinic later this week.
Glover is executive assistant
to University President Wal
lace Sterling.
Mr. and Mrs. Frederic O.
Glover were hospitalized with
broken ribs following- a three
car accident near Woodland,
Calif. Saturday night. Both
are reported in satisfactory
condition and are expected to
be released from the Wood
land Clinic later this week.
Glover is executive assistant
to University President Wal
lace Sterling.
Mr. and Mrs. Frederic O.
Glover were hospitalized with
broken ribs following- a three
car accident near Woodland,
Calif. Saturday night. Both
are reported in satisfactory
condition and are expected to
be released from the Wood
land Clinic later this week.
Glover is executive assistant
to University President Wal
lace Sterling.
Mr. and Mrs. Frederic O.
Glover were hospitalized with
broken ribs following- a three
car accident near Woodland,
Calif. Saturday night. Both
are reported in satisfactory
condition and are expected to
be released from the Wood
land Clinic later this week.
Glover is executive assistant
to University President Wal
lace Sterling.
Mr. and Mrs. Frederic O.
Glover were hospitalized with
broken ribs following- a three
car accident near Woodland,
Calif. Saturday night. Both
are reported in satisfactory
condition and are expected to
be released from the Wood
land Clinic later this week.
Glover is executive assistant
to University President Wal
lace Sterling.
Mr. and Mrs. Frederic O.
Glover were hospitalized with
broken ribs following- a three
car accident near Woodland,
Calif. Saturday night. Both
are reported in satisfactory
condition and are expected to
be released from the Wood
land Clinic later this week.
Glover is executive assistant
to University President Wal
lace Sterling.
