# Maestro
## 
### 

Karl Muenchinger will direct the Stuttgart Chamber Orchestra
Wednesday at 8:30 p.m. In Memorial Auditorium. Tickets are avail
able at the Tresidder box office with a .50 cent discount for stu
dents. The program includes Mozart's "Serenata Notturna In D
Major" and Hlndemith's "Trauermuslk for Viola and Strings" with
Hermann Voss soloing.

Karl Muenchinger will direct the Stuttgart Chamber Orchestra
Wednesday at 8:30 p.m. In Memorial Auditorium. Tickets are avail
able at the Tresidder box office with a .50 cent discount for stu
dents. The program includes Mozart's "Serenata Notturna In D
Major" and Hlndemith's "Trauermuslk for Viola and Strings" with
Hermann Voss soloing.

Karl Muenchinger will direct the Stuttgart Chamber Orchestra
Wednesday at 8:30 p.m. In Memorial Auditorium. Tickets are avail
able at the Tresidder box office with a .50 cent discount for stu
dents. The program includes Mozart's "Serenata Notturna In D
Major" and Hlndemith's "Trauermuslk for Viola and Strings" with
Hermann Voss soloing.

Karl Muenchinger will direct the Stuttgart Chamber Orchestra
Wednesday at 8:30 p.m. In Memorial Auditorium. Tickets are avail
able at the Tresidder box office with a .50 cent discount for stu
dents. The program includes Mozart's "Serenata Notturna In D
Major" and Hlndemith's "Trauermuslk for Viola and Strings" with
Hermann Voss soloing.

Karl Muenchinger will direct the Stuttgart Chamber Orchestra
Wednesday at 8:30 p.m. In Memorial Auditorium. Tickets are avail
able at the Tresidder box office with a .50 cent discount for stu
dents. The program includes Mozart's "Serenata Notturna In D
Major" and Hlndemith's "Trauermuslk for Viola and Strings" with
Hermann Voss soloing.

Karl Muenchinger will direct the Stuttgart Chamber Orchestra
Wednesday at 8:30 p.m. In Memorial Auditorium. Tickets are avail
able at the Tresidder box office with a .50 cent discount for stu
dents. The program includes Mozart's "Serenata Notturna In D
Major" and Hlndemith's "Trauermuslk for Viola and Strings" with
Hermann Voss soloing.

Karl Muenchinger will direct the Stuttgart Chamber Orchestra
Wednesday at 8:30 p.m. In Memorial Auditorium. Tickets are avail
able at the Tresidder box office with a .50 cent discount for stu
dents. The program includes Mozart's "Serenata Notturna In D
Major" and Hlndemith's "Trauermuslk for Viola and Strings" with
Hermann Voss soloing.

Karl Muenchinger will direct the Stuttgart Chamber Orchestra
Wednesday at 8:30 p.m. In Memorial Auditorium. Tickets are avail
able at the Tresidder box office with a .50 cent discount for stu
dents. The program includes Mozart's "Serenata Notturna In D
Major" and Hlndemith's "Trauermuslk for Viola and Strings" with
Hermann Voss soloing.

Karl Muenchinger will direct the Stuttgart Chamber Orchestra
Wednesday at 8:30 p.m. In Memorial Auditorium. Tickets are avail
able at the Tresidder box office with a .50 cent discount for stu
dents. The program includes Mozart's "Serenata Notturna In D
Major" and Hlndemith's "Trauermuslk for Viola and Strings" with
Hermann Voss soloing.

Karl Muenchinger will direct the Stuttgart Chamber Orchestra
Wednesday at 8:30 p.m. In Memorial Auditorium. Tickets are avail
able at the Tresidder box office with a .50 cent discount for stu
dents. The program includes Mozart's "Serenata Notturna In D
Major" and Hlndemith's "Trauermuslk for Viola and Strings" with
Hermann Voss soloing.

Karl Muenchinger will direct the Stuttgart Chamber Orchestra
Wednesday at 8:30 p.m. In Memorial Auditorium. Tickets are avail
able at the Tresidder box office with a .50 cent discount for stu
dents. The program includes Mozart's "Serenata Notturna In D
Major" and Hlndemith's "Trauermuslk for Viola and Strings" with
Hermann Voss soloing.

Karl Muenchinger will direct the Stuttgart Chamber Orchestra
Wednesday at 8:30 p.m. In Memorial Auditorium. Tickets are avail
able at the Tresidder box office with a .50 cent discount for stu
dents. The program includes Mozart's "Serenata Notturna In D
Major" and Hlndemith's "Trauermuslk for Viola and Strings" with
Hermann Voss soloing.

Karl Muenchinger will direct the Stuttgart Chamber Orchestra
Wednesday at 8:30 p.m. In Memorial Auditorium. Tickets are avail
able at the Tresidder box office with a .50 cent discount for stu
dents. The program includes Mozart's "Serenata Notturna In D
Major" and Hlndemith's "Trauermuslk for Viola and Strings" with
Hermann Voss soloing.

Karl Muenchinger will direct the Stuttgart Chamber Orchestra
Wednesday at 8:30 p.m. In Memorial Auditorium. Tickets are avail
able at the Tresidder box office with a .50 cent discount for stu
dents. The program includes Mozart's "Serenata Notturna In D
Major" and Hlndemith's "Trauermuslk for Viola and Strings" with
Hermann Voss soloing.

Karl Muenchinger will direct the Stuttgart Chamber Orchestra
Wednesday at 8:30 p.m. In Memorial Auditorium. Tickets are avail
able at the Tresidder box office with a .50 cent discount for stu
dents. The program includes Mozart's "Serenata Notturna In D
Major" and Hlndemith's "Trauermuslk for Viola and Strings" with
Hermann Voss soloing.

Karl Muenchinger will direct the Stuttgart Chamber Orchestra
Wednesday at 8:30 p.m. In Memorial Auditorium. Tickets are avail
able at the Tresidder box office with a .50 cent discount for stu
dents. The program includes Mozart's "Serenata Notturna In D
Major" and Hlndemith's "Trauermuslk for Viola and Strings" with
Hermann Voss soloing.
