# Lake is Fifteen Inches Lower.
## 
### 
All danger of Lake Lagunita over
flowing or breaking through its hanks
has passed. At one o'clock this after
noon the water had dropped fifteen
inches since yesterday. The heavy
rains have materially improved the
lake for the boating men. The height
of the water now is more favorable to
the work of the crews than it has ever
been before.
Owing to the rain today the flood
gates and fountain are still open. As
soon as the rain stops the flood-gates
will be shut of? and the fountain
started.
All danger of Lake Lagunita over
flowing or breaking through its hanks
has passed. At one o'clock this after
noon the water had dropped fifteen
inches since yesterday. The heavy
rains have materially improved the
lake for the boating men. The height
of the water now is more favorable to
the work of the crews than it has ever
been before.
Owing to the rain today the flood
gates and fountain are still open. As
soon as the rain stops the flood-gates
will be shut of? and the fountain
started.
All danger of Lake Lagunita over
flowing or breaking through its hanks
has passed. At one o'clock this after
noon the water had dropped fifteen
inches since yesterday. The heavy
rains have materially improved the
lake for the boating men. The height
of the water now is more favorable to
the work of the crews than it has ever
been before.
Owing to the rain today the flood
gates and fountain are still open. As
soon as the rain stops the flood-gates
will be shut of? and the fountain
started.
All danger of Lake Lagunita over
flowing or breaking through its hanks
has passed. At one o'clock this after
noon the water had dropped fifteen
inches since yesterday. The heavy
rains have materially improved the
lake for the boating men. The height
of the water now is more favorable to
the work of the crews than it has ever
been before.
Owing to the rain today the flood
gates and fountain are still open. As
soon as the rain stops the flood-gates
will be shut of? and the fountain
started.
All danger of Lake Lagunita over
flowing or breaking through its hanks
has passed. At one o'clock this after
noon the water had dropped fifteen
inches since yesterday. The heavy
rains have materially improved the
lake for the boating men. The height
of the water now is more favorable to
the work of the crews than it has ever
been before.
Owing to the rain today the flood
gates and fountain are still open. As
soon as the rain stops the flood-gates
will be shut of? and the fountain
started.
All danger of Lake Lagunita over
flowing or breaking through its hanks
has passed. At one o'clock this after
noon the water had dropped fifteen
inches since yesterday. The heavy
rains have materially improved the
lake for the boating men. The height
of the water now is more favorable to
the work of the crews than it has ever
been before.
Owing to the rain today the flood
gates and fountain are still open. As
soon as the rain stops the flood-gates
will be shut of? and the fountain
started.
All danger of Lake Lagunita over
flowing or breaking through its hanks
has passed. At one o'clock this after
noon the water had dropped fifteen
inches since yesterday. The heavy
rains have materially improved the
lake for the boating men. The height
of the water now is more favorable to
the work of the crews than it has ever
been before.
Owing to the rain today the flood
gates and fountain are still open. As
soon as the rain stops the flood-gates
will be shut of? and the fountain
started.
All danger of Lake Lagunita over
flowing or breaking through its hanks
has passed. At one o'clock this after
noon the water had dropped fifteen
inches since yesterday. The heavy
rains have materially improved the
lake for the boating men. The height
of the water now is more favorable to
the work of the crews than it has ever
been before.
Owing to the rain today the flood
gates and fountain are still open. As
soon as the rain stops the flood-gates
will be shut of? and the fountain
started.
All danger of Lake Lagunita over
flowing or breaking through its hanks
has passed. At one o'clock this after
noon the water had dropped fifteen
inches since yesterday. The heavy
rains have materially improved the
lake for the boating men. The height
of the water now is more favorable to
the work of the crews than it has ever
been before.
Owing to the rain today the flood
gates and fountain are still open. As
soon as the rain stops the flood-gates
will be shut of? and the fountain
started.
