# Job Interviews
## 
### 
Wallace Jamis of the Carnation
Company will be at the Placement
Service today to interview students
for nine various openings in the
Carnation Company. They include
one personnel interviewer, two jun
ior chemists, one mechanical engi
neer, trainees in grocery products
sales, trainees in fresh milk and ice
cream sales, trainees in feed sales,
trainees in evaporated milk produc
tion, milling production, and ac
counting and/or office management.
Wallace Jamis of the Carnation
Company will be at the Placement
Service today to interview students
for nine various openings in the
Carnation Company. They include
one personnel interviewer, two jun
ior chemists, one mechanical engi
neer, trainees in grocery products
sales, trainees in fresh milk and ice
cream sales, trainees in feed sales,
trainees in evaporated milk produc
tion, milling production, and ac
counting and/or office management.
Wallace Jamis of the Carnation
Company will be at the Placement
Service today to interview students
for nine various openings in the
Carnation Company. They include
one personnel interviewer, two jun
ior chemists, one mechanical engi
neer, trainees in grocery products
sales, trainees in fresh milk and ice
cream sales, trainees in feed sales,
trainees in evaporated milk produc
tion, milling production, and ac
counting and/or office management.
Wallace Jamis of the Carnation
Company will be at the Placement
Service today to interview students
for nine various openings in the
Carnation Company. They include
one personnel interviewer, two jun
ior chemists, one mechanical engi
neer, trainees in grocery products
sales, trainees in fresh milk and ice
cream sales, trainees in feed sales,
trainees in evaporated milk produc
tion, milling production, and ac
counting and/or office management.
Wallace Jamis of the Carnation
Company will be at the Placement
Service today to interview students
for nine various openings in the
Carnation Company. They include
one personnel interviewer, two jun
ior chemists, one mechanical engi
neer, trainees in grocery products
sales, trainees in fresh milk and ice
cream sales, trainees in feed sales,
trainees in evaporated milk produc
tion, milling production, and ac
counting and/or office management.
Wallace Jamis of the Carnation
Company will be at the Placement
Service today to interview students
for nine various openings in the
Carnation Company. They include
one personnel interviewer, two jun
ior chemists, one mechanical engi
neer, trainees in grocery products
sales, trainees in fresh milk and ice
cream sales, trainees in feed sales,
trainees in evaporated milk produc
tion, milling production, and ac
counting and/or office management.
Wallace Jamis of the Carnation
Company will be at the Placement
Service today to interview students
for nine various openings in the
Carnation Company. They include
one personnel interviewer, two jun
ior chemists, one mechanical engi
neer, trainees in grocery products
sales, trainees in fresh milk and ice
cream sales, trainees in feed sales,
trainees in evaporated milk produc
tion, milling production, and ac
counting and/or office management.
Wallace Jamis of the Carnation
Company will be at the Placement
Service today to interview students
for nine various openings in the
Carnation Company. They include
one personnel interviewer, two jun
ior chemists, one mechanical engi
neer, trainees in grocery products
sales, trainees in fresh milk and ice
cream sales, trainees in feed sales,
trainees in evaporated milk produc
tion, milling production, and ac
counting and/or office management.
Wallace Jamis of the Carnation
Company will be at the Placement
Service today to interview students
for nine various openings in the
Carnation Company. They include
one personnel interviewer, two jun
ior chemists, one mechanical engi
neer, trainees in grocery products
sales, trainees in fresh milk and ice
cream sales, trainees in feed sales,
trainees in evaporated milk produc
tion, milling production, and ac
counting and/or office management.
Wallace Jamis of the Carnation
Company will be at the Placement
Service today to interview students
for nine various openings in the
Carnation Company. They include
one personnel interviewer, two jun
ior chemists, one mechanical engi
neer, trainees in grocery products
sales, trainees in fresh milk and ice
cream sales, trainees in feed sales,
trainees in evaporated milk produc
tion, milling production, and ac
counting and/or office management.
Wallace Jamis of the Carnation
Company will be at the Placement
Service today to interview students
for nine various openings in the
Carnation Company. They include
one personnel interviewer, two jun
ior chemists, one mechanical engi
neer, trainees in grocery products
sales, trainees in fresh milk and ice
cream sales, trainees in feed sales,
trainees in evaporated milk produc
tion, milling production, and ac
counting and/or office management.
Wallace Jamis of the Carnation
Company will be at the Placement
Service today to interview students
for nine various openings in the
Carnation Company. They include
one personnel interviewer, two jun
ior chemists, one mechanical engi
neer, trainees in grocery products
sales, trainees in fresh milk and ice
cream sales, trainees in feed sales,
trainees in evaporated milk produc
tion, milling production, and ac
counting and/or office management.
Wallace Jamis of the Carnation
Company will be at the Placement
Service today to interview students
for nine various openings in the
Carnation Company. They include
one personnel interviewer, two jun
ior chemists, one mechanical engi
neer, trainees in grocery products
sales, trainees in fresh milk and ice
cream sales, trainees in feed sales,
trainees in evaporated milk produc
tion, milling production, and ac
counting and/or office management.
Wallace Jamis of the Carnation
Company will be at the Placement
Service today to interview students
for nine various openings in the
Carnation Company. They include
one personnel interviewer, two jun
ior chemists, one mechanical engi
neer, trainees in grocery products
sales, trainees in fresh milk and ice
cream sales, trainees in feed sales,
trainees in evaporated milk produc
tion, milling production, and ac
counting and/or office management.
