# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Paul Larson, California quarterback,
holds the record for most pass
completions in a Big Game. Larson
completed 13 in last year's 21-21 tie.
Paul Larson, California quarterback,
holds the record for most pass
completions in a Big Game. Larson
completed 13 in last year's 21-21 tie.
Paul Larson, California quarterback,
holds the record for most pass
completions in a Big Game. Larson
completed 13 in last year's 21-21 tie.
Paul Larson, California quarterback,
holds the record for most pass
completions in a Big Game. Larson
completed 13 in last year's 21-21 tie.
Paul Larson, California quarterback,
holds the record for most pass
completions in a Big Game. Larson
completed 13 in last year's 21-21 tie.
Paul Larson, California quarterback,
holds the record for most pass
completions in a Big Game. Larson
completed 13 in last year's 21-21 tie.
Paul Larson, California quarterback,
holds the record for most pass
completions in a Big Game. Larson
completed 13 in last year's 21-21 tie.
Paul Larson, California quarterback,
holds the record for most pass
completions in a Big Game. Larson
completed 13 in last year's 21-21 tie.
Paul Larson, California quarterback,
holds the record for most pass
completions in a Big Game. Larson
completed 13 in last year's 21-21 tie.
Paul Larson, California quarterback,
holds the record for most pass
completions in a Big Game. Larson
completed 13 in last year's 21-21 tie.
Paul Larson, California quarterback,
holds the record for most pass
completions in a Big Game. Larson
completed 13 in last year's 21-21 tie.
Paul Larson, California quarterback,
holds the record for most pass
completions in a Big Game. Larson
completed 13 in last year's 21-21 tie.
Paul Larson, California quarterback,
holds the record for most pass
completions in a Big Game. Larson
completed 13 in last year's 21-21 tie.
Paul Larson, California quarterback,
holds the record for most pass
completions in a Big Game. Larson
completed 13 in last year's 21-21 tie.
