# END OF DROUTH
## 
### 
In 1C25 Stanford won its first
American football victory over Cal
in 20 years.
In 1C25 Stanford won its first
American football victory over Cal
in 20 years.
In 1C25 Stanford won its first
American football victory over Cal
in 20 years.
In 1C25 Stanford won its first
American football victory over Cal
in 20 years.
In 1C25 Stanford won its first
American football victory over Cal
in 20 years.
In 1C25 Stanford won its first
American football victory over Cal
in 20 years.
In 1C25 Stanford won its first
American football victory over Cal
in 20 years.
In 1C25 Stanford won its first
American football victory over Cal
in 20 years.
In 1C25 Stanford won its first
American football victory over Cal
in 20 years.
In 1C25 Stanford won its first
American football victory over Cal
in 20 years.
In 1C25 Stanford won its first
American football victory over Cal
in 20 years.
In 1C25 Stanford won its first
American football victory over Cal
in 20 years.
In 1C25 Stanford won its first
American football victory over Cal
in 20 years.
In 1C25 Stanford won its first
American football victory over Cal
in 20 years.
