# California Has Had But 13 Losing Seasons
## 
### 
In their 71 years of collegiate
football California's Golden Bears
have had only 13 losing seasons and
only two seasons of .500 ball. The
low point in California grid success
came from 1939 to 194G when the
Bears lost more than they won in
every one of those seasons.
Stanford, on the other hand, has
had only seven years when they
didn't win more than half their
games. These lean periods never
lasted longer than two consecutive
seasons, in 1938 and '39 and in 1947
and '48.
California has had only three
years since 1882 when it failed to
win a game. They were 1891, 1894,
and 1897. The Bears did achieve ties
in the latter two seasons, however.
Stanford's only all-losing year came
in 1947 when the Cards dropped nine
straight contests.
