# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Carl Schott, a third-string end for
Stanford, leaped from obscurity to
fame in the 1934 Big Game. Schott
blocked two Cal punts and then
booted a field goal which provided
the Indians' margin of victory, 9
to 7.
Carl Schott, a third-string end for
Stanford, leaped from obscurity to
fame in the 1934 Big Game. Schott
blocked two Cal punts and then
booted a field goal which provided
the Indians' margin of victory, 9
to 7.
Carl Schott, a third-string end for
Stanford, leaped from obscurity to
fame in the 1934 Big Game. Schott
blocked two Cal punts and then
booted a field goal which provided
the Indians' margin of victory, 9
to 7.
Carl Schott, a third-string end for
Stanford, leaped from obscurity to
fame in the 1934 Big Game. Schott
blocked two Cal punts and then
booted a field goal which provided
the Indians' margin of victory, 9
to 7.
Carl Schott, a third-string end for
Stanford, leaped from obscurity to
fame in the 1934 Big Game. Schott
blocked two Cal punts and then
booted a field goal which provided
the Indians' margin of victory, 9
to 7.
Carl Schott, a third-string end for
Stanford, leaped from obscurity to
fame in the 1934 Big Game. Schott
blocked two Cal punts and then
booted a field goal which provided
the Indians' margin of victory, 9
to 7.
Carl Schott, a third-string end for
Stanford, leaped from obscurity to
fame in the 1934 Big Game. Schott
blocked two Cal punts and then
booted a field goal which provided
the Indians' margin of victory, 9
to 7.
Carl Schott, a third-string end for
Stanford, leaped from obscurity to
fame in the 1934 Big Game. Schott
blocked two Cal punts and then
booted a field goal which provided
the Indians' margin of victory, 9
to 7.
Carl Schott, a third-string end for
Stanford, leaped from obscurity to
fame in the 1934 Big Game. Schott
blocked two Cal punts and then
booted a field goal which provided
the Indians' margin of victory, 9
to 7.
Carl Schott, a third-string end for
Stanford, leaped from obscurity to
fame in the 1934 Big Game. Schott
blocked two Cal punts and then
booted a field goal which provided
the Indians' margin of victory, 9
to 7.
Carl Schott, a third-string end for
Stanford, leaped from obscurity to
fame in the 1934 Big Game. Schott
blocked two Cal punts and then
booted a field goal which provided
the Indians' margin of victory, 9
to 7.
Carl Schott, a third-string end for
Stanford, leaped from obscurity to
fame in the 1934 Big Game. Schott
blocked two Cal punts and then
booted a field goal which provided
the Indians' margin of victory, 9
to 7.
Carl Schott, a third-string end for
Stanford, leaped from obscurity to
fame in the 1934 Big Game. Schott
blocked two Cal punts and then
booted a field goal which provided
the Indians' margin of victory, 9
to 7.
Carl Schott, a third-string end for
Stanford, leaped from obscurity to
fame in the 1934 Big Game. Schott
blocked two Cal punts and then
booted a field goal which provided
the Indians' margin of victory, 9
to 7.
