# Board Sanctions Row Pledge Meals
## 
### 
Interfraternity Board of Control
ruled yesterday that pledges can eat
at their houses on Saturday and, if
in a body, one other meal a week.
Chairman Ed Liltlefield appointed a
committee to investigate the cur
rent Row situation.
Thursday's meeting of the Inter
fraternity Council will discuss the
possible revision of rules.
• • « • • • • • • • # •
Interfraternity Board of Control
ruled yesterday that pledges can eat
at their houses on Saturday and, if
in a body, one other meal a week.
Chairman Ed Liltlefield appointed a
committee to investigate the cur
rent Row situation.
Thursday's meeting of the Inter
fraternity Council will discuss the
possible revision of rules.
• • « • • • • • • • # •
Interfraternity Board of Control
ruled yesterday that pledges can eat
at their houses on Saturday and, if
in a body, one other meal a week.
Chairman Ed Liltlefield appointed a
committee to investigate the cur
rent Row situation.
Thursday's meeting of the Inter
fraternity Council will discuss the
possible revision of rules.
• • « • • • • • • • # •
Interfraternity Board of Control
ruled yesterday that pledges can eat
at their houses on Saturday and, if
in a body, one other meal a week.
Chairman Ed Liltlefield appointed a
committee to investigate the cur
rent Row situation.
Thursday's meeting of the Inter
fraternity Council will discuss the
possible revision of rules.
• • « • • • • • • • # •
Interfraternity Board of Control
ruled yesterday that pledges can eat
at their houses on Saturday and, if
in a body, one other meal a week.
Chairman Ed Liltlefield appointed a
committee to investigate the cur
rent Row situation.
Thursday's meeting of the Inter
fraternity Council will discuss the
possible revision of rules.
• • « • • • • • • • # •
Interfraternity Board of Control
ruled yesterday that pledges can eat
at their houses on Saturday and, if
in a body, one other meal a week.
Chairman Ed Liltlefield appointed a
committee to investigate the cur
rent Row situation.
Thursday's meeting of the Inter
fraternity Council will discuss the
possible revision of rules.
• • « • • • • • • • # •
Interfraternity Board of Control
ruled yesterday that pledges can eat
at their houses on Saturday and, if
in a body, one other meal a week.
Chairman Ed Liltlefield appointed a
committee to investigate the cur
rent Row situation.
Thursday's meeting of the Inter
fraternity Council will discuss the
possible revision of rules.
• • « • • • • • • • # •
Interfraternity Board of Control
ruled yesterday that pledges can eat
at their houses on Saturday and, if
in a body, one other meal a week.
Chairman Ed Liltlefield appointed a
committee to investigate the cur
rent Row situation.
Thursday's meeting of the Inter
fraternity Council will discuss the
possible revision of rules.
• • « • • • • • • • # •
Interfraternity Board of Control
ruled yesterday that pledges can eat
at their houses on Saturday and, if
in a body, one other meal a week.
Chairman Ed Liltlefield appointed a
committee to investigate the cur
rent Row situation.
Thursday's meeting of the Inter
fraternity Council will discuss the
possible revision of rules.
• • « • • • • • • • # •
Interfraternity Board of Control
ruled yesterday that pledges can eat
at their houses on Saturday and, if
in a body, one other meal a week.
Chairman Ed Liltlefield appointed a
committee to investigate the cur
rent Row situation.
Thursday's meeting of the Inter
fraternity Council will discuss the
possible revision of rules.
• • « • • • • • • • # •
Interfraternity Board of Control
ruled yesterday that pledges can eat
at their houses on Saturday and, if
in a body, one other meal a week.
Chairman Ed Liltlefield appointed a
committee to investigate the cur
rent Row situation.
Thursday's meeting of the Inter
fraternity Council will discuss the
possible revision of rules.
• • « • • • • • • • # •
Interfraternity Board of Control
ruled yesterday that pledges can eat
at their houses on Saturday and, if
in a body, one other meal a week.
Chairman Ed Liltlefield appointed a
committee to investigate the cur
rent Row situation.
Thursday's meeting of the Inter
fraternity Council will discuss the
possible revision of rules.
• • « • • • • • • • # •
Interfraternity Board of Control
ruled yesterday that pledges can eat
at their houses on Saturday and, if
in a body, one other meal a week.
Chairman Ed Liltlefield appointed a
committee to investigate the cur
rent Row situation.
Thursday's meeting of the Inter
fraternity Council will discuss the
possible revision of rules.
• • « • • • • • • • # •
Interfraternity Board of Control
ruled yesterday that pledges can eat
at their houses on Saturday and, if
in a body, one other meal a week.
Chairman Ed Liltlefield appointed a
committee to investigate the cur
rent Row situation.
Thursday's meeting of the Inter
fraternity Council will discuss the
possible revision of rules.
• • « • • • • • • • # •
Interfraternity Board of Control
ruled yesterday that pledges can eat
at their houses on Saturday and, if
in a body, one other meal a week.
Chairman Ed Liltlefield appointed a
committee to investigate the cur
rent Row situation.
Thursday's meeting of the Inter
fraternity Council will discuss the
possible revision of rules.
• • « • • • • • • • # •
Interfraternity Board of Control
ruled yesterday that pledges can eat
at their houses on Saturday and, if
in a body, one other meal a week.
Chairman Ed Liltlefield appointed a
committee to investigate the cur
rent Row situation.
Thursday's meeting of the Inter
fraternity Council will discuss the
possible revision of rules.
• • « • • • • • • • # •
