# DEADLINE FOR TICKETS
## 
### 
Today is the last day to pur
chase rooters' ticket for the
U.S.C.-Stanford basketball se
ries. to be played here Friday
and Saturday nights. Tickets,
priced at 10 cents, may be had
at the B.A.C.
Today is the last day to pur
chase rooters' ticket for the
U.S.C.-Stanford basketball se
ries. to be played here Friday
and Saturday nights. Tickets,
priced at 10 cents, may be had
at the B.A.C.
Today is the last day to pur
chase rooters' ticket for the
U.S.C.-Stanford basketball se
ries. to be played here Friday
and Saturday nights. Tickets,
priced at 10 cents, may be had
at the B.A.C.
Today is the last day to pur
chase rooters' ticket for the
U.S.C.-Stanford basketball se
ries. to be played here Friday
and Saturday nights. Tickets,
priced at 10 cents, may be had
at the B.A.C.
Today is the last day to pur
chase rooters' ticket for the
U.S.C.-Stanford basketball se
ries. to be played here Friday
and Saturday nights. Tickets,
priced at 10 cents, may be had
at the B.A.C.
Today is the last day to pur
chase rooters' ticket for the
U.S.C.-Stanford basketball se
ries. to be played here Friday
and Saturday nights. Tickets,
priced at 10 cents, may be had
at the B.A.C.
Today is the last day to pur
chase rooters' ticket for the
U.S.C.-Stanford basketball se
ries. to be played here Friday
and Saturday nights. Tickets,
priced at 10 cents, may be had
at the B.A.C.
Today is the last day to pur
chase rooters' ticket for the
U.S.C.-Stanford basketball se
ries. to be played here Friday
and Saturday nights. Tickets,
priced at 10 cents, may be had
at the B.A.C.
Today is the last day to pur
chase rooters' ticket for the
U.S.C.-Stanford basketball se
ries. to be played here Friday
and Saturday nights. Tickets,
priced at 10 cents, may be had
at the B.A.C.
Today is the last day to pur
chase rooters' ticket for the
U.S.C.-Stanford basketball se
ries. to be played here Friday
and Saturday nights. Tickets,
priced at 10 cents, may be had
at the B.A.C.
Today is the last day to pur
chase rooters' ticket for the
U.S.C.-Stanford basketball se
ries. to be played here Friday
and Saturday nights. Tickets,
priced at 10 cents, may be had
at the B.A.C.
Today is the last day to pur
chase rooters' ticket for the
U.S.C.-Stanford basketball se
ries. to be played here Friday
and Saturday nights. Tickets,
priced at 10 cents, may be had
at the B.A.C.
Today is the last day to pur
chase rooters' ticket for the
U.S.C.-Stanford basketball se
ries. to be played here Friday
and Saturday nights. Tickets,
priced at 10 cents, may be had
at the B.A.C.
Today is the last day to pur
chase rooters' ticket for the
U.S.C.-Stanford basketball se
ries. to be played here Friday
and Saturday nights. Tickets,
priced at 10 cents, may be had
at the B.A.C.
Today is the last day to pur
chase rooters' ticket for the
U.S.C.-Stanford basketball se
ries. to be played here Friday
and Saturday nights. Tickets,
priced at 10 cents, may be had
at the B.A.C.
Today is the last day to pur
chase rooters' ticket for the
U.S.C.-Stanford basketball se
ries. to be played here Friday
and Saturday nights. Tickets,
priced at 10 cents, may be had
at the B.A.C.
