# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Twenty-three of the fifty-six sinners
of tile Declaration of Independence
were college men.
Twenty-three of the fifty-six sinners
of tile Declaration of Independence
were college men.
Twenty-three of the fifty-six sinners
of tile Declaration of Independence
were college men.
Twenty-three of the fifty-six sinners
of tile Declaration of Independence
were college men.
Twenty-three of the fifty-six sinners
of tile Declaration of Independence
were college men.
Twenty-three of the fifty-six sinners
of tile Declaration of Independence
were college men.
Twenty-three of the fifty-six sinners
of tile Declaration of Independence
were college men.
Twenty-three of the fifty-six sinners
of tile Declaration of Independence
were college men.
Twenty-three of the fifty-six sinners
of tile Declaration of Independence
were college men.
Twenty-three of the fifty-six sinners
of tile Declaration of Independence
were college men.
Twenty-three of the fifty-six sinners
of tile Declaration of Independence
were college men.
Twenty-three of the fifty-six sinners
of tile Declaration of Independence
were college men.
Twenty-three of the fifty-six sinners
of tile Declaration of Independence
were college men.
Twenty-three of the fifty-six sinners
of tile Declaration of Independence
were college men.
