# Women's Fencing Class To Hold First Meeting Tonight
## 
### 
A private class of fencing for wo
men organized by Coach Harry Ma
loney will hold its first meeting
this evening at 7:30 o'clock in the
Roble Gymnasium. It was originally
planned by Maloney to have two
classes: one, meeting Monday and
Wednesday nights; and the other,
meeting Tuesday and Thursday
nights. The Tuesday and Thursday
classes have been abandoned.
A Kansan was killed in Pueblo,
Colo., by a 10-year-old boy who was
hunting birds.
A private class of fencing for wo
men organized by Coach Harry Ma
loney will hold its first meeting
this evening at 7:30 o'clock in the
Roble Gymnasium. It was originally
planned by Maloney to have two
classes: one, meeting Monday and
Wednesday nights; and the other,
meeting Tuesday and Thursday
nights. The Tuesday and Thursday
classes have been abandoned.
A Kansan was killed in Pueblo,
Colo., by a 10-year-old boy who was
hunting birds.
A private class of fencing for wo
men organized by Coach Harry Ma
loney will hold its first meeting
this evening at 7:30 o'clock in the
Roble Gymnasium. It was originally
planned by Maloney to have two
classes: one, meeting Monday and
Wednesday nights; and the other,
meeting Tuesday and Thursday
nights. The Tuesday and Thursday
classes have been abandoned.
A Kansan was killed in Pueblo,
Colo., by a 10-year-old boy who was
hunting birds.
A private class of fencing for wo
men organized by Coach Harry Ma
loney will hold its first meeting
this evening at 7:30 o'clock in the
Roble Gymnasium. It was originally
planned by Maloney to have two
classes: one, meeting Monday and
Wednesday nights; and the other,
meeting Tuesday and Thursday
nights. The Tuesday and Thursday
classes have been abandoned.
A Kansan was killed in Pueblo,
Colo., by a 10-year-old boy who was
hunting birds.
A private class of fencing for wo
men organized by Coach Harry Ma
loney will hold its first meeting
this evening at 7:30 o'clock in the
Roble Gymnasium. It was originally
planned by Maloney to have two
classes: one, meeting Monday and
Wednesday nights; and the other,
meeting Tuesday and Thursday
nights. The Tuesday and Thursday
classes have been abandoned.
A Kansan was killed in Pueblo,
Colo., by a 10-year-old boy who was
hunting birds.
A private class of fencing for wo
men organized by Coach Harry Ma
loney will hold its first meeting
this evening at 7:30 o'clock in the
Roble Gymnasium. It was originally
planned by Maloney to have two
classes: one, meeting Monday and
Wednesday nights; and the other,
meeting Tuesday and Thursday
nights. The Tuesday and Thursday
classes have been abandoned.
A Kansan was killed in Pueblo,
Colo., by a 10-year-old boy who was
hunting birds.
A private class of fencing for wo
men organized by Coach Harry Ma
loney will hold its first meeting
this evening at 7:30 o'clock in the
Roble Gymnasium. It was originally
planned by Maloney to have two
classes: one, meeting Monday and
Wednesday nights; and the other,
meeting Tuesday and Thursday
nights. The Tuesday and Thursday
classes have been abandoned.
A Kansan was killed in Pueblo,
Colo., by a 10-year-old boy who was
hunting birds.
A private class of fencing for wo
men organized by Coach Harry Ma
loney will hold its first meeting
this evening at 7:30 o'clock in the
Roble Gymnasium. It was originally
planned by Maloney to have two
classes: one, meeting Monday and
Wednesday nights; and the other,
meeting Tuesday and Thursday
nights. The Tuesday and Thursday
classes have been abandoned.
A Kansan was killed in Pueblo,
Colo., by a 10-year-old boy who was
hunting birds.
A private class of fencing for wo
men organized by Coach Harry Ma
loney will hold its first meeting
this evening at 7:30 o'clock in the
Roble Gymnasium. It was originally
planned by Maloney to have two
classes: one, meeting Monday and
Wednesday nights; and the other,
meeting Tuesday and Thursday
nights. The Tuesday and Thursday
classes have been abandoned.
A Kansan was killed in Pueblo,
Colo., by a 10-year-old boy who was
hunting birds.
A private class of fencing for wo
men organized by Coach Harry Ma
loney will hold its first meeting
this evening at 7:30 o'clock in the
Roble Gymnasium. It was originally
planned by Maloney to have two
classes: one, meeting Monday and
Wednesday nights; and the other,
meeting Tuesday and Thursday
nights. The Tuesday and Thursday
classes have been abandoned.
A Kansan was killed in Pueblo,
Colo., by a 10-year-old boy who was
hunting birds.
A private class of fencing for wo
men organized by Coach Harry Ma
loney will hold its first meeting
this evening at 7:30 o'clock in the
Roble Gymnasium. It was originally
planned by Maloney to have two
classes: one, meeting Monday and
Wednesday nights; and the other,
meeting Tuesday and Thursday
nights. The Tuesday and Thursday
classes have been abandoned.
A Kansan was killed in Pueblo,
Colo., by a 10-year-old boy who was
hunting birds.
A private class of fencing for wo
men organized by Coach Harry Ma
loney will hold its first meeting
this evening at 7:30 o'clock in the
Roble Gymnasium. It was originally
planned by Maloney to have two
classes: one, meeting Monday and
Wednesday nights; and the other,
meeting Tuesday and Thursday
nights. The Tuesday and Thursday
classes have been abandoned.
A Kansan was killed in Pueblo,
Colo., by a 10-year-old boy who was
hunting birds.
A private class of fencing for wo
men organized by Coach Harry Ma
loney will hold its first meeting
this evening at 7:30 o'clock in the
Roble Gymnasium. It was originally
planned by Maloney to have two
classes: one, meeting Monday and
Wednesday nights; and the other,
meeting Tuesday and Thursday
nights. The Tuesday and Thursday
classes have been abandoned.
A Kansan was killed in Pueblo,
Colo., by a 10-year-old boy who was
hunting birds.
A private class of fencing for wo
men organized by Coach Harry Ma
loney will hold its first meeting
this evening at 7:30 o'clock in the
Roble Gymnasium. It was originally
planned by Maloney to have two
classes: one, meeting Monday and
Wednesday nights; and the other,
meeting Tuesday and Thursday
nights. The Tuesday and Thursday
classes have been abandoned.
A Kansan was killed in Pueblo,
Colo., by a 10-year-old boy who was
hunting birds.
A private class of fencing for wo
men organized by Coach Harry Ma
loney will hold its first meeting
this evening at 7:30 o'clock in the
Roble Gymnasium. It was originally
planned by Maloney to have two
classes: one, meeting Monday and
Wednesday nights; and the other,
meeting Tuesday and Thursday
nights. The Tuesday and Thursday
classes have been abandoned.
A Kansan was killed in Pueblo,
Colo., by a 10-year-old boy who was
hunting birds.
A private class of fencing for wo
men organized by Coach Harry Ma
loney will hold its first meeting
this evening at 7:30 o'clock in the
Roble Gymnasium. It was originally
planned by Maloney to have two
classes: one, meeting Monday and
Wednesday nights; and the other,
meeting Tuesday and Thursday
nights. The Tuesday and Thursday
classes have been abandoned.
A Kansan was killed in Pueblo,
Colo., by a 10-year-old boy who was
hunting birds.
