# CHINESE STUDENT WHO GRADUATED IN '25 DIES
## 
### 
H. C. Wong, '25, died in Canton,
China, last month, according to a let
ter received by his elder brother,
Wong Gee, president of The Young
China, a Chinese daily in San Fran
cisco.

Wong came to Stanford in 1921.
After he received his A.B. in 1925 he
continued to take his graduate course
in the Chemistry department until
last spring when he finished all the
requirements for his doctor's degree.
He left, for China three months ago
H. C. Wong, '25, died in Canton,
China, last month, according to a let
ter received by his elder brother,
Wong Gee, president of The Young
China, a Chinese daily in San Fran
cisco.

Wong came to Stanford in 1921.
After he received his A.B. in 1925 he
continued to take his graduate course
in the Chemistry department until
last spring when he finished all the
requirements for his doctor's degree.
He left, for China three months ago
H. C. Wong, '25, died in Canton,
China, last month, according to a let
ter received by his elder brother,
Wong Gee, president of The Young
China, a Chinese daily in San Fran
cisco.

Wong came to Stanford in 1921.
After he received his A.B. in 1925 he
continued to take his graduate course
in the Chemistry department until
last spring when he finished all the
requirements for his doctor's degree.
He left, for China three months ago
H. C. Wong, '25, died in Canton,
China, last month, according to a let
ter received by his elder brother,
Wong Gee, president of The Young
China, a Chinese daily in San Fran
cisco.

Wong came to Stanford in 1921.
After he received his A.B. in 1925 he
continued to take his graduate course
in the Chemistry department until
last spring when he finished all the
requirements for his doctor's degree.
He left, for China three months ago
H. C. Wong, '25, died in Canton,
China, last month, according to a let
ter received by his elder brother,
Wong Gee, president of The Young
China, a Chinese daily in San Fran
cisco.

Wong came to Stanford in 1921.
After he received his A.B. in 1925 he
continued to take his graduate course
in the Chemistry department until
last spring when he finished all the
requirements for his doctor's degree.
He left, for China three months ago
H. C. Wong, '25, died in Canton,
China, last month, according to a let
ter received by his elder brother,
Wong Gee, president of The Young
China, a Chinese daily in San Fran
cisco.

Wong came to Stanford in 1921.
After he received his A.B. in 1925 he
continued to take his graduate course
in the Chemistry department until
last spring when he finished all the
requirements for his doctor's degree.
He left, for China three months ago
H. C. Wong, '25, died in Canton,
China, last month, according to a let
ter received by his elder brother,
Wong Gee, president of The Young
China, a Chinese daily in San Fran
cisco.

Wong came to Stanford in 1921.
After he received his A.B. in 1925 he
continued to take his graduate course
in the Chemistry department until
last spring when he finished all the
requirements for his doctor's degree.
He left, for China three months ago
H. C. Wong, '25, died in Canton,
China, last month, according to a let
ter received by his elder brother,
Wong Gee, president of The Young
China, a Chinese daily in San Fran
cisco.

Wong came to Stanford in 1921.
After he received his A.B. in 1925 he
continued to take his graduate course
in the Chemistry department until
last spring when he finished all the
requirements for his doctor's degree.
He left, for China three months ago
H. C. Wong, '25, died in Canton,
China, last month, according to a let
ter received by his elder brother,
Wong Gee, president of The Young
China, a Chinese daily in San Fran
cisco.

Wong came to Stanford in 1921.
After he received his A.B. in 1925 he
continued to take his graduate course
in the Chemistry department until
last spring when he finished all the
requirements for his doctor's degree.
He left, for China three months ago
H. C. Wong, '25, died in Canton,
China, last month, according to a let
ter received by his elder brother,
Wong Gee, president of The Young
China, a Chinese daily in San Fran
cisco.

Wong came to Stanford in 1921.
After he received his A.B. in 1925 he
continued to take his graduate course
in the Chemistry department until
last spring when he finished all the
requirements for his doctor's degree.
He left, for China three months ago
H. C. Wong, '25, died in Canton,
China, last month, according to a let
ter received by his elder brother,
Wong Gee, president of The Young
China, a Chinese daily in San Fran
cisco.

Wong came to Stanford in 1921.
After he received his A.B. in 1925 he
continued to take his graduate course
in the Chemistry department until
last spring when he finished all the
requirements for his doctor's degree.
He left, for China three months ago
H. C. Wong, '25, died in Canton,
China, last month, according to a let
ter received by his elder brother,
Wong Gee, president of The Young
China, a Chinese daily in San Fran
cisco.

Wong came to Stanford in 1921.
After he received his A.B. in 1925 he
continued to take his graduate course
in the Chemistry department until
last spring when he finished all the
requirements for his doctor's degree.
He left, for China three months ago
H. C. Wong, '25, died in Canton,
China, last month, according to a let
ter received by his elder brother,
Wong Gee, president of The Young
China, a Chinese daily in San Fran
cisco.

Wong came to Stanford in 1921.
After he received his A.B. in 1925 he
continued to take his graduate course
in the Chemistry department until
last spring when he finished all the
requirements for his doctor's degree.
He left, for China three months ago
H. C. Wong, '25, died in Canton,
China, last month, according to a let
ter received by his elder brother,
Wong Gee, president of The Young
China, a Chinese daily in San Fran
cisco.

Wong came to Stanford in 1921.
After he received his A.B. in 1925 he
continued to take his graduate course
in the Chemistry department until
last spring when he finished all the
requirements for his doctor's degree.
He left, for China three months ago
H. C. Wong, '25, died in Canton,
China, last month, according to a let
ter received by his elder brother,
Wong Gee, president of The Young
China, a Chinese daily in San Fran
cisco.

Wong came to Stanford in 1921.
After he received his A.B. in 1925 he
continued to take his graduate course
in the Chemistry department until
last spring when he finished all the
requirements for his doctor's degree.
He left, for China three months ago
H. C. Wong, '25, died in Canton,
China, last month, according to a let
ter received by his elder brother,
Wong Gee, president of The Young
China, a Chinese daily in San Fran
cisco.

Wong came to Stanford in 1921.
After he received his A.B. in 1925 he
continued to take his graduate course
in the Chemistry department until
last spring when he finished all the
requirements for his doctor's degree.
He left, for China three months ago
