# DR. PATTON PREACHES ON PARABLE OF SOWER
## 
### 
The Rev. Carl S. Patton, D.D., of
Chicago, who preached in the Me
morial Church Sunday, based his ser
mon on the parable of the sower. He
likened the world to the soil and
every individual in it to the sower.
He kept the simile throughout his
sermon, making comparisons and
pointing out that it is "our business
to sow ideas, good ideas," that "suc
cess requires no explanation but fail
ure does," that there is an "ever
present problem of evil, but no prob
lem of good."
Dr. Patton will preach his final ser
mon in the Memorial Church next
Sunday, July 15.
The Rev. Carl S. Patton, D.D., of
Chicago, who preached in the Me
morial Church Sunday, based his ser
mon on the parable of the sower. He
likened the world to the soil and
every individual in it to the sower.
He kept the simile throughout his
sermon, making comparisons and
pointing out that it is "our business
to sow ideas, good ideas," that "suc
cess requires no explanation but fail
ure does," that there is an "ever
present problem of evil, but no prob
lem of good."
Dr. Patton will preach his final ser
mon in the Memorial Church next
Sunday, July 15.
The Rev. Carl S. Patton, D.D., of
Chicago, who preached in the Me
morial Church Sunday, based his ser
mon on the parable of the sower. He
likened the world to the soil and
every individual in it to the sower.
He kept the simile throughout his
sermon, making comparisons and
pointing out that it is "our business
to sow ideas, good ideas," that "suc
cess requires no explanation but fail
ure does," that there is an "ever
present problem of evil, but no prob
lem of good."
Dr. Patton will preach his final ser
mon in the Memorial Church next
Sunday, July 15.
The Rev. Carl S. Patton, D.D., of
Chicago, who preached in the Me
morial Church Sunday, based his ser
mon on the parable of the sower. He
likened the world to the soil and
every individual in it to the sower.
He kept the simile throughout his
sermon, making comparisons and
pointing out that it is "our business
to sow ideas, good ideas," that "suc
cess requires no explanation but fail
ure does," that there is an "ever
present problem of evil, but no prob
lem of good."
Dr. Patton will preach his final ser
mon in the Memorial Church next
Sunday, July 15.
The Rev. Carl S. Patton, D.D., of
Chicago, who preached in the Me
morial Church Sunday, based his ser
mon on the parable of the sower. He
likened the world to the soil and
every individual in it to the sower.
He kept the simile throughout his
sermon, making comparisons and
pointing out that it is "our business
to sow ideas, good ideas," that "suc
cess requires no explanation but fail
ure does," that there is an "ever
present problem of evil, but no prob
lem of good."
Dr. Patton will preach his final ser
mon in the Memorial Church next
Sunday, July 15.
The Rev. Carl S. Patton, D.D., of
Chicago, who preached in the Me
morial Church Sunday, based his ser
mon on the parable of the sower. He
likened the world to the soil and
every individual in it to the sower.
He kept the simile throughout his
sermon, making comparisons and
pointing out that it is "our business
to sow ideas, good ideas," that "suc
cess requires no explanation but fail
ure does," that there is an "ever
present problem of evil, but no prob
lem of good."
Dr. Patton will preach his final ser
mon in the Memorial Church next
Sunday, July 15.
The Rev. Carl S. Patton, D.D., of
Chicago, who preached in the Me
morial Church Sunday, based his ser
mon on the parable of the sower. He
likened the world to the soil and
every individual in it to the sower.
He kept the simile throughout his
sermon, making comparisons and
pointing out that it is "our business
to sow ideas, good ideas," that "suc
cess requires no explanation but fail
ure does," that there is an "ever
present problem of evil, but no prob
lem of good."
Dr. Patton will preach his final ser
mon in the Memorial Church next
Sunday, July 15.
The Rev. Carl S. Patton, D.D., of
Chicago, who preached in the Me
morial Church Sunday, based his ser
mon on the parable of the sower. He
likened the world to the soil and
every individual in it to the sower.
He kept the simile throughout his
sermon, making comparisons and
pointing out that it is "our business
to sow ideas, good ideas," that "suc
cess requires no explanation but fail
ure does," that there is an "ever
present problem of evil, but no prob
lem of good."
Dr. Patton will preach his final ser
mon in the Memorial Church next
Sunday, July 15.
The Rev. Carl S. Patton, D.D., of
Chicago, who preached in the Me
morial Church Sunday, based his ser
mon on the parable of the sower. He
likened the world to the soil and
every individual in it to the sower.
He kept the simile throughout his
sermon, making comparisons and
pointing out that it is "our business
to sow ideas, good ideas," that "suc
cess requires no explanation but fail
ure does," that there is an "ever
present problem of evil, but no prob
lem of good."
Dr. Patton will preach his final ser
mon in the Memorial Church next
Sunday, July 15.
The Rev. Carl S. Patton, D.D., of
Chicago, who preached in the Me
morial Church Sunday, based his ser
mon on the parable of the sower. He
likened the world to the soil and
every individual in it to the sower.
He kept the simile throughout his
sermon, making comparisons and
pointing out that it is "our business
to sow ideas, good ideas," that "suc
cess requires no explanation but fail
ure does," that there is an "ever
present problem of evil, but no prob
lem of good."
Dr. Patton will preach his final ser
mon in the Memorial Church next
Sunday, July 15.
The Rev. Carl S. Patton, D.D., of
Chicago, who preached in the Me
morial Church Sunday, based his ser
mon on the parable of the sower. He
likened the world to the soil and
every individual in it to the sower.
He kept the simile throughout his
sermon, making comparisons and
pointing out that it is "our business
to sow ideas, good ideas," that "suc
cess requires no explanation but fail
ure does," that there is an "ever
present problem of evil, but no prob
lem of good."
Dr. Patton will preach his final ser
mon in the Memorial Church next
Sunday, July 15.
The Rev. Carl S. Patton, D.D., of
Chicago, who preached in the Me
morial Church Sunday, based his ser
mon on the parable of the sower. He
likened the world to the soil and
every individual in it to the sower.
He kept the simile throughout his
sermon, making comparisons and
pointing out that it is "our business
to sow ideas, good ideas," that "suc
cess requires no explanation but fail
ure does," that there is an "ever
present problem of evil, but no prob
lem of good."
Dr. Patton will preach his final ser
mon in the Memorial Church next
Sunday, July 15.
The Rev. Carl S. Patton, D.D., of
Chicago, who preached in the Me
morial Church Sunday, based his ser
mon on the parable of the sower. He
likened the world to the soil and
every individual in it to the sower.
He kept the simile throughout his
sermon, making comparisons and
pointing out that it is "our business
to sow ideas, good ideas," that "suc
cess requires no explanation but fail
ure does," that there is an "ever
present problem of evil, but no prob
lem of good."
Dr. Patton will preach his final ser
mon in the Memorial Church next
Sunday, July 15.
The Rev. Carl S. Patton, D.D., of
Chicago, who preached in the Me
morial Church Sunday, based his ser
mon on the parable of the sower. He
likened the world to the soil and
every individual in it to the sower.
He kept the simile throughout his
sermon, making comparisons and
pointing out that it is "our business
to sow ideas, good ideas," that "suc
cess requires no explanation but fail
ure does," that there is an "ever
present problem of evil, but no prob
lem of good."
Dr. Patton will preach his final ser
mon in the Memorial Church next
Sunday, July 15.
The Rev. Carl S. Patton, D.D., of
Chicago, who preached in the Me
morial Church Sunday, based his ser
mon on the parable of the sower. He
likened the world to the soil and
every individual in it to the sower.
He kept the simile throughout his
sermon, making comparisons and
pointing out that it is "our business
to sow ideas, good ideas," that "suc
cess requires no explanation but fail
ure does," that there is an "ever
present problem of evil, but no prob
lem of good."
Dr. Patton will preach his final ser
mon in the Memorial Church next
Sunday, July 15.
The Rev. Carl S. Patton, D.D., of
Chicago, who preached in the Me
morial Church Sunday, based his ser
mon on the parable of the sower. He
likened the world to the soil and
every individual in it to the sower.
He kept the simile throughout his
sermon, making comparisons and
pointing out that it is "our business
to sow ideas, good ideas," that "suc
cess requires no explanation but fail
ure does," that there is an "ever
present problem of evil, but no prob
lem of good."
Dr. Patton will preach his final ser
mon in the Memorial Church next
Sunday, July 15.
