# Crossword
## 
### 
ACROSS
1 Given by
5 Milton or Shelley
10 2004 Best Actor
1 lamp
15 Rocker's place
16Top
17 Had too much
18 Comforting words
19 Midas competitor
20 Lawyer after too
much coffee?
23 Military response
24 Came with
28 Bowie's scientist
role in The
Prestige"
32 "I'm just boy, I
need no
sympathy":
"Bohemian
Rhapsody"
33 Bank worker that
never takes time
off
36 A day at the
spa?
39 Snub, say
41 First U.S.
multimillionaire
42 Draft status
43 George, Abe et
al.?
46 Prime meridian
std.
47 Pianist Claudio
48 Ruby's spouse
50 Welcome site
53 Onetime "SCTV
head writer
Harold
57 Place to find both
parts of 20-, 36-
and 43-Across
61 Gertz of "Still
Standing"
64 Truth held to be
self-evident
65 Roquefort hue
66 Israeli arms
67 Tubes on the
table
68 Gas or elec.
69 Olympic VIPs
70 Newark's oounty
71 Chilly and wet
DOWN
1 Left the coop
2 Ham's medium
3 Printing extras

4 Is living the
dream
s'6os TV
munchkin
6 MS Word output
7 OPEC founding
member
8 Cancel, slangily
9"... over flock
by night": Luke
10 Deal with
1 -Locka, Honda
12 MTV Generation
member
13 Old designation
for strong beer
21 Bit of sediment
22 Big engine
sound
2 concern
26 Geographical
mnemonic
27 Spring for, with
"to"
29 Reaction to an
offensive line,
perhaps
30 Zap
31 Recess riposte
33 Equally irate
34 Complete, briefly
35 Saki's real name
37 "My bad"

38 Addresses with
dots
40 "Phew!" evoker
44 Sunniest place
on Earth, per
Guinness
45 Cork's location
49 iPod accessory
51 Like losers'faces
after a buzzer
beating shot
52 April concern

54 Island nation near
Sicily
55 Trap at the chalet
56 Move furtively
58 Some reds, briefly
59 Actress Skye
60 Roswell's St.
61 Makeshift band
instrument
62 Nitrogen-based
dye
63 Day's beginning?

By Jonathan Porat 4/28/11

Wednesday's Puzzle Solved

(c) 2011 Tribune Media Services. Inc. 4/28/11


ACROSS
1 Given by
5 Milton or Shelley
10 2004 Best Actor
1 lamp
15 Rocker's place
16Top
17 Had too much
18 Comforting words
19 Midas competitor
20 Lawyer after too
much coffee?
23 Military response
24 Came with
28 Bowie's scientist
role in The
Prestige"
32 "I'm just boy, I
need no
sympathy":
"Bohemian
Rhapsody"
33 Bank worker that
never takes time
off
36 A day at the
spa?
39 Snub, say
41 First U.S.
multimillionaire
42 Draft status
43 George, Abe et
al.?
46 Prime meridian
std.
47 Pianist Claudio
48 Ruby's spouse
50 Welcome site
53 Onetime "SCTV
head writer
Harold
57 Place to find both
parts of 20-, 36-
and 43-Across
61 Gertz of "Still
Standing"
64 Truth held to be
self-evident
65 Roquefort hue
66 Israeli arms
67 Tubes on the
table
68 Gas or elec.
69 Olympic VIPs
70 Newark's oounty
71 Chilly and wet
DOWN
1 Left the coop
2 Ham's medium
3 Printing extras

4 Is living the
dream
s'6os TV
munchkin
6 MS Word output
7 OPEC founding
member
8 Cancel, slangily
9"... over flock
by night": Luke
10 Deal with
1 -Locka, Honda
12 MTV Generation
member
13 Old designation
for strong beer
21 Bit of sediment
22 Big engine
sound
2 concern
26 Geographical
mnemonic
27 Spring for, with
"to"
29 Reaction to an
offensive line,
perhaps
30 Zap
31 Recess riposte
33 Equally irate
34 Complete, briefly
35 Saki's real name
37 "My bad"

38 Addresses with
dots
40 "Phew!" evoker
44 Sunniest place
on Earth, per
Guinness
45 Cork's location
49 iPod accessory
51 Like losers'faces
after a buzzer
beating shot
52 April concern

54 Island nation near
Sicily
55 Trap at the chalet
56 Move furtively
58 Some reds, briefly
59 Actress Skye
60 Roswell's St.
61 Makeshift band
instrument
62 Nitrogen-based
dye
63 Day's beginning?

By Jonathan Porat 4/28/11

Wednesday's Puzzle Solved

(c) 2011 Tribune Media Services. Inc. 4/28/11


ACROSS
1 Given by
5 Milton or Shelley
10 2004 Best Actor
1 lamp
15 Rocker's place
16Top
17 Had too much
18 Comforting words
19 Midas competitor
20 Lawyer after too
much coffee?
23 Military response
24 Came with
28 Bowie's scientist
role in The
Prestige"
32 "I'm just boy, I
need no
sympathy":
"Bohemian
Rhapsody"
33 Bank worker that
never takes time
off
36 A day at the
spa?
39 Snub, say
41 First U.S.
multimillionaire
42 Draft status
43 George, Abe et
al.?
46 Prime meridian
std.
47 Pianist Claudio
48 Ruby's spouse
50 Welcome site
53 Onetime "SCTV
head writer
Harold
57 Place to find both
parts of 20-, 36-
and 43-Across
61 Gertz of "Still
Standing"
64 Truth held to be
self-evident
65 Roquefort hue
66 Israeli arms
67 Tubes on the
table
68 Gas or elec.
69 Olympic VIPs
70 Newark's oounty
71 Chilly and wet
DOWN
1 Left the coop
2 Ham's medium
3 Printing extras

4 Is living the
dream
s'6os TV
munchkin
6 MS Word output
7 OPEC founding
member
8 Cancel, slangily
9"... over flock
by night": Luke
10 Deal with
1 -Locka, Honda
12 MTV Generation
member
13 Old designation
for strong beer
21 Bit of sediment
22 Big engine
sound
2 concern
26 Geographical
mnemonic
27 Spring for, with
"to"
29 Reaction to an
offensive line,
perhaps
30 Zap
31 Recess riposte
33 Equally irate
34 Complete, briefly
35 Saki's real name
37 "My bad"

38 Addresses with
dots
40 "Phew!" evoker
44 Sunniest place
on Earth, per
Guinness
45 Cork's location
49 iPod accessory
51 Like losers'faces
after a buzzer
beating shot
52 April concern

54 Island nation near
Sicily
55 Trap at the chalet
56 Move furtively
58 Some reds, briefly
59 Actress Skye
60 Roswell's St.
61 Makeshift band
instrument
62 Nitrogen-based
dye
63 Day's beginning?

By Jonathan Porat 4/28/11

Wednesday's Puzzle Solved

(c) 2011 Tribune Media Services. Inc. 4/28/11


ACROSS
1 Given by
5 Milton or Shelley
10 2004 Best Actor
1 lamp
15 Rocker's place
16Top
17 Had too much
18 Comforting words
19 Midas competitor
20 Lawyer after too
much coffee?
23 Military response
24 Came with
28 Bowie's scientist
role in The
Prestige"
32 "I'm just boy, I
need no
sympathy":
"Bohemian
Rhapsody"
33 Bank worker that
never takes time
off
36 A day at the
spa?
39 Snub, say
41 First U.S.
multimillionaire
42 Draft status
43 George, Abe et
al.?
46 Prime meridian
std.
47 Pianist Claudio
48 Ruby's spouse
50 Welcome site
53 Onetime "SCTV
head writer
Harold
57 Place to find both
parts of 20-, 36-
and 43-Across
61 Gertz of "Still
Standing"
64 Truth held to be
self-evident
65 Roquefort hue
66 Israeli arms
67 Tubes on the
table
68 Gas or elec.
69 Olympic VIPs
70 Newark's oounty
71 Chilly and wet
DOWN
1 Left the coop
2 Ham's medium
3 Printing extras

4 Is living the
dream
s'6os TV
munchkin
6 MS Word output
7 OPEC founding
member
8 Cancel, slangily
9"... over flock
by night": Luke
10 Deal with
1 -Locka, Honda
12 MTV Generation
member
13 Old designation
for strong beer
21 Bit of sediment
22 Big engine
sound
2 concern
26 Geographical
mnemonic
27 Spring for, with
"to"
29 Reaction to an
offensive line,
perhaps
30 Zap
31 Recess riposte
33 Equally irate
34 Complete, briefly
35 Saki's real name
37 "My bad"

38 Addresses with
dots
40 "Phew!" evoker
44 Sunniest place
on Earth, per
Guinness
45 Cork's location
49 iPod accessory
51 Like losers'faces
after a buzzer
beating shot
52 April concern

54 Island nation near
Sicily
55 Trap at the chalet
56 Move furtively
58 Some reds, briefly
59 Actress Skye
60 Roswell's St.
61 Makeshift band
instrument
62 Nitrogen-based
dye
63 Day's beginning?

By Jonathan Porat 4/28/11

Wednesday's Puzzle Solved

(c) 2011 Tribune Media Services. Inc. 4/28/11


ACROSS
1 Given by
5 Milton or Shelley
10 2004 Best Actor
1 lamp
15 Rocker's place
16Top
17 Had too much
18 Comforting words
19 Midas competitor
20 Lawyer after too
much coffee?
23 Military response
24 Came with
28 Bowie's scientist
role in The
Prestige"
32 "I'm just boy, I
need no
sympathy":
"Bohemian
Rhapsody"
33 Bank worker that
never takes time
off
36 A day at the
spa?
39 Snub, say
41 First U.S.
multimillionaire
42 Draft status
43 George, Abe et
al.?
46 Prime meridian
std.
47 Pianist Claudio
48 Ruby's spouse
50 Welcome site
53 Onetime "SCTV
head writer
Harold
57 Place to find both
parts of 20-, 36-
and 43-Across
61 Gertz of "Still
Standing"
64 Truth held to be
self-evident
65 Roquefort hue
66 Israeli arms
67 Tubes on the
table
68 Gas or elec.
69 Olympic VIPs
70 Newark's oounty
71 Chilly and wet
DOWN
1 Left the coop
2 Ham's medium
3 Printing extras

4 Is living the
dream
s'6os TV
munchkin
6 MS Word output
7 OPEC founding
member
8 Cancel, slangily
9"... over flock
by night": Luke
10 Deal with
1 -Locka, Honda
12 MTV Generation
member
13 Old designation
for strong beer
21 Bit of sediment
22 Big engine
sound
2 concern
26 Geographical
mnemonic
27 Spring for, with
"to"
29 Reaction to an
offensive line,
perhaps
30 Zap
31 Recess riposte
33 Equally irate
34 Complete, briefly
35 Saki's real name
37 "My bad"

38 Addresses with
dots
40 "Phew!" evoker
44 Sunniest place
on Earth, per
Guinness
45 Cork's location
49 iPod accessory
51 Like losers'faces
after a buzzer
beating shot
52 April concern

54 Island nation near
Sicily
55 Trap at the chalet
56 Move furtively
58 Some reds, briefly
59 Actress Skye
60 Roswell's St.
61 Makeshift band
instrument
62 Nitrogen-based
dye
63 Day's beginning?

By Jonathan Porat 4/28/11

Wednesday's Puzzle Solved

(c) 2011 Tribune Media Services. Inc. 4/28/11


ACROSS
1 Given by
5 Milton or Shelley
10 2004 Best Actor
1 lamp
15 Rocker's place
16Top
17 Had too much
18 Comforting words
19 Midas competitor
20 Lawyer after too
much coffee?
23 Military response
24 Came with
28 Bowie's scientist
role in The
Prestige"
32 "I'm just boy, I
need no
sympathy":
"Bohemian
Rhapsody"
33 Bank worker that
never takes time
off
36 A day at the
spa?
39 Snub, say
41 First U.S.
multimillionaire
42 Draft status
43 George, Abe et
al.?
46 Prime meridian
std.
47 Pianist Claudio
48 Ruby's spouse
50 Welcome site
53 Onetime "SCTV
head writer
Harold
57 Place to find both
parts of 20-, 36-
and 43-Across
61 Gertz of "Still
Standing"
64 Truth held to be
self-evident
65 Roquefort hue
66 Israeli arms
67 Tubes on the
table
68 Gas or elec.
69 Olympic VIPs
70 Newark's oounty
71 Chilly and wet
DOWN
1 Left the coop
2 Ham's medium
3 Printing extras

4 Is living the
dream
s'6os TV
munchkin
6 MS Word output
7 OPEC founding
member
8 Cancel, slangily
9"... over flock
by night": Luke
10 Deal with
1 -Locka, Honda
12 MTV Generation
member
13 Old designation
for strong beer
21 Bit of sediment
22 Big engine
sound
2 concern
26 Geographical
mnemonic
27 Spring for, with
"to"
29 Reaction to an
offensive line,
perhaps
30 Zap
31 Recess riposte
33 Equally irate
34 Complete, briefly
35 Saki's real name
37 "My bad"

38 Addresses with
dots
40 "Phew!" evoker
44 Sunniest place
on Earth, per
Guinness
45 Cork's location
49 iPod accessory
51 Like losers'faces
after a buzzer
beating shot
52 April concern

54 Island nation near
Sicily
55 Trap at the chalet
56 Move furtively
58 Some reds, briefly
59 Actress Skye
60 Roswell's St.
61 Makeshift band
instrument
62 Nitrogen-based
dye
63 Day's beginning?

By Jonathan Porat 4/28/11

Wednesday's Puzzle Solved

(c) 2011 Tribune Media Services. Inc. 4/28/11


ACROSS
1 Given by
5 Milton or Shelley
10 2004 Best Actor
1 lamp
15 Rocker's place
16Top
17 Had too much
18 Comforting words
19 Midas competitor
20 Lawyer after too
much coffee?
23 Military response
24 Came with
28 Bowie's scientist
role in The
Prestige"
32 "I'm just boy, I
need no
sympathy":
"Bohemian
Rhapsody"
33 Bank worker that
never takes time
off
36 A day at the
spa?
39 Snub, say
41 First U.S.
multimillionaire
42 Draft status
43 George, Abe et
al.?
46 Prime meridian
std.
47 Pianist Claudio
48 Ruby's spouse
50 Welcome site
53 Onetime "SCTV
head writer
Harold
57 Place to find both
parts of 20-, 36-
and 43-Across
61 Gertz of "Still
Standing"
64 Truth held to be
self-evident
65 Roquefort hue
66 Israeli arms
67 Tubes on the
table
68 Gas or elec.
69 Olympic VIPs
70 Newark's oounty
71 Chilly and wet
DOWN
1 Left the coop
2 Ham's medium
3 Printing extras

4 Is living the
dream
s'6os TV
munchkin
6 MS Word output
7 OPEC founding
member
8 Cancel, slangily
9"... over flock
by night": Luke
10 Deal with
1 -Locka, Honda
12 MTV Generation
member
13 Old designation
for strong beer
21 Bit of sediment
22 Big engine
sound
2 concern
26 Geographical
mnemonic
27 Spring for, with
"to"
29 Reaction to an
offensive line,
perhaps
30 Zap
31 Recess riposte
33 Equally irate
34 Complete, briefly
35 Saki's real name
37 "My bad"

38 Addresses with
dots
40 "Phew!" evoker
44 Sunniest place
on Earth, per
Guinness
45 Cork's location
49 iPod accessory
51 Like losers'faces
after a buzzer
beating shot
52 April concern

54 Island nation near
Sicily
55 Trap at the chalet
56 Move furtively
58 Some reds, briefly
59 Actress Skye
60 Roswell's St.
61 Makeshift band
instrument
62 Nitrogen-based
dye
63 Day's beginning?

By Jonathan Porat 4/28/11

Wednesday's Puzzle Solved

(c) 2011 Tribune Media Services. Inc. 4/28/11


