# NOTICE TO THE STAFF
## 
### 
A meeting of the Daily editorial staff will lie hold today at 1 :15
p.m. Kvervone is required to attend, ,*is work for the new quarter
will he outlined.
A meeting of the Daily editorial staff will lie hold today at 1 :15
p.m. Kvervone is required to attend, ,*is work for the new quarter
will he outlined.
A meeting of the Daily editorial staff will lie hold today at 1 :15
p.m. Kvervone is required to attend, ,*is work for the new quarter
will he outlined.
A meeting of the Daily editorial staff will lie hold today at 1 :15
p.m. Kvervone is required to attend, ,*is work for the new quarter
will he outlined.
A meeting of the Daily editorial staff will lie hold today at 1 :15
p.m. Kvervone is required to attend, ,*is work for the new quarter
will he outlined.
A meeting of the Daily editorial staff will lie hold today at 1 :15
p.m. Kvervone is required to attend, ,*is work for the new quarter
will he outlined.
A meeting of the Daily editorial staff will lie hold today at 1 :15
p.m. Kvervone is required to attend, ,*is work for the new quarter
will he outlined.
A meeting of the Daily editorial staff will lie hold today at 1 :15
p.m. Kvervone is required to attend, ,*is work for the new quarter
will he outlined.
A meeting of the Daily editorial staff will lie hold today at 1 :15
p.m. Kvervone is required to attend, ,*is work for the new quarter
will he outlined.
A meeting of the Daily editorial staff will lie hold today at 1 :15
p.m. Kvervone is required to attend, ,*is work for the new quarter
will he outlined.
A meeting of the Daily editorial staff will lie hold today at 1 :15
p.m. Kvervone is required to attend, ,*is work for the new quarter
will he outlined.
A meeting of the Daily editorial staff will lie hold today at 1 :15
p.m. Kvervone is required to attend, ,*is work for the new quarter
will he outlined.
A meeting of the Daily editorial staff will lie hold today at 1 :15
p.m. Kvervone is required to attend, ,*is work for the new quarter
will he outlined.
A meeting of the Daily editorial staff will lie hold today at 1 :15
p.m. Kvervone is required to attend, ,*is work for the new quarter
will he outlined.
A meeting of the Daily editorial staff will lie hold today at 1 :15
p.m. Kvervone is required to attend, ,*is work for the new quarter
will he outlined.
