# NEW CALIFORNIA UNIVERSITY PLANT DEDICATED
## 
### 


Ceremonial procession at the southern division of the University of California, Los Angeles, upon th
dedication of the new $7,000,000 institution marking (above) the presentation of the flag pole. Belov*
Josia Royce Hall, one of the major buildings.


Ceremonial procession at the southern division of the University of California, Los Angeles, upon th
dedication of the new $7,000,000 institution marking (above) the presentation of the flag pole. Belov*
Josia Royce Hall, one of the major buildings.


Ceremonial procession at the southern division of the University of California, Los Angeles, upon th
dedication of the new $7,000,000 institution marking (above) the presentation of the flag pole. Belov*
Josia Royce Hall, one of the major buildings.


Ceremonial procession at the southern division of the University of California, Los Angeles, upon th
dedication of the new $7,000,000 institution marking (above) the presentation of the flag pole. Belov*
Josia Royce Hall, one of the major buildings.


Ceremonial procession at the southern division of the University of California, Los Angeles, upon th
dedication of the new $7,000,000 institution marking (above) the presentation of the flag pole. Belov*
Josia Royce Hall, one of the major buildings.


Ceremonial procession at the southern division of the University of California, Los Angeles, upon th
dedication of the new $7,000,000 institution marking (above) the presentation of the flag pole. Belov*
Josia Royce Hall, one of the major buildings.


Ceremonial procession at the southern division of the University of California, Los Angeles, upon th
dedication of the new $7,000,000 institution marking (above) the presentation of the flag pole. Belov*
Josia Royce Hall, one of the major buildings.


Ceremonial procession at the southern division of the University of California, Los Angeles, upon th
dedication of the new $7,000,000 institution marking (above) the presentation of the flag pole. Belov*
Josia Royce Hall, one of the major buildings.


Ceremonial procession at the southern division of the University of California, Los Angeles, upon th
dedication of the new $7,000,000 institution marking (above) the presentation of the flag pole. Belov*
Josia Royce Hall, one of the major buildings.


Ceremonial procession at the southern division of the University of California, Los Angeles, upon th
dedication of the new $7,000,000 institution marking (above) the presentation of the flag pole. Belov*
Josia Royce Hall, one of the major buildings.


Ceremonial procession at the southern division of the University of California, Los Angeles, upon th
dedication of the new $7,000,000 institution marking (above) the presentation of the flag pole. Belov*
Josia Royce Hall, one of the major buildings.


Ceremonial procession at the southern division of the University of California, Los Angeles, upon th
dedication of the new $7,000,000 institution marking (above) the presentation of the flag pole. Belov*
Josia Royce Hall, one of the major buildings.


Ceremonial procession at the southern division of the University of California, Los Angeles, upon th
dedication of the new $7,000,000 institution marking (above) the presentation of the flag pole. Belov*
Josia Royce Hall, one of the major buildings.


Ceremonial procession at the southern division of the University of California, Los Angeles, upon th
dedication of the new $7,000,000 institution marking (above) the presentation of the flag pole. Belov*
Josia Royce Hall, one of the major buildings.


Ceremonial procession at the southern division of the University of California, Los Angeles, upon th
dedication of the new $7,000,000 institution marking (above) the presentation of the flag pole. Belov*
Josia Royce Hall, one of the major buildings.
