# REPRESENTATIVES TO DEDICATION RETURN
## 
### 
Delegates from Stanford to the
dedication ceremonies held at the
University of California at Los An
gelas last week, headed by Dr. Hub
ert. K. Swain, acting president of
the University, and Mrs. Swain,
have returned to the campus. He
sides Dr. and Mrs. Swain the dele
gates Were the following: Dr.
Uailey Willis, professor emeritus
of geology; Dr. George J. Peirce,
professor of botany; Dr. William
F. Dura ml, professor of mechanical
engineering, and Professor Payson
J. Treat of the history department.
Delegates from Stanford to the
dedication ceremonies held at the
University of California at Los An
gelas last week, headed by Dr. Hub
ert. K. Swain, acting president of
the University, and Mrs. Swain,
have returned to the campus. He
sides Dr. and Mrs. Swain the dele
gates Were the following: Dr.
Uailey Willis, professor emeritus
of geology; Dr. George J. Peirce,
professor of botany; Dr. William
F. Dura ml, professor of mechanical
engineering, and Professor Payson
J. Treat of the history department.
Delegates from Stanford to the
dedication ceremonies held at the
University of California at Los An
gelas last week, headed by Dr. Hub
ert. K. Swain, acting president of
the University, and Mrs. Swain,
have returned to the campus. He
sides Dr. and Mrs. Swain the dele
gates Were the following: Dr.
Uailey Willis, professor emeritus
of geology; Dr. George J. Peirce,
professor of botany; Dr. William
F. Dura ml, professor of mechanical
engineering, and Professor Payson
J. Treat of the history department.
Delegates from Stanford to the
dedication ceremonies held at the
University of California at Los An
gelas last week, headed by Dr. Hub
ert. K. Swain, acting president of
the University, and Mrs. Swain,
have returned to the campus. He
sides Dr. and Mrs. Swain the dele
gates Were the following: Dr.
Uailey Willis, professor emeritus
of geology; Dr. George J. Peirce,
professor of botany; Dr. William
F. Dura ml, professor of mechanical
engineering, and Professor Payson
J. Treat of the history department.
Delegates from Stanford to the
dedication ceremonies held at the
University of California at Los An
gelas last week, headed by Dr. Hub
ert. K. Swain, acting president of
the University, and Mrs. Swain,
have returned to the campus. He
sides Dr. and Mrs. Swain the dele
gates Were the following: Dr.
Uailey Willis, professor emeritus
of geology; Dr. George J. Peirce,
professor of botany; Dr. William
F. Dura ml, professor of mechanical
engineering, and Professor Payson
J. Treat of the history department.
Delegates from Stanford to the
dedication ceremonies held at the
University of California at Los An
gelas last week, headed by Dr. Hub
ert. K. Swain, acting president of
the University, and Mrs. Swain,
have returned to the campus. He
sides Dr. and Mrs. Swain the dele
gates Were the following: Dr.
Uailey Willis, professor emeritus
of geology; Dr. George J. Peirce,
professor of botany; Dr. William
F. Dura ml, professor of mechanical
engineering, and Professor Payson
J. Treat of the history department.
Delegates from Stanford to the
dedication ceremonies held at the
University of California at Los An
gelas last week, headed by Dr. Hub
ert. K. Swain, acting president of
the University, and Mrs. Swain,
have returned to the campus. He
sides Dr. and Mrs. Swain the dele
gates Were the following: Dr.
Uailey Willis, professor emeritus
of geology; Dr. George J. Peirce,
professor of botany; Dr. William
F. Dura ml, professor of mechanical
engineering, and Professor Payson
J. Treat of the history department.
Delegates from Stanford to the
dedication ceremonies held at the
University of California at Los An
gelas last week, headed by Dr. Hub
ert. K. Swain, acting president of
the University, and Mrs. Swain,
have returned to the campus. He
sides Dr. and Mrs. Swain the dele
gates Were the following: Dr.
Uailey Willis, professor emeritus
of geology; Dr. George J. Peirce,
professor of botany; Dr. William
F. Dura ml, professor of mechanical
engineering, and Professor Payson
J. Treat of the history department.
Delegates from Stanford to the
dedication ceremonies held at the
University of California at Los An
gelas last week, headed by Dr. Hub
ert. K. Swain, acting president of
the University, and Mrs. Swain,
have returned to the campus. He
sides Dr. and Mrs. Swain the dele
gates Were the following: Dr.
Uailey Willis, professor emeritus
of geology; Dr. George J. Peirce,
professor of botany; Dr. William
F. Dura ml, professor of mechanical
engineering, and Professor Payson
J. Treat of the history department.
Delegates from Stanford to the
dedication ceremonies held at the
University of California at Los An
gelas last week, headed by Dr. Hub
ert. K. Swain, acting president of
the University, and Mrs. Swain,
have returned to the campus. He
sides Dr. and Mrs. Swain the dele
gates Were the following: Dr.
Uailey Willis, professor emeritus
of geology; Dr. George J. Peirce,
professor of botany; Dr. William
F. Dura ml, professor of mechanical
engineering, and Professor Payson
J. Treat of the history department.
Delegates from Stanford to the
dedication ceremonies held at the
University of California at Los An
gelas last week, headed by Dr. Hub
ert. K. Swain, acting president of
the University, and Mrs. Swain,
have returned to the campus. He
sides Dr. and Mrs. Swain the dele
gates Were the following: Dr.
Uailey Willis, professor emeritus
of geology; Dr. George J. Peirce,
professor of botany; Dr. William
F. Dura ml, professor of mechanical
engineering, and Professor Payson
J. Treat of the history department.
Delegates from Stanford to the
dedication ceremonies held at the
University of California at Los An
gelas last week, headed by Dr. Hub
ert. K. Swain, acting president of
the University, and Mrs. Swain,
have returned to the campus. He
sides Dr. and Mrs. Swain the dele
gates Were the following: Dr.
Uailey Willis, professor emeritus
of geology; Dr. George J. Peirce,
professor of botany; Dr. William
F. Dura ml, professor of mechanical
engineering, and Professor Payson
J. Treat of the history department.
Delegates from Stanford to the
dedication ceremonies held at the
University of California at Los An
gelas last week, headed by Dr. Hub
ert. K. Swain, acting president of
the University, and Mrs. Swain,
have returned to the campus. He
sides Dr. and Mrs. Swain the dele
gates Were the following: Dr.
Uailey Willis, professor emeritus
of geology; Dr. George J. Peirce,
professor of botany; Dr. William
F. Dura ml, professor of mechanical
engineering, and Professor Payson
J. Treat of the history department.
Delegates from Stanford to the
dedication ceremonies held at the
University of California at Los An
gelas last week, headed by Dr. Hub
ert. K. Swain, acting president of
the University, and Mrs. Swain,
have returned to the campus. He
sides Dr. and Mrs. Swain the dele
gates Were the following: Dr.
Uailey Willis, professor emeritus
of geology; Dr. George J. Peirce,
professor of botany; Dr. William
F. Dura ml, professor of mechanical
engineering, and Professor Payson
J. Treat of the history department.
Delegates from Stanford to the
dedication ceremonies held at the
University of California at Los An
gelas last week, headed by Dr. Hub
ert. K. Swain, acting president of
the University, and Mrs. Swain,
have returned to the campus. He
sides Dr. and Mrs. Swain the dele
gates Were the following: Dr.
Uailey Willis, professor emeritus
of geology; Dr. George J. Peirce,
professor of botany; Dr. William
F. Dura ml, professor of mechanical
engineering, and Professor Payson
J. Treat of the history department.
