# WILBUR TO SPEED POWER CONTRACTS
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, April 1. (/P)—
Secretary Wilbur said today he
would endeavor to dispose of con
tracts for the development of the
Flathead, Montana, hydro-electric
power site "within the next few
days." The Montana delegation was
in conference with the Interior
Secretary in connection with the
power site for which the Rocky
Mountain Power Company, a sub
sidiary of the Montana Power Com
pany, and Walter H. Wheeler, Min
neapolis engineer, are competing.
WASHINGTON, April 1. (/P)—
Secretary Wilbur said today he
would endeavor to dispose of con
tracts for the development of the
Flathead, Montana, hydro-electric
power site "within the next few
days." The Montana delegation was
in conference with the Interior
Secretary in connection with the
power site for which the Rocky
Mountain Power Company, a sub
sidiary of the Montana Power Com
pany, and Walter H. Wheeler, Min
neapolis engineer, are competing.
WASHINGTON, April 1. (/P)—
Secretary Wilbur said today he
would endeavor to dispose of con
tracts for the development of the
Flathead, Montana, hydro-electric
power site "within the next few
days." The Montana delegation was
in conference with the Interior
Secretary in connection with the
power site for which the Rocky
Mountain Power Company, a sub
sidiary of the Montana Power Com
pany, and Walter H. Wheeler, Min
neapolis engineer, are competing.
WASHINGTON, April 1. (/P)—
Secretary Wilbur said today he
would endeavor to dispose of con
tracts for the development of the
Flathead, Montana, hydro-electric
power site "within the next few
days." The Montana delegation was
in conference with the Interior
Secretary in connection with the
power site for which the Rocky
Mountain Power Company, a sub
sidiary of the Montana Power Com
pany, and Walter H. Wheeler, Min
neapolis engineer, are competing.
WASHINGTON, April 1. (/P)—
Secretary Wilbur said today he
would endeavor to dispose of con
tracts for the development of the
Flathead, Montana, hydro-electric
power site "within the next few
days." The Montana delegation was
in conference with the Interior
Secretary in connection with the
power site for which the Rocky
Mountain Power Company, a sub
sidiary of the Montana Power Com
pany, and Walter H. Wheeler, Min
neapolis engineer, are competing.
WASHINGTON, April 1. (/P)—
Secretary Wilbur said today he
would endeavor to dispose of con
tracts for the development of the
Flathead, Montana, hydro-electric
power site "within the next few
days." The Montana delegation was
in conference with the Interior
Secretary in connection with the
power site for which the Rocky
Mountain Power Company, a sub
sidiary of the Montana Power Com
pany, and Walter H. Wheeler, Min
neapolis engineer, are competing.
WASHINGTON, April 1. (/P)—
Secretary Wilbur said today he
would endeavor to dispose of con
tracts for the development of the
Flathead, Montana, hydro-electric
power site "within the next few
days." The Montana delegation was
in conference with the Interior
Secretary in connection with the
power site for which the Rocky
Mountain Power Company, a sub
sidiary of the Montana Power Com
pany, and Walter H. Wheeler, Min
neapolis engineer, are competing.
WASHINGTON, April 1. (/P)—
Secretary Wilbur said today he
would endeavor to dispose of con
tracts for the development of the
Flathead, Montana, hydro-electric
power site "within the next few
days." The Montana delegation was
in conference with the Interior
Secretary in connection with the
power site for which the Rocky
Mountain Power Company, a sub
sidiary of the Montana Power Com
pany, and Walter H. Wheeler, Min
neapolis engineer, are competing.
WASHINGTON, April 1. (/P)—
Secretary Wilbur said today he
would endeavor to dispose of con
tracts for the development of the
Flathead, Montana, hydro-electric
power site "within the next few
days." The Montana delegation was
in conference with the Interior
Secretary in connection with the
power site for which the Rocky
Mountain Power Company, a sub
sidiary of the Montana Power Com
pany, and Walter H. Wheeler, Min
neapolis engineer, are competing.
WASHINGTON, April 1. (/P)—
Secretary Wilbur said today he
would endeavor to dispose of con
tracts for the development of the
Flathead, Montana, hydro-electric
power site "within the next few
days." The Montana delegation was
in conference with the Interior
Secretary in connection with the
power site for which the Rocky
Mountain Power Company, a sub
sidiary of the Montana Power Com
pany, and Walter H. Wheeler, Min
neapolis engineer, are competing.
WASHINGTON, April 1. (/P)—
Secretary Wilbur said today he
would endeavor to dispose of con
tracts for the development of the
Flathead, Montana, hydro-electric
power site "within the next few
days." The Montana delegation was
in conference with the Interior
Secretary in connection with the
power site for which the Rocky
Mountain Power Company, a sub
sidiary of the Montana Power Com
pany, and Walter H. Wheeler, Min
neapolis engineer, are competing.
WASHINGTON, April 1. (/P)—
Secretary Wilbur said today he
would endeavor to dispose of con
tracts for the development of the
Flathead, Montana, hydro-electric
power site "within the next few
days." The Montana delegation was
in conference with the Interior
Secretary in connection with the
power site for which the Rocky
Mountain Power Company, a sub
sidiary of the Montana Power Com
pany, and Walter H. Wheeler, Min
neapolis engineer, are competing.
WASHINGTON, April 1. (/P)—
Secretary Wilbur said today he
would endeavor to dispose of con
tracts for the development of the
Flathead, Montana, hydro-electric
power site "within the next few
days." The Montana delegation was
in conference with the Interior
Secretary in connection with the
power site for which the Rocky
Mountain Power Company, a sub
sidiary of the Montana Power Com
pany, and Walter H. Wheeler, Min
neapolis engineer, are competing.
WASHINGTON, April 1. (/P)—
Secretary Wilbur said today he
would endeavor to dispose of con
tracts for the development of the
Flathead, Montana, hydro-electric
power site "within the next few
days." The Montana delegation was
in conference with the Interior
Secretary in connection with the
power site for which the Rocky
Mountain Power Company, a sub
sidiary of the Montana Power Com
pany, and Walter H. Wheeler, Min
neapolis engineer, are competing.
WASHINGTON, April 1. (/P)—
Secretary Wilbur said today he
would endeavor to dispose of con
tracts for the development of the
Flathead, Montana, hydro-electric
power site "within the next few
days." The Montana delegation was
in conference with the Interior
Secretary in connection with the
power site for which the Rocky
Mountain Power Company, a sub
sidiary of the Montana Power Com
pany, and Walter H. Wheeler, Min
neapolis engineer, are competing.
