# A.W.S. ELECTION TO BE TUESDAY
## Nominations For Council Open Tomorrow 
### 
Nominations for Associated Women
Students' Council arc to be made to
morrow on (Juad from 8 to 6 o'clock
by signed statement. Declinations will
be received Friday, and the election
will be next Tuesday.
I lirec members from tlie present
junior class and two from the sopho
more class will fill the present junior
and senior positions. In accordance
with the recent change in constitution,
no present council member will be
automatically on the ballot, but will
have to be renominated and re-elected.
I he council officially exercises all
executive and judicial functions of
self-government, and handles discipli
nary cases that come up among the
women. The new council will appoint
next year's sponsors at the end of this
quarter, taking into consideration the
advice of the old sponsors and old
council. Since there is only one day
for nominations, it is important that
the new changes be noted. This elec
tion will inaugurate the system of
preferential voting for although it was
used in the last A.VV.S. election there
was no need to resort to second or
third choices.
