# FELLOWSHIP TEAS TO BE RESUMED TODAY
## 
### 
Stanford Fellowship teas for spring
quarter will begin this afternoon when
Katherinc Rich will be hostess at a
tea on the third floor of the W omen's
Clubhouse from 4 :.5l) until 5:30 o'-
clock. These teas arc given regularly
in order to give Stanford students
and professors an opportunity to meet
socially. Members of the faculty and
student body arc cordially invited to
attend.
Stanford Fellowship teas for spring
quarter will begin this afternoon when
Katherinc Rich will be hostess at a
tea on the third floor of the W omen's
Clubhouse from 4 :.5l) until 5:30 o'-
clock. These teas arc given regularly
in order to give Stanford students
and professors an opportunity to meet
socially. Members of the faculty and
student body arc cordially invited to
attend.
Stanford Fellowship teas for spring
quarter will begin this afternoon when
Katherinc Rich will be hostess at a
tea on the third floor of the W omen's
Clubhouse from 4 :.5l) until 5:30 o'-
clock. These teas arc given regularly
in order to give Stanford students
and professors an opportunity to meet
socially. Members of the faculty and
student body arc cordially invited to
attend.
Stanford Fellowship teas for spring
quarter will begin this afternoon when
Katherinc Rich will be hostess at a
tea on the third floor of the W omen's
Clubhouse from 4 :.5l) until 5:30 o'-
clock. These teas arc given regularly
in order to give Stanford students
and professors an opportunity to meet
socially. Members of the faculty and
student body arc cordially invited to
attend.
Stanford Fellowship teas for spring
quarter will begin this afternoon when
Katherinc Rich will be hostess at a
tea on the third floor of the W omen's
Clubhouse from 4 :.5l) until 5:30 o'-
clock. These teas arc given regularly
in order to give Stanford students
and professors an opportunity to meet
socially. Members of the faculty and
student body arc cordially invited to
attend.
Stanford Fellowship teas for spring
quarter will begin this afternoon when
Katherinc Rich will be hostess at a
tea on the third floor of the W omen's
Clubhouse from 4 :.5l) until 5:30 o'-
clock. These teas arc given regularly
in order to give Stanford students
and professors an opportunity to meet
socially. Members of the faculty and
student body arc cordially invited to
attend.
Stanford Fellowship teas for spring
quarter will begin this afternoon when
Katherinc Rich will be hostess at a
tea on the third floor of the W omen's
Clubhouse from 4 :.5l) until 5:30 o'-
clock. These teas arc given regularly
in order to give Stanford students
and professors an opportunity to meet
socially. Members of the faculty and
student body arc cordially invited to
attend.
Stanford Fellowship teas for spring
quarter will begin this afternoon when
Katherinc Rich will be hostess at a
tea on the third floor of the W omen's
Clubhouse from 4 :.5l) until 5:30 o'-
clock. These teas arc given regularly
in order to give Stanford students
and professors an opportunity to meet
socially. Members of the faculty and
student body arc cordially invited to
attend.
Stanford Fellowship teas for spring
quarter will begin this afternoon when
Katherinc Rich will be hostess at a
tea on the third floor of the W omen's
Clubhouse from 4 :.5l) until 5:30 o'-
clock. These teas arc given regularly
in order to give Stanford students
and professors an opportunity to meet
socially. Members of the faculty and
student body arc cordially invited to
attend.
Stanford Fellowship teas for spring
quarter will begin this afternoon when
Katherinc Rich will be hostess at a
tea on the third floor of the W omen's
Clubhouse from 4 :.5l) until 5:30 o'-
clock. These teas arc given regularly
in order to give Stanford students
and professors an opportunity to meet
socially. Members of the faculty and
student body arc cordially invited to
attend.
Stanford Fellowship teas for spring
quarter will begin this afternoon when
Katherinc Rich will be hostess at a
tea on the third floor of the W omen's
Clubhouse from 4 :.5l) until 5:30 o'-
clock. These teas arc given regularly
in order to give Stanford students
and professors an opportunity to meet
socially. Members of the faculty and
student body arc cordially invited to
attend.
Stanford Fellowship teas for spring
quarter will begin this afternoon when
Katherinc Rich will be hostess at a
tea on the third floor of the W omen's
Clubhouse from 4 :.5l) until 5:30 o'-
clock. These teas arc given regularly
in order to give Stanford students
and professors an opportunity to meet
socially. Members of the faculty and
student body arc cordially invited to
attend.
Stanford Fellowship teas for spring
quarter will begin this afternoon when
Katherinc Rich will be hostess at a
tea on the third floor of the W omen's
Clubhouse from 4 :.5l) until 5:30 o'-
clock. These teas arc given regularly
in order to give Stanford students
and professors an opportunity to meet
socially. Members of the faculty and
student body arc cordially invited to
attend.
Stanford Fellowship teas for spring
quarter will begin this afternoon when
Katherinc Rich will be hostess at a
tea on the third floor of the W omen's
Clubhouse from 4 :.5l) until 5:30 o'-
clock. These teas arc given regularly
in order to give Stanford students
and professors an opportunity to meet
socially. Members of the faculty and
student body arc cordially invited to
attend.
Stanford Fellowship teas for spring
quarter will begin this afternoon when
Katherinc Rich will be hostess at a
tea on the third floor of the W omen's
Clubhouse from 4 :.5l) until 5:30 o'-
clock. These teas arc given regularly
in order to give Stanford students
and professors an opportunity to meet
socially. Members of the faculty and
student body arc cordially invited to
attend.
