# Symposium To Be Held on 'Getting a Job'
## 
### 

JOB INTERVIEW—James E. Lambert, assistant director of the Placement Service, demonstrates
with Jim Tate, Business School student, how a g jod job interview should be conducted.
—Daily photo by Frosty North

JOB INTERVIEW—James E. Lambert, assistant director of the Placement Service, demonstrates
with Jim Tate, Business School student, how a g jod job interview should be conducted.
—Daily photo by Frosty North

JOB INTERVIEW—James E. Lambert, assistant director of the Placement Service, demonstrates
with Jim Tate, Business School student, how a g jod job interview should be conducted.
—Daily photo by Frosty North

JOB INTERVIEW—James E. Lambert, assistant director of the Placement Service, demonstrates
with Jim Tate, Business School student, how a g jod job interview should be conducted.
—Daily photo by Frosty North

JOB INTERVIEW—James E. Lambert, assistant director of the Placement Service, demonstrates
with Jim Tate, Business School student, how a g jod job interview should be conducted.
—Daily photo by Frosty North

JOB INTERVIEW—James E. Lambert, assistant director of the Placement Service, demonstrates
with Jim Tate, Business School student, how a g jod job interview should be conducted.
—Daily photo by Frosty North

JOB INTERVIEW—James E. Lambert, assistant director of the Placement Service, demonstrates
with Jim Tate, Business School student, how a g jod job interview should be conducted.
—Daily photo by Frosty North

JOB INTERVIEW—James E. Lambert, assistant director of the Placement Service, demonstrates
with Jim Tate, Business School student, how a g jod job interview should be conducted.
—Daily photo by Frosty North

JOB INTERVIEW—James E. Lambert, assistant director of the Placement Service, demonstrates
with Jim Tate, Business School student, how a g jod job interview should be conducted.
—Daily photo by Frosty North

JOB INTERVIEW—James E. Lambert, assistant director of the Placement Service, demonstrates
with Jim Tate, Business School student, how a g jod job interview should be conducted.
—Daily photo by Frosty North

JOB INTERVIEW—James E. Lambert, assistant director of the Placement Service, demonstrates
with Jim Tate, Business School student, how a g jod job interview should be conducted.
—Daily photo by Frosty North

JOB INTERVIEW—James E. Lambert, assistant director of the Placement Service, demonstrates
with Jim Tate, Business School student, how a g jod job interview should be conducted.
—Daily photo by Frosty North

JOB INTERVIEW—James E. Lambert, assistant director of the Placement Service, demonstrates
with Jim Tate, Business School student, how a g jod job interview should be conducted.
—Daily photo by Frosty North

JOB INTERVIEW—James E. Lambert, assistant director of the Placement Service, demonstrates
with Jim Tate, Business School student, how a g jod job interview should be conducted.
—Daily photo by Frosty North

JOB INTERVIEW—James E. Lambert, assistant director of the Placement Service, demonstrates
with Jim Tate, Business School student, how a g jod job interview should be conducted.
—Daily photo by Frosty North

JOB INTERVIEW—James E. Lambert, assistant director of the Placement Service, demonstrates
with Jim Tate, Business School student, how a g jod job interview should be conducted.
—Daily photo by Frosty North
