# SURVEY RESULTS DUE
## 
### 
All students who have not handed
in their Honor Code surveys are
requested to do so in their living
groups today. The Honor Code
Committee will compute the results
tonight, announced Bernie Tokarz.
All students who have not handed
in their Honor Code surveys are
requested to do so in their living
groups today. The Honor Code
Committee will compute the results
tonight, announced Bernie Tokarz.
All students who have not handed
in their Honor Code surveys are
requested to do so in their living
groups today. The Honor Code
Committee will compute the results
tonight, announced Bernie Tokarz.
All students who have not handed
in their Honor Code surveys are
requested to do so in their living
groups today. The Honor Code
Committee will compute the results
tonight, announced Bernie Tokarz.
All students who have not handed
in their Honor Code surveys are
requested to do so in their living
groups today. The Honor Code
Committee will compute the results
tonight, announced Bernie Tokarz.
All students who have not handed
in their Honor Code surveys are
requested to do so in their living
groups today. The Honor Code
Committee will compute the results
tonight, announced Bernie Tokarz.
All students who have not handed
in their Honor Code surveys are
requested to do so in their living
groups today. The Honor Code
Committee will compute the results
tonight, announced Bernie Tokarz.
All students who have not handed
in their Honor Code surveys are
requested to do so in their living
groups today. The Honor Code
Committee will compute the results
tonight, announced Bernie Tokarz.
All students who have not handed
in their Honor Code surveys are
requested to do so in their living
groups today. The Honor Code
Committee will compute the results
tonight, announced Bernie Tokarz.
All students who have not handed
in their Honor Code surveys are
requested to do so in their living
groups today. The Honor Code
Committee will compute the results
tonight, announced Bernie Tokarz.
All students who have not handed
in their Honor Code surveys are
requested to do so in their living
groups today. The Honor Code
Committee will compute the results
tonight, announced Bernie Tokarz.
All students who have not handed
in their Honor Code surveys are
requested to do so in their living
groups today. The Honor Code
Committee will compute the results
tonight, announced Bernie Tokarz.
All students who have not handed
in their Honor Code surveys are
requested to do so in their living
groups today. The Honor Code
Committee will compute the results
tonight, announced Bernie Tokarz.
All students who have not handed
in their Honor Code surveys are
requested to do so in their living
groups today. The Honor Code
Committee will compute the results
tonight, announced Bernie Tokarz.
All students who have not handed
in their Honor Code surveys are
requested to do so in their living
groups today. The Honor Code
Committee will compute the results
tonight, announced Bernie Tokarz.
All students who have not handed
in their Honor Code surveys are
requested to do so in their living
groups today. The Honor Code
Committee will compute the results
tonight, announced Bernie Tokarz.
