# Lisle Fellowship Worker to Speak
## 
### 
Mrs. D. C. Baldwin, of the Liele
Fellowship, will be a guest at the
YWCA Coffee Hour this afternoon
from 3:30 to 5.
The Lisle Fellowship offers a va
riety of summer and year - round
projects open to upper - class and
graduate students who are seeking
effective ways of living with others
and of obtaining the kind of lead
ership adequate for today's world
needs. Each unit is a world com
munity in miniature providing its
students with a wide range of ex
priences in different situations.
This summer there will be units
in California, Colorado, and Con
necticut. Working teams of five or
six, representing the international
make-up ol the Fellowship, stu
dents go to work in surrounding
communities within a 200-mile ra
dius. Here they become actual par
ticipants in an out-going commu
nity life.
All interested in this Fellowship
are welcome to come anil meet Mrs.
Baldwin todav.
Mrs. D. C. Baldwin, of the Liele
Fellowship, will be a guest at the
YWCA Coffee Hour this afternoon
from 3:30 to 5.
The Lisle Fellowship offers a va
riety of summer and year - round
projects open to upper - class and
graduate students who are seeking
effective ways of living with others
and of obtaining the kind of lead
ership adequate for today's world
needs. Each unit is a world com
munity in miniature providing its
students with a wide range of ex
priences in different situations.
This summer there will be units
in California, Colorado, and Con
necticut. Working teams of five or
six, representing the international
make-up ol the Fellowship, stu
dents go to work in surrounding
communities within a 200-mile ra
dius. Here they become actual par
ticipants in an out-going commu
nity life.
All interested in this Fellowship
are welcome to come anil meet Mrs.
Baldwin todav.
Mrs. D. C. Baldwin, of the Liele
Fellowship, will be a guest at the
YWCA Coffee Hour this afternoon
from 3:30 to 5.
The Lisle Fellowship offers a va
riety of summer and year - round
projects open to upper - class and
graduate students who are seeking
effective ways of living with others
and of obtaining the kind of lead
ership adequate for today's world
needs. Each unit is a world com
munity in miniature providing its
students with a wide range of ex
priences in different situations.
This summer there will be units
in California, Colorado, and Con
necticut. Working teams of five or
six, representing the international
make-up ol the Fellowship, stu
dents go to work in surrounding
communities within a 200-mile ra
dius. Here they become actual par
ticipants in an out-going commu
nity life.
All interested in this Fellowship
are welcome to come anil meet Mrs.
Baldwin todav.
Mrs. D. C. Baldwin, of the Liele
Fellowship, will be a guest at the
YWCA Coffee Hour this afternoon
from 3:30 to 5.
The Lisle Fellowship offers a va
riety of summer and year - round
projects open to upper - class and
graduate students who are seeking
effective ways of living with others
and of obtaining the kind of lead
ership adequate for today's world
needs. Each unit is a world com
munity in miniature providing its
students with a wide range of ex
priences in different situations.
This summer there will be units
in California, Colorado, and Con
necticut. Working teams of five or
six, representing the international
make-up ol the Fellowship, stu
dents go to work in surrounding
communities within a 200-mile ra
dius. Here they become actual par
ticipants in an out-going commu
nity life.
All interested in this Fellowship
are welcome to come anil meet Mrs.
Baldwin todav.
Mrs. D. C. Baldwin, of the Liele
Fellowship, will be a guest at the
YWCA Coffee Hour this afternoon
from 3:30 to 5.
The Lisle Fellowship offers a va
riety of summer and year - round
projects open to upper - class and
graduate students who are seeking
effective ways of living with others
and of obtaining the kind of lead
ership adequate for today's world
needs. Each unit is a world com
munity in miniature providing its
students with a wide range of ex
priences in different situations.
This summer there will be units
in California, Colorado, and Con
necticut. Working teams of five or
six, representing the international
make-up ol the Fellowship, stu
dents go to work in surrounding
communities within a 200-mile ra
dius. Here they become actual par
ticipants in an out-going commu
nity life.
All interested in this Fellowship
are welcome to come anil meet Mrs.
Baldwin todav.
Mrs. D. C. Baldwin, of the Liele
Fellowship, will be a guest at the
YWCA Coffee Hour this afternoon
from 3:30 to 5.
The Lisle Fellowship offers a va
riety of summer and year - round
projects open to upper - class and
graduate students who are seeking
effective ways of living with others
and of obtaining the kind of lead
ership adequate for today's world
needs. Each unit is a world com
munity in miniature providing its
students with a wide range of ex
priences in different situations.
This summer there will be units
in California, Colorado, and Con
necticut. Working teams of five or
six, representing the international
make-up ol the Fellowship, stu
dents go to work in surrounding
communities within a 200-mile ra
dius. Here they become actual par
ticipants in an out-going commu
nity life.
All interested in this Fellowship
are welcome to come anil meet Mrs.
Baldwin todav.
Mrs. D. C. Baldwin, of the Liele
Fellowship, will be a guest at the
YWCA Coffee Hour this afternoon
from 3:30 to 5.
The Lisle Fellowship offers a va
riety of summer and year - round
projects open to upper - class and
graduate students who are seeking
effective ways of living with others
and of obtaining the kind of lead
ership adequate for today's world
needs. Each unit is a world com
munity in miniature providing its
students with a wide range of ex
priences in different situations.
This summer there will be units
in California, Colorado, and Con
necticut. Working teams of five or
six, representing the international
make-up ol the Fellowship, stu
dents go to work in surrounding
communities within a 200-mile ra
dius. Here they become actual par
ticipants in an out-going commu
nity life.
All interested in this Fellowship
are welcome to come anil meet Mrs.
Baldwin todav.
Mrs. D. C. Baldwin, of the Liele
Fellowship, will be a guest at the
YWCA Coffee Hour this afternoon
from 3:30 to 5.
The Lisle Fellowship offers a va
riety of summer and year - round
projects open to upper - class and
graduate students who are seeking
effective ways of living with others
and of obtaining the kind of lead
ership adequate for today's world
needs. Each unit is a world com
munity in miniature providing its
students with a wide range of ex
priences in different situations.
This summer there will be units
in California, Colorado, and Con
necticut. Working teams of five or
six, representing the international
make-up ol the Fellowship, stu
dents go to work in surrounding
communities within a 200-mile ra
dius. Here they become actual par
ticipants in an out-going commu
nity life.
All interested in this Fellowship
are welcome to come anil meet Mrs.
Baldwin todav.
Mrs. D. C. Baldwin, of the Liele
Fellowship, will be a guest at the
YWCA Coffee Hour this afternoon
from 3:30 to 5.
The Lisle Fellowship offers a va
riety of summer and year - round
projects open to upper - class and
graduate students who are seeking
effective ways of living with others
and of obtaining the kind of lead
ership adequate for today's world
needs. Each unit is a world com
munity in miniature providing its
students with a wide range of ex
priences in different situations.
This summer there will be units
in California, Colorado, and Con
necticut. Working teams of five or
six, representing the international
make-up ol the Fellowship, stu
dents go to work in surrounding
communities within a 200-mile ra
dius. Here they become actual par
ticipants in an out-going commu
nity life.
All interested in this Fellowship
are welcome to come anil meet Mrs.
Baldwin todav.
Mrs. D. C. Baldwin, of the Liele
Fellowship, will be a guest at the
YWCA Coffee Hour this afternoon
from 3:30 to 5.
The Lisle Fellowship offers a va
riety of summer and year - round
projects open to upper - class and
graduate students who are seeking
effective ways of living with others
and of obtaining the kind of lead
ership adequate for today's world
needs. Each unit is a world com
munity in miniature providing its
students with a wide range of ex
priences in different situations.
This summer there will be units
in California, Colorado, and Con
necticut. Working teams of five or
six, representing the international
make-up ol the Fellowship, stu
dents go to work in surrounding
communities within a 200-mile ra
dius. Here they become actual par
ticipants in an out-going commu
nity life.
All interested in this Fellowship
are welcome to come anil meet Mrs.
Baldwin todav.
Mrs. D. C. Baldwin, of the Liele
Fellowship, will be a guest at the
YWCA Coffee Hour this afternoon
from 3:30 to 5.
The Lisle Fellowship offers a va
riety of summer and year - round
projects open to upper - class and
graduate students who are seeking
effective ways of living with others
and of obtaining the kind of lead
ership adequate for today's world
needs. Each unit is a world com
munity in miniature providing its
students with a wide range of ex
priences in different situations.
This summer there will be units
in California, Colorado, and Con
necticut. Working teams of five or
six, representing the international
make-up ol the Fellowship, stu
dents go to work in surrounding
communities within a 200-mile ra
dius. Here they become actual par
ticipants in an out-going commu
nity life.
All interested in this Fellowship
are welcome to come anil meet Mrs.
Baldwin todav.
Mrs. D. C. Baldwin, of the Liele
Fellowship, will be a guest at the
YWCA Coffee Hour this afternoon
from 3:30 to 5.
The Lisle Fellowship offers a va
riety of summer and year - round
projects open to upper - class and
graduate students who are seeking
effective ways of living with others
and of obtaining the kind of lead
ership adequate for today's world
needs. Each unit is a world com
munity in miniature providing its
students with a wide range of ex
priences in different situations.
This summer there will be units
in California, Colorado, and Con
necticut. Working teams of five or
six, representing the international
make-up ol the Fellowship, stu
dents go to work in surrounding
communities within a 200-mile ra
dius. Here they become actual par
ticipants in an out-going commu
nity life.
All interested in this Fellowship
are welcome to come anil meet Mrs.
Baldwin todav.
Mrs. D. C. Baldwin, of the Liele
Fellowship, will be a guest at the
YWCA Coffee Hour this afternoon
from 3:30 to 5.
The Lisle Fellowship offers a va
riety of summer and year - round
projects open to upper - class and
graduate students who are seeking
effective ways of living with others
and of obtaining the kind of lead
ership adequate for today's world
needs. Each unit is a world com
munity in miniature providing its
students with a wide range of ex
priences in different situations.
This summer there will be units
in California, Colorado, and Con
necticut. Working teams of five or
six, representing the international
make-up ol the Fellowship, stu
dents go to work in surrounding
communities within a 200-mile ra
dius. Here they become actual par
ticipants in an out-going commu
nity life.
All interested in this Fellowship
are welcome to come anil meet Mrs.
Baldwin todav.
Mrs. D. C. Baldwin, of the Liele
Fellowship, will be a guest at the
YWCA Coffee Hour this afternoon
from 3:30 to 5.
The Lisle Fellowship offers a va
riety of summer and year - round
projects open to upper - class and
graduate students who are seeking
effective ways of living with others
and of obtaining the kind of lead
ership adequate for today's world
needs. Each unit is a world com
munity in miniature providing its
students with a wide range of ex
priences in different situations.
This summer there will be units
in California, Colorado, and Con
necticut. Working teams of five or
six, representing the international
make-up ol the Fellowship, stu
dents go to work in surrounding
communities within a 200-mile ra
dius. Here they become actual par
ticipants in an out-going commu
nity life.
All interested in this Fellowship
are welcome to come anil meet Mrs.
Baldwin todav.
Mrs. D. C. Baldwin, of the Liele
Fellowship, will be a guest at the
YWCA Coffee Hour this afternoon
from 3:30 to 5.
The Lisle Fellowship offers a va
riety of summer and year - round
projects open to upper - class and
graduate students who are seeking
effective ways of living with others
and of obtaining the kind of lead
ership adequate for today's world
needs. Each unit is a world com
munity in miniature providing its
students with a wide range of ex
priences in different situations.
This summer there will be units
in California, Colorado, and Con
necticut. Working teams of five or
six, representing the international
make-up ol the Fellowship, stu
dents go to work in surrounding
communities within a 200-mile ra
dius. Here they become actual par
ticipants in an out-going commu
nity life.
All interested in this Fellowship
are welcome to come anil meet Mrs.
Baldwin todav.
Mrs. D. C. Baldwin, of the Liele
Fellowship, will be a guest at the
YWCA Coffee Hour this afternoon
from 3:30 to 5.
The Lisle Fellowship offers a va
riety of summer and year - round
projects open to upper - class and
graduate students who are seeking
effective ways of living with others
and of obtaining the kind of lead
ership adequate for today's world
needs. Each unit is a world com
munity in miniature providing its
students with a wide range of ex
priences in different situations.
This summer there will be units
in California, Colorado, and Con
necticut. Working teams of five or
six, representing the international
make-up ol the Fellowship, stu
dents go to work in surrounding
communities within a 200-mile ra
dius. Here they become actual par
ticipants in an out-going commu
nity life.
All interested in this Fellowship
are welcome to come anil meet Mrs.
Baldwin todav.
