# FROZEN YUKON
## 
### 
Troy L. Pewe will discuss the geo
morphology and permafrost of ihc
Lower Yukon River Valley at a
meeting'of th? Journal Club of the
School of Mineral Sciences Monday
at 4 in room 320 of the Geology
Building.
Troy L. Pewe will discuss the geo
morphology and permafrost of ihc
Lower Yukon River Valley at a
meeting'of th? Journal Club of the
School of Mineral Sciences Monday
at 4 in room 320 of the Geology
Building.
Troy L. Pewe will discuss the geo
morphology and permafrost of ihc
Lower Yukon River Valley at a
meeting'of th? Journal Club of the
School of Mineral Sciences Monday
at 4 in room 320 of the Geology
Building.
Troy L. Pewe will discuss the geo
morphology and permafrost of ihc
Lower Yukon River Valley at a
meeting'of th? Journal Club of the
School of Mineral Sciences Monday
at 4 in room 320 of the Geology
Building.
Troy L. Pewe will discuss the geo
morphology and permafrost of ihc
Lower Yukon River Valley at a
meeting'of th? Journal Club of the
School of Mineral Sciences Monday
at 4 in room 320 of the Geology
Building.
Troy L. Pewe will discuss the geo
morphology and permafrost of ihc
Lower Yukon River Valley at a
meeting'of th? Journal Club of the
School of Mineral Sciences Monday
at 4 in room 320 of the Geology
Building.
Troy L. Pewe will discuss the geo
morphology and permafrost of ihc
Lower Yukon River Valley at a
meeting'of th? Journal Club of the
School of Mineral Sciences Monday
at 4 in room 320 of the Geology
Building.
Troy L. Pewe will discuss the geo
morphology and permafrost of ihc
Lower Yukon River Valley at a
meeting'of th? Journal Club of the
School of Mineral Sciences Monday
at 4 in room 320 of the Geology
Building.
Troy L. Pewe will discuss the geo
morphology and permafrost of ihc
Lower Yukon River Valley at a
meeting'of th? Journal Club of the
School of Mineral Sciences Monday
at 4 in room 320 of the Geology
Building.
Troy L. Pewe will discuss the geo
morphology and permafrost of ihc
Lower Yukon River Valley at a
meeting'of th? Journal Club of the
School of Mineral Sciences Monday
at 4 in room 320 of the Geology
Building.
Troy L. Pewe will discuss the geo
morphology and permafrost of ihc
Lower Yukon River Valley at a
meeting'of th? Journal Club of the
School of Mineral Sciences Monday
at 4 in room 320 of the Geology
Building.
Troy L. Pewe will discuss the geo
morphology and permafrost of ihc
Lower Yukon River Valley at a
meeting'of th? Journal Club of the
School of Mineral Sciences Monday
at 4 in room 320 of the Geology
Building.
Troy L. Pewe will discuss the geo
morphology and permafrost of ihc
Lower Yukon River Valley at a
meeting'of th? Journal Club of the
School of Mineral Sciences Monday
at 4 in room 320 of the Geology
Building.
Troy L. Pewe will discuss the geo
morphology and permafrost of ihc
Lower Yukon River Valley at a
meeting'of th? Journal Club of the
School of Mineral Sciences Monday
at 4 in room 320 of the Geology
Building.
Troy L. Pewe will discuss the geo
morphology and permafrost of ihc
Lower Yukon River Valley at a
meeting'of th? Journal Club of the
School of Mineral Sciences Monday
at 4 in room 320 of the Geology
Building.
