# Orphans Prep For Heavers
## 
### 
The orphaned Stanford crew, with
less than a month remaining before
their opening race, is rowing six
days per week in preparation for its
first season since the war. On Mar.
8, the Indian oarsmen will compete
at Corvallis against the Beavers of
Oregon State. The event will take
place on the Willamette River, with
the distance set at 1.500 meters up
stream.
As means'ot preparation, the crew
is holding time trials over varied
distances weekly. An intra-squad
race has been planned for Sunday,
Feb. 16, in which the less experienc
ed but promising second and third
shells will be given an opportunity
to out-stroke the Varsity oarsmen.
The crew is operating without any
S.A.C. financial help.
