# New Surgery Saves Infant
## 
### 
Skill of a Stanford Hospital sur
geon has saved the life of a 10-day
old infant. The doctor, who refused
to give his name "for ethical rea
sons," successfully performed an
operation possible only since 1943.
and so delicate it is often fatal.
Three - old Kenneth David
Oresti was born practically starved,
one of those rare cases in which the
esophagus is closed by ending far
short of its normal connection with
the stomach.
With skill that approached wiz
ardry, the doctor sutured the mi
nute esophagus and trachea into the
tiny boy's body. A needle through
which the infant is artificially fed
was then introduced through the
skin of his back.
The Oresti child is one of 13 new
born infants ever to survive the op
eration, and the third within three
months on whom the operation has
been performed at the Stanford
Hospital.
Skill of a Stanford Hospital sur
geon has saved the life of a 10-day
old infant. The doctor, who refused
to give his name "for ethical rea
sons," successfully performed an
operation possible only since 1943.
and so delicate it is often fatal.
Three - old Kenneth David
Oresti was born practically starved,
one of those rare cases in which the
esophagus is closed by ending far
short of its normal connection with
the stomach.
With skill that approached wiz
ardry, the doctor sutured the mi
nute esophagus and trachea into the
tiny boy's body. A needle through
which the infant is artificially fed
was then introduced through the
skin of his back.
The Oresti child is one of 13 new
born infants ever to survive the op
eration, and the third within three
months on whom the operation has
been performed at the Stanford
Hospital.
Skill of a Stanford Hospital sur
geon has saved the life of a 10-day
old infant. The doctor, who refused
to give his name "for ethical rea
sons," successfully performed an
operation possible only since 1943.
and so delicate it is often fatal.
Three - old Kenneth David
Oresti was born practically starved,
one of those rare cases in which the
esophagus is closed by ending far
short of its normal connection with
the stomach.
With skill that approached wiz
ardry, the doctor sutured the mi
nute esophagus and trachea into the
tiny boy's body. A needle through
which the infant is artificially fed
was then introduced through the
skin of his back.
The Oresti child is one of 13 new
born infants ever to survive the op
eration, and the third within three
months on whom the operation has
been performed at the Stanford
Hospital.
Skill of a Stanford Hospital sur
geon has saved the life of a 10-day
old infant. The doctor, who refused
to give his name "for ethical rea
sons," successfully performed an
operation possible only since 1943.
and so delicate it is often fatal.
Three - old Kenneth David
Oresti was born practically starved,
one of those rare cases in which the
esophagus is closed by ending far
short of its normal connection with
the stomach.
With skill that approached wiz
ardry, the doctor sutured the mi
nute esophagus and trachea into the
tiny boy's body. A needle through
which the infant is artificially fed
was then introduced through the
skin of his back.
The Oresti child is one of 13 new
born infants ever to survive the op
eration, and the third within three
months on whom the operation has
been performed at the Stanford
Hospital.
Skill of a Stanford Hospital sur
geon has saved the life of a 10-day
old infant. The doctor, who refused
to give his name "for ethical rea
sons," successfully performed an
operation possible only since 1943.
and so delicate it is often fatal.
Three - old Kenneth David
Oresti was born practically starved,
one of those rare cases in which the
esophagus is closed by ending far
short of its normal connection with
the stomach.
With skill that approached wiz
ardry, the doctor sutured the mi
nute esophagus and trachea into the
tiny boy's body. A needle through
which the infant is artificially fed
was then introduced through the
skin of his back.
The Oresti child is one of 13 new
born infants ever to survive the op
eration, and the third within three
months on whom the operation has
been performed at the Stanford
Hospital.
Skill of a Stanford Hospital sur
geon has saved the life of a 10-day
old infant. The doctor, who refused
to give his name "for ethical rea
sons," successfully performed an
operation possible only since 1943.
and so delicate it is often fatal.
Three - old Kenneth David
Oresti was born practically starved,
one of those rare cases in which the
esophagus is closed by ending far
short of its normal connection with
the stomach.
With skill that approached wiz
ardry, the doctor sutured the mi
nute esophagus and trachea into the
tiny boy's body. A needle through
which the infant is artificially fed
was then introduced through the
skin of his back.
The Oresti child is one of 13 new
born infants ever to survive the op
eration, and the third within three
months on whom the operation has
been performed at the Stanford
Hospital.
Skill of a Stanford Hospital sur
geon has saved the life of a 10-day
old infant. The doctor, who refused
to give his name "for ethical rea
sons," successfully performed an
operation possible only since 1943.
and so delicate it is often fatal.
Three - old Kenneth David
Oresti was born practically starved,
one of those rare cases in which the
esophagus is closed by ending far
short of its normal connection with
the stomach.
With skill that approached wiz
ardry, the doctor sutured the mi
nute esophagus and trachea into the
tiny boy's body. A needle through
which the infant is artificially fed
was then introduced through the
skin of his back.
The Oresti child is one of 13 new
born infants ever to survive the op
eration, and the third within three
months on whom the operation has
been performed at the Stanford
Hospital.
Skill of a Stanford Hospital sur
geon has saved the life of a 10-day
old infant. The doctor, who refused
to give his name "for ethical rea
sons," successfully performed an
operation possible only since 1943.
and so delicate it is often fatal.
Three - old Kenneth David
Oresti was born practically starved,
one of those rare cases in which the
esophagus is closed by ending far
short of its normal connection with
the stomach.
With skill that approached wiz
ardry, the doctor sutured the mi
nute esophagus and trachea into the
tiny boy's body. A needle through
which the infant is artificially fed
was then introduced through the
skin of his back.
The Oresti child is one of 13 new
born infants ever to survive the op
eration, and the third within three
months on whom the operation has
been performed at the Stanford
Hospital.
Skill of a Stanford Hospital sur
geon has saved the life of a 10-day
old infant. The doctor, who refused
to give his name "for ethical rea
sons," successfully performed an
operation possible only since 1943.
and so delicate it is often fatal.
Three - old Kenneth David
Oresti was born practically starved,
one of those rare cases in which the
esophagus is closed by ending far
short of its normal connection with
the stomach.
With skill that approached wiz
ardry, the doctor sutured the mi
nute esophagus and trachea into the
tiny boy's body. A needle through
which the infant is artificially fed
was then introduced through the
skin of his back.
The Oresti child is one of 13 new
born infants ever to survive the op
eration, and the third within three
months on whom the operation has
been performed at the Stanford
Hospital.
Skill of a Stanford Hospital sur
geon has saved the life of a 10-day
old infant. The doctor, who refused
to give his name "for ethical rea
sons," successfully performed an
operation possible only since 1943.
and so delicate it is often fatal.
Three - old Kenneth David
Oresti was born practically starved,
one of those rare cases in which the
esophagus is closed by ending far
short of its normal connection with
the stomach.
With skill that approached wiz
ardry, the doctor sutured the mi
nute esophagus and trachea into the
tiny boy's body. A needle through
which the infant is artificially fed
was then introduced through the
skin of his back.
The Oresti child is one of 13 new
born infants ever to survive the op
eration, and the third within three
months on whom the operation has
been performed at the Stanford
Hospital.
Skill of a Stanford Hospital sur
geon has saved the life of a 10-day
old infant. The doctor, who refused
to give his name "for ethical rea
sons," successfully performed an
operation possible only since 1943.
and so delicate it is often fatal.
Three - old Kenneth David
Oresti was born practically starved,
one of those rare cases in which the
esophagus is closed by ending far
short of its normal connection with
the stomach.
With skill that approached wiz
ardry, the doctor sutured the mi
nute esophagus and trachea into the
tiny boy's body. A needle through
which the infant is artificially fed
was then introduced through the
skin of his back.
The Oresti child is one of 13 new
born infants ever to survive the op
eration, and the third within three
months on whom the operation has
been performed at the Stanford
Hospital.
Skill of a Stanford Hospital sur
geon has saved the life of a 10-day
old infant. The doctor, who refused
to give his name "for ethical rea
sons," successfully performed an
operation possible only since 1943.
and so delicate it is often fatal.
Three - old Kenneth David
Oresti was born practically starved,
one of those rare cases in which the
esophagus is closed by ending far
short of its normal connection with
the stomach.
With skill that approached wiz
ardry, the doctor sutured the mi
nute esophagus and trachea into the
tiny boy's body. A needle through
which the infant is artificially fed
was then introduced through the
skin of his back.
The Oresti child is one of 13 new
born infants ever to survive the op
eration, and the third within three
months on whom the operation has
been performed at the Stanford
Hospital.
Skill of a Stanford Hospital sur
geon has saved the life of a 10-day
old infant. The doctor, who refused
to give his name "for ethical rea
sons," successfully performed an
operation possible only since 1943.
and so delicate it is often fatal.
Three - old Kenneth David
Oresti was born practically starved,
one of those rare cases in which the
esophagus is closed by ending far
short of its normal connection with
the stomach.
With skill that approached wiz
ardry, the doctor sutured the mi
nute esophagus and trachea into the
tiny boy's body. A needle through
which the infant is artificially fed
was then introduced through the
skin of his back.
The Oresti child is one of 13 new
born infants ever to survive the op
eration, and the third within three
months on whom the operation has
been performed at the Stanford
Hospital.
Skill of a Stanford Hospital sur
geon has saved the life of a 10-day
old infant. The doctor, who refused
to give his name "for ethical rea
sons," successfully performed an
operation possible only since 1943.
and so delicate it is often fatal.
Three - old Kenneth David
Oresti was born practically starved,
one of those rare cases in which the
esophagus is closed by ending far
short of its normal connection with
the stomach.
With skill that approached wiz
ardry, the doctor sutured the mi
nute esophagus and trachea into the
tiny boy's body. A needle through
which the infant is artificially fed
was then introduced through the
skin of his back.
The Oresti child is one of 13 new
born infants ever to survive the op
eration, and the third within three
months on whom the operation has
been performed at the Stanford
Hospital.
Skill of a Stanford Hospital sur
geon has saved the life of a 10-day
old infant. The doctor, who refused
to give his name "for ethical rea
sons," successfully performed an
operation possible only since 1943.
and so delicate it is often fatal.
Three - old Kenneth David
Oresti was born practically starved,
one of those rare cases in which the
esophagus is closed by ending far
short of its normal connection with
the stomach.
With skill that approached wiz
ardry, the doctor sutured the mi
nute esophagus and trachea into the
tiny boy's body. A needle through
which the infant is artificially fed
was then introduced through the
skin of his back.
The Oresti child is one of 13 new
born infants ever to survive the op
eration, and the third within three
months on whom the operation has
been performed at the Stanford
Hospital.
