# ALL LIT UP
## 
### 
Stanford's new ail - electro
scoreboard is here and will J>«
installed in lime for tonight';
game, according to publicity mai
Don Licbendorfer. 'lhe board i
operated by remote control Iron
the scorer's bench; little light:
show the minutes left to play an«
the score. A second innovatioi
will be the use of a siren iusteai
of a gun a I the end of the halve-
Stanford's new ail - electro
scoreboard is here and will J>«
installed in lime for tonight';
game, according to publicity mai
Don Licbendorfer. 'lhe board i
operated by remote control Iron
the scorer's bench; little light:
show the minutes left to play an«
the score. A second innovatioi
will be the use of a siren iusteai
of a gun a I the end of the halve-
Stanford's new ail - electro
scoreboard is here and will J>«
installed in lime for tonight';
game, according to publicity mai
Don Licbendorfer. 'lhe board i
operated by remote control Iron
the scorer's bench; little light:
show the minutes left to play an«
the score. A second innovatioi
will be the use of a siren iusteai
of a gun a I the end of the halve-
Stanford's new ail - electro
scoreboard is here and will J>«
installed in lime for tonight';
game, according to publicity mai
Don Licbendorfer. 'lhe board i
operated by remote control Iron
the scorer's bench; little light:
show the minutes left to play an«
the score. A second innovatioi
will be the use of a siren iusteai
of a gun a I the end of the halve-
Stanford's new ail - electro
scoreboard is here and will J>«
installed in lime for tonight';
game, according to publicity mai
Don Licbendorfer. 'lhe board i
operated by remote control Iron
the scorer's bench; little light:
show the minutes left to play an«
the score. A second innovatioi
will be the use of a siren iusteai
of a gun a I the end of the halve-
Stanford's new ail - electro
scoreboard is here and will J>«
installed in lime for tonight';
game, according to publicity mai
Don Licbendorfer. 'lhe board i
operated by remote control Iron
the scorer's bench; little light:
show the minutes left to play an«
the score. A second innovatioi
will be the use of a siren iusteai
of a gun a I the end of the halve-
Stanford's new ail - electro
scoreboard is here and will J>«
installed in lime for tonight';
game, according to publicity mai
Don Licbendorfer. 'lhe board i
operated by remote control Iron
the scorer's bench; little light:
show the minutes left to play an«
the score. A second innovatioi
will be the use of a siren iusteai
of a gun a I the end of the halve-
Stanford's new ail - electro
scoreboard is here and will J>«
installed in lime for tonight';
game, according to publicity mai
Don Licbendorfer. 'lhe board i
operated by remote control Iron
the scorer's bench; little light:
show the minutes left to play an«
the score. A second innovatioi
will be the use of a siren iusteai
of a gun a I the end of the halve-
Stanford's new ail - electro
scoreboard is here and will J>«
installed in lime for tonight';
game, according to publicity mai
Don Licbendorfer. 'lhe board i
operated by remote control Iron
the scorer's bench; little light:
show the minutes left to play an«
the score. A second innovatioi
will be the use of a siren iusteai
of a gun a I the end of the halve-
Stanford's new ail - electro
scoreboard is here and will J>«
installed in lime for tonight';
game, according to publicity mai
Don Licbendorfer. 'lhe board i
operated by remote control Iron
the scorer's bench; little light:
show the minutes left to play an«
the score. A second innovatioi
will be the use of a siren iusteai
of a gun a I the end of the halve-
Stanford's new ail - electro
scoreboard is here and will J>«
installed in lime for tonight';
game, according to publicity mai
Don Licbendorfer. 'lhe board i
operated by remote control Iron
the scorer's bench; little light:
show the minutes left to play an«
the score. A second innovatioi
will be the use of a siren iusteai
of a gun a I the end of the halve-
Stanford's new ail - electro
scoreboard is here and will J>«
installed in lime for tonight';
game, according to publicity mai
Don Licbendorfer. 'lhe board i
operated by remote control Iron
the scorer's bench; little light:
show the minutes left to play an«
the score. A second innovatioi
will be the use of a siren iusteai
of a gun a I the end of the halve-
Stanford's new ail - electro
scoreboard is here and will J>«
installed in lime for tonight';
game, according to publicity mai
Don Licbendorfer. 'lhe board i
operated by remote control Iron
the scorer's bench; little light:
show the minutes left to play an«
the score. A second innovatioi
will be the use of a siren iusteai
of a gun a I the end of the halve-
Stanford's new ail - electro
scoreboard is here and will J>«
installed in lime for tonight';
game, according to publicity mai
Don Licbendorfer. 'lhe board i
operated by remote control Iron
the scorer's bench; little light:
show the minutes left to play an«
the score. A second innovatioi
will be the use of a siren iusteai
of a gun a I the end of the halve-
Stanford's new ail - electro
scoreboard is here and will J>«
installed in lime for tonight';
game, according to publicity mai
Don Licbendorfer. 'lhe board i
operated by remote control Iron
the scorer's bench; little light:
show the minutes left to play an«
the score. A second innovatioi
will be the use of a siren iusteai
of a gun a I the end of the halve-
