# Lagunita Election Results Announced
## 
### 
Ccisa presidents and Committee of
Seven members were elected yes
terday at Lagunita. The new ofii
cers arc:
Addl'a: Beverly Green, president;
Poggy Smith, committee member.
Euealypto: Betsey Wilson, presi
dent; Mary Shannon, committee
member.
Granada: Pat Mann, president;
Lisa Painter, committee member.
Olivo: Leslie Greif, president;
Fran Garvin, committee member.
Magnolia: B. J. Denning, presi
dent; Ermalou Ebener, committee
member.
Naranja: Katie Owen, president;
Rita Scbel, committee member.
Ccisa presidents and Committee of
Seven members were elected yes
terday at Lagunita. The new ofii
cers arc:
Addl'a: Beverly Green, president;
Poggy Smith, committee member.
Euealypto: Betsey Wilson, presi
dent; Mary Shannon, committee
member.
Granada: Pat Mann, president;
Lisa Painter, committee member.
Olivo: Leslie Greif, president;
Fran Garvin, committee member.
Magnolia: B. J. Denning, presi
dent; Ermalou Ebener, committee
member.
Naranja: Katie Owen, president;
Rita Scbel, committee member.
Ccisa presidents and Committee of
Seven members were elected yes
terday at Lagunita. The new ofii
cers arc:
Addl'a: Beverly Green, president;
Poggy Smith, committee member.
Euealypto: Betsey Wilson, presi
dent; Mary Shannon, committee
member.
Granada: Pat Mann, president;
Lisa Painter, committee member.
Olivo: Leslie Greif, president;
Fran Garvin, committee member.
Magnolia: B. J. Denning, presi
dent; Ermalou Ebener, committee
member.
Naranja: Katie Owen, president;
Rita Scbel, committee member.
Ccisa presidents and Committee of
Seven members were elected yes
terday at Lagunita. The new ofii
cers arc:
Addl'a: Beverly Green, president;
Poggy Smith, committee member.
Euealypto: Betsey Wilson, presi
dent; Mary Shannon, committee
member.
Granada: Pat Mann, president;
Lisa Painter, committee member.
Olivo: Leslie Greif, president;
Fran Garvin, committee member.
Magnolia: B. J. Denning, presi
dent; Ermalou Ebener, committee
member.
Naranja: Katie Owen, president;
Rita Scbel, committee member.
Ccisa presidents and Committee of
Seven members were elected yes
terday at Lagunita. The new ofii
cers arc:
Addl'a: Beverly Green, president;
Poggy Smith, committee member.
Euealypto: Betsey Wilson, presi
dent; Mary Shannon, committee
member.
Granada: Pat Mann, president;
Lisa Painter, committee member.
Olivo: Leslie Greif, president;
Fran Garvin, committee member.
Magnolia: B. J. Denning, presi
dent; Ermalou Ebener, committee
member.
Naranja: Katie Owen, president;
Rita Scbel, committee member.
Ccisa presidents and Committee of
Seven members were elected yes
terday at Lagunita. The new ofii
cers arc:
Addl'a: Beverly Green, president;
Poggy Smith, committee member.
Euealypto: Betsey Wilson, presi
dent; Mary Shannon, committee
member.
Granada: Pat Mann, president;
Lisa Painter, committee member.
Olivo: Leslie Greif, president;
Fran Garvin, committee member.
Magnolia: B. J. Denning, presi
dent; Ermalou Ebener, committee
member.
Naranja: Katie Owen, president;
Rita Scbel, committee member.
Ccisa presidents and Committee of
Seven members were elected yes
terday at Lagunita. The new ofii
cers arc:
Addl'a: Beverly Green, president;
Poggy Smith, committee member.
Euealypto: Betsey Wilson, presi
dent; Mary Shannon, committee
member.
Granada: Pat Mann, president;
Lisa Painter, committee member.
Olivo: Leslie Greif, president;
Fran Garvin, committee member.
Magnolia: B. J. Denning, presi
dent; Ermalou Ebener, committee
member.
Naranja: Katie Owen, president;
Rita Scbel, committee member.
Ccisa presidents and Committee of
Seven members were elected yes
terday at Lagunita. The new ofii
cers arc:
Addl'a: Beverly Green, president;
Poggy Smith, committee member.
Euealypto: Betsey Wilson, presi
dent; Mary Shannon, committee
member.
Granada: Pat Mann, president;
Lisa Painter, committee member.
Olivo: Leslie Greif, president;
Fran Garvin, committee member.
Magnolia: B. J. Denning, presi
dent; Ermalou Ebener, committee
member.
Naranja: Katie Owen, president;
Rita Scbel, committee member.
Ccisa presidents and Committee of
Seven members were elected yes
terday at Lagunita. The new ofii
cers arc:
Addl'a: Beverly Green, president;
Poggy Smith, committee member.
Euealypto: Betsey Wilson, presi
dent; Mary Shannon, committee
member.
Granada: Pat Mann, president;
Lisa Painter, committee member.
Olivo: Leslie Greif, president;
Fran Garvin, committee member.
Magnolia: B. J. Denning, presi
dent; Ermalou Ebener, committee
member.
Naranja: Katie Owen, president;
Rita Scbel, committee member.
Ccisa presidents and Committee of
Seven members were elected yes
terday at Lagunita. The new ofii
cers arc:
Addl'a: Beverly Green, president;
Poggy Smith, committee member.
Euealypto: Betsey Wilson, presi
dent; Mary Shannon, committee
member.
Granada: Pat Mann, president;
Lisa Painter, committee member.
Olivo: Leslie Greif, president;
Fran Garvin, committee member.
Magnolia: B. J. Denning, presi
dent; Ermalou Ebener, committee
member.
Naranja: Katie Owen, president;
Rita Scbel, committee member.
Ccisa presidents and Committee of
Seven members were elected yes
terday at Lagunita. The new ofii
cers arc:
Addl'a: Beverly Green, president;
Poggy Smith, committee member.
Euealypto: Betsey Wilson, presi
dent; Mary Shannon, committee
member.
Granada: Pat Mann, president;
Lisa Painter, committee member.
Olivo: Leslie Greif, president;
Fran Garvin, committee member.
Magnolia: B. J. Denning, presi
dent; Ermalou Ebener, committee
member.
Naranja: Katie Owen, president;
Rita Scbel, committee member.
Ccisa presidents and Committee of
Seven members were elected yes
terday at Lagunita. The new ofii
cers arc:
Addl'a: Beverly Green, president;
Poggy Smith, committee member.
Euealypto: Betsey Wilson, presi
dent; Mary Shannon, committee
member.
Granada: Pat Mann, president;
Lisa Painter, committee member.
Olivo: Leslie Greif, president;
Fran Garvin, committee member.
Magnolia: B. J. Denning, presi
dent; Ermalou Ebener, committee
member.
Naranja: Katie Owen, president;
Rita Scbel, committee member.
Ccisa presidents and Committee of
Seven members were elected yes
terday at Lagunita. The new ofii
cers arc:
Addl'a: Beverly Green, president;
Poggy Smith, committee member.
Euealypto: Betsey Wilson, presi
dent; Mary Shannon, committee
member.
Granada: Pat Mann, president;
Lisa Painter, committee member.
Olivo: Leslie Greif, president;
Fran Garvin, committee member.
Magnolia: B. J. Denning, presi
dent; Ermalou Ebener, committee
member.
Naranja: Katie Owen, president;
Rita Scbel, committee member.
Ccisa presidents and Committee of
Seven members were elected yes
terday at Lagunita. The new ofii
cers arc:
Addl'a: Beverly Green, president;
Poggy Smith, committee member.
Euealypto: Betsey Wilson, presi
dent; Mary Shannon, committee
member.
Granada: Pat Mann, president;
Lisa Painter, committee member.
Olivo: Leslie Greif, president;
Fran Garvin, committee member.
Magnolia: B. J. Denning, presi
dent; Ermalou Ebener, committee
member.
Naranja: Katie Owen, president;
Rita Scbel, committee member.
Ccisa presidents and Committee of
Seven members were elected yes
terday at Lagunita. The new ofii
cers arc:
Addl'a: Beverly Green, president;
Poggy Smith, committee member.
Euealypto: Betsey Wilson, presi
dent; Mary Shannon, committee
member.
Granada: Pat Mann, president;
Lisa Painter, committee member.
Olivo: Leslie Greif, president;
Fran Garvin, committee member.
Magnolia: B. J. Denning, presi
dent; Ermalou Ebener, committee
member.
Naranja: Katie Owen, president;
Rita Scbel, committee member.
