# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
Pranks
by
Artcraft
A coppcr tone in hosiery at
$1.00 a pair.
★
So attractive with the new
saddle tan oxfords
★
cHxqaXS"
174 UNIVERSITY AVE.
Pranks
by
Artcraft
A coppcr tone in hosiery at
$1.00 a pair.
★
So attractive with the new
saddle tan oxfords
★
cHxqaXS"
174 UNIVERSITY AVE.
Pranks
by
Artcraft
A coppcr tone in hosiery at
$1.00 a pair.
★
So attractive with the new
saddle tan oxfords
★
cHxqaXS"
174 UNIVERSITY AVE.
Pranks
by
Artcraft
A coppcr tone in hosiery at
$1.00 a pair.
★
So attractive with the new
saddle tan oxfords
★
cHxqaXS"
174 UNIVERSITY AVE.
Pranks
by
Artcraft
A coppcr tone in hosiery at
$1.00 a pair.
★
So attractive with the new
saddle tan oxfords
★
cHxqaXS"
174 UNIVERSITY AVE.
Pranks
by
Artcraft
A coppcr tone in hosiery at
$1.00 a pair.
★
So attractive with the new
saddle tan oxfords
★
cHxqaXS"
174 UNIVERSITY AVE.
Pranks
by
Artcraft
A coppcr tone in hosiery at
$1.00 a pair.
★
So attractive with the new
saddle tan oxfords
★
cHxqaXS"
174 UNIVERSITY AVE.
Pranks
by
Artcraft
A coppcr tone in hosiery at
$1.00 a pair.
★
So attractive with the new
saddle tan oxfords
★
cHxqaXS"
174 UNIVERSITY AVE.
Pranks
by
Artcraft
A coppcr tone in hosiery at
$1.00 a pair.
★
So attractive with the new
saddle tan oxfords
★
cHxqaXS"
174 UNIVERSITY AVE.
Pranks
by
Artcraft
A coppcr tone in hosiery at
$1.00 a pair.
★
So attractive with the new
saddle tan oxfords
★
cHxqaXS"
174 UNIVERSITY AVE.
Pranks
by
Artcraft
A coppcr tone in hosiery at
$1.00 a pair.
★
So attractive with the new
saddle tan oxfords
★
cHxqaXS"
174 UNIVERSITY AVE.
Pranks
by
Artcraft
A coppcr tone in hosiery at
$1.00 a pair.
★
So attractive with the new
saddle tan oxfords
★
cHxqaXS"
174 UNIVERSITY AVE.
Pranks
by
Artcraft
A coppcr tone in hosiery at
$1.00 a pair.
★
So attractive with the new
saddle tan oxfords
★
cHxqaXS"
174 UNIVERSITY AVE.
Pranks
by
Artcraft
A coppcr tone in hosiery at
$1.00 a pair.
★
So attractive with the new
saddle tan oxfords
★
cHxqaXS"
174 UNIVERSITY AVE.
Pranks
by
Artcraft
A coppcr tone in hosiery at
$1.00 a pair.
★
So attractive with the new
saddle tan oxfords
★
cHxqaXS"
174 UNIVERSITY AVE.
Pranks
by
Artcraft
A coppcr tone in hosiery at
$1.00 a pair.
★
So attractive with the new
saddle tan oxfords
★
cHxqaXS"
174 UNIVERSITY AVE.
