# Used Frying Pan
## 
### 

Mrs. Mary Iliguera spanked her
stepdaughter with a hot frying
pan. As a result, she was sen
tenced to 180 days in Los
Angeles jail. (A.P. photo)

Mrs. Mary Iliguera spanked her
stepdaughter with a hot frying
pan. As a result, she was sen
tenced to 180 days in Los
Angeles jail. (A.P. photo)

Mrs. Mary Iliguera spanked her
stepdaughter with a hot frying
pan. As a result, she was sen
tenced to 180 days in Los
Angeles jail. (A.P. photo)

Mrs. Mary Iliguera spanked her
stepdaughter with a hot frying
pan. As a result, she was sen
tenced to 180 days in Los
Angeles jail. (A.P. photo)

Mrs. Mary Iliguera spanked her
stepdaughter with a hot frying
pan. As a result, she was sen
tenced to 180 days in Los
Angeles jail. (A.P. photo)

Mrs. Mary Iliguera spanked her
stepdaughter with a hot frying
pan. As a result, she was sen
tenced to 180 days in Los
Angeles jail. (A.P. photo)

Mrs. Mary Iliguera spanked her
stepdaughter with a hot frying
pan. As a result, she was sen
tenced to 180 days in Los
Angeles jail. (A.P. photo)

Mrs. Mary Iliguera spanked her
stepdaughter with a hot frying
pan. As a result, she was sen
tenced to 180 days in Los
Angeles jail. (A.P. photo)

Mrs. Mary Iliguera spanked her
stepdaughter with a hot frying
pan. As a result, she was sen
tenced to 180 days in Los
Angeles jail. (A.P. photo)

Mrs. Mary Iliguera spanked her
stepdaughter with a hot frying
pan. As a result, she was sen
tenced to 180 days in Los
Angeles jail. (A.P. photo)

Mrs. Mary Iliguera spanked her
stepdaughter with a hot frying
pan. As a result, she was sen
tenced to 180 days in Los
Angeles jail. (A.P. photo)

Mrs. Mary Iliguera spanked her
stepdaughter with a hot frying
pan. As a result, she was sen
tenced to 180 days in Los
Angeles jail. (A.P. photo)

Mrs. Mary Iliguera spanked her
stepdaughter with a hot frying
pan. As a result, she was sen
tenced to 180 days in Los
Angeles jail. (A.P. photo)

Mrs. Mary Iliguera spanked her
stepdaughter with a hot frying
pan. As a result, she was sen
tenced to 180 days in Los
Angeles jail. (A.P. photo)

Mrs. Mary Iliguera spanked her
stepdaughter with a hot frying
pan. As a result, she was sen
tenced to 180 days in Los
Angeles jail. (A.P. photo)

Mrs. Mary Iliguera spanked her
stepdaughter with a hot frying
pan. As a result, she was sen
tenced to 180 days in Los
Angeles jail. (A.P. photo)
