# Santa Clara to Entertain Stanford Men at Cabaret
## 
### 
Through the generous spirit of
Santa Clarans one hundred Stafford
men are to be guests of the Mission
ites at a cabaret given at the St.
Francis tomorrow evening. Immedi
ately after the banquet, a parade,
headed by the Stanford Hand, will
march the streets of San Francisco,
announcing to the public that once
more the Big Game is near at hand.
Through the generous spirit of
Santa Clarans one hundred Stafford
men are to be guests of the Mission
ites at a cabaret given at the St.
Francis tomorrow evening. Immedi
ately after the banquet, a parade,
headed by the Stanford Hand, will
march the streets of San Francisco,
announcing to the public that once
more the Big Game is near at hand.
Through the generous spirit of
Santa Clarans one hundred Stafford
men are to be guests of the Mission
ites at a cabaret given at the St.
Francis tomorrow evening. Immedi
ately after the banquet, a parade,
headed by the Stanford Hand, will
march the streets of San Francisco,
announcing to the public that once
more the Big Game is near at hand.
Through the generous spirit of
Santa Clarans one hundred Stafford
men are to be guests of the Mission
ites at a cabaret given at the St.
Francis tomorrow evening. Immedi
ately after the banquet, a parade,
headed by the Stanford Hand, will
march the streets of San Francisco,
announcing to the public that once
more the Big Game is near at hand.
Through the generous spirit of
Santa Clarans one hundred Stafford
men are to be guests of the Mission
ites at a cabaret given at the St.
Francis tomorrow evening. Immedi
ately after the banquet, a parade,
headed by the Stanford Hand, will
march the streets of San Francisco,
announcing to the public that once
more the Big Game is near at hand.
Through the generous spirit of
Santa Clarans one hundred Stafford
men are to be guests of the Mission
ites at a cabaret given at the St.
Francis tomorrow evening. Immedi
ately after the banquet, a parade,
headed by the Stanford Hand, will
march the streets of San Francisco,
announcing to the public that once
more the Big Game is near at hand.
Through the generous spirit of
Santa Clarans one hundred Stafford
men are to be guests of the Mission
ites at a cabaret given at the St.
Francis tomorrow evening. Immedi
ately after the banquet, a parade,
headed by the Stanford Hand, will
march the streets of San Francisco,
announcing to the public that once
more the Big Game is near at hand.
Through the generous spirit of
Santa Clarans one hundred Stafford
men are to be guests of the Mission
ites at a cabaret given at the St.
Francis tomorrow evening. Immedi
ately after the banquet, a parade,
headed by the Stanford Hand, will
march the streets of San Francisco,
announcing to the public that once
more the Big Game is near at hand.
Through the generous spirit of
Santa Clarans one hundred Stafford
men are to be guests of the Mission
ites at a cabaret given at the St.
Francis tomorrow evening. Immedi
ately after the banquet, a parade,
headed by the Stanford Hand, will
march the streets of San Francisco,
announcing to the public that once
more the Big Game is near at hand.
Through the generous spirit of
Santa Clarans one hundred Stafford
men are to be guests of the Mission
ites at a cabaret given at the St.
Francis tomorrow evening. Immedi
ately after the banquet, a parade,
headed by the Stanford Hand, will
march the streets of San Francisco,
announcing to the public that once
more the Big Game is near at hand.
Through the generous spirit of
Santa Clarans one hundred Stafford
men are to be guests of the Mission
ites at a cabaret given at the St.
Francis tomorrow evening. Immedi
ately after the banquet, a parade,
headed by the Stanford Hand, will
march the streets of San Francisco,
announcing to the public that once
more the Big Game is near at hand.
Through the generous spirit of
Santa Clarans one hundred Stafford
men are to be guests of the Mission
ites at a cabaret given at the St.
Francis tomorrow evening. Immedi
ately after the banquet, a parade,
headed by the Stanford Hand, will
march the streets of San Francisco,
announcing to the public that once
more the Big Game is near at hand.
Through the generous spirit of
Santa Clarans one hundred Stafford
men are to be guests of the Mission
ites at a cabaret given at the St.
Francis tomorrow evening. Immedi
ately after the banquet, a parade,
headed by the Stanford Hand, will
march the streets of San Francisco,
announcing to the public that once
more the Big Game is near at hand.
Through the generous spirit of
Santa Clarans one hundred Stafford
men are to be guests of the Mission
ites at a cabaret given at the St.
Francis tomorrow evening. Immedi
ately after the banquet, a parade,
headed by the Stanford Hand, will
march the streets of San Francisco,
announcing to the public that once
more the Big Game is near at hand.
