# English Club to Meet at Phi Delta Theta House
## 
### 
The regular meeting of the English
Club will be held tomorrow night at
the Phi Delta Theta house, tlio fea
ture of which will bo a "round table."
G. A. Davis, '18. will read the contri
butions submitted. Miss Doris Est
court, '17, will dance, and Miss Mar
jorie Bailey and Miss Velona Pilcher,
'IS, will sing.
The regular meeting of the English
Club will be held tomorrow night at
the Phi Delta Theta house, tlio fea
ture of which will bo a "round table."
G. A. Davis, '18. will read the contri
butions submitted. Miss Doris Est
court, '17, will dance, and Miss Mar
jorie Bailey and Miss Velona Pilcher,
'IS, will sing.
The regular meeting of the English
Club will be held tomorrow night at
the Phi Delta Theta house, tlio fea
ture of which will bo a "round table."
G. A. Davis, '18. will read the contri
butions submitted. Miss Doris Est
court, '17, will dance, and Miss Mar
jorie Bailey and Miss Velona Pilcher,
'IS, will sing.
The regular meeting of the English
Club will be held tomorrow night at
the Phi Delta Theta house, tlio fea
ture of which will bo a "round table."
G. A. Davis, '18. will read the contri
butions submitted. Miss Doris Est
court, '17, will dance, and Miss Mar
jorie Bailey and Miss Velona Pilcher,
'IS, will sing.
The regular meeting of the English
Club will be held tomorrow night at
the Phi Delta Theta house, tlio fea
ture of which will bo a "round table."
G. A. Davis, '18. will read the contri
butions submitted. Miss Doris Est
court, '17, will dance, and Miss Mar
jorie Bailey and Miss Velona Pilcher,
'IS, will sing.
The regular meeting of the English
Club will be held tomorrow night at
the Phi Delta Theta house, tlio fea
ture of which will bo a "round table."
G. A. Davis, '18. will read the contri
butions submitted. Miss Doris Est
court, '17, will dance, and Miss Mar
jorie Bailey and Miss Velona Pilcher,
'IS, will sing.
The regular meeting of the English
Club will be held tomorrow night at
the Phi Delta Theta house, tlio fea
ture of which will bo a "round table."
G. A. Davis, '18. will read the contri
butions submitted. Miss Doris Est
court, '17, will dance, and Miss Mar
jorie Bailey and Miss Velona Pilcher,
'IS, will sing.
The regular meeting of the English
Club will be held tomorrow night at
the Phi Delta Theta house, tlio fea
ture of which will bo a "round table."
G. A. Davis, '18. will read the contri
butions submitted. Miss Doris Est
court, '17, will dance, and Miss Mar
jorie Bailey and Miss Velona Pilcher,
'IS, will sing.
The regular meeting of the English
Club will be held tomorrow night at
the Phi Delta Theta house, tlio fea
ture of which will bo a "round table."
G. A. Davis, '18. will read the contri
butions submitted. Miss Doris Est
court, '17, will dance, and Miss Mar
jorie Bailey and Miss Velona Pilcher,
'IS, will sing.
The regular meeting of the English
Club will be held tomorrow night at
the Phi Delta Theta house, tlio fea
ture of which will bo a "round table."
G. A. Davis, '18. will read the contri
butions submitted. Miss Doris Est
court, '17, will dance, and Miss Mar
jorie Bailey and Miss Velona Pilcher,
'IS, will sing.
The regular meeting of the English
Club will be held tomorrow night at
the Phi Delta Theta house, tlio fea
ture of which will bo a "round table."
G. A. Davis, '18. will read the contri
butions submitted. Miss Doris Est
court, '17, will dance, and Miss Mar
jorie Bailey and Miss Velona Pilcher,
'IS, will sing.
The regular meeting of the English
Club will be held tomorrow night at
the Phi Delta Theta house, tlio fea
ture of which will bo a "round table."
G. A. Davis, '18. will read the contri
butions submitted. Miss Doris Est
court, '17, will dance, and Miss Mar
jorie Bailey and Miss Velona Pilcher,
'IS, will sing.
The regular meeting of the English
Club will be held tomorrow night at
the Phi Delta Theta house, tlio fea
ture of which will bo a "round table."
G. A. Davis, '18. will read the contri
butions submitted. Miss Doris Est
court, '17, will dance, and Miss Mar
jorie Bailey and Miss Velona Pilcher,
'IS, will sing.
The regular meeting of the English
Club will be held tomorrow night at
the Phi Delta Theta house, tlio fea
ture of which will bo a "round table."
G. A. Davis, '18. will read the contri
butions submitted. Miss Doris Est
court, '17, will dance, and Miss Mar
jorie Bailey and Miss Velona Pilcher,
'IS, will sing.
