# BONFIRE GOSSIP
## 
### 
At the request of the committee in
charge of the freshmen bonfire, com
plaint is registered against the lack
of interest and industry shown by the
great body of first year men. During
the last two days there lias been an
unwarranted paucity of laborers both
during the day and evening. With
only a few hours remaining before tbe
rally, it is hoped that the freshmen
henceforth will display a more com
mendable spirit.
At the request of the committee in
charge of the freshmen bonfire, com
plaint is registered against the lack
of interest and industry shown by the
great body of first year men. During
the last two days there lias been an
unwarranted paucity of laborers both
during the day and evening. With
only a few hours remaining before tbe
rally, it is hoped that the freshmen
henceforth will display a more com
mendable spirit.
At the request of the committee in
charge of the freshmen bonfire, com
plaint is registered against the lack
of interest and industry shown by the
great body of first year men. During
the last two days there lias been an
unwarranted paucity of laborers both
during the day and evening. With
only a few hours remaining before tbe
rally, it is hoped that the freshmen
henceforth will display a more com
mendable spirit.
At the request of the committee in
charge of the freshmen bonfire, com
plaint is registered against the lack
of interest and industry shown by the
great body of first year men. During
the last two days there lias been an
unwarranted paucity of laborers both
during the day and evening. With
only a few hours remaining before tbe
rally, it is hoped that the freshmen
henceforth will display a more com
mendable spirit.
At the request of the committee in
charge of the freshmen bonfire, com
plaint is registered against the lack
of interest and industry shown by the
great body of first year men. During
the last two days there lias been an
unwarranted paucity of laborers both
during the day and evening. With
only a few hours remaining before tbe
rally, it is hoped that the freshmen
henceforth will display a more com
mendable spirit.
At the request of the committee in
charge of the freshmen bonfire, com
plaint is registered against the lack
of interest and industry shown by the
great body of first year men. During
the last two days there lias been an
unwarranted paucity of laborers both
during the day and evening. With
only a few hours remaining before tbe
rally, it is hoped that the freshmen
henceforth will display a more com
mendable spirit.
At the request of the committee in
charge of the freshmen bonfire, com
plaint is registered against the lack
of interest and industry shown by the
great body of first year men. During
the last two days there lias been an
unwarranted paucity of laborers both
during the day and evening. With
only a few hours remaining before tbe
rally, it is hoped that the freshmen
henceforth will display a more com
mendable spirit.
At the request of the committee in
charge of the freshmen bonfire, com
plaint is registered against the lack
of interest and industry shown by the
great body of first year men. During
the last two days there lias been an
unwarranted paucity of laborers both
during the day and evening. With
only a few hours remaining before tbe
rally, it is hoped that the freshmen
henceforth will display a more com
mendable spirit.
At the request of the committee in
charge of the freshmen bonfire, com
plaint is registered against the lack
of interest and industry shown by the
great body of first year men. During
the last two days there lias been an
unwarranted paucity of laborers both
during the day and evening. With
only a few hours remaining before tbe
rally, it is hoped that the freshmen
henceforth will display a more com
mendable spirit.
At the request of the committee in
charge of the freshmen bonfire, com
plaint is registered against the lack
of interest and industry shown by the
great body of first year men. During
the last two days there lias been an
unwarranted paucity of laborers both
during the day and evening. With
only a few hours remaining before tbe
rally, it is hoped that the freshmen
henceforth will display a more com
mendable spirit.
At the request of the committee in
charge of the freshmen bonfire, com
plaint is registered against the lack
of interest and industry shown by the
great body of first year men. During
the last two days there lias been an
unwarranted paucity of laborers both
during the day and evening. With
only a few hours remaining before tbe
rally, it is hoped that the freshmen
henceforth will display a more com
mendable spirit.
At the request of the committee in
charge of the freshmen bonfire, com
plaint is registered against the lack
of interest and industry shown by the
great body of first year men. During
the last two days there lias been an
unwarranted paucity of laborers both
during the day and evening. With
only a few hours remaining before tbe
rally, it is hoped that the freshmen
henceforth will display a more com
mendable spirit.
At the request of the committee in
charge of the freshmen bonfire, com
plaint is registered against the lack
of interest and industry shown by the
great body of first year men. During
the last two days there lias been an
unwarranted paucity of laborers both
during the day and evening. With
only a few hours remaining before tbe
rally, it is hoped that the freshmen
henceforth will display a more com
mendable spirit.
At the request of the committee in
charge of the freshmen bonfire, com
plaint is registered against the lack
of interest and industry shown by the
great body of first year men. During
the last two days there lias been an
unwarranted paucity of laborers both
during the day and evening. With
only a few hours remaining before tbe
rally, it is hoped that the freshmen
henceforth will display a more com
mendable spirit.
