# Richards to Visit Palo Alto Demos
## 
### 
Richard Richards, Democratic
enndidato for United Stales sen
ator from California, will l>o in
ihc Stanford • Palo Alio area on
Thursday.
A reception will ho hold at tlio
homo of John Kreidonrioh at 3
n.m. Thursday. All Domocrats aro
woloomo to attend, according to
Tod Baor, Los Altos Democratic
Club chairman.
Richards will also In* present at
;i luncheon at Iho Old Plantation
at 12:30 p.m. Price of the meal
will be $1.50. Reservations noed
not be made, according to Bacr.
Richard Richards, Democratic
enndidato for United Stales sen
ator from California, will l>o in
ihc Stanford • Palo Alio area on
Thursday.
A reception will ho hold at tlio
homo of John Kreidonrioh at 3
n.m. Thursday. All Domocrats aro
woloomo to attend, according to
Tod Baor, Los Altos Democratic
Club chairman.
Richards will also In* present at
;i luncheon at Iho Old Plantation
at 12:30 p.m. Price of the meal
will be $1.50. Reservations noed
not be made, according to Bacr.
Richard Richards, Democratic
enndidato for United Stales sen
ator from California, will l>o in
ihc Stanford • Palo Alio area on
Thursday.
A reception will ho hold at tlio
homo of John Kreidonrioh at 3
n.m. Thursday. All Domocrats aro
woloomo to attend, according to
Tod Baor, Los Altos Democratic
Club chairman.
Richards will also In* present at
;i luncheon at Iho Old Plantation
at 12:30 p.m. Price of the meal
will be $1.50. Reservations noed
not be made, according to Bacr.
Richard Richards, Democratic
enndidato for United Stales sen
ator from California, will l>o in
ihc Stanford • Palo Alio area on
Thursday.
A reception will ho hold at tlio
homo of John Kreidonrioh at 3
n.m. Thursday. All Domocrats aro
woloomo to attend, according to
Tod Baor, Los Altos Democratic
Club chairman.
Richards will also In* present at
;i luncheon at Iho Old Plantation
at 12:30 p.m. Price of the meal
will be $1.50. Reservations noed
not be made, according to Bacr.
Richard Richards, Democratic
enndidato for United Stales sen
ator from California, will l>o in
ihc Stanford • Palo Alio area on
Thursday.
A reception will ho hold at tlio
homo of John Kreidonrioh at 3
n.m. Thursday. All Domocrats aro
woloomo to attend, according to
Tod Baor, Los Altos Democratic
Club chairman.
Richards will also In* present at
;i luncheon at Iho Old Plantation
at 12:30 p.m. Price of the meal
will be $1.50. Reservations noed
not be made, according to Bacr.
Richard Richards, Democratic
enndidato for United Stales sen
ator from California, will l>o in
ihc Stanford • Palo Alio area on
Thursday.
A reception will ho hold at tlio
homo of John Kreidonrioh at 3
n.m. Thursday. All Domocrats aro
woloomo to attend, according to
Tod Baor, Los Altos Democratic
Club chairman.
Richards will also In* present at
;i luncheon at Iho Old Plantation
at 12:30 p.m. Price of the meal
will be $1.50. Reservations noed
not be made, according to Bacr.
Richard Richards, Democratic
enndidato for United Stales sen
ator from California, will l>o in
ihc Stanford • Palo Alio area on
Thursday.
A reception will ho hold at tlio
homo of John Kreidonrioh at 3
n.m. Thursday. All Domocrats aro
woloomo to attend, according to
Tod Baor, Los Altos Democratic
Club chairman.
Richards will also In* present at
;i luncheon at Iho Old Plantation
at 12:30 p.m. Price of the meal
will be $1.50. Reservations noed
not be made, according to Bacr.
Richard Richards, Democratic
enndidato for United Stales sen
ator from California, will l>o in
ihc Stanford • Palo Alio area on
Thursday.
A reception will ho hold at tlio
homo of John Kreidonrioh at 3
n.m. Thursday. All Domocrats aro
woloomo to attend, according to
Tod Baor, Los Altos Democratic
Club chairman.
Richards will also In* present at
;i luncheon at Iho Old Plantation
at 12:30 p.m. Price of the meal
will be $1.50. Reservations noed
not be made, according to Bacr.
Richard Richards, Democratic
enndidato for United Stales sen
ator from California, will l>o in
ihc Stanford • Palo Alio area on
Thursday.
A reception will ho hold at tlio
homo of John Kreidonrioh at 3
n.m. Thursday. All Domocrats aro
woloomo to attend, according to
Tod Baor, Los Altos Democratic
Club chairman.
Richards will also In* present at
;i luncheon at Iho Old Plantation
at 12:30 p.m. Price of the meal
will be $1.50. Reservations noed
not be made, according to Bacr.
Richard Richards, Democratic
enndidato for United Stales sen
ator from California, will l>o in
ihc Stanford • Palo Alio area on
Thursday.
A reception will ho hold at tlio
homo of John Kreidonrioh at 3
n.m. Thursday. All Domocrats aro
woloomo to attend, according to
Tod Baor, Los Altos Democratic
Club chairman.
Richards will also In* present at
;i luncheon at Iho Old Plantation
at 12:30 p.m. Price of the meal
will be $1.50. Reservations noed
not be made, according to Bacr.
Richard Richards, Democratic
enndidato for United Stales sen
ator from California, will l>o in
ihc Stanford • Palo Alio area on
Thursday.
A reception will ho hold at tlio
homo of John Kreidonrioh at 3
n.m. Thursday. All Domocrats aro
woloomo to attend, according to
Tod Baor, Los Altos Democratic
Club chairman.
Richards will also In* present at
;i luncheon at Iho Old Plantation
at 12:30 p.m. Price of the meal
will be $1.50. Reservations noed
not be made, according to Bacr.
Richard Richards, Democratic
enndidato for United Stales sen
ator from California, will l>o in
ihc Stanford • Palo Alio area on
Thursday.
A reception will ho hold at tlio
homo of John Kreidonrioh at 3
n.m. Thursday. All Domocrats aro
woloomo to attend, according to
Tod Baor, Los Altos Democratic
Club chairman.
Richards will also In* present at
;i luncheon at Iho Old Plantation
at 12:30 p.m. Price of the meal
will be $1.50. Reservations noed
not be made, according to Bacr.
Richard Richards, Democratic
enndidato for United Stales sen
ator from California, will l>o in
ihc Stanford • Palo Alio area on
Thursday.
A reception will ho hold at tlio
homo of John Kreidonrioh at 3
n.m. Thursday. All Domocrats aro
woloomo to attend, according to
Tod Baor, Los Altos Democratic
Club chairman.
Richards will also In* present at
;i luncheon at Iho Old Plantation
at 12:30 p.m. Price of the meal
will be $1.50. Reservations noed
not be made, according to Bacr.
Richard Richards, Democratic
enndidato for United Stales sen
ator from California, will l>o in
ihc Stanford • Palo Alio area on
Thursday.
A reception will ho hold at tlio
homo of John Kreidonrioh at 3
n.m. Thursday. All Domocrats aro
woloomo to attend, according to
Tod Baor, Los Altos Democratic
Club chairman.
Richards will also In* present at
;i luncheon at Iho Old Plantation
at 12:30 p.m. Price of the meal
will be $1.50. Reservations noed
not be made, according to Bacr.
Richard Richards, Democratic
enndidato for United Stales sen
ator from California, will l>o in
ihc Stanford • Palo Alio area on
Thursday.
A reception will ho hold at tlio
homo of John Kreidonrioh at 3
n.m. Thursday. All Domocrats aro
woloomo to attend, according to
Tod Baor, Los Altos Democratic
Club chairman.
Richards will also In* present at
;i luncheon at Iho Old Plantation
at 12:30 p.m. Price of the meal
will be $1.50. Reservations noed
not be made, according to Bacr.
