# Matinee to Give Original Comedy
## 
### 
"The Urbans of Ursulines," an
original one-act comedy written
and directed by graduate student
Ronalrl Bazarini, will be featured
on tomorrow afternoon's Theatre
Matinee at 4:15 in the Little Thea
tre.
There is no admission charge.
Tryouts for two forthcoming
Theatre Matinee programs will be
held this afternoon.
Readings for "Curfew on Jas
per Street," an original drama
written by Chase Webb and di
rected by Allen Linscheid. will be
held from 3 to 5 p.m. in the Green
Room of the Little Theatre, and
for Connie Ruys' production of
"Lancelot of Demark" from 4 to
5:30 p.m. in Room 205, Memorial
Auditorium.
