# Adv. 24 Page 5
## 
### 
PALO ALTO
CASA OLE
COIN-OP DRY CLEAN AND
LAUNDRY
Individual Garments Dry
Cleaned and Pressed
-ONE-HOUR SERVICE —
Shirt Service
Open 8 a.m.-9 p.m.
Sunday 10a.m.-9 p.m.
3636 EL CAMINO
323-8207
DUNLOP TIRES
- GUARANTEED -
BRUCE'S or
DAVIS & MYERS
- FULL TREADS —
Menlo Tire Service
828 El Camino Road
Menlo Park 323-0119
When you bring your
watch here, all finished
repair work is subjected
to a rigid scientific
check by the
iiarch^
Your watch "prints" its
own record of perform
ance, a "proof" of accu
racy. Insist upon this
protection on yourwatch
investment.
CARLYLES
535 Bryant 323-2834
Downtown Palo Alto
-YOUR COLLEGE JEWELER
PALO ALTO
CASA OLE
COIN-OP DRY CLEAN AND
LAUNDRY
Individual Garments Dry
Cleaned and Pressed
-ONE-HOUR SERVICE —
Shirt Service
Open 8 a.m.-9 p.m.
Sunday 10a.m.-9 p.m.
3636 EL CAMINO
323-8207
DUNLOP TIRES
- GUARANTEED -
BRUCE'S or
DAVIS & MYERS
- FULL TREADS —
Menlo Tire Service
828 El Camino Road
Menlo Park 323-0119
When you bring your
watch here, all finished
repair work is subjected
to a rigid scientific
check by the
iiarch^
Your watch "prints" its
own record of perform
ance, a "proof" of accu
racy. Insist upon this
protection on yourwatch
investment.
CARLYLES
535 Bryant 323-2834
Downtown Palo Alto
-YOUR COLLEGE JEWELER
PALO ALTO
CASA OLE
COIN-OP DRY CLEAN AND
LAUNDRY
Individual Garments Dry
Cleaned and Pressed
-ONE-HOUR SERVICE —
Shirt Service
Open 8 a.m.-9 p.m.
Sunday 10a.m.-9 p.m.
3636 EL CAMINO
323-8207
DUNLOP TIRES
- GUARANTEED -
BRUCE'S or
DAVIS & MYERS
- FULL TREADS —
Menlo Tire Service
828 El Camino Road
Menlo Park 323-0119
When you bring your
watch here, all finished
repair work is subjected
to a rigid scientific
check by the
iiarch^
Your watch "prints" its
own record of perform
ance, a "proof" of accu
racy. Insist upon this
protection on yourwatch
investment.
CARLYLES
535 Bryant 323-2834
Downtown Palo Alto
-YOUR COLLEGE JEWELER
PALO ALTO
CASA OLE
COIN-OP DRY CLEAN AND
LAUNDRY
Individual Garments Dry
Cleaned and Pressed
-ONE-HOUR SERVICE —
Shirt Service
Open 8 a.m.-9 p.m.
Sunday 10a.m.-9 p.m.
3636 EL CAMINO
323-8207
DUNLOP TIRES
- GUARANTEED -
BRUCE'S or
DAVIS & MYERS
- FULL TREADS —
Menlo Tire Service
828 El Camino Road
Menlo Park 323-0119
When you bring your
watch here, all finished
repair work is subjected
to a rigid scientific
check by the
iiarch^
Your watch "prints" its
own record of perform
ance, a "proof" of accu
racy. Insist upon this
protection on yourwatch
investment.
CARLYLES
535 Bryant 323-2834
Downtown Palo Alto
-YOUR COLLEGE JEWELER
PALO ALTO
CASA OLE
COIN-OP DRY CLEAN AND
LAUNDRY
Individual Garments Dry
Cleaned and Pressed
-ONE-HOUR SERVICE —
Shirt Service
Open 8 a.m.-9 p.m.
Sunday 10a.m.-9 p.m.
3636 EL CAMINO
323-8207
DUNLOP TIRES
- GUARANTEED -
BRUCE'S or
DAVIS & MYERS
- FULL TREADS —
Menlo Tire Service
828 El Camino Road
Menlo Park 323-0119
When you bring your
watch here, all finished
repair work is subjected
to a rigid scientific
check by the
iiarch^
Your watch "prints" its
own record of perform
ance, a "proof" of accu
racy. Insist upon this
protection on yourwatch
investment.
CARLYLES
535 Bryant 323-2834
Downtown Palo Alto
-YOUR COLLEGE JEWELER
PALO ALTO
CASA OLE
COIN-OP DRY CLEAN AND
LAUNDRY
Individual Garments Dry
Cleaned and Pressed
-ONE-HOUR SERVICE —
Shirt Service
Open 8 a.m.-9 p.m.
Sunday 10a.m.-9 p.m.
3636 EL CAMINO
323-8207
DUNLOP TIRES
- GUARANTEED -
BRUCE'S or
DAVIS & MYERS
- FULL TREADS —
Menlo Tire Service
828 El Camino Road
Menlo Park 323-0119
When you bring your
watch here, all finished
repair work is subjected
to a rigid scientific
check by the
iiarch^
Your watch "prints" its
own record of perform
ance, a "proof" of accu
racy. Insist upon this
protection on yourwatch
investment.
CARLYLES
535 Bryant 323-2834
Downtown Palo Alto
-YOUR COLLEGE JEWELER
PALO ALTO
CASA OLE
COIN-OP DRY CLEAN AND
LAUNDRY
Individual Garments Dry
Cleaned and Pressed
-ONE-HOUR SERVICE —
Shirt Service
Open 8 a.m.-9 p.m.
Sunday 10a.m.-9 p.m.
3636 EL CAMINO
323-8207
DUNLOP TIRES
- GUARANTEED -
BRUCE'S or
DAVIS & MYERS
- FULL TREADS —
Menlo Tire Service
828 El Camino Road
Menlo Park 323-0119
When you bring your
watch here, all finished
repair work is subjected
to a rigid scientific
check by the
iiarch^
Your watch "prints" its
own record of perform
ance, a "proof" of accu
racy. Insist upon this
protection on yourwatch
investment.
CARLYLES
535 Bryant 323-2834
Downtown Palo Alto
-YOUR COLLEGE JEWELER
PALO ALTO
CASA OLE
COIN-OP DRY CLEAN AND
LAUNDRY
Individual Garments Dry
Cleaned and Pressed
-ONE-HOUR SERVICE —
Shirt Service
Open 8 a.m.-9 p.m.
Sunday 10a.m.-9 p.m.
3636 EL CAMINO
323-8207
DUNLOP TIRES
- GUARANTEED -
BRUCE'S or
DAVIS & MYERS
- FULL TREADS —
Menlo Tire Service
828 El Camino Road
Menlo Park 323-0119
When you bring your
watch here, all finished
repair work is subjected
to a rigid scientific
check by the
iiarch^
Your watch "prints" its
own record of perform
ance, a "proof" of accu
racy. Insist upon this
protection on yourwatch
investment.
CARLYLES
535 Bryant 323-2834
Downtown Palo Alto
-YOUR COLLEGE JEWELER
PALO ALTO
CASA OLE
COIN-OP DRY CLEAN AND
LAUNDRY
Individual Garments Dry
Cleaned and Pressed
-ONE-HOUR SERVICE —
Shirt Service
Open 8 a.m.-9 p.m.
Sunday 10a.m.-9 p.m.
3636 EL CAMINO
323-8207
DUNLOP TIRES
- GUARANTEED -
BRUCE'S or
DAVIS & MYERS
- FULL TREADS —
Menlo Tire Service
828 El Camino Road
Menlo Park 323-0119
When you bring your
watch here, all finished
repair work is subjected
to a rigid scientific
check by the
iiarch^
Your watch "prints" its
own record of perform
ance, a "proof" of accu
racy. Insist upon this
protection on yourwatch
investment.
CARLYLES
535 Bryant 323-2834
Downtown Palo Alto
-YOUR COLLEGE JEWELER
PALO ALTO
CASA OLE
COIN-OP DRY CLEAN AND
LAUNDRY
Individual Garments Dry
Cleaned and Pressed
-ONE-HOUR SERVICE —
Shirt Service
Open 8 a.m.-9 p.m.
Sunday 10a.m.-9 p.m.
3636 EL CAMINO
323-8207
DUNLOP TIRES
- GUARANTEED -
BRUCE'S or
DAVIS & MYERS
- FULL TREADS —
Menlo Tire Service
828 El Camino Road
Menlo Park 323-0119
When you bring your
watch here, all finished
repair work is subjected
to a rigid scientific
check by the
iiarch^
Your watch "prints" its
own record of perform
ance, a "proof" of accu
racy. Insist upon this
protection on yourwatch
investment.
CARLYLES
535 Bryant 323-2834
Downtown Palo Alto
-YOUR COLLEGE JEWELER
PALO ALTO
CASA OLE
COIN-OP DRY CLEAN AND
LAUNDRY
Individual Garments Dry
Cleaned and Pressed
-ONE-HOUR SERVICE —
Shirt Service
Open 8 a.m.-9 p.m.
Sunday 10a.m.-9 p.m.
3636 EL CAMINO
323-8207
DUNLOP TIRES
- GUARANTEED -
BRUCE'S or
DAVIS & MYERS
- FULL TREADS —
Menlo Tire Service
828 El Camino Road
Menlo Park 323-0119
When you bring your
watch here, all finished
repair work is subjected
to a rigid scientific
check by the
iiarch^
Your watch "prints" its
own record of perform
ance, a "proof" of accu
racy. Insist upon this
protection on yourwatch
investment.
CARLYLES
535 Bryant 323-2834
Downtown Palo Alto
-YOUR COLLEGE JEWELER
PALO ALTO
CASA OLE
COIN-OP DRY CLEAN AND
LAUNDRY
Individual Garments Dry
Cleaned and Pressed
-ONE-HOUR SERVICE —
Shirt Service
Open 8 a.m.-9 p.m.
Sunday 10a.m.-9 p.m.
3636 EL CAMINO
323-8207
DUNLOP TIRES
- GUARANTEED -
BRUCE'S or
DAVIS & MYERS
- FULL TREADS —
Menlo Tire Service
828 El Camino Road
Menlo Park 323-0119
When you bring your
watch here, all finished
repair work is subjected
to a rigid scientific
check by the
iiarch^
Your watch "prints" its
own record of perform
ance, a "proof" of accu
racy. Insist upon this
protection on yourwatch
investment.
CARLYLES
535 Bryant 323-2834
Downtown Palo Alto
-YOUR COLLEGE JEWELER
PALO ALTO
CASA OLE
COIN-OP DRY CLEAN AND
LAUNDRY
Individual Garments Dry
Cleaned and Pressed
-ONE-HOUR SERVICE —
Shirt Service
Open 8 a.m.-9 p.m.
Sunday 10a.m.-9 p.m.
3636 EL CAMINO
323-8207
DUNLOP TIRES
- GUARANTEED -
BRUCE'S or
DAVIS & MYERS
- FULL TREADS —
Menlo Tire Service
828 El Camino Road
Menlo Park 323-0119
When you bring your
watch here, all finished
repair work is subjected
to a rigid scientific
check by the
iiarch^
Your watch "prints" its
own record of perform
ance, a "proof" of accu
racy. Insist upon this
protection on yourwatch
investment.
CARLYLES
535 Bryant 323-2834
Downtown Palo Alto
-YOUR COLLEGE JEWELER
PALO ALTO
CASA OLE
COIN-OP DRY CLEAN AND
LAUNDRY
Individual Garments Dry
Cleaned and Pressed
-ONE-HOUR SERVICE —
Shirt Service
Open 8 a.m.-9 p.m.
Sunday 10a.m.-9 p.m.
3636 EL CAMINO
323-8207
DUNLOP TIRES
- GUARANTEED -
BRUCE'S or
DAVIS & MYERS
- FULL TREADS —
Menlo Tire Service
828 El Camino Road
Menlo Park 323-0119
When you bring your
watch here, all finished
repair work is subjected
to a rigid scientific
check by the
iiarch^
Your watch "prints" its
own record of perform
ance, a "proof" of accu
racy. Insist upon this
protection on yourwatch
investment.
CARLYLES
535 Bryant 323-2834
Downtown Palo Alto
-YOUR COLLEGE JEWELER
PALO ALTO
CASA OLE
COIN-OP DRY CLEAN AND
LAUNDRY
Individual Garments Dry
Cleaned and Pressed
-ONE-HOUR SERVICE —
Shirt Service
Open 8 a.m.-9 p.m.
Sunday 10a.m.-9 p.m.
3636 EL CAMINO
323-8207
DUNLOP TIRES
- GUARANTEED -
BRUCE'S or
DAVIS & MYERS
- FULL TREADS —
Menlo Tire Service
828 El Camino Road
Menlo Park 323-0119
When you bring your
watch here, all finished
repair work is subjected
to a rigid scientific
check by the
iiarch^
Your watch "prints" its
own record of perform
ance, a "proof" of accu
racy. Insist upon this
protection on yourwatch
investment.
CARLYLES
535 Bryant 323-2834
Downtown Palo Alto
-YOUR COLLEGE JEWELER
PALO ALTO
CASA OLE
COIN-OP DRY CLEAN AND
LAUNDRY
Individual Garments Dry
Cleaned and Pressed
-ONE-HOUR SERVICE —
Shirt Service
Open 8 a.m.-9 p.m.
Sunday 10a.m.-9 p.m.
3636 EL CAMINO
323-8207
DUNLOP TIRES
- GUARANTEED -
BRUCE'S or
DAVIS & MYERS
- FULL TREADS —
Menlo Tire Service
828 El Camino Road
Menlo Park 323-0119
When you bring your
watch here, all finished
repair work is subjected
to a rigid scientific
check by the
iiarch^
Your watch "prints" its
own record of perform
ance, a "proof" of accu
racy. Insist upon this
protection on yourwatch
investment.
CARLYLES
535 Bryant 323-2834
Downtown Palo Alto
-YOUR COLLEGE JEWELER
PALO ALTO
CASA OLE
COIN-OP DRY CLEAN AND
LAUNDRY
Individual Garments Dry
Cleaned and Pressed
-ONE-HOUR SERVICE —
Shirt Service
Open 8 a.m.-9 p.m.
Sunday 10a.m.-9 p.m.
3636 EL CAMINO
323-8207
DUNLOP TIRES
- GUARANTEED -
BRUCE'S or
DAVIS & MYERS
- FULL TREADS —
Menlo Tire Service
828 El Camino Road
Menlo Park 323-0119
When you bring your
watch here, all finished
repair work is subjected
to a rigid scientific
check by the
iiarch^
Your watch "prints" its
own record of perform
ance, a "proof" of accu
racy. Insist upon this
protection on yourwatch
investment.
CARLYLES
535 Bryant 323-2834
Downtown Palo Alto
-YOUR COLLEGE JEWELER
