# Adv. 16 Page 5
## 
### 
Where
Smartly - Dressed
112 women gather you'll
find many
ALL - OCCASION
FROCKS
Valeries
PARIS SHOP
533 Ramona
/Is announced in our
personal messages to
Campus Women we
are offering on Friday
and Saturday special
prices on dresses—
29.75 at 25.00
39.75 at 35.00
FT 49.75 at 45.00
\ * ALSO
\ TWELVE
\ COATS
\\\ AT
) I \ CUT PRICES
.yj
1
Where
Smartly - Dressed
112 women gather you'll
find many
ALL - OCCASION
FROCKS
Valeries
PARIS SHOP
533 Ramona
/Is announced in our
personal messages to
Campus Women we
are offering on Friday
and Saturday special
prices on dresses—
29.75 at 25.00
39.75 at 35.00
FT 49.75 at 45.00
\ * ALSO
\ TWELVE
\ COATS
\\\ AT
) I \ CUT PRICES
.yj
1
Where
Smartly - Dressed
112 women gather you'll
find many
ALL - OCCASION
FROCKS
Valeries
PARIS SHOP
533 Ramona
/Is announced in our
personal messages to
Campus Women we
are offering on Friday
and Saturday special
prices on dresses—
29.75 at 25.00
39.75 at 35.00
FT 49.75 at 45.00
\ * ALSO
\ TWELVE
\ COATS
\\\ AT
) I \ CUT PRICES
.yj
1
Where
Smartly - Dressed
112 women gather you'll
find many
ALL - OCCASION
FROCKS
Valeries
PARIS SHOP
533 Ramona
/Is announced in our
personal messages to
Campus Women we
are offering on Friday
and Saturday special
prices on dresses—
29.75 at 25.00
39.75 at 35.00
FT 49.75 at 45.00
\ * ALSO
\ TWELVE
\ COATS
\\\ AT
) I \ CUT PRICES
.yj
1
Where
Smartly - Dressed
112 women gather you'll
find many
ALL - OCCASION
FROCKS
Valeries
PARIS SHOP
533 Ramona
/Is announced in our
personal messages to
Campus Women we
are offering on Friday
and Saturday special
prices on dresses—
29.75 at 25.00
39.75 at 35.00
FT 49.75 at 45.00
\ * ALSO
\ TWELVE
\ COATS
\\\ AT
) I \ CUT PRICES
.yj
1
Where
Smartly - Dressed
112 women gather you'll
find many
ALL - OCCASION
FROCKS
Valeries
PARIS SHOP
533 Ramona
/Is announced in our
personal messages to
Campus Women we
are offering on Friday
and Saturday special
prices on dresses—
29.75 at 25.00
39.75 at 35.00
FT 49.75 at 45.00
\ * ALSO
\ TWELVE
\ COATS
\\\ AT
) I \ CUT PRICES
.yj
1
Where
Smartly - Dressed
112 women gather you'll
find many
ALL - OCCASION
FROCKS
Valeries
PARIS SHOP
533 Ramona
/Is announced in our
personal messages to
Campus Women we
are offering on Friday
and Saturday special
prices on dresses—
29.75 at 25.00
39.75 at 35.00
FT 49.75 at 45.00
\ * ALSO
\ TWELVE
\ COATS
\\\ AT
) I \ CUT PRICES
.yj
1
Where
Smartly - Dressed
112 women gather you'll
find many
ALL - OCCASION
FROCKS
Valeries
PARIS SHOP
533 Ramona
/Is announced in our
personal messages to
Campus Women we
are offering on Friday
and Saturday special
prices on dresses—
29.75 at 25.00
39.75 at 35.00
FT 49.75 at 45.00
\ * ALSO
\ TWELVE
\ COATS
\\\ AT
) I \ CUT PRICES
.yj
1
Where
Smartly - Dressed
112 women gather you'll
find many
ALL - OCCASION
FROCKS
Valeries
PARIS SHOP
533 Ramona
/Is announced in our
personal messages to
Campus Women we
are offering on Friday
and Saturday special
prices on dresses—
29.75 at 25.00
39.75 at 35.00
FT 49.75 at 45.00
\ * ALSO
\ TWELVE
\ COATS
\\\ AT
) I \ CUT PRICES
.yj
1
Where
Smartly - Dressed
112 women gather you'll
find many
ALL - OCCASION
FROCKS
Valeries
PARIS SHOP
533 Ramona
/Is announced in our
personal messages to
Campus Women we
are offering on Friday
and Saturday special
prices on dresses—
29.75 at 25.00
39.75 at 35.00
FT 49.75 at 45.00
\ * ALSO
\ TWELVE
\ COATS
\\\ AT
) I \ CUT PRICES
.yj
1
Where
Smartly - Dressed
112 women gather you'll
find many
ALL - OCCASION
FROCKS
Valeries
PARIS SHOP
533 Ramona
/Is announced in our
personal messages to
Campus Women we
are offering on Friday
and Saturday special
prices on dresses—
29.75 at 25.00
39.75 at 35.00
FT 49.75 at 45.00
\ * ALSO
\ TWELVE
\ COATS
\\\ AT
) I \ CUT PRICES
.yj
1
Where
Smartly - Dressed
112 women gather you'll
find many
ALL - OCCASION
FROCKS
Valeries
PARIS SHOP
533 Ramona
/Is announced in our
personal messages to
Campus Women we
are offering on Friday
and Saturday special
prices on dresses—
29.75 at 25.00
39.75 at 35.00
FT 49.75 at 45.00
\ * ALSO
\ TWELVE
\ COATS
\\\ AT
) I \ CUT PRICES
.yj
1
Where
Smartly - Dressed
112 women gather you'll
find many
ALL - OCCASION
FROCKS
Valeries
PARIS SHOP
533 Ramona
/Is announced in our
personal messages to
Campus Women we
are offering on Friday
and Saturday special
prices on dresses—
29.75 at 25.00
39.75 at 35.00
FT 49.75 at 45.00
\ * ALSO
\ TWELVE
\ COATS
\\\ AT
) I \ CUT PRICES
.yj
1
Where
Smartly - Dressed
112 women gather you'll
find many
ALL - OCCASION
FROCKS
Valeries
PARIS SHOP
533 Ramona
/Is announced in our
personal messages to
Campus Women we
are offering on Friday
and Saturday special
prices on dresses—
29.75 at 25.00
39.75 at 35.00
FT 49.75 at 45.00
\ * ALSO
\ TWELVE
\ COATS
\\\ AT
) I \ CUT PRICES
.yj
1
Where
Smartly - Dressed
112 women gather you'll
find many
ALL - OCCASION
FROCKS
Valeries
PARIS SHOP
533 Ramona
/Is announced in our
personal messages to
Campus Women we
are offering on Friday
and Saturday special
prices on dresses—
29.75 at 25.00
39.75 at 35.00
FT 49.75 at 45.00
\ * ALSO
\ TWELVE
\ COATS
\\\ AT
) I \ CUT PRICES
.yj
1
