# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Students of the University of North
Carolina recently asked the faculty to
provide a course on the social, medi
cal, and psychological economy of
marriage.
Students of the University of North
Carolina recently asked the faculty to
provide a course on the social, medi
cal, and psychological economy of
marriage.
Students of the University of North
Carolina recently asked the faculty to
provide a course on the social, medi
cal, and psychological economy of
marriage.
Students of the University of North
Carolina recently asked the faculty to
provide a course on the social, medi
cal, and psychological economy of
marriage.
Students of the University of North
Carolina recently asked the faculty to
provide a course on the social, medi
cal, and psychological economy of
marriage.
Students of the University of North
Carolina recently asked the faculty to
provide a course on the social, medi
cal, and psychological economy of
marriage.
Students of the University of North
Carolina recently asked the faculty to
provide a course on the social, medi
cal, and psychological economy of
marriage.
Students of the University of North
Carolina recently asked the faculty to
provide a course on the social, medi
cal, and psychological economy of
marriage.
Students of the University of North
Carolina recently asked the faculty to
provide a course on the social, medi
cal, and psychological economy of
marriage.
Students of the University of North
Carolina recently asked the faculty to
provide a course on the social, medi
cal, and psychological economy of
marriage.
Students of the University of North
Carolina recently asked the faculty to
provide a course on the social, medi
cal, and psychological economy of
marriage.
Students of the University of North
Carolina recently asked the faculty to
provide a course on the social, medi
cal, and psychological economy of
marriage.
Students of the University of North
Carolina recently asked the faculty to
provide a course on the social, medi
cal, and psychological economy of
marriage.
Students of the University of North
Carolina recently asked the faculty to
provide a course on the social, medi
cal, and psychological economy of
marriage.
Students of the University of North
Carolina recently asked the faculty to
provide a course on the social, medi
cal, and psychological economy of
marriage.
