# SPEARS MAMMALS FOR WORKOUT
## 
### 
"Wait, get this. Cromwell's ad
vance publicity says their best jav
elin thrower does 213 feet, right?"
Without waiting for an answer he
went on, "Well, this boy Milner did
that far a week after he broke his
arm. He learned how to throw the
javelin by spearing whales out to
sea while standing on the beach,
and can do 258 feet any warm day."
"Stop, stop this subversive talk,"
moaned the night ed, who was un
doubtedly being unstrung. "This is
almost as bad as Sinclair Lewis' new
book!"
"One more thing," rasped the
now-frenzied Drofnats. "Who do
you pick in the shotput? 0.K., Jim
Reynolds, I spoze. Yeah. Well, let
me tell yew that Reynolds will be
lucky to get a third Saturday.
Cromwell's got a pair of trans
fers from the Gorilla School of
Pitcairn's Island. They weigh 350
pounds and throw the shot 75 feet
like it was nothing bigger than a
gum-drop. And I also hear that
thye're so good in the discus that
Ken Carpenter has been shifted to
carrying sweat-suits from the start
to the finish line these days."
"Gee whiz," said Newman, I had
heard that Cromwell suppressed the
real dope about his teams, but,
whew, not that much!" Poor old
Jack. It was sure tough on him.
Drofnats took pity unto the fail
night ed. "Thass all for now," he
said kindly. "But personally,
though, I wouldn't trust that Crom
well publicity stuff any farther than
I could throw a chimbley by its
smoke."
â€”Breed
