# LIBE HOURS
## 
### 
Immediate change cf library hours
has been announced by Fred J.
Priddle, circulation head. On Sun
days the library will now be open
from 1 to 5 p.m.. and on Saturdays
and Sundays the reserve book room
will stay open until 10 p.m.
Immediate change cf library hours
has been announced by Fred J.
Priddle, circulation head. On Sun
days the library will now be open
from 1 to 5 p.m.. and on Saturdays
and Sundays the reserve book room
will stay open until 10 p.m.
Immediate change cf library hours
has been announced by Fred J.
Priddle, circulation head. On Sun
days the library will now be open
from 1 to 5 p.m.. and on Saturdays
and Sundays the reserve book room
will stay open until 10 p.m.
Immediate change cf library hours
has been announced by Fred J.
Priddle, circulation head. On Sun
days the library will now be open
from 1 to 5 p.m.. and on Saturdays
and Sundays the reserve book room
will stay open until 10 p.m.
Immediate change cf library hours
has been announced by Fred J.
Priddle, circulation head. On Sun
days the library will now be open
from 1 to 5 p.m.. and on Saturdays
and Sundays the reserve book room
will stay open until 10 p.m.
Immediate change cf library hours
has been announced by Fred J.
Priddle, circulation head. On Sun
days the library will now be open
from 1 to 5 p.m.. and on Saturdays
and Sundays the reserve book room
will stay open until 10 p.m.
Immediate change cf library hours
has been announced by Fred J.
Priddle, circulation head. On Sun
days the library will now be open
from 1 to 5 p.m.. and on Saturdays
and Sundays the reserve book room
will stay open until 10 p.m.
Immediate change cf library hours
has been announced by Fred J.
Priddle, circulation head. On Sun
days the library will now be open
from 1 to 5 p.m.. and on Saturdays
and Sundays the reserve book room
will stay open until 10 p.m.
Immediate change cf library hours
has been announced by Fred J.
Priddle, circulation head. On Sun
days the library will now be open
from 1 to 5 p.m.. and on Saturdays
and Sundays the reserve book room
will stay open until 10 p.m.
Immediate change cf library hours
has been announced by Fred J.
Priddle, circulation head. On Sun
days the library will now be open
from 1 to 5 p.m.. and on Saturdays
and Sundays the reserve book room
will stay open until 10 p.m.
Immediate change cf library hours
has been announced by Fred J.
Priddle, circulation head. On Sun
days the library will now be open
from 1 to 5 p.m.. and on Saturdays
and Sundays the reserve book room
will stay open until 10 p.m.
Immediate change cf library hours
has been announced by Fred J.
Priddle, circulation head. On Sun
days the library will now be open
from 1 to 5 p.m.. and on Saturdays
and Sundays the reserve book room
will stay open until 10 p.m.
Immediate change cf library hours
has been announced by Fred J.
Priddle, circulation head. On Sun
days the library will now be open
from 1 to 5 p.m.. and on Saturdays
and Sundays the reserve book room
will stay open until 10 p.m.
Immediate change cf library hours
has been announced by Fred J.
Priddle, circulation head. On Sun
days the library will now be open
from 1 to 5 p.m.. and on Saturdays
and Sundays the reserve book room
will stay open until 10 p.m.
Immediate change cf library hours
has been announced by Fred J.
Priddle, circulation head. On Sun
days the library will now be open
from 1 to 5 p.m.. and on Saturdays
and Sundays the reserve book room
will stay open until 10 p.m.
