# Party Features Free Watermelon
## 
### 
"Melody Munch," a free no-date
party which is being given by the
ASSU for the entire campus, is
scheduled for next Friday and not
today as was previously announced,
John T. Pool Jr., publicity chair
man, stated.
Free watermelon will be the fea
turde attraction of the evening,
Pool said, but there will also be
community singing, entertainment,
bridge, other refreshments, and
dancing in the Women's Clubhouse
and Union Court.
Anyone interested in contribut
ing his talent should see Marianna
Olmstead in the ASSU office.
Barbara Czock and Harvey Small
announced the program, saying that
(hey planned for everyone to get
together at 7:15 p.m. for a big sing
and entertainment. Then students
may either dance, cat, or play
bridge.
