# GERMAN SEMINAR
## 
### 
German seminar will meet to
night at Rossotti's. Everyone is
welcome.
German seminar will meet to
night at Rossotti's. Everyone is
welcome.
German seminar will meet to
night at Rossotti's. Everyone is
welcome.
German seminar will meet to
night at Rossotti's. Everyone is
welcome.
German seminar will meet to
night at Rossotti's. Everyone is
welcome.
German seminar will meet to
night at Rossotti's. Everyone is
welcome.
German seminar will meet to
night at Rossotti's. Everyone is
welcome.
German seminar will meet to
night at Rossotti's. Everyone is
welcome.
German seminar will meet to
night at Rossotti's. Everyone is
welcome.
German seminar will meet to
night at Rossotti's. Everyone is
welcome.
German seminar will meet to
night at Rossotti's. Everyone is
welcome.
German seminar will meet to
night at Rossotti's. Everyone is
welcome.
German seminar will meet to
night at Rossotti's. Everyone is
welcome.
German seminar will meet to
night at Rossotti's. Everyone is
welcome.
German seminar will meet to
night at Rossotti's. Everyone is
welcome.
