# UNDER THE WEATHER
## 
### 
Palo Alto Hospital—Reed Flick
inger, Gordon Lund, Mrs. Eleanor
Wambsganss.
Palo Alto Hospital—Reed Flick
inger, Gordon Lund, Mrs. Eleanor
Wambsganss.
Palo Alto Hospital—Reed Flick
inger, Gordon Lund, Mrs. Eleanor
Wambsganss.
Palo Alto Hospital—Reed Flick
inger, Gordon Lund, Mrs. Eleanor
Wambsganss.
Palo Alto Hospital—Reed Flick
inger, Gordon Lund, Mrs. Eleanor
Wambsganss.
Palo Alto Hospital—Reed Flick
inger, Gordon Lund, Mrs. Eleanor
Wambsganss.
Palo Alto Hospital—Reed Flick
inger, Gordon Lund, Mrs. Eleanor
Wambsganss.
Palo Alto Hospital—Reed Flick
inger, Gordon Lund, Mrs. Eleanor
Wambsganss.
Palo Alto Hospital—Reed Flick
inger, Gordon Lund, Mrs. Eleanor
Wambsganss.
Palo Alto Hospital—Reed Flick
inger, Gordon Lund, Mrs. Eleanor
Wambsganss.
Palo Alto Hospital—Reed Flick
inger, Gordon Lund, Mrs. Eleanor
Wambsganss.
Palo Alto Hospital—Reed Flick
inger, Gordon Lund, Mrs. Eleanor
Wambsganss.
Palo Alto Hospital—Reed Flick
inger, Gordon Lund, Mrs. Eleanor
Wambsganss.
Palo Alto Hospital—Reed Flick
inger, Gordon Lund, Mrs. Eleanor
Wambsganss.
Palo Alto Hospital—Reed Flick
inger, Gordon Lund, Mrs. Eleanor
Wambsganss.
