# SCIENTISTS MEET
## 
### 
Dr. Vertress L. VanderHoof, act
ing dean of the Stanford School of
Mineral Sciences, is attending the
annual field conference of verte
brate paleontologists in Wyoming
held this week.
Dr. Vertress L. VanderHoof, act
ing dean of the Stanford School of
Mineral Sciences, is attending the
annual field conference of verte
brate paleontologists in Wyoming
held this week.
Dr. Vertress L. VanderHoof, act
ing dean of the Stanford School of
Mineral Sciences, is attending the
annual field conference of verte
brate paleontologists in Wyoming
held this week.
Dr. Vertress L. VanderHoof, act
ing dean of the Stanford School of
Mineral Sciences, is attending the
annual field conference of verte
brate paleontologists in Wyoming
held this week.
Dr. Vertress L. VanderHoof, act
ing dean of the Stanford School of
Mineral Sciences, is attending the
annual field conference of verte
brate paleontologists in Wyoming
held this week.
Dr. Vertress L. VanderHoof, act
ing dean of the Stanford School of
Mineral Sciences, is attending the
annual field conference of verte
brate paleontologists in Wyoming
held this week.
Dr. Vertress L. VanderHoof, act
ing dean of the Stanford School of
Mineral Sciences, is attending the
annual field conference of verte
brate paleontologists in Wyoming
held this week.
Dr. Vertress L. VanderHoof, act
ing dean of the Stanford School of
Mineral Sciences, is attending the
annual field conference of verte
brate paleontologists in Wyoming
held this week.
Dr. Vertress L. VanderHoof, act
ing dean of the Stanford School of
Mineral Sciences, is attending the
annual field conference of verte
brate paleontologists in Wyoming
held this week.
Dr. Vertress L. VanderHoof, act
ing dean of the Stanford School of
Mineral Sciences, is attending the
annual field conference of verte
brate paleontologists in Wyoming
held this week.
Dr. Vertress L. VanderHoof, act
ing dean of the Stanford School of
Mineral Sciences, is attending the
annual field conference of verte
brate paleontologists in Wyoming
held this week.
Dr. Vertress L. VanderHoof, act
ing dean of the Stanford School of
Mineral Sciences, is attending the
annual field conference of verte
brate paleontologists in Wyoming
held this week.
Dr. Vertress L. VanderHoof, act
ing dean of the Stanford School of
Mineral Sciences, is attending the
annual field conference of verte
brate paleontologists in Wyoming
held this week.
Dr. Vertress L. VanderHoof, act
ing dean of the Stanford School of
Mineral Sciences, is attending the
annual field conference of verte
brate paleontologists in Wyoming
held this week.
Dr. Vertress L. VanderHoof, act
ing dean of the Stanford School of
Mineral Sciences, is attending the
annual field conference of verte
brate paleontologists in Wyoming
held this week.
