# Law School to Show Movie 'Trial by Jury'
## 
### 
"Trial by Jury," a film designed
and produced especially for use in
legal training, will be shown to
Law School students in Cubberley
Auditorium Tuesday at 1:15 p.m.
Professor Milton Green, who is
teaching in the Stanford Law
School this summer, produced the
film at the University of Washing
ton. He will give a short talk on
the background of the work prior
to the showing.
All students are invited to at
tend.
"Trial by Jury," a film designed
and produced especially for use in
legal training, will be shown to
Law School students in Cubberley
Auditorium Tuesday at 1:15 p.m.
Professor Milton Green, who is
teaching in the Stanford Law
School this summer, produced the
film at the University of Washing
ton. He will give a short talk on
the background of the work prior
to the showing.
All students are invited to at
tend.
"Trial by Jury," a film designed
and produced especially for use in
legal training, will be shown to
Law School students in Cubberley
Auditorium Tuesday at 1:15 p.m.
Professor Milton Green, who is
teaching in the Stanford Law
School this summer, produced the
film at the University of Washing
ton. He will give a short talk on
the background of the work prior
to the showing.
All students are invited to at
tend.
"Trial by Jury," a film designed
and produced especially for use in
legal training, will be shown to
Law School students in Cubberley
Auditorium Tuesday at 1:15 p.m.
Professor Milton Green, who is
teaching in the Stanford Law
School this summer, produced the
film at the University of Washing
ton. He will give a short talk on
the background of the work prior
to the showing.
All students are invited to at
tend.
"Trial by Jury," a film designed
and produced especially for use in
legal training, will be shown to
Law School students in Cubberley
Auditorium Tuesday at 1:15 p.m.
Professor Milton Green, who is
teaching in the Stanford Law
School this summer, produced the
film at the University of Washing
ton. He will give a short talk on
the background of the work prior
to the showing.
All students are invited to at
tend.
"Trial by Jury," a film designed
and produced especially for use in
legal training, will be shown to
Law School students in Cubberley
Auditorium Tuesday at 1:15 p.m.
Professor Milton Green, who is
teaching in the Stanford Law
School this summer, produced the
film at the University of Washing
ton. He will give a short talk on
the background of the work prior
to the showing.
All students are invited to at
tend.
"Trial by Jury," a film designed
and produced especially for use in
legal training, will be shown to
Law School students in Cubberley
Auditorium Tuesday at 1:15 p.m.
Professor Milton Green, who is
teaching in the Stanford Law
School this summer, produced the
film at the University of Washing
ton. He will give a short talk on
the background of the work prior
to the showing.
All students are invited to at
tend.
"Trial by Jury," a film designed
and produced especially for use in
legal training, will be shown to
Law School students in Cubberley
Auditorium Tuesday at 1:15 p.m.
Professor Milton Green, who is
teaching in the Stanford Law
School this summer, produced the
film at the University of Washing
ton. He will give a short talk on
the background of the work prior
to the showing.
All students are invited to at
tend.
"Trial by Jury," a film designed
and produced especially for use in
legal training, will be shown to
Law School students in Cubberley
Auditorium Tuesday at 1:15 p.m.
Professor Milton Green, who is
teaching in the Stanford Law
School this summer, produced the
film at the University of Washing
ton. He will give a short talk on
the background of the work prior
to the showing.
All students are invited to at
tend.
"Trial by Jury," a film designed
and produced especially for use in
legal training, will be shown to
Law School students in Cubberley
Auditorium Tuesday at 1:15 p.m.
Professor Milton Green, who is
teaching in the Stanford Law
School this summer, produced the
film at the University of Washing
ton. He will give a short talk on
the background of the work prior
to the showing.
All students are invited to at
tend.
"Trial by Jury," a film designed
and produced especially for use in
legal training, will be shown to
Law School students in Cubberley
Auditorium Tuesday at 1:15 p.m.
Professor Milton Green, who is
teaching in the Stanford Law
School this summer, produced the
film at the University of Washing
ton. He will give a short talk on
the background of the work prior
to the showing.
All students are invited to at
tend.
"Trial by Jury," a film designed
and produced especially for use in
legal training, will be shown to
Law School students in Cubberley
Auditorium Tuesday at 1:15 p.m.
Professor Milton Green, who is
teaching in the Stanford Law
School this summer, produced the
film at the University of Washing
ton. He will give a short talk on
the background of the work prior
to the showing.
All students are invited to at
tend.
"Trial by Jury," a film designed
and produced especially for use in
legal training, will be shown to
Law School students in Cubberley
Auditorium Tuesday at 1:15 p.m.
Professor Milton Green, who is
teaching in the Stanford Law
School this summer, produced the
film at the University of Washing
ton. He will give a short talk on
the background of the work prior
to the showing.
All students are invited to at
tend.
"Trial by Jury," a film designed
and produced especially for use in
legal training, will be shown to
Law School students in Cubberley
Auditorium Tuesday at 1:15 p.m.
Professor Milton Green, who is
teaching in the Stanford Law
School this summer, produced the
film at the University of Washing
ton. He will give a short talk on
the background of the work prior
to the showing.
All students are invited to at
tend.
"Trial by Jury," a film designed
and produced especially for use in
legal training, will be shown to
Law School students in Cubberley
Auditorium Tuesday at 1:15 p.m.
Professor Milton Green, who is
teaching in the Stanford Law
School this summer, produced the
film at the University of Washing
ton. He will give a short talk on
the background of the work prior
to the showing.
All students are invited to at
tend.
