# Graduates Study History Teaching
## 
### 
Seventeen graduate students and
teachers of American history are
studying at Stanford this summer
under special scholarships awarded
by the Institute of American His
tory at the University.
The scholars are carrying on a
program in the teaching of Ameri
can history under the direction of
Dr. Edgar E. Robinson, executive
head of the Stanford history de
partment and director of the insti
tute. They are:
Emma Beekmann, Patricia E.
Cody, Herman Dubowy, Frances N.
Ewy, William E. Franklin Jr., Ray
mond Gruner, William W. Heisler,
Joseph D. Hyde. Cecilia R. Irvine,
Marie Lazenby, Richard T. Loomis,
Arthur McArthur, Rhe N. Nelson,
Leila L. Ogilvie. Virginia Ottini,
Margaret deK. Treat, Carl G. Win
ter.
Seventeen graduate students and
teachers of American history are
studying at Stanford this summer
under special scholarships awarded
by the Institute of American His
tory at the University.
The scholars are carrying on a
program in the teaching of Ameri
can history under the direction of
Dr. Edgar E. Robinson, executive
head of the Stanford history de
partment and director of the insti
tute. They are:
Emma Beekmann, Patricia E.
Cody, Herman Dubowy, Frances N.
Ewy, William E. Franklin Jr., Ray
mond Gruner, William W. Heisler,
Joseph D. Hyde. Cecilia R. Irvine,
Marie Lazenby, Richard T. Loomis,
Arthur McArthur, Rhe N. Nelson,
Leila L. Ogilvie. Virginia Ottini,
Margaret deK. Treat, Carl G. Win
ter.
Seventeen graduate students and
teachers of American history are
studying at Stanford this summer
under special scholarships awarded
by the Institute of American His
tory at the University.
The scholars are carrying on a
program in the teaching of Ameri
can history under the direction of
Dr. Edgar E. Robinson, executive
head of the Stanford history de
partment and director of the insti
tute. They are:
Emma Beekmann, Patricia E.
Cody, Herman Dubowy, Frances N.
Ewy, William E. Franklin Jr., Ray
mond Gruner, William W. Heisler,
Joseph D. Hyde. Cecilia R. Irvine,
Marie Lazenby, Richard T. Loomis,
Arthur McArthur, Rhe N. Nelson,
Leila L. Ogilvie. Virginia Ottini,
Margaret deK. Treat, Carl G. Win
ter.
Seventeen graduate students and
teachers of American history are
studying at Stanford this summer
under special scholarships awarded
by the Institute of American His
tory at the University.
The scholars are carrying on a
program in the teaching of Ameri
can history under the direction of
Dr. Edgar E. Robinson, executive
head of the Stanford history de
partment and director of the insti
tute. They are:
Emma Beekmann, Patricia E.
Cody, Herman Dubowy, Frances N.
Ewy, William E. Franklin Jr., Ray
mond Gruner, William W. Heisler,
Joseph D. Hyde. Cecilia R. Irvine,
Marie Lazenby, Richard T. Loomis,
Arthur McArthur, Rhe N. Nelson,
Leila L. Ogilvie. Virginia Ottini,
Margaret deK. Treat, Carl G. Win
ter.
Seventeen graduate students and
teachers of American history are
studying at Stanford this summer
under special scholarships awarded
by the Institute of American His
tory at the University.
The scholars are carrying on a
program in the teaching of Ameri
can history under the direction of
Dr. Edgar E. Robinson, executive
head of the Stanford history de
partment and director of the insti
tute. They are:
Emma Beekmann, Patricia E.
Cody, Herman Dubowy, Frances N.
Ewy, William E. Franklin Jr., Ray
mond Gruner, William W. Heisler,
Joseph D. Hyde. Cecilia R. Irvine,
Marie Lazenby, Richard T. Loomis,
Arthur McArthur, Rhe N. Nelson,
Leila L. Ogilvie. Virginia Ottini,
Margaret deK. Treat, Carl G. Win
ter.
Seventeen graduate students and
teachers of American history are
studying at Stanford this summer
under special scholarships awarded
by the Institute of American His
tory at the University.
The scholars are carrying on a
program in the teaching of Ameri
can history under the direction of
Dr. Edgar E. Robinson, executive
head of the Stanford history de
partment and director of the insti
tute. They are:
Emma Beekmann, Patricia E.
Cody, Herman Dubowy, Frances N.
Ewy, William E. Franklin Jr., Ray
mond Gruner, William W. Heisler,
Joseph D. Hyde. Cecilia R. Irvine,
Marie Lazenby, Richard T. Loomis,
Arthur McArthur, Rhe N. Nelson,
Leila L. Ogilvie. Virginia Ottini,
Margaret deK. Treat, Carl G. Win
ter.
Seventeen graduate students and
teachers of American history are
studying at Stanford this summer
under special scholarships awarded
by the Institute of American His
tory at the University.
The scholars are carrying on a
program in the teaching of Ameri
can history under the direction of
Dr. Edgar E. Robinson, executive
head of the Stanford history de
partment and director of the insti
tute. They are:
Emma Beekmann, Patricia E.
Cody, Herman Dubowy, Frances N.
Ewy, William E. Franklin Jr., Ray
mond Gruner, William W. Heisler,
Joseph D. Hyde. Cecilia R. Irvine,
Marie Lazenby, Richard T. Loomis,
Arthur McArthur, Rhe N. Nelson,
Leila L. Ogilvie. Virginia Ottini,
Margaret deK. Treat, Carl G. Win
ter.
Seventeen graduate students and
teachers of American history are
studying at Stanford this summer
under special scholarships awarded
by the Institute of American His
tory at the University.
The scholars are carrying on a
program in the teaching of Ameri
can history under the direction of
Dr. Edgar E. Robinson, executive
head of the Stanford history de
partment and director of the insti
tute. They are:
Emma Beekmann, Patricia E.
Cody, Herman Dubowy, Frances N.
Ewy, William E. Franklin Jr., Ray
mond Gruner, William W. Heisler,
Joseph D. Hyde. Cecilia R. Irvine,
Marie Lazenby, Richard T. Loomis,
Arthur McArthur, Rhe N. Nelson,
Leila L. Ogilvie. Virginia Ottini,
Margaret deK. Treat, Carl G. Win
ter.
Seventeen graduate students and
teachers of American history are
studying at Stanford this summer
under special scholarships awarded
by the Institute of American His
tory at the University.
The scholars are carrying on a
program in the teaching of Ameri
can history under the direction of
Dr. Edgar E. Robinson, executive
head of the Stanford history de
partment and director of the insti
tute. They are:
Emma Beekmann, Patricia E.
Cody, Herman Dubowy, Frances N.
Ewy, William E. Franklin Jr., Ray
mond Gruner, William W. Heisler,
Joseph D. Hyde. Cecilia R. Irvine,
Marie Lazenby, Richard T. Loomis,
Arthur McArthur, Rhe N. Nelson,
Leila L. Ogilvie. Virginia Ottini,
Margaret deK. Treat, Carl G. Win
ter.
Seventeen graduate students and
teachers of American history are
studying at Stanford this summer
under special scholarships awarded
by the Institute of American His
tory at the University.
The scholars are carrying on a
program in the teaching of Ameri
can history under the direction of
Dr. Edgar E. Robinson, executive
head of the Stanford history de
partment and director of the insti
tute. They are:
Emma Beekmann, Patricia E.
Cody, Herman Dubowy, Frances N.
Ewy, William E. Franklin Jr., Ray
mond Gruner, William W. Heisler,
Joseph D. Hyde. Cecilia R. Irvine,
Marie Lazenby, Richard T. Loomis,
Arthur McArthur, Rhe N. Nelson,
Leila L. Ogilvie. Virginia Ottini,
Margaret deK. Treat, Carl G. Win
ter.
Seventeen graduate students and
teachers of American history are
studying at Stanford this summer
under special scholarships awarded
by the Institute of American His
tory at the University.
The scholars are carrying on a
program in the teaching of Ameri
can history under the direction of
Dr. Edgar E. Robinson, executive
head of the Stanford history de
partment and director of the insti
tute. They are:
Emma Beekmann, Patricia E.
Cody, Herman Dubowy, Frances N.
Ewy, William E. Franklin Jr., Ray
mond Gruner, William W. Heisler,
Joseph D. Hyde. Cecilia R. Irvine,
Marie Lazenby, Richard T. Loomis,
Arthur McArthur, Rhe N. Nelson,
Leila L. Ogilvie. Virginia Ottini,
Margaret deK. Treat, Carl G. Win
ter.
Seventeen graduate students and
teachers of American history are
studying at Stanford this summer
under special scholarships awarded
by the Institute of American His
tory at the University.
The scholars are carrying on a
program in the teaching of Ameri
can history under the direction of
Dr. Edgar E. Robinson, executive
head of the Stanford history de
partment and director of the insti
tute. They are:
Emma Beekmann, Patricia E.
Cody, Herman Dubowy, Frances N.
Ewy, William E. Franklin Jr., Ray
mond Gruner, William W. Heisler,
Joseph D. Hyde. Cecilia R. Irvine,
Marie Lazenby, Richard T. Loomis,
Arthur McArthur, Rhe N. Nelson,
Leila L. Ogilvie. Virginia Ottini,
Margaret deK. Treat, Carl G. Win
ter.
Seventeen graduate students and
teachers of American history are
studying at Stanford this summer
under special scholarships awarded
by the Institute of American His
tory at the University.
The scholars are carrying on a
program in the teaching of Ameri
can history under the direction of
Dr. Edgar E. Robinson, executive
head of the Stanford history de
partment and director of the insti
tute. They are:
Emma Beekmann, Patricia E.
Cody, Herman Dubowy, Frances N.
Ewy, William E. Franklin Jr., Ray
mond Gruner, William W. Heisler,
Joseph D. Hyde. Cecilia R. Irvine,
Marie Lazenby, Richard T. Loomis,
Arthur McArthur, Rhe N. Nelson,
Leila L. Ogilvie. Virginia Ottini,
Margaret deK. Treat, Carl G. Win
ter.
Seventeen graduate students and
teachers of American history are
studying at Stanford this summer
under special scholarships awarded
by the Institute of American His
tory at the University.
The scholars are carrying on a
program in the teaching of Ameri
can history under the direction of
Dr. Edgar E. Robinson, executive
head of the Stanford history de
partment and director of the insti
tute. They are:
Emma Beekmann, Patricia E.
Cody, Herman Dubowy, Frances N.
Ewy, William E. Franklin Jr., Ray
mond Gruner, William W. Heisler,
Joseph D. Hyde. Cecilia R. Irvine,
Marie Lazenby, Richard T. Loomis,
Arthur McArthur, Rhe N. Nelson,
Leila L. Ogilvie. Virginia Ottini,
Margaret deK. Treat, Carl G. Win
ter.
Seventeen graduate students and
teachers of American history are
studying at Stanford this summer
under special scholarships awarded
by the Institute of American His
tory at the University.
The scholars are carrying on a
program in the teaching of Ameri
can history under the direction of
Dr. Edgar E. Robinson, executive
head of the Stanford history de
partment and director of the insti
tute. They are:
Emma Beekmann, Patricia E.
Cody, Herman Dubowy, Frances N.
Ewy, William E. Franklin Jr., Ray
mond Gruner, William W. Heisler,
Joseph D. Hyde. Cecilia R. Irvine,
Marie Lazenby, Richard T. Loomis,
Arthur McArthur, Rhe N. Nelson,
Leila L. Ogilvie. Virginia Ottini,
Margaret deK. Treat, Carl G. Win
ter.
