# To Head U. S. G. A.
## 
### 

Robert M. Cutting (above) of Chi
cago is slatad to succeed Herbert
Ramsay of New York as president
of the United States Golf associa
tion for 1933. (Associated Press
Photo)

Robert M. Cutting (above) of Chi
cago is slatad to succeed Herbert
Ramsay of New York as president
of the United States Golf associa
tion for 1933. (Associated Press
Photo)

Robert M. Cutting (above) of Chi
cago is slatad to succeed Herbert
Ramsay of New York as president
of the United States Golf associa
tion for 1933. (Associated Press
Photo)

Robert M. Cutting (above) of Chi
cago is slatad to succeed Herbert
Ramsay of New York as president
of the United States Golf associa
tion for 1933. (Associated Press
Photo)

Robert M. Cutting (above) of Chi
cago is slatad to succeed Herbert
Ramsay of New York as president
of the United States Golf associa
tion for 1933. (Associated Press
Photo)

Robert M. Cutting (above) of Chi
cago is slatad to succeed Herbert
Ramsay of New York as president
of the United States Golf associa
tion for 1933. (Associated Press
Photo)

Robert M. Cutting (above) of Chi
cago is slatad to succeed Herbert
Ramsay of New York as president
of the United States Golf associa
tion for 1933. (Associated Press
Photo)

Robert M. Cutting (above) of Chi
cago is slatad to succeed Herbert
Ramsay of New York as president
of the United States Golf associa
tion for 1933. (Associated Press
Photo)

Robert M. Cutting (above) of Chi
cago is slatad to succeed Herbert
Ramsay of New York as president
of the United States Golf associa
tion for 1933. (Associated Press
Photo)

Robert M. Cutting (above) of Chi
cago is slatad to succeed Herbert
Ramsay of New York as president
of the United States Golf associa
tion for 1933. (Associated Press
Photo)

Robert M. Cutting (above) of Chi
cago is slatad to succeed Herbert
Ramsay of New York as president
of the United States Golf associa
tion for 1933. (Associated Press
Photo)

Robert M. Cutting (above) of Chi
cago is slatad to succeed Herbert
Ramsay of New York as president
of the United States Golf associa
tion for 1933. (Associated Press
Photo)

Robert M. Cutting (above) of Chi
cago is slatad to succeed Herbert
Ramsay of New York as president
of the United States Golf associa
tion for 1933. (Associated Press
Photo)

Robert M. Cutting (above) of Chi
cago is slatad to succeed Herbert
Ramsay of New York as president
of the United States Golf associa
tion for 1933. (Associated Press
Photo)

Robert M. Cutting (above) of Chi
cago is slatad to succeed Herbert
Ramsay of New York as president
of the United States Golf associa
tion for 1933. (Associated Press
Photo)

Robert M. Cutting (above) of Chi
cago is slatad to succeed Herbert
Ramsay of New York as president
of the United States Golf associa
tion for 1933. (Associated Press
Photo)
