# Lassiter Family Claims Two Successful Gridmen
## 
### 
The Lassiter family of Charlotte,
North Carolina, will be well sup
plied with football heroes when the
1933 grid season gets under way.
Robert, the youngest, named on
many all-American selections this
year, will captain the Bulldog team
of old Yale next year, while his
brother, Hanes, .voted one of the
best-looking players in the country,
will be the mainstay of Coach
."Chuck" Collins' backfield at North
Carolina. The latter is a Phi Beta
Kappa man.
The Lassiter family of Charlotte,
North Carolina, will be well sup
plied with football heroes when the
1933 grid season gets under way.
Robert, the youngest, named on
many all-American selections this
year, will captain the Bulldog team
of old Yale next year, while his
brother, Hanes, .voted one of the
best-looking players in the country,
will be the mainstay of Coach
."Chuck" Collins' backfield at North
Carolina. The latter is a Phi Beta
Kappa man.
The Lassiter family of Charlotte,
North Carolina, will be well sup
plied with football heroes when the
1933 grid season gets under way.
Robert, the youngest, named on
many all-American selections this
year, will captain the Bulldog team
of old Yale next year, while his
brother, Hanes, .voted one of the
best-looking players in the country,
will be the mainstay of Coach
."Chuck" Collins' backfield at North
Carolina. The latter is a Phi Beta
Kappa man.
The Lassiter family of Charlotte,
North Carolina, will be well sup
plied with football heroes when the
1933 grid season gets under way.
Robert, the youngest, named on
many all-American selections this
year, will captain the Bulldog team
of old Yale next year, while his
brother, Hanes, .voted one of the
best-looking players in the country,
will be the mainstay of Coach
."Chuck" Collins' backfield at North
Carolina. The latter is a Phi Beta
Kappa man.
The Lassiter family of Charlotte,
North Carolina, will be well sup
plied with football heroes when the
1933 grid season gets under way.
Robert, the youngest, named on
many all-American selections this
year, will captain the Bulldog team
of old Yale next year, while his
brother, Hanes, .voted one of the
best-looking players in the country,
will be the mainstay of Coach
."Chuck" Collins' backfield at North
Carolina. The latter is a Phi Beta
Kappa man.
The Lassiter family of Charlotte,
North Carolina, will be well sup
plied with football heroes when the
1933 grid season gets under way.
Robert, the youngest, named on
many all-American selections this
year, will captain the Bulldog team
of old Yale next year, while his
brother, Hanes, .voted one of the
best-looking players in the country,
will be the mainstay of Coach
."Chuck" Collins' backfield at North
Carolina. The latter is a Phi Beta
Kappa man.
The Lassiter family of Charlotte,
North Carolina, will be well sup
plied with football heroes when the
1933 grid season gets under way.
Robert, the youngest, named on
many all-American selections this
year, will captain the Bulldog team
of old Yale next year, while his
brother, Hanes, .voted one of the
best-looking players in the country,
will be the mainstay of Coach
."Chuck" Collins' backfield at North
Carolina. The latter is a Phi Beta
Kappa man.
The Lassiter family of Charlotte,
North Carolina, will be well sup
plied with football heroes when the
1933 grid season gets under way.
Robert, the youngest, named on
many all-American selections this
year, will captain the Bulldog team
of old Yale next year, while his
brother, Hanes, .voted one of the
best-looking players in the country,
will be the mainstay of Coach
."Chuck" Collins' backfield at North
Carolina. The latter is a Phi Beta
Kappa man.
The Lassiter family of Charlotte,
North Carolina, will be well sup
plied with football heroes when the
1933 grid season gets under way.
Robert, the youngest, named on
many all-American selections this
year, will captain the Bulldog team
of old Yale next year, while his
brother, Hanes, .voted one of the
best-looking players in the country,
will be the mainstay of Coach
."Chuck" Collins' backfield at North
Carolina. The latter is a Phi Beta
Kappa man.
The Lassiter family of Charlotte,
North Carolina, will be well sup
plied with football heroes when the
1933 grid season gets under way.
Robert, the youngest, named on
many all-American selections this
year, will captain the Bulldog team
of old Yale next year, while his
brother, Hanes, .voted one of the
best-looking players in the country,
will be the mainstay of Coach
."Chuck" Collins' backfield at North
Carolina. The latter is a Phi Beta
Kappa man.
The Lassiter family of Charlotte,
North Carolina, will be well sup
plied with football heroes when the
1933 grid season gets under way.
Robert, the youngest, named on
many all-American selections this
year, will captain the Bulldog team
of old Yale next year, while his
brother, Hanes, .voted one of the
best-looking players in the country,
will be the mainstay of Coach
."Chuck" Collins' backfield at North
Carolina. The latter is a Phi Beta
Kappa man.
The Lassiter family of Charlotte,
North Carolina, will be well sup
plied with football heroes when the
1933 grid season gets under way.
Robert, the youngest, named on
many all-American selections this
year, will captain the Bulldog team
of old Yale next year, while his
brother, Hanes, .voted one of the
best-looking players in the country,
will be the mainstay of Coach
."Chuck" Collins' backfield at North
Carolina. The latter is a Phi Beta
Kappa man.
The Lassiter family of Charlotte,
North Carolina, will be well sup
plied with football heroes when the
1933 grid season gets under way.
Robert, the youngest, named on
many all-American selections this
year, will captain the Bulldog team
of old Yale next year, while his
brother, Hanes, .voted one of the
best-looking players in the country,
will be the mainstay of Coach
."Chuck" Collins' backfield at North
Carolina. The latter is a Phi Beta
Kappa man.
The Lassiter family of Charlotte,
North Carolina, will be well sup
plied with football heroes when the
1933 grid season gets under way.
Robert, the youngest, named on
many all-American selections this
year, will captain the Bulldog team
of old Yale next year, while his
brother, Hanes, .voted one of the
best-looking players in the country,
will be the mainstay of Coach
."Chuck" Collins' backfield at North
Carolina. The latter is a Phi Beta
Kappa man.
The Lassiter family of Charlotte,
North Carolina, will be well sup
plied with football heroes when the
1933 grid season gets under way.
Robert, the youngest, named on
many all-American selections this
year, will captain the Bulldog team
of old Yale next year, while his
brother, Hanes, .voted one of the
best-looking players in the country,
will be the mainstay of Coach
."Chuck" Collins' backfield at North
Carolina. The latter is a Phi Beta
Kappa man.
The Lassiter family of Charlotte,
North Carolina, will be well sup
plied with football heroes when the
1933 grid season gets under way.
Robert, the youngest, named on
many all-American selections this
year, will captain the Bulldog team
of old Yale next year, while his
brother, Hanes, .voted one of the
best-looking players in the country,
will be the mainstay of Coach
."Chuck" Collins' backfield at North
Carolina. The latter is a Phi Beta
Kappa man.
