# RECORD ASKED
## 
### 
Women working for W.A.A. script
are asked to check their points al
ready awarded with Louise Hudson
by Friday noon.
Women working for W.A.A. script
are asked to check their points al
ready awarded with Louise Hudson
by Friday noon.
Women working for W.A.A. script
are asked to check their points al
ready awarded with Louise Hudson
by Friday noon.
Women working for W.A.A. script
are asked to check their points al
ready awarded with Louise Hudson
by Friday noon.
Women working for W.A.A. script
are asked to check their points al
ready awarded with Louise Hudson
by Friday noon.
Women working for W.A.A. script
are asked to check their points al
ready awarded with Louise Hudson
by Friday noon.
Women working for W.A.A. script
are asked to check their points al
ready awarded with Louise Hudson
by Friday noon.
Women working for W.A.A. script
are asked to check their points al
ready awarded with Louise Hudson
by Friday noon.
Women working for W.A.A. script
are asked to check their points al
ready awarded with Louise Hudson
by Friday noon.
Women working for W.A.A. script
are asked to check their points al
ready awarded with Louise Hudson
by Friday noon.
Women working for W.A.A. script
are asked to check their points al
ready awarded with Louise Hudson
by Friday noon.
Women working for W.A.A. script
are asked to check their points al
ready awarded with Louise Hudson
by Friday noon.
Women working for W.A.A. script
are asked to check their points al
ready awarded with Louise Hudson
by Friday noon.
Women working for W.A.A. script
are asked to check their points al
ready awarded with Louise Hudson
by Friday noon.
Women working for W.A.A. script
are asked to check their points al
ready awarded with Louise Hudson
by Friday noon.
Women working for W.A.A. script
are asked to check their points al
ready awarded with Louise Hudson
by Friday noon.
