# MURDERER SENTENCED
## 
### 
NAIROBI, Kenya, Africa, Dec. L
TP) —Charles William Ross was sen
tenced to death today for the mur
der of Margaret Elizabeth Keppie
in the Kenya jungle recently.
NAIROBI, Kenya, Africa, Dec. L
TP) —Charles William Ross was sen
tenced to death today for the mur
der of Margaret Elizabeth Keppie
in the Kenya jungle recently.
NAIROBI, Kenya, Africa, Dec. L
TP) —Charles William Ross was sen
tenced to death today for the mur
der of Margaret Elizabeth Keppie
in the Kenya jungle recently.
NAIROBI, Kenya, Africa, Dec. L
TP) —Charles William Ross was sen
tenced to death today for the mur
der of Margaret Elizabeth Keppie
in the Kenya jungle recently.
NAIROBI, Kenya, Africa, Dec. L
TP) —Charles William Ross was sen
tenced to death today for the mur
der of Margaret Elizabeth Keppie
in the Kenya jungle recently.
NAIROBI, Kenya, Africa, Dec. L
TP) —Charles William Ross was sen
tenced to death today for the mur
der of Margaret Elizabeth Keppie
in the Kenya jungle recently.
NAIROBI, Kenya, Africa, Dec. L
TP) —Charles William Ross was sen
tenced to death today for the mur
der of Margaret Elizabeth Keppie
in the Kenya jungle recently.
NAIROBI, Kenya, Africa, Dec. L
TP) —Charles William Ross was sen
tenced to death today for the mur
der of Margaret Elizabeth Keppie
in the Kenya jungle recently.
NAIROBI, Kenya, Africa, Dec. L
TP) —Charles William Ross was sen
tenced to death today for the mur
der of Margaret Elizabeth Keppie
in the Kenya jungle recently.
NAIROBI, Kenya, Africa, Dec. L
TP) —Charles William Ross was sen
tenced to death today for the mur
der of Margaret Elizabeth Keppie
in the Kenya jungle recently.
NAIROBI, Kenya, Africa, Dec. L
TP) —Charles William Ross was sen
tenced to death today for the mur
der of Margaret Elizabeth Keppie
in the Kenya jungle recently.
NAIROBI, Kenya, Africa, Dec. L
TP) —Charles William Ross was sen
tenced to death today for the mur
der of Margaret Elizabeth Keppie
in the Kenya jungle recently.
NAIROBI, Kenya, Africa, Dec. L
TP) —Charles William Ross was sen
tenced to death today for the mur
der of Margaret Elizabeth Keppie
in the Kenya jungle recently.
NAIROBI, Kenya, Africa, Dec. L
TP) —Charles William Ross was sen
tenced to death today for the mur
der of Margaret Elizabeth Keppie
in the Kenya jungle recently.
NAIROBI, Kenya, Africa, Dec. L
TP) —Charles William Ross was sen
tenced to death today for the mur
der of Margaret Elizabeth Keppie
in the Kenya jungle recently.
NAIROBI, Kenya, Africa, Dec. L
TP) —Charles William Ross was sen
tenced to death today for the mur
der of Margaret Elizabeth Keppie
in the Kenya jungle recently.
