# For the record
## 
### 
An article in yesterday's Daily
misidentified Diana Conklin as
associate director of Residential
Education. Conklin is actually
manager of undergraduate resi
dence facilities.

An article in yesterday's Daily
misidentified Diana Conklin as
associate director of Residential
Education. Conklin is actually
manager of undergraduate resi
dence facilities.

An article in yesterday's Daily
misidentified Diana Conklin as
associate director of Residential
Education. Conklin is actually
manager of undergraduate resi
dence facilities.

An article in yesterday's Daily
misidentified Diana Conklin as
associate director of Residential
Education. Conklin is actually
manager of undergraduate resi
dence facilities.

An article in yesterday's Daily
misidentified Diana Conklin as
associate director of Residential
Education. Conklin is actually
manager of undergraduate resi
dence facilities.

An article in yesterday's Daily
misidentified Diana Conklin as
associate director of Residential
Education. Conklin is actually
manager of undergraduate resi
dence facilities.

