# Eek!
## Some students find their hot water cold 
### James G. Wheaton Contributing writer 
While their peers are snowed in
on the E»Lst Coast, a few unfortu
nate Stanford students are facing
a deep freeze of their own: Resi
dents of Castano, Lantana, the
French House and Grove-Lasuen
returned from break to find only
sporadic hot water service.
"That water was colder than
spit," said sophomore Eric Beer
bohm, a Lantana resident.
Peter Harvey, facilities engi
neer at Housing and Dining Ser
vices, said>the problem at the two
dorms was with the temperature
controls. Instead of holding the
water at a pre-set temperature, a
faulty control allowed it to be
heated to a scalding temperature.
Another control then kicked in
and shut down the heating sys
tem.
Facilities workers have been
working to fix the system since
Monday. "We will monitor the sit-

uation and keep working on it
until it is fixed," Harvey said, not
ing that "we have hot water now."
Nonetheless, the problem has
inconvenienced students. "It's
spooky because it's selective.
Some people get hot water, but I
get cold water every time," said
Beerbohm.
Other residences have been
affected by similar problems. Sev
eral bathrooms at Grove-Lasuen
have only lukewarm water and
the French House didn't have hot
water until late Monday morning.
While Haus Mitteleuropa has had
hot water, it did not have heat
until late Monday.
The hot water problems are not
uncommon, Harvey said. "Right
after break we have some start-up
issues" because housing shuts
down hot water and heat over
winter break to conserve energy.
"Most of these problems at the
Row houses are simple control
problems that will be fixed quick
ly." he said.
While their peers are snowed in
on the E»Lst Coast, a few unfortu
nate Stanford students are facing
a deep freeze of their own: Resi
dents of Castano, Lantana, the
French House and Grove-Lasuen
returned from break to find only
sporadic hot water service.
"That water was colder than
spit," said sophomore Eric Beer
bohm, a Lantana resident.
Peter Harvey, facilities engi
neer at Housing and Dining Ser
vices, said>the problem at the two
dorms was with the temperature
controls. Instead of holding the
water at a pre-set temperature, a
faulty control allowed it to be
heated to a scalding temperature.
Another control then kicked in
and shut down the heating sys
tem.
Facilities workers have been
working to fix the system since
Monday. "We will monitor the sit-

uation and keep working on it
until it is fixed," Harvey said, not
ing that "we have hot water now."
Nonetheless, the problem has
inconvenienced students. "It's
spooky because it's selective.
Some people get hot water, but I
get cold water every time," said
Beerbohm.
Other residences have been
affected by similar problems. Sev
eral bathrooms at Grove-Lasuen
have only lukewarm water and
the French House didn't have hot
water until late Monday morning.
While Haus Mitteleuropa has had
hot water, it did not have heat
until late Monday.
The hot water problems are not
uncommon, Harvey said. "Right
after break we have some start-up
issues" because housing shuts
down hot water and heat over
winter break to conserve energy.
"Most of these problems at the
Row houses are simple control
problems that will be fixed quick
ly." he said.
While their peers are snowed in
on the E»Lst Coast, a few unfortu
nate Stanford students are facing
a deep freeze of their own: Resi
dents of Castano, Lantana, the
French House and Grove-Lasuen
returned from break to find only
sporadic hot water service.
"That water was colder than
spit," said sophomore Eric Beer
bohm, a Lantana resident.
Peter Harvey, facilities engi
neer at Housing and Dining Ser
vices, said>the problem at the two
dorms was with the temperature
controls. Instead of holding the
water at a pre-set temperature, a
faulty control allowed it to be
heated to a scalding temperature.
Another control then kicked in
and shut down the heating sys
tem.
Facilities workers have been
working to fix the system since
Monday. "We will monitor the sit-

uation and keep working on it
until it is fixed," Harvey said, not
ing that "we have hot water now."
Nonetheless, the problem has
inconvenienced students. "It's
spooky because it's selective.
Some people get hot water, but I
get cold water every time," said
Beerbohm.
Other residences have been
affected by similar problems. Sev
eral bathrooms at Grove-Lasuen
have only lukewarm water and
the French House didn't have hot
water until late Monday morning.
While Haus Mitteleuropa has had
hot water, it did not have heat
until late Monday.
The hot water problems are not
uncommon, Harvey said. "Right
after break we have some start-up
issues" because housing shuts
down hot water and heat over
winter break to conserve energy.
"Most of these problems at the
Row houses are simple control
problems that will be fixed quick
ly." he said.
While their peers are snowed in
on the E»Lst Coast, a few unfortu
nate Stanford students are facing
a deep freeze of their own: Resi
dents of Castano, Lantana, the
French House and Grove-Lasuen
returned from break to find only
sporadic hot water service.
"That water was colder than
spit," said sophomore Eric Beer
bohm, a Lantana resident.
Peter Harvey, facilities engi
neer at Housing and Dining Ser
vices, said>the problem at the two
dorms was with the temperature
controls. Instead of holding the
water at a pre-set temperature, a
faulty control allowed it to be
heated to a scalding temperature.
Another control then kicked in
and shut down the heating sys
tem.
Facilities workers have been
working to fix the system since
Monday. "We will monitor the sit-

uation and keep working on it
until it is fixed," Harvey said, not
ing that "we have hot water now."
Nonetheless, the problem has
inconvenienced students. "It's
spooky because it's selective.
Some people get hot water, but I
get cold water every time," said
Beerbohm.
Other residences have been
affected by similar problems. Sev
eral bathrooms at Grove-Lasuen
have only lukewarm water and
the French House didn't have hot
water until late Monday morning.
While Haus Mitteleuropa has had
hot water, it did not have heat
until late Monday.
The hot water problems are not
uncommon, Harvey said. "Right
after break we have some start-up
issues" because housing shuts
down hot water and heat over
winter break to conserve energy.
"Most of these problems at the
Row houses are simple control
problems that will be fixed quick
ly." he said.
While their peers are snowed in
on the E»Lst Coast, a few unfortu
nate Stanford students are facing
a deep freeze of their own: Resi
dents of Castano, Lantana, the
French House and Grove-Lasuen
returned from break to find only
sporadic hot water service.
"That water was colder than
spit," said sophomore Eric Beer
bohm, a Lantana resident.
Peter Harvey, facilities engi
neer at Housing and Dining Ser
vices, said>the problem at the two
dorms was with the temperature
controls. Instead of holding the
water at a pre-set temperature, a
faulty control allowed it to be
heated to a scalding temperature.
Another control then kicked in
and shut down the heating sys
tem.
Facilities workers have been
working to fix the system since
Monday. "We will monitor the sit-

uation and keep working on it
until it is fixed," Harvey said, not
ing that "we have hot water now."
Nonetheless, the problem has
inconvenienced students. "It's
spooky because it's selective.
Some people get hot water, but I
get cold water every time," said
Beerbohm.
Other residences have been
affected by similar problems. Sev
eral bathrooms at Grove-Lasuen
have only lukewarm water and
the French House didn't have hot
water until late Monday morning.
While Haus Mitteleuropa has had
hot water, it did not have heat
until late Monday.
The hot water problems are not
uncommon, Harvey said. "Right
after break we have some start-up
issues" because housing shuts
down hot water and heat over
winter break to conserve energy.
"Most of these problems at the
Row houses are simple control
problems that will be fixed quick
ly." he said.
While their peers are snowed in
on the E»Lst Coast, a few unfortu
nate Stanford students are facing
a deep freeze of their own: Resi
dents of Castano, Lantana, the
French House and Grove-Lasuen
returned from break to find only
sporadic hot water service.
"That water was colder than
spit," said sophomore Eric Beer
bohm, a Lantana resident.
Peter Harvey, facilities engi
neer at Housing and Dining Ser
vices, said>the problem at the two
dorms was with the temperature
controls. Instead of holding the
water at a pre-set temperature, a
faulty control allowed it to be
heated to a scalding temperature.
Another control then kicked in
and shut down the heating sys
tem.
Facilities workers have been
working to fix the system since
Monday. "We will monitor the sit-

uation and keep working on it
until it is fixed," Harvey said, not
ing that "we have hot water now."
Nonetheless, the problem has
inconvenienced students. "It's
spooky because it's selective.
Some people get hot water, but I
get cold water every time," said
Beerbohm.
Other residences have been
affected by similar problems. Sev
eral bathrooms at Grove-Lasuen
have only lukewarm water and
the French House didn't have hot
water until late Monday morning.
While Haus Mitteleuropa has had
hot water, it did not have heat
until late Monday.
The hot water problems are not
uncommon, Harvey said. "Right
after break we have some start-up
issues" because housing shuts
down hot water and heat over
winter break to conserve energy.
"Most of these problems at the
Row houses are simple control
problems that will be fixed quick
ly." he said.
