# Lagunita is Wet Again.
## 
### 
Lagunita is again an actuality. The
rains of the past week have filled the
streams that supply the lake, and the
water level has been steadily rising.
With crew training in full swing, and
the foundations of the new boathouse
to he laid this week, Lagunita is
again to take its place as a center of
interest.
Lagunita is again an actuality. The
rains of the past week have filled the
streams that supply the lake, and the
water level has been steadily rising.
With crew training in full swing, and
the foundations of the new boathouse
to he laid this week, Lagunita is
again to take its place as a center of
interest.
Lagunita is again an actuality. The
rains of the past week have filled the
streams that supply the lake, and the
water level has been steadily rising.
With crew training in full swing, and
the foundations of the new boathouse
to he laid this week, Lagunita is
again to take its place as a center of
interest.
Lagunita is again an actuality. The
rains of the past week have filled the
streams that supply the lake, and the
water level has been steadily rising.
With crew training in full swing, and
the foundations of the new boathouse
to he laid this week, Lagunita is
again to take its place as a center of
interest.
Lagunita is again an actuality. The
rains of the past week have filled the
streams that supply the lake, and the
water level has been steadily rising.
With crew training in full swing, and
the foundations of the new boathouse
to he laid this week, Lagunita is
again to take its place as a center of
interest.
Lagunita is again an actuality. The
rains of the past week have filled the
streams that supply the lake, and the
water level has been steadily rising.
With crew training in full swing, and
the foundations of the new boathouse
to he laid this week, Lagunita is
again to take its place as a center of
interest.
Lagunita is again an actuality. The
rains of the past week have filled the
streams that supply the lake, and the
water level has been steadily rising.
With crew training in full swing, and
the foundations of the new boathouse
to he laid this week, Lagunita is
again to take its place as a center of
interest.
Lagunita is again an actuality. The
rains of the past week have filled the
streams that supply the lake, and the
water level has been steadily rising.
With crew training in full swing, and
the foundations of the new boathouse
to he laid this week, Lagunita is
again to take its place as a center of
interest.
Lagunita is again an actuality. The
rains of the past week have filled the
streams that supply the lake, and the
water level has been steadily rising.
With crew training in full swing, and
the foundations of the new boathouse
to he laid this week, Lagunita is
again to take its place as a center of
interest.
Lagunita is again an actuality. The
rains of the past week have filled the
streams that supply the lake, and the
water level has been steadily rising.
With crew training in full swing, and
the foundations of the new boathouse
to he laid this week, Lagunita is
again to take its place as a center of
interest.
Lagunita is again an actuality. The
rains of the past week have filled the
streams that supply the lake, and the
water level has been steadily rising.
With crew training in full swing, and
the foundations of the new boathouse
to he laid this week, Lagunita is
again to take its place as a center of
interest.
Lagunita is again an actuality. The
rains of the past week have filled the
streams that supply the lake, and the
water level has been steadily rising.
With crew training in full swing, and
the foundations of the new boathouse
to he laid this week, Lagunita is
again to take its place as a center of
interest.
Lagunita is again an actuality. The
rains of the past week have filled the
streams that supply the lake, and the
water level has been steadily rising.
With crew training in full swing, and
the foundations of the new boathouse
to he laid this week, Lagunita is
again to take its place as a center of
interest.
Lagunita is again an actuality. The
rains of the past week have filled the
streams that supply the lake, and the
water level has been steadily rising.
With crew training in full swing, and
the foundations of the new boathouse
to he laid this week, Lagunita is
again to take its place as a center of
interest.
