# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
j
Fraternal order of-
Herc's a little nifty for
the wall of your den
Fraternity Plaques
5" X 7"
Price $1.00
©
Rooaßroa
ENCINA SHOP
Hours 1 2-8 p.m.
H. B. Lee, '38
Carl Sehott, '37
I I
j
Fraternal order of-
Herc's a little nifty for
the wall of your den
Fraternity Plaques
5" X 7"
Price $1.00
©
Rooaßroa
ENCINA SHOP
Hours 1 2-8 p.m.
H. B. Lee, '38
Carl Sehott, '37
I I
j
Fraternal order of-
Herc's a little nifty for
the wall of your den
Fraternity Plaques
5" X 7"
Price $1.00
©
Rooaßroa
ENCINA SHOP
Hours 1 2-8 p.m.
H. B. Lee, '38
Carl Sehott, '37
I I
j
Fraternal order of-
Herc's a little nifty for
the wall of your den
Fraternity Plaques
5" X 7"
Price $1.00
©
Rooaßroa
ENCINA SHOP
Hours 1 2-8 p.m.
H. B. Lee, '38
Carl Sehott, '37
I I
j
Fraternal order of-
Herc's a little nifty for
the wall of your den
Fraternity Plaques
5" X 7"
Price $1.00
©
Rooaßroa
ENCINA SHOP
Hours 1 2-8 p.m.
H. B. Lee, '38
Carl Sehott, '37
I I
j
Fraternal order of-
Herc's a little nifty for
the wall of your den
Fraternity Plaques
5" X 7"
Price $1.00
©
Rooaßroa
ENCINA SHOP
Hours 1 2-8 p.m.
H. B. Lee, '38
Carl Sehott, '37
I I
j
Fraternal order of-
Herc's a little nifty for
the wall of your den
Fraternity Plaques
5" X 7"
Price $1.00
©
Rooaßroa
ENCINA SHOP
Hours 1 2-8 p.m.
H. B. Lee, '38
Carl Sehott, '37
I I
j
Fraternal order of-
Herc's a little nifty for
the wall of your den
Fraternity Plaques
5" X 7"
Price $1.00
©
Rooaßroa
ENCINA SHOP
Hours 1 2-8 p.m.
H. B. Lee, '38
Carl Sehott, '37
I I
j
Fraternal order of-
Herc's a little nifty for
the wall of your den
Fraternity Plaques
5" X 7"
Price $1.00
©
Rooaßroa
ENCINA SHOP
Hours 1 2-8 p.m.
H. B. Lee, '38
Carl Sehott, '37
I I
j
Fraternal order of-
Herc's a little nifty for
the wall of your den
Fraternity Plaques
5" X 7"
Price $1.00
©
Rooaßroa
ENCINA SHOP
Hours 1 2-8 p.m.
H. B. Lee, '38
Carl Sehott, '37
I I
j
Fraternal order of-
Herc's a little nifty for
the wall of your den
Fraternity Plaques
5" X 7"
Price $1.00
©
Rooaßroa
ENCINA SHOP
Hours 1 2-8 p.m.
H. B. Lee, '38
Carl Sehott, '37
I I
j
Fraternal order of-
Herc's a little nifty for
the wall of your den
Fraternity Plaques
5" X 7"
Price $1.00
©
Rooaßroa
ENCINA SHOP
Hours 1 2-8 p.m.
H. B. Lee, '38
Carl Sehott, '37
I I
j
Fraternal order of-
Herc's a little nifty for
the wall of your den
Fraternity Plaques
5" X 7"
Price $1.00
©
Rooaßroa
ENCINA SHOP
Hours 1 2-8 p.m.
H. B. Lee, '38
Carl Sehott, '37
I I
j
Fraternal order of-
Herc's a little nifty for
the wall of your den
Fraternity Plaques
5" X 7"
Price $1.00
©
Rooaßroa
ENCINA SHOP
Hours 1 2-8 p.m.
H. B. Lee, '38
Carl Sehott, '37
I I
j
Fraternal order of-
Herc's a little nifty for
the wall of your den
Fraternity Plaques
5" X 7"
Price $1.00
©
Rooaßroa
ENCINA SHOP
Hours 1 2-8 p.m.
H. B. Lee, '38
Carl Sehott, '37
I I
