# SIGMA NU PLEDGE
## 
### 
Interfraterivity Council announces
the pledging of Charles McFarland :
'39, to Sigma Nu. '
Interfraterivity Council announces
the pledging of Charles McFarland :
'39, to Sigma Nu. '
Interfraterivity Council announces
the pledging of Charles McFarland :
'39, to Sigma Nu. '
Interfraterivity Council announces
the pledging of Charles McFarland :
'39, to Sigma Nu. '
Interfraterivity Council announces
the pledging of Charles McFarland :
'39, to Sigma Nu. '
Interfraterivity Council announces
the pledging of Charles McFarland :
'39, to Sigma Nu. '
Interfraterivity Council announces
the pledging of Charles McFarland :
'39, to Sigma Nu. '
Interfraterivity Council announces
the pledging of Charles McFarland :
'39, to Sigma Nu. '
Interfraterivity Council announces
the pledging of Charles McFarland :
'39, to Sigma Nu. '
Interfraterivity Council announces
the pledging of Charles McFarland :
'39, to Sigma Nu. '
Interfraterivity Council announces
the pledging of Charles McFarland :
'39, to Sigma Nu. '
Interfraterivity Council announces
the pledging of Charles McFarland :
'39, to Sigma Nu. '
Interfraterivity Council announces
the pledging of Charles McFarland :
'39, to Sigma Nu. '
Interfraterivity Council announces
the pledging of Charles McFarland :
'39, to Sigma Nu. '
Interfraterivity Council announces
the pledging of Charles McFarland :
'39, to Sigma Nu. '
