# President Branner
## 
### 
In placing the Presidential mantle

upon the shoulders of Doctor John

Casper Brainier,
the trustees
selected one of the

ablest of American scholars, recog
nized as the leader among the world's
geologists; a successful teacher and a
man who has the reverence of every
student who has ever come into con
tact with him. He has been the inti
mate friend of Doctor Jordan for for
ty-three years, his academic colleague
for twenty-nine years, and as vice
president of the university for a de
cade and a half, his closest adminis
trative associate. President Brannsr,
therefore, undertakes his new duties
with ripe experience and intimate ac

quaintance with the needs of the uni
versity. *
President Branner's standing in the
university and scientific world points
to him as the logical man to fill the
position of Stanford's chief executive.
The fleld of geology alone has not
usurped the new president's attention.
In addition to his scientific pursuits
he has ventured into the general fleld
of higher education. He is a student
of the world, capable of bringing into
fruitful effort the experiences of his
eventful career as an educator and
scholar so that as the administrative
head of the university Stanford will
continue to develop along the lines of
highest and most practical endeavor.
In placing the Presidential mantle

upon the shoulders of Doctor John

Casper Brainier,
the trustees
selected one of the

ablest of American scholars, recog
nized as the leader among the world's
geologists; a successful teacher and a
man who has the reverence of every
student who has ever come into con
tact with him. He has been the inti
mate friend of Doctor Jordan for for
ty-three years, his academic colleague
for twenty-nine years, and as vice
president of the university for a de
cade and a half, his closest adminis
trative associate. President Brannsr,
therefore, undertakes his new duties
with ripe experience and intimate ac

quaintance with the needs of the uni
versity. *
President Branner's standing in the
university and scientific world points
to him as the logical man to fill the
position of Stanford's chief executive.
The fleld of geology alone has not
usurped the new president's attention.
In addition to his scientific pursuits
he has ventured into the general fleld
of higher education. He is a student
of the world, capable of bringing into
fruitful effort the experiences of his
eventful career as an educator and
scholar so that as the administrative
head of the university Stanford will
continue to develop along the lines of
highest and most practical endeavor.
In placing the Presidential mantle

upon the shoulders of Doctor John

Casper Brainier,
the trustees
selected one of the

ablest of American scholars, recog
nized as the leader among the world's
geologists; a successful teacher and a
man who has the reverence of every
student who has ever come into con
tact with him. He has been the inti
mate friend of Doctor Jordan for for
ty-three years, his academic colleague
for twenty-nine years, and as vice
president of the university for a de
cade and a half, his closest adminis
trative associate. President Brannsr,
therefore, undertakes his new duties
with ripe experience and intimate ac

quaintance with the needs of the uni
versity. *
President Branner's standing in the
university and scientific world points
to him as the logical man to fill the
position of Stanford's chief executive.
The fleld of geology alone has not
usurped the new president's attention.
In addition to his scientific pursuits
he has ventured into the general fleld
of higher education. He is a student
of the world, capable of bringing into
fruitful effort the experiences of his
eventful career as an educator and
scholar so that as the administrative
head of the university Stanford will
continue to develop along the lines of
highest and most practical endeavor.
In placing the Presidential mantle

upon the shoulders of Doctor John

Casper Brainier,
the trustees
selected one of the

ablest of American scholars, recog
nized as the leader among the world's
geologists; a successful teacher and a
man who has the reverence of every
student who has ever come into con
tact with him. He has been the inti
mate friend of Doctor Jordan for for
ty-three years, his academic colleague
for twenty-nine years, and as vice
president of the university for a de
cade and a half, his closest adminis
trative associate. President Brannsr,
therefore, undertakes his new duties
with ripe experience and intimate ac

quaintance with the needs of the uni
versity. *
President Branner's standing in the
university and scientific world points
to him as the logical man to fill the
position of Stanford's chief executive.
The fleld of geology alone has not
usurped the new president's attention.
In addition to his scientific pursuits
he has ventured into the general fleld
of higher education. He is a student
of the world, capable of bringing into
fruitful effort the experiences of his
eventful career as an educator and
scholar so that as the administrative
head of the university Stanford will
continue to develop along the lines of
highest and most practical endeavor.
In placing the Presidential mantle

upon the shoulders of Doctor John

Casper Brainier,
the trustees
selected one of the

ablest of American scholars, recog
nized as the leader among the world's
geologists; a successful teacher and a
man who has the reverence of every
student who has ever come into con
tact with him. He has been the inti
mate friend of Doctor Jordan for for
ty-three years, his academic colleague
for twenty-nine years, and as vice
president of the university for a de
cade and a half, his closest adminis
trative associate. President Brannsr,
therefore, undertakes his new duties
with ripe experience and intimate ac

quaintance with the needs of the uni
versity. *
President Branner's standing in the
university and scientific world points
to him as the logical man to fill the
position of Stanford's chief executive.
The fleld of geology alone has not
usurped the new president's attention.
In addition to his scientific pursuits
he has ventured into the general fleld
of higher education. He is a student
of the world, capable of bringing into
fruitful effort the experiences of his
eventful career as an educator and
scholar so that as the administrative
head of the university Stanford will
continue to develop along the lines of
highest and most practical endeavor.
In placing the Presidential mantle

upon the shoulders of Doctor John

Casper Brainier,
the trustees
selected one of the

ablest of American scholars, recog
nized as the leader among the world's
geologists; a successful teacher and a
man who has the reverence of every
student who has ever come into con
tact with him. He has been the inti
mate friend of Doctor Jordan for for
ty-three years, his academic colleague
for twenty-nine years, and as vice
president of the university for a de
cade and a half, his closest adminis
trative associate. President Brannsr,
therefore, undertakes his new duties
with ripe experience and intimate ac

quaintance with the needs of the uni
versity. *
President Branner's standing in the
university and scientific world points
to him as the logical man to fill the
position of Stanford's chief executive.
The fleld of geology alone has not
usurped the new president's attention.
In addition to his scientific pursuits
he has ventured into the general fleld
of higher education. He is a student
of the world, capable of bringing into
fruitful effort the experiences of his
eventful career as an educator and
scholar so that as the administrative
head of the university Stanford will
continue to develop along the lines of
highest and most practical endeavor.
In placing the Presidential mantle

upon the shoulders of Doctor John

Casper Brainier,
the trustees
selected one of the

ablest of American scholars, recog
nized as the leader among the world's
geologists; a successful teacher and a
man who has the reverence of every
student who has ever come into con
tact with him. He has been the inti
mate friend of Doctor Jordan for for
ty-three years, his academic colleague
for twenty-nine years, and as vice
president of the university for a de
cade and a half, his closest adminis
trative associate. President Brannsr,
therefore, undertakes his new duties
with ripe experience and intimate ac

quaintance with the needs of the uni
versity. *
President Branner's standing in the
university and scientific world points
to him as the logical man to fill the
position of Stanford's chief executive.
The fleld of geology alone has not
usurped the new president's attention.
In addition to his scientific pursuits
he has ventured into the general fleld
of higher education. He is a student
of the world, capable of bringing into
fruitful effort the experiences of his
eventful career as an educator and
scholar so that as the administrative
head of the university Stanford will
continue to develop along the lines of
highest and most practical endeavor.
In placing the Presidential mantle

upon the shoulders of Doctor John

Casper Brainier,
the trustees
selected one of the

ablest of American scholars, recog
nized as the leader among the world's
geologists; a successful teacher and a
man who has the reverence of every
student who has ever come into con
tact with him. He has been the inti
mate friend of Doctor Jordan for for
ty-three years, his academic colleague
for twenty-nine years, and as vice
president of the university for a de
cade and a half, his closest adminis
trative associate. President Brannsr,
therefore, undertakes his new duties
with ripe experience and intimate ac

quaintance with the needs of the uni
versity. *
President Branner's standing in the
university and scientific world points
to him as the logical man to fill the
position of Stanford's chief executive.
The fleld of geology alone has not
usurped the new president's attention.
In addition to his scientific pursuits
he has ventured into the general fleld
of higher education. He is a student
of the world, capable of bringing into
fruitful effort the experiences of his
eventful career as an educator and
scholar so that as the administrative
head of the university Stanford will
continue to develop along the lines of
highest and most practical endeavor.
In placing the Presidential mantle

upon the shoulders of Doctor John

Casper Brainier,
the trustees
selected one of the

ablest of American scholars, recog
nized as the leader among the world's
geologists; a successful teacher and a
man who has the reverence of every
student who has ever come into con
tact with him. He has been the inti
mate friend of Doctor Jordan for for
ty-three years, his academic colleague
for twenty-nine years, and as vice
president of the university for a de
cade and a half, his closest adminis
trative associate. President Brannsr,
therefore, undertakes his new duties
with ripe experience and intimate ac

quaintance with the needs of the uni
versity. *
President Branner's standing in the
university and scientific world points
to him as the logical man to fill the
position of Stanford's chief executive.
The fleld of geology alone has not
usurped the new president's attention.
In addition to his scientific pursuits
he has ventured into the general fleld
of higher education. He is a student
of the world, capable of bringing into
fruitful effort the experiences of his
eventful career as an educator and
scholar so that as the administrative
head of the university Stanford will
continue to develop along the lines of
highest and most practical endeavor.
In placing the Presidential mantle

upon the shoulders of Doctor John

Casper Brainier,
the trustees
selected one of the

ablest of American scholars, recog
nized as the leader among the world's
geologists; a successful teacher and a
man who has the reverence of every
student who has ever come into con
tact with him. He has been the inti
mate friend of Doctor Jordan for for
ty-three years, his academic colleague
for twenty-nine years, and as vice
president of the university for a de
cade and a half, his closest adminis
trative associate. President Brannsr,
therefore, undertakes his new duties
with ripe experience and intimate ac

quaintance with the needs of the uni
versity. *
President Branner's standing in the
university and scientific world points
to him as the logical man to fill the
position of Stanford's chief executive.
The fleld of geology alone has not
usurped the new president's attention.
In addition to his scientific pursuits
he has ventured into the general fleld
of higher education. He is a student
of the world, capable of bringing into
fruitful effort the experiences of his
eventful career as an educator and
scholar so that as the administrative
head of the university Stanford will
continue to develop along the lines of
highest and most practical endeavor.
In placing the Presidential mantle

upon the shoulders of Doctor John

Casper Brainier,
the trustees
selected one of the

ablest of American scholars, recog
nized as the leader among the world's
geologists; a successful teacher and a
man who has the reverence of every
student who has ever come into con
tact with him. He has been the inti
mate friend of Doctor Jordan for for
ty-three years, his academic colleague
for twenty-nine years, and as vice
president of the university for a de
cade and a half, his closest adminis
trative associate. President Brannsr,
therefore, undertakes his new duties
with ripe experience and intimate ac

quaintance with the needs of the uni
versity. *
President Branner's standing in the
university and scientific world points
to him as the logical man to fill the
position of Stanford's chief executive.
The fleld of geology alone has not
usurped the new president's attention.
In addition to his scientific pursuits
he has ventured into the general fleld
of higher education. He is a student
of the world, capable of bringing into
fruitful effort the experiences of his
eventful career as an educator and
scholar so that as the administrative
head of the university Stanford will
continue to develop along the lines of
highest and most practical endeavor.
In placing the Presidential mantle

upon the shoulders of Doctor John

Casper Brainier,
the trustees
selected one of the

ablest of American scholars, recog
nized as the leader among the world's
geologists; a successful teacher and a
man who has the reverence of every
student who has ever come into con
tact with him. He has been the inti
mate friend of Doctor Jordan for for
ty-three years, his academic colleague
for twenty-nine years, and as vice
president of the university for a de
cade and a half, his closest adminis
trative associate. President Brannsr,
therefore, undertakes his new duties
with ripe experience and intimate ac

quaintance with the needs of the uni
versity. *
President Branner's standing in the
university and scientific world points
to him as the logical man to fill the
position of Stanford's chief executive.
The fleld of geology alone has not
usurped the new president's attention.
In addition to his scientific pursuits
he has ventured into the general fleld
of higher education. He is a student
of the world, capable of bringing into
fruitful effort the experiences of his
eventful career as an educator and
scholar so that as the administrative
head of the university Stanford will
continue to develop along the lines of
highest and most practical endeavor.
In placing the Presidential mantle

upon the shoulders of Doctor John

Casper Brainier,
the trustees
selected one of the

ablest of American scholars, recog
nized as the leader among the world's
geologists; a successful teacher and a
man who has the reverence of every
student who has ever come into con
tact with him. He has been the inti
mate friend of Doctor Jordan for for
ty-three years, his academic colleague
for twenty-nine years, and as vice
president of the university for a de
cade and a half, his closest adminis
trative associate. President Brannsr,
therefore, undertakes his new duties
with ripe experience and intimate ac

quaintance with the needs of the uni
versity. *
President Branner's standing in the
university and scientific world points
to him as the logical man to fill the
position of Stanford's chief executive.
The fleld of geology alone has not
usurped the new president's attention.
In addition to his scientific pursuits
he has ventured into the general fleld
of higher education. He is a student
of the world, capable of bringing into
fruitful effort the experiences of his
eventful career as an educator and
scholar so that as the administrative
head of the university Stanford will
continue to develop along the lines of
highest and most practical endeavor.
