# Stanford Medical Graduates Are Chosen Prison Physicians
## 
### 
Dr. L. L. Stanley and Dr. Francis
Stolle, both graduates of The Stan
ford Medical School, have been ap
pointed as state prison physician and
assistant respectively at San Quen
tin prison. Stanley is the youngest
physician ever appointed to 4he post
which he now holds. He has been r.s
sistant heretofore. Stolle received
his medical degree last May.
Dr. L. L. Stanley and Dr. Francis
Stolle, both graduates of The Stan
ford Medical School, have been ap
pointed as state prison physician and
assistant respectively at San Quen
tin prison. Stanley is the youngest
physician ever appointed to 4he post
which he now holds. He has been r.s
sistant heretofore. Stolle received
his medical degree last May.
Dr. L. L. Stanley and Dr. Francis
Stolle, both graduates of The Stan
ford Medical School, have been ap
pointed as state prison physician and
assistant respectively at San Quen
tin prison. Stanley is the youngest
physician ever appointed to 4he post
which he now holds. He has been r.s
sistant heretofore. Stolle received
his medical degree last May.
Dr. L. L. Stanley and Dr. Francis
Stolle, both graduates of The Stan
ford Medical School, have been ap
pointed as state prison physician and
assistant respectively at San Quen
tin prison. Stanley is the youngest
physician ever appointed to 4he post
which he now holds. He has been r.s
sistant heretofore. Stolle received
his medical degree last May.
Dr. L. L. Stanley and Dr. Francis
Stolle, both graduates of The Stan
ford Medical School, have been ap
pointed as state prison physician and
assistant respectively at San Quen
tin prison. Stanley is the youngest
physician ever appointed to 4he post
which he now holds. He has been r.s
sistant heretofore. Stolle received
his medical degree last May.
Dr. L. L. Stanley and Dr. Francis
Stolle, both graduates of The Stan
ford Medical School, have been ap
pointed as state prison physician and
assistant respectively at San Quen
tin prison. Stanley is the youngest
physician ever appointed to 4he post
which he now holds. He has been r.s
sistant heretofore. Stolle received
his medical degree last May.
Dr. L. L. Stanley and Dr. Francis
Stolle, both graduates of The Stan
ford Medical School, have been ap
pointed as state prison physician and
assistant respectively at San Quen
tin prison. Stanley is the youngest
physician ever appointed to 4he post
which he now holds. He has been r.s
sistant heretofore. Stolle received
his medical degree last May.
Dr. L. L. Stanley and Dr. Francis
Stolle, both graduates of The Stan
ford Medical School, have been ap
pointed as state prison physician and
assistant respectively at San Quen
tin prison. Stanley is the youngest
physician ever appointed to 4he post
which he now holds. He has been r.s
sistant heretofore. Stolle received
his medical degree last May.
Dr. L. L. Stanley and Dr. Francis
Stolle, both graduates of The Stan
ford Medical School, have been ap
pointed as state prison physician and
assistant respectively at San Quen
tin prison. Stanley is the youngest
physician ever appointed to 4he post
which he now holds. He has been r.s
sistant heretofore. Stolle received
his medical degree last May.
Dr. L. L. Stanley and Dr. Francis
Stolle, both graduates of The Stan
ford Medical School, have been ap
pointed as state prison physician and
assistant respectively at San Quen
tin prison. Stanley is the youngest
physician ever appointed to 4he post
which he now holds. He has been r.s
sistant heretofore. Stolle received
his medical degree last May.
Dr. L. L. Stanley and Dr. Francis
Stolle, both graduates of The Stan
ford Medical School, have been ap
pointed as state prison physician and
assistant respectively at San Quen
tin prison. Stanley is the youngest
physician ever appointed to 4he post
which he now holds. He has been r.s
sistant heretofore. Stolle received
his medical degree last May.
Dr. L. L. Stanley and Dr. Francis
Stolle, both graduates of The Stan
ford Medical School, have been ap
pointed as state prison physician and
assistant respectively at San Quen
tin prison. Stanley is the youngest
physician ever appointed to 4he post
which he now holds. He has been r.s
sistant heretofore. Stolle received
his medical degree last May.
Dr. L. L. Stanley and Dr. Francis
Stolle, both graduates of The Stan
ford Medical School, have been ap
pointed as state prison physician and
assistant respectively at San Quen
tin prison. Stanley is the youngest
physician ever appointed to 4he post
which he now holds. He has been r.s
sistant heretofore. Stolle received
his medical degree last May.
