# Adv. 6 Page 3
## 
### 
UJSA presents
Yacov Dan
woilrl famous Israeli
entertainer on a musical
voyage from Israel to the
United States
Sat. May 1 -
Tres. 270 - 8 PM
(free)
UJSA presents
Yacov Dan
woilrl famous Israeli
entertainer on a musical
voyage from Israel to the
United States
Sat. May 1 -
Tres. 270 - 8 PM
(free)
UJSA presents
Yacov Dan
woilrl famous Israeli
entertainer on a musical
voyage from Israel to the
United States
Sat. May 1 -
Tres. 270 - 8 PM
(free)
UJSA presents
Yacov Dan
woilrl famous Israeli
entertainer on a musical
voyage from Israel to the
United States
Sat. May 1 -
Tres. 270 - 8 PM
(free)
UJSA presents
Yacov Dan
woilrl famous Israeli
entertainer on a musical
voyage from Israel to the
United States
Sat. May 1 -
Tres. 270 - 8 PM
(free)
UJSA presents
Yacov Dan
woilrl famous Israeli
entertainer on a musical
voyage from Israel to the
United States
Sat. May 1 -
Tres. 270 - 8 PM
(free)
UJSA presents
Yacov Dan
woilrl famous Israeli
entertainer on a musical
voyage from Israel to the
United States
Sat. May 1 -
Tres. 270 - 8 PM
(free)
UJSA presents
Yacov Dan
woilrl famous Israeli
entertainer on a musical
voyage from Israel to the
United States
Sat. May 1 -
Tres. 270 - 8 PM
(free)
UJSA presents
Yacov Dan
woilrl famous Israeli
entertainer on a musical
voyage from Israel to the
United States
Sat. May 1 -
Tres. 270 - 8 PM
(free)
UJSA presents
Yacov Dan
woilrl famous Israeli
entertainer on a musical
voyage from Israel to the
United States
Sat. May 1 -
Tres. 270 - 8 PM
(free)
UJSA presents
Yacov Dan
woilrl famous Israeli
entertainer on a musical
voyage from Israel to the
United States
Sat. May 1 -
Tres. 270 - 8 PM
(free)
UJSA presents
Yacov Dan
woilrl famous Israeli
entertainer on a musical
voyage from Israel to the
United States
Sat. May 1 -
Tres. 270 - 8 PM
(free)
UJSA presents
Yacov Dan
woilrl famous Israeli
entertainer on a musical
voyage from Israel to the
United States
Sat. May 1 -
Tres. 270 - 8 PM
(free)
UJSA presents
Yacov Dan
woilrl famous Israeli
entertainer on a musical
voyage from Israel to the
United States
Sat. May 1 -
Tres. 270 - 8 PM
(free)
