# Untitled Article
## 
### 
He built the rail-pile as he
built the state,
Pourin his splendid strength
through every blow,
The conscience of him testing
every stroke,
To make his deed the measure
of a man.
—T}dwin Markliam on Lincoln.
He built the rail-pile as he
built the state,
Pourin his splendid strength
through every blow,
The conscience of him testing
every stroke,
To make his deed the measure
of a man.
—T}dwin Markliam on Lincoln.
He built the rail-pile as he
built the state,
Pourin his splendid strength
through every blow,
The conscience of him testing
every stroke,
To make his deed the measure
of a man.
—T}dwin Markliam on Lincoln.
He built the rail-pile as he
built the state,
Pourin his splendid strength
through every blow,
The conscience of him testing
every stroke,
To make his deed the measure
of a man.
—T}dwin Markliam on Lincoln.
He built the rail-pile as he
built the state,
Pourin his splendid strength
through every blow,
The conscience of him testing
every stroke,
To make his deed the measure
of a man.
—T}dwin Markliam on Lincoln.
He built the rail-pile as he
built the state,
Pourin his splendid strength
through every blow,
The conscience of him testing
every stroke,
To make his deed the measure
of a man.
—T}dwin Markliam on Lincoln.
He built the rail-pile as he
built the state,
Pourin his splendid strength
through every blow,
The conscience of him testing
every stroke,
To make his deed the measure
of a man.
—T}dwin Markliam on Lincoln.
He built the rail-pile as he
built the state,
Pourin his splendid strength
through every blow,
The conscience of him testing
every stroke,
To make his deed the measure
of a man.
—T}dwin Markliam on Lincoln.
He built the rail-pile as he
built the state,
Pourin his splendid strength
through every blow,
The conscience of him testing
every stroke,
To make his deed the measure
of a man.
—T}dwin Markliam on Lincoln.
He built the rail-pile as he
built the state,
Pourin his splendid strength
through every blow,
The conscience of him testing
every stroke,
To make his deed the measure
of a man.
—T}dwin Markliam on Lincoln.
He built the rail-pile as he
built the state,
Pourin his splendid strength
through every blow,
The conscience of him testing
every stroke,
To make his deed the measure
of a man.
—T}dwin Markliam on Lincoln.
He built the rail-pile as he
built the state,
Pourin his splendid strength
through every blow,
The conscience of him testing
every stroke,
To make his deed the measure
of a man.
—T}dwin Markliam on Lincoln.
He built the rail-pile as he
built the state,
Pourin his splendid strength
through every blow,
The conscience of him testing
every stroke,
To make his deed the measure
of a man.
—T}dwin Markliam on Lincoln.
