# Adv. 4 Page 2
## 
### 
I SWEATERS AND
KNIT DRESSES
Washed, blocked and finished
Quality hand work
Also sleeves reversed to double
sweater life
I SWEATERS AND
KNIT DRESSES
Washed, blocked and finished
Quality hand work
Also sleeves reversed to double
sweater life
I SWEATERS AND
KNIT DRESSES
Washed, blocked and finished
Quality hand work
Also sleeves reversed to double
sweater life
I SWEATERS AND
KNIT DRESSES
Washed, blocked and finished
Quality hand work
Also sleeves reversed to double
sweater life
I SWEATERS AND
KNIT DRESSES
Washed, blocked and finished
Quality hand work
Also sleeves reversed to double
sweater life
I SWEATERS AND
KNIT DRESSES
Washed, blocked and finished
Quality hand work
Also sleeves reversed to double
sweater life
I SWEATERS AND
KNIT DRESSES
Washed, blocked and finished
Quality hand work
Also sleeves reversed to double
sweater life
I SWEATERS AND
KNIT DRESSES
Washed, blocked and finished
Quality hand work
Also sleeves reversed to double
sweater life
I SWEATERS AND
KNIT DRESSES
Washed, blocked and finished
Quality hand work
Also sleeves reversed to double
sweater life
I SWEATERS AND
KNIT DRESSES
Washed, blocked and finished
Quality hand work
Also sleeves reversed to double
sweater life
I SWEATERS AND
KNIT DRESSES
Washed, blocked and finished
Quality hand work
Also sleeves reversed to double
sweater life
I SWEATERS AND
KNIT DRESSES
Washed, blocked and finished
Quality hand work
Also sleeves reversed to double
sweater life
I SWEATERS AND
KNIT DRESSES
Washed, blocked and finished
Quality hand work
Also sleeves reversed to double
sweater life
I SWEATERS AND
KNIT DRESSES
Washed, blocked and finished
Quality hand work
Also sleeves reversed to double
sweater life
I SWEATERS AND
KNIT DRESSES
Washed, blocked and finished
Quality hand work
Also sleeves reversed to double
sweater life
I SWEATERS AND
KNIT DRESSES
Washed, blocked and finished
Quality hand work
Also sleeves reversed to double
sweater life
