# Netters Meet Bruins, Troy
## 
### 
Coach Bob Renker's netmen have
a full schedule tiiis weekend. To
day they go up against UCLA, and
Saturday they meet USC. lioth
matches start at 1 on the varsity
courts.
The Indians' lineup will be Char
lie Hickox, Bob Sibert, Tom Lewyn,
Art Fish, Gary Gray, and Jim Cor
nish. The doubles pairings are Si
bert & Fish, Hickox & Gray, and
Lewyn & Cornish.
The Bruins, 1951 PCC champions,
are no doubt the best collegiate ag
gregation in the country today.
Leading ofi for thein is Bob Perry,
the top junior in the nation last
year and a very highly touted play
er. Behind him is a strong and
well-balanced team.
The Trojans, 1951 National In
tercollegiate champions, are also
tough. Topping their lineup is Hugh
Stewart, Intercollegiate Doubles
champ.
Coach Bob Renker's netmen have
a full schedule tiiis weekend. To
day they go up against UCLA, and
Saturday they meet USC. lioth
matches start at 1 on the varsity
courts.
The Indians' lineup will be Char
lie Hickox, Bob Sibert, Tom Lewyn,
Art Fish, Gary Gray, and Jim Cor
nish. The doubles pairings are Si
bert & Fish, Hickox & Gray, and
Lewyn & Cornish.
The Bruins, 1951 PCC champions,
are no doubt the best collegiate ag
gregation in the country today.
Leading ofi for thein is Bob Perry,
the top junior in the nation last
year and a very highly touted play
er. Behind him is a strong and
well-balanced team.
The Trojans, 1951 National In
tercollegiate champions, are also
tough. Topping their lineup is Hugh
Stewart, Intercollegiate Doubles
champ.
Coach Bob Renker's netmen have
a full schedule tiiis weekend. To
day they go up against UCLA, and
Saturday they meet USC. lioth
matches start at 1 on the varsity
courts.
The Indians' lineup will be Char
lie Hickox, Bob Sibert, Tom Lewyn,
Art Fish, Gary Gray, and Jim Cor
nish. The doubles pairings are Si
bert & Fish, Hickox & Gray, and
Lewyn & Cornish.
The Bruins, 1951 PCC champions,
are no doubt the best collegiate ag
gregation in the country today.
Leading ofi for thein is Bob Perry,
the top junior in the nation last
year and a very highly touted play
er. Behind him is a strong and
well-balanced team.
The Trojans, 1951 National In
tercollegiate champions, are also
tough. Topping their lineup is Hugh
Stewart, Intercollegiate Doubles
champ.
Coach Bob Renker's netmen have
a full schedule tiiis weekend. To
day they go up against UCLA, and
Saturday they meet USC. lioth
matches start at 1 on the varsity
courts.
The Indians' lineup will be Char
lie Hickox, Bob Sibert, Tom Lewyn,
Art Fish, Gary Gray, and Jim Cor
nish. The doubles pairings are Si
bert & Fish, Hickox & Gray, and
Lewyn & Cornish.
The Bruins, 1951 PCC champions,
are no doubt the best collegiate ag
gregation in the country today.
Leading ofi for thein is Bob Perry,
the top junior in the nation last
year and a very highly touted play
er. Behind him is a strong and
well-balanced team.
The Trojans, 1951 National In
tercollegiate champions, are also
tough. Topping their lineup is Hugh
Stewart, Intercollegiate Doubles
champ.
Coach Bob Renker's netmen have
a full schedule tiiis weekend. To
day they go up against UCLA, and
Saturday they meet USC. lioth
matches start at 1 on the varsity
courts.
The Indians' lineup will be Char
lie Hickox, Bob Sibert, Tom Lewyn,
Art Fish, Gary Gray, and Jim Cor
nish. The doubles pairings are Si
bert & Fish, Hickox & Gray, and
Lewyn & Cornish.
The Bruins, 1951 PCC champions,
are no doubt the best collegiate ag
gregation in the country today.
Leading ofi for thein is Bob Perry,
the top junior in the nation last
year and a very highly touted play
er. Behind him is a strong and
well-balanced team.
The Trojans, 1951 National In
tercollegiate champions, are also
tough. Topping their lineup is Hugh
Stewart, Intercollegiate Doubles
champ.
Coach Bob Renker's netmen have
a full schedule tiiis weekend. To
day they go up against UCLA, and
Saturday they meet USC. lioth
matches start at 1 on the varsity
courts.
The Indians' lineup will be Char
lie Hickox, Bob Sibert, Tom Lewyn,
Art Fish, Gary Gray, and Jim Cor
nish. The doubles pairings are Si
bert & Fish, Hickox & Gray, and
Lewyn & Cornish.
The Bruins, 1951 PCC champions,
are no doubt the best collegiate ag
gregation in the country today.
Leading ofi for thein is Bob Perry,
the top junior in the nation last
year and a very highly touted play
er. Behind him is a strong and
well-balanced team.
The Trojans, 1951 National In
tercollegiate champions, are also
tough. Topping their lineup is Hugh
Stewart, Intercollegiate Doubles
champ.
Coach Bob Renker's netmen have
a full schedule tiiis weekend. To
day they go up against UCLA, and
Saturday they meet USC. lioth
matches start at 1 on the varsity
courts.
The Indians' lineup will be Char
lie Hickox, Bob Sibert, Tom Lewyn,
Art Fish, Gary Gray, and Jim Cor
nish. The doubles pairings are Si
bert & Fish, Hickox & Gray, and
Lewyn & Cornish.
The Bruins, 1951 PCC champions,
are no doubt the best collegiate ag
gregation in the country today.
Leading ofi for thein is Bob Perry,
the top junior in the nation last
year and a very highly touted play
er. Behind him is a strong and
well-balanced team.
The Trojans, 1951 National In
tercollegiate champions, are also
tough. Topping their lineup is Hugh
Stewart, Intercollegiate Doubles
champ.
Coach Bob Renker's netmen have
a full schedule tiiis weekend. To
day they go up against UCLA, and
Saturday they meet USC. lioth
matches start at 1 on the varsity
courts.
The Indians' lineup will be Char
lie Hickox, Bob Sibert, Tom Lewyn,
Art Fish, Gary Gray, and Jim Cor
nish. The doubles pairings are Si
bert & Fish, Hickox & Gray, and
Lewyn & Cornish.
The Bruins, 1951 PCC champions,
are no doubt the best collegiate ag
gregation in the country today.
Leading ofi for thein is Bob Perry,
the top junior in the nation last
year and a very highly touted play
er. Behind him is a strong and
well-balanced team.
The Trojans, 1951 National In
tercollegiate champions, are also
tough. Topping their lineup is Hugh
Stewart, Intercollegiate Doubles
champ.
Coach Bob Renker's netmen have
a full schedule tiiis weekend. To
day they go up against UCLA, and
Saturday they meet USC. lioth
matches start at 1 on the varsity
courts.
The Indians' lineup will be Char
lie Hickox, Bob Sibert, Tom Lewyn,
Art Fish, Gary Gray, and Jim Cor
nish. The doubles pairings are Si
bert & Fish, Hickox & Gray, and
Lewyn & Cornish.
The Bruins, 1951 PCC champions,
are no doubt the best collegiate ag
gregation in the country today.
Leading ofi for thein is Bob Perry,
the top junior in the nation last
year and a very highly touted play
er. Behind him is a strong and
well-balanced team.
The Trojans, 1951 National In
tercollegiate champions, are also
tough. Topping their lineup is Hugh
Stewart, Intercollegiate Doubles
champ.
Coach Bob Renker's netmen have
a full schedule tiiis weekend. To
day they go up against UCLA, and
Saturday they meet USC. lioth
matches start at 1 on the varsity
courts.
The Indians' lineup will be Char
lie Hickox, Bob Sibert, Tom Lewyn,
Art Fish, Gary Gray, and Jim Cor
nish. The doubles pairings are Si
bert & Fish, Hickox & Gray, and
Lewyn & Cornish.
The Bruins, 1951 PCC champions,
are no doubt the best collegiate ag
gregation in the country today.
Leading ofi for thein is Bob Perry,
the top junior in the nation last
year and a very highly touted play
er. Behind him is a strong and
well-balanced team.
The Trojans, 1951 National In
tercollegiate champions, are also
tough. Topping their lineup is Hugh
Stewart, Intercollegiate Doubles
champ.
Coach Bob Renker's netmen have
a full schedule tiiis weekend. To
day they go up against UCLA, and
Saturday they meet USC. lioth
matches start at 1 on the varsity
courts.
The Indians' lineup will be Char
lie Hickox, Bob Sibert, Tom Lewyn,
Art Fish, Gary Gray, and Jim Cor
nish. The doubles pairings are Si
bert & Fish, Hickox & Gray, and
Lewyn & Cornish.
The Bruins, 1951 PCC champions,
are no doubt the best collegiate ag
gregation in the country today.
Leading ofi for thein is Bob Perry,
the top junior in the nation last
year and a very highly touted play
er. Behind him is a strong and
well-balanced team.
The Trojans, 1951 National In
tercollegiate champions, are also
tough. Topping their lineup is Hugh
Stewart, Intercollegiate Doubles
champ.
Coach Bob Renker's netmen have
a full schedule tiiis weekend. To
day they go up against UCLA, and
Saturday they meet USC. lioth
matches start at 1 on the varsity
courts.
The Indians' lineup will be Char
lie Hickox, Bob Sibert, Tom Lewyn,
Art Fish, Gary Gray, and Jim Cor
nish. The doubles pairings are Si
bert & Fish, Hickox & Gray, and
Lewyn & Cornish.
The Bruins, 1951 PCC champions,
are no doubt the best collegiate ag
gregation in the country today.
Leading ofi for thein is Bob Perry,
the top junior in the nation last
year and a very highly touted play
er. Behind him is a strong and
well-balanced team.
The Trojans, 1951 National In
tercollegiate champions, are also
tough. Topping their lineup is Hugh
Stewart, Intercollegiate Doubles
champ.
Coach Bob Renker's netmen have
a full schedule tiiis weekend. To
day they go up against UCLA, and
Saturday they meet USC. lioth
matches start at 1 on the varsity
courts.
The Indians' lineup will be Char
lie Hickox, Bob Sibert, Tom Lewyn,
Art Fish, Gary Gray, and Jim Cor
nish. The doubles pairings are Si
bert & Fish, Hickox & Gray, and
Lewyn & Cornish.
The Bruins, 1951 PCC champions,
are no doubt the best collegiate ag
gregation in the country today.
Leading ofi for thein is Bob Perry,
the top junior in the nation last
year and a very highly touted play
er. Behind him is a strong and
well-balanced team.
The Trojans, 1951 National In
tercollegiate champions, are also
tough. Topping their lineup is Hugh
Stewart, Intercollegiate Doubles
champ.
Coach Bob Renker's netmen have
a full schedule tiiis weekend. To
day they go up against UCLA, and
Saturday they meet USC. lioth
matches start at 1 on the varsity
courts.
The Indians' lineup will be Char
lie Hickox, Bob Sibert, Tom Lewyn,
Art Fish, Gary Gray, and Jim Cor
nish. The doubles pairings are Si
bert & Fish, Hickox & Gray, and
Lewyn & Cornish.
The Bruins, 1951 PCC champions,
are no doubt the best collegiate ag
gregation in the country today.
Leading ofi for thein is Bob Perry,
the top junior in the nation last
year and a very highly touted play
er. Behind him is a strong and
well-balanced team.
The Trojans, 1951 National In
tercollegiate champions, are also
tough. Topping their lineup is Hugh
Stewart, Intercollegiate Doubles
champ.
Coach Bob Renker's netmen have
a full schedule tiiis weekend. To
day they go up against UCLA, and
Saturday they meet USC. lioth
matches start at 1 on the varsity
courts.
The Indians' lineup will be Char
lie Hickox, Bob Sibert, Tom Lewyn,
Art Fish, Gary Gray, and Jim Cor
nish. The doubles pairings are Si
bert & Fish, Hickox & Gray, and
Lewyn & Cornish.
The Bruins, 1951 PCC champions,
are no doubt the best collegiate ag
gregation in the country today.
Leading ofi for thein is Bob Perry,
the top junior in the nation last
year and a very highly touted play
er. Behind him is a strong and
well-balanced team.
The Trojans, 1951 National In
tercollegiate champions, are also
tough. Topping their lineup is Hugh
Stewart, Intercollegiate Doubles
champ.
Coach Bob Renker's netmen have
a full schedule tiiis weekend. To
day they go up against UCLA, and
Saturday they meet USC. lioth
matches start at 1 on the varsity
courts.
The Indians' lineup will be Char
lie Hickox, Bob Sibert, Tom Lewyn,
Art Fish, Gary Gray, and Jim Cor
nish. The doubles pairings are Si
bert & Fish, Hickox & Gray, and
Lewyn & Cornish.
The Bruins, 1951 PCC champions,
are no doubt the best collegiate ag
gregation in the country today.
Leading ofi for thein is Bob Perry,
the top junior in the nation last
year and a very highly touted play
er. Behind him is a strong and
well-balanced team.
The Trojans, 1951 National In
tercollegiate champions, are also
tough. Topping their lineup is Hugh
Stewart, Intercollegiate Doubles
champ.
