# ARC member gets phone bomb threat
## 
### 
A bomb threat was phoned in last
night to a member of the Alliance
for Radical Change (ARC), one of
the groups that organized the
anti-Marine protest rally last Tues
day at the Career Planning and
Placement Center.
The call, directed at Pete Salovey
of Burbank House, was taken by his
roommate, Rick Rolfes at about 6:41
p.m.
Rolfes said the caller told him a
bomb was set to go off "in about 10
minutes."
According to Rolfes, the caller
then said "We want to get your rad

ical roommate."
Rolfes then notified police, who
evacuated the building until the
room could be searched. Nothing
was found.
Salovey, a freshman, was said to
be involved in the ARC sponsored
rally last Tuesday, and allegedly
helped organize it.
The caller, according to Rofles,
was "calling from a public place,
since there were lots of background
voices, and the sound of utensils,
like in a kitchen."
Police, after taking the pre
cautionary steps, listed the call as a
"probable prank."
