# AWS Treasurers Hold First Meeting
## 
### 
Treasurers of all women's living
groups will meet this afternoon at
5 in the lower lounge of the Wom
en's Clubhouse as part of the new
AWS orientation program, accord
ing to Sally Foote, AWS treasurer.
This is the first in a series of
meetings between the officers of
AWS anil the officers of the living
groups in order to clarify the re
spective jobs. Dates of the other
meetings will be announced later.
Treasurers of all women's living
groups will meet this afternoon at
5 in the lower lounge of the Wom
en's Clubhouse as part of the new
AWS orientation program, accord
ing to Sally Foote, AWS treasurer.
This is the first in a series of
meetings between the officers of
AWS anil the officers of the living
groups in order to clarify the re
spective jobs. Dates of the other
meetings will be announced later.
Treasurers of all women's living
groups will meet this afternoon at
5 in the lower lounge of the Wom
en's Clubhouse as part of the new
AWS orientation program, accord
ing to Sally Foote, AWS treasurer.
This is the first in a series of
meetings between the officers of
AWS anil the officers of the living
groups in order to clarify the re
spective jobs. Dates of the other
meetings will be announced later.
Treasurers of all women's living
groups will meet this afternoon at
5 in the lower lounge of the Wom
en's Clubhouse as part of the new
AWS orientation program, accord
ing to Sally Foote, AWS treasurer.
This is the first in a series of
meetings between the officers of
AWS anil the officers of the living
groups in order to clarify the re
spective jobs. Dates of the other
meetings will be announced later.
Treasurers of all women's living
groups will meet this afternoon at
5 in the lower lounge of the Wom
en's Clubhouse as part of the new
AWS orientation program, accord
ing to Sally Foote, AWS treasurer.
This is the first in a series of
meetings between the officers of
AWS anil the officers of the living
groups in order to clarify the re
spective jobs. Dates of the other
meetings will be announced later.
Treasurers of all women's living
groups will meet this afternoon at
5 in the lower lounge of the Wom
en's Clubhouse as part of the new
AWS orientation program, accord
ing to Sally Foote, AWS treasurer.
This is the first in a series of
meetings between the officers of
AWS anil the officers of the living
groups in order to clarify the re
spective jobs. Dates of the other
meetings will be announced later.
Treasurers of all women's living
groups will meet this afternoon at
5 in the lower lounge of the Wom
en's Clubhouse as part of the new
AWS orientation program, accord
ing to Sally Foote, AWS treasurer.
This is the first in a series of
meetings between the officers of
AWS anil the officers of the living
groups in order to clarify the re
spective jobs. Dates of the other
meetings will be announced later.
Treasurers of all women's living
groups will meet this afternoon at
5 in the lower lounge of the Wom
en's Clubhouse as part of the new
AWS orientation program, accord
ing to Sally Foote, AWS treasurer.
This is the first in a series of
meetings between the officers of
AWS anil the officers of the living
groups in order to clarify the re
spective jobs. Dates of the other
meetings will be announced later.
Treasurers of all women's living
groups will meet this afternoon at
5 in the lower lounge of the Wom
en's Clubhouse as part of the new
AWS orientation program, accord
ing to Sally Foote, AWS treasurer.
This is the first in a series of
meetings between the officers of
AWS anil the officers of the living
groups in order to clarify the re
spective jobs. Dates of the other
meetings will be announced later.
Treasurers of all women's living
groups will meet this afternoon at
5 in the lower lounge of the Wom
en's Clubhouse as part of the new
AWS orientation program, accord
ing to Sally Foote, AWS treasurer.
This is the first in a series of
meetings between the officers of
AWS anil the officers of the living
groups in order to clarify the re
spective jobs. Dates of the other
meetings will be announced later.
Treasurers of all women's living
groups will meet this afternoon at
5 in the lower lounge of the Wom
en's Clubhouse as part of the new
AWS orientation program, accord
ing to Sally Foote, AWS treasurer.
This is the first in a series of
meetings between the officers of
AWS anil the officers of the living
groups in order to clarify the re
spective jobs. Dates of the other
meetings will be announced later.
Treasurers of all women's living
groups will meet this afternoon at
5 in the lower lounge of the Wom
en's Clubhouse as part of the new
AWS orientation program, accord
ing to Sally Foote, AWS treasurer.
This is the first in a series of
meetings between the officers of
AWS anil the officers of the living
groups in order to clarify the re
spective jobs. Dates of the other
meetings will be announced later.
Treasurers of all women's living
groups will meet this afternoon at
5 in the lower lounge of the Wom
en's Clubhouse as part of the new
AWS orientation program, accord
ing to Sally Foote, AWS treasurer.
This is the first in a series of
meetings between the officers of
AWS anil the officers of the living
groups in order to clarify the re
spective jobs. Dates of the other
meetings will be announced later.
Treasurers of all women's living
groups will meet this afternoon at
5 in the lower lounge of the Wom
en's Clubhouse as part of the new
AWS orientation program, accord
ing to Sally Foote, AWS treasurer.
This is the first in a series of
meetings between the officers of
AWS anil the officers of the living
groups in order to clarify the re
spective jobs. Dates of the other
meetings will be announced later.
Treasurers of all women's living
groups will meet this afternoon at
5 in the lower lounge of the Wom
en's Clubhouse as part of the new
AWS orientation program, accord
ing to Sally Foote, AWS treasurer.
This is the first in a series of
meetings between the officers of
AWS anil the officers of the living
groups in order to clarify the re
spective jobs. Dates of the other
meetings will be announced later.
Treasurers of all women's living
groups will meet this afternoon at
5 in the lower lounge of the Wom
en's Clubhouse as part of the new
AWS orientation program, accord
ing to Sally Foote, AWS treasurer.
This is the first in a series of
meetings between the officers of
AWS anil the officers of the living
groups in order to clarify the re
spective jobs. Dates of the other
meetings will be announced later.
