# Regulations for Quad Bulletin Boards Told
## 
### 
Starting tomorrow, all cards
posted on the Quad bulletin
boards which do not conform to
Cardinal regulations will he taken
down.
Notices on the Engineering and
History corner hoards must lie on
3x5-inch cards. Cards must he
dated, and notices to be left for
more than two weeks must be re
dated. Posters are to be tacked
only to the bottom edge of the
bulletin boards.
Starting tomorrow, all cards
posted on the Quad bulletin
boards which do not conform to
Cardinal regulations will he taken
down.
Notices on the Engineering and
History corner hoards must lie on
3x5-inch cards. Cards must he
dated, and notices to be left for
more than two weeks must be re
dated. Posters are to be tacked
only to the bottom edge of the
bulletin boards.
Starting tomorrow, all cards
posted on the Quad bulletin
boards which do not conform to
Cardinal regulations will he taken
down.
Notices on the Engineering and
History corner hoards must lie on
3x5-inch cards. Cards must he
dated, and notices to be left for
more than two weeks must be re
dated. Posters are to be tacked
only to the bottom edge of the
bulletin boards.
Starting tomorrow, all cards
posted on the Quad bulletin
boards which do not conform to
Cardinal regulations will he taken
down.
Notices on the Engineering and
History corner hoards must lie on
3x5-inch cards. Cards must he
dated, and notices to be left for
more than two weeks must be re
dated. Posters are to be tacked
only to the bottom edge of the
bulletin boards.
Starting tomorrow, all cards
posted on the Quad bulletin
boards which do not conform to
Cardinal regulations will he taken
down.
Notices on the Engineering and
History corner hoards must lie on
3x5-inch cards. Cards must he
dated, and notices to be left for
more than two weeks must be re
dated. Posters are to be tacked
only to the bottom edge of the
bulletin boards.
Starting tomorrow, all cards
posted on the Quad bulletin
boards which do not conform to
Cardinal regulations will he taken
down.
Notices on the Engineering and
History corner hoards must lie on
3x5-inch cards. Cards must he
dated, and notices to be left for
more than two weeks must be re
dated. Posters are to be tacked
only to the bottom edge of the
bulletin boards.
Starting tomorrow, all cards
posted on the Quad bulletin
boards which do not conform to
Cardinal regulations will he taken
down.
Notices on the Engineering and
History corner hoards must lie on
3x5-inch cards. Cards must he
dated, and notices to be left for
more than two weeks must be re
dated. Posters are to be tacked
only to the bottom edge of the
bulletin boards.
Starting tomorrow, all cards
posted on the Quad bulletin
boards which do not conform to
Cardinal regulations will he taken
down.
Notices on the Engineering and
History corner hoards must lie on
3x5-inch cards. Cards must he
dated, and notices to be left for
more than two weeks must be re
dated. Posters are to be tacked
only to the bottom edge of the
bulletin boards.
Starting tomorrow, all cards
posted on the Quad bulletin
boards which do not conform to
Cardinal regulations will he taken
down.
Notices on the Engineering and
History corner hoards must lie on
3x5-inch cards. Cards must he
dated, and notices to be left for
more than two weeks must be re
dated. Posters are to be tacked
only to the bottom edge of the
bulletin boards.
Starting tomorrow, all cards
posted on the Quad bulletin
boards which do not conform to
Cardinal regulations will he taken
down.
Notices on the Engineering and
History corner hoards must lie on
3x5-inch cards. Cards must he
dated, and notices to be left for
more than two weeks must be re
dated. Posters are to be tacked
only to the bottom edge of the
bulletin boards.
Starting tomorrow, all cards
posted on the Quad bulletin
boards which do not conform to
Cardinal regulations will he taken
down.
Notices on the Engineering and
History corner hoards must lie on
3x5-inch cards. Cards must he
dated, and notices to be left for
more than two weeks must be re
dated. Posters are to be tacked
only to the bottom edge of the
bulletin boards.
Starting tomorrow, all cards
posted on the Quad bulletin
boards which do not conform to
Cardinal regulations will he taken
down.
Notices on the Engineering and
History corner hoards must lie on
3x5-inch cards. Cards must he
dated, and notices to be left for
more than two weeks must be re
dated. Posters are to be tacked
only to the bottom edge of the
bulletin boards.
Starting tomorrow, all cards
posted on the Quad bulletin
boards which do not conform to
Cardinal regulations will he taken
down.
Notices on the Engineering and
History corner hoards must lie on
3x5-inch cards. Cards must he
dated, and notices to be left for
more than two weeks must be re
dated. Posters are to be tacked
only to the bottom edge of the
bulletin boards.
Starting tomorrow, all cards
posted on the Quad bulletin
boards which do not conform to
Cardinal regulations will he taken
down.
Notices on the Engineering and
History corner hoards must lie on
3x5-inch cards. Cards must he
dated, and notices to be left for
more than two weeks must be re
dated. Posters are to be tacked
only to the bottom edge of the
bulletin boards.
Starting tomorrow, all cards
posted on the Quad bulletin
boards which do not conform to
Cardinal regulations will he taken
down.
Notices on the Engineering and
History corner hoards must lie on
3x5-inch cards. Cards must he
dated, and notices to be left for
more than two weeks must be re
dated. Posters are to be tacked
only to the bottom edge of the
bulletin boards.
Starting tomorrow, all cards
posted on the Quad bulletin
boards which do not conform to
Cardinal regulations will he taken
down.
Notices on the Engineering and
History corner hoards must lie on
3x5-inch cards. Cards must he
dated, and notices to be left for
more than two weeks must be re
dated. Posters are to be tacked
only to the bottom edge of the
bulletin boards.
