# Boyd to Discuss 1970 Automobile
## 
### 
T. A. Boyd, consultant to the Gen
eral Motors Research Laboratories,
will be on campus next Monday to
speak on "Your 1970 Model — I'd
Like to Drive It."
The lecture, sponsored by the En
gineering Joint Council, will be of
fered at 3:15 p.m. in Cubberley Au
ditorium.
Boyd visited Stanford last May to
address a meeting of Tau Beta Pi
on the subject of the Kettering en
gine. He has received national ac
claim for his scientific accomplish
ments, particularly for his pioneer
work in the development of anti
knock fuel.
T. A. Boyd, consultant to the Gen
eral Motors Research Laboratories,
will be on campus next Monday to
speak on "Your 1970 Model — I'd
Like to Drive It."
The lecture, sponsored by the En
gineering Joint Council, will be of
fered at 3:15 p.m. in Cubberley Au
ditorium.
Boyd visited Stanford last May to
address a meeting of Tau Beta Pi
on the subject of the Kettering en
gine. He has received national ac
claim for his scientific accomplish
ments, particularly for his pioneer
work in the development of anti
knock fuel.
T. A. Boyd, consultant to the Gen
eral Motors Research Laboratories,
will be on campus next Monday to
speak on "Your 1970 Model — I'd
Like to Drive It."
The lecture, sponsored by the En
gineering Joint Council, will be of
fered at 3:15 p.m. in Cubberley Au
ditorium.
Boyd visited Stanford last May to
address a meeting of Tau Beta Pi
on the subject of the Kettering en
gine. He has received national ac
claim for his scientific accomplish
ments, particularly for his pioneer
work in the development of anti
knock fuel.
T. A. Boyd, consultant to the Gen
eral Motors Research Laboratories,
will be on campus next Monday to
speak on "Your 1970 Model — I'd
Like to Drive It."
The lecture, sponsored by the En
gineering Joint Council, will be of
fered at 3:15 p.m. in Cubberley Au
ditorium.
Boyd visited Stanford last May to
address a meeting of Tau Beta Pi
on the subject of the Kettering en
gine. He has received national ac
claim for his scientific accomplish
ments, particularly for his pioneer
work in the development of anti
knock fuel.
T. A. Boyd, consultant to the Gen
eral Motors Research Laboratories,
will be on campus next Monday to
speak on "Your 1970 Model — I'd
Like to Drive It."
The lecture, sponsored by the En
gineering Joint Council, will be of
fered at 3:15 p.m. in Cubberley Au
ditorium.
Boyd visited Stanford last May to
address a meeting of Tau Beta Pi
on the subject of the Kettering en
gine. He has received national ac
claim for his scientific accomplish
ments, particularly for his pioneer
work in the development of anti
knock fuel.
T. A. Boyd, consultant to the Gen
eral Motors Research Laboratories,
will be on campus next Monday to
speak on "Your 1970 Model — I'd
Like to Drive It."
The lecture, sponsored by the En
gineering Joint Council, will be of
fered at 3:15 p.m. in Cubberley Au
ditorium.
Boyd visited Stanford last May to
address a meeting of Tau Beta Pi
on the subject of the Kettering en
gine. He has received national ac
claim for his scientific accomplish
ments, particularly for his pioneer
work in the development of anti
knock fuel.
T. A. Boyd, consultant to the Gen
eral Motors Research Laboratories,
will be on campus next Monday to
speak on "Your 1970 Model — I'd
Like to Drive It."
The lecture, sponsored by the En
gineering Joint Council, will be of
fered at 3:15 p.m. in Cubberley Au
ditorium.
Boyd visited Stanford last May to
address a meeting of Tau Beta Pi
on the subject of the Kettering en
gine. He has received national ac
claim for his scientific accomplish
ments, particularly for his pioneer
work in the development of anti
knock fuel.
T. A. Boyd, consultant to the Gen
eral Motors Research Laboratories,
will be on campus next Monday to
speak on "Your 1970 Model — I'd
Like to Drive It."
The lecture, sponsored by the En
gineering Joint Council, will be of
fered at 3:15 p.m. in Cubberley Au
ditorium.
Boyd visited Stanford last May to
address a meeting of Tau Beta Pi
on the subject of the Kettering en
gine. He has received national ac
claim for his scientific accomplish
ments, particularly for his pioneer
work in the development of anti
knock fuel.
T. A. Boyd, consultant to the Gen
eral Motors Research Laboratories,
will be on campus next Monday to
speak on "Your 1970 Model — I'd
Like to Drive It."
The lecture, sponsored by the En
gineering Joint Council, will be of
fered at 3:15 p.m. in Cubberley Au
ditorium.
Boyd visited Stanford last May to
address a meeting of Tau Beta Pi
on the subject of the Kettering en
gine. He has received national ac
claim for his scientific accomplish
ments, particularly for his pioneer
work in the development of anti
knock fuel.
T. A. Boyd, consultant to the Gen
eral Motors Research Laboratories,
will be on campus next Monday to
speak on "Your 1970 Model — I'd
Like to Drive It."
The lecture, sponsored by the En
gineering Joint Council, will be of
fered at 3:15 p.m. in Cubberley Au
ditorium.
Boyd visited Stanford last May to
address a meeting of Tau Beta Pi
on the subject of the Kettering en
gine. He has received national ac
claim for his scientific accomplish
ments, particularly for his pioneer
work in the development of anti
knock fuel.
T. A. Boyd, consultant to the Gen
eral Motors Research Laboratories,
will be on campus next Monday to
speak on "Your 1970 Model — I'd
Like to Drive It."
The lecture, sponsored by the En
gineering Joint Council, will be of
fered at 3:15 p.m. in Cubberley Au
ditorium.
Boyd visited Stanford last May to
address a meeting of Tau Beta Pi
on the subject of the Kettering en
gine. He has received national ac
claim for his scientific accomplish
ments, particularly for his pioneer
work in the development of anti
knock fuel.
T. A. Boyd, consultant to the Gen
eral Motors Research Laboratories,
will be on campus next Monday to
speak on "Your 1970 Model — I'd
Like to Drive It."
The lecture, sponsored by the En
gineering Joint Council, will be of
fered at 3:15 p.m. in Cubberley Au
ditorium.
Boyd visited Stanford last May to
address a meeting of Tau Beta Pi
on the subject of the Kettering en
gine. He has received national ac
claim for his scientific accomplish
ments, particularly for his pioneer
work in the development of anti
knock fuel.
T. A. Boyd, consultant to the Gen
eral Motors Research Laboratories,
will be on campus next Monday to
speak on "Your 1970 Model — I'd
Like to Drive It."
The lecture, sponsored by the En
gineering Joint Council, will be of
fered at 3:15 p.m. in Cubberley Au
ditorium.
Boyd visited Stanford last May to
address a meeting of Tau Beta Pi
on the subject of the Kettering en
gine. He has received national ac
claim for his scientific accomplish
ments, particularly for his pioneer
work in the development of anti
knock fuel.
T. A. Boyd, consultant to the Gen
eral Motors Research Laboratories,
will be on campus next Monday to
speak on "Your 1970 Model — I'd
Like to Drive It."
The lecture, sponsored by the En
gineering Joint Council, will be of
fered at 3:15 p.m. in Cubberley Au
ditorium.
Boyd visited Stanford last May to
address a meeting of Tau Beta Pi
on the subject of the Kettering en
gine. He has received national ac
claim for his scientific accomplish
ments, particularly for his pioneer
work in the development of anti
knock fuel.
T. A. Boyd, consultant to the Gen
eral Motors Research Laboratories,
will be on campus next Monday to
speak on "Your 1970 Model — I'd
Like to Drive It."
The lecture, sponsored by the En
gineering Joint Council, will be of
fered at 3:15 p.m. in Cubberley Au
ditorium.
Boyd visited Stanford last May to
address a meeting of Tau Beta Pi
on the subject of the Kettering en
gine. He has received national ac
claim for his scientific accomplish
ments, particularly for his pioneer
work in the development of anti
knock fuel.
T. A. Boyd, consultant to the Gen
eral Motors Research Laboratories,
will be on campus next Monday to
speak on "Your 1970 Model — I'd
Like to Drive It."
The lecture, sponsored by the En
gineering Joint Council, will be of
fered at 3:15 p.m. in Cubberley Au
ditorium.
Boyd visited Stanford last May to
address a meeting of Tau Beta Pi
on the subject of the Kettering en
gine. He has received national ac
claim for his scientific accomplish
ments, particularly for his pioneer
work in the development of anti
knock fuel.
