# WEDNESDAY
## 
### 
Crumbling solidarity — Polish
workers in Gdansk ended a nine
day strike yesterday when they
marched back out of Lenin
Shipyards at sunset. Former
Solidarity leader Lech Walesa
headed the line of 400 strikers,
who left the protest site "con
vinced of the need and Tightness
of [their] protest." Page 3
Theatrical effects — Frank Lester
finds an obtuse production of
George Bernard Shaw's "Geneva"
more exciting for its artistic twists
than its lengthy plot turns. The
American premiere of this 1939
comedy runs this weekend
through May 21 at the Manhattan
Playhouse in Palo Alto. Page 9
Baseball crushes Gators — The
Cardinal nine pummeled S F State
by the score of 23 2 yesterday in
San Francisco Stanford second
baseman Frank Carey went 5-for-7
on the day with a triple, double
and three singles. Page 11
Crumbling solidarity — Polish
workers in Gdansk ended a nine
day strike yesterday when they
marched back out of Lenin
Shipyards at sunset. Former
Solidarity leader Lech Walesa
headed the line of 400 strikers,
who left the protest site "con
vinced of the need and Tightness
of [their] protest." Page 3
Theatrical effects — Frank Lester
finds an obtuse production of
George Bernard Shaw's "Geneva"
more exciting for its artistic twists
than its lengthy plot turns. The
American premiere of this 1939
comedy runs this weekend
through May 21 at the Manhattan
Playhouse in Palo Alto. Page 9
Baseball crushes Gators — The
Cardinal nine pummeled S F State
by the score of 23 2 yesterday in
San Francisco Stanford second
baseman Frank Carey went 5-for-7
on the day with a triple, double
and three singles. Page 11
Crumbling solidarity — Polish
workers in Gdansk ended a nine
day strike yesterday when they
marched back out of Lenin
Shipyards at sunset. Former
Solidarity leader Lech Walesa
headed the line of 400 strikers,
who left the protest site "con
vinced of the need and Tightness
of [their] protest." Page 3
Theatrical effects — Frank Lester
finds an obtuse production of
George Bernard Shaw's "Geneva"
more exciting for its artistic twists
than its lengthy plot turns. The
American premiere of this 1939
comedy runs this weekend
through May 21 at the Manhattan
Playhouse in Palo Alto. Page 9
Baseball crushes Gators — The
Cardinal nine pummeled S F State
by the score of 23 2 yesterday in
San Francisco Stanford second
baseman Frank Carey went 5-for-7
on the day with a triple, double
and three singles. Page 11
Crumbling solidarity — Polish
workers in Gdansk ended a nine
day strike yesterday when they
marched back out of Lenin
Shipyards at sunset. Former
Solidarity leader Lech Walesa
headed the line of 400 strikers,
who left the protest site "con
vinced of the need and Tightness
of [their] protest." Page 3
Theatrical effects — Frank Lester
finds an obtuse production of
George Bernard Shaw's "Geneva"
more exciting for its artistic twists
than its lengthy plot turns. The
American premiere of this 1939
comedy runs this weekend
through May 21 at the Manhattan
Playhouse in Palo Alto. Page 9
Baseball crushes Gators — The
Cardinal nine pummeled S F State
by the score of 23 2 yesterday in
San Francisco Stanford second
baseman Frank Carey went 5-for-7
on the day with a triple, double
and three singles. Page 11
Crumbling solidarity — Polish
workers in Gdansk ended a nine
day strike yesterday when they
marched back out of Lenin
Shipyards at sunset. Former
Solidarity leader Lech Walesa
headed the line of 400 strikers,
who left the protest site "con
vinced of the need and Tightness
of [their] protest." Page 3
Theatrical effects — Frank Lester
finds an obtuse production of
George Bernard Shaw's "Geneva"
more exciting for its artistic twists
than its lengthy plot turns. The
American premiere of this 1939
comedy runs this weekend
through May 21 at the Manhattan
Playhouse in Palo Alto. Page 9
Baseball crushes Gators — The
Cardinal nine pummeled S F State
by the score of 23 2 yesterday in
San Francisco Stanford second
baseman Frank Carey went 5-for-7
on the day with a triple, double
and three singles. Page 11
Crumbling solidarity — Polish
workers in Gdansk ended a nine
day strike yesterday when they
marched back out of Lenin
Shipyards at sunset. Former
Solidarity leader Lech Walesa
headed the line of 400 strikers,
who left the protest site "con
vinced of the need and Tightness
of [their] protest." Page 3
Theatrical effects — Frank Lester
finds an obtuse production of
George Bernard Shaw's "Geneva"
more exciting for its artistic twists
than its lengthy plot turns. The
American premiere of this 1939
comedy runs this weekend
through May 21 at the Manhattan
Playhouse in Palo Alto. Page 9
Baseball crushes Gators — The
Cardinal nine pummeled S F State
by the score of 23 2 yesterday in
San Francisco Stanford second
baseman Frank Carey went 5-for-7
on the day with a triple, double
and three singles. Page 11
Crumbling solidarity — Polish
workers in Gdansk ended a nine
day strike yesterday when they
marched back out of Lenin
Shipyards at sunset. Former
Solidarity leader Lech Walesa
headed the line of 400 strikers,
who left the protest site "con
vinced of the need and Tightness
of [their] protest." Page 3
Theatrical effects — Frank Lester
finds an obtuse production of
George Bernard Shaw's "Geneva"
more exciting for its artistic twists
than its lengthy plot turns. The
American premiere of this 1939
comedy runs this weekend
through May 21 at the Manhattan
Playhouse in Palo Alto. Page 9
Baseball crushes Gators — The
Cardinal nine pummeled S F State
by the score of 23 2 yesterday in
San Francisco Stanford second
baseman Frank Carey went 5-for-7
on the day with a triple, double
and three singles. Page 11
