# BISHOP HUGHES WILL SPEAK AGAIN TONIGHT
## 
### 
Bishop Hughes will lecture again
tonight in the Little Theater at 7:30.
This time his subject is to be "The
Bible and Patriotism." It is a com
panion lecture to the one he gave
Tuesday night on "The Bible and
Life." In this talk the speaker dwelt
on the intimate relation of the Bible
to the ordinary events of daily life,
and in tonight's lecture he will em
phasize the close connection of the
lessons of the Scriptures to the cir
cumstances of the life of the nation.
Bishop Hughes, now resident Meth
odist Episcopal bishop of Massachu
setts, formerly occupied the California
district, and is well known at Stan
ford. He is at present here for a se
ries of lectures and sermons, includ
ing last Sunday's Founders' Day ad
dress. He w'll leave after next Sun
day.
Bishop Hughes will lecture again
tonight in the Little Theater at 7:30.
This time his subject is to be "The
Bible and Patriotism." It is a com
panion lecture to the one he gave
Tuesday night on "The Bible and
Life." In this talk the speaker dwelt
on the intimate relation of the Bible
to the ordinary events of daily life,
and in tonight's lecture he will em
phasize the close connection of the
lessons of the Scriptures to the cir
cumstances of the life of the nation.
Bishop Hughes, now resident Meth
odist Episcopal bishop of Massachu
setts, formerly occupied the California
district, and is well known at Stan
ford. He is at present here for a se
ries of lectures and sermons, includ
ing last Sunday's Founders' Day ad
dress. He w'll leave after next Sun
day.
Bishop Hughes will lecture again
tonight in the Little Theater at 7:30.
This time his subject is to be "The
Bible and Patriotism." It is a com
panion lecture to the one he gave
Tuesday night on "The Bible and
Life." In this talk the speaker dwelt
on the intimate relation of the Bible
to the ordinary events of daily life,
and in tonight's lecture he will em
phasize the close connection of the
lessons of the Scriptures to the cir
cumstances of the life of the nation.
Bishop Hughes, now resident Meth
odist Episcopal bishop of Massachu
setts, formerly occupied the California
district, and is well known at Stan
ford. He is at present here for a se
ries of lectures and sermons, includ
ing last Sunday's Founders' Day ad
dress. He w'll leave after next Sun
day.
Bishop Hughes will lecture again
tonight in the Little Theater at 7:30.
This time his subject is to be "The
Bible and Patriotism." It is a com
panion lecture to the one he gave
Tuesday night on "The Bible and
Life." In this talk the speaker dwelt
on the intimate relation of the Bible
to the ordinary events of daily life,
and in tonight's lecture he will em
phasize the close connection of the
lessons of the Scriptures to the cir
cumstances of the life of the nation.
Bishop Hughes, now resident Meth
odist Episcopal bishop of Massachu
setts, formerly occupied the California
district, and is well known at Stan
ford. He is at present here for a se
ries of lectures and sermons, includ
ing last Sunday's Founders' Day ad
dress. He w'll leave after next Sun
day.
Bishop Hughes will lecture again
tonight in the Little Theater at 7:30.
This time his subject is to be "The
Bible and Patriotism." It is a com
panion lecture to the one he gave
Tuesday night on "The Bible and
Life." In this talk the speaker dwelt
on the intimate relation of the Bible
to the ordinary events of daily life,
and in tonight's lecture he will em
phasize the close connection of the
lessons of the Scriptures to the cir
cumstances of the life of the nation.
Bishop Hughes, now resident Meth
odist Episcopal bishop of Massachu
setts, formerly occupied the California
district, and is well known at Stan
ford. He is at present here for a se
ries of lectures and sermons, includ
ing last Sunday's Founders' Day ad
dress. He w'll leave after next Sun
day.
Bishop Hughes will lecture again
tonight in the Little Theater at 7:30.
This time his subject is to be "The
Bible and Patriotism." It is a com
panion lecture to the one he gave
Tuesday night on "The Bible and
Life." In this talk the speaker dwelt
on the intimate relation of the Bible
to the ordinary events of daily life,
and in tonight's lecture he will em
phasize the close connection of the
lessons of the Scriptures to the cir
cumstances of the life of the nation.
Bishop Hughes, now resident Meth
odist Episcopal bishop of Massachu
setts, formerly occupied the California
district, and is well known at Stan
ford. He is at present here for a se
ries of lectures and sermons, includ
ing last Sunday's Founders' Day ad
dress. He w'll leave after next Sun
day.
Bishop Hughes will lecture again
tonight in the Little Theater at 7:30.
This time his subject is to be "The
Bible and Patriotism." It is a com
panion lecture to the one he gave
Tuesday night on "The Bible and
Life." In this talk the speaker dwelt
on the intimate relation of the Bible
to the ordinary events of daily life,
and in tonight's lecture he will em
phasize the close connection of the
lessons of the Scriptures to the cir
cumstances of the life of the nation.
Bishop Hughes, now resident Meth
odist Episcopal bishop of Massachu
setts, formerly occupied the California
district, and is well known at Stan
ford. He is at present here for a se
ries of lectures and sermons, includ
ing last Sunday's Founders' Day ad
dress. He w'll leave after next Sun
day.
Bishop Hughes will lecture again
tonight in the Little Theater at 7:30.
This time his subject is to be "The
Bible and Patriotism." It is a com
panion lecture to the one he gave
Tuesday night on "The Bible and
Life." In this talk the speaker dwelt
on the intimate relation of the Bible
to the ordinary events of daily life,
and in tonight's lecture he will em
phasize the close connection of the
lessons of the Scriptures to the cir
cumstances of the life of the nation.
Bishop Hughes, now resident Meth
odist Episcopal bishop of Massachu
setts, formerly occupied the California
district, and is well known at Stan
ford. He is at present here for a se
ries of lectures and sermons, includ
ing last Sunday's Founders' Day ad
dress. He w'll leave after next Sun
day.
Bishop Hughes will lecture again
tonight in the Little Theater at 7:30.
This time his subject is to be "The
Bible and Patriotism." It is a com
panion lecture to the one he gave
Tuesday night on "The Bible and
Life." In this talk the speaker dwelt
on the intimate relation of the Bible
to the ordinary events of daily life,
and in tonight's lecture he will em
phasize the close connection of the
lessons of the Scriptures to the cir
cumstances of the life of the nation.
Bishop Hughes, now resident Meth
odist Episcopal bishop of Massachu
setts, formerly occupied the California
district, and is well known at Stan
ford. He is at present here for a se
ries of lectures and sermons, includ
ing last Sunday's Founders' Day ad
dress. He w'll leave after next Sun
day.
Bishop Hughes will lecture again
tonight in the Little Theater at 7:30.
This time his subject is to be "The
Bible and Patriotism." It is a com
panion lecture to the one he gave
Tuesday night on "The Bible and
Life." In this talk the speaker dwelt
on the intimate relation of the Bible
to the ordinary events of daily life,
and in tonight's lecture he will em
phasize the close connection of the
lessons of the Scriptures to the cir
cumstances of the life of the nation.
Bishop Hughes, now resident Meth
odist Episcopal bishop of Massachu
setts, formerly occupied the California
district, and is well known at Stan
ford. He is at present here for a se
ries of lectures and sermons, includ
ing last Sunday's Founders' Day ad
dress. He w'll leave after next Sun
day.
Bishop Hughes will lecture again
tonight in the Little Theater at 7:30.
This time his subject is to be "The
Bible and Patriotism." It is a com
panion lecture to the one he gave
Tuesday night on "The Bible and
Life." In this talk the speaker dwelt
on the intimate relation of the Bible
to the ordinary events of daily life,
and in tonight's lecture he will em
phasize the close connection of the
lessons of the Scriptures to the cir
cumstances of the life of the nation.
Bishop Hughes, now resident Meth
odist Episcopal bishop of Massachu
setts, formerly occupied the California
district, and is well known at Stan
ford. He is at present here for a se
ries of lectures and sermons, includ
ing last Sunday's Founders' Day ad
dress. He w'll leave after next Sun
day.
Bishop Hughes will lecture again
tonight in the Little Theater at 7:30.
This time his subject is to be "The
Bible and Patriotism." It is a com
panion lecture to the one he gave
Tuesday night on "The Bible and
Life." In this talk the speaker dwelt
on the intimate relation of the Bible
to the ordinary events of daily life,
and in tonight's lecture he will em
phasize the close connection of the
lessons of the Scriptures to the cir
cumstances of the life of the nation.
Bishop Hughes, now resident Meth
odist Episcopal bishop of Massachu
setts, formerly occupied the California
district, and is well known at Stan
ford. He is at present here for a se
ries of lectures and sermons, includ
ing last Sunday's Founders' Day ad
dress. He w'll leave after next Sun
day.
Bishop Hughes will lecture again
tonight in the Little Theater at 7:30.
This time his subject is to be "The
Bible and Patriotism." It is a com
panion lecture to the one he gave
Tuesday night on "The Bible and
Life." In this talk the speaker dwelt
on the intimate relation of the Bible
to the ordinary events of daily life,
and in tonight's lecture he will em
phasize the close connection of the
lessons of the Scriptures to the cir
cumstances of the life of the nation.
Bishop Hughes, now resident Meth
odist Episcopal bishop of Massachu
setts, formerly occupied the California
district, and is well known at Stan
ford. He is at present here for a se
ries of lectures and sermons, includ
ing last Sunday's Founders' Day ad
dress. He w'll leave after next Sun
day.
Bishop Hughes will lecture again
tonight in the Little Theater at 7:30.
This time his subject is to be "The
Bible and Patriotism." It is a com
panion lecture to the one he gave
Tuesday night on "The Bible and
Life." In this talk the speaker dwelt
on the intimate relation of the Bible
to the ordinary events of daily life,
and in tonight's lecture he will em
phasize the close connection of the
lessons of the Scriptures to the cir
cumstances of the life of the nation.
Bishop Hughes, now resident Meth
odist Episcopal bishop of Massachu
setts, formerly occupied the California
district, and is well known at Stan
ford. He is at present here for a se
ries of lectures and sermons, includ
ing last Sunday's Founders' Day ad
dress. He w'll leave after next Sun
day.
Bishop Hughes will lecture again
tonight in the Little Theater at 7:30.
This time his subject is to be "The
Bible and Patriotism." It is a com
panion lecture to the one he gave
Tuesday night on "The Bible and
Life." In this talk the speaker dwelt
on the intimate relation of the Bible
to the ordinary events of daily life,
and in tonight's lecture he will em
phasize the close connection of the
lessons of the Scriptures to the cir
cumstances of the life of the nation.
Bishop Hughes, now resident Meth
odist Episcopal bishop of Massachu
setts, formerly occupied the California
district, and is well known at Stan
ford. He is at present here for a se
ries of lectures and sermons, includ
ing last Sunday's Founders' Day ad
dress. He w'll leave after next Sun
day.
