# DEBATING SOCIETIES DECIDE ON OFFICERS
## 
### 
Stanford's debating societies elected
their officers for the next quarter at,
their meetings last night. These
meetings terminated the societies' ac
tivities for the present quarter, but
the new cabinets plan to meet during
vacation and make extensive arrange
ments for increasing interest in de
bating during the- spring months.
The results of the elections follow:
l'hrphronia—B. W. Hartrnan, '20, pres
ident; L. W„- Hodges, '21, vice-presi
dent; L. D. Wilbur, '21, secretary and !
treasurer. Nestoria—S. L. Hargrove !
'18, president; J. T. McMenamin, '20, i
vice-president, F. L. MeETroy, '21, j
secretary.
Stanford's debating societies elected
their officers for the next quarter at,
their meetings last night. These
meetings terminated the societies' ac
tivities for the present quarter, but
the new cabinets plan to meet during
vacation and make extensive arrange
ments for increasing interest in de
bating during the- spring months.
The results of the elections follow:
l'hrphronia—B. W. Hartrnan, '20, pres
ident; L. W„- Hodges, '21, vice-presi
dent; L. D. Wilbur, '21, secretary and !
treasurer. Nestoria—S. L. Hargrove !
'18, president; J. T. McMenamin, '20, i
vice-president, F. L. MeETroy, '21, j
secretary.
Stanford's debating societies elected
their officers for the next quarter at,
their meetings last night. These
meetings terminated the societies' ac
tivities for the present quarter, but
the new cabinets plan to meet during
vacation and make extensive arrange
ments for increasing interest in de
bating during the- spring months.
The results of the elections follow:
l'hrphronia—B. W. Hartrnan, '20, pres
ident; L. W„- Hodges, '21, vice-presi
dent; L. D. Wilbur, '21, secretary and !
treasurer. Nestoria—S. L. Hargrove !
'18, president; J. T. McMenamin, '20, i
vice-president, F. L. MeETroy, '21, j
secretary.
Stanford's debating societies elected
their officers for the next quarter at,
their meetings last night. These
meetings terminated the societies' ac
tivities for the present quarter, but
the new cabinets plan to meet during
vacation and make extensive arrange
ments for increasing interest in de
bating during the- spring months.
The results of the elections follow:
l'hrphronia—B. W. Hartrnan, '20, pres
ident; L. W„- Hodges, '21, vice-presi
dent; L. D. Wilbur, '21, secretary and !
treasurer. Nestoria—S. L. Hargrove !
'18, president; J. T. McMenamin, '20, i
vice-president, F. L. MeETroy, '21, j
secretary.
Stanford's debating societies elected
their officers for the next quarter at,
their meetings last night. These
meetings terminated the societies' ac
tivities for the present quarter, but
the new cabinets plan to meet during
vacation and make extensive arrange
ments for increasing interest in de
bating during the- spring months.
The results of the elections follow:
l'hrphronia—B. W. Hartrnan, '20, pres
ident; L. W„- Hodges, '21, vice-presi
dent; L. D. Wilbur, '21, secretary and !
treasurer. Nestoria—S. L. Hargrove !
'18, president; J. T. McMenamin, '20, i
vice-president, F. L. MeETroy, '21, j
secretary.
Stanford's debating societies elected
their officers for the next quarter at,
their meetings last night. These
meetings terminated the societies' ac
tivities for the present quarter, but
the new cabinets plan to meet during
vacation and make extensive arrange
ments for increasing interest in de
bating during the- spring months.
The results of the elections follow:
l'hrphronia—B. W. Hartrnan, '20, pres
ident; L. W„- Hodges, '21, vice-presi
dent; L. D. Wilbur, '21, secretary and !
treasurer. Nestoria—S. L. Hargrove !
'18, president; J. T. McMenamin, '20, i
vice-president, F. L. MeETroy, '21, j
secretary.
Stanford's debating societies elected
their officers for the next quarter at,
their meetings last night. These
meetings terminated the societies' ac
tivities for the present quarter, but
the new cabinets plan to meet during
vacation and make extensive arrange
ments for increasing interest in de
bating during the- spring months.
The results of the elections follow:
l'hrphronia—B. W. Hartrnan, '20, pres
ident; L. W„- Hodges, '21, vice-presi
dent; L. D. Wilbur, '21, secretary and !
treasurer. Nestoria—S. L. Hargrove !
'18, president; J. T. McMenamin, '20, i
vice-president, F. L. MeETroy, '21, j
secretary.
Stanford's debating societies elected
their officers for the next quarter at,
their meetings last night. These
meetings terminated the societies' ac
tivities for the present quarter, but
the new cabinets plan to meet during
vacation and make extensive arrange
ments for increasing interest in de
bating during the- spring months.
The results of the elections follow:
l'hrphronia—B. W. Hartrnan, '20, pres
ident; L. W„- Hodges, '21, vice-presi
dent; L. D. Wilbur, '21, secretary and !
treasurer. Nestoria—S. L. Hargrove !
'18, president; J. T. McMenamin, '20, i
vice-president, F. L. MeETroy, '21, j
secretary.
Stanford's debating societies elected
their officers for the next quarter at,
their meetings last night. These
meetings terminated the societies' ac
tivities for the present quarter, but
the new cabinets plan to meet during
vacation and make extensive arrange
ments for increasing interest in de
bating during the- spring months.
The results of the elections follow:
l'hrphronia—B. W. Hartrnan, '20, pres
ident; L. W„- Hodges, '21, vice-presi
dent; L. D. Wilbur, '21, secretary and !
treasurer. Nestoria—S. L. Hargrove !
'18, president; J. T. McMenamin, '20, i
vice-president, F. L. MeETroy, '21, j
secretary.
Stanford's debating societies elected
their officers for the next quarter at,
their meetings last night. These
meetings terminated the societies' ac
tivities for the present quarter, but
the new cabinets plan to meet during
vacation and make extensive arrange
ments for increasing interest in de
bating during the- spring months.
The results of the elections follow:
l'hrphronia—B. W. Hartrnan, '20, pres
ident; L. W„- Hodges, '21, vice-presi
dent; L. D. Wilbur, '21, secretary and !
treasurer. Nestoria—S. L. Hargrove !
'18, president; J. T. McMenamin, '20, i
vice-president, F. L. MeETroy, '21, j
secretary.
Stanford's debating societies elected
their officers for the next quarter at,
their meetings last night. These
meetings terminated the societies' ac
tivities for the present quarter, but
the new cabinets plan to meet during
vacation and make extensive arrange
ments for increasing interest in de
bating during the- spring months.
The results of the elections follow:
l'hrphronia—B. W. Hartrnan, '20, pres
ident; L. W„- Hodges, '21, vice-presi
dent; L. D. Wilbur, '21, secretary and !
treasurer. Nestoria—S. L. Hargrove !
'18, president; J. T. McMenamin, '20, i
vice-president, F. L. MeETroy, '21, j
secretary.
Stanford's debating societies elected
their officers for the next quarter at,
their meetings last night. These
meetings terminated the societies' ac
tivities for the present quarter, but
the new cabinets plan to meet during
vacation and make extensive arrange
ments for increasing interest in de
bating during the- spring months.
The results of the elections follow:
l'hrphronia—B. W. Hartrnan, '20, pres
ident; L. W„- Hodges, '21, vice-presi
dent; L. D. Wilbur, '21, secretary and !
treasurer. Nestoria—S. L. Hargrove !
'18, president; J. T. McMenamin, '20, i
vice-president, F. L. MeETroy, '21, j
secretary.
Stanford's debating societies elected
their officers for the next quarter at,
their meetings last night. These
meetings terminated the societies' ac
tivities for the present quarter, but
the new cabinets plan to meet during
vacation and make extensive arrange
ments for increasing interest in de
bating during the- spring months.
The results of the elections follow:
l'hrphronia—B. W. Hartrnan, '20, pres
ident; L. W„- Hodges, '21, vice-presi
dent; L. D. Wilbur, '21, secretary and !
treasurer. Nestoria—S. L. Hargrove !
'18, president; J. T. McMenamin, '20, i
vice-president, F. L. MeETroy, '21, j
secretary.
Stanford's debating societies elected
their officers for the next quarter at,
their meetings last night. These
meetings terminated the societies' ac
tivities for the present quarter, but
the new cabinets plan to meet during
vacation and make extensive arrange
ments for increasing interest in de
bating during the- spring months.
The results of the elections follow:
l'hrphronia—B. W. Hartrnan, '20, pres
ident; L. W„- Hodges, '21, vice-presi
dent; L. D. Wilbur, '21, secretary and !
treasurer. Nestoria—S. L. Hargrove !
'18, president; J. T. McMenamin, '20, i
vice-president, F. L. MeETroy, '21, j
secretary.
Stanford's debating societies elected
their officers for the next quarter at,
their meetings last night. These
meetings terminated the societies' ac
tivities for the present quarter, but
the new cabinets plan to meet during
vacation and make extensive arrange
ments for increasing interest in de
bating during the- spring months.
The results of the elections follow:
l'hrphronia—B. W. Hartrnan, '20, pres
ident; L. W„- Hodges, '21, vice-presi
dent; L. D. Wilbur, '21, secretary and !
treasurer. Nestoria—S. L. Hargrove !
'18, president; J. T. McMenamin, '20, i
vice-president, F. L. MeETroy, '21, j
secretary.
