# California
## 
### 
Dwiggins, the Blue and Gold captain,
is the only member of his team who is
absolutely ineligible through having
played out his allotted four yearte.
Ashley and Jordan, however, will
probably make with him the trio who
will be missed from the California
fifteen next year. The fourth unde
cided player is the expert dribbler.
Pauly. Of the nineteen men, includ
ing Hansen, who will receive his "C,"
although he did not enter the game
because of a shuffle of substitutes on
the California sidelines, who defended
the Blue and Gold colors on Novenibet
-12, fifteen or sixteen will return. The
four Seniors coming back are Swartz,
Pauly, Markwart and Ashley. Pauly,
is of course, uncertain. Seven of the
team are Juniors: C. Phleger, Hansen,
Wheeler, Elliott, Harris, Evans, and
Watts. The four Sophomores are:
Peartt, Morris, Stroud, and Allen.
Dills is the only Freshman. He was
used in the big game to substitute for
Watts. , ,
California is thus shown to he on a
slightiy better footing than Stanford
as torprospects of the reappearance of
Meiii&si√ü. The backflelds of the two
varsities are Intact with the exception
