# REED FOR TAX CUT
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Jan. 24 (UP)-
Chairman Daniel A. Reed of the
House Ways and Means Committee
today proposed a new income tax
cut "in the near future."
WASHINGTON, Jan. 24 (UP)-
Chairman Daniel A. Reed of the
House Ways and Means Committee
today proposed a new income tax
cut "in the near future."
WASHINGTON, Jan. 24 (UP)-
Chairman Daniel A. Reed of the
House Ways and Means Committee
today proposed a new income tax
cut "in the near future."
WASHINGTON, Jan. 24 (UP)-
Chairman Daniel A. Reed of the
House Ways and Means Committee
today proposed a new income tax
cut "in the near future."
WASHINGTON, Jan. 24 (UP)-
Chairman Daniel A. Reed of the
House Ways and Means Committee
today proposed a new income tax
cut "in the near future."
WASHINGTON, Jan. 24 (UP)-
Chairman Daniel A. Reed of the
House Ways and Means Committee
today proposed a new income tax
cut "in the near future."
WASHINGTON, Jan. 24 (UP)-
Chairman Daniel A. Reed of the
House Ways and Means Committee
today proposed a new income tax
cut "in the near future."
WASHINGTON, Jan. 24 (UP)-
Chairman Daniel A. Reed of the
House Ways and Means Committee
today proposed a new income tax
cut "in the near future."
WASHINGTON, Jan. 24 (UP)-
Chairman Daniel A. Reed of the
House Ways and Means Committee
today proposed a new income tax
cut "in the near future."
WASHINGTON, Jan. 24 (UP)-
Chairman Daniel A. Reed of the
House Ways and Means Committee
today proposed a new income tax
cut "in the near future."
WASHINGTON, Jan. 24 (UP)-
Chairman Daniel A. Reed of the
House Ways and Means Committee
today proposed a new income tax
cut "in the near future."
WASHINGTON, Jan. 24 (UP)-
Chairman Daniel A. Reed of the
House Ways and Means Committee
today proposed a new income tax
cut "in the near future."
WASHINGTON, Jan. 24 (UP)-
Chairman Daniel A. Reed of the
House Ways and Means Committee
today proposed a new income tax
cut "in the near future."
WASHINGTON, Jan. 24 (UP)-
Chairman Daniel A. Reed of the
House Ways and Means Committee
today proposed a new income tax
cut "in the near future."
