# ALL-U GOLF TOURNEY
## 
### 
Qualifying for the All-University
Golf Tournament will end Sunday.
Anyone enrolled as a graduate or
undergraduate student at Stanford
may enter the tournament. Entrance
fee is one dollar. Defending cham
pion is Dick McElyea, number golf
er.
Qualifying for the All-University
Golf Tournament will end Sunday.
Anyone enrolled as a graduate or
undergraduate student at Stanford
may enter the tournament. Entrance
fee is one dollar. Defending cham
pion is Dick McElyea, number golf
er.
Qualifying for the All-University
Golf Tournament will end Sunday.
Anyone enrolled as a graduate or
undergraduate student at Stanford
may enter the tournament. Entrance
fee is one dollar. Defending cham
pion is Dick McElyea, number golf
er.
Qualifying for the All-University
Golf Tournament will end Sunday.
Anyone enrolled as a graduate or
undergraduate student at Stanford
may enter the tournament. Entrance
fee is one dollar. Defending cham
pion is Dick McElyea, number golf
er.
Qualifying for the All-University
Golf Tournament will end Sunday.
Anyone enrolled as a graduate or
undergraduate student at Stanford
may enter the tournament. Entrance
fee is one dollar. Defending cham
pion is Dick McElyea, number golf
er.
Qualifying for the All-University
Golf Tournament will end Sunday.
Anyone enrolled as a graduate or
undergraduate student at Stanford
may enter the tournament. Entrance
fee is one dollar. Defending cham
pion is Dick McElyea, number golf
er.
Qualifying for the All-University
Golf Tournament will end Sunday.
Anyone enrolled as a graduate or
undergraduate student at Stanford
may enter the tournament. Entrance
fee is one dollar. Defending cham
pion is Dick McElyea, number golf
er.
Qualifying for the All-University
Golf Tournament will end Sunday.
Anyone enrolled as a graduate or
undergraduate student at Stanford
may enter the tournament. Entrance
fee is one dollar. Defending cham
pion is Dick McElyea, number golf
er.
Qualifying for the All-University
Golf Tournament will end Sunday.
Anyone enrolled as a graduate or
undergraduate student at Stanford
may enter the tournament. Entrance
fee is one dollar. Defending cham
pion is Dick McElyea, number golf
er.
Qualifying for the All-University
Golf Tournament will end Sunday.
Anyone enrolled as a graduate or
undergraduate student at Stanford
may enter the tournament. Entrance
fee is one dollar. Defending cham
pion is Dick McElyea, number golf
er.
Qualifying for the All-University
Golf Tournament will end Sunday.
Anyone enrolled as a graduate or
undergraduate student at Stanford
may enter the tournament. Entrance
fee is one dollar. Defending cham
pion is Dick McElyea, number golf
er.
Qualifying for the All-University
Golf Tournament will end Sunday.
Anyone enrolled as a graduate or
undergraduate student at Stanford
may enter the tournament. Entrance
fee is one dollar. Defending cham
pion is Dick McElyea, number golf
er.
Qualifying for the All-University
Golf Tournament will end Sunday.
Anyone enrolled as a graduate or
undergraduate student at Stanford
may enter the tournament. Entrance
fee is one dollar. Defending cham
pion is Dick McElyea, number golf
er.
Qualifying for the All-University
Golf Tournament will end Sunday.
Anyone enrolled as a graduate or
undergraduate student at Stanford
may enter the tournament. Entrance
fee is one dollar. Defending cham
pion is Dick McElyea, number golf
er.
Qualifying for the All-University
Golf Tournament will end Sunday.
Anyone enrolled as a graduate or
undergraduate student at Stanford
may enter the tournament. Entrance
fee is one dollar. Defending cham
pion is Dick McElyea, number golf
er.
Qualifying for the All-University
Golf Tournament will end Sunday.
Anyone enrolled as a graduate or
undergraduate student at Stanford
may enter the tournament. Entrance
fee is one dollar. Defending cham
pion is Dick McElyea, number golf
er.
