# GRADUATE SCHOLARSHIPS
## 
### 
Graduate students wishing to ap
ply for graduate scholarships and
fellowships for the academic year
1952-53 may secure application
blanks from the registrar's office.
Applicants must submit completed
forms before Feb. 15 in order to be
considered for awards for the 1952-
53 academic year.
It must be emphasized that the
Graduate Study. Committee will not
consider any applications for 1952-
53 which are received later than
Feb. 15.
Graduate students wishing to ap
ply for graduate scholarships and
fellowships for the academic year
1952-53 may secure application
blanks from the registrar's office.
Applicants must submit completed
forms before Feb. 15 in order to be
considered for awards for the 1952-
53 academic year.
It must be emphasized that the
Graduate Study. Committee will not
consider any applications for 1952-
53 which are received later than
Feb. 15.
Graduate students wishing to ap
ply for graduate scholarships and
fellowships for the academic year
1952-53 may secure application
blanks from the registrar's office.
Applicants must submit completed
forms before Feb. 15 in order to be
considered for awards for the 1952-
53 academic year.
It must be emphasized that the
Graduate Study. Committee will not
consider any applications for 1952-
53 which are received later than
Feb. 15.
Graduate students wishing to ap
ply for graduate scholarships and
fellowships for the academic year
1952-53 may secure application
blanks from the registrar's office.
Applicants must submit completed
forms before Feb. 15 in order to be
considered for awards for the 1952-
53 academic year.
It must be emphasized that the
Graduate Study. Committee will not
consider any applications for 1952-
53 which are received later than
Feb. 15.
Graduate students wishing to ap
ply for graduate scholarships and
fellowships for the academic year
1952-53 may secure application
blanks from the registrar's office.
Applicants must submit completed
forms before Feb. 15 in order to be
considered for awards for the 1952-
53 academic year.
It must be emphasized that the
Graduate Study. Committee will not
consider any applications for 1952-
53 which are received later than
Feb. 15.
Graduate students wishing to ap
ply for graduate scholarships and
fellowships for the academic year
1952-53 may secure application
blanks from the registrar's office.
Applicants must submit completed
forms before Feb. 15 in order to be
considered for awards for the 1952-
53 academic year.
It must be emphasized that the
Graduate Study. Committee will not
consider any applications for 1952-
53 which are received later than
Feb. 15.
Graduate students wishing to ap
ply for graduate scholarships and
fellowships for the academic year
1952-53 may secure application
blanks from the registrar's office.
Applicants must submit completed
forms before Feb. 15 in order to be
considered for awards for the 1952-
53 academic year.
It must be emphasized that the
Graduate Study. Committee will not
consider any applications for 1952-
53 which are received later than
Feb. 15.
Graduate students wishing to ap
ply for graduate scholarships and
fellowships for the academic year
1952-53 may secure application
blanks from the registrar's office.
Applicants must submit completed
forms before Feb. 15 in order to be
considered for awards for the 1952-
53 academic year.
It must be emphasized that the
Graduate Study. Committee will not
consider any applications for 1952-
53 which are received later than
Feb. 15.
Graduate students wishing to ap
ply for graduate scholarships and
fellowships for the academic year
1952-53 may secure application
blanks from the registrar's office.
Applicants must submit completed
forms before Feb. 15 in order to be
considered for awards for the 1952-
53 academic year.
It must be emphasized that the
Graduate Study. Committee will not
consider any applications for 1952-
53 which are received later than
Feb. 15.
Graduate students wishing to ap
ply for graduate scholarships and
fellowships for the academic year
1952-53 may secure application
blanks from the registrar's office.
Applicants must submit completed
forms before Feb. 15 in order to be
considered for awards for the 1952-
53 academic year.
It must be emphasized that the
Graduate Study. Committee will not
consider any applications for 1952-
53 which are received later than
Feb. 15.
Graduate students wishing to ap
ply for graduate scholarships and
fellowships for the academic year
1952-53 may secure application
blanks from the registrar's office.
Applicants must submit completed
forms before Feb. 15 in order to be
considered for awards for the 1952-
53 academic year.
It must be emphasized that the
Graduate Study. Committee will not
consider any applications for 1952-
53 which are received later than
Feb. 15.
Graduate students wishing to ap
ply for graduate scholarships and
fellowships for the academic year
1952-53 may secure application
blanks from the registrar's office.
Applicants must submit completed
forms before Feb. 15 in order to be
considered for awards for the 1952-
53 academic year.
It must be emphasized that the
Graduate Study. Committee will not
consider any applications for 1952-
53 which are received later than
Feb. 15.
Graduate students wishing to ap
ply for graduate scholarships and
fellowships for the academic year
1952-53 may secure application
blanks from the registrar's office.
Applicants must submit completed
forms before Feb. 15 in order to be
considered for awards for the 1952-
53 academic year.
It must be emphasized that the
Graduate Study. Committee will not
consider any applications for 1952-
53 which are received later than
Feb. 15.
Graduate students wishing to ap
ply for graduate scholarships and
fellowships for the academic year
1952-53 may secure application
blanks from the registrar's office.
Applicants must submit completed
forms before Feb. 15 in order to be
considered for awards for the 1952-
53 academic year.
It must be emphasized that the
Graduate Study. Committee will not
consider any applications for 1952-
53 which are received later than
Feb. 15.
Graduate students wishing to ap
ply for graduate scholarships and
fellowships for the academic year
1952-53 may secure application
blanks from the registrar's office.
Applicants must submit completed
forms before Feb. 15 in order to be
considered for awards for the 1952-
53 academic year.
It must be emphasized that the
Graduate Study. Committee will not
consider any applications for 1952-
53 which are received later than
Feb. 15.
Graduate students wishing to ap
ply for graduate scholarships and
fellowships for the academic year
1952-53 may secure application
blanks from the registrar's office.
Applicants must submit completed
forms before Feb. 15 in order to be
considered for awards for the 1952-
53 academic year.
It must be emphasized that the
Graduate Study. Committee will not
consider any applications for 1952-
53 which are received later than
Feb. 15.
