# UNUSUAL CAREER OPENING
## 
### 
In an uncrowdcd profession with
excellent earning and growth op
portunities offered a graduate stu
dent. Opening for men, or women
—man and wife —wives of under
graduates, with Educational Divi
sion of Marshall Field owned enter
prise. Personal interview arranged.
Write fully giving phone, age, and
experience to C. C. Ren, Western
Manager, 354 21st Street, Oakland
I 2, California.
In an uncrowdcd profession with
excellent earning and growth op
portunities offered a graduate stu
dent. Opening for men, or women
—man and wife —wives of under
graduates, with Educational Divi
sion of Marshall Field owned enter
prise. Personal interview arranged.
Write fully giving phone, age, and
experience to C. C. Ren, Western
Manager, 354 21st Street, Oakland
I 2, California.
In an uncrowdcd profession with
excellent earning and growth op
portunities offered a graduate stu
dent. Opening for men, or women
—man and wife —wives of under
graduates, with Educational Divi
sion of Marshall Field owned enter
prise. Personal interview arranged.
Write fully giving phone, age, and
experience to C. C. Ren, Western
Manager, 354 21st Street, Oakland
I 2, California.
In an uncrowdcd profession with
excellent earning and growth op
portunities offered a graduate stu
dent. Opening for men, or women
—man and wife —wives of under
graduates, with Educational Divi
sion of Marshall Field owned enter
prise. Personal interview arranged.
Write fully giving phone, age, and
experience to C. C. Ren, Western
Manager, 354 21st Street, Oakland
I 2, California.
In an uncrowdcd profession with
excellent earning and growth op
portunities offered a graduate stu
dent. Opening for men, or women
—man and wife —wives of under
graduates, with Educational Divi
sion of Marshall Field owned enter
prise. Personal interview arranged.
Write fully giving phone, age, and
experience to C. C. Ren, Western
Manager, 354 21st Street, Oakland
I 2, California.
In an uncrowdcd profession with
excellent earning and growth op
portunities offered a graduate stu
dent. Opening for men, or women
—man and wife —wives of under
graduates, with Educational Divi
sion of Marshall Field owned enter
prise. Personal interview arranged.
Write fully giving phone, age, and
experience to C. C. Ren, Western
Manager, 354 21st Street, Oakland
I 2, California.
In an uncrowdcd profession with
excellent earning and growth op
portunities offered a graduate stu
dent. Opening for men, or women
—man and wife —wives of under
graduates, with Educational Divi
sion of Marshall Field owned enter
prise. Personal interview arranged.
Write fully giving phone, age, and
experience to C. C. Ren, Western
Manager, 354 21st Street, Oakland
I 2, California.
In an uncrowdcd profession with
excellent earning and growth op
portunities offered a graduate stu
dent. Opening for men, or women
—man and wife —wives of under
graduates, with Educational Divi
sion of Marshall Field owned enter
prise. Personal interview arranged.
Write fully giving phone, age, and
experience to C. C. Ren, Western
Manager, 354 21st Street, Oakland
I 2, California.
In an uncrowdcd profession with
excellent earning and growth op
portunities offered a graduate stu
dent. Opening for men, or women
—man and wife —wives of under
graduates, with Educational Divi
sion of Marshall Field owned enter
prise. Personal interview arranged.
Write fully giving phone, age, and
experience to C. C. Ren, Western
Manager, 354 21st Street, Oakland
I 2, California.
In an uncrowdcd profession with
excellent earning and growth op
portunities offered a graduate stu
dent. Opening for men, or women
—man and wife —wives of under
graduates, with Educational Divi
sion of Marshall Field owned enter
prise. Personal interview arranged.
Write fully giving phone, age, and
experience to C. C. Ren, Western
Manager, 354 21st Street, Oakland
I 2, California.
In an uncrowdcd profession with
excellent earning and growth op
portunities offered a graduate stu
dent. Opening for men, or women
—man and wife —wives of under
graduates, with Educational Divi
sion of Marshall Field owned enter
prise. Personal interview arranged.
Write fully giving phone, age, and
experience to C. C. Ren, Western
Manager, 354 21st Street, Oakland
I 2, California.
In an uncrowdcd profession with
excellent earning and growth op
portunities offered a graduate stu
dent. Opening for men, or women
—man and wife —wives of under
graduates, with Educational Divi
sion of Marshall Field owned enter
prise. Personal interview arranged.
Write fully giving phone, age, and
experience to C. C. Ren, Western
Manager, 354 21st Street, Oakland
I 2, California.
In an uncrowdcd profession with
excellent earning and growth op
portunities offered a graduate stu
dent. Opening for men, or women
—man and wife —wives of under
graduates, with Educational Divi
sion of Marshall Field owned enter
prise. Personal interview arranged.
Write fully giving phone, age, and
experience to C. C. Ren, Western
Manager, 354 21st Street, Oakland
I 2, California.
In an uncrowdcd profession with
excellent earning and growth op
portunities offered a graduate stu
dent. Opening for men, or women
—man and wife —wives of under
graduates, with Educational Divi
sion of Marshall Field owned enter
prise. Personal interview arranged.
Write fully giving phone, age, and
experience to C. C. Ren, Western
Manager, 354 21st Street, Oakland
I 2, California.
In an uncrowdcd profession with
excellent earning and growth op
portunities offered a graduate stu
dent. Opening for men, or women
—man and wife —wives of under
graduates, with Educational Divi
sion of Marshall Field owned enter
prise. Personal interview arranged.
Write fully giving phone, age, and
experience to C. C. Ren, Western
Manager, 354 21st Street, Oakland
I 2, California.
In an uncrowdcd profession with
excellent earning and growth op
portunities offered a graduate stu
dent. Opening for men, or women
—man and wife —wives of under
graduates, with Educational Divi
sion of Marshall Field owned enter
prise. Personal interview arranged.
Write fully giving phone, age, and
experience to C. C. Ren, Western
Manager, 354 21st Street, Oakland
I 2, California.
