# CONFERENCES TO BE HELD IN JOURNALISM
## 
### 
V conferences for student- in
Jour:;; li»m are to be held it the Press
I'tnldm:. ' ii Saturday mornings during
the year, ccordinu to D,\ Carruth. head
of tin H;i dish Department of the I'ni
versity.
"Ji ■ 11r• . disin is not as yet a separate
department in"the University." said Dr.
O.rrmi . "It is under the supervision
of tin Englisb department. During the
absei'i'e of Prol\ Smith. I desire to
keep up a professional spirit among all
thos>- who are to have connection with
newspaper work. For 111i > reason lam
planning these Saturday morning con
ferences. The exact hour for these has
not been determined as yet. but will be
announced later on. \ll students in
Journalism, majoring in departments
other than English. History and Eco
nomics, are requested to give their
names to me so that the list may be
niat!e us complete as possible.''
