# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Professor E. C. Kranklin will not re
turn to Stanford for the fall quarter,
since lie is to continue bis work in
Washington. Both professors were in
the same governmental W rfrk.
Professor E. C. Kranklin will not re
turn to Stanford for the fall quarter,
since lie is to continue bis work in
Washington. Both professors were in
the same governmental W rfrk.
Professor E. C. Kranklin will not re
turn to Stanford for the fall quarter,
since lie is to continue bis work in
Washington. Both professors were in
the same governmental W rfrk.
Professor E. C. Kranklin will not re
turn to Stanford for the fall quarter,
since lie is to continue bis work in
Washington. Both professors were in
the same governmental W rfrk.
Professor E. C. Kranklin will not re
turn to Stanford for the fall quarter,
since lie is to continue bis work in
Washington. Both professors were in
the same governmental W rfrk.
Professor E. C. Kranklin will not re
turn to Stanford for the fall quarter,
since lie is to continue bis work in
Washington. Both professors were in
the same governmental W rfrk.
Professor E. C. Kranklin will not re
turn to Stanford for the fall quarter,
since lie is to continue bis work in
Washington. Both professors were in
the same governmental W rfrk.
Professor E. C. Kranklin will not re
turn to Stanford for the fall quarter,
since lie is to continue bis work in
Washington. Both professors were in
the same governmental W rfrk.
Professor E. C. Kranklin will not re
turn to Stanford for the fall quarter,
since lie is to continue bis work in
Washington. Both professors were in
the same governmental W rfrk.
Professor E. C. Kranklin will not re
turn to Stanford for the fall quarter,
since lie is to continue bis work in
Washington. Both professors were in
the same governmental W rfrk.
Professor E. C. Kranklin will not re
turn to Stanford for the fall quarter,
since lie is to continue bis work in
Washington. Both professors were in
the same governmental W rfrk.
Professor E. C. Kranklin will not re
turn to Stanford for the fall quarter,
since lie is to continue bis work in
Washington. Both professors were in
the same governmental W rfrk.
Professor E. C. Kranklin will not re
turn to Stanford for the fall quarter,
since lie is to continue bis work in
Washington. Both professors were in
the same governmental W rfrk.
Professor E. C. Kranklin will not re
turn to Stanford for the fall quarter,
since lie is to continue bis work in
Washington. Both professors were in
the same governmental W rfrk.
Professor E. C. Kranklin will not re
turn to Stanford for the fall quarter,
since lie is to continue bis work in
Washington. Both professors were in
the same governmental W rfrk.
Professor E. C. Kranklin will not re
turn to Stanford for the fall quarter,
since lie is to continue bis work in
Washington. Both professors were in
the same governmental W rfrk.
