# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Mrs. R. L. Wilbur, wife of President
Wilbur, and .Miss Harriet Bradford,
dean of women, are planning a reten
tion to :11 women students for next
Thursday afternoon. They will re
ceive from 4 to 6 oclock at the presi
dent's house.
Mrs. R. L. Wilbur, wife of President
Wilbur, and .Miss Harriet Bradford,
dean of women, are planning a reten
tion to :11 women students for next
Thursday afternoon. They will re
ceive from 4 to 6 oclock at the presi
dent's house.
Mrs. R. L. Wilbur, wife of President
Wilbur, and .Miss Harriet Bradford,
dean of women, are planning a reten
tion to :11 women students for next
Thursday afternoon. They will re
ceive from 4 to 6 oclock at the presi
dent's house.
Mrs. R. L. Wilbur, wife of President
Wilbur, and .Miss Harriet Bradford,
dean of women, are planning a reten
tion to :11 women students for next
Thursday afternoon. They will re
ceive from 4 to 6 oclock at the presi
dent's house.
Mrs. R. L. Wilbur, wife of President
Wilbur, and .Miss Harriet Bradford,
dean of women, are planning a reten
tion to :11 women students for next
Thursday afternoon. They will re
ceive from 4 to 6 oclock at the presi
dent's house.
Mrs. R. L. Wilbur, wife of President
Wilbur, and .Miss Harriet Bradford,
dean of women, are planning a reten
tion to :11 women students for next
Thursday afternoon. They will re
ceive from 4 to 6 oclock at the presi
dent's house.
Mrs. R. L. Wilbur, wife of President
Wilbur, and .Miss Harriet Bradford,
dean of women, are planning a reten
tion to :11 women students for next
Thursday afternoon. They will re
ceive from 4 to 6 oclock at the presi
dent's house.
Mrs. R. L. Wilbur, wife of President
Wilbur, and .Miss Harriet Bradford,
dean of women, are planning a reten
tion to :11 women students for next
Thursday afternoon. They will re
ceive from 4 to 6 oclock at the presi
dent's house.
Mrs. R. L. Wilbur, wife of President
Wilbur, and .Miss Harriet Bradford,
dean of women, are planning a reten
tion to :11 women students for next
Thursday afternoon. They will re
ceive from 4 to 6 oclock at the presi
dent's house.
Mrs. R. L. Wilbur, wife of President
Wilbur, and .Miss Harriet Bradford,
dean of women, are planning a reten
tion to :11 women students for next
Thursday afternoon. They will re
ceive from 4 to 6 oclock at the presi
dent's house.
Mrs. R. L. Wilbur, wife of President
Wilbur, and .Miss Harriet Bradford,
dean of women, are planning a reten
tion to :11 women students for next
Thursday afternoon. They will re
ceive from 4 to 6 oclock at the presi
dent's house.
Mrs. R. L. Wilbur, wife of President
Wilbur, and .Miss Harriet Bradford,
dean of women, are planning a reten
tion to :11 women students for next
Thursday afternoon. They will re
ceive from 4 to 6 oclock at the presi
dent's house.
Mrs. R. L. Wilbur, wife of President
Wilbur, and .Miss Harriet Bradford,
dean of women, are planning a reten
tion to :11 women students for next
Thursday afternoon. They will re
ceive from 4 to 6 oclock at the presi
dent's house.
Mrs. R. L. Wilbur, wife of President
Wilbur, and .Miss Harriet Bradford,
dean of women, are planning a reten
tion to :11 women students for next
Thursday afternoon. They will re
ceive from 4 to 6 oclock at the presi
dent's house.
Mrs. R. L. Wilbur, wife of President
Wilbur, and .Miss Harriet Bradford,
dean of women, are planning a reten
tion to :11 women students for next
Thursday afternoon. They will re
ceive from 4 to 6 oclock at the presi
dent's house.
Mrs. R. L. Wilbur, wife of President
Wilbur, and .Miss Harriet Bradford,
dean of women, are planning a reten
tion to :11 women students for next
Thursday afternoon. They will re
ceive from 4 to 6 oclock at the presi
dent's house.
