# Three Trojans Named On U.S.C. All-Conference Five
## 
### 
Picking three Southern California
men, sports writers of the U.S.C.
Daily Trojan selected on all-confer
ence basketball team which also
honored two California players.
The three U.S.C. men were Nemer,
forward; Guttero, center; and Bes
cos, guard; while Eifert, forward,
and Crowley, guard, were the two
Bears. Keith Topping, Stanford
sophomore center, was given honor
able mention.
Picking three Southern California
men, sports writers of the U.S.C.
Daily Trojan selected on all-confer
ence basketball team which also
honored two California players.
The three U.S.C. men were Nemer,
forward; Guttero, center; and Bes
cos, guard; while Eifert, forward,
and Crowley, guard, were the two
Bears. Keith Topping, Stanford
sophomore center, was given honor
able mention.
Picking three Southern California
men, sports writers of the U.S.C.
Daily Trojan selected on all-confer
ence basketball team which also
honored two California players.
The three U.S.C. men were Nemer,
forward; Guttero, center; and Bes
cos, guard; while Eifert, forward,
and Crowley, guard, were the two
Bears. Keith Topping, Stanford
sophomore center, was given honor
able mention.
Picking three Southern California
men, sports writers of the U.S.C.
Daily Trojan selected on all-confer
ence basketball team which also
honored two California players.
The three U.S.C. men were Nemer,
forward; Guttero, center; and Bes
cos, guard; while Eifert, forward,
and Crowley, guard, were the two
Bears. Keith Topping, Stanford
sophomore center, was given honor
able mention.
Picking three Southern California
men, sports writers of the U.S.C.
Daily Trojan selected on all-confer
ence basketball team which also
honored two California players.
The three U.S.C. men were Nemer,
forward; Guttero, center; and Bes
cos, guard; while Eifert, forward,
and Crowley, guard, were the two
Bears. Keith Topping, Stanford
sophomore center, was given honor
able mention.
Picking three Southern California
men, sports writers of the U.S.C.
Daily Trojan selected on all-confer
ence basketball team which also
honored two California players.
The three U.S.C. men were Nemer,
forward; Guttero, center; and Bes
cos, guard; while Eifert, forward,
and Crowley, guard, were the two
Bears. Keith Topping, Stanford
sophomore center, was given honor
able mention.
Picking three Southern California
men, sports writers of the U.S.C.
Daily Trojan selected on all-confer
ence basketball team which also
honored two California players.
The three U.S.C. men were Nemer,
forward; Guttero, center; and Bes
cos, guard; while Eifert, forward,
and Crowley, guard, were the two
Bears. Keith Topping, Stanford
sophomore center, was given honor
able mention.
Picking three Southern California
men, sports writers of the U.S.C.
Daily Trojan selected on all-confer
ence basketball team which also
honored two California players.
The three U.S.C. men were Nemer,
forward; Guttero, center; and Bes
cos, guard; while Eifert, forward,
and Crowley, guard, were the two
Bears. Keith Topping, Stanford
sophomore center, was given honor
able mention.
Picking three Southern California
men, sports writers of the U.S.C.
Daily Trojan selected on all-confer
ence basketball team which also
honored two California players.
The three U.S.C. men were Nemer,
forward; Guttero, center; and Bes
cos, guard; while Eifert, forward,
and Crowley, guard, were the two
Bears. Keith Topping, Stanford
sophomore center, was given honor
able mention.
Picking three Southern California
men, sports writers of the U.S.C.
Daily Trojan selected on all-confer
ence basketball team which also
honored two California players.
The three U.S.C. men were Nemer,
forward; Guttero, center; and Bes
cos, guard; while Eifert, forward,
and Crowley, guard, were the two
Bears. Keith Topping, Stanford
sophomore center, was given honor
able mention.
Picking three Southern California
men, sports writers of the U.S.C.
Daily Trojan selected on all-confer
ence basketball team which also
honored two California players.
The three U.S.C. men were Nemer,
forward; Guttero, center; and Bes
cos, guard; while Eifert, forward,
and Crowley, guard, were the two
Bears. Keith Topping, Stanford
sophomore center, was given honor
able mention.
Picking three Southern California
men, sports writers of the U.S.C.
Daily Trojan selected on all-confer
ence basketball team which also
honored two California players.
The three U.S.C. men were Nemer,
forward; Guttero, center; and Bes
cos, guard; while Eifert, forward,
and Crowley, guard, were the two
Bears. Keith Topping, Stanford
sophomore center, was given honor
able mention.
Picking three Southern California
men, sports writers of the U.S.C.
Daily Trojan selected on all-confer
ence basketball team which also
honored two California players.
The three U.S.C. men were Nemer,
forward; Guttero, center; and Bes
cos, guard; while Eifert, forward,
and Crowley, guard, were the two
Bears. Keith Topping, Stanford
sophomore center, was given honor
able mention.
Picking three Southern California
men, sports writers of the U.S.C.
Daily Trojan selected on all-confer
ence basketball team which also
honored two California players.
The three U.S.C. men were Nemer,
forward; Guttero, center; and Bes
cos, guard; while Eifert, forward,
and Crowley, guard, were the two
Bears. Keith Topping, Stanford
sophomore center, was given honor
able mention.
