# FUTURE BALLERINAS TRAINED FOR MUNICIPAL OPERA
## 
### 

Ballet and choral schools have been opened by the women's committee of the San Francisco Opera
Association with the well known choreographer, Adolph Bolm (near left), in charge cf the ambitious
misses. This is part of his first class which will give San Francisco a 100 per cent grand opera of its
own. (Associated Press Photo)

Ballet and choral schools have been opened by the women's committee of the San Francisco Opera
Association with the well known choreographer, Adolph Bolm (near left), in charge cf the ambitious
misses. This is part of his first class which will give San Francisco a 100 per cent grand opera of its
own. (Associated Press Photo)

Ballet and choral schools have been opened by the women's committee of the San Francisco Opera
Association with the well known choreographer, Adolph Bolm (near left), in charge cf the ambitious
misses. This is part of his first class which will give San Francisco a 100 per cent grand opera of its
own. (Associated Press Photo)

Ballet and choral schools have been opened by the women's committee of the San Francisco Opera
Association with the well known choreographer, Adolph Bolm (near left), in charge cf the ambitious
misses. This is part of his first class which will give San Francisco a 100 per cent grand opera of its
own. (Associated Press Photo)

Ballet and choral schools have been opened by the women's committee of the San Francisco Opera
Association with the well known choreographer, Adolph Bolm (near left), in charge cf the ambitious
misses. This is part of his first class which will give San Francisco a 100 per cent grand opera of its
own. (Associated Press Photo)

Ballet and choral schools have been opened by the women's committee of the San Francisco Opera
Association with the well known choreographer, Adolph Bolm (near left), in charge cf the ambitious
misses. This is part of his first class which will give San Francisco a 100 per cent grand opera of its
own. (Associated Press Photo)

Ballet and choral schools have been opened by the women's committee of the San Francisco Opera
Association with the well known choreographer, Adolph Bolm (near left), in charge cf the ambitious
misses. This is part of his first class which will give San Francisco a 100 per cent grand opera of its
own. (Associated Press Photo)

Ballet and choral schools have been opened by the women's committee of the San Francisco Opera
Association with the well known choreographer, Adolph Bolm (near left), in charge cf the ambitious
misses. This is part of his first class which will give San Francisco a 100 per cent grand opera of its
own. (Associated Press Photo)

Ballet and choral schools have been opened by the women's committee of the San Francisco Opera
Association with the well known choreographer, Adolph Bolm (near left), in charge cf the ambitious
misses. This is part of his first class which will give San Francisco a 100 per cent grand opera of its
own. (Associated Press Photo)

Ballet and choral schools have been opened by the women's committee of the San Francisco Opera
Association with the well known choreographer, Adolph Bolm (near left), in charge cf the ambitious
misses. This is part of his first class which will give San Francisco a 100 per cent grand opera of its
own. (Associated Press Photo)

Ballet and choral schools have been opened by the women's committee of the San Francisco Opera
Association with the well known choreographer, Adolph Bolm (near left), in charge cf the ambitious
misses. This is part of his first class which will give San Francisco a 100 per cent grand opera of its
own. (Associated Press Photo)

Ballet and choral schools have been opened by the women's committee of the San Francisco Opera
Association with the well known choreographer, Adolph Bolm (near left), in charge cf the ambitious
misses. This is part of his first class which will give San Francisco a 100 per cent grand opera of its
own. (Associated Press Photo)

Ballet and choral schools have been opened by the women's committee of the San Francisco Opera
Association with the well known choreographer, Adolph Bolm (near left), in charge cf the ambitious
misses. This is part of his first class which will give San Francisco a 100 per cent grand opera of its
own. (Associated Press Photo)

Ballet and choral schools have been opened by the women's committee of the San Francisco Opera
Association with the well known choreographer, Adolph Bolm (near left), in charge cf the ambitious
misses. This is part of his first class which will give San Francisco a 100 per cent grand opera of its
own. (Associated Press Photo)
