# NOTICE
## 
### 
Appointments for physical examina
tions for all new men students, for
whom such examinations are required,
have been sent out and most of these
examinations have already been com
pleted. Any new student who has not
received such a notice may, if he
wishes, make an appointment for an
examination at the Medical Adviser's
office at the men's gymnasium.
-—.—. j
Appointments for physical examina
tions for all new men students, for
whom such examinations are required,
have been sent out and most of these
examinations have already been com
pleted. Any new student who has not
received such a notice may, if he
wishes, make an appointment for an
examination at the Medical Adviser's
office at the men's gymnasium.
-—.—. j
Appointments for physical examina
tions for all new men students, for
whom such examinations are required,
have been sent out and most of these
examinations have already been com
pleted. Any new student who has not
received such a notice may, if he
wishes, make an appointment for an
examination at the Medical Adviser's
office at the men's gymnasium.
-—.—. j
Appointments for physical examina
tions for all new men students, for
whom such examinations are required,
have been sent out and most of these
examinations have already been com
pleted. Any new student who has not
received such a notice may, if he
wishes, make an appointment for an
examination at the Medical Adviser's
office at the men's gymnasium.
-—.—. j
Appointments for physical examina
tions for all new men students, for
whom such examinations are required,
have been sent out and most of these
examinations have already been com
pleted. Any new student who has not
received such a notice may, if he
wishes, make an appointment for an
examination at the Medical Adviser's
office at the men's gymnasium.
-—.—. j
Appointments for physical examina
tions for all new men students, for
whom such examinations are required,
have been sent out and most of these
examinations have already been com
pleted. Any new student who has not
received such a notice may, if he
wishes, make an appointment for an
examination at the Medical Adviser's
office at the men's gymnasium.
-—.—. j
Appointments for physical examina
tions for all new men students, for
whom such examinations are required,
have been sent out and most of these
examinations have already been com
pleted. Any new student who has not
received such a notice may, if he
wishes, make an appointment for an
examination at the Medical Adviser's
office at the men's gymnasium.
-—.—. j
Appointments for physical examina
tions for all new men students, for
whom such examinations are required,
have been sent out and most of these
examinations have already been com
pleted. Any new student who has not
received such a notice may, if he
wishes, make an appointment for an
examination at the Medical Adviser's
office at the men's gymnasium.
-—.—. j
Appointments for physical examina
tions for all new men students, for
whom such examinations are required,
have been sent out and most of these
examinations have already been com
pleted. Any new student who has not
received such a notice may, if he
wishes, make an appointment for an
examination at the Medical Adviser's
office at the men's gymnasium.
-—.—. j
Appointments for physical examina
tions for all new men students, for
whom such examinations are required,
have been sent out and most of these
examinations have already been com
pleted. Any new student who has not
received such a notice may, if he
wishes, make an appointment for an
examination at the Medical Adviser's
office at the men's gymnasium.
-—.—. j
Appointments for physical examina
tions for all new men students, for
whom such examinations are required,
have been sent out and most of these
examinations have already been com
pleted. Any new student who has not
received such a notice may, if he
wishes, make an appointment for an
examination at the Medical Adviser's
office at the men's gymnasium.
-—.—. j
Appointments for physical examina
tions for all new men students, for
whom such examinations are required,
have been sent out and most of these
examinations have already been com
pleted. Any new student who has not
received such a notice may, if he
wishes, make an appointment for an
examination at the Medical Adviser's
office at the men's gymnasium.
-—.—. j
Appointments for physical examina
tions for all new men students, for
whom such examinations are required,
have been sent out and most of these
examinations have already been com
pleted. Any new student who has not
received such a notice may, if he
wishes, make an appointment for an
examination at the Medical Adviser's
office at the men's gymnasium.
-—.—. j
Appointments for physical examina
tions for all new men students, for
whom such examinations are required,
have been sent out and most of these
examinations have already been com
pleted. Any new student who has not
received such a notice may, if he
wishes, make an appointment for an
examination at the Medical Adviser's
office at the men's gymnasium.
-—.—. j
Appointments for physical examina
tions for all new men students, for
whom such examinations are required,
have been sent out and most of these
examinations have already been com
pleted. Any new student who has not
received such a notice may, if he
wishes, make an appointment for an
examination at the Medical Adviser's
office at the men's gymnasium.
-—.—. j
Appointments for physical examina
tions for all new men students, for
whom such examinations are required,
have been sent out and most of these
examinations have already been com
pleted. Any new student who has not
received such a notice may, if he
wishes, make an appointment for an
examination at the Medical Adviser's
office at the men's gymnasium.
-—.—. j
