# Spanish Leader Called Imitator of Mussolini
## 
### 
"Rivera, the Spanish dictator, is but
a poor imitator of Mussolin," Ernest
Templin said in a talk before the
Spanish Club at a meeting held at the
Women's Clubhouse. Professor A. M.
•Espinosa, of the Romanic Languages
department, outlined the purposes of
the club, and E. P. Guerra, one of the
assistants in Spanish, spoke on "Con
ditions in Mexico."
"Rivera, the Spanish dictator, is but
a poor imitator of Mussolin," Ernest
Templin said in a talk before the
Spanish Club at a meeting held at the
Women's Clubhouse. Professor A. M.
•Espinosa, of the Romanic Languages
department, outlined the purposes of
the club, and E. P. Guerra, one of the
assistants in Spanish, spoke on "Con
ditions in Mexico."
"Rivera, the Spanish dictator, is but
a poor imitator of Mussolin," Ernest
Templin said in a talk before the
Spanish Club at a meeting held at the
Women's Clubhouse. Professor A. M.
•Espinosa, of the Romanic Languages
department, outlined the purposes of
the club, and E. P. Guerra, one of the
assistants in Spanish, spoke on "Con
ditions in Mexico."
"Rivera, the Spanish dictator, is but
a poor imitator of Mussolin," Ernest
Templin said in a talk before the
Spanish Club at a meeting held at the
Women's Clubhouse. Professor A. M.
•Espinosa, of the Romanic Languages
department, outlined the purposes of
the club, and E. P. Guerra, one of the
assistants in Spanish, spoke on "Con
ditions in Mexico."
"Rivera, the Spanish dictator, is but
a poor imitator of Mussolin," Ernest
Templin said in a talk before the
Spanish Club at a meeting held at the
Women's Clubhouse. Professor A. M.
•Espinosa, of the Romanic Languages
department, outlined the purposes of
the club, and E. P. Guerra, one of the
assistants in Spanish, spoke on "Con
ditions in Mexico."
"Rivera, the Spanish dictator, is but
a poor imitator of Mussolin," Ernest
Templin said in a talk before the
Spanish Club at a meeting held at the
Women's Clubhouse. Professor A. M.
•Espinosa, of the Romanic Languages
department, outlined the purposes of
the club, and E. P. Guerra, one of the
assistants in Spanish, spoke on "Con
ditions in Mexico."
"Rivera, the Spanish dictator, is but
a poor imitator of Mussolin," Ernest
Templin said in a talk before the
Spanish Club at a meeting held at the
Women's Clubhouse. Professor A. M.
•Espinosa, of the Romanic Languages
department, outlined the purposes of
the club, and E. P. Guerra, one of the
assistants in Spanish, spoke on "Con
ditions in Mexico."
"Rivera, the Spanish dictator, is but
a poor imitator of Mussolin," Ernest
Templin said in a talk before the
Spanish Club at a meeting held at the
Women's Clubhouse. Professor A. M.
•Espinosa, of the Romanic Languages
department, outlined the purposes of
the club, and E. P. Guerra, one of the
assistants in Spanish, spoke on "Con
ditions in Mexico."
"Rivera, the Spanish dictator, is but
a poor imitator of Mussolin," Ernest
Templin said in a talk before the
Spanish Club at a meeting held at the
Women's Clubhouse. Professor A. M.
•Espinosa, of the Romanic Languages
department, outlined the purposes of
the club, and E. P. Guerra, one of the
assistants in Spanish, spoke on "Con
ditions in Mexico."
"Rivera, the Spanish dictator, is but
a poor imitator of Mussolin," Ernest
Templin said in a talk before the
Spanish Club at a meeting held at the
Women's Clubhouse. Professor A. M.
•Espinosa, of the Romanic Languages
department, outlined the purposes of
the club, and E. P. Guerra, one of the
assistants in Spanish, spoke on "Con
ditions in Mexico."
"Rivera, the Spanish dictator, is but
a poor imitator of Mussolin," Ernest
Templin said in a talk before the
Spanish Club at a meeting held at the
Women's Clubhouse. Professor A. M.
•Espinosa, of the Romanic Languages
department, outlined the purposes of
the club, and E. P. Guerra, one of the
assistants in Spanish, spoke on "Con
ditions in Mexico."
"Rivera, the Spanish dictator, is but
a poor imitator of Mussolin," Ernest
Templin said in a talk before the
Spanish Club at a meeting held at the
Women's Clubhouse. Professor A. M.
•Espinosa, of the Romanic Languages
department, outlined the purposes of
the club, and E. P. Guerra, one of the
assistants in Spanish, spoke on "Con
ditions in Mexico."
"Rivera, the Spanish dictator, is but
a poor imitator of Mussolin," Ernest
Templin said in a talk before the
Spanish Club at a meeting held at the
Women's Clubhouse. Professor A. M.
•Espinosa, of the Romanic Languages
department, outlined the purposes of
the club, and E. P. Guerra, one of the
assistants in Spanish, spoke on "Con
ditions in Mexico."
"Rivera, the Spanish dictator, is but
a poor imitator of Mussolin," Ernest
Templin said in a talk before the
Spanish Club at a meeting held at the
Women's Clubhouse. Professor A. M.
•Espinosa, of the Romanic Languages
department, outlined the purposes of
the club, and E. P. Guerra, one of the
assistants in Spanish, spoke on "Con
ditions in Mexico."
"Rivera, the Spanish dictator, is but
a poor imitator of Mussolin," Ernest
Templin said in a talk before the
Spanish Club at a meeting held at the
Women's Clubhouse. Professor A. M.
•Espinosa, of the Romanic Languages
department, outlined the purposes of
the club, and E. P. Guerra, one of the
assistants in Spanish, spoke on "Con
ditions in Mexico."
"Rivera, the Spanish dictator, is but
a poor imitator of Mussolin," Ernest
Templin said in a talk before the
Spanish Club at a meeting held at the
Women's Clubhouse. Professor A. M.
•Espinosa, of the Romanic Languages
department, outlined the purposes of
the club, and E. P. Guerra, one of the
assistants in Spanish, spoke on "Con
ditions in Mexico."
