# Cast for Opera Practically Chosen.
## 
### 
The cant, of " Patience," the opera
which will be given by the Senior
class on Thursday night. May
12th, has been practically chosen,
and a full list of those who are to
take part will have been selected
by the end of this week. A try-out
for the leading soprano parts has
been held, and several very prom
ising voices have been found. The
chorus has already been selected.
The work of conducting the re
hearsals will be placed in the
hands of Mr. W. B. Bartlett, who
has had a great deal erf experience
in producing amateur perform
ances in San Francisco. He has
already expressed himself as being
highly satisfied with the progress
that has been made. Mr. Bartlett
will have full charge of both the
dramatic and musical parts of the
opera, although he will be assisted
in rounding the orchestra into
shape by M. H. Thorpe, '05.
