# Adv. 4 Page 1
## 
### 
Don’t stare at my
toes. That line
sounds pretty fam
iliar, especially to
fans of a certain
semi-recluse author.
What good old J.D.’s
favorite character
didn’t realize was
that he could have
had the comfort of
walking around bare
footed and no one
could have seen his
foes in semi-boot
Rusticos. 1 2.95 at R A
roos/atkins
Don’t stare at my
toes. That line
sounds pretty fam
iliar, especially to
fans of a certain
semi-recluse author.
What good old J.D.’s
favorite character
didn’t realize was
that he could have
had the comfort of
walking around bare
footed and no one
could have seen his
foes in semi-boot
Rusticos. 1 2.95 at R A
roos/atkins
Don’t stare at my
toes. That line
sounds pretty fam
iliar, especially to
fans of a certain
semi-recluse author.
What good old J.D.’s
favorite character
didn’t realize was
that he could have
had the comfort of
walking around bare
footed and no one
could have seen his
foes in semi-boot
Rusticos. 1 2.95 at R A
roos/atkins
Don’t stare at my
toes. That line
sounds pretty fam
iliar, especially to
fans of a certain
semi-recluse author.
What good old J.D.’s
favorite character
didn’t realize was
that he could have
had the comfort of
walking around bare
footed and no one
could have seen his
foes in semi-boot
Rusticos. 1 2.95 at R A
roos/atkins
Don’t stare at my
toes. That line
sounds pretty fam
iliar, especially to
fans of a certain
semi-recluse author.
What good old J.D.’s
favorite character
didn’t realize was
that he could have
had the comfort of
walking around bare
footed and no one
could have seen his
foes in semi-boot
Rusticos. 1 2.95 at R A
roos/atkins
Don’t stare at my
toes. That line
sounds pretty fam
iliar, especially to
fans of a certain
semi-recluse author.
What good old J.D.’s
favorite character
didn’t realize was
that he could have
had the comfort of
walking around bare
footed and no one
could have seen his
foes in semi-boot
Rusticos. 1 2.95 at R A
roos/atkins
Don’t stare at my
toes. That line
sounds pretty fam
iliar, especially to
fans of a certain
semi-recluse author.
What good old J.D.’s
favorite character
didn’t realize was
that he could have
had the comfort of
walking around bare
footed and no one
could have seen his
foes in semi-boot
Rusticos. 1 2.95 at R A
roos/atkins
Don’t stare at my
toes. That line
sounds pretty fam
iliar, especially to
fans of a certain
semi-recluse author.
What good old J.D.’s
favorite character
didn’t realize was
that he could have
had the comfort of
walking around bare
footed and no one
could have seen his
foes in semi-boot
Rusticos. 1 2.95 at R A
roos/atkins
Don’t stare at my
toes. That line
sounds pretty fam
iliar, especially to
fans of a certain
semi-recluse author.
What good old J.D.’s
favorite character
didn’t realize was
that he could have
had the comfort of
walking around bare
footed and no one
could have seen his
foes in semi-boot
Rusticos. 1 2.95 at R A
roos/atkins
Don’t stare at my
toes. That line
sounds pretty fam
iliar, especially to
fans of a certain
semi-recluse author.
What good old J.D.’s
favorite character
didn’t realize was
that he could have
had the comfort of
walking around bare
footed and no one
could have seen his
foes in semi-boot
Rusticos. 1 2.95 at R A
roos/atkins
Don’t stare at my
toes. That line
sounds pretty fam
iliar, especially to
fans of a certain
semi-recluse author.
What good old J.D.’s
favorite character
didn’t realize was
that he could have
had the comfort of
walking around bare
footed and no one
could have seen his
foes in semi-boot
Rusticos. 1 2.95 at R A
roos/atkins
Don’t stare at my
toes. That line
sounds pretty fam
iliar, especially to
fans of a certain
semi-recluse author.
What good old J.D.’s
favorite character
didn’t realize was
that he could have
had the comfort of
walking around bare
footed and no one
could have seen his
foes in semi-boot
Rusticos. 1 2.95 at R A
roos/atkins
Don’t stare at my
toes. That line
sounds pretty fam
iliar, especially to
fans of a certain
semi-recluse author.
What good old J.D.’s
favorite character
didn’t realize was
that he could have
had the comfort of
walking around bare
footed and no one
could have seen his
foes in semi-boot
Rusticos. 1 2.95 at R A
roos/atkins
Don’t stare at my
toes. That line
sounds pretty fam
iliar, especially to
fans of a certain
semi-recluse author.
What good old J.D.’s
favorite character
didn’t realize was
that he could have
had the comfort of
walking around bare
footed and no one
could have seen his
foes in semi-boot
Rusticos. 1 2.95 at R A
roos/atkins
Don’t stare at my
toes. That line
sounds pretty fam
iliar, especially to
fans of a certain
semi-recluse author.
What good old J.D.’s
favorite character
didn’t realize was
that he could have
had the comfort of
walking around bare
footed and no one
could have seen his
foes in semi-boot
Rusticos. 1 2.95 at R A
roos/atkins
Don’t stare at my
toes. That line
sounds pretty fam
iliar, especially to
fans of a certain
semi-recluse author.
What good old J.D.’s
favorite character
didn’t realize was
that he could have
had the comfort of
walking around bare
footed and no one
could have seen his
foes in semi-boot
Rusticos. 1 2.95 at R A
roos/atkins
Don’t stare at my
toes. That line
sounds pretty fam
iliar, especially to
fans of a certain
semi-recluse author.
What good old J.D.’s
favorite character
didn’t realize was
that he could have
had the comfort of
walking around bare
footed and no one
could have seen his
foes in semi-boot
Rusticos. 1 2.95 at R A
roos/atkins
