# LETTERS RULES
## 
### 
The Daily Is happy to receive
letters to the editor, but to stand
a chance of appearing in the pa
per, they must meet the following
qualifications:
Letters must be brought to the
Daily Sliack in person and the
signature on the letter checked
with the signature on the student
body card of the person who sub
mits the letter. No mail letters
will be accepted.

Letters exceeding 300 words
are subject to editing to reduce
them to that length, and probably
won’t lie printed. Typed letters
are preferred.
The Daily Is happy to receive
letters to the editor, but to stand
a chance of appearing in the pa
per, they must meet the following
qualifications:
Letters must be brought to the
Daily Sliack in person and the
signature on the letter checked
with the signature on the student
body card of the person who sub
mits the letter. No mail letters
will be accepted.

Letters exceeding 300 words
are subject to editing to reduce
them to that length, and probably
won’t lie printed. Typed letters
are preferred.
The Daily Is happy to receive
letters to the editor, but to stand
a chance of appearing in the pa
per, they must meet the following
qualifications:
Letters must be brought to the
Daily Sliack in person and the
signature on the letter checked
with the signature on the student
body card of the person who sub
mits the letter. No mail letters
will be accepted.

Letters exceeding 300 words
are subject to editing to reduce
them to that length, and probably
won’t lie printed. Typed letters
are preferred.
The Daily Is happy to receive
letters to the editor, but to stand
a chance of appearing in the pa
per, they must meet the following
qualifications:
Letters must be brought to the
Daily Sliack in person and the
signature on the letter checked
with the signature on the student
body card of the person who sub
mits the letter. No mail letters
will be accepted.

Letters exceeding 300 words
are subject to editing to reduce
them to that length, and probably
won’t lie printed. Typed letters
are preferred.
The Daily Is happy to receive
letters to the editor, but to stand
a chance of appearing in the pa
per, they must meet the following
qualifications:
Letters must be brought to the
Daily Sliack in person and the
signature on the letter checked
with the signature on the student
body card of the person who sub
mits the letter. No mail letters
will be accepted.

Letters exceeding 300 words
are subject to editing to reduce
them to that length, and probably
won’t lie printed. Typed letters
are preferred.
The Daily Is happy to receive
letters to the editor, but to stand
a chance of appearing in the pa
per, they must meet the following
qualifications:
Letters must be brought to the
Daily Sliack in person and the
signature on the letter checked
with the signature on the student
body card of the person who sub
mits the letter. No mail letters
will be accepted.

Letters exceeding 300 words
are subject to editing to reduce
them to that length, and probably
won’t lie printed. Typed letters
are preferred.
The Daily Is happy to receive
letters to the editor, but to stand
a chance of appearing in the pa
per, they must meet the following
qualifications:
Letters must be brought to the
Daily Sliack in person and the
signature on the letter checked
with the signature on the student
body card of the person who sub
mits the letter. No mail letters
will be accepted.

Letters exceeding 300 words
are subject to editing to reduce
them to that length, and probably
won’t lie printed. Typed letters
are preferred.
The Daily Is happy to receive
letters to the editor, but to stand
a chance of appearing in the pa
per, they must meet the following
qualifications:
Letters must be brought to the
Daily Sliack in person and the
signature on the letter checked
with the signature on the student
body card of the person who sub
mits the letter. No mail letters
will be accepted.

Letters exceeding 300 words
are subject to editing to reduce
them to that length, and probably
won’t lie printed. Typed letters
are preferred.
The Daily Is happy to receive
letters to the editor, but to stand
a chance of appearing in the pa
per, they must meet the following
qualifications:
Letters must be brought to the
Daily Sliack in person and the
signature on the letter checked
with the signature on the student
body card of the person who sub
mits the letter. No mail letters
will be accepted.

Letters exceeding 300 words
are subject to editing to reduce
them to that length, and probably
won’t lie printed. Typed letters
are preferred.
The Daily Is happy to receive
letters to the editor, but to stand
a chance of appearing in the pa
per, they must meet the following
qualifications:
Letters must be brought to the
Daily Sliack in person and the
signature on the letter checked
with the signature on the student
body card of the person who sub
mits the letter. No mail letters
will be accepted.

Letters exceeding 300 words
are subject to editing to reduce
them to that length, and probably
won’t lie printed. Typed letters
are preferred.
The Daily Is happy to receive
letters to the editor, but to stand
a chance of appearing in the pa
per, they must meet the following
qualifications:
Letters must be brought to the
Daily Sliack in person and the
signature on the letter checked
with the signature on the student
body card of the person who sub
mits the letter. No mail letters
will be accepted.

Letters exceeding 300 words
are subject to editing to reduce
them to that length, and probably
won’t lie printed. Typed letters
are preferred.
The Daily Is happy to receive
letters to the editor, but to stand
a chance of appearing in the pa
per, they must meet the following
qualifications:
Letters must be brought to the
Daily Sliack in person and the
signature on the letter checked
with the signature on the student
body card of the person who sub
mits the letter. No mail letters
will be accepted.

Letters exceeding 300 words
are subject to editing to reduce
them to that length, and probably
won’t lie printed. Typed letters
are preferred.
The Daily Is happy to receive
letters to the editor, but to stand
a chance of appearing in the pa
per, they must meet the following
qualifications:
Letters must be brought to the
Daily Sliack in person and the
signature on the letter checked
with the signature on the student
body card of the person who sub
mits the letter. No mail letters
will be accepted.

Letters exceeding 300 words
are subject to editing to reduce
them to that length, and probably
won’t lie printed. Typed letters
are preferred.
The Daily Is happy to receive
letters to the editor, but to stand
a chance of appearing in the pa
per, they must meet the following
qualifications:
Letters must be brought to the
Daily Sliack in person and the
signature on the letter checked
with the signature on the student
body card of the person who sub
mits the letter. No mail letters
will be accepted.

Letters exceeding 300 words
are subject to editing to reduce
them to that length, and probably
won’t lie printed. Typed letters
are preferred.
The Daily Is happy to receive
letters to the editor, but to stand
a chance of appearing in the pa
per, they must meet the following
qualifications:
Letters must be brought to the
Daily Sliack in person and the
signature on the letter checked
with the signature on the student
body card of the person who sub
mits the letter. No mail letters
will be accepted.

Letters exceeding 300 words
are subject to editing to reduce
them to that length, and probably
won’t lie printed. Typed letters
are preferred.
The Daily Is happy to receive
letters to the editor, but to stand
a chance of appearing in the pa
per, they must meet the following
qualifications:
Letters must be brought to the
Daily Sliack in person and the
signature on the letter checked
with the signature on the student
body card of the person who sub
mits the letter. No mail letters
will be accepted.

Letters exceeding 300 words
are subject to editing to reduce
them to that length, and probably
won’t lie printed. Typed letters
are preferred.
The Daily Is happy to receive
letters to the editor, but to stand
a chance of appearing in the pa
per, they must meet the following
qualifications:
Letters must be brought to the
Daily Sliack in person and the
signature on the letter checked
with the signature on the student
body card of the person who sub
mits the letter. No mail letters
will be accepted.

Letters exceeding 300 words
are subject to editing to reduce
them to that length, and probably
won’t lie printed. Typed letters
are preferred.
