# Film Versions Of HUAC Riots Shown Today
## 
### 
Two films giving contradictory
accounts of the House Un-Ameri
can Activities Committee riot of
May, 1960 will be shown this aft
ernoon at 4:15 in Memorial Audi
torium.
‘‘Operation Abolition” and ‘‘Op
eration Correction,” sponsored by
El Campo, show the same film
footage in the same sequence of
events, but the narration of “Op
eration Correction” is entirely
new.
ERNEST BESIG of the Ameri
can Civil Liberties Union nar
rates “Operation Correction” in
such away as to make the same
film contradict the impressions
given by “Operation Abolition,”
the HUAC’s version of the San
Francisco riot. Committee chair
man Francis Walter, D-Pa„ nar
rates that version.
Besig’s narration contends that
the narration of the HUAC film
was designed to give the false im
pression that all committee op
ponents are either Communists
or, at best, Communist dupes.
Contradicting the Walter’s al
legation Besig says: “Yes, some
Americans have been duped, but
in this case the duping has been
done by the House committee.”
Besig suggests that the dis
turbances occurring days before
the riot were arranged in “Oper
ation Abolition” as if (hey imme
diately preceded the riot. Further
more. he contends that primary
responsibility for the riot rests
with the committee and the San
Francisco police, who turned fire
hoses on the demonstrators.

Each film is approximately 45
minutes long. Admission will be
free.
Two films giving contradictory
accounts of the House Un-Ameri
can Activities Committee riot of
May, 1960 will be shown this aft
ernoon at 4:15 in Memorial Audi
torium.
‘‘Operation Abolition” and ‘‘Op
eration Correction,” sponsored by
El Campo, show the same film
footage in the same sequence of
events, but the narration of “Op
eration Correction” is entirely
new.
ERNEST BESIG of the Ameri
can Civil Liberties Union nar
rates “Operation Correction” in
such away as to make the same
film contradict the impressions
given by “Operation Abolition,”
the HUAC’s version of the San
Francisco riot. Committee chair
man Francis Walter, D-Pa„ nar
rates that version.
Besig’s narration contends that
the narration of the HUAC film
was designed to give the false im
pression that all committee op
ponents are either Communists
or, at best, Communist dupes.
Contradicting the Walter’s al
legation Besig says: “Yes, some
Americans have been duped, but
in this case the duping has been
done by the House committee.”
Besig suggests that the dis
turbances occurring days before
the riot were arranged in “Oper
ation Abolition” as if (hey imme
diately preceded the riot. Further
more. he contends that primary
responsibility for the riot rests
with the committee and the San
Francisco police, who turned fire
hoses on the demonstrators.

Each film is approximately 45
minutes long. Admission will be
free.
Two films giving contradictory
accounts of the House Un-Ameri
can Activities Committee riot of
May, 1960 will be shown this aft
ernoon at 4:15 in Memorial Audi
torium.
‘‘Operation Abolition” and ‘‘Op
eration Correction,” sponsored by
El Campo, show the same film
footage in the same sequence of
events, but the narration of “Op
eration Correction” is entirely
new.
ERNEST BESIG of the Ameri
can Civil Liberties Union nar
rates “Operation Correction” in
such away as to make the same
film contradict the impressions
given by “Operation Abolition,”
the HUAC’s version of the San
Francisco riot. Committee chair
man Francis Walter, D-Pa„ nar
rates that version.
Besig’s narration contends that
the narration of the HUAC film
was designed to give the false im
pression that all committee op
ponents are either Communists
or, at best, Communist dupes.
Contradicting the Walter’s al
legation Besig says: “Yes, some
Americans have been duped, but
in this case the duping has been
done by the House committee.”
Besig suggests that the dis
turbances occurring days before
the riot were arranged in “Oper
ation Abolition” as if (hey imme
diately preceded the riot. Further
more. he contends that primary
responsibility for the riot rests
with the committee and the San
Francisco police, who turned fire
hoses on the demonstrators.

Each film is approximately 45
minutes long. Admission will be
free.
Two films giving contradictory
accounts of the House Un-Ameri
can Activities Committee riot of
May, 1960 will be shown this aft
ernoon at 4:15 in Memorial Audi
torium.
‘‘Operation Abolition” and ‘‘Op
eration Correction,” sponsored by
El Campo, show the same film
footage in the same sequence of
events, but the narration of “Op
eration Correction” is entirely
new.
ERNEST BESIG of the Ameri
can Civil Liberties Union nar
rates “Operation Correction” in
such away as to make the same
film contradict the impressions
given by “Operation Abolition,”
the HUAC’s version of the San
Francisco riot. Committee chair
man Francis Walter, D-Pa„ nar
rates that version.
Besig’s narration contends that
the narration of the HUAC film
was designed to give the false im
pression that all committee op
ponents are either Communists
or, at best, Communist dupes.
Contradicting the Walter’s al
legation Besig says: “Yes, some
Americans have been duped, but
in this case the duping has been
done by the House committee.”
Besig suggests that the dis
turbances occurring days before
the riot were arranged in “Oper
ation Abolition” as if (hey imme
diately preceded the riot. Further
more. he contends that primary
responsibility for the riot rests
with the committee and the San
Francisco police, who turned fire
hoses on the demonstrators.

Each film is approximately 45
minutes long. Admission will be
free.
Two films giving contradictory
accounts of the House Un-Ameri
can Activities Committee riot of
May, 1960 will be shown this aft
ernoon at 4:15 in Memorial Audi
torium.
‘‘Operation Abolition” and ‘‘Op
eration Correction,” sponsored by
El Campo, show the same film
footage in the same sequence of
events, but the narration of “Op
eration Correction” is entirely
new.
ERNEST BESIG of the Ameri
can Civil Liberties Union nar
rates “Operation Correction” in
such away as to make the same
film contradict the impressions
given by “Operation Abolition,”
the HUAC’s version of the San
Francisco riot. Committee chair
man Francis Walter, D-Pa„ nar
rates that version.
Besig’s narration contends that
the narration of the HUAC film
was designed to give the false im
pression that all committee op
ponents are either Communists
or, at best, Communist dupes.
Contradicting the Walter’s al
legation Besig says: “Yes, some
Americans have been duped, but
in this case the duping has been
done by the House committee.”
Besig suggests that the dis
turbances occurring days before
the riot were arranged in “Oper
ation Abolition” as if (hey imme
diately preceded the riot. Further
more. he contends that primary
responsibility for the riot rests
with the committee and the San
Francisco police, who turned fire
hoses on the demonstrators.

Each film is approximately 45
minutes long. Admission will be
free.
Two films giving contradictory
accounts of the House Un-Ameri
can Activities Committee riot of
May, 1960 will be shown this aft
ernoon at 4:15 in Memorial Audi
torium.
‘‘Operation Abolition” and ‘‘Op
eration Correction,” sponsored by
El Campo, show the same film
footage in the same sequence of
events, but the narration of “Op
eration Correction” is entirely
new.
ERNEST BESIG of the Ameri
can Civil Liberties Union nar
rates “Operation Correction” in
such away as to make the same
film contradict the impressions
given by “Operation Abolition,”
the HUAC’s version of the San
Francisco riot. Committee chair
man Francis Walter, D-Pa„ nar
rates that version.
Besig’s narration contends that
the narration of the HUAC film
was designed to give the false im
pression that all committee op
ponents are either Communists
or, at best, Communist dupes.
Contradicting the Walter’s al
legation Besig says: “Yes, some
Americans have been duped, but
in this case the duping has been
done by the House committee.”
Besig suggests that the dis
turbances occurring days before
the riot were arranged in “Oper
ation Abolition” as if (hey imme
diately preceded the riot. Further
more. he contends that primary
responsibility for the riot rests
with the committee and the San
Francisco police, who turned fire
hoses on the demonstrators.

Each film is approximately 45
minutes long. Admission will be
free.
Two films giving contradictory
accounts of the House Un-Ameri
can Activities Committee riot of
May, 1960 will be shown this aft
ernoon at 4:15 in Memorial Audi
torium.
‘‘Operation Abolition” and ‘‘Op
eration Correction,” sponsored by
El Campo, show the same film
footage in the same sequence of
events, but the narration of “Op
eration Correction” is entirely
new.
ERNEST BESIG of the Ameri
can Civil Liberties Union nar
rates “Operation Correction” in
such away as to make the same
film contradict the impressions
given by “Operation Abolition,”
the HUAC’s version of the San
Francisco riot. Committee chair
man Francis Walter, D-Pa„ nar
rates that version.
Besig’s narration contends that
the narration of the HUAC film
was designed to give the false im
pression that all committee op
ponents are either Communists
or, at best, Communist dupes.
Contradicting the Walter’s al
legation Besig says: “Yes, some
Americans have been duped, but
in this case the duping has been
done by the House committee.”
Besig suggests that the dis
turbances occurring days before
the riot were arranged in “Oper
ation Abolition” as if (hey imme
diately preceded the riot. Further
more. he contends that primary
responsibility for the riot rests
with the committee and the San
Francisco police, who turned fire
hoses on the demonstrators.

Each film is approximately 45
minutes long. Admission will be
free.
Two films giving contradictory
accounts of the House Un-Ameri
can Activities Committee riot of
May, 1960 will be shown this aft
ernoon at 4:15 in Memorial Audi
torium.
‘‘Operation Abolition” and ‘‘Op
eration Correction,” sponsored by
El Campo, show the same film
footage in the same sequence of
events, but the narration of “Op
eration Correction” is entirely
new.
ERNEST BESIG of the Ameri
can Civil Liberties Union nar
rates “Operation Correction” in
such away as to make the same
film contradict the impressions
given by “Operation Abolition,”
the HUAC’s version of the San
Francisco riot. Committee chair
man Francis Walter, D-Pa„ nar
rates that version.
Besig’s narration contends that
the narration of the HUAC film
was designed to give the false im
pression that all committee op
ponents are either Communists
or, at best, Communist dupes.
Contradicting the Walter’s al
legation Besig says: “Yes, some
Americans have been duped, but
in this case the duping has been
done by the House committee.”
Besig suggests that the dis
turbances occurring days before
the riot were arranged in “Oper
ation Abolition” as if (hey imme
diately preceded the riot. Further
more. he contends that primary
responsibility for the riot rests
with the committee and the San
Francisco police, who turned fire
hoses on the demonstrators.

Each film is approximately 45
minutes long. Admission will be
free.
Two films giving contradictory
accounts of the House Un-Ameri
can Activities Committee riot of
May, 1960 will be shown this aft
ernoon at 4:15 in Memorial Audi
torium.
‘‘Operation Abolition” and ‘‘Op
eration Correction,” sponsored by
El Campo, show the same film
footage in the same sequence of
events, but the narration of “Op
eration Correction” is entirely
new.
ERNEST BESIG of the Ameri
can Civil Liberties Union nar
rates “Operation Correction” in
such away as to make the same
film contradict the impressions
given by “Operation Abolition,”
the HUAC’s version of the San
Francisco riot. Committee chair
man Francis Walter, D-Pa„ nar
rates that version.
Besig’s narration contends that
the narration of the HUAC film
was designed to give the false im
pression that all committee op
ponents are either Communists
or, at best, Communist dupes.
Contradicting the Walter’s al
legation Besig says: “Yes, some
Americans have been duped, but
in this case the duping has been
done by the House committee.”
Besig suggests that the dis
turbances occurring days before
the riot were arranged in “Oper
ation Abolition” as if (hey imme
diately preceded the riot. Further
more. he contends that primary
responsibility for the riot rests
with the committee and the San
Francisco police, who turned fire
hoses on the demonstrators.

Each film is approximately 45
minutes long. Admission will be
free.
Two films giving contradictory
accounts of the House Un-Ameri
can Activities Committee riot of
May, 1960 will be shown this aft
ernoon at 4:15 in Memorial Audi
torium.
‘‘Operation Abolition” and ‘‘Op
eration Correction,” sponsored by
El Campo, show the same film
footage in the same sequence of
events, but the narration of “Op
eration Correction” is entirely
new.
ERNEST BESIG of the Ameri
can Civil Liberties Union nar
rates “Operation Correction” in
such away as to make the same
film contradict the impressions
given by “Operation Abolition,”
the HUAC’s version of the San
Francisco riot. Committee chair
man Francis Walter, D-Pa„ nar
rates that version.
Besig’s narration contends that
the narration of the HUAC film
was designed to give the false im
pression that all committee op
ponents are either Communists
or, at best, Communist dupes.
Contradicting the Walter’s al
legation Besig says: “Yes, some
Americans have been duped, but
in this case the duping has been
done by the House committee.”
Besig suggests that the dis
turbances occurring days before
the riot were arranged in “Oper
ation Abolition” as if (hey imme
diately preceded the riot. Further
more. he contends that primary
responsibility for the riot rests
with the committee and the San
Francisco police, who turned fire
hoses on the demonstrators.

Each film is approximately 45
minutes long. Admission will be
free.
Two films giving contradictory
accounts of the House Un-Ameri
can Activities Committee riot of
May, 1960 will be shown this aft
ernoon at 4:15 in Memorial Audi
torium.
‘‘Operation Abolition” and ‘‘Op
eration Correction,” sponsored by
El Campo, show the same film
footage in the same sequence of
events, but the narration of “Op
eration Correction” is entirely
new.
ERNEST BESIG of the Ameri
can Civil Liberties Union nar
rates “Operation Correction” in
such away as to make the same
film contradict the impressions
given by “Operation Abolition,”
the HUAC’s version of the San
Francisco riot. Committee chair
man Francis Walter, D-Pa„ nar
rates that version.
Besig’s narration contends that
the narration of the HUAC film
was designed to give the false im
pression that all committee op
ponents are either Communists
or, at best, Communist dupes.
Contradicting the Walter’s al
legation Besig says: “Yes, some
Americans have been duped, but
in this case the duping has been
done by the House committee.”
Besig suggests that the dis
turbances occurring days before
the riot were arranged in “Oper
ation Abolition” as if (hey imme
diately preceded the riot. Further
more. he contends that primary
responsibility for the riot rests
with the committee and the San
Francisco police, who turned fire
hoses on the demonstrators.

Each film is approximately 45
minutes long. Admission will be
free.
Two films giving contradictory
accounts of the House Un-Ameri
can Activities Committee riot of
May, 1960 will be shown this aft
ernoon at 4:15 in Memorial Audi
torium.
‘‘Operation Abolition” and ‘‘Op
eration Correction,” sponsored by
El Campo, show the same film
footage in the same sequence of
events, but the narration of “Op
eration Correction” is entirely
new.
ERNEST BESIG of the Ameri
can Civil Liberties Union nar
rates “Operation Correction” in
such away as to make the same
film contradict the impressions
given by “Operation Abolition,”
the HUAC’s version of the San
Francisco riot. Committee chair
man Francis Walter, D-Pa„ nar
rates that version.
Besig’s narration contends that
the narration of the HUAC film
was designed to give the false im
pression that all committee op
ponents are either Communists
or, at best, Communist dupes.
Contradicting the Walter’s al
legation Besig says: “Yes, some
Americans have been duped, but
in this case the duping has been
done by the House committee.”
Besig suggests that the dis
turbances occurring days before
the riot were arranged in “Oper
ation Abolition” as if (hey imme
diately preceded the riot. Further
more. he contends that primary
responsibility for the riot rests
with the committee and the San
Francisco police, who turned fire
hoses on the demonstrators.

Each film is approximately 45
minutes long. Admission will be
free.
Two films giving contradictory
accounts of the House Un-Ameri
can Activities Committee riot of
May, 1960 will be shown this aft
ernoon at 4:15 in Memorial Audi
torium.
‘‘Operation Abolition” and ‘‘Op
eration Correction,” sponsored by
El Campo, show the same film
footage in the same sequence of
events, but the narration of “Op
eration Correction” is entirely
new.
ERNEST BESIG of the Ameri
can Civil Liberties Union nar
rates “Operation Correction” in
such away as to make the same
film contradict the impressions
given by “Operation Abolition,”
the HUAC’s version of the San
Francisco riot. Committee chair
man Francis Walter, D-Pa„ nar
rates that version.
Besig’s narration contends that
the narration of the HUAC film
was designed to give the false im
pression that all committee op
ponents are either Communists
or, at best, Communist dupes.
Contradicting the Walter’s al
legation Besig says: “Yes, some
Americans have been duped, but
in this case the duping has been
done by the House committee.”
Besig suggests that the dis
turbances occurring days before
the riot were arranged in “Oper
ation Abolition” as if (hey imme
diately preceded the riot. Further
more. he contends that primary
responsibility for the riot rests
with the committee and the San
Francisco police, who turned fire
hoses on the demonstrators.

Each film is approximately 45
minutes long. Admission will be
free.
Two films giving contradictory
accounts of the House Un-Ameri
can Activities Committee riot of
May, 1960 will be shown this aft
ernoon at 4:15 in Memorial Audi
torium.
‘‘Operation Abolition” and ‘‘Op
eration Correction,” sponsored by
El Campo, show the same film
footage in the same sequence of
events, but the narration of “Op
eration Correction” is entirely
new.
ERNEST BESIG of the Ameri
can Civil Liberties Union nar
rates “Operation Correction” in
such away as to make the same
film contradict the impressions
given by “Operation Abolition,”
the HUAC’s version of the San
Francisco riot. Committee chair
man Francis Walter, D-Pa„ nar
rates that version.
Besig’s narration contends that
the narration of the HUAC film
was designed to give the false im
pression that all committee op
ponents are either Communists
or, at best, Communist dupes.
Contradicting the Walter’s al
legation Besig says: “Yes, some
Americans have been duped, but
in this case the duping has been
done by the House committee.”
Besig suggests that the dis
turbances occurring days before
the riot were arranged in “Oper
ation Abolition” as if (hey imme
diately preceded the riot. Further
more. he contends that primary
responsibility for the riot rests
with the committee and the San
Francisco police, who turned fire
hoses on the demonstrators.

Each film is approximately 45
minutes long. Admission will be
free.
Two films giving contradictory
accounts of the House Un-Ameri
can Activities Committee riot of
May, 1960 will be shown this aft
ernoon at 4:15 in Memorial Audi
torium.
‘‘Operation Abolition” and ‘‘Op
eration Correction,” sponsored by
El Campo, show the same film
footage in the same sequence of
events, but the narration of “Op
eration Correction” is entirely
new.
ERNEST BESIG of the Ameri
can Civil Liberties Union nar
rates “Operation Correction” in
such away as to make the same
film contradict the impressions
given by “Operation Abolition,”
the HUAC’s version of the San
Francisco riot. Committee chair
man Francis Walter, D-Pa„ nar
rates that version.
Besig’s narration contends that
the narration of the HUAC film
was designed to give the false im
pression that all committee op
ponents are either Communists
or, at best, Communist dupes.
Contradicting the Walter’s al
legation Besig says: “Yes, some
Americans have been duped, but
in this case the duping has been
done by the House committee.”
Besig suggests that the dis
turbances occurring days before
the riot were arranged in “Oper
ation Abolition” as if (hey imme
diately preceded the riot. Further
more. he contends that primary
responsibility for the riot rests
with the committee and the San
Francisco police, who turned fire
hoses on the demonstrators.

Each film is approximately 45
minutes long. Admission will be
free.
Two films giving contradictory
accounts of the House Un-Ameri
can Activities Committee riot of
May, 1960 will be shown this aft
ernoon at 4:15 in Memorial Audi
torium.
‘‘Operation Abolition” and ‘‘Op
eration Correction,” sponsored by
El Campo, show the same film
footage in the same sequence of
events, but the narration of “Op
eration Correction” is entirely
new.
ERNEST BESIG of the Ameri
can Civil Liberties Union nar
rates “Operation Correction” in
such away as to make the same
film contradict the impressions
given by “Operation Abolition,”
the HUAC’s version of the San
Francisco riot. Committee chair
man Francis Walter, D-Pa„ nar
rates that version.
Besig’s narration contends that
the narration of the HUAC film
was designed to give the false im
pression that all committee op
ponents are either Communists
or, at best, Communist dupes.
Contradicting the Walter’s al
legation Besig says: “Yes, some
Americans have been duped, but
in this case the duping has been
done by the House committee.”
Besig suggests that the dis
turbances occurring days before
the riot were arranged in “Oper
ation Abolition” as if (hey imme
diately preceded the riot. Further
more. he contends that primary
responsibility for the riot rests
with the committee and the San
Francisco police, who turned fire
hoses on the demonstrators.

Each film is approximately 45
minutes long. Admission will be
free.
Two films giving contradictory
accounts of the House Un-Ameri
can Activities Committee riot of
May, 1960 will be shown this aft
ernoon at 4:15 in Memorial Audi
torium.
‘‘Operation Abolition” and ‘‘Op
eration Correction,” sponsored by
El Campo, show the same film
footage in the same sequence of
events, but the narration of “Op
eration Correction” is entirely
new.
ERNEST BESIG of the Ameri
can Civil Liberties Union nar
rates “Operation Correction” in
such away as to make the same
film contradict the impressions
given by “Operation Abolition,”
the HUAC’s version of the San
Francisco riot. Committee chair
man Francis Walter, D-Pa„ nar
rates that version.
Besig’s narration contends that
the narration of the HUAC film
was designed to give the false im
pression that all committee op
ponents are either Communists
or, at best, Communist dupes.
Contradicting the Walter’s al
legation Besig says: “Yes, some
Americans have been duped, but
in this case the duping has been
done by the House committee.”
Besig suggests that the dis
turbances occurring days before
the riot were arranged in “Oper
ation Abolition” as if (hey imme
diately preceded the riot. Further
more. he contends that primary
responsibility for the riot rests
with the committee and the San
Francisco police, who turned fire
hoses on the demonstrators.

Each film is approximately 45
minutes long. Admission will be
free.
