# Maloney Gives Tunny Awards
## 
### 
Seven Stanford boxers have been
named to receive the Gene Tunney
award, Harry Maloney, Director o
Minor Sports, has announced.
Featherweight Vic Woolcot, light
weight Bob Cole, welters Mai Myn
derse and John Levy, middleweiglr
Jack Reynolds, light-heavy Ross
Dana, and heavyweight Dick Peh!
will receive the coveted medals.
Gene Tunney established the award
in 1927, to be awarded to those mem
bers of Harry Maloney's boxing
teams ranking highest in boxing
ability, scholarship, character aiu
attitude, sportsmanship, and leader
ship. This is the sixteenth year tha'
the former world's heavyweigh
champion's awards have been pre
sented.
Hy Hebert, captain of this year's
boxing squad, was awarded the Tun
ney medal last year.
The winners were named by Ma
loney and boxing coach Vic Lind
skoe.
Seven Stanford boxers have been
named to receive the Gene Tunney
award, Harry Maloney, Director o
Minor Sports, has announced.
Featherweight Vic Woolcot, light
weight Bob Cole, welters Mai Myn
derse and John Levy, middleweiglr
Jack Reynolds, light-heavy Ross
Dana, and heavyweight Dick Peh!
will receive the coveted medals.
Gene Tunney established the award
in 1927, to be awarded to those mem
bers of Harry Maloney's boxing
teams ranking highest in boxing
ability, scholarship, character aiu
attitude, sportsmanship, and leader
ship. This is the sixteenth year tha'
the former world's heavyweigh
champion's awards have been pre
sented.
Hy Hebert, captain of this year's
boxing squad, was awarded the Tun
ney medal last year.
The winners were named by Ma
loney and boxing coach Vic Lind
skoe.
Seven Stanford boxers have been
named to receive the Gene Tunney
award, Harry Maloney, Director o
Minor Sports, has announced.
Featherweight Vic Woolcot, light
weight Bob Cole, welters Mai Myn
derse and John Levy, middleweiglr
Jack Reynolds, light-heavy Ross
Dana, and heavyweight Dick Peh!
will receive the coveted medals.
Gene Tunney established the award
in 1927, to be awarded to those mem
bers of Harry Maloney's boxing
teams ranking highest in boxing
ability, scholarship, character aiu
attitude, sportsmanship, and leader
ship. This is the sixteenth year tha'
the former world's heavyweigh
champion's awards have been pre
sented.
Hy Hebert, captain of this year's
boxing squad, was awarded the Tun
ney medal last year.
The winners were named by Ma
loney and boxing coach Vic Lind
skoe.
Seven Stanford boxers have been
named to receive the Gene Tunney
award, Harry Maloney, Director o
Minor Sports, has announced.
Featherweight Vic Woolcot, light
weight Bob Cole, welters Mai Myn
derse and John Levy, middleweiglr
Jack Reynolds, light-heavy Ross
Dana, and heavyweight Dick Peh!
will receive the coveted medals.
Gene Tunney established the award
in 1927, to be awarded to those mem
bers of Harry Maloney's boxing
teams ranking highest in boxing
ability, scholarship, character aiu
attitude, sportsmanship, and leader
ship. This is the sixteenth year tha'
the former world's heavyweigh
champion's awards have been pre
sented.
Hy Hebert, captain of this year's
boxing squad, was awarded the Tun
ney medal last year.
The winners were named by Ma
loney and boxing coach Vic Lind
skoe.
Seven Stanford boxers have been
named to receive the Gene Tunney
award, Harry Maloney, Director o
Minor Sports, has announced.
Featherweight Vic Woolcot, light
weight Bob Cole, welters Mai Myn
derse and John Levy, middleweiglr
Jack Reynolds, light-heavy Ross
Dana, and heavyweight Dick Peh!
will receive the coveted medals.
Gene Tunney established the award
in 1927, to be awarded to those mem
bers of Harry Maloney's boxing
teams ranking highest in boxing
ability, scholarship, character aiu
attitude, sportsmanship, and leader
ship. This is the sixteenth year tha'
the former world's heavyweigh
champion's awards have been pre
sented.
Hy Hebert, captain of this year's
boxing squad, was awarded the Tun
ney medal last year.
The winners were named by Ma
loney and boxing coach Vic Lind
skoe.
Seven Stanford boxers have been
named to receive the Gene Tunney
award, Harry Maloney, Director o
Minor Sports, has announced.
Featherweight Vic Woolcot, light
weight Bob Cole, welters Mai Myn
derse and John Levy, middleweiglr
Jack Reynolds, light-heavy Ross
Dana, and heavyweight Dick Peh!
will receive the coveted medals.
Gene Tunney established the award
in 1927, to be awarded to those mem
bers of Harry Maloney's boxing
teams ranking highest in boxing
ability, scholarship, character aiu
attitude, sportsmanship, and leader
ship. This is the sixteenth year tha'
the former world's heavyweigh
champion's awards have been pre
sented.
Hy Hebert, captain of this year's
boxing squad, was awarded the Tun
ney medal last year.
The winners were named by Ma
loney and boxing coach Vic Lind
skoe.
Seven Stanford boxers have been
named to receive the Gene Tunney
award, Harry Maloney, Director o
Minor Sports, has announced.
Featherweight Vic Woolcot, light
weight Bob Cole, welters Mai Myn
derse and John Levy, middleweiglr
Jack Reynolds, light-heavy Ross
Dana, and heavyweight Dick Peh!
will receive the coveted medals.
Gene Tunney established the award
in 1927, to be awarded to those mem
bers of Harry Maloney's boxing
teams ranking highest in boxing
ability, scholarship, character aiu
attitude, sportsmanship, and leader
ship. This is the sixteenth year tha'
the former world's heavyweigh
champion's awards have been pre
sented.
Hy Hebert, captain of this year's
boxing squad, was awarded the Tun
ney medal last year.
The winners were named by Ma
loney and boxing coach Vic Lind
skoe.
Seven Stanford boxers have been
named to receive the Gene Tunney
award, Harry Maloney, Director o
Minor Sports, has announced.
Featherweight Vic Woolcot, light
weight Bob Cole, welters Mai Myn
derse and John Levy, middleweiglr
Jack Reynolds, light-heavy Ross
Dana, and heavyweight Dick Peh!
will receive the coveted medals.
Gene Tunney established the award
in 1927, to be awarded to those mem
bers of Harry Maloney's boxing
teams ranking highest in boxing
ability, scholarship, character aiu
attitude, sportsmanship, and leader
ship. This is the sixteenth year tha'
the former world's heavyweigh
champion's awards have been pre
sented.
Hy Hebert, captain of this year's
boxing squad, was awarded the Tun
ney medal last year.
The winners were named by Ma
loney and boxing coach Vic Lind
skoe.
Seven Stanford boxers have been
named to receive the Gene Tunney
award, Harry Maloney, Director o
Minor Sports, has announced.
Featherweight Vic Woolcot, light
weight Bob Cole, welters Mai Myn
derse and John Levy, middleweiglr
Jack Reynolds, light-heavy Ross
Dana, and heavyweight Dick Peh!
will receive the coveted medals.
Gene Tunney established the award
in 1927, to be awarded to those mem
bers of Harry Maloney's boxing
teams ranking highest in boxing
ability, scholarship, character aiu
attitude, sportsmanship, and leader
ship. This is the sixteenth year tha'
the former world's heavyweigh
champion's awards have been pre
sented.
Hy Hebert, captain of this year's
boxing squad, was awarded the Tun
ney medal last year.
The winners were named by Ma
loney and boxing coach Vic Lind
skoe.
Seven Stanford boxers have been
named to receive the Gene Tunney
award, Harry Maloney, Director o
Minor Sports, has announced.
Featherweight Vic Woolcot, light
weight Bob Cole, welters Mai Myn
derse and John Levy, middleweiglr
Jack Reynolds, light-heavy Ross
Dana, and heavyweight Dick Peh!
will receive the coveted medals.
Gene Tunney established the award
in 1927, to be awarded to those mem
bers of Harry Maloney's boxing
teams ranking highest in boxing
ability, scholarship, character aiu
attitude, sportsmanship, and leader
ship. This is the sixteenth year tha'
the former world's heavyweigh
champion's awards have been pre
sented.
Hy Hebert, captain of this year's
boxing squad, was awarded the Tun
ney medal last year.
The winners were named by Ma
loney and boxing coach Vic Lind
skoe.
Seven Stanford boxers have been
named to receive the Gene Tunney
award, Harry Maloney, Director o
Minor Sports, has announced.
Featherweight Vic Woolcot, light
weight Bob Cole, welters Mai Myn
derse and John Levy, middleweiglr
Jack Reynolds, light-heavy Ross
Dana, and heavyweight Dick Peh!
will receive the coveted medals.
Gene Tunney established the award
in 1927, to be awarded to those mem
bers of Harry Maloney's boxing
teams ranking highest in boxing
ability, scholarship, character aiu
attitude, sportsmanship, and leader
ship. This is the sixteenth year tha'
the former world's heavyweigh
champion's awards have been pre
sented.
Hy Hebert, captain of this year's
boxing squad, was awarded the Tun
ney medal last year.
The winners were named by Ma
loney and boxing coach Vic Lind
skoe.
Seven Stanford boxers have been
named to receive the Gene Tunney
award, Harry Maloney, Director o
Minor Sports, has announced.
Featherweight Vic Woolcot, light
weight Bob Cole, welters Mai Myn
derse and John Levy, middleweiglr
Jack Reynolds, light-heavy Ross
Dana, and heavyweight Dick Peh!
will receive the coveted medals.
Gene Tunney established the award
in 1927, to be awarded to those mem
bers of Harry Maloney's boxing
teams ranking highest in boxing
ability, scholarship, character aiu
attitude, sportsmanship, and leader
ship. This is the sixteenth year tha'
the former world's heavyweigh
champion's awards have been pre
sented.
Hy Hebert, captain of this year's
boxing squad, was awarded the Tun
ney medal last year.
The winners were named by Ma
loney and boxing coach Vic Lind
skoe.
Seven Stanford boxers have been
named to receive the Gene Tunney
award, Harry Maloney, Director o
Minor Sports, has announced.
Featherweight Vic Woolcot, light
weight Bob Cole, welters Mai Myn
derse and John Levy, middleweiglr
Jack Reynolds, light-heavy Ross
Dana, and heavyweight Dick Peh!
will receive the coveted medals.
Gene Tunney established the award
in 1927, to be awarded to those mem
bers of Harry Maloney's boxing
teams ranking highest in boxing
ability, scholarship, character aiu
attitude, sportsmanship, and leader
ship. This is the sixteenth year tha'
the former world's heavyweigh
champion's awards have been pre
sented.
Hy Hebert, captain of this year's
boxing squad, was awarded the Tun
ney medal last year.
The winners were named by Ma
loney and boxing coach Vic Lind
skoe.
Seven Stanford boxers have been
named to receive the Gene Tunney
award, Harry Maloney, Director o
Minor Sports, has announced.
Featherweight Vic Woolcot, light
weight Bob Cole, welters Mai Myn
derse and John Levy, middleweiglr
Jack Reynolds, light-heavy Ross
Dana, and heavyweight Dick Peh!
will receive the coveted medals.
Gene Tunney established the award
in 1927, to be awarded to those mem
bers of Harry Maloney's boxing
teams ranking highest in boxing
ability, scholarship, character aiu
attitude, sportsmanship, and leader
ship. This is the sixteenth year tha'
the former world's heavyweigh
champion's awards have been pre
sented.
Hy Hebert, captain of this year's
boxing squad, was awarded the Tun
ney medal last year.
The winners were named by Ma
loney and boxing coach Vic Lind
skoe.
Seven Stanford boxers have been
named to receive the Gene Tunney
award, Harry Maloney, Director o
Minor Sports, has announced.
Featherweight Vic Woolcot, light
weight Bob Cole, welters Mai Myn
derse and John Levy, middleweiglr
Jack Reynolds, light-heavy Ross
Dana, and heavyweight Dick Peh!
will receive the coveted medals.
Gene Tunney established the award
in 1927, to be awarded to those mem
bers of Harry Maloney's boxing
teams ranking highest in boxing
ability, scholarship, character aiu
attitude, sportsmanship, and leader
ship. This is the sixteenth year tha'
the former world's heavyweigh
champion's awards have been pre
sented.
Hy Hebert, captain of this year's
boxing squad, was awarded the Tun
ney medal last year.
The winners were named by Ma
loney and boxing coach Vic Lind
skoe.
Seven Stanford boxers have been
named to receive the Gene Tunney
award, Harry Maloney, Director o
Minor Sports, has announced.
Featherweight Vic Woolcot, light
weight Bob Cole, welters Mai Myn
derse and John Levy, middleweiglr
Jack Reynolds, light-heavy Ross
Dana, and heavyweight Dick Peh!
will receive the coveted medals.
Gene Tunney established the award
in 1927, to be awarded to those mem
bers of Harry Maloney's boxing
teams ranking highest in boxing
ability, scholarship, character aiu
attitude, sportsmanship, and leader
ship. This is the sixteenth year tha'
the former world's heavyweigh
champion's awards have been pre
sented.
Hy Hebert, captain of this year's
boxing squad, was awarded the Tun
ney medal last year.
The winners were named by Ma
loney and boxing coach Vic Lind
skoe.
