# WOMEN'S GOLF TOURNEY
## 
### 
First round of match play in the
women's golf tourney must be com
pleted by Wednesday, according to
W.A.A. Representative Gloria Midg
ley. Sixteen girls are entered in the
event.
First round of match play in the
women's golf tourney must be com
pleted by Wednesday, according to
W.A.A. Representative Gloria Midg
ley. Sixteen girls are entered in the
event.
First round of match play in the
women's golf tourney must be com
pleted by Wednesday, according to
W.A.A. Representative Gloria Midg
ley. Sixteen girls are entered in the
event.
First round of match play in the
women's golf tourney must be com
pleted by Wednesday, according to
W.A.A. Representative Gloria Midg
ley. Sixteen girls are entered in the
event.
First round of match play in the
women's golf tourney must be com
pleted by Wednesday, according to
W.A.A. Representative Gloria Midg
ley. Sixteen girls are entered in the
event.
First round of match play in the
women's golf tourney must be com
pleted by Wednesday, according to
W.A.A. Representative Gloria Midg
ley. Sixteen girls are entered in the
event.
First round of match play in the
women's golf tourney must be com
pleted by Wednesday, according to
W.A.A. Representative Gloria Midg
ley. Sixteen girls are entered in the
event.
First round of match play in the
women's golf tourney must be com
pleted by Wednesday, according to
W.A.A. Representative Gloria Midg
ley. Sixteen girls are entered in the
event.
First round of match play in the
women's golf tourney must be com
pleted by Wednesday, according to
W.A.A. Representative Gloria Midg
ley. Sixteen girls are entered in the
event.
First round of match play in the
women's golf tourney must be com
pleted by Wednesday, according to
W.A.A. Representative Gloria Midg
ley. Sixteen girls are entered in the
event.
First round of match play in the
women's golf tourney must be com
pleted by Wednesday, according to
W.A.A. Representative Gloria Midg
ley. Sixteen girls are entered in the
event.
First round of match play in the
women's golf tourney must be com
pleted by Wednesday, according to
W.A.A. Representative Gloria Midg
ley. Sixteen girls are entered in the
event.
First round of match play in the
women's golf tourney must be com
pleted by Wednesday, according to
W.A.A. Representative Gloria Midg
ley. Sixteen girls are entered in the
event.
First round of match play in the
women's golf tourney must be com
pleted by Wednesday, according to
W.A.A. Representative Gloria Midg
ley. Sixteen girls are entered in the
event.
First round of match play in the
women's golf tourney must be com
pleted by Wednesday, according to
W.A.A. Representative Gloria Midg
ley. Sixteen girls are entered in the
event.
First round of match play in the
women's golf tourney must be com
pleted by Wednesday, according to
W.A.A. Representative Gloria Midg
ley. Sixteen girls are entered in the
event.
