# Untitled Article
## 
### 

LABOR MAN — Following
resignation of CIO Secre
tary Thomas J. Kennedy
from War Labor Board, Van
A. Bittner, above, Steel
Workers vice president, is
expected to succeed him.
Mr. Bittner has been serv
ing as alternate.

LABOR MAN — Following
resignation of CIO Secre
tary Thomas J. Kennedy
from War Labor Board, Van
A. Bittner, above, Steel
Workers vice president, is
expected to succeed him.
Mr. Bittner has been serv
ing as alternate.

LABOR MAN — Following
resignation of CIO Secre
tary Thomas J. Kennedy
from War Labor Board, Van
A. Bittner, above, Steel
Workers vice president, is
expected to succeed him.
Mr. Bittner has been serv
ing as alternate.

LABOR MAN — Following
resignation of CIO Secre
tary Thomas J. Kennedy
from War Labor Board, Van
A. Bittner, above, Steel
Workers vice president, is
expected to succeed him.
Mr. Bittner has been serv
ing as alternate.

LABOR MAN — Following
resignation of CIO Secre
tary Thomas J. Kennedy
from War Labor Board, Van
A. Bittner, above, Steel
Workers vice president, is
expected to succeed him.
Mr. Bittner has been serv
ing as alternate.

LABOR MAN — Following
resignation of CIO Secre
tary Thomas J. Kennedy
from War Labor Board, Van
A. Bittner, above, Steel
Workers vice president, is
expected to succeed him.
Mr. Bittner has been serv
ing as alternate.

LABOR MAN — Following
resignation of CIO Secre
tary Thomas J. Kennedy
from War Labor Board, Van
A. Bittner, above, Steel
Workers vice president, is
expected to succeed him.
Mr. Bittner has been serv
ing as alternate.

LABOR MAN — Following
resignation of CIO Secre
tary Thomas J. Kennedy
from War Labor Board, Van
A. Bittner, above, Steel
Workers vice president, is
expected to succeed him.
Mr. Bittner has been serv
ing as alternate.

LABOR MAN — Following
resignation of CIO Secre
tary Thomas J. Kennedy
from War Labor Board, Van
A. Bittner, above, Steel
Workers vice president, is
expected to succeed him.
Mr. Bittner has been serv
ing as alternate.

LABOR MAN — Following
resignation of CIO Secre
tary Thomas J. Kennedy
from War Labor Board, Van
A. Bittner, above, Steel
Workers vice president, is
expected to succeed him.
Mr. Bittner has been serv
ing as alternate.

LABOR MAN — Following
resignation of CIO Secre
tary Thomas J. Kennedy
from War Labor Board, Van
A. Bittner, above, Steel
Workers vice president, is
expected to succeed him.
Mr. Bittner has been serv
ing as alternate.

LABOR MAN — Following
resignation of CIO Secre
tary Thomas J. Kennedy
from War Labor Board, Van
A. Bittner, above, Steel
Workers vice president, is
expected to succeed him.
Mr. Bittner has been serv
ing as alternate.

LABOR MAN — Following
resignation of CIO Secre
tary Thomas J. Kennedy
from War Labor Board, Van
A. Bittner, above, Steel
Workers vice president, is
expected to succeed him.
Mr. Bittner has been serv
ing as alternate.

LABOR MAN — Following
resignation of CIO Secre
tary Thomas J. Kennedy
from War Labor Board, Van
A. Bittner, above, Steel
Workers vice president, is
expected to succeed him.
Mr. Bittner has been serv
ing as alternate.

LABOR MAN — Following
resignation of CIO Secre
tary Thomas J. Kennedy
from War Labor Board, Van
A. Bittner, above, Steel
Workers vice president, is
expected to succeed him.
Mr. Bittner has been serv
ing as alternate.

LABOR MAN — Following
resignation of CIO Secre
tary Thomas J. Kennedy
from War Labor Board, Van
A. Bittner, above, Steel
Workers vice president, is
expected to succeed him.
Mr. Bittner has been serv
ing as alternate.
