# The 						Coffee House
## 
### 
With midterms
coming up, a chance
to eat, relax, and get
away from it all is a
valued commodity on
campus. Students
often seize an
opportunity to rest
their minds, assuage
their appetites, and
just generally
socialize at the Coffee
House, an
entrepreneurial
enterprise run entirely
by Stanford students.


Photos by Willy Leichter/Daily



With midterms
coming up, a chance
to eat, relax, and get
away from it all is a
valued commodity on
campus. Students
often seize an
opportunity to rest
their minds, assuage
their appetites, and
just generally
socialize at the Coffee
House, an
entrepreneurial
enterprise run entirely
by Stanford students.


Photos by Willy Leichter/Daily



With midterms
coming up, a chance
to eat, relax, and get
away from it all is a
valued commodity on
campus. Students
often seize an
opportunity to rest
their minds, assuage
their appetites, and
just generally
socialize at the Coffee
House, an
entrepreneurial
enterprise run entirely
by Stanford students.


Photos by Willy Leichter/Daily



With midterms
coming up, a chance
to eat, relax, and get
away from it all is a
valued commodity on
campus. Students
often seize an
opportunity to rest
their minds, assuage
their appetites, and
just generally
socialize at the Coffee
House, an
entrepreneurial
enterprise run entirely
by Stanford students.


Photos by Willy Leichter/Daily



With midterms
coming up, a chance
to eat, relax, and get
away from it all is a
valued commodity on
campus. Students
often seize an
opportunity to rest
their minds, assuage
their appetites, and
just generally
socialize at the Coffee
House, an
entrepreneurial
enterprise run entirely
by Stanford students.


Photos by Willy Leichter/Daily



With midterms
coming up, a chance
to eat, relax, and get
away from it all is a
valued commodity on
campus. Students
often seize an
opportunity to rest
their minds, assuage
their appetites, and
just generally
socialize at the Coffee
House, an
entrepreneurial
enterprise run entirely
by Stanford students.


Photos by Willy Leichter/Daily



With midterms
coming up, a chance
to eat, relax, and get
away from it all is a
valued commodity on
campus. Students
often seize an
opportunity to rest
their minds, assuage
their appetites, and
just generally
socialize at the Coffee
House, an
entrepreneurial
enterprise run entirely
by Stanford students.


Photos by Willy Leichter/Daily



With midterms
coming up, a chance
to eat, relax, and get
away from it all is a
valued commodity on
campus. Students
often seize an
opportunity to rest
their minds, assuage
their appetites, and
just generally
socialize at the Coffee
House, an
entrepreneurial
enterprise run entirely
by Stanford students.


Photos by Willy Leichter/Daily



With midterms
coming up, a chance
to eat, relax, and get
away from it all is a
valued commodity on
campus. Students
often seize an
opportunity to rest
their minds, assuage
their appetites, and
just generally
socialize at the Coffee
House, an
entrepreneurial
enterprise run entirely
by Stanford students.


Photos by Willy Leichter/Daily



