# Late-night chemical leak
## 
### 

Joshua Folk — Daily
Clean-up crews work late last night to contain a poisonous
gas leak from an abandoned cylinder outside the old Chem
istry Building yesterday. The cylinder contained nitrogen
tetroxide, a volatile poison that begins to evaporate at 70
degrees. After the leak was reported to the Department of
Health and Safety at about 12:30 p.m. the cylinder was placed
in ice to cool it There were no injuries reported.

Joshua Folk — Daily
Clean-up crews work late last night to contain a poisonous
gas leak from an abandoned cylinder outside the old Chem
istry Building yesterday. The cylinder contained nitrogen
tetroxide, a volatile poison that begins to evaporate at 70
degrees. After the leak was reported to the Department of
Health and Safety at about 12:30 p.m. the cylinder was placed
in ice to cool it There were no injuries reported.

Joshua Folk — Daily
Clean-up crews work late last night to contain a poisonous
gas leak from an abandoned cylinder outside the old Chem
istry Building yesterday. The cylinder contained nitrogen
tetroxide, a volatile poison that begins to evaporate at 70
degrees. After the leak was reported to the Department of
Health and Safety at about 12:30 p.m. the cylinder was placed
in ice to cool it There were no injuries reported.

Joshua Folk — Daily
Clean-up crews work late last night to contain a poisonous
gas leak from an abandoned cylinder outside the old Chem
istry Building yesterday. The cylinder contained nitrogen
tetroxide, a volatile poison that begins to evaporate at 70
degrees. After the leak was reported to the Department of
Health and Safety at about 12:30 p.m. the cylinder was placed
in ice to cool it There were no injuries reported.

Joshua Folk — Daily
Clean-up crews work late last night to contain a poisonous
gas leak from an abandoned cylinder outside the old Chem
istry Building yesterday. The cylinder contained nitrogen
tetroxide, a volatile poison that begins to evaporate at 70
degrees. After the leak was reported to the Department of
Health and Safety at about 12:30 p.m. the cylinder was placed
in ice to cool it There were no injuries reported.

Joshua Folk — Daily
Clean-up crews work late last night to contain a poisonous
gas leak from an abandoned cylinder outside the old Chem
istry Building yesterday. The cylinder contained nitrogen
tetroxide, a volatile poison that begins to evaporate at 70
degrees. After the leak was reported to the Department of
Health and Safety at about 12:30 p.m. the cylinder was placed
in ice to cool it There were no injuries reported.
