# Heart Trouble Takes German General.
## 
### 
Amsterdam, Nov. L'ft. —An official
Berlin announcement states that Gen
eral Voights-Rhetz. quartermastev
gencral in command of forces in the
western theatre of war. has succumbed
through' heart -failure. He was suc
ceeded by General von Stein October
18.
Amsterdam, Nov. L'ft. —An official
Berlin announcement states that Gen
eral Voights-Rhetz. quartermastev
gencral in command of forces in the
western theatre of war. has succumbed
through' heart -failure. He was suc
ceeded by General von Stein October
18.
Amsterdam, Nov. L'ft. —An official
Berlin announcement states that Gen
eral Voights-Rhetz. quartermastev
gencral in command of forces in the
western theatre of war. has succumbed
through' heart -failure. He was suc
ceeded by General von Stein October
18.
Amsterdam, Nov. L'ft. —An official
Berlin announcement states that Gen
eral Voights-Rhetz. quartermastev
gencral in command of forces in the
western theatre of war. has succumbed
through' heart -failure. He was suc
ceeded by General von Stein October
18.
Amsterdam, Nov. L'ft. —An official
Berlin announcement states that Gen
eral Voights-Rhetz. quartermastev
gencral in command of forces in the
western theatre of war. has succumbed
through' heart -failure. He was suc
ceeded by General von Stein October
18.
Amsterdam, Nov. L'ft. —An official
Berlin announcement states that Gen
eral Voights-Rhetz. quartermastev
gencral in command of forces in the
western theatre of war. has succumbed
through' heart -failure. He was suc
ceeded by General von Stein October
18.
Amsterdam, Nov. L'ft. —An official
Berlin announcement states that Gen
eral Voights-Rhetz. quartermastev
gencral in command of forces in the
western theatre of war. has succumbed
through' heart -failure. He was suc
ceeded by General von Stein October
18.
Amsterdam, Nov. L'ft. —An official
Berlin announcement states that Gen
eral Voights-Rhetz. quartermastev
gencral in command of forces in the
western theatre of war. has succumbed
through' heart -failure. He was suc
ceeded by General von Stein October
18.
Amsterdam, Nov. L'ft. —An official
Berlin announcement states that Gen
eral Voights-Rhetz. quartermastev
gencral in command of forces in the
western theatre of war. has succumbed
through' heart -failure. He was suc
ceeded by General von Stein October
18.
Amsterdam, Nov. L'ft. —An official
Berlin announcement states that Gen
eral Voights-Rhetz. quartermastev
gencral in command of forces in the
western theatre of war. has succumbed
through' heart -failure. He was suc
ceeded by General von Stein October
18.
Amsterdam, Nov. L'ft. —An official
Berlin announcement states that Gen
eral Voights-Rhetz. quartermastev
gencral in command of forces in the
western theatre of war. has succumbed
through' heart -failure. He was suc
ceeded by General von Stein October
18.
Amsterdam, Nov. L'ft. —An official
Berlin announcement states that Gen
eral Voights-Rhetz. quartermastev
gencral in command of forces in the
western theatre of war. has succumbed
through' heart -failure. He was suc
ceeded by General von Stein October
18.
Amsterdam, Nov. L'ft. —An official
Berlin announcement states that Gen
eral Voights-Rhetz. quartermastev
gencral in command of forces in the
western theatre of war. has succumbed
through' heart -failure. He was suc
ceeded by General von Stein October
18.
Amsterdam, Nov. L'ft. —An official
Berlin announcement states that Gen
eral Voights-Rhetz. quartermastev
gencral in command of forces in the
western theatre of war. has succumbed
through' heart -failure. He was suc
ceeded by General von Stein October
18.
