# Students Join Teutons.
## 
### 
Universities in Germany furnished
1,200,000 volunteers for the army of
the Vaterland. according to Dr. Con
ard Tressman, instructor at the Uni
versity of Toronto. The University of
Berlin and other famous institutions
of learning, he said, have not opened
this year as a result of the war.
Universities in Germany furnished
1,200,000 volunteers for the army of
the Vaterland. according to Dr. Con
ard Tressman, instructor at the Uni
versity of Toronto. The University of
Berlin and other famous institutions
of learning, he said, have not opened
this year as a result of the war.
Universities in Germany furnished
1,200,000 volunteers for the army of
the Vaterland. according to Dr. Con
ard Tressman, instructor at the Uni
versity of Toronto. The University of
Berlin and other famous institutions
of learning, he said, have not opened
this year as a result of the war.
Universities in Germany furnished
1,200,000 volunteers for the army of
the Vaterland. according to Dr. Con
ard Tressman, instructor at the Uni
versity of Toronto. The University of
Berlin and other famous institutions
of learning, he said, have not opened
this year as a result of the war.
Universities in Germany furnished
1,200,000 volunteers for the army of
the Vaterland. according to Dr. Con
ard Tressman, instructor at the Uni
versity of Toronto. The University of
Berlin and other famous institutions
of learning, he said, have not opened
this year as a result of the war.
Universities in Germany furnished
1,200,000 volunteers for the army of
the Vaterland. according to Dr. Con
ard Tressman, instructor at the Uni
versity of Toronto. The University of
Berlin and other famous institutions
of learning, he said, have not opened
this year as a result of the war.
Universities in Germany furnished
1,200,000 volunteers for the army of
the Vaterland. according to Dr. Con
ard Tressman, instructor at the Uni
versity of Toronto. The University of
Berlin and other famous institutions
of learning, he said, have not opened
this year as a result of the war.
Universities in Germany furnished
1,200,000 volunteers for the army of
the Vaterland. according to Dr. Con
ard Tressman, instructor at the Uni
versity of Toronto. The University of
Berlin and other famous institutions
of learning, he said, have not opened
this year as a result of the war.
Universities in Germany furnished
1,200,000 volunteers for the army of
the Vaterland. according to Dr. Con
ard Tressman, instructor at the Uni
versity of Toronto. The University of
Berlin and other famous institutions
of learning, he said, have not opened
this year as a result of the war.
Universities in Germany furnished
1,200,000 volunteers for the army of
the Vaterland. according to Dr. Con
ard Tressman, instructor at the Uni
versity of Toronto. The University of
Berlin and other famous institutions
of learning, he said, have not opened
this year as a result of the war.
Universities in Germany furnished
1,200,000 volunteers for the army of
the Vaterland. according to Dr. Con
ard Tressman, instructor at the Uni
versity of Toronto. The University of
Berlin and other famous institutions
of learning, he said, have not opened
this year as a result of the war.
Universities in Germany furnished
1,200,000 volunteers for the army of
the Vaterland. according to Dr. Con
ard Tressman, instructor at the Uni
versity of Toronto. The University of
Berlin and other famous institutions
of learning, he said, have not opened
this year as a result of the war.
Universities in Germany furnished
1,200,000 volunteers for the army of
the Vaterland. according to Dr. Con
ard Tressman, instructor at the Uni
versity of Toronto. The University of
Berlin and other famous institutions
of learning, he said, have not opened
this year as a result of the war.
Universities in Germany furnished
1,200,000 volunteers for the army of
the Vaterland. according to Dr. Con
ard Tressman, instructor at the Uni
versity of Toronto. The University of
Berlin and other famous institutions
of learning, he said, have not opened
this year as a result of the war.
