# U. C. Receives a Handsome Gift.
## 
### 
The important collection of the writ
ings of California authors, gathered by
the San Francisco Women's Literary
Exhibit committee for the Chicago Ex
position, has been presented to the
library of the University of California.
It is to be preserved, together with
similar material already in the library,
as a permanent exhibit of California
literature.
The important collection of the writ
ings of California authors, gathered by
the San Francisco Women's Literary
Exhibit committee for the Chicago Ex
position, has been presented to the
library of the University of California.
It is to be preserved, together with
similar material already in the library,
as a permanent exhibit of California
literature.
The important collection of the writ
ings of California authors, gathered by
the San Francisco Women's Literary
Exhibit committee for the Chicago Ex
position, has been presented to the
library of the University of California.
It is to be preserved, together with
similar material already in the library,
as a permanent exhibit of California
literature.
The important collection of the writ
ings of California authors, gathered by
the San Francisco Women's Literary
Exhibit committee for the Chicago Ex
position, has been presented to the
library of the University of California.
It is to be preserved, together with
similar material already in the library,
as a permanent exhibit of California
literature.
