# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The Royal Academy of Arts, Britain's
principal art organization, was
founded by King George, Third, in
1768.
The Royal Academy of Arts, Britain's
principal art organization, was
founded by King George, Third, in
1768.
The Royal Academy of Arts, Britain's
principal art organization, was
founded by King George, Third, in
1768.
The Royal Academy of Arts, Britain's
principal art organization, was
founded by King George, Third, in
1768.
The Royal Academy of Arts, Britain's
principal art organization, was
founded by King George, Third, in
1768.
The Royal Academy of Arts, Britain's
principal art organization, was
founded by King George, Third, in
1768.
The Royal Academy of Arts, Britain's
principal art organization, was
founded by King George, Third, in
1768.
The Royal Academy of Arts, Britain's
principal art organization, was
founded by King George, Third, in
1768.
The Royal Academy of Arts, Britain's
principal art organization, was
founded by King George, Third, in
1768.
The Royal Academy of Arts, Britain's
principal art organization, was
founded by King George, Third, in
1768.
The Royal Academy of Arts, Britain's
principal art organization, was
founded by King George, Third, in
1768.
The Royal Academy of Arts, Britain's
principal art organization, was
founded by King George, Third, in
1768.
The Royal Academy of Arts, Britain's
principal art organization, was
founded by King George, Third, in
1768.
The Royal Academy of Arts, Britain's
principal art organization, was
founded by King George, Third, in
1768.
The Royal Academy of Arts, Britain's
principal art organization, was
founded by King George, Third, in
1768.
The Royal Academy of Arts, Britain's
principal art organization, was
founded by King George, Third, in
1768.
The Royal Academy of Arts, Britain's
principal art organization, was
founded by King George, Third, in
1768.
