# Untitled Article
## 
### 

"I used to be afraid the Government would
requisition my car. Now I'm afraid they'
won t. Drawn for O. W. I.

"I used to be afraid the Government would
requisition my car. Now I'm afraid they'
won t. Drawn for O. W. I.

"I used to be afraid the Government would
requisition my car. Now I'm afraid they'
won t. Drawn for O. W. I.

"I used to be afraid the Government would
requisition my car. Now I'm afraid they'
won t. Drawn for O. W. I.

"I used to be afraid the Government would
requisition my car. Now I'm afraid they'
won t. Drawn for O. W. I.

"I used to be afraid the Government would
requisition my car. Now I'm afraid they'
won t. Drawn for O. W. I.

"I used to be afraid the Government would
requisition my car. Now I'm afraid they'
won t. Drawn for O. W. I.

"I used to be afraid the Government would
requisition my car. Now I'm afraid they'
won t. Drawn for O. W. I.

"I used to be afraid the Government would
requisition my car. Now I'm afraid they'
won t. Drawn for O. W. I.

"I used to be afraid the Government would
requisition my car. Now I'm afraid they'
won t. Drawn for O. W. I.

"I used to be afraid the Government would
requisition my car. Now I'm afraid they'
won t. Drawn for O. W. I.

"I used to be afraid the Government would
requisition my car. Now I'm afraid they'
won t. Drawn for O. W. I.

"I used to be afraid the Government would
requisition my car. Now I'm afraid they'
won t. Drawn for O. W. I.

"I used to be afraid the Government would
requisition my car. Now I'm afraid they'
won t. Drawn for O. W. I.

"I used to be afraid the Government would
requisition my car. Now I'm afraid they'
won t. Drawn for O. W. I.

"I used to be afraid the Government would
requisition my car. Now I'm afraid they'
won t. Drawn for O. W. I.

"I used to be afraid the Government would
requisition my car. Now I'm afraid they'
won t. Drawn for O. W. I.
