# Debunk Dunninger And Get $10,000
## 
### 
Ten thousand dollars are now wait
ing to be taken by some enterprising
disciple of the supernatural, provid
ing he can produce a trick or feat of
some sort that cannot be duplicated
or explained by Dunninger, the mas
ter mentalist. Mr. Dunninger, who
will appear at the San Francisco
Civic Auditorium on October 2(i, has
offered a standing reward of this
money to anyone who can confound
him, but so far it has obviously had
no takers.
Dunninger docs not try to be a

"fortune teller" or to convince his
audience that he employs the super
natural. Instead he is known as an
exposer of spiritual mediums and
others who claim clairvoyance or
exceptional qualities.
Those who might find the $10,000
handy may buy their tickets at the
Crane Box Office or Sherman-Clay
i'i San Francisco and Sherman-Clay
in Oakland.
