# Untitled Article
## 
### 

GOING BACK—Gen. MacArthur has promised that the Americans
would return to the Philippine Islands, captured by the
Japs. Here's how one recent temporary visit possibly was
made. Bomber raid on Davao, Mindanao Island, may have
taken of! from newly won Sansapor on Dutch New Guinea.

GOING BACK—Gen. MacArthur has promised that the Americans
would return to the Philippine Islands, captured by the
Japs. Here's how one recent temporary visit possibly was
made. Bomber raid on Davao, Mindanao Island, may have
taken of! from newly won Sansapor on Dutch New Guinea.

GOING BACK—Gen. MacArthur has promised that the Americans
would return to the Philippine Islands, captured by the
Japs. Here's how one recent temporary visit possibly was
made. Bomber raid on Davao, Mindanao Island, may have
taken of! from newly won Sansapor on Dutch New Guinea.

GOING BACK—Gen. MacArthur has promised that the Americans
would return to the Philippine Islands, captured by the
Japs. Here's how one recent temporary visit possibly was
made. Bomber raid on Davao, Mindanao Island, may have
taken of! from newly won Sansapor on Dutch New Guinea.

GOING BACK—Gen. MacArthur has promised that the Americans
would return to the Philippine Islands, captured by the
Japs. Here's how one recent temporary visit possibly was
made. Bomber raid on Davao, Mindanao Island, may have
taken of! from newly won Sansapor on Dutch New Guinea.

GOING BACK—Gen. MacArthur has promised that the Americans
would return to the Philippine Islands, captured by the
Japs. Here's how one recent temporary visit possibly was
made. Bomber raid on Davao, Mindanao Island, may have
taken of! from newly won Sansapor on Dutch New Guinea.

GOING BACK—Gen. MacArthur has promised that the Americans
would return to the Philippine Islands, captured by the
Japs. Here's how one recent temporary visit possibly was
made. Bomber raid on Davao, Mindanao Island, may have
taken of! from newly won Sansapor on Dutch New Guinea.

GOING BACK—Gen. MacArthur has promised that the Americans
would return to the Philippine Islands, captured by the
Japs. Here's how one recent temporary visit possibly was
made. Bomber raid on Davao, Mindanao Island, may have
taken of! from newly won Sansapor on Dutch New Guinea.

GOING BACK—Gen. MacArthur has promised that the Americans
would return to the Philippine Islands, captured by the
Japs. Here's how one recent temporary visit possibly was
made. Bomber raid on Davao, Mindanao Island, may have
taken of! from newly won Sansapor on Dutch New Guinea.

GOING BACK—Gen. MacArthur has promised that the Americans
would return to the Philippine Islands, captured by the
Japs. Here's how one recent temporary visit possibly was
made. Bomber raid on Davao, Mindanao Island, may have
taken of! from newly won Sansapor on Dutch New Guinea.

GOING BACK—Gen. MacArthur has promised that the Americans
would return to the Philippine Islands, captured by the
Japs. Here's how one recent temporary visit possibly was
made. Bomber raid on Davao, Mindanao Island, may have
taken of! from newly won Sansapor on Dutch New Guinea.

GOING BACK—Gen. MacArthur has promised that the Americans
would return to the Philippine Islands, captured by the
Japs. Here's how one recent temporary visit possibly was
made. Bomber raid on Davao, Mindanao Island, may have
taken of! from newly won Sansapor on Dutch New Guinea.

GOING BACK—Gen. MacArthur has promised that the Americans
would return to the Philippine Islands, captured by the
Japs. Here's how one recent temporary visit possibly was
made. Bomber raid on Davao, Mindanao Island, may have
taken of! from newly won Sansapor on Dutch New Guinea.

GOING BACK—Gen. MacArthur has promised that the Americans
would return to the Philippine Islands, captured by the
Japs. Here's how one recent temporary visit possibly was
made. Bomber raid on Davao, Mindanao Island, may have
taken of! from newly won Sansapor on Dutch New Guinea.

GOING BACK—Gen. MacArthur has promised that the Americans
would return to the Philippine Islands, captured by the
Japs. Here's how one recent temporary visit possibly was
made. Bomber raid on Davao, Mindanao Island, may have
taken of! from newly won Sansapor on Dutch New Guinea.

GOING BACK—Gen. MacArthur has promised that the Americans
would return to the Philippine Islands, captured by the
Japs. Here's how one recent temporary visit possibly was
made. Bomber raid on Davao, Mindanao Island, may have
taken of! from newly won Sansapor on Dutch New Guinea.

GOING BACK—Gen. MacArthur has promised that the Americans
would return to the Philippine Islands, captured by the
Japs. Here's how one recent temporary visit possibly was
made. Bomber raid on Davao, Mindanao Island, may have
taken of! from newly won Sansapor on Dutch New Guinea.
