# Untitled Article
## 
### 
TOKYO, Monday, Oct. I (UP)—
Fanatical bands of North Koreans
launched a series of probing attacks
Sunday night against American and
French infantrymen clinging to the
slopes of '"Heartbreak Ridge," but
the attacks failed to dent the Unit
ed Nations' six-day-old autumn of
fensive.
Other Red attacks came in the
Chorwon sector early today as the
badly hurt enemy struck back at the
Eighth Army's offensive, which Gen.
James A Van Fleet hinted could
drive the Communists back to Man
churia any time the order is given.
TOKYO, Monday, Oct. I (UP)—
Fanatical bands of North Koreans
launched a series of probing attacks
Sunday night against American and
French infantrymen clinging to the
slopes of '"Heartbreak Ridge," but
the attacks failed to dent the Unit
ed Nations' six-day-old autumn of
fensive.
Other Red attacks came in the
Chorwon sector early today as the
badly hurt enemy struck back at the
Eighth Army's offensive, which Gen.
James A Van Fleet hinted could
drive the Communists back to Man
churia any time the order is given.
TOKYO, Monday, Oct. I (UP)—
Fanatical bands of North Koreans
launched a series of probing attacks
Sunday night against American and
French infantrymen clinging to the
slopes of '"Heartbreak Ridge," but
the attacks failed to dent the Unit
ed Nations' six-day-old autumn of
fensive.
Other Red attacks came in the
Chorwon sector early today as the
badly hurt enemy struck back at the
Eighth Army's offensive, which Gen.
James A Van Fleet hinted could
drive the Communists back to Man
churia any time the order is given.
TOKYO, Monday, Oct. I (UP)—
Fanatical bands of North Koreans
launched a series of probing attacks
Sunday night against American and
French infantrymen clinging to the
slopes of '"Heartbreak Ridge," but
the attacks failed to dent the Unit
ed Nations' six-day-old autumn of
fensive.
Other Red attacks came in the
Chorwon sector early today as the
badly hurt enemy struck back at the
Eighth Army's offensive, which Gen.
James A Van Fleet hinted could
drive the Communists back to Man
churia any time the order is given.
TOKYO, Monday, Oct. I (UP)—
Fanatical bands of North Koreans
launched a series of probing attacks
Sunday night against American and
French infantrymen clinging to the
slopes of '"Heartbreak Ridge," but
the attacks failed to dent the Unit
ed Nations' six-day-old autumn of
fensive.
Other Red attacks came in the
Chorwon sector early today as the
badly hurt enemy struck back at the
Eighth Army's offensive, which Gen.
James A Van Fleet hinted could
drive the Communists back to Man
churia any time the order is given.
TOKYO, Monday, Oct. I (UP)—
Fanatical bands of North Koreans
launched a series of probing attacks
Sunday night against American and
French infantrymen clinging to the
slopes of '"Heartbreak Ridge," but
the attacks failed to dent the Unit
ed Nations' six-day-old autumn of
fensive.
Other Red attacks came in the
Chorwon sector early today as the
badly hurt enemy struck back at the
Eighth Army's offensive, which Gen.
James A Van Fleet hinted could
drive the Communists back to Man
churia any time the order is given.
TOKYO, Monday, Oct. I (UP)—
Fanatical bands of North Koreans
launched a series of probing attacks
Sunday night against American and
French infantrymen clinging to the
slopes of '"Heartbreak Ridge," but
the attacks failed to dent the Unit
ed Nations' six-day-old autumn of
fensive.
Other Red attacks came in the
Chorwon sector early today as the
badly hurt enemy struck back at the
Eighth Army's offensive, which Gen.
James A Van Fleet hinted could
drive the Communists back to Man
churia any time the order is given.
TOKYO, Monday, Oct. I (UP)—
Fanatical bands of North Koreans
launched a series of probing attacks
Sunday night against American and
French infantrymen clinging to the
slopes of '"Heartbreak Ridge," but
the attacks failed to dent the Unit
ed Nations' six-day-old autumn of
fensive.
Other Red attacks came in the
Chorwon sector early today as the
badly hurt enemy struck back at the
Eighth Army's offensive, which Gen.
James A Van Fleet hinted could
drive the Communists back to Man
churia any time the order is given.
TOKYO, Monday, Oct. I (UP)—
Fanatical bands of North Koreans
launched a series of probing attacks
Sunday night against American and
French infantrymen clinging to the
slopes of '"Heartbreak Ridge," but
the attacks failed to dent the Unit
ed Nations' six-day-old autumn of
fensive.
Other Red attacks came in the
Chorwon sector early today as the
badly hurt enemy struck back at the
Eighth Army's offensive, which Gen.
James A Van Fleet hinted could
drive the Communists back to Man
churia any time the order is given.
TOKYO, Monday, Oct. I (UP)—
Fanatical bands of North Koreans
launched a series of probing attacks
Sunday night against American and
French infantrymen clinging to the
slopes of '"Heartbreak Ridge," but
the attacks failed to dent the Unit
ed Nations' six-day-old autumn of
fensive.
Other Red attacks came in the
Chorwon sector early today as the
badly hurt enemy struck back at the
Eighth Army's offensive, which Gen.
James A Van Fleet hinted could
drive the Communists back to Man
churia any time the order is given.
TOKYO, Monday, Oct. I (UP)—
Fanatical bands of North Koreans
launched a series of probing attacks
Sunday night against American and
French infantrymen clinging to the
slopes of '"Heartbreak Ridge," but
the attacks failed to dent the Unit
ed Nations' six-day-old autumn of
fensive.
Other Red attacks came in the
Chorwon sector early today as the
badly hurt enemy struck back at the
Eighth Army's offensive, which Gen.
James A Van Fleet hinted could
drive the Communists back to Man
churia any time the order is given.
TOKYO, Monday, Oct. I (UP)—
Fanatical bands of North Koreans
launched a series of probing attacks
Sunday night against American and
French infantrymen clinging to the
slopes of '"Heartbreak Ridge," but
the attacks failed to dent the Unit
ed Nations' six-day-old autumn of
fensive.
Other Red attacks came in the
Chorwon sector early today as the
badly hurt enemy struck back at the
Eighth Army's offensive, which Gen.
James A Van Fleet hinted could
drive the Communists back to Man
churia any time the order is given.
TOKYO, Monday, Oct. I (UP)—
Fanatical bands of North Koreans
launched a series of probing attacks
Sunday night against American and
French infantrymen clinging to the
slopes of '"Heartbreak Ridge," but
the attacks failed to dent the Unit
ed Nations' six-day-old autumn of
fensive.
Other Red attacks came in the
Chorwon sector early today as the
badly hurt enemy struck back at the
Eighth Army's offensive, which Gen.
James A Van Fleet hinted could
drive the Communists back to Man
churia any time the order is given.
TOKYO, Monday, Oct. I (UP)—
Fanatical bands of North Koreans
launched a series of probing attacks
Sunday night against American and
French infantrymen clinging to the
slopes of '"Heartbreak Ridge," but
the attacks failed to dent the Unit
ed Nations' six-day-old autumn of
fensive.
Other Red attacks came in the
Chorwon sector early today as the
badly hurt enemy struck back at the
Eighth Army's offensive, which Gen.
James A Van Fleet hinted could
drive the Communists back to Man
churia any time the order is given.
TOKYO, Monday, Oct. I (UP)—
Fanatical bands of North Koreans
launched a series of probing attacks
Sunday night against American and
French infantrymen clinging to the
slopes of '"Heartbreak Ridge," but
the attacks failed to dent the Unit
ed Nations' six-day-old autumn of
fensive.
Other Red attacks came in the
Chorwon sector early today as the
badly hurt enemy struck back at the
Eighth Army's offensive, which Gen.
James A Van Fleet hinted could
drive the Communists back to Man
churia any time the order is given.
