# ROTH ELECTION
## 
### 
Marilyn Roth was elected presi
dent of Roth House last week, re
placing Nancy Lehman who will be
absent from school this quarter be
cause of illness. Lee Hahn will re
place Miss Roth as vice-president.
Marilyn Roth was elected presi
dent of Roth House last week, re
placing Nancy Lehman who will be
absent from school this quarter be
cause of illness. Lee Hahn will re
place Miss Roth as vice-president.
Marilyn Roth was elected presi
dent of Roth House last week, re
placing Nancy Lehman who will be
absent from school this quarter be
cause of illness. Lee Hahn will re
place Miss Roth as vice-president.
Marilyn Roth was elected presi
dent of Roth House last week, re
placing Nancy Lehman who will be
absent from school this quarter be
cause of illness. Lee Hahn will re
place Miss Roth as vice-president.
Marilyn Roth was elected presi
dent of Roth House last week, re
placing Nancy Lehman who will be
absent from school this quarter be
cause of illness. Lee Hahn will re
place Miss Roth as vice-president.
Marilyn Roth was elected presi
dent of Roth House last week, re
placing Nancy Lehman who will be
absent from school this quarter be
cause of illness. Lee Hahn will re
place Miss Roth as vice-president.
Marilyn Roth was elected presi
dent of Roth House last week, re
placing Nancy Lehman who will be
absent from school this quarter be
cause of illness. Lee Hahn will re
place Miss Roth as vice-president.
Marilyn Roth was elected presi
dent of Roth House last week, re
placing Nancy Lehman who will be
absent from school this quarter be
cause of illness. Lee Hahn will re
place Miss Roth as vice-president.
Marilyn Roth was elected presi
dent of Roth House last week, re
placing Nancy Lehman who will be
absent from school this quarter be
cause of illness. Lee Hahn will re
place Miss Roth as vice-president.
Marilyn Roth was elected presi
dent of Roth House last week, re
placing Nancy Lehman who will be
absent from school this quarter be
cause of illness. Lee Hahn will re
place Miss Roth as vice-president.
Marilyn Roth was elected presi
dent of Roth House last week, re
placing Nancy Lehman who will be
absent from school this quarter be
cause of illness. Lee Hahn will re
place Miss Roth as vice-president.
Marilyn Roth was elected presi
dent of Roth House last week, re
placing Nancy Lehman who will be
absent from school this quarter be
cause of illness. Lee Hahn will re
place Miss Roth as vice-president.
Marilyn Roth was elected presi
dent of Roth House last week, re
placing Nancy Lehman who will be
absent from school this quarter be
cause of illness. Lee Hahn will re
place Miss Roth as vice-president.
Marilyn Roth was elected presi
dent of Roth House last week, re
placing Nancy Lehman who will be
absent from school this quarter be
cause of illness. Lee Hahn will re
place Miss Roth as vice-president.
Marilyn Roth was elected presi
dent of Roth House last week, re
placing Nancy Lehman who will be
absent from school this quarter be
cause of illness. Lee Hahn will re
place Miss Roth as vice-president.
