# Class of '52 to Hold Excom Interviews
## 
### 
Interviews fnr senior class cxcom
will be helrl tomorrow and Wednes
day from 7:30 to 0 p.m. in the maga
zine room of the Women's Club
house.
Any interested senior who is un
able to attend the interview should
contact Keith Beckman. '52 prcsi
dnt, Kappa Sigma; Shirley Casella.
vice-president. Lagunita; or Marge
Horchitz, secretary, Guthrie.
Interviews fnr senior class cxcom
will be helrl tomorrow and Wednes
day from 7:30 to 0 p.m. in the maga
zine room of the Women's Club
house.
Any interested senior who is un
able to attend the interview should
contact Keith Beckman. '52 prcsi
dnt, Kappa Sigma; Shirley Casella.
vice-president. Lagunita; or Marge
Horchitz, secretary, Guthrie.
Interviews fnr senior class cxcom
will be helrl tomorrow and Wednes
day from 7:30 to 0 p.m. in the maga
zine room of the Women's Club
house.
Any interested senior who is un
able to attend the interview should
contact Keith Beckman. '52 prcsi
dnt, Kappa Sigma; Shirley Casella.
vice-president. Lagunita; or Marge
Horchitz, secretary, Guthrie.
Interviews fnr senior class cxcom
will be helrl tomorrow and Wednes
day from 7:30 to 0 p.m. in the maga
zine room of the Women's Club
house.
Any interested senior who is un
able to attend the interview should
contact Keith Beckman. '52 prcsi
dnt, Kappa Sigma; Shirley Casella.
vice-president. Lagunita; or Marge
Horchitz, secretary, Guthrie.
Interviews fnr senior class cxcom
will be helrl tomorrow and Wednes
day from 7:30 to 0 p.m. in the maga
zine room of the Women's Club
house.
Any interested senior who is un
able to attend the interview should
contact Keith Beckman. '52 prcsi
dnt, Kappa Sigma; Shirley Casella.
vice-president. Lagunita; or Marge
Horchitz, secretary, Guthrie.
Interviews fnr senior class cxcom
will be helrl tomorrow and Wednes
day from 7:30 to 0 p.m. in the maga
zine room of the Women's Club
house.
Any interested senior who is un
able to attend the interview should
contact Keith Beckman. '52 prcsi
dnt, Kappa Sigma; Shirley Casella.
vice-president. Lagunita; or Marge
Horchitz, secretary, Guthrie.
Interviews fnr senior class cxcom
will be helrl tomorrow and Wednes
day from 7:30 to 0 p.m. in the maga
zine room of the Women's Club
house.
Any interested senior who is un
able to attend the interview should
contact Keith Beckman. '52 prcsi
dnt, Kappa Sigma; Shirley Casella.
vice-president. Lagunita; or Marge
Horchitz, secretary, Guthrie.
Interviews fnr senior class cxcom
will be helrl tomorrow and Wednes
day from 7:30 to 0 p.m. in the maga
zine room of the Women's Club
house.
Any interested senior who is un
able to attend the interview should
contact Keith Beckman. '52 prcsi
dnt, Kappa Sigma; Shirley Casella.
vice-president. Lagunita; or Marge
Horchitz, secretary, Guthrie.
Interviews fnr senior class cxcom
will be helrl tomorrow and Wednes
day from 7:30 to 0 p.m. in the maga
zine room of the Women's Club
house.
Any interested senior who is un
able to attend the interview should
contact Keith Beckman. '52 prcsi
dnt, Kappa Sigma; Shirley Casella.
vice-president. Lagunita; or Marge
Horchitz, secretary, Guthrie.
Interviews fnr senior class cxcom
will be helrl tomorrow and Wednes
day from 7:30 to 0 p.m. in the maga
zine room of the Women's Club
house.
Any interested senior who is un
able to attend the interview should
contact Keith Beckman. '52 prcsi
dnt, Kappa Sigma; Shirley Casella.
vice-president. Lagunita; or Marge
Horchitz, secretary, Guthrie.
Interviews fnr senior class cxcom
will be helrl tomorrow and Wednes
day from 7:30 to 0 p.m. in the maga
zine room of the Women's Club
house.
Any interested senior who is un
able to attend the interview should
contact Keith Beckman. '52 prcsi
dnt, Kappa Sigma; Shirley Casella.
vice-president. Lagunita; or Marge
Horchitz, secretary, Guthrie.
Interviews fnr senior class cxcom
will be helrl tomorrow and Wednes
day from 7:30 to 0 p.m. in the maga
zine room of the Women's Club
house.
Any interested senior who is un
able to attend the interview should
contact Keith Beckman. '52 prcsi
dnt, Kappa Sigma; Shirley Casella.
vice-president. Lagunita; or Marge
Horchitz, secretary, Guthrie.
Interviews fnr senior class cxcom
will be helrl tomorrow and Wednes
day from 7:30 to 0 p.m. in the maga
zine room of the Women's Club
house.
Any interested senior who is un
able to attend the interview should
contact Keith Beckman. '52 prcsi
dnt, Kappa Sigma; Shirley Casella.
vice-president. Lagunita; or Marge
Horchitz, secretary, Guthrie.
Interviews fnr senior class cxcom
will be helrl tomorrow and Wednes
day from 7:30 to 0 p.m. in the maga
zine room of the Women's Club
house.
Any interested senior who is un
able to attend the interview should
contact Keith Beckman. '52 prcsi
dnt, Kappa Sigma; Shirley Casella.
vice-president. Lagunita; or Marge
Horchitz, secretary, Guthrie.
Interviews fnr senior class cxcom
will be helrl tomorrow and Wednes
day from 7:30 to 0 p.m. in the maga
zine room of the Women's Club
house.
Any interested senior who is un
able to attend the interview should
contact Keith Beckman. '52 prcsi
dnt, Kappa Sigma; Shirley Casella.
vice-president. Lagunita; or Marge
Horchitz, secretary, Guthrie.
