# VILLAGE 310 OFFICERS
## 
### 
House officers for Village 310, a
sophomore group, have been an
nounced. They are: John Horning,
president; John Wolfe and Jim Lar
sen, social chairmen; Bob Skyles,
secretary - treasurer, Ted Williams,
athletic chairman.
House officers for Village 310, a
sophomore group, have been an
nounced. They are: John Horning,
president; John Wolfe and Jim Lar
sen, social chairmen; Bob Skyles,
secretary - treasurer, Ted Williams,
athletic chairman.
House officers for Village 310, a
sophomore group, have been an
nounced. They are: John Horning,
president; John Wolfe and Jim Lar
sen, social chairmen; Bob Skyles,
secretary - treasurer, Ted Williams,
athletic chairman.
House officers for Village 310, a
sophomore group, have been an
nounced. They are: John Horning,
president; John Wolfe and Jim Lar
sen, social chairmen; Bob Skyles,
secretary - treasurer, Ted Williams,
athletic chairman.
House officers for Village 310, a
sophomore group, have been an
nounced. They are: John Horning,
president; John Wolfe and Jim Lar
sen, social chairmen; Bob Skyles,
secretary - treasurer, Ted Williams,
athletic chairman.
House officers for Village 310, a
sophomore group, have been an
nounced. They are: John Horning,
president; John Wolfe and Jim Lar
sen, social chairmen; Bob Skyles,
secretary - treasurer, Ted Williams,
athletic chairman.
House officers for Village 310, a
sophomore group, have been an
nounced. They are: John Horning,
president; John Wolfe and Jim Lar
sen, social chairmen; Bob Skyles,
secretary - treasurer, Ted Williams,
athletic chairman.
House officers for Village 310, a
sophomore group, have been an
nounced. They are: John Horning,
president; John Wolfe and Jim Lar
sen, social chairmen; Bob Skyles,
secretary - treasurer, Ted Williams,
athletic chairman.
House officers for Village 310, a
sophomore group, have been an
nounced. They are: John Horning,
president; John Wolfe and Jim Lar
sen, social chairmen; Bob Skyles,
secretary - treasurer, Ted Williams,
athletic chairman.
House officers for Village 310, a
sophomore group, have been an
nounced. They are: John Horning,
president; John Wolfe and Jim Lar
sen, social chairmen; Bob Skyles,
secretary - treasurer, Ted Williams,
athletic chairman.
House officers for Village 310, a
sophomore group, have been an
nounced. They are: John Horning,
president; John Wolfe and Jim Lar
sen, social chairmen; Bob Skyles,
secretary - treasurer, Ted Williams,
athletic chairman.
House officers for Village 310, a
sophomore group, have been an
nounced. They are: John Horning,
president; John Wolfe and Jim Lar
sen, social chairmen; Bob Skyles,
secretary - treasurer, Ted Williams,
athletic chairman.
House officers for Village 310, a
sophomore group, have been an
nounced. They are: John Horning,
president; John Wolfe and Jim Lar
sen, social chairmen; Bob Skyles,
secretary - treasurer, Ted Williams,
athletic chairman.
House officers for Village 310, a
sophomore group, have been an
nounced. They are: John Horning,
president; John Wolfe and Jim Lar
sen, social chairmen; Bob Skyles,
secretary - treasurer, Ted Williams,
athletic chairman.
House officers for Village 310, a
sophomore group, have been an
nounced. They are: John Horning,
president; John Wolfe and Jim Lar
sen, social chairmen; Bob Skyles,
secretary - treasurer, Ted Williams,
athletic chairman.
House officers for Village 310, a
sophomore group, have been an
nounced. They are: John Horning,
president; John Wolfe and Jim Lar
sen, social chairmen; Bob Skyles,
secretary - treasurer, Ted Williams,
athletic chairman.
