# Narrator Auditions Set For Form Video Show
## 
### 
Auditions will be held in Koom
204, .Memorial Auditorium, to
morrow from 4 to 5 p.m. for the
coming Stanford television series.
All men students are eligible.
Auditions will be held in Koom
204, .Memorial Auditorium, to
morrow from 4 to 5 p.m. for the
coming Stanford television series.
All men students are eligible.
Auditions will be held in Koom
204, .Memorial Auditorium, to
morrow from 4 to 5 p.m. for the
coming Stanford television series.
All men students are eligible.
Auditions will be held in Koom
204, .Memorial Auditorium, to
morrow from 4 to 5 p.m. for the
coming Stanford television series.
All men students are eligible.
Auditions will be held in Koom
204, .Memorial Auditorium, to
morrow from 4 to 5 p.m. for the
coming Stanford television series.
All men students are eligible.
Auditions will be held in Koom
204, .Memorial Auditorium, to
morrow from 4 to 5 p.m. for the
coming Stanford television series.
All men students are eligible.
Auditions will be held in Koom
204, .Memorial Auditorium, to
morrow from 4 to 5 p.m. for the
coming Stanford television series.
All men students are eligible.
Auditions will be held in Koom
204, .Memorial Auditorium, to
morrow from 4 to 5 p.m. for the
coming Stanford television series.
All men students are eligible.
Auditions will be held in Koom
204, .Memorial Auditorium, to
morrow from 4 to 5 p.m. for the
coming Stanford television series.
All men students are eligible.
Auditions will be held in Koom
204, .Memorial Auditorium, to
morrow from 4 to 5 p.m. for the
coming Stanford television series.
All men students are eligible.
Auditions will be held in Koom
204, .Memorial Auditorium, to
morrow from 4 to 5 p.m. for the
coming Stanford television series.
All men students are eligible.
Auditions will be held in Koom
204, .Memorial Auditorium, to
morrow from 4 to 5 p.m. for the
coming Stanford television series.
All men students are eligible.
Auditions will be held in Koom
204, .Memorial Auditorium, to
morrow from 4 to 5 p.m. for the
coming Stanford television series.
All men students are eligible.
Auditions will be held in Koom
204, .Memorial Auditorium, to
morrow from 4 to 5 p.m. for the
coming Stanford television series.
All men students are eligible.
Auditions will be held in Koom
204, .Memorial Auditorium, to
morrow from 4 to 5 p.m. for the
coming Stanford television series.
All men students are eligible.
Auditions will be held in Koom
204, .Memorial Auditorium, to
morrow from 4 to 5 p.m. for the
coming Stanford television series.
All men students are eligible.
