# Diplomats Confer Before UN Meet
## 
### 

RUSSIA'S TEAM—Valerin Zorin, United Nations Soviet delegate; Andrei Gromyko, Russian am
bassador to England; and Andrei Vishinsky, Russian Foreign Minister, confer before opening of
UN General Assembly. —NEA Telephoto

RUSSIA'S TEAM—Valerin Zorin, United Nations Soviet delegate; Andrei Gromyko, Russian am
bassador to England; and Andrei Vishinsky, Russian Foreign Minister, confer before opening of
UN General Assembly. —NEA Telephoto

RUSSIA'S TEAM—Valerin Zorin, United Nations Soviet delegate; Andrei Gromyko, Russian am
bassador to England; and Andrei Vishinsky, Russian Foreign Minister, confer before opening of
UN General Assembly. —NEA Telephoto

RUSSIA'S TEAM—Valerin Zorin, United Nations Soviet delegate; Andrei Gromyko, Russian am
bassador to England; and Andrei Vishinsky, Russian Foreign Minister, confer before opening of
UN General Assembly. —NEA Telephoto

RUSSIA'S TEAM—Valerin Zorin, United Nations Soviet delegate; Andrei Gromyko, Russian am
bassador to England; and Andrei Vishinsky, Russian Foreign Minister, confer before opening of
UN General Assembly. —NEA Telephoto

RUSSIA'S TEAM—Valerin Zorin, United Nations Soviet delegate; Andrei Gromyko, Russian am
bassador to England; and Andrei Vishinsky, Russian Foreign Minister, confer before opening of
UN General Assembly. —NEA Telephoto

RUSSIA'S TEAM—Valerin Zorin, United Nations Soviet delegate; Andrei Gromyko, Russian am
bassador to England; and Andrei Vishinsky, Russian Foreign Minister, confer before opening of
UN General Assembly. —NEA Telephoto

RUSSIA'S TEAM—Valerin Zorin, United Nations Soviet delegate; Andrei Gromyko, Russian am
bassador to England; and Andrei Vishinsky, Russian Foreign Minister, confer before opening of
UN General Assembly. —NEA Telephoto

RUSSIA'S TEAM—Valerin Zorin, United Nations Soviet delegate; Andrei Gromyko, Russian am
bassador to England; and Andrei Vishinsky, Russian Foreign Minister, confer before opening of
UN General Assembly. —NEA Telephoto

RUSSIA'S TEAM—Valerin Zorin, United Nations Soviet delegate; Andrei Gromyko, Russian am
bassador to England; and Andrei Vishinsky, Russian Foreign Minister, confer before opening of
UN General Assembly. —NEA Telephoto

RUSSIA'S TEAM—Valerin Zorin, United Nations Soviet delegate; Andrei Gromyko, Russian am
bassador to England; and Andrei Vishinsky, Russian Foreign Minister, confer before opening of
UN General Assembly. —NEA Telephoto

RUSSIA'S TEAM—Valerin Zorin, United Nations Soviet delegate; Andrei Gromyko, Russian am
bassador to England; and Andrei Vishinsky, Russian Foreign Minister, confer before opening of
UN General Assembly. —NEA Telephoto

RUSSIA'S TEAM—Valerin Zorin, United Nations Soviet delegate; Andrei Gromyko, Russian am
bassador to England; and Andrei Vishinsky, Russian Foreign Minister, confer before opening of
UN General Assembly. —NEA Telephoto

RUSSIA'S TEAM—Valerin Zorin, United Nations Soviet delegate; Andrei Gromyko, Russian am
bassador to England; and Andrei Vishinsky, Russian Foreign Minister, confer before opening of
UN General Assembly. —NEA Telephoto

RUSSIA'S TEAM—Valerin Zorin, United Nations Soviet delegate; Andrei Gromyko, Russian am
bassador to England; and Andrei Vishinsky, Russian Foreign Minister, confer before opening of
UN General Assembly. —NEA Telephoto

RUSSIA'S TEAM—Valerin Zorin, United Nations Soviet delegate; Andrei Gromyko, Russian am
bassador to England; and Andrei Vishinsky, Russian Foreign Minister, confer before opening of
UN General Assembly. —NEA Telephoto
