# Keio Applications
## 
### 
Stanford students have the op
portunity to apply for the sum
mer exchange program between
Stanford and Keio University of
Tokyo.
Those selected for this two
month program will live in a
family in Tokyo, the son or
daughter of which attends Keio
University. The student will
have about three weeks of free
time in which he can travel to
the Northern or Southern tips
of Japan.
The average cost this past
summer included $370 for a
round-trip charter flight, $50 for

transportation and lodging on
group trips with Keio students,
and $100 to $200 in miscellaneous
individual expenses (i.e. travel
and gifts).
The only requirement is suffi
cient interest in Japan and in a
program which involves the stu
dent on constant contact with a
variety of people.
Applications are now avail
able for this ASSU-sponsored
program in the office of the In
ternational Center. Interviews
will take place tonight and to
morrow night at 8:00 p.m., at
the I-Center.
