# ENGINEERS TO REAR AVIATION SPECIALIST AT ASSEMBLY TODAY
## 
### 
Col. Harry H. Blee, '10, specialist of
the United States Department of Coin
merce, will address the engineering
assembly, called for 11 o'clock this
morning in the Little Theatre, on the
subject of "The Commercial and In
dustrial Application of Aeronautics."
The lecture will be illustrated.
Colonel Ulee took his M.E. degree
from Stanford in 1.-11, entering the
U.S. Air Service soon afterward. He
remained in the service during the
World War, advancing to the rank of
Colonel. At present he is lecturing as
a representative of the Department of
Commerce.
Col. Harry H. Blee, '10, specialist of
the United States Department of Coin
merce, will address the engineering
assembly, called for 11 o'clock this
morning in the Little Theatre, on the
subject of "The Commercial and In
dustrial Application of Aeronautics."
The lecture will be illustrated.
Colonel Ulee took his M.E. degree
from Stanford in 1.-11, entering the
U.S. Air Service soon afterward. He
remained in the service during the
World War, advancing to the rank of
Colonel. At present he is lecturing as
a representative of the Department of
Commerce.
Col. Harry H. Blee, '10, specialist of
the United States Department of Coin
merce, will address the engineering
assembly, called for 11 o'clock this
morning in the Little Theatre, on the
subject of "The Commercial and In
dustrial Application of Aeronautics."
The lecture will be illustrated.
Colonel Ulee took his M.E. degree
from Stanford in 1.-11, entering the
U.S. Air Service soon afterward. He
remained in the service during the
World War, advancing to the rank of
Colonel. At present he is lecturing as
a representative of the Department of
Commerce.
Col. Harry H. Blee, '10, specialist of
the United States Department of Coin
merce, will address the engineering
assembly, called for 11 o'clock this
morning in the Little Theatre, on the
subject of "The Commercial and In
dustrial Application of Aeronautics."
The lecture will be illustrated.
Colonel Ulee took his M.E. degree
from Stanford in 1.-11, entering the
U.S. Air Service soon afterward. He
remained in the service during the
World War, advancing to the rank of
Colonel. At present he is lecturing as
a representative of the Department of
Commerce.
Col. Harry H. Blee, '10, specialist of
the United States Department of Coin
merce, will address the engineering
assembly, called for 11 o'clock this
morning in the Little Theatre, on the
subject of "The Commercial and In
dustrial Application of Aeronautics."
The lecture will be illustrated.
Colonel Ulee took his M.E. degree
from Stanford in 1.-11, entering the
U.S. Air Service soon afterward. He
remained in the service during the
World War, advancing to the rank of
Colonel. At present he is lecturing as
a representative of the Department of
Commerce.
Col. Harry H. Blee, '10, specialist of
the United States Department of Coin
merce, will address the engineering
assembly, called for 11 o'clock this
morning in the Little Theatre, on the
subject of "The Commercial and In
dustrial Application of Aeronautics."
The lecture will be illustrated.
Colonel Ulee took his M.E. degree
from Stanford in 1.-11, entering the
U.S. Air Service soon afterward. He
remained in the service during the
World War, advancing to the rank of
Colonel. At present he is lecturing as
a representative of the Department of
Commerce.
Col. Harry H. Blee, '10, specialist of
the United States Department of Coin
merce, will address the engineering
assembly, called for 11 o'clock this
morning in the Little Theatre, on the
subject of "The Commercial and In
dustrial Application of Aeronautics."
The lecture will be illustrated.
Colonel Ulee took his M.E. degree
from Stanford in 1.-11, entering the
U.S. Air Service soon afterward. He
remained in the service during the
World War, advancing to the rank of
Colonel. At present he is lecturing as
a representative of the Department of
Commerce.
Col. Harry H. Blee, '10, specialist of
the United States Department of Coin
merce, will address the engineering
assembly, called for 11 o'clock this
morning in the Little Theatre, on the
subject of "The Commercial and In
dustrial Application of Aeronautics."
The lecture will be illustrated.
Colonel Ulee took his M.E. degree
from Stanford in 1.-11, entering the
U.S. Air Service soon afterward. He
remained in the service during the
World War, advancing to the rank of
Colonel. At present he is lecturing as
a representative of the Department of
Commerce.
Col. Harry H. Blee, '10, specialist of
the United States Department of Coin
merce, will address the engineering
assembly, called for 11 o'clock this
morning in the Little Theatre, on the
subject of "The Commercial and In
dustrial Application of Aeronautics."
The lecture will be illustrated.
Colonel Ulee took his M.E. degree
from Stanford in 1.-11, entering the
U.S. Air Service soon afterward. He
remained in the service during the
World War, advancing to the rank of
Colonel. At present he is lecturing as
a representative of the Department of
Commerce.
Col. Harry H. Blee, '10, specialist of
the United States Department of Coin
merce, will address the engineering
assembly, called for 11 o'clock this
morning in the Little Theatre, on the
subject of "The Commercial and In
dustrial Application of Aeronautics."
The lecture will be illustrated.
Colonel Ulee took his M.E. degree
from Stanford in 1.-11, entering the
U.S. Air Service soon afterward. He
remained in the service during the
World War, advancing to the rank of
Colonel. At present he is lecturing as
a representative of the Department of
Commerce.
Col. Harry H. Blee, '10, specialist of
the United States Department of Coin
merce, will address the engineering
assembly, called for 11 o'clock this
morning in the Little Theatre, on the
subject of "The Commercial and In
dustrial Application of Aeronautics."
The lecture will be illustrated.
Colonel Ulee took his M.E. degree
from Stanford in 1.-11, entering the
U.S. Air Service soon afterward. He
remained in the service during the
World War, advancing to the rank of
Colonel. At present he is lecturing as
a representative of the Department of
Commerce.
Col. Harry H. Blee, '10, specialist of
the United States Department of Coin
merce, will address the engineering
assembly, called for 11 o'clock this
morning in the Little Theatre, on the
subject of "The Commercial and In
dustrial Application of Aeronautics."
The lecture will be illustrated.
Colonel Ulee took his M.E. degree
from Stanford in 1.-11, entering the
U.S. Air Service soon afterward. He
remained in the service during the
World War, advancing to the rank of
Colonel. At present he is lecturing as
a representative of the Department of
Commerce.
Col. Harry H. Blee, '10, specialist of
the United States Department of Coin
merce, will address the engineering
assembly, called for 11 o'clock this
morning in the Little Theatre, on the
subject of "The Commercial and In
dustrial Application of Aeronautics."
The lecture will be illustrated.
Colonel Ulee took his M.E. degree
from Stanford in 1.-11, entering the
U.S. Air Service soon afterward. He
remained in the service during the
World War, advancing to the rank of
Colonel. At present he is lecturing as
a representative of the Department of
Commerce.
Col. Harry H. Blee, '10, specialist of
the United States Department of Coin
merce, will address the engineering
assembly, called for 11 o'clock this
morning in the Little Theatre, on the
subject of "The Commercial and In
dustrial Application of Aeronautics."
The lecture will be illustrated.
Colonel Ulee took his M.E. degree
from Stanford in 1.-11, entering the
U.S. Air Service soon afterward. He
remained in the service during the
World War, advancing to the rank of
Colonel. At present he is lecturing as
a representative of the Department of
Commerce.
Col. Harry H. Blee, '10, specialist of
the United States Department of Coin
merce, will address the engineering
assembly, called for 11 o'clock this
morning in the Little Theatre, on the
subject of "The Commercial and In
dustrial Application of Aeronautics."
The lecture will be illustrated.
Colonel Ulee took his M.E. degree
from Stanford in 1.-11, entering the
U.S. Air Service soon afterward. He
remained in the service during the
World War, advancing to the rank of
Colonel. At present he is lecturing as
a representative of the Department of
Commerce.
