# FUND TO ESTABLISH COURSE IN EUGENICS REFUSED BY HARVARD
## 
### 
Harvard University has declined
$60,000 left to found a course in
eugenics. Dr. Mears, who left the
fund, was especially interested in
treatment of defective and criminal
classes by surgical procedure.
The alumni of the university are
strougly divided in regard to the ac
tion of the trustees. The majority are
said to believe that Harvard has dona
the right thing in refusing the legacy
for such a "foolish purpose." Other
graduates believe that Harvard should
forget its attitude against modern im
provements, and accept Dr. Mears'
gift.
Harvard University has declined
$60,000 left to found a course in
eugenics. Dr. Mears, who left the
fund, was especially interested in
treatment of defective and criminal
classes by surgical procedure.
The alumni of the university are
strougly divided in regard to the ac
tion of the trustees. The majority are
said to believe that Harvard has dona
the right thing in refusing the legacy
for such a "foolish purpose." Other
graduates believe that Harvard should
forget its attitude against modern im
provements, and accept Dr. Mears'
gift.
Harvard University has declined
$60,000 left to found a course in
eugenics. Dr. Mears, who left the
fund, was especially interested in
treatment of defective and criminal
classes by surgical procedure.
The alumni of the university are
strougly divided in regard to the ac
tion of the trustees. The majority are
said to believe that Harvard has dona
the right thing in refusing the legacy
for such a "foolish purpose." Other
graduates believe that Harvard should
forget its attitude against modern im
provements, and accept Dr. Mears'
gift.
Harvard University has declined
$60,000 left to found a course in
eugenics. Dr. Mears, who left the
fund, was especially interested in
treatment of defective and criminal
classes by surgical procedure.
The alumni of the university are
strougly divided in regard to the ac
tion of the trustees. The majority are
said to believe that Harvard has dona
the right thing in refusing the legacy
for such a "foolish purpose." Other
graduates believe that Harvard should
forget its attitude against modern im
provements, and accept Dr. Mears'
gift.
Harvard University has declined
$60,000 left to found a course in
eugenics. Dr. Mears, who left the
fund, was especially interested in
treatment of defective and criminal
classes by surgical procedure.
The alumni of the university are
strougly divided in regard to the ac
tion of the trustees. The majority are
said to believe that Harvard has dona
the right thing in refusing the legacy
for such a "foolish purpose." Other
graduates believe that Harvard should
forget its attitude against modern im
provements, and accept Dr. Mears'
gift.
Harvard University has declined
$60,000 left to found a course in
eugenics. Dr. Mears, who left the
fund, was especially interested in
treatment of defective and criminal
classes by surgical procedure.
The alumni of the university are
strougly divided in regard to the ac
tion of the trustees. The majority are
said to believe that Harvard has dona
the right thing in refusing the legacy
for such a "foolish purpose." Other
graduates believe that Harvard should
forget its attitude against modern im
provements, and accept Dr. Mears'
gift.
Harvard University has declined
$60,000 left to found a course in
eugenics. Dr. Mears, who left the
fund, was especially interested in
treatment of defective and criminal
classes by surgical procedure.
The alumni of the university are
strougly divided in regard to the ac
tion of the trustees. The majority are
said to believe that Harvard has dona
the right thing in refusing the legacy
for such a "foolish purpose." Other
graduates believe that Harvard should
forget its attitude against modern im
provements, and accept Dr. Mears'
gift.
Harvard University has declined
$60,000 left to found a course in
eugenics. Dr. Mears, who left the
fund, was especially interested in
treatment of defective and criminal
classes by surgical procedure.
The alumni of the university are
strougly divided in regard to the ac
tion of the trustees. The majority are
said to believe that Harvard has dona
the right thing in refusing the legacy
for such a "foolish purpose." Other
graduates believe that Harvard should
forget its attitude against modern im
provements, and accept Dr. Mears'
gift.
Harvard University has declined
$60,000 left to found a course in
eugenics. Dr. Mears, who left the
fund, was especially interested in
treatment of defective and criminal
classes by surgical procedure.
The alumni of the university are
strougly divided in regard to the ac
tion of the trustees. The majority are
said to believe that Harvard has dona
the right thing in refusing the legacy
for such a "foolish purpose." Other
graduates believe that Harvard should
forget its attitude against modern im
provements, and accept Dr. Mears'
gift.
Harvard University has declined
$60,000 left to found a course in
eugenics. Dr. Mears, who left the
fund, was especially interested in
treatment of defective and criminal
classes by surgical procedure.
The alumni of the university are
strougly divided in regard to the ac
tion of the trustees. The majority are
said to believe that Harvard has dona
the right thing in refusing the legacy
for such a "foolish purpose." Other
graduates believe that Harvard should
forget its attitude against modern im
provements, and accept Dr. Mears'
gift.
Harvard University has declined
$60,000 left to found a course in
eugenics. Dr. Mears, who left the
fund, was especially interested in
treatment of defective and criminal
classes by surgical procedure.
The alumni of the university are
strougly divided in regard to the ac
tion of the trustees. The majority are
said to believe that Harvard has dona
the right thing in refusing the legacy
for such a "foolish purpose." Other
graduates believe that Harvard should
forget its attitude against modern im
provements, and accept Dr. Mears'
gift.
Harvard University has declined
$60,000 left to found a course in
eugenics. Dr. Mears, who left the
fund, was especially interested in
treatment of defective and criminal
classes by surgical procedure.
The alumni of the university are
strougly divided in regard to the ac
tion of the trustees. The majority are
said to believe that Harvard has dona
the right thing in refusing the legacy
for such a "foolish purpose." Other
graduates believe that Harvard should
forget its attitude against modern im
provements, and accept Dr. Mears'
gift.
Harvard University has declined
$60,000 left to found a course in
eugenics. Dr. Mears, who left the
fund, was especially interested in
treatment of defective and criminal
classes by surgical procedure.
The alumni of the university are
strougly divided in regard to the ac
tion of the trustees. The majority are
said to believe that Harvard has dona
the right thing in refusing the legacy
for such a "foolish purpose." Other
graduates believe that Harvard should
forget its attitude against modern im
provements, and accept Dr. Mears'
gift.
Harvard University has declined
$60,000 left to found a course in
eugenics. Dr. Mears, who left the
fund, was especially interested in
treatment of defective and criminal
classes by surgical procedure.
The alumni of the university are
strougly divided in regard to the ac
tion of the trustees. The majority are
said to believe that Harvard has dona
the right thing in refusing the legacy
for such a "foolish purpose." Other
graduates believe that Harvard should
forget its attitude against modern im
provements, and accept Dr. Mears'
gift.
Harvard University has declined
$60,000 left to found a course in
eugenics. Dr. Mears, who left the
fund, was especially interested in
treatment of defective and criminal
classes by surgical procedure.
The alumni of the university are
strougly divided in regard to the ac
tion of the trustees. The majority are
said to believe that Harvard has dona
the right thing in refusing the legacy
for such a "foolish purpose." Other
graduates believe that Harvard should
forget its attitude against modern im
provements, and accept Dr. Mears'
gift.
