# Musicians Select Officers.
## 
### 
The members of the Mandolin
Club met last night and elected
the following men for next Jyear:
Leader, Harry Lanagan, '04; man
ager, It. N. Park, '04; executive
committee, Norman Dole, '03, Nor
man Collyer, '04.
Following the Mandolin Club
meeting there was an election for
president and secretary of the com
bined clubs. B. E. Nourse, '03,
was elected president, and Brooks
Sharp, '03, secretary-treasurer.
The executive committee of the
combined clubs is composed of the
executive committees of the Man
dolin Club and the Glee Club â€”
B. It. Cocks, '04, H. E. Bush, '05,
N. Dole, '03, and N. Collyer, '04.
Arch Pcrrin, '03, is leader of the
Glee Club.
