# IFC ELECTIONS
## 
### 
Interfraternity Council has elect
ed Tony Garret, Zeta Psi, as presi
dent and Bob WyeofT, Delta Tau
Delta, a.s secretary.
Interfraternity Council has elect
ed Tony Garret, Zeta Psi, as presi
dent and Bob WyeofT, Delta Tau
Delta, a.s secretary.
Interfraternity Council has elect
ed Tony Garret, Zeta Psi, as presi
dent and Bob WyeofT, Delta Tau
Delta, a.s secretary.
Interfraternity Council has elect
ed Tony Garret, Zeta Psi, as presi
dent and Bob WyeofT, Delta Tau
Delta, a.s secretary.
Interfraternity Council has elect
ed Tony Garret, Zeta Psi, as presi
dent and Bob WyeofT, Delta Tau
Delta, a.s secretary.
Interfraternity Council has elect
ed Tony Garret, Zeta Psi, as presi
dent and Bob WyeofT, Delta Tau
Delta, a.s secretary.
Interfraternity Council has elect
ed Tony Garret, Zeta Psi, as presi
dent and Bob WyeofT, Delta Tau
Delta, a.s secretary.
Interfraternity Council has elect
ed Tony Garret, Zeta Psi, as presi
dent and Bob WyeofT, Delta Tau
Delta, a.s secretary.
Interfraternity Council has elect
ed Tony Garret, Zeta Psi, as presi
dent and Bob WyeofT, Delta Tau
Delta, a.s secretary.
Interfraternity Council has elect
ed Tony Garret, Zeta Psi, as presi
dent and Bob WyeofT, Delta Tau
Delta, a.s secretary.
Interfraternity Council has elect
ed Tony Garret, Zeta Psi, as presi
dent and Bob WyeofT, Delta Tau
Delta, a.s secretary.
Interfraternity Council has elect
ed Tony Garret, Zeta Psi, as presi
dent and Bob WyeofT, Delta Tau
Delta, a.s secretary.
Interfraternity Council has elect
ed Tony Garret, Zeta Psi, as presi
dent and Bob WyeofT, Delta Tau
Delta, a.s secretary.
Interfraternity Council has elect
ed Tony Garret, Zeta Psi, as presi
dent and Bob WyeofT, Delta Tau
Delta, a.s secretary.
Interfraternity Council has elect
ed Tony Garret, Zeta Psi, as presi
dent and Bob WyeofT, Delta Tau
Delta, a.s secretary.
