# Co-Rec Forms Club Council
## 
### 
Club Council, a part of the Co-Rec
Association recently formed by Ex
com, was officially formed and the
constitution ratified at the Club's
first meeting last Thursday evening.
The Council consists of the presi
dents of 11 campus organizations,
members of the Co-Rec Association,
representing over 1000 students. The
functions of the newly-form asso
ciation is to promote co-recreational
activities and to develop a broad pro
gram of informal social activities.
Bill Grishaw, president of Hoe
downers, was elected chairman of the
Club Council. An interviewing com
mittee for students interested in
being appointed president, secretary
treasurer, and publicity director for
the executive board of Co-Rec was
also formed.
Club Council, a part of the Co-Rec
Association recently formed by Ex
com, was officially formed and the
constitution ratified at the Club's
first meeting last Thursday evening.
The Council consists of the presi
dents of 11 campus organizations,
members of the Co-Rec Association,
representing over 1000 students. The
functions of the newly-form asso
ciation is to promote co-recreational
activities and to develop a broad pro
gram of informal social activities.
Bill Grishaw, president of Hoe
downers, was elected chairman of the
Club Council. An interviewing com
mittee for students interested in
being appointed president, secretary
treasurer, and publicity director for
the executive board of Co-Rec was
also formed.
Club Council, a part of the Co-Rec
Association recently formed by Ex
com, was officially formed and the
constitution ratified at the Club's
first meeting last Thursday evening.
The Council consists of the presi
dents of 11 campus organizations,
members of the Co-Rec Association,
representing over 1000 students. The
functions of the newly-form asso
ciation is to promote co-recreational
activities and to develop a broad pro
gram of informal social activities.
Bill Grishaw, president of Hoe
downers, was elected chairman of the
Club Council. An interviewing com
mittee for students interested in
being appointed president, secretary
treasurer, and publicity director for
the executive board of Co-Rec was
also formed.
Club Council, a part of the Co-Rec
Association recently formed by Ex
com, was officially formed and the
constitution ratified at the Club's
first meeting last Thursday evening.
The Council consists of the presi
dents of 11 campus organizations,
members of the Co-Rec Association,
representing over 1000 students. The
functions of the newly-form asso
ciation is to promote co-recreational
activities and to develop a broad pro
gram of informal social activities.
Bill Grishaw, president of Hoe
downers, was elected chairman of the
Club Council. An interviewing com
mittee for students interested in
being appointed president, secretary
treasurer, and publicity director for
the executive board of Co-Rec was
also formed.
Club Council, a part of the Co-Rec
Association recently formed by Ex
com, was officially formed and the
constitution ratified at the Club's
first meeting last Thursday evening.
The Council consists of the presi
dents of 11 campus organizations,
members of the Co-Rec Association,
representing over 1000 students. The
functions of the newly-form asso
ciation is to promote co-recreational
activities and to develop a broad pro
gram of informal social activities.
Bill Grishaw, president of Hoe
downers, was elected chairman of the
Club Council. An interviewing com
mittee for students interested in
being appointed president, secretary
treasurer, and publicity director for
the executive board of Co-Rec was
also formed.
Club Council, a part of the Co-Rec
Association recently formed by Ex
com, was officially formed and the
constitution ratified at the Club's
first meeting last Thursday evening.
The Council consists of the presi
dents of 11 campus organizations,
members of the Co-Rec Association,
representing over 1000 students. The
functions of the newly-form asso
ciation is to promote co-recreational
activities and to develop a broad pro
gram of informal social activities.
Bill Grishaw, president of Hoe
downers, was elected chairman of the
Club Council. An interviewing com
mittee for students interested in
being appointed president, secretary
treasurer, and publicity director for
the executive board of Co-Rec was
also formed.
Club Council, a part of the Co-Rec
Association recently formed by Ex
com, was officially formed and the
constitution ratified at the Club's
first meeting last Thursday evening.
The Council consists of the presi
dents of 11 campus organizations,
members of the Co-Rec Association,
representing over 1000 students. The
functions of the newly-form asso
ciation is to promote co-recreational
activities and to develop a broad pro
gram of informal social activities.
Bill Grishaw, president of Hoe
downers, was elected chairman of the
Club Council. An interviewing com
mittee for students interested in
being appointed president, secretary
treasurer, and publicity director for
the executive board of Co-Rec was
also formed.
Club Council, a part of the Co-Rec
Association recently formed by Ex
com, was officially formed and the
constitution ratified at the Club's
first meeting last Thursday evening.
The Council consists of the presi
dents of 11 campus organizations,
members of the Co-Rec Association,
representing over 1000 students. The
functions of the newly-form asso
ciation is to promote co-recreational
activities and to develop a broad pro
gram of informal social activities.
Bill Grishaw, president of Hoe
downers, was elected chairman of the
Club Council. An interviewing com
mittee for students interested in
being appointed president, secretary
treasurer, and publicity director for
the executive board of Co-Rec was
also formed.
Club Council, a part of the Co-Rec
Association recently formed by Ex
com, was officially formed and the
constitution ratified at the Club's
first meeting last Thursday evening.
The Council consists of the presi
dents of 11 campus organizations,
members of the Co-Rec Association,
representing over 1000 students. The
functions of the newly-form asso
ciation is to promote co-recreational
activities and to develop a broad pro
gram of informal social activities.
Bill Grishaw, president of Hoe
downers, was elected chairman of the
Club Council. An interviewing com
mittee for students interested in
being appointed president, secretary
treasurer, and publicity director for
the executive board of Co-Rec was
also formed.
Club Council, a part of the Co-Rec
Association recently formed by Ex
com, was officially formed and the
constitution ratified at the Club's
first meeting last Thursday evening.
The Council consists of the presi
dents of 11 campus organizations,
members of the Co-Rec Association,
representing over 1000 students. The
functions of the newly-form asso
ciation is to promote co-recreational
activities and to develop a broad pro
gram of informal social activities.
Bill Grishaw, president of Hoe
downers, was elected chairman of the
Club Council. An interviewing com
mittee for students interested in
being appointed president, secretary
treasurer, and publicity director for
the executive board of Co-Rec was
also formed.
Club Council, a part of the Co-Rec
Association recently formed by Ex
com, was officially formed and the
constitution ratified at the Club's
first meeting last Thursday evening.
The Council consists of the presi
dents of 11 campus organizations,
members of the Co-Rec Association,
representing over 1000 students. The
functions of the newly-form asso
ciation is to promote co-recreational
activities and to develop a broad pro
gram of informal social activities.
Bill Grishaw, president of Hoe
downers, was elected chairman of the
Club Council. An interviewing com
mittee for students interested in
being appointed president, secretary
treasurer, and publicity director for
the executive board of Co-Rec was
also formed.
Club Council, a part of the Co-Rec
Association recently formed by Ex
com, was officially formed and the
constitution ratified at the Club's
first meeting last Thursday evening.
The Council consists of the presi
dents of 11 campus organizations,
members of the Co-Rec Association,
representing over 1000 students. The
functions of the newly-form asso
ciation is to promote co-recreational
activities and to develop a broad pro
gram of informal social activities.
Bill Grishaw, president of Hoe
downers, was elected chairman of the
Club Council. An interviewing com
mittee for students interested in
being appointed president, secretary
treasurer, and publicity director for
the executive board of Co-Rec was
also formed.
Club Council, a part of the Co-Rec
Association recently formed by Ex
com, was officially formed and the
constitution ratified at the Club's
first meeting last Thursday evening.
The Council consists of the presi
dents of 11 campus organizations,
members of the Co-Rec Association,
representing over 1000 students. The
functions of the newly-form asso
ciation is to promote co-recreational
activities and to develop a broad pro
gram of informal social activities.
Bill Grishaw, president of Hoe
downers, was elected chairman of the
Club Council. An interviewing com
mittee for students interested in
being appointed president, secretary
treasurer, and publicity director for
the executive board of Co-Rec was
also formed.
Club Council, a part of the Co-Rec
Association recently formed by Ex
com, was officially formed and the
constitution ratified at the Club's
first meeting last Thursday evening.
The Council consists of the presi
dents of 11 campus organizations,
members of the Co-Rec Association,
representing over 1000 students. The
functions of the newly-form asso
ciation is to promote co-recreational
activities and to develop a broad pro
gram of informal social activities.
Bill Grishaw, president of Hoe
downers, was elected chairman of the
Club Council. An interviewing com
mittee for students interested in
being appointed president, secretary
treasurer, and publicity director for
the executive board of Co-Rec was
also formed.
Club Council, a part of the Co-Rec
Association recently formed by Ex
com, was officially formed and the
constitution ratified at the Club's
first meeting last Thursday evening.
The Council consists of the presi
dents of 11 campus organizations,
members of the Co-Rec Association,
representing over 1000 students. The
functions of the newly-form asso
ciation is to promote co-recreational
activities and to develop a broad pro
gram of informal social activities.
Bill Grishaw, president of Hoe
downers, was elected chairman of the
Club Council. An interviewing com
mittee for students interested in
being appointed president, secretary
treasurer, and publicity director for
the executive board of Co-Rec was
also formed.
