# THE 						WEATHER
## 
### 
BAY AREA—High fog clearing in
afternoon cxecpt near c<»iist today.
Partly cloudy tomorrow. Little
change in tempera! lire. m»w this
morning, 45-50; lii«li today, ®2.
BAY AREA—High fog clearing in
afternoon cxecpt near c<»iist today.
Partly cloudy tomorrow. Little
change in tempera! lire. m»w this
morning, 45-50; lii«li today, ®2.
BAY AREA—High fog clearing in
afternoon cxecpt near c<»iist today.
Partly cloudy tomorrow. Little
change in tempera! lire. m»w this
morning, 45-50; lii«li today, ®2.
BAY AREA—High fog clearing in
afternoon cxecpt near c<»iist today.
Partly cloudy tomorrow. Little
change in tempera! lire. m»w this
morning, 45-50; lii«li today, ®2.
BAY AREA—High fog clearing in
afternoon cxecpt near c<»iist today.
Partly cloudy tomorrow. Little
change in tempera! lire. m»w this
morning, 45-50; lii«li today, ®2.
BAY AREA—High fog clearing in
afternoon cxecpt near c<»iist today.
Partly cloudy tomorrow. Little
change in tempera! lire. m»w this
morning, 45-50; lii«li today, ®2.
BAY AREA—High fog clearing in
afternoon cxecpt near c<»iist today.
Partly cloudy tomorrow. Little
change in tempera! lire. m»w this
morning, 45-50; lii«li today, ®2.
BAY AREA—High fog clearing in
afternoon cxecpt near c<»iist today.
Partly cloudy tomorrow. Little
change in tempera! lire. m»w this
morning, 45-50; lii«li today, ®2.
BAY AREA—High fog clearing in
afternoon cxecpt near c<»iist today.
Partly cloudy tomorrow. Little
change in tempera! lire. m»w this
morning, 45-50; lii«li today, ®2.
BAY AREA—High fog clearing in
afternoon cxecpt near c<»iist today.
Partly cloudy tomorrow. Little
change in tempera! lire. m»w this
morning, 45-50; lii«li today, ®2.
BAY AREA—High fog clearing in
afternoon cxecpt near c<»iist today.
Partly cloudy tomorrow. Little
change in tempera! lire. m»w this
morning, 45-50; lii«li today, ®2.
BAY AREA—High fog clearing in
afternoon cxecpt near c<»iist today.
Partly cloudy tomorrow. Little
change in tempera! lire. m»w this
morning, 45-50; lii«li today, ®2.
BAY AREA—High fog clearing in
afternoon cxecpt near c<»iist today.
Partly cloudy tomorrow. Little
change in tempera! lire. m»w this
morning, 45-50; lii«li today, ®2.
BAY AREA—High fog clearing in
afternoon cxecpt near c<»iist today.
Partly cloudy tomorrow. Little
change in tempera! lire. m»w this
morning, 45-50; lii«li today, ®2.
BAY AREA—High fog clearing in
afternoon cxecpt near c<»iist today.
Partly cloudy tomorrow. Little
change in tempera! lire. m»w this
morning, 45-50; lii«li today, ®2.
