# Adv. 3 Page 1
## 
### 
get up
Get up and cheer for
men's basketball — they
beat Utah last night.
page 6
get up
Get up and cheer for
men's basketball — they
beat Utah last night.
page 6
get up
Get up and cheer for
men's basketball — they
beat Utah last night.
page 6
get up
Get up and cheer for
men's basketball — they
beat Utah last night.
page 6
get up
Get up and cheer for
men's basketball — they
beat Utah last night.
page 6
get up
Get up and cheer for
men's basketball — they
beat Utah last night.
page 6
get up
Get up and cheer for
men's basketball — they
beat Utah last night.
page 6
get up
Get up and cheer for
men's basketball — they
beat Utah last night.
page 6
