# Mothers' Club Will Offer Tea Plus Chrysanthemums
## 
### 
The "Generation Gap" may be
ever so slightly decreased to
morrow afternoon in Lagunita
Court through a mixture of
chrysanthemums, teas, mothers,
and students.
The occasion is the Mothers'
Club's thirty-eighth annual
Chrysanthemum Tea, scheduled
from 1:30 to 4 p.m.
Aided by more than sixty
Stanford students, this year's
Tea includes a Saks-Fifth Ave
nue fashion show, a musical pro
gram by the Mendicants, tables
loaded with gourmet delights,

and, of course, the sale of chry
santhemums.
The fashion segment will fea
ture three Stanford girls—Kar
ren Abbott, Susan Thompson,
and Christine Hoover (a recent
graduate)—after which the four
teen male vocalists will perform
some of their latest numbers
along with popular past selec
tions.
An international spirit will
pervade the gathering as one
thousand Peroshkies (Russian
pastries), made and donated by
Mrs. James Luck, are served,
and foreign students don their
native dress.
Representing America in their
own originals will be hostesses

Janine Henshaw, Annette Buck
waiter, Nona Sears, and Karren
Abbott. Twenty-four Stanford
women will work in shifts sell
ing the corsages.
As always, the Tea is entirely
for the benefit of Stanford stu
dents. Last year, for example,
four $1770 scholarships were
given as well as $1025 to the
Health Center, $4000 in grants,
$2450 for emergency needs of
individual students, and $14,555
to the University for emergency
needs.
One of the few campus events
representing parents, students,
and friends of Stanford, the Tea
enthusiastically welcomes wide
student participation.
The "Generation Gap" may be
ever so slightly decreased to
morrow afternoon in Lagunita
Court through a mixture of
chrysanthemums, teas, mothers,
and students.
The occasion is the Mothers'
Club's thirty-eighth annual
Chrysanthemum Tea, scheduled
from 1:30 to 4 p.m.
Aided by more than sixty
Stanford students, this year's
Tea includes a Saks-Fifth Ave
nue fashion show, a musical pro
gram by the Mendicants, tables
loaded with gourmet delights,

and, of course, the sale of chry
santhemums.
The fashion segment will fea
ture three Stanford girls—Kar
ren Abbott, Susan Thompson,
and Christine Hoover (a recent
graduate)—after which the four
teen male vocalists will perform
some of their latest numbers
along with popular past selec
tions.
An international spirit will
pervade the gathering as one
thousand Peroshkies (Russian
pastries), made and donated by
Mrs. James Luck, are served,
and foreign students don their
native dress.
Representing America in their
own originals will be hostesses

Janine Henshaw, Annette Buck
waiter, Nona Sears, and Karren
Abbott. Twenty-four Stanford
women will work in shifts sell
ing the corsages.
As always, the Tea is entirely
for the benefit of Stanford stu
dents. Last year, for example,
four $1770 scholarships were
given as well as $1025 to the
Health Center, $4000 in grants,
$2450 for emergency needs of
individual students, and $14,555
to the University for emergency
needs.
One of the few campus events
representing parents, students,
and friends of Stanford, the Tea
enthusiastically welcomes wide
student participation.
The "Generation Gap" may be
ever so slightly decreased to
morrow afternoon in Lagunita
Court through a mixture of
chrysanthemums, teas, mothers,
and students.
The occasion is the Mothers'
Club's thirty-eighth annual
Chrysanthemum Tea, scheduled
from 1:30 to 4 p.m.
Aided by more than sixty
Stanford students, this year's
Tea includes a Saks-Fifth Ave
nue fashion show, a musical pro
gram by the Mendicants, tables
loaded with gourmet delights,

and, of course, the sale of chry
santhemums.
The fashion segment will fea
ture three Stanford girls—Kar
ren Abbott, Susan Thompson,
and Christine Hoover (a recent
graduate)—after which the four
teen male vocalists will perform
some of their latest numbers
along with popular past selec
tions.
An international spirit will
pervade the gathering as one
thousand Peroshkies (Russian
pastries), made and donated by
Mrs. James Luck, are served,
and foreign students don their
native dress.
Representing America in their
own originals will be hostesses

Janine Henshaw, Annette Buck
waiter, Nona Sears, and Karren
Abbott. Twenty-four Stanford
women will work in shifts sell
ing the corsages.
As always, the Tea is entirely
for the benefit of Stanford stu
dents. Last year, for example,
four $1770 scholarships were
given as well as $1025 to the
Health Center, $4000 in grants,
$2450 for emergency needs of
individual students, and $14,555
to the University for emergency
needs.
One of the few campus events
representing parents, students,
and friends of Stanford, the Tea
enthusiastically welcomes wide
student participation.
The "Generation Gap" may be
ever so slightly decreased to
morrow afternoon in Lagunita
Court through a mixture of
chrysanthemums, teas, mothers,
and students.
The occasion is the Mothers'
Club's thirty-eighth annual
Chrysanthemum Tea, scheduled
from 1:30 to 4 p.m.
Aided by more than sixty
Stanford students, this year's
Tea includes a Saks-Fifth Ave
nue fashion show, a musical pro
gram by the Mendicants, tables
loaded with gourmet delights,

and, of course, the sale of chry
santhemums.
The fashion segment will fea
ture three Stanford girls—Kar
ren Abbott, Susan Thompson,
and Christine Hoover (a recent
graduate)—after which the four
teen male vocalists will perform
some of their latest numbers
along with popular past selec
tions.
An international spirit will
pervade the gathering as one
thousand Peroshkies (Russian
pastries), made and donated by
Mrs. James Luck, are served,
and foreign students don their
native dress.
Representing America in their
own originals will be hostesses

Janine Henshaw, Annette Buck
waiter, Nona Sears, and Karren
Abbott. Twenty-four Stanford
women will work in shifts sell
ing the corsages.
As always, the Tea is entirely
for the benefit of Stanford stu
dents. Last year, for example,
four $1770 scholarships were
given as well as $1025 to the
Health Center, $4000 in grants,
$2450 for emergency needs of
individual students, and $14,555
to the University for emergency
needs.
One of the few campus events
representing parents, students,
and friends of Stanford, the Tea
enthusiastically welcomes wide
student participation.
The "Generation Gap" may be
ever so slightly decreased to
morrow afternoon in Lagunita
Court through a mixture of
chrysanthemums, teas, mothers,
and students.
The occasion is the Mothers'
Club's thirty-eighth annual
Chrysanthemum Tea, scheduled
from 1:30 to 4 p.m.
Aided by more than sixty
Stanford students, this year's
Tea includes a Saks-Fifth Ave
nue fashion show, a musical pro
gram by the Mendicants, tables
loaded with gourmet delights,

and, of course, the sale of chry
santhemums.
The fashion segment will fea
ture three Stanford girls—Kar
ren Abbott, Susan Thompson,
and Christine Hoover (a recent
graduate)—after which the four
teen male vocalists will perform
some of their latest numbers
along with popular past selec
tions.
An international spirit will
pervade the gathering as one
thousand Peroshkies (Russian
pastries), made and donated by
Mrs. James Luck, are served,
and foreign students don their
native dress.
Representing America in their
own originals will be hostesses

Janine Henshaw, Annette Buck
waiter, Nona Sears, and Karren
Abbott. Twenty-four Stanford
women will work in shifts sell
ing the corsages.
As always, the Tea is entirely
for the benefit of Stanford stu
dents. Last year, for example,
four $1770 scholarships were
given as well as $1025 to the
Health Center, $4000 in grants,
$2450 for emergency needs of
individual students, and $14,555
to the University for emergency
needs.
One of the few campus events
representing parents, students,
and friends of Stanford, the Tea
enthusiastically welcomes wide
student participation.
The "Generation Gap" may be
ever so slightly decreased to
morrow afternoon in Lagunita
Court through a mixture of
chrysanthemums, teas, mothers,
and students.
The occasion is the Mothers'
Club's thirty-eighth annual
Chrysanthemum Tea, scheduled
from 1:30 to 4 p.m.
Aided by more than sixty
Stanford students, this year's
Tea includes a Saks-Fifth Ave
nue fashion show, a musical pro
gram by the Mendicants, tables
loaded with gourmet delights,

and, of course, the sale of chry
santhemums.
The fashion segment will fea
ture three Stanford girls—Kar
ren Abbott, Susan Thompson,
and Christine Hoover (a recent
graduate)—after which the four
teen male vocalists will perform
some of their latest numbers
along with popular past selec
tions.
An international spirit will
pervade the gathering as one
thousand Peroshkies (Russian
pastries), made and donated by
Mrs. James Luck, are served,
and foreign students don their
native dress.
Representing America in their
own originals will be hostesses

Janine Henshaw, Annette Buck
waiter, Nona Sears, and Karren
Abbott. Twenty-four Stanford
women will work in shifts sell
ing the corsages.
As always, the Tea is entirely
for the benefit of Stanford stu
dents. Last year, for example,
four $1770 scholarships were
given as well as $1025 to the
Health Center, $4000 in grants,
$2450 for emergency needs of
individual students, and $14,555
to the University for emergency
needs.
One of the few campus events
representing parents, students,
and friends of Stanford, the Tea
enthusiastically welcomes wide
student participation.
The "Generation Gap" may be
ever so slightly decreased to
morrow afternoon in Lagunita
Court through a mixture of
chrysanthemums, teas, mothers,
and students.
The occasion is the Mothers'
Club's thirty-eighth annual
Chrysanthemum Tea, scheduled
from 1:30 to 4 p.m.
Aided by more than sixty
Stanford students, this year's
Tea includes a Saks-Fifth Ave
nue fashion show, a musical pro
gram by the Mendicants, tables
loaded with gourmet delights,

and, of course, the sale of chry
santhemums.
The fashion segment will fea
ture three Stanford girls—Kar
ren Abbott, Susan Thompson,
and Christine Hoover (a recent
graduate)—after which the four
teen male vocalists will perform
some of their latest numbers
along with popular past selec
tions.
An international spirit will
pervade the gathering as one
thousand Peroshkies (Russian
pastries), made and donated by
Mrs. James Luck, are served,
and foreign students don their
native dress.
Representing America in their
own originals will be hostesses

Janine Henshaw, Annette Buck
waiter, Nona Sears, and Karren
Abbott. Twenty-four Stanford
women will work in shifts sell
ing the corsages.
As always, the Tea is entirely
for the benefit of Stanford stu
dents. Last year, for example,
four $1770 scholarships were
given as well as $1025 to the
Health Center, $4000 in grants,
$2450 for emergency needs of
individual students, and $14,555
to the University for emergency
needs.
One of the few campus events
representing parents, students,
and friends of Stanford, the Tea
enthusiastically welcomes wide
student participation.
The "Generation Gap" may be
ever so slightly decreased to
morrow afternoon in Lagunita
Court through a mixture of
chrysanthemums, teas, mothers,
and students.
The occasion is the Mothers'
Club's thirty-eighth annual
Chrysanthemum Tea, scheduled
from 1:30 to 4 p.m.
Aided by more than sixty
Stanford students, this year's
Tea includes a Saks-Fifth Ave
nue fashion show, a musical pro
gram by the Mendicants, tables
loaded with gourmet delights,

and, of course, the sale of chry
santhemums.
The fashion segment will fea
ture three Stanford girls—Kar
ren Abbott, Susan Thompson,
and Christine Hoover (a recent
graduate)—after which the four
teen male vocalists will perform
some of their latest numbers
along with popular past selec
tions.
An international spirit will
pervade the gathering as one
thousand Peroshkies (Russian
pastries), made and donated by
Mrs. James Luck, are served,
and foreign students don their
native dress.
Representing America in their
own originals will be hostesses

Janine Henshaw, Annette Buck
waiter, Nona Sears, and Karren
Abbott. Twenty-four Stanford
women will work in shifts sell
ing the corsages.
As always, the Tea is entirely
for the benefit of Stanford stu
dents. Last year, for example,
four $1770 scholarships were
given as well as $1025 to the
Health Center, $4000 in grants,
$2450 for emergency needs of
individual students, and $14,555
to the University for emergency
needs.
One of the few campus events
representing parents, students,
and friends of Stanford, the Tea
enthusiastically welcomes wide
student participation.
The "Generation Gap" may be
ever so slightly decreased to
morrow afternoon in Lagunita
Court through a mixture of
chrysanthemums, teas, mothers,
and students.
The occasion is the Mothers'
Club's thirty-eighth annual
Chrysanthemum Tea, scheduled
from 1:30 to 4 p.m.
Aided by more than sixty
Stanford students, this year's
Tea includes a Saks-Fifth Ave
nue fashion show, a musical pro
gram by the Mendicants, tables
loaded with gourmet delights,

and, of course, the sale of chry
santhemums.
The fashion segment will fea
ture three Stanford girls—Kar
ren Abbott, Susan Thompson,
and Christine Hoover (a recent
graduate)—after which the four
teen male vocalists will perform
some of their latest numbers
along with popular past selec
tions.
An international spirit will
pervade the gathering as one
thousand Peroshkies (Russian
pastries), made and donated by
Mrs. James Luck, are served,
and foreign students don their
native dress.
Representing America in their
own originals will be hostesses

Janine Henshaw, Annette Buck
waiter, Nona Sears, and Karren
Abbott. Twenty-four Stanford
women will work in shifts sell
ing the corsages.
As always, the Tea is entirely
for the benefit of Stanford stu
dents. Last year, for example,
four $1770 scholarships were
given as well as $1025 to the
Health Center, $4000 in grants,
$2450 for emergency needs of
individual students, and $14,555
to the University for emergency
needs.
One of the few campus events
representing parents, students,
and friends of Stanford, the Tea
enthusiastically welcomes wide
student participation.
The "Generation Gap" may be
ever so slightly decreased to
morrow afternoon in Lagunita
Court through a mixture of
chrysanthemums, teas, mothers,
and students.
The occasion is the Mothers'
Club's thirty-eighth annual
Chrysanthemum Tea, scheduled
from 1:30 to 4 p.m.
Aided by more than sixty
Stanford students, this year's
Tea includes a Saks-Fifth Ave
nue fashion show, a musical pro
gram by the Mendicants, tables
loaded with gourmet delights,

and, of course, the sale of chry
santhemums.
The fashion segment will fea
ture three Stanford girls—Kar
ren Abbott, Susan Thompson,
and Christine Hoover (a recent
graduate)—after which the four
teen male vocalists will perform
some of their latest numbers
along with popular past selec
tions.
An international spirit will
pervade the gathering as one
thousand Peroshkies (Russian
pastries), made and donated by
Mrs. James Luck, are served,
and foreign students don their
native dress.
Representing America in their
own originals will be hostesses

Janine Henshaw, Annette Buck
waiter, Nona Sears, and Karren
Abbott. Twenty-four Stanford
women will work in shifts sell
ing the corsages.
As always, the Tea is entirely
for the benefit of Stanford stu
dents. Last year, for example,
four $1770 scholarships were
given as well as $1025 to the
Health Center, $4000 in grants,
$2450 for emergency needs of
individual students, and $14,555
to the University for emergency
needs.
One of the few campus events
representing parents, students,
and friends of Stanford, the Tea
enthusiastically welcomes wide
student participation.
The "Generation Gap" may be
ever so slightly decreased to
morrow afternoon in Lagunita
Court through a mixture of
chrysanthemums, teas, mothers,
and students.
The occasion is the Mothers'
Club's thirty-eighth annual
Chrysanthemum Tea, scheduled
from 1:30 to 4 p.m.
Aided by more than sixty
Stanford students, this year's
Tea includes a Saks-Fifth Ave
nue fashion show, a musical pro
gram by the Mendicants, tables
loaded with gourmet delights,

and, of course, the sale of chry
santhemums.
The fashion segment will fea
ture three Stanford girls—Kar
ren Abbott, Susan Thompson,
and Christine Hoover (a recent
graduate)—after which the four
teen male vocalists will perform
some of their latest numbers
along with popular past selec
tions.
An international spirit will
pervade the gathering as one
thousand Peroshkies (Russian
pastries), made and donated by
Mrs. James Luck, are served,
and foreign students don their
native dress.
Representing America in their
own originals will be hostesses

Janine Henshaw, Annette Buck
waiter, Nona Sears, and Karren
Abbott. Twenty-four Stanford
women will work in shifts sell
ing the corsages.
As always, the Tea is entirely
for the benefit of Stanford stu
dents. Last year, for example,
four $1770 scholarships were
given as well as $1025 to the
Health Center, $4000 in grants,
$2450 for emergency needs of
individual students, and $14,555
to the University for emergency
needs.
One of the few campus events
representing parents, students,
and friends of Stanford, the Tea
enthusiastically welcomes wide
student participation.
The "Generation Gap" may be
ever so slightly decreased to
morrow afternoon in Lagunita
Court through a mixture of
chrysanthemums, teas, mothers,
and students.
The occasion is the Mothers'
Club's thirty-eighth annual
Chrysanthemum Tea, scheduled
from 1:30 to 4 p.m.
Aided by more than sixty
Stanford students, this year's
Tea includes a Saks-Fifth Ave
nue fashion show, a musical pro
gram by the Mendicants, tables
loaded with gourmet delights,

and, of course, the sale of chry
santhemums.
The fashion segment will fea
ture three Stanford girls—Kar
ren Abbott, Susan Thompson,
and Christine Hoover (a recent
graduate)—after which the four
teen male vocalists will perform
some of their latest numbers
along with popular past selec
tions.
An international spirit will
pervade the gathering as one
thousand Peroshkies (Russian
pastries), made and donated by
Mrs. James Luck, are served,
and foreign students don their
native dress.
Representing America in their
own originals will be hostesses

Janine Henshaw, Annette Buck
waiter, Nona Sears, and Karren
Abbott. Twenty-four Stanford
women will work in shifts sell
ing the corsages.
As always, the Tea is entirely
for the benefit of Stanford stu
dents. Last year, for example,
four $1770 scholarships were
given as well as $1025 to the
Health Center, $4000 in grants,
$2450 for emergency needs of
individual students, and $14,555
to the University for emergency
needs.
One of the few campus events
representing parents, students,
and friends of Stanford, the Tea
enthusiastically welcomes wide
student participation.
The "Generation Gap" may be
ever so slightly decreased to
morrow afternoon in Lagunita
Court through a mixture of
chrysanthemums, teas, mothers,
and students.
The occasion is the Mothers'
Club's thirty-eighth annual
Chrysanthemum Tea, scheduled
from 1:30 to 4 p.m.
Aided by more than sixty
Stanford students, this year's
Tea includes a Saks-Fifth Ave
nue fashion show, a musical pro
gram by the Mendicants, tables
loaded with gourmet delights,

and, of course, the sale of chry
santhemums.
The fashion segment will fea
ture three Stanford girls—Kar
ren Abbott, Susan Thompson,
and Christine Hoover (a recent
graduate)—after which the four
teen male vocalists will perform
some of their latest numbers
along with popular past selec
tions.
An international spirit will
pervade the gathering as one
thousand Peroshkies (Russian
pastries), made and donated by
Mrs. James Luck, are served,
and foreign students don their
native dress.
Representing America in their
own originals will be hostesses

Janine Henshaw, Annette Buck
waiter, Nona Sears, and Karren
Abbott. Twenty-four Stanford
women will work in shifts sell
ing the corsages.
As always, the Tea is entirely
for the benefit of Stanford stu
dents. Last year, for example,
four $1770 scholarships were
given as well as $1025 to the
Health Center, $4000 in grants,
$2450 for emergency needs of
individual students, and $14,555
to the University for emergency
needs.
One of the few campus events
representing parents, students,
and friends of Stanford, the Tea
enthusiastically welcomes wide
student participation.
The "Generation Gap" may be
ever so slightly decreased to
morrow afternoon in Lagunita
Court through a mixture of
chrysanthemums, teas, mothers,
and students.
The occasion is the Mothers'
Club's thirty-eighth annual
Chrysanthemum Tea, scheduled
from 1:30 to 4 p.m.
Aided by more than sixty
Stanford students, this year's
Tea includes a Saks-Fifth Ave
nue fashion show, a musical pro
gram by the Mendicants, tables
loaded with gourmet delights,

and, of course, the sale of chry
santhemums.
The fashion segment will fea
ture three Stanford girls—Kar
ren Abbott, Susan Thompson,
and Christine Hoover (a recent
graduate)—after which the four
teen male vocalists will perform
some of their latest numbers
along with popular past selec
tions.
An international spirit will
pervade the gathering as one
thousand Peroshkies (Russian
pastries), made and donated by
Mrs. James Luck, are served,
and foreign students don their
native dress.
Representing America in their
own originals will be hostesses

Janine Henshaw, Annette Buck
waiter, Nona Sears, and Karren
Abbott. Twenty-four Stanford
women will work in shifts sell
ing the corsages.
As always, the Tea is entirely
for the benefit of Stanford stu
dents. Last year, for example,
four $1770 scholarships were
given as well as $1025 to the
Health Center, $4000 in grants,
$2450 for emergency needs of
individual students, and $14,555
to the University for emergency
needs.
One of the few campus events
representing parents, students,
and friends of Stanford, the Tea
enthusiastically welcomes wide
student participation.
The "Generation Gap" may be
ever so slightly decreased to
morrow afternoon in Lagunita
Court through a mixture of
chrysanthemums, teas, mothers,
and students.
The occasion is the Mothers'
Club's thirty-eighth annual
Chrysanthemum Tea, scheduled
from 1:30 to 4 p.m.
Aided by more than sixty
Stanford students, this year's
Tea includes a Saks-Fifth Ave
nue fashion show, a musical pro
gram by the Mendicants, tables
loaded with gourmet delights,

and, of course, the sale of chry
santhemums.
The fashion segment will fea
ture three Stanford girls—Kar
ren Abbott, Susan Thompson,
and Christine Hoover (a recent
graduate)—after which the four
teen male vocalists will perform
some of their latest numbers
along with popular past selec
tions.
An international spirit will
pervade the gathering as one
thousand Peroshkies (Russian
pastries), made and donated by
Mrs. James Luck, are served,
and foreign students don their
native dress.
Representing America in their
own originals will be hostesses

Janine Henshaw, Annette Buck
waiter, Nona Sears, and Karren
Abbott. Twenty-four Stanford
women will work in shifts sell
ing the corsages.
As always, the Tea is entirely
for the benefit of Stanford stu
dents. Last year, for example,
four $1770 scholarships were
given as well as $1025 to the
Health Center, $4000 in grants,
$2450 for emergency needs of
individual students, and $14,555
to the University for emergency
needs.
One of the few campus events
representing parents, students,
and friends of Stanford, the Tea
enthusiastically welcomes wide
student participation.
The "Generation Gap" may be
ever so slightly decreased to
morrow afternoon in Lagunita
Court through a mixture of
chrysanthemums, teas, mothers,
and students.
The occasion is the Mothers'
Club's thirty-eighth annual
Chrysanthemum Tea, scheduled
from 1:30 to 4 p.m.
Aided by more than sixty
Stanford students, this year's
Tea includes a Saks-Fifth Ave
nue fashion show, a musical pro
gram by the Mendicants, tables
loaded with gourmet delights,

and, of course, the sale of chry
santhemums.
The fashion segment will fea
ture three Stanford girls—Kar
ren Abbott, Susan Thompson,
and Christine Hoover (a recent
graduate)—after which the four
teen male vocalists will perform
some of their latest numbers
along with popular past selec
tions.
An international spirit will
pervade the gathering as one
thousand Peroshkies (Russian
pastries), made and donated by
Mrs. James Luck, are served,
and foreign students don their
native dress.
Representing America in their
own originals will be hostesses

Janine Henshaw, Annette Buck
waiter, Nona Sears, and Karren
Abbott. Twenty-four Stanford
women will work in shifts sell
ing the corsages.
As always, the Tea is entirely
for the benefit of Stanford stu
dents. Last year, for example,
four $1770 scholarships were
given as well as $1025 to the
Health Center, $4000 in grants,
$2450 for emergency needs of
individual students, and $14,555
to the University for emergency
needs.
One of the few campus events
representing parents, students,
and friends of Stanford, the Tea
enthusiastically welcomes wide
student participation.
