# The 						King Is Dead
## 
### 

GEORGE V, 70-year-old ruler of Great Britain, died
early yesterday after a short illness. (A.P. Photo of
Portrait)

GEORGE V, 70-year-old ruler of Great Britain, died
early yesterday after a short illness. (A.P. Photo of
Portrait)

GEORGE V, 70-year-old ruler of Great Britain, died
early yesterday after a short illness. (A.P. Photo of
Portrait)

GEORGE V, 70-year-old ruler of Great Britain, died
early yesterday after a short illness. (A.P. Photo of
Portrait)

GEORGE V, 70-year-old ruler of Great Britain, died
early yesterday after a short illness. (A.P. Photo of
Portrait)

GEORGE V, 70-year-old ruler of Great Britain, died
early yesterday after a short illness. (A.P. Photo of
Portrait)

GEORGE V, 70-year-old ruler of Great Britain, died
early yesterday after a short illness. (A.P. Photo of
Portrait)

GEORGE V, 70-year-old ruler of Great Britain, died
early yesterday after a short illness. (A.P. Photo of
Portrait)

GEORGE V, 70-year-old ruler of Great Britain, died
early yesterday after a short illness. (A.P. Photo of
Portrait)

GEORGE V, 70-year-old ruler of Great Britain, died
early yesterday after a short illness. (A.P. Photo of
Portrait)

GEORGE V, 70-year-old ruler of Great Britain, died
early yesterday after a short illness. (A.P. Photo of
Portrait)

GEORGE V, 70-year-old ruler of Great Britain, died
early yesterday after a short illness. (A.P. Photo of
Portrait)

GEORGE V, 70-year-old ruler of Great Britain, died
early yesterday after a short illness. (A.P. Photo of
Portrait)

GEORGE V, 70-year-old ruler of Great Britain, died
early yesterday after a short illness. (A.P. Photo of
Portrait)

GEORGE V, 70-year-old ruler of Great Britain, died
early yesterday after a short illness. (A.P. Photo of
Portrait)

GEORGE V, 70-year-old ruler of Great Britain, died
early yesterday after a short illness. (A.P. Photo of
Portrait)
