# ENGINEERS TO MEET
## 
### 
A meeting of the student chapter
of the American Society of Mechan
ical Engineers will be held Thurs
day evening at the home of Profes
sor Lawrence Washington, 702 Ten
nyson Avenue. Roy Magnuson, chief
engineer of the Bean Pump Com
pany of San Jose, will be the
speaker.
A meeting of the student chapter
of the American Society of Mechan
ical Engineers will be held Thurs
day evening at the home of Profes
sor Lawrence Washington, 702 Ten
nyson Avenue. Roy Magnuson, chief
engineer of the Bean Pump Com
pany of San Jose, will be the
speaker.
A meeting of the student chapter
of the American Society of Mechan
ical Engineers will be held Thurs
day evening at the home of Profes
sor Lawrence Washington, 702 Ten
nyson Avenue. Roy Magnuson, chief
engineer of the Bean Pump Com
pany of San Jose, will be the
speaker.
A meeting of the student chapter
of the American Society of Mechan
ical Engineers will be held Thurs
day evening at the home of Profes
sor Lawrence Washington, 702 Ten
nyson Avenue. Roy Magnuson, chief
engineer of the Bean Pump Com
pany of San Jose, will be the
speaker.
A meeting of the student chapter
of the American Society of Mechan
ical Engineers will be held Thurs
day evening at the home of Profes
sor Lawrence Washington, 702 Ten
nyson Avenue. Roy Magnuson, chief
engineer of the Bean Pump Com
pany of San Jose, will be the
speaker.
A meeting of the student chapter
of the American Society of Mechan
ical Engineers will be held Thurs
day evening at the home of Profes
sor Lawrence Washington, 702 Ten
nyson Avenue. Roy Magnuson, chief
engineer of the Bean Pump Com
pany of San Jose, will be the
speaker.
A meeting of the student chapter
of the American Society of Mechan
ical Engineers will be held Thurs
day evening at the home of Profes
sor Lawrence Washington, 702 Ten
nyson Avenue. Roy Magnuson, chief
engineer of the Bean Pump Com
pany of San Jose, will be the
speaker.
A meeting of the student chapter
of the American Society of Mechan
ical Engineers will be held Thurs
day evening at the home of Profes
sor Lawrence Washington, 702 Ten
nyson Avenue. Roy Magnuson, chief
engineer of the Bean Pump Com
pany of San Jose, will be the
speaker.
A meeting of the student chapter
of the American Society of Mechan
ical Engineers will be held Thurs
day evening at the home of Profes
sor Lawrence Washington, 702 Ten
nyson Avenue. Roy Magnuson, chief
engineer of the Bean Pump Com
pany of San Jose, will be the
speaker.
A meeting of the student chapter
of the American Society of Mechan
ical Engineers will be held Thurs
day evening at the home of Profes
sor Lawrence Washington, 702 Ten
nyson Avenue. Roy Magnuson, chief
engineer of the Bean Pump Com
pany of San Jose, will be the
speaker.
A meeting of the student chapter
of the American Society of Mechan
ical Engineers will be held Thurs
day evening at the home of Profes
sor Lawrence Washington, 702 Ten
nyson Avenue. Roy Magnuson, chief
engineer of the Bean Pump Com
pany of San Jose, will be the
speaker.
A meeting of the student chapter
of the American Society of Mechan
ical Engineers will be held Thurs
day evening at the home of Profes
sor Lawrence Washington, 702 Ten
nyson Avenue. Roy Magnuson, chief
engineer of the Bean Pump Com
pany of San Jose, will be the
speaker.
A meeting of the student chapter
of the American Society of Mechan
ical Engineers will be held Thurs
day evening at the home of Profes
sor Lawrence Washington, 702 Ten
nyson Avenue. Roy Magnuson, chief
engineer of the Bean Pump Com
pany of San Jose, will be the
speaker.
A meeting of the student chapter
of the American Society of Mechan
ical Engineers will be held Thurs
day evening at the home of Profes
sor Lawrence Washington, 702 Ten
nyson Avenue. Roy Magnuson, chief
engineer of the Bean Pump Com
pany of San Jose, will be the
speaker.
A meeting of the student chapter
of the American Society of Mechan
ical Engineers will be held Thurs
day evening at the home of Profes
sor Lawrence Washington, 702 Ten
nyson Avenue. Roy Magnuson, chief
engineer of the Bean Pump Com
pany of San Jose, will be the
speaker.
A meeting of the student chapter
of the American Society of Mechan
ical Engineers will be held Thurs
day evening at the home of Profes
sor Lawrence Washington, 702 Ten
nyson Avenue. Roy Magnuson, chief
engineer of the Bean Pump Com
pany of San Jose, will be the
speaker.
