# Doctor Jordan To Visit Riverside.
## 
### 
President Jordan will leave Stan
ford early next, week for Riverside,
where lie will remain during the
Christmas vacation. He goes to re
cuperate from the effects of his re
cent trip to the East, during which
he contracted a severe cold.
President Jordan will leave Stan
ford early next, week for Riverside,
where lie will remain during the
Christmas vacation. He goes to re
cuperate from the effects of his re
cent trip to the East, during which
he contracted a severe cold.
President Jordan will leave Stan
ford early next, week for Riverside,
where lie will remain during the
Christmas vacation. He goes to re
cuperate from the effects of his re
cent trip to the East, during which
he contracted a severe cold.
President Jordan will leave Stan
ford early next, week for Riverside,
where lie will remain during the
Christmas vacation. He goes to re
cuperate from the effects of his re
cent trip to the East, during which
he contracted a severe cold.
President Jordan will leave Stan
ford early next, week for Riverside,
where lie will remain during the
Christmas vacation. He goes to re
cuperate from the effects of his re
cent trip to the East, during which
he contracted a severe cold.
President Jordan will leave Stan
ford early next, week for Riverside,
where lie will remain during the
Christmas vacation. He goes to re
cuperate from the effects of his re
cent trip to the East, during which
he contracted a severe cold.
President Jordan will leave Stan
ford early next, week for Riverside,
where lie will remain during the
Christmas vacation. He goes to re
cuperate from the effects of his re
cent trip to the East, during which
he contracted a severe cold.
President Jordan will leave Stan
ford early next, week for Riverside,
where lie will remain during the
Christmas vacation. He goes to re
cuperate from the effects of his re
cent trip to the East, during which
he contracted a severe cold.
President Jordan will leave Stan
ford early next, week for Riverside,
where lie will remain during the
Christmas vacation. He goes to re
cuperate from the effects of his re
cent trip to the East, during which
he contracted a severe cold.
