# Adv. 28 Page 19
## 
### 
WHEN YOU THINK OF
INSURANCE
/
SPECIAL CONSIDERATION
OFFERED TO STUDENTS
Thoits Insurance
541 COWPER ST.
PALO ALTO
Phone 324-0606
ms
■ Immediate openings lor you
I il you are experienced m
office skills, if you are
\ between iobs reluming to
the working world retired
but still active or need
extra money'
We also need workers tor
light Industries (plant
factory warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
E-luSi Oooorturvfy F"WOv9r
phomas
Jemporaries
Town and Country
Vilage
Palo ANo
328-0300
J
WHEN YOU THINK OF
INSURANCE
/
SPECIAL CONSIDERATION
OFFERED TO STUDENTS
Thoits Insurance
541 COWPER ST.
PALO ALTO
Phone 324-0606
ms
■ Immediate openings lor you
I il you are experienced m
office skills, if you are
\ between iobs reluming to
the working world retired
but still active or need
extra money'
We also need workers tor
light Industries (plant
factory warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
E-luSi Oooorturvfy F"WOv9r
phomas
Jemporaries
Town and Country
Vilage
Palo ANo
328-0300
J
WHEN YOU THINK OF
INSURANCE
/
SPECIAL CONSIDERATION
OFFERED TO STUDENTS
Thoits Insurance
541 COWPER ST.
PALO ALTO
Phone 324-0606
ms
■ Immediate openings lor you
I il you are experienced m
office skills, if you are
\ between iobs reluming to
the working world retired
but still active or need
extra money'
We also need workers tor
light Industries (plant
factory warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
E-luSi Oooorturvfy F"WOv9r
phomas
Jemporaries
Town and Country
Vilage
Palo ANo
328-0300
J
WHEN YOU THINK OF
INSURANCE
/
SPECIAL CONSIDERATION
OFFERED TO STUDENTS
Thoits Insurance
541 COWPER ST.
PALO ALTO
Phone 324-0606
ms
■ Immediate openings lor you
I il you are experienced m
office skills, if you are
\ between iobs reluming to
the working world retired
but still active or need
extra money'
We also need workers tor
light Industries (plant
factory warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
E-luSi Oooorturvfy F"WOv9r
phomas
Jemporaries
Town and Country
Vilage
Palo ANo
328-0300
J
WHEN YOU THINK OF
INSURANCE
/
SPECIAL CONSIDERATION
OFFERED TO STUDENTS
Thoits Insurance
541 COWPER ST.
PALO ALTO
Phone 324-0606
ms
■ Immediate openings lor you
I il you are experienced m
office skills, if you are
\ between iobs reluming to
the working world retired
but still active or need
extra money'
We also need workers tor
light Industries (plant
factory warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
E-luSi Oooorturvfy F"WOv9r
phomas
Jemporaries
Town and Country
Vilage
Palo ANo
328-0300
J
WHEN YOU THINK OF
INSURANCE
/
SPECIAL CONSIDERATION
OFFERED TO STUDENTS
Thoits Insurance
541 COWPER ST.
PALO ALTO
Phone 324-0606
ms
■ Immediate openings lor you
I il you are experienced m
office skills, if you are
\ between iobs reluming to
the working world retired
but still active or need
extra money'
We also need workers tor
light Industries (plant
factory warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
E-luSi Oooorturvfy F"WOv9r
phomas
Jemporaries
Town and Country
Vilage
Palo ANo
328-0300
J
WHEN YOU THINK OF
INSURANCE
/
SPECIAL CONSIDERATION
OFFERED TO STUDENTS
Thoits Insurance
541 COWPER ST.
PALO ALTO
Phone 324-0606
ms
■ Immediate openings lor you
I il you are experienced m
office skills, if you are
\ between iobs reluming to
the working world retired
but still active or need
extra money'
We also need workers tor
light Industries (plant
factory warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
E-luSi Oooorturvfy F"WOv9r
phomas
Jemporaries
Town and Country
Vilage
Palo ANo
328-0300
J
WHEN YOU THINK OF
INSURANCE
/
SPECIAL CONSIDERATION
OFFERED TO STUDENTS
Thoits Insurance
541 COWPER ST.
PALO ALTO
Phone 324-0606
ms
■ Immediate openings lor you
I il you are experienced m
office skills, if you are
\ between iobs reluming to
the working world retired
but still active or need
extra money'
We also need workers tor
light Industries (plant
factory warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
E-luSi Oooorturvfy F"WOv9r
phomas
Jemporaries
Town and Country
Vilage
Palo ANo
328-0300
J
WHEN YOU THINK OF
INSURANCE
/
SPECIAL CONSIDERATION
OFFERED TO STUDENTS
Thoits Insurance
541 COWPER ST.
PALO ALTO
Phone 324-0606
ms
■ Immediate openings lor you
I il you are experienced m
office skills, if you are
\ between iobs reluming to
the working world retired
but still active or need
extra money'
We also need workers tor
light Industries (plant
factory warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
E-luSi Oooorturvfy F"WOv9r
phomas
Jemporaries
Town and Country
Vilage
Palo ANo
328-0300
J
