# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Vice-President Fairbanks will
address the Student Body at
Assembly tomorrow morning at
11:15.. A telegram late this af
ternoon announced that the vice
president would arrive on the
Campus tomorrow morning by
automobile.. He will take lunch
at the Phi Gamma Delta House
in company with President Jor
dan and will return to San Fran
cisco at 2 o'clock.
Vice-President Fairbanks will
address the Student Body at
Assembly tomorrow morning at
11:15.. A telegram late this af
ternoon announced that the vice
president would arrive on the
Campus tomorrow morning by
automobile.. He will take lunch
at the Phi Gamma Delta House
in company with President Jor
dan and will return to San Fran
cisco at 2 o'clock.
Vice-President Fairbanks will
address the Student Body at
Assembly tomorrow morning at
11:15.. A telegram late this af
ternoon announced that the vice
president would arrive on the
Campus tomorrow morning by
automobile.. He will take lunch
at the Phi Gamma Delta House
in company with President Jor
dan and will return to San Fran
cisco at 2 o'clock.
Vice-President Fairbanks will
address the Student Body at
Assembly tomorrow morning at
11:15.. A telegram late this af
ternoon announced that the vice
president would arrive on the
Campus tomorrow morning by
automobile.. He will take lunch
at the Phi Gamma Delta House
in company with President Jor
dan and will return to San Fran
cisco at 2 o'clock.
Vice-President Fairbanks will
address the Student Body at
Assembly tomorrow morning at
11:15.. A telegram late this af
ternoon announced that the vice
president would arrive on the
Campus tomorrow morning by
automobile.. He will take lunch
at the Phi Gamma Delta House
in company with President Jor
dan and will return to San Fran
cisco at 2 o'clock.
Vice-President Fairbanks will
address the Student Body at
Assembly tomorrow morning at
11:15.. A telegram late this af
ternoon announced that the vice
president would arrive on the
Campus tomorrow morning by
automobile.. He will take lunch
at the Phi Gamma Delta House
in company with President Jor
dan and will return to San Fran
cisco at 2 o'clock.
Vice-President Fairbanks will
address the Student Body at
Assembly tomorrow morning at
11:15.. A telegram late this af
ternoon announced that the vice
president would arrive on the
Campus tomorrow morning by
automobile.. He will take lunch
at the Phi Gamma Delta House
in company with President Jor
dan and will return to San Fran
cisco at 2 o'clock.
Vice-President Fairbanks will
address the Student Body at
Assembly tomorrow morning at
11:15.. A telegram late this af
ternoon announced that the vice
president would arrive on the
Campus tomorrow morning by
automobile.. He will take lunch
at the Phi Gamma Delta House
in company with President Jor
dan and will return to San Fran
cisco at 2 o'clock.
Vice-President Fairbanks will
address the Student Body at
Assembly tomorrow morning at
11:15.. A telegram late this af
ternoon announced that the vice
president would arrive on the
Campus tomorrow morning by
automobile.. He will take lunch
at the Phi Gamma Delta House
in company with President Jor
dan and will return to San Fran
cisco at 2 o'clock.
