# COMMITTEE CUTS PRICE OF SENIOR ANNOUNCEMENTS
## 
### 
DECAUSE of the excellent
conditions of senior finance*,
Vard Loomis, senior class
president, has stated that Sen
ior Announcements will sell at
ten cents apiece, cost price, in
stead of two for 23 cents, as
previously stated.
The announcements, which
will he engraved, serve to no
tify friends and relations of
the seniors' coming graduation,
and members of the graduating
class arc urged to order them
immediately at the Stanford
Bookstore since the orders are
filled in the East.
Programs which contain a
schedule of the activities of
Senior Week, the names of the
graduates and of those receiv
ing advanced degrees, and the
personnel of the various senior
committees may also he or
dered at the Bookstore where
sample covers are now on dis
play. They are one dollar
apiece.
DECAUSE of the excellent
conditions of senior finance*,
Vard Loomis, senior class
president, has stated that Sen
ior Announcements will sell at
ten cents apiece, cost price, in
stead of two for 23 cents, as
previously stated.
The announcements, which
will he engraved, serve to no
tify friends and relations of
the seniors' coming graduation,
and members of the graduating
class arc urged to order them
immediately at the Stanford
Bookstore since the orders are
filled in the East.
Programs which contain a
schedule of the activities of
Senior Week, the names of the
graduates and of those receiv
ing advanced degrees, and the
personnel of the various senior
committees may also he or
dered at the Bookstore where
sample covers are now on dis
play. They are one dollar
apiece.
DECAUSE of the excellent
conditions of senior finance*,
Vard Loomis, senior class
president, has stated that Sen
ior Announcements will sell at
ten cents apiece, cost price, in
stead of two for 23 cents, as
previously stated.
The announcements, which
will he engraved, serve to no
tify friends and relations of
the seniors' coming graduation,
and members of the graduating
class arc urged to order them
immediately at the Stanford
Bookstore since the orders are
filled in the East.
Programs which contain a
schedule of the activities of
Senior Week, the names of the
graduates and of those receiv
ing advanced degrees, and the
personnel of the various senior
committees may also he or
dered at the Bookstore where
sample covers are now on dis
play. They are one dollar
apiece.
DECAUSE of the excellent
conditions of senior finance*,
Vard Loomis, senior class
president, has stated that Sen
ior Announcements will sell at
ten cents apiece, cost price, in
stead of two for 23 cents, as
previously stated.
The announcements, which
will he engraved, serve to no
tify friends and relations of
the seniors' coming graduation,
and members of the graduating
class arc urged to order them
immediately at the Stanford
Bookstore since the orders are
filled in the East.
Programs which contain a
schedule of the activities of
Senior Week, the names of the
graduates and of those receiv
ing advanced degrees, and the
personnel of the various senior
committees may also he or
dered at the Bookstore where
sample covers are now on dis
play. They are one dollar
apiece.
DECAUSE of the excellent
conditions of senior finance*,
Vard Loomis, senior class
president, has stated that Sen
ior Announcements will sell at
ten cents apiece, cost price, in
stead of two for 23 cents, as
previously stated.
The announcements, which
will he engraved, serve to no
tify friends and relations of
the seniors' coming graduation,
and members of the graduating
class arc urged to order them
immediately at the Stanford
Bookstore since the orders are
filled in the East.
Programs which contain a
schedule of the activities of
Senior Week, the names of the
graduates and of those receiv
ing advanced degrees, and the
personnel of the various senior
committees may also he or
dered at the Bookstore where
sample covers are now on dis
play. They are one dollar
apiece.
DECAUSE of the excellent
conditions of senior finance*,
Vard Loomis, senior class
president, has stated that Sen
ior Announcements will sell at
ten cents apiece, cost price, in
stead of two for 23 cents, as
previously stated.
The announcements, which
will he engraved, serve to no
tify friends and relations of
the seniors' coming graduation,
and members of the graduating
class arc urged to order them
immediately at the Stanford
Bookstore since the orders are
filled in the East.
Programs which contain a
schedule of the activities of
Senior Week, the names of the
graduates and of those receiv
ing advanced degrees, and the
personnel of the various senior
committees may also he or
dered at the Bookstore where
sample covers are now on dis
play. They are one dollar
apiece.
DECAUSE of the excellent
conditions of senior finance*,
Vard Loomis, senior class
president, has stated that Sen
ior Announcements will sell at
ten cents apiece, cost price, in
stead of two for 23 cents, as
previously stated.
The announcements, which
will he engraved, serve to no
tify friends and relations of
the seniors' coming graduation,
and members of the graduating
class arc urged to order them
immediately at the Stanford
Bookstore since the orders are
filled in the East.
Programs which contain a
schedule of the activities of
Senior Week, the names of the
graduates and of those receiv
ing advanced degrees, and the
personnel of the various senior
committees may also he or
dered at the Bookstore where
sample covers are now on dis
play. They are one dollar
apiece.
DECAUSE of the excellent
conditions of senior finance*,
Vard Loomis, senior class
president, has stated that Sen
ior Announcements will sell at
ten cents apiece, cost price, in
stead of two for 23 cents, as
previously stated.
The announcements, which
will he engraved, serve to no
tify friends and relations of
the seniors' coming graduation,
and members of the graduating
class arc urged to order them
immediately at the Stanford
Bookstore since the orders are
filled in the East.
Programs which contain a
schedule of the activities of
Senior Week, the names of the
graduates and of those receiv
ing advanced degrees, and the
personnel of the various senior
committees may also he or
dered at the Bookstore where
sample covers are now on dis
play. They are one dollar
apiece.
DECAUSE of the excellent
conditions of senior finance*,
Vard Loomis, senior class
president, has stated that Sen
ior Announcements will sell at
ten cents apiece, cost price, in
stead of two for 23 cents, as
previously stated.
The announcements, which
will he engraved, serve to no
tify friends and relations of
the seniors' coming graduation,
and members of the graduating
class arc urged to order them
immediately at the Stanford
Bookstore since the orders are
filled in the East.
Programs which contain a
schedule of the activities of
Senior Week, the names of the
graduates and of those receiv
ing advanced degrees, and the
personnel of the various senior
committees may also he or
dered at the Bookstore where
sample covers are now on dis
play. They are one dollar
apiece.
DECAUSE of the excellent
conditions of senior finance*,
Vard Loomis, senior class
president, has stated that Sen
ior Announcements will sell at
ten cents apiece, cost price, in
stead of two for 23 cents, as
previously stated.
The announcements, which
will he engraved, serve to no
tify friends and relations of
the seniors' coming graduation,
and members of the graduating
class arc urged to order them
immediately at the Stanford
Bookstore since the orders are
filled in the East.
Programs which contain a
schedule of the activities of
Senior Week, the names of the
graduates and of those receiv
ing advanced degrees, and the
personnel of the various senior
committees may also he or
dered at the Bookstore where
sample covers are now on dis
play. They are one dollar
apiece.
DECAUSE of the excellent
conditions of senior finance*,
Vard Loomis, senior class
president, has stated that Sen
ior Announcements will sell at
ten cents apiece, cost price, in
stead of two for 23 cents, as
previously stated.
The announcements, which
will he engraved, serve to no
tify friends and relations of
the seniors' coming graduation,
and members of the graduating
class arc urged to order them
immediately at the Stanford
Bookstore since the orders are
filled in the East.
Programs which contain a
schedule of the activities of
Senior Week, the names of the
graduates and of those receiv
ing advanced degrees, and the
personnel of the various senior
committees may also he or
dered at the Bookstore where
sample covers are now on dis
play. They are one dollar
apiece.
DECAUSE of the excellent
conditions of senior finance*,
Vard Loomis, senior class
president, has stated that Sen
ior Announcements will sell at
ten cents apiece, cost price, in
stead of two for 23 cents, as
previously stated.
The announcements, which
will he engraved, serve to no
tify friends and relations of
the seniors' coming graduation,
and members of the graduating
class arc urged to order them
immediately at the Stanford
Bookstore since the orders are
filled in the East.
Programs which contain a
schedule of the activities of
Senior Week, the names of the
graduates and of those receiv
ing advanced degrees, and the
personnel of the various senior
committees may also he or
dered at the Bookstore where
sample covers are now on dis
play. They are one dollar
apiece.
DECAUSE of the excellent
conditions of senior finance*,
Vard Loomis, senior class
president, has stated that Sen
ior Announcements will sell at
ten cents apiece, cost price, in
stead of two for 23 cents, as
previously stated.
The announcements, which
will he engraved, serve to no
tify friends and relations of
the seniors' coming graduation,
and members of the graduating
class arc urged to order them
immediately at the Stanford
Bookstore since the orders are
filled in the East.
Programs which contain a
schedule of the activities of
Senior Week, the names of the
graduates and of those receiv
ing advanced degrees, and the
personnel of the various senior
committees may also he or
dered at the Bookstore where
sample covers are now on dis
play. They are one dollar
apiece.
DECAUSE of the excellent
conditions of senior finance*,
Vard Loomis, senior class
president, has stated that Sen
ior Announcements will sell at
ten cents apiece, cost price, in
stead of two for 23 cents, as
previously stated.
The announcements, which
will he engraved, serve to no
tify friends and relations of
the seniors' coming graduation,
and members of the graduating
class arc urged to order them
immediately at the Stanford
Bookstore since the orders are
filled in the East.
Programs which contain a
schedule of the activities of
Senior Week, the names of the
graduates and of those receiv
ing advanced degrees, and the
personnel of the various senior
committees may also he or
dered at the Bookstore where
sample covers are now on dis
play. They are one dollar
apiece.
DECAUSE of the excellent
conditions of senior finance*,
Vard Loomis, senior class
president, has stated that Sen
ior Announcements will sell at
ten cents apiece, cost price, in
stead of two for 23 cents, as
previously stated.
The announcements, which
will he engraved, serve to no
tify friends and relations of
the seniors' coming graduation,
and members of the graduating
class arc urged to order them
immediately at the Stanford
Bookstore since the orders are
filled in the East.
Programs which contain a
schedule of the activities of
Senior Week, the names of the
graduates and of those receiv
ing advanced degrees, and the
personnel of the various senior
committees may also he or
dered at the Bookstore where
sample covers are now on dis
play. They are one dollar
apiece.
