# PENINSULA COUNTIES TO CONTROL HARBOR
## 
### 
SACRAMENTO, April 6 (/f 3 >. —
With but four dissenting votes, the
Assembly today passed a bill trans
ferring control of San Francisco
Harbor from the state to a port dis
trict composed of San Francisco and
San Mateo counties.
The bill, by the San Francisco
delegation, would not transfer the
properties of the harbor to the dis
trict. It provides the state would
retain title, and the members of the
port commission, five in number,
would be appointed by the governor.
SACRAMENTO, April 6 (/f 3 >. —
With but four dissenting votes, the
Assembly today passed a bill trans
ferring control of San Francisco
Harbor from the state to a port dis
trict composed of San Francisco and
San Mateo counties.
The bill, by the San Francisco
delegation, would not transfer the
properties of the harbor to the dis
trict. It provides the state would
retain title, and the members of the
port commission, five in number,
would be appointed by the governor.
SACRAMENTO, April 6 (/f 3 >. —
With but four dissenting votes, the
Assembly today passed a bill trans
ferring control of San Francisco
Harbor from the state to a port dis
trict composed of San Francisco and
San Mateo counties.
The bill, by the San Francisco
delegation, would not transfer the
properties of the harbor to the dis
trict. It provides the state would
retain title, and the members of the
port commission, five in number,
would be appointed by the governor.
SACRAMENTO, April 6 (/f 3 >. —
With but four dissenting votes, the
Assembly today passed a bill trans
ferring control of San Francisco
Harbor from the state to a port dis
trict composed of San Francisco and
San Mateo counties.
The bill, by the San Francisco
delegation, would not transfer the
properties of the harbor to the dis
trict. It provides the state would
retain title, and the members of the
port commission, five in number,
would be appointed by the governor.
SACRAMENTO, April 6 (/f 3 >. —
With but four dissenting votes, the
Assembly today passed a bill trans
ferring control of San Francisco
Harbor from the state to a port dis
trict composed of San Francisco and
San Mateo counties.
The bill, by the San Francisco
delegation, would not transfer the
properties of the harbor to the dis
trict. It provides the state would
retain title, and the members of the
port commission, five in number,
would be appointed by the governor.
SACRAMENTO, April 6 (/f 3 >. —
With but four dissenting votes, the
Assembly today passed a bill trans
ferring control of San Francisco
Harbor from the state to a port dis
trict composed of San Francisco and
San Mateo counties.
The bill, by the San Francisco
delegation, would not transfer the
properties of the harbor to the dis
trict. It provides the state would
retain title, and the members of the
port commission, five in number,
would be appointed by the governor.
SACRAMENTO, April 6 (/f 3 >. —
With but four dissenting votes, the
Assembly today passed a bill trans
ferring control of San Francisco
Harbor from the state to a port dis
trict composed of San Francisco and
San Mateo counties.
The bill, by the San Francisco
delegation, would not transfer the
properties of the harbor to the dis
trict. It provides the state would
retain title, and the members of the
port commission, five in number,
would be appointed by the governor.
SACRAMENTO, April 6 (/f 3 >. —
With but four dissenting votes, the
Assembly today passed a bill trans
ferring control of San Francisco
Harbor from the state to a port dis
trict composed of San Francisco and
San Mateo counties.
The bill, by the San Francisco
delegation, would not transfer the
properties of the harbor to the dis
trict. It provides the state would
retain title, and the members of the
port commission, five in number,
would be appointed by the governor.
SACRAMENTO, April 6 (/f 3 >. —
With but four dissenting votes, the
Assembly today passed a bill trans
ferring control of San Francisco
Harbor from the state to a port dis
trict composed of San Francisco and
San Mateo counties.
The bill, by the San Francisco
delegation, would not transfer the
properties of the harbor to the dis
trict. It provides the state would
retain title, and the members of the
port commission, five in number,
would be appointed by the governor.
SACRAMENTO, April 6 (/f 3 >. —
With but four dissenting votes, the
Assembly today passed a bill trans
ferring control of San Francisco
Harbor from the state to a port dis
trict composed of San Francisco and
San Mateo counties.
The bill, by the San Francisco
delegation, would not transfer the
properties of the harbor to the dis
trict. It provides the state would
retain title, and the members of the
port commission, five in number,
would be appointed by the governor.
SACRAMENTO, April 6 (/f 3 >. —
With but four dissenting votes, the
Assembly today passed a bill trans
ferring control of San Francisco
Harbor from the state to a port dis
trict composed of San Francisco and
San Mateo counties.
The bill, by the San Francisco
delegation, would not transfer the
properties of the harbor to the dis
trict. It provides the state would
retain title, and the members of the
port commission, five in number,
would be appointed by the governor.
SACRAMENTO, April 6 (/f 3 >. —
With but four dissenting votes, the
Assembly today passed a bill trans
ferring control of San Francisco
Harbor from the state to a port dis
trict composed of San Francisco and
San Mateo counties.
The bill, by the San Francisco
delegation, would not transfer the
properties of the harbor to the dis
trict. It provides the state would
retain title, and the members of the
port commission, five in number,
would be appointed by the governor.
SACRAMENTO, April 6 (/f 3 >. —
With but four dissenting votes, the
Assembly today passed a bill trans
ferring control of San Francisco
Harbor from the state to a port dis
trict composed of San Francisco and
San Mateo counties.
The bill, by the San Francisco
delegation, would not transfer the
properties of the harbor to the dis
trict. It provides the state would
retain title, and the members of the
port commission, five in number,
would be appointed by the governor.
SACRAMENTO, April 6 (/f 3 >. —
With but four dissenting votes, the
Assembly today passed a bill trans
ferring control of San Francisco
Harbor from the state to a port dis
trict composed of San Francisco and
San Mateo counties.
The bill, by the San Francisco
delegation, would not transfer the
properties of the harbor to the dis
trict. It provides the state would
retain title, and the members of the
port commission, five in number,
would be appointed by the governor.
SACRAMENTO, April 6 (/f 3 >. —
With but four dissenting votes, the
Assembly today passed a bill trans
ferring control of San Francisco
Harbor from the state to a port dis
trict composed of San Francisco and
San Mateo counties.
The bill, by the San Francisco
delegation, would not transfer the
properties of the harbor to the dis
trict. It provides the state would
retain title, and the members of the
port commission, five in number,
would be appointed by the governor.
