# Adv. 27 Page 11
## 
### 
Research works.
American Heart
Association
4th Dimension
Programmer
If you have a thorough
knowledge of the 4th
Dimension language and
graphic interface, and you
would like to write custom
programs for businesses,
call Forrest Warthman at
(415) 322-4555.
Warthman
Associates
560 Waverley Street
Palp Alto. CA 94301
Research works.
American Heart
Association
4th Dimension
Programmer
If you have a thorough
knowledge of the 4th
Dimension language and
graphic interface, and you
would like to write custom
programs for businesses,
call Forrest Warthman at
(415) 322-4555.
Warthman
Associates
560 Waverley Street
Palp Alto. CA 94301
Research works.
American Heart
Association
4th Dimension
Programmer
If you have a thorough
knowledge of the 4th
Dimension language and
graphic interface, and you
would like to write custom
programs for businesses,
call Forrest Warthman at
(415) 322-4555.
Warthman
Associates
560 Waverley Street
Palp Alto. CA 94301
Research works.
American Heart
Association
4th Dimension
Programmer
If you have a thorough
knowledge of the 4th
Dimension language and
graphic interface, and you
would like to write custom
programs for businesses,
call Forrest Warthman at
(415) 322-4555.
Warthman
Associates
560 Waverley Street
Palp Alto. CA 94301
Research works.
American Heart
Association
4th Dimension
Programmer
If you have a thorough
knowledge of the 4th
Dimension language and
graphic interface, and you
would like to write custom
programs for businesses,
call Forrest Warthman at
(415) 322-4555.
Warthman
Associates
560 Waverley Street
Palp Alto. CA 94301
Research works.
American Heart
Association
4th Dimension
Programmer
If you have a thorough
knowledge of the 4th
Dimension language and
graphic interface, and you
would like to write custom
programs for businesses,
call Forrest Warthman at
(415) 322-4555.
Warthman
Associates
560 Waverley Street
Palp Alto. CA 94301
Research works.
American Heart
Association
4th Dimension
Programmer
If you have a thorough
knowledge of the 4th
Dimension language and
graphic interface, and you
would like to write custom
programs for businesses,
call Forrest Warthman at
(415) 322-4555.
Warthman
Associates
560 Waverley Street
Palp Alto. CA 94301
Research works.
American Heart
Association
4th Dimension
Programmer
If you have a thorough
knowledge of the 4th
Dimension language and
graphic interface, and you
would like to write custom
programs for businesses,
call Forrest Warthman at
(415) 322-4555.
Warthman
Associates
560 Waverley Street
Palp Alto. CA 94301
