# Stanford Professors Lecture.
## 
### 
A series of lectures are being de
livered at the-Art Loan Exhibition
at the Palo Alto Congregational
Church for the week ending Tues
day, November 71.h, several Stan
ford proft-ssors being on the pro
gram. Last Wednesday evening
Dr. B. C. Blodgett spoke on "Parsi
fal"; Thursday evening an illus
trated lecture on "Roman Art" was
given by Professor H.K.Fairclough;
and to-day, both afternoon and
evening, Professor A. B. Clark's
subject is "Art for Every Day."
To-morrow afternoon Dr. Jordan
will talk on "Japanese Pictures";
on Sunday evening Professor A. B
Show will Hpeak on the "Madonna
Idea in Italian Art"; and the lec
ture series will be ended Tuesday
by Professor C. L. Noyes' lecture
on "Claude Monet" in the afternoon
and Professor H. W. Rolfe's talk
on the "Value of Greek Sculpture"
in the evening.
