# Palo Alto vs. Lowell To-morrow.
## 
### 
The football team representing
the Palo Alto High School will
play the Lowell team on the Pre
sidio athletic grounds in San Fran
cisco to-morrow in the semifinals
of the Academic League. The Ber
keley and Oakland teams will also
play to morrow, and the winners of
the two games will play for the
championship of the league later
on.
The football team representing
the Palo Alto High School will
play the Lowell team on the Pre
sidio athletic grounds in San Fran
cisco to-morrow in the semifinals
of the Academic League. The Ber
keley and Oakland teams will also
play to morrow, and the winners of
the two games will play for the
championship of the league later
on.
The football team representing
the Palo Alto High School will
play the Lowell team on the Pre
sidio athletic grounds in San Fran
cisco to-morrow in the semifinals
of the Academic League. The Ber
keley and Oakland teams will also
play to morrow, and the winners of
the two games will play for the
championship of the league later
on.
The football team representing
the Palo Alto High School will
play the Lowell team on the Pre
sidio athletic grounds in San Fran
cisco to-morrow in the semifinals
of the Academic League. The Ber
keley and Oakland teams will also
play to morrow, and the winners of
the two games will play for the
championship of the league later
on.
The football team representing
the Palo Alto High School will
play the Lowell team on the Pre
sidio athletic grounds in San Fran
cisco to-morrow in the semifinals
of the Academic League. The Ber
keley and Oakland teams will also
play to morrow, and the winners of
the two games will play for the
championship of the league later
on.
The football team representing
the Palo Alto High School will
play the Lowell team on the Pre
sidio athletic grounds in San Fran
cisco to-morrow in the semifinals
of the Academic League. The Ber
keley and Oakland teams will also
play to morrow, and the winners of
the two games will play for the
championship of the league later
on.
The football team representing
the Palo Alto High School will
play the Lowell team on the Pre
sidio athletic grounds in San Fran
cisco to-morrow in the semifinals
of the Academic League. The Ber
keley and Oakland teams will also
play to morrow, and the winners of
the two games will play for the
championship of the league later
on.
The football team representing
the Palo Alto High School will
play the Lowell team on the Pre
sidio athletic grounds in San Fran
cisco to-morrow in the semifinals
of the Academic League. The Ber
keley and Oakland teams will also
play to morrow, and the winners of
the two games will play for the
championship of the league later
on.
The football team representing
the Palo Alto High School will
play the Lowell team on the Pre
sidio athletic grounds in San Fran
cisco to-morrow in the semifinals
of the Academic League. The Ber
keley and Oakland teams will also
play to morrow, and the winners of
the two games will play for the
championship of the league later
on.
