# Labor Bureau Aids Students.
## 
### 
The report of the Y. M. C. A.
labor bureau shows that in the
past month positions for students
have been found to the value of
$438.50. Of this amount $360 was
paid in board, and $78.50 in cash.
The report of the Y. M. C. A.
labor bureau shows that in the
past month positions for students
have been found to the value of
$438.50. Of this amount $360 was
paid in board, and $78.50 in cash.
The report of the Y. M. C. A.
labor bureau shows that in the
past month positions for students
have been found to the value of
$438.50. Of this amount $360 was
paid in board, and $78.50 in cash.
The report of the Y. M. C. A.
labor bureau shows that in the
past month positions for students
have been found to the value of
$438.50. Of this amount $360 was
paid in board, and $78.50 in cash.
The report of the Y. M. C. A.
labor bureau shows that in the
past month positions for students
have been found to the value of
$438.50. Of this amount $360 was
paid in board, and $78.50 in cash.
The report of the Y. M. C. A.
labor bureau shows that in the
past month positions for students
have been found to the value of
$438.50. Of this amount $360 was
paid in board, and $78.50 in cash.
The report of the Y. M. C. A.
labor bureau shows that in the
past month positions for students
have been found to the value of
$438.50. Of this amount $360 was
paid in board, and $78.50 in cash.
The report of the Y. M. C. A.
labor bureau shows that in the
past month positions for students
have been found to the value of
$438.50. Of this amount $360 was
paid in board, and $78.50 in cash.
The report of the Y. M. C. A.
labor bureau shows that in the
past month positions for students
have been found to the value of
$438.50. Of this amount $360 was
paid in board, and $78.50 in cash.
