# Dr. Snow Not Instructor.
## 
### 
The announcement made last night
concerning Dr. Snow's connection
with the establishment of a course
of hygiene in Palo Alto High
School, consists merely in super
vision of the nature of the work.
This course will eventually he de
veloped hy instructors chosen from
the graduate students of the Physi
ology department of the Univer
sity.
The announcement made last night
concerning Dr. Snow's connection
with the establishment of a course
of hygiene in Palo Alto High
School, consists merely in super
vision of the nature of the work.
This course will eventually he de
veloped hy instructors chosen from
the graduate students of the Physi
ology department of the Univer
sity.
The announcement made last night
concerning Dr. Snow's connection
with the establishment of a course
of hygiene in Palo Alto High
School, consists merely in super
vision of the nature of the work.
This course will eventually he de
veloped hy instructors chosen from
the graduate students of the Physi
ology department of the Univer
sity.
The announcement made last night
concerning Dr. Snow's connection
with the establishment of a course
of hygiene in Palo Alto High
School, consists merely in super
vision of the nature of the work.
This course will eventually he de
veloped hy instructors chosen from
the graduate students of the Physi
ology department of the Univer
sity.
The announcement made last night
concerning Dr. Snow's connection
with the establishment of a course
of hygiene in Palo Alto High
School, consists merely in super
vision of the nature of the work.
This course will eventually he de
veloped hy instructors chosen from
the graduate students of the Physi
ology department of the Univer
sity.
The announcement made last night
concerning Dr. Snow's connection
with the establishment of a course
of hygiene in Palo Alto High
School, consists merely in super
vision of the nature of the work.
This course will eventually he de
veloped hy instructors chosen from
the graduate students of the Physi
ology department of the Univer
sity.
The announcement made last night
concerning Dr. Snow's connection
with the establishment of a course
of hygiene in Palo Alto High
School, consists merely in super
vision of the nature of the work.
This course will eventually he de
veloped hy instructors chosen from
the graduate students of the Physi
ology department of the Univer
sity.
The announcement made last night
concerning Dr. Snow's connection
with the establishment of a course
of hygiene in Palo Alto High
School, consists merely in super
vision of the nature of the work.
This course will eventually he de
veloped hy instructors chosen from
the graduate students of the Physi
ology department of the Univer
sity.
The announcement made last night
concerning Dr. Snow's connection
with the establishment of a course
of hygiene in Palo Alto High
School, consists merely in super
vision of the nature of the work.
This course will eventually he de
veloped hy instructors chosen from
the graduate students of the Physi
ology department of the Univer
sity.
