# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Tjik college community is fortu
nate in having the opportunity of
attending the daily organ recitals.
But this privilege of late has been
frequently abused—perhaps not so
much by the students as by Palo
Alto visitors. Common courtesy
to those who appreciate music and
find pleasure in attending the re
citals ought to prevent any
thoughful person from tramping up
and down the main aisle of the
Church while the organist is play
ing, as though promenading on a
boulevard. There are appropriate
moments between the renditions of
the different numbers for entering
and leaving. And those visitors
from Palo Alto who appreciate sa
cred music should not forget that
others appreciate it much more
whon the cries of infants are not
intermingled.
Tjik college community is fortu
nate in having the opportunity of
attending the daily organ recitals.
But this privilege of late has been
frequently abused—perhaps not so
much by the students as by Palo
Alto visitors. Common courtesy
to those who appreciate music and
find pleasure in attending the re
citals ought to prevent any
thoughful person from tramping up
and down the main aisle of the
Church while the organist is play
ing, as though promenading on a
boulevard. There are appropriate
moments between the renditions of
the different numbers for entering
and leaving. And those visitors
from Palo Alto who appreciate sa
cred music should not forget that
others appreciate it much more
whon the cries of infants are not
intermingled.
Tjik college community is fortu
nate in having the opportunity of
attending the daily organ recitals.
But this privilege of late has been
frequently abused—perhaps not so
much by the students as by Palo
Alto visitors. Common courtesy
to those who appreciate music and
find pleasure in attending the re
citals ought to prevent any
thoughful person from tramping up
and down the main aisle of the
Church while the organist is play
ing, as though promenading on a
boulevard. There are appropriate
moments between the renditions of
the different numbers for entering
and leaving. And those visitors
from Palo Alto who appreciate sa
cred music should not forget that
others appreciate it much more
whon the cries of infants are not
intermingled.
Tjik college community is fortu
nate in having the opportunity of
attending the daily organ recitals.
But this privilege of late has been
frequently abused—perhaps not so
much by the students as by Palo
Alto visitors. Common courtesy
to those who appreciate music and
find pleasure in attending the re
citals ought to prevent any
thoughful person from tramping up
and down the main aisle of the
Church while the organist is play
ing, as though promenading on a
boulevard. There are appropriate
moments between the renditions of
the different numbers for entering
and leaving. And those visitors
from Palo Alto who appreciate sa
cred music should not forget that
others appreciate it much more
whon the cries of infants are not
intermingled.
Tjik college community is fortu
nate in having the opportunity of
attending the daily organ recitals.
But this privilege of late has been
frequently abused—perhaps not so
much by the students as by Palo
Alto visitors. Common courtesy
to those who appreciate music and
find pleasure in attending the re
citals ought to prevent any
thoughful person from tramping up
and down the main aisle of the
Church while the organist is play
ing, as though promenading on a
boulevard. There are appropriate
moments between the renditions of
the different numbers for entering
and leaving. And those visitors
from Palo Alto who appreciate sa
cred music should not forget that
others appreciate it much more
whon the cries of infants are not
intermingled.
Tjik college community is fortu
nate in having the opportunity of
attending the daily organ recitals.
But this privilege of late has been
frequently abused—perhaps not so
much by the students as by Palo
Alto visitors. Common courtesy
to those who appreciate music and
find pleasure in attending the re
citals ought to prevent any
thoughful person from tramping up
and down the main aisle of the
Church while the organist is play
ing, as though promenading on a
boulevard. There are appropriate
moments between the renditions of
the different numbers for entering
and leaving. And those visitors
from Palo Alto who appreciate sa
cred music should not forget that
others appreciate it much more
whon the cries of infants are not
intermingled.
Tjik college community is fortu
nate in having the opportunity of
attending the daily organ recitals.
But this privilege of late has been
frequently abused—perhaps not so
much by the students as by Palo
Alto visitors. Common courtesy
to those who appreciate music and
find pleasure in attending the re
citals ought to prevent any
thoughful person from tramping up
and down the main aisle of the
Church while the organist is play
ing, as though promenading on a
boulevard. There are appropriate
moments between the renditions of
the different numbers for entering
and leaving. And those visitors
from Palo Alto who appreciate sa
cred music should not forget that
others appreciate it much more
whon the cries of infants are not
intermingled.
Tjik college community is fortu
nate in having the opportunity of
attending the daily organ recitals.
But this privilege of late has been
frequently abused—perhaps not so
much by the students as by Palo
Alto visitors. Common courtesy
to those who appreciate music and
find pleasure in attending the re
citals ought to prevent any
thoughful person from tramping up
and down the main aisle of the
Church while the organist is play
ing, as though promenading on a
boulevard. There are appropriate
moments between the renditions of
the different numbers for entering
and leaving. And those visitors
from Palo Alto who appreciate sa
cred music should not forget that
others appreciate it much more
whon the cries of infants are not
intermingled.
