# One-Act Tickets Available Today
## 
### 
Tickets for thr Feb. 13-16 win
ter one-act plays may bo pur
chased today at the Peninsula
Box Office and at Memorial Audi
torium from 12:30 to 4:30 p.m.
They may also be ordered by call
ing DA 2-2122 or DA 3-0(563."
Tickets for thr Feb. 13-16 win
ter one-act plays may bo pur
chased today at the Peninsula
Box Office and at Memorial Audi
torium from 12:30 to 4:30 p.m.
They may also be ordered by call
ing DA 2-2122 or DA 3-0(563."
Tickets for thr Feb. 13-16 win
ter one-act plays may bo pur
chased today at the Peninsula
Box Office and at Memorial Audi
torium from 12:30 to 4:30 p.m.
They may also be ordered by call
ing DA 2-2122 or DA 3-0(563."
Tickets for thr Feb. 13-16 win
ter one-act plays may bo pur
chased today at the Peninsula
Box Office and at Memorial Audi
torium from 12:30 to 4:30 p.m.
They may also be ordered by call
ing DA 2-2122 or DA 3-0(563."
Tickets for thr Feb. 13-16 win
ter one-act plays may bo pur
chased today at the Peninsula
Box Office and at Memorial Audi
torium from 12:30 to 4:30 p.m.
They may also be ordered by call
ing DA 2-2122 or DA 3-0(563."
Tickets for thr Feb. 13-16 win
ter one-act plays may bo pur
chased today at the Peninsula
Box Office and at Memorial Audi
torium from 12:30 to 4:30 p.m.
They may also be ordered by call
ing DA 2-2122 or DA 3-0(563."
Tickets for thr Feb. 13-16 win
ter one-act plays may bo pur
chased today at the Peninsula
Box Office and at Memorial Audi
torium from 12:30 to 4:30 p.m.
They may also be ordered by call
ing DA 2-2122 or DA 3-0(563."
Tickets for thr Feb. 13-16 win
ter one-act plays may bo pur
chased today at the Peninsula
Box Office and at Memorial Audi
torium from 12:30 to 4:30 p.m.
They may also be ordered by call
ing DA 2-2122 or DA 3-0(563."
Tickets for thr Feb. 13-16 win
ter one-act plays may bo pur
chased today at the Peninsula
Box Office and at Memorial Audi
torium from 12:30 to 4:30 p.m.
They may also be ordered by call
ing DA 2-2122 or DA 3-0(563."
Tickets for thr Feb. 13-16 win
ter one-act plays may bo pur
chased today at the Peninsula
Box Office and at Memorial Audi
torium from 12:30 to 4:30 p.m.
They may also be ordered by call
ing DA 2-2122 or DA 3-0(563."
Tickets for thr Feb. 13-16 win
ter one-act plays may bo pur
chased today at the Peninsula
Box Office and at Memorial Audi
torium from 12:30 to 4:30 p.m.
They may also be ordered by call
ing DA 2-2122 or DA 3-0(563."
Tickets for thr Feb. 13-16 win
ter one-act plays may bo pur
chased today at the Peninsula
Box Office and at Memorial Audi
torium from 12:30 to 4:30 p.m.
They may also be ordered by call
ing DA 2-2122 or DA 3-0(563."
Tickets for thr Feb. 13-16 win
ter one-act plays may bo pur
chased today at the Peninsula
Box Office and at Memorial Audi
torium from 12:30 to 4:30 p.m.
They may also be ordered by call
ing DA 2-2122 or DA 3-0(563."
Tickets for thr Feb. 13-16 win
ter one-act plays may bo pur
chased today at the Peninsula
Box Office and at Memorial Audi
torium from 12:30 to 4:30 p.m.
They may also be ordered by call
ing DA 2-2122 or DA 3-0(563."
Tickets for thr Feb. 13-16 win
ter one-act plays may bo pur
chased today at the Peninsula
Box Office and at Memorial Audi
torium from 12:30 to 4:30 p.m.
They may also be ordered by call
ing DA 2-2122 or DA 3-0(563."
Tickets for thr Feb. 13-16 win
ter one-act plays may bo pur
chased today at the Peninsula
Box Office and at Memorial Audi
torium from 12:30 to 4:30 p.m.
They may also be ordered by call
ing DA 2-2122 or DA 3-0(563."
