# Married in Memorial Church.
## 
### 
Mr. T. A. A. Siegfriedt of Seattle
and Mias N. L. V. Bradford, ex-'O6,
were quietly married yesterday
afternoon in Memorial Church by
the Rev. D. Charles Gardner. Im
mediately after the wedding the
bridal couple left for Monterey
whence they will return to Palo
Alto, and be at home to friends
next Thursday afternoon at 527
Waverly street. Mr. and Mrs. Sieg
friedt will reside at Tonopah, Nev.
They will leave for their new home
about December Ist.
Mr. T. A. A. Siegfriedt of Seattle
and Mias N. L. V. Bradford, ex-'O6,
were quietly married yesterday
afternoon in Memorial Church by
the Rev. D. Charles Gardner. Im
mediately after the wedding the
bridal couple left for Monterey
whence they will return to Palo
Alto, and be at home to friends
next Thursday afternoon at 527
Waverly street. Mr. and Mrs. Sieg
friedt will reside at Tonopah, Nev.
They will leave for their new home
about December Ist.
Mr. T. A. A. Siegfriedt of Seattle
and Mias N. L. V. Bradford, ex-'O6,
were quietly married yesterday
afternoon in Memorial Church by
the Rev. D. Charles Gardner. Im
mediately after the wedding the
bridal couple left for Monterey
whence they will return to Palo
Alto, and be at home to friends
next Thursday afternoon at 527
Waverly street. Mr. and Mrs. Sieg
friedt will reside at Tonopah, Nev.
They will leave for their new home
about December Ist.
Mr. T. A. A. Siegfriedt of Seattle
and Mias N. L. V. Bradford, ex-'O6,
were quietly married yesterday
afternoon in Memorial Church by
the Rev. D. Charles Gardner. Im
mediately after the wedding the
bridal couple left for Monterey
whence they will return to Palo
Alto, and be at home to friends
next Thursday afternoon at 527
Waverly street. Mr. and Mrs. Sieg
friedt will reside at Tonopah, Nev.
They will leave for their new home
about December Ist.
Mr. T. A. A. Siegfriedt of Seattle
and Mias N. L. V. Bradford, ex-'O6,
were quietly married yesterday
afternoon in Memorial Church by
the Rev. D. Charles Gardner. Im
mediately after the wedding the
bridal couple left for Monterey
whence they will return to Palo
Alto, and be at home to friends
next Thursday afternoon at 527
Waverly street. Mr. and Mrs. Sieg
friedt will reside at Tonopah, Nev.
They will leave for their new home
about December Ist.
Mr. T. A. A. Siegfriedt of Seattle
and Mias N. L. V. Bradford, ex-'O6,
were quietly married yesterday
afternoon in Memorial Church by
the Rev. D. Charles Gardner. Im
mediately after the wedding the
bridal couple left for Monterey
whence they will return to Palo
Alto, and be at home to friends
next Thursday afternoon at 527
Waverly street. Mr. and Mrs. Sieg
friedt will reside at Tonopah, Nev.
They will leave for their new home
about December Ist.
Mr. T. A. A. Siegfriedt of Seattle
and Mias N. L. V. Bradford, ex-'O6,
were quietly married yesterday
afternoon in Memorial Church by
the Rev. D. Charles Gardner. Im
mediately after the wedding the
bridal couple left for Monterey
whence they will return to Palo
Alto, and be at home to friends
next Thursday afternoon at 527
Waverly street. Mr. and Mrs. Sieg
friedt will reside at Tonopah, Nev.
They will leave for their new home
about December Ist.
Mr. T. A. A. Siegfriedt of Seattle
and Mias N. L. V. Bradford, ex-'O6,
were quietly married yesterday
afternoon in Memorial Church by
the Rev. D. Charles Gardner. Im
mediately after the wedding the
bridal couple left for Monterey
whence they will return to Palo
Alto, and be at home to friends
next Thursday afternoon at 527
Waverly street. Mr. and Mrs. Sieg
friedt will reside at Tonopah, Nev.
They will leave for their new home
about December Ist.
