# Boys' Club Founded in Palo Alto.
## 
### 
The Boys' Club of Palo Alto was
organized to-night at the gymna
sium in Palo Alto by H. C. Green,
'08. The organization was effected
along similar lines to that of the
Columbia Park Hoys' Club of San
Francisco, of which Sidney Peixotto
is the head. This is the first step
toward practical work undertaken
by thje Stanford College Settlement
Club.
The Boys' Club of Palo Alto was
organized to-night at the gymna
sium in Palo Alto by H. C. Green,
'08. The organization was effected
along similar lines to that of the
Columbia Park Hoys' Club of San
Francisco, of which Sidney Peixotto
is the head. This is the first step
toward practical work undertaken
by thje Stanford College Settlement
Club.
The Boys' Club of Palo Alto was
organized to-night at the gymna
sium in Palo Alto by H. C. Green,
'08. The organization was effected
along similar lines to that of the
Columbia Park Hoys' Club of San
Francisco, of which Sidney Peixotto
is the head. This is the first step
toward practical work undertaken
by thje Stanford College Settlement
Club.
The Boys' Club of Palo Alto was
organized to-night at the gymna
sium in Palo Alto by H. C. Green,
'08. The organization was effected
along similar lines to that of the
Columbia Park Hoys' Club of San
Francisco, of which Sidney Peixotto
is the head. This is the first step
toward practical work undertaken
by thje Stanford College Settlement
Club.
The Boys' Club of Palo Alto was
organized to-night at the gymna
sium in Palo Alto by H. C. Green,
'08. The organization was effected
along similar lines to that of the
Columbia Park Hoys' Club of San
Francisco, of which Sidney Peixotto
is the head. This is the first step
toward practical work undertaken
by thje Stanford College Settlement
Club.
The Boys' Club of Palo Alto was
organized to-night at the gymna
sium in Palo Alto by H. C. Green,
'08. The organization was effected
along similar lines to that of the
Columbia Park Hoys' Club of San
Francisco, of which Sidney Peixotto
is the head. This is the first step
toward practical work undertaken
by thje Stanford College Settlement
Club.
The Boys' Club of Palo Alto was
organized to-night at the gymna
sium in Palo Alto by H. C. Green,
'08. The organization was effected
along similar lines to that of the
Columbia Park Hoys' Club of San
Francisco, of which Sidney Peixotto
is the head. This is the first step
toward practical work undertaken
by thje Stanford College Settlement
Club.
The Boys' Club of Palo Alto was
organized to-night at the gymna
sium in Palo Alto by H. C. Green,
'08. The organization was effected
along similar lines to that of the
Columbia Park Hoys' Club of San
Francisco, of which Sidney Peixotto
is the head. This is the first step
toward practical work undertaken
by thje Stanford College Settlement
Club.
The Boys' Club of Palo Alto was
organized to-night at the gymna
sium in Palo Alto by H. C. Green,
'08. The organization was effected
along similar lines to that of the
Columbia Park Hoys' Club of San
Francisco, of which Sidney Peixotto
is the head. This is the first step
toward practical work undertaken
by thje Stanford College Settlement
Club.
