# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Quad group pictures will be dis
played by the Fisher Studio at
the Trophy Room of the Old
Union until 8:30 p.m. today.
Quad group pictures will be dis
played by the Fisher Studio at
the Trophy Room of the Old
Union until 8:30 p.m. today.
Quad group pictures will be dis
played by the Fisher Studio at
the Trophy Room of the Old
Union until 8:30 p.m. today.
Quad group pictures will be dis
played by the Fisher Studio at
the Trophy Room of the Old
Union until 8:30 p.m. today.
Quad group pictures will be dis
played by the Fisher Studio at
the Trophy Room of the Old
Union until 8:30 p.m. today.
Quad group pictures will be dis
played by the Fisher Studio at
the Trophy Room of the Old
Union until 8:30 p.m. today.
Quad group pictures will be dis
played by the Fisher Studio at
the Trophy Room of the Old
Union until 8:30 p.m. today.
Quad group pictures will be dis
played by the Fisher Studio at
the Trophy Room of the Old
Union until 8:30 p.m. today.
Quad group pictures will be dis
played by the Fisher Studio at
the Trophy Room of the Old
Union until 8:30 p.m. today.
Quad group pictures will be dis
played by the Fisher Studio at
the Trophy Room of the Old
Union until 8:30 p.m. today.
Quad group pictures will be dis
played by the Fisher Studio at
the Trophy Room of the Old
Union until 8:30 p.m. today.
Quad group pictures will be dis
played by the Fisher Studio at
the Trophy Room of the Old
Union until 8:30 p.m. today.
Quad group pictures will be dis
played by the Fisher Studio at
the Trophy Room of the Old
Union until 8:30 p.m. today.
Quad group pictures will be dis
played by the Fisher Studio at
the Trophy Room of the Old
Union until 8:30 p.m. today.
Quad group pictures will be dis
played by the Fisher Studio at
the Trophy Room of the Old
Union until 8:30 p.m. today.
