# MARTIN TO PICK HIGH SCHOOL BAND WINNERS
## 
### 
Professor Ernest Whitney Martin,
director of the Stanford Band, has
been selected to judge a contest of
state high school bands which will bo
held in San Francisco Saturday. He
will be one of a committee of throe,
and is to judge the technique of the
musicians. The other two on the com
mittee will be newspaper music critics
of San Francisco.
Professor Ernest Whitney Martin,
director of the Stanford Band, has
been selected to judge a contest of
state high school bands which will bo
held in San Francisco Saturday. He
will be one of a committee of throe,
and is to judge the technique of the
musicians. The other two on the com
mittee will be newspaper music critics
of San Francisco.
Professor Ernest Whitney Martin,
director of the Stanford Band, has
been selected to judge a contest of
state high school bands which will bo
held in San Francisco Saturday. He
will be one of a committee of throe,
and is to judge the technique of the
musicians. The other two on the com
mittee will be newspaper music critics
of San Francisco.
Professor Ernest Whitney Martin,
director of the Stanford Band, has
been selected to judge a contest of
state high school bands which will bo
held in San Francisco Saturday. He
will be one of a committee of throe,
and is to judge the technique of the
musicians. The other two on the com
mittee will be newspaper music critics
of San Francisco.
Professor Ernest Whitney Martin,
director of the Stanford Band, has
been selected to judge a contest of
state high school bands which will bo
held in San Francisco Saturday. He
will be one of a committee of throe,
and is to judge the technique of the
musicians. The other two on the com
mittee will be newspaper music critics
of San Francisco.
Professor Ernest Whitney Martin,
director of the Stanford Band, has
been selected to judge a contest of
state high school bands which will bo
held in San Francisco Saturday. He
will be one of a committee of throe,
and is to judge the technique of the
musicians. The other two on the com
mittee will be newspaper music critics
of San Francisco.
Professor Ernest Whitney Martin,
director of the Stanford Band, has
been selected to judge a contest of
state high school bands which will bo
held in San Francisco Saturday. He
will be one of a committee of throe,
and is to judge the technique of the
musicians. The other two on the com
mittee will be newspaper music critics
of San Francisco.
Professor Ernest Whitney Martin,
director of the Stanford Band, has
been selected to judge a contest of
state high school bands which will bo
held in San Francisco Saturday. He
will be one of a committee of throe,
and is to judge the technique of the
musicians. The other two on the com
mittee will be newspaper music critics
of San Francisco.
Professor Ernest Whitney Martin,
director of the Stanford Band, has
been selected to judge a contest of
state high school bands which will bo
held in San Francisco Saturday. He
will be one of a committee of throe,
and is to judge the technique of the
musicians. The other two on the com
mittee will be newspaper music critics
of San Francisco.
Professor Ernest Whitney Martin,
director of the Stanford Band, has
been selected to judge a contest of
state high school bands which will bo
held in San Francisco Saturday. He
will be one of a committee of throe,
and is to judge the technique of the
musicians. The other two on the com
mittee will be newspaper music critics
of San Francisco.
Professor Ernest Whitney Martin,
director of the Stanford Band, has
been selected to judge a contest of
state high school bands which will bo
held in San Francisco Saturday. He
will be one of a committee of throe,
and is to judge the technique of the
musicians. The other two on the com
mittee will be newspaper music critics
of San Francisco.
Professor Ernest Whitney Martin,
director of the Stanford Band, has
been selected to judge a contest of
state high school bands which will bo
held in San Francisco Saturday. He
will be one of a committee of throe,
and is to judge the technique of the
musicians. The other two on the com
mittee will be newspaper music critics
of San Francisco.
Professor Ernest Whitney Martin,
director of the Stanford Band, has
been selected to judge a contest of
state high school bands which will bo
held in San Francisco Saturday. He
will be one of a committee of throe,
and is to judge the technique of the
musicians. The other two on the com
mittee will be newspaper music critics
of San Francisco.
Professor Ernest Whitney Martin,
director of the Stanford Band, has
been selected to judge a contest of
state high school bands which will bo
held in San Francisco Saturday. He
will be one of a committee of throe,
and is to judge the technique of the
musicians. The other two on the com
mittee will be newspaper music critics
of San Francisco.
Professor Ernest Whitney Martin,
director of the Stanford Band, has
been selected to judge a contest of
state high school bands which will bo
held in San Francisco Saturday. He
will be one of a committee of throe,
and is to judge the technique of the
musicians. The other two on the com
mittee will be newspaper music critics
of San Francisco.
