# West Virginia Winner of National College Play Prize
## 
### 
MORGANTOWN, W. Va., (IP.)—
For the second time, the West Vir
ginia Players have won the Cumnock
cup and a $250 cash prize in the
national intercollegiate one-act play
contest held recently at Northwestern
University. The group presented
"Valiant." Two years ago the West
Virginia dramatists won the contest
with their presentation of "Riders to
the Sea."
MORGANTOWN, W. Va., (IP.)—
For the second time, the West Vir
ginia Players have won the Cumnock
cup and a $250 cash prize in the
national intercollegiate one-act play
contest held recently at Northwestern
University. The group presented
"Valiant." Two years ago the West
Virginia dramatists won the contest
with their presentation of "Riders to
the Sea."
MORGANTOWN, W. Va., (IP.)—
For the second time, the West Vir
ginia Players have won the Cumnock
cup and a $250 cash prize in the
national intercollegiate one-act play
contest held recently at Northwestern
University. The group presented
"Valiant." Two years ago the West
Virginia dramatists won the contest
with their presentation of "Riders to
the Sea."
MORGANTOWN, W. Va., (IP.)—
For the second time, the West Vir
ginia Players have won the Cumnock
cup and a $250 cash prize in the
national intercollegiate one-act play
contest held recently at Northwestern
University. The group presented
"Valiant." Two years ago the West
Virginia dramatists won the contest
with their presentation of "Riders to
the Sea."
MORGANTOWN, W. Va., (IP.)—
For the second time, the West Vir
ginia Players have won the Cumnock
cup and a $250 cash prize in the
national intercollegiate one-act play
contest held recently at Northwestern
University. The group presented
"Valiant." Two years ago the West
Virginia dramatists won the contest
with their presentation of "Riders to
the Sea."
MORGANTOWN, W. Va., (IP.)—
For the second time, the West Vir
ginia Players have won the Cumnock
cup and a $250 cash prize in the
national intercollegiate one-act play
contest held recently at Northwestern
University. The group presented
"Valiant." Two years ago the West
Virginia dramatists won the contest
with their presentation of "Riders to
the Sea."
MORGANTOWN, W. Va., (IP.)—
For the second time, the West Vir
ginia Players have won the Cumnock
cup and a $250 cash prize in the
national intercollegiate one-act play
contest held recently at Northwestern
University. The group presented
"Valiant." Two years ago the West
Virginia dramatists won the contest
with their presentation of "Riders to
the Sea."
MORGANTOWN, W. Va., (IP.)—
For the second time, the West Vir
ginia Players have won the Cumnock
cup and a $250 cash prize in the
national intercollegiate one-act play
contest held recently at Northwestern
University. The group presented
"Valiant." Two years ago the West
Virginia dramatists won the contest
with their presentation of "Riders to
the Sea."
MORGANTOWN, W. Va., (IP.)—
For the second time, the West Vir
ginia Players have won the Cumnock
cup and a $250 cash prize in the
national intercollegiate one-act play
contest held recently at Northwestern
University. The group presented
"Valiant." Two years ago the West
Virginia dramatists won the contest
with their presentation of "Riders to
the Sea."
MORGANTOWN, W. Va., (IP.)—
For the second time, the West Vir
ginia Players have won the Cumnock
cup and a $250 cash prize in the
national intercollegiate one-act play
contest held recently at Northwestern
University. The group presented
"Valiant." Two years ago the West
Virginia dramatists won the contest
with their presentation of "Riders to
the Sea."
MORGANTOWN, W. Va., (IP.)—
For the second time, the West Vir
ginia Players have won the Cumnock
cup and a $250 cash prize in the
national intercollegiate one-act play
contest held recently at Northwestern
University. The group presented
"Valiant." Two years ago the West
Virginia dramatists won the contest
with their presentation of "Riders to
the Sea."
MORGANTOWN, W. Va., (IP.)—
For the second time, the West Vir
ginia Players have won the Cumnock
cup and a $250 cash prize in the
national intercollegiate one-act play
contest held recently at Northwestern
University. The group presented
"Valiant." Two years ago the West
Virginia dramatists won the contest
with their presentation of "Riders to
the Sea."
MORGANTOWN, W. Va., (IP.)—
For the second time, the West Vir
ginia Players have won the Cumnock
cup and a $250 cash prize in the
national intercollegiate one-act play
contest held recently at Northwestern
University. The group presented
"Valiant." Two years ago the West
Virginia dramatists won the contest
with their presentation of "Riders to
the Sea."
MORGANTOWN, W. Va., (IP.)—
For the second time, the West Vir
ginia Players have won the Cumnock
cup and a $250 cash prize in the
national intercollegiate one-act play
contest held recently at Northwestern
University. The group presented
"Valiant." Two years ago the West
Virginia dramatists won the contest
with their presentation of "Riders to
the Sea."
MORGANTOWN, W. Va., (IP.)—
For the second time, the West Vir
ginia Players have won the Cumnock
cup and a $250 cash prize in the
national intercollegiate one-act play
contest held recently at Northwestern
University. The group presented
"Valiant." Two years ago the West
Virginia dramatists won the contest
with their presentation of "Riders to
the Sea."
