# CAMERA UNIT WHICH WILL BE AT STANFORD SOON
## 
### 

First National Pictures scouting unit, sent out by College Humor to find
bigger and better moving picture stars of collegiate appearances. They will
shoot on the campus sometime in the middle of next week.

First National Pictures scouting unit, sent out by College Humor to find
bigger and better moving picture stars of collegiate appearances. They will
shoot on the campus sometime in the middle of next week.

First National Pictures scouting unit, sent out by College Humor to find
bigger and better moving picture stars of collegiate appearances. They will
shoot on the campus sometime in the middle of next week.

First National Pictures scouting unit, sent out by College Humor to find
bigger and better moving picture stars of collegiate appearances. They will
shoot on the campus sometime in the middle of next week.

First National Pictures scouting unit, sent out by College Humor to find
bigger and better moving picture stars of collegiate appearances. They will
shoot on the campus sometime in the middle of next week.

First National Pictures scouting unit, sent out by College Humor to find
bigger and better moving picture stars of collegiate appearances. They will
shoot on the campus sometime in the middle of next week.

First National Pictures scouting unit, sent out by College Humor to find
bigger and better moving picture stars of collegiate appearances. They will
shoot on the campus sometime in the middle of next week.

First National Pictures scouting unit, sent out by College Humor to find
bigger and better moving picture stars of collegiate appearances. They will
shoot on the campus sometime in the middle of next week.

First National Pictures scouting unit, sent out by College Humor to find
bigger and better moving picture stars of collegiate appearances. They will
shoot on the campus sometime in the middle of next week.

First National Pictures scouting unit, sent out by College Humor to find
bigger and better moving picture stars of collegiate appearances. They will
shoot on the campus sometime in the middle of next week.

First National Pictures scouting unit, sent out by College Humor to find
bigger and better moving picture stars of collegiate appearances. They will
shoot on the campus sometime in the middle of next week.

First National Pictures scouting unit, sent out by College Humor to find
bigger and better moving picture stars of collegiate appearances. They will
shoot on the campus sometime in the middle of next week.

First National Pictures scouting unit, sent out by College Humor to find
bigger and better moving picture stars of collegiate appearances. They will
shoot on the campus sometime in the middle of next week.

First National Pictures scouting unit, sent out by College Humor to find
bigger and better moving picture stars of collegiate appearances. They will
shoot on the campus sometime in the middle of next week.

First National Pictures scouting unit, sent out by College Humor to find
bigger and better moving picture stars of collegiate appearances. They will
shoot on the campus sometime in the middle of next week.
