# KIRKWGOD, REYNOLDS GIVEN TOWN OFFICES
## 
### 
Professor Marion R. Kirkwood, Dean
of the Law School, was elected a
member of the Palo Alto library board
by the Palo Alto City Council at its
meeting Monday night. He will fill
the vacancy made by the death of the
late Professor Victor J. West. At the
ame meeting Professor Leon B. Rey
nolds, of the Department of Hydraulic
and Sanitary Engineering, was elected
to the Palo Alto Board of Public
Works, suceceding M. 11. Hare, re
signed.
Professor Marion R. Kirkwood, Dean
of the Law School, was elected a
member of the Palo Alto library board
by the Palo Alto City Council at its
meeting Monday night. He will fill
the vacancy made by the death of the
late Professor Victor J. West. At the
ame meeting Professor Leon B. Rey
nolds, of the Department of Hydraulic
and Sanitary Engineering, was elected
to the Palo Alto Board of Public
Works, suceceding M. 11. Hare, re
signed.
Professor Marion R. Kirkwood, Dean
of the Law School, was elected a
member of the Palo Alto library board
by the Palo Alto City Council at its
meeting Monday night. He will fill
the vacancy made by the death of the
late Professor Victor J. West. At the
ame meeting Professor Leon B. Rey
nolds, of the Department of Hydraulic
and Sanitary Engineering, was elected
to the Palo Alto Board of Public
Works, suceceding M. 11. Hare, re
signed.
Professor Marion R. Kirkwood, Dean
of the Law School, was elected a
member of the Palo Alto library board
by the Palo Alto City Council at its
meeting Monday night. He will fill
the vacancy made by the death of the
late Professor Victor J. West. At the
ame meeting Professor Leon B. Rey
nolds, of the Department of Hydraulic
and Sanitary Engineering, was elected
to the Palo Alto Board of Public
Works, suceceding M. 11. Hare, re
signed.
Professor Marion R. Kirkwood, Dean
of the Law School, was elected a
member of the Palo Alto library board
by the Palo Alto City Council at its
meeting Monday night. He will fill
the vacancy made by the death of the
late Professor Victor J. West. At the
ame meeting Professor Leon B. Rey
nolds, of the Department of Hydraulic
and Sanitary Engineering, was elected
to the Palo Alto Board of Public
Works, suceceding M. 11. Hare, re
signed.
Professor Marion R. Kirkwood, Dean
of the Law School, was elected a
member of the Palo Alto library board
by the Palo Alto City Council at its
meeting Monday night. He will fill
the vacancy made by the death of the
late Professor Victor J. West. At the
ame meeting Professor Leon B. Rey
nolds, of the Department of Hydraulic
and Sanitary Engineering, was elected
to the Palo Alto Board of Public
Works, suceceding M. 11. Hare, re
signed.
Professor Marion R. Kirkwood, Dean
of the Law School, was elected a
member of the Palo Alto library board
by the Palo Alto City Council at its
meeting Monday night. He will fill
the vacancy made by the death of the
late Professor Victor J. West. At the
ame meeting Professor Leon B. Rey
nolds, of the Department of Hydraulic
and Sanitary Engineering, was elected
to the Palo Alto Board of Public
Works, suceceding M. 11. Hare, re
signed.
Professor Marion R. Kirkwood, Dean
of the Law School, was elected a
member of the Palo Alto library board
by the Palo Alto City Council at its
meeting Monday night. He will fill
the vacancy made by the death of the
late Professor Victor J. West. At the
ame meeting Professor Leon B. Rey
nolds, of the Department of Hydraulic
and Sanitary Engineering, was elected
to the Palo Alto Board of Public
Works, suceceding M. 11. Hare, re
signed.
Professor Marion R. Kirkwood, Dean
of the Law School, was elected a
member of the Palo Alto library board
by the Palo Alto City Council at its
meeting Monday night. He will fill
the vacancy made by the death of the
late Professor Victor J. West. At the
ame meeting Professor Leon B. Rey
nolds, of the Department of Hydraulic
and Sanitary Engineering, was elected
to the Palo Alto Board of Public
Works, suceceding M. 11. Hare, re
signed.
Professor Marion R. Kirkwood, Dean
of the Law School, was elected a
member of the Palo Alto library board
by the Palo Alto City Council at its
meeting Monday night. He will fill
the vacancy made by the death of the
late Professor Victor J. West. At the
ame meeting Professor Leon B. Rey
nolds, of the Department of Hydraulic
and Sanitary Engineering, was elected
to the Palo Alto Board of Public
Works, suceceding M. 11. Hare, re
signed.
Professor Marion R. Kirkwood, Dean
of the Law School, was elected a
member of the Palo Alto library board
by the Palo Alto City Council at its
meeting Monday night. He will fill
the vacancy made by the death of the
late Professor Victor J. West. At the
ame meeting Professor Leon B. Rey
nolds, of the Department of Hydraulic
and Sanitary Engineering, was elected
to the Palo Alto Board of Public
Works, suceceding M. 11. Hare, re
signed.
Professor Marion R. Kirkwood, Dean
of the Law School, was elected a
member of the Palo Alto library board
by the Palo Alto City Council at its
meeting Monday night. He will fill
the vacancy made by the death of the
late Professor Victor J. West. At the
ame meeting Professor Leon B. Rey
nolds, of the Department of Hydraulic
and Sanitary Engineering, was elected
to the Palo Alto Board of Public
Works, suceceding M. 11. Hare, re
signed.
Professor Marion R. Kirkwood, Dean
of the Law School, was elected a
member of the Palo Alto library board
by the Palo Alto City Council at its
meeting Monday night. He will fill
the vacancy made by the death of the
late Professor Victor J. West. At the
ame meeting Professor Leon B. Rey
nolds, of the Department of Hydraulic
and Sanitary Engineering, was elected
to the Palo Alto Board of Public
Works, suceceding M. 11. Hare, re
signed.
Professor Marion R. Kirkwood, Dean
of the Law School, was elected a
member of the Palo Alto library board
by the Palo Alto City Council at its
meeting Monday night. He will fill
the vacancy made by the death of the
late Professor Victor J. West. At the
ame meeting Professor Leon B. Rey
nolds, of the Department of Hydraulic
and Sanitary Engineering, was elected
to the Palo Alto Board of Public
Works, suceceding M. 11. Hare, re
signed.
Professor Marion R. Kirkwood, Dean
of the Law School, was elected a
member of the Palo Alto library board
by the Palo Alto City Council at its
meeting Monday night. He will fill
the vacancy made by the death of the
late Professor Victor J. West. At the
ame meeting Professor Leon B. Rey
nolds, of the Department of Hydraulic
and Sanitary Engineering, was elected
to the Palo Alto Board of Public
Works, suceceding M. 11. Hare, re
signed.
