# Adv. 10 Page 3
## 
### 
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
0
See Your Local Volume Dealer
new-used-flcet-lcase
Palo Alto Datsun
261 7 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
0
See Your Local Volume Dealer
new-used-flcet-lcase
Palo Alto Datsun
261 7 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
0
See Your Local Volume Dealer
new-used-flcet-lcase
Palo Alto Datsun
261 7 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
0
See Your Local Volume Dealer
new-used-flcet-lcase
Palo Alto Datsun
261 7 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
0
See Your Local Volume Dealer
new-used-flcet-lcase
Palo Alto Datsun
261 7 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
0
See Your Local Volume Dealer
new-used-flcet-lcase
Palo Alto Datsun
261 7 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
0
See Your Local Volume Dealer
new-used-flcet-lcase
Palo Alto Datsun
261 7 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
0
See Your Local Volume Dealer
new-used-flcet-lcase
Palo Alto Datsun
261 7 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
0
See Your Local Volume Dealer
new-used-flcet-lcase
Palo Alto Datsun
261 7 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
0
See Your Local Volume Dealer
new-used-flcet-lcase
Palo Alto Datsun
261 7 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
0
See Your Local Volume Dealer
new-used-flcet-lcase
Palo Alto Datsun
261 7 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
0
See Your Local Volume Dealer
new-used-flcet-lcase
Palo Alto Datsun
261 7 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
0
See Your Local Volume Dealer
new-used-flcet-lcase
Palo Alto Datsun
261 7 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
0
See Your Local Volume Dealer
new-used-flcet-lcase
Palo Alto Datsun
261 7 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
