# WRITING ENCOURAGED
## 
### 
Original writing among the student*
of the University of Texas has been
encouraged by offers of cash prizes.
Ex-students and business men of the
town have raised $150 to reward con
tributors to tlie campus literary pub
lication, the Longliorn Magazine.
Original writing among the student*
of the University of Texas has been
encouraged by offers of cash prizes.
Ex-students and business men of the
town have raised $150 to reward con
tributors to tlie campus literary pub
lication, the Longliorn Magazine.
Original writing among the student*
of the University of Texas has been
encouraged by offers of cash prizes.
Ex-students and business men of the
town have raised $150 to reward con
tributors to tlie campus literary pub
lication, the Longliorn Magazine.
Original writing among the student*
of the University of Texas has been
encouraged by offers of cash prizes.
Ex-students and business men of the
town have raised $150 to reward con
tributors to tlie campus literary pub
lication, the Longliorn Magazine.
Original writing among the student*
of the University of Texas has been
encouraged by offers of cash prizes.
Ex-students and business men of the
town have raised $150 to reward con
tributors to tlie campus literary pub
lication, the Longliorn Magazine.
Original writing among the student*
of the University of Texas has been
encouraged by offers of cash prizes.
Ex-students and business men of the
town have raised $150 to reward con
tributors to tlie campus literary pub
lication, the Longliorn Magazine.
Original writing among the student*
of the University of Texas has been
encouraged by offers of cash prizes.
Ex-students and business men of the
town have raised $150 to reward con
tributors to tlie campus literary pub
lication, the Longliorn Magazine.
Original writing among the student*
of the University of Texas has been
encouraged by offers of cash prizes.
Ex-students and business men of the
town have raised $150 to reward con
tributors to tlie campus literary pub
lication, the Longliorn Magazine.
Original writing among the student*
of the University of Texas has been
encouraged by offers of cash prizes.
Ex-students and business men of the
town have raised $150 to reward con
tributors to tlie campus literary pub
lication, the Longliorn Magazine.
Original writing among the student*
of the University of Texas has been
encouraged by offers of cash prizes.
Ex-students and business men of the
town have raised $150 to reward con
tributors to tlie campus literary pub
lication, the Longliorn Magazine.
Original writing among the student*
of the University of Texas has been
encouraged by offers of cash prizes.
Ex-students and business men of the
town have raised $150 to reward con
tributors to tlie campus literary pub
lication, the Longliorn Magazine.
Original writing among the student*
of the University of Texas has been
encouraged by offers of cash prizes.
Ex-students and business men of the
town have raised $150 to reward con
tributors to tlie campus literary pub
lication, the Longliorn Magazine.
Original writing among the student*
of the University of Texas has been
encouraged by offers of cash prizes.
Ex-students and business men of the
town have raised $150 to reward con
tributors to tlie campus literary pub
lication, the Longliorn Magazine.
Original writing among the student*
of the University of Texas has been
encouraged by offers of cash prizes.
Ex-students and business men of the
town have raised $150 to reward con
tributors to tlie campus literary pub
lication, the Longliorn Magazine.
Original writing among the student*
of the University of Texas has been
encouraged by offers of cash prizes.
Ex-students and business men of the
town have raised $150 to reward con
tributors to tlie campus literary pub
lication, the Longliorn Magazine.
