# POLICY CHANGED
## 
### 
The Colgate Banter has changed its
character from the strictly humorous
type, and plans to mark an epoch in
college publications by depicting col
lege life as it really is. The magazine
expects to have a national scope, and
will be on sale on newstands through
out the country.
The Colgate Banter has changed its
character from the strictly humorous
type, and plans to mark an epoch in
college publications by depicting col
lege life as it really is. The magazine
expects to have a national scope, and
will be on sale on newstands through
out the country.
The Colgate Banter has changed its
character from the strictly humorous
type, and plans to mark an epoch in
college publications by depicting col
lege life as it really is. The magazine
expects to have a national scope, and
will be on sale on newstands through
out the country.
The Colgate Banter has changed its
character from the strictly humorous
type, and plans to mark an epoch in
college publications by depicting col
lege life as it really is. The magazine
expects to have a national scope, and
will be on sale on newstands through
out the country.
The Colgate Banter has changed its
character from the strictly humorous
type, and plans to mark an epoch in
college publications by depicting col
lege life as it really is. The magazine
expects to have a national scope, and
will be on sale on newstands through
out the country.
The Colgate Banter has changed its
character from the strictly humorous
type, and plans to mark an epoch in
college publications by depicting col
lege life as it really is. The magazine
expects to have a national scope, and
will be on sale on newstands through
out the country.
The Colgate Banter has changed its
character from the strictly humorous
type, and plans to mark an epoch in
college publications by depicting col
lege life as it really is. The magazine
expects to have a national scope, and
will be on sale on newstands through
out the country.
The Colgate Banter has changed its
character from the strictly humorous
type, and plans to mark an epoch in
college publications by depicting col
lege life as it really is. The magazine
expects to have a national scope, and
will be on sale on newstands through
out the country.
The Colgate Banter has changed its
character from the strictly humorous
type, and plans to mark an epoch in
college publications by depicting col
lege life as it really is. The magazine
expects to have a national scope, and
will be on sale on newstands through
out the country.
The Colgate Banter has changed its
character from the strictly humorous
type, and plans to mark an epoch in
college publications by depicting col
lege life as it really is. The magazine
expects to have a national scope, and
will be on sale on newstands through
out the country.
The Colgate Banter has changed its
character from the strictly humorous
type, and plans to mark an epoch in
college publications by depicting col
lege life as it really is. The magazine
expects to have a national scope, and
will be on sale on newstands through
out the country.
The Colgate Banter has changed its
character from the strictly humorous
type, and plans to mark an epoch in
college publications by depicting col
lege life as it really is. The magazine
expects to have a national scope, and
will be on sale on newstands through
out the country.
The Colgate Banter has changed its
character from the strictly humorous
type, and plans to mark an epoch in
college publications by depicting col
lege life as it really is. The magazine
expects to have a national scope, and
will be on sale on newstands through
out the country.
The Colgate Banter has changed its
character from the strictly humorous
type, and plans to mark an epoch in
college publications by depicting col
lege life as it really is. The magazine
expects to have a national scope, and
will be on sale on newstands through
out the country.
The Colgate Banter has changed its
character from the strictly humorous
type, and plans to mark an epoch in
college publications by depicting col
lege life as it really is. The magazine
expects to have a national scope, and
will be on sale on newstands through
out the country.
