# WOMEN WEAR BLANKET COATS
## 
### 
Women at Kansas University are
wearing many-colored blanket coats.
The other day one young man was
embarrassed when he mistook one for
a bathrobe —he must have been absent
minded, too!
Women at Kansas University are
wearing many-colored blanket coats.
The other day one young man was
embarrassed when he mistook one for
a bathrobe —he must have been absent
minded, too!
Women at Kansas University are
wearing many-colored blanket coats.
The other day one young man was
embarrassed when he mistook one for
a bathrobe —he must have been absent
minded, too!
Women at Kansas University are
wearing many-colored blanket coats.
The other day one young man was
embarrassed when he mistook one for
a bathrobe —he must have been absent
minded, too!
Women at Kansas University are
wearing many-colored blanket coats.
The other day one young man was
embarrassed when he mistook one for
a bathrobe —he must have been absent
minded, too!
Women at Kansas University are
wearing many-colored blanket coats.
The other day one young man was
embarrassed when he mistook one for
a bathrobe —he must have been absent
minded, too!
Women at Kansas University are
wearing many-colored blanket coats.
The other day one young man was
embarrassed when he mistook one for
a bathrobe —he must have been absent
minded, too!
Women at Kansas University are
wearing many-colored blanket coats.
The other day one young man was
embarrassed when he mistook one for
a bathrobe —he must have been absent
minded, too!
Women at Kansas University are
wearing many-colored blanket coats.
The other day one young man was
embarrassed when he mistook one for
a bathrobe —he must have been absent
minded, too!
Women at Kansas University are
wearing many-colored blanket coats.
The other day one young man was
embarrassed when he mistook one for
a bathrobe —he must have been absent
minded, too!
Women at Kansas University are
wearing many-colored blanket coats.
The other day one young man was
embarrassed when he mistook one for
a bathrobe —he must have been absent
minded, too!
Women at Kansas University are
wearing many-colored blanket coats.
The other day one young man was
embarrassed when he mistook one for
a bathrobe —he must have been absent
minded, too!
Women at Kansas University are
wearing many-colored blanket coats.
The other day one young man was
embarrassed when he mistook one for
a bathrobe —he must have been absent
minded, too!
Women at Kansas University are
wearing many-colored blanket coats.
The other day one young man was
embarrassed when he mistook one for
a bathrobe —he must have been absent
minded, too!
Women at Kansas University are
wearing many-colored blanket coats.
The other day one young man was
embarrassed when he mistook one for
a bathrobe —he must have been absent
minded, too!
