# COMMITTEE DESIRES MORE HUNCHES FOR BIG GAME STUNTS
## 
### 
BUJ O/vitie. aiuma
Plans for bleacher stunts are com
ing in slowly, and the Rally Com
mittee requires that more ideas be
turned in by freshmen, according to
Bob White, chairman of the Rally
Committee. The older students who
have had the advantage of seeing
stunts at previous Stanford-Califor
nia games have so far not contribu
ted as they should.
Students are requested to turn in
ideas to Frank L. Hastings at the
Sigma Chi house. A rooting section
of 1650 for participation in the
stunts will be marked out in the
Stanford section, in addition the
sections for women and ushers. The
stunt section will be 36 by 45.
have steadily been gaining in com-
Bleacher stunts for the Big Game
plexity and effectiveness. Starting
with the simple spelling of "Stan
ford" in two colors, the card stunt|
have gradually been elaborated un
til last year a set in seven colors
was used.
BUJ O/vitie. aiuma
Plans for bleacher stunts are com
ing in slowly, and the Rally Com
mittee requires that more ideas be
turned in by freshmen, according to
Bob White, chairman of the Rally
Committee. The older students who
have had the advantage of seeing
stunts at previous Stanford-Califor
nia games have so far not contribu
ted as they should.
Students are requested to turn in
ideas to Frank L. Hastings at the
Sigma Chi house. A rooting section
of 1650 for participation in the
stunts will be marked out in the
Stanford section, in addition the
sections for women and ushers. The
stunt section will be 36 by 45.
have steadily been gaining in com-
Bleacher stunts for the Big Game
plexity and effectiveness. Starting
with the simple spelling of "Stan
ford" in two colors, the card stunt|
have gradually been elaborated un
til last year a set in seven colors
was used.
BUJ O/vitie. aiuma
Plans for bleacher stunts are com
ing in slowly, and the Rally Com
mittee requires that more ideas be
turned in by freshmen, according to
Bob White, chairman of the Rally
Committee. The older students who
have had the advantage of seeing
stunts at previous Stanford-Califor
nia games have so far not contribu
ted as they should.
Students are requested to turn in
ideas to Frank L. Hastings at the
Sigma Chi house. A rooting section
of 1650 for participation in the
stunts will be marked out in the
Stanford section, in addition the
sections for women and ushers. The
stunt section will be 36 by 45.
have steadily been gaining in com-
Bleacher stunts for the Big Game
plexity and effectiveness. Starting
with the simple spelling of "Stan
ford" in two colors, the card stunt|
have gradually been elaborated un
til last year a set in seven colors
was used.
BUJ O/vitie. aiuma
Plans for bleacher stunts are com
ing in slowly, and the Rally Com
mittee requires that more ideas be
turned in by freshmen, according to
Bob White, chairman of the Rally
Committee. The older students who
have had the advantage of seeing
stunts at previous Stanford-Califor
nia games have so far not contribu
ted as they should.
Students are requested to turn in
ideas to Frank L. Hastings at the
Sigma Chi house. A rooting section
of 1650 for participation in the
stunts will be marked out in the
Stanford section, in addition the
sections for women and ushers. The
stunt section will be 36 by 45.
have steadily been gaining in com-
Bleacher stunts for the Big Game
plexity and effectiveness. Starting
with the simple spelling of "Stan
ford" in two colors, the card stunt|
have gradually been elaborated un
til last year a set in seven colors
was used.
BUJ O/vitie. aiuma
Plans for bleacher stunts are com
ing in slowly, and the Rally Com
mittee requires that more ideas be
turned in by freshmen, according to
Bob White, chairman of the Rally
Committee. The older students who
have had the advantage of seeing
stunts at previous Stanford-Califor
nia games have so far not contribu
ted as they should.
Students are requested to turn in
ideas to Frank L. Hastings at the
Sigma Chi house. A rooting section
of 1650 for participation in the
stunts will be marked out in the
Stanford section, in addition the
sections for women and ushers. The
stunt section will be 36 by 45.
have steadily been gaining in com-
Bleacher stunts for the Big Game
plexity and effectiveness. Starting
with the simple spelling of "Stan
ford" in two colors, the card stunt|
have gradually been elaborated un
til last year a set in seven colors
was used.
BUJ O/vitie. aiuma
Plans for bleacher stunts are com
ing in slowly, and the Rally Com
mittee requires that more ideas be
turned in by freshmen, according to
Bob White, chairman of the Rally
Committee. The older students who
have had the advantage of seeing
stunts at previous Stanford-Califor
nia games have so far not contribu
ted as they should.
Students are requested to turn in
ideas to Frank L. Hastings at the
Sigma Chi house. A rooting section
of 1650 for participation in the
stunts will be marked out in the
Stanford section, in addition the
sections for women and ushers. The
stunt section will be 36 by 45.
have steadily been gaining in com-
Bleacher stunts for the Big Game
plexity and effectiveness. Starting
with the simple spelling of "Stan
ford" in two colors, the card stunt|
have gradually been elaborated un
til last year a set in seven colors
was used.
BUJ O/vitie. aiuma
Plans for bleacher stunts are com
ing in slowly, and the Rally Com
mittee requires that more ideas be
turned in by freshmen, according to
Bob White, chairman of the Rally
Committee. The older students who
have had the advantage of seeing
stunts at previous Stanford-Califor
nia games have so far not contribu
ted as they should.
Students are requested to turn in
ideas to Frank L. Hastings at the
Sigma Chi house. A rooting section
of 1650 for participation in the
stunts will be marked out in the
Stanford section, in addition the
sections for women and ushers. The
stunt section will be 36 by 45.
have steadily been gaining in com-
Bleacher stunts for the Big Game
plexity and effectiveness. Starting
with the simple spelling of "Stan
ford" in two colors, the card stunt|
have gradually been elaborated un
til last year a set in seven colors
was used.
BUJ O/vitie. aiuma
Plans for bleacher stunts are com
ing in slowly, and the Rally Com
mittee requires that more ideas be
turned in by freshmen, according to
Bob White, chairman of the Rally
Committee. The older students who
have had the advantage of seeing
stunts at previous Stanford-Califor
nia games have so far not contribu
ted as they should.
Students are requested to turn in
ideas to Frank L. Hastings at the
Sigma Chi house. A rooting section
of 1650 for participation in the
stunts will be marked out in the
Stanford section, in addition the
sections for women and ushers. The
stunt section will be 36 by 45.
have steadily been gaining in com-
Bleacher stunts for the Big Game
plexity and effectiveness. Starting
with the simple spelling of "Stan
ford" in two colors, the card stunt|
have gradually been elaborated un
til last year a set in seven colors
was used.
BUJ O/vitie. aiuma
Plans for bleacher stunts are com
ing in slowly, and the Rally Com
mittee requires that more ideas be
turned in by freshmen, according to
Bob White, chairman of the Rally
Committee. The older students who
have had the advantage of seeing
stunts at previous Stanford-Califor
nia games have so far not contribu
ted as they should.
Students are requested to turn in
ideas to Frank L. Hastings at the
Sigma Chi house. A rooting section
of 1650 for participation in the
stunts will be marked out in the
Stanford section, in addition the
sections for women and ushers. The
stunt section will be 36 by 45.
have steadily been gaining in com-
Bleacher stunts for the Big Game
plexity and effectiveness. Starting
with the simple spelling of "Stan
ford" in two colors, the card stunt|
have gradually been elaborated un
til last year a set in seven colors
was used.
BUJ O/vitie. aiuma
Plans for bleacher stunts are com
ing in slowly, and the Rally Com
mittee requires that more ideas be
turned in by freshmen, according to
Bob White, chairman of the Rally
Committee. The older students who
have had the advantage of seeing
stunts at previous Stanford-Califor
nia games have so far not contribu
ted as they should.
Students are requested to turn in
ideas to Frank L. Hastings at the
Sigma Chi house. A rooting section
of 1650 for participation in the
stunts will be marked out in the
Stanford section, in addition the
sections for women and ushers. The
stunt section will be 36 by 45.
have steadily been gaining in com-
Bleacher stunts for the Big Game
plexity and effectiveness. Starting
with the simple spelling of "Stan
ford" in two colors, the card stunt|
have gradually been elaborated un
til last year a set in seven colors
was used.
BUJ O/vitie. aiuma
Plans for bleacher stunts are com
ing in slowly, and the Rally Com
mittee requires that more ideas be
turned in by freshmen, according to
Bob White, chairman of the Rally
Committee. The older students who
have had the advantage of seeing
stunts at previous Stanford-Califor
nia games have so far not contribu
ted as they should.
Students are requested to turn in
ideas to Frank L. Hastings at the
Sigma Chi house. A rooting section
of 1650 for participation in the
stunts will be marked out in the
Stanford section, in addition the
sections for women and ushers. The
stunt section will be 36 by 45.
have steadily been gaining in com-
Bleacher stunts for the Big Game
plexity and effectiveness. Starting
with the simple spelling of "Stan
ford" in two colors, the card stunt|
have gradually been elaborated un
til last year a set in seven colors
was used.
BUJ O/vitie. aiuma
Plans for bleacher stunts are com
ing in slowly, and the Rally Com
mittee requires that more ideas be
turned in by freshmen, according to
Bob White, chairman of the Rally
Committee. The older students who
have had the advantage of seeing
stunts at previous Stanford-Califor
nia games have so far not contribu
ted as they should.
Students are requested to turn in
ideas to Frank L. Hastings at the
Sigma Chi house. A rooting section
of 1650 for participation in the
stunts will be marked out in the
Stanford section, in addition the
sections for women and ushers. The
stunt section will be 36 by 45.
have steadily been gaining in com-
Bleacher stunts for the Big Game
plexity and effectiveness. Starting
with the simple spelling of "Stan
ford" in two colors, the card stunt|
have gradually been elaborated un
til last year a set in seven colors
was used.
BUJ O/vitie. aiuma
Plans for bleacher stunts are com
ing in slowly, and the Rally Com
mittee requires that more ideas be
turned in by freshmen, according to
Bob White, chairman of the Rally
Committee. The older students who
have had the advantage of seeing
stunts at previous Stanford-Califor
nia games have so far not contribu
ted as they should.
Students are requested to turn in
ideas to Frank L. Hastings at the
Sigma Chi house. A rooting section
of 1650 for participation in the
stunts will be marked out in the
Stanford section, in addition the
sections for women and ushers. The
stunt section will be 36 by 45.
have steadily been gaining in com-
Bleacher stunts for the Big Game
plexity and effectiveness. Starting
with the simple spelling of "Stan
ford" in two colors, the card stunt|
have gradually been elaborated un
til last year a set in seven colors
was used.
BUJ O/vitie. aiuma
Plans for bleacher stunts are com
ing in slowly, and the Rally Com
mittee requires that more ideas be
turned in by freshmen, according to
Bob White, chairman of the Rally
Committee. The older students who
have had the advantage of seeing
stunts at previous Stanford-Califor
nia games have so far not contribu
ted as they should.
Students are requested to turn in
ideas to Frank L. Hastings at the
Sigma Chi house. A rooting section
of 1650 for participation in the
stunts will be marked out in the
Stanford section, in addition the
sections for women and ushers. The
stunt section will be 36 by 45.
have steadily been gaining in com-
Bleacher stunts for the Big Game
plexity and effectiveness. Starting
with the simple spelling of "Stan
ford" in two colors, the card stunt|
have gradually been elaborated un
til last year a set in seven colors
was used.
BUJ O/vitie. aiuma
Plans for bleacher stunts are com
ing in slowly, and the Rally Com
mittee requires that more ideas be
turned in by freshmen, according to
Bob White, chairman of the Rally
Committee. The older students who
have had the advantage of seeing
stunts at previous Stanford-Califor
nia games have so far not contribu
ted as they should.
Students are requested to turn in
ideas to Frank L. Hastings at the
Sigma Chi house. A rooting section
of 1650 for participation in the
stunts will be marked out in the
Stanford section, in addition the
sections for women and ushers. The
stunt section will be 36 by 45.
have steadily been gaining in com-
Bleacher stunts for the Big Game
plexity and effectiveness. Starting
with the simple spelling of "Stan
ford" in two colors, the card stunt|
have gradually been elaborated un
til last year a set in seven colors
was used.
