# North Alaskan College Increases Enrollment
## 
### 
Fifty-four students enrolled at the
opening of the Alaska Agricultural Col
lege and School of Mines in Fairbanks,
which recently began its fourth year as
the most northern college in the world.
More than 150 students are expected to
enrull by February, an increase of 81
over the enrollment of last year.
The Fairbanks college was founded
September 18, 1922, and is located 100
miles from the Arctic Circle. A faculty
of fourteen instructors give courses in
agriculture, civil engineering, mathe
matics, mining, metallurgy, geology, min
eralogy, English, French, and business
administration.
Fifty-four students enrolled at the
opening of the Alaska Agricultural Col
lege and School of Mines in Fairbanks,
which recently began its fourth year as
the most northern college in the world.
More than 150 students are expected to
enrull by February, an increase of 81
over the enrollment of last year.
The Fairbanks college was founded
September 18, 1922, and is located 100
miles from the Arctic Circle. A faculty
of fourteen instructors give courses in
agriculture, civil engineering, mathe
matics, mining, metallurgy, geology, min
eralogy, English, French, and business
administration.
Fifty-four students enrolled at the
opening of the Alaska Agricultural Col
lege and School of Mines in Fairbanks,
which recently began its fourth year as
the most northern college in the world.
More than 150 students are expected to
enrull by February, an increase of 81
over the enrollment of last year.
The Fairbanks college was founded
September 18, 1922, and is located 100
miles from the Arctic Circle. A faculty
of fourteen instructors give courses in
agriculture, civil engineering, mathe
matics, mining, metallurgy, geology, min
eralogy, English, French, and business
administration.
Fifty-four students enrolled at the
opening of the Alaska Agricultural Col
lege and School of Mines in Fairbanks,
which recently began its fourth year as
the most northern college in the world.
More than 150 students are expected to
enrull by February, an increase of 81
over the enrollment of last year.
The Fairbanks college was founded
September 18, 1922, and is located 100
miles from the Arctic Circle. A faculty
of fourteen instructors give courses in
agriculture, civil engineering, mathe
matics, mining, metallurgy, geology, min
eralogy, English, French, and business
administration.
Fifty-four students enrolled at the
opening of the Alaska Agricultural Col
lege and School of Mines in Fairbanks,
which recently began its fourth year as
the most northern college in the world.
More than 150 students are expected to
enrull by February, an increase of 81
over the enrollment of last year.
The Fairbanks college was founded
September 18, 1922, and is located 100
miles from the Arctic Circle. A faculty
of fourteen instructors give courses in
agriculture, civil engineering, mathe
matics, mining, metallurgy, geology, min
eralogy, English, French, and business
administration.
Fifty-four students enrolled at the
opening of the Alaska Agricultural Col
lege and School of Mines in Fairbanks,
which recently began its fourth year as
the most northern college in the world.
More than 150 students are expected to
enrull by February, an increase of 81
over the enrollment of last year.
The Fairbanks college was founded
September 18, 1922, and is located 100
miles from the Arctic Circle. A faculty
of fourteen instructors give courses in
agriculture, civil engineering, mathe
matics, mining, metallurgy, geology, min
eralogy, English, French, and business
administration.
Fifty-four students enrolled at the
opening of the Alaska Agricultural Col
lege and School of Mines in Fairbanks,
which recently began its fourth year as
the most northern college in the world.
More than 150 students are expected to
enrull by February, an increase of 81
over the enrollment of last year.
The Fairbanks college was founded
September 18, 1922, and is located 100
miles from the Arctic Circle. A faculty
of fourteen instructors give courses in
agriculture, civil engineering, mathe
matics, mining, metallurgy, geology, min
eralogy, English, French, and business
administration.
Fifty-four students enrolled at the
opening of the Alaska Agricultural Col
lege and School of Mines in Fairbanks,
which recently began its fourth year as
the most northern college in the world.
More than 150 students are expected to
enrull by February, an increase of 81
over the enrollment of last year.
The Fairbanks college was founded
September 18, 1922, and is located 100
miles from the Arctic Circle. A faculty
of fourteen instructors give courses in
agriculture, civil engineering, mathe
matics, mining, metallurgy, geology, min
eralogy, English, French, and business
administration.
Fifty-four students enrolled at the
opening of the Alaska Agricultural Col
lege and School of Mines in Fairbanks,
which recently began its fourth year as
the most northern college in the world.
More than 150 students are expected to
enrull by February, an increase of 81
over the enrollment of last year.
The Fairbanks college was founded
September 18, 1922, and is located 100
miles from the Arctic Circle. A faculty
of fourteen instructors give courses in
agriculture, civil engineering, mathe
matics, mining, metallurgy, geology, min
eralogy, English, French, and business
administration.
Fifty-four students enrolled at the
opening of the Alaska Agricultural Col
lege and School of Mines in Fairbanks,
which recently began its fourth year as
the most northern college in the world.
More than 150 students are expected to
enrull by February, an increase of 81
over the enrollment of last year.
The Fairbanks college was founded
September 18, 1922, and is located 100
miles from the Arctic Circle. A faculty
of fourteen instructors give courses in
agriculture, civil engineering, mathe
matics, mining, metallurgy, geology, min
eralogy, English, French, and business
administration.
Fifty-four students enrolled at the
opening of the Alaska Agricultural Col
lege and School of Mines in Fairbanks,
which recently began its fourth year as
the most northern college in the world.
More than 150 students are expected to
enrull by February, an increase of 81
over the enrollment of last year.
The Fairbanks college was founded
September 18, 1922, and is located 100
miles from the Arctic Circle. A faculty
of fourteen instructors give courses in
agriculture, civil engineering, mathe
matics, mining, metallurgy, geology, min
eralogy, English, French, and business
administration.
Fifty-four students enrolled at the
opening of the Alaska Agricultural Col
lege and School of Mines in Fairbanks,
which recently began its fourth year as
the most northern college in the world.
More than 150 students are expected to
enrull by February, an increase of 81
over the enrollment of last year.
The Fairbanks college was founded
September 18, 1922, and is located 100
miles from the Arctic Circle. A faculty
of fourteen instructors give courses in
agriculture, civil engineering, mathe
matics, mining, metallurgy, geology, min
eralogy, English, French, and business
administration.
Fifty-four students enrolled at the
opening of the Alaska Agricultural Col
lege and School of Mines in Fairbanks,
which recently began its fourth year as
the most northern college in the world.
More than 150 students are expected to
enrull by February, an increase of 81
over the enrollment of last year.
The Fairbanks college was founded
September 18, 1922, and is located 100
miles from the Arctic Circle. A faculty
of fourteen instructors give courses in
agriculture, civil engineering, mathe
matics, mining, metallurgy, geology, min
eralogy, English, French, and business
administration.
Fifty-four students enrolled at the
opening of the Alaska Agricultural Col
lege and School of Mines in Fairbanks,
which recently began its fourth year as
the most northern college in the world.
More than 150 students are expected to
enrull by February, an increase of 81
over the enrollment of last year.
The Fairbanks college was founded
September 18, 1922, and is located 100
miles from the Arctic Circle. A faculty
of fourteen instructors give courses in
agriculture, civil engineering, mathe
matics, mining, metallurgy, geology, min
eralogy, English, French, and business
administration.
Fifty-four students enrolled at the
opening of the Alaska Agricultural Col
lege and School of Mines in Fairbanks,
which recently began its fourth year as
the most northern college in the world.
More than 150 students are expected to
enrull by February, an increase of 81
over the enrollment of last year.
The Fairbanks college was founded
September 18, 1922, and is located 100
miles from the Arctic Circle. A faculty
of fourteen instructors give courses in
agriculture, civil engineering, mathe
matics, mining, metallurgy, geology, min
eralogy, English, French, and business
administration.
