# Harvard, Yale and Penn.
## 
### 
Dudlv S. Dean, the great football
uuthoi ty, considers Vale at present
the strongest of the trio, Harvard,
Pennsylvania and Vale. He says:
" Penn has the l>est line. Harvard
has the best hacks. As to team work
today, the honors are even. Har
vard's interference is better than
Penn's. I larvard could outplay Penn
at a kicking game.. But in three or
foir weeks this may all change."
"Vale," he says, '"is strong in every
department of the game." It is the
general verdict that Vale's coaching
has been of the best, and in this
way she seems thus far to have dis
tanced all her rivals in all-round
skill on the gridiron. Whether we
are to see Pennsylvania the first
football team in the country this
season is rather doubtful from the
turn affairs have taken. â€”Brown
Herald.
