# Chemists Needed
## 
### 
Openings for technical personnel
at the Alias Powder Co. are now
posted at the Placement Service.
Positions are available in their ex
plosives, Darco, and research de
partments for M.S. and Ph.D. or
ganic and physical chemists; B.S.
and M.S. physicists; B.S. and M.S.
mechanical, chemical, and indus
trial engineer:.
Application blanks and further
information may be secured from
Mrs. Burns at the Placement Serv
ice.
Openings for technical personnel
at the Alias Powder Co. are now
posted at the Placement Service.
Positions are available in their ex
plosives, Darco, and research de
partments for M.S. and Ph.D. or
ganic and physical chemists; B.S.
and M.S. physicists; B.S. and M.S.
mechanical, chemical, and indus
trial engineer:.
Application blanks and further
information may be secured from
Mrs. Burns at the Placement Serv
ice.
Openings for technical personnel
at the Alias Powder Co. are now
posted at the Placement Service.
Positions are available in their ex
plosives, Darco, and research de
partments for M.S. and Ph.D. or
ganic and physical chemists; B.S.
and M.S. physicists; B.S. and M.S.
mechanical, chemical, and indus
trial engineer:.
Application blanks and further
information may be secured from
Mrs. Burns at the Placement Serv
ice.
Openings for technical personnel
at the Alias Powder Co. are now
posted at the Placement Service.
Positions are available in their ex
plosives, Darco, and research de
partments for M.S. and Ph.D. or
ganic and physical chemists; B.S.
and M.S. physicists; B.S. and M.S.
mechanical, chemical, and indus
trial engineer:.
Application blanks and further
information may be secured from
Mrs. Burns at the Placement Serv
ice.
Openings for technical personnel
at the Alias Powder Co. are now
posted at the Placement Service.
Positions are available in their ex
plosives, Darco, and research de
partments for M.S. and Ph.D. or
ganic and physical chemists; B.S.
and M.S. physicists; B.S. and M.S.
mechanical, chemical, and indus
trial engineer:.
Application blanks and further
information may be secured from
Mrs. Burns at the Placement Serv
ice.
Openings for technical personnel
at the Alias Powder Co. are now
posted at the Placement Service.
Positions are available in their ex
plosives, Darco, and research de
partments for M.S. and Ph.D. or
ganic and physical chemists; B.S.
and M.S. physicists; B.S. and M.S.
mechanical, chemical, and indus
trial engineer:.
Application blanks and further
information may be secured from
Mrs. Burns at the Placement Serv
ice.
Openings for technical personnel
at the Alias Powder Co. are now
posted at the Placement Service.
Positions are available in their ex
plosives, Darco, and research de
partments for M.S. and Ph.D. or
ganic and physical chemists; B.S.
and M.S. physicists; B.S. and M.S.
mechanical, chemical, and indus
trial engineer:.
Application blanks and further
information may be secured from
Mrs. Burns at the Placement Serv
ice.
Openings for technical personnel
at the Alias Powder Co. are now
posted at the Placement Service.
Positions are available in their ex
plosives, Darco, and research de
partments for M.S. and Ph.D. or
ganic and physical chemists; B.S.
and M.S. physicists; B.S. and M.S.
mechanical, chemical, and indus
trial engineer:.
Application blanks and further
information may be secured from
Mrs. Burns at the Placement Serv
ice.
Openings for technical personnel
at the Alias Powder Co. are now
posted at the Placement Service.
Positions are available in their ex
plosives, Darco, and research de
partments for M.S. and Ph.D. or
ganic and physical chemists; B.S.
and M.S. physicists; B.S. and M.S.
mechanical, chemical, and indus
trial engineer:.
Application blanks and further
information may be secured from
Mrs. Burns at the Placement Serv
ice.
Openings for technical personnel
at the Alias Powder Co. are now
posted at the Placement Service.
Positions are available in their ex
plosives, Darco, and research de
partments for M.S. and Ph.D. or
ganic and physical chemists; B.S.
and M.S. physicists; B.S. and M.S.
mechanical, chemical, and indus
trial engineer:.
Application blanks and further
information may be secured from
Mrs. Burns at the Placement Serv
ice.
Openings for technical personnel
at the Alias Powder Co. are now
posted at the Placement Service.
Positions are available in their ex
plosives, Darco, and research de
partments for M.S. and Ph.D. or
ganic and physical chemists; B.S.
and M.S. physicists; B.S. and M.S.
mechanical, chemical, and indus
trial engineer:.
Application blanks and further
information may be secured from
Mrs. Burns at the Placement Serv
ice.
Openings for technical personnel
at the Alias Powder Co. are now
posted at the Placement Service.
Positions are available in their ex
plosives, Darco, and research de
partments for M.S. and Ph.D. or
ganic and physical chemists; B.S.
and M.S. physicists; B.S. and M.S.
mechanical, chemical, and indus
trial engineer:.
Application blanks and further
information may be secured from
Mrs. Burns at the Placement Serv
ice.
Openings for technical personnel
at the Alias Powder Co. are now
posted at the Placement Service.
Positions are available in their ex
plosives, Darco, and research de
partments for M.S. and Ph.D. or
ganic and physical chemists; B.S.
and M.S. physicists; B.S. and M.S.
mechanical, chemical, and indus
trial engineer:.
Application blanks and further
information may be secured from
Mrs. Burns at the Placement Serv
ice.
Openings for technical personnel
at the Alias Powder Co. are now
posted at the Placement Service.
Positions are available in their ex
plosives, Darco, and research de
partments for M.S. and Ph.D. or
ganic and physical chemists; B.S.
and M.S. physicists; B.S. and M.S.
mechanical, chemical, and indus
trial engineer:.
Application blanks and further
information may be secured from
Mrs. Burns at the Placement Serv
ice.
Openings for technical personnel
at the Alias Powder Co. are now
posted at the Placement Service.
Positions are available in their ex
plosives, Darco, and research de
partments for M.S. and Ph.D. or
ganic and physical chemists; B.S.
and M.S. physicists; B.S. and M.S.
mechanical, chemical, and indus
trial engineer:.
Application blanks and further
information may be secured from
Mrs. Burns at the Placement Serv
ice.
Openings for technical personnel
at the Alias Powder Co. are now
posted at the Placement Service.
Positions are available in their ex
plosives, Darco, and research de
partments for M.S. and Ph.D. or
ganic and physical chemists; B.S.
and M.S. physicists; B.S. and M.S.
mechanical, chemical, and indus
trial engineer:.
Application blanks and further
information may be secured from
Mrs. Burns at the Placement Serv
ice.
