# Tim Sharpe Given Young GOP Post
## 
### 
Stanford student Tim Sharpe was
appointed chairman of the State
College Service Committee at the
State Young Republican Conven
tion in Stockton over the weekend.
Sharpe's committee will "co-or
dinate and develop college Young
Republican groups in California,"
according to Barry Jackson, one of
the Stanford delegates to the con
vention.
Stanford student Tim Sharpe was
appointed chairman of the State
College Service Committee at the
State Young Republican Conven
tion in Stockton over the weekend.
Sharpe's committee will "co-or
dinate and develop college Young
Republican groups in California,"
according to Barry Jackson, one of
the Stanford delegates to the con
vention.
Stanford student Tim Sharpe was
appointed chairman of the State
College Service Committee at the
State Young Republican Conven
tion in Stockton over the weekend.
Sharpe's committee will "co-or
dinate and develop college Young
Republican groups in California,"
according to Barry Jackson, one of
the Stanford delegates to the con
vention.
Stanford student Tim Sharpe was
appointed chairman of the State
College Service Committee at the
State Young Republican Conven
tion in Stockton over the weekend.
Sharpe's committee will "co-or
dinate and develop college Young
Republican groups in California,"
according to Barry Jackson, one of
the Stanford delegates to the con
vention.
Stanford student Tim Sharpe was
appointed chairman of the State
College Service Committee at the
State Young Republican Conven
tion in Stockton over the weekend.
Sharpe's committee will "co-or
dinate and develop college Young
Republican groups in California,"
according to Barry Jackson, one of
the Stanford delegates to the con
vention.
Stanford student Tim Sharpe was
appointed chairman of the State
College Service Committee at the
State Young Republican Conven
tion in Stockton over the weekend.
Sharpe's committee will "co-or
dinate and develop college Young
Republican groups in California,"
according to Barry Jackson, one of
the Stanford delegates to the con
vention.
Stanford student Tim Sharpe was
appointed chairman of the State
College Service Committee at the
State Young Republican Conven
tion in Stockton over the weekend.
Sharpe's committee will "co-or
dinate and develop college Young
Republican groups in California,"
according to Barry Jackson, one of
the Stanford delegates to the con
vention.
Stanford student Tim Sharpe was
appointed chairman of the State
College Service Committee at the
State Young Republican Conven
tion in Stockton over the weekend.
Sharpe's committee will "co-or
dinate and develop college Young
Republican groups in California,"
according to Barry Jackson, one of
the Stanford delegates to the con
vention.
Stanford student Tim Sharpe was
appointed chairman of the State
College Service Committee at the
State Young Republican Conven
tion in Stockton over the weekend.
Sharpe's committee will "co-or
dinate and develop college Young
Republican groups in California,"
according to Barry Jackson, one of
the Stanford delegates to the con
vention.
Stanford student Tim Sharpe was
appointed chairman of the State
College Service Committee at the
State Young Republican Conven
tion in Stockton over the weekend.
Sharpe's committee will "co-or
dinate and develop college Young
Republican groups in California,"
according to Barry Jackson, one of
the Stanford delegates to the con
vention.
Stanford student Tim Sharpe was
appointed chairman of the State
College Service Committee at the
State Young Republican Conven
tion in Stockton over the weekend.
Sharpe's committee will "co-or
dinate and develop college Young
Republican groups in California,"
according to Barry Jackson, one of
the Stanford delegates to the con
vention.
Stanford student Tim Sharpe was
appointed chairman of the State
College Service Committee at the
State Young Republican Conven
tion in Stockton over the weekend.
Sharpe's committee will "co-or
dinate and develop college Young
Republican groups in California,"
according to Barry Jackson, one of
the Stanford delegates to the con
vention.
Stanford student Tim Sharpe was
appointed chairman of the State
College Service Committee at the
State Young Republican Conven
tion in Stockton over the weekend.
Sharpe's committee will "co-or
dinate and develop college Young
Republican groups in California,"
according to Barry Jackson, one of
the Stanford delegates to the con
vention.
Stanford student Tim Sharpe was
appointed chairman of the State
College Service Committee at the
State Young Republican Conven
tion in Stockton over the weekend.
Sharpe's committee will "co-or
dinate and develop college Young
Republican groups in California,"
according to Barry Jackson, one of
the Stanford delegates to the con
vention.
Stanford student Tim Sharpe was
appointed chairman of the State
College Service Committee at the
State Young Republican Conven
tion in Stockton over the weekend.
Sharpe's committee will "co-or
dinate and develop college Young
Republican groups in California,"
according to Barry Jackson, one of
the Stanford delegates to the con
vention.
Stanford student Tim Sharpe was
appointed chairman of the State
College Service Committee at the
State Young Republican Conven
tion in Stockton over the weekend.
Sharpe's committee will "co-or
dinate and develop college Young
Republican groups in California,"
according to Barry Jackson, one of
the Stanford delegates to the con
vention.
