# Health Service To Begin Shots
## 
### 
Students may start tetanus and
typhoid series and have booster
-huts today at the Health Service
from 1 to 4 p.m. Thee injections
wdl be given every Tuesday and
Thursday until the end of spring
quarter.
The three shots in the tetanus
series are given at intervals of
three weeks, and tlic three shots
in the typhoid series every week.
The Health Service recommends
a typhoid booster three years aft°i
immunization and a tetanus booster
one year after completion of a
series.
Students may start tetanus and
typhoid series and have booster
-huts today at the Health Service
from 1 to 4 p.m. Thee injections
wdl be given every Tuesday and
Thursday until the end of spring
quarter.
The three shots in the tetanus
series are given at intervals of
three weeks, and tlic three shots
in the typhoid series every week.
The Health Service recommends
a typhoid booster three years aft°i
immunization and a tetanus booster
one year after completion of a
series.
Students may start tetanus and
typhoid series and have booster
-huts today at the Health Service
from 1 to 4 p.m. Thee injections
wdl be given every Tuesday and
Thursday until the end of spring
quarter.
The three shots in the tetanus
series are given at intervals of
three weeks, and tlic three shots
in the typhoid series every week.
The Health Service recommends
a typhoid booster three years aft°i
immunization and a tetanus booster
one year after completion of a
series.
Students may start tetanus and
typhoid series and have booster
-huts today at the Health Service
from 1 to 4 p.m. Thee injections
wdl be given every Tuesday and
Thursday until the end of spring
quarter.
The three shots in the tetanus
series are given at intervals of
three weeks, and tlic three shots
in the typhoid series every week.
The Health Service recommends
a typhoid booster three years aft°i
immunization and a tetanus booster
one year after completion of a
series.
Students may start tetanus and
typhoid series and have booster
-huts today at the Health Service
from 1 to 4 p.m. Thee injections
wdl be given every Tuesday and
Thursday until the end of spring
quarter.
The three shots in the tetanus
series are given at intervals of
three weeks, and tlic three shots
in the typhoid series every week.
The Health Service recommends
a typhoid booster three years aft°i
immunization and a tetanus booster
one year after completion of a
series.
Students may start tetanus and
typhoid series and have booster
-huts today at the Health Service
from 1 to 4 p.m. Thee injections
wdl be given every Tuesday and
Thursday until the end of spring
quarter.
The three shots in the tetanus
series are given at intervals of
three weeks, and tlic three shots
in the typhoid series every week.
The Health Service recommends
a typhoid booster three years aft°i
immunization and a tetanus booster
one year after completion of a
series.
Students may start tetanus and
typhoid series and have booster
-huts today at the Health Service
from 1 to 4 p.m. Thee injections
wdl be given every Tuesday and
Thursday until the end of spring
quarter.
The three shots in the tetanus
series are given at intervals of
three weeks, and tlic three shots
in the typhoid series every week.
The Health Service recommends
a typhoid booster three years aft°i
immunization and a tetanus booster
one year after completion of a
series.
Students may start tetanus and
typhoid series and have booster
-huts today at the Health Service
from 1 to 4 p.m. Thee injections
wdl be given every Tuesday and
Thursday until the end of spring
quarter.
The three shots in the tetanus
series are given at intervals of
three weeks, and tlic three shots
in the typhoid series every week.
The Health Service recommends
a typhoid booster three years aft°i
immunization and a tetanus booster
one year after completion of a
series.
Students may start tetanus and
typhoid series and have booster
-huts today at the Health Service
from 1 to 4 p.m. Thee injections
wdl be given every Tuesday and
Thursday until the end of spring
quarter.
The three shots in the tetanus
series are given at intervals of
three weeks, and tlic three shots
in the typhoid series every week.
The Health Service recommends
a typhoid booster three years aft°i
immunization and a tetanus booster
one year after completion of a
series.
Students may start tetanus and
typhoid series and have booster
-huts today at the Health Service
from 1 to 4 p.m. Thee injections
wdl be given every Tuesday and
Thursday until the end of spring
quarter.
The three shots in the tetanus
series are given at intervals of
three weeks, and tlic three shots
in the typhoid series every week.
The Health Service recommends
a typhoid booster three years aft°i
immunization and a tetanus booster
one year after completion of a
series.
Students may start tetanus and
typhoid series and have booster
-huts today at the Health Service
from 1 to 4 p.m. Thee injections
wdl be given every Tuesday and
Thursday until the end of spring
quarter.
The three shots in the tetanus
series are given at intervals of
three weeks, and tlic three shots
in the typhoid series every week.
The Health Service recommends
a typhoid booster three years aft°i
immunization and a tetanus booster
one year after completion of a
series.
Students may start tetanus and
typhoid series and have booster
-huts today at the Health Service
from 1 to 4 p.m. Thee injections
wdl be given every Tuesday and
Thursday until the end of spring
quarter.
The three shots in the tetanus
series are given at intervals of
three weeks, and tlic three shots
in the typhoid series every week.
The Health Service recommends
a typhoid booster three years aft°i
immunization and a tetanus booster
one year after completion of a
series.
Students may start tetanus and
typhoid series and have booster
-huts today at the Health Service
from 1 to 4 p.m. Thee injections
wdl be given every Tuesday and
Thursday until the end of spring
quarter.
The three shots in the tetanus
series are given at intervals of
three weeks, and tlic three shots
in the typhoid series every week.
The Health Service recommends
a typhoid booster three years aft°i
immunization and a tetanus booster
one year after completion of a
series.
Students may start tetanus and
typhoid series and have booster
-huts today at the Health Service
from 1 to 4 p.m. Thee injections
wdl be given every Tuesday and
Thursday until the end of spring
quarter.
The three shots in the tetanus
series are given at intervals of
three weeks, and tlic three shots
in the typhoid series every week.
The Health Service recommends
a typhoid booster three years aft°i
immunization and a tetanus booster
one year after completion of a
series.
Students may start tetanus and
typhoid series and have booster
-huts today at the Health Service
from 1 to 4 p.m. Thee injections
wdl be given every Tuesday and
Thursday until the end of spring
quarter.
The three shots in the tetanus
series are given at intervals of
three weeks, and tlic three shots
in the typhoid series every week.
The Health Service recommends
a typhoid booster three years aft°i
immunization and a tetanus booster
one year after completion of a
series.
Students may start tetanus and
typhoid series and have booster
-huts today at the Health Service
from 1 to 4 p.m. Thee injections
wdl be given every Tuesday and
Thursday until the end of spring
quarter.
The three shots in the tetanus
series are given at intervals of
three weeks, and tlic three shots
in the typhoid series every week.
The Health Service recommends
a typhoid booster three years aft°i
immunization and a tetanus booster
one year after completion of a
series.
