# PRE. REG COMMITTEE
## 
### 
Pre-registration Committee try
out:; will be held today and Thurs
day for positions on next autumn's
committee. Anyone interested in
helping plan the activities for the
Class of s(J's first week should be
interviewed today from 2-4:15 and
Thursday 2:30-4:30 at the Excom
room in the Union building.
Pre-registration Committee try
out:; will be held today and Thurs
day for positions on next autumn's
committee. Anyone interested in
helping plan the activities for the
Class of s(J's first week should be
interviewed today from 2-4:15 and
Thursday 2:30-4:30 at the Excom
room in the Union building.
Pre-registration Committee try
out:; will be held today and Thurs
day for positions on next autumn's
committee. Anyone interested in
helping plan the activities for the
Class of s(J's first week should be
interviewed today from 2-4:15 and
Thursday 2:30-4:30 at the Excom
room in the Union building.
Pre-registration Committee try
out:; will be held today and Thurs
day for positions on next autumn's
committee. Anyone interested in
helping plan the activities for the
Class of s(J's first week should be
interviewed today from 2-4:15 and
Thursday 2:30-4:30 at the Excom
room in the Union building.
Pre-registration Committee try
out:; will be held today and Thurs
day for positions on next autumn's
committee. Anyone interested in
helping plan the activities for the
Class of s(J's first week should be
interviewed today from 2-4:15 and
Thursday 2:30-4:30 at the Excom
room in the Union building.
Pre-registration Committee try
out:; will be held today and Thurs
day for positions on next autumn's
committee. Anyone interested in
helping plan the activities for the
Class of s(J's first week should be
interviewed today from 2-4:15 and
Thursday 2:30-4:30 at the Excom
room in the Union building.
Pre-registration Committee try
out:; will be held today and Thurs
day for positions on next autumn's
committee. Anyone interested in
helping plan the activities for the
Class of s(J's first week should be
interviewed today from 2-4:15 and
Thursday 2:30-4:30 at the Excom
room in the Union building.
Pre-registration Committee try
out:; will be held today and Thurs
day for positions on next autumn's
committee. Anyone interested in
helping plan the activities for the
Class of s(J's first week should be
interviewed today from 2-4:15 and
Thursday 2:30-4:30 at the Excom
room in the Union building.
Pre-registration Committee try
out:; will be held today and Thurs
day for positions on next autumn's
committee. Anyone interested in
helping plan the activities for the
Class of s(J's first week should be
interviewed today from 2-4:15 and
Thursday 2:30-4:30 at the Excom
room in the Union building.
Pre-registration Committee try
out:; will be held today and Thurs
day for positions on next autumn's
committee. Anyone interested in
helping plan the activities for the
Class of s(J's first week should be
interviewed today from 2-4:15 and
Thursday 2:30-4:30 at the Excom
room in the Union building.
Pre-registration Committee try
out:; will be held today and Thurs
day for positions on next autumn's
committee. Anyone interested in
helping plan the activities for the
Class of s(J's first week should be
interviewed today from 2-4:15 and
Thursday 2:30-4:30 at the Excom
room in the Union building.
Pre-registration Committee try
out:; will be held today and Thurs
day for positions on next autumn's
committee. Anyone interested in
helping plan the activities for the
Class of s(J's first week should be
interviewed today from 2-4:15 and
Thursday 2:30-4:30 at the Excom
room in the Union building.
Pre-registration Committee try
out:; will be held today and Thurs
day for positions on next autumn's
committee. Anyone interested in
helping plan the activities for the
Class of s(J's first week should be
interviewed today from 2-4:15 and
Thursday 2:30-4:30 at the Excom
room in the Union building.
Pre-registration Committee try
out:; will be held today and Thurs
day for positions on next autumn's
committee. Anyone interested in
helping plan the activities for the
Class of s(J's first week should be
interviewed today from 2-4:15 and
Thursday 2:30-4:30 at the Excom
room in the Union building.
Pre-registration Committee try
out:; will be held today and Thurs
day for positions on next autumn's
committee. Anyone interested in
helping plan the activities for the
Class of s(J's first week should be
interviewed today from 2-4:15 and
Thursday 2:30-4:30 at the Excom
room in the Union building.
Pre-registration Committee try
out:; will be held today and Thurs
day for positions on next autumn's
committee. Anyone interested in
helping plan the activities for the
Class of s(J's first week should be
interviewed today from 2-4:15 and
Thursday 2:30-4:30 at the Excom
room in the Union building.
