# Noon Concert
## 
### 
The Stanford Community for
McGovern is sponsoring a free
concert today at noon in White
Plaza. The concert will feature
Flash, a group which has played in
area clubs for the past two years.
On-campus groups are welcome to
participate.
The Stanford Community for
McGovern is sponsoring a free
concert today at noon in White
Plaza. The concert will feature
Flash, a group which has played in
area clubs for the past two years.
On-campus groups are welcome to
participate.
The Stanford Community for
McGovern is sponsoring a free
concert today at noon in White
Plaza. The concert will feature
Flash, a group which has played in
area clubs for the past two years.
On-campus groups are welcome to
participate.
The Stanford Community for
McGovern is sponsoring a free
concert today at noon in White
Plaza. The concert will feature
Flash, a group which has played in
area clubs for the past two years.
On-campus groups are welcome to
participate.
The Stanford Community for
McGovern is sponsoring a free
concert today at noon in White
Plaza. The concert will feature
Flash, a group which has played in
area clubs for the past two years.
On-campus groups are welcome to
participate.
The Stanford Community for
McGovern is sponsoring a free
concert today at noon in White
Plaza. The concert will feature
Flash, a group which has played in
area clubs for the past two years.
On-campus groups are welcome to
participate.
The Stanford Community for
McGovern is sponsoring a free
concert today at noon in White
Plaza. The concert will feature
Flash, a group which has played in
area clubs for the past two years.
On-campus groups are welcome to
participate.
The Stanford Community for
McGovern is sponsoring a free
concert today at noon in White
Plaza. The concert will feature
Flash, a group which has played in
area clubs for the past two years.
On-campus groups are welcome to
participate.
The Stanford Community for
McGovern is sponsoring a free
concert today at noon in White
Plaza. The concert will feature
Flash, a group which has played in
area clubs for the past two years.
On-campus groups are welcome to
participate.
The Stanford Community for
McGovern is sponsoring a free
concert today at noon in White
Plaza. The concert will feature
Flash, a group which has played in
area clubs for the past two years.
On-campus groups are welcome to
participate.
The Stanford Community for
McGovern is sponsoring a free
concert today at noon in White
Plaza. The concert will feature
Flash, a group which has played in
area clubs for the past two years.
On-campus groups are welcome to
participate.
The Stanford Community for
McGovern is sponsoring a free
concert today at noon in White
Plaza. The concert will feature
Flash, a group which has played in
area clubs for the past two years.
On-campus groups are welcome to
participate.
The Stanford Community for
McGovern is sponsoring a free
concert today at noon in White
Plaza. The concert will feature
Flash, a group which has played in
area clubs for the past two years.
On-campus groups are welcome to
participate.
