# Weber Appointed To Library Post
## 
### 
David C. Weber, 36, now at liar- j
vard University, will become as- !
sistant director of the Stanford
University Libraries on June 1,
Elmer M. Grieder, acting director,
announced today.
Weber, a graduate of Colby Col
lege, has been assistant director
of the Harvard University libra-1
ries since 1957. He holds a mas
ter's degree from Harvard and a
degree in librarianship from Co- j
lumbia University.
Weber recently supervised the
merging of the Harvard Medical ,
School Library and the Boston
Medical Library. He has boon ac
tive in library planning, staff de
velopment and financial adminis
tration. He is also a member of
the American Historical Associa
tion, the Mississippi Valley Histo- ;
rical Association, the Society of
American Archivists, and other J
professional organizations.
David C. Weber, 36, now at liar- j
vard University, will become as- !
sistant director of the Stanford
University Libraries on June 1,
Elmer M. Grieder, acting director,
announced today.
Weber, a graduate of Colby Col
lege, has been assistant director
of the Harvard University libra-1
ries since 1957. He holds a mas
ter's degree from Harvard and a
degree in librarianship from Co- j
lumbia University.
Weber recently supervised the
merging of the Harvard Medical ,
School Library and the Boston
Medical Library. He has boon ac
tive in library planning, staff de
velopment and financial adminis
tration. He is also a member of
the American Historical Associa
tion, the Mississippi Valley Histo- ;
rical Association, the Society of
American Archivists, and other J
professional organizations.
David C. Weber, 36, now at liar- j
vard University, will become as- !
sistant director of the Stanford
University Libraries on June 1,
Elmer M. Grieder, acting director,
announced today.
Weber, a graduate of Colby Col
lege, has been assistant director
of the Harvard University libra-1
ries since 1957. He holds a mas
ter's degree from Harvard and a
degree in librarianship from Co- j
lumbia University.
Weber recently supervised the
merging of the Harvard Medical ,
School Library and the Boston
Medical Library. He has boon ac
tive in library planning, staff de
velopment and financial adminis
tration. He is also a member of
the American Historical Associa
tion, the Mississippi Valley Histo- ;
rical Association, the Society of
American Archivists, and other J
professional organizations.
David C. Weber, 36, now at liar- j
vard University, will become as- !
sistant director of the Stanford
University Libraries on June 1,
Elmer M. Grieder, acting director,
announced today.
Weber, a graduate of Colby Col
lege, has been assistant director
of the Harvard University libra-1
ries since 1957. He holds a mas
ter's degree from Harvard and a
degree in librarianship from Co- j
lumbia University.
Weber recently supervised the
merging of the Harvard Medical ,
School Library and the Boston
Medical Library. He has boon ac
tive in library planning, staff de
velopment and financial adminis
tration. He is also a member of
the American Historical Associa
tion, the Mississippi Valley Histo- ;
rical Association, the Society of
American Archivists, and other J
professional organizations.
David C. Weber, 36, now at liar- j
vard University, will become as- !
sistant director of the Stanford
University Libraries on June 1,
Elmer M. Grieder, acting director,
announced today.
Weber, a graduate of Colby Col
lege, has been assistant director
of the Harvard University libra-1
ries since 1957. He holds a mas
ter's degree from Harvard and a
degree in librarianship from Co- j
lumbia University.
Weber recently supervised the
merging of the Harvard Medical ,
School Library and the Boston
Medical Library. He has boon ac
tive in library planning, staff de
velopment and financial adminis
tration. He is also a member of
the American Historical Associa
tion, the Mississippi Valley Histo- ;
rical Association, the Society of
American Archivists, and other J
professional organizations.
David C. Weber, 36, now at liar- j
vard University, will become as- !
sistant director of the Stanford
University Libraries on June 1,
Elmer M. Grieder, acting director,
announced today.
Weber, a graduate of Colby Col
lege, has been assistant director
of the Harvard University libra-1
ries since 1957. He holds a mas
ter's degree from Harvard and a
degree in librarianship from Co- j
lumbia University.
Weber recently supervised the
merging of the Harvard Medical ,
School Library and the Boston
Medical Library. He has boon ac
tive in library planning, staff de
velopment and financial adminis
tration. He is also a member of
the American Historical Associa
tion, the Mississippi Valley Histo- ;
rical Association, the Society of
American Archivists, and other J
professional organizations.
David C. Weber, 36, now at liar- j
vard University, will become as- !
sistant director of the Stanford
University Libraries on June 1,
Elmer M. Grieder, acting director,
announced today.
Weber, a graduate of Colby Col
lege, has been assistant director
of the Harvard University libra-1
ries since 1957. He holds a mas
ter's degree from Harvard and a
degree in librarianship from Co- j
lumbia University.
Weber recently supervised the
merging of the Harvard Medical ,
School Library and the Boston
Medical Library. He has boon ac
tive in library planning, staff de
velopment and financial adminis
tration. He is also a member of
the American Historical Associa
tion, the Mississippi Valley Histo- ;
rical Association, the Society of
American Archivists, and other J
professional organizations.
David C. Weber, 36, now at liar- j
vard University, will become as- !
sistant director of the Stanford
University Libraries on June 1,
Elmer M. Grieder, acting director,
announced today.
Weber, a graduate of Colby Col
lege, has been assistant director
of the Harvard University libra-1
ries since 1957. He holds a mas
ter's degree from Harvard and a
degree in librarianship from Co- j
lumbia University.
Weber recently supervised the
merging of the Harvard Medical ,
School Library and the Boston
Medical Library. He has boon ac
tive in library planning, staff de
velopment and financial adminis
tration. He is also a member of
the American Historical Associa
tion, the Mississippi Valley Histo- ;
rical Association, the Society of
American Archivists, and other J
professional organizations.
David C. Weber, 36, now at liar- j
vard University, will become as- !
sistant director of the Stanford
University Libraries on June 1,
Elmer M. Grieder, acting director,
announced today.
Weber, a graduate of Colby Col
lege, has been assistant director
of the Harvard University libra-1
ries since 1957. He holds a mas
ter's degree from Harvard and a
degree in librarianship from Co- j
lumbia University.
Weber recently supervised the
merging of the Harvard Medical ,
School Library and the Boston
Medical Library. He has boon ac
tive in library planning, staff de
velopment and financial adminis
tration. He is also a member of
the American Historical Associa
tion, the Mississippi Valley Histo- ;
rical Association, the Society of
American Archivists, and other J
professional organizations.
David C. Weber, 36, now at liar- j
vard University, will become as- !
sistant director of the Stanford
University Libraries on June 1,
Elmer M. Grieder, acting director,
announced today.
Weber, a graduate of Colby Col
lege, has been assistant director
of the Harvard University libra-1
ries since 1957. He holds a mas
ter's degree from Harvard and a
degree in librarianship from Co- j
lumbia University.
Weber recently supervised the
merging of the Harvard Medical ,
School Library and the Boston
Medical Library. He has boon ac
tive in library planning, staff de
velopment and financial adminis
tration. He is also a member of
the American Historical Associa
tion, the Mississippi Valley Histo- ;
rical Association, the Society of
American Archivists, and other J
professional organizations.
David C. Weber, 36, now at liar- j
vard University, will become as- !
sistant director of the Stanford
University Libraries on June 1,
Elmer M. Grieder, acting director,
announced today.
Weber, a graduate of Colby Col
lege, has been assistant director
of the Harvard University libra-1
ries since 1957. He holds a mas
ter's degree from Harvard and a
degree in librarianship from Co- j
lumbia University.
Weber recently supervised the
merging of the Harvard Medical ,
School Library and the Boston
Medical Library. He has boon ac
tive in library planning, staff de
velopment and financial adminis
tration. He is also a member of
the American Historical Associa
tion, the Mississippi Valley Histo- ;
rical Association, the Society of
American Archivists, and other J
professional organizations.
David C. Weber, 36, now at liar- j
vard University, will become as- !
sistant director of the Stanford
University Libraries on June 1,
Elmer M. Grieder, acting director,
announced today.
Weber, a graduate of Colby Col
lege, has been assistant director
of the Harvard University libra-1
ries since 1957. He holds a mas
ter's degree from Harvard and a
degree in librarianship from Co- j
lumbia University.
Weber recently supervised the
merging of the Harvard Medical ,
School Library and the Boston
Medical Library. He has boon ac
tive in library planning, staff de
velopment and financial adminis
tration. He is also a member of
the American Historical Associa
tion, the Mississippi Valley Histo- ;
rical Association, the Society of
American Archivists, and other J
professional organizations.
David C. Weber, 36, now at liar- j
vard University, will become as- !
sistant director of the Stanford
University Libraries on June 1,
Elmer M. Grieder, acting director,
announced today.
Weber, a graduate of Colby Col
lege, has been assistant director
of the Harvard University libra-1
ries since 1957. He holds a mas
ter's degree from Harvard and a
degree in librarianship from Co- j
lumbia University.
Weber recently supervised the
merging of the Harvard Medical ,
School Library and the Boston
Medical Library. He has boon ac
tive in library planning, staff de
velopment and financial adminis
tration. He is also a member of
the American Historical Associa
tion, the Mississippi Valley Histo- ;
rical Association, the Society of
American Archivists, and other J
professional organizations.
David C. Weber, 36, now at liar- j
vard University, will become as- !
sistant director of the Stanford
University Libraries on June 1,
Elmer M. Grieder, acting director,
announced today.
Weber, a graduate of Colby Col
lege, has been assistant director
of the Harvard University libra-1
ries since 1957. He holds a mas
ter's degree from Harvard and a
degree in librarianship from Co- j
lumbia University.
Weber recently supervised the
merging of the Harvard Medical ,
School Library and the Boston
Medical Library. He has boon ac
tive in library planning, staff de
velopment and financial adminis
tration. He is also a member of
the American Historical Associa
tion, the Mississippi Valley Histo- ;
rical Association, the Society of
American Archivists, and other J
professional organizations.
David C. Weber, 36, now at liar- j
vard University, will become as- !
sistant director of the Stanford
University Libraries on June 1,
Elmer M. Grieder, acting director,
announced today.
Weber, a graduate of Colby Col
lege, has been assistant director
of the Harvard University libra-1
ries since 1957. He holds a mas
ter's degree from Harvard and a
degree in librarianship from Co- j
lumbia University.
Weber recently supervised the
merging of the Harvard Medical ,
School Library and the Boston
Medical Library. He has boon ac
tive in library planning, staff de
velopment and financial adminis
tration. He is also a member of
the American Historical Associa
tion, the Mississippi Valley Histo- ;
rical Association, the Society of
American Archivists, and other J
professional organizations.
David C. Weber, 36, now at liar- j
vard University, will become as- !
sistant director of the Stanford
University Libraries on June 1,
Elmer M. Grieder, acting director,
announced today.
Weber, a graduate of Colby Col
lege, has been assistant director
of the Harvard University libra-1
ries since 1957. He holds a mas
ter's degree from Harvard and a
degree in librarianship from Co- j
lumbia University.
Weber recently supervised the
merging of the Harvard Medical ,
School Library and the Boston
Medical Library. He has boon ac
tive in library planning, staff de
velopment and financial adminis
tration. He is also a member of
the American Historical Associa
tion, the Mississippi Valley Histo- ;
rical Association, the Society of
American Archivists, and other J
professional organizations.
