# Adv. 11 Page 3
## 
### 
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Y Suits
/ (AND SUCH) \
AT 61 POST
Presenting our
New Haven cut,
with lapped edges
and seams, hook
vents, plain .front
slim leg trousers.
Authentic in
every detail Most
at 68.50... others
58.50 to 125.00
SIXTY-ONE POST
\ BROWSERS /
uV WELCOME /Q
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Y Suits
/ (AND SUCH) \
AT 61 POST
Presenting our
New Haven cut,
with lapped edges
and seams, hook
vents, plain .front
slim leg trousers.
Authentic in
every detail Most
at 68.50... others
58.50 to 125.00
SIXTY-ONE POST
\ BROWSERS /
uV WELCOME /Q
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Y Suits
/ (AND SUCH) \
AT 61 POST
Presenting our
New Haven cut,
with lapped edges
and seams, hook
vents, plain .front
slim leg trousers.
Authentic in
every detail Most
at 68.50... others
58.50 to 125.00
SIXTY-ONE POST
\ BROWSERS /
uV WELCOME /Q
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Y Suits
/ (AND SUCH) \
AT 61 POST
Presenting our
New Haven cut,
with lapped edges
and seams, hook
vents, plain .front
slim leg trousers.
Authentic in
every detail Most
at 68.50... others
58.50 to 125.00
SIXTY-ONE POST
\ BROWSERS /
uV WELCOME /Q
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Y Suits
/ (AND SUCH) \
AT 61 POST
Presenting our
New Haven cut,
with lapped edges
and seams, hook
vents, plain .front
slim leg trousers.
Authentic in
every detail Most
at 68.50... others
58.50 to 125.00
SIXTY-ONE POST
\ BROWSERS /
uV WELCOME /Q
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Y Suits
/ (AND SUCH) \
AT 61 POST
Presenting our
New Haven cut,
with lapped edges
and seams, hook
vents, plain .front
slim leg trousers.
Authentic in
every detail Most
at 68.50... others
58.50 to 125.00
SIXTY-ONE POST
\ BROWSERS /
uV WELCOME /Q
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Y Suits
/ (AND SUCH) \
AT 61 POST
Presenting our
New Haven cut,
with lapped edges
and seams, hook
vents, plain .front
slim leg trousers.
Authentic in
every detail Most
at 68.50... others
58.50 to 125.00
SIXTY-ONE POST
\ BROWSERS /
uV WELCOME /Q
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Y Suits
/ (AND SUCH) \
AT 61 POST
Presenting our
New Haven cut,
with lapped edges
and seams, hook
vents, plain .front
slim leg trousers.
Authentic in
every detail Most
at 68.50... others
58.50 to 125.00
SIXTY-ONE POST
\ BROWSERS /
uV WELCOME /Q
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Y Suits
/ (AND SUCH) \
AT 61 POST
Presenting our
New Haven cut,
with lapped edges
and seams, hook
vents, plain .front
slim leg trousers.
Authentic in
every detail Most
at 68.50... others
58.50 to 125.00
SIXTY-ONE POST
\ BROWSERS /
uV WELCOME /Q
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Y Suits
/ (AND SUCH) \
AT 61 POST
Presenting our
New Haven cut,
with lapped edges
and seams, hook
vents, plain .front
slim leg trousers.
Authentic in
every detail Most
at 68.50... others
58.50 to 125.00
SIXTY-ONE POST
\ BROWSERS /
uV WELCOME /Q
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Y Suits
/ (AND SUCH) \
AT 61 POST
Presenting our
New Haven cut,
with lapped edges
and seams, hook
vents, plain .front
slim leg trousers.
Authentic in
every detail Most
at 68.50... others
58.50 to 125.00
SIXTY-ONE POST
\ BROWSERS /
uV WELCOME /Q
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Y Suits
/ (AND SUCH) \
AT 61 POST
Presenting our
New Haven cut,
with lapped edges
and seams, hook
vents, plain .front
slim leg trousers.
Authentic in
every detail Most
at 68.50... others
58.50 to 125.00
SIXTY-ONE POST
\ BROWSERS /
uV WELCOME /Q
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Y Suits
/ (AND SUCH) \
AT 61 POST
Presenting our
New Haven cut,
with lapped edges
and seams, hook
vents, plain .front
slim leg trousers.
Authentic in
every detail Most
at 68.50... others
58.50 to 125.00
SIXTY-ONE POST
\ BROWSERS /
uV WELCOME /Q
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Y Suits
/ (AND SUCH) \
AT 61 POST
Presenting our
New Haven cut,
with lapped edges
and seams, hook
vents, plain .front
slim leg trousers.
Authentic in
every detail Most
at 68.50... others
58.50 to 125.00
SIXTY-ONE POST
\ BROWSERS /
uV WELCOME /Q
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Y Suits
/ (AND SUCH) \
AT 61 POST
Presenting our
New Haven cut,
with lapped edges
and seams, hook
vents, plain .front
slim leg trousers.
Authentic in
every detail Most
at 68.50... others
58.50 to 125.00
SIXTY-ONE POST
\ BROWSERS /
uV WELCOME /Q
