# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Guthrie House announces the en
gagement of Sue Hirst '56 to Robert
Savage, Monterey U. S. Army Lan
guage School, University of Maine,
'54.
Guthrie House announces the en
gagement of Sue Hirst '56 to Robert
Savage, Monterey U. S. Army Lan
guage School, University of Maine,
'54.
Guthrie House announces the en
gagement of Sue Hirst '56 to Robert
Savage, Monterey U. S. Army Lan
guage School, University of Maine,
'54.
Guthrie House announces the en
gagement of Sue Hirst '56 to Robert
Savage, Monterey U. S. Army Lan
guage School, University of Maine,
'54.
Guthrie House announces the en
gagement of Sue Hirst '56 to Robert
Savage, Monterey U. S. Army Lan
guage School, University of Maine,
'54.
Guthrie House announces the en
gagement of Sue Hirst '56 to Robert
Savage, Monterey U. S. Army Lan
guage School, University of Maine,
'54.
Guthrie House announces the en
gagement of Sue Hirst '56 to Robert
Savage, Monterey U. S. Army Lan
guage School, University of Maine,
'54.
Guthrie House announces the en
gagement of Sue Hirst '56 to Robert
Savage, Monterey U. S. Army Lan
guage School, University of Maine,
'54.
Guthrie House announces the en
gagement of Sue Hirst '56 to Robert
Savage, Monterey U. S. Army Lan
guage School, University of Maine,
'54.
Guthrie House announces the en
gagement of Sue Hirst '56 to Robert
Savage, Monterey U. S. Army Lan
guage School, University of Maine,
'54.
Guthrie House announces the en
gagement of Sue Hirst '56 to Robert
Savage, Monterey U. S. Army Lan
guage School, University of Maine,
'54.
Guthrie House announces the en
gagement of Sue Hirst '56 to Robert
Savage, Monterey U. S. Army Lan
guage School, University of Maine,
'54.
Guthrie House announces the en
gagement of Sue Hirst '56 to Robert
Savage, Monterey U. S. Army Lan
guage School, University of Maine,
'54.
Guthrie House announces the en
gagement of Sue Hirst '56 to Robert
Savage, Monterey U. S. Army Lan
guage School, University of Maine,
'54.
Guthrie House announces the en
gagement of Sue Hirst '56 to Robert
Savage, Monterey U. S. Army Lan
guage School, University of Maine,
'54.
