# It's Good for Two!
## 
### 
IN FOR A LAY-UP—Bill Bond, ignoring apparent odds, ducks in front of Washington co-captain
Ron Olsen (20) and appears to be headed into the arms of Huskies George Strugar (31) and co
captain Jim Coshow (33), in a game played here Dec. 2. But the agile guard slipped through to
complete his play. Bond scored 40 points in two games to lead the Indians to a pair of wins.


Quad Photo
IN FOR A LAY-UP—Bill Bond, ignoring apparent odds, ducks in front of Washington co-captain
Ron Olsen (20) and appears to be headed into the arms of Huskies George Strugar (31) and co
captain Jim Coshow (33), in a game played here Dec. 2. But the agile guard slipped through to
complete his play. Bond scored 40 points in two games to lead the Indians to a pair of wins.


Quad Photo
IN FOR A LAY-UP—Bill Bond, ignoring apparent odds, ducks in front of Washington co-captain
Ron Olsen (20) and appears to be headed into the arms of Huskies George Strugar (31) and co
captain Jim Coshow (33), in a game played here Dec. 2. But the agile guard slipped through to
complete his play. Bond scored 40 points in two games to lead the Indians to a pair of wins.


Quad Photo
IN FOR A LAY-UP—Bill Bond, ignoring apparent odds, ducks in front of Washington co-captain
Ron Olsen (20) and appears to be headed into the arms of Huskies George Strugar (31) and co
captain Jim Coshow (33), in a game played here Dec. 2. But the agile guard slipped through to
complete his play. Bond scored 40 points in two games to lead the Indians to a pair of wins.


Quad Photo
IN FOR A LAY-UP—Bill Bond, ignoring apparent odds, ducks in front of Washington co-captain
Ron Olsen (20) and appears to be headed into the arms of Huskies George Strugar (31) and co
captain Jim Coshow (33), in a game played here Dec. 2. But the agile guard slipped through to
complete his play. Bond scored 40 points in two games to lead the Indians to a pair of wins.


Quad Photo
IN FOR A LAY-UP—Bill Bond, ignoring apparent odds, ducks in front of Washington co-captain
Ron Olsen (20) and appears to be headed into the arms of Huskies George Strugar (31) and co
captain Jim Coshow (33), in a game played here Dec. 2. But the agile guard slipped through to
complete his play. Bond scored 40 points in two games to lead the Indians to a pair of wins.


Quad Photo
IN FOR A LAY-UP—Bill Bond, ignoring apparent odds, ducks in front of Washington co-captain
Ron Olsen (20) and appears to be headed into the arms of Huskies George Strugar (31) and co
captain Jim Coshow (33), in a game played here Dec. 2. But the agile guard slipped through to
complete his play. Bond scored 40 points in two games to lead the Indians to a pair of wins.


Quad Photo
IN FOR A LAY-UP—Bill Bond, ignoring apparent odds, ducks in front of Washington co-captain
Ron Olsen (20) and appears to be headed into the arms of Huskies George Strugar (31) and co
captain Jim Coshow (33), in a game played here Dec. 2. But the agile guard slipped through to
complete his play. Bond scored 40 points in two games to lead the Indians to a pair of wins.


Quad Photo
IN FOR A LAY-UP—Bill Bond, ignoring apparent odds, ducks in front of Washington co-captain
Ron Olsen (20) and appears to be headed into the arms of Huskies George Strugar (31) and co
captain Jim Coshow (33), in a game played here Dec. 2. But the agile guard slipped through to
complete his play. Bond scored 40 points in two games to lead the Indians to a pair of wins.


Quad Photo
IN FOR A LAY-UP—Bill Bond, ignoring apparent odds, ducks in front of Washington co-captain
Ron Olsen (20) and appears to be headed into the arms of Huskies George Strugar (31) and co
captain Jim Coshow (33), in a game played here Dec. 2. But the agile guard slipped through to
complete his play. Bond scored 40 points in two games to lead the Indians to a pair of wins.


Quad Photo
IN FOR A LAY-UP—Bill Bond, ignoring apparent odds, ducks in front of Washington co-captain
Ron Olsen (20) and appears to be headed into the arms of Huskies George Strugar (31) and co
captain Jim Coshow (33), in a game played here Dec. 2. But the agile guard slipped through to
complete his play. Bond scored 40 points in two games to lead the Indians to a pair of wins.


Quad Photo
IN FOR A LAY-UP—Bill Bond, ignoring apparent odds, ducks in front of Washington co-captain
Ron Olsen (20) and appears to be headed into the arms of Huskies George Strugar (31) and co
captain Jim Coshow (33), in a game played here Dec. 2. But the agile guard slipped through to
complete his play. Bond scored 40 points in two games to lead the Indians to a pair of wins.


Quad Photo
IN FOR A LAY-UP—Bill Bond, ignoring apparent odds, ducks in front of Washington co-captain
Ron Olsen (20) and appears to be headed into the arms of Huskies George Strugar (31) and co
captain Jim Coshow (33), in a game played here Dec. 2. But the agile guard slipped through to
complete his play. Bond scored 40 points in two games to lead the Indians to a pair of wins.


Quad Photo
IN FOR A LAY-UP—Bill Bond, ignoring apparent odds, ducks in front of Washington co-captain
Ron Olsen (20) and appears to be headed into the arms of Huskies George Strugar (31) and co
captain Jim Coshow (33), in a game played here Dec. 2. But the agile guard slipped through to
complete his play. Bond scored 40 points in two games to lead the Indians to a pair of wins.


Quad Photo
IN FOR A LAY-UP—Bill Bond, ignoring apparent odds, ducks in front of Washington co-captain
Ron Olsen (20) and appears to be headed into the arms of Huskies George Strugar (31) and co
captain Jim Coshow (33), in a game played here Dec. 2. But the agile guard slipped through to
complete his play. Bond scored 40 points in two games to lead the Indians to a pair of wins.


Quad Photo
