# Tittle, Wilson Sign 49'er Contracts
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. fi (U.R)—
Quarterback Y. A. Tittle and end
Billy Wilson, the San Francisco For
ty Niners' top aerial threat, have
signed contracts for 1956, the club
announced yesterday.
Tittle, an eighit-year veteran in
the National Football League, had
one of his best seasons in 1955 de
spite the Forty Niners' poor record.
He completed 147 of 287 passes for
2185 yards and 17 touchdowns, and
his scoring passes were equaled only
by Tobin Rote of the Green Bay
Packers.
Wilson, unanimous all-pro choice,
was second in pass receiving in 1955
with 53 catches for a total of 831
yards.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. fi (U.R)—
Quarterback Y. A. Tittle and end
Billy Wilson, the San Francisco For
ty Niners' top aerial threat, have
signed contracts for 1956, the club
announced yesterday.
Tittle, an eighit-year veteran in
the National Football League, had
one of his best seasons in 1955 de
spite the Forty Niners' poor record.
He completed 147 of 287 passes for
2185 yards and 17 touchdowns, and
his scoring passes were equaled only
by Tobin Rote of the Green Bay
Packers.
Wilson, unanimous all-pro choice,
was second in pass receiving in 1955
with 53 catches for a total of 831
yards.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. fi (U.R)—
Quarterback Y. A. Tittle and end
Billy Wilson, the San Francisco For
ty Niners' top aerial threat, have
signed contracts for 1956, the club
announced yesterday.
Tittle, an eighit-year veteran in
the National Football League, had
one of his best seasons in 1955 de
spite the Forty Niners' poor record.
He completed 147 of 287 passes for
2185 yards and 17 touchdowns, and
his scoring passes were equaled only
by Tobin Rote of the Green Bay
Packers.
Wilson, unanimous all-pro choice,
was second in pass receiving in 1955
with 53 catches for a total of 831
yards.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. fi (U.R)—
Quarterback Y. A. Tittle and end
Billy Wilson, the San Francisco For
ty Niners' top aerial threat, have
signed contracts for 1956, the club
announced yesterday.
Tittle, an eighit-year veteran in
the National Football League, had
one of his best seasons in 1955 de
spite the Forty Niners' poor record.
He completed 147 of 287 passes for
2185 yards and 17 touchdowns, and
his scoring passes were equaled only
by Tobin Rote of the Green Bay
Packers.
Wilson, unanimous all-pro choice,
was second in pass receiving in 1955
with 53 catches for a total of 831
yards.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. fi (U.R)—
Quarterback Y. A. Tittle and end
Billy Wilson, the San Francisco For
ty Niners' top aerial threat, have
signed contracts for 1956, the club
announced yesterday.
Tittle, an eighit-year veteran in
the National Football League, had
one of his best seasons in 1955 de
spite the Forty Niners' poor record.
He completed 147 of 287 passes for
2185 yards and 17 touchdowns, and
his scoring passes were equaled only
by Tobin Rote of the Green Bay
Packers.
Wilson, unanimous all-pro choice,
was second in pass receiving in 1955
with 53 catches for a total of 831
yards.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. fi (U.R)—
Quarterback Y. A. Tittle and end
Billy Wilson, the San Francisco For
ty Niners' top aerial threat, have
signed contracts for 1956, the club
announced yesterday.
Tittle, an eighit-year veteran in
the National Football League, had
one of his best seasons in 1955 de
spite the Forty Niners' poor record.
He completed 147 of 287 passes for
2185 yards and 17 touchdowns, and
his scoring passes were equaled only
by Tobin Rote of the Green Bay
Packers.
Wilson, unanimous all-pro choice,
was second in pass receiving in 1955
with 53 catches for a total of 831
yards.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. fi (U.R)—
Quarterback Y. A. Tittle and end
Billy Wilson, the San Francisco For
ty Niners' top aerial threat, have
signed contracts for 1956, the club
announced yesterday.
Tittle, an eighit-year veteran in
the National Football League, had
one of his best seasons in 1955 de
spite the Forty Niners' poor record.
He completed 147 of 287 passes for
2185 yards and 17 touchdowns, and
his scoring passes were equaled only
by Tobin Rote of the Green Bay
Packers.
Wilson, unanimous all-pro choice,
was second in pass receiving in 1955
with 53 catches for a total of 831
yards.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. fi (U.R)—
Quarterback Y. A. Tittle and end
Billy Wilson, the San Francisco For
ty Niners' top aerial threat, have
signed contracts for 1956, the club
announced yesterday.
Tittle, an eighit-year veteran in
the National Football League, had
one of his best seasons in 1955 de
spite the Forty Niners' poor record.
He completed 147 of 287 passes for
2185 yards and 17 touchdowns, and
his scoring passes were equaled only
by Tobin Rote of the Green Bay
Packers.
Wilson, unanimous all-pro choice,
was second in pass receiving in 1955
with 53 catches for a total of 831
yards.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. fi (U.R)—
Quarterback Y. A. Tittle and end
Billy Wilson, the San Francisco For
ty Niners' top aerial threat, have
signed contracts for 1956, the club
announced yesterday.
Tittle, an eighit-year veteran in
the National Football League, had
one of his best seasons in 1955 de
spite the Forty Niners' poor record.
He completed 147 of 287 passes for
2185 yards and 17 touchdowns, and
his scoring passes were equaled only
by Tobin Rote of the Green Bay
Packers.
Wilson, unanimous all-pro choice,
was second in pass receiving in 1955
with 53 catches for a total of 831
yards.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. fi (U.R)—
Quarterback Y. A. Tittle and end
Billy Wilson, the San Francisco For
ty Niners' top aerial threat, have
signed contracts for 1956, the club
announced yesterday.
Tittle, an eighit-year veteran in
the National Football League, had
one of his best seasons in 1955 de
spite the Forty Niners' poor record.
He completed 147 of 287 passes for
2185 yards and 17 touchdowns, and
his scoring passes were equaled only
by Tobin Rote of the Green Bay
Packers.
Wilson, unanimous all-pro choice,
was second in pass receiving in 1955
with 53 catches for a total of 831
yards.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. fi (U.R)—
Quarterback Y. A. Tittle and end
Billy Wilson, the San Francisco For
ty Niners' top aerial threat, have
signed contracts for 1956, the club
announced yesterday.
Tittle, an eighit-year veteran in
the National Football League, had
one of his best seasons in 1955 de
spite the Forty Niners' poor record.
He completed 147 of 287 passes for
2185 yards and 17 touchdowns, and
his scoring passes were equaled only
by Tobin Rote of the Green Bay
Packers.
Wilson, unanimous all-pro choice,
was second in pass receiving in 1955
with 53 catches for a total of 831
yards.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. fi (U.R)—
Quarterback Y. A. Tittle and end
Billy Wilson, the San Francisco For
ty Niners' top aerial threat, have
signed contracts for 1956, the club
announced yesterday.
Tittle, an eighit-year veteran in
the National Football League, had
one of his best seasons in 1955 de
spite the Forty Niners' poor record.
He completed 147 of 287 passes for
2185 yards and 17 touchdowns, and
his scoring passes were equaled only
by Tobin Rote of the Green Bay
Packers.
Wilson, unanimous all-pro choice,
was second in pass receiving in 1955
with 53 catches for a total of 831
yards.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. fi (U.R)—
Quarterback Y. A. Tittle and end
Billy Wilson, the San Francisco For
ty Niners' top aerial threat, have
signed contracts for 1956, the club
announced yesterday.
Tittle, an eighit-year veteran in
the National Football League, had
one of his best seasons in 1955 de
spite the Forty Niners' poor record.
He completed 147 of 287 passes for
2185 yards and 17 touchdowns, and
his scoring passes were equaled only
by Tobin Rote of the Green Bay
Packers.
Wilson, unanimous all-pro choice,
was second in pass receiving in 1955
with 53 catches for a total of 831
yards.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. fi (U.R)—
Quarterback Y. A. Tittle and end
Billy Wilson, the San Francisco For
ty Niners' top aerial threat, have
signed contracts for 1956, the club
announced yesterday.
Tittle, an eighit-year veteran in
the National Football League, had
one of his best seasons in 1955 de
spite the Forty Niners' poor record.
He completed 147 of 287 passes for
2185 yards and 17 touchdowns, and
his scoring passes were equaled only
by Tobin Rote of the Green Bay
Packers.
Wilson, unanimous all-pro choice,
was second in pass receiving in 1955
with 53 catches for a total of 831
yards.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. fi (U.R)—
Quarterback Y. A. Tittle and end
Billy Wilson, the San Francisco For
ty Niners' top aerial threat, have
signed contracts for 1956, the club
announced yesterday.
Tittle, an eighit-year veteran in
the National Football League, had
one of his best seasons in 1955 de
spite the Forty Niners' poor record.
He completed 147 of 287 passes for
2185 yards and 17 touchdowns, and
his scoring passes were equaled only
by Tobin Rote of the Green Bay
Packers.
Wilson, unanimous all-pro choice,
was second in pass receiving in 1955
with 53 catches for a total of 831
yards.
