# Tryouts Start For 'The Golden Apple'
## 
### 
Dance tryouts for the Speech and
Drama Department production, "The
Golden Apple," will be held tonight
at 7:30 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium.
Tryouits will be conducted by
Richard Ford. All students are eli
gible and Ford requested that each
one bring a piece of music or a
record to dance to.
Dance tryouts for the Speech and
Drama Department production, "The
Golden Apple," will be held tonight
at 7:30 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium.
Tryouits will be conducted by
Richard Ford. All students are eli
gible and Ford requested that each
one bring a piece of music or a
record to dance to.
Dance tryouts for the Speech and
Drama Department production, "The
Golden Apple," will be held tonight
at 7:30 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium.
Tryouits will be conducted by
Richard Ford. All students are eli
gible and Ford requested that each
one bring a piece of music or a
record to dance to.
Dance tryouts for the Speech and
Drama Department production, "The
Golden Apple," will be held tonight
at 7:30 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium.
Tryouits will be conducted by
Richard Ford. All students are eli
gible and Ford requested that each
one bring a piece of music or a
record to dance to.
Dance tryouts for the Speech and
Drama Department production, "The
Golden Apple," will be held tonight
at 7:30 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium.
Tryouits will be conducted by
Richard Ford. All students are eli
gible and Ford requested that each
one bring a piece of music or a
record to dance to.
Dance tryouts for the Speech and
Drama Department production, "The
Golden Apple," will be held tonight
at 7:30 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium.
Tryouits will be conducted by
Richard Ford. All students are eli
gible and Ford requested that each
one bring a piece of music or a
record to dance to.
Dance tryouts for the Speech and
Drama Department production, "The
Golden Apple," will be held tonight
at 7:30 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium.
Tryouits will be conducted by
Richard Ford. All students are eli
gible and Ford requested that each
one bring a piece of music or a
record to dance to.
Dance tryouts for the Speech and
Drama Department production, "The
Golden Apple," will be held tonight
at 7:30 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium.
Tryouits will be conducted by
Richard Ford. All students are eli
gible and Ford requested that each
one bring a piece of music or a
record to dance to.
Dance tryouts for the Speech and
Drama Department production, "The
Golden Apple," will be held tonight
at 7:30 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium.
Tryouits will be conducted by
Richard Ford. All students are eli
gible and Ford requested that each
one bring a piece of music or a
record to dance to.
Dance tryouts for the Speech and
Drama Department production, "The
Golden Apple," will be held tonight
at 7:30 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium.
Tryouits will be conducted by
Richard Ford. All students are eli
gible and Ford requested that each
one bring a piece of music or a
record to dance to.
Dance tryouts for the Speech and
Drama Department production, "The
Golden Apple," will be held tonight
at 7:30 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium.
Tryouits will be conducted by
Richard Ford. All students are eli
gible and Ford requested that each
one bring a piece of music or a
record to dance to.
Dance tryouts for the Speech and
Drama Department production, "The
Golden Apple," will be held tonight
at 7:30 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium.
Tryouits will be conducted by
Richard Ford. All students are eli
gible and Ford requested that each
one bring a piece of music or a
record to dance to.
Dance tryouts for the Speech and
Drama Department production, "The
Golden Apple," will be held tonight
at 7:30 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium.
Tryouits will be conducted by
Richard Ford. All students are eli
gible and Ford requested that each
one bring a piece of music or a
record to dance to.
Dance tryouts for the Speech and
Drama Department production, "The
Golden Apple," will be held tonight
at 7:30 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium.
Tryouits will be conducted by
Richard Ford. All students are eli
gible and Ford requested that each
one bring a piece of music or a
record to dance to.
Dance tryouts for the Speech and
Drama Department production, "The
Golden Apple," will be held tonight
at 7:30 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium.
Tryouits will be conducted by
Richard Ford. All students are eli
gible and Ford requested that each
one bring a piece of music or a
record to dance to.
