# Candidates for Degree Will Meet.
## 
### 
A suggestion has been made by
Professor A. T. Murray of the Greek
department that the candidates for the
degree of Master of Arts meet to
morrow afternoon at 1:30 in room 21.
The meeting is for the purpose of
discussing the matter of securing uni
form gowns for the commencement
exercises.
A suggestion has been made by
Professor A. T. Murray of the Greek
department that the candidates for the
degree of Master of Arts meet to
morrow afternoon at 1:30 in room 21.
The meeting is for the purpose of
discussing the matter of securing uni
form gowns for the commencement
exercises.
A suggestion has been made by
Professor A. T. Murray of the Greek
department that the candidates for the
degree of Master of Arts meet to
morrow afternoon at 1:30 in room 21.
The meeting is for the purpose of
discussing the matter of securing uni
form gowns for the commencement
exercises.
A suggestion has been made by
Professor A. T. Murray of the Greek
department that the candidates for the
degree of Master of Arts meet to
morrow afternoon at 1:30 in room 21.
The meeting is for the purpose of
discussing the matter of securing uni
form gowns for the commencement
exercises.
A suggestion has been made by
Professor A. T. Murray of the Greek
department that the candidates for the
degree of Master of Arts meet to
morrow afternoon at 1:30 in room 21.
The meeting is for the purpose of
discussing the matter of securing uni
form gowns for the commencement
exercises.
A suggestion has been made by
Professor A. T. Murray of the Greek
department that the candidates for the
degree of Master of Arts meet to
morrow afternoon at 1:30 in room 21.
The meeting is for the purpose of
discussing the matter of securing uni
form gowns for the commencement
exercises.
A suggestion has been made by
Professor A. T. Murray of the Greek
department that the candidates for the
degree of Master of Arts meet to
morrow afternoon at 1:30 in room 21.
The meeting is for the purpose of
discussing the matter of securing uni
form gowns for the commencement
exercises.
A suggestion has been made by
Professor A. T. Murray of the Greek
department that the candidates for the
degree of Master of Arts meet to
morrow afternoon at 1:30 in room 21.
The meeting is for the purpose of
discussing the matter of securing uni
form gowns for the commencement
exercises.
A suggestion has been made by
Professor A. T. Murray of the Greek
department that the candidates for the
degree of Master of Arts meet to
morrow afternoon at 1:30 in room 21.
The meeting is for the purpose of
discussing the matter of securing uni
form gowns for the commencement
exercises.
A suggestion has been made by
Professor A. T. Murray of the Greek
department that the candidates for the
degree of Master of Arts meet to
morrow afternoon at 1:30 in room 21.
The meeting is for the purpose of
discussing the matter of securing uni
form gowns for the commencement
exercises.
