# Communication.
## 
### 
Editor Daily Palo Alto,
Dear Sir: 1 wish you would kindly
permit me the use of sufficient space
to say that through an inexcusable
piece of carlessness on the part of
our printer, a dedicatory frontispiece
was omitted in the setting up of to
day's issue of the Sequoia. The mag
azine was intended to be formally
dedicated to the graduates of 1909.
Yours truly,
P. P. Valentine,
Editor Sequoia.
Editor Daily Palo Alto,
Dear Sir: 1 wish you would kindly
permit me the use of sufficient space
to say that through an inexcusable
piece of carlessness on the part of
our printer, a dedicatory frontispiece
was omitted in the setting up of to
day's issue of the Sequoia. The mag
azine was intended to be formally
dedicated to the graduates of 1909.
Yours truly,
P. P. Valentine,
Editor Sequoia.
Editor Daily Palo Alto,
Dear Sir: 1 wish you would kindly
permit me the use of sufficient space
to say that through an inexcusable
piece of carlessness on the part of
our printer, a dedicatory frontispiece
was omitted in the setting up of to
day's issue of the Sequoia. The mag
azine was intended to be formally
dedicated to the graduates of 1909.
Yours truly,
P. P. Valentine,
Editor Sequoia.
Editor Daily Palo Alto,
Dear Sir: 1 wish you would kindly
permit me the use of sufficient space
to say that through an inexcusable
piece of carlessness on the part of
our printer, a dedicatory frontispiece
was omitted in the setting up of to
day's issue of the Sequoia. The mag
azine was intended to be formally
dedicated to the graduates of 1909.
Yours truly,
P. P. Valentine,
Editor Sequoia.
Editor Daily Palo Alto,
Dear Sir: 1 wish you would kindly
permit me the use of sufficient space
to say that through an inexcusable
piece of carlessness on the part of
our printer, a dedicatory frontispiece
was omitted in the setting up of to
day's issue of the Sequoia. The mag
azine was intended to be formally
dedicated to the graduates of 1909.
Yours truly,
P. P. Valentine,
Editor Sequoia.
Editor Daily Palo Alto,
Dear Sir: 1 wish you would kindly
permit me the use of sufficient space
to say that through an inexcusable
piece of carlessness on the part of
our printer, a dedicatory frontispiece
was omitted in the setting up of to
day's issue of the Sequoia. The mag
azine was intended to be formally
dedicated to the graduates of 1909.
Yours truly,
P. P. Valentine,
Editor Sequoia.
Editor Daily Palo Alto,
Dear Sir: 1 wish you would kindly
permit me the use of sufficient space
to say that through an inexcusable
piece of carlessness on the part of
our printer, a dedicatory frontispiece
was omitted in the setting up of to
day's issue of the Sequoia. The mag
azine was intended to be formally
dedicated to the graduates of 1909.
Yours truly,
P. P. Valentine,
Editor Sequoia.
Editor Daily Palo Alto,
Dear Sir: 1 wish you would kindly
permit me the use of sufficient space
to say that through an inexcusable
piece of carlessness on the part of
our printer, a dedicatory frontispiece
was omitted in the setting up of to
day's issue of the Sequoia. The mag
azine was intended to be formally
dedicated to the graduates of 1909.
Yours truly,
P. P. Valentine,
Editor Sequoia.
Editor Daily Palo Alto,
Dear Sir: 1 wish you would kindly
permit me the use of sufficient space
to say that through an inexcusable
piece of carlessness on the part of
our printer, a dedicatory frontispiece
was omitted in the setting up of to
day's issue of the Sequoia. The mag
azine was intended to be formally
dedicated to the graduates of 1909.
Yours truly,
P. P. Valentine,
Editor Sequoia.
Editor Daily Palo Alto,
Dear Sir: 1 wish you would kindly
permit me the use of sufficient space
to say that through an inexcusable
piece of carlessness on the part of
our printer, a dedicatory frontispiece
was omitted in the setting up of to
day's issue of the Sequoia. The mag
azine was intended to be formally
dedicated to the graduates of 1909.
Yours truly,
P. P. Valentine,
Editor Sequoia.
