# Vaccination Slips Are Due Today
## 
### 
Vaccination certificates arc due
today at the Registrar's office for
all new students.
Failure to file certificates by
4:30 will result in a fine of $2,
or if not filed by Oct. 31 regis
tration in the University will be
subject to cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
About 500 students are still de
linquent. according to Miss Tem
plcton of the Registrar's office.
Vaccination certificates arc due
today at the Registrar's office for
all new students.
Failure to file certificates by
4:30 will result in a fine of $2,
or if not filed by Oct. 31 regis
tration in the University will be
subject to cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
About 500 students are still de
linquent. according to Miss Tem
plcton of the Registrar's office.
Vaccination certificates arc due
today at the Registrar's office for
all new students.
Failure to file certificates by
4:30 will result in a fine of $2,
or if not filed by Oct. 31 regis
tration in the University will be
subject to cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
About 500 students are still de
linquent. according to Miss Tem
plcton of the Registrar's office.
Vaccination certificates arc due
today at the Registrar's office for
all new students.
Failure to file certificates by
4:30 will result in a fine of $2,
or if not filed by Oct. 31 regis
tration in the University will be
subject to cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
About 500 students are still de
linquent. according to Miss Tem
plcton of the Registrar's office.
Vaccination certificates arc due
today at the Registrar's office for
all new students.
Failure to file certificates by
4:30 will result in a fine of $2,
or if not filed by Oct. 31 regis
tration in the University will be
subject to cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
About 500 students are still de
linquent. according to Miss Tem
plcton of the Registrar's office.
Vaccination certificates arc due
today at the Registrar's office for
all new students.
Failure to file certificates by
4:30 will result in a fine of $2,
or if not filed by Oct. 31 regis
tration in the University will be
subject to cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
About 500 students are still de
linquent. according to Miss Tem
plcton of the Registrar's office.
Vaccination certificates arc due
today at the Registrar's office for
all new students.
Failure to file certificates by
4:30 will result in a fine of $2,
or if not filed by Oct. 31 regis
tration in the University will be
subject to cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
About 500 students are still de
linquent. according to Miss Tem
plcton of the Registrar's office.
Vaccination certificates arc due
today at the Registrar's office for
all new students.
Failure to file certificates by
4:30 will result in a fine of $2,
or if not filed by Oct. 31 regis
tration in the University will be
subject to cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
About 500 students are still de
linquent. according to Miss Tem
plcton of the Registrar's office.
Vaccination certificates arc due
today at the Registrar's office for
all new students.
Failure to file certificates by
4:30 will result in a fine of $2,
or if not filed by Oct. 31 regis
tration in the University will be
subject to cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
About 500 students are still de
linquent. according to Miss Tem
plcton of the Registrar's office.
Vaccination certificates arc due
today at the Registrar's office for
all new students.
Failure to file certificates by
4:30 will result in a fine of $2,
or if not filed by Oct. 31 regis
tration in the University will be
subject to cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
About 500 students are still de
linquent. according to Miss Tem
plcton of the Registrar's office.
Vaccination certificates arc due
today at the Registrar's office for
all new students.
Failure to file certificates by
4:30 will result in a fine of $2,
or if not filed by Oct. 31 regis
tration in the University will be
subject to cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
About 500 students are still de
linquent. according to Miss Tem
plcton of the Registrar's office.
Vaccination certificates arc due
today at the Registrar's office for
all new students.
Failure to file certificates by
4:30 will result in a fine of $2,
or if not filed by Oct. 31 regis
tration in the University will be
subject to cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
About 500 students are still de
linquent. according to Miss Tem
plcton of the Registrar's office.
Vaccination certificates arc due
today at the Registrar's office for
all new students.
Failure to file certificates by
4:30 will result in a fine of $2,
or if not filed by Oct. 31 regis
tration in the University will be
subject to cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
About 500 students are still de
linquent. according to Miss Tem
plcton of the Registrar's office.
Vaccination certificates arc due
today at the Registrar's office for
all new students.
Failure to file certificates by
4:30 will result in a fine of $2,
or if not filed by Oct. 31 regis
tration in the University will be
subject to cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
About 500 students are still de
linquent. according to Miss Tem
plcton of the Registrar's office.
