# Van Alstyne, Rye Still Out
## 
### 
Stanford's injury news was any
thing but encouraging last night
when it was learned that ends
Bruce Van Alstyne and Jack Rye
both would not be ready for Sat
urday's all - important Washington
contest.
Van Alstyne, who received a knee
injury in the Santa Clara game, is
stiil unable to turn on his banged
up limb, while Rye, stellar defen
sive wingman, is confined to the
Rest Home with a blood ailment.
Guard Owen Powell, who didn't
see action in the Bruin game Sat
urday, may or may not play against
Washington. The question is wheth
er or not the stocky guard's knee
responds to treatment this week.
Fortunately, the Indians received
only a few minor injuries from the
hard - hitting Bruins in the Coli
seum Saturday. Co - captain Russ
Pomeroy got a badly bruised calf
and a bruised hand, while tackle
Ted Taylor suffered from a slight
concussion. It is hoped both men
will be ready for the Husky con
test.
Stanford's injury news was any
thing but encouraging last night
when it was learned that ends
Bruce Van Alstyne and Jack Rye
both would not be ready for Sat
urday's all - important Washington
contest.
Van Alstyne, who received a knee
injury in the Santa Clara game, is
stiil unable to turn on his banged
up limb, while Rye, stellar defen
sive wingman, is confined to the
Rest Home with a blood ailment.
Guard Owen Powell, who didn't
see action in the Bruin game Sat
urday, may or may not play against
Washington. The question is wheth
er or not the stocky guard's knee
responds to treatment this week.
Fortunately, the Indians received
only a few minor injuries from the
hard - hitting Bruins in the Coli
seum Saturday. Co - captain Russ
Pomeroy got a badly bruised calf
and a bruised hand, while tackle
Ted Taylor suffered from a slight
concussion. It is hoped both men
will be ready for the Husky con
test.
Stanford's injury news was any
thing but encouraging last night
when it was learned that ends
Bruce Van Alstyne and Jack Rye
both would not be ready for Sat
urday's all - important Washington
contest.
Van Alstyne, who received a knee
injury in the Santa Clara game, is
stiil unable to turn on his banged
up limb, while Rye, stellar defen
sive wingman, is confined to the
Rest Home with a blood ailment.
Guard Owen Powell, who didn't
see action in the Bruin game Sat
urday, may or may not play against
Washington. The question is wheth
er or not the stocky guard's knee
responds to treatment this week.
Fortunately, the Indians received
only a few minor injuries from the
hard - hitting Bruins in the Coli
seum Saturday. Co - captain Russ
Pomeroy got a badly bruised calf
and a bruised hand, while tackle
Ted Taylor suffered from a slight
concussion. It is hoped both men
will be ready for the Husky con
test.
Stanford's injury news was any
thing but encouraging last night
when it was learned that ends
Bruce Van Alstyne and Jack Rye
both would not be ready for Sat
urday's all - important Washington
contest.
Van Alstyne, who received a knee
injury in the Santa Clara game, is
stiil unable to turn on his banged
up limb, while Rye, stellar defen
sive wingman, is confined to the
Rest Home with a blood ailment.
Guard Owen Powell, who didn't
see action in the Bruin game Sat
urday, may or may not play against
Washington. The question is wheth
er or not the stocky guard's knee
responds to treatment this week.
Fortunately, the Indians received
only a few minor injuries from the
hard - hitting Bruins in the Coli
seum Saturday. Co - captain Russ
Pomeroy got a badly bruised calf
and a bruised hand, while tackle
Ted Taylor suffered from a slight
concussion. It is hoped both men
will be ready for the Husky con
test.
Stanford's injury news was any
thing but encouraging last night
when it was learned that ends
Bruce Van Alstyne and Jack Rye
both would not be ready for Sat
urday's all - important Washington
contest.
Van Alstyne, who received a knee
injury in the Santa Clara game, is
stiil unable to turn on his banged
up limb, while Rye, stellar defen
sive wingman, is confined to the
Rest Home with a blood ailment.
Guard Owen Powell, who didn't
see action in the Bruin game Sat
urday, may or may not play against
Washington. The question is wheth
er or not the stocky guard's knee
responds to treatment this week.
Fortunately, the Indians received
only a few minor injuries from the
hard - hitting Bruins in the Coli
seum Saturday. Co - captain Russ
Pomeroy got a badly bruised calf
and a bruised hand, while tackle
Ted Taylor suffered from a slight
concussion. It is hoped both men
will be ready for the Husky con
test.
Stanford's injury news was any
thing but encouraging last night
when it was learned that ends
Bruce Van Alstyne and Jack Rye
both would not be ready for Sat
urday's all - important Washington
contest.
Van Alstyne, who received a knee
injury in the Santa Clara game, is
stiil unable to turn on his banged
up limb, while Rye, stellar defen
sive wingman, is confined to the
Rest Home with a blood ailment.
Guard Owen Powell, who didn't
see action in the Bruin game Sat
urday, may or may not play against
Washington. The question is wheth
er or not the stocky guard's knee
responds to treatment this week.
Fortunately, the Indians received
only a few minor injuries from the
hard - hitting Bruins in the Coli
seum Saturday. Co - captain Russ
Pomeroy got a badly bruised calf
and a bruised hand, while tackle
Ted Taylor suffered from a slight
concussion. It is hoped both men
will be ready for the Husky con
test.
Stanford's injury news was any
thing but encouraging last night
when it was learned that ends
Bruce Van Alstyne and Jack Rye
both would not be ready for Sat
urday's all - important Washington
contest.
Van Alstyne, who received a knee
injury in the Santa Clara game, is
stiil unable to turn on his banged
up limb, while Rye, stellar defen
sive wingman, is confined to the
Rest Home with a blood ailment.
Guard Owen Powell, who didn't
see action in the Bruin game Sat
urday, may or may not play against
Washington. The question is wheth
er or not the stocky guard's knee
responds to treatment this week.
Fortunately, the Indians received
only a few minor injuries from the
hard - hitting Bruins in the Coli
seum Saturday. Co - captain Russ
Pomeroy got a badly bruised calf
and a bruised hand, while tackle
Ted Taylor suffered from a slight
concussion. It is hoped both men
will be ready for the Husky con
test.
Stanford's injury news was any
thing but encouraging last night
when it was learned that ends
Bruce Van Alstyne and Jack Rye
both would not be ready for Sat
urday's all - important Washington
contest.
Van Alstyne, who received a knee
injury in the Santa Clara game, is
stiil unable to turn on his banged
up limb, while Rye, stellar defen
sive wingman, is confined to the
Rest Home with a blood ailment.
Guard Owen Powell, who didn't
see action in the Bruin game Sat
urday, may or may not play against
Washington. The question is wheth
er or not the stocky guard's knee
responds to treatment this week.
Fortunately, the Indians received
only a few minor injuries from the
hard - hitting Bruins in the Coli
seum Saturday. Co - captain Russ
Pomeroy got a badly bruised calf
and a bruised hand, while tackle
Ted Taylor suffered from a slight
concussion. It is hoped both men
will be ready for the Husky con
test.
Stanford's injury news was any
thing but encouraging last night
when it was learned that ends
Bruce Van Alstyne and Jack Rye
both would not be ready for Sat
urday's all - important Washington
contest.
Van Alstyne, who received a knee
injury in the Santa Clara game, is
stiil unable to turn on his banged
up limb, while Rye, stellar defen
sive wingman, is confined to the
Rest Home with a blood ailment.
Guard Owen Powell, who didn't
see action in the Bruin game Sat
urday, may or may not play against
Washington. The question is wheth
er or not the stocky guard's knee
responds to treatment this week.
Fortunately, the Indians received
only a few minor injuries from the
hard - hitting Bruins in the Coli
seum Saturday. Co - captain Russ
Pomeroy got a badly bruised calf
and a bruised hand, while tackle
Ted Taylor suffered from a slight
concussion. It is hoped both men
will be ready for the Husky con
test.
Stanford's injury news was any
thing but encouraging last night
when it was learned that ends
Bruce Van Alstyne and Jack Rye
both would not be ready for Sat
urday's all - important Washington
contest.
Van Alstyne, who received a knee
injury in the Santa Clara game, is
stiil unable to turn on his banged
up limb, while Rye, stellar defen
sive wingman, is confined to the
Rest Home with a blood ailment.
Guard Owen Powell, who didn't
see action in the Bruin game Sat
urday, may or may not play against
Washington. The question is wheth
er or not the stocky guard's knee
responds to treatment this week.
Fortunately, the Indians received
only a few minor injuries from the
hard - hitting Bruins in the Coli
seum Saturday. Co - captain Russ
Pomeroy got a badly bruised calf
and a bruised hand, while tackle
Ted Taylor suffered from a slight
concussion. It is hoped both men
will be ready for the Husky con
test.
Stanford's injury news was any
thing but encouraging last night
when it was learned that ends
Bruce Van Alstyne and Jack Rye
both would not be ready for Sat
urday's all - important Washington
contest.
Van Alstyne, who received a knee
injury in the Santa Clara game, is
stiil unable to turn on his banged
up limb, while Rye, stellar defen
sive wingman, is confined to the
Rest Home with a blood ailment.
Guard Owen Powell, who didn't
see action in the Bruin game Sat
urday, may or may not play against
Washington. The question is wheth
er or not the stocky guard's knee
responds to treatment this week.
Fortunately, the Indians received
only a few minor injuries from the
hard - hitting Bruins in the Coli
seum Saturday. Co - captain Russ
Pomeroy got a badly bruised calf
and a bruised hand, while tackle
Ted Taylor suffered from a slight
concussion. It is hoped both men
will be ready for the Husky con
test.
Stanford's injury news was any
thing but encouraging last night
when it was learned that ends
Bruce Van Alstyne and Jack Rye
both would not be ready for Sat
urday's all - important Washington
contest.
Van Alstyne, who received a knee
injury in the Santa Clara game, is
stiil unable to turn on his banged
up limb, while Rye, stellar defen
sive wingman, is confined to the
Rest Home with a blood ailment.
Guard Owen Powell, who didn't
see action in the Bruin game Sat
urday, may or may not play against
Washington. The question is wheth
er or not the stocky guard's knee
responds to treatment this week.
Fortunately, the Indians received
only a few minor injuries from the
hard - hitting Bruins in the Coli
seum Saturday. Co - captain Russ
Pomeroy got a badly bruised calf
and a bruised hand, while tackle
Ted Taylor suffered from a slight
concussion. It is hoped both men
will be ready for the Husky con
test.
Stanford's injury news was any
thing but encouraging last night
when it was learned that ends
Bruce Van Alstyne and Jack Rye
both would not be ready for Sat
urday's all - important Washington
contest.
Van Alstyne, who received a knee
injury in the Santa Clara game, is
stiil unable to turn on his banged
up limb, while Rye, stellar defen
sive wingman, is confined to the
Rest Home with a blood ailment.
Guard Owen Powell, who didn't
see action in the Bruin game Sat
urday, may or may not play against
Washington. The question is wheth
er or not the stocky guard's knee
responds to treatment this week.
Fortunately, the Indians received
only a few minor injuries from the
hard - hitting Bruins in the Coli
seum Saturday. Co - captain Russ
Pomeroy got a badly bruised calf
and a bruised hand, while tackle
Ted Taylor suffered from a slight
concussion. It is hoped both men
will be ready for the Husky con
test.
Stanford's injury news was any
thing but encouraging last night
when it was learned that ends
Bruce Van Alstyne and Jack Rye
both would not be ready for Sat
urday's all - important Washington
contest.
Van Alstyne, who received a knee
injury in the Santa Clara game, is
stiil unable to turn on his banged
up limb, while Rye, stellar defen
sive wingman, is confined to the
Rest Home with a blood ailment.
Guard Owen Powell, who didn't
see action in the Bruin game Sat
urday, may or may not play against
Washington. The question is wheth
er or not the stocky guard's knee
responds to treatment this week.
Fortunately, the Indians received
only a few minor injuries from the
hard - hitting Bruins in the Coli
seum Saturday. Co - captain Russ
Pomeroy got a badly bruised calf
and a bruised hand, while tackle
Ted Taylor suffered from a slight
concussion. It is hoped both men
will be ready for the Husky con
test.
