# Size Limits Announced For Daily Pictures
## 
### 
Persons submitting pictures for
use by The Stanford Daily should
secure prints either four or six
inchcs in width, or prints which
can be cropped by The Daily to
these widths.
This limitation is necessary for
use on the Fairchaild engraver
operated by The Daily. The Daily
docs not have the facilities to re
duce pictures. Negatives of any
size are acceptable.
Persons submitting pictures for
use by The Stanford Daily should
secure prints either four or six
inchcs in width, or prints which
can be cropped by The Daily to
these widths.
This limitation is necessary for
use on the Fairchaild engraver
operated by The Daily. The Daily
docs not have the facilities to re
duce pictures. Negatives of any
size are acceptable.
Persons submitting pictures for
use by The Stanford Daily should
secure prints either four or six
inchcs in width, or prints which
can be cropped by The Daily to
these widths.
This limitation is necessary for
use on the Fairchaild engraver
operated by The Daily. The Daily
docs not have the facilities to re
duce pictures. Negatives of any
size are acceptable.
Persons submitting pictures for
use by The Stanford Daily should
secure prints either four or six
inchcs in width, or prints which
can be cropped by The Daily to
these widths.
This limitation is necessary for
use on the Fairchaild engraver
operated by The Daily. The Daily
docs not have the facilities to re
duce pictures. Negatives of any
size are acceptable.
Persons submitting pictures for
use by The Stanford Daily should
secure prints either four or six
inchcs in width, or prints which
can be cropped by The Daily to
these widths.
This limitation is necessary for
use on the Fairchaild engraver
operated by The Daily. The Daily
docs not have the facilities to re
duce pictures. Negatives of any
size are acceptable.
Persons submitting pictures for
use by The Stanford Daily should
secure prints either four or six
inchcs in width, or prints which
can be cropped by The Daily to
these widths.
This limitation is necessary for
use on the Fairchaild engraver
operated by The Daily. The Daily
docs not have the facilities to re
duce pictures. Negatives of any
size are acceptable.
Persons submitting pictures for
use by The Stanford Daily should
secure prints either four or six
inchcs in width, or prints which
can be cropped by The Daily to
these widths.
This limitation is necessary for
use on the Fairchaild engraver
operated by The Daily. The Daily
docs not have the facilities to re
duce pictures. Negatives of any
size are acceptable.
Persons submitting pictures for
use by The Stanford Daily should
secure prints either four or six
inchcs in width, or prints which
can be cropped by The Daily to
these widths.
This limitation is necessary for
use on the Fairchaild engraver
operated by The Daily. The Daily
docs not have the facilities to re
duce pictures. Negatives of any
size are acceptable.
Persons submitting pictures for
use by The Stanford Daily should
secure prints either four or six
inchcs in width, or prints which
can be cropped by The Daily to
these widths.
This limitation is necessary for
use on the Fairchaild engraver
operated by The Daily. The Daily
docs not have the facilities to re
duce pictures. Negatives of any
size are acceptable.
Persons submitting pictures for
use by The Stanford Daily should
secure prints either four or six
inchcs in width, or prints which
can be cropped by The Daily to
these widths.
This limitation is necessary for
use on the Fairchaild engraver
operated by The Daily. The Daily
docs not have the facilities to re
duce pictures. Negatives of any
size are acceptable.
Persons submitting pictures for
use by The Stanford Daily should
secure prints either four or six
inchcs in width, or prints which
can be cropped by The Daily to
these widths.
This limitation is necessary for
use on the Fairchaild engraver
operated by The Daily. The Daily
docs not have the facilities to re
duce pictures. Negatives of any
size are acceptable.
Persons submitting pictures for
use by The Stanford Daily should
secure prints either four or six
inchcs in width, or prints which
can be cropped by The Daily to
these widths.
This limitation is necessary for
use on the Fairchaild engraver
operated by The Daily. The Daily
docs not have the facilities to re
duce pictures. Negatives of any
size are acceptable.
Persons submitting pictures for
use by The Stanford Daily should
secure prints either four or six
inchcs in width, or prints which
can be cropped by The Daily to
these widths.
This limitation is necessary for
use on the Fairchaild engraver
operated by The Daily. The Daily
docs not have the facilities to re
duce pictures. Negatives of any
size are acceptable.
Persons submitting pictures for
use by The Stanford Daily should
secure prints either four or six
inchcs in width, or prints which
can be cropped by The Daily to
these widths.
This limitation is necessary for
use on the Fairchaild engraver
operated by The Daily. The Daily
docs not have the facilities to re
duce pictures. Negatives of any
size are acceptable.
