# Bloch Returns From Holland
## 
### 
Dr. Felix Bloch, Stanford pro
fessor of physics, has returned from
the Netherlands where he attended
the first international conference of
scientists engaged in a new field of
research, spectroscopy at radio fre
quencies.
Dr. Bloch was one of four scien
tists from the United States invited
to read papers at the week - long
conference. His paper dealt with
"Nuclear Induction," the response
of atomic nuclei to radio waves.
Following the meeting Dr. Bloch
traveled to Zurich, Switzerland,
where he visited Dr. Hans Staub,
formerly of the Stanford Physics
Department, now head of the Insti
tute of Physics at the University of
Zurich.
Dr. Staub is building one of the
first atom smashers of its type on
the European continent and is help
ing establish the Institute as a new
center for study of nuclear physics.
Dr. Felix Bloch, Stanford pro
fessor of physics, has returned from
the Netherlands where he attended
the first international conference of
scientists engaged in a new field of
research, spectroscopy at radio fre
quencies.
Dr. Bloch was one of four scien
tists from the United States invited
to read papers at the week - long
conference. His paper dealt with
"Nuclear Induction," the response
of atomic nuclei to radio waves.
Following the meeting Dr. Bloch
traveled to Zurich, Switzerland,
where he visited Dr. Hans Staub,
formerly of the Stanford Physics
Department, now head of the Insti
tute of Physics at the University of
Zurich.
Dr. Staub is building one of the
first atom smashers of its type on
the European continent and is help
ing establish the Institute as a new
center for study of nuclear physics.
Dr. Felix Bloch, Stanford pro
fessor of physics, has returned from
the Netherlands where he attended
the first international conference of
scientists engaged in a new field of
research, spectroscopy at radio fre
quencies.
Dr. Bloch was one of four scien
tists from the United States invited
to read papers at the week - long
conference. His paper dealt with
"Nuclear Induction," the response
of atomic nuclei to radio waves.
Following the meeting Dr. Bloch
traveled to Zurich, Switzerland,
where he visited Dr. Hans Staub,
formerly of the Stanford Physics
Department, now head of the Insti
tute of Physics at the University of
Zurich.
Dr. Staub is building one of the
first atom smashers of its type on
the European continent and is help
ing establish the Institute as a new
center for study of nuclear physics.
Dr. Felix Bloch, Stanford pro
fessor of physics, has returned from
the Netherlands where he attended
the first international conference of
scientists engaged in a new field of
research, spectroscopy at radio fre
quencies.
Dr. Bloch was one of four scien
tists from the United States invited
to read papers at the week - long
conference. His paper dealt with
"Nuclear Induction," the response
of atomic nuclei to radio waves.
Following the meeting Dr. Bloch
traveled to Zurich, Switzerland,
where he visited Dr. Hans Staub,
formerly of the Stanford Physics
Department, now head of the Insti
tute of Physics at the University of
Zurich.
Dr. Staub is building one of the
first atom smashers of its type on
the European continent and is help
ing establish the Institute as a new
center for study of nuclear physics.
Dr. Felix Bloch, Stanford pro
fessor of physics, has returned from
the Netherlands where he attended
the first international conference of
scientists engaged in a new field of
research, spectroscopy at radio fre
quencies.
Dr. Bloch was one of four scien
tists from the United States invited
to read papers at the week - long
conference. His paper dealt with
"Nuclear Induction," the response
of atomic nuclei to radio waves.
Following the meeting Dr. Bloch
traveled to Zurich, Switzerland,
where he visited Dr. Hans Staub,
formerly of the Stanford Physics
Department, now head of the Insti
tute of Physics at the University of
Zurich.
Dr. Staub is building one of the
first atom smashers of its type on
the European continent and is help
ing establish the Institute as a new
center for study of nuclear physics.
Dr. Felix Bloch, Stanford pro
fessor of physics, has returned from
the Netherlands where he attended
the first international conference of
scientists engaged in a new field of
research, spectroscopy at radio fre
quencies.
Dr. Bloch was one of four scien
tists from the United States invited
to read papers at the week - long
conference. His paper dealt with
"Nuclear Induction," the response
of atomic nuclei to radio waves.
Following the meeting Dr. Bloch
traveled to Zurich, Switzerland,
where he visited Dr. Hans Staub,
formerly of the Stanford Physics
Department, now head of the Insti
tute of Physics at the University of
Zurich.
Dr. Staub is building one of the
first atom smashers of its type on
the European continent and is help
ing establish the Institute as a new
center for study of nuclear physics.
Dr. Felix Bloch, Stanford pro
fessor of physics, has returned from
the Netherlands where he attended
the first international conference of
scientists engaged in a new field of
research, spectroscopy at radio fre
quencies.
Dr. Bloch was one of four scien
tists from the United States invited
to read papers at the week - long
conference. His paper dealt with
"Nuclear Induction," the response
of atomic nuclei to radio waves.
Following the meeting Dr. Bloch
traveled to Zurich, Switzerland,
where he visited Dr. Hans Staub,
formerly of the Stanford Physics
Department, now head of the Insti
tute of Physics at the University of
Zurich.
Dr. Staub is building one of the
first atom smashers of its type on
the European continent and is help
ing establish the Institute as a new
center for study of nuclear physics.
Dr. Felix Bloch, Stanford pro
fessor of physics, has returned from
the Netherlands where he attended
the first international conference of
scientists engaged in a new field of
research, spectroscopy at radio fre
quencies.
Dr. Bloch was one of four scien
tists from the United States invited
to read papers at the week - long
conference. His paper dealt with
"Nuclear Induction," the response
of atomic nuclei to radio waves.
Following the meeting Dr. Bloch
traveled to Zurich, Switzerland,
where he visited Dr. Hans Staub,
formerly of the Stanford Physics
Department, now head of the Insti
tute of Physics at the University of
Zurich.
Dr. Staub is building one of the
first atom smashers of its type on
the European continent and is help
ing establish the Institute as a new
center for study of nuclear physics.
Dr. Felix Bloch, Stanford pro
fessor of physics, has returned from
the Netherlands where he attended
the first international conference of
scientists engaged in a new field of
research, spectroscopy at radio fre
quencies.
Dr. Bloch was one of four scien
tists from the United States invited
to read papers at the week - long
conference. His paper dealt with
"Nuclear Induction," the response
of atomic nuclei to radio waves.
Following the meeting Dr. Bloch
traveled to Zurich, Switzerland,
where he visited Dr. Hans Staub,
formerly of the Stanford Physics
Department, now head of the Insti
tute of Physics at the University of
Zurich.
Dr. Staub is building one of the
first atom smashers of its type on
the European continent and is help
ing establish the Institute as a new
center for study of nuclear physics.
Dr. Felix Bloch, Stanford pro
fessor of physics, has returned from
the Netherlands where he attended
the first international conference of
scientists engaged in a new field of
research, spectroscopy at radio fre
quencies.
Dr. Bloch was one of four scien
tists from the United States invited
to read papers at the week - long
conference. His paper dealt with
"Nuclear Induction," the response
of atomic nuclei to radio waves.
Following the meeting Dr. Bloch
traveled to Zurich, Switzerland,
where he visited Dr. Hans Staub,
formerly of the Stanford Physics
Department, now head of the Insti
tute of Physics at the University of
Zurich.
Dr. Staub is building one of the
first atom smashers of its type on
the European continent and is help
ing establish the Institute as a new
center for study of nuclear physics.
Dr. Felix Bloch, Stanford pro
fessor of physics, has returned from
the Netherlands where he attended
the first international conference of
scientists engaged in a new field of
research, spectroscopy at radio fre
quencies.
Dr. Bloch was one of four scien
tists from the United States invited
to read papers at the week - long
conference. His paper dealt with
"Nuclear Induction," the response
of atomic nuclei to radio waves.
Following the meeting Dr. Bloch
traveled to Zurich, Switzerland,
where he visited Dr. Hans Staub,
formerly of the Stanford Physics
Department, now head of the Insti
tute of Physics at the University of
Zurich.
Dr. Staub is building one of the
first atom smashers of its type on
the European continent and is help
ing establish the Institute as a new
center for study of nuclear physics.
Dr. Felix Bloch, Stanford pro
fessor of physics, has returned from
the Netherlands where he attended
the first international conference of
scientists engaged in a new field of
research, spectroscopy at radio fre
quencies.
Dr. Bloch was one of four scien
tists from the United States invited
to read papers at the week - long
conference. His paper dealt with
"Nuclear Induction," the response
of atomic nuclei to radio waves.
Following the meeting Dr. Bloch
traveled to Zurich, Switzerland,
where he visited Dr. Hans Staub,
formerly of the Stanford Physics
Department, now head of the Insti
tute of Physics at the University of
Zurich.
Dr. Staub is building one of the
first atom smashers of its type on
the European continent and is help
ing establish the Institute as a new
center for study of nuclear physics.
Dr. Felix Bloch, Stanford pro
fessor of physics, has returned from
the Netherlands where he attended
the first international conference of
scientists engaged in a new field of
research, spectroscopy at radio fre
quencies.
Dr. Bloch was one of four scien
tists from the United States invited
to read papers at the week - long
conference. His paper dealt with
"Nuclear Induction," the response
of atomic nuclei to radio waves.
Following the meeting Dr. Bloch
traveled to Zurich, Switzerland,
where he visited Dr. Hans Staub,
formerly of the Stanford Physics
Department, now head of the Insti
tute of Physics at the University of
Zurich.
Dr. Staub is building one of the
first atom smashers of its type on
the European continent and is help
ing establish the Institute as a new
center for study of nuclear physics.
Dr. Felix Bloch, Stanford pro
fessor of physics, has returned from
the Netherlands where he attended
the first international conference of
scientists engaged in a new field of
research, spectroscopy at radio fre
quencies.
Dr. Bloch was one of four scien
tists from the United States invited
to read papers at the week - long
conference. His paper dealt with
"Nuclear Induction," the response
of atomic nuclei to radio waves.
Following the meeting Dr. Bloch
traveled to Zurich, Switzerland,
where he visited Dr. Hans Staub,
formerly of the Stanford Physics
Department, now head of the Insti
tute of Physics at the University of
Zurich.
Dr. Staub is building one of the
first atom smashers of its type on
the European continent and is help
ing establish the Institute as a new
center for study of nuclear physics.
