# Intruder Despoils Bees Of Their Honey, Insects Swarm in Angry Protest
## 
### 
Somebody around the campus likes
sweets, not wisely, but too well. Is that
somebody you? If it is, the Entomology
department is hot on your trail, for
you have been so careless as to upset
the beehives in the experimental api
ary and steal the honey.
It is known that the honey burglar
is masculine and works alone, said
knowledge being gained from an ex
haustive study of the tracks about the
scene of the crime.
Whoever has been so unkind as to
despoil the busy bees must know some
thing of the ways of the industrious
little creatures, for he has armed him
self against any attack when invading
their home.
He has a large degree of persistence,
also, for he has broken into the hives
four times. These burglaries occurred
twice during the summer when his
craving for sweets was strongest, and
once during each of the fall and win
ter quarters.
As a result of his thoughtlessness,
the bees have not only been despoiled
of their honey but the hives left in a
bad condition.
Somebody around the campus likes
sweets, not wisely, but too well. Is that
somebody you? If it is, the Entomology
department is hot on your trail, for
you have been so careless as to upset
the beehives in the experimental api
ary and steal the honey.
It is known that the honey burglar
is masculine and works alone, said
knowledge being gained from an ex
haustive study of the tracks about the
scene of the crime.
Whoever has been so unkind as to
despoil the busy bees must know some
thing of the ways of the industrious
little creatures, for he has armed him
self against any attack when invading
their home.
He has a large degree of persistence,
also, for he has broken into the hives
four times. These burglaries occurred
twice during the summer when his
craving for sweets was strongest, and
once during each of the fall and win
ter quarters.
As a result of his thoughtlessness,
the bees have not only been despoiled
of their honey but the hives left in a
bad condition.
Somebody around the campus likes
sweets, not wisely, but too well. Is that
somebody you? If it is, the Entomology
department is hot on your trail, for
you have been so careless as to upset
the beehives in the experimental api
ary and steal the honey.
It is known that the honey burglar
is masculine and works alone, said
knowledge being gained from an ex
haustive study of the tracks about the
scene of the crime.
Whoever has been so unkind as to
despoil the busy bees must know some
thing of the ways of the industrious
little creatures, for he has armed him
self against any attack when invading
their home.
He has a large degree of persistence,
also, for he has broken into the hives
four times. These burglaries occurred
twice during the summer when his
craving for sweets was strongest, and
once during each of the fall and win
ter quarters.
As a result of his thoughtlessness,
the bees have not only been despoiled
of their honey but the hives left in a
bad condition.
Somebody around the campus likes
sweets, not wisely, but too well. Is that
somebody you? If it is, the Entomology
department is hot on your trail, for
you have been so careless as to upset
the beehives in the experimental api
ary and steal the honey.
It is known that the honey burglar
is masculine and works alone, said
knowledge being gained from an ex
haustive study of the tracks about the
scene of the crime.
Whoever has been so unkind as to
despoil the busy bees must know some
thing of the ways of the industrious
little creatures, for he has armed him
self against any attack when invading
their home.
He has a large degree of persistence,
also, for he has broken into the hives
four times. These burglaries occurred
twice during the summer when his
craving for sweets was strongest, and
once during each of the fall and win
ter quarters.
As a result of his thoughtlessness,
the bees have not only been despoiled
of their honey but the hives left in a
bad condition.
Somebody around the campus likes
sweets, not wisely, but too well. Is that
somebody you? If it is, the Entomology
department is hot on your trail, for
you have been so careless as to upset
the beehives in the experimental api
ary and steal the honey.
It is known that the honey burglar
is masculine and works alone, said
knowledge being gained from an ex
haustive study of the tracks about the
scene of the crime.
Whoever has been so unkind as to
despoil the busy bees must know some
thing of the ways of the industrious
little creatures, for he has armed him
self against any attack when invading
their home.
He has a large degree of persistence,
also, for he has broken into the hives
four times. These burglaries occurred
twice during the summer when his
craving for sweets was strongest, and
once during each of the fall and win
ter quarters.
As a result of his thoughtlessness,
the bees have not only been despoiled
of their honey but the hives left in a
bad condition.
Somebody around the campus likes
sweets, not wisely, but too well. Is that
somebody you? If it is, the Entomology
department is hot on your trail, for
you have been so careless as to upset
the beehives in the experimental api
ary and steal the honey.
It is known that the honey burglar
is masculine and works alone, said
knowledge being gained from an ex
haustive study of the tracks about the
scene of the crime.
Whoever has been so unkind as to
despoil the busy bees must know some
thing of the ways of the industrious
little creatures, for he has armed him
self against any attack when invading
their home.
He has a large degree of persistence,
also, for he has broken into the hives
four times. These burglaries occurred
twice during the summer when his
craving for sweets was strongest, and
once during each of the fall and win
ter quarters.
As a result of his thoughtlessness,
the bees have not only been despoiled
of their honey but the hives left in a
bad condition.
Somebody around the campus likes
sweets, not wisely, but too well. Is that
somebody you? If it is, the Entomology
department is hot on your trail, for
you have been so careless as to upset
the beehives in the experimental api
ary and steal the honey.
It is known that the honey burglar
is masculine and works alone, said
knowledge being gained from an ex
haustive study of the tracks about the
scene of the crime.
Whoever has been so unkind as to
despoil the busy bees must know some
thing of the ways of the industrious
little creatures, for he has armed him
self against any attack when invading
their home.
He has a large degree of persistence,
also, for he has broken into the hives
four times. These burglaries occurred
twice during the summer when his
craving for sweets was strongest, and
once during each of the fall and win
ter quarters.
As a result of his thoughtlessness,
the bees have not only been despoiled
of their honey but the hives left in a
bad condition.
Somebody around the campus likes
sweets, not wisely, but too well. Is that
somebody you? If it is, the Entomology
department is hot on your trail, for
you have been so careless as to upset
the beehives in the experimental api
ary and steal the honey.
It is known that the honey burglar
is masculine and works alone, said
knowledge being gained from an ex
haustive study of the tracks about the
scene of the crime.
Whoever has been so unkind as to
despoil the busy bees must know some
thing of the ways of the industrious
little creatures, for he has armed him
self against any attack when invading
their home.
He has a large degree of persistence,
also, for he has broken into the hives
four times. These burglaries occurred
twice during the summer when his
craving for sweets was strongest, and
once during each of the fall and win
ter quarters.
As a result of his thoughtlessness,
the bees have not only been despoiled
of their honey but the hives left in a
bad condition.
Somebody around the campus likes
sweets, not wisely, but too well. Is that
somebody you? If it is, the Entomology
department is hot on your trail, for
you have been so careless as to upset
the beehives in the experimental api
ary and steal the honey.
It is known that the honey burglar
is masculine and works alone, said
knowledge being gained from an ex
haustive study of the tracks about the
scene of the crime.
Whoever has been so unkind as to
despoil the busy bees must know some
thing of the ways of the industrious
little creatures, for he has armed him
self against any attack when invading
their home.
He has a large degree of persistence,
also, for he has broken into the hives
four times. These burglaries occurred
twice during the summer when his
craving for sweets was strongest, and
once during each of the fall and win
ter quarters.
As a result of his thoughtlessness,
the bees have not only been despoiled
of their honey but the hives left in a
bad condition.
Somebody around the campus likes
sweets, not wisely, but too well. Is that
somebody you? If it is, the Entomology
department is hot on your trail, for
you have been so careless as to upset
the beehives in the experimental api
ary and steal the honey.
It is known that the honey burglar
is masculine and works alone, said
knowledge being gained from an ex
haustive study of the tracks about the
scene of the crime.
Whoever has been so unkind as to
despoil the busy bees must know some
thing of the ways of the industrious
little creatures, for he has armed him
self against any attack when invading
their home.
He has a large degree of persistence,
also, for he has broken into the hives
four times. These burglaries occurred
twice during the summer when his
craving for sweets was strongest, and
once during each of the fall and win
ter quarters.
As a result of his thoughtlessness,
the bees have not only been despoiled
of their honey but the hives left in a
bad condition.
Somebody around the campus likes
sweets, not wisely, but too well. Is that
somebody you? If it is, the Entomology
department is hot on your trail, for
you have been so careless as to upset
the beehives in the experimental api
ary and steal the honey.
It is known that the honey burglar
is masculine and works alone, said
knowledge being gained from an ex
haustive study of the tracks about the
scene of the crime.
Whoever has been so unkind as to
despoil the busy bees must know some
thing of the ways of the industrious
little creatures, for he has armed him
self against any attack when invading
their home.
He has a large degree of persistence,
also, for he has broken into the hives
four times. These burglaries occurred
twice during the summer when his
craving for sweets was strongest, and
once during each of the fall and win
ter quarters.
As a result of his thoughtlessness,
the bees have not only been despoiled
of their honey but the hives left in a
bad condition.
Somebody around the campus likes
sweets, not wisely, but too well. Is that
somebody you? If it is, the Entomology
department is hot on your trail, for
you have been so careless as to upset
the beehives in the experimental api
ary and steal the honey.
It is known that the honey burglar
is masculine and works alone, said
knowledge being gained from an ex
haustive study of the tracks about the
scene of the crime.
Whoever has been so unkind as to
despoil the busy bees must know some
thing of the ways of the industrious
little creatures, for he has armed him
self against any attack when invading
their home.
He has a large degree of persistence,
also, for he has broken into the hives
four times. These burglaries occurred
twice during the summer when his
craving for sweets was strongest, and
once during each of the fall and win
ter quarters.
As a result of his thoughtlessness,
the bees have not only been despoiled
of their honey but the hives left in a
bad condition.
Somebody around the campus likes
sweets, not wisely, but too well. Is that
somebody you? If it is, the Entomology
department is hot on your trail, for
you have been so careless as to upset
the beehives in the experimental api
ary and steal the honey.
It is known that the honey burglar
is masculine and works alone, said
knowledge being gained from an ex
haustive study of the tracks about the
scene of the crime.
Whoever has been so unkind as to
despoil the busy bees must know some
thing of the ways of the industrious
little creatures, for he has armed him
self against any attack when invading
their home.
He has a large degree of persistence,
also, for he has broken into the hives
four times. These burglaries occurred
twice during the summer when his
craving for sweets was strongest, and
once during each of the fall and win
ter quarters.
As a result of his thoughtlessness,
the bees have not only been despoiled
of their honey but the hives left in a
bad condition.
Somebody around the campus likes
sweets, not wisely, but too well. Is that
somebody you? If it is, the Entomology
department is hot on your trail, for
you have been so careless as to upset
the beehives in the experimental api
ary and steal the honey.
It is known that the honey burglar
is masculine and works alone, said
knowledge being gained from an ex
haustive study of the tracks about the
scene of the crime.
Whoever has been so unkind as to
despoil the busy bees must know some
thing of the ways of the industrious
little creatures, for he has armed him
self against any attack when invading
their home.
He has a large degree of persistence,
also, for he has broken into the hives
four times. These burglaries occurred
twice during the summer when his
craving for sweets was strongest, and
once during each of the fall and win
ter quarters.
As a result of his thoughtlessness,
the bees have not only been despoiled
of their honey but the hives left in a
bad condition.
Somebody around the campus likes
sweets, not wisely, but too well. Is that
somebody you? If it is, the Entomology
department is hot on your trail, for
you have been so careless as to upset
the beehives in the experimental api
ary and steal the honey.
It is known that the honey burglar
is masculine and works alone, said
knowledge being gained from an ex
haustive study of the tracks about the
scene of the crime.
Whoever has been so unkind as to
despoil the busy bees must know some
thing of the ways of the industrious
little creatures, for he has armed him
self against any attack when invading
their home.
He has a large degree of persistence,
also, for he has broken into the hives
four times. These burglaries occurred
twice during the summer when his
craving for sweets was strongest, and
once during each of the fall and win
ter quarters.
As a result of his thoughtlessness,
the bees have not only been despoiled
of their honey but the hives left in a
bad condition.
