# CARD FENCERS LOSE LOS ANGELES MATCHES
## 
### 
Stanford fencers came out on the
short end of the score in the foil and
duelling matches with the Los Angeles
Athletic Club in Los Angeles during
the spring vacation. The foil matches
went to the clubmen by a 6 to 3 score
and the duelling sword contests went
the same way by a 5 to 3 score with
one match a draw.
De Cazotte made the best showing
for the varsity, winning two matches
with the foils and two with the duel
ling swords, Gardiner won one match
in each event. Bugge, who was the
third man of the team to make the
southern trip, lost several of his
matches by scant margins.
Berles, who had the best record for
the athletic club in the meet, is na
tional intercollegiate fencing cham
pion, and the others on the club team
are men of experience with the foils.
The Stanford team left the campus
Saturday, March 22, and were guests
of the club during their stay in the
South. The matches took place the
following Wednesday, March 26, and
the team returned to the campus on
Friday.
Stanford fencers came out on the
short end of the score in the foil and
duelling matches with the Los Angeles
Athletic Club in Los Angeles during
the spring vacation. The foil matches
went to the clubmen by a 6 to 3 score
and the duelling sword contests went
the same way by a 5 to 3 score with
one match a draw.
De Cazotte made the best showing
for the varsity, winning two matches
with the foils and two with the duel
ling swords, Gardiner won one match
in each event. Bugge, who was the
third man of the team to make the
southern trip, lost several of his
matches by scant margins.
Berles, who had the best record for
the athletic club in the meet, is na
tional intercollegiate fencing cham
pion, and the others on the club team
are men of experience with the foils.
The Stanford team left the campus
Saturday, March 22, and were guests
of the club during their stay in the
South. The matches took place the
following Wednesday, March 26, and
the team returned to the campus on
Friday.
Stanford fencers came out on the
short end of the score in the foil and
duelling matches with the Los Angeles
Athletic Club in Los Angeles during
the spring vacation. The foil matches
went to the clubmen by a 6 to 3 score
and the duelling sword contests went
the same way by a 5 to 3 score with
one match a draw.
De Cazotte made the best showing
for the varsity, winning two matches
with the foils and two with the duel
ling swords, Gardiner won one match
in each event. Bugge, who was the
third man of the team to make the
southern trip, lost several of his
matches by scant margins.
Berles, who had the best record for
the athletic club in the meet, is na
tional intercollegiate fencing cham
pion, and the others on the club team
are men of experience with the foils.
The Stanford team left the campus
Saturday, March 22, and were guests
of the club during their stay in the
South. The matches took place the
following Wednesday, March 26, and
the team returned to the campus on
Friday.
Stanford fencers came out on the
short end of the score in the foil and
duelling matches with the Los Angeles
Athletic Club in Los Angeles during
the spring vacation. The foil matches
went to the clubmen by a 6 to 3 score
and the duelling sword contests went
the same way by a 5 to 3 score with
one match a draw.
De Cazotte made the best showing
for the varsity, winning two matches
with the foils and two with the duel
ling swords, Gardiner won one match
in each event. Bugge, who was the
third man of the team to make the
southern trip, lost several of his
matches by scant margins.
Berles, who had the best record for
the athletic club in the meet, is na
tional intercollegiate fencing cham
pion, and the others on the club team
are men of experience with the foils.
The Stanford team left the campus
Saturday, March 22, and were guests
of the club during their stay in the
South. The matches took place the
following Wednesday, March 26, and
the team returned to the campus on
Friday.
Stanford fencers came out on the
short end of the score in the foil and
duelling matches with the Los Angeles
Athletic Club in Los Angeles during
the spring vacation. The foil matches
went to the clubmen by a 6 to 3 score
and the duelling sword contests went
the same way by a 5 to 3 score with
one match a draw.
De Cazotte made the best showing
for the varsity, winning two matches
with the foils and two with the duel
ling swords, Gardiner won one match
in each event. Bugge, who was the
third man of the team to make the
southern trip, lost several of his
matches by scant margins.
Berles, who had the best record for
the athletic club in the meet, is na
tional intercollegiate fencing cham
pion, and the others on the club team
are men of experience with the foils.
The Stanford team left the campus
Saturday, March 22, and were guests
of the club during their stay in the
South. The matches took place the
following Wednesday, March 26, and
the team returned to the campus on
Friday.
Stanford fencers came out on the
short end of the score in the foil and
duelling matches with the Los Angeles
Athletic Club in Los Angeles during
the spring vacation. The foil matches
went to the clubmen by a 6 to 3 score
and the duelling sword contests went
the same way by a 5 to 3 score with
one match a draw.
De Cazotte made the best showing
for the varsity, winning two matches
with the foils and two with the duel
ling swords, Gardiner won one match
in each event. Bugge, who was the
third man of the team to make the
southern trip, lost several of his
matches by scant margins.
Berles, who had the best record for
the athletic club in the meet, is na
tional intercollegiate fencing cham
pion, and the others on the club team
are men of experience with the foils.
The Stanford team left the campus
Saturday, March 22, and were guests
of the club during their stay in the
South. The matches took place the
following Wednesday, March 26, and
the team returned to the campus on
Friday.
Stanford fencers came out on the
short end of the score in the foil and
duelling matches with the Los Angeles
Athletic Club in Los Angeles during
the spring vacation. The foil matches
went to the clubmen by a 6 to 3 score
and the duelling sword contests went
the same way by a 5 to 3 score with
one match a draw.
De Cazotte made the best showing
for the varsity, winning two matches
with the foils and two with the duel
ling swords, Gardiner won one match
in each event. Bugge, who was the
third man of the team to make the
southern trip, lost several of his
matches by scant margins.
Berles, who had the best record for
the athletic club in the meet, is na
tional intercollegiate fencing cham
pion, and the others on the club team
are men of experience with the foils.
The Stanford team left the campus
Saturday, March 22, and were guests
of the club during their stay in the
South. The matches took place the
following Wednesday, March 26, and
the team returned to the campus on
Friday.
Stanford fencers came out on the
short end of the score in the foil and
duelling matches with the Los Angeles
Athletic Club in Los Angeles during
the spring vacation. The foil matches
went to the clubmen by a 6 to 3 score
and the duelling sword contests went
the same way by a 5 to 3 score with
one match a draw.
De Cazotte made the best showing
for the varsity, winning two matches
with the foils and two with the duel
ling swords, Gardiner won one match
in each event. Bugge, who was the
third man of the team to make the
southern trip, lost several of his
matches by scant margins.
Berles, who had the best record for
the athletic club in the meet, is na
tional intercollegiate fencing cham
pion, and the others on the club team
are men of experience with the foils.
The Stanford team left the campus
Saturday, March 22, and were guests
of the club during their stay in the
South. The matches took place the
following Wednesday, March 26, and
the team returned to the campus on
Friday.
Stanford fencers came out on the
short end of the score in the foil and
duelling matches with the Los Angeles
Athletic Club in Los Angeles during
the spring vacation. The foil matches
went to the clubmen by a 6 to 3 score
and the duelling sword contests went
the same way by a 5 to 3 score with
one match a draw.
De Cazotte made the best showing
for the varsity, winning two matches
with the foils and two with the duel
ling swords, Gardiner won one match
in each event. Bugge, who was the
third man of the team to make the
southern trip, lost several of his
matches by scant margins.
Berles, who had the best record for
the athletic club in the meet, is na
tional intercollegiate fencing cham
pion, and the others on the club team
are men of experience with the foils.
The Stanford team left the campus
Saturday, March 22, and were guests
of the club during their stay in the
South. The matches took place the
following Wednesday, March 26, and
the team returned to the campus on
Friday.
Stanford fencers came out on the
short end of the score in the foil and
duelling matches with the Los Angeles
Athletic Club in Los Angeles during
the spring vacation. The foil matches
went to the clubmen by a 6 to 3 score
and the duelling sword contests went
the same way by a 5 to 3 score with
one match a draw.
De Cazotte made the best showing
for the varsity, winning two matches
with the foils and two with the duel
ling swords, Gardiner won one match
in each event. Bugge, who was the
third man of the team to make the
southern trip, lost several of his
matches by scant margins.
Berles, who had the best record for
the athletic club in the meet, is na
tional intercollegiate fencing cham
pion, and the others on the club team
are men of experience with the foils.
The Stanford team left the campus
Saturday, March 22, and were guests
of the club during their stay in the
South. The matches took place the
following Wednesday, March 26, and
the team returned to the campus on
Friday.
Stanford fencers came out on the
short end of the score in the foil and
duelling matches with the Los Angeles
Athletic Club in Los Angeles during
the spring vacation. The foil matches
went to the clubmen by a 6 to 3 score
and the duelling sword contests went
the same way by a 5 to 3 score with
one match a draw.
De Cazotte made the best showing
for the varsity, winning two matches
with the foils and two with the duel
ling swords, Gardiner won one match
in each event. Bugge, who was the
third man of the team to make the
southern trip, lost several of his
matches by scant margins.
Berles, who had the best record for
the athletic club in the meet, is na
tional intercollegiate fencing cham
pion, and the others on the club team
are men of experience with the foils.
The Stanford team left the campus
Saturday, March 22, and were guests
of the club during their stay in the
South. The matches took place the
following Wednesday, March 26, and
the team returned to the campus on
Friday.
Stanford fencers came out on the
short end of the score in the foil and
duelling matches with the Los Angeles
Athletic Club in Los Angeles during
the spring vacation. The foil matches
went to the clubmen by a 6 to 3 score
and the duelling sword contests went
the same way by a 5 to 3 score with
one match a draw.
De Cazotte made the best showing
for the varsity, winning two matches
with the foils and two with the duel
ling swords, Gardiner won one match
in each event. Bugge, who was the
third man of the team to make the
southern trip, lost several of his
matches by scant margins.
Berles, who had the best record for
the athletic club in the meet, is na
tional intercollegiate fencing cham
pion, and the others on the club team
are men of experience with the foils.
The Stanford team left the campus
Saturday, March 22, and were guests
of the club during their stay in the
South. The matches took place the
following Wednesday, March 26, and
the team returned to the campus on
Friday.
Stanford fencers came out on the
short end of the score in the foil and
duelling matches with the Los Angeles
Athletic Club in Los Angeles during
the spring vacation. The foil matches
went to the clubmen by a 6 to 3 score
and the duelling sword contests went
the same way by a 5 to 3 score with
one match a draw.
De Cazotte made the best showing
for the varsity, winning two matches
with the foils and two with the duel
ling swords, Gardiner won one match
in each event. Bugge, who was the
third man of the team to make the
southern trip, lost several of his
matches by scant margins.
Berles, who had the best record for
the athletic club in the meet, is na
tional intercollegiate fencing cham
pion, and the others on the club team
are men of experience with the foils.
The Stanford team left the campus
Saturday, March 22, and were guests
of the club during their stay in the
South. The matches took place the
following Wednesday, March 26, and
the team returned to the campus on
Friday.
Stanford fencers came out on the
short end of the score in the foil and
duelling matches with the Los Angeles
Athletic Club in Los Angeles during
the spring vacation. The foil matches
went to the clubmen by a 6 to 3 score
and the duelling sword contests went
the same way by a 5 to 3 score with
one match a draw.
De Cazotte made the best showing
for the varsity, winning two matches
with the foils and two with the duel
ling swords, Gardiner won one match
in each event. Bugge, who was the
third man of the team to make the
southern trip, lost several of his
matches by scant margins.
Berles, who had the best record for
the athletic club in the meet, is na
tional intercollegiate fencing cham
pion, and the others on the club team
are men of experience with the foils.
The Stanford team left the campus
Saturday, March 22, and were guests
of the club during their stay in the
South. The matches took place the
following Wednesday, March 26, and
the team returned to the campus on
Friday.
Stanford fencers came out on the
short end of the score in the foil and
duelling matches with the Los Angeles
Athletic Club in Los Angeles during
the spring vacation. The foil matches
went to the clubmen by a 6 to 3 score
and the duelling sword contests went
the same way by a 5 to 3 score with
one match a draw.
De Cazotte made the best showing
for the varsity, winning two matches
with the foils and two with the duel
ling swords, Gardiner won one match
in each event. Bugge, who was the
third man of the team to make the
southern trip, lost several of his
matches by scant margins.
Berles, who had the best record for
the athletic club in the meet, is na
tional intercollegiate fencing cham
pion, and the others on the club team
are men of experience with the foils.
The Stanford team left the campus
Saturday, March 22, and were guests
of the club during their stay in the
South. The matches took place the
following Wednesday, March 26, and
the team returned to the campus on
Friday.
