# Colorado Flood Damages Bridges And Farm Lands
## 
### 
CRAIG, Colo., April 24. (/P)— I The
Yarapa river was on a rampage late
today, tearing out bridges along its
course. Most of the damage was being
done east of the city. Valuable farm
land is in the path of the high water.
A force of 30 men was dispatched to
piotect fortifications erected west of
the city.
CRAIG, Colo., April 24. (/P)— I The
Yarapa river was on a rampage late
today, tearing out bridges along its
course. Most of the damage was being
done east of the city. Valuable farm
land is in the path of the high water.
A force of 30 men was dispatched to
piotect fortifications erected west of
the city.
CRAIG, Colo., April 24. (/P)— I The
Yarapa river was on a rampage late
today, tearing out bridges along its
course. Most of the damage was being
done east of the city. Valuable farm
land is in the path of the high water.
A force of 30 men was dispatched to
piotect fortifications erected west of
the city.
CRAIG, Colo., April 24. (/P)— I The
Yarapa river was on a rampage late
today, tearing out bridges along its
course. Most of the damage was being
done east of the city. Valuable farm
land is in the path of the high water.
A force of 30 men was dispatched to
piotect fortifications erected west of
the city.
CRAIG, Colo., April 24. (/P)— I The
Yarapa river was on a rampage late
today, tearing out bridges along its
course. Most of the damage was being
done east of the city. Valuable farm
land is in the path of the high water.
A force of 30 men was dispatched to
piotect fortifications erected west of
the city.
CRAIG, Colo., April 24. (/P)— I The
Yarapa river was on a rampage late
today, tearing out bridges along its
course. Most of the damage was being
done east of the city. Valuable farm
land is in the path of the high water.
A force of 30 men was dispatched to
piotect fortifications erected west of
the city.
CRAIG, Colo., April 24. (/P)— I The
Yarapa river was on a rampage late
today, tearing out bridges along its
course. Most of the damage was being
done east of the city. Valuable farm
land is in the path of the high water.
A force of 30 men was dispatched to
piotect fortifications erected west of
the city.
CRAIG, Colo., April 24. (/P)— I The
Yarapa river was on a rampage late
today, tearing out bridges along its
course. Most of the damage was being
done east of the city. Valuable farm
land is in the path of the high water.
A force of 30 men was dispatched to
piotect fortifications erected west of
the city.
CRAIG, Colo., April 24. (/P)— I The
Yarapa river was on a rampage late
today, tearing out bridges along its
course. Most of the damage was being
done east of the city. Valuable farm
land is in the path of the high water.
A force of 30 men was dispatched to
piotect fortifications erected west of
the city.
CRAIG, Colo., April 24. (/P)— I The
Yarapa river was on a rampage late
today, tearing out bridges along its
course. Most of the damage was being
done east of the city. Valuable farm
land is in the path of the high water.
A force of 30 men was dispatched to
piotect fortifications erected west of
the city.
CRAIG, Colo., April 24. (/P)— I The
Yarapa river was on a rampage late
today, tearing out bridges along its
course. Most of the damage was being
done east of the city. Valuable farm
land is in the path of the high water.
A force of 30 men was dispatched to
piotect fortifications erected west of
the city.
CRAIG, Colo., April 24. (/P)— I The
Yarapa river was on a rampage late
today, tearing out bridges along its
course. Most of the damage was being
done east of the city. Valuable farm
land is in the path of the high water.
A force of 30 men was dispatched to
piotect fortifications erected west of
the city.
CRAIG, Colo., April 24. (/P)— I The
Yarapa river was on a rampage late
today, tearing out bridges along its
course. Most of the damage was being
done east of the city. Valuable farm
land is in the path of the high water.
A force of 30 men was dispatched to
piotect fortifications erected west of
the city.
CRAIG, Colo., April 24. (/P)— I The
Yarapa river was on a rampage late
today, tearing out bridges along its
course. Most of the damage was being
done east of the city. Valuable farm
land is in the path of the high water.
A force of 30 men was dispatched to
piotect fortifications erected west of
the city.
CRAIG, Colo., April 24. (/P)— I The
Yarapa river was on a rampage late
today, tearing out bridges along its
course. Most of the damage was being
done east of the city. Valuable farm
land is in the path of the high water.
A force of 30 men was dispatched to
piotect fortifications erected west of
the city.
CRAIG, Colo., April 24. (/P)— I The
Yarapa river was on a rampage late
today, tearing out bridges along its
course. Most of the damage was being
done east of the city. Valuable farm
land is in the path of the high water.
A force of 30 men was dispatched to
piotect fortifications erected west of
the city.
