# ANNOUNCEMENTS
## 
### 
THURSDAY
19 noon —lota Sigma Pi in Room 56,
Chemistry Building.
4: IS p.Qi. —Lecture on "Nationai-mind
edness and International-minded
ness," by Professor George Herbert
Mead, of the University of Chicago;
in the Little Theatre. Open to the
public.
4:15 p.m.—Organ recital by Mr. War
ren I). Allen in Memorial Church.
4:45 p.m.—Vesper service, in the Me
morial Church. Speaker, Rev. Sidney
Snow. Baritone soloist, Major F. H.
Forbes.
7:30 —Meeting of the choir in the Me
morial Church.
FRIDAY
12 noon — Stanford fellowship board
meeting at luncheon in the Union.
7:30 p.m.—Assembly Hall ushers will
report for the Glee Club Concert.
8:15 p.m.—Stanford Glee Club Annual
Home Concert, in the Assembly
Hall. For benefit of Theatre Fund.
MISCELLANEOUS
Registrar's Office announces that all
applications for Bachelor of Arts
degrees in June must be In by Tues
day, May 7.
Seniors who have not paid their class
dues should mail at once checks for
$2.00, payable to the Class of 1929,
to Steve Halsted, class treasurer,
Box 82, Campus.
