# S.P. SUIT TESTIMONY
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, April 24. (/P) —
Testimony in the Western Pacific j
Railroad's suit to prevent construc
tion of a spur track across its right
of-way in San Mateo county by the
South enrPaciflc Company, will be j
started tomorrow.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 24. (/P) —
Testimony in the Western Pacific j
Railroad's suit to prevent construc
tion of a spur track across its right
of-way in San Mateo county by the
South enrPaciflc Company, will be j
started tomorrow.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 24. (/P) —
Testimony in the Western Pacific j
Railroad's suit to prevent construc
tion of a spur track across its right
of-way in San Mateo county by the
South enrPaciflc Company, will be j
started tomorrow.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 24. (/P) —
Testimony in the Western Pacific j
Railroad's suit to prevent construc
tion of a spur track across its right
of-way in San Mateo county by the
South enrPaciflc Company, will be j
started tomorrow.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 24. (/P) —
Testimony in the Western Pacific j
Railroad's suit to prevent construc
tion of a spur track across its right
of-way in San Mateo county by the
South enrPaciflc Company, will be j
started tomorrow.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 24. (/P) —
Testimony in the Western Pacific j
Railroad's suit to prevent construc
tion of a spur track across its right
of-way in San Mateo county by the
South enrPaciflc Company, will be j
started tomorrow.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 24. (/P) —
Testimony in the Western Pacific j
Railroad's suit to prevent construc
tion of a spur track across its right
of-way in San Mateo county by the
South enrPaciflc Company, will be j
started tomorrow.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 24. (/P) —
Testimony in the Western Pacific j
Railroad's suit to prevent construc
tion of a spur track across its right
of-way in San Mateo county by the
South enrPaciflc Company, will be j
started tomorrow.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 24. (/P) —
Testimony in the Western Pacific j
Railroad's suit to prevent construc
tion of a spur track across its right
of-way in San Mateo county by the
South enrPaciflc Company, will be j
started tomorrow.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 24. (/P) —
Testimony in the Western Pacific j
Railroad's suit to prevent construc
tion of a spur track across its right
of-way in San Mateo county by the
South enrPaciflc Company, will be j
started tomorrow.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 24. (/P) —
Testimony in the Western Pacific j
Railroad's suit to prevent construc
tion of a spur track across its right
of-way in San Mateo county by the
South enrPaciflc Company, will be j
started tomorrow.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 24. (/P) —
Testimony in the Western Pacific j
Railroad's suit to prevent construc
tion of a spur track across its right
of-way in San Mateo county by the
South enrPaciflc Company, will be j
started tomorrow.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 24. (/P) —
Testimony in the Western Pacific j
Railroad's suit to prevent construc
tion of a spur track across its right
of-way in San Mateo county by the
South enrPaciflc Company, will be j
started tomorrow.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 24. (/P) —
Testimony in the Western Pacific j
Railroad's suit to prevent construc
tion of a spur track across its right
of-way in San Mateo county by the
South enrPaciflc Company, will be j
started tomorrow.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 24. (/P) —
Testimony in the Western Pacific j
Railroad's suit to prevent construc
tion of a spur track across its right
of-way in San Mateo county by the
South enrPaciflc Company, will be j
started tomorrow.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 24. (/P) —
Testimony in the Western Pacific j
Railroad's suit to prevent construc
tion of a spur track across its right
of-way in San Mateo county by the
South enrPaciflc Company, will be j
started tomorrow.
