# "WHOOPEE" NUMBERS FURNISH NOVELTY IN GLEE CLUB CONCERT
## 
### 
Several humorous numbers and nov
elties will furnish added interest at
the Men's Glee Club 1929 annual
Home Concert and Theatre Fund
Benefit, which is to be given tomor
row night at 8:15 in the Assembly
Hall.
The Glee Club quartet, composed of
Ralph Wallace, Adelbert Culling, Jack
Carrington, and Rusael Waite, will
present the majority of the frivolous
selections. The novelty group, which
will he offered by the quartet, con
sists of practically all the same num
bers used at every appearance during
the successful spring tour of the
South, These humorous songs were
very well received by every audience.
In offering the "whoopee" selections,
the glee club is slightly deviating
from its policy of presenting only
straight concert numbers, which has
been adhered to in the past. The
change, according to Director C. Al
bert Kulmann, is made in an effort
to provide a greater variety of enter
tainment for campus music lovers.
Manager Earl Reed announced yes
terday that a number of tickets still
re main to be sold. Tickets may be ob
tained at the A.S.S.U. offices in the
Old Union and by all members of the
Glee Club.
Several humorous numbers and nov
elties will furnish added interest at
the Men's Glee Club 1929 annual
Home Concert and Theatre Fund
Benefit, which is to be given tomor
row night at 8:15 in the Assembly
Hall.
The Glee Club quartet, composed of
Ralph Wallace, Adelbert Culling, Jack
Carrington, and Rusael Waite, will
present the majority of the frivolous
selections. The novelty group, which
will he offered by the quartet, con
sists of practically all the same num
bers used at every appearance during
the successful spring tour of the
South, These humorous songs were
very well received by every audience.
In offering the "whoopee" selections,
the glee club is slightly deviating
from its policy of presenting only
straight concert numbers, which has
been adhered to in the past. The
change, according to Director C. Al
bert Kulmann, is made in an effort
to provide a greater variety of enter
tainment for campus music lovers.
Manager Earl Reed announced yes
terday that a number of tickets still
re main to be sold. Tickets may be ob
tained at the A.S.S.U. offices in the
Old Union and by all members of the
Glee Club.
Several humorous numbers and nov
elties will furnish added interest at
the Men's Glee Club 1929 annual
Home Concert and Theatre Fund
Benefit, which is to be given tomor
row night at 8:15 in the Assembly
Hall.
The Glee Club quartet, composed of
Ralph Wallace, Adelbert Culling, Jack
Carrington, and Rusael Waite, will
present the majority of the frivolous
selections. The novelty group, which
will he offered by the quartet, con
sists of practically all the same num
bers used at every appearance during
the successful spring tour of the
South, These humorous songs were
very well received by every audience.
In offering the "whoopee" selections,
the glee club is slightly deviating
from its policy of presenting only
straight concert numbers, which has
been adhered to in the past. The
change, according to Director C. Al
bert Kulmann, is made in an effort
to provide a greater variety of enter
tainment for campus music lovers.
Manager Earl Reed announced yes
terday that a number of tickets still
re main to be sold. Tickets may be ob
tained at the A.S.S.U. offices in the
Old Union and by all members of the
Glee Club.
Several humorous numbers and nov
elties will furnish added interest at
the Men's Glee Club 1929 annual
Home Concert and Theatre Fund
Benefit, which is to be given tomor
row night at 8:15 in the Assembly
Hall.
The Glee Club quartet, composed of
Ralph Wallace, Adelbert Culling, Jack
Carrington, and Rusael Waite, will
present the majority of the frivolous
selections. The novelty group, which
will he offered by the quartet, con
sists of practically all the same num
bers used at every appearance during
the successful spring tour of the
South, These humorous songs were
very well received by every audience.
In offering the "whoopee" selections,
the glee club is slightly deviating
from its policy of presenting only
straight concert numbers, which has
been adhered to in the past. The
change, according to Director C. Al
bert Kulmann, is made in an effort
to provide a greater variety of enter
tainment for campus music lovers.
Manager Earl Reed announced yes
terday that a number of tickets still
re main to be sold. Tickets may be ob
tained at the A.S.S.U. offices in the
Old Union and by all members of the
Glee Club.
Several humorous numbers and nov
elties will furnish added interest at
the Men's Glee Club 1929 annual
Home Concert and Theatre Fund
Benefit, which is to be given tomor
row night at 8:15 in the Assembly
Hall.
The Glee Club quartet, composed of
Ralph Wallace, Adelbert Culling, Jack
Carrington, and Rusael Waite, will
present the majority of the frivolous
selections. The novelty group, which
will he offered by the quartet, con
sists of practically all the same num
bers used at every appearance during
the successful spring tour of the
South, These humorous songs were
very well received by every audience.
In offering the "whoopee" selections,
the glee club is slightly deviating
from its policy of presenting only
straight concert numbers, which has
been adhered to in the past. The
change, according to Director C. Al
bert Kulmann, is made in an effort
to provide a greater variety of enter
tainment for campus music lovers.
Manager Earl Reed announced yes
terday that a number of tickets still
re main to be sold. Tickets may be ob
tained at the A.S.S.U. offices in the
Old Union and by all members of the
Glee Club.
Several humorous numbers and nov
elties will furnish added interest at
the Men's Glee Club 1929 annual
Home Concert and Theatre Fund
Benefit, which is to be given tomor
row night at 8:15 in the Assembly
Hall.
The Glee Club quartet, composed of
Ralph Wallace, Adelbert Culling, Jack
Carrington, and Rusael Waite, will
present the majority of the frivolous
selections. The novelty group, which
will he offered by the quartet, con
sists of practically all the same num
bers used at every appearance during
the successful spring tour of the
South, These humorous songs were
very well received by every audience.
In offering the "whoopee" selections,
the glee club is slightly deviating
from its policy of presenting only
straight concert numbers, which has
been adhered to in the past. The
change, according to Director C. Al
bert Kulmann, is made in an effort
to provide a greater variety of enter
tainment for campus music lovers.
Manager Earl Reed announced yes
terday that a number of tickets still
re main to be sold. Tickets may be ob
tained at the A.S.S.U. offices in the
Old Union and by all members of the
Glee Club.
Several humorous numbers and nov
elties will furnish added interest at
the Men's Glee Club 1929 annual
Home Concert and Theatre Fund
Benefit, which is to be given tomor
row night at 8:15 in the Assembly
Hall.
The Glee Club quartet, composed of
Ralph Wallace, Adelbert Culling, Jack
Carrington, and Rusael Waite, will
present the majority of the frivolous
selections. The novelty group, which
will he offered by the quartet, con
sists of practically all the same num
bers used at every appearance during
the successful spring tour of the
South, These humorous songs were
very well received by every audience.
In offering the "whoopee" selections,
the glee club is slightly deviating
from its policy of presenting only
straight concert numbers, which has
been adhered to in the past. The
change, according to Director C. Al
bert Kulmann, is made in an effort
to provide a greater variety of enter
tainment for campus music lovers.
Manager Earl Reed announced yes
terday that a number of tickets still
re main to be sold. Tickets may be ob
tained at the A.S.S.U. offices in the
Old Union and by all members of the
Glee Club.
Several humorous numbers and nov
elties will furnish added interest at
the Men's Glee Club 1929 annual
Home Concert and Theatre Fund
Benefit, which is to be given tomor
row night at 8:15 in the Assembly
Hall.
The Glee Club quartet, composed of
Ralph Wallace, Adelbert Culling, Jack
Carrington, and Rusael Waite, will
present the majority of the frivolous
selections. The novelty group, which
will he offered by the quartet, con
sists of practically all the same num
bers used at every appearance during
the successful spring tour of the
South, These humorous songs were
very well received by every audience.
In offering the "whoopee" selections,
the glee club is slightly deviating
from its policy of presenting only
straight concert numbers, which has
been adhered to in the past. The
change, according to Director C. Al
bert Kulmann, is made in an effort
to provide a greater variety of enter
tainment for campus music lovers.
Manager Earl Reed announced yes
terday that a number of tickets still
re main to be sold. Tickets may be ob
tained at the A.S.S.U. offices in the
Old Union and by all members of the
Glee Club.
Several humorous numbers and nov
elties will furnish added interest at
the Men's Glee Club 1929 annual
Home Concert and Theatre Fund
Benefit, which is to be given tomor
row night at 8:15 in the Assembly
Hall.
The Glee Club quartet, composed of
Ralph Wallace, Adelbert Culling, Jack
Carrington, and Rusael Waite, will
present the majority of the frivolous
selections. The novelty group, which
will he offered by the quartet, con
sists of practically all the same num
bers used at every appearance during
the successful spring tour of the
South, These humorous songs were
very well received by every audience.
In offering the "whoopee" selections,
the glee club is slightly deviating
from its policy of presenting only
straight concert numbers, which has
been adhered to in the past. The
change, according to Director C. Al
bert Kulmann, is made in an effort
to provide a greater variety of enter
tainment for campus music lovers.
Manager Earl Reed announced yes
terday that a number of tickets still
re main to be sold. Tickets may be ob
tained at the A.S.S.U. offices in the
Old Union and by all members of the
Glee Club.
Several humorous numbers and nov
elties will furnish added interest at
the Men's Glee Club 1929 annual
Home Concert and Theatre Fund
Benefit, which is to be given tomor
row night at 8:15 in the Assembly
Hall.
The Glee Club quartet, composed of
Ralph Wallace, Adelbert Culling, Jack
Carrington, and Rusael Waite, will
present the majority of the frivolous
selections. The novelty group, which
will he offered by the quartet, con
sists of practically all the same num
bers used at every appearance during
the successful spring tour of the
South, These humorous songs were
very well received by every audience.
In offering the "whoopee" selections,
the glee club is slightly deviating
from its policy of presenting only
straight concert numbers, which has
been adhered to in the past. The
change, according to Director C. Al
bert Kulmann, is made in an effort
to provide a greater variety of enter
tainment for campus music lovers.
Manager Earl Reed announced yes
terday that a number of tickets still
re main to be sold. Tickets may be ob
tained at the A.S.S.U. offices in the
Old Union and by all members of the
Glee Club.
Several humorous numbers and nov
elties will furnish added interest at
the Men's Glee Club 1929 annual
Home Concert and Theatre Fund
Benefit, which is to be given tomor
row night at 8:15 in the Assembly
Hall.
The Glee Club quartet, composed of
Ralph Wallace, Adelbert Culling, Jack
Carrington, and Rusael Waite, will
present the majority of the frivolous
selections. The novelty group, which
will he offered by the quartet, con
sists of practically all the same num
bers used at every appearance during
the successful spring tour of the
South, These humorous songs were
very well received by every audience.
In offering the "whoopee" selections,
the glee club is slightly deviating
from its policy of presenting only
straight concert numbers, which has
been adhered to in the past. The
change, according to Director C. Al
bert Kulmann, is made in an effort
to provide a greater variety of enter
tainment for campus music lovers.
Manager Earl Reed announced yes
terday that a number of tickets still
re main to be sold. Tickets may be ob
tained at the A.S.S.U. offices in the
Old Union and by all members of the
Glee Club.
Several humorous numbers and nov
elties will furnish added interest at
the Men's Glee Club 1929 annual
Home Concert and Theatre Fund
Benefit, which is to be given tomor
row night at 8:15 in the Assembly
Hall.
The Glee Club quartet, composed of
Ralph Wallace, Adelbert Culling, Jack
Carrington, and Rusael Waite, will
present the majority of the frivolous
selections. The novelty group, which
will he offered by the quartet, con
sists of practically all the same num
bers used at every appearance during
the successful spring tour of the
South, These humorous songs were
very well received by every audience.
In offering the "whoopee" selections,
the glee club is slightly deviating
from its policy of presenting only
straight concert numbers, which has
been adhered to in the past. The
change, according to Director C. Al
bert Kulmann, is made in an effort
to provide a greater variety of enter
tainment for campus music lovers.
Manager Earl Reed announced yes
terday that a number of tickets still
re main to be sold. Tickets may be ob
tained at the A.S.S.U. offices in the
Old Union and by all members of the
Glee Club.
Several humorous numbers and nov
elties will furnish added interest at
the Men's Glee Club 1929 annual
Home Concert and Theatre Fund
Benefit, which is to be given tomor
row night at 8:15 in the Assembly
Hall.
The Glee Club quartet, composed of
Ralph Wallace, Adelbert Culling, Jack
Carrington, and Rusael Waite, will
present the majority of the frivolous
selections. The novelty group, which
will he offered by the quartet, con
sists of practically all the same num
bers used at every appearance during
the successful spring tour of the
South, These humorous songs were
very well received by every audience.
In offering the "whoopee" selections,
the glee club is slightly deviating
from its policy of presenting only
straight concert numbers, which has
been adhered to in the past. The
change, according to Director C. Al
bert Kulmann, is made in an effort
to provide a greater variety of enter
tainment for campus music lovers.
Manager Earl Reed announced yes
terday that a number of tickets still
re main to be sold. Tickets may be ob
tained at the A.S.S.U. offices in the
Old Union and by all members of the
Glee Club.
Several humorous numbers and nov
elties will furnish added interest at
the Men's Glee Club 1929 annual
Home Concert and Theatre Fund
Benefit, which is to be given tomor
row night at 8:15 in the Assembly
Hall.
The Glee Club quartet, composed of
Ralph Wallace, Adelbert Culling, Jack
Carrington, and Rusael Waite, will
present the majority of the frivolous
selections. The novelty group, which
will he offered by the quartet, con
sists of practically all the same num
bers used at every appearance during
the successful spring tour of the
South, These humorous songs were
very well received by every audience.
In offering the "whoopee" selections,
the glee club is slightly deviating
from its policy of presenting only
straight concert numbers, which has
been adhered to in the past. The
change, according to Director C. Al
bert Kulmann, is made in an effort
to provide a greater variety of enter
tainment for campus music lovers.
Manager Earl Reed announced yes
terday that a number of tickets still
re main to be sold. Tickets may be ob
tained at the A.S.S.U. offices in the
Old Union and by all members of the
Glee Club.
Several humorous numbers and nov
elties will furnish added interest at
the Men's Glee Club 1929 annual
Home Concert and Theatre Fund
Benefit, which is to be given tomor
row night at 8:15 in the Assembly
Hall.
The Glee Club quartet, composed of
Ralph Wallace, Adelbert Culling, Jack
Carrington, and Rusael Waite, will
present the majority of the frivolous
selections. The novelty group, which
will he offered by the quartet, con
sists of practically all the same num
bers used at every appearance during
the successful spring tour of the
South, These humorous songs were
very well received by every audience.
In offering the "whoopee" selections,
the glee club is slightly deviating
from its policy of presenting only
straight concert numbers, which has
been adhered to in the past. The
change, according to Director C. Al
bert Kulmann, is made in an effort
to provide a greater variety of enter
tainment for campus music lovers.
Manager Earl Reed announced yes
terday that a number of tickets still
re main to be sold. Tickets may be ob
tained at the A.S.S.U. offices in the
Old Union and by all members of the
Glee Club.
Several humorous numbers and nov
elties will furnish added interest at
the Men's Glee Club 1929 annual
Home Concert and Theatre Fund
Benefit, which is to be given tomor
row night at 8:15 in the Assembly
Hall.
The Glee Club quartet, composed of
Ralph Wallace, Adelbert Culling, Jack
Carrington, and Rusael Waite, will
present the majority of the frivolous
selections. The novelty group, which
will he offered by the quartet, con
sists of practically all the same num
bers used at every appearance during
the successful spring tour of the
South, These humorous songs were
very well received by every audience.
In offering the "whoopee" selections,
the glee club is slightly deviating
from its policy of presenting only
straight concert numbers, which has
been adhered to in the past. The
change, according to Director C. Al
bert Kulmann, is made in an effort
to provide a greater variety of enter
tainment for campus music lovers.
Manager Earl Reed announced yes
terday that a number of tickets still
re main to be sold. Tickets may be ob
tained at the A.S.S.U. offices in the
Old Union and by all members of the
Glee Club.
