# French Club Elects Officers.
## 
### 
Miss Helen White, '11, was elected
president, and Miss Lila Hawkins, '13,
secretary-treasurer, of the French
club for the second semester yester
day at a meeting in the French depart
ment. The first meeting of the club
for the second semester has ben set
for March 2, at the Delta Delta Delta
house.
Miss Helen White, '11, was elected
president, and Miss Lila Hawkins, '13,
secretary-treasurer, of the French
club for the second semester yester
day at a meeting in the French depart
ment. The first meeting of the club
for the second semester has ben set
for March 2, at the Delta Delta Delta
house.
Miss Helen White, '11, was elected
president, and Miss Lila Hawkins, '13,
secretary-treasurer, of the French
club for the second semester yester
day at a meeting in the French depart
ment. The first meeting of the club
for the second semester has ben set
for March 2, at the Delta Delta Delta
house.
Miss Helen White, '11, was elected
president, and Miss Lila Hawkins, '13,
secretary-treasurer, of the French
club for the second semester yester
day at a meeting in the French depart
ment. The first meeting of the club
for the second semester has ben set
for March 2, at the Delta Delta Delta
house.
Miss Helen White, '11, was elected
president, and Miss Lila Hawkins, '13,
secretary-treasurer, of the French
club for the second semester yester
day at a meeting in the French depart
ment. The first meeting of the club
for the second semester has ben set
for March 2, at the Delta Delta Delta
house.
Miss Helen White, '11, was elected
president, and Miss Lila Hawkins, '13,
secretary-treasurer, of the French
club for the second semester yester
day at a meeting in the French depart
ment. The first meeting of the club
for the second semester has ben set
for March 2, at the Delta Delta Delta
house.
Miss Helen White, '11, was elected
president, and Miss Lila Hawkins, '13,
secretary-treasurer, of the French
club for the second semester yester
day at a meeting in the French depart
ment. The first meeting of the club
for the second semester has ben set
for March 2, at the Delta Delta Delta
house.
Miss Helen White, '11, was elected
president, and Miss Lila Hawkins, '13,
secretary-treasurer, of the French
club for the second semester yester
day at a meeting in the French depart
ment. The first meeting of the club
for the second semester has ben set
for March 2, at the Delta Delta Delta
house.
Miss Helen White, '11, was elected
president, and Miss Lila Hawkins, '13,
secretary-treasurer, of the French
club for the second semester yester
day at a meeting in the French depart
ment. The first meeting of the club
for the second semester has ben set
for March 2, at the Delta Delta Delta
house.
Miss Helen White, '11, was elected
president, and Miss Lila Hawkins, '13,
secretary-treasurer, of the French
club for the second semester yester
day at a meeting in the French depart
ment. The first meeting of the club
for the second semester has ben set
for March 2, at the Delta Delta Delta
house.
Miss Helen White, '11, was elected
president, and Miss Lila Hawkins, '13,
secretary-treasurer, of the French
club for the second semester yester
day at a meeting in the French depart
ment. The first meeting of the club
for the second semester has ben set
for March 2, at the Delta Delta Delta
house.
Miss Helen White, '11, was elected
president, and Miss Lila Hawkins, '13,
secretary-treasurer, of the French
club for the second semester yester
day at a meeting in the French depart
ment. The first meeting of the club
for the second semester has ben set
for March 2, at the Delta Delta Delta
house.
