# Adv. 18 Page 4
## 
### 
Ask a HUP
Owner
THE
MOBILE
bears a good name today,
because it has deserved
it through 14 years of
good Hupmobiles,
A safe car to buy.
See the new models;
ride in one today.
PHONE 1494
IRLIN 8. HACKETT
526 Bryant St.
j
Ask Your
Mechanic
Ask a HUP
Owner
THE
MOBILE
bears a good name today,
because it has deserved
it through 14 years of
good Hupmobiles,
A safe car to buy.
See the new models;
ride in one today.
PHONE 1494
IRLIN 8. HACKETT
526 Bryant St.
j
Ask Your
Mechanic
Ask a HUP
Owner
THE
MOBILE
bears a good name today,
because it has deserved
it through 14 years of
good Hupmobiles,
A safe car to buy.
See the new models;
ride in one today.
PHONE 1494
IRLIN 8. HACKETT
526 Bryant St.
j
Ask Your
Mechanic
Ask a HUP
Owner
THE
MOBILE
bears a good name today,
because it has deserved
it through 14 years of
good Hupmobiles,
A safe car to buy.
See the new models;
ride in one today.
PHONE 1494
IRLIN 8. HACKETT
526 Bryant St.
j
Ask Your
Mechanic
Ask a HUP
Owner
THE
MOBILE
bears a good name today,
because it has deserved
it through 14 years of
good Hupmobiles,
A safe car to buy.
See the new models;
ride in one today.
PHONE 1494
IRLIN 8. HACKETT
526 Bryant St.
j
Ask Your
Mechanic
Ask a HUP
Owner
THE
MOBILE
bears a good name today,
because it has deserved
it through 14 years of
good Hupmobiles,
A safe car to buy.
See the new models;
ride in one today.
PHONE 1494
IRLIN 8. HACKETT
526 Bryant St.
j
Ask Your
Mechanic
Ask a HUP
Owner
THE
MOBILE
bears a good name today,
because it has deserved
it through 14 years of
good Hupmobiles,
A safe car to buy.
See the new models;
ride in one today.
PHONE 1494
IRLIN 8. HACKETT
526 Bryant St.
j
Ask Your
Mechanic
Ask a HUP
Owner
THE
MOBILE
bears a good name today,
because it has deserved
it through 14 years of
good Hupmobiles,
A safe car to buy.
See the new models;
ride in one today.
PHONE 1494
IRLIN 8. HACKETT
526 Bryant St.
j
Ask Your
Mechanic
Ask a HUP
Owner
THE
MOBILE
bears a good name today,
because it has deserved
it through 14 years of
good Hupmobiles,
A safe car to buy.
See the new models;
ride in one today.
PHONE 1494
IRLIN 8. HACKETT
526 Bryant St.
j
Ask Your
Mechanic
Ask a HUP
Owner
THE
MOBILE
bears a good name today,
because it has deserved
it through 14 years of
good Hupmobiles,
A safe car to buy.
See the new models;
ride in one today.
PHONE 1494
IRLIN 8. HACKETT
526 Bryant St.
j
Ask Your
Mechanic
Ask a HUP
Owner
THE
MOBILE
bears a good name today,
because it has deserved
it through 14 years of
good Hupmobiles,
A safe car to buy.
See the new models;
ride in one today.
PHONE 1494
IRLIN 8. HACKETT
526 Bryant St.
j
Ask Your
Mechanic
Ask a HUP
Owner
THE
MOBILE
bears a good name today,
because it has deserved
it through 14 years of
good Hupmobiles,
A safe car to buy.
See the new models;
ride in one today.
PHONE 1494
IRLIN 8. HACKETT
526 Bryant St.
j
Ask Your
Mechanic
Ask a HUP
Owner
THE
MOBILE
bears a good name today,
because it has deserved
it through 14 years of
good Hupmobiles,
A safe car to buy.
See the new models;
ride in one today.
PHONE 1494
IRLIN 8. HACKETT
526 Bryant St.
j
Ask Your
Mechanic
Ask a HUP
Owner
THE
MOBILE
bears a good name today,
because it has deserved
it through 14 years of
good Hupmobiles,
A safe car to buy.
See the new models;
ride in one today.
PHONE 1494
IRLIN 8. HACKETT
526 Bryant St.
j
Ask Your
Mechanic
Ask a HUP
Owner
THE
MOBILE
bears a good name today,
because it has deserved
it through 14 years of
good Hupmobiles,
A safe car to buy.
See the new models;
ride in one today.
PHONE 1494
IRLIN 8. HACKETT
526 Bryant St.
j
Ask Your
Mechanic
