# WALTHERS AWARDED SOCCER MEDAL FOR INDIVIDUAL EFFORT
## 
### 
T. R. Walthers, '23, has been
chosen by Coach Harry Maloney as
the man who rendered the greatest
service and contributed the most in
spiration to the soccer team during
the past season. Maloney yesterday
announced his decision to present the
gold individual award medal to Wal
thers for his consistent playing and
his faithful work throughout the sea
son.
Walthers has played three years on
the varsity and has worked deter
minedly to make his own playing as
nearly perfect as possible as well as
inspire his teammates to better per
formance. He was the only one of all
the seniors on the team to play three
years, the remaining members of the
team having played two years or less.
The medal will be presented to Wal
thers within a few days by Maloney
and will bear the inscription: For
faithful service rendered to soccer,
Stanford, 1923.
Just prior to the vacation a banquet
was given for the members of the
soccer team at the Union at which
time Dr. W. H. Barrow, director of
physical education and vice-president
of the University and Club Soccer
League, acting on behalf of President
Wilbur, honorary president of the
league, presented gold soccer foot
balls to the following players on the
team: Masters (captain), Johnson,
Franklin, Walthers, Howe, Elmore,
Peavy, Koepfli (manager), Swayne
(captain-elect), Green, Ta'am, Dwight,
Quigley, Clark, Titus, and Deffebach.
The medals were the gift of William
Ellery of the Ellery Arms Company
who made the promise of them if the
Stanford team won the league title
this year.
