# Untitled Article
## 
### 
YALE — Freshman enrollment in
September will be restricted to 850
men, was the statement given out by
the registrar's office today. The stu
dents will be selected on a basis of
YALE — Freshman enrollment in
September will be restricted to 850
men, was the statement given out by
the registrar's office today. The stu
dents will be selected on a basis of
YALE — Freshman enrollment in
September will be restricted to 850
men, was the statement given out by
the registrar's office today. The stu
dents will be selected on a basis of
YALE — Freshman enrollment in
September will be restricted to 850
men, was the statement given out by
the registrar's office today. The stu
dents will be selected on a basis of
YALE — Freshman enrollment in
September will be restricted to 850
men, was the statement given out by
the registrar's office today. The stu
dents will be selected on a basis of
YALE — Freshman enrollment in
September will be restricted to 850
men, was the statement given out by
the registrar's office today. The stu
dents will be selected on a basis of
YALE — Freshman enrollment in
September will be restricted to 850
men, was the statement given out by
the registrar's office today. The stu
dents will be selected on a basis of
YALE — Freshman enrollment in
September will be restricted to 850
men, was the statement given out by
the registrar's office today. The stu
dents will be selected on a basis of
YALE — Freshman enrollment in
September will be restricted to 850
men, was the statement given out by
the registrar's office today. The stu
dents will be selected on a basis of
YALE — Freshman enrollment in
September will be restricted to 850
men, was the statement given out by
the registrar's office today. The stu
dents will be selected on a basis of
YALE — Freshman enrollment in
September will be restricted to 850
men, was the statement given out by
the registrar's office today. The stu
dents will be selected on a basis of
YALE — Freshman enrollment in
September will be restricted to 850
men, was the statement given out by
the registrar's office today. The stu
dents will be selected on a basis of
YALE — Freshman enrollment in
September will be restricted to 850
men, was the statement given out by
the registrar's office today. The stu
dents will be selected on a basis of
YALE — Freshman enrollment in
September will be restricted to 850
men, was the statement given out by
the registrar's office today. The stu
dents will be selected on a basis of
YALE — Freshman enrollment in
September will be restricted to 850
men, was the statement given out by
the registrar's office today. The stu
dents will be selected on a basis of
