# SCHOLARSHIP AWARDS ARE ANNOUNCED
## 
### 
The President's Office announces
the awards of scholarships, upon re
commendation of the Scholarship Com
mittee, as follows:
The Dodds Fellowship to James
Creighton Muir.
The Ira S. Lillick Scholarship to
Edwin W. Hadley.
The Sperry Scholarship to Elton F.
Cornell.
The President's Office announces
the awards of scholarships, upon re
commendation of the Scholarship Com
mittee, as follows:
The Dodds Fellowship to James
Creighton Muir.
The Ira S. Lillick Scholarship to
Edwin W. Hadley.
The Sperry Scholarship to Elton F.
Cornell.
The President's Office announces
the awards of scholarships, upon re
commendation of the Scholarship Com
mittee, as follows:
The Dodds Fellowship to James
Creighton Muir.
The Ira S. Lillick Scholarship to
Edwin W. Hadley.
The Sperry Scholarship to Elton F.
Cornell.
The President's Office announces
the awards of scholarships, upon re
commendation of the Scholarship Com
mittee, as follows:
The Dodds Fellowship to James
Creighton Muir.
The Ira S. Lillick Scholarship to
Edwin W. Hadley.
The Sperry Scholarship to Elton F.
Cornell.
The President's Office announces
the awards of scholarships, upon re
commendation of the Scholarship Com
mittee, as follows:
The Dodds Fellowship to James
Creighton Muir.
The Ira S. Lillick Scholarship to
Edwin W. Hadley.
The Sperry Scholarship to Elton F.
Cornell.
The President's Office announces
the awards of scholarships, upon re
commendation of the Scholarship Com
mittee, as follows:
The Dodds Fellowship to James
Creighton Muir.
The Ira S. Lillick Scholarship to
Edwin W. Hadley.
The Sperry Scholarship to Elton F.
Cornell.
The President's Office announces
the awards of scholarships, upon re
commendation of the Scholarship Com
mittee, as follows:
The Dodds Fellowship to James
Creighton Muir.
The Ira S. Lillick Scholarship to
Edwin W. Hadley.
The Sperry Scholarship to Elton F.
Cornell.
The President's Office announces
the awards of scholarships, upon re
commendation of the Scholarship Com
mittee, as follows:
The Dodds Fellowship to James
Creighton Muir.
The Ira S. Lillick Scholarship to
Edwin W. Hadley.
The Sperry Scholarship to Elton F.
Cornell.
The President's Office announces
the awards of scholarships, upon re
commendation of the Scholarship Com
mittee, as follows:
The Dodds Fellowship to James
Creighton Muir.
The Ira S. Lillick Scholarship to
Edwin W. Hadley.
The Sperry Scholarship to Elton F.
Cornell.
The President's Office announces
the awards of scholarships, upon re
commendation of the Scholarship Com
mittee, as follows:
The Dodds Fellowship to James
Creighton Muir.
The Ira S. Lillick Scholarship to
Edwin W. Hadley.
The Sperry Scholarship to Elton F.
Cornell.
The President's Office announces
the awards of scholarships, upon re
commendation of the Scholarship Com
mittee, as follows:
The Dodds Fellowship to James
Creighton Muir.
The Ira S. Lillick Scholarship to
Edwin W. Hadley.
The Sperry Scholarship to Elton F.
Cornell.
The President's Office announces
the awards of scholarships, upon re
commendation of the Scholarship Com
mittee, as follows:
The Dodds Fellowship to James
Creighton Muir.
The Ira S. Lillick Scholarship to
Edwin W. Hadley.
The Sperry Scholarship to Elton F.
Cornell.
The President's Office announces
the awards of scholarships, upon re
commendation of the Scholarship Com
mittee, as follows:
The Dodds Fellowship to James
Creighton Muir.
The Ira S. Lillick Scholarship to
Edwin W. Hadley.
The Sperry Scholarship to Elton F.
Cornell.
The President's Office announces
the awards of scholarships, upon re
commendation of the Scholarship Com
mittee, as follows:
The Dodds Fellowship to James
Creighton Muir.
The Ira S. Lillick Scholarship to
Edwin W. Hadley.
The Sperry Scholarship to Elton F.
Cornell.
The President's Office announces
the awards of scholarships, upon re
commendation of the Scholarship Com
mittee, as follows:
The Dodds Fellowship to James
Creighton Muir.
The Ira S. Lillick Scholarship to
Edwin W. Hadley.
The Sperry Scholarship to Elton F.
Cornell.
