# AWARENESS
## 
### 
Experiments have shown that a live frog, when
placed in water which was then gradually heated,
evinced no outward sign of discomfort. Nor did it
even so much as blink an eyelid when the liquid be
came hot. Then the water boiled, and Mr. Frog
passed gently away, never having received enough
of a stimulus to make him try to escape his peril.
He just didn't know what was happening to him.
Something like that often happens to human be
ings. Only the environment isn't water.
C. N. H.
Experiments have shown that a live frog, when
placed in water which was then gradually heated,
evinced no outward sign of discomfort. Nor did it
even so much as blink an eyelid when the liquid be
came hot. Then the water boiled, and Mr. Frog
passed gently away, never having received enough
of a stimulus to make him try to escape his peril.
He just didn't know what was happening to him.
Something like that often happens to human be
ings. Only the environment isn't water.
C. N. H.
Experiments have shown that a live frog, when
placed in water which was then gradually heated,
evinced no outward sign of discomfort. Nor did it
even so much as blink an eyelid when the liquid be
came hot. Then the water boiled, and Mr. Frog
passed gently away, never having received enough
of a stimulus to make him try to escape his peril.
He just didn't know what was happening to him.
Something like that often happens to human be
ings. Only the environment isn't water.
C. N. H.
Experiments have shown that a live frog, when
placed in water which was then gradually heated,
evinced no outward sign of discomfort. Nor did it
even so much as blink an eyelid when the liquid be
came hot. Then the water boiled, and Mr. Frog
passed gently away, never having received enough
of a stimulus to make him try to escape his peril.
He just didn't know what was happening to him.
Something like that often happens to human be
ings. Only the environment isn't water.
C. N. H.
Experiments have shown that a live frog, when
placed in water which was then gradually heated,
evinced no outward sign of discomfort. Nor did it
even so much as blink an eyelid when the liquid be
came hot. Then the water boiled, and Mr. Frog
passed gently away, never having received enough
of a stimulus to make him try to escape his peril.
He just didn't know what was happening to him.
Something like that often happens to human be
ings. Only the environment isn't water.
C. N. H.
Experiments have shown that a live frog, when
placed in water which was then gradually heated,
evinced no outward sign of discomfort. Nor did it
even so much as blink an eyelid when the liquid be
came hot. Then the water boiled, and Mr. Frog
passed gently away, never having received enough
of a stimulus to make him try to escape his peril.
He just didn't know what was happening to him.
Something like that often happens to human be
ings. Only the environment isn't water.
C. N. H.
Experiments have shown that a live frog, when
placed in water which was then gradually heated,
evinced no outward sign of discomfort. Nor did it
even so much as blink an eyelid when the liquid be
came hot. Then the water boiled, and Mr. Frog
passed gently away, never having received enough
of a stimulus to make him try to escape his peril.
He just didn't know what was happening to him.
Something like that often happens to human be
ings. Only the environment isn't water.
C. N. H.
Experiments have shown that a live frog, when
placed in water which was then gradually heated,
evinced no outward sign of discomfort. Nor did it
even so much as blink an eyelid when the liquid be
came hot. Then the water boiled, and Mr. Frog
passed gently away, never having received enough
of a stimulus to make him try to escape his peril.
He just didn't know what was happening to him.
Something like that often happens to human be
ings. Only the environment isn't water.
C. N. H.
Experiments have shown that a live frog, when
placed in water which was then gradually heated,
evinced no outward sign of discomfort. Nor did it
even so much as blink an eyelid when the liquid be
came hot. Then the water boiled, and Mr. Frog
passed gently away, never having received enough
of a stimulus to make him try to escape his peril.
He just didn't know what was happening to him.
Something like that often happens to human be
ings. Only the environment isn't water.
C. N. H.
Experiments have shown that a live frog, when
placed in water which was then gradually heated,
evinced no outward sign of discomfort. Nor did it
even so much as blink an eyelid when the liquid be
came hot. Then the water boiled, and Mr. Frog
passed gently away, never having received enough
of a stimulus to make him try to escape his peril.
He just didn't know what was happening to him.
Something like that often happens to human be
ings. Only the environment isn't water.
C. N. H.
Experiments have shown that a live frog, when
placed in water which was then gradually heated,
evinced no outward sign of discomfort. Nor did it
even so much as blink an eyelid when the liquid be
came hot. Then the water boiled, and Mr. Frog
passed gently away, never having received enough
of a stimulus to make him try to escape his peril.
He just didn't know what was happening to him.
Something like that often happens to human be
ings. Only the environment isn't water.
C. N. H.
Experiments have shown that a live frog, when
placed in water which was then gradually heated,
evinced no outward sign of discomfort. Nor did it
even so much as blink an eyelid when the liquid be
came hot. Then the water boiled, and Mr. Frog
passed gently away, never having received enough
of a stimulus to make him try to escape his peril.
He just didn't know what was happening to him.
Something like that often happens to human be
ings. Only the environment isn't water.
C. N. H.
Experiments have shown that a live frog, when
placed in water which was then gradually heated,
evinced no outward sign of discomfort. Nor did it
even so much as blink an eyelid when the liquid be
came hot. Then the water boiled, and Mr. Frog
passed gently away, never having received enough
of a stimulus to make him try to escape his peril.
He just didn't know what was happening to him.
Something like that often happens to human be
ings. Only the environment isn't water.
C. N. H.
Experiments have shown that a live frog, when
placed in water which was then gradually heated,
evinced no outward sign of discomfort. Nor did it
even so much as blink an eyelid when the liquid be
came hot. Then the water boiled, and Mr. Frog
passed gently away, never having received enough
of a stimulus to make him try to escape his peril.
He just didn't know what was happening to him.
Something like that often happens to human be
ings. Only the environment isn't water.
C. N. H.
Experiments have shown that a live frog, when
placed in water which was then gradually heated,
evinced no outward sign of discomfort. Nor did it
even so much as blink an eyelid when the liquid be
came hot. Then the water boiled, and Mr. Frog
passed gently away, never having received enough
of a stimulus to make him try to escape his peril.
He just didn't know what was happening to him.
Something like that often happens to human be
ings. Only the environment isn't water.
C. N. H.
