# New Apparatus for the Gymnasium.
## 
### 
During the past month a new ship
ment of apparatus has been received
at the Encina Gymnasium. The new
outfit has long been in need by the
instructors and arrangements have
been made so that the new material
will at once be installed. In detail
the shipment consists of horses, par
allels and mats.
In the last few days the gallery
in the east end of the gymnasium
lias been remodeled and putin shape
for the accomodation of large box
ing. fencing and wrestling classes.
During the past month a new ship
ment of apparatus has been received
at the Encina Gymnasium. The new
outfit has long been in need by the
instructors and arrangements have
been made so that the new material
will at once be installed. In detail
the shipment consists of horses, par
allels and mats.
In the last few days the gallery
in the east end of the gymnasium
lias been remodeled and putin shape
for the accomodation of large box
ing. fencing and wrestling classes.
During the past month a new ship
ment of apparatus has been received
at the Encina Gymnasium. The new
outfit has long been in need by the
instructors and arrangements have
been made so that the new material
will at once be installed. In detail
the shipment consists of horses, par
allels and mats.
In the last few days the gallery
in the east end of the gymnasium
lias been remodeled and putin shape
for the accomodation of large box
ing. fencing and wrestling classes.
During the past month a new ship
ment of apparatus has been received
at the Encina Gymnasium. The new
outfit has long been in need by the
instructors and arrangements have
been made so that the new material
will at once be installed. In detail
the shipment consists of horses, par
allels and mats.
In the last few days the gallery
in the east end of the gymnasium
lias been remodeled and putin shape
for the accomodation of large box
ing. fencing and wrestling classes.
During the past month a new ship
ment of apparatus has been received
at the Encina Gymnasium. The new
outfit has long been in need by the
instructors and arrangements have
been made so that the new material
will at once be installed. In detail
the shipment consists of horses, par
allels and mats.
In the last few days the gallery
in the east end of the gymnasium
lias been remodeled and putin shape
for the accomodation of large box
ing. fencing and wrestling classes.
During the past month a new ship
ment of apparatus has been received
at the Encina Gymnasium. The new
outfit has long been in need by the
instructors and arrangements have
been made so that the new material
will at once be installed. In detail
the shipment consists of horses, par
allels and mats.
In the last few days the gallery
in the east end of the gymnasium
lias been remodeled and putin shape
for the accomodation of large box
ing. fencing and wrestling classes.
During the past month a new ship
ment of apparatus has been received
at the Encina Gymnasium. The new
outfit has long been in need by the
instructors and arrangements have
been made so that the new material
will at once be installed. In detail
the shipment consists of horses, par
allels and mats.
In the last few days the gallery
in the east end of the gymnasium
lias been remodeled and putin shape
for the accomodation of large box
ing. fencing and wrestling classes.
During the past month a new ship
ment of apparatus has been received
at the Encina Gymnasium. The new
outfit has long been in need by the
instructors and arrangements have
been made so that the new material
will at once be installed. In detail
the shipment consists of horses, par
allels and mats.
In the last few days the gallery
in the east end of the gymnasium
lias been remodeled and putin shape
for the accomodation of large box
ing. fencing and wrestling classes.
During the past month a new ship
ment of apparatus has been received
at the Encina Gymnasium. The new
outfit has long been in need by the
instructors and arrangements have
been made so that the new material
will at once be installed. In detail
the shipment consists of horses, par
allels and mats.
In the last few days the gallery
in the east end of the gymnasium
lias been remodeled and putin shape
for the accomodation of large box
ing. fencing and wrestling classes.
During the past month a new ship
ment of apparatus has been received
at the Encina Gymnasium. The new
outfit has long been in need by the
instructors and arrangements have
been made so that the new material
will at once be installed. In detail
the shipment consists of horses, par
allels and mats.
In the last few days the gallery
in the east end of the gymnasium
lias been remodeled and putin shape
for the accomodation of large box
ing. fencing and wrestling classes.
