# Food Analysis Not Yet Completed.
## 
### 
Professor R. E. Swain of the Chenv
istry department, who is conducting
the tests of the food supply of the
University Inn which was alleged to
have been poisoned by a discharged
cook, has not completed his analysis
and as yet has not discerned any tra
ces of poison in the food. He is put
ting in all his spare time on the work
but owing to the fact that it is prac
tically impossible *to work with a
microscope by electric light, the an
alysis is necessarily slow. By con
tinued application, however, Pro
fessor Swain expects to obtain defi
nite results by the end of the week.
Professor R. E. Swain of the Chenv
istry department, who is conducting
the tests of the food supply of the
University Inn which was alleged to
have been poisoned by a discharged
cook, has not completed his analysis
and as yet has not discerned any tra
ces of poison in the food. He is put
ting in all his spare time on the work
but owing to the fact that it is prac
tically impossible *to work with a
microscope by electric light, the an
alysis is necessarily slow. By con
tinued application, however, Pro
fessor Swain expects to obtain defi
nite results by the end of the week.
Professor R. E. Swain of the Chenv
istry department, who is conducting
the tests of the food supply of the
University Inn which was alleged to
have been poisoned by a discharged
cook, has not completed his analysis
and as yet has not discerned any tra
ces of poison in the food. He is put
ting in all his spare time on the work
but owing to the fact that it is prac
tically impossible *to work with a
microscope by electric light, the an
alysis is necessarily slow. By con
tinued application, however, Pro
fessor Swain expects to obtain defi
nite results by the end of the week.
Professor R. E. Swain of the Chenv
istry department, who is conducting
the tests of the food supply of the
University Inn which was alleged to
have been poisoned by a discharged
cook, has not completed his analysis
and as yet has not discerned any tra
ces of poison in the food. He is put
ting in all his spare time on the work
but owing to the fact that it is prac
tically impossible *to work with a
microscope by electric light, the an
alysis is necessarily slow. By con
tinued application, however, Pro
fessor Swain expects to obtain defi
nite results by the end of the week.
Professor R. E. Swain of the Chenv
istry department, who is conducting
the tests of the food supply of the
University Inn which was alleged to
have been poisoned by a discharged
cook, has not completed his analysis
and as yet has not discerned any tra
ces of poison in the food. He is put
ting in all his spare time on the work
but owing to the fact that it is prac
tically impossible *to work with a
microscope by electric light, the an
alysis is necessarily slow. By con
tinued application, however, Pro
fessor Swain expects to obtain defi
nite results by the end of the week.
Professor R. E. Swain of the Chenv
istry department, who is conducting
the tests of the food supply of the
University Inn which was alleged to
have been poisoned by a discharged
cook, has not completed his analysis
and as yet has not discerned any tra
ces of poison in the food. He is put
ting in all his spare time on the work
but owing to the fact that it is prac
tically impossible *to work with a
microscope by electric light, the an
alysis is necessarily slow. By con
tinued application, however, Pro
fessor Swain expects to obtain defi
nite results by the end of the week.
Professor R. E. Swain of the Chenv
istry department, who is conducting
the tests of the food supply of the
University Inn which was alleged to
have been poisoned by a discharged
cook, has not completed his analysis
and as yet has not discerned any tra
ces of poison in the food. He is put
ting in all his spare time on the work
but owing to the fact that it is prac
tically impossible *to work with a
microscope by electric light, the an
alysis is necessarily slow. By con
tinued application, however, Pro
fessor Swain expects to obtain defi
nite results by the end of the week.
Professor R. E. Swain of the Chenv
istry department, who is conducting
the tests of the food supply of the
University Inn which was alleged to
have been poisoned by a discharged
cook, has not completed his analysis
and as yet has not discerned any tra
ces of poison in the food. He is put
ting in all his spare time on the work
but owing to the fact that it is prac
tically impossible *to work with a
microscope by electric light, the an
alysis is necessarily slow. By con
tinued application, however, Pro
fessor Swain expects to obtain defi
nite results by the end of the week.
Professor R. E. Swain of the Chenv
istry department, who is conducting
the tests of the food supply of the
University Inn which was alleged to
have been poisoned by a discharged
cook, has not completed his analysis
and as yet has not discerned any tra
ces of poison in the food. He is put
ting in all his spare time on the work
but owing to the fact that it is prac
tically impossible *to work with a
microscope by electric light, the an
alysis is necessarily slow. By con
tinued application, however, Pro
fessor Swain expects to obtain defi
nite results by the end of the week.
Professor R. E. Swain of the Chenv
istry department, who is conducting
the tests of the food supply of the
University Inn which was alleged to
have been poisoned by a discharged
cook, has not completed his analysis
and as yet has not discerned any tra
ces of poison in the food. He is put
ting in all his spare time on the work
but owing to the fact that it is prac
tically impossible *to work with a
microscope by electric light, the an
alysis is necessarily slow. By con
tinued application, however, Pro
fessor Swain expects to obtain defi
nite results by the end of the week.
