# "Classical France" to be Given Soon.
## 
### 
The second of Professor A. L. Cuer
ard's French lectures on Paris and
its environs will occur Thursday,
October 1, at 4 o'clock in room
214. The subject of the lecture is
"Classical France."
Mrs Guerard will illustrate the
lecture with 60 lantern slides.
The second of Professor A. L. Cuer
ard's French lectures on Paris and
its environs will occur Thursday,
October 1, at 4 o'clock in room
214. The subject of the lecture is
"Classical France."
Mrs Guerard will illustrate the
lecture with 60 lantern slides.
The second of Professor A. L. Cuer
ard's French lectures on Paris and
its environs will occur Thursday,
October 1, at 4 o'clock in room
214. The subject of the lecture is
"Classical France."
Mrs Guerard will illustrate the
lecture with 60 lantern slides.
The second of Professor A. L. Cuer
ard's French lectures on Paris and
its environs will occur Thursday,
October 1, at 4 o'clock in room
214. The subject of the lecture is
"Classical France."
Mrs Guerard will illustrate the
lecture with 60 lantern slides.
The second of Professor A. L. Cuer
ard's French lectures on Paris and
its environs will occur Thursday,
October 1, at 4 o'clock in room
214. The subject of the lecture is
"Classical France."
Mrs Guerard will illustrate the
lecture with 60 lantern slides.
The second of Professor A. L. Cuer
ard's French lectures on Paris and
its environs will occur Thursday,
October 1, at 4 o'clock in room
214. The subject of the lecture is
"Classical France."
Mrs Guerard will illustrate the
lecture with 60 lantern slides.
The second of Professor A. L. Cuer
ard's French lectures on Paris and
its environs will occur Thursday,
October 1, at 4 o'clock in room
214. The subject of the lecture is
"Classical France."
Mrs Guerard will illustrate the
lecture with 60 lantern slides.
The second of Professor A. L. Cuer
ard's French lectures on Paris and
its environs will occur Thursday,
October 1, at 4 o'clock in room
214. The subject of the lecture is
"Classical France."
Mrs Guerard will illustrate the
lecture with 60 lantern slides.
The second of Professor A. L. Cuer
ard's French lectures on Paris and
its environs will occur Thursday,
October 1, at 4 o'clock in room
214. The subject of the lecture is
"Classical France."
Mrs Guerard will illustrate the
lecture with 60 lantern slides.
The second of Professor A. L. Cuer
ard's French lectures on Paris and
its environs will occur Thursday,
October 1, at 4 o'clock in room
214. The subject of the lecture is
"Classical France."
Mrs Guerard will illustrate the
lecture with 60 lantern slides.
