# O.S.C. Cripple Proves Star High Jump Man
## 
### 
CORVALLIS, April 5— (P.1.P.) —
Although handicapped by the loss of
part of his right foot, Logan Carter
is the most promising high-jumper at
Oregon State College this year. As a
freshman, Carter cleared G feet 3
inches last year, and is expected to
better this mark during the present
season.
CORVALLIS, April 5— (P.1.P.) —
Although handicapped by the loss of
part of his right foot, Logan Carter
is the most promising high-jumper at
Oregon State College this year. As a
freshman, Carter cleared G feet 3
inches last year, and is expected to
better this mark during the present
season.
CORVALLIS, April 5— (P.1.P.) —
Although handicapped by the loss of
part of his right foot, Logan Carter
is the most promising high-jumper at
Oregon State College this year. As a
freshman, Carter cleared G feet 3
inches last year, and is expected to
better this mark during the present
season.
CORVALLIS, April 5— (P.1.P.) —
Although handicapped by the loss of
part of his right foot, Logan Carter
is the most promising high-jumper at
Oregon State College this year. As a
freshman, Carter cleared G feet 3
inches last year, and is expected to
better this mark during the present
season.
CORVALLIS, April 5— (P.1.P.) —
Although handicapped by the loss of
part of his right foot, Logan Carter
is the most promising high-jumper at
Oregon State College this year. As a
freshman, Carter cleared G feet 3
inches last year, and is expected to
better this mark during the present
season.
CORVALLIS, April 5— (P.1.P.) —
Although handicapped by the loss of
part of his right foot, Logan Carter
is the most promising high-jumper at
Oregon State College this year. As a
freshman, Carter cleared G feet 3
inches last year, and is expected to
better this mark during the present
season.
CORVALLIS, April 5— (P.1.P.) —
Although handicapped by the loss of
part of his right foot, Logan Carter
is the most promising high-jumper at
Oregon State College this year. As a
freshman, Carter cleared G feet 3
inches last year, and is expected to
better this mark during the present
season.
CORVALLIS, April 5— (P.1.P.) —
Although handicapped by the loss of
part of his right foot, Logan Carter
is the most promising high-jumper at
Oregon State College this year. As a
freshman, Carter cleared G feet 3
inches last year, and is expected to
better this mark during the present
season.
CORVALLIS, April 5— (P.1.P.) —
Although handicapped by the loss of
part of his right foot, Logan Carter
is the most promising high-jumper at
Oregon State College this year. As a
freshman, Carter cleared G feet 3
inches last year, and is expected to
better this mark during the present
season.
CORVALLIS, April 5— (P.1.P.) —
Although handicapped by the loss of
part of his right foot, Logan Carter
is the most promising high-jumper at
Oregon State College this year. As a
freshman, Carter cleared G feet 3
inches last year, and is expected to
better this mark during the present
season.
CORVALLIS, April 5— (P.1.P.) —
Although handicapped by the loss of
part of his right foot, Logan Carter
is the most promising high-jumper at
Oregon State College this year. As a
freshman, Carter cleared G feet 3
inches last year, and is expected to
better this mark during the present
season.
CORVALLIS, April 5— (P.1.P.) —
Although handicapped by the loss of
part of his right foot, Logan Carter
is the most promising high-jumper at
Oregon State College this year. As a
freshman, Carter cleared G feet 3
inches last year, and is expected to
better this mark during the present
season.
CORVALLIS, April 5— (P.1.P.) —
Although handicapped by the loss of
part of his right foot, Logan Carter
is the most promising high-jumper at
Oregon State College this year. As a
freshman, Carter cleared G feet 3
inches last year, and is expected to
better this mark during the present
season.
CORVALLIS, April 5— (P.1.P.) —
Although handicapped by the loss of
part of his right foot, Logan Carter
is the most promising high-jumper at
Oregon State College this year. As a
freshman, Carter cleared G feet 3
inches last year, and is expected to
better this mark during the present
season.
CORVALLIS, April 5— (P.1.P.) —
Although handicapped by the loss of
part of his right foot, Logan Carter
is the most promising high-jumper at
Oregon State College this year. As a
freshman, Carter cleared G feet 3
inches last year, and is expected to
better this mark during the present
season.
CORVALLIS, April 5— (P.1.P.) —
Although handicapped by the loss of
part of his right foot, Logan Carter
is the most promising high-jumper at
Oregon State College this year. As a
freshman, Carter cleared G feet 3
inches last year, and is expected to
better this mark during the present
season.
