# ORDERS TO BE TAKEN FOR SENIOR PROGAMS COMMENCING MONDAY
## 
### 
April 21 will be the last date at which
Senior Week programs may be ordered,
according to Gregory Davis, program
chairman. Orders will be taken by the
following beginning Monday, April 9:
The Stanford Bookstore; William John
ston, Room 236, Toyon; Hallie Keating,
Room 263, Roble; Lillian Force, Alpha
Omicron Pi; Don Ruppe, Room 209, Se
quoia ; David Adams, Kappa Sigma. Mail
orders may be sent to Gregory Davis,
Box 1305, Campus, with accompanying
checks made out to Gregory Davis.
Sales will be by advance order only,
and money for both programs and an
nouncements must accompany the order,
says Davis. The early closing date is nec
essary so that printing orders may be
placed. Each person may order as many
programs as desired. The price of the
leather books is $1, with some paper
bound programs selling for seventy-five
cents.
April 21 will be the last date at which
Senior Week programs may be ordered,
according to Gregory Davis, program
chairman. Orders will be taken by the
following beginning Monday, April 9:
The Stanford Bookstore; William John
ston, Room 236, Toyon; Hallie Keating,
Room 263, Roble; Lillian Force, Alpha
Omicron Pi; Don Ruppe, Room 209, Se
quoia ; David Adams, Kappa Sigma. Mail
orders may be sent to Gregory Davis,
Box 1305, Campus, with accompanying
checks made out to Gregory Davis.
Sales will be by advance order only,
and money for both programs and an
nouncements must accompany the order,
says Davis. The early closing date is nec
essary so that printing orders may be
placed. Each person may order as many
programs as desired. The price of the
leather books is $1, with some paper
bound programs selling for seventy-five
cents.
April 21 will be the last date at which
Senior Week programs may be ordered,
according to Gregory Davis, program
chairman. Orders will be taken by the
following beginning Monday, April 9:
The Stanford Bookstore; William John
ston, Room 236, Toyon; Hallie Keating,
Room 263, Roble; Lillian Force, Alpha
Omicron Pi; Don Ruppe, Room 209, Se
quoia ; David Adams, Kappa Sigma. Mail
orders may be sent to Gregory Davis,
Box 1305, Campus, with accompanying
checks made out to Gregory Davis.
Sales will be by advance order only,
and money for both programs and an
nouncements must accompany the order,
says Davis. The early closing date is nec
essary so that printing orders may be
placed. Each person may order as many
programs as desired. The price of the
leather books is $1, with some paper
bound programs selling for seventy-five
cents.
April 21 will be the last date at which
Senior Week programs may be ordered,
according to Gregory Davis, program
chairman. Orders will be taken by the
following beginning Monday, April 9:
The Stanford Bookstore; William John
ston, Room 236, Toyon; Hallie Keating,
Room 263, Roble; Lillian Force, Alpha
Omicron Pi; Don Ruppe, Room 209, Se
quoia ; David Adams, Kappa Sigma. Mail
orders may be sent to Gregory Davis,
Box 1305, Campus, with accompanying
checks made out to Gregory Davis.
Sales will be by advance order only,
and money for both programs and an
nouncements must accompany the order,
says Davis. The early closing date is nec
essary so that printing orders may be
placed. Each person may order as many
programs as desired. The price of the
leather books is $1, with some paper
bound programs selling for seventy-five
cents.
April 21 will be the last date at which
Senior Week programs may be ordered,
according to Gregory Davis, program
chairman. Orders will be taken by the
following beginning Monday, April 9:
The Stanford Bookstore; William John
ston, Room 236, Toyon; Hallie Keating,
Room 263, Roble; Lillian Force, Alpha
Omicron Pi; Don Ruppe, Room 209, Se
quoia ; David Adams, Kappa Sigma. Mail
orders may be sent to Gregory Davis,
Box 1305, Campus, with accompanying
checks made out to Gregory Davis.
Sales will be by advance order only,
and money for both programs and an
nouncements must accompany the order,
says Davis. The early closing date is nec
essary so that printing orders may be
placed. Each person may order as many
programs as desired. The price of the
leather books is $1, with some paper
bound programs selling for seventy-five
cents.
April 21 will be the last date at which
Senior Week programs may be ordered,
according to Gregory Davis, program
chairman. Orders will be taken by the
following beginning Monday, April 9:
The Stanford Bookstore; William John
ston, Room 236, Toyon; Hallie Keating,
Room 263, Roble; Lillian Force, Alpha
Omicron Pi; Don Ruppe, Room 209, Se
quoia ; David Adams, Kappa Sigma. Mail
orders may be sent to Gregory Davis,
Box 1305, Campus, with accompanying
checks made out to Gregory Davis.
Sales will be by advance order only,
and money for both programs and an
nouncements must accompany the order,
says Davis. The early closing date is nec
essary so that printing orders may be
placed. Each person may order as many
programs as desired. The price of the
leather books is $1, with some paper
bound programs selling for seventy-five
cents.
April 21 will be the last date at which
Senior Week programs may be ordered,
according to Gregory Davis, program
chairman. Orders will be taken by the
following beginning Monday, April 9:
The Stanford Bookstore; William John
ston, Room 236, Toyon; Hallie Keating,
Room 263, Roble; Lillian Force, Alpha
Omicron Pi; Don Ruppe, Room 209, Se
quoia ; David Adams, Kappa Sigma. Mail
orders may be sent to Gregory Davis,
Box 1305, Campus, with accompanying
checks made out to Gregory Davis.
Sales will be by advance order only,
and money for both programs and an
nouncements must accompany the order,
says Davis. The early closing date is nec
essary so that printing orders may be
placed. Each person may order as many
programs as desired. The price of the
leather books is $1, with some paper
bound programs selling for seventy-five
cents.
April 21 will be the last date at which
Senior Week programs may be ordered,
according to Gregory Davis, program
chairman. Orders will be taken by the
following beginning Monday, April 9:
The Stanford Bookstore; William John
ston, Room 236, Toyon; Hallie Keating,
Room 263, Roble; Lillian Force, Alpha
Omicron Pi; Don Ruppe, Room 209, Se
quoia ; David Adams, Kappa Sigma. Mail
orders may be sent to Gregory Davis,
Box 1305, Campus, with accompanying
checks made out to Gregory Davis.
Sales will be by advance order only,
and money for both programs and an
nouncements must accompany the order,
says Davis. The early closing date is nec
essary so that printing orders may be
placed. Each person may order as many
programs as desired. The price of the
leather books is $1, with some paper
bound programs selling for seventy-five
cents.
April 21 will be the last date at which
Senior Week programs may be ordered,
according to Gregory Davis, program
chairman. Orders will be taken by the
following beginning Monday, April 9:
The Stanford Bookstore; William John
ston, Room 236, Toyon; Hallie Keating,
Room 263, Roble; Lillian Force, Alpha
Omicron Pi; Don Ruppe, Room 209, Se
quoia ; David Adams, Kappa Sigma. Mail
orders may be sent to Gregory Davis,
Box 1305, Campus, with accompanying
checks made out to Gregory Davis.
Sales will be by advance order only,
and money for both programs and an
nouncements must accompany the order,
says Davis. The early closing date is nec
essary so that printing orders may be
placed. Each person may order as many
programs as desired. The price of the
leather books is $1, with some paper
bound programs selling for seventy-five
cents.
April 21 will be the last date at which
Senior Week programs may be ordered,
according to Gregory Davis, program
chairman. Orders will be taken by the
following beginning Monday, April 9:
The Stanford Bookstore; William John
ston, Room 236, Toyon; Hallie Keating,
Room 263, Roble; Lillian Force, Alpha
Omicron Pi; Don Ruppe, Room 209, Se
quoia ; David Adams, Kappa Sigma. Mail
orders may be sent to Gregory Davis,
Box 1305, Campus, with accompanying
checks made out to Gregory Davis.
Sales will be by advance order only,
and money for both programs and an
nouncements must accompany the order,
says Davis. The early closing date is nec
essary so that printing orders may be
placed. Each person may order as many
programs as desired. The price of the
leather books is $1, with some paper
bound programs selling for seventy-five
cents.
April 21 will be the last date at which
Senior Week programs may be ordered,
according to Gregory Davis, program
chairman. Orders will be taken by the
following beginning Monday, April 9:
The Stanford Bookstore; William John
ston, Room 236, Toyon; Hallie Keating,
Room 263, Roble; Lillian Force, Alpha
Omicron Pi; Don Ruppe, Room 209, Se
quoia ; David Adams, Kappa Sigma. Mail
orders may be sent to Gregory Davis,
Box 1305, Campus, with accompanying
checks made out to Gregory Davis.
Sales will be by advance order only,
and money for both programs and an
nouncements must accompany the order,
says Davis. The early closing date is nec
essary so that printing orders may be
placed. Each person may order as many
programs as desired. The price of the
leather books is $1, with some paper
bound programs selling for seventy-five
cents.
April 21 will be the last date at which
Senior Week programs may be ordered,
according to Gregory Davis, program
chairman. Orders will be taken by the
following beginning Monday, April 9:
The Stanford Bookstore; William John
ston, Room 236, Toyon; Hallie Keating,
Room 263, Roble; Lillian Force, Alpha
Omicron Pi; Don Ruppe, Room 209, Se
quoia ; David Adams, Kappa Sigma. Mail
orders may be sent to Gregory Davis,
Box 1305, Campus, with accompanying
checks made out to Gregory Davis.
Sales will be by advance order only,
and money for both programs and an
nouncements must accompany the order,
says Davis. The early closing date is nec
essary so that printing orders may be
placed. Each person may order as many
programs as desired. The price of the
leather books is $1, with some paper
bound programs selling for seventy-five
cents.
April 21 will be the last date at which
Senior Week programs may be ordered,
according to Gregory Davis, program
chairman. Orders will be taken by the
following beginning Monday, April 9:
The Stanford Bookstore; William John
ston, Room 236, Toyon; Hallie Keating,
Room 263, Roble; Lillian Force, Alpha
Omicron Pi; Don Ruppe, Room 209, Se
quoia ; David Adams, Kappa Sigma. Mail
orders may be sent to Gregory Davis,
Box 1305, Campus, with accompanying
checks made out to Gregory Davis.
Sales will be by advance order only,
and money for both programs and an
nouncements must accompany the order,
says Davis. The early closing date is nec
essary so that printing orders may be
placed. Each person may order as many
programs as desired. The price of the
leather books is $1, with some paper
bound programs selling for seventy-five
cents.
April 21 will be the last date at which
Senior Week programs may be ordered,
according to Gregory Davis, program
chairman. Orders will be taken by the
following beginning Monday, April 9:
The Stanford Bookstore; William John
ston, Room 236, Toyon; Hallie Keating,
Room 263, Roble; Lillian Force, Alpha
Omicron Pi; Don Ruppe, Room 209, Se
quoia ; David Adams, Kappa Sigma. Mail
orders may be sent to Gregory Davis,
Box 1305, Campus, with accompanying
checks made out to Gregory Davis.
Sales will be by advance order only,
and money for both programs and an
nouncements must accompany the order,
says Davis. The early closing date is nec
essary so that printing orders may be
placed. Each person may order as many
programs as desired. The price of the
leather books is $1, with some paper
bound programs selling for seventy-five
cents.
April 21 will be the last date at which
Senior Week programs may be ordered,
according to Gregory Davis, program
chairman. Orders will be taken by the
following beginning Monday, April 9:
The Stanford Bookstore; William John
ston, Room 236, Toyon; Hallie Keating,
Room 263, Roble; Lillian Force, Alpha
Omicron Pi; Don Ruppe, Room 209, Se
quoia ; David Adams, Kappa Sigma. Mail
orders may be sent to Gregory Davis,
Box 1305, Campus, with accompanying
checks made out to Gregory Davis.
Sales will be by advance order only,
and money for both programs and an
nouncements must accompany the order,
says Davis. The early closing date is nec
essary so that printing orders may be
placed. Each person may order as many
programs as desired. The price of the
leather books is $1, with some paper
bound programs selling for seventy-five
cents.
April 21 will be the last date at which
Senior Week programs may be ordered,
according to Gregory Davis, program
chairman. Orders will be taken by the
following beginning Monday, April 9:
The Stanford Bookstore; William John
ston, Room 236, Toyon; Hallie Keating,
Room 263, Roble; Lillian Force, Alpha
Omicron Pi; Don Ruppe, Room 209, Se
quoia ; David Adams, Kappa Sigma. Mail
orders may be sent to Gregory Davis,
Box 1305, Campus, with accompanying
checks made out to Gregory Davis.
Sales will be by advance order only,
and money for both programs and an
nouncements must accompany the order,
says Davis. The early closing date is nec
essary so that printing orders may be
placed. Each person may order as many
programs as desired. The price of the
leather books is $1, with some paper
bound programs selling for seventy-five
cents.
