# GARNIER WELL FITTED FOR CLEOPATRA ROLE BY STAGE EXPERIENCE
## Jeannette Owens Shows Up Well in Rehearsals for Ftatateeta Role 
### 
Dorothy Garnier, who will play
Cleopatra in "Caesar and Cleopatra,"
which will be presented by the Eng
lish Club next Friday, will be called
upon to take a difficult Shaw role.
Cleopatra is a girl of sixteen when
Caesar enters Egypt, but she is more
mature than a girl of the same age in
the temperate zone. She is spoiled, a
slave to her whims. Shaw's Cleopatra
is not a vampire, but rather an emo
tional girl with romantic ideas.
Miss Garnier's experience and her
versatility especially qualify her to
make the difficult characterization.
Her appearances at Stanford include
the leads in Galsworthy's "Loyalties,"
"Wicked William," the Junior opera
last year, and "Helen of Troy," a
travesty played in the last Football
Gaieties. Before coming to Stanford
she played in stock companies in the
southern part of the state.
Ftatateeta, the only other major
woman's part in the play, will be en
acted by Jeanette Owens, a recent
transfer from San Jose State College.
Miss Owens' experience in Shakes
pearean roles at San Jose will be of
assistance to her in playing the part
of Ftatateeta, a cruel, villainous wo
man, who is practically a witch. The
part calls for powerful speaking and
melodramatic action, rehearsals,
Miss Owens has shown up very well,
sharing honors with the lead, Miss
Garnier.
Tickets for the play are now ob
tainable nt the Old Union and at Cran
dall's in Palo Alto at $L to $1.50.
