# SIREN OF THE NILE
## 
### 

Dorothy Gamier, who will play
Cleopatra in Bernard Shaw's spec
tacular drama, "Caesar and Cleo
patra," to be presented by the Eng
lish Club next Friday evening in the
Assembly Hall.

Dorothy Gamier, who will play
Cleopatra in Bernard Shaw's spec
tacular drama, "Caesar and Cleo
patra," to be presented by the Eng
lish Club next Friday evening in the
Assembly Hall.

Dorothy Gamier, who will play
Cleopatra in Bernard Shaw's spec
tacular drama, "Caesar and Cleo
patra," to be presented by the Eng
lish Club next Friday evening in the
Assembly Hall.

Dorothy Gamier, who will play
Cleopatra in Bernard Shaw's spec
tacular drama, "Caesar and Cleo
patra," to be presented by the Eng
lish Club next Friday evening in the
Assembly Hall.

Dorothy Gamier, who will play
Cleopatra in Bernard Shaw's spec
tacular drama, "Caesar and Cleo
patra," to be presented by the Eng
lish Club next Friday evening in the
Assembly Hall.

Dorothy Gamier, who will play
Cleopatra in Bernard Shaw's spec
tacular drama, "Caesar and Cleo
patra," to be presented by the Eng
lish Club next Friday evening in the
Assembly Hall.

Dorothy Gamier, who will play
Cleopatra in Bernard Shaw's spec
tacular drama, "Caesar and Cleo
patra," to be presented by the Eng
lish Club next Friday evening in the
Assembly Hall.

Dorothy Gamier, who will play
Cleopatra in Bernard Shaw's spec
tacular drama, "Caesar and Cleo
patra," to be presented by the Eng
lish Club next Friday evening in the
Assembly Hall.

Dorothy Gamier, who will play
Cleopatra in Bernard Shaw's spec
tacular drama, "Caesar and Cleo
patra," to be presented by the Eng
lish Club next Friday evening in the
Assembly Hall.

Dorothy Gamier, who will play
Cleopatra in Bernard Shaw's spec
tacular drama, "Caesar and Cleo
patra," to be presented by the Eng
lish Club next Friday evening in the
Assembly Hall.

Dorothy Gamier, who will play
Cleopatra in Bernard Shaw's spec
tacular drama, "Caesar and Cleo
patra," to be presented by the Eng
lish Club next Friday evening in the
Assembly Hall.

Dorothy Gamier, who will play
Cleopatra in Bernard Shaw's spec
tacular drama, "Caesar and Cleo
patra," to be presented by the Eng
lish Club next Friday evening in the
Assembly Hall.

Dorothy Gamier, who will play
Cleopatra in Bernard Shaw's spec
tacular drama, "Caesar and Cleo
patra," to be presented by the Eng
lish Club next Friday evening in the
Assembly Hall.

Dorothy Gamier, who will play
Cleopatra in Bernard Shaw's spec
tacular drama, "Caesar and Cleo
patra," to be presented by the Eng
lish Club next Friday evening in the
Assembly Hall.

Dorothy Gamier, who will play
Cleopatra in Bernard Shaw's spec
tacular drama, "Caesar and Cleo
patra," to be presented by the Eng
lish Club next Friday evening in the
Assembly Hall.

Dorothy Gamier, who will play
Cleopatra in Bernard Shaw's spec
tacular drama, "Caesar and Cleo
patra," to be presented by the Eng
lish Club next Friday evening in the
Assembly Hall.
