# U.C. WANTS REASONS
## SAYS THAT STANFORD MUST SHOW CAUSE. Threatens to Call Track Meet Off.â€”No Official Answer to Cardinal Letter. 
### 
No word from the University of
California in regard to the attitude
of the Blue and Gold toward the
proposition of holding another meet
ing of the Intercollegiate Athletic
Committees has yet been received by
Secretary C. R. Crider, '07, of the
Associated Students. Action 011 the
Stanford proposal was taken in Berk
eley by the California executive com
mittee Wednesday night, and a reply
is expected to reach the University
at any time.
It is reported in the San Francisco
papers that a so-called ultimatum has
been forwarded to Stanford by the
athletic authorities of the State in
stitution. The purport of the Berk
eley dispatches is that the Cardinal
must show good cause why another
meeting should be held before the
consent of California will be given.
One story of the matter runs thus ;
"The executive committee of the
State university, in reply to the re
quest from Stanford for another meet
ing, says that unless the representa
tives of the Cardinal can give some
good and sufficient reason for the
meeting for the second time of the
Intercollegiate Committee, the field
day between the two universities will
be declared off."
When the Cardinal is able to show
good cause why the Intercollegiate
Athletic Committee should meet a
second time, the University of Cali
fornia will send her representatives
to the conference. But arrangements
for the meeting must include the con
sent of Stanford to abide by the de
cision of the conference. This pro
vision desired by the California men
is altogether out of harmony with
both the letter and the spirit of the
Intercollegiate Agreement. That
document provides that the governing
bodies of each college have thirty
days in which to refuse to sanction
the actions taken by their represent
atives on the Intercollegiate Commit
tee. This section means that ratifica
tion of the actions of the joint ath
letic committee is merely tacit, and
such actions have no effect for thirty
days after they are passed.
In other words, the three men sent
by Stanford and California to confer
with each other are delegates, and
have no authority to make binding
agreements without the sanction of
the executive committees of their
respective universities.
