# Adv. 3 Page 2
## 
### 
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is :J p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is :J p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is :J p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is :J p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is :J p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is :J p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is :J p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is :J p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is :J p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is :J p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is :J p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is :J p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is :J p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is :J p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is :J p.m. of the day
before publication.
