# Adv. 6 Page 2
## 
### 
Telephone DA 3-1301 to place a
classified ad. Deadline is 5 p.m.
Telephone DA 3-1301 to place a
classified ad. Deadline is 5 p.m.
Telephone DA 3-1301 to place a
classified ad. Deadline is 5 p.m.
Telephone DA 3-1301 to place a
classified ad. Deadline is 5 p.m.
Telephone DA 3-1301 to place a
classified ad. Deadline is 5 p.m.
Telephone DA 3-1301 to place a
classified ad. Deadline is 5 p.m.
Telephone DA 3-1301 to place a
classified ad. Deadline is 5 p.m.
Telephone DA 3-1301 to place a
classified ad. Deadline is 5 p.m.
Telephone DA 3-1301 to place a
classified ad. Deadline is 5 p.m.
Telephone DA 3-1301 to place a
classified ad. Deadline is 5 p.m.
Telephone DA 3-1301 to place a
classified ad. Deadline is 5 p.m.
Telephone DA 3-1301 to place a
classified ad. Deadline is 5 p.m.
Telephone DA 3-1301 to place a
classified ad. Deadline is 5 p.m.
Telephone DA 3-1301 to place a
classified ad. Deadline is 5 p.m.
Telephone DA 3-1301 to place a
classified ad. Deadline is 5 p.m.
