# IIR, Independents To Give Reception For Iraqi Couple
## 
### 
Mr. and Mrs. Muntaz Al-Umari of
Iraq will speak on "Tensions in the
Middle East" at an informal recep
tion at 4:15 this afternoon in Bow
man Alumni House.
Al-Umari, Director General of the
Ministry of the Interior of Iraq, and
his wife are touring the United
States as guests of the State Depart
ment. He is primarily interested in
the structure and functioning of gov
ernment on all levels and in the per
formance of government services.
Al-Umari visited the United States
briefly in 1947 as a member of the
Iraqi United Nations delegation for
the special session on the Palestine
dispute. He is now a participant in
the foreign leader program of the
International Education Exchange
Service of the U. S. Department of
State.
Mrs. Al-Umari is active in the
Iraq Red Crescent, equivalent to our
Red Cross.
Following the talk there will be a
question-and-answer period, and re
freshments will be served. All stu
dents may attend.
The meeting is sponsored by the
Institute of International Relations
and the Political Union Independ
ents.
