# Turkey Time: No Daily Tomorrow or Friday
## 
### 
Thi' Daily will not be published
tomorrow or Friday because of the
University holiday. Regular pub
lication will be resumed 011 Mon
day.
Thi' Daily will not be published
tomorrow or Friday because of the
University holiday. Regular pub
lication will be resumed 011 Mon
day.
Thi' Daily will not be published
tomorrow or Friday because of the
University holiday. Regular pub
lication will be resumed 011 Mon
day.
Thi' Daily will not be published
tomorrow or Friday because of the
University holiday. Regular pub
lication will be resumed 011 Mon
day.
Thi' Daily will not be published
tomorrow or Friday because of the
University holiday. Regular pub
lication will be resumed 011 Mon
day.
Thi' Daily will not be published
tomorrow or Friday because of the
University holiday. Regular pub
lication will be resumed 011 Mon
day.
Thi' Daily will not be published
tomorrow or Friday because of the
University holiday. Regular pub
lication will be resumed 011 Mon
day.
Thi' Daily will not be published
tomorrow or Friday because of the
University holiday. Regular pub
lication will be resumed 011 Mon
day.
Thi' Daily will not be published
tomorrow or Friday because of the
University holiday. Regular pub
lication will be resumed 011 Mon
day.
Thi' Daily will not be published
tomorrow or Friday because of the
University holiday. Regular pub
lication will be resumed 011 Mon
day.
Thi' Daily will not be published
tomorrow or Friday because of the
University holiday. Regular pub
lication will be resumed 011 Mon
day.
Thi' Daily will not be published
tomorrow or Friday because of the
University holiday. Regular pub
lication will be resumed 011 Mon
day.
Thi' Daily will not be published
tomorrow or Friday because of the
University holiday. Regular pub
lication will be resumed 011 Mon
day.
Thi' Daily will not be published
tomorrow or Friday because of the
University holiday. Regular pub
lication will be resumed 011 Mon
day.
Thi' Daily will not be published
tomorrow or Friday because of the
University holiday. Regular pub
lication will be resumed 011 Mon
day.
