# Quad Photos
## 
### 
The Quad will take individual pic
tures of the members of Phi Sigma
Kiippa, Theta Xi, Sigma Chi, Delta
Tuu Delta, Alpha Sigma Phi, Alpha
Delta Phi, Zeta Psi and Kappa Sigma
on Monday, from 9 a.m. to noon and
from 1 to 5 p.m.
On Tuesday, Alpha Sigma Phi,
Alpha Delta Phi, Zeta Psi and Kappa
Sigma photos will end and on Wed
nesday photographers will finish
taking photos of Phi Sigma Kappa,
Theta Xi, Sigma Chi and Delta Tau
Delta.
Men are requested to wear a coat
and tie.
The Quad will take individual pic
tures of the members of Phi Sigma
Kiippa, Theta Xi, Sigma Chi, Delta
Tuu Delta, Alpha Sigma Phi, Alpha
Delta Phi, Zeta Psi and Kappa Sigma
on Monday, from 9 a.m. to noon and
from 1 to 5 p.m.
On Tuesday, Alpha Sigma Phi,
Alpha Delta Phi, Zeta Psi and Kappa
Sigma photos will end and on Wed
nesday photographers will finish
taking photos of Phi Sigma Kappa,
Theta Xi, Sigma Chi and Delta Tau
Delta.
Men are requested to wear a coat
and tie.
The Quad will take individual pic
tures of the members of Phi Sigma
Kiippa, Theta Xi, Sigma Chi, Delta
Tuu Delta, Alpha Sigma Phi, Alpha
Delta Phi, Zeta Psi and Kappa Sigma
on Monday, from 9 a.m. to noon and
from 1 to 5 p.m.
On Tuesday, Alpha Sigma Phi,
Alpha Delta Phi, Zeta Psi and Kappa
Sigma photos will end and on Wed
nesday photographers will finish
taking photos of Phi Sigma Kappa,
Theta Xi, Sigma Chi and Delta Tau
Delta.
Men are requested to wear a coat
and tie.
The Quad will take individual pic
tures of the members of Phi Sigma
Kiippa, Theta Xi, Sigma Chi, Delta
Tuu Delta, Alpha Sigma Phi, Alpha
Delta Phi, Zeta Psi and Kappa Sigma
on Monday, from 9 a.m. to noon and
from 1 to 5 p.m.
On Tuesday, Alpha Sigma Phi,
Alpha Delta Phi, Zeta Psi and Kappa
Sigma photos will end and on Wed
nesday photographers will finish
taking photos of Phi Sigma Kappa,
Theta Xi, Sigma Chi and Delta Tau
Delta.
Men are requested to wear a coat
and tie.
The Quad will take individual pic
tures of the members of Phi Sigma
Kiippa, Theta Xi, Sigma Chi, Delta
Tuu Delta, Alpha Sigma Phi, Alpha
Delta Phi, Zeta Psi and Kappa Sigma
on Monday, from 9 a.m. to noon and
from 1 to 5 p.m.
On Tuesday, Alpha Sigma Phi,
Alpha Delta Phi, Zeta Psi and Kappa
Sigma photos will end and on Wed
nesday photographers will finish
taking photos of Phi Sigma Kappa,
Theta Xi, Sigma Chi and Delta Tau
Delta.
Men are requested to wear a coat
and tie.
The Quad will take individual pic
tures of the members of Phi Sigma
Kiippa, Theta Xi, Sigma Chi, Delta
Tuu Delta, Alpha Sigma Phi, Alpha
Delta Phi, Zeta Psi and Kappa Sigma
on Monday, from 9 a.m. to noon and
from 1 to 5 p.m.
On Tuesday, Alpha Sigma Phi,
Alpha Delta Phi, Zeta Psi and Kappa
Sigma photos will end and on Wed
nesday photographers will finish
taking photos of Phi Sigma Kappa,
Theta Xi, Sigma Chi and Delta Tau
Delta.
Men are requested to wear a coat
and tie.
The Quad will take individual pic
tures of the members of Phi Sigma
Kiippa, Theta Xi, Sigma Chi, Delta
Tuu Delta, Alpha Sigma Phi, Alpha
Delta Phi, Zeta Psi and Kappa Sigma
on Monday, from 9 a.m. to noon and
from 1 to 5 p.m.
On Tuesday, Alpha Sigma Phi,
Alpha Delta Phi, Zeta Psi and Kappa
Sigma photos will end and on Wed
nesday photographers will finish
taking photos of Phi Sigma Kappa,
Theta Xi, Sigma Chi and Delta Tau
Delta.
Men are requested to wear a coat
and tie.
The Quad will take individual pic
tures of the members of Phi Sigma
Kiippa, Theta Xi, Sigma Chi, Delta
Tuu Delta, Alpha Sigma Phi, Alpha
Delta Phi, Zeta Psi and Kappa Sigma
on Monday, from 9 a.m. to noon and
from 1 to 5 p.m.
On Tuesday, Alpha Sigma Phi,
Alpha Delta Phi, Zeta Psi and Kappa
Sigma photos will end and on Wed
nesday photographers will finish
taking photos of Phi Sigma Kappa,
Theta Xi, Sigma Chi and Delta Tau
Delta.
Men are requested to wear a coat
and tie.
The Quad will take individual pic
tures of the members of Phi Sigma
Kiippa, Theta Xi, Sigma Chi, Delta
Tuu Delta, Alpha Sigma Phi, Alpha
Delta Phi, Zeta Psi and Kappa Sigma
on Monday, from 9 a.m. to noon and
from 1 to 5 p.m.
On Tuesday, Alpha Sigma Phi,
Alpha Delta Phi, Zeta Psi and Kappa
Sigma photos will end and on Wed
nesday photographers will finish
taking photos of Phi Sigma Kappa,
Theta Xi, Sigma Chi and Delta Tau
Delta.
Men are requested to wear a coat
and tie.
The Quad will take individual pic
tures of the members of Phi Sigma
Kiippa, Theta Xi, Sigma Chi, Delta
Tuu Delta, Alpha Sigma Phi, Alpha
Delta Phi, Zeta Psi and Kappa Sigma
on Monday, from 9 a.m. to noon and
from 1 to 5 p.m.
On Tuesday, Alpha Sigma Phi,
Alpha Delta Phi, Zeta Psi and Kappa
Sigma photos will end and on Wed
nesday photographers will finish
taking photos of Phi Sigma Kappa,
Theta Xi, Sigma Chi and Delta Tau
Delta.
Men are requested to wear a coat
and tie.
The Quad will take individual pic
tures of the members of Phi Sigma
Kiippa, Theta Xi, Sigma Chi, Delta
Tuu Delta, Alpha Sigma Phi, Alpha
Delta Phi, Zeta Psi and Kappa Sigma
on Monday, from 9 a.m. to noon and
from 1 to 5 p.m.
On Tuesday, Alpha Sigma Phi,
Alpha Delta Phi, Zeta Psi and Kappa
Sigma photos will end and on Wed
nesday photographers will finish
taking photos of Phi Sigma Kappa,
Theta Xi, Sigma Chi and Delta Tau
Delta.
Men are requested to wear a coat
and tie.
The Quad will take individual pic
tures of the members of Phi Sigma
Kiippa, Theta Xi, Sigma Chi, Delta
Tuu Delta, Alpha Sigma Phi, Alpha
Delta Phi, Zeta Psi and Kappa Sigma
on Monday, from 9 a.m. to noon and
from 1 to 5 p.m.
On Tuesday, Alpha Sigma Phi,
Alpha Delta Phi, Zeta Psi and Kappa
Sigma photos will end and on Wed
nesday photographers will finish
taking photos of Phi Sigma Kappa,
Theta Xi, Sigma Chi and Delta Tau
Delta.
Men are requested to wear a coat
and tie.
The Quad will take individual pic
tures of the members of Phi Sigma
Kiippa, Theta Xi, Sigma Chi, Delta
Tuu Delta, Alpha Sigma Phi, Alpha
Delta Phi, Zeta Psi and Kappa Sigma
on Monday, from 9 a.m. to noon and
from 1 to 5 p.m.
On Tuesday, Alpha Sigma Phi,
Alpha Delta Phi, Zeta Psi and Kappa
Sigma photos will end and on Wed
nesday photographers will finish
taking photos of Phi Sigma Kappa,
Theta Xi, Sigma Chi and Delta Tau
Delta.
Men are requested to wear a coat
and tie.
The Quad will take individual pic
tures of the members of Phi Sigma
Kiippa, Theta Xi, Sigma Chi, Delta
Tuu Delta, Alpha Sigma Phi, Alpha
Delta Phi, Zeta Psi and Kappa Sigma
on Monday, from 9 a.m. to noon and
from 1 to 5 p.m.
On Tuesday, Alpha Sigma Phi,
Alpha Delta Phi, Zeta Psi and Kappa
Sigma photos will end and on Wed
nesday photographers will finish
taking photos of Phi Sigma Kappa,
Theta Xi, Sigma Chi and Delta Tau
Delta.
Men are requested to wear a coat
and tie.
The Quad will take individual pic
tures of the members of Phi Sigma
Kiippa, Theta Xi, Sigma Chi, Delta
Tuu Delta, Alpha Sigma Phi, Alpha
Delta Phi, Zeta Psi and Kappa Sigma
on Monday, from 9 a.m. to noon and
from 1 to 5 p.m.
On Tuesday, Alpha Sigma Phi,
Alpha Delta Phi, Zeta Psi and Kappa
Sigma photos will end and on Wed
nesday photographers will finish
taking photos of Phi Sigma Kappa,
Theta Xi, Sigma Chi and Delta Tau
Delta.
Men are requested to wear a coat
and tie.
