# ASSU Legislature Meeting Cancelled
## 
### 
The ASSU Legislature will not
meet tonight for its regular week
ly session. Because of Thursday's
holiday and the lack of urgent
business, the meeting has been
cancelled.
The ASSU Legislature will not
meet tonight for its regular week
ly session. Because of Thursday's
holiday and the lack of urgent
business, the meeting has been
cancelled.
The ASSU Legislature will not
meet tonight for its regular week
ly session. Because of Thursday's
holiday and the lack of urgent
business, the meeting has been
cancelled.
The ASSU Legislature will not
meet tonight for its regular week
ly session. Because of Thursday's
holiday and the lack of urgent
business, the meeting has been
cancelled.
The ASSU Legislature will not
meet tonight for its regular week
ly session. Because of Thursday's
holiday and the lack of urgent
business, the meeting has been
cancelled.
The ASSU Legislature will not
meet tonight for its regular week
ly session. Because of Thursday's
holiday and the lack of urgent
business, the meeting has been
cancelled.
The ASSU Legislature will not
meet tonight for its regular week
ly session. Because of Thursday's
holiday and the lack of urgent
business, the meeting has been
cancelled.
The ASSU Legislature will not
meet tonight for its regular week
ly session. Because of Thursday's
holiday and the lack of urgent
business, the meeting has been
cancelled.
The ASSU Legislature will not
meet tonight for its regular week
ly session. Because of Thursday's
holiday and the lack of urgent
business, the meeting has been
cancelled.
The ASSU Legislature will not
meet tonight for its regular week
ly session. Because of Thursday's
holiday and the lack of urgent
business, the meeting has been
cancelled.
The ASSU Legislature will not
meet tonight for its regular week
ly session. Because of Thursday's
holiday and the lack of urgent
business, the meeting has been
cancelled.
The ASSU Legislature will not
meet tonight for its regular week
ly session. Because of Thursday's
holiday and the lack of urgent
business, the meeting has been
cancelled.
The ASSU Legislature will not
meet tonight for its regular week
ly session. Because of Thursday's
holiday and the lack of urgent
business, the meeting has been
cancelled.
The ASSU Legislature will not
meet tonight for its regular week
ly session. Because of Thursday's
holiday and the lack of urgent
business, the meeting has been
cancelled.
The ASSU Legislature will not
meet tonight for its regular week
ly session. Because of Thursday's
holiday and the lack of urgent
business, the meeting has been
cancelled.
