# SIRO Drive Set For Dead Week
## 
### 
The Stanford International Relief
Organization will conduct its annual
Fall Book and Clothing Drive during
dead week.
Students are urged to donate tech
nical books and old clothing to the
drive, according to Bruno Morelli,
Drive Chairman. All donations will
go to the World University Service.
MorelLi requested that all organi
zations send a representative to a
meeting in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse at 4:15 p.m. on
Monday to plan for the drive.
The Stanford International Relief
Organization will conduct its annual
Fall Book and Clothing Drive during
dead week.
Students are urged to donate tech
nical books and old clothing to the
drive, according to Bruno Morelli,
Drive Chairman. All donations will
go to the World University Service.
MorelLi requested that all organi
zations send a representative to a
meeting in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse at 4:15 p.m. on
Monday to plan for the drive.
The Stanford International Relief
Organization will conduct its annual
Fall Book and Clothing Drive during
dead week.
Students are urged to donate tech
nical books and old clothing to the
drive, according to Bruno Morelli,
Drive Chairman. All donations will
go to the World University Service.
MorelLi requested that all organi
zations send a representative to a
meeting in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse at 4:15 p.m. on
Monday to plan for the drive.
The Stanford International Relief
Organization will conduct its annual
Fall Book and Clothing Drive during
dead week.
Students are urged to donate tech
nical books and old clothing to the
drive, according to Bruno Morelli,
Drive Chairman. All donations will
go to the World University Service.
MorelLi requested that all organi
zations send a representative to a
meeting in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse at 4:15 p.m. on
Monday to plan for the drive.
The Stanford International Relief
Organization will conduct its annual
Fall Book and Clothing Drive during
dead week.
Students are urged to donate tech
nical books and old clothing to the
drive, according to Bruno Morelli,
Drive Chairman. All donations will
go to the World University Service.
MorelLi requested that all organi
zations send a representative to a
meeting in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse at 4:15 p.m. on
Monday to plan for the drive.
The Stanford International Relief
Organization will conduct its annual
Fall Book and Clothing Drive during
dead week.
Students are urged to donate tech
nical books and old clothing to the
drive, according to Bruno Morelli,
Drive Chairman. All donations will
go to the World University Service.
MorelLi requested that all organi
zations send a representative to a
meeting in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse at 4:15 p.m. on
Monday to plan for the drive.
The Stanford International Relief
Organization will conduct its annual
Fall Book and Clothing Drive during
dead week.
Students are urged to donate tech
nical books and old clothing to the
drive, according to Bruno Morelli,
Drive Chairman. All donations will
go to the World University Service.
MorelLi requested that all organi
zations send a representative to a
meeting in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse at 4:15 p.m. on
Monday to plan for the drive.
The Stanford International Relief
Organization will conduct its annual
Fall Book and Clothing Drive during
dead week.
Students are urged to donate tech
nical books and old clothing to the
drive, according to Bruno Morelli,
Drive Chairman. All donations will
go to the World University Service.
MorelLi requested that all organi
zations send a representative to a
meeting in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse at 4:15 p.m. on
Monday to plan for the drive.
The Stanford International Relief
Organization will conduct its annual
Fall Book and Clothing Drive during
dead week.
Students are urged to donate tech
nical books and old clothing to the
drive, according to Bruno Morelli,
Drive Chairman. All donations will
go to the World University Service.
MorelLi requested that all organi
zations send a representative to a
meeting in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse at 4:15 p.m. on
Monday to plan for the drive.
The Stanford International Relief
Organization will conduct its annual
Fall Book and Clothing Drive during
dead week.
Students are urged to donate tech
nical books and old clothing to the
drive, according to Bruno Morelli,
Drive Chairman. All donations will
go to the World University Service.
MorelLi requested that all organi
zations send a representative to a
meeting in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse at 4:15 p.m. on
Monday to plan for the drive.
The Stanford International Relief
Organization will conduct its annual
Fall Book and Clothing Drive during
dead week.
Students are urged to donate tech
nical books and old clothing to the
drive, according to Bruno Morelli,
Drive Chairman. All donations will
go to the World University Service.
MorelLi requested that all organi
zations send a representative to a
meeting in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse at 4:15 p.m. on
Monday to plan for the drive.
The Stanford International Relief
Organization will conduct its annual
Fall Book and Clothing Drive during
dead week.
Students are urged to donate tech
nical books and old clothing to the
drive, according to Bruno Morelli,
Drive Chairman. All donations will
go to the World University Service.
MorelLi requested that all organi
zations send a representative to a
meeting in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse at 4:15 p.m. on
Monday to plan for the drive.
The Stanford International Relief
Organization will conduct its annual
Fall Book and Clothing Drive during
dead week.
Students are urged to donate tech
nical books and old clothing to the
drive, according to Bruno Morelli,
Drive Chairman. All donations will
go to the World University Service.
MorelLi requested that all organi
zations send a representative to a
meeting in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse at 4:15 p.m. on
Monday to plan for the drive.
The Stanford International Relief
Organization will conduct its annual
Fall Book and Clothing Drive during
dead week.
Students are urged to donate tech
nical books and old clothing to the
drive, according to Bruno Morelli,
Drive Chairman. All donations will
go to the World University Service.
MorelLi requested that all organi
zations send a representative to a
meeting in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse at 4:15 p.m. on
Monday to plan for the drive.
The Stanford International Relief
Organization will conduct its annual
Fall Book and Clothing Drive during
dead week.
Students are urged to donate tech
nical books and old clothing to the
drive, according to Bruno Morelli,
Drive Chairman. All donations will
go to the World University Service.
MorelLi requested that all organi
zations send a representative to a
meeting in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse at 4:15 p.m. on
Monday to plan for the drive.
