# INTERCLASS BASEBALL STARTS NEXT TUESDAY
## All Games in Series to Be Played Next Week With Championship Contest on Friday. 
### 
Interclass baseball games will be
played next week starting on Tuesday.
On this day the lower class teams will
clash, while on Thursday the upper
classmen will oppose each other. Fri
day has been set as the date for the
final and deciding game.
With the first intercollegiate game
less than four weeks off. Coach Peters
is anxious to give all his time to the
Varsity and this can only be done af
ter the class games are finished. These
games will be played as customary.
Captains will be chosen by each class
squad and these men will pick their
teams, with the help of Coach Peters.
Varsity men will be eligible, the only
restriction 011 them being that Var
sity pitchers and catchers must play
in some other position than their own.
Interclass baseball games will be
played next week starting on Tuesday.
On this day the lower class teams will
clash, while on Thursday the upper
classmen will oppose each other. Fri
day has been set as the date for the
final and deciding game.
With the first intercollegiate game
less than four weeks off. Coach Peters
is anxious to give all his time to the
Varsity and this can only be done af
ter the class games are finished. These
games will be played as customary.
Captains will be chosen by each class
squad and these men will pick their
teams, with the help of Coach Peters.
Varsity men will be eligible, the only
restriction 011 them being that Var
sity pitchers and catchers must play
in some other position than their own.
Interclass baseball games will be
played next week starting on Tuesday.
On this day the lower class teams will
clash, while on Thursday the upper
classmen will oppose each other. Fri
day has been set as the date for the
final and deciding game.
With the first intercollegiate game
less than four weeks off. Coach Peters
is anxious to give all his time to the
Varsity and this can only be done af
ter the class games are finished. These
games will be played as customary.
Captains will be chosen by each class
squad and these men will pick their
teams, with the help of Coach Peters.
Varsity men will be eligible, the only
restriction 011 them being that Var
sity pitchers and catchers must play
in some other position than their own.
Interclass baseball games will be
played next week starting on Tuesday.
On this day the lower class teams will
clash, while on Thursday the upper
classmen will oppose each other. Fri
day has been set as the date for the
final and deciding game.
With the first intercollegiate game
less than four weeks off. Coach Peters
is anxious to give all his time to the
Varsity and this can only be done af
ter the class games are finished. These
games will be played as customary.
Captains will be chosen by each class
squad and these men will pick their
teams, with the help of Coach Peters.
Varsity men will be eligible, the only
restriction 011 them being that Var
sity pitchers and catchers must play
in some other position than their own.
Interclass baseball games will be
played next week starting on Tuesday.
On this day the lower class teams will
clash, while on Thursday the upper
classmen will oppose each other. Fri
day has been set as the date for the
final and deciding game.
With the first intercollegiate game
less than four weeks off. Coach Peters
is anxious to give all his time to the
Varsity and this can only be done af
ter the class games are finished. These
games will be played as customary.
Captains will be chosen by each class
squad and these men will pick their
teams, with the help of Coach Peters.
Varsity men will be eligible, the only
restriction 011 them being that Var
sity pitchers and catchers must play
in some other position than their own.
Interclass baseball games will be
played next week starting on Tuesday.
On this day the lower class teams will
clash, while on Thursday the upper
classmen will oppose each other. Fri
day has been set as the date for the
final and deciding game.
With the first intercollegiate game
less than four weeks off. Coach Peters
is anxious to give all his time to the
Varsity and this can only be done af
ter the class games are finished. These
games will be played as customary.
Captains will be chosen by each class
squad and these men will pick their
teams, with the help of Coach Peters.
Varsity men will be eligible, the only
restriction 011 them being that Var
sity pitchers and catchers must play
in some other position than their own.
Interclass baseball games will be
played next week starting on Tuesday.
On this day the lower class teams will
clash, while on Thursday the upper
classmen will oppose each other. Fri
day has been set as the date for the
final and deciding game.
With the first intercollegiate game
less than four weeks off. Coach Peters
is anxious to give all his time to the
Varsity and this can only be done af
ter the class games are finished. These
games will be played as customary.
Captains will be chosen by each class
squad and these men will pick their
teams, with the help of Coach Peters.
Varsity men will be eligible, the only
restriction 011 them being that Var
sity pitchers and catchers must play
in some other position than their own.
Interclass baseball games will be
played next week starting on Tuesday.
On this day the lower class teams will
clash, while on Thursday the upper
classmen will oppose each other. Fri
day has been set as the date for the
final and deciding game.
With the first intercollegiate game
less than four weeks off. Coach Peters
is anxious to give all his time to the
Varsity and this can only be done af
ter the class games are finished. These
games will be played as customary.
Captains will be chosen by each class
squad and these men will pick their
teams, with the help of Coach Peters.
Varsity men will be eligible, the only
restriction 011 them being that Var
sity pitchers and catchers must play
in some other position than their own.
Interclass baseball games will be
played next week starting on Tuesday.
On this day the lower class teams will
clash, while on Thursday the upper
classmen will oppose each other. Fri
day has been set as the date for the
final and deciding game.
With the first intercollegiate game
less than four weeks off. Coach Peters
is anxious to give all his time to the
Varsity and this can only be done af
ter the class games are finished. These
games will be played as customary.
Captains will be chosen by each class
squad and these men will pick their
teams, with the help of Coach Peters.
Varsity men will be eligible, the only
restriction 011 them being that Var
sity pitchers and catchers must play
in some other position than their own.
Interclass baseball games will be
played next week starting on Tuesday.
On this day the lower class teams will
clash, while on Thursday the upper
classmen will oppose each other. Fri
day has been set as the date for the
final and deciding game.
With the first intercollegiate game
less than four weeks off. Coach Peters
is anxious to give all his time to the
Varsity and this can only be done af
ter the class games are finished. These
games will be played as customary.
Captains will be chosen by each class
squad and these men will pick their
teams, with the help of Coach Peters.
Varsity men will be eligible, the only
restriction 011 them being that Var
sity pitchers and catchers must play
in some other position than their own.
Interclass baseball games will be
played next week starting on Tuesday.
On this day the lower class teams will
clash, while on Thursday the upper
classmen will oppose each other. Fri
day has been set as the date for the
final and deciding game.
With the first intercollegiate game
less than four weeks off. Coach Peters
is anxious to give all his time to the
Varsity and this can only be done af
ter the class games are finished. These
games will be played as customary.
Captains will be chosen by each class
squad and these men will pick their
teams, with the help of Coach Peters.
Varsity men will be eligible, the only
restriction 011 them being that Var
sity pitchers and catchers must play
in some other position than their own.
Interclass baseball games will be
played next week starting on Tuesday.
On this day the lower class teams will
clash, while on Thursday the upper
classmen will oppose each other. Fri
day has been set as the date for the
final and deciding game.
With the first intercollegiate game
less than four weeks off. Coach Peters
is anxious to give all his time to the
Varsity and this can only be done af
ter the class games are finished. These
games will be played as customary.
Captains will be chosen by each class
squad and these men will pick their
teams, with the help of Coach Peters.
Varsity men will be eligible, the only
restriction 011 them being that Var
sity pitchers and catchers must play
in some other position than their own.
Interclass baseball games will be
played next week starting on Tuesday.
On this day the lower class teams will
clash, while on Thursday the upper
classmen will oppose each other. Fri
day has been set as the date for the
final and deciding game.
With the first intercollegiate game
less than four weeks off. Coach Peters
is anxious to give all his time to the
Varsity and this can only be done af
ter the class games are finished. These
games will be played as customary.
Captains will be chosen by each class
squad and these men will pick their
teams, with the help of Coach Peters.
Varsity men will be eligible, the only
restriction 011 them being that Var
sity pitchers and catchers must play
in some other position than their own.
Interclass baseball games will be
played next week starting on Tuesday.
On this day the lower class teams will
clash, while on Thursday the upper
classmen will oppose each other. Fri
day has been set as the date for the
final and deciding game.
With the first intercollegiate game
less than four weeks off. Coach Peters
is anxious to give all his time to the
Varsity and this can only be done af
ter the class games are finished. These
games will be played as customary.
Captains will be chosen by each class
squad and these men will pick their
teams, with the help of Coach Peters.
Varsity men will be eligible, the only
restriction 011 them being that Var
sity pitchers and catchers must play
in some other position than their own.
