# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The plan for a blue background to
the big "C" has been dropped by the
seniors.
The plan for a blue background to
the big "C" has been dropped by the
seniors.
The plan for a blue background to
the big "C" has been dropped by the
seniors.
The plan for a blue background to
the big "C" has been dropped by the
seniors.
The plan for a blue background to
the big "C" has been dropped by the
seniors.
The plan for a blue background to
the big "C" has been dropped by the
seniors.
The plan for a blue background to
the big "C" has been dropped by the
seniors.
The plan for a blue background to
the big "C" has been dropped by the
seniors.
The plan for a blue background to
the big "C" has been dropped by the
seniors.
The plan for a blue background to
the big "C" has been dropped by the
seniors.
The plan for a blue background to
the big "C" has been dropped by the
seniors.
The plan for a blue background to
the big "C" has been dropped by the
seniors.
The plan for a blue background to
the big "C" has been dropped by the
seniors.
The plan for a blue background to
the big "C" has been dropped by the
seniors.
