# Adv. 27 Page 5
## 
### 
There's a professional
pharmacy quite close
to the campus. At 134
University Avenue —just
across from Wilson's—at
the end of the underpass.
And a fast, free delivery
service to bring prescrip
tions and supplies to you
when you need them
A staff of four registered
pharmacists, too!
UN I VERSITY
PHARMACY
134 University Avenue
(Oppose Wilson's)
There's a professional
pharmacy quite close
to the campus. At 134
University Avenue —just
across from Wilson's—at
the end of the underpass.
And a fast, free delivery
service to bring prescrip
tions and supplies to you
when you need them
A staff of four registered
pharmacists, too!
UN I VERSITY
PHARMACY
134 University Avenue
(Oppose Wilson's)
There's a professional
pharmacy quite close
to the campus. At 134
University Avenue —just
across from Wilson's—at
the end of the underpass.
And a fast, free delivery
service to bring prescrip
tions and supplies to you
when you need them
A staff of four registered
pharmacists, too!
UN I VERSITY
PHARMACY
134 University Avenue
(Oppose Wilson's)
There's a professional
pharmacy quite close
to the campus. At 134
University Avenue —just
across from Wilson's—at
the end of the underpass.
And a fast, free delivery
service to bring prescrip
tions and supplies to you
when you need them
A staff of four registered
pharmacists, too!
UN I VERSITY
PHARMACY
134 University Avenue
(Oppose Wilson's)
There's a professional
pharmacy quite close
to the campus. At 134
University Avenue —just
across from Wilson's—at
the end of the underpass.
And a fast, free delivery
service to bring prescrip
tions and supplies to you
when you need them
A staff of four registered
pharmacists, too!
UN I VERSITY
PHARMACY
134 University Avenue
(Oppose Wilson's)
There's a professional
pharmacy quite close
to the campus. At 134
University Avenue —just
across from Wilson's—at
the end of the underpass.
And a fast, free delivery
service to bring prescrip
tions and supplies to you
when you need them
A staff of four registered
pharmacists, too!
UN I VERSITY
PHARMACY
134 University Avenue
(Oppose Wilson's)
There's a professional
pharmacy quite close
to the campus. At 134
University Avenue —just
across from Wilson's—at
the end of the underpass.
And a fast, free delivery
service to bring prescrip
tions and supplies to you
when you need them
A staff of four registered
pharmacists, too!
UN I VERSITY
PHARMACY
134 University Avenue
(Oppose Wilson's)
There's a professional
pharmacy quite close
to the campus. At 134
University Avenue —just
across from Wilson's—at
the end of the underpass.
And a fast, free delivery
service to bring prescrip
tions and supplies to you
when you need them
A staff of four registered
pharmacists, too!
UN I VERSITY
PHARMACY
134 University Avenue
(Oppose Wilson's)
There's a professional
pharmacy quite close
to the campus. At 134
University Avenue —just
across from Wilson's—at
the end of the underpass.
And a fast, free delivery
service to bring prescrip
tions and supplies to you
when you need them
A staff of four registered
pharmacists, too!
UN I VERSITY
PHARMACY
134 University Avenue
(Oppose Wilson's)
There's a professional
pharmacy quite close
to the campus. At 134
University Avenue —just
across from Wilson's—at
the end of the underpass.
And a fast, free delivery
service to bring prescrip
tions and supplies to you
when you need them
A staff of four registered
pharmacists, too!
UN I VERSITY
PHARMACY
134 University Avenue
(Oppose Wilson's)
There's a professional
pharmacy quite close
to the campus. At 134
University Avenue —just
across from Wilson's—at
the end of the underpass.
And a fast, free delivery
service to bring prescrip
tions and supplies to you
when you need them
A staff of four registered
pharmacists, too!
UN I VERSITY
PHARMACY
134 University Avenue
(Oppose Wilson's)
There's a professional
pharmacy quite close
to the campus. At 134
University Avenue —just
across from Wilson's—at
the end of the underpass.
And a fast, free delivery
service to bring prescrip
tions and supplies to you
when you need them
A staff of four registered
pharmacists, too!
UN I VERSITY
PHARMACY
134 University Avenue
(Oppose Wilson's)
There's a professional
pharmacy quite close
to the campus. At 134
University Avenue —just
across from Wilson's—at
the end of the underpass.
And a fast, free delivery
service to bring prescrip
tions and supplies to you
when you need them
A staff of four registered
pharmacists, too!
UN I VERSITY
PHARMACY
134 University Avenue
(Oppose Wilson's)
There's a professional
pharmacy quite close
to the campus. At 134
University Avenue —just
across from Wilson's—at
the end of the underpass.
And a fast, free delivery
service to bring prescrip
tions and supplies to you
when you need them
A staff of four registered
pharmacists, too!
UN I VERSITY
PHARMACY
134 University Avenue
(Oppose Wilson's)
There's a professional
pharmacy quite close
to the campus. At 134
University Avenue —just
across from Wilson's—at
the end of the underpass.
And a fast, free delivery
service to bring prescrip
tions and supplies to you
when you need them
A staff of four registered
pharmacists, too!
UN I VERSITY
PHARMACY
134 University Avenue
(Oppose Wilson's)
There's a professional
pharmacy quite close
to the campus. At 134
University Avenue —just
across from Wilson's—at
the end of the underpass.
And a fast, free delivery
service to bring prescrip
tions and supplies to you
when you need them
A staff of four registered
pharmacists, too!
UN I VERSITY
PHARMACY
134 University Avenue
(Oppose Wilson's)
There's a professional
pharmacy quite close
to the campus. At 134
University Avenue —just
across from Wilson's—at
the end of the underpass.
And a fast, free delivery
service to bring prescrip
tions and supplies to you
when you need them
A staff of four registered
pharmacists, too!
UN I VERSITY
PHARMACY
134 University Avenue
(Oppose Wilson's)
There's a professional
pharmacy quite close
to the campus. At 134
University Avenue —just
across from Wilson's—at
the end of the underpass.
And a fast, free delivery
service to bring prescrip
tions and supplies to you
when you need them
A staff of four registered
pharmacists, too!
UN I VERSITY
PHARMACY
134 University Avenue
(Oppose Wilson's)
