# Adv. 17 Page 4
## 
### 
I'M HEADINC FOR
those
Fountain Lunches
Creamy Milkshakes
Tasty Sundaes Cr Sodas
at the
COLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY P.A. 8431
I'M HEADINC FOR
those
Fountain Lunches
Creamy Milkshakes
Tasty Sundaes Cr Sodas
at the
COLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY P.A. 8431
I'M HEADINC FOR
those
Fountain Lunches
Creamy Milkshakes
Tasty Sundaes Cr Sodas
at the
COLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY P.A. 8431
I'M HEADINC FOR
those
Fountain Lunches
Creamy Milkshakes
Tasty Sundaes Cr Sodas
at the
COLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY P.A. 8431
I'M HEADINC FOR
those
Fountain Lunches
Creamy Milkshakes
Tasty Sundaes Cr Sodas
at the
COLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY P.A. 8431
I'M HEADINC FOR
those
Fountain Lunches
Creamy Milkshakes
Tasty Sundaes Cr Sodas
at the
COLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY P.A. 8431
I'M HEADINC FOR
those
Fountain Lunches
Creamy Milkshakes
Tasty Sundaes Cr Sodas
at the
COLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY P.A. 8431
I'M HEADINC FOR
those
Fountain Lunches
Creamy Milkshakes
Tasty Sundaes Cr Sodas
at the
COLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY P.A. 8431
I'M HEADINC FOR
those
Fountain Lunches
Creamy Milkshakes
Tasty Sundaes Cr Sodas
at the
COLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY P.A. 8431
I'M HEADINC FOR
those
Fountain Lunches
Creamy Milkshakes
Tasty Sundaes Cr Sodas
at the
COLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY P.A. 8431
I'M HEADINC FOR
those
Fountain Lunches
Creamy Milkshakes
Tasty Sundaes Cr Sodas
at the
COLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY P.A. 8431
I'M HEADINC FOR
those
Fountain Lunches
Creamy Milkshakes
Tasty Sundaes Cr Sodas
at the
COLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY P.A. 8431
I'M HEADINC FOR
those
Fountain Lunches
Creamy Milkshakes
Tasty Sundaes Cr Sodas
at the
COLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY P.A. 8431
I'M HEADINC FOR
those
Fountain Lunches
Creamy Milkshakes
Tasty Sundaes Cr Sodas
at the
COLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY P.A. 8431
I'M HEADINC FOR
those
Fountain Lunches
Creamy Milkshakes
Tasty Sundaes Cr Sodas
at the
COLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY P.A. 8431
I'M HEADINC FOR
those
Fountain Lunches
Creamy Milkshakes
Tasty Sundaes Cr Sodas
at the
COLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY P.A. 8431
I'M HEADINC FOR
those
Fountain Lunches
Creamy Milkshakes
Tasty Sundaes Cr Sodas
at the
COLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY P.A. 8431
I'M HEADINC FOR
those
Fountain Lunches
Creamy Milkshakes
Tasty Sundaes Cr Sodas
at the
COLD SEAL
CREAMERY
423 UNIVERSITY P.A. 8431
