# Frosh Splashers Down Sequoia High
## 
### 
Stanford's freshman water polo
squad avenged a previous defeat by
Sequoia High when they outswam
the Sequoians 9 to 4 yesterday af
ternoon.
Starting line-up for Stanford in
cluded Jim Noble, goalie; Dick Nar
ver, sprint; A1 Weeden, forward;
Willard Bell, forward; Hank Sal
tonstall, center-back; Pete Hath,
guard; and Sandy Wilkinson, guard.
Stanford's freshman water polo
squad avenged a previous defeat by
Sequoia High when they outswam
the Sequoians 9 to 4 yesterday af
ternoon.
Starting line-up for Stanford in
cluded Jim Noble, goalie; Dick Nar
ver, sprint; A1 Weeden, forward;
Willard Bell, forward; Hank Sal
tonstall, center-back; Pete Hath,
guard; and Sandy Wilkinson, guard.
Stanford's freshman water polo
squad avenged a previous defeat by
Sequoia High when they outswam
the Sequoians 9 to 4 yesterday af
ternoon.
Starting line-up for Stanford in
cluded Jim Noble, goalie; Dick Nar
ver, sprint; A1 Weeden, forward;
Willard Bell, forward; Hank Sal
tonstall, center-back; Pete Hath,
guard; and Sandy Wilkinson, guard.
Stanford's freshman water polo
squad avenged a previous defeat by
Sequoia High when they outswam
the Sequoians 9 to 4 yesterday af
ternoon.
Starting line-up for Stanford in
cluded Jim Noble, goalie; Dick Nar
ver, sprint; A1 Weeden, forward;
Willard Bell, forward; Hank Sal
tonstall, center-back; Pete Hath,
guard; and Sandy Wilkinson, guard.
Stanford's freshman water polo
squad avenged a previous defeat by
Sequoia High when they outswam
the Sequoians 9 to 4 yesterday af
ternoon.
Starting line-up for Stanford in
cluded Jim Noble, goalie; Dick Nar
ver, sprint; A1 Weeden, forward;
Willard Bell, forward; Hank Sal
tonstall, center-back; Pete Hath,
guard; and Sandy Wilkinson, guard.
Stanford's freshman water polo
squad avenged a previous defeat by
Sequoia High when they outswam
the Sequoians 9 to 4 yesterday af
ternoon.
Starting line-up for Stanford in
cluded Jim Noble, goalie; Dick Nar
ver, sprint; A1 Weeden, forward;
Willard Bell, forward; Hank Sal
tonstall, center-back; Pete Hath,
guard; and Sandy Wilkinson, guard.
Stanford's freshman water polo
squad avenged a previous defeat by
Sequoia High when they outswam
the Sequoians 9 to 4 yesterday af
ternoon.
Starting line-up for Stanford in
cluded Jim Noble, goalie; Dick Nar
ver, sprint; A1 Weeden, forward;
Willard Bell, forward; Hank Sal
tonstall, center-back; Pete Hath,
guard; and Sandy Wilkinson, guard.
Stanford's freshman water polo
squad avenged a previous defeat by
Sequoia High when they outswam
the Sequoians 9 to 4 yesterday af
ternoon.
Starting line-up for Stanford in
cluded Jim Noble, goalie; Dick Nar
ver, sprint; A1 Weeden, forward;
Willard Bell, forward; Hank Sal
tonstall, center-back; Pete Hath,
guard; and Sandy Wilkinson, guard.
Stanford's freshman water polo
squad avenged a previous defeat by
Sequoia High when they outswam
the Sequoians 9 to 4 yesterday af
ternoon.
Starting line-up for Stanford in
cluded Jim Noble, goalie; Dick Nar
ver, sprint; A1 Weeden, forward;
Willard Bell, forward; Hank Sal
tonstall, center-back; Pete Hath,
guard; and Sandy Wilkinson, guard.
Stanford's freshman water polo
squad avenged a previous defeat by
Sequoia High when they outswam
the Sequoians 9 to 4 yesterday af
ternoon.
Starting line-up for Stanford in
cluded Jim Noble, goalie; Dick Nar
ver, sprint; A1 Weeden, forward;
Willard Bell, forward; Hank Sal
tonstall, center-back; Pete Hath,
guard; and Sandy Wilkinson, guard.
Stanford's freshman water polo
squad avenged a previous defeat by
Sequoia High when they outswam
the Sequoians 9 to 4 yesterday af
ternoon.
Starting line-up for Stanford in
cluded Jim Noble, goalie; Dick Nar
ver, sprint; A1 Weeden, forward;
Willard Bell, forward; Hank Sal
tonstall, center-back; Pete Hath,
guard; and Sandy Wilkinson, guard.
Stanford's freshman water polo
squad avenged a previous defeat by
Sequoia High when they outswam
the Sequoians 9 to 4 yesterday af
ternoon.
Starting line-up for Stanford in
cluded Jim Noble, goalie; Dick Nar
ver, sprint; A1 Weeden, forward;
Willard Bell, forward; Hank Sal
tonstall, center-back; Pete Hath,
guard; and Sandy Wilkinson, guard.
Stanford's freshman water polo
squad avenged a previous defeat by
Sequoia High when they outswam
the Sequoians 9 to 4 yesterday af
ternoon.
Starting line-up for Stanford in
cluded Jim Noble, goalie; Dick Nar
ver, sprint; A1 Weeden, forward;
Willard Bell, forward; Hank Sal
tonstall, center-back; Pete Hath,
guard; and Sandy Wilkinson, guard.
Stanford's freshman water polo
squad avenged a previous defeat by
Sequoia High when they outswam
the Sequoians 9 to 4 yesterday af
ternoon.
Starting line-up for Stanford in
cluded Jim Noble, goalie; Dick Nar
ver, sprint; A1 Weeden, forward;
Willard Bell, forward; Hank Sal
tonstall, center-back; Pete Hath,
guard; and Sandy Wilkinson, guard.
Stanford's freshman water polo
squad avenged a previous defeat by
Sequoia High when they outswam
the Sequoians 9 to 4 yesterday af
ternoon.
Starting line-up for Stanford in
cluded Jim Noble, goalie; Dick Nar
ver, sprint; A1 Weeden, forward;
Willard Bell, forward; Hank Sal
tonstall, center-back; Pete Hath,
guard; and Sandy Wilkinson, guard.
Stanford's freshman water polo
squad avenged a previous defeat by
Sequoia High when they outswam
the Sequoians 9 to 4 yesterday af
ternoon.
Starting line-up for Stanford in
cluded Jim Noble, goalie; Dick Nar
ver, sprint; A1 Weeden, forward;
Willard Bell, forward; Hank Sal
tonstall, center-back; Pete Hath,
guard; and Sandy Wilkinson, guard.
Stanford's freshman water polo
squad avenged a previous defeat by
Sequoia High when they outswam
the Sequoians 9 to 4 yesterday af
ternoon.
Starting line-up for Stanford in
cluded Jim Noble, goalie; Dick Nar
ver, sprint; A1 Weeden, forward;
Willard Bell, forward; Hank Sal
tonstall, center-back; Pete Hath,
guard; and Sandy Wilkinson, guard.
Stanford's freshman water polo
squad avenged a previous defeat by
Sequoia High when they outswam
the Sequoians 9 to 4 yesterday af
ternoon.
Starting line-up for Stanford in
cluded Jim Noble, goalie; Dick Nar
ver, sprint; A1 Weeden, forward;
Willard Bell, forward; Hank Sal
tonstall, center-back; Pete Hath,
guard; and Sandy Wilkinson, guard.
