# KIMBROUGH TO MARRY
## 
### 
NEW YORK, Oct. 23 (UP) -John
Kimbrough, former All. - American
football star from Texas A. & M.,
now playing professionally with the
New York Americans, announced to
night that he will be married to
Barbara Golding of Houston, Tex.,
on Monday.
NEW YORK, Oct. 23 (UP) -John
Kimbrough, former All. - American
football star from Texas A. & M.,
now playing professionally with the
New York Americans, announced to
night that he will be married to
Barbara Golding of Houston, Tex.,
on Monday.
NEW YORK, Oct. 23 (UP) -John
Kimbrough, former All. - American
football star from Texas A. & M.,
now playing professionally with the
New York Americans, announced to
night that he will be married to
Barbara Golding of Houston, Tex.,
on Monday.
NEW YORK, Oct. 23 (UP) -John
Kimbrough, former All. - American
football star from Texas A. & M.,
now playing professionally with the
New York Americans, announced to
night that he will be married to
Barbara Golding of Houston, Tex.,
on Monday.
NEW YORK, Oct. 23 (UP) -John
Kimbrough, former All. - American
football star from Texas A. & M.,
now playing professionally with the
New York Americans, announced to
night that he will be married to
Barbara Golding of Houston, Tex.,
on Monday.
NEW YORK, Oct. 23 (UP) -John
Kimbrough, former All. - American
football star from Texas A. & M.,
now playing professionally with the
New York Americans, announced to
night that he will be married to
Barbara Golding of Houston, Tex.,
on Monday.
NEW YORK, Oct. 23 (UP) -John
Kimbrough, former All. - American
football star from Texas A. & M.,
now playing professionally with the
New York Americans, announced to
night that he will be married to
Barbara Golding of Houston, Tex.,
on Monday.
NEW YORK, Oct. 23 (UP) -John
Kimbrough, former All. - American
football star from Texas A. & M.,
now playing professionally with the
New York Americans, announced to
night that he will be married to
Barbara Golding of Houston, Tex.,
on Monday.
NEW YORK, Oct. 23 (UP) -John
Kimbrough, former All. - American
football star from Texas A. & M.,
now playing professionally with the
New York Americans, announced to
night that he will be married to
Barbara Golding of Houston, Tex.,
on Monday.
NEW YORK, Oct. 23 (UP) -John
Kimbrough, former All. - American
football star from Texas A. & M.,
now playing professionally with the
New York Americans, announced to
night that he will be married to
Barbara Golding of Houston, Tex.,
on Monday.
NEW YORK, Oct. 23 (UP) -John
Kimbrough, former All. - American
football star from Texas A. & M.,
now playing professionally with the
New York Americans, announced to
night that he will be married to
Barbara Golding of Houston, Tex.,
on Monday.
NEW YORK, Oct. 23 (UP) -John
Kimbrough, former All. - American
football star from Texas A. & M.,
now playing professionally with the
New York Americans, announced to
night that he will be married to
Barbara Golding of Houston, Tex.,
on Monday.
NEW YORK, Oct. 23 (UP) -John
Kimbrough, former All. - American
football star from Texas A. & M.,
now playing professionally with the
New York Americans, announced to
night that he will be married to
Barbara Golding of Houston, Tex.,
on Monday.
NEW YORK, Oct. 23 (UP) -John
Kimbrough, former All. - American
football star from Texas A. & M.,
now playing professionally with the
New York Americans, announced to
night that he will be married to
Barbara Golding of Houston, Tex.,
on Monday.
NEW YORK, Oct. 23 (UP) -John
Kimbrough, former All. - American
football star from Texas A. & M.,
now playing professionally with the
New York Americans, announced to
night that he will be married to
Barbara Golding of Houston, Tex.,
on Monday.
NEW YORK, Oct. 23 (UP) -John
Kimbrough, former All. - American
football star from Texas A. & M.,
now playing professionally with the
New York Americans, announced to
night that he will be married to
Barbara Golding of Houston, Tex.,
on Monday.
NEW YORK, Oct. 23 (UP) -John
Kimbrough, former All. - American
football star from Texas A. & M.,
now playing professionally with the
New York Americans, announced to
night that he will be married to
Barbara Golding of Houston, Tex.,
on Monday.
NEW YORK, Oct. 23 (UP) -John
Kimbrough, former All. - American
football star from Texas A. & M.,
now playing professionally with the
New York Americans, announced to
night that he will be married to
Barbara Golding of Houston, Tex.,
on Monday.
