# HOMER FOR DI MAGGIO
## 
### 
NEW YORK, Oct. 23 (UP).—Joe
DiMaggio, New York Yankees out
fielder, announced today that his
wife gave birth to a boy weighing
7 pounds 11 ounces at Doctors' Hos
pital.
NEW YORK, Oct. 23 (UP).—Joe
DiMaggio, New York Yankees out
fielder, announced today that his
wife gave birth to a boy weighing
7 pounds 11 ounces at Doctors' Hos
pital.
NEW YORK, Oct. 23 (UP).—Joe
DiMaggio, New York Yankees out
fielder, announced today that his
wife gave birth to a boy weighing
7 pounds 11 ounces at Doctors' Hos
pital.
NEW YORK, Oct. 23 (UP).—Joe
DiMaggio, New York Yankees out
fielder, announced today that his
wife gave birth to a boy weighing
7 pounds 11 ounces at Doctors' Hos
pital.
NEW YORK, Oct. 23 (UP).—Joe
DiMaggio, New York Yankees out
fielder, announced today that his
wife gave birth to a boy weighing
7 pounds 11 ounces at Doctors' Hos
pital.
NEW YORK, Oct. 23 (UP).—Joe
DiMaggio, New York Yankees out
fielder, announced today that his
wife gave birth to a boy weighing
7 pounds 11 ounces at Doctors' Hos
pital.
NEW YORK, Oct. 23 (UP).—Joe
DiMaggio, New York Yankees out
fielder, announced today that his
wife gave birth to a boy weighing
7 pounds 11 ounces at Doctors' Hos
pital.
NEW YORK, Oct. 23 (UP).—Joe
DiMaggio, New York Yankees out
fielder, announced today that his
wife gave birth to a boy weighing
7 pounds 11 ounces at Doctors' Hos
pital.
NEW YORK, Oct. 23 (UP).—Joe
DiMaggio, New York Yankees out
fielder, announced today that his
wife gave birth to a boy weighing
7 pounds 11 ounces at Doctors' Hos
pital.
NEW YORK, Oct. 23 (UP).—Joe
DiMaggio, New York Yankees out
fielder, announced today that his
wife gave birth to a boy weighing
7 pounds 11 ounces at Doctors' Hos
pital.
NEW YORK, Oct. 23 (UP).—Joe
DiMaggio, New York Yankees out
fielder, announced today that his
wife gave birth to a boy weighing
7 pounds 11 ounces at Doctors' Hos
pital.
NEW YORK, Oct. 23 (UP).—Joe
DiMaggio, New York Yankees out
fielder, announced today that his
wife gave birth to a boy weighing
7 pounds 11 ounces at Doctors' Hos
pital.
NEW YORK, Oct. 23 (UP).—Joe
DiMaggio, New York Yankees out
fielder, announced today that his
wife gave birth to a boy weighing
7 pounds 11 ounces at Doctors' Hos
pital.
NEW YORK, Oct. 23 (UP).—Joe
DiMaggio, New York Yankees out
fielder, announced today that his
wife gave birth to a boy weighing
7 pounds 11 ounces at Doctors' Hos
pital.
NEW YORK, Oct. 23 (UP).—Joe
DiMaggio, New York Yankees out
fielder, announced today that his
wife gave birth to a boy weighing
7 pounds 11 ounces at Doctors' Hos
pital.
NEW YORK, Oct. 23 (UP).—Joe
DiMaggio, New York Yankees out
fielder, announced today that his
wife gave birth to a boy weighing
7 pounds 11 ounces at Doctors' Hos
pital.
NEW YORK, Oct. 23 (UP).—Joe
DiMaggio, New York Yankees out
fielder, announced today that his
wife gave birth to a boy weighing
7 pounds 11 ounces at Doctors' Hos
pital.
NEW YORK, Oct. 23 (UP).—Joe
DiMaggio, New York Yankees out
fielder, announced today that his
wife gave birth to a boy weighing
7 pounds 11 ounces at Doctors' Hos
pital.
