# Essayists to Vie For History Prize
## 
### 
With a first prize of $100 offered
by the Colonial Dames, Stanford's
history department announces the
opening of its annual American his
tory essay contest.
The essay, which must be written
during the present academic year,
should have some phase of American
history as a topic. The contcst is
open to all undergraduates.
Students are invited to select their
own subjects according to their in
terests. They must, however, con
sult with one of the members of the
committee in charge of the contest
and obtain his approval of the sub
ject before writing. The essays
should not exceed ten thousand
words and five thousand will be
considered adequate, sincc the com
mittee prefers quality to quantity.
The closing date for the submission
of essays is next March 3, and the
winner of the award will be an
nounced by the end of winter quar
ter.
With a first prize of $100 offered
by the Colonial Dames, Stanford's
history department announces the
opening of its annual American his
tory essay contest.
The essay, which must be written
during the present academic year,
should have some phase of American
history as a topic. The contcst is
open to all undergraduates.
Students are invited to select their
own subjects according to their in
terests. They must, however, con
sult with one of the members of the
committee in charge of the contest
and obtain his approval of the sub
ject before writing. The essays
should not exceed ten thousand
words and five thousand will be
considered adequate, sincc the com
mittee prefers quality to quantity.
The closing date for the submission
of essays is next March 3, and the
winner of the award will be an
nounced by the end of winter quar
ter.
With a first prize of $100 offered
by the Colonial Dames, Stanford's
history department announces the
opening of its annual American his
tory essay contest.
The essay, which must be written
during the present academic year,
should have some phase of American
history as a topic. The contcst is
open to all undergraduates.
Students are invited to select their
own subjects according to their in
terests. They must, however, con
sult with one of the members of the
committee in charge of the contest
and obtain his approval of the sub
ject before writing. The essays
should not exceed ten thousand
words and five thousand will be
considered adequate, sincc the com
mittee prefers quality to quantity.
The closing date for the submission
of essays is next March 3, and the
winner of the award will be an
nounced by the end of winter quar
ter.
With a first prize of $100 offered
by the Colonial Dames, Stanford's
history department announces the
opening of its annual American his
tory essay contest.
The essay, which must be written
during the present academic year,
should have some phase of American
history as a topic. The contcst is
open to all undergraduates.
Students are invited to select their
own subjects according to their in
terests. They must, however, con
sult with one of the members of the
committee in charge of the contest
and obtain his approval of the sub
ject before writing. The essays
should not exceed ten thousand
words and five thousand will be
considered adequate, sincc the com
mittee prefers quality to quantity.
The closing date for the submission
of essays is next March 3, and the
winner of the award will be an
nounced by the end of winter quar
ter.
With a first prize of $100 offered
by the Colonial Dames, Stanford's
history department announces the
opening of its annual American his
tory essay contest.
The essay, which must be written
during the present academic year,
should have some phase of American
history as a topic. The contcst is
open to all undergraduates.
Students are invited to select their
own subjects according to their in
terests. They must, however, con
sult with one of the members of the
committee in charge of the contest
and obtain his approval of the sub
ject before writing. The essays
should not exceed ten thousand
words and five thousand will be
considered adequate, sincc the com
mittee prefers quality to quantity.
The closing date for the submission
of essays is next March 3, and the
winner of the award will be an
nounced by the end of winter quar
ter.
With a first prize of $100 offered
by the Colonial Dames, Stanford's
history department announces the
opening of its annual American his
tory essay contest.
The essay, which must be written
during the present academic year,
should have some phase of American
history as a topic. The contcst is
open to all undergraduates.
Students are invited to select their
own subjects according to their in
terests. They must, however, con
sult with one of the members of the
committee in charge of the contest
and obtain his approval of the sub
ject before writing. The essays
should not exceed ten thousand
words and five thousand will be
considered adequate, sincc the com
mittee prefers quality to quantity.
The closing date for the submission
of essays is next March 3, and the
winner of the award will be an
nounced by the end of winter quar
ter.
With a first prize of $100 offered
by the Colonial Dames, Stanford's
history department announces the
opening of its annual American his
tory essay contest.
The essay, which must be written
during the present academic year,
should have some phase of American
history as a topic. The contcst is
open to all undergraduates.
Students are invited to select their
own subjects according to their in
terests. They must, however, con
sult with one of the members of the
committee in charge of the contest
and obtain his approval of the sub
ject before writing. The essays
should not exceed ten thousand
words and five thousand will be
considered adequate, sincc the com
mittee prefers quality to quantity.
The closing date for the submission
of essays is next March 3, and the
winner of the award will be an
nounced by the end of winter quar
ter.
With a first prize of $100 offered
by the Colonial Dames, Stanford's
history department announces the
opening of its annual American his
tory essay contest.
The essay, which must be written
during the present academic year,
should have some phase of American
history as a topic. The contcst is
open to all undergraduates.
Students are invited to select their
own subjects according to their in
terests. They must, however, con
sult with one of the members of the
committee in charge of the contest
and obtain his approval of the sub
ject before writing. The essays
should not exceed ten thousand
words and five thousand will be
considered adequate, sincc the com
mittee prefers quality to quantity.
The closing date for the submission
of essays is next March 3, and the
winner of the award will be an
nounced by the end of winter quar
ter.
With a first prize of $100 offered
by the Colonial Dames, Stanford's
history department announces the
opening of its annual American his
tory essay contest.
The essay, which must be written
during the present academic year,
should have some phase of American
history as a topic. The contcst is
open to all undergraduates.
Students are invited to select their
own subjects according to their in
terests. They must, however, con
sult with one of the members of the
committee in charge of the contest
and obtain his approval of the sub
ject before writing. The essays
should not exceed ten thousand
words and five thousand will be
considered adequate, sincc the com
mittee prefers quality to quantity.
The closing date for the submission
of essays is next March 3, and the
winner of the award will be an
nounced by the end of winter quar
ter.
With a first prize of $100 offered
by the Colonial Dames, Stanford's
history department announces the
opening of its annual American his
tory essay contest.
The essay, which must be written
during the present academic year,
should have some phase of American
history as a topic. The contcst is
open to all undergraduates.
Students are invited to select their
own subjects according to their in
terests. They must, however, con
sult with one of the members of the
committee in charge of the contest
and obtain his approval of the sub
ject before writing. The essays
should not exceed ten thousand
words and five thousand will be
considered adequate, sincc the com
mittee prefers quality to quantity.
The closing date for the submission
of essays is next March 3, and the
winner of the award will be an
nounced by the end of winter quar
ter.
With a first prize of $100 offered
by the Colonial Dames, Stanford's
history department announces the
opening of its annual American his
tory essay contest.
The essay, which must be written
during the present academic year,
should have some phase of American
history as a topic. The contcst is
open to all undergraduates.
Students are invited to select their
own subjects according to their in
terests. They must, however, con
sult with one of the members of the
committee in charge of the contest
and obtain his approval of the sub
ject before writing. The essays
should not exceed ten thousand
words and five thousand will be
considered adequate, sincc the com
mittee prefers quality to quantity.
The closing date for the submission
of essays is next March 3, and the
winner of the award will be an
nounced by the end of winter quar
ter.
With a first prize of $100 offered
by the Colonial Dames, Stanford's
history department announces the
opening of its annual American his
tory essay contest.
The essay, which must be written
during the present academic year,
should have some phase of American
history as a topic. The contcst is
open to all undergraduates.
Students are invited to select their
own subjects according to their in
terests. They must, however, con
sult with one of the members of the
committee in charge of the contest
and obtain his approval of the sub
ject before writing. The essays
should not exceed ten thousand
words and five thousand will be
considered adequate, sincc the com
mittee prefers quality to quantity.
The closing date for the submission
of essays is next March 3, and the
winner of the award will be an
nounced by the end of winter quar
ter.
With a first prize of $100 offered
by the Colonial Dames, Stanford's
history department announces the
opening of its annual American his
tory essay contest.
The essay, which must be written
during the present academic year,
should have some phase of American
history as a topic. The contcst is
open to all undergraduates.
Students are invited to select their
own subjects according to their in
terests. They must, however, con
sult with one of the members of the
committee in charge of the contest
and obtain his approval of the sub
ject before writing. The essays
should not exceed ten thousand
words and five thousand will be
considered adequate, sincc the com
mittee prefers quality to quantity.
The closing date for the submission
of essays is next March 3, and the
winner of the award will be an
nounced by the end of winter quar
ter.
With a first prize of $100 offered
by the Colonial Dames, Stanford's
history department announces the
opening of its annual American his
tory essay contest.
The essay, which must be written
during the present academic year,
should have some phase of American
history as a topic. The contcst is
open to all undergraduates.
Students are invited to select their
own subjects according to their in
terests. They must, however, con
sult with one of the members of the
committee in charge of the contest
and obtain his approval of the sub
ject before writing. The essays
should not exceed ten thousand
words and five thousand will be
considered adequate, sincc the com
mittee prefers quality to quantity.
The closing date for the submission
of essays is next March 3, and the
winner of the award will be an
nounced by the end of winter quar
ter.
With a first prize of $100 offered
by the Colonial Dames, Stanford's
history department announces the
opening of its annual American his
tory essay contest.
The essay, which must be written
during the present academic year,
should have some phase of American
history as a topic. The contcst is
open to all undergraduates.
Students are invited to select their
own subjects according to their in
terests. They must, however, con
sult with one of the members of the
committee in charge of the contest
and obtain his approval of the sub
ject before writing. The essays
should not exceed ten thousand
words and five thousand will be
considered adequate, sincc the com
mittee prefers quality to quantity.
The closing date for the submission
of essays is next March 3, and the
winner of the award will be an
nounced by the end of winter quar
ter.
With a first prize of $100 offered
by the Colonial Dames, Stanford's
history department announces the
opening of its annual American his
tory essay contest.
The essay, which must be written
during the present academic year,
should have some phase of American
history as a topic. The contcst is
open to all undergraduates.
Students are invited to select their
own subjects according to their in
terests. They must, however, con
sult with one of the members of the
committee in charge of the contest
and obtain his approval of the sub
ject before writing. The essays
should not exceed ten thousand
words and five thousand will be
considered adequate, sincc the com
mittee prefers quality to quantity.
The closing date for the submission
of essays is next March 3, and the
winner of the award will be an
nounced by the end of winter quar
ter.
With a first prize of $100 offered
by the Colonial Dames, Stanford's
history department announces the
opening of its annual American his
tory essay contest.
The essay, which must be written
during the present academic year,
should have some phase of American
history as a topic. The contcst is
open to all undergraduates.
Students are invited to select their
own subjects according to their in
terests. They must, however, con
sult with one of the members of the
committee in charge of the contest
and obtain his approval of the sub
ject before writing. The essays
should not exceed ten thousand
words and five thousand will be
considered adequate, sincc the com
mittee prefers quality to quantity.
The closing date for the submission
of essays is next March 3, and the
winner of the award will be an
nounced by the end of winter quar
ter.
With a first prize of $100 offered
by the Colonial Dames, Stanford's
history department announces the
opening of its annual American his
tory essay contest.
The essay, which must be written
during the present academic year,
should have some phase of American
history as a topic. The contcst is
open to all undergraduates.
Students are invited to select their
own subjects according to their in
terests. They must, however, con
sult with one of the members of the
committee in charge of the contest
and obtain his approval of the sub
ject before writing. The essays
should not exceed ten thousand
words and five thousand will be
considered adequate, sincc the com
mittee prefers quality to quantity.
The closing date for the submission
of essays is next March 3, and the
winner of the award will be an
nounced by the end of winter quar
ter.
