# FEMININE DEMOCRACY?
## 
### 
Just and timely criticism lias been
flung at the existing system or prac
tice of self-government, which sways
arbitrarily the destinies of the Five
hundred. Evidently by a strange evo
lutionary process, the Conference,
supposedly the sole legislative body,
has found its powers usurped by a
Council constituted nominally for dis
cipline. When the passage of several
petty regulations met the undisguised
disfavor of the general mass of Stan
ford women, efforts were immediately
made to re-organize the present fem
inine constitution for an administra
tion that might truthfully be titled
self-government rather than an autoc
racy.
* * * ♦
Individuals protesting against the
closed corporation condition of affairs,
warmly advocated the adoption of a
constitution similar to that instituted
by the men at the close of last se
mester. Thereby the Conference
would enjoy absolute legislative func
tions, a body representing each living
group rather than an irresponsible
department. In turn the Council,
chosen by the Conference from its own
membership, might act merely in
cases of discipline—not as a censor or
final word on all matters pertaining to
the live-Hundred, with a resulting
exclusion of Conference and student
opinion. Through the introduction of
the living group representation, stu
dent government assumes a broad jur
isdiction —typifying genuine democ
racy.
* * * *
During the past several weeks, com
mittees liave been detailed to investi
gate and draw up a new brand of gov
ernment which should eliminate any
duplication of the present fiasco. As
yet nothing concrete has been done in
the matter, nor will there be any sub
stitution of the ramshackle practice
that will rectify the situation until
next fall. Bearing in mind the dis
satisfaction thus engendered, it hardly
seems defensible or reasonable that
following two months of deliberation,
next January should not witness the
installation of some feasible plan of
government—providing tho student
body officers are anxious to satisfy
the will of the majority of women.
Just and timely criticism lias been
flung at the existing system or prac
tice of self-government, which sways
arbitrarily the destinies of the Five
hundred. Evidently by a strange evo
lutionary process, the Conference,
supposedly the sole legislative body,
has found its powers usurped by a
Council constituted nominally for dis
cipline. When the passage of several
petty regulations met the undisguised
disfavor of the general mass of Stan
ford women, efforts were immediately
made to re-organize the present fem
inine constitution for an administra
tion that might truthfully be titled
self-government rather than an autoc
racy.
* * * ♦
Individuals protesting against the
closed corporation condition of affairs,
warmly advocated the adoption of a
constitution similar to that instituted
by the men at the close of last se
mester. Thereby the Conference
would enjoy absolute legislative func
tions, a body representing each living
group rather than an irresponsible
department. In turn the Council,
chosen by the Conference from its own
membership, might act merely in
cases of discipline—not as a censor or
final word on all matters pertaining to
the live-Hundred, with a resulting
exclusion of Conference and student
opinion. Through the introduction of
the living group representation, stu
dent government assumes a broad jur
isdiction —typifying genuine democ
racy.
* * * *
During the past several weeks, com
mittees liave been detailed to investi
gate and draw up a new brand of gov
ernment which should eliminate any
duplication of the present fiasco. As
yet nothing concrete has been done in
the matter, nor will there be any sub
stitution of the ramshackle practice
that will rectify the situation until
next fall. Bearing in mind the dis
satisfaction thus engendered, it hardly
seems defensible or reasonable that
following two months of deliberation,
next January should not witness the
installation of some feasible plan of
government—providing tho student
body officers are anxious to satisfy
the will of the majority of women.
Just and timely criticism lias been
flung at the existing system or prac
tice of self-government, which sways
arbitrarily the destinies of the Five
hundred. Evidently by a strange evo
lutionary process, the Conference,
supposedly the sole legislative body,
has found its powers usurped by a
Council constituted nominally for dis
cipline. When the passage of several
petty regulations met the undisguised
disfavor of the general mass of Stan
ford women, efforts were immediately
made to re-organize the present fem
inine constitution for an administra
tion that might truthfully be titled
self-government rather than an autoc
racy.
* * * ♦
Individuals protesting against the
closed corporation condition of affairs,
warmly advocated the adoption of a
constitution similar to that instituted
by the men at the close of last se
mester. Thereby the Conference
would enjoy absolute legislative func
tions, a body representing each living
group rather than an irresponsible
department. In turn the Council,
chosen by the Conference from its own
membership, might act merely in
cases of discipline—not as a censor or
final word on all matters pertaining to
the live-Hundred, with a resulting
exclusion of Conference and student
opinion. Through the introduction of
the living group representation, stu
dent government assumes a broad jur
isdiction —typifying genuine democ
racy.
* * * *
During the past several weeks, com
mittees liave been detailed to investi
gate and draw up a new brand of gov
ernment which should eliminate any
duplication of the present fiasco. As
yet nothing concrete has been done in
the matter, nor will there be any sub
stitution of the ramshackle practice
that will rectify the situation until
next fall. Bearing in mind the dis
satisfaction thus engendered, it hardly
seems defensible or reasonable that
following two months of deliberation,
next January should not witness the
installation of some feasible plan of
government—providing tho student
body officers are anxious to satisfy
the will of the majority of women.
Just and timely criticism lias been
flung at the existing system or prac
tice of self-government, which sways
arbitrarily the destinies of the Five
hundred. Evidently by a strange evo
lutionary process, the Conference,
supposedly the sole legislative body,
has found its powers usurped by a
Council constituted nominally for dis
cipline. When the passage of several
petty regulations met the undisguised
disfavor of the general mass of Stan
ford women, efforts were immediately
made to re-organize the present fem
inine constitution for an administra
tion that might truthfully be titled
self-government rather than an autoc
racy.
* * * ♦
Individuals protesting against the
closed corporation condition of affairs,
warmly advocated the adoption of a
constitution similar to that instituted
by the men at the close of last se
mester. Thereby the Conference
would enjoy absolute legislative func
tions, a body representing each living
group rather than an irresponsible
department. In turn the Council,
chosen by the Conference from its own
membership, might act merely in
cases of discipline—not as a censor or
final word on all matters pertaining to
the live-Hundred, with a resulting
exclusion of Conference and student
opinion. Through the introduction of
the living group representation, stu
dent government assumes a broad jur
isdiction —typifying genuine democ
racy.
* * * *
During the past several weeks, com
mittees liave been detailed to investi
gate and draw up a new brand of gov
ernment which should eliminate any
duplication of the present fiasco. As
yet nothing concrete has been done in
the matter, nor will there be any sub
stitution of the ramshackle practice
that will rectify the situation until
next fall. Bearing in mind the dis
satisfaction thus engendered, it hardly
seems defensible or reasonable that
following two months of deliberation,
next January should not witness the
installation of some feasible plan of
government—providing tho student
body officers are anxious to satisfy
the will of the majority of women.
Just and timely criticism lias been
flung at the existing system or prac
tice of self-government, which sways
arbitrarily the destinies of the Five
hundred. Evidently by a strange evo
lutionary process, the Conference,
supposedly the sole legislative body,
has found its powers usurped by a
Council constituted nominally for dis
cipline. When the passage of several
petty regulations met the undisguised
disfavor of the general mass of Stan
ford women, efforts were immediately
made to re-organize the present fem
inine constitution for an administra
tion that might truthfully be titled
self-government rather than an autoc
racy.
* * * ♦
Individuals protesting against the
closed corporation condition of affairs,
warmly advocated the adoption of a
constitution similar to that instituted
by the men at the close of last se
mester. Thereby the Conference
would enjoy absolute legislative func
tions, a body representing each living
group rather than an irresponsible
department. In turn the Council,
chosen by the Conference from its own
membership, might act merely in
cases of discipline—not as a censor or
final word on all matters pertaining to
the live-Hundred, with a resulting
exclusion of Conference and student
opinion. Through the introduction of
the living group representation, stu
dent government assumes a broad jur
isdiction —typifying genuine democ
racy.
* * * *
During the past several weeks, com
mittees liave been detailed to investi
gate and draw up a new brand of gov
ernment which should eliminate any
duplication of the present fiasco. As
yet nothing concrete has been done in
the matter, nor will there be any sub
stitution of the ramshackle practice
that will rectify the situation until
next fall. Bearing in mind the dis
satisfaction thus engendered, it hardly
seems defensible or reasonable that
following two months of deliberation,
next January should not witness the
installation of some feasible plan of
government—providing tho student
body officers are anxious to satisfy
the will of the majority of women.
Just and timely criticism lias been
flung at the existing system or prac
tice of self-government, which sways
arbitrarily the destinies of the Five
hundred. Evidently by a strange evo
lutionary process, the Conference,
supposedly the sole legislative body,
has found its powers usurped by a
Council constituted nominally for dis
cipline. When the passage of several
petty regulations met the undisguised
disfavor of the general mass of Stan
ford women, efforts were immediately
made to re-organize the present fem
inine constitution for an administra
tion that might truthfully be titled
self-government rather than an autoc
racy.
* * * ♦
Individuals protesting against the
closed corporation condition of affairs,
warmly advocated the adoption of a
constitution similar to that instituted
by the men at the close of last se
mester. Thereby the Conference
would enjoy absolute legislative func
tions, a body representing each living
group rather than an irresponsible
department. In turn the Council,
chosen by the Conference from its own
membership, might act merely in
cases of discipline—not as a censor or
final word on all matters pertaining to
the live-Hundred, with a resulting
exclusion of Conference and student
opinion. Through the introduction of
the living group representation, stu
dent government assumes a broad jur
isdiction —typifying genuine democ
racy.
* * * *
During the past several weeks, com
mittees liave been detailed to investi
gate and draw up a new brand of gov
ernment which should eliminate any
duplication of the present fiasco. As
yet nothing concrete has been done in
the matter, nor will there be any sub
stitution of the ramshackle practice
that will rectify the situation until
next fall. Bearing in mind the dis
satisfaction thus engendered, it hardly
seems defensible or reasonable that
following two months of deliberation,
next January should not witness the
installation of some feasible plan of
government—providing tho student
body officers are anxious to satisfy
the will of the majority of women.
Just and timely criticism lias been
flung at the existing system or prac
tice of self-government, which sways
arbitrarily the destinies of the Five
hundred. Evidently by a strange evo
lutionary process, the Conference,
supposedly the sole legislative body,
has found its powers usurped by a
Council constituted nominally for dis
cipline. When the passage of several
petty regulations met the undisguised
disfavor of the general mass of Stan
ford women, efforts were immediately
made to re-organize the present fem
inine constitution for an administra
tion that might truthfully be titled
self-government rather than an autoc
racy.
* * * ♦
Individuals protesting against the
closed corporation condition of affairs,
warmly advocated the adoption of a
constitution similar to that instituted
by the men at the close of last se
mester. Thereby the Conference
would enjoy absolute legislative func
tions, a body representing each living
group rather than an irresponsible
department. In turn the Council,
chosen by the Conference from its own
membership, might act merely in
cases of discipline—not as a censor or
final word on all matters pertaining to
the live-Hundred, with a resulting
exclusion of Conference and student
opinion. Through the introduction of
the living group representation, stu
dent government assumes a broad jur
isdiction —typifying genuine democ
racy.
* * * *
During the past several weeks, com
mittees liave been detailed to investi
gate and draw up a new brand of gov
ernment which should eliminate any
duplication of the present fiasco. As
yet nothing concrete has been done in
the matter, nor will there be any sub
stitution of the ramshackle practice
that will rectify the situation until
next fall. Bearing in mind the dis
satisfaction thus engendered, it hardly
seems defensible or reasonable that
following two months of deliberation,
next January should not witness the
installation of some feasible plan of
government—providing tho student
body officers are anxious to satisfy
the will of the majority of women.
Just and timely criticism lias been
flung at the existing system or prac
tice of self-government, which sways
arbitrarily the destinies of the Five
hundred. Evidently by a strange evo
lutionary process, the Conference,
supposedly the sole legislative body,
has found its powers usurped by a
Council constituted nominally for dis
cipline. When the passage of several
petty regulations met the undisguised
disfavor of the general mass of Stan
ford women, efforts were immediately
made to re-organize the present fem
inine constitution for an administra
tion that might truthfully be titled
self-government rather than an autoc
racy.
* * * ♦
Individuals protesting against the
closed corporation condition of affairs,
warmly advocated the adoption of a
constitution similar to that instituted
by the men at the close of last se
mester. Thereby the Conference
would enjoy absolute legislative func
tions, a body representing each living
group rather than an irresponsible
department. In turn the Council,
chosen by the Conference from its own
membership, might act merely in
cases of discipline—not as a censor or
final word on all matters pertaining to
the live-Hundred, with a resulting
exclusion of Conference and student
opinion. Through the introduction of
the living group representation, stu
dent government assumes a broad jur
isdiction —typifying genuine democ
racy.
* * * *
During the past several weeks, com
mittees liave been detailed to investi
gate and draw up a new brand of gov
ernment which should eliminate any
duplication of the present fiasco. As
yet nothing concrete has been done in
the matter, nor will there be any sub
stitution of the ramshackle practice
that will rectify the situation until
next fall. Bearing in mind the dis
satisfaction thus engendered, it hardly
seems defensible or reasonable that
following two months of deliberation,
next January should not witness the
installation of some feasible plan of
government—providing tho student
body officers are anxious to satisfy
the will of the majority of women.
Just and timely criticism lias been
flung at the existing system or prac
tice of self-government, which sways
arbitrarily the destinies of the Five
hundred. Evidently by a strange evo
lutionary process, the Conference,
supposedly the sole legislative body,
has found its powers usurped by a
Council constituted nominally for dis
cipline. When the passage of several
petty regulations met the undisguised
disfavor of the general mass of Stan
ford women, efforts were immediately
made to re-organize the present fem
inine constitution for an administra
tion that might truthfully be titled
self-government rather than an autoc
racy.
* * * ♦
Individuals protesting against the
closed corporation condition of affairs,
warmly advocated the adoption of a
constitution similar to that instituted
by the men at the close of last se
mester. Thereby the Conference
would enjoy absolute legislative func
tions, a body representing each living
group rather than an irresponsible
department. In turn the Council,
chosen by the Conference from its own
membership, might act merely in
cases of discipline—not as a censor or
final word on all matters pertaining to
the live-Hundred, with a resulting
exclusion of Conference and student
opinion. Through the introduction of
the living group representation, stu
dent government assumes a broad jur
isdiction —typifying genuine democ
racy.
* * * *
During the past several weeks, com
mittees liave been detailed to investi
gate and draw up a new brand of gov
ernment which should eliminate any
duplication of the present fiasco. As
yet nothing concrete has been done in
the matter, nor will there be any sub
stitution of the ramshackle practice
that will rectify the situation until
next fall. Bearing in mind the dis
satisfaction thus engendered, it hardly
seems defensible or reasonable that
following two months of deliberation,
next January should not witness the
installation of some feasible plan of
government—providing tho student
body officers are anxious to satisfy
the will of the majority of women.
Just and timely criticism lias been
flung at the existing system or prac
tice of self-government, which sways
arbitrarily the destinies of the Five
hundred. Evidently by a strange evo
lutionary process, the Conference,
supposedly the sole legislative body,
has found its powers usurped by a
Council constituted nominally for dis
cipline. When the passage of several
petty regulations met the undisguised
disfavor of the general mass of Stan
ford women, efforts were immediately
made to re-organize the present fem
inine constitution for an administra
tion that might truthfully be titled
self-government rather than an autoc
racy.
* * * ♦
Individuals protesting against the
closed corporation condition of affairs,
warmly advocated the adoption of a
constitution similar to that instituted
by the men at the close of last se
mester. Thereby the Conference
would enjoy absolute legislative func
tions, a body representing each living
group rather than an irresponsible
department. In turn the Council,
chosen by the Conference from its own
membership, might act merely in
cases of discipline—not as a censor or
final word on all matters pertaining to
the live-Hundred, with a resulting
exclusion of Conference and student
opinion. Through the introduction of
the living group representation, stu
dent government assumes a broad jur
isdiction —typifying genuine democ
racy.
* * * *
During the past several weeks, com
mittees liave been detailed to investi
gate and draw up a new brand of gov
ernment which should eliminate any
duplication of the present fiasco. As
yet nothing concrete has been done in
the matter, nor will there be any sub
stitution of the ramshackle practice
that will rectify the situation until
next fall. Bearing in mind the dis
satisfaction thus engendered, it hardly
seems defensible or reasonable that
following two months of deliberation,
next January should not witness the
installation of some feasible plan of
government—providing tho student
body officers are anxious to satisfy
the will of the majority of women.
Just and timely criticism lias been
flung at the existing system or prac
tice of self-government, which sways
arbitrarily the destinies of the Five
hundred. Evidently by a strange evo
lutionary process, the Conference,
supposedly the sole legislative body,
has found its powers usurped by a
Council constituted nominally for dis
cipline. When the passage of several
petty regulations met the undisguised
disfavor of the general mass of Stan
ford women, efforts were immediately
made to re-organize the present fem
inine constitution for an administra
tion that might truthfully be titled
self-government rather than an autoc
racy.
* * * ♦
Individuals protesting against the
closed corporation condition of affairs,
warmly advocated the adoption of a
constitution similar to that instituted
by the men at the close of last se
mester. Thereby the Conference
would enjoy absolute legislative func
tions, a body representing each living
group rather than an irresponsible
department. In turn the Council,
chosen by the Conference from its own
membership, might act merely in
cases of discipline—not as a censor or
final word on all matters pertaining to
the live-Hundred, with a resulting
exclusion of Conference and student
opinion. Through the introduction of
the living group representation, stu
dent government assumes a broad jur
isdiction —typifying genuine democ
racy.
* * * *
During the past several weeks, com
mittees liave been detailed to investi
gate and draw up a new brand of gov
ernment which should eliminate any
duplication of the present fiasco. As
yet nothing concrete has been done in
the matter, nor will there be any sub
stitution of the ramshackle practice
that will rectify the situation until
next fall. Bearing in mind the dis
satisfaction thus engendered, it hardly
seems defensible or reasonable that
following two months of deliberation,
next January should not witness the
installation of some feasible plan of
government—providing tho student
body officers are anxious to satisfy
the will of the majority of women.
Just and timely criticism lias been
flung at the existing system or prac
tice of self-government, which sways
arbitrarily the destinies of the Five
hundred. Evidently by a strange evo
lutionary process, the Conference,
supposedly the sole legislative body,
has found its powers usurped by a
Council constituted nominally for dis
cipline. When the passage of several
petty regulations met the undisguised
disfavor of the general mass of Stan
ford women, efforts were immediately
made to re-organize the present fem
inine constitution for an administra
tion that might truthfully be titled
self-government rather than an autoc
racy.
* * * ♦
Individuals protesting against the
closed corporation condition of affairs,
warmly advocated the adoption of a
constitution similar to that instituted
by the men at the close of last se
mester. Thereby the Conference
would enjoy absolute legislative func
tions, a body representing each living
group rather than an irresponsible
department. In turn the Council,
chosen by the Conference from its own
membership, might act merely in
cases of discipline—not as a censor or
final word on all matters pertaining to
the live-Hundred, with a resulting
exclusion of Conference and student
opinion. Through the introduction of
the living group representation, stu
dent government assumes a broad jur
isdiction —typifying genuine democ
racy.
* * * *
During the past several weeks, com
mittees liave been detailed to investi
gate and draw up a new brand of gov
ernment which should eliminate any
duplication of the present fiasco. As
yet nothing concrete has been done in
the matter, nor will there be any sub
stitution of the ramshackle practice
that will rectify the situation until
next fall. Bearing in mind the dis
satisfaction thus engendered, it hardly
seems defensible or reasonable that
following two months of deliberation,
next January should not witness the
installation of some feasible plan of
government—providing tho student
body officers are anxious to satisfy
the will of the majority of women.
Just and timely criticism lias been
flung at the existing system or prac
tice of self-government, which sways
arbitrarily the destinies of the Five
hundred. Evidently by a strange evo
lutionary process, the Conference,
supposedly the sole legislative body,
has found its powers usurped by a
Council constituted nominally for dis
cipline. When the passage of several
petty regulations met the undisguised
disfavor of the general mass of Stan
ford women, efforts were immediately
made to re-organize the present fem
inine constitution for an administra
tion that might truthfully be titled
self-government rather than an autoc
racy.
* * * ♦
Individuals protesting against the
closed corporation condition of affairs,
warmly advocated the adoption of a
constitution similar to that instituted
by the men at the close of last se
mester. Thereby the Conference
would enjoy absolute legislative func
tions, a body representing each living
group rather than an irresponsible
department. In turn the Council,
chosen by the Conference from its own
membership, might act merely in
cases of discipline—not as a censor or
final word on all matters pertaining to
the live-Hundred, with a resulting
exclusion of Conference and student
opinion. Through the introduction of
the living group representation, stu
dent government assumes a broad jur
isdiction —typifying genuine democ
racy.
* * * *
During the past several weeks, com
mittees liave been detailed to investi
gate and draw up a new brand of gov
ernment which should eliminate any
duplication of the present fiasco. As
yet nothing concrete has been done in
the matter, nor will there be any sub
stitution of the ramshackle practice
that will rectify the situation until
next fall. Bearing in mind the dis
satisfaction thus engendered, it hardly
seems defensible or reasonable that
following two months of deliberation,
next January should not witness the
installation of some feasible plan of
government—providing tho student
body officers are anxious to satisfy
the will of the majority of women.
Just and timely criticism lias been
flung at the existing system or prac
tice of self-government, which sways
arbitrarily the destinies of the Five
hundred. Evidently by a strange evo
lutionary process, the Conference,
supposedly the sole legislative body,
has found its powers usurped by a
Council constituted nominally for dis
cipline. When the passage of several
petty regulations met the undisguised
disfavor of the general mass of Stan
ford women, efforts were immediately
made to re-organize the present fem
inine constitution for an administra
tion that might truthfully be titled
self-government rather than an autoc
racy.
* * * ♦
Individuals protesting against the
closed corporation condition of affairs,
warmly advocated the adoption of a
constitution similar to that instituted
by the men at the close of last se
mester. Thereby the Conference
would enjoy absolute legislative func
tions, a body representing each living
group rather than an irresponsible
department. In turn the Council,
chosen by the Conference from its own
membership, might act merely in
cases of discipline—not as a censor or
final word on all matters pertaining to
the live-Hundred, with a resulting
exclusion of Conference and student
opinion. Through the introduction of
the living group representation, stu
dent government assumes a broad jur
isdiction —typifying genuine democ
racy.
* * * *
During the past several weeks, com
mittees liave been detailed to investi
gate and draw up a new brand of gov
ernment which should eliminate any
duplication of the present fiasco. As
yet nothing concrete has been done in
the matter, nor will there be any sub
stitution of the ramshackle practice
that will rectify the situation until
next fall. Bearing in mind the dis
satisfaction thus engendered, it hardly
seems defensible or reasonable that
following two months of deliberation,
next January should not witness the
installation of some feasible plan of
government—providing tho student
body officers are anxious to satisfy
the will of the majority of women.
