# Mrs. Coolidge to Speak
## 
### 
Mrs. Mary Robert Coolidge, a well
known writer on economic topics, who
has written several books, among them
one on Chinese immigration, will speak
before the Civic League of Palo Alto
at Masonic ITall at 3 o'clock, Friday.
Mrs. Coolidge is a pioneer inhabitant
of Palo Alto, and has been active in
Palo Alto affairs for a number of
years.
Mrs. Mary Robert Coolidge, a well
known writer on economic topics, who
has written several books, among them
one on Chinese immigration, will speak
before the Civic League of Palo Alto
at Masonic ITall at 3 o'clock, Friday.
Mrs. Coolidge is a pioneer inhabitant
of Palo Alto, and has been active in
Palo Alto affairs for a number of
years.
Mrs. Mary Robert Coolidge, a well
known writer on economic topics, who
has written several books, among them
one on Chinese immigration, will speak
before the Civic League of Palo Alto
at Masonic ITall at 3 o'clock, Friday.
Mrs. Coolidge is a pioneer inhabitant
of Palo Alto, and has been active in
Palo Alto affairs for a number of
years.
Mrs. Mary Robert Coolidge, a well
known writer on economic topics, who
has written several books, among them
one on Chinese immigration, will speak
before the Civic League of Palo Alto
at Masonic ITall at 3 o'clock, Friday.
Mrs. Coolidge is a pioneer inhabitant
of Palo Alto, and has been active in
Palo Alto affairs for a number of
years.
Mrs. Mary Robert Coolidge, a well
known writer on economic topics, who
has written several books, among them
one on Chinese immigration, will speak
before the Civic League of Palo Alto
at Masonic ITall at 3 o'clock, Friday.
Mrs. Coolidge is a pioneer inhabitant
of Palo Alto, and has been active in
Palo Alto affairs for a number of
years.
Mrs. Mary Robert Coolidge, a well
known writer on economic topics, who
has written several books, among them
one on Chinese immigration, will speak
before the Civic League of Palo Alto
at Masonic ITall at 3 o'clock, Friday.
Mrs. Coolidge is a pioneer inhabitant
of Palo Alto, and has been active in
Palo Alto affairs for a number of
years.
Mrs. Mary Robert Coolidge, a well
known writer on economic topics, who
has written several books, among them
one on Chinese immigration, will speak
before the Civic League of Palo Alto
at Masonic ITall at 3 o'clock, Friday.
Mrs. Coolidge is a pioneer inhabitant
of Palo Alto, and has been active in
Palo Alto affairs for a number of
years.
Mrs. Mary Robert Coolidge, a well
known writer on economic topics, who
has written several books, among them
one on Chinese immigration, will speak
before the Civic League of Palo Alto
at Masonic ITall at 3 o'clock, Friday.
Mrs. Coolidge is a pioneer inhabitant
of Palo Alto, and has been active in
Palo Alto affairs for a number of
years.
Mrs. Mary Robert Coolidge, a well
known writer on economic topics, who
has written several books, among them
one on Chinese immigration, will speak
before the Civic League of Palo Alto
at Masonic ITall at 3 o'clock, Friday.
Mrs. Coolidge is a pioneer inhabitant
of Palo Alto, and has been active in
Palo Alto affairs for a number of
years.
Mrs. Mary Robert Coolidge, a well
known writer on economic topics, who
has written several books, among them
one on Chinese immigration, will speak
before the Civic League of Palo Alto
at Masonic ITall at 3 o'clock, Friday.
Mrs. Coolidge is a pioneer inhabitant
of Palo Alto, and has been active in
Palo Alto affairs for a number of
years.
Mrs. Mary Robert Coolidge, a well
known writer on economic topics, who
has written several books, among them
one on Chinese immigration, will speak
before the Civic League of Palo Alto
at Masonic ITall at 3 o'clock, Friday.
Mrs. Coolidge is a pioneer inhabitant
of Palo Alto, and has been active in
Palo Alto affairs for a number of
years.
Mrs. Mary Robert Coolidge, a well
known writer on economic topics, who
has written several books, among them
one on Chinese immigration, will speak
before the Civic League of Palo Alto
at Masonic ITall at 3 o'clock, Friday.
Mrs. Coolidge is a pioneer inhabitant
of Palo Alto, and has been active in
Palo Alto affairs for a number of
years.
Mrs. Mary Robert Coolidge, a well
known writer on economic topics, who
has written several books, among them
one on Chinese immigration, will speak
before the Civic League of Palo Alto
at Masonic ITall at 3 o'clock, Friday.
Mrs. Coolidge is a pioneer inhabitant
of Palo Alto, and has been active in
Palo Alto affairs for a number of
years.
Mrs. Mary Robert Coolidge, a well
known writer on economic topics, who
has written several books, among them
one on Chinese immigration, will speak
before the Civic League of Palo Alto
at Masonic ITall at 3 o'clock, Friday.
Mrs. Coolidge is a pioneer inhabitant
of Palo Alto, and has been active in
Palo Alto affairs for a number of
years.
