# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Professor Powers' lectures in
Practical Politics give convincing
proof of the fallacy of the gold
standard idea, or effectually refute
the unsound arguments of the si 1 -
verites, according to the personal
opinions of the man who is telling
you about it.
Professor Powers' lectures in
Practical Politics give convincing
proof of the fallacy of the gold
standard idea, or effectually refute
the unsound arguments of the si 1 -
verites, according to the personal
opinions of the man who is telling
you about it.
Professor Powers' lectures in
Practical Politics give convincing
proof of the fallacy of the gold
standard idea, or effectually refute
the unsound arguments of the si 1 -
verites, according to the personal
opinions of the man who is telling
you about it.
Professor Powers' lectures in
Practical Politics give convincing
proof of the fallacy of the gold
standard idea, or effectually refute
the unsound arguments of the si 1 -
verites, according to the personal
opinions of the man who is telling
you about it.
