# Campus Faculty Featured In University Magazine
## 
### 
The January edition of the Bul
letin of the American Association
of University Professors recently
made its appearance.
One of its features is an article
by Hardin Craig of Stanford, Pro
fessor of English. The organization
is a national one with representa
tives from 93 institutions and col
leges all over the country repre
sented at the December meeting of
the Association.
The local Stanford chapter has a
membership of 79 men, with Pro
fessor E. E. Robinson as the club
pi'esident.

Well, after all the fellow, sup
posedly, who best knows the score
is the storekeeper.
The January edition of the Bul
letin of the American Association
of University Professors recently
made its appearance.
One of its features is an article
by Hardin Craig of Stanford, Pro
fessor of English. The organization
is a national one with representa
tives from 93 institutions and col
leges all over the country repre
sented at the December meeting of
the Association.
The local Stanford chapter has a
membership of 79 men, with Pro
fessor E. E. Robinson as the club
pi'esident.

Well, after all the fellow, sup
posedly, who best knows the score
is the storekeeper.
The January edition of the Bul
letin of the American Association
of University Professors recently
made its appearance.
One of its features is an article
by Hardin Craig of Stanford, Pro
fessor of English. The organization
is a national one with representa
tives from 93 institutions and col
leges all over the country repre
sented at the December meeting of
the Association.
The local Stanford chapter has a
membership of 79 men, with Pro
fessor E. E. Robinson as the club
pi'esident.

Well, after all the fellow, sup
posedly, who best knows the score
is the storekeeper.
The January edition of the Bul
letin of the American Association
of University Professors recently
made its appearance.
One of its features is an article
by Hardin Craig of Stanford, Pro
fessor of English. The organization
is a national one with representa
tives from 93 institutions and col
leges all over the country repre
sented at the December meeting of
the Association.
The local Stanford chapter has a
membership of 79 men, with Pro
fessor E. E. Robinson as the club
pi'esident.

Well, after all the fellow, sup
posedly, who best knows the score
is the storekeeper.
The January edition of the Bul
letin of the American Association
of University Professors recently
made its appearance.
One of its features is an article
by Hardin Craig of Stanford, Pro
fessor of English. The organization
is a national one with representa
tives from 93 institutions and col
leges all over the country repre
sented at the December meeting of
the Association.
The local Stanford chapter has a
membership of 79 men, with Pro
fessor E. E. Robinson as the club
pi'esident.

Well, after all the fellow, sup
posedly, who best knows the score
is the storekeeper.
The January edition of the Bul
letin of the American Association
of University Professors recently
made its appearance.
One of its features is an article
by Hardin Craig of Stanford, Pro
fessor of English. The organization
is a national one with representa
tives from 93 institutions and col
leges all over the country repre
sented at the December meeting of
the Association.
The local Stanford chapter has a
membership of 79 men, with Pro
fessor E. E. Robinson as the club
pi'esident.

Well, after all the fellow, sup
posedly, who best knows the score
is the storekeeper.
The January edition of the Bul
letin of the American Association
of University Professors recently
made its appearance.
One of its features is an article
by Hardin Craig of Stanford, Pro
fessor of English. The organization
is a national one with representa
tives from 93 institutions and col
leges all over the country repre
sented at the December meeting of
the Association.
The local Stanford chapter has a
membership of 79 men, with Pro
fessor E. E. Robinson as the club
pi'esident.

Well, after all the fellow, sup
posedly, who best knows the score
is the storekeeper.
The January edition of the Bul
letin of the American Association
of University Professors recently
made its appearance.
One of its features is an article
by Hardin Craig of Stanford, Pro
fessor of English. The organization
is a national one with representa
tives from 93 institutions and col
leges all over the country repre
sented at the December meeting of
the Association.
The local Stanford chapter has a
membership of 79 men, with Pro
fessor E. E. Robinson as the club
pi'esident.

Well, after all the fellow, sup
posedly, who best knows the score
is the storekeeper.
The January edition of the Bul
letin of the American Association
of University Professors recently
made its appearance.
One of its features is an article
by Hardin Craig of Stanford, Pro
fessor of English. The organization
is a national one with representa
tives from 93 institutions and col
leges all over the country repre
sented at the December meeting of
the Association.
The local Stanford chapter has a
membership of 79 men, with Pro
fessor E. E. Robinson as the club
pi'esident.

Well, after all the fellow, sup
posedly, who best knows the score
is the storekeeper.
The January edition of the Bul
letin of the American Association
of University Professors recently
made its appearance.
One of its features is an article
by Hardin Craig of Stanford, Pro
fessor of English. The organization
is a national one with representa
tives from 93 institutions and col
leges all over the country repre
sented at the December meeting of
the Association.
The local Stanford chapter has a
membership of 79 men, with Pro
fessor E. E. Robinson as the club
pi'esident.

Well, after all the fellow, sup
posedly, who best knows the score
is the storekeeper.
The January edition of the Bul
letin of the American Association
of University Professors recently
made its appearance.
One of its features is an article
by Hardin Craig of Stanford, Pro
fessor of English. The organization
is a national one with representa
tives from 93 institutions and col
leges all over the country repre
sented at the December meeting of
the Association.
The local Stanford chapter has a
membership of 79 men, with Pro
fessor E. E. Robinson as the club
pi'esident.

Well, after all the fellow, sup
posedly, who best knows the score
is the storekeeper.
The January edition of the Bul
letin of the American Association
of University Professors recently
made its appearance.
One of its features is an article
by Hardin Craig of Stanford, Pro
fessor of English. The organization
is a national one with representa
tives from 93 institutions and col
leges all over the country repre
sented at the December meeting of
the Association.
The local Stanford chapter has a
membership of 79 men, with Pro
fessor E. E. Robinson as the club
pi'esident.

Well, after all the fellow, sup
posedly, who best knows the score
is the storekeeper.
The January edition of the Bul
letin of the American Association
of University Professors recently
made its appearance.
One of its features is an article
by Hardin Craig of Stanford, Pro
fessor of English. The organization
is a national one with representa
tives from 93 institutions and col
leges all over the country repre
sented at the December meeting of
the Association.
The local Stanford chapter has a
membership of 79 men, with Pro
fessor E. E. Robinson as the club
pi'esident.

Well, after all the fellow, sup
posedly, who best knows the score
is the storekeeper.
The January edition of the Bul
letin of the American Association
of University Professors recently
made its appearance.
One of its features is an article
by Hardin Craig of Stanford, Pro
fessor of English. The organization
is a national one with representa
tives from 93 institutions and col
leges all over the country repre
sented at the December meeting of
the Association.
The local Stanford chapter has a
membership of 79 men, with Pro
fessor E. E. Robinson as the club
pi'esident.

Well, after all the fellow, sup
posedly, who best knows the score
is the storekeeper.
