# WHILE THERE'S LIFE
## 
### 
SACKAMENTO, Feb. 9 — Miss
Huldah Hatch, aged 07, of Sacra
mento, lays claim to being Cali
fornia's oldest old maid.
SACKAMENTO, Feb. 9 — Miss
Huldah Hatch, aged 07, of Sacra
mento, lays claim to being Cali
fornia's oldest old maid.
SACKAMENTO, Feb. 9 — Miss
Huldah Hatch, aged 07, of Sacra
mento, lays claim to being Cali
fornia's oldest old maid.
SACKAMENTO, Feb. 9 — Miss
Huldah Hatch, aged 07, of Sacra
mento, lays claim to being Cali
fornia's oldest old maid.
SACKAMENTO, Feb. 9 — Miss
Huldah Hatch, aged 07, of Sacra
mento, lays claim to being Cali
fornia's oldest old maid.
SACKAMENTO, Feb. 9 — Miss
Huldah Hatch, aged 07, of Sacra
mento, lays claim to being Cali
fornia's oldest old maid.
SACKAMENTO, Feb. 9 — Miss
Huldah Hatch, aged 07, of Sacra
mento, lays claim to being Cali
fornia's oldest old maid.
SACKAMENTO, Feb. 9 — Miss
Huldah Hatch, aged 07, of Sacra
mento, lays claim to being Cali
fornia's oldest old maid.
SACKAMENTO, Feb. 9 — Miss
Huldah Hatch, aged 07, of Sacra
mento, lays claim to being Cali
fornia's oldest old maid.
SACKAMENTO, Feb. 9 — Miss
Huldah Hatch, aged 07, of Sacra
mento, lays claim to being Cali
fornia's oldest old maid.
SACKAMENTO, Feb. 9 — Miss
Huldah Hatch, aged 07, of Sacra
mento, lays claim to being Cali
fornia's oldest old maid.
SACKAMENTO, Feb. 9 — Miss
Huldah Hatch, aged 07, of Sacra
mento, lays claim to being Cali
fornia's oldest old maid.
SACKAMENTO, Feb. 9 — Miss
Huldah Hatch, aged 07, of Sacra
mento, lays claim to being Cali
fornia's oldest old maid.
SACKAMENTO, Feb. 9 — Miss
Huldah Hatch, aged 07, of Sacra
mento, lays claim to being Cali
fornia's oldest old maid.
