# Y.W. Asks For Stanford Lane Clinic Volunteers
## 
### 
Blanche Coe, chairman of the so
cial service committee of the Y.W.,
asks for more volunteers to the
Stanford Lane Clinic in San Fran
cisco. Students may volunteer for
work in any of the clinics.
Transportation to the hospital will
be provided for 40 cents. Those in
terested in going are requested to
communicate with the chairman at
Palo Alto 22456.
Blanche Coe, chairman of the so
cial service committee of the Y.W.,
asks for more volunteers to the
Stanford Lane Clinic in San Fran
cisco. Students may volunteer for
work in any of the clinics.
Transportation to the hospital will
be provided for 40 cents. Those in
terested in going are requested to
communicate with the chairman at
Palo Alto 22456.
Blanche Coe, chairman of the so
cial service committee of the Y.W.,
asks for more volunteers to the
Stanford Lane Clinic in San Fran
cisco. Students may volunteer for
work in any of the clinics.
Transportation to the hospital will
be provided for 40 cents. Those in
terested in going are requested to
communicate with the chairman at
Palo Alto 22456.
Blanche Coe, chairman of the so
cial service committee of the Y.W.,
asks for more volunteers to the
Stanford Lane Clinic in San Fran
cisco. Students may volunteer for
work in any of the clinics.
Transportation to the hospital will
be provided for 40 cents. Those in
terested in going are requested to
communicate with the chairman at
Palo Alto 22456.
Blanche Coe, chairman of the so
cial service committee of the Y.W.,
asks for more volunteers to the
Stanford Lane Clinic in San Fran
cisco. Students may volunteer for
work in any of the clinics.
Transportation to the hospital will
be provided for 40 cents. Those in
terested in going are requested to
communicate with the chairman at
Palo Alto 22456.
Blanche Coe, chairman of the so
cial service committee of the Y.W.,
asks for more volunteers to the
Stanford Lane Clinic in San Fran
cisco. Students may volunteer for
work in any of the clinics.
Transportation to the hospital will
be provided for 40 cents. Those in
terested in going are requested to
communicate with the chairman at
Palo Alto 22456.
Blanche Coe, chairman of the so
cial service committee of the Y.W.,
asks for more volunteers to the
Stanford Lane Clinic in San Fran
cisco. Students may volunteer for
work in any of the clinics.
Transportation to the hospital will
be provided for 40 cents. Those in
terested in going are requested to
communicate with the chairman at
Palo Alto 22456.
Blanche Coe, chairman of the so
cial service committee of the Y.W.,
asks for more volunteers to the
Stanford Lane Clinic in San Fran
cisco. Students may volunteer for
work in any of the clinics.
Transportation to the hospital will
be provided for 40 cents. Those in
terested in going are requested to
communicate with the chairman at
Palo Alto 22456.
Blanche Coe, chairman of the so
cial service committee of the Y.W.,
asks for more volunteers to the
Stanford Lane Clinic in San Fran
cisco. Students may volunteer for
work in any of the clinics.
Transportation to the hospital will
be provided for 40 cents. Those in
terested in going are requested to
communicate with the chairman at
Palo Alto 22456.
Blanche Coe, chairman of the so
cial service committee of the Y.W.,
asks for more volunteers to the
Stanford Lane Clinic in San Fran
cisco. Students may volunteer for
work in any of the clinics.
Transportation to the hospital will
be provided for 40 cents. Those in
terested in going are requested to
communicate with the chairman at
Palo Alto 22456.
Blanche Coe, chairman of the so
cial service committee of the Y.W.,
asks for more volunteers to the
Stanford Lane Clinic in San Fran
cisco. Students may volunteer for
work in any of the clinics.
Transportation to the hospital will
be provided for 40 cents. Those in
terested in going are requested to
communicate with the chairman at
Palo Alto 22456.
Blanche Coe, chairman of the so
cial service committee of the Y.W.,
asks for more volunteers to the
Stanford Lane Clinic in San Fran
cisco. Students may volunteer for
work in any of the clinics.
Transportation to the hospital will
be provided for 40 cents. Those in
terested in going are requested to
communicate with the chairman at
Palo Alto 22456.
Blanche Coe, chairman of the so
cial service committee of the Y.W.,
asks for more volunteers to the
Stanford Lane Clinic in San Fran
cisco. Students may volunteer for
work in any of the clinics.
Transportation to the hospital will
be provided for 40 cents. Those in
terested in going are requested to
communicate with the chairman at
Palo Alto 22456.
Blanche Coe, chairman of the so
cial service committee of the Y.W.,
asks for more volunteers to the
Stanford Lane Clinic in San Fran
cisco. Students may volunteer for
work in any of the clinics.
Transportation to the hospital will
be provided for 40 cents. Those in
terested in going are requested to
communicate with the chairman at
Palo Alto 22456.
