# FRANCO AND UN
## 
### 
WASHINGTON—Some American
diplomatic authorities are now in
clined to think Franco Spain even
tually will be accepted into the
United Nations.
But talk of bringing Spain into
the Marshall Plan enterprise has
about died down. The United States
left it up to Western Europe, and
Britain and France turned thumbs
down.
WASHINGTON—Some American
diplomatic authorities are now in
clined to think Franco Spain even
tually will be accepted into the
United Nations.
But talk of bringing Spain into
the Marshall Plan enterprise has
about died down. The United States
left it up to Western Europe, and
Britain and France turned thumbs
down.
WASHINGTON—Some American
diplomatic authorities are now in
clined to think Franco Spain even
tually will be accepted into the
United Nations.
But talk of bringing Spain into
the Marshall Plan enterprise has
about died down. The United States
left it up to Western Europe, and
Britain and France turned thumbs
down.
WASHINGTON—Some American
diplomatic authorities are now in
clined to think Franco Spain even
tually will be accepted into the
United Nations.
But talk of bringing Spain into
the Marshall Plan enterprise has
about died down. The United States
left it up to Western Europe, and
Britain and France turned thumbs
down.
WASHINGTON—Some American
diplomatic authorities are now in
clined to think Franco Spain even
tually will be accepted into the
United Nations.
But talk of bringing Spain into
the Marshall Plan enterprise has
about died down. The United States
left it up to Western Europe, and
Britain and France turned thumbs
down.
WASHINGTON—Some American
diplomatic authorities are now in
clined to think Franco Spain even
tually will be accepted into the
United Nations.
But talk of bringing Spain into
the Marshall Plan enterprise has
about died down. The United States
left it up to Western Europe, and
Britain and France turned thumbs
down.
WASHINGTON—Some American
diplomatic authorities are now in
clined to think Franco Spain even
tually will be accepted into the
United Nations.
But talk of bringing Spain into
the Marshall Plan enterprise has
about died down. The United States
left it up to Western Europe, and
Britain and France turned thumbs
down.
WASHINGTON—Some American
diplomatic authorities are now in
clined to think Franco Spain even
tually will be accepted into the
United Nations.
But talk of bringing Spain into
the Marshall Plan enterprise has
about died down. The United States
left it up to Western Europe, and
Britain and France turned thumbs
down.
WASHINGTON—Some American
diplomatic authorities are now in
clined to think Franco Spain even
tually will be accepted into the
United Nations.
But talk of bringing Spain into
the Marshall Plan enterprise has
about died down. The United States
left it up to Western Europe, and
Britain and France turned thumbs
down.
WASHINGTON—Some American
diplomatic authorities are now in
clined to think Franco Spain even
tually will be accepted into the
United Nations.
But talk of bringing Spain into
the Marshall Plan enterprise has
about died down. The United States
left it up to Western Europe, and
Britain and France turned thumbs
down.
WASHINGTON—Some American
diplomatic authorities are now in
clined to think Franco Spain even
tually will be accepted into the
United Nations.
But talk of bringing Spain into
the Marshall Plan enterprise has
about died down. The United States
left it up to Western Europe, and
Britain and France turned thumbs
down.
WASHINGTON—Some American
diplomatic authorities are now in
clined to think Franco Spain even
tually will be accepted into the
United Nations.
But talk of bringing Spain into
the Marshall Plan enterprise has
about died down. The United States
left it up to Western Europe, and
Britain and France turned thumbs
down.
WASHINGTON—Some American
diplomatic authorities are now in
clined to think Franco Spain even
tually will be accepted into the
United Nations.
But talk of bringing Spain into
the Marshall Plan enterprise has
about died down. The United States
left it up to Western Europe, and
Britain and France turned thumbs
down.
WASHINGTON—Some American
diplomatic authorities are now in
clined to think Franco Spain even
tually will be accepted into the
United Nations.
But talk of bringing Spain into
the Marshall Plan enterprise has
about died down. The United States
left it up to Western Europe, and
Britain and France turned thumbs
down.
WASHINGTON—Some American
diplomatic authorities are now in
clined to think Franco Spain even
tually will be accepted into the
United Nations.
But talk of bringing Spain into
the Marshall Plan enterprise has
about died down. The United States
left it up to Western Europe, and
Britain and France turned thumbs
down.
WASHINGTON—Some American
diplomatic authorities are now in
clined to think Franco Spain even
tually will be accepted into the
United Nations.
But talk of bringing Spain into
the Marshall Plan enterprise has
about died down. The United States
left it up to Western Europe, and
Britain and France turned thumbs
down.
