# ESPANOLA FIRE FIZZLES
## 
### 
The Stanford fire department
answered a call at Casa Espanola
yesterday afternoon at 5:26 when
an electric motor in (lie basement
caught fire. No damage was re
ported, although there was a large
amount of smoke.
The Stanford fire department
answered a call at Casa Espanola
yesterday afternoon at 5:26 when
an electric motor in (lie basement
caught fire. No damage was re
ported, although there was a large
amount of smoke.
The Stanford fire department
answered a call at Casa Espanola
yesterday afternoon at 5:26 when
an electric motor in (lie basement
caught fire. No damage was re
ported, although there was a large
amount of smoke.
The Stanford fire department
answered a call at Casa Espanola
yesterday afternoon at 5:26 when
an electric motor in (lie basement
caught fire. No damage was re
ported, although there was a large
amount of smoke.
The Stanford fire department
answered a call at Casa Espanola
yesterday afternoon at 5:26 when
an electric motor in (lie basement
caught fire. No damage was re
ported, although there was a large
amount of smoke.
The Stanford fire department
answered a call at Casa Espanola
yesterday afternoon at 5:26 when
an electric motor in (lie basement
caught fire. No damage was re
ported, although there was a large
amount of smoke.
The Stanford fire department
answered a call at Casa Espanola
yesterday afternoon at 5:26 when
an electric motor in (lie basement
caught fire. No damage was re
ported, although there was a large
amount of smoke.
The Stanford fire department
answered a call at Casa Espanola
yesterday afternoon at 5:26 when
an electric motor in (lie basement
caught fire. No damage was re
ported, although there was a large
amount of smoke.
The Stanford fire department
answered a call at Casa Espanola
yesterday afternoon at 5:26 when
an electric motor in (lie basement
caught fire. No damage was re
ported, although there was a large
amount of smoke.
The Stanford fire department
answered a call at Casa Espanola
yesterday afternoon at 5:26 when
an electric motor in (lie basement
caught fire. No damage was re
ported, although there was a large
amount of smoke.
The Stanford fire department
answered a call at Casa Espanola
yesterday afternoon at 5:26 when
an electric motor in (lie basement
caught fire. No damage was re
ported, although there was a large
amount of smoke.
The Stanford fire department
answered a call at Casa Espanola
yesterday afternoon at 5:26 when
an electric motor in (lie basement
caught fire. No damage was re
ported, although there was a large
amount of smoke.
The Stanford fire department
answered a call at Casa Espanola
yesterday afternoon at 5:26 when
an electric motor in (lie basement
caught fire. No damage was re
ported, although there was a large
amount of smoke.
The Stanford fire department
answered a call at Casa Espanola
yesterday afternoon at 5:26 when
an electric motor in (lie basement
caught fire. No damage was re
ported, although there was a large
amount of smoke.
The Stanford fire department
answered a call at Casa Espanola
yesterday afternoon at 5:26 when
an electric motor in (lie basement
caught fire. No damage was re
ported, although there was a large
amount of smoke.
The Stanford fire department
answered a call at Casa Espanola
yesterday afternoon at 5:26 when
an electric motor in (lie basement
caught fire. No damage was re
ported, although there was a large
amount of smoke.
