# Untitled Article
## 
### 
We feel that something of an
apology is due our readers this
week for allowing local news to
suffer somewhat on account of the
fruit-growers' reports. These meet
ings, however, seem to demand the
space we have given them, though
compelling, the holding over of
more characteristic University
news. We have desired to print
both, but since a lack of space
made that impossible we have
sought to strike the best compro
mise between the two.
We feel that something of an
apology is due our readers this
week for allowing local news to
suffer somewhat on account of the
fruit-growers' reports. These meet
ings, however, seem to demand the
space we have given them, though
compelling, the holding over of
more characteristic University
news. We have desired to print
both, but since a lack of space
made that impossible we have
sought to strike the best compro
mise between the two.
We feel that something of an
apology is due our readers this
week for allowing local news to
suffer somewhat on account of the
fruit-growers' reports. These meet
ings, however, seem to demand the
space we have given them, though
compelling, the holding over of
more characteristic University
news. We have desired to print
both, but since a lack of space
made that impossible we have
sought to strike the best compro
mise between the two.
We feel that something of an
apology is due our readers this
week for allowing local news to
suffer somewhat on account of the
fruit-growers' reports. These meet
ings, however, seem to demand the
space we have given them, though
compelling, the holding over of
more characteristic University
news. We have desired to print
both, but since a lack of space
made that impossible we have
sought to strike the best compro
mise between the two.
We feel that something of an
apology is due our readers this
week for allowing local news to
suffer somewhat on account of the
fruit-growers' reports. These meet
ings, however, seem to demand the
space we have given them, though
compelling, the holding over of
more characteristic University
news. We have desired to print
both, but since a lack of space
made that impossible we have
sought to strike the best compro
mise between the two.
We feel that something of an
apology is due our readers this
week for allowing local news to
suffer somewhat on account of the
fruit-growers' reports. These meet
ings, however, seem to demand the
space we have given them, though
compelling, the holding over of
more characteristic University
news. We have desired to print
both, but since a lack of space
made that impossible we have
sought to strike the best compro
mise between the two.
We feel that something of an
apology is due our readers this
week for allowing local news to
suffer somewhat on account of the
fruit-growers' reports. These meet
ings, however, seem to demand the
space we have given them, though
compelling, the holding over of
more characteristic University
news. We have desired to print
both, but since a lack of space
made that impossible we have
sought to strike the best compro
mise between the two.
