# Jew Of Malta
## 
### 
The style of the political
cartoon is the keynote for the
Stanford Repertory Theater
production of "The Jew of Malta"
by Christopher Marlowe. The final
production of SRT's current
season will play at S p.m. May
7-10 and 14-17, with a matinee at
2 p.m. May 10 in Memorial
Auditorium.
"The private citizen," says
Reynolds in a description of the
play, "frustrated because he has
no public recourse to justice,
takes the law into his own hands.
We have seen in our time the
hopeless chain of reprisals
between the victims of social
injustice and unjust establishment.
It is this pattern that Marlowe
depicts with his puppet-like
characters."
Those wishing further
information regarding tickets may
write to Stanford Repertory
Theater, Memorial Hall, Stanford,
or call 321-1200, ext. 2934.
