# Brazilians To Be Hosted At I-Center
## 
### 
This afternoon the six Bra
zilians from the University of
Guanabara will be hosted at the
new I-Center "Patio" where a
'fiesta' will be held from 2 until
4:30. All students interested in
meeting the Brazilians and dis
cussing the current events of Bra
zil are invited.
Refreshments from the "Patio"
snack bar will be served. Th e
group of visitors will be staying
at Stern during their week visit
to the campus. Their trip to the
United States is part of a State
Department exchange program
in which six Stanford students
will return with a thirty day stay
in Brazil. The Brazilians have
just concluded a three-week tour
of the United States.
