# Departments Entertain on Sunday
## 
### 
Departmental "At Homes" were held
Sunday afternoon in the houses of the
different professors. The departments
and the scenes of the gatherings were:
Greek and Latin, Professor Fair
clough; Germanic Languages, Profes
sor Hempl, Professor Griffin, Profes
sor Rendtorff; Romanic Languages,
Professor Johnston; English Litera
ture and Rhetoric and English Phil
osophy, Professor Fliigel; History,
Professor Treat; Economics, Profes
sor Wildman; Graphic Art, Profes
sor Clark; Applied Mathematics, Pro
fessor Hoskins; Chemistry, Professor
Stillman; Physiology and History,
Professor Jenkins; Zoology, Profes
sor Price; Civil Engineering, Profes
sor Wing; The Registrar, Dr. Elliott;
The Dean of Women, Mrs. Allan.
Departmental "At Homes" were held
Sunday afternoon in the houses of the
different professors. The departments
and the scenes of the gatherings were:
Greek and Latin, Professor Fair
clough; Germanic Languages, Profes
sor Hempl, Professor Griffin, Profes
sor Rendtorff; Romanic Languages,
Professor Johnston; English Litera
ture and Rhetoric and English Phil
osophy, Professor Fliigel; History,
Professor Treat; Economics, Profes
sor Wildman; Graphic Art, Profes
sor Clark; Applied Mathematics, Pro
fessor Hoskins; Chemistry, Professor
Stillman; Physiology and History,
Professor Jenkins; Zoology, Profes
sor Price; Civil Engineering, Profes
sor Wing; The Registrar, Dr. Elliott;
The Dean of Women, Mrs. Allan.
Departmental "At Homes" were held
Sunday afternoon in the houses of the
different professors. The departments
and the scenes of the gatherings were:
Greek and Latin, Professor Fair
clough; Germanic Languages, Profes
sor Hempl, Professor Griffin, Profes
sor Rendtorff; Romanic Languages,
Professor Johnston; English Litera
ture and Rhetoric and English Phil
osophy, Professor Fliigel; History,
Professor Treat; Economics, Profes
sor Wildman; Graphic Art, Profes
sor Clark; Applied Mathematics, Pro
fessor Hoskins; Chemistry, Professor
Stillman; Physiology and History,
Professor Jenkins; Zoology, Profes
sor Price; Civil Engineering, Profes
sor Wing; The Registrar, Dr. Elliott;
The Dean of Women, Mrs. Allan.
Departmental "At Homes" were held
Sunday afternoon in the houses of the
different professors. The departments
and the scenes of the gatherings were:
Greek and Latin, Professor Fair
clough; Germanic Languages, Profes
sor Hempl, Professor Griffin, Profes
sor Rendtorff; Romanic Languages,
Professor Johnston; English Litera
ture and Rhetoric and English Phil
osophy, Professor Fliigel; History,
Professor Treat; Economics, Profes
sor Wildman; Graphic Art, Profes
sor Clark; Applied Mathematics, Pro
fessor Hoskins; Chemistry, Professor
Stillman; Physiology and History,
Professor Jenkins; Zoology, Profes
sor Price; Civil Engineering, Profes
sor Wing; The Registrar, Dr. Elliott;
The Dean of Women, Mrs. Allan.
Departmental "At Homes" were held
Sunday afternoon in the houses of the
different professors. The departments
and the scenes of the gatherings were:
Greek and Latin, Professor Fair
clough; Germanic Languages, Profes
sor Hempl, Professor Griffin, Profes
sor Rendtorff; Romanic Languages,
Professor Johnston; English Litera
ture and Rhetoric and English Phil
osophy, Professor Fliigel; History,
Professor Treat; Economics, Profes
sor Wildman; Graphic Art, Profes
sor Clark; Applied Mathematics, Pro
fessor Hoskins; Chemistry, Professor
Stillman; Physiology and History,
Professor Jenkins; Zoology, Profes
sor Price; Civil Engineering, Profes
sor Wing; The Registrar, Dr. Elliott;
The Dean of Women, Mrs. Allan.
Departmental "At Homes" were held
Sunday afternoon in the houses of the
different professors. The departments
and the scenes of the gatherings were:
Greek and Latin, Professor Fair
clough; Germanic Languages, Profes
sor Hempl, Professor Griffin, Profes
sor Rendtorff; Romanic Languages,
Professor Johnston; English Litera
ture and Rhetoric and English Phil
osophy, Professor Fliigel; History,
Professor Treat; Economics, Profes
sor Wildman; Graphic Art, Profes
sor Clark; Applied Mathematics, Pro
fessor Hoskins; Chemistry, Professor
Stillman; Physiology and History,
Professor Jenkins; Zoology, Profes
sor Price; Civil Engineering, Profes
sor Wing; The Registrar, Dr. Elliott;
The Dean of Women, Mrs. Allan.
Departmental "At Homes" were held
Sunday afternoon in the houses of the
different professors. The departments
and the scenes of the gatherings were:
Greek and Latin, Professor Fair
clough; Germanic Languages, Profes
sor Hempl, Professor Griffin, Profes
sor Rendtorff; Romanic Languages,
Professor Johnston; English Litera
ture and Rhetoric and English Phil
osophy, Professor Fliigel; History,
Professor Treat; Economics, Profes
sor Wildman; Graphic Art, Profes
sor Clark; Applied Mathematics, Pro
fessor Hoskins; Chemistry, Professor
Stillman; Physiology and History,
Professor Jenkins; Zoology, Profes
sor Price; Civil Engineering, Profes
sor Wing; The Registrar, Dr. Elliott;
The Dean of Women, Mrs. Allan.
Departmental "At Homes" were held
Sunday afternoon in the houses of the
different professors. The departments
and the scenes of the gatherings were:
Greek and Latin, Professor Fair
clough; Germanic Languages, Profes
sor Hempl, Professor Griffin, Profes
sor Rendtorff; Romanic Languages,
Professor Johnston; English Litera
ture and Rhetoric and English Phil
osophy, Professor Fliigel; History,
Professor Treat; Economics, Profes
sor Wildman; Graphic Art, Profes
sor Clark; Applied Mathematics, Pro
fessor Hoskins; Chemistry, Professor
Stillman; Physiology and History,
Professor Jenkins; Zoology, Profes
sor Price; Civil Engineering, Profes
sor Wing; The Registrar, Dr. Elliott;
The Dean of Women, Mrs. Allan.
Departmental "At Homes" were held
Sunday afternoon in the houses of the
different professors. The departments
and the scenes of the gatherings were:
Greek and Latin, Professor Fair
clough; Germanic Languages, Profes
sor Hempl, Professor Griffin, Profes
sor Rendtorff; Romanic Languages,
Professor Johnston; English Litera
ture and Rhetoric and English Phil
osophy, Professor Fliigel; History,
Professor Treat; Economics, Profes
sor Wildman; Graphic Art, Profes
sor Clark; Applied Mathematics, Pro
fessor Hoskins; Chemistry, Professor
Stillman; Physiology and History,
Professor Jenkins; Zoology, Profes
sor Price; Civil Engineering, Profes
sor Wing; The Registrar, Dr. Elliott;
The Dean of Women, Mrs. Allan.
Departmental "At Homes" were held
Sunday afternoon in the houses of the
different professors. The departments
and the scenes of the gatherings were:
Greek and Latin, Professor Fair
clough; Germanic Languages, Profes
sor Hempl, Professor Griffin, Profes
sor Rendtorff; Romanic Languages,
Professor Johnston; English Litera
ture and Rhetoric and English Phil
osophy, Professor Fliigel; History,
Professor Treat; Economics, Profes
sor Wildman; Graphic Art, Profes
sor Clark; Applied Mathematics, Pro
fessor Hoskins; Chemistry, Professor
Stillman; Physiology and History,
Professor Jenkins; Zoology, Profes
sor Price; Civil Engineering, Profes
sor Wing; The Registrar, Dr. Elliott;
The Dean of Women, Mrs. Allan.
Departmental "At Homes" were held
Sunday afternoon in the houses of the
different professors. The departments
and the scenes of the gatherings were:
Greek and Latin, Professor Fair
clough; Germanic Languages, Profes
sor Hempl, Professor Griffin, Profes
sor Rendtorff; Romanic Languages,
Professor Johnston; English Litera
ture and Rhetoric and English Phil
osophy, Professor Fliigel; History,
Professor Treat; Economics, Profes
sor Wildman; Graphic Art, Profes
sor Clark; Applied Mathematics, Pro
fessor Hoskins; Chemistry, Professor
Stillman; Physiology and History,
Professor Jenkins; Zoology, Profes
sor Price; Civil Engineering, Profes
sor Wing; The Registrar, Dr. Elliott;
The Dean of Women, Mrs. Allan.
Departmental "At Homes" were held
Sunday afternoon in the houses of the
different professors. The departments
and the scenes of the gatherings were:
Greek and Latin, Professor Fair
clough; Germanic Languages, Profes
sor Hempl, Professor Griffin, Profes
sor Rendtorff; Romanic Languages,
Professor Johnston; English Litera
ture and Rhetoric and English Phil
osophy, Professor Fliigel; History,
Professor Treat; Economics, Profes
sor Wildman; Graphic Art, Profes
sor Clark; Applied Mathematics, Pro
fessor Hoskins; Chemistry, Professor
Stillman; Physiology and History,
Professor Jenkins; Zoology, Profes
sor Price; Civil Engineering, Profes
sor Wing; The Registrar, Dr. Elliott;
The Dean of Women, Mrs. Allan.
Departmental "At Homes" were held
Sunday afternoon in the houses of the
different professors. The departments
and the scenes of the gatherings were:
Greek and Latin, Professor Fair
clough; Germanic Languages, Profes
sor Hempl, Professor Griffin, Profes
sor Rendtorff; Romanic Languages,
Professor Johnston; English Litera
ture and Rhetoric and English Phil
osophy, Professor Fliigel; History,
Professor Treat; Economics, Profes
sor Wildman; Graphic Art, Profes
sor Clark; Applied Mathematics, Pro
fessor Hoskins; Chemistry, Professor
Stillman; Physiology and History,
Professor Jenkins; Zoology, Profes
sor Price; Civil Engineering, Profes
sor Wing; The Registrar, Dr. Elliott;
The Dean of Women, Mrs. Allan.
