# Adv. 16 Page 4
## 
### 
*
PHONE 40
Monday-Tuesday, April 30-May 1
GRETA GARBO in
'THE DIVINE WOMAN'
A Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer picture
based on the immortal Bern
hardt's career. This is Garbo's
greatest role.
Lars Hanson, Lowell Sherman,
Polly Mtfran, and others in the
great cast.
CHARLIE CHASE in
"ACHING YOUTH"
Matinee Daily
*
PHONE 40
Monday-Tuesday, April 30-May 1
GRETA GARBO in
'THE DIVINE WOMAN'
A Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer picture
based on the immortal Bern
hardt's career. This is Garbo's
greatest role.
Lars Hanson, Lowell Sherman,
Polly Mtfran, and others in the
great cast.
CHARLIE CHASE in
"ACHING YOUTH"
Matinee Daily
*
PHONE 40
Monday-Tuesday, April 30-May 1
GRETA GARBO in
'THE DIVINE WOMAN'
A Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer picture
based on the immortal Bern
hardt's career. This is Garbo's
greatest role.
Lars Hanson, Lowell Sherman,
Polly Mtfran, and others in the
great cast.
CHARLIE CHASE in
"ACHING YOUTH"
Matinee Daily
*
PHONE 40
Monday-Tuesday, April 30-May 1
GRETA GARBO in
'THE DIVINE WOMAN'
A Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer picture
based on the immortal Bern
hardt's career. This is Garbo's
greatest role.
Lars Hanson, Lowell Sherman,
Polly Mtfran, and others in the
great cast.
CHARLIE CHASE in
"ACHING YOUTH"
Matinee Daily
*
PHONE 40
Monday-Tuesday, April 30-May 1
GRETA GARBO in
'THE DIVINE WOMAN'
A Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer picture
based on the immortal Bern
hardt's career. This is Garbo's
greatest role.
Lars Hanson, Lowell Sherman,
Polly Mtfran, and others in the
great cast.
CHARLIE CHASE in
"ACHING YOUTH"
Matinee Daily
*
PHONE 40
Monday-Tuesday, April 30-May 1
GRETA GARBO in
'THE DIVINE WOMAN'
A Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer picture
based on the immortal Bern
hardt's career. This is Garbo's
greatest role.
Lars Hanson, Lowell Sherman,
Polly Mtfran, and others in the
great cast.
CHARLIE CHASE in
"ACHING YOUTH"
Matinee Daily
*
PHONE 40
Monday-Tuesday, April 30-May 1
GRETA GARBO in
'THE DIVINE WOMAN'
A Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer picture
based on the immortal Bern
hardt's career. This is Garbo's
greatest role.
Lars Hanson, Lowell Sherman,
Polly Mtfran, and others in the
great cast.
CHARLIE CHASE in
"ACHING YOUTH"
Matinee Daily
*
PHONE 40
Monday-Tuesday, April 30-May 1
GRETA GARBO in
'THE DIVINE WOMAN'
A Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer picture
based on the immortal Bern
hardt's career. This is Garbo's
greatest role.
Lars Hanson, Lowell Sherman,
Polly Mtfran, and others in the
great cast.
CHARLIE CHASE in
"ACHING YOUTH"
Matinee Daily
*
PHONE 40
Monday-Tuesday, April 30-May 1
GRETA GARBO in
'THE DIVINE WOMAN'
A Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer picture
based on the immortal Bern
hardt's career. This is Garbo's
greatest role.
Lars Hanson, Lowell Sherman,
Polly Mtfran, and others in the
great cast.
CHARLIE CHASE in
"ACHING YOUTH"
Matinee Daily
*
PHONE 40
Monday-Tuesday, April 30-May 1
GRETA GARBO in
'THE DIVINE WOMAN'
A Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer picture
based on the immortal Bern
hardt's career. This is Garbo's
greatest role.
Lars Hanson, Lowell Sherman,
Polly Mtfran, and others in the
great cast.
CHARLIE CHASE in
"ACHING YOUTH"
Matinee Daily
*
PHONE 40
Monday-Tuesday, April 30-May 1
GRETA GARBO in
'THE DIVINE WOMAN'
A Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer picture
based on the immortal Bern
hardt's career. This is Garbo's
greatest role.
Lars Hanson, Lowell Sherman,
Polly Mtfran, and others in the
great cast.
CHARLIE CHASE in
"ACHING YOUTH"
Matinee Daily
*
PHONE 40
Monday-Tuesday, April 30-May 1
GRETA GARBO in
'THE DIVINE WOMAN'
A Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer picture
based on the immortal Bern
hardt's career. This is Garbo's
greatest role.
Lars Hanson, Lowell Sherman,
Polly Mtfran, and others in the
great cast.
CHARLIE CHASE in
"ACHING YOUTH"
Matinee Daily
*
PHONE 40
Monday-Tuesday, April 30-May 1
GRETA GARBO in
'THE DIVINE WOMAN'
A Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer picture
based on the immortal Bern
hardt's career. This is Garbo's
greatest role.
Lars Hanson, Lowell Sherman,
Polly Mtfran, and others in the
great cast.
CHARLIE CHASE in
"ACHING YOUTH"
Matinee Daily
*
PHONE 40
Monday-Tuesday, April 30-May 1
GRETA GARBO in
'THE DIVINE WOMAN'
A Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer picture
based on the immortal Bern
hardt's career. This is Garbo's
greatest role.
Lars Hanson, Lowell Sherman,
Polly Mtfran, and others in the
great cast.
CHARLIE CHASE in
"ACHING YOUTH"
Matinee Daily
*
PHONE 40
Monday-Tuesday, April 30-May 1
GRETA GARBO in
'THE DIVINE WOMAN'
A Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer picture
based on the immortal Bern
hardt's career. This is Garbo's
greatest role.
Lars Hanson, Lowell Sherman,
Polly Mtfran, and others in the
great cast.
CHARLIE CHASE in
"ACHING YOUTH"
Matinee Daily
*
PHONE 40
Monday-Tuesday, April 30-May 1
GRETA GARBO in
'THE DIVINE WOMAN'
A Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer picture
based on the immortal Bern
hardt's career. This is Garbo's
greatest role.
Lars Hanson, Lowell Sherman,
Polly Mtfran, and others in the
great cast.
CHARLIE CHASE in
"ACHING YOUTH"
Matinee Daily
