# Adv. 9 Page 5
## 
### 
| TAKE IT I
WITH YOU
} colorful
HAMMARPLAST
Thermos/Coffeemaker
from Sweden
Really keeps drinks
hot or cold
$1Q 95
sale Isf
(reg. $28.95)
Sale ends 6/16/84
Great Gifts or for
picnics & the office
spice
House
2343 BIRCH ST.
PALO ALTO *326-8811
(near Calif Ave & Birch)
Mon.-Sat 9:30-5:30
BRAUN pmM
For a smooth base for your
summer tan. use a facial
scrub now and in weeks to
come.
ft ft
Men with dry skin have
begun to use moisturizer
for greater comfort, better
looks.
ft ft ft
Dermatologists have gone
back to recommending
soap and water for
cleansing. For drier skin,
choose a superfatted soap
or a hypoallergic brand.
i> i> *
Discard mascara after
three to four months, say
health experts, to protect
eyes from bacteria.
* •> i>
Take a tip from the
models. Tone down a
too-wide jaw — or even a
wide nose — with darker
foundation.
9 Hit
Take a tip from the
smart-looking women
who have their hair styled
at
hubert braun
hairstyling
town & country village
palo alto
328-0755
| TAKE IT I
WITH YOU
} colorful
HAMMARPLAST
Thermos/Coffeemaker
from Sweden
Really keeps drinks
hot or cold
$1Q 95
sale Isf
(reg. $28.95)
Sale ends 6/16/84
Great Gifts or for
picnics & the office
spice
House
2343 BIRCH ST.
PALO ALTO *326-8811
(near Calif Ave & Birch)
Mon.-Sat 9:30-5:30
BRAUN pmM
For a smooth base for your
summer tan. use a facial
scrub now and in weeks to
come.
ft ft
Men with dry skin have
begun to use moisturizer
for greater comfort, better
looks.
ft ft ft
Dermatologists have gone
back to recommending
soap and water for
cleansing. For drier skin,
choose a superfatted soap
or a hypoallergic brand.
i> i> *
Discard mascara after
three to four months, say
health experts, to protect
eyes from bacteria.
* •> i>
Take a tip from the
models. Tone down a
too-wide jaw — or even a
wide nose — with darker
foundation.
9 Hit
Take a tip from the
smart-looking women
who have their hair styled
at
hubert braun
hairstyling
town & country village
palo alto
328-0755
| TAKE IT I
WITH YOU
} colorful
HAMMARPLAST
Thermos/Coffeemaker
from Sweden
Really keeps drinks
hot or cold
$1Q 95
sale Isf
(reg. $28.95)
Sale ends 6/16/84
Great Gifts or for
picnics & the office
spice
House
2343 BIRCH ST.
PALO ALTO *326-8811
(near Calif Ave & Birch)
Mon.-Sat 9:30-5:30
BRAUN pmM
For a smooth base for your
summer tan. use a facial
scrub now and in weeks to
come.
ft ft
Men with dry skin have
begun to use moisturizer
for greater comfort, better
looks.
ft ft ft
Dermatologists have gone
back to recommending
soap and water for
cleansing. For drier skin,
choose a superfatted soap
or a hypoallergic brand.
i> i> *
Discard mascara after
three to four months, say
health experts, to protect
eyes from bacteria.
* •> i>
Take a tip from the
models. Tone down a
too-wide jaw — or even a
wide nose — with darker
foundation.
9 Hit
Take a tip from the
smart-looking women
who have their hair styled
at
hubert braun
hairstyling
town & country village
palo alto
328-0755
| TAKE IT I
WITH YOU
} colorful
HAMMARPLAST
Thermos/Coffeemaker
from Sweden
Really keeps drinks
hot or cold
$1Q 95
sale Isf
(reg. $28.95)
Sale ends 6/16/84
Great Gifts or for
picnics & the office
spice
House
2343 BIRCH ST.
PALO ALTO *326-8811
(near Calif Ave & Birch)
Mon.-Sat 9:30-5:30
BRAUN pmM
For a smooth base for your
summer tan. use a facial
scrub now and in weeks to
come.
ft ft
Men with dry skin have
begun to use moisturizer
for greater comfort, better
looks.
ft ft ft
Dermatologists have gone
back to recommending
soap and water for
cleansing. For drier skin,
choose a superfatted soap
or a hypoallergic brand.
i> i> *
Discard mascara after
three to four months, say
health experts, to protect
eyes from bacteria.
* •> i>
Take a tip from the
models. Tone down a
too-wide jaw — or even a
wide nose — with darker
foundation.
9 Hit
Take a tip from the
smart-looking women
who have their hair styled
at
hubert braun
hairstyling
town & country village
palo alto
328-0755
| TAKE IT I
WITH YOU
} colorful
HAMMARPLAST
Thermos/Coffeemaker
from Sweden
Really keeps drinks
hot or cold
$1Q 95
sale Isf
(reg. $28.95)
Sale ends 6/16/84
Great Gifts or for
picnics & the office
spice
House
2343 BIRCH ST.
PALO ALTO *326-8811
(near Calif Ave & Birch)
Mon.-Sat 9:30-5:30
BRAUN pmM
For a smooth base for your
summer tan. use a facial
scrub now and in weeks to
come.
ft ft
Men with dry skin have
begun to use moisturizer
for greater comfort, better
looks.
ft ft ft
Dermatologists have gone
back to recommending
soap and water for
cleansing. For drier skin,
choose a superfatted soap
or a hypoallergic brand.
i> i> *
Discard mascara after
three to four months, say
health experts, to protect
eyes from bacteria.
* •> i>
Take a tip from the
models. Tone down a
too-wide jaw — or even a
wide nose — with darker
foundation.
9 Hit
Take a tip from the
smart-looking women
who have their hair styled
at
hubert braun
hairstyling
town & country village
palo alto
328-0755
| TAKE IT I
WITH YOU
} colorful
HAMMARPLAST
Thermos/Coffeemaker
from Sweden
Really keeps drinks
hot or cold
$1Q 95
sale Isf
(reg. $28.95)
Sale ends 6/16/84
Great Gifts or for
picnics & the office
spice
House
2343 BIRCH ST.
PALO ALTO *326-8811
(near Calif Ave & Birch)
Mon.-Sat 9:30-5:30
BRAUN pmM
For a smooth base for your
summer tan. use a facial
scrub now and in weeks to
come.
ft ft
Men with dry skin have
begun to use moisturizer
for greater comfort, better
looks.
ft ft ft
Dermatologists have gone
back to recommending
soap and water for
cleansing. For drier skin,
choose a superfatted soap
or a hypoallergic brand.
i> i> *
Discard mascara after
three to four months, say
health experts, to protect
eyes from bacteria.
* •> i>
Take a tip from the
models. Tone down a
too-wide jaw — or even a
wide nose — with darker
foundation.
9 Hit
Take a tip from the
smart-looking women
who have their hair styled
at
hubert braun
hairstyling
town & country village
palo alto
328-0755
| TAKE IT I
WITH YOU
} colorful
HAMMARPLAST
Thermos/Coffeemaker
from Sweden
Really keeps drinks
hot or cold
$1Q 95
sale Isf
(reg. $28.95)
Sale ends 6/16/84
Great Gifts or for
picnics & the office
spice
House
2343 BIRCH ST.
PALO ALTO *326-8811
(near Calif Ave & Birch)
Mon.-Sat 9:30-5:30
BRAUN pmM
For a smooth base for your
summer tan. use a facial
scrub now and in weeks to
come.
ft ft
Men with dry skin have
begun to use moisturizer
for greater comfort, better
looks.
ft ft ft
Dermatologists have gone
back to recommending
soap and water for
cleansing. For drier skin,
choose a superfatted soap
or a hypoallergic brand.
i> i> *
Discard mascara after
three to four months, say
health experts, to protect
eyes from bacteria.
* •> i>
Take a tip from the
models. Tone down a
too-wide jaw — or even a
wide nose — with darker
foundation.
9 Hit
Take a tip from the
smart-looking women
who have their hair styled
at
hubert braun
hairstyling
town & country village
palo alto
328-0755
