# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
Chemistry refunds for last
quarter are now ready for distri
bution.
Chemistry refunds for last
quarter are now ready for distri
bution.
Chemistry refunds for last
quarter are now ready for distri
bution.
Chemistry refunds for last
quarter are now ready for distri
bution.
Chemistry refunds for last
quarter are now ready for distri
bution.
Chemistry refunds for last
quarter are now ready for distri
bution.
Chemistry refunds for last
quarter are now ready for distri
bution.
Chemistry refunds for last
quarter are now ready for distri
bution.
Chemistry refunds for last
quarter are now ready for distri
bution.
Chemistry refunds for last
quarter are now ready for distri
bution.
Chemistry refunds for last
quarter are now ready for distri
bution.
Chemistry refunds for last
quarter are now ready for distri
bution.
Chemistry refunds for last
quarter are now ready for distri
bution.
Chemistry refunds for last
quarter are now ready for distri
bution.
Chemistry refunds for last
quarter are now ready for distri
bution.
