# Intercollegiate Athletics Improved by Faculty Men
## 
### 
"Intercollegiate athletics are on an in
finitely higher plane than they were ten
years ago and are improving, due to the
administration of faculty men who believe
in the educational value of the games,"
Major John L. Griffith, Commissioner of
Athletics in the Western Conference, said
recently, replying to the charges that in
tercollegiate sports have become profes
sionalized.
"It has been suggested that' the confer
ence abolish intercollcgiate athletics. If
this were done it would not be the end of
football but rather that football would be
administered by persons less qualified to
manage the games and bring out the most
values. Football, irrespective of what
may be said to the contrary, is an ama
teur game."
"Intercollegiate athletics are on an in
finitely higher plane than they were ten
years ago and are improving, due to the
administration of faculty men who believe
in the educational value of the games,"
Major John L. Griffith, Commissioner of
Athletics in the Western Conference, said
recently, replying to the charges that in
tercollegiate sports have become profes
sionalized.
"It has been suggested that' the confer
ence abolish intercollcgiate athletics. If
this were done it would not be the end of
football but rather that football would be
administered by persons less qualified to
manage the games and bring out the most
values. Football, irrespective of what
may be said to the contrary, is an ama
teur game."
"Intercollegiate athletics are on an in
finitely higher plane than they were ten
years ago and are improving, due to the
administration of faculty men who believe
in the educational value of the games,"
Major John L. Griffith, Commissioner of
Athletics in the Western Conference, said
recently, replying to the charges that in
tercollegiate sports have become profes
sionalized.
"It has been suggested that' the confer
ence abolish intercollcgiate athletics. If
this were done it would not be the end of
football but rather that football would be
administered by persons less qualified to
manage the games and bring out the most
values. Football, irrespective of what
may be said to the contrary, is an ama
teur game."
"Intercollegiate athletics are on an in
finitely higher plane than they were ten
years ago and are improving, due to the
administration of faculty men who believe
in the educational value of the games,"
Major John L. Griffith, Commissioner of
Athletics in the Western Conference, said
recently, replying to the charges that in
tercollegiate sports have become profes
sionalized.
"It has been suggested that' the confer
ence abolish intercollcgiate athletics. If
this were done it would not be the end of
football but rather that football would be
administered by persons less qualified to
manage the games and bring out the most
values. Football, irrespective of what
may be said to the contrary, is an ama
teur game."
"Intercollegiate athletics are on an in
finitely higher plane than they were ten
years ago and are improving, due to the
administration of faculty men who believe
in the educational value of the games,"
Major John L. Griffith, Commissioner of
Athletics in the Western Conference, said
recently, replying to the charges that in
tercollegiate sports have become profes
sionalized.
"It has been suggested that' the confer
ence abolish intercollcgiate athletics. If
this were done it would not be the end of
football but rather that football would be
administered by persons less qualified to
manage the games and bring out the most
values. Football, irrespective of what
may be said to the contrary, is an ama
teur game."
"Intercollegiate athletics are on an in
finitely higher plane than they were ten
years ago and are improving, due to the
administration of faculty men who believe
in the educational value of the games,"
Major John L. Griffith, Commissioner of
Athletics in the Western Conference, said
recently, replying to the charges that in
tercollegiate sports have become profes
sionalized.
"It has been suggested that' the confer
ence abolish intercollcgiate athletics. If
this were done it would not be the end of
football but rather that football would be
administered by persons less qualified to
manage the games and bring out the most
values. Football, irrespective of what
may be said to the contrary, is an ama
teur game."
"Intercollegiate athletics are on an in
finitely higher plane than they were ten
years ago and are improving, due to the
administration of faculty men who believe
in the educational value of the games,"
Major John L. Griffith, Commissioner of
Athletics in the Western Conference, said
recently, replying to the charges that in
tercollegiate sports have become profes
sionalized.
"It has been suggested that' the confer
ence abolish intercollcgiate athletics. If
this were done it would not be the end of
football but rather that football would be
administered by persons less qualified to
manage the games and bring out the most
values. Football, irrespective of what
may be said to the contrary, is an ama
teur game."
"Intercollegiate athletics are on an in
finitely higher plane than they were ten
years ago and are improving, due to the
administration of faculty men who believe
in the educational value of the games,"
Major John L. Griffith, Commissioner of
Athletics in the Western Conference, said
recently, replying to the charges that in
tercollegiate sports have become profes
sionalized.
"It has been suggested that' the confer
ence abolish intercollcgiate athletics. If
this were done it would not be the end of
football but rather that football would be
administered by persons less qualified to
manage the games and bring out the most
values. Football, irrespective of what
may be said to the contrary, is an ama
teur game."
"Intercollegiate athletics are on an in
finitely higher plane than they were ten
years ago and are improving, due to the
administration of faculty men who believe
in the educational value of the games,"
Major John L. Griffith, Commissioner of
Athletics in the Western Conference, said
recently, replying to the charges that in
tercollegiate sports have become profes
sionalized.
"It has been suggested that' the confer
ence abolish intercollcgiate athletics. If
this were done it would not be the end of
football but rather that football would be
administered by persons less qualified to
manage the games and bring out the most
values. Football, irrespective of what
may be said to the contrary, is an ama
teur game."
"Intercollegiate athletics are on an in
finitely higher plane than they were ten
years ago and are improving, due to the
administration of faculty men who believe
in the educational value of the games,"
Major John L. Griffith, Commissioner of
Athletics in the Western Conference, said
recently, replying to the charges that in
tercollegiate sports have become profes
sionalized.
"It has been suggested that' the confer
ence abolish intercollcgiate athletics. If
this were done it would not be the end of
football but rather that football would be
administered by persons less qualified to
manage the games and bring out the most
values. Football, irrespective of what
may be said to the contrary, is an ama
teur game."
"Intercollegiate athletics are on an in
finitely higher plane than they were ten
years ago and are improving, due to the
administration of faculty men who believe
in the educational value of the games,"
Major John L. Griffith, Commissioner of
Athletics in the Western Conference, said
recently, replying to the charges that in
tercollegiate sports have become profes
sionalized.
"It has been suggested that' the confer
ence abolish intercollcgiate athletics. If
this were done it would not be the end of
football but rather that football would be
administered by persons less qualified to
manage the games and bring out the most
values. Football, irrespective of what
may be said to the contrary, is an ama
teur game."
"Intercollegiate athletics are on an in
finitely higher plane than they were ten
years ago and are improving, due to the
administration of faculty men who believe
in the educational value of the games,"
Major John L. Griffith, Commissioner of
Athletics in the Western Conference, said
recently, replying to the charges that in
tercollegiate sports have become profes
sionalized.
"It has been suggested that' the confer
ence abolish intercollcgiate athletics. If
this were done it would not be the end of
football but rather that football would be
administered by persons less qualified to
manage the games and bring out the most
values. Football, irrespective of what
may be said to the contrary, is an ama
teur game."
"Intercollegiate athletics are on an in
finitely higher plane than they were ten
years ago and are improving, due to the
administration of faculty men who believe
in the educational value of the games,"
Major John L. Griffith, Commissioner of
Athletics in the Western Conference, said
recently, replying to the charges that in
tercollegiate sports have become profes
sionalized.
"It has been suggested that' the confer
ence abolish intercollcgiate athletics. If
this were done it would not be the end of
football but rather that football would be
administered by persons less qualified to
manage the games and bring out the most
values. Football, irrespective of what
may be said to the contrary, is an ama
teur game."
"Intercollegiate athletics are on an in
finitely higher plane than they were ten
years ago and are improving, due to the
administration of faculty men who believe
in the educational value of the games,"
Major John L. Griffith, Commissioner of
Athletics in the Western Conference, said
recently, replying to the charges that in
tercollegiate sports have become profes
sionalized.
"It has been suggested that' the confer
ence abolish intercollcgiate athletics. If
this were done it would not be the end of
football but rather that football would be
administered by persons less qualified to
manage the games and bring out the most
values. Football, irrespective of what
may be said to the contrary, is an ama
teur game."
"Intercollegiate athletics are on an in
finitely higher plane than they were ten
years ago and are improving, due to the
administration of faculty men who believe
in the educational value of the games,"
Major John L. Griffith, Commissioner of
Athletics in the Western Conference, said
recently, replying to the charges that in
tercollegiate sports have become profes
sionalized.
"It has been suggested that' the confer
ence abolish intercollcgiate athletics. If
this were done it would not be the end of
football but rather that football would be
administered by persons less qualified to
manage the games and bring out the most
values. Football, irrespective of what
may be said to the contrary, is an ama
teur game."
