# FRESHMAN FRAT ENTRANCE VEXES COLLEGE REGENTS
## 
### 
UNIVERSITY OF COLORADO —
Whether or not freshmen should be al
lowed to join fraternities, is the ques
tion that is vexing the University of
Colorado. It will be decided by the
board of regents at its next meeting.
The plan to wait until the second year
before initiating has been in practice
at various Eastern colleges, including
Yale and Princeton, for some time.
UNIVERSITY OF COLORADO —
Whether or not freshmen should be al
lowed to join fraternities, is the ques
tion that is vexing the University of
Colorado. It will be decided by the
board of regents at its next meeting.
The plan to wait until the second year
before initiating has been in practice
at various Eastern colleges, including
Yale and Princeton, for some time.
UNIVERSITY OF COLORADO —
Whether or not freshmen should be al
lowed to join fraternities, is the ques
tion that is vexing the University of
Colorado. It will be decided by the
board of regents at its next meeting.
The plan to wait until the second year
before initiating has been in practice
at various Eastern colleges, including
Yale and Princeton, for some time.
UNIVERSITY OF COLORADO —
Whether or not freshmen should be al
lowed to join fraternities, is the ques
tion that is vexing the University of
Colorado. It will be decided by the
board of regents at its next meeting.
The plan to wait until the second year
before initiating has been in practice
at various Eastern colleges, including
Yale and Princeton, for some time.
UNIVERSITY OF COLORADO —
Whether or not freshmen should be al
lowed to join fraternities, is the ques
tion that is vexing the University of
Colorado. It will be decided by the
board of regents at its next meeting.
The plan to wait until the second year
before initiating has been in practice
at various Eastern colleges, including
Yale and Princeton, for some time.
UNIVERSITY OF COLORADO —
Whether or not freshmen should be al
lowed to join fraternities, is the ques
tion that is vexing the University of
Colorado. It will be decided by the
board of regents at its next meeting.
The plan to wait until the second year
before initiating has been in practice
at various Eastern colleges, including
Yale and Princeton, for some time.
UNIVERSITY OF COLORADO —
Whether or not freshmen should be al
lowed to join fraternities, is the ques
tion that is vexing the University of
Colorado. It will be decided by the
board of regents at its next meeting.
The plan to wait until the second year
before initiating has been in practice
at various Eastern colleges, including
Yale and Princeton, for some time.
UNIVERSITY OF COLORADO —
Whether or not freshmen should be al
lowed to join fraternities, is the ques
tion that is vexing the University of
Colorado. It will be decided by the
board of regents at its next meeting.
The plan to wait until the second year
before initiating has been in practice
at various Eastern colleges, including
Yale and Princeton, for some time.
UNIVERSITY OF COLORADO —
Whether or not freshmen should be al
lowed to join fraternities, is the ques
tion that is vexing the University of
Colorado. It will be decided by the
board of regents at its next meeting.
The plan to wait until the second year
before initiating has been in practice
at various Eastern colleges, including
Yale and Princeton, for some time.
UNIVERSITY OF COLORADO —
Whether or not freshmen should be al
lowed to join fraternities, is the ques
tion that is vexing the University of
Colorado. It will be decided by the
board of regents at its next meeting.
The plan to wait until the second year
before initiating has been in practice
at various Eastern colleges, including
Yale and Princeton, for some time.
UNIVERSITY OF COLORADO —
Whether or not freshmen should be al
lowed to join fraternities, is the ques
tion that is vexing the University of
Colorado. It will be decided by the
board of regents at its next meeting.
The plan to wait until the second year
before initiating has been in practice
at various Eastern colleges, including
Yale and Princeton, for some time.
UNIVERSITY OF COLORADO —
Whether or not freshmen should be al
lowed to join fraternities, is the ques
tion that is vexing the University of
Colorado. It will be decided by the
board of regents at its next meeting.
The plan to wait until the second year
before initiating has been in practice
at various Eastern colleges, including
Yale and Princeton, for some time.
UNIVERSITY OF COLORADO —
Whether or not freshmen should be al
lowed to join fraternities, is the ques
tion that is vexing the University of
Colorado. It will be decided by the
board of regents at its next meeting.
The plan to wait until the second year
before initiating has been in practice
at various Eastern colleges, including
Yale and Princeton, for some time.
UNIVERSITY OF COLORADO —
Whether or not freshmen should be al
lowed to join fraternities, is the ques
tion that is vexing the University of
Colorado. It will be decided by the
board of regents at its next meeting.
The plan to wait until the second year
before initiating has been in practice
at various Eastern colleges, including
Yale and Princeton, for some time.
UNIVERSITY OF COLORADO —
Whether or not freshmen should be al
lowed to join fraternities, is the ques
tion that is vexing the University of
Colorado. It will be decided by the
board of regents at its next meeting.
The plan to wait until the second year
before initiating has been in practice
at various Eastern colleges, including
Yale and Princeton, for some time.
