# NEW GERMAN CLUB WILL MEET TONIGHT
## 
### 
The German Club will hold its third
meeting this evening at the Women's
Clubhouse at 7:30. Plans for future
meetings will be discussed, and ar
informal program given.
This newly reorganized society wel
comes students and those interested
in German. Speeches in that language
on current subjects, music, and in
formal events make up the programs
The meetings usually take place or
the second and fourth Thursday ol
each month. The officers are Hattc
Tappenbeck, president; Marie Weiss
vice president, and Esther Brown
secretary.
-a. -jCI
The German Club will hold its third
meeting this evening at the Women's
Clubhouse at 7:30. Plans for future
meetings will be discussed, and ar
informal program given.
This newly reorganized society wel
comes students and those interested
in German. Speeches in that language
on current subjects, music, and in
formal events make up the programs
The meetings usually take place or
the second and fourth Thursday ol
each month. The officers are Hattc
Tappenbeck, president; Marie Weiss
vice president, and Esther Brown
secretary.
-a. -jCI
The German Club will hold its third
meeting this evening at the Women's
Clubhouse at 7:30. Plans for future
meetings will be discussed, and ar
informal program given.
This newly reorganized society wel
comes students and those interested
in German. Speeches in that language
on current subjects, music, and in
formal events make up the programs
The meetings usually take place or
the second and fourth Thursday ol
each month. The officers are Hattc
Tappenbeck, president; Marie Weiss
vice president, and Esther Brown
secretary.
-a. -jCI
The German Club will hold its third
meeting this evening at the Women's
Clubhouse at 7:30. Plans for future
meetings will be discussed, and ar
informal program given.
This newly reorganized society wel
comes students and those interested
in German. Speeches in that language
on current subjects, music, and in
formal events make up the programs
The meetings usually take place or
the second and fourth Thursday ol
each month. The officers are Hattc
Tappenbeck, president; Marie Weiss
vice president, and Esther Brown
secretary.
-a. -jCI
The German Club will hold its third
meeting this evening at the Women's
Clubhouse at 7:30. Plans for future
meetings will be discussed, and ar
informal program given.
This newly reorganized society wel
comes students and those interested
in German. Speeches in that language
on current subjects, music, and in
formal events make up the programs
The meetings usually take place or
the second and fourth Thursday ol
each month. The officers are Hattc
Tappenbeck, president; Marie Weiss
vice president, and Esther Brown
secretary.
-a. -jCI
The German Club will hold its third
meeting this evening at the Women's
Clubhouse at 7:30. Plans for future
meetings will be discussed, and ar
informal program given.
This newly reorganized society wel
comes students and those interested
in German. Speeches in that language
on current subjects, music, and in
formal events make up the programs
The meetings usually take place or
the second and fourth Thursday ol
each month. The officers are Hattc
Tappenbeck, president; Marie Weiss
vice president, and Esther Brown
secretary.
-a. -jCI
The German Club will hold its third
meeting this evening at the Women's
Clubhouse at 7:30. Plans for future
meetings will be discussed, and ar
informal program given.
This newly reorganized society wel
comes students and those interested
in German. Speeches in that language
on current subjects, music, and in
formal events make up the programs
The meetings usually take place or
the second and fourth Thursday ol
each month. The officers are Hattc
Tappenbeck, president; Marie Weiss
vice president, and Esther Brown
secretary.
-a. -jCI
The German Club will hold its third
meeting this evening at the Women's
Clubhouse at 7:30. Plans for future
meetings will be discussed, and ar
informal program given.
This newly reorganized society wel
comes students and those interested
in German. Speeches in that language
on current subjects, music, and in
formal events make up the programs
The meetings usually take place or
the second and fourth Thursday ol
each month. The officers are Hattc
Tappenbeck, president; Marie Weiss
vice president, and Esther Brown
secretary.
-a. -jCI
The German Club will hold its third
meeting this evening at the Women's
Clubhouse at 7:30. Plans for future
meetings will be discussed, and ar
informal program given.
This newly reorganized society wel
comes students and those interested
in German. Speeches in that language
on current subjects, music, and in
formal events make up the programs
The meetings usually take place or
the second and fourth Thursday ol
each month. The officers are Hattc
Tappenbeck, president; Marie Weiss
vice president, and Esther Brown
secretary.
-a. -jCI
The German Club will hold its third
meeting this evening at the Women's
Clubhouse at 7:30. Plans for future
meetings will be discussed, and ar
informal program given.
This newly reorganized society wel
comes students and those interested
in German. Speeches in that language
on current subjects, music, and in
formal events make up the programs
The meetings usually take place or
the second and fourth Thursday ol
each month. The officers are Hattc
Tappenbeck, president; Marie Weiss
vice president, and Esther Brown
secretary.
-a. -jCI
The German Club will hold its third
meeting this evening at the Women's
Clubhouse at 7:30. Plans for future
meetings will be discussed, and ar
informal program given.
This newly reorganized society wel
comes students and those interested
in German. Speeches in that language
on current subjects, music, and in
formal events make up the programs
The meetings usually take place or
the second and fourth Thursday ol
each month. The officers are Hattc
Tappenbeck, president; Marie Weiss
vice president, and Esther Brown
secretary.
-a. -jCI
The German Club will hold its third
meeting this evening at the Women's
Clubhouse at 7:30. Plans for future
meetings will be discussed, and ar
informal program given.
This newly reorganized society wel
comes students and those interested
in German. Speeches in that language
on current subjects, music, and in
formal events make up the programs
The meetings usually take place or
the second and fourth Thursday ol
each month. The officers are Hattc
Tappenbeck, president; Marie Weiss
vice president, and Esther Brown
secretary.
-a. -jCI
The German Club will hold its third
meeting this evening at the Women's
Clubhouse at 7:30. Plans for future
meetings will be discussed, and ar
informal program given.
This newly reorganized society wel
comes students and those interested
in German. Speeches in that language
on current subjects, music, and in
formal events make up the programs
The meetings usually take place or
the second and fourth Thursday ol
each month. The officers are Hattc
Tappenbeck, president; Marie Weiss
vice president, and Esther Brown
secretary.
-a. -jCI
The German Club will hold its third
meeting this evening at the Women's
Clubhouse at 7:30. Plans for future
meetings will be discussed, and ar
informal program given.
This newly reorganized society wel
comes students and those interested
in German. Speeches in that language
on current subjects, music, and in
formal events make up the programs
The meetings usually take place or
the second and fourth Thursday ol
each month. The officers are Hattc
Tappenbeck, president; Marie Weiss
vice president, and Esther Brown
secretary.
-a. -jCI
The German Club will hold its third
meeting this evening at the Women's
Clubhouse at 7:30. Plans for future
meetings will be discussed, and ar
informal program given.
This newly reorganized society wel
comes students and those interested
in German. Speeches in that language
on current subjects, music, and in
formal events make up the programs
The meetings usually take place or
the second and fourth Thursday ol
each month. The officers are Hattc
Tappenbeck, president; Marie Weiss
vice president, and Esther Brown
secretary.
-a. -jCI
