# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
Hastings
CALIFORNIA
REMEMBER MOTHER
with a
HASTINGS
SWEATER
11.95
Zefran acrylic and
linen is Blairmoor's
choice for a pearl-of-a
sweater with the elegant
look of a hand-knit.
Natural only, 36 to 40.
STANFORD
SHOPPING
CENTER
Hastings
CALIFORNIA
REMEMBER MOTHER
with a
HASTINGS
SWEATER
11.95
Zefran acrylic and
linen is Blairmoor's
choice for a pearl-of-a
sweater with the elegant
look of a hand-knit.
Natural only, 36 to 40.
STANFORD
SHOPPING
CENTER
Hastings
CALIFORNIA
REMEMBER MOTHER
with a
HASTINGS
SWEATER
11.95
Zefran acrylic and
linen is Blairmoor's
choice for a pearl-of-a
sweater with the elegant
look of a hand-knit.
Natural only, 36 to 40.
STANFORD
SHOPPING
CENTER
Hastings
CALIFORNIA
REMEMBER MOTHER
with a
HASTINGS
SWEATER
11.95
Zefran acrylic and
linen is Blairmoor's
choice for a pearl-of-a
sweater with the elegant
look of a hand-knit.
Natural only, 36 to 40.
STANFORD
SHOPPING
CENTER
Hastings
CALIFORNIA
REMEMBER MOTHER
with a
HASTINGS
SWEATER
11.95
Zefran acrylic and
linen is Blairmoor's
choice for a pearl-of-a
sweater with the elegant
look of a hand-knit.
Natural only, 36 to 40.
STANFORD
SHOPPING
CENTER
Hastings
CALIFORNIA
REMEMBER MOTHER
with a
HASTINGS
SWEATER
11.95
Zefran acrylic and
linen is Blairmoor's
choice for a pearl-of-a
sweater with the elegant
look of a hand-knit.
Natural only, 36 to 40.
STANFORD
SHOPPING
CENTER
Hastings
CALIFORNIA
REMEMBER MOTHER
with a
HASTINGS
SWEATER
11.95
Zefran acrylic and
linen is Blairmoor's
choice for a pearl-of-a
sweater with the elegant
look of a hand-knit.
Natural only, 36 to 40.
STANFORD
SHOPPING
CENTER
Hastings
CALIFORNIA
REMEMBER MOTHER
with a
HASTINGS
SWEATER
11.95
Zefran acrylic and
linen is Blairmoor's
choice for a pearl-of-a
sweater with the elegant
look of a hand-knit.
Natural only, 36 to 40.
STANFORD
SHOPPING
CENTER
Hastings
CALIFORNIA
REMEMBER MOTHER
with a
HASTINGS
SWEATER
11.95
Zefran acrylic and
linen is Blairmoor's
choice for a pearl-of-a
sweater with the elegant
look of a hand-knit.
Natural only, 36 to 40.
STANFORD
SHOPPING
CENTER
Hastings
CALIFORNIA
REMEMBER MOTHER
with a
HASTINGS
SWEATER
11.95
Zefran acrylic and
linen is Blairmoor's
choice for a pearl-of-a
sweater with the elegant
look of a hand-knit.
Natural only, 36 to 40.
STANFORD
SHOPPING
CENTER
Hastings
CALIFORNIA
REMEMBER MOTHER
with a
HASTINGS
SWEATER
11.95
Zefran acrylic and
linen is Blairmoor's
choice for a pearl-of-a
sweater with the elegant
look of a hand-knit.
Natural only, 36 to 40.
STANFORD
SHOPPING
CENTER
Hastings
CALIFORNIA
REMEMBER MOTHER
with a
HASTINGS
SWEATER
11.95
Zefran acrylic and
linen is Blairmoor's
choice for a pearl-of-a
sweater with the elegant
look of a hand-knit.
Natural only, 36 to 40.
STANFORD
SHOPPING
CENTER
Hastings
CALIFORNIA
REMEMBER MOTHER
with a
HASTINGS
SWEATER
11.95
Zefran acrylic and
linen is Blairmoor's
choice for a pearl-of-a
sweater with the elegant
look of a hand-knit.
Natural only, 36 to 40.
STANFORD
SHOPPING
CENTER
Hastings
CALIFORNIA
REMEMBER MOTHER
with a
HASTINGS
SWEATER
11.95
Zefran acrylic and
linen is Blairmoor's
choice for a pearl-of-a
sweater with the elegant
look of a hand-knit.
Natural only, 36 to 40.
STANFORD
SHOPPING
CENTER
Hastings
CALIFORNIA
REMEMBER MOTHER
with a
HASTINGS
SWEATER
11.95
Zefran acrylic and
linen is Blairmoor's
choice for a pearl-of-a
sweater with the elegant
look of a hand-knit.
Natural only, 36 to 40.
STANFORD
SHOPPING
CENTER
Hastings
CALIFORNIA
REMEMBER MOTHER
with a
HASTINGS
SWEATER
11.95
Zefran acrylic and
linen is Blairmoor's
choice for a pearl-of-a
sweater with the elegant
look of a hand-knit.
Natural only, 36 to 40.
STANFORD
SHOPPING
CENTER
Hastings
CALIFORNIA
REMEMBER MOTHER
with a
HASTINGS
SWEATER
11.95
Zefran acrylic and
linen is Blairmoor's
choice for a pearl-of-a
sweater with the elegant
look of a hand-knit.
Natural only, 36 to 40.
STANFORD
SHOPPING
CENTER
