# In The DERVICE
## 
### 
Second Lieut. Howard L. Reynolds,
former Stanford student, has report
ed at Carlsbad, N.M., Army Air
School, where he will receive ad
vanced flight training in high-level
bombardiering and dead-reckoning
navigation.
* * # *
Captain Peter K. Wagner. Marine
Corps bomber pilot and a former
Stanford student, has been promoted
to his present rank at the Leather
neck air base in the South Pacific.
He is a veteran of 15 combat missions
over enemy territory, and although
his plane has been shot down three
times the Stanford graduate and his
gunner have returned each time.
♦ * «i« #
Bnnnnr Cox has been promoted to
staff sergeant at a Ninth Air Force
base "somewhere in England." Ser
geant Cox worked at Stanford for a
year as a photostat operator, but he
decided to use his technical knowl
edge in the Signal Corps. At present
he is with a Troop Carrier Wing as a
repeater-man in the telephone sec
tion.
Second Lieut. Howard L. Reynolds,
former Stanford student, has report
ed at Carlsbad, N.M., Army Air
School, where he will receive ad
vanced flight training in high-level
bombardiering and dead-reckoning
navigation.
* * # *
Captain Peter K. Wagner. Marine
Corps bomber pilot and a former
Stanford student, has been promoted
to his present rank at the Leather
neck air base in the South Pacific.
He is a veteran of 15 combat missions
over enemy territory, and although
his plane has been shot down three
times the Stanford graduate and his
gunner have returned each time.
♦ * «i« #
Bnnnnr Cox has been promoted to
staff sergeant at a Ninth Air Force
base "somewhere in England." Ser
geant Cox worked at Stanford for a
year as a photostat operator, but he
decided to use his technical knowl
edge in the Signal Corps. At present
he is with a Troop Carrier Wing as a
repeater-man in the telephone sec
tion.
Second Lieut. Howard L. Reynolds,
former Stanford student, has report
ed at Carlsbad, N.M., Army Air
School, where he will receive ad
vanced flight training in high-level
bombardiering and dead-reckoning
navigation.
* * # *
Captain Peter K. Wagner. Marine
Corps bomber pilot and a former
Stanford student, has been promoted
to his present rank at the Leather
neck air base in the South Pacific.
He is a veteran of 15 combat missions
over enemy territory, and although
his plane has been shot down three
times the Stanford graduate and his
gunner have returned each time.
♦ * «i« #
Bnnnnr Cox has been promoted to
staff sergeant at a Ninth Air Force
base "somewhere in England." Ser
geant Cox worked at Stanford for a
year as a photostat operator, but he
decided to use his technical knowl
edge in the Signal Corps. At present
he is with a Troop Carrier Wing as a
repeater-man in the telephone sec
tion.
Second Lieut. Howard L. Reynolds,
former Stanford student, has report
ed at Carlsbad, N.M., Army Air
School, where he will receive ad
vanced flight training in high-level
bombardiering and dead-reckoning
navigation.
* * # *
Captain Peter K. Wagner. Marine
Corps bomber pilot and a former
Stanford student, has been promoted
to his present rank at the Leather
neck air base in the South Pacific.
He is a veteran of 15 combat missions
over enemy territory, and although
his plane has been shot down three
times the Stanford graduate and his
gunner have returned each time.
♦ * «i« #
Bnnnnr Cox has been promoted to
staff sergeant at a Ninth Air Force
base "somewhere in England." Ser
geant Cox worked at Stanford for a
year as a photostat operator, but he
decided to use his technical knowl
edge in the Signal Corps. At present
he is with a Troop Carrier Wing as a
repeater-man in the telephone sec
tion.
Second Lieut. Howard L. Reynolds,
former Stanford student, has report
ed at Carlsbad, N.M., Army Air
School, where he will receive ad
vanced flight training in high-level
bombardiering and dead-reckoning
navigation.
* * # *
Captain Peter K. Wagner. Marine
Corps bomber pilot and a former
Stanford student, has been promoted
to his present rank at the Leather
neck air base in the South Pacific.
He is a veteran of 15 combat missions
over enemy territory, and although
his plane has been shot down three
times the Stanford graduate and his
gunner have returned each time.
♦ * «i« #
Bnnnnr Cox has been promoted to
staff sergeant at a Ninth Air Force
base "somewhere in England." Ser
geant Cox worked at Stanford for a
year as a photostat operator, but he
decided to use his technical knowl
edge in the Signal Corps. At present
he is with a Troop Carrier Wing as a
repeater-man in the telephone sec
tion.
Second Lieut. Howard L. Reynolds,
former Stanford student, has report
ed at Carlsbad, N.M., Army Air
School, where he will receive ad
vanced flight training in high-level
bombardiering and dead-reckoning
navigation.
* * # *
Captain Peter K. Wagner. Marine
Corps bomber pilot and a former
Stanford student, has been promoted
to his present rank at the Leather
neck air base in the South Pacific.
He is a veteran of 15 combat missions
over enemy territory, and although
his plane has been shot down three
times the Stanford graduate and his
gunner have returned each time.
♦ * «i« #
Bnnnnr Cox has been promoted to
staff sergeant at a Ninth Air Force
base "somewhere in England." Ser
geant Cox worked at Stanford for a
year as a photostat operator, but he
decided to use his technical knowl
edge in the Signal Corps. At present
he is with a Troop Carrier Wing as a
repeater-man in the telephone sec
tion.
Second Lieut. Howard L. Reynolds,
former Stanford student, has report
ed at Carlsbad, N.M., Army Air
School, where he will receive ad
vanced flight training in high-level
bombardiering and dead-reckoning
navigation.
* * # *
Captain Peter K. Wagner. Marine
Corps bomber pilot and a former
Stanford student, has been promoted
to his present rank at the Leather
neck air base in the South Pacific.
He is a veteran of 15 combat missions
over enemy territory, and although
his plane has been shot down three
times the Stanford graduate and his
gunner have returned each time.
♦ * «i« #
Bnnnnr Cox has been promoted to
staff sergeant at a Ninth Air Force
base "somewhere in England." Ser
geant Cox worked at Stanford for a
year as a photostat operator, but he
decided to use his technical knowl
edge in the Signal Corps. At present
he is with a Troop Carrier Wing as a
repeater-man in the telephone sec
tion.
Second Lieut. Howard L. Reynolds,
former Stanford student, has report
ed at Carlsbad, N.M., Army Air
School, where he will receive ad
vanced flight training in high-level
bombardiering and dead-reckoning
navigation.
* * # *
Captain Peter K. Wagner. Marine
Corps bomber pilot and a former
Stanford student, has been promoted
to his present rank at the Leather
neck air base in the South Pacific.
He is a veteran of 15 combat missions
over enemy territory, and although
his plane has been shot down three
times the Stanford graduate and his
gunner have returned each time.
♦ * «i« #
Bnnnnr Cox has been promoted to
staff sergeant at a Ninth Air Force
base "somewhere in England." Ser
geant Cox worked at Stanford for a
year as a photostat operator, but he
decided to use his technical knowl
edge in the Signal Corps. At present
he is with a Troop Carrier Wing as a
repeater-man in the telephone sec
tion.
Second Lieut. Howard L. Reynolds,
former Stanford student, has report
ed at Carlsbad, N.M., Army Air
School, where he will receive ad
vanced flight training in high-level
bombardiering and dead-reckoning
navigation.
* * # *
Captain Peter K. Wagner. Marine
Corps bomber pilot and a former
Stanford student, has been promoted
to his present rank at the Leather
neck air base in the South Pacific.
He is a veteran of 15 combat missions
over enemy territory, and although
his plane has been shot down three
times the Stanford graduate and his
gunner have returned each time.
♦ * «i« #
Bnnnnr Cox has been promoted to
staff sergeant at a Ninth Air Force
base "somewhere in England." Ser
geant Cox worked at Stanford for a
year as a photostat operator, but he
decided to use his technical knowl
edge in the Signal Corps. At present
he is with a Troop Carrier Wing as a
repeater-man in the telephone sec
tion.
Second Lieut. Howard L. Reynolds,
former Stanford student, has report
ed at Carlsbad, N.M., Army Air
School, where he will receive ad
vanced flight training in high-level
bombardiering and dead-reckoning
navigation.
* * # *
Captain Peter K. Wagner. Marine
Corps bomber pilot and a former
Stanford student, has been promoted
to his present rank at the Leather
neck air base in the South Pacific.
He is a veteran of 15 combat missions
over enemy territory, and although
his plane has been shot down three
times the Stanford graduate and his
gunner have returned each time.
♦ * «i« #
Bnnnnr Cox has been promoted to
staff sergeant at a Ninth Air Force
base "somewhere in England." Ser
geant Cox worked at Stanford for a
year as a photostat operator, but he
decided to use his technical knowl
edge in the Signal Corps. At present
he is with a Troop Carrier Wing as a
repeater-man in the telephone sec
tion.
Second Lieut. Howard L. Reynolds,
former Stanford student, has report
ed at Carlsbad, N.M., Army Air
School, where he will receive ad
vanced flight training in high-level
bombardiering and dead-reckoning
navigation.
* * # *
Captain Peter K. Wagner. Marine
Corps bomber pilot and a former
Stanford student, has been promoted
to his present rank at the Leather
neck air base in the South Pacific.
He is a veteran of 15 combat missions
over enemy territory, and although
his plane has been shot down three
times the Stanford graduate and his
gunner have returned each time.
♦ * «i« #
Bnnnnr Cox has been promoted to
staff sergeant at a Ninth Air Force
base "somewhere in England." Ser
geant Cox worked at Stanford for a
year as a photostat operator, but he
decided to use his technical knowl
edge in the Signal Corps. At present
he is with a Troop Carrier Wing as a
repeater-man in the telephone sec
tion.
Second Lieut. Howard L. Reynolds,
former Stanford student, has report
ed at Carlsbad, N.M., Army Air
School, where he will receive ad
vanced flight training in high-level
bombardiering and dead-reckoning
navigation.
* * # *
Captain Peter K. Wagner. Marine
Corps bomber pilot and a former
Stanford student, has been promoted
to his present rank at the Leather
neck air base in the South Pacific.
He is a veteran of 15 combat missions
over enemy territory, and although
his plane has been shot down three
times the Stanford graduate and his
gunner have returned each time.
♦ * «i« #
Bnnnnr Cox has been promoted to
staff sergeant at a Ninth Air Force
base "somewhere in England." Ser
geant Cox worked at Stanford for a
year as a photostat operator, but he
decided to use his technical knowl
edge in the Signal Corps. At present
he is with a Troop Carrier Wing as a
repeater-man in the telephone sec
tion.
Second Lieut. Howard L. Reynolds,
former Stanford student, has report
ed at Carlsbad, N.M., Army Air
School, where he will receive ad
vanced flight training in high-level
bombardiering and dead-reckoning
navigation.
* * # *
Captain Peter K. Wagner. Marine
Corps bomber pilot and a former
Stanford student, has been promoted
to his present rank at the Leather
neck air base in the South Pacific.
He is a veteran of 15 combat missions
over enemy territory, and although
his plane has been shot down three
times the Stanford graduate and his
gunner have returned each time.
♦ * «i« #
Bnnnnr Cox has been promoted to
staff sergeant at a Ninth Air Force
base "somewhere in England." Ser
geant Cox worked at Stanford for a
year as a photostat operator, but he
decided to use his technical knowl
edge in the Signal Corps. At present
he is with a Troop Carrier Wing as a
repeater-man in the telephone sec
tion.
Second Lieut. Howard L. Reynolds,
former Stanford student, has report
ed at Carlsbad, N.M., Army Air
School, where he will receive ad
vanced flight training in high-level
bombardiering and dead-reckoning
navigation.
* * # *
Captain Peter K. Wagner. Marine
Corps bomber pilot and a former
Stanford student, has been promoted
to his present rank at the Leather
neck air base in the South Pacific.
He is a veteran of 15 combat missions
over enemy territory, and although
his plane has been shot down three
times the Stanford graduate and his
gunner have returned each time.
♦ * «i« #
Bnnnnr Cox has been promoted to
staff sergeant at a Ninth Air Force
base "somewhere in England." Ser
geant Cox worked at Stanford for a
year as a photostat operator, but he
decided to use his technical knowl
edge in the Signal Corps. At present
he is with a Troop Carrier Wing as a
repeater-man in the telephone sec
tion.
Second Lieut. Howard L. Reynolds,
former Stanford student, has report
ed at Carlsbad, N.M., Army Air
School, where he will receive ad
vanced flight training in high-level
bombardiering and dead-reckoning
navigation.
* * # *
Captain Peter K. Wagner. Marine
Corps bomber pilot and a former
Stanford student, has been promoted
to his present rank at the Leather
neck air base in the South Pacific.
He is a veteran of 15 combat missions
over enemy territory, and although
his plane has been shot down three
times the Stanford graduate and his
gunner have returned each time.
♦ * «i« #
Bnnnnr Cox has been promoted to
staff sergeant at a Ninth Air Force
base "somewhere in England." Ser
geant Cox worked at Stanford for a
year as a photostat operator, but he
decided to use his technical knowl
edge in the Signal Corps. At present
he is with a Troop Carrier Wing as a
repeater-man in the telephone sec
tion.
