# Two Days Remain To Sign for Sing
## 
### 
There remain only two days more
in which living groups may register
for the coming Spring Sing, for
Wednesday, April 26, has been set as
the deadline for entries, according
to Blossom Parke, chairman. Boys'
groups are reminded that the re
quired minimum of 15 singers does
not apply <o their groups, but all
others must fill this requirement or
else must get in touch with Miss
Parke.
Dr. H. J. Popper, directing the
Stanford Band, will open the event
by playing the National Anthem, and
under his direction, the band will
play various selections throughout
the program.
Entertainment by one of the living
groups will be presented in the
Nitery after the sing. Students are
reminded that the date of the Spring
Sing has again been changed to May
4. Tlie program will begin at 7:30 in
the Amphitheater.
There remain only two days more
in which living groups may register
for the coming Spring Sing, for
Wednesday, April 26, has been set as
the deadline for entries, according
to Blossom Parke, chairman. Boys'
groups are reminded that the re
quired minimum of 15 singers does
not apply <o their groups, but all
others must fill this requirement or
else must get in touch with Miss
Parke.
Dr. H. J. Popper, directing the
Stanford Band, will open the event
by playing the National Anthem, and
under his direction, the band will
play various selections throughout
the program.
Entertainment by one of the living
groups will be presented in the
Nitery after the sing. Students are
reminded that the date of the Spring
Sing has again been changed to May
4. Tlie program will begin at 7:30 in
the Amphitheater.
There remain only two days more
in which living groups may register
for the coming Spring Sing, for
Wednesday, April 26, has been set as
the deadline for entries, according
to Blossom Parke, chairman. Boys'
groups are reminded that the re
quired minimum of 15 singers does
not apply <o their groups, but all
others must fill this requirement or
else must get in touch with Miss
Parke.
Dr. H. J. Popper, directing the
Stanford Band, will open the event
by playing the National Anthem, and
under his direction, the band will
play various selections throughout
the program.
Entertainment by one of the living
groups will be presented in the
Nitery after the sing. Students are
reminded that the date of the Spring
Sing has again been changed to May
4. Tlie program will begin at 7:30 in
the Amphitheater.
There remain only two days more
in which living groups may register
for the coming Spring Sing, for
Wednesday, April 26, has been set as
the deadline for entries, according
to Blossom Parke, chairman. Boys'
groups are reminded that the re
quired minimum of 15 singers does
not apply <o their groups, but all
others must fill this requirement or
else must get in touch with Miss
Parke.
Dr. H. J. Popper, directing the
Stanford Band, will open the event
by playing the National Anthem, and
under his direction, the band will
play various selections throughout
the program.
Entertainment by one of the living
groups will be presented in the
Nitery after the sing. Students are
reminded that the date of the Spring
Sing has again been changed to May
4. Tlie program will begin at 7:30 in
the Amphitheater.
There remain only two days more
in which living groups may register
for the coming Spring Sing, for
Wednesday, April 26, has been set as
the deadline for entries, according
to Blossom Parke, chairman. Boys'
groups are reminded that the re
quired minimum of 15 singers does
not apply <o their groups, but all
others must fill this requirement or
else must get in touch with Miss
Parke.
Dr. H. J. Popper, directing the
Stanford Band, will open the event
by playing the National Anthem, and
under his direction, the band will
play various selections throughout
the program.
Entertainment by one of the living
groups will be presented in the
Nitery after the sing. Students are
reminded that the date of the Spring
Sing has again been changed to May
4. Tlie program will begin at 7:30 in
the Amphitheater.
There remain only two days more
in which living groups may register
for the coming Spring Sing, for
Wednesday, April 26, has been set as
the deadline for entries, according
to Blossom Parke, chairman. Boys'
groups are reminded that the re
quired minimum of 15 singers does
not apply <o their groups, but all
others must fill this requirement or
else must get in touch with Miss
Parke.
Dr. H. J. Popper, directing the
Stanford Band, will open the event
by playing the National Anthem, and
under his direction, the band will
play various selections throughout
the program.
Entertainment by one of the living
groups will be presented in the
Nitery after the sing. Students are
reminded that the date of the Spring
Sing has again been changed to May
4. Tlie program will begin at 7:30 in
the Amphitheater.
There remain only two days more
in which living groups may register
for the coming Spring Sing, for
Wednesday, April 26, has been set as
the deadline for entries, according
to Blossom Parke, chairman. Boys'
groups are reminded that the re
quired minimum of 15 singers does
not apply <o their groups, but all
others must fill this requirement or
else must get in touch with Miss
Parke.
Dr. H. J. Popper, directing the
Stanford Band, will open the event
by playing the National Anthem, and
under his direction, the band will
play various selections throughout
the program.
Entertainment by one of the living
groups will be presented in the
Nitery after the sing. Students are
reminded that the date of the Spring
Sing has again been changed to May
4. Tlie program will begin at 7:30 in
the Amphitheater.
There remain only two days more
in which living groups may register
for the coming Spring Sing, for
Wednesday, April 26, has been set as
the deadline for entries, according
to Blossom Parke, chairman. Boys'
groups are reminded that the re
quired minimum of 15 singers does
not apply <o their groups, but all
others must fill this requirement or
else must get in touch with Miss
Parke.
Dr. H. J. Popper, directing the
Stanford Band, will open the event
by playing the National Anthem, and
under his direction, the band will
play various selections throughout
the program.
Entertainment by one of the living
groups will be presented in the
Nitery after the sing. Students are
reminded that the date of the Spring
Sing has again been changed to May
4. Tlie program will begin at 7:30 in
the Amphitheater.
There remain only two days more
in which living groups may register
for the coming Spring Sing, for
Wednesday, April 26, has been set as
the deadline for entries, according
to Blossom Parke, chairman. Boys'
groups are reminded that the re
quired minimum of 15 singers does
not apply <o their groups, but all
others must fill this requirement or
else must get in touch with Miss
Parke.
Dr. H. J. Popper, directing the
Stanford Band, will open the event
by playing the National Anthem, and
under his direction, the band will
play various selections throughout
the program.
Entertainment by one of the living
groups will be presented in the
Nitery after the sing. Students are
reminded that the date of the Spring
Sing has again been changed to May
4. Tlie program will begin at 7:30 in
the Amphitheater.
There remain only two days more
in which living groups may register
for the coming Spring Sing, for
Wednesday, April 26, has been set as
the deadline for entries, according
to Blossom Parke, chairman. Boys'
groups are reminded that the re
quired minimum of 15 singers does
not apply <o their groups, but all
others must fill this requirement or
else must get in touch with Miss
Parke.
Dr. H. J. Popper, directing the
Stanford Band, will open the event
by playing the National Anthem, and
under his direction, the band will
play various selections throughout
the program.
Entertainment by one of the living
groups will be presented in the
Nitery after the sing. Students are
reminded that the date of the Spring
Sing has again been changed to May
4. Tlie program will begin at 7:30 in
the Amphitheater.
There remain only two days more
in which living groups may register
for the coming Spring Sing, for
Wednesday, April 26, has been set as
the deadline for entries, according
to Blossom Parke, chairman. Boys'
groups are reminded that the re
quired minimum of 15 singers does
not apply <o their groups, but all
others must fill this requirement or
else must get in touch with Miss
Parke.
Dr. H. J. Popper, directing the
Stanford Band, will open the event
by playing the National Anthem, and
under his direction, the band will
play various selections throughout
the program.
Entertainment by one of the living
groups will be presented in the
Nitery after the sing. Students are
reminded that the date of the Spring
Sing has again been changed to May
4. Tlie program will begin at 7:30 in
the Amphitheater.
There remain only two days more
in which living groups may register
for the coming Spring Sing, for
Wednesday, April 26, has been set as
the deadline for entries, according
to Blossom Parke, chairman. Boys'
groups are reminded that the re
quired minimum of 15 singers does
not apply <o their groups, but all
others must fill this requirement or
else must get in touch with Miss
Parke.
Dr. H. J. Popper, directing the
Stanford Band, will open the event
by playing the National Anthem, and
under his direction, the band will
play various selections throughout
the program.
Entertainment by one of the living
groups will be presented in the
Nitery after the sing. Students are
reminded that the date of the Spring
Sing has again been changed to May
4. Tlie program will begin at 7:30 in
the Amphitheater.
There remain only two days more
in which living groups may register
for the coming Spring Sing, for
Wednesday, April 26, has been set as
the deadline for entries, according
to Blossom Parke, chairman. Boys'
groups are reminded that the re
quired minimum of 15 singers does
not apply <o their groups, but all
others must fill this requirement or
else must get in touch with Miss
Parke.
Dr. H. J. Popper, directing the
Stanford Band, will open the event
by playing the National Anthem, and
under his direction, the band will
play various selections throughout
the program.
Entertainment by one of the living
groups will be presented in the
Nitery after the sing. Students are
reminded that the date of the Spring
Sing has again been changed to May
4. Tlie program will begin at 7:30 in
the Amphitheater.
There remain only two days more
in which living groups may register
for the coming Spring Sing, for
Wednesday, April 26, has been set as
the deadline for entries, according
to Blossom Parke, chairman. Boys'
groups are reminded that the re
quired minimum of 15 singers does
not apply <o their groups, but all
others must fill this requirement or
else must get in touch with Miss
Parke.
Dr. H. J. Popper, directing the
Stanford Band, will open the event
by playing the National Anthem, and
under his direction, the band will
play various selections throughout
the program.
Entertainment by one of the living
groups will be presented in the
Nitery after the sing. Students are
reminded that the date of the Spring
Sing has again been changed to May
4. Tlie program will begin at 7:30 in
the Amphitheater.
There remain only two days more
in which living groups may register
for the coming Spring Sing, for
Wednesday, April 26, has been set as
the deadline for entries, according
to Blossom Parke, chairman. Boys'
groups are reminded that the re
quired minimum of 15 singers does
not apply <o their groups, but all
others must fill this requirement or
else must get in touch with Miss
Parke.
Dr. H. J. Popper, directing the
Stanford Band, will open the event
by playing the National Anthem, and
under his direction, the band will
play various selections throughout
the program.
Entertainment by one of the living
groups will be presented in the
Nitery after the sing. Students are
reminded that the date of the Spring
Sing has again been changed to May
4. Tlie program will begin at 7:30 in
the Amphitheater.
