# Work on Lagunita.
## 
### 
The work of placing Lagunita in
shape for use has begun. Carpen
ters have been at work placing a
new "collar" on the water-gate and
so strengthening the dam through
out that it is expected that no
water will be able to escape as it
did last year. Water is now flow
ing into the lake at a rate which
should fill it to a navigable depth
inside of six weeks.
The work of placing Lagunita in
shape for use has begun. Carpen
ters have been at work placing a
new "collar" on the water-gate and
so strengthening the dam through
out that it is expected that no
water will be able to escape as it
did last year. Water is now flow
ing into the lake at a rate which
should fill it to a navigable depth
inside of six weeks.
The work of placing Lagunita in
shape for use has begun. Carpen
ters have been at work placing a
new "collar" on the water-gate and
so strengthening the dam through
out that it is expected that no
water will be able to escape as it
did last year. Water is now flow
ing into the lake at a rate which
should fill it to a navigable depth
inside of six weeks.
The work of placing Lagunita in
shape for use has begun. Carpen
ters have been at work placing a
new "collar" on the water-gate and
so strengthening the dam through
out that it is expected that no
water will be able to escape as it
did last year. Water is now flow
ing into the lake at a rate which
should fill it to a navigable depth
inside of six weeks.
The work of placing Lagunita in
shape for use has begun. Carpen
ters have been at work placing a
new "collar" on the water-gate and
so strengthening the dam through
out that it is expected that no
water will be able to escape as it
did last year. Water is now flow
ing into the lake at a rate which
should fill it to a navigable depth
inside of six weeks.
The work of placing Lagunita in
shape for use has begun. Carpen
ters have been at work placing a
new "collar" on the water-gate and
so strengthening the dam through
out that it is expected that no
water will be able to escape as it
did last year. Water is now flow
ing into the lake at a rate which
should fill it to a navigable depth
inside of six weeks.
The work of placing Lagunita in
shape for use has begun. Carpen
ters have been at work placing a
new "collar" on the water-gate and
so strengthening the dam through
out that it is expected that no
water will be able to escape as it
did last year. Water is now flow
ing into the lake at a rate which
should fill it to a navigable depth
inside of six weeks.
The work of placing Lagunita in
shape for use has begun. Carpen
ters have been at work placing a
new "collar" on the water-gate and
so strengthening the dam through
out that it is expected that no
water will be able to escape as it
did last year. Water is now flow
ing into the lake at a rate which
should fill it to a navigable depth
inside of six weeks.
