# FRENCH TALK
## 
### 
AI 7:30 tonight in the Naranja so
cial room, Lagunita, Dr. Hans Motz
will speak to members of the
French Club about modern art.
Sincc he will speak in French, the
meeting if< primarily for advanced
Frcnch students.
AI 7:30 tonight in the Naranja so
cial room, Lagunita, Dr. Hans Motz
will speak to members of the
French Club about modern art.
Sincc he will speak in French, the
meeting if< primarily for advanced
Frcnch students.
AI 7:30 tonight in the Naranja so
cial room, Lagunita, Dr. Hans Motz
will speak to members of the
French Club about modern art.
Sincc he will speak in French, the
meeting if< primarily for advanced
Frcnch students.
AI 7:30 tonight in the Naranja so
cial room, Lagunita, Dr. Hans Motz
will speak to members of the
French Club about modern art.
Sincc he will speak in French, the
meeting if< primarily for advanced
Frcnch students.
AI 7:30 tonight in the Naranja so
cial room, Lagunita, Dr. Hans Motz
will speak to members of the
French Club about modern art.
Sincc he will speak in French, the
meeting if< primarily for advanced
Frcnch students.
AI 7:30 tonight in the Naranja so
cial room, Lagunita, Dr. Hans Motz
will speak to members of the
French Club about modern art.
Sincc he will speak in French, the
meeting if< primarily for advanced
Frcnch students.
AI 7:30 tonight in the Naranja so
cial room, Lagunita, Dr. Hans Motz
will speak to members of the
French Club about modern art.
Sincc he will speak in French, the
meeting if< primarily for advanced
Frcnch students.
AI 7:30 tonight in the Naranja so
cial room, Lagunita, Dr. Hans Motz
will speak to members of the
French Club about modern art.
Sincc he will speak in French, the
meeting if< primarily for advanced
Frcnch students.
AI 7:30 tonight in the Naranja so
cial room, Lagunita, Dr. Hans Motz
will speak to members of the
French Club about modern art.
Sincc he will speak in French, the
meeting if< primarily for advanced
Frcnch students.
AI 7:30 tonight in the Naranja so
cial room, Lagunita, Dr. Hans Motz
will speak to members of the
French Club about modern art.
Sincc he will speak in French, the
meeting if< primarily for advanced
Frcnch students.
AI 7:30 tonight in the Naranja so
cial room, Lagunita, Dr. Hans Motz
will speak to members of the
French Club about modern art.
Sincc he will speak in French, the
meeting if< primarily for advanced
Frcnch students.
AI 7:30 tonight in the Naranja so
cial room, Lagunita, Dr. Hans Motz
will speak to members of the
French Club about modern art.
Sincc he will speak in French, the
meeting if< primarily for advanced
Frcnch students.
AI 7:30 tonight in the Naranja so
cial room, Lagunita, Dr. Hans Motz
will speak to members of the
French Club about modern art.
Sincc he will speak in French, the
meeting if< primarily for advanced
Frcnch students.
AI 7:30 tonight in the Naranja so
cial room, Lagunita, Dr. Hans Motz
will speak to members of the
French Club about modern art.
Sincc he will speak in French, the
meeting if< primarily for advanced
Frcnch students.
AI 7:30 tonight in the Naranja so
cial room, Lagunita, Dr. Hans Motz
will speak to members of the
French Club about modern art.
Sincc he will speak in French, the
meeting if< primarily for advanced
Frcnch students.
