# Swigart Says Fight to Feature Varsit
## 
### T.E. Swigart 
Upon being asked for my opinion of
Stanford's 1917 varsity, I feel that I
can not only give an Honest one but
one gratifying to Stanford supporters.
The feature of this year's varsity is
their fight and snap. These qualities
have characterized their play from the
first and have not diminished during
the season. Although apparently
handicapped by a lack of veterans at
the first of the year, Coach Wylie has
been aided a hundred fold by the fact
that every man knew there were fif
teen open places to he filled, Santa
Clara to be beaten, and a fair deal
awaiting him should he join the
squad.
To Coach Wylie, nothing is due but
praise. His work is most exceptional
and he deserves the congratulations of
every Stanford man for the 1917 var
sity.
Upon being asked for my opinion of
Stanford's 1917 varsity, I feel that I
can not only give an Honest one but
one gratifying to Stanford supporters.
The feature of this year's varsity is
their fight and snap. These qualities
have characterized their play from the
first and have not diminished during
the season. Although apparently
handicapped by a lack of veterans at
the first of the year, Coach Wylie has
been aided a hundred fold by the fact
that every man knew there were fif
teen open places to he filled, Santa
Clara to be beaten, and a fair deal
awaiting him should he join the
squad.
To Coach Wylie, nothing is due but
praise. His work is most exceptional
and he deserves the congratulations of
every Stanford man for the 1917 var
sity.
Upon being asked for my opinion of
Stanford's 1917 varsity, I feel that I
can not only give an Honest one but
one gratifying to Stanford supporters.
The feature of this year's varsity is
their fight and snap. These qualities
have characterized their play from the
first and have not diminished during
the season. Although apparently
handicapped by a lack of veterans at
the first of the year, Coach Wylie has
been aided a hundred fold by the fact
that every man knew there were fif
teen open places to he filled, Santa
Clara to be beaten, and a fair deal
awaiting him should he join the
squad.
To Coach Wylie, nothing is due but
praise. His work is most exceptional
and he deserves the congratulations of
every Stanford man for the 1917 var
sity.
Upon being asked for my opinion of
Stanford's 1917 varsity, I feel that I
can not only give an Honest one but
one gratifying to Stanford supporters.
The feature of this year's varsity is
their fight and snap. These qualities
have characterized their play from the
first and have not diminished during
the season. Although apparently
handicapped by a lack of veterans at
the first of the year, Coach Wylie has
been aided a hundred fold by the fact
that every man knew there were fif
teen open places to he filled, Santa
Clara to be beaten, and a fair deal
awaiting him should he join the
squad.
To Coach Wylie, nothing is due but
praise. His work is most exceptional
and he deserves the congratulations of
every Stanford man for the 1917 var
sity.
Upon being asked for my opinion of
Stanford's 1917 varsity, I feel that I
can not only give an Honest one but
one gratifying to Stanford supporters.
The feature of this year's varsity is
their fight and snap. These qualities
have characterized their play from the
first and have not diminished during
the season. Although apparently
handicapped by a lack of veterans at
the first of the year, Coach Wylie has
been aided a hundred fold by the fact
that every man knew there were fif
teen open places to he filled, Santa
Clara to be beaten, and a fair deal
awaiting him should he join the
squad.
To Coach Wylie, nothing is due but
praise. His work is most exceptional
and he deserves the congratulations of
every Stanford man for the 1917 var
sity.
Upon being asked for my opinion of
Stanford's 1917 varsity, I feel that I
can not only give an Honest one but
one gratifying to Stanford supporters.
The feature of this year's varsity is
their fight and snap. These qualities
have characterized their play from the
first and have not diminished during
the season. Although apparently
handicapped by a lack of veterans at
the first of the year, Coach Wylie has
been aided a hundred fold by the fact
that every man knew there were fif
teen open places to he filled, Santa
Clara to be beaten, and a fair deal
awaiting him should he join the
squad.
To Coach Wylie, nothing is due but
praise. His work is most exceptional
and he deserves the congratulations of
every Stanford man for the 1917 var
sity.
Upon being asked for my opinion of
Stanford's 1917 varsity, I feel that I
can not only give an Honest one but
one gratifying to Stanford supporters.
The feature of this year's varsity is
their fight and snap. These qualities
have characterized their play from the
first and have not diminished during
the season. Although apparently
handicapped by a lack of veterans at
the first of the year, Coach Wylie has
been aided a hundred fold by the fact
that every man knew there were fif
teen open places to he filled, Santa
Clara to be beaten, and a fair deal
awaiting him should he join the
squad.
To Coach Wylie, nothing is due but
praise. His work is most exceptional
and he deserves the congratulations of
every Stanford man for the 1917 var
sity.
Upon being asked for my opinion of
Stanford's 1917 varsity, I feel that I
can not only give an Honest one but
one gratifying to Stanford supporters.
The feature of this year's varsity is
their fight and snap. These qualities
have characterized their play from the
first and have not diminished during
the season. Although apparently
handicapped by a lack of veterans at
the first of the year, Coach Wylie has
been aided a hundred fold by the fact
that every man knew there were fif
teen open places to he filled, Santa
Clara to be beaten, and a fair deal
awaiting him should he join the
squad.
To Coach Wylie, nothing is due but
praise. His work is most exceptional
and he deserves the congratulations of
every Stanford man for the 1917 var
sity.
Upon being asked for my opinion of
Stanford's 1917 varsity, I feel that I
can not only give an Honest one but
one gratifying to Stanford supporters.
The feature of this year's varsity is
their fight and snap. These qualities
have characterized their play from the
first and have not diminished during
the season. Although apparently
handicapped by a lack of veterans at
the first of the year, Coach Wylie has
been aided a hundred fold by the fact
that every man knew there were fif
teen open places to he filled, Santa
Clara to be beaten, and a fair deal
awaiting him should he join the
squad.
To Coach Wylie, nothing is due but
praise. His work is most exceptional
and he deserves the congratulations of
every Stanford man for the 1917 var
sity.
Upon being asked for my opinion of
Stanford's 1917 varsity, I feel that I
can not only give an Honest one but
one gratifying to Stanford supporters.
The feature of this year's varsity is
their fight and snap. These qualities
have characterized their play from the
first and have not diminished during
the season. Although apparently
handicapped by a lack of veterans at
the first of the year, Coach Wylie has
been aided a hundred fold by the fact
that every man knew there were fif
teen open places to he filled, Santa
Clara to be beaten, and a fair deal
awaiting him should he join the
squad.
To Coach Wylie, nothing is due but
praise. His work is most exceptional
and he deserves the congratulations of
every Stanford man for the 1917 var
sity.
Upon being asked for my opinion of
Stanford's 1917 varsity, I feel that I
can not only give an Honest one but
one gratifying to Stanford supporters.
The feature of this year's varsity is
their fight and snap. These qualities
have characterized their play from the
first and have not diminished during
the season. Although apparently
handicapped by a lack of veterans at
the first of the year, Coach Wylie has
been aided a hundred fold by the fact
that every man knew there were fif
teen open places to he filled, Santa
Clara to be beaten, and a fair deal
awaiting him should he join the
squad.
To Coach Wylie, nothing is due but
praise. His work is most exceptional
and he deserves the congratulations of
every Stanford man for the 1917 var
sity.
Upon being asked for my opinion of
Stanford's 1917 varsity, I feel that I
can not only give an Honest one but
one gratifying to Stanford supporters.
The feature of this year's varsity is
their fight and snap. These qualities
have characterized their play from the
first and have not diminished during
the season. Although apparently
handicapped by a lack of veterans at
the first of the year, Coach Wylie has
been aided a hundred fold by the fact
that every man knew there were fif
teen open places to he filled, Santa
Clara to be beaten, and a fair deal
awaiting him should he join the
squad.
To Coach Wylie, nothing is due but
praise. His work is most exceptional
and he deserves the congratulations of
every Stanford man for the 1917 var
sity.
Upon being asked for my opinion of
Stanford's 1917 varsity, I feel that I
can not only give an Honest one but
one gratifying to Stanford supporters.
The feature of this year's varsity is
their fight and snap. These qualities
have characterized their play from the
first and have not diminished during
the season. Although apparently
handicapped by a lack of veterans at
the first of the year, Coach Wylie has
been aided a hundred fold by the fact
that every man knew there were fif
teen open places to he filled, Santa
Clara to be beaten, and a fair deal
awaiting him should he join the
squad.
To Coach Wylie, nothing is due but
praise. His work is most exceptional
and he deserves the congratulations of
every Stanford man for the 1917 var
sity.
Upon being asked for my opinion of
Stanford's 1917 varsity, I feel that I
can not only give an Honest one but
one gratifying to Stanford supporters.
The feature of this year's varsity is
their fight and snap. These qualities
have characterized their play from the
first and have not diminished during
the season. Although apparently
handicapped by a lack of veterans at
the first of the year, Coach Wylie has
been aided a hundred fold by the fact
that every man knew there were fif
teen open places to he filled, Santa
Clara to be beaten, and a fair deal
awaiting him should he join the
squad.
To Coach Wylie, nothing is due but
praise. His work is most exceptional
and he deserves the congratulations of
every Stanford man for the 1917 var
sity.
Upon being asked for my opinion of
Stanford's 1917 varsity, I feel that I
can not only give an Honest one but
one gratifying to Stanford supporters.
The feature of this year's varsity is
their fight and snap. These qualities
have characterized their play from the
first and have not diminished during
the season. Although apparently
handicapped by a lack of veterans at
the first of the year, Coach Wylie has
been aided a hundred fold by the fact
that every man knew there were fif
teen open places to he filled, Santa
Clara to be beaten, and a fair deal
awaiting him should he join the
squad.
To Coach Wylie, nothing is due but
praise. His work is most exceptional
and he deserves the congratulations of
every Stanford man for the 1917 var
sity.
