# STANFORD, CALIFORNIA TO DEBATE
## 
### 
"Stanford lias a good fighting
andexperience should tell," said Karl
E. Leib, instructor in English and de
bating coach, in referring to Stan
ford's chances for a victory in the
intercollegiate debate to be held in
ihe Assembly Hall tomorrow evening.
"The team was selected from a squad
of eight, about three weeks ago, and
has been in constant training since
that time, and so has a thorough un
dersanding of all angles of the ques
tion; this is bound to count," contin
ued Leib.
With .1. G. Driscoll, '18, Margaret
Shedd, '20, and W. I. Ames, 'IS, Stan
ford's representatives on the negative
side of the question, "Resolved, That
in war time the federal government
should employ conscription of labor to

! insure the necessary output of war
materials," the coach's prophecy
seems none too optimistic. All of the
Cardinal debaters have had varsity ex
perience of some sort before this quar
ter, Driscoll being a veteran of last
year's Carnot team, while Miss Shedd
and Ames debated against the Uni
versity of Southern California last
semester.
The California team is lacking in
experience, but is highly touted for
debating ability. For the first time
within the history of California-
Stanford Intercollegiate forensic con
tests there is a woman debater on the
California team. Miss Mildred Little,
'19, W. N. Griffin, '19, and J. J. Posner,
'19. with 11. 11. Mozzera, '19, as alter-
