# Directors of PCL To Choose Prexy
## 
### 
The chief item of business up for
discussion at the meeting of the Pa
cific Coast League directors, which
will be held next Monday, is the se
lection of a new president for the
league. The former president, W. C.
"Two Gun" Tuttle, has resigned.
The list of candidates for the post
has now been narrowed down to
! about five who are most likely to be
selected. These include: Matt Brady,
who for 24 years served as district
attorney of San Francisco: Jimmy
Phelan, former University of Wash
ington football coach who is now
coaching at St. Mary's College; Clar
ence "Pants" Rowland, president of
the Los Angeles Baseball Club; Wil
liam Schroeder of Los Angeles; and
Edward Farrell, also of Los Angeles.
The chief item of business up for
discussion at the meeting of the Pa
cific Coast League directors, which
will be held next Monday, is the se
lection of a new president for the
league. The former president, W. C.
"Two Gun" Tuttle, has resigned.
The list of candidates for the post
has now been narrowed down to
! about five who are most likely to be
selected. These include: Matt Brady,
who for 24 years served as district
attorney of San Francisco: Jimmy
Phelan, former University of Wash
ington football coach who is now
coaching at St. Mary's College; Clar
ence "Pants" Rowland, president of
the Los Angeles Baseball Club; Wil
liam Schroeder of Los Angeles; and
Edward Farrell, also of Los Angeles.
The chief item of business up for
discussion at the meeting of the Pa
cific Coast League directors, which
will be held next Monday, is the se
lection of a new president for the
league. The former president, W. C.
"Two Gun" Tuttle, has resigned.
The list of candidates for the post
has now been narrowed down to
! about five who are most likely to be
selected. These include: Matt Brady,
who for 24 years served as district
attorney of San Francisco: Jimmy
Phelan, former University of Wash
ington football coach who is now
coaching at St. Mary's College; Clar
ence "Pants" Rowland, president of
the Los Angeles Baseball Club; Wil
liam Schroeder of Los Angeles; and
Edward Farrell, also of Los Angeles.
The chief item of business up for
discussion at the meeting of the Pa
cific Coast League directors, which
will be held next Monday, is the se
lection of a new president for the
league. The former president, W. C.
"Two Gun" Tuttle, has resigned.
The list of candidates for the post
has now been narrowed down to
! about five who are most likely to be
selected. These include: Matt Brady,
who for 24 years served as district
attorney of San Francisco: Jimmy
Phelan, former University of Wash
ington football coach who is now
coaching at St. Mary's College; Clar
ence "Pants" Rowland, president of
the Los Angeles Baseball Club; Wil
liam Schroeder of Los Angeles; and
Edward Farrell, also of Los Angeles.
The chief item of business up for
discussion at the meeting of the Pa
cific Coast League directors, which
will be held next Monday, is the se
lection of a new president for the
league. The former president, W. C.
"Two Gun" Tuttle, has resigned.
The list of candidates for the post
has now been narrowed down to
! about five who are most likely to be
selected. These include: Matt Brady,
who for 24 years served as district
attorney of San Francisco: Jimmy
Phelan, former University of Wash
ington football coach who is now
coaching at St. Mary's College; Clar
ence "Pants" Rowland, president of
the Los Angeles Baseball Club; Wil
liam Schroeder of Los Angeles; and
Edward Farrell, also of Los Angeles.
The chief item of business up for
discussion at the meeting of the Pa
cific Coast League directors, which
will be held next Monday, is the se
lection of a new president for the
league. The former president, W. C.
"Two Gun" Tuttle, has resigned.
The list of candidates for the post
has now been narrowed down to
! about five who are most likely to be
selected. These include: Matt Brady,
who for 24 years served as district
attorney of San Francisco: Jimmy
Phelan, former University of Wash
ington football coach who is now
coaching at St. Mary's College; Clar
ence "Pants" Rowland, president of
the Los Angeles Baseball Club; Wil
liam Schroeder of Los Angeles; and
Edward Farrell, also of Los Angeles.
The chief item of business up for
discussion at the meeting of the Pa
cific Coast League directors, which
will be held next Monday, is the se
lection of a new president for the
league. The former president, W. C.
"Two Gun" Tuttle, has resigned.
The list of candidates for the post
has now been narrowed down to
! about five who are most likely to be
selected. These include: Matt Brady,
who for 24 years served as district
attorney of San Francisco: Jimmy
Phelan, former University of Wash
ington football coach who is now
coaching at St. Mary's College; Clar
ence "Pants" Rowland, president of
the Los Angeles Baseball Club; Wil
liam Schroeder of Los Angeles; and
Edward Farrell, also of Los Angeles.
The chief item of business up for
discussion at the meeting of the Pa
cific Coast League directors, which
will be held next Monday, is the se
lection of a new president for the
league. The former president, W. C.
"Two Gun" Tuttle, has resigned.
The list of candidates for the post
has now been narrowed down to
! about five who are most likely to be
selected. These include: Matt Brady,
who for 24 years served as district
attorney of San Francisco: Jimmy
Phelan, former University of Wash
ington football coach who is now
coaching at St. Mary's College; Clar
ence "Pants" Rowland, president of
the Los Angeles Baseball Club; Wil
liam Schroeder of Los Angeles; and
Edward Farrell, also of Los Angeles.
The chief item of business up for
discussion at the meeting of the Pa
cific Coast League directors, which
will be held next Monday, is the se
lection of a new president for the
league. The former president, W. C.
"Two Gun" Tuttle, has resigned.
The list of candidates for the post
has now been narrowed down to
! about five who are most likely to be
selected. These include: Matt Brady,
who for 24 years served as district
attorney of San Francisco: Jimmy
Phelan, former University of Wash
ington football coach who is now
coaching at St. Mary's College; Clar
ence "Pants" Rowland, president of
the Los Angeles Baseball Club; Wil
liam Schroeder of Los Angeles; and
Edward Farrell, also of Los Angeles.
The chief item of business up for
discussion at the meeting of the Pa
cific Coast League directors, which
will be held next Monday, is the se
lection of a new president for the
league. The former president, W. C.
"Two Gun" Tuttle, has resigned.
The list of candidates for the post
has now been narrowed down to
! about five who are most likely to be
selected. These include: Matt Brady,
who for 24 years served as district
attorney of San Francisco: Jimmy
Phelan, former University of Wash
ington football coach who is now
coaching at St. Mary's College; Clar
ence "Pants" Rowland, president of
the Los Angeles Baseball Club; Wil
liam Schroeder of Los Angeles; and
Edward Farrell, also of Los Angeles.
The chief item of business up for
discussion at the meeting of the Pa
cific Coast League directors, which
will be held next Monday, is the se
lection of a new president for the
league. The former president, W. C.
"Two Gun" Tuttle, has resigned.
The list of candidates for the post
has now been narrowed down to
! about five who are most likely to be
selected. These include: Matt Brady,
who for 24 years served as district
attorney of San Francisco: Jimmy
Phelan, former University of Wash
ington football coach who is now
coaching at St. Mary's College; Clar
ence "Pants" Rowland, president of
the Los Angeles Baseball Club; Wil
liam Schroeder of Los Angeles; and
Edward Farrell, also of Los Angeles.
The chief item of business up for
discussion at the meeting of the Pa
cific Coast League directors, which
will be held next Monday, is the se
lection of a new president for the
league. The former president, W. C.
"Two Gun" Tuttle, has resigned.
The list of candidates for the post
has now been narrowed down to
! about five who are most likely to be
selected. These include: Matt Brady,
who for 24 years served as district
attorney of San Francisco: Jimmy
Phelan, former University of Wash
ington football coach who is now
coaching at St. Mary's College; Clar
ence "Pants" Rowland, president of
the Los Angeles Baseball Club; Wil
liam Schroeder of Los Angeles; and
Edward Farrell, also of Los Angeles.
The chief item of business up for
discussion at the meeting of the Pa
cific Coast League directors, which
will be held next Monday, is the se
lection of a new president for the
league. The former president, W. C.
"Two Gun" Tuttle, has resigned.
The list of candidates for the post
has now been narrowed down to
! about five who are most likely to be
selected. These include: Matt Brady,
who for 24 years served as district
attorney of San Francisco: Jimmy
Phelan, former University of Wash
ington football coach who is now
coaching at St. Mary's College; Clar
ence "Pants" Rowland, president of
the Los Angeles Baseball Club; Wil
liam Schroeder of Los Angeles; and
Edward Farrell, also of Los Angeles.
The chief item of business up for
discussion at the meeting of the Pa
cific Coast League directors, which
will be held next Monday, is the se
lection of a new president for the
league. The former president, W. C.
"Two Gun" Tuttle, has resigned.
The list of candidates for the post
has now been narrowed down to
! about five who are most likely to be
selected. These include: Matt Brady,
who for 24 years served as district
attorney of San Francisco: Jimmy
Phelan, former University of Wash
ington football coach who is now
coaching at St. Mary's College; Clar
ence "Pants" Rowland, president of
the Los Angeles Baseball Club; Wil
liam Schroeder of Los Angeles; and
Edward Farrell, also of Los Angeles.
The chief item of business up for
discussion at the meeting of the Pa
cific Coast League directors, which
will be held next Monday, is the se
lection of a new president for the
league. The former president, W. C.
"Two Gun" Tuttle, has resigned.
The list of candidates for the post
has now been narrowed down to
! about five who are most likely to be
selected. These include: Matt Brady,
who for 24 years served as district
attorney of San Francisco: Jimmy
Phelan, former University of Wash
ington football coach who is now
coaching at St. Mary's College; Clar
ence "Pants" Rowland, president of
the Los Angeles Baseball Club; Wil
liam Schroeder of Los Angeles; and
Edward Farrell, also of Los Angeles.
The chief item of business up for
discussion at the meeting of the Pa
cific Coast League directors, which
will be held next Monday, is the se
lection of a new president for the
league. The former president, W. C.
"Two Gun" Tuttle, has resigned.
The list of candidates for the post
has now been narrowed down to
! about five who are most likely to be
selected. These include: Matt Brady,
who for 24 years served as district
attorney of San Francisco: Jimmy
Phelan, former University of Wash
ington football coach who is now
coaching at St. Mary's College; Clar
ence "Pants" Rowland, president of
the Los Angeles Baseball Club; Wil
liam Schroeder of Los Angeles; and
Edward Farrell, also of Los Angeles.
