# Untitled Article
## 
### 

Al Green — Daily
Amandla!
A student from East Palo Alto's Shule Mandela Academy raises her fist in a
power salute at a rally in White Plaza yesterday. The rally was organized by
the Stanford African Students Association to celebrate South African leader
Nelson Mandela's release from prison. "Amandla," a South African word for
power, was the first public word Mandela spoke upon his release Sunday.

Al Green — Daily
Amandla!
A student from East Palo Alto's Shule Mandela Academy raises her fist in a
power salute at a rally in White Plaza yesterday. The rally was organized by
the Stanford African Students Association to celebrate South African leader
Nelson Mandela's release from prison. "Amandla," a South African word for
power, was the first public word Mandela spoke upon his release Sunday.

Al Green — Daily
Amandla!
A student from East Palo Alto's Shule Mandela Academy raises her fist in a
power salute at a rally in White Plaza yesterday. The rally was organized by
the Stanford African Students Association to celebrate South African leader
Nelson Mandela's release from prison. "Amandla," a South African word for
power, was the first public word Mandela spoke upon his release Sunday.

Al Green — Daily
Amandla!
A student from East Palo Alto's Shule Mandela Academy raises her fist in a
power salute at a rally in White Plaza yesterday. The rally was organized by
the Stanford African Students Association to celebrate South African leader
Nelson Mandela's release from prison. "Amandla," a South African word for
power, was the first public word Mandela spoke upon his release Sunday.

Al Green — Daily
Amandla!
A student from East Palo Alto's Shule Mandela Academy raises her fist in a
power salute at a rally in White Plaza yesterday. The rally was organized by
the Stanford African Students Association to celebrate South African leader
Nelson Mandela's release from prison. "Amandla," a South African word for
power, was the first public word Mandela spoke upon his release Sunday.

Al Green — Daily
Amandla!
A student from East Palo Alto's Shule Mandela Academy raises her fist in a
power salute at a rally in White Plaza yesterday. The rally was organized by
the Stanford African Students Association to celebrate South African leader
Nelson Mandela's release from prison. "Amandla," a South African word for
power, was the first public word Mandela spoke upon his release Sunday.

Al Green — Daily
Amandla!
A student from East Palo Alto's Shule Mandela Academy raises her fist in a
power salute at a rally in White Plaza yesterday. The rally was organized by
the Stanford African Students Association to celebrate South African leader
Nelson Mandela's release from prison. "Amandla," a South African word for
power, was the first public word Mandela spoke upon his release Sunday.

Al Green — Daily
Amandla!
A student from East Palo Alto's Shule Mandela Academy raises her fist in a
power salute at a rally in White Plaza yesterday. The rally was organized by
the Stanford African Students Association to celebrate South African leader
Nelson Mandela's release from prison. "Amandla," a South African word for
power, was the first public word Mandela spoke upon his release Sunday.
