# FEATURES
## Ballet pointes out troupe's power Forsythe production a showcase for City company's expressive flair 
### Allison Gerson Staff writer 
When I left the San Francisco
Ballet's production of William
Forsythe's "In the middle, some
what elevated" last year, I hoped
they would perform it again in
the 1990 season. Well, I got my
wish.
San Francisco Ballet's program
111, which premiered Feb. 2, com
bines Forsythe's explosive piece
with George Balanchine's "Ballo
della Regina" and David Bintley's
"The 'Wanderer' Fantasy." The
three pieces provide an excellent
showcase for the San Francisco
company's virtuositv and expres
sive power.
"Ballo della Regina" is set to
music from Guiseppe Verdi's
opera, "Don Carlos." Originally,
the plot for the ballet scene con
cerned the search for the perfect
pearl in an underwater kingdom.
Balanchine's own version cap
tures all the buoyancy of an
ocean world.

Principal dancer Reyes and
soloist Elizabeth Loscavio per
formed the difficult lead roles
with great skill and flair. Los
cavio's quick and flirtatious
pointe work make her feet seem
like sunshine flickering on the
waves.
Though Reyes also held his
own with his impressive beats
and leaps, he appeared less con
fident while partnering Loscavio.
By carefully watching his hands
instead of the audience, Reyes
seemed like he was afraid she
would slip out.
The second piece of the eve
ning was the world premiere of
"The 'Wanderer' Fantasy," mu
sically arranged to Franz
Schubert's "Fantasia for Piano
and Orchestra in C." Schubert's
piece describes a nomad from
afar seeking "the land where
roses bloom." The wanderer
begins to realize that he will
never find such a place, as a
voice whispers, "where you are
not — there is happiness."

Bintley, formerly a resident
choreographer with the Royal
Ballet in London, transfers the
loneliness and longing of the
music into movement. Before a
somber backdrop, the dancers
continually move together and
apart, flu idly forming and
reforming groups. The ballet con
cludes with all eight dancers on
stage, performing parallel and se
quential variations synchronized
with the fugues of the music.
While "Balla della Regina" and
"Wanderer" look familiarly clas
sical, "In the middle, somewhat
elevated" is shockingly different.
Filled with purely energetic
movement, the ballet's only
props are two golden cherries
suspended above center stage.
Composer Tom Williams' score
is both hypnotic and forceful.
"In the middle" leaves one sur
prised and curious to see what
else Forsythe can do. And once
again, it left me hoping that it
will be in the San Francisco Bal
let's repertoire for next season.


Marty Sohl
Ashley Wheater, left, and Jamie Zimmerman of the San Francisco Ballet perform in William
Forsythe's powerful "In the Middle, Somewhat Elevated."
When I left the San Francisco
Ballet's production of William
Forsythe's "In the middle, some
what elevated" last year, I hoped
they would perform it again in
the 1990 season. Well, I got my
wish.
San Francisco Ballet's program
111, which premiered Feb. 2, com
bines Forsythe's explosive piece
with George Balanchine's "Ballo
della Regina" and David Bintley's
"The 'Wanderer' Fantasy." The
three pieces provide an excellent
showcase for the San Francisco
company's virtuositv and expres
sive power.
"Ballo della Regina" is set to
music from Guiseppe Verdi's
opera, "Don Carlos." Originally,
the plot for the ballet scene con
cerned the search for the perfect
pearl in an underwater kingdom.
Balanchine's own version cap
tures all the buoyancy of an
ocean world.

Principal dancer Reyes and
soloist Elizabeth Loscavio per
formed the difficult lead roles
with great skill and flair. Los
cavio's quick and flirtatious
pointe work make her feet seem
like sunshine flickering on the
waves.
Though Reyes also held his
own with his impressive beats
and leaps, he appeared less con
fident while partnering Loscavio.
By carefully watching his hands
instead of the audience, Reyes
seemed like he was afraid she
would slip out.
The second piece of the eve
ning was the world premiere of
"The 'Wanderer' Fantasy," mu
sically arranged to Franz
Schubert's "Fantasia for Piano
and Orchestra in C." Schubert's
piece describes a nomad from
afar seeking "the land where
roses bloom." The wanderer
begins to realize that he will
never find such a place, as a
voice whispers, "where you are
not — there is happiness."

Bintley, formerly a resident
choreographer with the Royal
Ballet in London, transfers the
loneliness and longing of the
music into movement. Before a
somber backdrop, the dancers
continually move together and
apart, flu idly forming and
reforming groups. The ballet con
cludes with all eight dancers on
stage, performing parallel and se
quential variations synchronized
with the fugues of the music.
While "Balla della Regina" and
"Wanderer" look familiarly clas
sical, "In the middle, somewhat
elevated" is shockingly different.
Filled with purely energetic
movement, the ballet's only
props are two golden cherries
suspended above center stage.
Composer Tom Williams' score
is both hypnotic and forceful.
"In the middle" leaves one sur
prised and curious to see what
else Forsythe can do. And once
again, it left me hoping that it
will be in the San Francisco Bal
let's repertoire for next season.


Marty Sohl
Ashley Wheater, left, and Jamie Zimmerman of the San Francisco Ballet perform in William
Forsythe's powerful "In the Middle, Somewhat Elevated."
When I left the San Francisco
Ballet's production of William
Forsythe's "In the middle, some
what elevated" last year, I hoped
they would perform it again in
the 1990 season. Well, I got my
wish.
San Francisco Ballet's program
111, which premiered Feb. 2, com
bines Forsythe's explosive piece
with George Balanchine's "Ballo
della Regina" and David Bintley's
"The 'Wanderer' Fantasy." The
three pieces provide an excellent
showcase for the San Francisco
company's virtuositv and expres
sive power.
"Ballo della Regina" is set to
music from Guiseppe Verdi's
opera, "Don Carlos." Originally,
the plot for the ballet scene con
cerned the search for the perfect
pearl in an underwater kingdom.
Balanchine's own version cap
tures all the buoyancy of an
ocean world.

Principal dancer Reyes and
soloist Elizabeth Loscavio per
formed the difficult lead roles
with great skill and flair. Los
cavio's quick and flirtatious
pointe work make her feet seem
like sunshine flickering on the
waves.
Though Reyes also held his
own with his impressive beats
and leaps, he appeared less con
fident while partnering Loscavio.
By carefully watching his hands
instead of the audience, Reyes
seemed like he was afraid she
would slip out.
The second piece of the eve
ning was the world premiere of
"The 'Wanderer' Fantasy," mu
sically arranged to Franz
Schubert's "Fantasia for Piano
and Orchestra in C." Schubert's
piece describes a nomad from
afar seeking "the land where
roses bloom." The wanderer
begins to realize that he will
never find such a place, as a
voice whispers, "where you are
not — there is happiness."

Bintley, formerly a resident
choreographer with the Royal
Ballet in London, transfers the
loneliness and longing of the
music into movement. Before a
somber backdrop, the dancers
continually move together and
apart, flu idly forming and
reforming groups. The ballet con
cludes with all eight dancers on
stage, performing parallel and se
quential variations synchronized
with the fugues of the music.
While "Balla della Regina" and
"Wanderer" look familiarly clas
sical, "In the middle, somewhat
elevated" is shockingly different.
Filled with purely energetic
movement, the ballet's only
props are two golden cherries
suspended above center stage.
Composer Tom Williams' score
is both hypnotic and forceful.
"In the middle" leaves one sur
prised and curious to see what
else Forsythe can do. And once
again, it left me hoping that it
will be in the San Francisco Bal
let's repertoire for next season.


Marty Sohl
Ashley Wheater, left, and Jamie Zimmerman of the San Francisco Ballet perform in William
Forsythe's powerful "In the Middle, Somewhat Elevated."
When I left the San Francisco
Ballet's production of William
Forsythe's "In the middle, some
what elevated" last year, I hoped
they would perform it again in
the 1990 season. Well, I got my
wish.
San Francisco Ballet's program
111, which premiered Feb. 2, com
bines Forsythe's explosive piece
with George Balanchine's "Ballo
della Regina" and David Bintley's
"The 'Wanderer' Fantasy." The
three pieces provide an excellent
showcase for the San Francisco
company's virtuositv and expres
sive power.
"Ballo della Regina" is set to
music from Guiseppe Verdi's
opera, "Don Carlos." Originally,
the plot for the ballet scene con
cerned the search for the perfect
pearl in an underwater kingdom.
Balanchine's own version cap
tures all the buoyancy of an
ocean world.

Principal dancer Reyes and
soloist Elizabeth Loscavio per
formed the difficult lead roles
with great skill and flair. Los
cavio's quick and flirtatious
pointe work make her feet seem
like sunshine flickering on the
waves.
Though Reyes also held his
own with his impressive beats
and leaps, he appeared less con
fident while partnering Loscavio.
By carefully watching his hands
instead of the audience, Reyes
seemed like he was afraid she
would slip out.
The second piece of the eve
ning was the world premiere of
"The 'Wanderer' Fantasy," mu
sically arranged to Franz
Schubert's "Fantasia for Piano
and Orchestra in C." Schubert's
piece describes a nomad from
afar seeking "the land where
roses bloom." The wanderer
begins to realize that he will
never find such a place, as a
voice whispers, "where you are
not — there is happiness."

Bintley, formerly a resident
choreographer with the Royal
Ballet in London, transfers the
loneliness and longing of the
music into movement. Before a
somber backdrop, the dancers
continually move together and
apart, flu idly forming and
reforming groups. The ballet con
cludes with all eight dancers on
stage, performing parallel and se
quential variations synchronized
with the fugues of the music.
While "Balla della Regina" and
"Wanderer" look familiarly clas
sical, "In the middle, somewhat
elevated" is shockingly different.
Filled with purely energetic
movement, the ballet's only
props are two golden cherries
suspended above center stage.
Composer Tom Williams' score
is both hypnotic and forceful.
"In the middle" leaves one sur
prised and curious to see what
else Forsythe can do. And once
again, it left me hoping that it
will be in the San Francisco Bal
let's repertoire for next season.


Marty Sohl
Ashley Wheater, left, and Jamie Zimmerman of the San Francisco Ballet perform in William
Forsythe's powerful "In the Middle, Somewhat Elevated."
When I left the San Francisco
Ballet's production of William
Forsythe's "In the middle, some
what elevated" last year, I hoped
they would perform it again in
the 1990 season. Well, I got my
wish.
San Francisco Ballet's program
111, which premiered Feb. 2, com
bines Forsythe's explosive piece
with George Balanchine's "Ballo
della Regina" and David Bintley's
"The 'Wanderer' Fantasy." The
three pieces provide an excellent
showcase for the San Francisco
company's virtuositv and expres
sive power.
"Ballo della Regina" is set to
music from Guiseppe Verdi's
opera, "Don Carlos." Originally,
the plot for the ballet scene con
cerned the search for the perfect
pearl in an underwater kingdom.
Balanchine's own version cap
tures all the buoyancy of an
ocean world.

Principal dancer Reyes and
soloist Elizabeth Loscavio per
formed the difficult lead roles
with great skill and flair. Los
cavio's quick and flirtatious
pointe work make her feet seem
like sunshine flickering on the
waves.
Though Reyes also held his
own with his impressive beats
and leaps, he appeared less con
fident while partnering Loscavio.
By carefully watching his hands
instead of the audience, Reyes
seemed like he was afraid she
would slip out.
The second piece of the eve
ning was the world premiere of
"The 'Wanderer' Fantasy," mu
sically arranged to Franz
Schubert's "Fantasia for Piano
and Orchestra in C." Schubert's
piece describes a nomad from
afar seeking "the land where
roses bloom." The wanderer
begins to realize that he will
never find such a place, as a
voice whispers, "where you are
not — there is happiness."

Bintley, formerly a resident
choreographer with the Royal
Ballet in London, transfers the
loneliness and longing of the
music into movement. Before a
somber backdrop, the dancers
continually move together and
apart, flu idly forming and
reforming groups. The ballet con
cludes with all eight dancers on
stage, performing parallel and se
quential variations synchronized
with the fugues of the music.
While "Balla della Regina" and
"Wanderer" look familiarly clas
sical, "In the middle, somewhat
elevated" is shockingly different.
Filled with purely energetic
movement, the ballet's only
props are two golden cherries
suspended above center stage.
Composer Tom Williams' score
is both hypnotic and forceful.
"In the middle" leaves one sur
prised and curious to see what
else Forsythe can do. And once
again, it left me hoping that it
will be in the San Francisco Bal
let's repertoire for next season.


Marty Sohl
Ashley Wheater, left, and Jamie Zimmerman of the San Francisco Ballet perform in William
Forsythe's powerful "In the Middle, Somewhat Elevated."
When I left the San Francisco
Ballet's production of William
Forsythe's "In the middle, some
what elevated" last year, I hoped
they would perform it again in
the 1990 season. Well, I got my
wish.
San Francisco Ballet's program
111, which premiered Feb. 2, com
bines Forsythe's explosive piece
with George Balanchine's "Ballo
della Regina" and David Bintley's
"The 'Wanderer' Fantasy." The
three pieces provide an excellent
showcase for the San Francisco
company's virtuositv and expres
sive power.
"Ballo della Regina" is set to
music from Guiseppe Verdi's
opera, "Don Carlos." Originally,
the plot for the ballet scene con
cerned the search for the perfect
pearl in an underwater kingdom.
Balanchine's own version cap
tures all the buoyancy of an
ocean world.

Principal dancer Reyes and
soloist Elizabeth Loscavio per
formed the difficult lead roles
with great skill and flair. Los
cavio's quick and flirtatious
pointe work make her feet seem
like sunshine flickering on the
waves.
Though Reyes also held his
own with his impressive beats
and leaps, he appeared less con
fident while partnering Loscavio.
By carefully watching his hands
instead of the audience, Reyes
seemed like he was afraid she
would slip out.
The second piece of the eve
ning was the world premiere of
"The 'Wanderer' Fantasy," mu
sically arranged to Franz
Schubert's "Fantasia for Piano
and Orchestra in C." Schubert's
piece describes a nomad from
afar seeking "the land where
roses bloom." The wanderer
begins to realize that he will
never find such a place, as a
voice whispers, "where you are
not — there is happiness."

Bintley, formerly a resident
choreographer with the Royal
Ballet in London, transfers the
loneliness and longing of the
music into movement. Before a
somber backdrop, the dancers
continually move together and
apart, flu idly forming and
reforming groups. The ballet con
cludes with all eight dancers on
stage, performing parallel and se
quential variations synchronized
with the fugues of the music.
While "Balla della Regina" and
"Wanderer" look familiarly clas
sical, "In the middle, somewhat
elevated" is shockingly different.
Filled with purely energetic
movement, the ballet's only
props are two golden cherries
suspended above center stage.
Composer Tom Williams' score
is both hypnotic and forceful.
"In the middle" leaves one sur
prised and curious to see what
else Forsythe can do. And once
again, it left me hoping that it
will be in the San Francisco Bal
let's repertoire for next season.


Marty Sohl
Ashley Wheater, left, and Jamie Zimmerman of the San Francisco Ballet perform in William
Forsythe's powerful "In the Middle, Somewhat Elevated."
When I left the San Francisco
Ballet's production of William
Forsythe's "In the middle, some
what elevated" last year, I hoped
they would perform it again in
the 1990 season. Well, I got my
wish.
San Francisco Ballet's program
111, which premiered Feb. 2, com
bines Forsythe's explosive piece
with George Balanchine's "Ballo
della Regina" and David Bintley's
"The 'Wanderer' Fantasy." The
three pieces provide an excellent
showcase for the San Francisco
company's virtuositv and expres
sive power.
"Ballo della Regina" is set to
music from Guiseppe Verdi's
opera, "Don Carlos." Originally,
the plot for the ballet scene con
cerned the search for the perfect
pearl in an underwater kingdom.
Balanchine's own version cap
tures all the buoyancy of an
ocean world.

Principal dancer Reyes and
soloist Elizabeth Loscavio per
formed the difficult lead roles
with great skill and flair. Los
cavio's quick and flirtatious
pointe work make her feet seem
like sunshine flickering on the
waves.
Though Reyes also held his
own with his impressive beats
and leaps, he appeared less con
fident while partnering Loscavio.
By carefully watching his hands
instead of the audience, Reyes
seemed like he was afraid she
would slip out.
The second piece of the eve
ning was the world premiere of
"The 'Wanderer' Fantasy," mu
sically arranged to Franz
Schubert's "Fantasia for Piano
and Orchestra in C." Schubert's
piece describes a nomad from
afar seeking "the land where
roses bloom." The wanderer
begins to realize that he will
never find such a place, as a
voice whispers, "where you are
not — there is happiness."

Bintley, formerly a resident
choreographer with the Royal
Ballet in London, transfers the
loneliness and longing of the
music into movement. Before a
somber backdrop, the dancers
continually move together and
apart, flu idly forming and
reforming groups. The ballet con
cludes with all eight dancers on
stage, performing parallel and se
quential variations synchronized
with the fugues of the music.
While "Balla della Regina" and
"Wanderer" look familiarly clas
sical, "In the middle, somewhat
elevated" is shockingly different.
Filled with purely energetic
movement, the ballet's only
props are two golden cherries
suspended above center stage.
Composer Tom Williams' score
is both hypnotic and forceful.
"In the middle" leaves one sur
prised and curious to see what
else Forsythe can do. And once
again, it left me hoping that it
will be in the San Francisco Bal
let's repertoire for next season.


Marty Sohl
Ashley Wheater, left, and Jamie Zimmerman of the San Francisco Ballet perform in William
Forsythe's powerful "In the Middle, Somewhat Elevated."
When I left the San Francisco
Ballet's production of William
Forsythe's "In the middle, some
what elevated" last year, I hoped
they would perform it again in
the 1990 season. Well, I got my
wish.
San Francisco Ballet's program
111, which premiered Feb. 2, com
bines Forsythe's explosive piece
with George Balanchine's "Ballo
della Regina" and David Bintley's
"The 'Wanderer' Fantasy." The
three pieces provide an excellent
showcase for the San Francisco
company's virtuositv and expres
sive power.
"Ballo della Regina" is set to
music from Guiseppe Verdi's
opera, "Don Carlos." Originally,
the plot for the ballet scene con
cerned the search for the perfect
pearl in an underwater kingdom.
Balanchine's own version cap
tures all the buoyancy of an
ocean world.

Principal dancer Reyes and
soloist Elizabeth Loscavio per
formed the difficult lead roles
with great skill and flair. Los
cavio's quick and flirtatious
pointe work make her feet seem
like sunshine flickering on the
waves.
Though Reyes also held his
own with his impressive beats
and leaps, he appeared less con
fident while partnering Loscavio.
By carefully watching his hands
instead of the audience, Reyes
seemed like he was afraid she
would slip out.
The second piece of the eve
ning was the world premiere of
"The 'Wanderer' Fantasy," mu
sically arranged to Franz
Schubert's "Fantasia for Piano
and Orchestra in C." Schubert's
piece describes a nomad from
afar seeking "the land where
roses bloom." The wanderer
begins to realize that he will
never find such a place, as a
voice whispers, "where you are
not — there is happiness."

Bintley, formerly a resident
choreographer with the Royal
Ballet in London, transfers the
loneliness and longing of the
music into movement. Before a
somber backdrop, the dancers
continually move together and
apart, flu idly forming and
reforming groups. The ballet con
cludes with all eight dancers on
stage, performing parallel and se
quential variations synchronized
with the fugues of the music.
While "Balla della Regina" and
"Wanderer" look familiarly clas
sical, "In the middle, somewhat
elevated" is shockingly different.
Filled with purely energetic
movement, the ballet's only
props are two golden cherries
suspended above center stage.
Composer Tom Williams' score
is both hypnotic and forceful.
"In the middle" leaves one sur
prised and curious to see what
else Forsythe can do. And once
again, it left me hoping that it
will be in the San Francisco Bal
let's repertoire for next season.


Marty Sohl
Ashley Wheater, left, and Jamie Zimmerman of the San Francisco Ballet perform in William
Forsythe's powerful "In the Middle, Somewhat Elevated."
