# Adv. 29 Page 13
## 
### 
every 100 years. Promise.
http://cittamatra.com/
650-396-7580
Venrock, a premier venture
capital firm in Menlo Park, is
seeking summer interns for our
Digital Media practice, both MBA
students & undergrads. For
complete information, go to
www.venrock.com, careers, and
review the analyst & associate
positions. Send your resume &
cover letter to judy@venrock.com
STANFORD STUDENTS-
Eam upto $14.25/ hr at the
Stanford Student Calling Center!
FLEXIBLE EVENING AND
WEEKEND SCHEDULES!
apply online @
://stanford .thecallingcenter.com
Tutors wanted - Experienced one
on-one tutors for part-time
(5-10 hours a week) work. Must
be US citizen and have car. Send
resume and references to
info@supremetutors.com.
Join the Built to Last Collab
orative AmeriCorps Team.
Help to close the academic gap
by tutoring high school youth
from East Palo Alto and East
Menlo Park communities. Contact
Stacey Nita, 650-773-7188, or
staceyn@gmail.com
