# Soph Cotillion with Ella
## 
### 

"An (evening in the City," 1 li«* sophomore cotillion, will feature
songstress Ella Eitxgerald tomorrow night at the St. Francis Hotel.
Ha> llnekett and his Orchestra will provide the music for the event.
Tickets for (lie Cotillion, an all-ciimpu* dance, are still being sold
jil Engineering Corner for $4.")0 per couple with a sophomore class
card alld $."» u illuuil.

"An (evening in the City," 1 li«* sophomore cotillion, will feature
songstress Ella Eitxgerald tomorrow night at the St. Francis Hotel.
Ha> llnekett and his Orchestra will provide the music for the event.
Tickets for (lie Cotillion, an all-ciimpu* dance, are still being sold
jil Engineering Corner for $4.")0 per couple with a sophomore class
card alld $."» u illuuil.

"An (evening in the City," 1 li«* sophomore cotillion, will feature
songstress Ella Eitxgerald tomorrow night at the St. Francis Hotel.
Ha> llnekett and his Orchestra will provide the music for the event.
Tickets for (lie Cotillion, an all-ciimpu* dance, are still being sold
jil Engineering Corner for $4.")0 per couple with a sophomore class
card alld $."» u illuuil.

"An (evening in the City," 1 li«* sophomore cotillion, will feature
songstress Ella Eitxgerald tomorrow night at the St. Francis Hotel.
Ha> llnekett and his Orchestra will provide the music for the event.
Tickets for (lie Cotillion, an all-ciimpu* dance, are still being sold
jil Engineering Corner for $4.")0 per couple with a sophomore class
card alld $."» u illuuil.

"An (evening in the City," 1 li«* sophomore cotillion, will feature
songstress Ella Eitxgerald tomorrow night at the St. Francis Hotel.
Ha> llnekett and his Orchestra will provide the music for the event.
Tickets for (lie Cotillion, an all-ciimpu* dance, are still being sold
jil Engineering Corner for $4.")0 per couple with a sophomore class
card alld $."» u illuuil.

"An (evening in the City," 1 li«* sophomore cotillion, will feature
songstress Ella Eitxgerald tomorrow night at the St. Francis Hotel.
Ha> llnekett and his Orchestra will provide the music for the event.
Tickets for (lie Cotillion, an all-ciimpu* dance, are still being sold
jil Engineering Corner for $4.")0 per couple with a sophomore class
card alld $."» u illuuil.

"An (evening in the City," 1 li«* sophomore cotillion, will feature
songstress Ella Eitxgerald tomorrow night at the St. Francis Hotel.
Ha> llnekett and his Orchestra will provide the music for the event.
Tickets for (lie Cotillion, an all-ciimpu* dance, are still being sold
jil Engineering Corner for $4.")0 per couple with a sophomore class
card alld $."» u illuuil.

"An (evening in the City," 1 li«* sophomore cotillion, will feature
songstress Ella Eitxgerald tomorrow night at the St. Francis Hotel.
Ha> llnekett and his Orchestra will provide the music for the event.
Tickets for (lie Cotillion, an all-ciimpu* dance, are still being sold
jil Engineering Corner for $4.")0 per couple with a sophomore class
card alld $."» u illuuil.

"An (evening in the City," 1 li«* sophomore cotillion, will feature
songstress Ella Eitxgerald tomorrow night at the St. Francis Hotel.
Ha> llnekett and his Orchestra will provide the music for the event.
Tickets for (lie Cotillion, an all-ciimpu* dance, are still being sold
jil Engineering Corner for $4.")0 per couple with a sophomore class
card alld $."» u illuuil.

"An (evening in the City," 1 li«* sophomore cotillion, will feature
songstress Ella Eitxgerald tomorrow night at the St. Francis Hotel.
Ha> llnekett and his Orchestra will provide the music for the event.
Tickets for (lie Cotillion, an all-ciimpu* dance, are still being sold
jil Engineering Corner for $4.")0 per couple with a sophomore class
card alld $."» u illuuil.

"An (evening in the City," 1 li«* sophomore cotillion, will feature
songstress Ella Eitxgerald tomorrow night at the St. Francis Hotel.
Ha> llnekett and his Orchestra will provide the music for the event.
Tickets for (lie Cotillion, an all-ciimpu* dance, are still being sold
jil Engineering Corner for $4.")0 per couple with a sophomore class
card alld $."» u illuuil.

"An (evening in the City," 1 li«* sophomore cotillion, will feature
songstress Ella Eitxgerald tomorrow night at the St. Francis Hotel.
Ha> llnekett and his Orchestra will provide the music for the event.
Tickets for (lie Cotillion, an all-ciimpu* dance, are still being sold
jil Engineering Corner for $4.")0 per couple with a sophomore class
card alld $."» u illuuil.

"An (evening in the City," 1 li«* sophomore cotillion, will feature
songstress Ella Eitxgerald tomorrow night at the St. Francis Hotel.
Ha> llnekett and his Orchestra will provide the music for the event.
Tickets for (lie Cotillion, an all-ciimpu* dance, are still being sold
jil Engineering Corner for $4.")0 per couple with a sophomore class
card alld $."» u illuuil.

"An (evening in the City," 1 li«* sophomore cotillion, will feature
songstress Ella Eitxgerald tomorrow night at the St. Francis Hotel.
Ha> llnekett and his Orchestra will provide the music for the event.
Tickets for (lie Cotillion, an all-ciimpu* dance, are still being sold
jil Engineering Corner for $4.")0 per couple with a sophomore class
card alld $."» u illuuil.

"An (evening in the City," 1 li«* sophomore cotillion, will feature
songstress Ella Eitxgerald tomorrow night at the St. Francis Hotel.
Ha> llnekett and his Orchestra will provide the music for the event.
Tickets for (lie Cotillion, an all-ciimpu* dance, are still being sold
jil Engineering Corner for $4.")0 per couple with a sophomore class
card alld $."» u illuuil.

"An (evening in the City," 1 li«* sophomore cotillion, will feature
songstress Ella Eitxgerald tomorrow night at the St. Francis Hotel.
Ha> llnekett and his Orchestra will provide the music for the event.
Tickets for (lie Cotillion, an all-ciimpu* dance, are still being sold
jil Engineering Corner for $4.")0 per couple with a sophomore class
card alld $."» u illuuil.

"An (evening in the City," 1 li«* sophomore cotillion, will feature
songstress Ella Eitxgerald tomorrow night at the St. Francis Hotel.
Ha> llnekett and his Orchestra will provide the music for the event.
Tickets for (lie Cotillion, an all-ciimpu* dance, are still being sold
jil Engineering Corner for $4.")0 per couple with a sophomore class
card alld $."» u illuuil.
