# Adv. 20 Page 4
## 
### 
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
ncw-uscd-flcet-lcase
Palo Alto Datsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
ncw-uscd-flcet-lcase
Palo Alto Datsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
ncw-uscd-flcet-lcase
Palo Alto Datsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
ncw-uscd-flcet-lcase
Palo Alto Datsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
ncw-uscd-flcet-lcase
Palo Alto Datsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
ncw-uscd-flcet-lcase
Palo Alto Datsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
ncw-uscd-flcet-lcase
Palo Alto Datsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
ncw-uscd-flcet-lcase
Palo Alto Datsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
ncw-uscd-flcet-lcase
Palo Alto Datsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
ncw-uscd-flcet-lcase
Palo Alto Datsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
ncw-uscd-flcet-lcase
Palo Alto Datsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
ncw-uscd-flcet-lcase
Palo Alto Datsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
ncw-uscd-flcet-lcase
Palo Alto Datsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
ncw-uscd-flcet-lcase
Palo Alto Datsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
ncw-uscd-flcet-lcase
Palo Alto Datsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
