# Rush
## 
### 
Typical scene at a fraternity open house dur
ing spring rush. Most freshmen participate in
rush.

Typical scene at a fraternity open house dur
ing spring rush. Most freshmen participate in
rush.

Typical scene at a fraternity open house dur
ing spring rush. Most freshmen participate in
rush.

Typical scene at a fraternity open house dur
ing spring rush. Most freshmen participate in
rush.

Typical scene at a fraternity open house dur
ing spring rush. Most freshmen participate in
rush.

Typical scene at a fraternity open house dur
ing spring rush. Most freshmen participate in
rush.

Typical scene at a fraternity open house dur
ing spring rush. Most freshmen participate in
rush.

Typical scene at a fraternity open house dur
ing spring rush. Most freshmen participate in
rush.

Typical scene at a fraternity open house dur
ing spring rush. Most freshmen participate in
rush.

Typical scene at a fraternity open house dur
ing spring rush. Most freshmen participate in
rush.

Typical scene at a fraternity open house dur
ing spring rush. Most freshmen participate in
rush.

Typical scene at a fraternity open house dur
ing spring rush. Most freshmen participate in
rush.

Typical scene at a fraternity open house dur
ing spring rush. Most freshmen participate in
rush.

Typical scene at a fraternity open house dur
ing spring rush. Most freshmen participate in
rush.

Typical scene at a fraternity open house dur
ing spring rush. Most freshmen participate in
rush.

