# With Feeling!
## 
### 

Symphony Conductor Josef Krips re
hearses with the Stanford Chorus in
preparation for tonight's opening per
formance at Foothill College.

Symphony Conductor Josef Krips re
hearses with the Stanford Chorus in
preparation for tonight's opening per
formance at Foothill College.

Symphony Conductor Josef Krips re
hearses with the Stanford Chorus in
preparation for tonight's opening per
formance at Foothill College.

Symphony Conductor Josef Krips re
hearses with the Stanford Chorus in
preparation for tonight's opening per
formance at Foothill College.

Symphony Conductor Josef Krips re
hearses with the Stanford Chorus in
preparation for tonight's opening per
formance at Foothill College.

Symphony Conductor Josef Krips re
hearses with the Stanford Chorus in
preparation for tonight's opening per
formance at Foothill College.

Symphony Conductor Josef Krips re
hearses with the Stanford Chorus in
preparation for tonight's opening per
formance at Foothill College.

Symphony Conductor Josef Krips re
hearses with the Stanford Chorus in
preparation for tonight's opening per
formance at Foothill College.

Symphony Conductor Josef Krips re
hearses with the Stanford Chorus in
preparation for tonight's opening per
formance at Foothill College.

Symphony Conductor Josef Krips re
hearses with the Stanford Chorus in
preparation for tonight's opening per
formance at Foothill College.

Symphony Conductor Josef Krips re
hearses with the Stanford Chorus in
preparation for tonight's opening per
formance at Foothill College.

Symphony Conductor Josef Krips re
hearses with the Stanford Chorus in
preparation for tonight's opening per
formance at Foothill College.

Symphony Conductor Josef Krips re
hearses with the Stanford Chorus in
preparation for tonight's opening per
formance at Foothill College.

Symphony Conductor Josef Krips re
hearses with the Stanford Chorus in
preparation for tonight's opening per
formance at Foothill College.

Symphony Conductor Josef Krips re
hearses with the Stanford Chorus in
preparation for tonight's opening per
formance at Foothill College.
