# LETTERS TO THE EDITOR
## Good Guys Vs. Bad 
### 
Editor, The Dally:
I see by the Friday Daily "Viet
Cong Destroy Billet" that blow
ing up a barracks from the
ground by sneak attack consti
tutes a "terrorist attack," there
by being reprehensible, dirty,
and not cricket. The Viet Cong
do that and are bad.
Thank goodness that blowing
up a barracks (village) from the
air by sneak attack is not a ter
rorist attack, thereby being
good, clean war. Americans do
that and are good.
DAVID RANSOM
• Sacred Cow
Editor, The Daily:
Tresidder Union is a sacred
cow, and from its most honor
able, commercial belly emerge
three legs: an officious post of
fice, an all-purpose supermarket
facaded with books, and a new
library of the same cosmopolit
an design. Of course a cow with
three legs cannot go very far,
but that, is beside the point.
For it has then the right to
stand and chew its cud, mull
over its own monied modernism,
and, of most importance: the
right to consume.
It can bowl and ping-pong
when it pleases, trim its shiny
hide and be massaged in the
process.
It can buy candy, cigarettes,
Playboy, even—despite the in
congruity, The New York Times.
And what is the purpose of the
most holy belly of this pre
sumptous cow? To digest, of
course.
All kinds of students, masses
of tourists, tours of bug-eyed

high-school pupils all can come
to the community feeding
ground to wet their whistles
with octane coffee by lining up
in the cattle ramps to be herded
through the merry, material
istic maze. Aesthetic architect
ure, productive philosophy, and
an atmospheric sitting place for
intellectual debates and spontan
eous spirits—all these are for
bidden by the religion of this
sacred cow.
And, in any case, our most
beloved Mrs. Stanford's will,
bless her soul, would probably
not allow such sublime sacril
edges.
808 ISSAC
• It's Conscription!
Editor, The Dally:
I object to Stanford Univer
sity's use of the terms "National
Service Office" and "National
Service Adviser." In such con
text "national service" is a eu
phemism used to denote military
conscription.
Considered simply as an in
stance of imprecise, sloppy Eng
lish this terminology is unbe
coming to any individual with
even as little intellect and edu
cation as has the average avo
cado. Moreover, this usage is
dishonest in the same sense that
Nazi references to "resettle
ment" and to "special treat
ment" were dishonest. That is,
in any discussions of situations
or events to which military con
scription is in any way related,
the term "national service"
tends to obscure rather than to
make clear the nature of the
topic.
NED GLICK
Editor, The Dally:
I see by the Friday Daily "Viet
Cong Destroy Billet" that blow
ing up a barracks from the
ground by sneak attack consti
tutes a "terrorist attack," there
by being reprehensible, dirty,
and not cricket. The Viet Cong
do that and are bad.
Thank goodness that blowing
up a barracks (village) from the
air by sneak attack is not a ter
rorist attack, thereby being
good, clean war. Americans do
that and are good.
DAVID RANSOM
• Sacred Cow
Editor, The Daily:
Tresidder Union is a sacred
cow, and from its most honor
able, commercial belly emerge
three legs: an officious post of
fice, an all-purpose supermarket
facaded with books, and a new
library of the same cosmopolit
an design. Of course a cow with
three legs cannot go very far,
but that, is beside the point.
For it has then the right to
stand and chew its cud, mull
over its own monied modernism,
and, of most importance: the
right to consume.
It can bowl and ping-pong
when it pleases, trim its shiny
hide and be massaged in the
process.
It can buy candy, cigarettes,
Playboy, even—despite the in
congruity, The New York Times.
And what is the purpose of the
most holy belly of this pre
sumptous cow? To digest, of
course.
All kinds of students, masses
of tourists, tours of bug-eyed

high-school pupils all can come
to the community feeding
ground to wet their whistles
with octane coffee by lining up
in the cattle ramps to be herded
through the merry, material
istic maze. Aesthetic architect
ure, productive philosophy, and
an atmospheric sitting place for
intellectual debates and spontan
eous spirits—all these are for
bidden by the religion of this
sacred cow.
And, in any case, our most
beloved Mrs. Stanford's will,
bless her soul, would probably
not allow such sublime sacril
edges.
808 ISSAC
• It's Conscription!
Editor, The Dally:
I object to Stanford Univer
sity's use of the terms "National
Service Office" and "National
Service Adviser." In such con
text "national service" is a eu
phemism used to denote military
conscription.
Considered simply as an in
stance of imprecise, sloppy Eng
lish this terminology is unbe
coming to any individual with
even as little intellect and edu
cation as has the average avo
cado. Moreover, this usage is
dishonest in the same sense that
Nazi references to "resettle
ment" and to "special treat
ment" were dishonest. That is,
in any discussions of situations
or events to which military con
scription is in any way related,
the term "national service"
tends to obscure rather than to
make clear the nature of the
topic.
NED GLICK
Editor, The Dally:
I see by the Friday Daily "Viet
Cong Destroy Billet" that blow
ing up a barracks from the
ground by sneak attack consti
tutes a "terrorist attack," there
by being reprehensible, dirty,
and not cricket. The Viet Cong
do that and are bad.
Thank goodness that blowing
up a barracks (village) from the
air by sneak attack is not a ter
rorist attack, thereby being
good, clean war. Americans do
that and are good.
DAVID RANSOM
• Sacred Cow
Editor, The Daily:
Tresidder Union is a sacred
cow, and from its most honor
able, commercial belly emerge
three legs: an officious post of
fice, an all-purpose supermarket
facaded with books, and a new
library of the same cosmopolit
an design. Of course a cow with
three legs cannot go very far,
but that, is beside the point.
For it has then the right to
stand and chew its cud, mull
over its own monied modernism,
and, of most importance: the
right to consume.
It can bowl and ping-pong
when it pleases, trim its shiny
hide and be massaged in the
process.
It can buy candy, cigarettes,
Playboy, even—despite the in
congruity, The New York Times.
And what is the purpose of the
most holy belly of this pre
sumptous cow? To digest, of
course.
All kinds of students, masses
of tourists, tours of bug-eyed

high-school pupils all can come
to the community feeding
ground to wet their whistles
with octane coffee by lining up
in the cattle ramps to be herded
through the merry, material
istic maze. Aesthetic architect
ure, productive philosophy, and
an atmospheric sitting place for
intellectual debates and spontan
eous spirits—all these are for
bidden by the religion of this
sacred cow.
And, in any case, our most
beloved Mrs. Stanford's will,
bless her soul, would probably
not allow such sublime sacril
edges.
808 ISSAC
• It's Conscription!
Editor, The Dally:
I object to Stanford Univer
sity's use of the terms "National
Service Office" and "National
Service Adviser." In such con
text "national service" is a eu
phemism used to denote military
conscription.
Considered simply as an in
stance of imprecise, sloppy Eng
lish this terminology is unbe
coming to any individual with
even as little intellect and edu
cation as has the average avo
cado. Moreover, this usage is
dishonest in the same sense that
Nazi references to "resettle
ment" and to "special treat
ment" were dishonest. That is,
in any discussions of situations
or events to which military con
scription is in any way related,
the term "national service"
tends to obscure rather than to
make clear the nature of the
topic.
NED GLICK
Editor, The Dally:
I see by the Friday Daily "Viet
Cong Destroy Billet" that blow
ing up a barracks from the
ground by sneak attack consti
tutes a "terrorist attack," there
by being reprehensible, dirty,
and not cricket. The Viet Cong
do that and are bad.
Thank goodness that blowing
up a barracks (village) from the
air by sneak attack is not a ter
rorist attack, thereby being
good, clean war. Americans do
that and are good.
DAVID RANSOM
• Sacred Cow
Editor, The Daily:
Tresidder Union is a sacred
cow, and from its most honor
able, commercial belly emerge
three legs: an officious post of
fice, an all-purpose supermarket
facaded with books, and a new
library of the same cosmopolit
an design. Of course a cow with
three legs cannot go very far,
but that, is beside the point.
For it has then the right to
stand and chew its cud, mull
over its own monied modernism,
and, of most importance: the
right to consume.
It can bowl and ping-pong
when it pleases, trim its shiny
hide and be massaged in the
process.
It can buy candy, cigarettes,
Playboy, even—despite the in
congruity, The New York Times.
And what is the purpose of the
most holy belly of this pre
sumptous cow? To digest, of
course.
All kinds of students, masses
of tourists, tours of bug-eyed

high-school pupils all can come
to the community feeding
ground to wet their whistles
with octane coffee by lining up
in the cattle ramps to be herded
through the merry, material
istic maze. Aesthetic architect
ure, productive philosophy, and
an atmospheric sitting place for
intellectual debates and spontan
eous spirits—all these are for
bidden by the religion of this
sacred cow.
And, in any case, our most
beloved Mrs. Stanford's will,
bless her soul, would probably
not allow such sublime sacril
edges.
808 ISSAC
• It's Conscription!
Editor, The Dally:
I object to Stanford Univer
sity's use of the terms "National
Service Office" and "National
Service Adviser." In such con
text "national service" is a eu
phemism used to denote military
conscription.
Considered simply as an in
stance of imprecise, sloppy Eng
lish this terminology is unbe
coming to any individual with
even as little intellect and edu
cation as has the average avo
cado. Moreover, this usage is
dishonest in the same sense that
Nazi references to "resettle
ment" and to "special treat
ment" were dishonest. That is,
in any discussions of situations
or events to which military con
scription is in any way related,
the term "national service"
tends to obscure rather than to
make clear the nature of the
topic.
NED GLICK
Editor, The Dally:
I see by the Friday Daily "Viet
Cong Destroy Billet" that blow
ing up a barracks from the
ground by sneak attack consti
tutes a "terrorist attack," there
by being reprehensible, dirty,
and not cricket. The Viet Cong
do that and are bad.
Thank goodness that blowing
up a barracks (village) from the
air by sneak attack is not a ter
rorist attack, thereby being
good, clean war. Americans do
that and are good.
DAVID RANSOM
• Sacred Cow
Editor, The Daily:
Tresidder Union is a sacred
cow, and from its most honor
able, commercial belly emerge
three legs: an officious post of
fice, an all-purpose supermarket
facaded with books, and a new
library of the same cosmopolit
an design. Of course a cow with
three legs cannot go very far,
but that, is beside the point.
For it has then the right to
stand and chew its cud, mull
over its own monied modernism,
and, of most importance: the
right to consume.
It can bowl and ping-pong
when it pleases, trim its shiny
hide and be massaged in the
process.
It can buy candy, cigarettes,
Playboy, even—despite the in
congruity, The New York Times.
And what is the purpose of the
most holy belly of this pre
sumptous cow? To digest, of
course.
All kinds of students, masses
of tourists, tours of bug-eyed

high-school pupils all can come
to the community feeding
ground to wet their whistles
with octane coffee by lining up
in the cattle ramps to be herded
through the merry, material
istic maze. Aesthetic architect
ure, productive philosophy, and
an atmospheric sitting place for
intellectual debates and spontan
eous spirits—all these are for
bidden by the religion of this
sacred cow.
And, in any case, our most
beloved Mrs. Stanford's will,
bless her soul, would probably
not allow such sublime sacril
edges.
808 ISSAC
• It's Conscription!
Editor, The Dally:
I object to Stanford Univer
sity's use of the terms "National
Service Office" and "National
Service Adviser." In such con
text "national service" is a eu
phemism used to denote military
conscription.
Considered simply as an in
stance of imprecise, sloppy Eng
lish this terminology is unbe
coming to any individual with
even as little intellect and edu
cation as has the average avo
cado. Moreover, this usage is
dishonest in the same sense that
Nazi references to "resettle
ment" and to "special treat
ment" were dishonest. That is,
in any discussions of situations
or events to which military con
scription is in any way related,
the term "national service"
tends to obscure rather than to
make clear the nature of the
topic.
NED GLICK
Editor, The Dally:
I see by the Friday Daily "Viet
Cong Destroy Billet" that blow
ing up a barracks from the
ground by sneak attack consti
tutes a "terrorist attack," there
by being reprehensible, dirty,
and not cricket. The Viet Cong
do that and are bad.
Thank goodness that blowing
up a barracks (village) from the
air by sneak attack is not a ter
rorist attack, thereby being
good, clean war. Americans do
that and are good.
DAVID RANSOM
• Sacred Cow
Editor, The Daily:
Tresidder Union is a sacred
cow, and from its most honor
able, commercial belly emerge
three legs: an officious post of
fice, an all-purpose supermarket
facaded with books, and a new
library of the same cosmopolit
an design. Of course a cow with
three legs cannot go very far,
but that, is beside the point.
For it has then the right to
stand and chew its cud, mull
over its own monied modernism,
and, of most importance: the
right to consume.
It can bowl and ping-pong
when it pleases, trim its shiny
hide and be massaged in the
process.
It can buy candy, cigarettes,
Playboy, even—despite the in
congruity, The New York Times.
And what is the purpose of the
most holy belly of this pre
sumptous cow? To digest, of
course.
All kinds of students, masses
of tourists, tours of bug-eyed

high-school pupils all can come
to the community feeding
ground to wet their whistles
with octane coffee by lining up
in the cattle ramps to be herded
through the merry, material
istic maze. Aesthetic architect
ure, productive philosophy, and
an atmospheric sitting place for
intellectual debates and spontan
eous spirits—all these are for
bidden by the religion of this
sacred cow.
And, in any case, our most
beloved Mrs. Stanford's will,
bless her soul, would probably
not allow such sublime sacril
edges.
808 ISSAC
• It's Conscription!
Editor, The Dally:
I object to Stanford Univer
sity's use of the terms "National
Service Office" and "National
Service Adviser." In such con
text "national service" is a eu
phemism used to denote military
conscription.
Considered simply as an in
stance of imprecise, sloppy Eng
lish this terminology is unbe
coming to any individual with
even as little intellect and edu
cation as has the average avo
cado. Moreover, this usage is
dishonest in the same sense that
Nazi references to "resettle
ment" and to "special treat
ment" were dishonest. That is,
in any discussions of situations
or events to which military con
scription is in any way related,
the term "national service"
tends to obscure rather than to
make clear the nature of the
topic.
NED GLICK
Editor, The Dally:
I see by the Friday Daily "Viet
Cong Destroy Billet" that blow
ing up a barracks from the
ground by sneak attack consti
tutes a "terrorist attack," there
by being reprehensible, dirty,
and not cricket. The Viet Cong
do that and are bad.
Thank goodness that blowing
up a barracks (village) from the
air by sneak attack is not a ter
rorist attack, thereby being
good, clean war. Americans do
that and are good.
DAVID RANSOM
• Sacred Cow
Editor, The Daily:
Tresidder Union is a sacred
cow, and from its most honor
able, commercial belly emerge
three legs: an officious post of
fice, an all-purpose supermarket
facaded with books, and a new
library of the same cosmopolit
an design. Of course a cow with
three legs cannot go very far,
but that, is beside the point.
For it has then the right to
stand and chew its cud, mull
over its own monied modernism,
and, of most importance: the
right to consume.
It can bowl and ping-pong
when it pleases, trim its shiny
hide and be massaged in the
process.
It can buy candy, cigarettes,
Playboy, even—despite the in
congruity, The New York Times.
And what is the purpose of the
most holy belly of this pre
sumptous cow? To digest, of
course.
All kinds of students, masses
of tourists, tours of bug-eyed

high-school pupils all can come
to the community feeding
ground to wet their whistles
with octane coffee by lining up
in the cattle ramps to be herded
through the merry, material
istic maze. Aesthetic architect
ure, productive philosophy, and
an atmospheric sitting place for
intellectual debates and spontan
eous spirits—all these are for
bidden by the religion of this
sacred cow.
And, in any case, our most
beloved Mrs. Stanford's will,
bless her soul, would probably
not allow such sublime sacril
edges.
808 ISSAC
• It's Conscription!
Editor, The Dally:
I object to Stanford Univer
sity's use of the terms "National
Service Office" and "National
Service Adviser." In such con
text "national service" is a eu
phemism used to denote military
conscription.
Considered simply as an in
stance of imprecise, sloppy Eng
lish this terminology is unbe
coming to any individual with
even as little intellect and edu
cation as has the average avo
cado. Moreover, this usage is
dishonest in the same sense that
Nazi references to "resettle
ment" and to "special treat
ment" were dishonest. That is,
in any discussions of situations
or events to which military con
scription is in any way related,
the term "national service"
tends to obscure rather than to
make clear the nature of the
topic.
NED GLICK
Editor, The Dally:
I see by the Friday Daily "Viet
Cong Destroy Billet" that blow
ing up a barracks from the
ground by sneak attack consti
tutes a "terrorist attack," there
by being reprehensible, dirty,
and not cricket. The Viet Cong
do that and are bad.
Thank goodness that blowing
up a barracks (village) from the
air by sneak attack is not a ter
rorist attack, thereby being
good, clean war. Americans do
that and are good.
DAVID RANSOM
• Sacred Cow
Editor, The Daily:
Tresidder Union is a sacred
cow, and from its most honor
able, commercial belly emerge
three legs: an officious post of
fice, an all-purpose supermarket
facaded with books, and a new
library of the same cosmopolit
an design. Of course a cow with
three legs cannot go very far,
but that, is beside the point.
For it has then the right to
stand and chew its cud, mull
over its own monied modernism,
and, of most importance: the
right to consume.
It can bowl and ping-pong
when it pleases, trim its shiny
hide and be massaged in the
process.
It can buy candy, cigarettes,
Playboy, even—despite the in
congruity, The New York Times.
And what is the purpose of the
most holy belly of this pre
sumptous cow? To digest, of
course.
All kinds of students, masses
of tourists, tours of bug-eyed

high-school pupils all can come
to the community feeding
ground to wet their whistles
with octane coffee by lining up
in the cattle ramps to be herded
through the merry, material
istic maze. Aesthetic architect
ure, productive philosophy, and
an atmospheric sitting place for
intellectual debates and spontan
eous spirits—all these are for
bidden by the religion of this
sacred cow.
And, in any case, our most
beloved Mrs. Stanford's will,
bless her soul, would probably
not allow such sublime sacril
edges.
808 ISSAC
• It's Conscription!
Editor, The Dally:
I object to Stanford Univer
sity's use of the terms "National
Service Office" and "National
Service Adviser." In such con
text "national service" is a eu
phemism used to denote military
conscription.
Considered simply as an in
stance of imprecise, sloppy Eng
lish this terminology is unbe
coming to any individual with
even as little intellect and edu
cation as has the average avo
cado. Moreover, this usage is
dishonest in the same sense that
Nazi references to "resettle
ment" and to "special treat
ment" were dishonest. That is,
in any discussions of situations
or events to which military con
scription is in any way related,
the term "national service"
tends to obscure rather than to
make clear the nature of the
topic.
NED GLICK
Editor, The Dally:
I see by the Friday Daily "Viet
Cong Destroy Billet" that blow
ing up a barracks from the
ground by sneak attack consti
tutes a "terrorist attack," there
by being reprehensible, dirty,
and not cricket. The Viet Cong
do that and are bad.
Thank goodness that blowing
up a barracks (village) from the
air by sneak attack is not a ter
rorist attack, thereby being
good, clean war. Americans do
that and are good.
DAVID RANSOM
• Sacred Cow
Editor, The Daily:
Tresidder Union is a sacred
cow, and from its most honor
able, commercial belly emerge
three legs: an officious post of
fice, an all-purpose supermarket
facaded with books, and a new
library of the same cosmopolit
an design. Of course a cow with
three legs cannot go very far,
but that, is beside the point.
For it has then the right to
stand and chew its cud, mull
over its own monied modernism,
and, of most importance: the
right to consume.
It can bowl and ping-pong
when it pleases, trim its shiny
hide and be massaged in the
process.
It can buy candy, cigarettes,
Playboy, even—despite the in
congruity, The New York Times.
And what is the purpose of the
most holy belly of this pre
sumptous cow? To digest, of
course.
All kinds of students, masses
of tourists, tours of bug-eyed

high-school pupils all can come
to the community feeding
ground to wet their whistles
with octane coffee by lining up
in the cattle ramps to be herded
through the merry, material
istic maze. Aesthetic architect
ure, productive philosophy, and
an atmospheric sitting place for
intellectual debates and spontan
eous spirits—all these are for
bidden by the religion of this
sacred cow.
And, in any case, our most
beloved Mrs. Stanford's will,
bless her soul, would probably
not allow such sublime sacril
edges.
808 ISSAC
• It's Conscription!
Editor, The Dally:
I object to Stanford Univer
sity's use of the terms "National
Service Office" and "National
Service Adviser." In such con
text "national service" is a eu
phemism used to denote military
conscription.
Considered simply as an in
stance of imprecise, sloppy Eng
lish this terminology is unbe
coming to any individual with
even as little intellect and edu
cation as has the average avo
cado. Moreover, this usage is
dishonest in the same sense that
Nazi references to "resettle
ment" and to "special treat
ment" were dishonest. That is,
in any discussions of situations
or events to which military con
scription is in any way related,
the term "national service"
tends to obscure rather than to
make clear the nature of the
topic.
NED GLICK
Editor, The Dally:
I see by the Friday Daily "Viet
Cong Destroy Billet" that blow
ing up a barracks from the
ground by sneak attack consti
tutes a "terrorist attack," there
by being reprehensible, dirty,
and not cricket. The Viet Cong
do that and are bad.
Thank goodness that blowing
up a barracks (village) from the
air by sneak attack is not a ter
rorist attack, thereby being
good, clean war. Americans do
that and are good.
DAVID RANSOM
• Sacred Cow
Editor, The Daily:
Tresidder Union is a sacred
cow, and from its most honor
able, commercial belly emerge
three legs: an officious post of
fice, an all-purpose supermarket
facaded with books, and a new
library of the same cosmopolit
an design. Of course a cow with
three legs cannot go very far,
but that, is beside the point.
For it has then the right to
stand and chew its cud, mull
over its own monied modernism,
and, of most importance: the
right to consume.
It can bowl and ping-pong
when it pleases, trim its shiny
hide and be massaged in the
process.
It can buy candy, cigarettes,
Playboy, even—despite the in
congruity, The New York Times.
And what is the purpose of the
most holy belly of this pre
sumptous cow? To digest, of
course.
All kinds of students, masses
of tourists, tours of bug-eyed

high-school pupils all can come
to the community feeding
ground to wet their whistles
with octane coffee by lining up
in the cattle ramps to be herded
through the merry, material
istic maze. Aesthetic architect
ure, productive philosophy, and
an atmospheric sitting place for
intellectual debates and spontan
eous spirits—all these are for
bidden by the religion of this
sacred cow.
And, in any case, our most
beloved Mrs. Stanford's will,
bless her soul, would probably
not allow such sublime sacril
edges.
808 ISSAC
• It's Conscription!
Editor, The Dally:
I object to Stanford Univer
sity's use of the terms "National
Service Office" and "National
Service Adviser." In such con
text "national service" is a eu
phemism used to denote military
conscription.
Considered simply as an in
stance of imprecise, sloppy Eng
lish this terminology is unbe
coming to any individual with
even as little intellect and edu
cation as has the average avo
cado. Moreover, this usage is
dishonest in the same sense that
Nazi references to "resettle
ment" and to "special treat
ment" were dishonest. That is,
in any discussions of situations
or events to which military con
scription is in any way related,
the term "national service"
tends to obscure rather than to
make clear the nature of the
topic.
NED GLICK
Editor, The Dally:
I see by the Friday Daily "Viet
Cong Destroy Billet" that blow
ing up a barracks from the
ground by sneak attack consti
tutes a "terrorist attack," there
by being reprehensible, dirty,
and not cricket. The Viet Cong
do that and are bad.
Thank goodness that blowing
up a barracks (village) from the
air by sneak attack is not a ter
rorist attack, thereby being
good, clean war. Americans do
that and are good.
DAVID RANSOM
• Sacred Cow
Editor, The Daily:
Tresidder Union is a sacred
cow, and from its most honor
able, commercial belly emerge
three legs: an officious post of
fice, an all-purpose supermarket
facaded with books, and a new
library of the same cosmopolit
an design. Of course a cow with
three legs cannot go very far,
but that, is beside the point.
For it has then the right to
stand and chew its cud, mull
over its own monied modernism,
and, of most importance: the
right to consume.
It can bowl and ping-pong
when it pleases, trim its shiny
hide and be massaged in the
process.
It can buy candy, cigarettes,
Playboy, even—despite the in
congruity, The New York Times.
And what is the purpose of the
most holy belly of this pre
sumptous cow? To digest, of
course.
All kinds of students, masses
of tourists, tours of bug-eyed

high-school pupils all can come
to the community feeding
ground to wet their whistles
with octane coffee by lining up
in the cattle ramps to be herded
through the merry, material
istic maze. Aesthetic architect
ure, productive philosophy, and
an atmospheric sitting place for
intellectual debates and spontan
eous spirits—all these are for
bidden by the religion of this
sacred cow.
And, in any case, our most
beloved Mrs. Stanford's will,
bless her soul, would probably
not allow such sublime sacril
edges.
808 ISSAC
• It's Conscription!
Editor, The Dally:
I object to Stanford Univer
sity's use of the terms "National
Service Office" and "National
Service Adviser." In such con
text "national service" is a eu
phemism used to denote military
conscription.
Considered simply as an in
stance of imprecise, sloppy Eng
lish this terminology is unbe
coming to any individual with
even as little intellect and edu
cation as has the average avo
cado. Moreover, this usage is
dishonest in the same sense that
Nazi references to "resettle
ment" and to "special treat
ment" were dishonest. That is,
in any discussions of situations
or events to which military con
scription is in any way related,
the term "national service"
tends to obscure rather than to
make clear the nature of the
topic.
NED GLICK
Editor, The Dally:
I see by the Friday Daily "Viet
Cong Destroy Billet" that blow
ing up a barracks from the
ground by sneak attack consti
tutes a "terrorist attack," there
by being reprehensible, dirty,
and not cricket. The Viet Cong
do that and are bad.
Thank goodness that blowing
up a barracks (village) from the
air by sneak attack is not a ter
rorist attack, thereby being
good, clean war. Americans do
that and are good.
DAVID RANSOM
• Sacred Cow
Editor, The Daily:
Tresidder Union is a sacred
cow, and from its most honor
able, commercial belly emerge
three legs: an officious post of
fice, an all-purpose supermarket
facaded with books, and a new
library of the same cosmopolit
an design. Of course a cow with
three legs cannot go very far,
but that, is beside the point.
For it has then the right to
stand and chew its cud, mull
over its own monied modernism,
and, of most importance: the
right to consume.
It can bowl and ping-pong
when it pleases, trim its shiny
hide and be massaged in the
process.
It can buy candy, cigarettes,
Playboy, even—despite the in
congruity, The New York Times.
And what is the purpose of the
most holy belly of this pre
sumptous cow? To digest, of
course.
All kinds of students, masses
of tourists, tours of bug-eyed

high-school pupils all can come
to the community feeding
ground to wet their whistles
with octane coffee by lining up
in the cattle ramps to be herded
through the merry, material
istic maze. Aesthetic architect
ure, productive philosophy, and
an atmospheric sitting place for
intellectual debates and spontan
eous spirits—all these are for
bidden by the religion of this
sacred cow.
And, in any case, our most
beloved Mrs. Stanford's will,
bless her soul, would probably
not allow such sublime sacril
edges.
808 ISSAC
• It's Conscription!
Editor, The Dally:
I object to Stanford Univer
sity's use of the terms "National
Service Office" and "National
Service Adviser." In such con
text "national service" is a eu
phemism used to denote military
conscription.
Considered simply as an in
stance of imprecise, sloppy Eng
lish this terminology is unbe
coming to any individual with
even as little intellect and edu
cation as has the average avo
cado. Moreover, this usage is
dishonest in the same sense that
Nazi references to "resettle
ment" and to "special treat
ment" were dishonest. That is,
in any discussions of situations
or events to which military con
scription is in any way related,
the term "national service"
tends to obscure rather than to
make clear the nature of the
topic.
NED GLICK
Editor, The Dally:
I see by the Friday Daily "Viet
Cong Destroy Billet" that blow
ing up a barracks from the
ground by sneak attack consti
tutes a "terrorist attack," there
by being reprehensible, dirty,
and not cricket. The Viet Cong
do that and are bad.
Thank goodness that blowing
up a barracks (village) from the
air by sneak attack is not a ter
rorist attack, thereby being
good, clean war. Americans do
that and are good.
DAVID RANSOM
• Sacred Cow
Editor, The Daily:
Tresidder Union is a sacred
cow, and from its most honor
able, commercial belly emerge
three legs: an officious post of
fice, an all-purpose supermarket
facaded with books, and a new
library of the same cosmopolit
an design. Of course a cow with
three legs cannot go very far,
but that, is beside the point.
For it has then the right to
stand and chew its cud, mull
over its own monied modernism,
and, of most importance: the
right to consume.
It can bowl and ping-pong
when it pleases, trim its shiny
hide and be massaged in the
process.
It can buy candy, cigarettes,
Playboy, even—despite the in
congruity, The New York Times.
And what is the purpose of the
most holy belly of this pre
sumptous cow? To digest, of
course.
All kinds of students, masses
of tourists, tours of bug-eyed

high-school pupils all can come
to the community feeding
ground to wet their whistles
with octane coffee by lining up
in the cattle ramps to be herded
through the merry, material
istic maze. Aesthetic architect
ure, productive philosophy, and
an atmospheric sitting place for
intellectual debates and spontan
eous spirits—all these are for
bidden by the religion of this
sacred cow.
And, in any case, our most
beloved Mrs. Stanford's will,
bless her soul, would probably
not allow such sublime sacril
edges.
808 ISSAC
• It's Conscription!
Editor, The Dally:
I object to Stanford Univer
sity's use of the terms "National
Service Office" and "National
Service Adviser." In such con
text "national service" is a eu
phemism used to denote military
conscription.
Considered simply as an in
stance of imprecise, sloppy Eng
lish this terminology is unbe
coming to any individual with
even as little intellect and edu
cation as has the average avo
cado. Moreover, this usage is
dishonest in the same sense that
Nazi references to "resettle
ment" and to "special treat
ment" were dishonest. That is,
in any discussions of situations
or events to which military con
scription is in any way related,
the term "national service"
tends to obscure rather than to
make clear the nature of the
topic.
NED GLICK
Editor, The Dally:
I see by the Friday Daily "Viet
Cong Destroy Billet" that blow
ing up a barracks from the
ground by sneak attack consti
tutes a "terrorist attack," there
by being reprehensible, dirty,
and not cricket. The Viet Cong
do that and are bad.
Thank goodness that blowing
up a barracks (village) from the
air by sneak attack is not a ter
rorist attack, thereby being
good, clean war. Americans do
that and are good.
DAVID RANSOM
• Sacred Cow
Editor, The Daily:
Tresidder Union is a sacred
cow, and from its most honor
able, commercial belly emerge
three legs: an officious post of
fice, an all-purpose supermarket
facaded with books, and a new
library of the same cosmopolit
an design. Of course a cow with
three legs cannot go very far,
but that, is beside the point.
For it has then the right to
stand and chew its cud, mull
over its own monied modernism,
and, of most importance: the
right to consume.
It can bowl and ping-pong
when it pleases, trim its shiny
hide and be massaged in the
process.
It can buy candy, cigarettes,
Playboy, even—despite the in
congruity, The New York Times.
And what is the purpose of the
most holy belly of this pre
sumptous cow? To digest, of
course.
All kinds of students, masses
of tourists, tours of bug-eyed

high-school pupils all can come
to the community feeding
ground to wet their whistles
with octane coffee by lining up
in the cattle ramps to be herded
through the merry, material
istic maze. Aesthetic architect
ure, productive philosophy, and
an atmospheric sitting place for
intellectual debates and spontan
eous spirits—all these are for
bidden by the religion of this
sacred cow.
And, in any case, our most
beloved Mrs. Stanford's will,
bless her soul, would probably
not allow such sublime sacril
edges.
808 ISSAC
• It's Conscription!
Editor, The Dally:
I object to Stanford Univer
sity's use of the terms "National
Service Office" and "National
Service Adviser." In such con
text "national service" is a eu
phemism used to denote military
conscription.
Considered simply as an in
stance of imprecise, sloppy Eng
lish this terminology is unbe
coming to any individual with
even as little intellect and edu
cation as has the average avo
cado. Moreover, this usage is
dishonest in the same sense that
Nazi references to "resettle
ment" and to "special treat
ment" were dishonest. That is,
in any discussions of situations
or events to which military con
scription is in any way related,
the term "national service"
tends to obscure rather than to
make clear the nature of the
topic.
NED GLICK
Editor, The Dally:
I see by the Friday Daily "Viet
Cong Destroy Billet" that blow
ing up a barracks from the
ground by sneak attack consti
tutes a "terrorist attack," there
by being reprehensible, dirty,
and not cricket. The Viet Cong
do that and are bad.
Thank goodness that blowing
up a barracks (village) from the
air by sneak attack is not a ter
rorist attack, thereby being
good, clean war. Americans do
that and are good.
DAVID RANSOM
• Sacred Cow
Editor, The Daily:
Tresidder Union is a sacred
cow, and from its most honor
able, commercial belly emerge
three legs: an officious post of
fice, an all-purpose supermarket
facaded with books, and a new
library of the same cosmopolit
an design. Of course a cow with
three legs cannot go very far,
but that, is beside the point.
For it has then the right to
stand and chew its cud, mull
over its own monied modernism,
and, of most importance: the
right to consume.
It can bowl and ping-pong
when it pleases, trim its shiny
hide and be massaged in the
process.
It can buy candy, cigarettes,
Playboy, even—despite the in
congruity, The New York Times.
And what is the purpose of the
most holy belly of this pre
sumptous cow? To digest, of
course.
All kinds of students, masses
of tourists, tours of bug-eyed

high-school pupils all can come
to the community feeding
ground to wet their whistles
with octane coffee by lining up
in the cattle ramps to be herded
through the merry, material
istic maze. Aesthetic architect
ure, productive philosophy, and
an atmospheric sitting place for
intellectual debates and spontan
eous spirits—all these are for
bidden by the religion of this
sacred cow.
And, in any case, our most
beloved Mrs. Stanford's will,
bless her soul, would probably
not allow such sublime sacril
edges.
808 ISSAC
• It's Conscription!
Editor, The Dally:
I object to Stanford Univer
sity's use of the terms "National
Service Office" and "National
Service Adviser." In such con
text "national service" is a eu
phemism used to denote military
conscription.
Considered simply as an in
stance of imprecise, sloppy Eng
lish this terminology is unbe
coming to any individual with
even as little intellect and edu
cation as has the average avo
cado. Moreover, this usage is
dishonest in the same sense that
Nazi references to "resettle
ment" and to "special treat
ment" were dishonest. That is,
in any discussions of situations
or events to which military con
scription is in any way related,
the term "national service"
tends to obscure rather than to
make clear the nature of the
topic.
NED GLICK
