# DAILY Sports
## Golfers Travel To Pasatiempo 
### 
Stanford's Varsity Golf Team,
under the tutelage of Coach Bud
Finger, travels to Pasatiempo
this weekend, April 7, 8 and 9,
to participate in the Northern
California Intercollegiate Golf
Tournament.
The contingent of six is com
prised of Leith Anderson, John
Bottomley, Walt Driver, Rich
Harris, Loy Martn and Greg
Picard. They will play in team
and individual competition.
Stanford will be meeting some
of the finest competition in
California. "We would be very

fortunate to place in the top
six," said Coach Finger, "If we
play well, something may come
up."
Thus far this year, Coach Fin
ger's linksmen have had an in
consistent season. The team is
young—no seniors — and there
has been some difficulty in ar
ranging time to practice.
According to Finger, spring
quarter schedules will allow for
more practising time than be
fore. "I feel that now as the sea
son goes on we will get better,"
added the Coach.
