# PRIZE ANNOUNCED
## 
### 
Two seats to the annual Big
Game Gaieties will he awarded
the student who submits the
best name for the new Stanford
dramatic society.
Suggestions should be turned
in at the Dramatic Manager's
office in the Old Union before
midnight next Friday, accord
ing to Bud Cady, president of
the newly formed organization.
Two seats to the annual Big
Game Gaieties will he awarded
the student who submits the
best name for the new Stanford
dramatic society.
Suggestions should be turned
in at the Dramatic Manager's
office in the Old Union before
midnight next Friday, accord
ing to Bud Cady, president of
the newly formed organization.
Two seats to the annual Big
Game Gaieties will he awarded
the student who submits the
best name for the new Stanford
dramatic society.
Suggestions should be turned
in at the Dramatic Manager's
office in the Old Union before
midnight next Friday, accord
ing to Bud Cady, president of
the newly formed organization.
Two seats to the annual Big
Game Gaieties will he awarded
the student who submits the
best name for the new Stanford
dramatic society.
Suggestions should be turned
in at the Dramatic Manager's
office in the Old Union before
midnight next Friday, accord
ing to Bud Cady, president of
the newly formed organization.
Two seats to the annual Big
Game Gaieties will he awarded
the student who submits the
best name for the new Stanford
dramatic society.
Suggestions should be turned
in at the Dramatic Manager's
office in the Old Union before
midnight next Friday, accord
ing to Bud Cady, president of
the newly formed organization.
Two seats to the annual Big
Game Gaieties will he awarded
the student who submits the
best name for the new Stanford
dramatic society.
Suggestions should be turned
in at the Dramatic Manager's
office in the Old Union before
midnight next Friday, accord
ing to Bud Cady, president of
the newly formed organization.
Two seats to the annual Big
Game Gaieties will he awarded
the student who submits the
best name for the new Stanford
dramatic society.
Suggestions should be turned
in at the Dramatic Manager's
office in the Old Union before
midnight next Friday, accord
ing to Bud Cady, president of
the newly formed organization.
Two seats to the annual Big
Game Gaieties will he awarded
the student who submits the
best name for the new Stanford
dramatic society.
Suggestions should be turned
in at the Dramatic Manager's
office in the Old Union before
midnight next Friday, accord
ing to Bud Cady, president of
the newly formed organization.
Two seats to the annual Big
Game Gaieties will he awarded
the student who submits the
best name for the new Stanford
dramatic society.
Suggestions should be turned
in at the Dramatic Manager's
office in the Old Union before
midnight next Friday, accord
ing to Bud Cady, president of
the newly formed organization.
Two seats to the annual Big
Game Gaieties will he awarded
the student who submits the
best name for the new Stanford
dramatic society.
Suggestions should be turned
in at the Dramatic Manager's
office in the Old Union before
midnight next Friday, accord
ing to Bud Cady, president of
the newly formed organization.
Two seats to the annual Big
Game Gaieties will he awarded
the student who submits the
best name for the new Stanford
dramatic society.
Suggestions should be turned
in at the Dramatic Manager's
office in the Old Union before
midnight next Friday, accord
ing to Bud Cady, president of
the newly formed organization.
Two seats to the annual Big
Game Gaieties will he awarded
the student who submits the
best name for the new Stanford
dramatic society.
Suggestions should be turned
in at the Dramatic Manager's
office in the Old Union before
midnight next Friday, accord
ing to Bud Cady, president of
the newly formed organization.
Two seats to the annual Big
Game Gaieties will he awarded
the student who submits the
best name for the new Stanford
dramatic society.
Suggestions should be turned
in at the Dramatic Manager's
office in the Old Union before
midnight next Friday, accord
ing to Bud Cady, president of
the newly formed organization.
Two seats to the annual Big
Game Gaieties will he awarded
the student who submits the
best name for the new Stanford
dramatic society.
Suggestions should be turned
in at the Dramatic Manager's
office in the Old Union before
midnight next Friday, accord
ing to Bud Cady, president of
the newly formed organization.
Two seats to the annual Big
Game Gaieties will he awarded
the student who submits the
best name for the new Stanford
dramatic society.
Suggestions should be turned
in at the Dramatic Manager's
office in the Old Union before
midnight next Friday, accord
ing to Bud Cady, president of
the newly formed organization.
Two seats to the annual Big
Game Gaieties will he awarded
the student who submits the
best name for the new Stanford
dramatic society.
Suggestions should be turned
in at the Dramatic Manager's
office in the Old Union before
midnight next Friday, accord
ing to Bud Cady, president of
the newly formed organization.
Two seats to the annual Big
Game Gaieties will he awarded
the student who submits the
best name for the new Stanford
dramatic society.
Suggestions should be turned
in at the Dramatic Manager's
office in the Old Union before
midnight next Friday, accord
ing to Bud Cady, president of
the newly formed organization.
