# MUM THUMB
## 
### 
CLAGARY, Oct. 10 (UP).—lt was
double trouble for Keith Belton,
recruit with the New York Ameri
can hockey team, when he fell and
broke his thumb. Belton is a deaf
mute and talks with his hands.
CLAGARY, Oct. 10 (UP).—lt was
double trouble for Keith Belton,
recruit with the New York Ameri
can hockey team, when he fell and
broke his thumb. Belton is a deaf
mute and talks with his hands.
CLAGARY, Oct. 10 (UP).—lt was
double trouble for Keith Belton,
recruit with the New York Ameri
can hockey team, when he fell and
broke his thumb. Belton is a deaf
mute and talks with his hands.
CLAGARY, Oct. 10 (UP).—lt was
double trouble for Keith Belton,
recruit with the New York Ameri
can hockey team, when he fell and
broke his thumb. Belton is a deaf
mute and talks with his hands.
CLAGARY, Oct. 10 (UP).—lt was
double trouble for Keith Belton,
recruit with the New York Ameri
can hockey team, when he fell and
broke his thumb. Belton is a deaf
mute and talks with his hands.
CLAGARY, Oct. 10 (UP).—lt was
double trouble for Keith Belton,
recruit with the New York Ameri
can hockey team, when he fell and
broke his thumb. Belton is a deaf
mute and talks with his hands.
CLAGARY, Oct. 10 (UP).—lt was
double trouble for Keith Belton,
recruit with the New York Ameri
can hockey team, when he fell and
broke his thumb. Belton is a deaf
mute and talks with his hands.
CLAGARY, Oct. 10 (UP).—lt was
double trouble for Keith Belton,
recruit with the New York Ameri
can hockey team, when he fell and
broke his thumb. Belton is a deaf
mute and talks with his hands.
CLAGARY, Oct. 10 (UP).—lt was
double trouble for Keith Belton,
recruit with the New York Ameri
can hockey team, when he fell and
broke his thumb. Belton is a deaf
mute and talks with his hands.
CLAGARY, Oct. 10 (UP).—lt was
double trouble for Keith Belton,
recruit with the New York Ameri
can hockey team, when he fell and
broke his thumb. Belton is a deaf
mute and talks with his hands.
CLAGARY, Oct. 10 (UP).—lt was
double trouble for Keith Belton,
recruit with the New York Ameri
can hockey team, when he fell and
broke his thumb. Belton is a deaf
mute and talks with his hands.
CLAGARY, Oct. 10 (UP).—lt was
double trouble for Keith Belton,
recruit with the New York Ameri
can hockey team, when he fell and
broke his thumb. Belton is a deaf
mute and talks with his hands.
CLAGARY, Oct. 10 (UP).—lt was
double trouble for Keith Belton,
recruit with the New York Ameri
can hockey team, when he fell and
broke his thumb. Belton is a deaf
mute and talks with his hands.
CLAGARY, Oct. 10 (UP).—lt was
double trouble for Keith Belton,
recruit with the New York Ameri
can hockey team, when he fell and
broke his thumb. Belton is a deaf
mute and talks with his hands.
CLAGARY, Oct. 10 (UP).—lt was
double trouble for Keith Belton,
recruit with the New York Ameri
can hockey team, when he fell and
broke his thumb. Belton is a deaf
mute and talks with his hands.
CLAGARY, Oct. 10 (UP).—lt was
double trouble for Keith Belton,
recruit with the New York Ameri
can hockey team, when he fell and
broke his thumb. Belton is a deaf
mute and talks with his hands.
CLAGARY, Oct. 10 (UP).—lt was
double trouble for Keith Belton,
recruit with the New York Ameri
can hockey team, when he fell and
broke his thumb. Belton is a deaf
mute and talks with his hands.
