# A 						World of Conferences.
## 
### 
The fad of conferences seems to be
spreading with great rapidity. The
Washington conference, the Growers'
conference, the forthcoming Genoa con
ference, and r(ow the senator from Utah
proposes a Housing conference. No
conference has yet accomplished any
thing tangible. Even the Washington
conference seems to be about to go on
the rocks.
The fad of conferences seems to be
spreading with great rapidity. The
Washington conference, the Growers'
conference, the forthcoming Genoa con
ference, and r(ow the senator from Utah
proposes a Housing conference. No
conference has yet accomplished any
thing tangible. Even the Washington
conference seems to be about to go on
the rocks.
The fad of conferences seems to be
spreading with great rapidity. The
Washington conference, the Growers'
conference, the forthcoming Genoa con
ference, and r(ow the senator from Utah
proposes a Housing conference. No
conference has yet accomplished any
thing tangible. Even the Washington
conference seems to be about to go on
the rocks.
The fad of conferences seems to be
spreading with great rapidity. The
Washington conference, the Growers'
conference, the forthcoming Genoa con
ference, and r(ow the senator from Utah
proposes a Housing conference. No
conference has yet accomplished any
thing tangible. Even the Washington
conference seems to be about to go on
the rocks.
The fad of conferences seems to be
spreading with great rapidity. The
Washington conference, the Growers'
conference, the forthcoming Genoa con
ference, and r(ow the senator from Utah
proposes a Housing conference. No
conference has yet accomplished any
thing tangible. Even the Washington
conference seems to be about to go on
the rocks.
The fad of conferences seems to be
spreading with great rapidity. The
Washington conference, the Growers'
conference, the forthcoming Genoa con
ference, and r(ow the senator from Utah
proposes a Housing conference. No
conference has yet accomplished any
thing tangible. Even the Washington
conference seems to be about to go on
the rocks.
The fad of conferences seems to be
spreading with great rapidity. The
Washington conference, the Growers'
conference, the forthcoming Genoa con
ference, and r(ow the senator from Utah
proposes a Housing conference. No
conference has yet accomplished any
thing tangible. Even the Washington
conference seems to be about to go on
the rocks.
The fad of conferences seems to be
spreading with great rapidity. The
Washington conference, the Growers'
conference, the forthcoming Genoa con
ference, and r(ow the senator from Utah
proposes a Housing conference. No
conference has yet accomplished any
thing tangible. Even the Washington
conference seems to be about to go on
the rocks.
The fad of conferences seems to be
spreading with great rapidity. The
Washington conference, the Growers'
conference, the forthcoming Genoa con
ference, and r(ow the senator from Utah
proposes a Housing conference. No
conference has yet accomplished any
thing tangible. Even the Washington
conference seems to be about to go on
the rocks.
The fad of conferences seems to be
spreading with great rapidity. The
Washington conference, the Growers'
conference, the forthcoming Genoa con
ference, and r(ow the senator from Utah
proposes a Housing conference. No
conference has yet accomplished any
thing tangible. Even the Washington
conference seems to be about to go on
the rocks.
The fad of conferences seems to be
spreading with great rapidity. The
Washington conference, the Growers'
conference, the forthcoming Genoa con
ference, and r(ow the senator from Utah
proposes a Housing conference. No
conference has yet accomplished any
thing tangible. Even the Washington
conference seems to be about to go on
the rocks.
The fad of conferences seems to be
spreading with great rapidity. The
Washington conference, the Growers'
conference, the forthcoming Genoa con
ference, and r(ow the senator from Utah
proposes a Housing conference. No
conference has yet accomplished any
thing tangible. Even the Washington
conference seems to be about to go on
the rocks.
The fad of conferences seems to be
spreading with great rapidity. The
Washington conference, the Growers'
conference, the forthcoming Genoa con
ference, and r(ow the senator from Utah
proposes a Housing conference. No
conference has yet accomplished any
thing tangible. Even the Washington
conference seems to be about to go on
the rocks.
The fad of conferences seems to be
spreading with great rapidity. The
Washington conference, the Growers'
conference, the forthcoming Genoa con
ference, and r(ow the senator from Utah
proposes a Housing conference. No
conference has yet accomplished any
thing tangible. Even the Washington
conference seems to be about to go on
the rocks.
