# Adv. 22 Page 4
## 
### 
The Ski Club meeting originally
scheduled for Thursday, Jan. 11,
will be held tonight at 8 p.m. in
Physics 100.
Final details of the Winter Car
nival will be explained and trans
portation to Squaw Valley either
by bus or ride sharing can be ar
ranged.
There will also be three ski
movies and a report on the snow
conditions.
The Ski Club meeting originally
scheduled for Thursday, Jan. 11,
will be held tonight at 8 p.m. in
Physics 100.
Final details of the Winter Car
nival will be explained and trans
portation to Squaw Valley either
by bus or ride sharing can be ar
ranged.
There will also be three ski
movies and a report on the snow
conditions.
The Ski Club meeting originally
scheduled for Thursday, Jan. 11,
will be held tonight at 8 p.m. in
Physics 100.
Final details of the Winter Car
nival will be explained and trans
portation to Squaw Valley either
by bus or ride sharing can be ar
ranged.
There will also be three ski
movies and a report on the snow
conditions.
The Ski Club meeting originally
scheduled for Thursday, Jan. 11,
will be held tonight at 8 p.m. in
Physics 100.
Final details of the Winter Car
nival will be explained and trans
portation to Squaw Valley either
by bus or ride sharing can be ar
ranged.
There will also be three ski
movies and a report on the snow
conditions.
The Ski Club meeting originally
scheduled for Thursday, Jan. 11,
will be held tonight at 8 p.m. in
Physics 100.
Final details of the Winter Car
nival will be explained and trans
portation to Squaw Valley either
by bus or ride sharing can be ar
ranged.
There will also be three ski
movies and a report on the snow
conditions.
The Ski Club meeting originally
scheduled for Thursday, Jan. 11,
will be held tonight at 8 p.m. in
Physics 100.
Final details of the Winter Car
nival will be explained and trans
portation to Squaw Valley either
by bus or ride sharing can be ar
ranged.
There will also be three ski
movies and a report on the snow
conditions.
The Ski Club meeting originally
scheduled for Thursday, Jan. 11,
will be held tonight at 8 p.m. in
Physics 100.
Final details of the Winter Car
nival will be explained and trans
portation to Squaw Valley either
by bus or ride sharing can be ar
ranged.
There will also be three ski
movies and a report on the snow
conditions.
The Ski Club meeting originally
scheduled for Thursday, Jan. 11,
will be held tonight at 8 p.m. in
Physics 100.
Final details of the Winter Car
nival will be explained and trans
portation to Squaw Valley either
by bus or ride sharing can be ar
ranged.
There will also be three ski
movies and a report on the snow
conditions.
The Ski Club meeting originally
scheduled for Thursday, Jan. 11,
will be held tonight at 8 p.m. in
Physics 100.
Final details of the Winter Car
nival will be explained and trans
portation to Squaw Valley either
by bus or ride sharing can be ar
ranged.
There will also be three ski
movies and a report on the snow
conditions.
The Ski Club meeting originally
scheduled for Thursday, Jan. 11,
will be held tonight at 8 p.m. in
Physics 100.
Final details of the Winter Car
nival will be explained and trans
portation to Squaw Valley either
by bus or ride sharing can be ar
ranged.
There will also be three ski
movies and a report on the snow
conditions.
The Ski Club meeting originally
scheduled for Thursday, Jan. 11,
will be held tonight at 8 p.m. in
Physics 100.
Final details of the Winter Car
nival will be explained and trans
portation to Squaw Valley either
by bus or ride sharing can be ar
ranged.
There will also be three ski
movies and a report on the snow
conditions.
The Ski Club meeting originally
scheduled for Thursday, Jan. 11,
will be held tonight at 8 p.m. in
Physics 100.
Final details of the Winter Car
nival will be explained and trans
portation to Squaw Valley either
by bus or ride sharing can be ar
ranged.
There will also be three ski
movies and a report on the snow
conditions.
The Ski Club meeting originally
scheduled for Thursday, Jan. 11,
will be held tonight at 8 p.m. in
Physics 100.
Final details of the Winter Car
nival will be explained and trans
portation to Squaw Valley either
by bus or ride sharing can be ar
ranged.
There will also be three ski
movies and a report on the snow
conditions.
The Ski Club meeting originally
scheduled for Thursday, Jan. 11,
will be held tonight at 8 p.m. in
Physics 100.
Final details of the Winter Car
nival will be explained and trans
portation to Squaw Valley either
by bus or ride sharing can be ar
ranged.
There will also be three ski
movies and a report on the snow
conditions.
The Ski Club meeting originally
scheduled for Thursday, Jan. 11,
will be held tonight at 8 p.m. in
Physics 100.
Final details of the Winter Car
nival will be explained and trans
portation to Squaw Valley either
by bus or ride sharing can be ar
ranged.
There will also be three ski
movies and a report on the snow
conditions.
The Ski Club meeting originally
scheduled for Thursday, Jan. 11,
will be held tonight at 8 p.m. in
Physics 100.
Final details of the Winter Car
nival will be explained and trans
portation to Squaw Valley either
by bus or ride sharing can be ar
ranged.
There will also be three ski
movies and a report on the snow
conditions.
The Ski Club meeting originally
scheduled for Thursday, Jan. 11,
will be held tonight at 8 p.m. in
Physics 100.
Final details of the Winter Car
nival will be explained and trans
portation to Squaw Valley either
by bus or ride sharing can be ar
ranged.
There will also be three ski
movies and a report on the snow
conditions.
