# Link to Speak On Science Tonight
## 
### 
Walter K. Link, exploration
manager of Petrobras, Brazil’s
government oil monopoly, will
lecture on the petroleum geology
and exploration of the Amazon
Basin today.

He will speak at 8 p.m. in Room
320 of the Geology Building under
the auspices of the American As
sociation of Petroleum Geologists’
Distinguished Lecture Commit
tee.

Link was chief geologist of the
Standard Oil Co. of New Jersey
before joining Petrobas in 1954.
Walter K. Link, exploration
manager of Petrobras, Brazil’s
government oil monopoly, will
lecture on the petroleum geology
and exploration of the Amazon
Basin today.

He will speak at 8 p.m. in Room
320 of the Geology Building under
the auspices of the American As
sociation of Petroleum Geologists’
Distinguished Lecture Commit
tee.

Link was chief geologist of the
Standard Oil Co. of New Jersey
before joining Petrobas in 1954.
Walter K. Link, exploration
manager of Petrobras, Brazil’s
government oil monopoly, will
lecture on the petroleum geology
and exploration of the Amazon
Basin today.

He will speak at 8 p.m. in Room
320 of the Geology Building under
the auspices of the American As
sociation of Petroleum Geologists’
Distinguished Lecture Commit
tee.

Link was chief geologist of the
Standard Oil Co. of New Jersey
before joining Petrobas in 1954.
Walter K. Link, exploration
manager of Petrobras, Brazil’s
government oil monopoly, will
lecture on the petroleum geology
and exploration of the Amazon
Basin today.

He will speak at 8 p.m. in Room
320 of the Geology Building under
the auspices of the American As
sociation of Petroleum Geologists’
Distinguished Lecture Commit
tee.

Link was chief geologist of the
Standard Oil Co. of New Jersey
before joining Petrobas in 1954.
Walter K. Link, exploration
manager of Petrobras, Brazil’s
government oil monopoly, will
lecture on the petroleum geology
and exploration of the Amazon
Basin today.

He will speak at 8 p.m. in Room
320 of the Geology Building under
the auspices of the American As
sociation of Petroleum Geologists’
Distinguished Lecture Commit
tee.

Link was chief geologist of the
Standard Oil Co. of New Jersey
before joining Petrobas in 1954.
Walter K. Link, exploration
manager of Petrobras, Brazil’s
government oil monopoly, will
lecture on the petroleum geology
and exploration of the Amazon
Basin today.

He will speak at 8 p.m. in Room
320 of the Geology Building under
the auspices of the American As
sociation of Petroleum Geologists’
Distinguished Lecture Commit
tee.

Link was chief geologist of the
Standard Oil Co. of New Jersey
before joining Petrobas in 1954.
Walter K. Link, exploration
manager of Petrobras, Brazil’s
government oil monopoly, will
lecture on the petroleum geology
and exploration of the Amazon
Basin today.

He will speak at 8 p.m. in Room
320 of the Geology Building under
the auspices of the American As
sociation of Petroleum Geologists’
Distinguished Lecture Commit
tee.

Link was chief geologist of the
Standard Oil Co. of New Jersey
before joining Petrobas in 1954.
Walter K. Link, exploration
manager of Petrobras, Brazil’s
government oil monopoly, will
lecture on the petroleum geology
and exploration of the Amazon
Basin today.

He will speak at 8 p.m. in Room
320 of the Geology Building under
the auspices of the American As
sociation of Petroleum Geologists’
Distinguished Lecture Commit
tee.

Link was chief geologist of the
Standard Oil Co. of New Jersey
before joining Petrobas in 1954.
Walter K. Link, exploration
manager of Petrobras, Brazil’s
government oil monopoly, will
lecture on the petroleum geology
and exploration of the Amazon
Basin today.

He will speak at 8 p.m. in Room
320 of the Geology Building under
the auspices of the American As
sociation of Petroleum Geologists’
Distinguished Lecture Commit
tee.

Link was chief geologist of the
Standard Oil Co. of New Jersey
before joining Petrobas in 1954.
Walter K. Link, exploration
manager of Petrobras, Brazil’s
government oil monopoly, will
lecture on the petroleum geology
and exploration of the Amazon
Basin today.

He will speak at 8 p.m. in Room
320 of the Geology Building under
the auspices of the American As
sociation of Petroleum Geologists’
Distinguished Lecture Commit
tee.

Link was chief geologist of the
Standard Oil Co. of New Jersey
before joining Petrobas in 1954.
Walter K. Link, exploration
manager of Petrobras, Brazil’s
government oil monopoly, will
lecture on the petroleum geology
and exploration of the Amazon
Basin today.

He will speak at 8 p.m. in Room
320 of the Geology Building under
the auspices of the American As
sociation of Petroleum Geologists’
Distinguished Lecture Commit
tee.

Link was chief geologist of the
Standard Oil Co. of New Jersey
before joining Petrobas in 1954.
Walter K. Link, exploration
manager of Petrobras, Brazil’s
government oil monopoly, will
lecture on the petroleum geology
and exploration of the Amazon
Basin today.

He will speak at 8 p.m. in Room
320 of the Geology Building under
the auspices of the American As
sociation of Petroleum Geologists’
Distinguished Lecture Commit
tee.

Link was chief geologist of the
Standard Oil Co. of New Jersey
before joining Petrobas in 1954.
Walter K. Link, exploration
manager of Petrobras, Brazil’s
government oil monopoly, will
lecture on the petroleum geology
and exploration of the Amazon
Basin today.

He will speak at 8 p.m. in Room
320 of the Geology Building under
the auspices of the American As
sociation of Petroleum Geologists’
Distinguished Lecture Commit
tee.

Link was chief geologist of the
Standard Oil Co. of New Jersey
before joining Petrobas in 1954.
Walter K. Link, exploration
manager of Petrobras, Brazil’s
government oil monopoly, will
lecture on the petroleum geology
and exploration of the Amazon
Basin today.

He will speak at 8 p.m. in Room
320 of the Geology Building under
the auspices of the American As
sociation of Petroleum Geologists’
Distinguished Lecture Commit
tee.

Link was chief geologist of the
Standard Oil Co. of New Jersey
before joining Petrobas in 1954.
Walter K. Link, exploration
manager of Petrobras, Brazil’s
government oil monopoly, will
lecture on the petroleum geology
and exploration of the Amazon
Basin today.

He will speak at 8 p.m. in Room
320 of the Geology Building under
the auspices of the American As
sociation of Petroleum Geologists’
Distinguished Lecture Commit
tee.

Link was chief geologist of the
Standard Oil Co. of New Jersey
before joining Petrobas in 1954.
Walter K. Link, exploration
manager of Petrobras, Brazil’s
government oil monopoly, will
lecture on the petroleum geology
and exploration of the Amazon
Basin today.

He will speak at 8 p.m. in Room
320 of the Geology Building under
the auspices of the American As
sociation of Petroleum Geologists’
Distinguished Lecture Commit
tee.

Link was chief geologist of the
Standard Oil Co. of New Jersey
before joining Petrobas in 1954.
Walter K. Link, exploration
manager of Petrobras, Brazil’s
government oil monopoly, will
lecture on the petroleum geology
and exploration of the Amazon
Basin today.

He will speak at 8 p.m. in Room
320 of the Geology Building under
the auspices of the American As
sociation of Petroleum Geologists’
Distinguished Lecture Commit
tee.

Link was chief geologist of the
Standard Oil Co. of New Jersey
before joining Petrobas in 1954.
