# College Notes.
## 
### 
In a triangular debate of the South
ern Conference, U. S. C., Pomona, and
Occidental each won one debate and
lost another.
In a triangular debate of the South
ern Conference, U. S. C., Pomona, and
Occidental each won one debate and
lost another.
In a triangular debate of the South
ern Conference, U. S. C., Pomona, and
Occidental each won one debate and
lost another.
In a triangular debate of the South
ern Conference, U. S. C., Pomona, and
Occidental each won one debate and
lost another.
In a triangular debate of the South
ern Conference, U. S. C., Pomona, and
Occidental each won one debate and
lost another.
In a triangular debate of the South
ern Conference, U. S. C., Pomona, and
Occidental each won one debate and
lost another.
In a triangular debate of the South
ern Conference, U. S. C., Pomona, and
Occidental each won one debate and
lost another.
In a triangular debate of the South
ern Conference, U. S. C., Pomona, and
Occidental each won one debate and
lost another.
In a triangular debate of the South
ern Conference, U. S. C., Pomona, and
Occidental each won one debate and
lost another.
In a triangular debate of the South
ern Conference, U. S. C., Pomona, and
Occidental each won one debate and
lost another.
In a triangular debate of the South
ern Conference, U. S. C., Pomona, and
Occidental each won one debate and
lost another.
In a triangular debate of the South
ern Conference, U. S. C., Pomona, and
Occidental each won one debate and
lost another.
In a triangular debate of the South
ern Conference, U. S. C., Pomona, and
Occidental each won one debate and
lost another.
In a triangular debate of the South
ern Conference, U. S. C., Pomona, and
Occidental each won one debate and
lost another.
