# STANFORD BAND PROFITS BY FIRST ANNUAL DANCE
## 
### 
Friday evening at the Armory thirty
two Stanford bandsmen added a new
feature to the schedule of annual
dances and provided excellent music
for a large number of dancers. Every
detail of management was worked oiit
with care, and the result was one of
the most successful entertainments of
the college year.
The dance netted the Stanford Mili
tary Band $75. The money will be
used either for general maintenance,
or to help pay for the trip through
Southern California during the iJaster
vacation.
Friday evening at the Armory thirty
two Stanford bandsmen added a new
feature to the schedule of annual
dances and provided excellent music
for a large number of dancers. Every
detail of management was worked oiit
with care, and the result was one of
the most successful entertainments of
the college year.
The dance netted the Stanford Mili
tary Band $75. The money will be
used either for general maintenance,
or to help pay for the trip through
Southern California during the iJaster
vacation.
Friday evening at the Armory thirty
two Stanford bandsmen added a new
feature to the schedule of annual
dances and provided excellent music
for a large number of dancers. Every
detail of management was worked oiit
with care, and the result was one of
the most successful entertainments of
the college year.
The dance netted the Stanford Mili
tary Band $75. The money will be
used either for general maintenance,
or to help pay for the trip through
Southern California during the iJaster
vacation.
Friday evening at the Armory thirty
two Stanford bandsmen added a new
feature to the schedule of annual
dances and provided excellent music
for a large number of dancers. Every
detail of management was worked oiit
with care, and the result was one of
the most successful entertainments of
the college year.
The dance netted the Stanford Mili
tary Band $75. The money will be
used either for general maintenance,
or to help pay for the trip through
Southern California during the iJaster
vacation.
Friday evening at the Armory thirty
two Stanford bandsmen added a new
feature to the schedule of annual
dances and provided excellent music
for a large number of dancers. Every
detail of management was worked oiit
with care, and the result was one of
the most successful entertainments of
the college year.
The dance netted the Stanford Mili
tary Band $75. The money will be
used either for general maintenance,
or to help pay for the trip through
Southern California during the iJaster
vacation.
Friday evening at the Armory thirty
two Stanford bandsmen added a new
feature to the schedule of annual
dances and provided excellent music
for a large number of dancers. Every
detail of management was worked oiit
with care, and the result was one of
the most successful entertainments of
the college year.
The dance netted the Stanford Mili
tary Band $75. The money will be
used either for general maintenance,
or to help pay for the trip through
Southern California during the iJaster
vacation.
Friday evening at the Armory thirty
two Stanford bandsmen added a new
feature to the schedule of annual
dances and provided excellent music
for a large number of dancers. Every
detail of management was worked oiit
with care, and the result was one of
the most successful entertainments of
the college year.
The dance netted the Stanford Mili
tary Band $75. The money will be
used either for general maintenance,
or to help pay for the trip through
Southern California during the iJaster
vacation.
Friday evening at the Armory thirty
two Stanford bandsmen added a new
feature to the schedule of annual
dances and provided excellent music
for a large number of dancers. Every
detail of management was worked oiit
with care, and the result was one of
the most successful entertainments of
the college year.
The dance netted the Stanford Mili
tary Band $75. The money will be
used either for general maintenance,
or to help pay for the trip through
Southern California during the iJaster
vacation.
Friday evening at the Armory thirty
two Stanford bandsmen added a new
feature to the schedule of annual
dances and provided excellent music
for a large number of dancers. Every
detail of management was worked oiit
with care, and the result was one of
the most successful entertainments of
the college year.
The dance netted the Stanford Mili
tary Band $75. The money will be
used either for general maintenance,
or to help pay for the trip through
Southern California during the iJaster
vacation.
Friday evening at the Armory thirty
two Stanford bandsmen added a new
feature to the schedule of annual
dances and provided excellent music
for a large number of dancers. Every
detail of management was worked oiit
with care, and the result was one of
the most successful entertainments of
the college year.
The dance netted the Stanford Mili
tary Band $75. The money will be
used either for general maintenance,
or to help pay for the trip through
Southern California during the iJaster
vacation.
Friday evening at the Armory thirty
two Stanford bandsmen added a new
feature to the schedule of annual
dances and provided excellent music
for a large number of dancers. Every
detail of management was worked oiit
with care, and the result was one of
the most successful entertainments of
the college year.
The dance netted the Stanford Mili
tary Band $75. The money will be
used either for general maintenance,
or to help pay for the trip through
Southern California during the iJaster
vacation.
Friday evening at the Armory thirty
two Stanford bandsmen added a new
feature to the schedule of annual
dances and provided excellent music
for a large number of dancers. Every
detail of management was worked oiit
with care, and the result was one of
the most successful entertainments of
the college year.
The dance netted the Stanford Mili
tary Band $75. The money will be
used either for general maintenance,
or to help pay for the trip through
Southern California during the iJaster
vacation.
Friday evening at the Armory thirty
two Stanford bandsmen added a new
feature to the schedule of annual
dances and provided excellent music
for a large number of dancers. Every
detail of management was worked oiit
with care, and the result was one of
the most successful entertainments of
the college year.
The dance netted the Stanford Mili
tary Band $75. The money will be
used either for general maintenance,
or to help pay for the trip through
Southern California during the iJaster
vacation.
Friday evening at the Armory thirty
two Stanford bandsmen added a new
feature to the schedule of annual
dances and provided excellent music
for a large number of dancers. Every
detail of management was worked oiit
with care, and the result was one of
the most successful entertainments of
the college year.
The dance netted the Stanford Mili
tary Band $75. The money will be
used either for general maintenance,
or to help pay for the trip through
Southern California during the iJaster
vacation.
