# CAMPUS OPINION
## BANKRUPTCY BLUES 
### 
The Editor, Sir:
As a voter for the Thirty Dollar
pension plan in the straw vote held
Thursday, I wish to register a pro
test against the subtle propaganda
issued by the commentator in The
Daily who stated that the votes for
the pension plan probably were "de
liberate," implying that they were
the insertions of fun-loving jesters
who probably "deep down in their
hearts" realized the fundamental
fallacies of the proposal.
Did it ever occur to this com
mentator that progress in the social
sense of the term usually antedates
economic dislocation? Certainly, if
studies indicate the productive ca
pacity of the country and particular
ly of California a.s being sufficient to
give all of its citizens the equiva
lent of thirty dollars weekly in real
income, these "senior citizens" are
not asking for unwarranted amounts.
Many of us who voted for the plan
did so in the hope that such a meas
ure—or in correlation with other
similar measures—would eventually
lead indirectly through government
bankruptcy or directly through gov
ernment planning to a determined
effort on the part of the government
to unleashe all productive mechan

isms for the subsequent welfare of
all.
The commentator and the editorial
writers who accuse such pension ad
vocates of being short-sighted, are
themselves manifesting a myopic at
titude which is a natural conse
quence of considering a plan solely
upon its immediate economic re
sults apart from the future implica
tions of human well-being growing
out of economic dislocation.
Noddy
The Editor, Sir:
As a voter for the Thirty Dollar
pension plan in the straw vote held
Thursday, I wish to register a pro
test against the subtle propaganda
issued by the commentator in The
Daily who stated that the votes for
the pension plan probably were "de
liberate," implying that they were
the insertions of fun-loving jesters
who probably "deep down in their
hearts" realized the fundamental
fallacies of the proposal.
Did it ever occur to this com
mentator that progress in the social
sense of the term usually antedates
economic dislocation? Certainly, if
studies indicate the productive ca
pacity of the country and particular
ly of California a.s being sufficient to
give all of its citizens the equiva
lent of thirty dollars weekly in real
income, these "senior citizens" are
not asking for unwarranted amounts.
Many of us who voted for the plan
did so in the hope that such a meas
ure—or in correlation with other
similar measures—would eventually
lead indirectly through government
bankruptcy or directly through gov
ernment planning to a determined
effort on the part of the government
to unleashe all productive mechan

isms for the subsequent welfare of
all.
The commentator and the editorial
writers who accuse such pension ad
vocates of being short-sighted, are
themselves manifesting a myopic at
titude which is a natural conse
quence of considering a plan solely
upon its immediate economic re
sults apart from the future implica
tions of human well-being growing
out of economic dislocation.
Noddy
The Editor, Sir:
As a voter for the Thirty Dollar
pension plan in the straw vote held
Thursday, I wish to register a pro
test against the subtle propaganda
issued by the commentator in The
Daily who stated that the votes for
the pension plan probably were "de
liberate," implying that they were
the insertions of fun-loving jesters
who probably "deep down in their
hearts" realized the fundamental
fallacies of the proposal.
Did it ever occur to this com
mentator that progress in the social
sense of the term usually antedates
economic dislocation? Certainly, if
studies indicate the productive ca
pacity of the country and particular
ly of California a.s being sufficient to
give all of its citizens the equiva
lent of thirty dollars weekly in real
income, these "senior citizens" are
not asking for unwarranted amounts.
Many of us who voted for the plan
did so in the hope that such a meas
ure—or in correlation with other
similar measures—would eventually
lead indirectly through government
bankruptcy or directly through gov
ernment planning to a determined
effort on the part of the government
to unleashe all productive mechan

isms for the subsequent welfare of
all.
The commentator and the editorial
writers who accuse such pension ad
vocates of being short-sighted, are
themselves manifesting a myopic at
titude which is a natural conse
quence of considering a plan solely
upon its immediate economic re
sults apart from the future implica
tions of human well-being growing
out of economic dislocation.
Noddy
The Editor, Sir:
As a voter for the Thirty Dollar
pension plan in the straw vote held
Thursday, I wish to register a pro
test against the subtle propaganda
issued by the commentator in The
Daily who stated that the votes for
the pension plan probably were "de
liberate," implying that they were
the insertions of fun-loving jesters
who probably "deep down in their
hearts" realized the fundamental
fallacies of the proposal.
Did it ever occur to this com
mentator that progress in the social
sense of the term usually antedates
economic dislocation? Certainly, if
studies indicate the productive ca
pacity of the country and particular
ly of California a.s being sufficient to
give all of its citizens the equiva
lent of thirty dollars weekly in real
income, these "senior citizens" are
not asking for unwarranted amounts.
Many of us who voted for the plan
did so in the hope that such a meas
ure—or in correlation with other
similar measures—would eventually
lead indirectly through government
bankruptcy or directly through gov
ernment planning to a determined
effort on the part of the government
to unleashe all productive mechan

isms for the subsequent welfare of
all.
The commentator and the editorial
writers who accuse such pension ad
vocates of being short-sighted, are
themselves manifesting a myopic at
titude which is a natural conse
quence of considering a plan solely
upon its immediate economic re
sults apart from the future implica
tions of human well-being growing
out of economic dislocation.
Noddy
The Editor, Sir:
As a voter for the Thirty Dollar
pension plan in the straw vote held
Thursday, I wish to register a pro
test against the subtle propaganda
issued by the commentator in The
Daily who stated that the votes for
the pension plan probably were "de
liberate," implying that they were
the insertions of fun-loving jesters
who probably "deep down in their
hearts" realized the fundamental
fallacies of the proposal.
Did it ever occur to this com
mentator that progress in the social
sense of the term usually antedates
economic dislocation? Certainly, if
studies indicate the productive ca
pacity of the country and particular
ly of California a.s being sufficient to
give all of its citizens the equiva
lent of thirty dollars weekly in real
income, these "senior citizens" are
not asking for unwarranted amounts.
Many of us who voted for the plan
did so in the hope that such a meas
ure—or in correlation with other
similar measures—would eventually
lead indirectly through government
bankruptcy or directly through gov
ernment planning to a determined
effort on the part of the government
to unleashe all productive mechan

isms for the subsequent welfare of
all.
The commentator and the editorial
writers who accuse such pension ad
vocates of being short-sighted, are
themselves manifesting a myopic at
titude which is a natural conse
quence of considering a plan solely
upon its immediate economic re
sults apart from the future implica
tions of human well-being growing
out of economic dislocation.
Noddy
The Editor, Sir:
As a voter for the Thirty Dollar
pension plan in the straw vote held
Thursday, I wish to register a pro
test against the subtle propaganda
issued by the commentator in The
Daily who stated that the votes for
the pension plan probably were "de
liberate," implying that they were
the insertions of fun-loving jesters
who probably "deep down in their
hearts" realized the fundamental
fallacies of the proposal.
Did it ever occur to this com
mentator that progress in the social
sense of the term usually antedates
economic dislocation? Certainly, if
studies indicate the productive ca
pacity of the country and particular
ly of California a.s being sufficient to
give all of its citizens the equiva
lent of thirty dollars weekly in real
income, these "senior citizens" are
not asking for unwarranted amounts.
Many of us who voted for the plan
did so in the hope that such a meas
ure—or in correlation with other
similar measures—would eventually
lead indirectly through government
bankruptcy or directly through gov
ernment planning to a determined
effort on the part of the government
to unleashe all productive mechan

isms for the subsequent welfare of
all.
The commentator and the editorial
writers who accuse such pension ad
vocates of being short-sighted, are
themselves manifesting a myopic at
titude which is a natural conse
quence of considering a plan solely
upon its immediate economic re
sults apart from the future implica
tions of human well-being growing
out of economic dislocation.
Noddy
The Editor, Sir:
As a voter for the Thirty Dollar
pension plan in the straw vote held
Thursday, I wish to register a pro
test against the subtle propaganda
issued by the commentator in The
Daily who stated that the votes for
the pension plan probably were "de
liberate," implying that they were
the insertions of fun-loving jesters
who probably "deep down in their
hearts" realized the fundamental
fallacies of the proposal.
Did it ever occur to this com
mentator that progress in the social
sense of the term usually antedates
economic dislocation? Certainly, if
studies indicate the productive ca
pacity of the country and particular
ly of California a.s being sufficient to
give all of its citizens the equiva
lent of thirty dollars weekly in real
income, these "senior citizens" are
not asking for unwarranted amounts.
Many of us who voted for the plan
did so in the hope that such a meas
ure—or in correlation with other
similar measures—would eventually
lead indirectly through government
bankruptcy or directly through gov
ernment planning to a determined
effort on the part of the government
to unleashe all productive mechan

isms for the subsequent welfare of
all.
The commentator and the editorial
writers who accuse such pension ad
vocates of being short-sighted, are
themselves manifesting a myopic at
titude which is a natural conse
quence of considering a plan solely
upon its immediate economic re
sults apart from the future implica
tions of human well-being growing
out of economic dislocation.
Noddy
The Editor, Sir:
As a voter for the Thirty Dollar
pension plan in the straw vote held
Thursday, I wish to register a pro
test against the subtle propaganda
issued by the commentator in The
Daily who stated that the votes for
the pension plan probably were "de
liberate," implying that they were
the insertions of fun-loving jesters
who probably "deep down in their
hearts" realized the fundamental
fallacies of the proposal.
Did it ever occur to this com
mentator that progress in the social
sense of the term usually antedates
economic dislocation? Certainly, if
studies indicate the productive ca
pacity of the country and particular
ly of California a.s being sufficient to
give all of its citizens the equiva
lent of thirty dollars weekly in real
income, these "senior citizens" are
not asking for unwarranted amounts.
Many of us who voted for the plan
did so in the hope that such a meas
ure—or in correlation with other
similar measures—would eventually
lead indirectly through government
bankruptcy or directly through gov
ernment planning to a determined
effort on the part of the government
to unleashe all productive mechan

isms for the subsequent welfare of
all.
The commentator and the editorial
writers who accuse such pension ad
vocates of being short-sighted, are
themselves manifesting a myopic at
titude which is a natural conse
quence of considering a plan solely
upon its immediate economic re
sults apart from the future implica
tions of human well-being growing
out of economic dislocation.
Noddy
The Editor, Sir:
As a voter for the Thirty Dollar
pension plan in the straw vote held
Thursday, I wish to register a pro
test against the subtle propaganda
issued by the commentator in The
Daily who stated that the votes for
the pension plan probably were "de
liberate," implying that they were
the insertions of fun-loving jesters
who probably "deep down in their
hearts" realized the fundamental
fallacies of the proposal.
Did it ever occur to this com
mentator that progress in the social
sense of the term usually antedates
economic dislocation? Certainly, if
studies indicate the productive ca
pacity of the country and particular
ly of California a.s being sufficient to
give all of its citizens the equiva
lent of thirty dollars weekly in real
income, these "senior citizens" are
not asking for unwarranted amounts.
Many of us who voted for the plan
did so in the hope that such a meas
ure—or in correlation with other
similar measures—would eventually
lead indirectly through government
bankruptcy or directly through gov
ernment planning to a determined
effort on the part of the government
to unleashe all productive mechan

isms for the subsequent welfare of
all.
The commentator and the editorial
writers who accuse such pension ad
vocates of being short-sighted, are
themselves manifesting a myopic at
titude which is a natural conse
quence of considering a plan solely
upon its immediate economic re
sults apart from the future implica
tions of human well-being growing
out of economic dislocation.
Noddy
The Editor, Sir:
As a voter for the Thirty Dollar
pension plan in the straw vote held
Thursday, I wish to register a pro
test against the subtle propaganda
issued by the commentator in The
Daily who stated that the votes for
the pension plan probably were "de
liberate," implying that they were
the insertions of fun-loving jesters
who probably "deep down in their
hearts" realized the fundamental
fallacies of the proposal.
Did it ever occur to this com
mentator that progress in the social
sense of the term usually antedates
economic dislocation? Certainly, if
studies indicate the productive ca
pacity of the country and particular
ly of California a.s being sufficient to
give all of its citizens the equiva
lent of thirty dollars weekly in real
income, these "senior citizens" are
not asking for unwarranted amounts.
Many of us who voted for the plan
did so in the hope that such a meas
ure—or in correlation with other
similar measures—would eventually
lead indirectly through government
bankruptcy or directly through gov
ernment planning to a determined
effort on the part of the government
to unleashe all productive mechan

isms for the subsequent welfare of
all.
The commentator and the editorial
writers who accuse such pension ad
vocates of being short-sighted, are
themselves manifesting a myopic at
titude which is a natural conse
quence of considering a plan solely
upon its immediate economic re
sults apart from the future implica
tions of human well-being growing
out of economic dislocation.
Noddy
The Editor, Sir:
As a voter for the Thirty Dollar
pension plan in the straw vote held
Thursday, I wish to register a pro
test against the subtle propaganda
issued by the commentator in The
Daily who stated that the votes for
the pension plan probably were "de
liberate," implying that they were
the insertions of fun-loving jesters
who probably "deep down in their
hearts" realized the fundamental
fallacies of the proposal.
Did it ever occur to this com
mentator that progress in the social
sense of the term usually antedates
economic dislocation? Certainly, if
studies indicate the productive ca
pacity of the country and particular
ly of California a.s being sufficient to
give all of its citizens the equiva
lent of thirty dollars weekly in real
income, these "senior citizens" are
not asking for unwarranted amounts.
Many of us who voted for the plan
did so in the hope that such a meas
ure—or in correlation with other
similar measures—would eventually
lead indirectly through government
bankruptcy or directly through gov
ernment planning to a determined
effort on the part of the government
to unleashe all productive mechan

isms for the subsequent welfare of
all.
The commentator and the editorial
writers who accuse such pension ad
vocates of being short-sighted, are
themselves manifesting a myopic at
titude which is a natural conse
quence of considering a plan solely
upon its immediate economic re
sults apart from the future implica
tions of human well-being growing
out of economic dislocation.
Noddy
The Editor, Sir:
As a voter for the Thirty Dollar
pension plan in the straw vote held
Thursday, I wish to register a pro
test against the subtle propaganda
issued by the commentator in The
Daily who stated that the votes for
the pension plan probably were "de
liberate," implying that they were
the insertions of fun-loving jesters
who probably "deep down in their
hearts" realized the fundamental
fallacies of the proposal.
Did it ever occur to this com
mentator that progress in the social
sense of the term usually antedates
economic dislocation? Certainly, if
studies indicate the productive ca
pacity of the country and particular
ly of California a.s being sufficient to
give all of its citizens the equiva
lent of thirty dollars weekly in real
income, these "senior citizens" are
not asking for unwarranted amounts.
Many of us who voted for the plan
did so in the hope that such a meas
ure—or in correlation with other
similar measures—would eventually
lead indirectly through government
bankruptcy or directly through gov
ernment planning to a determined
effort on the part of the government
to unleashe all productive mechan

isms for the subsequent welfare of
all.
The commentator and the editorial
writers who accuse such pension ad
vocates of being short-sighted, are
themselves manifesting a myopic at
titude which is a natural conse
quence of considering a plan solely
upon its immediate economic re
sults apart from the future implica
tions of human well-being growing
out of economic dislocation.
Noddy
The Editor, Sir:
As a voter for the Thirty Dollar
pension plan in the straw vote held
Thursday, I wish to register a pro
test against the subtle propaganda
issued by the commentator in The
Daily who stated that the votes for
the pension plan probably were "de
liberate," implying that they were
the insertions of fun-loving jesters
who probably "deep down in their
hearts" realized the fundamental
fallacies of the proposal.
Did it ever occur to this com
mentator that progress in the social
sense of the term usually antedates
economic dislocation? Certainly, if
studies indicate the productive ca
pacity of the country and particular
ly of California a.s being sufficient to
give all of its citizens the equiva
lent of thirty dollars weekly in real
income, these "senior citizens" are
not asking for unwarranted amounts.
Many of us who voted for the plan
did so in the hope that such a meas
ure—or in correlation with other
similar measures—would eventually
lead indirectly through government
bankruptcy or directly through gov
ernment planning to a determined
effort on the part of the government
to unleashe all productive mechan

isms for the subsequent welfare of
all.
The commentator and the editorial
writers who accuse such pension ad
vocates of being short-sighted, are
themselves manifesting a myopic at
titude which is a natural conse
quence of considering a plan solely
upon its immediate economic re
sults apart from the future implica
tions of human well-being growing
out of economic dislocation.
Noddy
The Editor, Sir:
As a voter for the Thirty Dollar
pension plan in the straw vote held
Thursday, I wish to register a pro
test against the subtle propaganda
issued by the commentator in The
Daily who stated that the votes for
the pension plan probably were "de
liberate," implying that they were
the insertions of fun-loving jesters
who probably "deep down in their
hearts" realized the fundamental
fallacies of the proposal.
Did it ever occur to this com
mentator that progress in the social
sense of the term usually antedates
economic dislocation? Certainly, if
studies indicate the productive ca
pacity of the country and particular
ly of California a.s being sufficient to
give all of its citizens the equiva
lent of thirty dollars weekly in real
income, these "senior citizens" are
not asking for unwarranted amounts.
Many of us who voted for the plan
did so in the hope that such a meas
ure—or in correlation with other
similar measures—would eventually
lead indirectly through government
bankruptcy or directly through gov
ernment planning to a determined
effort on the part of the government
to unleashe all productive mechan

isms for the subsequent welfare of
all.
The commentator and the editorial
writers who accuse such pension ad
vocates of being short-sighted, are
themselves manifesting a myopic at
titude which is a natural conse
quence of considering a plan solely
upon its immediate economic re
sults apart from the future implica
tions of human well-being growing
out of economic dislocation.
Noddy
The Editor, Sir:
As a voter for the Thirty Dollar
pension plan in the straw vote held
Thursday, I wish to register a pro
test against the subtle propaganda
issued by the commentator in The
Daily who stated that the votes for
the pension plan probably were "de
liberate," implying that they were
the insertions of fun-loving jesters
who probably "deep down in their
hearts" realized the fundamental
fallacies of the proposal.
Did it ever occur to this com
mentator that progress in the social
sense of the term usually antedates
economic dislocation? Certainly, if
studies indicate the productive ca
pacity of the country and particular
ly of California a.s being sufficient to
give all of its citizens the equiva
lent of thirty dollars weekly in real
income, these "senior citizens" are
not asking for unwarranted amounts.
Many of us who voted for the plan
did so in the hope that such a meas
ure—or in correlation with other
similar measures—would eventually
lead indirectly through government
bankruptcy or directly through gov
ernment planning to a determined
effort on the part of the government
to unleashe all productive mechan

isms for the subsequent welfare of
all.
The commentator and the editorial
writers who accuse such pension ad
vocates of being short-sighted, are
themselves manifesting a myopic at
titude which is a natural conse
quence of considering a plan solely
upon its immediate economic re
sults apart from the future implica
tions of human well-being growing
out of economic dislocation.
Noddy
