# Mechanical Bucking Bronco
## 
### 

"YIPPEE! LET 'ER BUCK!" That in effect, is what the rider of this
three-ton mechanical bucking hronco is saying at Itiirhank. Calif., as
he subjects the juggernaut to jolts, skids, and bounces. The bucking
hronco. unnamed as yet, tests the tricycle landing gear for a new plane
developed by a subsidiary of the Lockheed corporation.

"YIPPEE! LET 'ER BUCK!" That in effect, is what the rider of this
three-ton mechanical bucking hronco is saying at Itiirhank. Calif., as
he subjects the juggernaut to jolts, skids, and bounces. The bucking
hronco. unnamed as yet, tests the tricycle landing gear for a new plane
developed by a subsidiary of the Lockheed corporation.

"YIPPEE! LET 'ER BUCK!" That in effect, is what the rider of this
three-ton mechanical bucking hronco is saying at Itiirhank. Calif., as
he subjects the juggernaut to jolts, skids, and bounces. The bucking
hronco. unnamed as yet, tests the tricycle landing gear for a new plane
developed by a subsidiary of the Lockheed corporation.

"YIPPEE! LET 'ER BUCK!" That in effect, is what the rider of this
three-ton mechanical bucking hronco is saying at Itiirhank. Calif., as
he subjects the juggernaut to jolts, skids, and bounces. The bucking
hronco. unnamed as yet, tests the tricycle landing gear for a new plane
developed by a subsidiary of the Lockheed corporation.

"YIPPEE! LET 'ER BUCK!" That in effect, is what the rider of this
three-ton mechanical bucking hronco is saying at Itiirhank. Calif., as
he subjects the juggernaut to jolts, skids, and bounces. The bucking
hronco. unnamed as yet, tests the tricycle landing gear for a new plane
developed by a subsidiary of the Lockheed corporation.

"YIPPEE! LET 'ER BUCK!" That in effect, is what the rider of this
three-ton mechanical bucking hronco is saying at Itiirhank. Calif., as
he subjects the juggernaut to jolts, skids, and bounces. The bucking
hronco. unnamed as yet, tests the tricycle landing gear for a new plane
developed by a subsidiary of the Lockheed corporation.

"YIPPEE! LET 'ER BUCK!" That in effect, is what the rider of this
three-ton mechanical bucking hronco is saying at Itiirhank. Calif., as
he subjects the juggernaut to jolts, skids, and bounces. The bucking
hronco. unnamed as yet, tests the tricycle landing gear for a new plane
developed by a subsidiary of the Lockheed corporation.

"YIPPEE! LET 'ER BUCK!" That in effect, is what the rider of this
three-ton mechanical bucking hronco is saying at Itiirhank. Calif., as
he subjects the juggernaut to jolts, skids, and bounces. The bucking
hronco. unnamed as yet, tests the tricycle landing gear for a new plane
developed by a subsidiary of the Lockheed corporation.

"YIPPEE! LET 'ER BUCK!" That in effect, is what the rider of this
three-ton mechanical bucking hronco is saying at Itiirhank. Calif., as
he subjects the juggernaut to jolts, skids, and bounces. The bucking
hronco. unnamed as yet, tests the tricycle landing gear for a new plane
developed by a subsidiary of the Lockheed corporation.

"YIPPEE! LET 'ER BUCK!" That in effect, is what the rider of this
three-ton mechanical bucking hronco is saying at Itiirhank. Calif., as
he subjects the juggernaut to jolts, skids, and bounces. The bucking
hronco. unnamed as yet, tests the tricycle landing gear for a new plane
developed by a subsidiary of the Lockheed corporation.

"YIPPEE! LET 'ER BUCK!" That in effect, is what the rider of this
three-ton mechanical bucking hronco is saying at Itiirhank. Calif., as
he subjects the juggernaut to jolts, skids, and bounces. The bucking
hronco. unnamed as yet, tests the tricycle landing gear for a new plane
developed by a subsidiary of the Lockheed corporation.

"YIPPEE! LET 'ER BUCK!" That in effect, is what the rider of this
three-ton mechanical bucking hronco is saying at Itiirhank. Calif., as
he subjects the juggernaut to jolts, skids, and bounces. The bucking
hronco. unnamed as yet, tests the tricycle landing gear for a new plane
developed by a subsidiary of the Lockheed corporation.

"YIPPEE! LET 'ER BUCK!" That in effect, is what the rider of this
three-ton mechanical bucking hronco is saying at Itiirhank. Calif., as
he subjects the juggernaut to jolts, skids, and bounces. The bucking
hronco. unnamed as yet, tests the tricycle landing gear for a new plane
developed by a subsidiary of the Lockheed corporation.

"YIPPEE! LET 'ER BUCK!" That in effect, is what the rider of this
three-ton mechanical bucking hronco is saying at Itiirhank. Calif., as
he subjects the juggernaut to jolts, skids, and bounces. The bucking
hronco. unnamed as yet, tests the tricycle landing gear for a new plane
developed by a subsidiary of the Lockheed corporation.

"YIPPEE! LET 'ER BUCK!" That in effect, is what the rider of this
three-ton mechanical bucking hronco is saying at Itiirhank. Calif., as
he subjects the juggernaut to jolts, skids, and bounces. The bucking
hronco. unnamed as yet, tests the tricycle landing gear for a new plane
developed by a subsidiary of the Lockheed corporation.
