# Novice Tourney Set for Boxers
## Squad Prepares For Finals Thursday 
### 
Finalists of a two-day elimination
series today were pointing toward
the Circle "S" Society's annual
Novice Boxing Tournament with its
eight weight division championships
in the Pavilion at 8 o'clock Thurs
day night. Admission will be 25
cents for students with A.S.S.U.
cards and 50 cents for the public.
Three two-minute round bouts,
the limit under Pacific Coast Inter
collegiate boxing rules, will crown
Stanford's novice champions from
the heavyweight to bantamweight
divisions. Gold boxing gloves with
the Circle "S" inscribed will be
awarded the University titlists, ac
cording to Coach Clayton Frye.
Heavyweight contenders will be
Collins and either Levin or Potts.
Stein and Zeller fought their way
into the 175-pound finals, and Carr
and McMichael are scheduled for
the 165-pound title bout. Jim Graves
and McCloud will battle in the 155-
pound division.
In the finals for the 145-pound
class are Fairfax and Vedder, while
Kane will square off with Wilson in
the 135-pound championships. Lins
ley and Spain won out in the 125-
pound weight, and Bell and Grady
are matched for the bantamweight
title.
Finalists of a two-day elimination
series today were pointing toward
the Circle "S" Society's annual
Novice Boxing Tournament with its
eight weight division championships
in the Pavilion at 8 o'clock Thurs
day night. Admission will be 25
cents for students with A.S.S.U.
cards and 50 cents for the public.
Three two-minute round bouts,
the limit under Pacific Coast Inter
collegiate boxing rules, will crown
Stanford's novice champions from
the heavyweight to bantamweight
divisions. Gold boxing gloves with
the Circle "S" inscribed will be
awarded the University titlists, ac
cording to Coach Clayton Frye.
Heavyweight contenders will be
Collins and either Levin or Potts.
Stein and Zeller fought their way
into the 175-pound finals, and Carr
and McMichael are scheduled for
the 165-pound title bout. Jim Graves
and McCloud will battle in the 155-
pound division.
In the finals for the 145-pound
class are Fairfax and Vedder, while
Kane will square off with Wilson in
the 135-pound championships. Lins
ley and Spain won out in the 125-
pound weight, and Bell and Grady
are matched for the bantamweight
title.
Finalists of a two-day elimination
series today were pointing toward
the Circle "S" Society's annual
Novice Boxing Tournament with its
eight weight division championships
in the Pavilion at 8 o'clock Thurs
day night. Admission will be 25
cents for students with A.S.S.U.
cards and 50 cents for the public.
Three two-minute round bouts,
the limit under Pacific Coast Inter
collegiate boxing rules, will crown
Stanford's novice champions from
the heavyweight to bantamweight
divisions. Gold boxing gloves with
the Circle "S" inscribed will be
awarded the University titlists, ac
cording to Coach Clayton Frye.
Heavyweight contenders will be
Collins and either Levin or Potts.
Stein and Zeller fought their way
into the 175-pound finals, and Carr
and McMichael are scheduled for
the 165-pound title bout. Jim Graves
and McCloud will battle in the 155-
pound division.
In the finals for the 145-pound
class are Fairfax and Vedder, while
Kane will square off with Wilson in
the 135-pound championships. Lins
ley and Spain won out in the 125-
pound weight, and Bell and Grady
are matched for the bantamweight
title.
Finalists of a two-day elimination
series today were pointing toward
the Circle "S" Society's annual
Novice Boxing Tournament with its
eight weight division championships
in the Pavilion at 8 o'clock Thurs
day night. Admission will be 25
cents for students with A.S.S.U.
cards and 50 cents for the public.
Three two-minute round bouts,
the limit under Pacific Coast Inter
collegiate boxing rules, will crown
Stanford's novice champions from
the heavyweight to bantamweight
divisions. Gold boxing gloves with
the Circle "S" inscribed will be
awarded the University titlists, ac
cording to Coach Clayton Frye.
Heavyweight contenders will be
Collins and either Levin or Potts.
Stein and Zeller fought their way
into the 175-pound finals, and Carr
and McMichael are scheduled for
the 165-pound title bout. Jim Graves
and McCloud will battle in the 155-
pound division.
In the finals for the 145-pound
class are Fairfax and Vedder, while
Kane will square off with Wilson in
the 135-pound championships. Lins
ley and Spain won out in the 125-
pound weight, and Bell and Grady
are matched for the bantamweight
title.
Finalists of a two-day elimination
series today were pointing toward
the Circle "S" Society's annual
Novice Boxing Tournament with its
eight weight division championships
in the Pavilion at 8 o'clock Thurs
day night. Admission will be 25
cents for students with A.S.S.U.
cards and 50 cents for the public.
Three two-minute round bouts,
the limit under Pacific Coast Inter
collegiate boxing rules, will crown
Stanford's novice champions from
the heavyweight to bantamweight
divisions. Gold boxing gloves with
the Circle "S" inscribed will be
awarded the University titlists, ac
cording to Coach Clayton Frye.
Heavyweight contenders will be
Collins and either Levin or Potts.
Stein and Zeller fought their way
into the 175-pound finals, and Carr
and McMichael are scheduled for
the 165-pound title bout. Jim Graves
and McCloud will battle in the 155-
pound division.
In the finals for the 145-pound
class are Fairfax and Vedder, while
Kane will square off with Wilson in
the 135-pound championships. Lins
ley and Spain won out in the 125-
pound weight, and Bell and Grady
are matched for the bantamweight
title.
Finalists of a two-day elimination
series today were pointing toward
the Circle "S" Society's annual
Novice Boxing Tournament with its
eight weight division championships
in the Pavilion at 8 o'clock Thurs
day night. Admission will be 25
cents for students with A.S.S.U.
cards and 50 cents for the public.
Three two-minute round bouts,
the limit under Pacific Coast Inter
collegiate boxing rules, will crown
Stanford's novice champions from
the heavyweight to bantamweight
divisions. Gold boxing gloves with
the Circle "S" inscribed will be
awarded the University titlists, ac
cording to Coach Clayton Frye.
Heavyweight contenders will be
Collins and either Levin or Potts.
Stein and Zeller fought their way
into the 175-pound finals, and Carr
and McMichael are scheduled for
the 165-pound title bout. Jim Graves
and McCloud will battle in the 155-
pound division.
In the finals for the 145-pound
class are Fairfax and Vedder, while
Kane will square off with Wilson in
the 135-pound championships. Lins
ley and Spain won out in the 125-
pound weight, and Bell and Grady
are matched for the bantamweight
title.
Finalists of a two-day elimination
series today were pointing toward
the Circle "S" Society's annual
Novice Boxing Tournament with its
eight weight division championships
in the Pavilion at 8 o'clock Thurs
day night. Admission will be 25
cents for students with A.S.S.U.
cards and 50 cents for the public.
Three two-minute round bouts,
the limit under Pacific Coast Inter
collegiate boxing rules, will crown
Stanford's novice champions from
the heavyweight to bantamweight
divisions. Gold boxing gloves with
the Circle "S" inscribed will be
awarded the University titlists, ac
cording to Coach Clayton Frye.
Heavyweight contenders will be
Collins and either Levin or Potts.
Stein and Zeller fought their way
into the 175-pound finals, and Carr
and McMichael are scheduled for
the 165-pound title bout. Jim Graves
and McCloud will battle in the 155-
pound division.
In the finals for the 145-pound
class are Fairfax and Vedder, while
Kane will square off with Wilson in
the 135-pound championships. Lins
ley and Spain won out in the 125-
pound weight, and Bell and Grady
are matched for the bantamweight
title.
Finalists of a two-day elimination
series today were pointing toward
the Circle "S" Society's annual
Novice Boxing Tournament with its
eight weight division championships
in the Pavilion at 8 o'clock Thurs
day night. Admission will be 25
cents for students with A.S.S.U.
cards and 50 cents for the public.
Three two-minute round bouts,
the limit under Pacific Coast Inter
collegiate boxing rules, will crown
Stanford's novice champions from
the heavyweight to bantamweight
divisions. Gold boxing gloves with
the Circle "S" inscribed will be
awarded the University titlists, ac
cording to Coach Clayton Frye.
Heavyweight contenders will be
Collins and either Levin or Potts.
Stein and Zeller fought their way
into the 175-pound finals, and Carr
and McMichael are scheduled for
the 165-pound title bout. Jim Graves
and McCloud will battle in the 155-
pound division.
In the finals for the 145-pound
class are Fairfax and Vedder, while
Kane will square off with Wilson in
the 135-pound championships. Lins
ley and Spain won out in the 125-
pound weight, and Bell and Grady
are matched for the bantamweight
title.
Finalists of a two-day elimination
series today were pointing toward
the Circle "S" Society's annual
Novice Boxing Tournament with its
eight weight division championships
in the Pavilion at 8 o'clock Thurs
day night. Admission will be 25
cents for students with A.S.S.U.
cards and 50 cents for the public.
Three two-minute round bouts,
the limit under Pacific Coast Inter
collegiate boxing rules, will crown
Stanford's novice champions from
the heavyweight to bantamweight
divisions. Gold boxing gloves with
the Circle "S" inscribed will be
awarded the University titlists, ac
cording to Coach Clayton Frye.
Heavyweight contenders will be
Collins and either Levin or Potts.
Stein and Zeller fought their way
into the 175-pound finals, and Carr
and McMichael are scheduled for
the 165-pound title bout. Jim Graves
and McCloud will battle in the 155-
pound division.
In the finals for the 145-pound
class are Fairfax and Vedder, while
Kane will square off with Wilson in
the 135-pound championships. Lins
ley and Spain won out in the 125-
pound weight, and Bell and Grady
are matched for the bantamweight
title.
Finalists of a two-day elimination
series today were pointing toward
the Circle "S" Society's annual
Novice Boxing Tournament with its
eight weight division championships
in the Pavilion at 8 o'clock Thurs
day night. Admission will be 25
cents for students with A.S.S.U.
cards and 50 cents for the public.
Three two-minute round bouts,
the limit under Pacific Coast Inter
collegiate boxing rules, will crown
Stanford's novice champions from
the heavyweight to bantamweight
divisions. Gold boxing gloves with
the Circle "S" inscribed will be
awarded the University titlists, ac
cording to Coach Clayton Frye.
Heavyweight contenders will be
Collins and either Levin or Potts.
Stein and Zeller fought their way
into the 175-pound finals, and Carr
and McMichael are scheduled for
the 165-pound title bout. Jim Graves
and McCloud will battle in the 155-
pound division.
In the finals for the 145-pound
class are Fairfax and Vedder, while
Kane will square off with Wilson in
the 135-pound championships. Lins
ley and Spain won out in the 125-
pound weight, and Bell and Grady
are matched for the bantamweight
title.
Finalists of a two-day elimination
series today were pointing toward
the Circle "S" Society's annual
Novice Boxing Tournament with its
eight weight division championships
in the Pavilion at 8 o'clock Thurs
day night. Admission will be 25
cents for students with A.S.S.U.
cards and 50 cents for the public.
Three two-minute round bouts,
the limit under Pacific Coast Inter
collegiate boxing rules, will crown
Stanford's novice champions from
the heavyweight to bantamweight
divisions. Gold boxing gloves with
the Circle "S" inscribed will be
awarded the University titlists, ac
cording to Coach Clayton Frye.
Heavyweight contenders will be
Collins and either Levin or Potts.
Stein and Zeller fought their way
into the 175-pound finals, and Carr
and McMichael are scheduled for
the 165-pound title bout. Jim Graves
and McCloud will battle in the 155-
pound division.
In the finals for the 145-pound
class are Fairfax and Vedder, while
Kane will square off with Wilson in
the 135-pound championships. Lins
ley and Spain won out in the 125-
pound weight, and Bell and Grady
are matched for the bantamweight
title.
Finalists of a two-day elimination
series today were pointing toward
the Circle "S" Society's annual
Novice Boxing Tournament with its
eight weight division championships
in the Pavilion at 8 o'clock Thurs
day night. Admission will be 25
cents for students with A.S.S.U.
cards and 50 cents for the public.
Three two-minute round bouts,
the limit under Pacific Coast Inter
collegiate boxing rules, will crown
Stanford's novice champions from
the heavyweight to bantamweight
divisions. Gold boxing gloves with
the Circle "S" inscribed will be
awarded the University titlists, ac
cording to Coach Clayton Frye.
Heavyweight contenders will be
Collins and either Levin or Potts.
Stein and Zeller fought their way
into the 175-pound finals, and Carr
and McMichael are scheduled for
the 165-pound title bout. Jim Graves
and McCloud will battle in the 155-
pound division.
In the finals for the 145-pound
class are Fairfax and Vedder, while
Kane will square off with Wilson in
the 135-pound championships. Lins
ley and Spain won out in the 125-
pound weight, and Bell and Grady
are matched for the bantamweight
title.
Finalists of a two-day elimination
series today were pointing toward
the Circle "S" Society's annual
Novice Boxing Tournament with its
eight weight division championships
in the Pavilion at 8 o'clock Thurs
day night. Admission will be 25
cents for students with A.S.S.U.
cards and 50 cents for the public.
Three two-minute round bouts,
the limit under Pacific Coast Inter
collegiate boxing rules, will crown
Stanford's novice champions from
the heavyweight to bantamweight
divisions. Gold boxing gloves with
the Circle "S" inscribed will be
awarded the University titlists, ac
cording to Coach Clayton Frye.
Heavyweight contenders will be
Collins and either Levin or Potts.
Stein and Zeller fought their way
into the 175-pound finals, and Carr
and McMichael are scheduled for
the 165-pound title bout. Jim Graves
and McCloud will battle in the 155-
pound division.
In the finals for the 145-pound
class are Fairfax and Vedder, while
Kane will square off with Wilson in
the 135-pound championships. Lins
ley and Spain won out in the 125-
pound weight, and Bell and Grady
are matched for the bantamweight
title.
Finalists of a two-day elimination
series today were pointing toward
the Circle "S" Society's annual
Novice Boxing Tournament with its
eight weight division championships
in the Pavilion at 8 o'clock Thurs
day night. Admission will be 25
cents for students with A.S.S.U.
cards and 50 cents for the public.
Three two-minute round bouts,
the limit under Pacific Coast Inter
collegiate boxing rules, will crown
Stanford's novice champions from
the heavyweight to bantamweight
divisions. Gold boxing gloves with
the Circle "S" inscribed will be
awarded the University titlists, ac
cording to Coach Clayton Frye.
Heavyweight contenders will be
Collins and either Levin or Potts.
Stein and Zeller fought their way
into the 175-pound finals, and Carr
and McMichael are scheduled for
the 165-pound title bout. Jim Graves
and McCloud will battle in the 155-
pound division.
In the finals for the 145-pound
class are Fairfax and Vedder, while
Kane will square off with Wilson in
the 135-pound championships. Lins
ley and Spain won out in the 125-
pound weight, and Bell and Grady
are matched for the bantamweight
title.
Finalists of a two-day elimination
series today were pointing toward
the Circle "S" Society's annual
Novice Boxing Tournament with its
eight weight division championships
in the Pavilion at 8 o'clock Thurs
day night. Admission will be 25
cents for students with A.S.S.U.
cards and 50 cents for the public.
Three two-minute round bouts,
the limit under Pacific Coast Inter
collegiate boxing rules, will crown
Stanford's novice champions from
the heavyweight to bantamweight
divisions. Gold boxing gloves with
the Circle "S" inscribed will be
awarded the University titlists, ac
cording to Coach Clayton Frye.
Heavyweight contenders will be
Collins and either Levin or Potts.
Stein and Zeller fought their way
into the 175-pound finals, and Carr
and McMichael are scheduled for
the 165-pound title bout. Jim Graves
and McCloud will battle in the 155-
pound division.
In the finals for the 145-pound
class are Fairfax and Vedder, while
Kane will square off with Wilson in
the 135-pound championships. Lins
ley and Spain won out in the 125-
pound weight, and Bell and Grady
are matched for the bantamweight
title.
