# Payroll Bandit Sought in Canada
## 
### 
NELSON, 8.C., Nov. 7 (UP).—
Provincial police reported today
they have no definite clue to the
whereabouts of a man who shot a
payroll messenger in the neck and
robbed him of approximately $1,000
Saturday.
A posse of approximately 30 regu
lar and special police searched the
rugged area around Ymir, 8.C., near
here, and the Ymir Yanke Girl rnfhe,
but no trace of the hold-up man was
found.
NELSON, 8.C., Nov. 7 (UP).—
Provincial police reported today
they have no definite clue to the
whereabouts of a man who shot a
payroll messenger in the neck and
robbed him of approximately $1,000
Saturday.
A posse of approximately 30 regu
lar and special police searched the
rugged area around Ymir, 8.C., near
here, and the Ymir Yanke Girl rnfhe,
but no trace of the hold-up man was
found.
NELSON, 8.C., Nov. 7 (UP).—
Provincial police reported today
they have no definite clue to the
whereabouts of a man who shot a
payroll messenger in the neck and
robbed him of approximately $1,000
Saturday.
A posse of approximately 30 regu
lar and special police searched the
rugged area around Ymir, 8.C., near
here, and the Ymir Yanke Girl rnfhe,
but no trace of the hold-up man was
found.
NELSON, 8.C., Nov. 7 (UP).—
Provincial police reported today
they have no definite clue to the
whereabouts of a man who shot a
payroll messenger in the neck and
robbed him of approximately $1,000
Saturday.
A posse of approximately 30 regu
lar and special police searched the
rugged area around Ymir, 8.C., near
here, and the Ymir Yanke Girl rnfhe,
but no trace of the hold-up man was
found.
NELSON, 8.C., Nov. 7 (UP).—
Provincial police reported today
they have no definite clue to the
whereabouts of a man who shot a
payroll messenger in the neck and
robbed him of approximately $1,000
Saturday.
A posse of approximately 30 regu
lar and special police searched the
rugged area around Ymir, 8.C., near
here, and the Ymir Yanke Girl rnfhe,
but no trace of the hold-up man was
found.
NELSON, 8.C., Nov. 7 (UP).—
Provincial police reported today
they have no definite clue to the
whereabouts of a man who shot a
payroll messenger in the neck and
robbed him of approximately $1,000
Saturday.
A posse of approximately 30 regu
lar and special police searched the
rugged area around Ymir, 8.C., near
here, and the Ymir Yanke Girl rnfhe,
but no trace of the hold-up man was
found.
NELSON, 8.C., Nov. 7 (UP).—
Provincial police reported today
they have no definite clue to the
whereabouts of a man who shot a
payroll messenger in the neck and
robbed him of approximately $1,000
Saturday.
A posse of approximately 30 regu
lar and special police searched the
rugged area around Ymir, 8.C., near
here, and the Ymir Yanke Girl rnfhe,
but no trace of the hold-up man was
found.
NELSON, 8.C., Nov. 7 (UP).—
Provincial police reported today
they have no definite clue to the
whereabouts of a man who shot a
payroll messenger in the neck and
robbed him of approximately $1,000
Saturday.
A posse of approximately 30 regu
lar and special police searched the
rugged area around Ymir, 8.C., near
here, and the Ymir Yanke Girl rnfhe,
but no trace of the hold-up man was
found.
NELSON, 8.C., Nov. 7 (UP).—
Provincial police reported today
they have no definite clue to the
whereabouts of a man who shot a
payroll messenger in the neck and
robbed him of approximately $1,000
Saturday.
A posse of approximately 30 regu
lar and special police searched the
rugged area around Ymir, 8.C., near
here, and the Ymir Yanke Girl rnfhe,
but no trace of the hold-up man was
found.
NELSON, 8.C., Nov. 7 (UP).—
Provincial police reported today
they have no definite clue to the
whereabouts of a man who shot a
payroll messenger in the neck and
robbed him of approximately $1,000
Saturday.
A posse of approximately 30 regu
lar and special police searched the
rugged area around Ymir, 8.C., near
here, and the Ymir Yanke Girl rnfhe,
but no trace of the hold-up man was
found.
NELSON, 8.C., Nov. 7 (UP).—
Provincial police reported today
they have no definite clue to the
whereabouts of a man who shot a
payroll messenger in the neck and
robbed him of approximately $1,000
Saturday.
A posse of approximately 30 regu
lar and special police searched the
rugged area around Ymir, 8.C., near
here, and the Ymir Yanke Girl rnfhe,
but no trace of the hold-up man was
found.
NELSON, 8.C., Nov. 7 (UP).—
Provincial police reported today
they have no definite clue to the
whereabouts of a man who shot a
payroll messenger in the neck and
robbed him of approximately $1,000
Saturday.
A posse of approximately 30 regu
lar and special police searched the
rugged area around Ymir, 8.C., near
here, and the Ymir Yanke Girl rnfhe,
but no trace of the hold-up man was
found.
NELSON, 8.C., Nov. 7 (UP).—
Provincial police reported today
they have no definite clue to the
whereabouts of a man who shot a
payroll messenger in the neck and
robbed him of approximately $1,000
Saturday.
A posse of approximately 30 regu
lar and special police searched the
rugged area around Ymir, 8.C., near
here, and the Ymir Yanke Girl rnfhe,
but no trace of the hold-up man was
found.
NELSON, 8.C., Nov. 7 (UP).—
Provincial police reported today
they have no definite clue to the
whereabouts of a man who shot a
payroll messenger in the neck and
robbed him of approximately $1,000
Saturday.
A posse of approximately 30 regu
lar and special police searched the
rugged area around Ymir, 8.C., near
here, and the Ymir Yanke Girl rnfhe,
but no trace of the hold-up man was
found.
NELSON, 8.C., Nov. 7 (UP).—
Provincial police reported today
they have no definite clue to the
whereabouts of a man who shot a
payroll messenger in the neck and
robbed him of approximately $1,000
Saturday.
A posse of approximately 30 regu
lar and special police searched the
rugged area around Ymir, 8.C., near
here, and the Ymir Yanke Girl rnfhe,
but no trace of the hold-up man was
found.
