# DARING LOYALIST DRIVE
## 
### 
BARCELONA. Nov. 7 (UP).—The
Loyalists made a daredevil drive
across the flooded Segre River today
in an effort to divert the attention
of the Rebels from their hitherto
successful campaign in the Ebro
River sector.
BARCELONA. Nov. 7 (UP).—The
Loyalists made a daredevil drive
across the flooded Segre River today
in an effort to divert the attention
of the Rebels from their hitherto
successful campaign in the Ebro
River sector.
BARCELONA. Nov. 7 (UP).—The
Loyalists made a daredevil drive
across the flooded Segre River today
in an effort to divert the attention
of the Rebels from their hitherto
successful campaign in the Ebro
River sector.
BARCELONA. Nov. 7 (UP).—The
Loyalists made a daredevil drive
across the flooded Segre River today
in an effort to divert the attention
of the Rebels from their hitherto
successful campaign in the Ebro
River sector.
BARCELONA. Nov. 7 (UP).—The
Loyalists made a daredevil drive
across the flooded Segre River today
in an effort to divert the attention
of the Rebels from their hitherto
successful campaign in the Ebro
River sector.
BARCELONA. Nov. 7 (UP).—The
Loyalists made a daredevil drive
across the flooded Segre River today
in an effort to divert the attention
of the Rebels from their hitherto
successful campaign in the Ebro
River sector.
BARCELONA. Nov. 7 (UP).—The
Loyalists made a daredevil drive
across the flooded Segre River today
in an effort to divert the attention
of the Rebels from their hitherto
successful campaign in the Ebro
River sector.
BARCELONA. Nov. 7 (UP).—The
Loyalists made a daredevil drive
across the flooded Segre River today
in an effort to divert the attention
of the Rebels from their hitherto
successful campaign in the Ebro
River sector.
BARCELONA. Nov. 7 (UP).—The
Loyalists made a daredevil drive
across the flooded Segre River today
in an effort to divert the attention
of the Rebels from their hitherto
successful campaign in the Ebro
River sector.
BARCELONA. Nov. 7 (UP).—The
Loyalists made a daredevil drive
across the flooded Segre River today
in an effort to divert the attention
of the Rebels from their hitherto
successful campaign in the Ebro
River sector.
BARCELONA. Nov. 7 (UP).—The
Loyalists made a daredevil drive
across the flooded Segre River today
in an effort to divert the attention
of the Rebels from their hitherto
successful campaign in the Ebro
River sector.
BARCELONA. Nov. 7 (UP).—The
Loyalists made a daredevil drive
across the flooded Segre River today
in an effort to divert the attention
of the Rebels from their hitherto
successful campaign in the Ebro
River sector.
BARCELONA. Nov. 7 (UP).—The
Loyalists made a daredevil drive
across the flooded Segre River today
in an effort to divert the attention
of the Rebels from their hitherto
successful campaign in the Ebro
River sector.
BARCELONA. Nov. 7 (UP).—The
Loyalists made a daredevil drive
across the flooded Segre River today
in an effort to divert the attention
of the Rebels from their hitherto
successful campaign in the Ebro
River sector.
BARCELONA. Nov. 7 (UP).—The
Loyalists made a daredevil drive
across the flooded Segre River today
in an effort to divert the attention
of the Rebels from their hitherto
successful campaign in the Ebro
River sector.
