# Quad Editor Sets Senior Deadline
## 
### 
Two-thirds of the 1939 graduating
class will have their individual pic
tures omitted from this year's Quad
according to Frank Lippman, editor,
unless they have their pictures taken
immediately.
Pictures will be taken at the Quad
office from 9:"iO to 12 o'clock and 1
to 5 o'clock for the rest of this week
and seniors must have their pictures
taken during these periods, Lippman
announced.
Underclass pictures also are being
taken. With so many senior pic
tures yet untaken, the schedule is
running far behind last year's, it was
reported.
Two-thirds of the 1939 graduating
class will have their individual pic
tures omitted from this year's Quad
according to Frank Lippman, editor,
unless they have their pictures taken
immediately.
Pictures will be taken at the Quad
office from 9:"iO to 12 o'clock and 1
to 5 o'clock for the rest of this week
and seniors must have their pictures
taken during these periods, Lippman
announced.
Underclass pictures also are being
taken. With so many senior pic
tures yet untaken, the schedule is
running far behind last year's, it was
reported.
Two-thirds of the 1939 graduating
class will have their individual pic
tures omitted from this year's Quad
according to Frank Lippman, editor,
unless they have their pictures taken
immediately.
Pictures will be taken at the Quad
office from 9:"iO to 12 o'clock and 1
to 5 o'clock for the rest of this week
and seniors must have their pictures
taken during these periods, Lippman
announced.
Underclass pictures also are being
taken. With so many senior pic
tures yet untaken, the schedule is
running far behind last year's, it was
reported.
Two-thirds of the 1939 graduating
class will have their individual pic
tures omitted from this year's Quad
according to Frank Lippman, editor,
unless they have their pictures taken
immediately.
Pictures will be taken at the Quad
office from 9:"iO to 12 o'clock and 1
to 5 o'clock for the rest of this week
and seniors must have their pictures
taken during these periods, Lippman
announced.
Underclass pictures also are being
taken. With so many senior pic
tures yet untaken, the schedule is
running far behind last year's, it was
reported.
Two-thirds of the 1939 graduating
class will have their individual pic
tures omitted from this year's Quad
according to Frank Lippman, editor,
unless they have their pictures taken
immediately.
Pictures will be taken at the Quad
office from 9:"iO to 12 o'clock and 1
to 5 o'clock for the rest of this week
and seniors must have their pictures
taken during these periods, Lippman
announced.
Underclass pictures also are being
taken. With so many senior pic
tures yet untaken, the schedule is
running far behind last year's, it was
reported.
Two-thirds of the 1939 graduating
class will have their individual pic
tures omitted from this year's Quad
according to Frank Lippman, editor,
unless they have their pictures taken
immediately.
Pictures will be taken at the Quad
office from 9:"iO to 12 o'clock and 1
to 5 o'clock for the rest of this week
and seniors must have their pictures
taken during these periods, Lippman
announced.
Underclass pictures also are being
taken. With so many senior pic
tures yet untaken, the schedule is
running far behind last year's, it was
reported.
Two-thirds of the 1939 graduating
class will have their individual pic
tures omitted from this year's Quad
according to Frank Lippman, editor,
unless they have their pictures taken
immediately.
Pictures will be taken at the Quad
office from 9:"iO to 12 o'clock and 1
to 5 o'clock for the rest of this week
and seniors must have their pictures
taken during these periods, Lippman
announced.
Underclass pictures also are being
taken. With so many senior pic
tures yet untaken, the schedule is
running far behind last year's, it was
reported.
Two-thirds of the 1939 graduating
class will have their individual pic
tures omitted from this year's Quad
according to Frank Lippman, editor,
unless they have their pictures taken
immediately.
Pictures will be taken at the Quad
office from 9:"iO to 12 o'clock and 1
to 5 o'clock for the rest of this week
and seniors must have their pictures
taken during these periods, Lippman
announced.
Underclass pictures also are being
taken. With so many senior pic
tures yet untaken, the schedule is
running far behind last year's, it was
reported.
Two-thirds of the 1939 graduating
class will have their individual pic
tures omitted from this year's Quad
according to Frank Lippman, editor,
unless they have their pictures taken
immediately.
Pictures will be taken at the Quad
office from 9:"iO to 12 o'clock and 1
to 5 o'clock for the rest of this week
and seniors must have their pictures
taken during these periods, Lippman
announced.
Underclass pictures also are being
taken. With so many senior pic
tures yet untaken, the schedule is
running far behind last year's, it was
reported.
Two-thirds of the 1939 graduating
class will have their individual pic
tures omitted from this year's Quad
according to Frank Lippman, editor,
unless they have their pictures taken
immediately.
Pictures will be taken at the Quad
office from 9:"iO to 12 o'clock and 1
to 5 o'clock for the rest of this week
and seniors must have their pictures
taken during these periods, Lippman
announced.
Underclass pictures also are being
taken. With so many senior pic
tures yet untaken, the schedule is
running far behind last year's, it was
reported.
Two-thirds of the 1939 graduating
class will have their individual pic
tures omitted from this year's Quad
according to Frank Lippman, editor,
unless they have their pictures taken
immediately.
Pictures will be taken at the Quad
office from 9:"iO to 12 o'clock and 1
to 5 o'clock for the rest of this week
and seniors must have their pictures
taken during these periods, Lippman
announced.
Underclass pictures also are being
taken. With so many senior pic
tures yet untaken, the schedule is
running far behind last year's, it was
reported.
Two-thirds of the 1939 graduating
class will have their individual pic
tures omitted from this year's Quad
according to Frank Lippman, editor,
unless they have their pictures taken
immediately.
Pictures will be taken at the Quad
office from 9:"iO to 12 o'clock and 1
to 5 o'clock for the rest of this week
and seniors must have their pictures
taken during these periods, Lippman
announced.
Underclass pictures also are being
taken. With so many senior pic
tures yet untaken, the schedule is
running far behind last year's, it was
reported.
Two-thirds of the 1939 graduating
class will have their individual pic
tures omitted from this year's Quad
according to Frank Lippman, editor,
unless they have their pictures taken
immediately.
Pictures will be taken at the Quad
office from 9:"iO to 12 o'clock and 1
to 5 o'clock for the rest of this week
and seniors must have their pictures
taken during these periods, Lippman
announced.
Underclass pictures also are being
taken. With so many senior pic
tures yet untaken, the schedule is
running far behind last year's, it was
reported.
Two-thirds of the 1939 graduating
class will have their individual pic
tures omitted from this year's Quad
according to Frank Lippman, editor,
unless they have their pictures taken
immediately.
Pictures will be taken at the Quad
office from 9:"iO to 12 o'clock and 1
to 5 o'clock for the rest of this week
and seniors must have their pictures
taken during these periods, Lippman
announced.
Underclass pictures also are being
taken. With so many senior pic
tures yet untaken, the schedule is
running far behind last year's, it was
reported.
Two-thirds of the 1939 graduating
class will have their individual pic
tures omitted from this year's Quad
according to Frank Lippman, editor,
unless they have their pictures taken
immediately.
Pictures will be taken at the Quad
office from 9:"iO to 12 o'clock and 1
to 5 o'clock for the rest of this week
and seniors must have their pictures
taken during these periods, Lippman
announced.
Underclass pictures also are being
taken. With so many senior pic
tures yet untaken, the schedule is
running far behind last year's, it was
reported.
