# Tehachapi Retakes Woman Prisoner
## 
### 
TEHACHAPI. April 25 (U.R).—A
prisoner who escaped from the wom
en's state prison here was safely
behind bars again tonight after a
brief four hours of freedom.
The prisoner, Hazel Packett, com
mitted from Fresno County on a
bogus check charge and serving an
indeterminate sentence, hid in the
prison yard before breakfast this
morning, prison officials said, and
then "walked out" while other in
mates were eating.
TEHACHAPI. April 25 (U.R).—A
prisoner who escaped from the wom
en's state prison here was safely
behind bars again tonight after a
brief four hours of freedom.
The prisoner, Hazel Packett, com
mitted from Fresno County on a
bogus check charge and serving an
indeterminate sentence, hid in the
prison yard before breakfast this
morning, prison officials said, and
then "walked out" while other in
mates were eating.
TEHACHAPI. April 25 (U.R).—A
prisoner who escaped from the wom
en's state prison here was safely
behind bars again tonight after a
brief four hours of freedom.
The prisoner, Hazel Packett, com
mitted from Fresno County on a
bogus check charge and serving an
indeterminate sentence, hid in the
prison yard before breakfast this
morning, prison officials said, and
then "walked out" while other in
mates were eating.
TEHACHAPI. April 25 (U.R).—A
prisoner who escaped from the wom
en's state prison here was safely
behind bars again tonight after a
brief four hours of freedom.
The prisoner, Hazel Packett, com
mitted from Fresno County on a
bogus check charge and serving an
indeterminate sentence, hid in the
prison yard before breakfast this
morning, prison officials said, and
then "walked out" while other in
mates were eating.
TEHACHAPI. April 25 (U.R).—A
prisoner who escaped from the wom
en's state prison here was safely
behind bars again tonight after a
brief four hours of freedom.
The prisoner, Hazel Packett, com
mitted from Fresno County on a
bogus check charge and serving an
indeterminate sentence, hid in the
prison yard before breakfast this
morning, prison officials said, and
then "walked out" while other in
mates were eating.
TEHACHAPI. April 25 (U.R).—A
prisoner who escaped from the wom
en's state prison here was safely
behind bars again tonight after a
brief four hours of freedom.
The prisoner, Hazel Packett, com
mitted from Fresno County on a
bogus check charge and serving an
indeterminate sentence, hid in the
prison yard before breakfast this
morning, prison officials said, and
then "walked out" while other in
mates were eating.
TEHACHAPI. April 25 (U.R).—A
prisoner who escaped from the wom
en's state prison here was safely
behind bars again tonight after a
brief four hours of freedom.
The prisoner, Hazel Packett, com
mitted from Fresno County on a
bogus check charge and serving an
indeterminate sentence, hid in the
prison yard before breakfast this
morning, prison officials said, and
then "walked out" while other in
mates were eating.
TEHACHAPI. April 25 (U.R).—A
prisoner who escaped from the wom
en's state prison here was safely
behind bars again tonight after a
brief four hours of freedom.
The prisoner, Hazel Packett, com
mitted from Fresno County on a
bogus check charge and serving an
indeterminate sentence, hid in the
prison yard before breakfast this
morning, prison officials said, and
then "walked out" while other in
mates were eating.
TEHACHAPI. April 25 (U.R).—A
prisoner who escaped from the wom
en's state prison here was safely
behind bars again tonight after a
brief four hours of freedom.
The prisoner, Hazel Packett, com
mitted from Fresno County on a
bogus check charge and serving an
indeterminate sentence, hid in the
prison yard before breakfast this
morning, prison officials said, and
then "walked out" while other in
mates were eating.
TEHACHAPI. April 25 (U.R).—A
prisoner who escaped from the wom
en's state prison here was safely
behind bars again tonight after a
brief four hours of freedom.
The prisoner, Hazel Packett, com
mitted from Fresno County on a
bogus check charge and serving an
indeterminate sentence, hid in the
prison yard before breakfast this
morning, prison officials said, and
then "walked out" while other in
mates were eating.
TEHACHAPI. April 25 (U.R).—A
prisoner who escaped from the wom
en's state prison here was safely
behind bars again tonight after a
brief four hours of freedom.
The prisoner, Hazel Packett, com
mitted from Fresno County on a
bogus check charge and serving an
indeterminate sentence, hid in the
prison yard before breakfast this
morning, prison officials said, and
then "walked out" while other in
mates were eating.
TEHACHAPI. April 25 (U.R).—A
prisoner who escaped from the wom
en's state prison here was safely
behind bars again tonight after a
brief four hours of freedom.
The prisoner, Hazel Packett, com
mitted from Fresno County on a
bogus check charge and serving an
indeterminate sentence, hid in the
prison yard before breakfast this
morning, prison officials said, and
then "walked out" while other in
mates were eating.
TEHACHAPI. April 25 (U.R).—A
prisoner who escaped from the wom
en's state prison here was safely
behind bars again tonight after a
brief four hours of freedom.
The prisoner, Hazel Packett, com
mitted from Fresno County on a
bogus check charge and serving an
indeterminate sentence, hid in the
prison yard before breakfast this
morning, prison officials said, and
then "walked out" while other in
mates were eating.
TEHACHAPI. April 25 (U.R).—A
prisoner who escaped from the wom
en's state prison here was safely
behind bars again tonight after a
brief four hours of freedom.
The prisoner, Hazel Packett, com
mitted from Fresno County on a
bogus check charge and serving an
indeterminate sentence, hid in the
prison yard before breakfast this
morning, prison officials said, and
then "walked out" while other in
mates were eating.
TEHACHAPI. April 25 (U.R).—A
prisoner who escaped from the wom
en's state prison here was safely
behind bars again tonight after a
brief four hours of freedom.
The prisoner, Hazel Packett, com
mitted from Fresno County on a
bogus check charge and serving an
indeterminate sentence, hid in the
prison yard before breakfast this
morning, prison officials said, and
then "walked out" while other in
mates were eating.
