# CAMPUS OPINION
## 
### 
STORY EXPLAINED
The Editor, Sir:
I wish to call to your attention
an inexcusable misrepresentation of
fact appearing in last Friday's Daily.
The sentence evaluating peace day
which Mr. Lindblom went to some
length to prove false, you quoted as
his sentiments. To be more specific,
Lindblom opened his address with
(the quoted sentence), "I believe
Peace Day is the most foolish waste
of time I have ever seen" — imme
diately gaining the audience's full
est attention and creating such a
stir that he had to pause—of course,
the exact effect that the speaker de
sired. Then he dramatically pound
ed it to shreds with one telling fact
after another.
It might interest you to know that
out of the six debaters,two spoke for
the possibility of maintaining peace
(as stated in the question) and
Lindblom was one of those two; that
lie was a member of the committee
that organized Stanford's peace day
—and his sincere efforts in that
capacity now take on the aspect of
hypocrisy in the light of your mis
representation.
It is true, Mr. Eisenbach, that you
may clear yourself and the paper by
printing a short apology on the back
page—as seems to be the customary
procedure—but it occurs to me that
this error is extraordinarily vene
mous and ironical, and if a correc
tion of it appeared just below the
headlines — where the original mis
take appeared—it would not be too
much.
Sincerely yours,
Oscar M. Polin
