# Three Events Complete Drive
## Basketball Tilt, Debate, Movie on Week's Bill 
### 
Three events remain for this week
in the Convalescent Home Drive —a
basketball game, a debate, and a
movie — although the quota has al
ready been reached.
Basketball comes tomorrow night,
when next year's team meets this
year's team at 8 o'clock in the Pa
vilion, with Coach John Bunn as
referee. On next year's team are
Luisetti, Zonne, Calderwood, Stoef
fen, and Lee. The other team in
cludes Moore, Turner, Quade, Heath,
and Lyon.
The 25-cent charge for the bas
ketball game will go to the Drive
Fund, as will profit from a benefit
showing of Warner Baxter's ''Robin
Hood of Eldorado," at the Varsity
Theater. The 30- and 40-cent tickets
will be sold on the campus as well
as at the door.
Debaters who toured Central
Amei'ica will meet those who have
returned from Hawaii in the near
future. The date and question have
not yet been announced.
Bean Day, which put considerable
money into the Drive Fund, was
made possible by the following, who
donated the 1000 pounds of King
City pink beans: Cub Fren, Merle
Culver, J. D. Kenner, Charles
Crinklan, Bill Culver, Leo Earle,
Tom Harney, Jim Kelly, S. P. Mill
ing Co., King City Chamber of Com
merce, and the King City Boosters
Club.
Three events remain for this week
in the Convalescent Home Drive —a
basketball game, a debate, and a
movie — although the quota has al
ready been reached.
Basketball comes tomorrow night,
when next year's team meets this
year's team at 8 o'clock in the Pa
vilion, with Coach John Bunn as
referee. On next year's team are
Luisetti, Zonne, Calderwood, Stoef
fen, and Lee. The other team in
cludes Moore, Turner, Quade, Heath,
and Lyon.
The 25-cent charge for the bas
ketball game will go to the Drive
Fund, as will profit from a benefit
showing of Warner Baxter's ''Robin
Hood of Eldorado," at the Varsity
Theater. The 30- and 40-cent tickets
will be sold on the campus as well
as at the door.
Debaters who toured Central
Amei'ica will meet those who have
returned from Hawaii in the near
future. The date and question have
not yet been announced.
Bean Day, which put considerable
money into the Drive Fund, was
made possible by the following, who
donated the 1000 pounds of King
City pink beans: Cub Fren, Merle
Culver, J. D. Kenner, Charles
Crinklan, Bill Culver, Leo Earle,
Tom Harney, Jim Kelly, S. P. Mill
ing Co., King City Chamber of Com
merce, and the King City Boosters
Club.
Three events remain for this week
in the Convalescent Home Drive —a
basketball game, a debate, and a
movie — although the quota has al
ready been reached.
Basketball comes tomorrow night,
when next year's team meets this
year's team at 8 o'clock in the Pa
vilion, with Coach John Bunn as
referee. On next year's team are
Luisetti, Zonne, Calderwood, Stoef
fen, and Lee. The other team in
cludes Moore, Turner, Quade, Heath,
and Lyon.
The 25-cent charge for the bas
ketball game will go to the Drive
Fund, as will profit from a benefit
showing of Warner Baxter's ''Robin
Hood of Eldorado," at the Varsity
Theater. The 30- and 40-cent tickets
will be sold on the campus as well
as at the door.
Debaters who toured Central
Amei'ica will meet those who have
returned from Hawaii in the near
future. The date and question have
not yet been announced.
Bean Day, which put considerable
money into the Drive Fund, was
made possible by the following, who
donated the 1000 pounds of King
City pink beans: Cub Fren, Merle
Culver, J. D. Kenner, Charles
Crinklan, Bill Culver, Leo Earle,
Tom Harney, Jim Kelly, S. P. Mill
ing Co., King City Chamber of Com
merce, and the King City Boosters
Club.
Three events remain for this week
in the Convalescent Home Drive —a
basketball game, a debate, and a
movie — although the quota has al
ready been reached.
Basketball comes tomorrow night,
when next year's team meets this
year's team at 8 o'clock in the Pa
vilion, with Coach John Bunn as
referee. On next year's team are
Luisetti, Zonne, Calderwood, Stoef
fen, and Lee. The other team in
cludes Moore, Turner, Quade, Heath,
and Lyon.
The 25-cent charge for the bas
ketball game will go to the Drive
Fund, as will profit from a benefit
showing of Warner Baxter's ''Robin
Hood of Eldorado," at the Varsity
Theater. The 30- and 40-cent tickets
will be sold on the campus as well
as at the door.
Debaters who toured Central
Amei'ica will meet those who have
returned from Hawaii in the near
future. The date and question have
not yet been announced.
Bean Day, which put considerable
money into the Drive Fund, was
made possible by the following, who
donated the 1000 pounds of King
City pink beans: Cub Fren, Merle
Culver, J. D. Kenner, Charles
Crinklan, Bill Culver, Leo Earle,
Tom Harney, Jim Kelly, S. P. Mill
ing Co., King City Chamber of Com
merce, and the King City Boosters
Club.
Three events remain for this week
in the Convalescent Home Drive —a
basketball game, a debate, and a
movie — although the quota has al
ready been reached.
Basketball comes tomorrow night,
when next year's team meets this
year's team at 8 o'clock in the Pa
vilion, with Coach John Bunn as
referee. On next year's team are
Luisetti, Zonne, Calderwood, Stoef
fen, and Lee. The other team in
cludes Moore, Turner, Quade, Heath,
and Lyon.
The 25-cent charge for the bas
ketball game will go to the Drive
Fund, as will profit from a benefit
showing of Warner Baxter's ''Robin
Hood of Eldorado," at the Varsity
Theater. The 30- and 40-cent tickets
will be sold on the campus as well
as at the door.
Debaters who toured Central
Amei'ica will meet those who have
returned from Hawaii in the near
future. The date and question have
not yet been announced.
Bean Day, which put considerable
money into the Drive Fund, was
made possible by the following, who
donated the 1000 pounds of King
City pink beans: Cub Fren, Merle
Culver, J. D. Kenner, Charles
Crinklan, Bill Culver, Leo Earle,
Tom Harney, Jim Kelly, S. P. Mill
ing Co., King City Chamber of Com
merce, and the King City Boosters
Club.
Three events remain for this week
in the Convalescent Home Drive —a
basketball game, a debate, and a
movie — although the quota has al
ready been reached.
Basketball comes tomorrow night,
when next year's team meets this
year's team at 8 o'clock in the Pa
vilion, with Coach John Bunn as
referee. On next year's team are
Luisetti, Zonne, Calderwood, Stoef
fen, and Lee. The other team in
cludes Moore, Turner, Quade, Heath,
and Lyon.
The 25-cent charge for the bas
ketball game will go to the Drive
Fund, as will profit from a benefit
showing of Warner Baxter's ''Robin
Hood of Eldorado," at the Varsity
Theater. The 30- and 40-cent tickets
will be sold on the campus as well
as at the door.
Debaters who toured Central
Amei'ica will meet those who have
returned from Hawaii in the near
future. The date and question have
not yet been announced.
Bean Day, which put considerable
money into the Drive Fund, was
made possible by the following, who
donated the 1000 pounds of King
City pink beans: Cub Fren, Merle
Culver, J. D. Kenner, Charles
Crinklan, Bill Culver, Leo Earle,
Tom Harney, Jim Kelly, S. P. Mill
ing Co., King City Chamber of Com
merce, and the King City Boosters
Club.
Three events remain for this week
in the Convalescent Home Drive —a
basketball game, a debate, and a
movie — although the quota has al
ready been reached.
Basketball comes tomorrow night,
when next year's team meets this
year's team at 8 o'clock in the Pa
vilion, with Coach John Bunn as
referee. On next year's team are
Luisetti, Zonne, Calderwood, Stoef
fen, and Lee. The other team in
cludes Moore, Turner, Quade, Heath,
and Lyon.
The 25-cent charge for the bas
ketball game will go to the Drive
Fund, as will profit from a benefit
showing of Warner Baxter's ''Robin
Hood of Eldorado," at the Varsity
Theater. The 30- and 40-cent tickets
will be sold on the campus as well
as at the door.
Debaters who toured Central
Amei'ica will meet those who have
returned from Hawaii in the near
future. The date and question have
not yet been announced.
Bean Day, which put considerable
money into the Drive Fund, was
made possible by the following, who
donated the 1000 pounds of King
City pink beans: Cub Fren, Merle
Culver, J. D. Kenner, Charles
Crinklan, Bill Culver, Leo Earle,
Tom Harney, Jim Kelly, S. P. Mill
ing Co., King City Chamber of Com
merce, and the King City Boosters
Club.
Three events remain for this week
in the Convalescent Home Drive —a
basketball game, a debate, and a
movie — although the quota has al
ready been reached.
Basketball comes tomorrow night,
when next year's team meets this
year's team at 8 o'clock in the Pa
vilion, with Coach John Bunn as
referee. On next year's team are
Luisetti, Zonne, Calderwood, Stoef
fen, and Lee. The other team in
cludes Moore, Turner, Quade, Heath,
and Lyon.
The 25-cent charge for the bas
ketball game will go to the Drive
Fund, as will profit from a benefit
showing of Warner Baxter's ''Robin
Hood of Eldorado," at the Varsity
Theater. The 30- and 40-cent tickets
will be sold on the campus as well
as at the door.
Debaters who toured Central
Amei'ica will meet those who have
returned from Hawaii in the near
future. The date and question have
not yet been announced.
Bean Day, which put considerable
money into the Drive Fund, was
made possible by the following, who
donated the 1000 pounds of King
City pink beans: Cub Fren, Merle
Culver, J. D. Kenner, Charles
Crinklan, Bill Culver, Leo Earle,
Tom Harney, Jim Kelly, S. P. Mill
ing Co., King City Chamber of Com
merce, and the King City Boosters
Club.
Three events remain for this week
in the Convalescent Home Drive —a
basketball game, a debate, and a
movie — although the quota has al
ready been reached.
Basketball comes tomorrow night,
when next year's team meets this
year's team at 8 o'clock in the Pa
vilion, with Coach John Bunn as
referee. On next year's team are
Luisetti, Zonne, Calderwood, Stoef
fen, and Lee. The other team in
cludes Moore, Turner, Quade, Heath,
and Lyon.
The 25-cent charge for the bas
ketball game will go to the Drive
Fund, as will profit from a benefit
showing of Warner Baxter's ''Robin
Hood of Eldorado," at the Varsity
Theater. The 30- and 40-cent tickets
will be sold on the campus as well
as at the door.
Debaters who toured Central
Amei'ica will meet those who have
returned from Hawaii in the near
future. The date and question have
not yet been announced.
Bean Day, which put considerable
money into the Drive Fund, was
made possible by the following, who
donated the 1000 pounds of King
City pink beans: Cub Fren, Merle
Culver, J. D. Kenner, Charles
Crinklan, Bill Culver, Leo Earle,
Tom Harney, Jim Kelly, S. P. Mill
ing Co., King City Chamber of Com
merce, and the King City Boosters
Club.
Three events remain for this week
in the Convalescent Home Drive —a
basketball game, a debate, and a
movie — although the quota has al
ready been reached.
Basketball comes tomorrow night,
when next year's team meets this
year's team at 8 o'clock in the Pa
vilion, with Coach John Bunn as
referee. On next year's team are
Luisetti, Zonne, Calderwood, Stoef
fen, and Lee. The other team in
cludes Moore, Turner, Quade, Heath,
and Lyon.
The 25-cent charge for the bas
ketball game will go to the Drive
Fund, as will profit from a benefit
showing of Warner Baxter's ''Robin
Hood of Eldorado," at the Varsity
Theater. The 30- and 40-cent tickets
will be sold on the campus as well
as at the door.
Debaters who toured Central
Amei'ica will meet those who have
returned from Hawaii in the near
future. The date and question have
not yet been announced.
Bean Day, which put considerable
money into the Drive Fund, was
made possible by the following, who
donated the 1000 pounds of King
City pink beans: Cub Fren, Merle
Culver, J. D. Kenner, Charles
Crinklan, Bill Culver, Leo Earle,
Tom Harney, Jim Kelly, S. P. Mill
ing Co., King City Chamber of Com
merce, and the King City Boosters
Club.
Three events remain for this week
in the Convalescent Home Drive —a
basketball game, a debate, and a
movie — although the quota has al
ready been reached.
Basketball comes tomorrow night,
when next year's team meets this
year's team at 8 o'clock in the Pa
vilion, with Coach John Bunn as
referee. On next year's team are
Luisetti, Zonne, Calderwood, Stoef
fen, and Lee. The other team in
cludes Moore, Turner, Quade, Heath,
and Lyon.
The 25-cent charge for the bas
ketball game will go to the Drive
Fund, as will profit from a benefit
showing of Warner Baxter's ''Robin
Hood of Eldorado," at the Varsity
Theater. The 30- and 40-cent tickets
will be sold on the campus as well
as at the door.
Debaters who toured Central
Amei'ica will meet those who have
returned from Hawaii in the near
future. The date and question have
not yet been announced.
Bean Day, which put considerable
money into the Drive Fund, was
made possible by the following, who
donated the 1000 pounds of King
City pink beans: Cub Fren, Merle
Culver, J. D. Kenner, Charles
Crinklan, Bill Culver, Leo Earle,
Tom Harney, Jim Kelly, S. P. Mill
ing Co., King City Chamber of Com
merce, and the King City Boosters
Club.
Three events remain for this week
in the Convalescent Home Drive —a
basketball game, a debate, and a
movie — although the quota has al
ready been reached.
Basketball comes tomorrow night,
when next year's team meets this
year's team at 8 o'clock in the Pa
vilion, with Coach John Bunn as
referee. On next year's team are
Luisetti, Zonne, Calderwood, Stoef
fen, and Lee. The other team in
cludes Moore, Turner, Quade, Heath,
and Lyon.
The 25-cent charge for the bas
ketball game will go to the Drive
Fund, as will profit from a benefit
showing of Warner Baxter's ''Robin
Hood of Eldorado," at the Varsity
Theater. The 30- and 40-cent tickets
will be sold on the campus as well
as at the door.
Debaters who toured Central
Amei'ica will meet those who have
returned from Hawaii in the near
future. The date and question have
not yet been announced.
Bean Day, which put considerable
money into the Drive Fund, was
made possible by the following, who
donated the 1000 pounds of King
City pink beans: Cub Fren, Merle
Culver, J. D. Kenner, Charles
Crinklan, Bill Culver, Leo Earle,
Tom Harney, Jim Kelly, S. P. Mill
ing Co., King City Chamber of Com
merce, and the King City Boosters
Club.
Three events remain for this week
in the Convalescent Home Drive —a
basketball game, a debate, and a
movie — although the quota has al
ready been reached.
Basketball comes tomorrow night,
when next year's team meets this
year's team at 8 o'clock in the Pa
vilion, with Coach John Bunn as
referee. On next year's team are
Luisetti, Zonne, Calderwood, Stoef
fen, and Lee. The other team in
cludes Moore, Turner, Quade, Heath,
and Lyon.
The 25-cent charge for the bas
ketball game will go to the Drive
Fund, as will profit from a benefit
showing of Warner Baxter's ''Robin
Hood of Eldorado," at the Varsity
Theater. The 30- and 40-cent tickets
will be sold on the campus as well
as at the door.
Debaters who toured Central
Amei'ica will meet those who have
returned from Hawaii in the near
future. The date and question have
not yet been announced.
Bean Day, which put considerable
money into the Drive Fund, was
made possible by the following, who
donated the 1000 pounds of King
City pink beans: Cub Fren, Merle
Culver, J. D. Kenner, Charles
Crinklan, Bill Culver, Leo Earle,
Tom Harney, Jim Kelly, S. P. Mill
ing Co., King City Chamber of Com
merce, and the King City Boosters
Club.
Three events remain for this week
in the Convalescent Home Drive —a
basketball game, a debate, and a
movie — although the quota has al
ready been reached.
Basketball comes tomorrow night,
when next year's team meets this
year's team at 8 o'clock in the Pa
vilion, with Coach John Bunn as
referee. On next year's team are
Luisetti, Zonne, Calderwood, Stoef
fen, and Lee. The other team in
cludes Moore, Turner, Quade, Heath,
and Lyon.
The 25-cent charge for the bas
ketball game will go to the Drive
Fund, as will profit from a benefit
showing of Warner Baxter's ''Robin
Hood of Eldorado," at the Varsity
Theater. The 30- and 40-cent tickets
will be sold on the campus as well
as at the door.
Debaters who toured Central
Amei'ica will meet those who have
returned from Hawaii in the near
future. The date and question have
not yet been announced.
Bean Day, which put considerable
money into the Drive Fund, was
made possible by the following, who
donated the 1000 pounds of King
City pink beans: Cub Fren, Merle
Culver, J. D. Kenner, Charles
Crinklan, Bill Culver, Leo Earle,
Tom Harney, Jim Kelly, S. P. Mill
ing Co., King City Chamber of Com
merce, and the King City Boosters
Club.
Three events remain for this week
in the Convalescent Home Drive —a
basketball game, a debate, and a
movie — although the quota has al
ready been reached.
Basketball comes tomorrow night,
when next year's team meets this
year's team at 8 o'clock in the Pa
vilion, with Coach John Bunn as
referee. On next year's team are
Luisetti, Zonne, Calderwood, Stoef
fen, and Lee. The other team in
cludes Moore, Turner, Quade, Heath,
and Lyon.
The 25-cent charge for the bas
ketball game will go to the Drive
Fund, as will profit from a benefit
showing of Warner Baxter's ''Robin
Hood of Eldorado," at the Varsity
Theater. The 30- and 40-cent tickets
will be sold on the campus as well
as at the door.
Debaters who toured Central
Amei'ica will meet those who have
returned from Hawaii in the near
future. The date and question have
not yet been announced.
Bean Day, which put considerable
money into the Drive Fund, was
made possible by the following, who
donated the 1000 pounds of King
City pink beans: Cub Fren, Merle
Culver, J. D. Kenner, Charles
Crinklan, Bill Culver, Leo Earle,
Tom Harney, Jim Kelly, S. P. Mill
ing Co., King City Chamber of Com
merce, and the King City Boosters
Club.
