# Bulletin Board
## 
### 
LECTURE: "The Bible as Litera
ture," in the classroom at the Art
Gallery, 4:15 today.
MAJOR J. B. WILSON: Will inter
view applicants for the platoon
leaders class of the Marine Corps
Reserve, in Room 538, 1:30 today.
WOMEN'S RIFLE TEAM: Meets to
night, 8:30, at the rifle range.
KADIO HOUR: Dr. Richard A. Ogg,
Jr. speaks on "Science and the
Spirit." 8:30, over NBC Blue Net
work.
In Austria there are some dozen
wavs in which coffee can be drunk,
i deluding with whipped cream.
LECTURE: "The Bible as Litera
ture," in the classroom at the Art
Gallery, 4:15 today.
MAJOR J. B. WILSON: Will inter
view applicants for the platoon
leaders class of the Marine Corps
Reserve, in Room 538, 1:30 today.
WOMEN'S RIFLE TEAM: Meets to
night, 8:30, at the rifle range.
KADIO HOUR: Dr. Richard A. Ogg,
Jr. speaks on "Science and the
Spirit." 8:30, over NBC Blue Net
work.
In Austria there are some dozen
wavs in which coffee can be drunk,
i deluding with whipped cream.
LECTURE: "The Bible as Litera
ture," in the classroom at the Art
Gallery, 4:15 today.
MAJOR J. B. WILSON: Will inter
view applicants for the platoon
leaders class of the Marine Corps
Reserve, in Room 538, 1:30 today.
WOMEN'S RIFLE TEAM: Meets to
night, 8:30, at the rifle range.
KADIO HOUR: Dr. Richard A. Ogg,
Jr. speaks on "Science and the
Spirit." 8:30, over NBC Blue Net
work.
In Austria there are some dozen
wavs in which coffee can be drunk,
i deluding with whipped cream.
LECTURE: "The Bible as Litera
ture," in the classroom at the Art
Gallery, 4:15 today.
MAJOR J. B. WILSON: Will inter
view applicants for the platoon
leaders class of the Marine Corps
Reserve, in Room 538, 1:30 today.
WOMEN'S RIFLE TEAM: Meets to
night, 8:30, at the rifle range.
KADIO HOUR: Dr. Richard A. Ogg,
Jr. speaks on "Science and the
Spirit." 8:30, over NBC Blue Net
work.
In Austria there are some dozen
wavs in which coffee can be drunk,
i deluding with whipped cream.
LECTURE: "The Bible as Litera
ture," in the classroom at the Art
Gallery, 4:15 today.
MAJOR J. B. WILSON: Will inter
view applicants for the platoon
leaders class of the Marine Corps
Reserve, in Room 538, 1:30 today.
WOMEN'S RIFLE TEAM: Meets to
night, 8:30, at the rifle range.
KADIO HOUR: Dr. Richard A. Ogg,
Jr. speaks on "Science and the
Spirit." 8:30, over NBC Blue Net
work.
In Austria there are some dozen
wavs in which coffee can be drunk,
i deluding with whipped cream.
LECTURE: "The Bible as Litera
ture," in the classroom at the Art
Gallery, 4:15 today.
MAJOR J. B. WILSON: Will inter
view applicants for the platoon
leaders class of the Marine Corps
Reserve, in Room 538, 1:30 today.
WOMEN'S RIFLE TEAM: Meets to
night, 8:30, at the rifle range.
KADIO HOUR: Dr. Richard A. Ogg,
Jr. speaks on "Science and the
Spirit." 8:30, over NBC Blue Net
work.
In Austria there are some dozen
wavs in which coffee can be drunk,
i deluding with whipped cream.
LECTURE: "The Bible as Litera
ture," in the classroom at the Art
Gallery, 4:15 today.
MAJOR J. B. WILSON: Will inter
view applicants for the platoon
leaders class of the Marine Corps
Reserve, in Room 538, 1:30 today.
WOMEN'S RIFLE TEAM: Meets to
night, 8:30, at the rifle range.
KADIO HOUR: Dr. Richard A. Ogg,
Jr. speaks on "Science and the
Spirit." 8:30, over NBC Blue Net
work.
In Austria there are some dozen
wavs in which coffee can be drunk,
i deluding with whipped cream.
LECTURE: "The Bible as Litera
ture," in the classroom at the Art
Gallery, 4:15 today.
MAJOR J. B. WILSON: Will inter
view applicants for the platoon
leaders class of the Marine Corps
Reserve, in Room 538, 1:30 today.
WOMEN'S RIFLE TEAM: Meets to
night, 8:30, at the rifle range.
KADIO HOUR: Dr. Richard A. Ogg,
Jr. speaks on "Science and the
Spirit." 8:30, over NBC Blue Net
work.
In Austria there are some dozen
wavs in which coffee can be drunk,
i deluding with whipped cream.
LECTURE: "The Bible as Litera
ture," in the classroom at the Art
Gallery, 4:15 today.
MAJOR J. B. WILSON: Will inter
view applicants for the platoon
leaders class of the Marine Corps
Reserve, in Room 538, 1:30 today.
WOMEN'S RIFLE TEAM: Meets to
night, 8:30, at the rifle range.
KADIO HOUR: Dr. Richard A. Ogg,
Jr. speaks on "Science and the
Spirit." 8:30, over NBC Blue Net
work.
In Austria there are some dozen
wavs in which coffee can be drunk,
i deluding with whipped cream.
LECTURE: "The Bible as Litera
ture," in the classroom at the Art
Gallery, 4:15 today.
MAJOR J. B. WILSON: Will inter
view applicants for the platoon
leaders class of the Marine Corps
Reserve, in Room 538, 1:30 today.
WOMEN'S RIFLE TEAM: Meets to
night, 8:30, at the rifle range.
KADIO HOUR: Dr. Richard A. Ogg,
Jr. speaks on "Science and the
Spirit." 8:30, over NBC Blue Net
work.
In Austria there are some dozen
wavs in which coffee can be drunk,
i deluding with whipped cream.
LECTURE: "The Bible as Litera
ture," in the classroom at the Art
Gallery, 4:15 today.
MAJOR J. B. WILSON: Will inter
view applicants for the platoon
leaders class of the Marine Corps
Reserve, in Room 538, 1:30 today.
WOMEN'S RIFLE TEAM: Meets to
night, 8:30, at the rifle range.
KADIO HOUR: Dr. Richard A. Ogg,
Jr. speaks on "Science and the
Spirit." 8:30, over NBC Blue Net
work.
In Austria there are some dozen
wavs in which coffee can be drunk,
i deluding with whipped cream.
LECTURE: "The Bible as Litera
ture," in the classroom at the Art
Gallery, 4:15 today.
MAJOR J. B. WILSON: Will inter
view applicants for the platoon
leaders class of the Marine Corps
Reserve, in Room 538, 1:30 today.
WOMEN'S RIFLE TEAM: Meets to
night, 8:30, at the rifle range.
KADIO HOUR: Dr. Richard A. Ogg,
Jr. speaks on "Science and the
Spirit." 8:30, over NBC Blue Net
work.
In Austria there are some dozen
wavs in which coffee can be drunk,
i deluding with whipped cream.
LECTURE: "The Bible as Litera
ture," in the classroom at the Art
Gallery, 4:15 today.
MAJOR J. B. WILSON: Will inter
view applicants for the platoon
leaders class of the Marine Corps
Reserve, in Room 538, 1:30 today.
WOMEN'S RIFLE TEAM: Meets to
night, 8:30, at the rifle range.
KADIO HOUR: Dr. Richard A. Ogg,
Jr. speaks on "Science and the
Spirit." 8:30, over NBC Blue Net
work.
In Austria there are some dozen
wavs in which coffee can be drunk,
i deluding with whipped cream.
LECTURE: "The Bible as Litera
ture," in the classroom at the Art
Gallery, 4:15 today.
MAJOR J. B. WILSON: Will inter
view applicants for the platoon
leaders class of the Marine Corps
Reserve, in Room 538, 1:30 today.
WOMEN'S RIFLE TEAM: Meets to
night, 8:30, at the rifle range.
KADIO HOUR: Dr. Richard A. Ogg,
Jr. speaks on "Science and the
Spirit." 8:30, over NBC Blue Net
work.
In Austria there are some dozen
wavs in which coffee can be drunk,
i deluding with whipped cream.
LECTURE: "The Bible as Litera
ture," in the classroom at the Art
Gallery, 4:15 today.
MAJOR J. B. WILSON: Will inter
view applicants for the platoon
leaders class of the Marine Corps
Reserve, in Room 538, 1:30 today.
WOMEN'S RIFLE TEAM: Meets to
night, 8:30, at the rifle range.
KADIO HOUR: Dr. Richard A. Ogg,
Jr. speaks on "Science and the
Spirit." 8:30, over NBC Blue Net
work.
In Austria there are some dozen
wavs in which coffee can be drunk,
i deluding with whipped cream.
