# Tuesday Speaker To Discuss Dante
## 
### 
"Portraits of Dante" will be the
subject of a talk by Dr. Rudolph
Altrocchi, chairman of the Italian
language department at the Univer
sity of California, tomorrow night at
7:30 in the Little Theater.
Illustrating his lecture with col
ored slides, Dr. Altrocchi will show
pictures of a new portrait of the
Italian poet, never seen before.
Born in Florence, Dante's birth
place, Altrocchi graduated from
Harvard University. He has been
honored by two governments, France
and Italy, for his literary work,
which includes translations and
grammatical research. He has also
contributed to periodicals, and has
made a study of the interrelation
ship of painting and literature.
