# Cricket, Anyone?
## 
### 
Although very few Stanford
students know much about the
game of cricket, the University
over the past four years has
managed to field the strongest
team in the Northern California
Cricket Association, and prob
ably the strongest in the nation.
From May until November the
team plays weekend matches
against eight other teams lo
cated along thme coast from
Carmel to Davis.
This past season the Indian
team walked off with the league
championship for the fourth suc
cessive year, winning thirteen
of their sixteen matches.
In November they managed to
win the Post-Season Tourna
ment for the second consecutive
year, sharing the trophy with
the Del Monte Cricket Club of
Carmel as a result of the final
match being abandoned because
of darkness with Stanford only
moments away from a decisive
victory.
All of the players on the In
dian team are foreign born, com
ing from Jamaica, Australia,
New Zealand, England, India,
Pakistan, and Canada; countries
in which the game of cricket is
as much a part of the weekend's
activities as baseball and foot
ball are here.
With the exception of Canada,
an international cricket match
in any of these countries will
draw a crowd of more than a
hundred thousand despite the
fact that the match takes as
many as three days to complete.
Anyone interested in playing
cricket this coming season
should g.t in touch with Rob
Creighton at 326-2200 X 216 or
Raj Raghavan at 321-7954.
