# Firemen And Police Set Up Housekeeping
## 
### 
Dedication ceremonies for the
new fire and police building are
scheduled for Wednesday.
Fire Chief John Marston and
Police Chief Thomas M. Bell Jr.
are co-hosts of the event, which
begins with a 2:30 p.m. open
house and is followed by formal
dedication ceremonies at 3:15
p.m.
S. F. Post, assistant Univer
sity business manager, will be
master of ceremonies. Brief
talks are scheduled by Vice
President and Provost Richard
W. Lyman, Vice President for
Business Affairs Alf E. Brandin,
Chief Marston and Chief Bell.
The 19,000-square foot build
ing, in the traditional Stanford
motif of red-tile roof and buff
exterior, unifies the Fire and Po
lice Departments under one roof
for the first time in recent Uni
versity history.
It is located on East Serra St.
near Escondido Village.

In addition to the apparatus
room where the University's fire
equipment is housed, there are
offices, separate dormitories for
professional and student fire
men, a kitchen with a dining
area and lounge, and a class
room for in-service training.
The Police Department, lo
cated in the western half of the
building, contains offices, a
squad and locker room, and a
property room for campus lost
and-found articles.
Both services will use a joint
communications center, fitted
with the latest equipment.
Fourteen student firemen, who
earn their way through the Uni
versity, sleep two to a room
in study-bedroom combinations.
Thirty-nine professional firemen
sleep in a separate dormitory.
Police Chief Thomas Bell is in
charge of 36 security officers,
who operate in radio cars.
Dedication ceremonies for the
new fire and police building are
scheduled for Wednesday.
Fire Chief John Marston and
Police Chief Thomas M. Bell Jr.
are co-hosts of the event, which
begins with a 2:30 p.m. open
house and is followed by formal
dedication ceremonies at 3:15
p.m.
S. F. Post, assistant Univer
sity business manager, will be
master of ceremonies. Brief
talks are scheduled by Vice
President and Provost Richard
W. Lyman, Vice President for
Business Affairs Alf E. Brandin,
Chief Marston and Chief Bell.
The 19,000-square foot build
ing, in the traditional Stanford
motif of red-tile roof and buff
exterior, unifies the Fire and Po
lice Departments under one roof
for the first time in recent Uni
versity history.
It is located on East Serra St.
near Escondido Village.

In addition to the apparatus
room where the University's fire
equipment is housed, there are
offices, separate dormitories for
professional and student fire
men, a kitchen with a dining
area and lounge, and a class
room for in-service training.
The Police Department, lo
cated in the western half of the
building, contains offices, a
squad and locker room, and a
property room for campus lost
and-found articles.
Both services will use a joint
communications center, fitted
with the latest equipment.
Fourteen student firemen, who
earn their way through the Uni
versity, sleep two to a room
in study-bedroom combinations.
Thirty-nine professional firemen
sleep in a separate dormitory.
Police Chief Thomas Bell is in
charge of 36 security officers,
who operate in radio cars.
Dedication ceremonies for the
new fire and police building are
scheduled for Wednesday.
Fire Chief John Marston and
Police Chief Thomas M. Bell Jr.
are co-hosts of the event, which
begins with a 2:30 p.m. open
house and is followed by formal
dedication ceremonies at 3:15
p.m.
S. F. Post, assistant Univer
sity business manager, will be
master of ceremonies. Brief
talks are scheduled by Vice
President and Provost Richard
W. Lyman, Vice President for
Business Affairs Alf E. Brandin,
Chief Marston and Chief Bell.
The 19,000-square foot build
ing, in the traditional Stanford
motif of red-tile roof and buff
exterior, unifies the Fire and Po
lice Departments under one roof
for the first time in recent Uni
versity history.
It is located on East Serra St.
near Escondido Village.

In addition to the apparatus
room where the University's fire
equipment is housed, there are
offices, separate dormitories for
professional and student fire
men, a kitchen with a dining
area and lounge, and a class
room for in-service training.
The Police Department, lo
cated in the western half of the
building, contains offices, a
squad and locker room, and a
property room for campus lost
and-found articles.
Both services will use a joint
communications center, fitted
with the latest equipment.
Fourteen student firemen, who
earn their way through the Uni
versity, sleep two to a room
in study-bedroom combinations.
Thirty-nine professional firemen
sleep in a separate dormitory.
Police Chief Thomas Bell is in
charge of 36 security officers,
who operate in radio cars.
Dedication ceremonies for the
new fire and police building are
scheduled for Wednesday.
Fire Chief John Marston and
Police Chief Thomas M. Bell Jr.
are co-hosts of the event, which
begins with a 2:30 p.m. open
house and is followed by formal
dedication ceremonies at 3:15
p.m.
S. F. Post, assistant Univer
sity business manager, will be
master of ceremonies. Brief
talks are scheduled by Vice
President and Provost Richard
W. Lyman, Vice President for
Business Affairs Alf E. Brandin,
Chief Marston and Chief Bell.
The 19,000-square foot build
ing, in the traditional Stanford
motif of red-tile roof and buff
exterior, unifies the Fire and Po
lice Departments under one roof
for the first time in recent Uni
versity history.
It is located on East Serra St.
near Escondido Village.

In addition to the apparatus
room where the University's fire
equipment is housed, there are
offices, separate dormitories for
professional and student fire
men, a kitchen with a dining
area and lounge, and a class
room for in-service training.
The Police Department, lo
cated in the western half of the
building, contains offices, a
squad and locker room, and a
property room for campus lost
and-found articles.
Both services will use a joint
communications center, fitted
with the latest equipment.
Fourteen student firemen, who
earn their way through the Uni
versity, sleep two to a room
in study-bedroom combinations.
Thirty-nine professional firemen
sleep in a separate dormitory.
Police Chief Thomas Bell is in
charge of 36 security officers,
who operate in radio cars.
Dedication ceremonies for the
new fire and police building are
scheduled for Wednesday.
Fire Chief John Marston and
Police Chief Thomas M. Bell Jr.
are co-hosts of the event, which
begins with a 2:30 p.m. open
house and is followed by formal
dedication ceremonies at 3:15
p.m.
S. F. Post, assistant Univer
sity business manager, will be
master of ceremonies. Brief
talks are scheduled by Vice
President and Provost Richard
W. Lyman, Vice President for
Business Affairs Alf E. Brandin,
Chief Marston and Chief Bell.
The 19,000-square foot build
ing, in the traditional Stanford
motif of red-tile roof and buff
exterior, unifies the Fire and Po
lice Departments under one roof
for the first time in recent Uni
versity history.
It is located on East Serra St.
near Escondido Village.

In addition to the apparatus
room where the University's fire
equipment is housed, there are
offices, separate dormitories for
professional and student fire
men, a kitchen with a dining
area and lounge, and a class
room for in-service training.
The Police Department, lo
cated in the western half of the
building, contains offices, a
squad and locker room, and a
property room for campus lost
and-found articles.
Both services will use a joint
communications center, fitted
with the latest equipment.
Fourteen student firemen, who
earn their way through the Uni
versity, sleep two to a room
in study-bedroom combinations.
Thirty-nine professional firemen
sleep in a separate dormitory.
Police Chief Thomas Bell is in
charge of 36 security officers,
who operate in radio cars.
Dedication ceremonies for the
new fire and police building are
scheduled for Wednesday.
Fire Chief John Marston and
Police Chief Thomas M. Bell Jr.
are co-hosts of the event, which
begins with a 2:30 p.m. open
house and is followed by formal
dedication ceremonies at 3:15
p.m.
S. F. Post, assistant Univer
sity business manager, will be
master of ceremonies. Brief
talks are scheduled by Vice
President and Provost Richard
W. Lyman, Vice President for
Business Affairs Alf E. Brandin,
Chief Marston and Chief Bell.
The 19,000-square foot build
ing, in the traditional Stanford
motif of red-tile roof and buff
exterior, unifies the Fire and Po
lice Departments under one roof
for the first time in recent Uni
versity history.
It is located on East Serra St.
near Escondido Village.

In addition to the apparatus
room where the University's fire
equipment is housed, there are
offices, separate dormitories for
professional and student fire
men, a kitchen with a dining
area and lounge, and a class
room for in-service training.
The Police Department, lo
cated in the western half of the
building, contains offices, a
squad and locker room, and a
property room for campus lost
and-found articles.
Both services will use a joint
communications center, fitted
with the latest equipment.
Fourteen student firemen, who
earn their way through the Uni
versity, sleep two to a room
in study-bedroom combinations.
Thirty-nine professional firemen
sleep in a separate dormitory.
Police Chief Thomas Bell is in
charge of 36 security officers,
who operate in radio cars.
Dedication ceremonies for the
new fire and police building are
scheduled for Wednesday.
Fire Chief John Marston and
Police Chief Thomas M. Bell Jr.
are co-hosts of the event, which
begins with a 2:30 p.m. open
house and is followed by formal
dedication ceremonies at 3:15
p.m.
S. F. Post, assistant Univer
sity business manager, will be
master of ceremonies. Brief
talks are scheduled by Vice
President and Provost Richard
W. Lyman, Vice President for
Business Affairs Alf E. Brandin,
Chief Marston and Chief Bell.
The 19,000-square foot build
ing, in the traditional Stanford
motif of red-tile roof and buff
exterior, unifies the Fire and Po
lice Departments under one roof
for the first time in recent Uni
versity history.
It is located on East Serra St.
near Escondido Village.

In addition to the apparatus
room where the University's fire
equipment is housed, there are
offices, separate dormitories for
professional and student fire
men, a kitchen with a dining
area and lounge, and a class
room for in-service training.
The Police Department, lo
cated in the western half of the
building, contains offices, a
squad and locker room, and a
property room for campus lost
and-found articles.
Both services will use a joint
communications center, fitted
with the latest equipment.
Fourteen student firemen, who
earn their way through the Uni
versity, sleep two to a room
in study-bedroom combinations.
Thirty-nine professional firemen
sleep in a separate dormitory.
Police Chief Thomas Bell is in
charge of 36 security officers,
who operate in radio cars.
Dedication ceremonies for the
new fire and police building are
scheduled for Wednesday.
Fire Chief John Marston and
Police Chief Thomas M. Bell Jr.
are co-hosts of the event, which
begins with a 2:30 p.m. open
house and is followed by formal
dedication ceremonies at 3:15
p.m.
S. F. Post, assistant Univer
sity business manager, will be
master of ceremonies. Brief
talks are scheduled by Vice
President and Provost Richard
W. Lyman, Vice President for
Business Affairs Alf E. Brandin,
Chief Marston and Chief Bell.
The 19,000-square foot build
ing, in the traditional Stanford
motif of red-tile roof and buff
exterior, unifies the Fire and Po
lice Departments under one roof
for the first time in recent Uni
versity history.
It is located on East Serra St.
near Escondido Village.

In addition to the apparatus
room where the University's fire
equipment is housed, there are
offices, separate dormitories for
professional and student fire
men, a kitchen with a dining
area and lounge, and a class
room for in-service training.
The Police Department, lo
cated in the western half of the
building, contains offices, a
squad and locker room, and a
property room for campus lost
and-found articles.
Both services will use a joint
communications center, fitted
with the latest equipment.
Fourteen student firemen, who
earn their way through the Uni
versity, sleep two to a room
in study-bedroom combinations.
Thirty-nine professional firemen
sleep in a separate dormitory.
Police Chief Thomas Bell is in
charge of 36 security officers,
who operate in radio cars.
Dedication ceremonies for the
new fire and police building are
scheduled for Wednesday.
Fire Chief John Marston and
Police Chief Thomas M. Bell Jr.
are co-hosts of the event, which
begins with a 2:30 p.m. open
house and is followed by formal
dedication ceremonies at 3:15
p.m.
S. F. Post, assistant Univer
sity business manager, will be
master of ceremonies. Brief
talks are scheduled by Vice
President and Provost Richard
W. Lyman, Vice President for
Business Affairs Alf E. Brandin,
Chief Marston and Chief Bell.
The 19,000-square foot build
ing, in the traditional Stanford
motif of red-tile roof and buff
exterior, unifies the Fire and Po
lice Departments under one roof
for the first time in recent Uni
versity history.
It is located on East Serra St.
near Escondido Village.

In addition to the apparatus
room where the University's fire
equipment is housed, there are
offices, separate dormitories for
professional and student fire
men, a kitchen with a dining
area and lounge, and a class
room for in-service training.
The Police Department, lo
cated in the western half of the
building, contains offices, a
squad and locker room, and a
property room for campus lost
and-found articles.
Both services will use a joint
communications center, fitted
with the latest equipment.
Fourteen student firemen, who
earn their way through the Uni
versity, sleep two to a room
in study-bedroom combinations.
Thirty-nine professional firemen
sleep in a separate dormitory.
Police Chief Thomas Bell is in
charge of 36 security officers,
who operate in radio cars.
Dedication ceremonies for the
new fire and police building are
scheduled for Wednesday.
Fire Chief John Marston and
Police Chief Thomas M. Bell Jr.
are co-hosts of the event, which
begins with a 2:30 p.m. open
house and is followed by formal
dedication ceremonies at 3:15
p.m.
S. F. Post, assistant Univer
sity business manager, will be
master of ceremonies. Brief
talks are scheduled by Vice
President and Provost Richard
W. Lyman, Vice President for
Business Affairs Alf E. Brandin,
Chief Marston and Chief Bell.
The 19,000-square foot build
ing, in the traditional Stanford
motif of red-tile roof and buff
exterior, unifies the Fire and Po
lice Departments under one roof
for the first time in recent Uni
versity history.
It is located on East Serra St.
near Escondido Village.

In addition to the apparatus
room where the University's fire
equipment is housed, there are
offices, separate dormitories for
professional and student fire
men, a kitchen with a dining
area and lounge, and a class
room for in-service training.
The Police Department, lo
cated in the western half of the
building, contains offices, a
squad and locker room, and a
property room for campus lost
and-found articles.
Both services will use a joint
communications center, fitted
with the latest equipment.
Fourteen student firemen, who
earn their way through the Uni
versity, sleep two to a room
in study-bedroom combinations.
Thirty-nine professional firemen
sleep in a separate dormitory.
Police Chief Thomas Bell is in
charge of 36 security officers,
who operate in radio cars.
Dedication ceremonies for the
new fire and police building are
scheduled for Wednesday.
Fire Chief John Marston and
Police Chief Thomas M. Bell Jr.
are co-hosts of the event, which
begins with a 2:30 p.m. open
house and is followed by formal
dedication ceremonies at 3:15
p.m.
S. F. Post, assistant Univer
sity business manager, will be
master of ceremonies. Brief
talks are scheduled by Vice
President and Provost Richard
W. Lyman, Vice President for
Business Affairs Alf E. Brandin,
Chief Marston and Chief Bell.
The 19,000-square foot build
ing, in the traditional Stanford
motif of red-tile roof and buff
exterior, unifies the Fire and Po
lice Departments under one roof
for the first time in recent Uni
versity history.
It is located on East Serra St.
near Escondido Village.

In addition to the apparatus
room where the University's fire
equipment is housed, there are
offices, separate dormitories for
professional and student fire
men, a kitchen with a dining
area and lounge, and a class
room for in-service training.
The Police Department, lo
cated in the western half of the
building, contains offices, a
squad and locker room, and a
property room for campus lost
and-found articles.
Both services will use a joint
communications center, fitted
with the latest equipment.
Fourteen student firemen, who
earn their way through the Uni
versity, sleep two to a room
in study-bedroom combinations.
Thirty-nine professional firemen
sleep in a separate dormitory.
Police Chief Thomas Bell is in
charge of 36 security officers,
who operate in radio cars.
Dedication ceremonies for the
new fire and police building are
scheduled for Wednesday.
Fire Chief John Marston and
Police Chief Thomas M. Bell Jr.
are co-hosts of the event, which
begins with a 2:30 p.m. open
house and is followed by formal
dedication ceremonies at 3:15
p.m.
S. F. Post, assistant Univer
sity business manager, will be
master of ceremonies. Brief
talks are scheduled by Vice
President and Provost Richard
W. Lyman, Vice President for
Business Affairs Alf E. Brandin,
Chief Marston and Chief Bell.
The 19,000-square foot build
ing, in the traditional Stanford
motif of red-tile roof and buff
exterior, unifies the Fire and Po
lice Departments under one roof
for the first time in recent Uni
versity history.
It is located on East Serra St.
near Escondido Village.

In addition to the apparatus
room where the University's fire
equipment is housed, there are
offices, separate dormitories for
professional and student fire
men, a kitchen with a dining
area and lounge, and a class
room for in-service training.
The Police Department, lo
cated in the western half of the
building, contains offices, a
squad and locker room, and a
property room for campus lost
and-found articles.
Both services will use a joint
communications center, fitted
with the latest equipment.
Fourteen student firemen, who
earn their way through the Uni
versity, sleep two to a room
in study-bedroom combinations.
Thirty-nine professional firemen
sleep in a separate dormitory.
Police Chief Thomas Bell is in
charge of 36 security officers,
who operate in radio cars.
Dedication ceremonies for the
new fire and police building are
scheduled for Wednesday.
Fire Chief John Marston and
Police Chief Thomas M. Bell Jr.
are co-hosts of the event, which
begins with a 2:30 p.m. open
house and is followed by formal
dedication ceremonies at 3:15
p.m.
S. F. Post, assistant Univer
sity business manager, will be
master of ceremonies. Brief
talks are scheduled by Vice
President and Provost Richard
W. Lyman, Vice President for
Business Affairs Alf E. Brandin,
Chief Marston and Chief Bell.
The 19,000-square foot build
ing, in the traditional Stanford
motif of red-tile roof and buff
exterior, unifies the Fire and Po
lice Departments under one roof
for the first time in recent Uni
versity history.
It is located on East Serra St.
near Escondido Village.

In addition to the apparatus
room where the University's fire
equipment is housed, there are
offices, separate dormitories for
professional and student fire
men, a kitchen with a dining
area and lounge, and a class
room for in-service training.
The Police Department, lo
cated in the western half of the
building, contains offices, a
squad and locker room, and a
property room for campus lost
and-found articles.
Both services will use a joint
communications center, fitted
with the latest equipment.
Fourteen student firemen, who
earn their way through the Uni
versity, sleep two to a room
in study-bedroom combinations.
Thirty-nine professional firemen
sleep in a separate dormitory.
Police Chief Thomas Bell is in
charge of 36 security officers,
who operate in radio cars.
Dedication ceremonies for the
new fire and police building are
scheduled for Wednesday.
Fire Chief John Marston and
Police Chief Thomas M. Bell Jr.
are co-hosts of the event, which
begins with a 2:30 p.m. open
house and is followed by formal
dedication ceremonies at 3:15
p.m.
S. F. Post, assistant Univer
sity business manager, will be
master of ceremonies. Brief
talks are scheduled by Vice
President and Provost Richard
W. Lyman, Vice President for
Business Affairs Alf E. Brandin,
Chief Marston and Chief Bell.
The 19,000-square foot build
ing, in the traditional Stanford
motif of red-tile roof and buff
exterior, unifies the Fire and Po
lice Departments under one roof
for the first time in recent Uni
versity history.
It is located on East Serra St.
near Escondido Village.

In addition to the apparatus
room where the University's fire
equipment is housed, there are
offices, separate dormitories for
professional and student fire
men, a kitchen with a dining
area and lounge, and a class
room for in-service training.
The Police Department, lo
cated in the western half of the
building, contains offices, a
squad and locker room, and a
property room for campus lost
and-found articles.
Both services will use a joint
communications center, fitted
with the latest equipment.
Fourteen student firemen, who
earn their way through the Uni
versity, sleep two to a room
in study-bedroom combinations.
Thirty-nine professional firemen
sleep in a separate dormitory.
Police Chief Thomas Bell is in
charge of 36 security officers,
who operate in radio cars.
Dedication ceremonies for the
new fire and police building are
scheduled for Wednesday.
Fire Chief John Marston and
Police Chief Thomas M. Bell Jr.
are co-hosts of the event, which
begins with a 2:30 p.m. open
house and is followed by formal
dedication ceremonies at 3:15
p.m.
S. F. Post, assistant Univer
sity business manager, will be
master of ceremonies. Brief
talks are scheduled by Vice
President and Provost Richard
W. Lyman, Vice President for
Business Affairs Alf E. Brandin,
Chief Marston and Chief Bell.
The 19,000-square foot build
ing, in the traditional Stanford
motif of red-tile roof and buff
exterior, unifies the Fire and Po
lice Departments under one roof
for the first time in recent Uni
versity history.
It is located on East Serra St.
near Escondido Village.

In addition to the apparatus
room where the University's fire
equipment is housed, there are
offices, separate dormitories for
professional and student fire
men, a kitchen with a dining
area and lounge, and a class
room for in-service training.
The Police Department, lo
cated in the western half of the
building, contains offices, a
squad and locker room, and a
property room for campus lost
and-found articles.
Both services will use a joint
communications center, fitted
with the latest equipment.
Fourteen student firemen, who
earn their way through the Uni
versity, sleep two to a room
in study-bedroom combinations.
Thirty-nine professional firemen
sleep in a separate dormitory.
Police Chief Thomas Bell is in
charge of 36 security officers,
who operate in radio cars.
