# SENIORS TO BE HOSTS AT ALL-CLASS DANCE
## 
### 
Plans for a jolly-up to I>e given Wed
nesday, December 7, in the Women's
Clubhouse by the Senior Class and to
which all other classes will be invited,
Were discussed at a meeting of class of

j ficers and committee heads at a meeting
held at 8:30 o'clock last night in the
Press building. This will be the first
time that an individual class has served
as a host for other classes in the Uni
! versity.
Further social activities and financial
matters were also discussed at the meet
ing.
Plans for a jolly-up to I>e given Wed
nesday, December 7, in the Women's
Clubhouse by the Senior Class and to
which all other classes will be invited,
Were discussed at a meeting of class of

j ficers and committee heads at a meeting
held at 8:30 o'clock last night in the
Press building. This will be the first
time that an individual class has served
as a host for other classes in the Uni
! versity.
Further social activities and financial
matters were also discussed at the meet
ing.
Plans for a jolly-up to I>e given Wed
nesday, December 7, in the Women's
Clubhouse by the Senior Class and to
which all other classes will be invited,
Were discussed at a meeting of class of

j ficers and committee heads at a meeting
held at 8:30 o'clock last night in the
Press building. This will be the first
time that an individual class has served
as a host for other classes in the Uni
! versity.
Further social activities and financial
matters were also discussed at the meet
ing.
Plans for a jolly-up to I>e given Wed
nesday, December 7, in the Women's
Clubhouse by the Senior Class and to
which all other classes will be invited,
Were discussed at a meeting of class of

j ficers and committee heads at a meeting
held at 8:30 o'clock last night in the
Press building. This will be the first
time that an individual class has served
as a host for other classes in the Uni
! versity.
Further social activities and financial
matters were also discussed at the meet
ing.
Plans for a jolly-up to I>e given Wed
nesday, December 7, in the Women's
Clubhouse by the Senior Class and to
which all other classes will be invited,
Were discussed at a meeting of class of

j ficers and committee heads at a meeting
held at 8:30 o'clock last night in the
Press building. This will be the first
time that an individual class has served
as a host for other classes in the Uni
! versity.
Further social activities and financial
matters were also discussed at the meet
ing.
Plans for a jolly-up to I>e given Wed
nesday, December 7, in the Women's
Clubhouse by the Senior Class and to
which all other classes will be invited,
Were discussed at a meeting of class of

j ficers and committee heads at a meeting
held at 8:30 o'clock last night in the
Press building. This will be the first
time that an individual class has served
as a host for other classes in the Uni
! versity.
Further social activities and financial
matters were also discussed at the meet
ing.
Plans for a jolly-up to I>e given Wed
nesday, December 7, in the Women's
Clubhouse by the Senior Class and to
which all other classes will be invited,
Were discussed at a meeting of class of

j ficers and committee heads at a meeting
held at 8:30 o'clock last night in the
Press building. This will be the first
time that an individual class has served
as a host for other classes in the Uni
! versity.
Further social activities and financial
matters were also discussed at the meet
ing.
Plans for a jolly-up to I>e given Wed
nesday, December 7, in the Women's
Clubhouse by the Senior Class and to
which all other classes will be invited,
Were discussed at a meeting of class of

j ficers and committee heads at a meeting
held at 8:30 o'clock last night in the
Press building. This will be the first
time that an individual class has served
as a host for other classes in the Uni
! versity.
Further social activities and financial
matters were also discussed at the meet
ing.
Plans for a jolly-up to I>e given Wed
nesday, December 7, in the Women's
Clubhouse by the Senior Class and to
which all other classes will be invited,
Were discussed at a meeting of class of

j ficers and committee heads at a meeting
held at 8:30 o'clock last night in the
Press building. This will be the first
time that an individual class has served
as a host for other classes in the Uni
! versity.
Further social activities and financial
matters were also discussed at the meet
ing.
Plans for a jolly-up to I>e given Wed
nesday, December 7, in the Women's
Clubhouse by the Senior Class and to
which all other classes will be invited,
Were discussed at a meeting of class of

j ficers and committee heads at a meeting
held at 8:30 o'clock last night in the
Press building. This will be the first
time that an individual class has served
as a host for other classes in the Uni
! versity.
Further social activities and financial
matters were also discussed at the meet
ing.
Plans for a jolly-up to I>e given Wed
nesday, December 7, in the Women's
Clubhouse by the Senior Class and to
which all other classes will be invited,
Were discussed at a meeting of class of

j ficers and committee heads at a meeting
held at 8:30 o'clock last night in the
Press building. This will be the first
time that an individual class has served
as a host for other classes in the Uni
! versity.
Further social activities and financial
matters were also discussed at the meet
ing.
Plans for a jolly-up to I>e given Wed
nesday, December 7, in the Women's
Clubhouse by the Senior Class and to
which all other classes will be invited,
Were discussed at a meeting of class of

j ficers and committee heads at a meeting
held at 8:30 o'clock last night in the
Press building. This will be the first
time that an individual class has served
as a host for other classes in the Uni
! versity.
Further social activities and financial
matters were also discussed at the meet
ing.
Plans for a jolly-up to I>e given Wed
nesday, December 7, in the Women's
Clubhouse by the Senior Class and to
which all other classes will be invited,
Were discussed at a meeting of class of

j ficers and committee heads at a meeting
held at 8:30 o'clock last night in the
Press building. This will be the first
time that an individual class has served
as a host for other classes in the Uni
! versity.
Further social activities and financial
matters were also discussed at the meet
ing.
Plans for a jolly-up to I>e given Wed
nesday, December 7, in the Women's
Clubhouse by the Senior Class and to
which all other classes will be invited,
Were discussed at a meeting of class of

j ficers and committee heads at a meeting
held at 8:30 o'clock last night in the
Press building. This will be the first
time that an individual class has served
as a host for other classes in the Uni
! versity.
Further social activities and financial
matters were also discussed at the meet
ing.
Plans for a jolly-up to I>e given Wed
nesday, December 7, in the Women's
Clubhouse by the Senior Class and to
which all other classes will be invited,
Were discussed at a meeting of class of

j ficers and committee heads at a meeting
held at 8:30 o'clock last night in the
Press building. This will be the first
time that an individual class has served
as a host for other classes in the Uni
! versity.
Further social activities and financial
matters were also discussed at the meet
ing.
