# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Smoking will not be allowed at
Glendale Junior College, it was de
cided recently.
Smoking will not be allowed at
Glendale Junior College, it was de
cided recently.
Smoking will not be allowed at
Glendale Junior College, it was de
cided recently.
Smoking will not be allowed at
Glendale Junior College, it was de
cided recently.
Smoking will not be allowed at
Glendale Junior College, it was de
cided recently.
Smoking will not be allowed at
Glendale Junior College, it was de
cided recently.
Smoking will not be allowed at
Glendale Junior College, it was de
cided recently.
Smoking will not be allowed at
Glendale Junior College, it was de
cided recently.
Smoking will not be allowed at
Glendale Junior College, it was de
cided recently.
Smoking will not be allowed at
Glendale Junior College, it was de
cided recently.
Smoking will not be allowed at
Glendale Junior College, it was de
cided recently.
Smoking will not be allowed at
Glendale Junior College, it was de
cided recently.
Smoking will not be allowed at
Glendale Junior College, it was de
cided recently.
Smoking will not be allowed at
Glendale Junior College, it was de
cided recently.
Smoking will not be allowed at
Glendale Junior College, it was de
cided recently.
