# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Mrs. Arnoldson is the mother of
Astrid Arnoldson, who is a history
graduate student at Stanford of the
class of '27.
Mrs. Arnoldson is the mother of
Astrid Arnoldson, who is a history
graduate student at Stanford of the
class of '27.
Mrs. Arnoldson is the mother of
Astrid Arnoldson, who is a history
graduate student at Stanford of the
class of '27.
Mrs. Arnoldson is the mother of
Astrid Arnoldson, who is a history
graduate student at Stanford of the
class of '27.
Mrs. Arnoldson is the mother of
Astrid Arnoldson, who is a history
graduate student at Stanford of the
class of '27.
Mrs. Arnoldson is the mother of
Astrid Arnoldson, who is a history
graduate student at Stanford of the
class of '27.
Mrs. Arnoldson is the mother of
Astrid Arnoldson, who is a history
graduate student at Stanford of the
class of '27.
Mrs. Arnoldson is the mother of
Astrid Arnoldson, who is a history
graduate student at Stanford of the
class of '27.
Mrs. Arnoldson is the mother of
Astrid Arnoldson, who is a history
graduate student at Stanford of the
class of '27.
Mrs. Arnoldson is the mother of
Astrid Arnoldson, who is a history
graduate student at Stanford of the
class of '27.
Mrs. Arnoldson is the mother of
Astrid Arnoldson, who is a history
graduate student at Stanford of the
class of '27.
Mrs. Arnoldson is the mother of
Astrid Arnoldson, who is a history
graduate student at Stanford of the
class of '27.
Mrs. Arnoldson is the mother of
Astrid Arnoldson, who is a history
graduate student at Stanford of the
class of '27.
Mrs. Arnoldson is the mother of
Astrid Arnoldson, who is a history
graduate student at Stanford of the
class of '27.
Mrs. Arnoldson is the mother of
Astrid Arnoldson, who is a history
graduate student at Stanford of the
class of '27.
