# Adv. 14 Page 4
## 
### 
Horseback riding classes have been
reinstated in the curriculum of wo
men's physical education at the Uni
versity of Texas.
Horseback riding classes have been
reinstated in the curriculum of wo
men's physical education at the Uni
versity of Texas.
Horseback riding classes have been
reinstated in the curriculum of wo
men's physical education at the Uni
versity of Texas.
Horseback riding classes have been
reinstated in the curriculum of wo
men's physical education at the Uni
versity of Texas.
Horseback riding classes have been
reinstated in the curriculum of wo
men's physical education at the Uni
versity of Texas.
Horseback riding classes have been
reinstated in the curriculum of wo
men's physical education at the Uni
versity of Texas.
Horseback riding classes have been
reinstated in the curriculum of wo
men's physical education at the Uni
versity of Texas.
Horseback riding classes have been
reinstated in the curriculum of wo
men's physical education at the Uni
versity of Texas.
Horseback riding classes have been
reinstated in the curriculum of wo
men's physical education at the Uni
versity of Texas.
Horseback riding classes have been
reinstated in the curriculum of wo
men's physical education at the Uni
versity of Texas.
Horseback riding classes have been
reinstated in the curriculum of wo
men's physical education at the Uni
versity of Texas.
Horseback riding classes have been
reinstated in the curriculum of wo
men's physical education at the Uni
versity of Texas.
Horseback riding classes have been
reinstated in the curriculum of wo
men's physical education at the Uni
versity of Texas.
Horseback riding classes have been
reinstated in the curriculum of wo
men's physical education at the Uni
versity of Texas.
Horseback riding classes have been
reinstated in the curriculum of wo
men's physical education at the Uni
versity of Texas.
Horseback riding classes have been
reinstated in the curriculum of wo
men's physical education at the Uni
versity of Texas.
