# Adv. 10 Page 4
## 
### 
singles. Ownership recorded. If
found return to A.S.S.U. office.
U.S.C. TICKETS wanted by student.
Any kind, any number. Box 1405.
LOST —History seminar notes in man
ila folder. Please return to Mar
garet Glenn, Chi Omega House.
LOST —Black Waterman pen, gold
clip, rough edge cap. Please return
to Irwin Warner, 219 Tolon.
LOST —One black Shaeffer pen, the
southern-most end of the pertain
ing cap is encircled by two plain
gold bands. Finder please return to
Stanford Daily Business Office.
WANTED —5 passengers to make trip
in Cadillac Sedan to Los Angeles
for Stanford-U.S.C. game. Leaving
Thursday, returning Monday. Round
trip $15.00. Telephone Mr. Herman
at Berkeley 3680.
singles. Ownership recorded. If
found return to A.S.S.U. office.
U.S.C. TICKETS wanted by student.
Any kind, any number. Box 1405.
LOST —History seminar notes in man
ila folder. Please return to Mar
garet Glenn, Chi Omega House.
LOST —Black Waterman pen, gold
clip, rough edge cap. Please return
to Irwin Warner, 219 Tolon.
LOST —One black Shaeffer pen, the
southern-most end of the pertain
ing cap is encircled by two plain
gold bands. Finder please return to
Stanford Daily Business Office.
WANTED —5 passengers to make trip
in Cadillac Sedan to Los Angeles
for Stanford-U.S.C. game. Leaving
Thursday, returning Monday. Round
trip $15.00. Telephone Mr. Herman
at Berkeley 3680.
singles. Ownership recorded. If
found return to A.S.S.U. office.
U.S.C. TICKETS wanted by student.
Any kind, any number. Box 1405.
LOST —History seminar notes in man
ila folder. Please return to Mar
garet Glenn, Chi Omega House.
LOST —Black Waterman pen, gold
clip, rough edge cap. Please return
to Irwin Warner, 219 Tolon.
LOST —One black Shaeffer pen, the
southern-most end of the pertain
ing cap is encircled by two plain
gold bands. Finder please return to
Stanford Daily Business Office.
WANTED —5 passengers to make trip
in Cadillac Sedan to Los Angeles
for Stanford-U.S.C. game. Leaving
Thursday, returning Monday. Round
trip $15.00. Telephone Mr. Herman
at Berkeley 3680.
singles. Ownership recorded. If
found return to A.S.S.U. office.
U.S.C. TICKETS wanted by student.
Any kind, any number. Box 1405.
LOST —History seminar notes in man
ila folder. Please return to Mar
garet Glenn, Chi Omega House.
LOST —Black Waterman pen, gold
clip, rough edge cap. Please return
to Irwin Warner, 219 Tolon.
LOST —One black Shaeffer pen, the
southern-most end of the pertain
ing cap is encircled by two plain
gold bands. Finder please return to
Stanford Daily Business Office.
WANTED —5 passengers to make trip
in Cadillac Sedan to Los Angeles
for Stanford-U.S.C. game. Leaving
Thursday, returning Monday. Round
trip $15.00. Telephone Mr. Herman
at Berkeley 3680.
singles. Ownership recorded. If
found return to A.S.S.U. office.
U.S.C. TICKETS wanted by student.
Any kind, any number. Box 1405.
LOST —History seminar notes in man
ila folder. Please return to Mar
garet Glenn, Chi Omega House.
LOST —Black Waterman pen, gold
clip, rough edge cap. Please return
to Irwin Warner, 219 Tolon.
LOST —One black Shaeffer pen, the
southern-most end of the pertain
ing cap is encircled by two plain
gold bands. Finder please return to
Stanford Daily Business Office.
WANTED —5 passengers to make trip
in Cadillac Sedan to Los Angeles
for Stanford-U.S.C. game. Leaving
Thursday, returning Monday. Round
trip $15.00. Telephone Mr. Herman
at Berkeley 3680.
singles. Ownership recorded. If
found return to A.S.S.U. office.
U.S.C. TICKETS wanted by student.
Any kind, any number. Box 1405.
LOST —History seminar notes in man
ila folder. Please return to Mar
garet Glenn, Chi Omega House.
LOST —Black Waterman pen, gold
clip, rough edge cap. Please return
to Irwin Warner, 219 Tolon.
LOST —One black Shaeffer pen, the
southern-most end of the pertain
ing cap is encircled by two plain
gold bands. Finder please return to
Stanford Daily Business Office.
WANTED —5 passengers to make trip
in Cadillac Sedan to Los Angeles
for Stanford-U.S.C. game. Leaving
Thursday, returning Monday. Round
trip $15.00. Telephone Mr. Herman
at Berkeley 3680.
singles. Ownership recorded. If
found return to A.S.S.U. office.
U.S.C. TICKETS wanted by student.
Any kind, any number. Box 1405.
LOST —History seminar notes in man
ila folder. Please return to Mar
garet Glenn, Chi Omega House.
LOST —Black Waterman pen, gold
clip, rough edge cap. Please return
to Irwin Warner, 219 Tolon.
LOST —One black Shaeffer pen, the
southern-most end of the pertain
ing cap is encircled by two plain
gold bands. Finder please return to
Stanford Daily Business Office.
WANTED —5 passengers to make trip
in Cadillac Sedan to Los Angeles
for Stanford-U.S.C. game. Leaving
Thursday, returning Monday. Round
trip $15.00. Telephone Mr. Herman
at Berkeley 3680.
singles. Ownership recorded. If
found return to A.S.S.U. office.
U.S.C. TICKETS wanted by student.
Any kind, any number. Box 1405.
LOST —History seminar notes in man
ila folder. Please return to Mar
garet Glenn, Chi Omega House.
LOST —Black Waterman pen, gold
clip, rough edge cap. Please return
to Irwin Warner, 219 Tolon.
LOST —One black Shaeffer pen, the
southern-most end of the pertain
ing cap is encircled by two plain
gold bands. Finder please return to
Stanford Daily Business Office.
WANTED —5 passengers to make trip
in Cadillac Sedan to Los Angeles
for Stanford-U.S.C. game. Leaving
Thursday, returning Monday. Round
trip $15.00. Telephone Mr. Herman
at Berkeley 3680.
singles. Ownership recorded. If
found return to A.S.S.U. office.
U.S.C. TICKETS wanted by student.
Any kind, any number. Box 1405.
LOST —History seminar notes in man
ila folder. Please return to Mar
garet Glenn, Chi Omega House.
LOST —Black Waterman pen, gold
clip, rough edge cap. Please return
to Irwin Warner, 219 Tolon.
LOST —One black Shaeffer pen, the
southern-most end of the pertain
ing cap is encircled by two plain
gold bands. Finder please return to
Stanford Daily Business Office.
WANTED —5 passengers to make trip
in Cadillac Sedan to Los Angeles
for Stanford-U.S.C. game. Leaving
Thursday, returning Monday. Round
trip $15.00. Telephone Mr. Herman
at Berkeley 3680.
singles. Ownership recorded. If
found return to A.S.S.U. office.
U.S.C. TICKETS wanted by student.
Any kind, any number. Box 1405.
LOST —History seminar notes in man
ila folder. Please return to Mar
garet Glenn, Chi Omega House.
LOST —Black Waterman pen, gold
clip, rough edge cap. Please return
to Irwin Warner, 219 Tolon.
LOST —One black Shaeffer pen, the
southern-most end of the pertain
ing cap is encircled by two plain
gold bands. Finder please return to
Stanford Daily Business Office.
WANTED —5 passengers to make trip
in Cadillac Sedan to Los Angeles
for Stanford-U.S.C. game. Leaving
Thursday, returning Monday. Round
trip $15.00. Telephone Mr. Herman
at Berkeley 3680.
singles. Ownership recorded. If
found return to A.S.S.U. office.
U.S.C. TICKETS wanted by student.
Any kind, any number. Box 1405.
LOST —History seminar notes in man
ila folder. Please return to Mar
garet Glenn, Chi Omega House.
LOST —Black Waterman pen, gold
clip, rough edge cap. Please return
to Irwin Warner, 219 Tolon.
LOST —One black Shaeffer pen, the
southern-most end of the pertain
ing cap is encircled by two plain
gold bands. Finder please return to
Stanford Daily Business Office.
WANTED —5 passengers to make trip
in Cadillac Sedan to Los Angeles
for Stanford-U.S.C. game. Leaving
Thursday, returning Monday. Round
trip $15.00. Telephone Mr. Herman
at Berkeley 3680.
singles. Ownership recorded. If
found return to A.S.S.U. office.
U.S.C. TICKETS wanted by student.
Any kind, any number. Box 1405.
LOST —History seminar notes in man
ila folder. Please return to Mar
garet Glenn, Chi Omega House.
LOST —Black Waterman pen, gold
clip, rough edge cap. Please return
to Irwin Warner, 219 Tolon.
LOST —One black Shaeffer pen, the
southern-most end of the pertain
ing cap is encircled by two plain
gold bands. Finder please return to
Stanford Daily Business Office.
WANTED —5 passengers to make trip
in Cadillac Sedan to Los Angeles
for Stanford-U.S.C. game. Leaving
Thursday, returning Monday. Round
trip $15.00. Telephone Mr. Herman
at Berkeley 3680.
singles. Ownership recorded. If
found return to A.S.S.U. office.
U.S.C. TICKETS wanted by student.
Any kind, any number. Box 1405.
LOST —History seminar notes in man
ila folder. Please return to Mar
garet Glenn, Chi Omega House.
LOST —Black Waterman pen, gold
clip, rough edge cap. Please return
to Irwin Warner, 219 Tolon.
LOST —One black Shaeffer pen, the
southern-most end of the pertain
ing cap is encircled by two plain
gold bands. Finder please return to
Stanford Daily Business Office.
WANTED —5 passengers to make trip
in Cadillac Sedan to Los Angeles
for Stanford-U.S.C. game. Leaving
Thursday, returning Monday. Round
trip $15.00. Telephone Mr. Herman
at Berkeley 3680.
singles. Ownership recorded. If
found return to A.S.S.U. office.
U.S.C. TICKETS wanted by student.
Any kind, any number. Box 1405.
LOST —History seminar notes in man
ila folder. Please return to Mar
garet Glenn, Chi Omega House.
LOST —Black Waterman pen, gold
clip, rough edge cap. Please return
to Irwin Warner, 219 Tolon.
LOST —One black Shaeffer pen, the
southern-most end of the pertain
ing cap is encircled by two plain
gold bands. Finder please return to
Stanford Daily Business Office.
WANTED —5 passengers to make trip
in Cadillac Sedan to Los Angeles
for Stanford-U.S.C. game. Leaving
Thursday, returning Monday. Round
trip $15.00. Telephone Mr. Herman
at Berkeley 3680.
singles. Ownership recorded. If
found return to A.S.S.U. office.
U.S.C. TICKETS wanted by student.
Any kind, any number. Box 1405.
LOST —History seminar notes in man
ila folder. Please return to Mar
garet Glenn, Chi Omega House.
LOST —Black Waterman pen, gold
clip, rough edge cap. Please return
to Irwin Warner, 219 Tolon.
LOST —One black Shaeffer pen, the
southern-most end of the pertain
ing cap is encircled by two plain
gold bands. Finder please return to
Stanford Daily Business Office.
WANTED —5 passengers to make trip
in Cadillac Sedan to Los Angeles
for Stanford-U.S.C. game. Leaving
Thursday, returning Monday. Round
trip $15.00. Telephone Mr. Herman
at Berkeley 3680.
singles. Ownership recorded. If
found return to A.S.S.U. office.
U.S.C. TICKETS wanted by student.
Any kind, any number. Box 1405.
LOST —History seminar notes in man
ila folder. Please return to Mar
garet Glenn, Chi Omega House.
LOST —Black Waterman pen, gold
clip, rough edge cap. Please return
to Irwin Warner, 219 Tolon.
LOST —One black Shaeffer pen, the
southern-most end of the pertain
ing cap is encircled by two plain
gold bands. Finder please return to
Stanford Daily Business Office.
WANTED —5 passengers to make trip
in Cadillac Sedan to Los Angeles
for Stanford-U.S.C. game. Leaving
Thursday, returning Monday. Round
trip $15.00. Telephone Mr. Herman
at Berkeley 3680.
