# U. S. Influence on Hawaii
## 
### HELEN PINKERTON 
In 1809 a Polynesian native's com
ing to Yale University, becoming a
Christian and wanting to go back to
the Hawaiian Islands challenged the
missionary spirit of the chief con
trolling board of the Congregational
Church to send the greatest mission
ary expedition of the nineteenth
century to the "Sandwich Islands."
Thus began, said Dr. Harold W.
Bradley yesterday at the American
Studies Symposium, the story of the
influence of Yankee experience and
Puritan theology on the history and
culture of Hawaii.
"Hawaii is still an outpost of New
England in a tropical setting," Dr
Bradley stated after describing the
four principal means of influence
the Americans had on the islands:

churches, schools, government, and
example.
Aided by the natives' simplicity,
the missionaries' indomitable spirit,
and the favor of the chiefs of the
islands, a tremendous revival in
1825-32 left the imprint of Puritan

morals, education, and way of life
on the people of the islands.
Even after the departure of the
early missionaries their influence
remained through their children in
the schools, economic life, and
churches.
Dr. Bradley's lecture is the last
in the symposium series for this
year.
In 1809 a Polynesian native's com
ing to Yale University, becoming a
Christian and wanting to go back to
the Hawaiian Islands challenged the
missionary spirit of the chief con
trolling board of the Congregational
Church to send the greatest mission
ary expedition of the nineteenth
century to the "Sandwich Islands."
Thus began, said Dr. Harold W.
Bradley yesterday at the American
Studies Symposium, the story of the
influence of Yankee experience and
Puritan theology on the history and
culture of Hawaii.
"Hawaii is still an outpost of New
England in a tropical setting," Dr
Bradley stated after describing the
four principal means of influence
the Americans had on the islands:

churches, schools, government, and
example.
Aided by the natives' simplicity,
the missionaries' indomitable spirit,
and the favor of the chiefs of the
islands, a tremendous revival in
1825-32 left the imprint of Puritan

morals, education, and way of life
on the people of the islands.
Even after the departure of the
early missionaries their influence
remained through their children in
the schools, economic life, and
churches.
Dr. Bradley's lecture is the last
in the symposium series for this
year.
In 1809 a Polynesian native's com
ing to Yale University, becoming a
Christian and wanting to go back to
the Hawaiian Islands challenged the
missionary spirit of the chief con
trolling board of the Congregational
Church to send the greatest mission
ary expedition of the nineteenth
century to the "Sandwich Islands."
Thus began, said Dr. Harold W.
Bradley yesterday at the American
Studies Symposium, the story of the
influence of Yankee experience and
Puritan theology on the history and
culture of Hawaii.
"Hawaii is still an outpost of New
England in a tropical setting," Dr
Bradley stated after describing the
four principal means of influence
the Americans had on the islands:

churches, schools, government, and
example.
Aided by the natives' simplicity,
the missionaries' indomitable spirit,
and the favor of the chiefs of the
islands, a tremendous revival in
1825-32 left the imprint of Puritan

morals, education, and way of life
on the people of the islands.
Even after the departure of the
early missionaries their influence
remained through their children in
the schools, economic life, and
churches.
Dr. Bradley's lecture is the last
in the symposium series for this
year.
In 1809 a Polynesian native's com
ing to Yale University, becoming a
Christian and wanting to go back to
the Hawaiian Islands challenged the
missionary spirit of the chief con
trolling board of the Congregational
Church to send the greatest mission
ary expedition of the nineteenth
century to the "Sandwich Islands."
Thus began, said Dr. Harold W.
Bradley yesterday at the American
Studies Symposium, the story of the
influence of Yankee experience and
Puritan theology on the history and
culture of Hawaii.
"Hawaii is still an outpost of New
England in a tropical setting," Dr
Bradley stated after describing the
four principal means of influence
the Americans had on the islands:

churches, schools, government, and
example.
Aided by the natives' simplicity,
the missionaries' indomitable spirit,
and the favor of the chiefs of the
islands, a tremendous revival in
1825-32 left the imprint of Puritan

morals, education, and way of life
on the people of the islands.
Even after the departure of the
early missionaries their influence
remained through their children in
the schools, economic life, and
churches.
Dr. Bradley's lecture is the last
in the symposium series for this
year.
In 1809 a Polynesian native's com
ing to Yale University, becoming a
Christian and wanting to go back to
the Hawaiian Islands challenged the
missionary spirit of the chief con
trolling board of the Congregational
Church to send the greatest mission
ary expedition of the nineteenth
century to the "Sandwich Islands."
Thus began, said Dr. Harold W.
Bradley yesterday at the American
Studies Symposium, the story of the
influence of Yankee experience and
Puritan theology on the history and
culture of Hawaii.
"Hawaii is still an outpost of New
England in a tropical setting," Dr
Bradley stated after describing the
four principal means of influence
the Americans had on the islands:

churches, schools, government, and
example.
Aided by the natives' simplicity,
the missionaries' indomitable spirit,
and the favor of the chiefs of the
islands, a tremendous revival in
1825-32 left the imprint of Puritan

morals, education, and way of life
on the people of the islands.
Even after the departure of the
early missionaries their influence
remained through their children in
the schools, economic life, and
churches.
Dr. Bradley's lecture is the last
in the symposium series for this
year.
In 1809 a Polynesian native's com
ing to Yale University, becoming a
Christian and wanting to go back to
the Hawaiian Islands challenged the
missionary spirit of the chief con
trolling board of the Congregational
Church to send the greatest mission
ary expedition of the nineteenth
century to the "Sandwich Islands."
Thus began, said Dr. Harold W.
Bradley yesterday at the American
Studies Symposium, the story of the
influence of Yankee experience and
Puritan theology on the history and
culture of Hawaii.
"Hawaii is still an outpost of New
England in a tropical setting," Dr
Bradley stated after describing the
four principal means of influence
the Americans had on the islands:

churches, schools, government, and
example.
Aided by the natives' simplicity,
the missionaries' indomitable spirit,
and the favor of the chiefs of the
islands, a tremendous revival in
1825-32 left the imprint of Puritan

morals, education, and way of life
on the people of the islands.
Even after the departure of the
early missionaries their influence
remained through their children in
the schools, economic life, and
churches.
Dr. Bradley's lecture is the last
in the symposium series for this
year.
In 1809 a Polynesian native's com
ing to Yale University, becoming a
Christian and wanting to go back to
the Hawaiian Islands challenged the
missionary spirit of the chief con
trolling board of the Congregational
Church to send the greatest mission
ary expedition of the nineteenth
century to the "Sandwich Islands."
Thus began, said Dr. Harold W.
Bradley yesterday at the American
Studies Symposium, the story of the
influence of Yankee experience and
Puritan theology on the history and
culture of Hawaii.
"Hawaii is still an outpost of New
England in a tropical setting," Dr
Bradley stated after describing the
four principal means of influence
the Americans had on the islands:

churches, schools, government, and
example.
Aided by the natives' simplicity,
the missionaries' indomitable spirit,
and the favor of the chiefs of the
islands, a tremendous revival in
1825-32 left the imprint of Puritan

morals, education, and way of life
on the people of the islands.
Even after the departure of the
early missionaries their influence
remained through their children in
the schools, economic life, and
churches.
Dr. Bradley's lecture is the last
in the symposium series for this
year.
In 1809 a Polynesian native's com
ing to Yale University, becoming a
Christian and wanting to go back to
the Hawaiian Islands challenged the
missionary spirit of the chief con
trolling board of the Congregational
Church to send the greatest mission
ary expedition of the nineteenth
century to the "Sandwich Islands."
Thus began, said Dr. Harold W.
Bradley yesterday at the American
Studies Symposium, the story of the
influence of Yankee experience and
Puritan theology on the history and
culture of Hawaii.
"Hawaii is still an outpost of New
England in a tropical setting," Dr
Bradley stated after describing the
four principal means of influence
the Americans had on the islands:

churches, schools, government, and
example.
Aided by the natives' simplicity,
the missionaries' indomitable spirit,
and the favor of the chiefs of the
islands, a tremendous revival in
1825-32 left the imprint of Puritan

morals, education, and way of life
on the people of the islands.
Even after the departure of the
early missionaries their influence
remained through their children in
the schools, economic life, and
churches.
Dr. Bradley's lecture is the last
in the symposium series for this
year.
In 1809 a Polynesian native's com
ing to Yale University, becoming a
Christian and wanting to go back to
the Hawaiian Islands challenged the
missionary spirit of the chief con
trolling board of the Congregational
Church to send the greatest mission
ary expedition of the nineteenth
century to the "Sandwich Islands."
Thus began, said Dr. Harold W.
Bradley yesterday at the American
Studies Symposium, the story of the
influence of Yankee experience and
Puritan theology on the history and
culture of Hawaii.
"Hawaii is still an outpost of New
England in a tropical setting," Dr
Bradley stated after describing the
four principal means of influence
the Americans had on the islands:

churches, schools, government, and
example.
Aided by the natives' simplicity,
the missionaries' indomitable spirit,
and the favor of the chiefs of the
islands, a tremendous revival in
1825-32 left the imprint of Puritan

morals, education, and way of life
on the people of the islands.
Even after the departure of the
early missionaries their influence
remained through their children in
the schools, economic life, and
churches.
Dr. Bradley's lecture is the last
in the symposium series for this
year.
In 1809 a Polynesian native's com
ing to Yale University, becoming a
Christian and wanting to go back to
the Hawaiian Islands challenged the
missionary spirit of the chief con
trolling board of the Congregational
Church to send the greatest mission
ary expedition of the nineteenth
century to the "Sandwich Islands."
Thus began, said Dr. Harold W.
Bradley yesterday at the American
Studies Symposium, the story of the
influence of Yankee experience and
Puritan theology on the history and
culture of Hawaii.
"Hawaii is still an outpost of New
England in a tropical setting," Dr
Bradley stated after describing the
four principal means of influence
the Americans had on the islands:

churches, schools, government, and
example.
Aided by the natives' simplicity,
the missionaries' indomitable spirit,
and the favor of the chiefs of the
islands, a tremendous revival in
1825-32 left the imprint of Puritan

morals, education, and way of life
on the people of the islands.
Even after the departure of the
early missionaries their influence
remained through their children in
the schools, economic life, and
churches.
Dr. Bradley's lecture is the last
in the symposium series for this
year.
In 1809 a Polynesian native's com
ing to Yale University, becoming a
Christian and wanting to go back to
the Hawaiian Islands challenged the
missionary spirit of the chief con
trolling board of the Congregational
Church to send the greatest mission
ary expedition of the nineteenth
century to the "Sandwich Islands."
Thus began, said Dr. Harold W.
Bradley yesterday at the American
Studies Symposium, the story of the
influence of Yankee experience and
Puritan theology on the history and
culture of Hawaii.
"Hawaii is still an outpost of New
England in a tropical setting," Dr
Bradley stated after describing the
four principal means of influence
the Americans had on the islands:

churches, schools, government, and
example.
Aided by the natives' simplicity,
the missionaries' indomitable spirit,
and the favor of the chiefs of the
islands, a tremendous revival in
1825-32 left the imprint of Puritan

morals, education, and way of life
on the people of the islands.
Even after the departure of the
early missionaries their influence
remained through their children in
the schools, economic life, and
churches.
Dr. Bradley's lecture is the last
in the symposium series for this
year.
In 1809 a Polynesian native's com
ing to Yale University, becoming a
Christian and wanting to go back to
the Hawaiian Islands challenged the
missionary spirit of the chief con
trolling board of the Congregational
Church to send the greatest mission
ary expedition of the nineteenth
century to the "Sandwich Islands."
Thus began, said Dr. Harold W.
Bradley yesterday at the American
Studies Symposium, the story of the
influence of Yankee experience and
Puritan theology on the history and
culture of Hawaii.
"Hawaii is still an outpost of New
England in a tropical setting," Dr
Bradley stated after describing the
four principal means of influence
the Americans had on the islands:

churches, schools, government, and
example.
Aided by the natives' simplicity,
the missionaries' indomitable spirit,
and the favor of the chiefs of the
islands, a tremendous revival in
1825-32 left the imprint of Puritan

morals, education, and way of life
on the people of the islands.
Even after the departure of the
early missionaries their influence
remained through their children in
the schools, economic life, and
churches.
Dr. Bradley's lecture is the last
in the symposium series for this
year.
In 1809 a Polynesian native's com
ing to Yale University, becoming a
Christian and wanting to go back to
the Hawaiian Islands challenged the
missionary spirit of the chief con
trolling board of the Congregational
Church to send the greatest mission
ary expedition of the nineteenth
century to the "Sandwich Islands."
Thus began, said Dr. Harold W.
Bradley yesterday at the American
Studies Symposium, the story of the
influence of Yankee experience and
Puritan theology on the history and
culture of Hawaii.
"Hawaii is still an outpost of New
England in a tropical setting," Dr
Bradley stated after describing the
four principal means of influence
the Americans had on the islands:

churches, schools, government, and
example.
Aided by the natives' simplicity,
the missionaries' indomitable spirit,
and the favor of the chiefs of the
islands, a tremendous revival in
1825-32 left the imprint of Puritan

morals, education, and way of life
on the people of the islands.
Even after the departure of the
early missionaries their influence
remained through their children in
the schools, economic life, and
churches.
Dr. Bradley's lecture is the last
in the symposium series for this
year.
In 1809 a Polynesian native's com
ing to Yale University, becoming a
Christian and wanting to go back to
the Hawaiian Islands challenged the
missionary spirit of the chief con
trolling board of the Congregational
Church to send the greatest mission
ary expedition of the nineteenth
century to the "Sandwich Islands."
Thus began, said Dr. Harold W.
Bradley yesterday at the American
Studies Symposium, the story of the
influence of Yankee experience and
Puritan theology on the history and
culture of Hawaii.
"Hawaii is still an outpost of New
England in a tropical setting," Dr
Bradley stated after describing the
four principal means of influence
the Americans had on the islands:

churches, schools, government, and
example.
Aided by the natives' simplicity,
the missionaries' indomitable spirit,
and the favor of the chiefs of the
islands, a tremendous revival in
1825-32 left the imprint of Puritan

morals, education, and way of life
on the people of the islands.
Even after the departure of the
early missionaries their influence
remained through their children in
the schools, economic life, and
churches.
Dr. Bradley's lecture is the last
in the symposium series for this
year.
In 1809 a Polynesian native's com
ing to Yale University, becoming a
Christian and wanting to go back to
the Hawaiian Islands challenged the
missionary spirit of the chief con
trolling board of the Congregational
Church to send the greatest mission
ary expedition of the nineteenth
century to the "Sandwich Islands."
Thus began, said Dr. Harold W.
Bradley yesterday at the American
Studies Symposium, the story of the
influence of Yankee experience and
Puritan theology on the history and
culture of Hawaii.
"Hawaii is still an outpost of New
England in a tropical setting," Dr
Bradley stated after describing the
four principal means of influence
the Americans had on the islands:

churches, schools, government, and
example.
Aided by the natives' simplicity,
the missionaries' indomitable spirit,
and the favor of the chiefs of the
islands, a tremendous revival in
1825-32 left the imprint of Puritan

morals, education, and way of life
on the people of the islands.
Even after the departure of the
early missionaries their influence
remained through their children in
the schools, economic life, and
churches.
Dr. Bradley's lecture is the last
in the symposium series for this
year.
