# WATER SURVIVAL
## 
### 
Naval officers from MofTet Field
will give a water survival demon
stration next Wednesday, at 4 p.m.
in Encina Pool, according to O. N.
Anderson, general director of the
School of Health.
The exhibition is open to the pub
lic as well as all students of the
University. It will illustrate swim
ming techniques as well as life-sav
ing trials.
Naval officers from MofTet Field
will give a water survival demon
stration next Wednesday, at 4 p.m.
in Encina Pool, according to O. N.
Anderson, general director of the
School of Health.
The exhibition is open to the pub
lic as well as all students of the
University. It will illustrate swim
ming techniques as well as life-sav
ing trials.
Naval officers from MofTet Field
will give a water survival demon
stration next Wednesday, at 4 p.m.
in Encina Pool, according to O. N.
Anderson, general director of the
School of Health.
The exhibition is open to the pub
lic as well as all students of the
University. It will illustrate swim
ming techniques as well as life-sav
ing trials.
Naval officers from MofTet Field
will give a water survival demon
stration next Wednesday, at 4 p.m.
in Encina Pool, according to O. N.
Anderson, general director of the
School of Health.
The exhibition is open to the pub
lic as well as all students of the
University. It will illustrate swim
ming techniques as well as life-sav
ing trials.
Naval officers from MofTet Field
will give a water survival demon
stration next Wednesday, at 4 p.m.
in Encina Pool, according to O. N.
Anderson, general director of the
School of Health.
The exhibition is open to the pub
lic as well as all students of the
University. It will illustrate swim
ming techniques as well as life-sav
ing trials.
Naval officers from MofTet Field
will give a water survival demon
stration next Wednesday, at 4 p.m.
in Encina Pool, according to O. N.
Anderson, general director of the
School of Health.
The exhibition is open to the pub
lic as well as all students of the
University. It will illustrate swim
ming techniques as well as life-sav
ing trials.
Naval officers from MofTet Field
will give a water survival demon
stration next Wednesday, at 4 p.m.
in Encina Pool, according to O. N.
Anderson, general director of the
School of Health.
The exhibition is open to the pub
lic as well as all students of the
University. It will illustrate swim
ming techniques as well as life-sav
ing trials.
Naval officers from MofTet Field
will give a water survival demon
stration next Wednesday, at 4 p.m.
in Encina Pool, according to O. N.
Anderson, general director of the
School of Health.
The exhibition is open to the pub
lic as well as all students of the
University. It will illustrate swim
ming techniques as well as life-sav
ing trials.
Naval officers from MofTet Field
will give a water survival demon
stration next Wednesday, at 4 p.m.
in Encina Pool, according to O. N.
Anderson, general director of the
School of Health.
The exhibition is open to the pub
lic as well as all students of the
University. It will illustrate swim
ming techniques as well as life-sav
ing trials.
Naval officers from MofTet Field
will give a water survival demon
stration next Wednesday, at 4 p.m.
in Encina Pool, according to O. N.
Anderson, general director of the
School of Health.
The exhibition is open to the pub
lic as well as all students of the
University. It will illustrate swim
ming techniques as well as life-sav
ing trials.
Naval officers from MofTet Field
will give a water survival demon
stration next Wednesday, at 4 p.m.
in Encina Pool, according to O. N.
Anderson, general director of the
School of Health.
The exhibition is open to the pub
lic as well as all students of the
University. It will illustrate swim
ming techniques as well as life-sav
ing trials.
Naval officers from MofTet Field
will give a water survival demon
stration next Wednesday, at 4 p.m.
in Encina Pool, according to O. N.
Anderson, general director of the
School of Health.
The exhibition is open to the pub
lic as well as all students of the
University. It will illustrate swim
ming techniques as well as life-sav
ing trials.
Naval officers from MofTet Field
will give a water survival demon
stration next Wednesday, at 4 p.m.
in Encina Pool, according to O. N.
Anderson, general director of the
School of Health.
The exhibition is open to the pub
lic as well as all students of the
University. It will illustrate swim
ming techniques as well as life-sav
ing trials.
Naval officers from MofTet Field
will give a water survival demon
stration next Wednesday, at 4 p.m.
in Encina Pool, according to O. N.
Anderson, general director of the
School of Health.
The exhibition is open to the pub
lic as well as all students of the
University. It will illustrate swim
ming techniques as well as life-sav
ing trials.
Naval officers from MofTet Field
will give a water survival demon
stration next Wednesday, at 4 p.m.
in Encina Pool, according to O. N.
Anderson, general director of the
School of Health.
The exhibition is open to the pub
lic as well as all students of the
University. It will illustrate swim
ming techniques as well as life-sav
ing trials.
