# Excom to Discuss Constitution, Budget
## 
### 
Agenda for filial .spring quar
ter meeting of Excom, to be held
in the Excom Room at 7:15 next
Wednesday, is as follows:
Passing of Constitution as by
laws.
Approval of budget.
Cardinals charier.
Pre-Reg program.
All students arc invited to at
tend.
Agenda for filial .spring quar
ter meeting of Excom, to be held
in the Excom Room at 7:15 next
Wednesday, is as follows:
Passing of Constitution as by
laws.
Approval of budget.
Cardinals charier.
Pre-Reg program.
All students arc invited to at
tend.
Agenda for filial .spring quar
ter meeting of Excom, to be held
in the Excom Room at 7:15 next
Wednesday, is as follows:
Passing of Constitution as by
laws.
Approval of budget.
Cardinals charier.
Pre-Reg program.
All students arc invited to at
tend.
Agenda for filial .spring quar
ter meeting of Excom, to be held
in the Excom Room at 7:15 next
Wednesday, is as follows:
Passing of Constitution as by
laws.
Approval of budget.
Cardinals charier.
Pre-Reg program.
All students arc invited to at
tend.
Agenda for filial .spring quar
ter meeting of Excom, to be held
in the Excom Room at 7:15 next
Wednesday, is as follows:
Passing of Constitution as by
laws.
Approval of budget.
Cardinals charier.
Pre-Reg program.
All students arc invited to at
tend.
Agenda for filial .spring quar
ter meeting of Excom, to be held
in the Excom Room at 7:15 next
Wednesday, is as follows:
Passing of Constitution as by
laws.
Approval of budget.
Cardinals charier.
Pre-Reg program.
All students arc invited to at
tend.
Agenda for filial .spring quar
ter meeting of Excom, to be held
in the Excom Room at 7:15 next
Wednesday, is as follows:
Passing of Constitution as by
laws.
Approval of budget.
Cardinals charier.
Pre-Reg program.
All students arc invited to at
tend.
Agenda for filial .spring quar
ter meeting of Excom, to be held
in the Excom Room at 7:15 next
Wednesday, is as follows:
Passing of Constitution as by
laws.
Approval of budget.
Cardinals charier.
Pre-Reg program.
All students arc invited to at
tend.
Agenda for filial .spring quar
ter meeting of Excom, to be held
in the Excom Room at 7:15 next
Wednesday, is as follows:
Passing of Constitution as by
laws.
Approval of budget.
Cardinals charier.
Pre-Reg program.
All students arc invited to at
tend.
Agenda for filial .spring quar
ter meeting of Excom, to be held
in the Excom Room at 7:15 next
Wednesday, is as follows:
Passing of Constitution as by
laws.
Approval of budget.
Cardinals charier.
Pre-Reg program.
All students arc invited to at
tend.
Agenda for filial .spring quar
ter meeting of Excom, to be held
in the Excom Room at 7:15 next
Wednesday, is as follows:
Passing of Constitution as by
laws.
Approval of budget.
Cardinals charier.
Pre-Reg program.
All students arc invited to at
tend.
Agenda for filial .spring quar
ter meeting of Excom, to be held
in the Excom Room at 7:15 next
Wednesday, is as follows:
Passing of Constitution as by
laws.
Approval of budget.
Cardinals charier.
Pre-Reg program.
All students arc invited to at
tend.
Agenda for filial .spring quar
ter meeting of Excom, to be held
in the Excom Room at 7:15 next
Wednesday, is as follows:
Passing of Constitution as by
laws.
Approval of budget.
Cardinals charier.
Pre-Reg program.
All students arc invited to at
tend.
Agenda for filial .spring quar
ter meeting of Excom, to be held
in the Excom Room at 7:15 next
Wednesday, is as follows:
Passing of Constitution as by
laws.
Approval of budget.
Cardinals charier.
Pre-Reg program.
All students arc invited to at
tend.
Agenda for filial .spring quar
ter meeting of Excom, to be held
in the Excom Room at 7:15 next
Wednesday, is as follows:
Passing of Constitution as by
laws.
Approval of budget.
Cardinals charier.
Pre-Reg program.
All students arc invited to at
tend.
