# Several Daily Staff Positions Now Open
## 
### 
Stanford students interested in
news-writing are reminded of The
Stanford Daily tryouts, which will
start Monday afternoon at 5 o'clock
in the Journalism Library in the
Press Building. Previous journalis
tic experience is not necessary. The
tryouts are open to both freshman
and old students.
For several weeks the would-be
reporters will be trained in Ihe va
rious parts of news-writing and be
given both assignments and tests. At
the end of that time, those who
prove themselves most capable as
reporters will take their places as
members of the Daily staff.
Stanford students interested in
news-writing are reminded of The
Stanford Daily tryouts, which will
start Monday afternoon at 5 o'clock
in the Journalism Library in the
Press Building. Previous journalis
tic experience is not necessary. The
tryouts are open to both freshman
and old students.
For several weeks the would-be
reporters will be trained in Ihe va
rious parts of news-writing and be
given both assignments and tests. At
the end of that time, those who
prove themselves most capable as
reporters will take their places as
members of the Daily staff.
Stanford students interested in
news-writing are reminded of The
Stanford Daily tryouts, which will
start Monday afternoon at 5 o'clock
in the Journalism Library in the
Press Building. Previous journalis
tic experience is not necessary. The
tryouts are open to both freshman
and old students.
For several weeks the would-be
reporters will be trained in Ihe va
rious parts of news-writing and be
given both assignments and tests. At
the end of that time, those who
prove themselves most capable as
reporters will take their places as
members of the Daily staff.
Stanford students interested in
news-writing are reminded of The
Stanford Daily tryouts, which will
start Monday afternoon at 5 o'clock
in the Journalism Library in the
Press Building. Previous journalis
tic experience is not necessary. The
tryouts are open to both freshman
and old students.
For several weeks the would-be
reporters will be trained in Ihe va
rious parts of news-writing and be
given both assignments and tests. At
the end of that time, those who
prove themselves most capable as
reporters will take their places as
members of the Daily staff.
Stanford students interested in
news-writing are reminded of The
Stanford Daily tryouts, which will
start Monday afternoon at 5 o'clock
in the Journalism Library in the
Press Building. Previous journalis
tic experience is not necessary. The
tryouts are open to both freshman
and old students.
For several weeks the would-be
reporters will be trained in Ihe va
rious parts of news-writing and be
given both assignments and tests. At
the end of that time, those who
prove themselves most capable as
reporters will take their places as
members of the Daily staff.
Stanford students interested in
news-writing are reminded of The
Stanford Daily tryouts, which will
start Monday afternoon at 5 o'clock
in the Journalism Library in the
Press Building. Previous journalis
tic experience is not necessary. The
tryouts are open to both freshman
and old students.
For several weeks the would-be
reporters will be trained in Ihe va
rious parts of news-writing and be
given both assignments and tests. At
the end of that time, those who
prove themselves most capable as
reporters will take their places as
members of the Daily staff.
Stanford students interested in
news-writing are reminded of The
Stanford Daily tryouts, which will
start Monday afternoon at 5 o'clock
in the Journalism Library in the
Press Building. Previous journalis
tic experience is not necessary. The
tryouts are open to both freshman
and old students.
For several weeks the would-be
reporters will be trained in Ihe va
rious parts of news-writing and be
given both assignments and tests. At
the end of that time, those who
prove themselves most capable as
reporters will take their places as
members of the Daily staff.
Stanford students interested in
news-writing are reminded of The
Stanford Daily tryouts, which will
start Monday afternoon at 5 o'clock
in the Journalism Library in the
Press Building. Previous journalis
tic experience is not necessary. The
tryouts are open to both freshman
and old students.
For several weeks the would-be
reporters will be trained in Ihe va
rious parts of news-writing and be
given both assignments and tests. At
the end of that time, those who
prove themselves most capable as
reporters will take their places as
members of the Daily staff.
Stanford students interested in
news-writing are reminded of The
Stanford Daily tryouts, which will
start Monday afternoon at 5 o'clock
in the Journalism Library in the
Press Building. Previous journalis
tic experience is not necessary. The
tryouts are open to both freshman
and old students.
For several weeks the would-be
reporters will be trained in Ihe va
rious parts of news-writing and be
given both assignments and tests. At
the end of that time, those who
prove themselves most capable as
reporters will take their places as
members of the Daily staff.
Stanford students interested in
news-writing are reminded of The
Stanford Daily tryouts, which will
start Monday afternoon at 5 o'clock
in the Journalism Library in the
Press Building. Previous journalis
tic experience is not necessary. The
tryouts are open to both freshman
and old students.
For several weeks the would-be
reporters will be trained in Ihe va
rious parts of news-writing and be
given both assignments and tests. At
the end of that time, those who
prove themselves most capable as
reporters will take their places as
members of the Daily staff.
Stanford students interested in
news-writing are reminded of The
Stanford Daily tryouts, which will
start Monday afternoon at 5 o'clock
in the Journalism Library in the
Press Building. Previous journalis
tic experience is not necessary. The
tryouts are open to both freshman
and old students.
For several weeks the would-be
reporters will be trained in Ihe va
rious parts of news-writing and be
given both assignments and tests. At
the end of that time, those who
prove themselves most capable as
reporters will take their places as
members of the Daily staff.
Stanford students interested in
news-writing are reminded of The
Stanford Daily tryouts, which will
start Monday afternoon at 5 o'clock
in the Journalism Library in the
Press Building. Previous journalis
tic experience is not necessary. The
tryouts are open to both freshman
and old students.
For several weeks the would-be
reporters will be trained in Ihe va
rious parts of news-writing and be
given both assignments and tests. At
the end of that time, those who
prove themselves most capable as
reporters will take their places as
members of the Daily staff.
Stanford students interested in
news-writing are reminded of The
Stanford Daily tryouts, which will
start Monday afternoon at 5 o'clock
in the Journalism Library in the
Press Building. Previous journalis
tic experience is not necessary. The
tryouts are open to both freshman
and old students.
For several weeks the would-be
reporters will be trained in Ihe va
rious parts of news-writing and be
given both assignments and tests. At
the end of that time, those who
prove themselves most capable as
reporters will take their places as
members of the Daily staff.
Stanford students interested in
news-writing are reminded of The
Stanford Daily tryouts, which will
start Monday afternoon at 5 o'clock
in the Journalism Library in the
Press Building. Previous journalis
tic experience is not necessary. The
tryouts are open to both freshman
and old students.
For several weeks the would-be
reporters will be trained in Ihe va
rious parts of news-writing and be
given both assignments and tests. At
the end of that time, those who
prove themselves most capable as
reporters will take their places as
members of the Daily staff.
Stanford students interested in
news-writing are reminded of The
Stanford Daily tryouts, which will
start Monday afternoon at 5 o'clock
in the Journalism Library in the
Press Building. Previous journalis
tic experience is not necessary. The
tryouts are open to both freshman
and old students.
For several weeks the would-be
reporters will be trained in Ihe va
rious parts of news-writing and be
given both assignments and tests. At
the end of that time, those who
prove themselves most capable as
reporters will take their places as
members of the Daily staff.
