# The 						Stanford Daily Sporting World
## Tiger Slugger 
### 

Hang Greenberg, first baseman for the Detroit Tigers, has been a
mainstay in the Tiger batting camp, bis regular clouting of home runs
making him one of tbe most outstanding players in tlie American league.
(Associated Press Photo.)

Hang Greenberg, first baseman for the Detroit Tigers, has been a
mainstay in the Tiger batting camp, bis regular clouting of home runs
making him one of tbe most outstanding players in tlie American league.
(Associated Press Photo.)

Hang Greenberg, first baseman for the Detroit Tigers, has been a
mainstay in the Tiger batting camp, bis regular clouting of home runs
making him one of tbe most outstanding players in tlie American league.
(Associated Press Photo.)

Hang Greenberg, first baseman for the Detroit Tigers, has been a
mainstay in the Tiger batting camp, bis regular clouting of home runs
making him one of tbe most outstanding players in tlie American league.
(Associated Press Photo.)

Hang Greenberg, first baseman for the Detroit Tigers, has been a
mainstay in the Tiger batting camp, bis regular clouting of home runs
making him one of tbe most outstanding players in tlie American league.
(Associated Press Photo.)

Hang Greenberg, first baseman for the Detroit Tigers, has been a
mainstay in the Tiger batting camp, bis regular clouting of home runs
making him one of tbe most outstanding players in tlie American league.
(Associated Press Photo.)

Hang Greenberg, first baseman for the Detroit Tigers, has been a
mainstay in the Tiger batting camp, bis regular clouting of home runs
making him one of tbe most outstanding players in tlie American league.
(Associated Press Photo.)

Hang Greenberg, first baseman for the Detroit Tigers, has been a
mainstay in the Tiger batting camp, bis regular clouting of home runs
making him one of tbe most outstanding players in tlie American league.
(Associated Press Photo.)

Hang Greenberg, first baseman for the Detroit Tigers, has been a
mainstay in the Tiger batting camp, bis regular clouting of home runs
making him one of tbe most outstanding players in tlie American league.
(Associated Press Photo.)

Hang Greenberg, first baseman for the Detroit Tigers, has been a
mainstay in the Tiger batting camp, bis regular clouting of home runs
making him one of tbe most outstanding players in tlie American league.
(Associated Press Photo.)

Hang Greenberg, first baseman for the Detroit Tigers, has been a
mainstay in the Tiger batting camp, bis regular clouting of home runs
making him one of tbe most outstanding players in tlie American league.
(Associated Press Photo.)

Hang Greenberg, first baseman for the Detroit Tigers, has been a
mainstay in the Tiger batting camp, bis regular clouting of home runs
making him one of tbe most outstanding players in tlie American league.
(Associated Press Photo.)

Hang Greenberg, first baseman for the Detroit Tigers, has been a
mainstay in the Tiger batting camp, bis regular clouting of home runs
making him one of tbe most outstanding players in tlie American league.
(Associated Press Photo.)

Hang Greenberg, first baseman for the Detroit Tigers, has been a
mainstay in the Tiger batting camp, bis regular clouting of home runs
making him one of tbe most outstanding players in tlie American league.
(Associated Press Photo.)

Hang Greenberg, first baseman for the Detroit Tigers, has been a
mainstay in the Tiger batting camp, bis regular clouting of home runs
making him one of tbe most outstanding players in tlie American league.
(Associated Press Photo.)
