# California Seniors to Entertain
## 
### 
The Seniors of the University of
California have planned to entertain
the Stanford Seniors at luncheon to
morrow. The affair will take place in
Senior Hall immediately after the
baseball game.
The Seniors of the University of
California have planned to entertain
the Stanford Seniors at luncheon to
morrow. The affair will take place in
Senior Hall immediately after the
baseball game.
The Seniors of the University of
California have planned to entertain
the Stanford Seniors at luncheon to
morrow. The affair will take place in
Senior Hall immediately after the
baseball game.
The Seniors of the University of
California have planned to entertain
the Stanford Seniors at luncheon to
morrow. The affair will take place in
Senior Hall immediately after the
baseball game.
The Seniors of the University of
California have planned to entertain
the Stanford Seniors at luncheon to
morrow. The affair will take place in
Senior Hall immediately after the
baseball game.
The Seniors of the University of
California have planned to entertain
the Stanford Seniors at luncheon to
morrow. The affair will take place in
Senior Hall immediately after the
baseball game.
The Seniors of the University of
California have planned to entertain
the Stanford Seniors at luncheon to
morrow. The affair will take place in
Senior Hall immediately after the
baseball game.
The Seniors of the University of
California have planned to entertain
the Stanford Seniors at luncheon to
morrow. The affair will take place in
Senior Hall immediately after the
baseball game.
The Seniors of the University of
California have planned to entertain
the Stanford Seniors at luncheon to
morrow. The affair will take place in
Senior Hall immediately after the
baseball game.
