# BEAVERS PREP FOR IDAHO
## 
### 
CORVALLIS, Ore., Oct. 8 (UP).—
Oregon State's Beavers have been
facing Idaho plays in scrimmage this
week in preparation for the Dad's
Day tilt with the Vandals at Cor
vallis Saturday.
CORVALLIS, Ore., Oct. 8 (UP).—
Oregon State's Beavers have been
facing Idaho plays in scrimmage this
week in preparation for the Dad's
Day tilt with the Vandals at Cor
vallis Saturday.
CORVALLIS, Ore., Oct. 8 (UP).—
Oregon State's Beavers have been
facing Idaho plays in scrimmage this
week in preparation for the Dad's
Day tilt with the Vandals at Cor
vallis Saturday.
CORVALLIS, Ore., Oct. 8 (UP).—
Oregon State's Beavers have been
facing Idaho plays in scrimmage this
week in preparation for the Dad's
Day tilt with the Vandals at Cor
vallis Saturday.
CORVALLIS, Ore., Oct. 8 (UP).—
Oregon State's Beavers have been
facing Idaho plays in scrimmage this
week in preparation for the Dad's
Day tilt with the Vandals at Cor
vallis Saturday.
CORVALLIS, Ore., Oct. 8 (UP).—
Oregon State's Beavers have been
facing Idaho plays in scrimmage this
week in preparation for the Dad's
Day tilt with the Vandals at Cor
vallis Saturday.
CORVALLIS, Ore., Oct. 8 (UP).—
Oregon State's Beavers have been
facing Idaho plays in scrimmage this
week in preparation for the Dad's
Day tilt with the Vandals at Cor
vallis Saturday.
CORVALLIS, Ore., Oct. 8 (UP).—
Oregon State's Beavers have been
facing Idaho plays in scrimmage this
week in preparation for the Dad's
Day tilt with the Vandals at Cor
vallis Saturday.
CORVALLIS, Ore., Oct. 8 (UP).—
Oregon State's Beavers have been
facing Idaho plays in scrimmage this
week in preparation for the Dad's
Day tilt with the Vandals at Cor
vallis Saturday.
CORVALLIS, Ore., Oct. 8 (UP).—
Oregon State's Beavers have been
facing Idaho plays in scrimmage this
week in preparation for the Dad's
Day tilt with the Vandals at Cor
vallis Saturday.
CORVALLIS, Ore., Oct. 8 (UP).—
Oregon State's Beavers have been
facing Idaho plays in scrimmage this
week in preparation for the Dad's
Day tilt with the Vandals at Cor
vallis Saturday.
CORVALLIS, Ore., Oct. 8 (UP).—
Oregon State's Beavers have been
facing Idaho plays in scrimmage this
week in preparation for the Dad's
Day tilt with the Vandals at Cor
vallis Saturday.
CORVALLIS, Ore., Oct. 8 (UP).—
Oregon State's Beavers have been
facing Idaho plays in scrimmage this
week in preparation for the Dad's
Day tilt with the Vandals at Cor
vallis Saturday.
CORVALLIS, Ore., Oct. 8 (UP).—
Oregon State's Beavers have been
facing Idaho plays in scrimmage this
week in preparation for the Dad's
Day tilt with the Vandals at Cor
vallis Saturday.
CORVALLIS, Ore., Oct. 8 (UP).—
Oregon State's Beavers have been
facing Idaho plays in scrimmage this
week in preparation for the Dad's
Day tilt with the Vandals at Cor
vallis Saturday.
CORVALLIS, Ore., Oct. 8 (UP).—
Oregon State's Beavers have been
facing Idaho plays in scrimmage this
week in preparation for the Dad's
Day tilt with the Vandals at Cor
vallis Saturday.
