# Enroll 19 New Pupils From China
## 
### 
Thirty-one of the 49 new foreign
students who have registered this
quarter are from Asiatic countries,
H. Donald Winbigler, registrar, an
nounced yesterday.
China topped the list of new stu
dents with a representation of 19,
India following with eight. Turkey,
with three students, and Iran with
one, complete the delegation from
Asia.
Winbigler also pointed that
nine students from Latin America
came to Stanford this quarter.
Three are from Peru, two each from
Costa Rica and Venezuela, and one
from Mexico and another from Guat
emala.
Six new students represent six dif
ferent European nations—England,
Switzerland, France, the Nether
lands, Greece, and Sweden. Another
student, from Canada, is formerly
from Austria.
All new foreign students must
appear before the Foreign Students
Committee, said Winbigler. They are
required to pass examinations in
written and spoken English. They
must understand spoken English,
write the language acceptably, and
speak well enough to make them
selves understood.
If the foreign students do not
pass the examinations with a suffi
ciently high score, they are assigned
to one or more of three special
courses designed to assist them to
obtain a more llucnt and idiomatic
control of* English, he said.
Thirty-one of the 49 new foreign
students who have registered this
quarter are from Asiatic countries,
H. Donald Winbigler, registrar, an
nounced yesterday.
China topped the list of new stu
dents with a representation of 19,
India following with eight. Turkey,
with three students, and Iran with
one, complete the delegation from
Asia.
Winbigler also pointed that
nine students from Latin America
came to Stanford this quarter.
Three are from Peru, two each from
Costa Rica and Venezuela, and one
from Mexico and another from Guat
emala.
Six new students represent six dif
ferent European nations—England,
Switzerland, France, the Nether
lands, Greece, and Sweden. Another
student, from Canada, is formerly
from Austria.
All new foreign students must
appear before the Foreign Students
Committee, said Winbigler. They are
required to pass examinations in
written and spoken English. They
must understand spoken English,
write the language acceptably, and
speak well enough to make them
selves understood.
If the foreign students do not
pass the examinations with a suffi
ciently high score, they are assigned
to one or more of three special
courses designed to assist them to
obtain a more llucnt and idiomatic
control of* English, he said.
Thirty-one of the 49 new foreign
students who have registered this
quarter are from Asiatic countries,
H. Donald Winbigler, registrar, an
nounced yesterday.
China topped the list of new stu
dents with a representation of 19,
India following with eight. Turkey,
with three students, and Iran with
one, complete the delegation from
Asia.
Winbigler also pointed that
nine students from Latin America
came to Stanford this quarter.
Three are from Peru, two each from
Costa Rica and Venezuela, and one
from Mexico and another from Guat
emala.
Six new students represent six dif
ferent European nations—England,
Switzerland, France, the Nether
lands, Greece, and Sweden. Another
student, from Canada, is formerly
from Austria.
All new foreign students must
appear before the Foreign Students
Committee, said Winbigler. They are
required to pass examinations in
written and spoken English. They
must understand spoken English,
write the language acceptably, and
speak well enough to make them
selves understood.
If the foreign students do not
pass the examinations with a suffi
ciently high score, they are assigned
to one or more of three special
courses designed to assist them to
obtain a more llucnt and idiomatic
control of* English, he said.
Thirty-one of the 49 new foreign
students who have registered this
quarter are from Asiatic countries,
H. Donald Winbigler, registrar, an
nounced yesterday.
China topped the list of new stu
dents with a representation of 19,
India following with eight. Turkey,
with three students, and Iran with
one, complete the delegation from
Asia.
Winbigler also pointed that
nine students from Latin America
came to Stanford this quarter.
Three are from Peru, two each from
Costa Rica and Venezuela, and one
from Mexico and another from Guat
emala.
Six new students represent six dif
ferent European nations—England,
Switzerland, France, the Nether
lands, Greece, and Sweden. Another
student, from Canada, is formerly
from Austria.
All new foreign students must
appear before the Foreign Students
Committee, said Winbigler. They are
required to pass examinations in
written and spoken English. They
must understand spoken English,
write the language acceptably, and
speak well enough to make them
selves understood.
If the foreign students do not
pass the examinations with a suffi
ciently high score, they are assigned
to one or more of three special
courses designed to assist them to
obtain a more llucnt and idiomatic
control of* English, he said.
Thirty-one of the 49 new foreign
students who have registered this
quarter are from Asiatic countries,
H. Donald Winbigler, registrar, an
nounced yesterday.
China topped the list of new stu
dents with a representation of 19,
India following with eight. Turkey,
with three students, and Iran with
one, complete the delegation from
Asia.
Winbigler also pointed that
nine students from Latin America
came to Stanford this quarter.
Three are from Peru, two each from
Costa Rica and Venezuela, and one
from Mexico and another from Guat
emala.
Six new students represent six dif
ferent European nations—England,
Switzerland, France, the Nether
lands, Greece, and Sweden. Another
student, from Canada, is formerly
from Austria.
All new foreign students must
appear before the Foreign Students
Committee, said Winbigler. They are
required to pass examinations in
written and spoken English. They
must understand spoken English,
write the language acceptably, and
speak well enough to make them
selves understood.
If the foreign students do not
pass the examinations with a suffi
ciently high score, they are assigned
to one or more of three special
courses designed to assist them to
obtain a more llucnt and idiomatic
control of* English, he said.
Thirty-one of the 49 new foreign
students who have registered this
quarter are from Asiatic countries,
H. Donald Winbigler, registrar, an
nounced yesterday.
China topped the list of new stu
dents with a representation of 19,
India following with eight. Turkey,
with three students, and Iran with
one, complete the delegation from
Asia.
Winbigler also pointed that
nine students from Latin America
came to Stanford this quarter.
Three are from Peru, two each from
Costa Rica and Venezuela, and one
from Mexico and another from Guat
emala.
Six new students represent six dif
ferent European nations—England,
Switzerland, France, the Nether
lands, Greece, and Sweden. Another
student, from Canada, is formerly
from Austria.
All new foreign students must
appear before the Foreign Students
Committee, said Winbigler. They are
required to pass examinations in
written and spoken English. They
must understand spoken English,
write the language acceptably, and
speak well enough to make them
selves understood.
If the foreign students do not
pass the examinations with a suffi
ciently high score, they are assigned
to one or more of three special
courses designed to assist them to
obtain a more llucnt and idiomatic
control of* English, he said.
Thirty-one of the 49 new foreign
students who have registered this
quarter are from Asiatic countries,
H. Donald Winbigler, registrar, an
nounced yesterday.
China topped the list of new stu
dents with a representation of 19,
India following with eight. Turkey,
with three students, and Iran with
one, complete the delegation from
Asia.
Winbigler also pointed that
nine students from Latin America
came to Stanford this quarter.
Three are from Peru, two each from
Costa Rica and Venezuela, and one
from Mexico and another from Guat
emala.
Six new students represent six dif
ferent European nations—England,
Switzerland, France, the Nether
lands, Greece, and Sweden. Another
student, from Canada, is formerly
from Austria.
All new foreign students must
appear before the Foreign Students
Committee, said Winbigler. They are
required to pass examinations in
written and spoken English. They
must understand spoken English,
write the language acceptably, and
speak well enough to make them
selves understood.
If the foreign students do not
pass the examinations with a suffi
ciently high score, they are assigned
to one or more of three special
courses designed to assist them to
obtain a more llucnt and idiomatic
control of* English, he said.
Thirty-one of the 49 new foreign
students who have registered this
quarter are from Asiatic countries,
H. Donald Winbigler, registrar, an
nounced yesterday.
China topped the list of new stu
dents with a representation of 19,
India following with eight. Turkey,
with three students, and Iran with
one, complete the delegation from
Asia.
Winbigler also pointed that
nine students from Latin America
came to Stanford this quarter.
Three are from Peru, two each from
Costa Rica and Venezuela, and one
from Mexico and another from Guat
emala.
Six new students represent six dif
ferent European nations—England,
Switzerland, France, the Nether
lands, Greece, and Sweden. Another
student, from Canada, is formerly
from Austria.
All new foreign students must
appear before the Foreign Students
Committee, said Winbigler. They are
required to pass examinations in
written and spoken English. They
must understand spoken English,
write the language acceptably, and
speak well enough to make them
selves understood.
If the foreign students do not
pass the examinations with a suffi
ciently high score, they are assigned
to one or more of three special
courses designed to assist them to
obtain a more llucnt and idiomatic
control of* English, he said.
Thirty-one of the 49 new foreign
students who have registered this
quarter are from Asiatic countries,
H. Donald Winbigler, registrar, an
nounced yesterday.
China topped the list of new stu
dents with a representation of 19,
India following with eight. Turkey,
with three students, and Iran with
one, complete the delegation from
Asia.
Winbigler also pointed that
nine students from Latin America
came to Stanford this quarter.
Three are from Peru, two each from
Costa Rica and Venezuela, and one
from Mexico and another from Guat
emala.
Six new students represent six dif
ferent European nations—England,
Switzerland, France, the Nether
lands, Greece, and Sweden. Another
student, from Canada, is formerly
from Austria.
All new foreign students must
appear before the Foreign Students
Committee, said Winbigler. They are
required to pass examinations in
written and spoken English. They
must understand spoken English,
write the language acceptably, and
speak well enough to make them
selves understood.
If the foreign students do not
pass the examinations with a suffi
ciently high score, they are assigned
to one or more of three special
courses designed to assist them to
obtain a more llucnt and idiomatic
control of* English, he said.
Thirty-one of the 49 new foreign
students who have registered this
quarter are from Asiatic countries,
H. Donald Winbigler, registrar, an
nounced yesterday.
China topped the list of new stu
dents with a representation of 19,
India following with eight. Turkey,
with three students, and Iran with
one, complete the delegation from
Asia.
Winbigler also pointed that
nine students from Latin America
came to Stanford this quarter.
Three are from Peru, two each from
Costa Rica and Venezuela, and one
from Mexico and another from Guat
emala.
Six new students represent six dif
ferent European nations—England,
Switzerland, France, the Nether
lands, Greece, and Sweden. Another
student, from Canada, is formerly
from Austria.
All new foreign students must
appear before the Foreign Students
Committee, said Winbigler. They are
required to pass examinations in
written and spoken English. They
must understand spoken English,
write the language acceptably, and
speak well enough to make them
selves understood.
If the foreign students do not
pass the examinations with a suffi
ciently high score, they are assigned
to one or more of three special
courses designed to assist them to
obtain a more llucnt and idiomatic
control of* English, he said.
Thirty-one of the 49 new foreign
students who have registered this
quarter are from Asiatic countries,
H. Donald Winbigler, registrar, an
nounced yesterday.
China topped the list of new stu
dents with a representation of 19,
India following with eight. Turkey,
with three students, and Iran with
one, complete the delegation from
Asia.
Winbigler also pointed that
nine students from Latin America
came to Stanford this quarter.
Three are from Peru, two each from
Costa Rica and Venezuela, and one
from Mexico and another from Guat
emala.
Six new students represent six dif
ferent European nations—England,
Switzerland, France, the Nether
lands, Greece, and Sweden. Another
student, from Canada, is formerly
from Austria.
All new foreign students must
appear before the Foreign Students
Committee, said Winbigler. They are
required to pass examinations in
written and spoken English. They
must understand spoken English,
write the language acceptably, and
speak well enough to make them
selves understood.
If the foreign students do not
pass the examinations with a suffi
ciently high score, they are assigned
to one or more of three special
courses designed to assist them to
obtain a more llucnt and idiomatic
control of* English, he said.
Thirty-one of the 49 new foreign
students who have registered this
quarter are from Asiatic countries,
H. Donald Winbigler, registrar, an
nounced yesterday.
China topped the list of new stu
dents with a representation of 19,
India following with eight. Turkey,
with three students, and Iran with
one, complete the delegation from
Asia.
Winbigler also pointed that
nine students from Latin America
came to Stanford this quarter.
Three are from Peru, two each from
Costa Rica and Venezuela, and one
from Mexico and another from Guat
emala.
Six new students represent six dif
ferent European nations—England,
Switzerland, France, the Nether
lands, Greece, and Sweden. Another
student, from Canada, is formerly
from Austria.
All new foreign students must
appear before the Foreign Students
Committee, said Winbigler. They are
required to pass examinations in
written and spoken English. They
must understand spoken English,
write the language acceptably, and
speak well enough to make them
selves understood.
If the foreign students do not
pass the examinations with a suffi
ciently high score, they are assigned
to one or more of three special
courses designed to assist them to
obtain a more llucnt and idiomatic
control of* English, he said.
Thirty-one of the 49 new foreign
students who have registered this
quarter are from Asiatic countries,
H. Donald Winbigler, registrar, an
nounced yesterday.
China topped the list of new stu
dents with a representation of 19,
India following with eight. Turkey,
with three students, and Iran with
one, complete the delegation from
Asia.
Winbigler also pointed that
nine students from Latin America
came to Stanford this quarter.
Three are from Peru, two each from
Costa Rica and Venezuela, and one
from Mexico and another from Guat
emala.
Six new students represent six dif
ferent European nations—England,
Switzerland, France, the Nether
lands, Greece, and Sweden. Another
student, from Canada, is formerly
from Austria.
All new foreign students must
appear before the Foreign Students
Committee, said Winbigler. They are
required to pass examinations in
written and spoken English. They
must understand spoken English,
write the language acceptably, and
speak well enough to make them
selves understood.
If the foreign students do not
pass the examinations with a suffi
ciently high score, they are assigned
to one or more of three special
courses designed to assist them to
obtain a more llucnt and idiomatic
control of* English, he said.
Thirty-one of the 49 new foreign
students who have registered this
quarter are from Asiatic countries,
H. Donald Winbigler, registrar, an
nounced yesterday.
China topped the list of new stu
dents with a representation of 19,
India following with eight. Turkey,
with three students, and Iran with
one, complete the delegation from
Asia.
Winbigler also pointed that
nine students from Latin America
came to Stanford this quarter.
Three are from Peru, two each from
Costa Rica and Venezuela, and one
from Mexico and another from Guat
emala.
Six new students represent six dif
ferent European nations—England,
Switzerland, France, the Nether
lands, Greece, and Sweden. Another
student, from Canada, is formerly
from Austria.
All new foreign students must
appear before the Foreign Students
Committee, said Winbigler. They are
required to pass examinations in
written and spoken English. They
must understand spoken English,
write the language acceptably, and
speak well enough to make them
selves understood.
If the foreign students do not
pass the examinations with a suffi
ciently high score, they are assigned
to one or more of three special
courses designed to assist them to
obtain a more llucnt and idiomatic
control of* English, he said.
Thirty-one of the 49 new foreign
students who have registered this
quarter are from Asiatic countries,
H. Donald Winbigler, registrar, an
nounced yesterday.
China topped the list of new stu
dents with a representation of 19,
India following with eight. Turkey,
with three students, and Iran with
one, complete the delegation from
Asia.
Winbigler also pointed that
nine students from Latin America
came to Stanford this quarter.
Three are from Peru, two each from
Costa Rica and Venezuela, and one
from Mexico and another from Guat
emala.
Six new students represent six dif
ferent European nations—England,
Switzerland, France, the Nether
lands, Greece, and Sweden. Another
student, from Canada, is formerly
from Austria.
All new foreign students must
appear before the Foreign Students
Committee, said Winbigler. They are
required to pass examinations in
written and spoken English. They
must understand spoken English,
write the language acceptably, and
speak well enough to make them
selves understood.
If the foreign students do not
pass the examinations with a suffi
ciently high score, they are assigned
to one or more of three special
courses designed to assist them to
obtain a more llucnt and idiomatic
control of* English, he said.
Thirty-one of the 49 new foreign
students who have registered this
quarter are from Asiatic countries,
H. Donald Winbigler, registrar, an
nounced yesterday.
China topped the list of new stu
dents with a representation of 19,
India following with eight. Turkey,
with three students, and Iran with
one, complete the delegation from
Asia.
Winbigler also pointed that
nine students from Latin America
came to Stanford this quarter.
Three are from Peru, two each from
Costa Rica and Venezuela, and one
from Mexico and another from Guat
emala.
Six new students represent six dif
ferent European nations—England,
Switzerland, France, the Nether
lands, Greece, and Sweden. Another
student, from Canada, is formerly
from Austria.
All new foreign students must
appear before the Foreign Students
Committee, said Winbigler. They are
required to pass examinations in
written and spoken English. They
must understand spoken English,
write the language acceptably, and
speak well enough to make them
selves understood.
If the foreign students do not
pass the examinations with a suffi
ciently high score, they are assigned
to one or more of three special
courses designed to assist them to
obtain a more llucnt and idiomatic
control of* English, he said.
