# Linda McCartney dies at 56
## 
### 

Reuters
Linda McCartney, the American photographer and wife of former Beatle Sir Paul McCartney, died from cancer on
Friday, reported a spokesperson for the star yesterday. McCartney was 56. She had been suffering from breast
cancer which had spread to her liver. McCartney's husband and children were with her in Santa Barbara at the time
of her death. Here McCartney is pictured with her husband Paul before fans at the beginning of a 1993 press con
ference in London to discuss a show-business school he planned to build in Liverpool.

Reuters
Linda McCartney, the American photographer and wife of former Beatle Sir Paul McCartney, died from cancer on
Friday, reported a spokesperson for the star yesterday. McCartney was 56. She had been suffering from breast
cancer which had spread to her liver. McCartney's husband and children were with her in Santa Barbara at the time
of her death. Here McCartney is pictured with her husband Paul before fans at the beginning of a 1993 press con
ference in London to discuss a show-business school he planned to build in Liverpool.

Reuters
Linda McCartney, the American photographer and wife of former Beatle Sir Paul McCartney, died from cancer on
Friday, reported a spokesperson for the star yesterday. McCartney was 56. She had been suffering from breast
cancer which had spread to her liver. McCartney's husband and children were with her in Santa Barbara at the time
of her death. Here McCartney is pictured with her husband Paul before fans at the beginning of a 1993 press con
ference in London to discuss a show-business school he planned to build in Liverpool.

Reuters
Linda McCartney, the American photographer and wife of former Beatle Sir Paul McCartney, died from cancer on
Friday, reported a spokesperson for the star yesterday. McCartney was 56. She had been suffering from breast
cancer which had spread to her liver. McCartney's husband and children were with her in Santa Barbara at the time
of her death. Here McCartney is pictured with her husband Paul before fans at the beginning of a 1993 press con
ference in London to discuss a show-business school he planned to build in Liverpool.

Reuters
Linda McCartney, the American photographer and wife of former Beatle Sir Paul McCartney, died from cancer on
Friday, reported a spokesperson for the star yesterday. McCartney was 56. She had been suffering from breast
cancer which had spread to her liver. McCartney's husband and children were with her in Santa Barbara at the time
of her death. Here McCartney is pictured with her husband Paul before fans at the beginning of a 1993 press con
ference in London to discuss a show-business school he planned to build in Liverpool.
