# UNIVERSITY ORCHESTRA REGISTRATION TONIGHT
## 
### 
The first meeting of the University
Orchestra for the winter quarter will
he held in Room S4 at 7 o'clock to
night. All former members of the
orchestra are requested to report for
registration, and new students with
orchestral experience will be permit
tod fo try out. Only standard concert
Instruments can he used. There is no
vacancy for piano or harp.
The first meeting of the University
Orchestra for the winter quarter will
he held in Room S4 at 7 o'clock to
night. All former members of the
orchestra are requested to report for
registration, and new students with
orchestral experience will be permit
tod fo try out. Only standard concert
Instruments can he used. There is no
vacancy for piano or harp.
The first meeting of the University
Orchestra for the winter quarter will
he held in Room S4 at 7 o'clock to
night. All former members of the
orchestra are requested to report for
registration, and new students with
orchestral experience will be permit
tod fo try out. Only standard concert
Instruments can he used. There is no
vacancy for piano or harp.
The first meeting of the University
Orchestra for the winter quarter will
he held in Room S4 at 7 o'clock to
night. All former members of the
orchestra are requested to report for
registration, and new students with
orchestral experience will be permit
tod fo try out. Only standard concert
Instruments can he used. There is no
vacancy for piano or harp.
The first meeting of the University
Orchestra for the winter quarter will
he held in Room S4 at 7 o'clock to
night. All former members of the
orchestra are requested to report for
registration, and new students with
orchestral experience will be permit
tod fo try out. Only standard concert
Instruments can he used. There is no
vacancy for piano or harp.
The first meeting of the University
Orchestra for the winter quarter will
he held in Room S4 at 7 o'clock to
night. All former members of the
orchestra are requested to report for
registration, and new students with
orchestral experience will be permit
tod fo try out. Only standard concert
Instruments can he used. There is no
vacancy for piano or harp.
The first meeting of the University
Orchestra for the winter quarter will
he held in Room S4 at 7 o'clock to
night. All former members of the
orchestra are requested to report for
registration, and new students with
orchestral experience will be permit
tod fo try out. Only standard concert
Instruments can he used. There is no
vacancy for piano or harp.
The first meeting of the University
Orchestra for the winter quarter will
he held in Room S4 at 7 o'clock to
night. All former members of the
orchestra are requested to report for
registration, and new students with
orchestral experience will be permit
tod fo try out. Only standard concert
Instruments can he used. There is no
vacancy for piano or harp.
The first meeting of the University
Orchestra for the winter quarter will
he held in Room S4 at 7 o'clock to
night. All former members of the
orchestra are requested to report for
registration, and new students with
orchestral experience will be permit
tod fo try out. Only standard concert
Instruments can he used. There is no
vacancy for piano or harp.
The first meeting of the University
Orchestra for the winter quarter will
he held in Room S4 at 7 o'clock to
night. All former members of the
orchestra are requested to report for
registration, and new students with
orchestral experience will be permit
tod fo try out. Only standard concert
Instruments can he used. There is no
vacancy for piano or harp.
The first meeting of the University
Orchestra for the winter quarter will
he held in Room S4 at 7 o'clock to
night. All former members of the
orchestra are requested to report for
registration, and new students with
orchestral experience will be permit
tod fo try out. Only standard concert
Instruments can he used. There is no
vacancy for piano or harp.
The first meeting of the University
Orchestra for the winter quarter will
he held in Room S4 at 7 o'clock to
night. All former members of the
orchestra are requested to report for
registration, and new students with
orchestral experience will be permit
tod fo try out. Only standard concert
Instruments can he used. There is no
vacancy for piano or harp.
The first meeting of the University
Orchestra for the winter quarter will
he held in Room S4 at 7 o'clock to
night. All former members of the
orchestra are requested to report for
registration, and new students with
orchestral experience will be permit
tod fo try out. Only standard concert
Instruments can he used. There is no
vacancy for piano or harp.
The first meeting of the University
Orchestra for the winter quarter will
he held in Room S4 at 7 o'clock to
night. All former members of the
orchestra are requested to report for
registration, and new students with
orchestral experience will be permit
tod fo try out. Only standard concert
Instruments can he used. There is no
vacancy for piano or harp.
The first meeting of the University
Orchestra for the winter quarter will
he held in Room S4 at 7 o'clock to
night. All former members of the
orchestra are requested to report for
registration, and new students with
orchestral experience will be permit
tod fo try out. Only standard concert
Instruments can he used. There is no
vacancy for piano or harp.
The first meeting of the University
Orchestra for the winter quarter will
he held in Room S4 at 7 o'clock to
night. All former members of the
orchestra are requested to report for
registration, and new students with
orchestral experience will be permit
tod fo try out. Only standard concert
Instruments can he used. There is no
vacancy for piano or harp.
