# BIG CROWD ACCLAIMS LINDBERGH'S ARRIVAL IN TEGUCIGALPA CITY
## 
### 
TEGUCIGALPA, Honduras, Jan. 3.—
(U.P.) —Amid the hoarse cheers of the
multitude, Colonel Charles A. Lindbergh
arrived in Tegucigalpa today, completing
the fourth and shortest stage of the Cen
tral American Good Will Tour. Lind- j
bcrgh's flight brought him close to the
Nicaraguan border, less than fifty miles
from where United States Marines were
attacked Friday and Sunday by Nica
ragua!) insurrectionists. •
The flier covered the 140 miles between
San Salvador and Tegucigalpa in 2 hours
and 10 minutes—an average of less than
70 miles an hour, the slowest speed of
any of his Central American flights.
Heavy winds, light rain and clouds have
delayed Lindbergh's departure from San
Salvador for more than an hour, and it
was believed that adverse weather had
slowed up the Spirit of St. Louis en
route.
I
TEGUCIGALPA, Honduras, Jan. 3.—
(U.P.) —Amid the hoarse cheers of the
multitude, Colonel Charles A. Lindbergh
arrived in Tegucigalpa today, completing
the fourth and shortest stage of the Cen
tral American Good Will Tour. Lind- j
bcrgh's flight brought him close to the
Nicaraguan border, less than fifty miles
from where United States Marines were
attacked Friday and Sunday by Nica
ragua!) insurrectionists. •
The flier covered the 140 miles between
San Salvador and Tegucigalpa in 2 hours
and 10 minutes—an average of less than
70 miles an hour, the slowest speed of
any of his Central American flights.
Heavy winds, light rain and clouds have
delayed Lindbergh's departure from San
Salvador for more than an hour, and it
was believed that adverse weather had
slowed up the Spirit of St. Louis en
route.
I
TEGUCIGALPA, Honduras, Jan. 3.—
(U.P.) —Amid the hoarse cheers of the
multitude, Colonel Charles A. Lindbergh
arrived in Tegucigalpa today, completing
the fourth and shortest stage of the Cen
tral American Good Will Tour. Lind- j
bcrgh's flight brought him close to the
Nicaraguan border, less than fifty miles
from where United States Marines were
attacked Friday and Sunday by Nica
ragua!) insurrectionists. •
The flier covered the 140 miles between
San Salvador and Tegucigalpa in 2 hours
and 10 minutes—an average of less than
70 miles an hour, the slowest speed of
any of his Central American flights.
Heavy winds, light rain and clouds have
delayed Lindbergh's departure from San
Salvador for more than an hour, and it
was believed that adverse weather had
slowed up the Spirit of St. Louis en
route.
I
TEGUCIGALPA, Honduras, Jan. 3.—
(U.P.) —Amid the hoarse cheers of the
multitude, Colonel Charles A. Lindbergh
arrived in Tegucigalpa today, completing
the fourth and shortest stage of the Cen
tral American Good Will Tour. Lind- j
bcrgh's flight brought him close to the
Nicaraguan border, less than fifty miles
from where United States Marines were
attacked Friday and Sunday by Nica
ragua!) insurrectionists. •
The flier covered the 140 miles between
San Salvador and Tegucigalpa in 2 hours
and 10 minutes—an average of less than
70 miles an hour, the slowest speed of
any of his Central American flights.
Heavy winds, light rain and clouds have
delayed Lindbergh's departure from San
Salvador for more than an hour, and it
was believed that adverse weather had
slowed up the Spirit of St. Louis en
route.
I
TEGUCIGALPA, Honduras, Jan. 3.—
(U.P.) —Amid the hoarse cheers of the
multitude, Colonel Charles A. Lindbergh
arrived in Tegucigalpa today, completing
the fourth and shortest stage of the Cen
tral American Good Will Tour. Lind- j
bcrgh's flight brought him close to the
Nicaraguan border, less than fifty miles
from where United States Marines were
attacked Friday and Sunday by Nica
ragua!) insurrectionists. •
The flier covered the 140 miles between
San Salvador and Tegucigalpa in 2 hours
and 10 minutes—an average of less than
70 miles an hour, the slowest speed of
any of his Central American flights.
Heavy winds, light rain and clouds have
delayed Lindbergh's departure from San
Salvador for more than an hour, and it
was believed that adverse weather had
slowed up the Spirit of St. Louis en
route.
I
TEGUCIGALPA, Honduras, Jan. 3.—
(U.P.) —Amid the hoarse cheers of the
multitude, Colonel Charles A. Lindbergh
arrived in Tegucigalpa today, completing
the fourth and shortest stage of the Cen
tral American Good Will Tour. Lind- j
bcrgh's flight brought him close to the
Nicaraguan border, less than fifty miles
from where United States Marines were
attacked Friday and Sunday by Nica
ragua!) insurrectionists. •
The flier covered the 140 miles between
San Salvador and Tegucigalpa in 2 hours
and 10 minutes—an average of less than
70 miles an hour, the slowest speed of
any of his Central American flights.
Heavy winds, light rain and clouds have
delayed Lindbergh's departure from San
Salvador for more than an hour, and it
was believed that adverse weather had
slowed up the Spirit of St. Louis en
route.
I
TEGUCIGALPA, Honduras, Jan. 3.—
(U.P.) —Amid the hoarse cheers of the
multitude, Colonel Charles A. Lindbergh
arrived in Tegucigalpa today, completing
the fourth and shortest stage of the Cen
tral American Good Will Tour. Lind- j
bcrgh's flight brought him close to the
Nicaraguan border, less than fifty miles
from where United States Marines were
attacked Friday and Sunday by Nica
ragua!) insurrectionists. •
The flier covered the 140 miles between
San Salvador and Tegucigalpa in 2 hours
and 10 minutes—an average of less than
70 miles an hour, the slowest speed of
any of his Central American flights.
Heavy winds, light rain and clouds have
delayed Lindbergh's departure from San
Salvador for more than an hour, and it
was believed that adverse weather had
slowed up the Spirit of St. Louis en
route.
I
TEGUCIGALPA, Honduras, Jan. 3.—
(U.P.) —Amid the hoarse cheers of the
multitude, Colonel Charles A. Lindbergh
arrived in Tegucigalpa today, completing
the fourth and shortest stage of the Cen
tral American Good Will Tour. Lind- j
bcrgh's flight brought him close to the
Nicaraguan border, less than fifty miles
from where United States Marines were
attacked Friday and Sunday by Nica
ragua!) insurrectionists. •
The flier covered the 140 miles between
San Salvador and Tegucigalpa in 2 hours
and 10 minutes—an average of less than
70 miles an hour, the slowest speed of
any of his Central American flights.
Heavy winds, light rain and clouds have
delayed Lindbergh's departure from San
Salvador for more than an hour, and it
was believed that adverse weather had
slowed up the Spirit of St. Louis en
route.
I
TEGUCIGALPA, Honduras, Jan. 3.—
(U.P.) —Amid the hoarse cheers of the
multitude, Colonel Charles A. Lindbergh
arrived in Tegucigalpa today, completing
the fourth and shortest stage of the Cen
tral American Good Will Tour. Lind- j
bcrgh's flight brought him close to the
Nicaraguan border, less than fifty miles
from where United States Marines were
attacked Friday and Sunday by Nica
ragua!) insurrectionists. •
The flier covered the 140 miles between
San Salvador and Tegucigalpa in 2 hours
and 10 minutes—an average of less than
70 miles an hour, the slowest speed of
any of his Central American flights.
Heavy winds, light rain and clouds have
delayed Lindbergh's departure from San
Salvador for more than an hour, and it
was believed that adverse weather had
slowed up the Spirit of St. Louis en
route.
I
TEGUCIGALPA, Honduras, Jan. 3.—
(U.P.) —Amid the hoarse cheers of the
multitude, Colonel Charles A. Lindbergh
arrived in Tegucigalpa today, completing
the fourth and shortest stage of the Cen
tral American Good Will Tour. Lind- j
bcrgh's flight brought him close to the
Nicaraguan border, less than fifty miles
from where United States Marines were
attacked Friday and Sunday by Nica
ragua!) insurrectionists. •
The flier covered the 140 miles between
San Salvador and Tegucigalpa in 2 hours
and 10 minutes—an average of less than
70 miles an hour, the slowest speed of
any of his Central American flights.
Heavy winds, light rain and clouds have
delayed Lindbergh's departure from San
Salvador for more than an hour, and it
was believed that adverse weather had
slowed up the Spirit of St. Louis en
route.
I
TEGUCIGALPA, Honduras, Jan. 3.—
(U.P.) —Amid the hoarse cheers of the
multitude, Colonel Charles A. Lindbergh
arrived in Tegucigalpa today, completing
the fourth and shortest stage of the Cen
tral American Good Will Tour. Lind- j
bcrgh's flight brought him close to the
Nicaraguan border, less than fifty miles
from where United States Marines were
attacked Friday and Sunday by Nica
ragua!) insurrectionists. •
The flier covered the 140 miles between
San Salvador and Tegucigalpa in 2 hours
and 10 minutes—an average of less than
70 miles an hour, the slowest speed of
any of his Central American flights.
Heavy winds, light rain and clouds have
delayed Lindbergh's departure from San
Salvador for more than an hour, and it
was believed that adverse weather had
slowed up the Spirit of St. Louis en
route.
I
TEGUCIGALPA, Honduras, Jan. 3.—
(U.P.) —Amid the hoarse cheers of the
multitude, Colonel Charles A. Lindbergh
arrived in Tegucigalpa today, completing
the fourth and shortest stage of the Cen
tral American Good Will Tour. Lind- j
bcrgh's flight brought him close to the
Nicaraguan border, less than fifty miles
from where United States Marines were
attacked Friday and Sunday by Nica
ragua!) insurrectionists. •
The flier covered the 140 miles between
San Salvador and Tegucigalpa in 2 hours
and 10 minutes—an average of less than
70 miles an hour, the slowest speed of
any of his Central American flights.
Heavy winds, light rain and clouds have
delayed Lindbergh's departure from San
Salvador for more than an hour, and it
was believed that adverse weather had
slowed up the Spirit of St. Louis en
route.
I
TEGUCIGALPA, Honduras, Jan. 3.—
(U.P.) —Amid the hoarse cheers of the
multitude, Colonel Charles A. Lindbergh
arrived in Tegucigalpa today, completing
the fourth and shortest stage of the Cen
tral American Good Will Tour. Lind- j
bcrgh's flight brought him close to the
Nicaraguan border, less than fifty miles
from where United States Marines were
attacked Friday and Sunday by Nica
ragua!) insurrectionists. •
The flier covered the 140 miles between
San Salvador and Tegucigalpa in 2 hours
and 10 minutes—an average of less than
70 miles an hour, the slowest speed of
any of his Central American flights.
Heavy winds, light rain and clouds have
delayed Lindbergh's departure from San
Salvador for more than an hour, and it
was believed that adverse weather had
slowed up the Spirit of St. Louis en
route.
I
TEGUCIGALPA, Honduras, Jan. 3.—
(U.P.) —Amid the hoarse cheers of the
multitude, Colonel Charles A. Lindbergh
arrived in Tegucigalpa today, completing
the fourth and shortest stage of the Cen
tral American Good Will Tour. Lind- j
bcrgh's flight brought him close to the
Nicaraguan border, less than fifty miles
from where United States Marines were
attacked Friday and Sunday by Nica
ragua!) insurrectionists. •
The flier covered the 140 miles between
San Salvador and Tegucigalpa in 2 hours
and 10 minutes—an average of less than
70 miles an hour, the slowest speed of
any of his Central American flights.
Heavy winds, light rain and clouds have
delayed Lindbergh's departure from San
Salvador for more than an hour, and it
was believed that adverse weather had
slowed up the Spirit of St. Louis en
route.
I
TEGUCIGALPA, Honduras, Jan. 3.—
(U.P.) —Amid the hoarse cheers of the
multitude, Colonel Charles A. Lindbergh
arrived in Tegucigalpa today, completing
the fourth and shortest stage of the Cen
tral American Good Will Tour. Lind- j
bcrgh's flight brought him close to the
Nicaraguan border, less than fifty miles
from where United States Marines were
attacked Friday and Sunday by Nica
ragua!) insurrectionists. •
The flier covered the 140 miles between
San Salvador and Tegucigalpa in 2 hours
and 10 minutes—an average of less than
70 miles an hour, the slowest speed of
any of his Central American flights.
Heavy winds, light rain and clouds have
delayed Lindbergh's departure from San
Salvador for more than an hour, and it
was believed that adverse weather had
slowed up the Spirit of St. Louis en
route.
I
TEGUCIGALPA, Honduras, Jan. 3.—
(U.P.) —Amid the hoarse cheers of the
multitude, Colonel Charles A. Lindbergh
arrived in Tegucigalpa today, completing
the fourth and shortest stage of the Cen
tral American Good Will Tour. Lind- j
bcrgh's flight brought him close to the
Nicaraguan border, less than fifty miles
from where United States Marines were
attacked Friday and Sunday by Nica
ragua!) insurrectionists. •
The flier covered the 140 miles between
San Salvador and Tegucigalpa in 2 hours
and 10 minutes—an average of less than
70 miles an hour, the slowest speed of
any of his Central American flights.
Heavy winds, light rain and clouds have
delayed Lindbergh's departure from San
Salvador for more than an hour, and it
was believed that adverse weather had
slowed up the Spirit of St. Louis en
route.
I
