# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Kansas University students have
taken steps to include duelling In
their physical education curriculum.
Kansas University students have
taken steps to include duelling In
their physical education curriculum.
Kansas University students have
taken steps to include duelling In
their physical education curriculum.
Kansas University students have
taken steps to include duelling In
their physical education curriculum.
Kansas University students have
taken steps to include duelling In
their physical education curriculum.
Kansas University students have
taken steps to include duelling In
their physical education curriculum.
Kansas University students have
taken steps to include duelling In
their physical education curriculum.
Kansas University students have
taken steps to include duelling In
their physical education curriculum.
Kansas University students have
taken steps to include duelling In
their physical education curriculum.
Kansas University students have
taken steps to include duelling In
their physical education curriculum.
Kansas University students have
taken steps to include duelling In
their physical education curriculum.
Kansas University students have
taken steps to include duelling In
their physical education curriculum.
Kansas University students have
taken steps to include duelling In
their physical education curriculum.
Kansas University students have
taken steps to include duelling In
their physical education curriculum.
Kansas University students have
taken steps to include duelling In
their physical education curriculum.
Kansas University students have
taken steps to include duelling In
their physical education curriculum.
