# BEGIN SORORITY RUSHING PERIOD AT NOON TODAY
## Living Groups Will Receive Invited Women at Luncheons NEW SYSTEM IN FORCE Rushees Limited to Single Visit to Each House In First Week 
### 
Women's rushing opens this noon
when the ten sororities on the cam
pus will receive the invited freshman
women at luncheons today. Rushing
<luring the first period will continue
until Saturday night, both luncheon
and dinner dates daily. Pledging will
fall on Monday, January 16.
This is the first time that Stanford
women will conduct their rushing ac
tivities during the winter quarter.
Few universities have this system,
according to Lillian Force, president
of Pan-Hellenic, as most of them rush
early in the autumn months or, under
deferred rushing, late in the spring.
A respite of two days will be had
before the second period of rushing
opens with dinner engagements next
Tuesday night. The second period will
continue to Sunday.
During the first period the women
receiving invitations may not visit
one house more than once. They may
visit as many houses to which they
receive invitations. In the second
period the women may be invited for
only one date in advance but may be
asked later for subsequent engage
ments.
Women's rushing opens this noon
when the ten sororities on the cam
pus will receive the invited freshman
women at luncheons today. Rushing
<luring the first period will continue
until Saturday night, both luncheon
and dinner dates daily. Pledging will
fall on Monday, January 16.
This is the first time that Stanford
women will conduct their rushing ac
tivities during the winter quarter.
Few universities have this system,
according to Lillian Force, president
of Pan-Hellenic, as most of them rush
early in the autumn months or, under
deferred rushing, late in the spring.
A respite of two days will be had
before the second period of rushing
opens with dinner engagements next
Tuesday night. The second period will
continue to Sunday.
During the first period the women
receiving invitations may not visit
one house more than once. They may
visit as many houses to which they
receive invitations. In the second
period the women may be invited for
only one date in advance but may be
asked later for subsequent engage
ments.
Women's rushing opens this noon
when the ten sororities on the cam
pus will receive the invited freshman
women at luncheons today. Rushing
<luring the first period will continue
until Saturday night, both luncheon
and dinner dates daily. Pledging will
fall on Monday, January 16.
This is the first time that Stanford
women will conduct their rushing ac
tivities during the winter quarter.
Few universities have this system,
according to Lillian Force, president
of Pan-Hellenic, as most of them rush
early in the autumn months or, under
deferred rushing, late in the spring.
A respite of two days will be had
before the second period of rushing
opens with dinner engagements next
Tuesday night. The second period will
continue to Sunday.
During the first period the women
receiving invitations may not visit
one house more than once. They may
visit as many houses to which they
receive invitations. In the second
period the women may be invited for
only one date in advance but may be
asked later for subsequent engage
ments.
Women's rushing opens this noon
when the ten sororities on the cam
pus will receive the invited freshman
women at luncheons today. Rushing
<luring the first period will continue
until Saturday night, both luncheon
and dinner dates daily. Pledging will
fall on Monday, January 16.
This is the first time that Stanford
women will conduct their rushing ac
tivities during the winter quarter.
Few universities have this system,
according to Lillian Force, president
of Pan-Hellenic, as most of them rush
early in the autumn months or, under
deferred rushing, late in the spring.
A respite of two days will be had
before the second period of rushing
opens with dinner engagements next
Tuesday night. The second period will
continue to Sunday.
During the first period the women
receiving invitations may not visit
one house more than once. They may
visit as many houses to which they
receive invitations. In the second
period the women may be invited for
only one date in advance but may be
asked later for subsequent engage
ments.
Women's rushing opens this noon
when the ten sororities on the cam
pus will receive the invited freshman
women at luncheons today. Rushing
<luring the first period will continue
until Saturday night, both luncheon
and dinner dates daily. Pledging will
fall on Monday, January 16.
This is the first time that Stanford
women will conduct their rushing ac
tivities during the winter quarter.
Few universities have this system,
according to Lillian Force, president
of Pan-Hellenic, as most of them rush
early in the autumn months or, under
deferred rushing, late in the spring.
A respite of two days will be had
before the second period of rushing
opens with dinner engagements next
Tuesday night. The second period will
continue to Sunday.
During the first period the women
receiving invitations may not visit
one house more than once. They may
visit as many houses to which they
receive invitations. In the second
period the women may be invited for
only one date in advance but may be
asked later for subsequent engage
ments.
Women's rushing opens this noon
when the ten sororities on the cam
pus will receive the invited freshman
women at luncheons today. Rushing
<luring the first period will continue
until Saturday night, both luncheon
and dinner dates daily. Pledging will
fall on Monday, January 16.
This is the first time that Stanford
women will conduct their rushing ac
tivities during the winter quarter.
Few universities have this system,
according to Lillian Force, president
of Pan-Hellenic, as most of them rush
early in the autumn months or, under
deferred rushing, late in the spring.
A respite of two days will be had
before the second period of rushing
opens with dinner engagements next
Tuesday night. The second period will
continue to Sunday.
During the first period the women
receiving invitations may not visit
one house more than once. They may
visit as many houses to which they
receive invitations. In the second
period the women may be invited for
only one date in advance but may be
asked later for subsequent engage
ments.
Women's rushing opens this noon
when the ten sororities on the cam
pus will receive the invited freshman
women at luncheons today. Rushing
<luring the first period will continue
until Saturday night, both luncheon
and dinner dates daily. Pledging will
fall on Monday, January 16.
This is the first time that Stanford
women will conduct their rushing ac
tivities during the winter quarter.
Few universities have this system,
according to Lillian Force, president
of Pan-Hellenic, as most of them rush
early in the autumn months or, under
deferred rushing, late in the spring.
A respite of two days will be had
before the second period of rushing
opens with dinner engagements next
Tuesday night. The second period will
continue to Sunday.
During the first period the women
receiving invitations may not visit
one house more than once. They may
visit as many houses to which they
receive invitations. In the second
period the women may be invited for
only one date in advance but may be
asked later for subsequent engage
ments.
Women's rushing opens this noon
when the ten sororities on the cam
pus will receive the invited freshman
women at luncheons today. Rushing
<luring the first period will continue
until Saturday night, both luncheon
and dinner dates daily. Pledging will
fall on Monday, January 16.
This is the first time that Stanford
women will conduct their rushing ac
tivities during the winter quarter.
Few universities have this system,
according to Lillian Force, president
of Pan-Hellenic, as most of them rush
early in the autumn months or, under
deferred rushing, late in the spring.
A respite of two days will be had
before the second period of rushing
opens with dinner engagements next
Tuesday night. The second period will
continue to Sunday.
During the first period the women
receiving invitations may not visit
one house more than once. They may
visit as many houses to which they
receive invitations. In the second
period the women may be invited for
only one date in advance but may be
asked later for subsequent engage
ments.
Women's rushing opens this noon
when the ten sororities on the cam
pus will receive the invited freshman
women at luncheons today. Rushing
<luring the first period will continue
until Saturday night, both luncheon
and dinner dates daily. Pledging will
fall on Monday, January 16.
This is the first time that Stanford
women will conduct their rushing ac
tivities during the winter quarter.
Few universities have this system,
according to Lillian Force, president
of Pan-Hellenic, as most of them rush
early in the autumn months or, under
deferred rushing, late in the spring.
A respite of two days will be had
before the second period of rushing
opens with dinner engagements next
Tuesday night. The second period will
continue to Sunday.
During the first period the women
receiving invitations may not visit
one house more than once. They may
visit as many houses to which they
receive invitations. In the second
period the women may be invited for
only one date in advance but may be
asked later for subsequent engage
ments.
Women's rushing opens this noon
when the ten sororities on the cam
pus will receive the invited freshman
women at luncheons today. Rushing
<luring the first period will continue
until Saturday night, both luncheon
and dinner dates daily. Pledging will
fall on Monday, January 16.
This is the first time that Stanford
women will conduct their rushing ac
tivities during the winter quarter.
Few universities have this system,
according to Lillian Force, president
of Pan-Hellenic, as most of them rush
early in the autumn months or, under
deferred rushing, late in the spring.
A respite of two days will be had
before the second period of rushing
opens with dinner engagements next
Tuesday night. The second period will
continue to Sunday.
During the first period the women
receiving invitations may not visit
one house more than once. They may
visit as many houses to which they
receive invitations. In the second
period the women may be invited for
only one date in advance but may be
asked later for subsequent engage
ments.
Women's rushing opens this noon
when the ten sororities on the cam
pus will receive the invited freshman
women at luncheons today. Rushing
<luring the first period will continue
until Saturday night, both luncheon
and dinner dates daily. Pledging will
fall on Monday, January 16.
This is the first time that Stanford
women will conduct their rushing ac
tivities during the winter quarter.
Few universities have this system,
according to Lillian Force, president
of Pan-Hellenic, as most of them rush
early in the autumn months or, under
deferred rushing, late in the spring.
A respite of two days will be had
before the second period of rushing
opens with dinner engagements next
Tuesday night. The second period will
continue to Sunday.
During the first period the women
receiving invitations may not visit
one house more than once. They may
visit as many houses to which they
receive invitations. In the second
period the women may be invited for
only one date in advance but may be
asked later for subsequent engage
ments.
Women's rushing opens this noon
when the ten sororities on the cam
pus will receive the invited freshman
women at luncheons today. Rushing
<luring the first period will continue
until Saturday night, both luncheon
and dinner dates daily. Pledging will
fall on Monday, January 16.
This is the first time that Stanford
women will conduct their rushing ac
tivities during the winter quarter.
Few universities have this system,
according to Lillian Force, president
of Pan-Hellenic, as most of them rush
early in the autumn months or, under
deferred rushing, late in the spring.
A respite of two days will be had
before the second period of rushing
opens with dinner engagements next
Tuesday night. The second period will
continue to Sunday.
During the first period the women
receiving invitations may not visit
one house more than once. They may
visit as many houses to which they
receive invitations. In the second
period the women may be invited for
only one date in advance but may be
asked later for subsequent engage
ments.
Women's rushing opens this noon
when the ten sororities on the cam
pus will receive the invited freshman
women at luncheons today. Rushing
<luring the first period will continue
until Saturday night, both luncheon
and dinner dates daily. Pledging will
fall on Monday, January 16.
This is the first time that Stanford
women will conduct their rushing ac
tivities during the winter quarter.
Few universities have this system,
according to Lillian Force, president
of Pan-Hellenic, as most of them rush
early in the autumn months or, under
deferred rushing, late in the spring.
A respite of two days will be had
before the second period of rushing
opens with dinner engagements next
Tuesday night. The second period will
continue to Sunday.
During the first period the women
receiving invitations may not visit
one house more than once. They may
visit as many houses to which they
receive invitations. In the second
period the women may be invited for
only one date in advance but may be
asked later for subsequent engage
ments.
Women's rushing opens this noon
when the ten sororities on the cam
pus will receive the invited freshman
women at luncheons today. Rushing
<luring the first period will continue
until Saturday night, both luncheon
and dinner dates daily. Pledging will
fall on Monday, January 16.
This is the first time that Stanford
women will conduct their rushing ac
tivities during the winter quarter.
Few universities have this system,
according to Lillian Force, president
of Pan-Hellenic, as most of them rush
early in the autumn months or, under
deferred rushing, late in the spring.
A respite of two days will be had
before the second period of rushing
opens with dinner engagements next
Tuesday night. The second period will
continue to Sunday.
During the first period the women
receiving invitations may not visit
one house more than once. They may
visit as many houses to which they
receive invitations. In the second
period the women may be invited for
only one date in advance but may be
asked later for subsequent engage
ments.
Women's rushing opens this noon
when the ten sororities on the cam
pus will receive the invited freshman
women at luncheons today. Rushing
<luring the first period will continue
until Saturday night, both luncheon
and dinner dates daily. Pledging will
fall on Monday, January 16.
This is the first time that Stanford
women will conduct their rushing ac
tivities during the winter quarter.
Few universities have this system,
according to Lillian Force, president
of Pan-Hellenic, as most of them rush
early in the autumn months or, under
deferred rushing, late in the spring.
A respite of two days will be had
before the second period of rushing
opens with dinner engagements next
Tuesday night. The second period will
continue to Sunday.
During the first period the women
receiving invitations may not visit
one house more than once. They may
visit as many houses to which they
receive invitations. In the second
period the women may be invited for
only one date in advance but may be
asked later for subsequent engage
ments.
Women's rushing opens this noon
when the ten sororities on the cam
pus will receive the invited freshman
women at luncheons today. Rushing
<luring the first period will continue
until Saturday night, both luncheon
and dinner dates daily. Pledging will
fall on Monday, January 16.
This is the first time that Stanford
women will conduct their rushing ac
tivities during the winter quarter.
Few universities have this system,
according to Lillian Force, president
of Pan-Hellenic, as most of them rush
early in the autumn months or, under
deferred rushing, late in the spring.
A respite of two days will be had
before the second period of rushing
opens with dinner engagements next
Tuesday night. The second period will
continue to Sunday.
During the first period the women
receiving invitations may not visit
one house more than once. They may
visit as many houses to which they
receive invitations. In the second
period the women may be invited for
only one date in advance but may be
asked later for subsequent engage
ments.
