# RAGGED BUT RIGHT
## 
### 
In these days of the metal and
rubber shortage, we admire the te
nacity of women students who have
taken on rag curlers for their night
time wear. To achieve an almost
professional set of curls, just cut or
tear a sheet or pillowcase into strips
about six inches long and about an
inch and a half wide (monotonous,
isn't it?). Fold one of these strips
over the desired curl, roll it up, and
■ tie. The result: a wonderful sleep
unhampered by nightmares of large
metal curlers.
In these days of the metal and
rubber shortage, we admire the te
nacity of women students who have
taken on rag curlers for their night
time wear. To achieve an almost
professional set of curls, just cut or
tear a sheet or pillowcase into strips
about six inches long and about an
inch and a half wide (monotonous,
isn't it?). Fold one of these strips
over the desired curl, roll it up, and
■ tie. The result: a wonderful sleep
unhampered by nightmares of large
metal curlers.
In these days of the metal and
rubber shortage, we admire the te
nacity of women students who have
taken on rag curlers for their night
time wear. To achieve an almost
professional set of curls, just cut or
tear a sheet or pillowcase into strips
about six inches long and about an
inch and a half wide (monotonous,
isn't it?). Fold one of these strips
over the desired curl, roll it up, and
■ tie. The result: a wonderful sleep
unhampered by nightmares of large
metal curlers.
In these days of the metal and
rubber shortage, we admire the te
nacity of women students who have
taken on rag curlers for their night
time wear. To achieve an almost
professional set of curls, just cut or
tear a sheet or pillowcase into strips
about six inches long and about an
inch and a half wide (monotonous,
isn't it?). Fold one of these strips
over the desired curl, roll it up, and
■ tie. The result: a wonderful sleep
unhampered by nightmares of large
metal curlers.
In these days of the metal and
rubber shortage, we admire the te
nacity of women students who have
taken on rag curlers for their night
time wear. To achieve an almost
professional set of curls, just cut or
tear a sheet or pillowcase into strips
about six inches long and about an
inch and a half wide (monotonous,
isn't it?). Fold one of these strips
over the desired curl, roll it up, and
■ tie. The result: a wonderful sleep
unhampered by nightmares of large
metal curlers.
In these days of the metal and
rubber shortage, we admire the te
nacity of women students who have
taken on rag curlers for their night
time wear. To achieve an almost
professional set of curls, just cut or
tear a sheet or pillowcase into strips
about six inches long and about an
inch and a half wide (monotonous,
isn't it?). Fold one of these strips
over the desired curl, roll it up, and
■ tie. The result: a wonderful sleep
unhampered by nightmares of large
metal curlers.
In these days of the metal and
rubber shortage, we admire the te
nacity of women students who have
taken on rag curlers for their night
time wear. To achieve an almost
professional set of curls, just cut or
tear a sheet or pillowcase into strips
about six inches long and about an
inch and a half wide (monotonous,
isn't it?). Fold one of these strips
over the desired curl, roll it up, and
■ tie. The result: a wonderful sleep
unhampered by nightmares of large
metal curlers.
In these days of the metal and
rubber shortage, we admire the te
nacity of women students who have
taken on rag curlers for their night
time wear. To achieve an almost
professional set of curls, just cut or
tear a sheet or pillowcase into strips
about six inches long and about an
inch and a half wide (monotonous,
isn't it?). Fold one of these strips
over the desired curl, roll it up, and
■ tie. The result: a wonderful sleep
unhampered by nightmares of large
metal curlers.
In these days of the metal and
rubber shortage, we admire the te
nacity of women students who have
taken on rag curlers for their night
time wear. To achieve an almost
professional set of curls, just cut or
tear a sheet or pillowcase into strips
about six inches long and about an
inch and a half wide (monotonous,
isn't it?). Fold one of these strips
over the desired curl, roll it up, and
■ tie. The result: a wonderful sleep
unhampered by nightmares of large
metal curlers.
In these days of the metal and
rubber shortage, we admire the te
nacity of women students who have
taken on rag curlers for their night
time wear. To achieve an almost
professional set of curls, just cut or
tear a sheet or pillowcase into strips
about six inches long and about an
inch and a half wide (monotonous,
isn't it?). Fold one of these strips
over the desired curl, roll it up, and
■ tie. The result: a wonderful sleep
unhampered by nightmares of large
metal curlers.
In these days of the metal and
rubber shortage, we admire the te
nacity of women students who have
taken on rag curlers for their night
time wear. To achieve an almost
professional set of curls, just cut or
tear a sheet or pillowcase into strips
about six inches long and about an
inch and a half wide (monotonous,
isn't it?). Fold one of these strips
over the desired curl, roll it up, and
■ tie. The result: a wonderful sleep
unhampered by nightmares of large
metal curlers.
In these days of the metal and
rubber shortage, we admire the te
nacity of women students who have
taken on rag curlers for their night
time wear. To achieve an almost
professional set of curls, just cut or
tear a sheet or pillowcase into strips
about six inches long and about an
inch and a half wide (monotonous,
isn't it?). Fold one of these strips
over the desired curl, roll it up, and
■ tie. The result: a wonderful sleep
unhampered by nightmares of large
metal curlers.
In these days of the metal and
rubber shortage, we admire the te
nacity of women students who have
taken on rag curlers for their night
time wear. To achieve an almost
professional set of curls, just cut or
tear a sheet or pillowcase into strips
about six inches long and about an
inch and a half wide (monotonous,
isn't it?). Fold one of these strips
over the desired curl, roll it up, and
■ tie. The result: a wonderful sleep
unhampered by nightmares of large
metal curlers.
In these days of the metal and
rubber shortage, we admire the te
nacity of women students who have
taken on rag curlers for their night
time wear. To achieve an almost
professional set of curls, just cut or
tear a sheet or pillowcase into strips
about six inches long and about an
inch and a half wide (monotonous,
isn't it?). Fold one of these strips
over the desired curl, roll it up, and
■ tie. The result: a wonderful sleep
unhampered by nightmares of large
metal curlers.
In these days of the metal and
rubber shortage, we admire the te
nacity of women students who have
taken on rag curlers for their night
time wear. To achieve an almost
professional set of curls, just cut or
tear a sheet or pillowcase into strips
about six inches long and about an
inch and a half wide (monotonous,
isn't it?). Fold one of these strips
over the desired curl, roll it up, and
■ tie. The result: a wonderful sleep
unhampered by nightmares of large
metal curlers.
