# "We Want 'em Long," Say Conservatives
## 
### 
One of the more recent revolutions
on campus is the reactionary move
of the more conservative Stanford
women to bring skirts back to their
pre-war lengthâ€”and we don't mean
to the ankles!
Rebelling against the above-the
knee skirt as a rather futile ex
ample of war hysteria, some of the
old-timers are advocating a return
to the good old ways by wearing
the skirt at the knee, and not a
couple of inches above it.
Although violators of this time and
style-honored tradition have been
few and far between, it is never
theless something of a shock to be
lievers in Stanford women's good
clothes sense to see any exhibition
of this kind on Quad or anywhere
else.
Stanford women have long been
respected as having good taste in
clothes. It is the duty of wartime
women students to uphold this tra
dition, in spite of, or maybe even
because of, the war.
