# Independents Cancel Final Autenâ€™s Game
## 
### 
Due to circumstances beyond
somebody's control, (lie game be
tween the Palo Alto Independents
and Auten's Saturday night in the
Palo Alto High School gymnasium
has been cancelled. The game was
to have been the Independents'
last appearance, and its cancella
tion means that the team's season
is now over. It would have been
the Stanford boys' fourth home
appearance.
Due to circumstances beyond
somebody's control, (lie game be
tween the Palo Alto Independents
and Auten's Saturday night in the
Palo Alto High School gymnasium
has been cancelled. The game was
to have been the Independents'
last appearance, and its cancella
tion means that the team's season
is now over. It would have been
the Stanford boys' fourth home
appearance.
Due to circumstances beyond
somebody's control, (lie game be
tween the Palo Alto Independents
and Auten's Saturday night in the
Palo Alto High School gymnasium
has been cancelled. The game was
to have been the Independents'
last appearance, and its cancella
tion means that the team's season
is now over. It would have been
the Stanford boys' fourth home
appearance.
Due to circumstances beyond
somebody's control, (lie game be
tween the Palo Alto Independents
and Auten's Saturday night in the
Palo Alto High School gymnasium
has been cancelled. The game was
to have been the Independents'
last appearance, and its cancella
tion means that the team's season
is now over. It would have been
the Stanford boys' fourth home
appearance.
Due to circumstances beyond
somebody's control, (lie game be
tween the Palo Alto Independents
and Auten's Saturday night in the
Palo Alto High School gymnasium
has been cancelled. The game was
to have been the Independents'
last appearance, and its cancella
tion means that the team's season
is now over. It would have been
the Stanford boys' fourth home
appearance.
Due to circumstances beyond
somebody's control, (lie game be
tween the Palo Alto Independents
and Auten's Saturday night in the
Palo Alto High School gymnasium
has been cancelled. The game was
to have been the Independents'
last appearance, and its cancella
tion means that the team's season
is now over. It would have been
the Stanford boys' fourth home
appearance.
Due to circumstances beyond
somebody's control, (lie game be
tween the Palo Alto Independents
and Auten's Saturday night in the
Palo Alto High School gymnasium
has been cancelled. The game was
to have been the Independents'
last appearance, and its cancella
tion means that the team's season
is now over. It would have been
the Stanford boys' fourth home
appearance.
Due to circumstances beyond
somebody's control, (lie game be
tween the Palo Alto Independents
and Auten's Saturday night in the
Palo Alto High School gymnasium
has been cancelled. The game was
to have been the Independents'
last appearance, and its cancella
tion means that the team's season
is now over. It would have been
the Stanford boys' fourth home
appearance.
Due to circumstances beyond
somebody's control, (lie game be
tween the Palo Alto Independents
and Auten's Saturday night in the
Palo Alto High School gymnasium
has been cancelled. The game was
to have been the Independents'
last appearance, and its cancella
tion means that the team's season
is now over. It would have been
the Stanford boys' fourth home
appearance.
Due to circumstances beyond
somebody's control, (lie game be
tween the Palo Alto Independents
and Auten's Saturday night in the
Palo Alto High School gymnasium
has been cancelled. The game was
to have been the Independents'
last appearance, and its cancella
tion means that the team's season
is now over. It would have been
the Stanford boys' fourth home
appearance.
Due to circumstances beyond
somebody's control, (lie game be
tween the Palo Alto Independents
and Auten's Saturday night in the
Palo Alto High School gymnasium
has been cancelled. The game was
to have been the Independents'
last appearance, and its cancella
tion means that the team's season
is now over. It would have been
the Stanford boys' fourth home
appearance.
Due to circumstances beyond
somebody's control, (lie game be
tween the Palo Alto Independents
and Auten's Saturday night in the
Palo Alto High School gymnasium
has been cancelled. The game was
to have been the Independents'
last appearance, and its cancella
tion means that the team's season
is now over. It would have been
the Stanford boys' fourth home
appearance.
Due to circumstances beyond
somebody's control, (lie game be
tween the Palo Alto Independents
and Auten's Saturday night in the
Palo Alto High School gymnasium
has been cancelled. The game was
to have been the Independents'
last appearance, and its cancella
tion means that the team's season
is now over. It would have been
the Stanford boys' fourth home
appearance.
Due to circumstances beyond
somebody's control, (lie game be
tween the Palo Alto Independents
and Auten's Saturday night in the
Palo Alto High School gymnasium
has been cancelled. The game was
to have been the Independents'
last appearance, and its cancella
tion means that the team's season
is now over. It would have been
the Stanford boys' fourth home
appearance.
Due to circumstances beyond
somebody's control, (lie game be
tween the Palo Alto Independents
and Auten's Saturday night in the
Palo Alto High School gymnasium
has been cancelled. The game was
to have been the Independents'
last appearance, and its cancella
tion means that the team's season
is now over. It would have been
the Stanford boys' fourth home
appearance.
