# Pedal Pushers Sign of Spring
## 
### 
One of the more novel fashion
trends floating around the Stanford
campus these days is the definite
exhibition of pedal pushers. With
bright spring weather creeping up
on u.s m a not-too-unsubtle way.
Stanford women . re blossoming out
into pedal pushers as one of the
nioi • radical moans of expressing
their free nature?.
One of the more novel fashion
trends floating around the Stanford
campus these days is the definite
exhibition of pedal pushers. With
bright spring weather creeping up
on u.s m a not-too-unsubtle way.
Stanford women . re blossoming out
into pedal pushers as one of the
nioi • radical moans of expressing
their free nature?.
One of the more novel fashion
trends floating around the Stanford
campus these days is the definite
exhibition of pedal pushers. With
bright spring weather creeping up
on u.s m a not-too-unsubtle way.
Stanford women . re blossoming out
into pedal pushers as one of the
nioi • radical moans of expressing
their free nature?.
One of the more novel fashion
trends floating around the Stanford
campus these days is the definite
exhibition of pedal pushers. With
bright spring weather creeping up
on u.s m a not-too-unsubtle way.
Stanford women . re blossoming out
into pedal pushers as one of the
nioi • radical moans of expressing
their free nature?.
One of the more novel fashion
trends floating around the Stanford
campus these days is the definite
exhibition of pedal pushers. With
bright spring weather creeping up
on u.s m a not-too-unsubtle way.
Stanford women . re blossoming out
into pedal pushers as one of the
nioi • radical moans of expressing
their free nature?.
One of the more novel fashion
trends floating around the Stanford
campus these days is the definite
exhibition of pedal pushers. With
bright spring weather creeping up
on u.s m a not-too-unsubtle way.
Stanford women . re blossoming out
into pedal pushers as one of the
nioi • radical moans of expressing
their free nature?.
One of the more novel fashion
trends floating around the Stanford
campus these days is the definite
exhibition of pedal pushers. With
bright spring weather creeping up
on u.s m a not-too-unsubtle way.
Stanford women . re blossoming out
into pedal pushers as one of the
nioi • radical moans of expressing
their free nature?.
One of the more novel fashion
trends floating around the Stanford
campus these days is the definite
exhibition of pedal pushers. With
bright spring weather creeping up
on u.s m a not-too-unsubtle way.
Stanford women . re blossoming out
into pedal pushers as one of the
nioi • radical moans of expressing
their free nature?.
One of the more novel fashion
trends floating around the Stanford
campus these days is the definite
exhibition of pedal pushers. With
bright spring weather creeping up
on u.s m a not-too-unsubtle way.
Stanford women . re blossoming out
into pedal pushers as one of the
nioi • radical moans of expressing
their free nature?.
One of the more novel fashion
trends floating around the Stanford
campus these days is the definite
exhibition of pedal pushers. With
bright spring weather creeping up
on u.s m a not-too-unsubtle way.
Stanford women . re blossoming out
into pedal pushers as one of the
nioi • radical moans of expressing
their free nature?.
One of the more novel fashion
trends floating around the Stanford
campus these days is the definite
exhibition of pedal pushers. With
bright spring weather creeping up
on u.s m a not-too-unsubtle way.
Stanford women . re blossoming out
into pedal pushers as one of the
nioi • radical moans of expressing
their free nature?.
One of the more novel fashion
trends floating around the Stanford
campus these days is the definite
exhibition of pedal pushers. With
bright spring weather creeping up
on u.s m a not-too-unsubtle way.
Stanford women . re blossoming out
into pedal pushers as one of the
nioi • radical moans of expressing
their free nature?.
One of the more novel fashion
trends floating around the Stanford
campus these days is the definite
exhibition of pedal pushers. With
bright spring weather creeping up
on u.s m a not-too-unsubtle way.
Stanford women . re blossoming out
into pedal pushers as one of the
nioi • radical moans of expressing
their free nature?.
One of the more novel fashion
trends floating around the Stanford
campus these days is the definite
exhibition of pedal pushers. With
bright spring weather creeping up
on u.s m a not-too-unsubtle way.
Stanford women . re blossoming out
into pedal pushers as one of the
nioi • radical moans of expressing
their free nature?.
One of the more novel fashion
trends floating around the Stanford
campus these days is the definite
exhibition of pedal pushers. With
bright spring weather creeping up
on u.s m a not-too-unsubtle way.
Stanford women . re blossoming out
into pedal pushers as one of the
nioi • radical moans of expressing
their free nature?.
