# Eighty-Five Women Plan To Attend Sophomore Luncheon
## 
### 
Approximately eighty-live women
have made reservations for the Sopho
more luncheon to be held in the Wo
men's Clubhouse tomorrow noon at
12:15 o'clock.
Joan Reppy, chairman of the class
last year, has announced that plans
for the election of a sophomore cabi
net to handle women's activities of
the class will be discussed. A class
chairman who will head the planned
cabinet will be elected.
Approximately eighty-live women
have made reservations for the Sopho
more luncheon to be held in the Wo
men's Clubhouse tomorrow noon at
12:15 o'clock.
Joan Reppy, chairman of the class
last year, has announced that plans
for the election of a sophomore cabi
net to handle women's activities of
the class will be discussed. A class
chairman who will head the planned
cabinet will be elected.
Approximately eighty-live women
have made reservations for the Sopho
more luncheon to be held in the Wo
men's Clubhouse tomorrow noon at
12:15 o'clock.
Joan Reppy, chairman of the class
last year, has announced that plans
for the election of a sophomore cabi
net to handle women's activities of
the class will be discussed. A class
chairman who will head the planned
cabinet will be elected.
Approximately eighty-live women
have made reservations for the Sopho
more luncheon to be held in the Wo
men's Clubhouse tomorrow noon at
12:15 o'clock.
Joan Reppy, chairman of the class
last year, has announced that plans
for the election of a sophomore cabi
net to handle women's activities of
the class will be discussed. A class
chairman who will head the planned
cabinet will be elected.
Approximately eighty-live women
have made reservations for the Sopho
more luncheon to be held in the Wo
men's Clubhouse tomorrow noon at
12:15 o'clock.
Joan Reppy, chairman of the class
last year, has announced that plans
for the election of a sophomore cabi
net to handle women's activities of
the class will be discussed. A class
chairman who will head the planned
cabinet will be elected.
Approximately eighty-live women
have made reservations for the Sopho
more luncheon to be held in the Wo
men's Clubhouse tomorrow noon at
12:15 o'clock.
Joan Reppy, chairman of the class
last year, has announced that plans
for the election of a sophomore cabi
net to handle women's activities of
the class will be discussed. A class
chairman who will head the planned
cabinet will be elected.
Approximately eighty-live women
have made reservations for the Sopho
more luncheon to be held in the Wo
men's Clubhouse tomorrow noon at
12:15 o'clock.
Joan Reppy, chairman of the class
last year, has announced that plans
for the election of a sophomore cabi
net to handle women's activities of
the class will be discussed. A class
chairman who will head the planned
cabinet will be elected.
Approximately eighty-live women
have made reservations for the Sopho
more luncheon to be held in the Wo
men's Clubhouse tomorrow noon at
12:15 o'clock.
Joan Reppy, chairman of the class
last year, has announced that plans
for the election of a sophomore cabi
net to handle women's activities of
the class will be discussed. A class
chairman who will head the planned
cabinet will be elected.
Approximately eighty-live women
have made reservations for the Sopho
more luncheon to be held in the Wo
men's Clubhouse tomorrow noon at
12:15 o'clock.
Joan Reppy, chairman of the class
last year, has announced that plans
for the election of a sophomore cabi
net to handle women's activities of
the class will be discussed. A class
chairman who will head the planned
cabinet will be elected.
Approximately eighty-live women
have made reservations for the Sopho
more luncheon to be held in the Wo
men's Clubhouse tomorrow noon at
12:15 o'clock.
Joan Reppy, chairman of the class
last year, has announced that plans
for the election of a sophomore cabi
net to handle women's activities of
the class will be discussed. A class
chairman who will head the planned
cabinet will be elected.
Approximately eighty-live women
have made reservations for the Sopho
more luncheon to be held in the Wo
men's Clubhouse tomorrow noon at
12:15 o'clock.
Joan Reppy, chairman of the class
last year, has announced that plans
for the election of a sophomore cabi
net to handle women's activities of
the class will be discussed. A class
chairman who will head the planned
cabinet will be elected.
Approximately eighty-live women
have made reservations for the Sopho
more luncheon to be held in the Wo
men's Clubhouse tomorrow noon at
12:15 o'clock.
Joan Reppy, chairman of the class
last year, has announced that plans
for the election of a sophomore cabi
net to handle women's activities of
the class will be discussed. A class
chairman who will head the planned
cabinet will be elected.
Approximately eighty-live women
have made reservations for the Sopho
more luncheon to be held in the Wo
men's Clubhouse tomorrow noon at
12:15 o'clock.
Joan Reppy, chairman of the class
last year, has announced that plans
for the election of a sophomore cabi
net to handle women's activities of
the class will be discussed. A class
chairman who will head the planned
cabinet will be elected.
Approximately eighty-live women
have made reservations for the Sopho
more luncheon to be held in the Wo
men's Clubhouse tomorrow noon at
12:15 o'clock.
Joan Reppy, chairman of the class
last year, has announced that plans
for the election of a sophomore cabi
net to handle women's activities of
the class will be discussed. A class
chairman who will head the planned
cabinet will be elected.
Approximately eighty-live women
have made reservations for the Sopho
more luncheon to be held in the Wo
men's Clubhouse tomorrow noon at
12:15 o'clock.
Joan Reppy, chairman of the class
last year, has announced that plans
for the election of a sophomore cabi
net to handle women's activities of
the class will be discussed. A class
chairman who will head the planned
cabinet will be elected.
Approximately eighty-live women
have made reservations for the Sopho
more luncheon to be held in the Wo
men's Clubhouse tomorrow noon at
12:15 o'clock.
Joan Reppy, chairman of the class
last year, has announced that plans
for the election of a sophomore cabi
net to handle women's activities of
the class will be discussed. A class
chairman who will head the planned
cabinet will be elected.
Approximately eighty-live women
have made reservations for the Sopho
more luncheon to be held in the Wo
men's Clubhouse tomorrow noon at
12:15 o'clock.
Joan Reppy, chairman of the class
last year, has announced that plans
for the election of a sophomore cabi
net to handle women's activities of
the class will be discussed. A class
chairman who will head the planned
cabinet will be elected.
