# SOUTHERN PACIFIC CO. COMPLETES UNDERPASS FOR STADIUM CROWDS
## 
### 
The completion of a $20,000 pedes
trian underpass at the Stadium Sta
tion, Palo Alto, was announced by the
Southern Pacific Company yesterday.
This structure is expected to do away
with much confusion and delay in the
handling of the large crowds at the
football games, especially through the
consequent segregating of the Oak
land and San Francisco passengers.
The plan is that San Francisco-bound
passengers will board trains on the
west tracks, while East Bay passen
gers will walk through the underpass
and board the trains from the load
ing platforms along the east tracks.
The elimination of delay which will
result from the new system is ex
pected to make possible the loading
and setting in motion of trains leav
ing the Stadium Station at the same
rate as they leave the S.P. depot in
San Francisco.
The completion of a $20,000 pedes
trian underpass at the Stadium Sta
tion, Palo Alto, was announced by the
Southern Pacific Company yesterday.
This structure is expected to do away
with much confusion and delay in the
handling of the large crowds at the
football games, especially through the
consequent segregating of the Oak
land and San Francisco passengers.
The plan is that San Francisco-bound
passengers will board trains on the
west tracks, while East Bay passen
gers will walk through the underpass
and board the trains from the load
ing platforms along the east tracks.
The elimination of delay which will
result from the new system is ex
pected to make possible the loading
and setting in motion of trains leav
ing the Stadium Station at the same
rate as they leave the S.P. depot in
San Francisco.
The completion of a $20,000 pedes
trian underpass at the Stadium Sta
tion, Palo Alto, was announced by the
Southern Pacific Company yesterday.
This structure is expected to do away
with much confusion and delay in the
handling of the large crowds at the
football games, especially through the
consequent segregating of the Oak
land and San Francisco passengers.
The plan is that San Francisco-bound
passengers will board trains on the
west tracks, while East Bay passen
gers will walk through the underpass
and board the trains from the load
ing platforms along the east tracks.
The elimination of delay which will
result from the new system is ex
pected to make possible the loading
and setting in motion of trains leav
ing the Stadium Station at the same
rate as they leave the S.P. depot in
San Francisco.
The completion of a $20,000 pedes
trian underpass at the Stadium Sta
tion, Palo Alto, was announced by the
Southern Pacific Company yesterday.
This structure is expected to do away
with much confusion and delay in the
handling of the large crowds at the
football games, especially through the
consequent segregating of the Oak
land and San Francisco passengers.
The plan is that San Francisco-bound
passengers will board trains on the
west tracks, while East Bay passen
gers will walk through the underpass
and board the trains from the load
ing platforms along the east tracks.
The elimination of delay which will
result from the new system is ex
pected to make possible the loading
and setting in motion of trains leav
ing the Stadium Station at the same
rate as they leave the S.P. depot in
San Francisco.
The completion of a $20,000 pedes
trian underpass at the Stadium Sta
tion, Palo Alto, was announced by the
Southern Pacific Company yesterday.
This structure is expected to do away
with much confusion and delay in the
handling of the large crowds at the
football games, especially through the
consequent segregating of the Oak
land and San Francisco passengers.
The plan is that San Francisco-bound
passengers will board trains on the
west tracks, while East Bay passen
gers will walk through the underpass
and board the trains from the load
ing platforms along the east tracks.
The elimination of delay which will
result from the new system is ex
pected to make possible the loading
and setting in motion of trains leav
ing the Stadium Station at the same
rate as they leave the S.P. depot in
San Francisco.
The completion of a $20,000 pedes
trian underpass at the Stadium Sta
tion, Palo Alto, was announced by the
Southern Pacific Company yesterday.
This structure is expected to do away
with much confusion and delay in the
handling of the large crowds at the
football games, especially through the
consequent segregating of the Oak
land and San Francisco passengers.
The plan is that San Francisco-bound
passengers will board trains on the
west tracks, while East Bay passen
gers will walk through the underpass
and board the trains from the load
ing platforms along the east tracks.
The elimination of delay which will
result from the new system is ex
pected to make possible the loading
and setting in motion of trains leav
ing the Stadium Station at the same
rate as they leave the S.P. depot in
San Francisco.
The completion of a $20,000 pedes
trian underpass at the Stadium Sta
tion, Palo Alto, was announced by the
Southern Pacific Company yesterday.
This structure is expected to do away
with much confusion and delay in the
handling of the large crowds at the
football games, especially through the
consequent segregating of the Oak
land and San Francisco passengers.
The plan is that San Francisco-bound
passengers will board trains on the
west tracks, while East Bay passen
gers will walk through the underpass
and board the trains from the load
ing platforms along the east tracks.
The elimination of delay which will
result from the new system is ex
pected to make possible the loading
and setting in motion of trains leav
ing the Stadium Station at the same
rate as they leave the S.P. depot in
San Francisco.
The completion of a $20,000 pedes
trian underpass at the Stadium Sta
tion, Palo Alto, was announced by the
Southern Pacific Company yesterday.
This structure is expected to do away
with much confusion and delay in the
handling of the large crowds at the
football games, especially through the
consequent segregating of the Oak
land and San Francisco passengers.
The plan is that San Francisco-bound
passengers will board trains on the
west tracks, while East Bay passen
gers will walk through the underpass
and board the trains from the load
ing platforms along the east tracks.
The elimination of delay which will
result from the new system is ex
pected to make possible the loading
and setting in motion of trains leav
ing the Stadium Station at the same
rate as they leave the S.P. depot in
San Francisco.
The completion of a $20,000 pedes
trian underpass at the Stadium Sta
tion, Palo Alto, was announced by the
Southern Pacific Company yesterday.
This structure is expected to do away
with much confusion and delay in the
handling of the large crowds at the
football games, especially through the
consequent segregating of the Oak
land and San Francisco passengers.
The plan is that San Francisco-bound
passengers will board trains on the
west tracks, while East Bay passen
gers will walk through the underpass
and board the trains from the load
ing platforms along the east tracks.
The elimination of delay which will
result from the new system is ex
pected to make possible the loading
and setting in motion of trains leav
ing the Stadium Station at the same
rate as they leave the S.P. depot in
San Francisco.
The completion of a $20,000 pedes
trian underpass at the Stadium Sta
tion, Palo Alto, was announced by the
Southern Pacific Company yesterday.
This structure is expected to do away
with much confusion and delay in the
handling of the large crowds at the
football games, especially through the
consequent segregating of the Oak
land and San Francisco passengers.
The plan is that San Francisco-bound
passengers will board trains on the
west tracks, while East Bay passen
gers will walk through the underpass
and board the trains from the load
ing platforms along the east tracks.
The elimination of delay which will
result from the new system is ex
pected to make possible the loading
and setting in motion of trains leav
ing the Stadium Station at the same
rate as they leave the S.P. depot in
San Francisco.
The completion of a $20,000 pedes
trian underpass at the Stadium Sta
tion, Palo Alto, was announced by the
Southern Pacific Company yesterday.
This structure is expected to do away
with much confusion and delay in the
handling of the large crowds at the
football games, especially through the
consequent segregating of the Oak
land and San Francisco passengers.
The plan is that San Francisco-bound
passengers will board trains on the
west tracks, while East Bay passen
gers will walk through the underpass
and board the trains from the load
ing platforms along the east tracks.
The elimination of delay which will
result from the new system is ex
pected to make possible the loading
and setting in motion of trains leav
ing the Stadium Station at the same
rate as they leave the S.P. depot in
San Francisco.
The completion of a $20,000 pedes
trian underpass at the Stadium Sta
tion, Palo Alto, was announced by the
Southern Pacific Company yesterday.
This structure is expected to do away
with much confusion and delay in the
handling of the large crowds at the
football games, especially through the
consequent segregating of the Oak
land and San Francisco passengers.
The plan is that San Francisco-bound
passengers will board trains on the
west tracks, while East Bay passen
gers will walk through the underpass
and board the trains from the load
ing platforms along the east tracks.
The elimination of delay which will
result from the new system is ex
pected to make possible the loading
and setting in motion of trains leav
ing the Stadium Station at the same
rate as they leave the S.P. depot in
San Francisco.
The completion of a $20,000 pedes
trian underpass at the Stadium Sta
tion, Palo Alto, was announced by the
Southern Pacific Company yesterday.
This structure is expected to do away
with much confusion and delay in the
handling of the large crowds at the
football games, especially through the
consequent segregating of the Oak
land and San Francisco passengers.
The plan is that San Francisco-bound
passengers will board trains on the
west tracks, while East Bay passen
gers will walk through the underpass
and board the trains from the load
ing platforms along the east tracks.
The elimination of delay which will
result from the new system is ex
pected to make possible the loading
and setting in motion of trains leav
ing the Stadium Station at the same
rate as they leave the S.P. depot in
San Francisco.
The completion of a $20,000 pedes
trian underpass at the Stadium Sta
tion, Palo Alto, was announced by the
Southern Pacific Company yesterday.
This structure is expected to do away
with much confusion and delay in the
handling of the large crowds at the
football games, especially through the
consequent segregating of the Oak
land and San Francisco passengers.
The plan is that San Francisco-bound
passengers will board trains on the
west tracks, while East Bay passen
gers will walk through the underpass
and board the trains from the load
ing platforms along the east tracks.
The elimination of delay which will
result from the new system is ex
pected to make possible the loading
and setting in motion of trains leav
ing the Stadium Station at the same
rate as they leave the S.P. depot in
San Francisco.
The completion of a $20,000 pedes
trian underpass at the Stadium Sta
tion, Palo Alto, was announced by the
Southern Pacific Company yesterday.
This structure is expected to do away
with much confusion and delay in the
handling of the large crowds at the
football games, especially through the
consequent segregating of the Oak
land and San Francisco passengers.
The plan is that San Francisco-bound
passengers will board trains on the
west tracks, while East Bay passen
gers will walk through the underpass
and board the trains from the load
ing platforms along the east tracks.
The elimination of delay which will
result from the new system is ex
pected to make possible the loading
and setting in motion of trains leav
ing the Stadium Station at the same
rate as they leave the S.P. depot in
San Francisco.
The completion of a $20,000 pedes
trian underpass at the Stadium Sta
tion, Palo Alto, was announced by the
Southern Pacific Company yesterday.
This structure is expected to do away
with much confusion and delay in the
handling of the large crowds at the
football games, especially through the
consequent segregating of the Oak
land and San Francisco passengers.
The plan is that San Francisco-bound
passengers will board trains on the
west tracks, while East Bay passen
gers will walk through the underpass
and board the trains from the load
ing platforms along the east tracks.
The elimination of delay which will
result from the new system is ex
pected to make possible the loading
and setting in motion of trains leav
ing the Stadium Station at the same
rate as they leave the S.P. depot in
San Francisco.
The completion of a $20,000 pedes
trian underpass at the Stadium Sta
tion, Palo Alto, was announced by the
Southern Pacific Company yesterday.
This structure is expected to do away
with much confusion and delay in the
handling of the large crowds at the
football games, especially through the
consequent segregating of the Oak
land and San Francisco passengers.
The plan is that San Francisco-bound
passengers will board trains on the
west tracks, while East Bay passen
gers will walk through the underpass
and board the trains from the load
ing platforms along the east tracks.
The elimination of delay which will
result from the new system is ex
pected to make possible the loading
and setting in motion of trains leav
ing the Stadium Station at the same
rate as they leave the S.P. depot in
San Francisco.
