# STANFORD BASEBALL TEAM MAY TRAVEL TO JAPAN THIS SUMMER
## 
### 
A trip to Japan may be included in
the schedule of the varsity baseball
team next summer, according to Stan
ford Steinbeck, varsity manager. Al
though no definite arrangements have
been completed, the tentative plans
are that the trip will be made at the
conclusion of the intercollegiate con
tests next spring.
Regular baseball competition will
not begin until the middle of the win
ter quarter. There is much excellent
material from which to pick the var
sity team, and the prospects for a
strong freshman nine are the bright
est in several years, Steinbeck de
clared.
A trip to Japan may be included in
the schedule of the varsity baseball
team next summer, according to Stan
ford Steinbeck, varsity manager. Al
though no definite arrangements have
been completed, the tentative plans
are that the trip will be made at the
conclusion of the intercollegiate con
tests next spring.
Regular baseball competition will
not begin until the middle of the win
ter quarter. There is much excellent
material from which to pick the var
sity team, and the prospects for a
strong freshman nine are the bright
est in several years, Steinbeck de
clared.
A trip to Japan may be included in
the schedule of the varsity baseball
team next summer, according to Stan
ford Steinbeck, varsity manager. Al
though no definite arrangements have
been completed, the tentative plans
are that the trip will be made at the
conclusion of the intercollegiate con
tests next spring.
Regular baseball competition will
not begin until the middle of the win
ter quarter. There is much excellent
material from which to pick the var
sity team, and the prospects for a
strong freshman nine are the bright
est in several years, Steinbeck de
clared.
A trip to Japan may be included in
the schedule of the varsity baseball
team next summer, according to Stan
ford Steinbeck, varsity manager. Al
though no definite arrangements have
been completed, the tentative plans
are that the trip will be made at the
conclusion of the intercollegiate con
tests next spring.
Regular baseball competition will
not begin until the middle of the win
ter quarter. There is much excellent
material from which to pick the var
sity team, and the prospects for a
strong freshman nine are the bright
est in several years, Steinbeck de
clared.
A trip to Japan may be included in
the schedule of the varsity baseball
team next summer, according to Stan
ford Steinbeck, varsity manager. Al
though no definite arrangements have
been completed, the tentative plans
are that the trip will be made at the
conclusion of the intercollegiate con
tests next spring.
Regular baseball competition will
not begin until the middle of the win
ter quarter. There is much excellent
material from which to pick the var
sity team, and the prospects for a
strong freshman nine are the bright
est in several years, Steinbeck de
clared.
A trip to Japan may be included in
the schedule of the varsity baseball
team next summer, according to Stan
ford Steinbeck, varsity manager. Al
though no definite arrangements have
been completed, the tentative plans
are that the trip will be made at the
conclusion of the intercollegiate con
tests next spring.
Regular baseball competition will
not begin until the middle of the win
ter quarter. There is much excellent
material from which to pick the var
sity team, and the prospects for a
strong freshman nine are the bright
est in several years, Steinbeck de
clared.
A trip to Japan may be included in
the schedule of the varsity baseball
team next summer, according to Stan
ford Steinbeck, varsity manager. Al
though no definite arrangements have
been completed, the tentative plans
are that the trip will be made at the
conclusion of the intercollegiate con
tests next spring.
Regular baseball competition will
not begin until the middle of the win
ter quarter. There is much excellent
material from which to pick the var
sity team, and the prospects for a
strong freshman nine are the bright
est in several years, Steinbeck de
clared.
A trip to Japan may be included in
the schedule of the varsity baseball
team next summer, according to Stan
ford Steinbeck, varsity manager. Al
though no definite arrangements have
been completed, the tentative plans
are that the trip will be made at the
conclusion of the intercollegiate con
tests next spring.
Regular baseball competition will
not begin until the middle of the win
ter quarter. There is much excellent
material from which to pick the var
sity team, and the prospects for a
strong freshman nine are the bright
est in several years, Steinbeck de
clared.
A trip to Japan may be included in
the schedule of the varsity baseball
team next summer, according to Stan
ford Steinbeck, varsity manager. Al
though no definite arrangements have
been completed, the tentative plans
are that the trip will be made at the
conclusion of the intercollegiate con
tests next spring.
Regular baseball competition will
not begin until the middle of the win
ter quarter. There is much excellent
material from which to pick the var
sity team, and the prospects for a
strong freshman nine are the bright
est in several years, Steinbeck de
clared.
A trip to Japan may be included in
the schedule of the varsity baseball
team next summer, according to Stan
ford Steinbeck, varsity manager. Al
though no definite arrangements have
been completed, the tentative plans
are that the trip will be made at the
conclusion of the intercollegiate con
tests next spring.
Regular baseball competition will
not begin until the middle of the win
ter quarter. There is much excellent
material from which to pick the var
sity team, and the prospects for a
strong freshman nine are the bright
est in several years, Steinbeck de
clared.
A trip to Japan may be included in
the schedule of the varsity baseball
team next summer, according to Stan
ford Steinbeck, varsity manager. Al
though no definite arrangements have
been completed, the tentative plans
are that the trip will be made at the
conclusion of the intercollegiate con
tests next spring.
Regular baseball competition will
not begin until the middle of the win
ter quarter. There is much excellent
material from which to pick the var
sity team, and the prospects for a
strong freshman nine are the bright
est in several years, Steinbeck de
clared.
A trip to Japan may be included in
the schedule of the varsity baseball
team next summer, according to Stan
ford Steinbeck, varsity manager. Al
though no definite arrangements have
been completed, the tentative plans
are that the trip will be made at the
conclusion of the intercollegiate con
tests next spring.
Regular baseball competition will
not begin until the middle of the win
ter quarter. There is much excellent
material from which to pick the var
sity team, and the prospects for a
strong freshman nine are the bright
est in several years, Steinbeck de
clared.
A trip to Japan may be included in
the schedule of the varsity baseball
team next summer, according to Stan
ford Steinbeck, varsity manager. Al
though no definite arrangements have
been completed, the tentative plans
are that the trip will be made at the
conclusion of the intercollegiate con
tests next spring.
Regular baseball competition will
not begin until the middle of the win
ter quarter. There is much excellent
material from which to pick the var
sity team, and the prospects for a
strong freshman nine are the bright
est in several years, Steinbeck de
clared.
A trip to Japan may be included in
the schedule of the varsity baseball
team next summer, according to Stan
ford Steinbeck, varsity manager. Al
though no definite arrangements have
been completed, the tentative plans
are that the trip will be made at the
conclusion of the intercollegiate con
tests next spring.
Regular baseball competition will
not begin until the middle of the win
ter quarter. There is much excellent
material from which to pick the var
sity team, and the prospects for a
strong freshman nine are the bright
est in several years, Steinbeck de
clared.
A trip to Japan may be included in
the schedule of the varsity baseball
team next summer, according to Stan
ford Steinbeck, varsity manager. Al
though no definite arrangements have
been completed, the tentative plans
are that the trip will be made at the
conclusion of the intercollegiate con
tests next spring.
Regular baseball competition will
not begin until the middle of the win
ter quarter. There is much excellent
material from which to pick the var
sity team, and the prospects for a
strong freshman nine are the bright
est in several years, Steinbeck de
clared.
A trip to Japan may be included in
the schedule of the varsity baseball
team next summer, according to Stan
ford Steinbeck, varsity manager. Al
though no definite arrangements have
been completed, the tentative plans
are that the trip will be made at the
conclusion of the intercollegiate con
tests next spring.
Regular baseball competition will
not begin until the middle of the win
ter quarter. There is much excellent
material from which to pick the var
sity team, and the prospects for a
strong freshman nine are the bright
est in several years, Steinbeck de
clared.
A trip to Japan may be included in
the schedule of the varsity baseball
team next summer, according to Stan
ford Steinbeck, varsity manager. Al
though no definite arrangements have
been completed, the tentative plans
are that the trip will be made at the
conclusion of the intercollegiate con
tests next spring.
Regular baseball competition will
not begin until the middle of the win
ter quarter. There is much excellent
material from which to pick the var
sity team, and the prospects for a
strong freshman nine are the bright
est in several years, Steinbeck de
clared.
