# Track Ticket Sale Continues
## 
### 
Tickets will again be on sale
today at the B.A.C. for the
Stanford-U.S.C. track meet to
be held in the Stadium Satur
day.
Tickets will be on sale from
8:30 to 5 o'clock today through
Friday. Rooters tickets are 40
cents; general admission $1.10.
Student body cards must be
presented, and only two tick
ets will be given per person.
Tickets will again be on sale
today at the B.A.C. for the
Stanford-U.S.C. track meet to
be held in the Stadium Satur
day.
Tickets will be on sale from
8:30 to 5 o'clock today through
Friday. Rooters tickets are 40
cents; general admission $1.10.
Student body cards must be
presented, and only two tick
ets will be given per person.
Tickets will again be on sale
today at the B.A.C. for the
Stanford-U.S.C. track meet to
be held in the Stadium Satur
day.
Tickets will be on sale from
8:30 to 5 o'clock today through
Friday. Rooters tickets are 40
cents; general admission $1.10.
Student body cards must be
presented, and only two tick
ets will be given per person.
Tickets will again be on sale
today at the B.A.C. for the
Stanford-U.S.C. track meet to
be held in the Stadium Satur
day.
Tickets will be on sale from
8:30 to 5 o'clock today through
Friday. Rooters tickets are 40
cents; general admission $1.10.
Student body cards must be
presented, and only two tick
ets will be given per person.
Tickets will again be on sale
today at the B.A.C. for the
Stanford-U.S.C. track meet to
be held in the Stadium Satur
day.
Tickets will be on sale from
8:30 to 5 o'clock today through
Friday. Rooters tickets are 40
cents; general admission $1.10.
Student body cards must be
presented, and only two tick
ets will be given per person.
Tickets will again be on sale
today at the B.A.C. for the
Stanford-U.S.C. track meet to
be held in the Stadium Satur
day.
Tickets will be on sale from
8:30 to 5 o'clock today through
Friday. Rooters tickets are 40
cents; general admission $1.10.
Student body cards must be
presented, and only two tick
ets will be given per person.
Tickets will again be on sale
today at the B.A.C. for the
Stanford-U.S.C. track meet to
be held in the Stadium Satur
day.
Tickets will be on sale from
8:30 to 5 o'clock today through
Friday. Rooters tickets are 40
cents; general admission $1.10.
Student body cards must be
presented, and only two tick
ets will be given per person.
Tickets will again be on sale
today at the B.A.C. for the
Stanford-U.S.C. track meet to
be held in the Stadium Satur
day.
Tickets will be on sale from
8:30 to 5 o'clock today through
Friday. Rooters tickets are 40
cents; general admission $1.10.
Student body cards must be
presented, and only two tick
ets will be given per person.
Tickets will again be on sale
today at the B.A.C. for the
Stanford-U.S.C. track meet to
be held in the Stadium Satur
day.
Tickets will be on sale from
8:30 to 5 o'clock today through
Friday. Rooters tickets are 40
cents; general admission $1.10.
Student body cards must be
presented, and only two tick
ets will be given per person.
Tickets will again be on sale
today at the B.A.C. for the
Stanford-U.S.C. track meet to
be held in the Stadium Satur
day.
Tickets will be on sale from
8:30 to 5 o'clock today through
Friday. Rooters tickets are 40
cents; general admission $1.10.
Student body cards must be
presented, and only two tick
ets will be given per person.
Tickets will again be on sale
today at the B.A.C. for the
Stanford-U.S.C. track meet to
be held in the Stadium Satur
day.
Tickets will be on sale from
8:30 to 5 o'clock today through
Friday. Rooters tickets are 40
cents; general admission $1.10.
Student body cards must be
presented, and only two tick
ets will be given per person.
Tickets will again be on sale
today at the B.A.C. for the
Stanford-U.S.C. track meet to
be held in the Stadium Satur
day.
Tickets will be on sale from
8:30 to 5 o'clock today through
Friday. Rooters tickets are 40
cents; general admission $1.10.
Student body cards must be
presented, and only two tick
ets will be given per person.
Tickets will again be on sale
today at the B.A.C. for the
Stanford-U.S.C. track meet to
be held in the Stadium Satur
day.
Tickets will be on sale from
8:30 to 5 o'clock today through
Friday. Rooters tickets are 40
cents; general admission $1.10.
Student body cards must be
presented, and only two tick
ets will be given per person.
Tickets will again be on sale
today at the B.A.C. for the
Stanford-U.S.C. track meet to
be held in the Stadium Satur
day.
Tickets will be on sale from
8:30 to 5 o'clock today through
Friday. Rooters tickets are 40
cents; general admission $1.10.
Student body cards must be
presented, and only two tick
ets will be given per person.
Tickets will again be on sale
today at the B.A.C. for the
Stanford-U.S.C. track meet to
be held in the Stadium Satur
day.
Tickets will be on sale from
8:30 to 5 o'clock today through
Friday. Rooters tickets are 40
cents; general admission $1.10.
Student body cards must be
presented, and only two tick
ets will be given per person.
Tickets will again be on sale
today at the B.A.C. for the
Stanford-U.S.C. track meet to
be held in the Stadium Satur
day.
Tickets will be on sale from
8:30 to 5 o'clock today through
Friday. Rooters tickets are 40
cents; general admission $1.10.
Student body cards must be
presented, and only two tick
ets will be given per person.
