# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The final report of the treasurer
of the Associated Students, which
appears in this issue of the Daily
Palo Alto, shows that that office
requires no slight business and ad
ministrative ability. More busi
ness has been transacted this year
than ever before. When Mr. Tay
lor took charge of the treasurer's
office there was a debt of $1,300
against the student body. He has
paid into the training house fund
the money due it, and the other
expenses were much greater during
the past semester than usually.
Too much praise cannot be given
him for the strong financial basis
on which he leaves the Associated
Students. His reports have been
complete, and show the complete
systematization that has character
ized his entire administration. The
new treasurer will be able to step
into the office knowing that every
thing is in first-class shape.
