# THURSDAY
## 
### 
Point/Counterpoint — A new fea
ture will be appearing every
Thursday in The Daily. Two people
on opposite sides of an issue will
go head-to-head. This week, Kyle
Glenn of Facilities Project Man
agement, and Patricia Elsen of the
Palo Alto Humane Society, debate
the alleged dangers of the pro
posed Research Animal Facility 11.
Page 4
Tree for a Day — Did you ever
wonder what it would be like to
don the costume of the infamous
Stanford Tree? Well, one of our
intrepid reporters got that chance
at the basketball game against
Arizona State Saturday. He brings
you his story. Page 7
Point/Counterpoint — A new fea
ture will be appearing every
Thursday in The Daily. Two people
on opposite sides of an issue will
go head-to-head. This week, Kyle
Glenn of Facilities Project Man
agement, and Patricia Elsen of the
Palo Alto Humane Society, debate
the alleged dangers of the pro
posed Research Animal Facility 11.
Page 4
Tree for a Day — Did you ever
wonder what it would be like to
don the costume of the infamous
Stanford Tree? Well, one of our
intrepid reporters got that chance
at the basketball game against
Arizona State Saturday. He brings
you his story. Page 7
Point/Counterpoint — A new fea
ture will be appearing every
Thursday in The Daily. Two people
on opposite sides of an issue will
go head-to-head. This week, Kyle
Glenn of Facilities Project Man
agement, and Patricia Elsen of the
Palo Alto Humane Society, debate
the alleged dangers of the pro
posed Research Animal Facility 11.
Page 4
Tree for a Day — Did you ever
wonder what it would be like to
don the costume of the infamous
Stanford Tree? Well, one of our
intrepid reporters got that chance
at the basketball game against
Arizona State Saturday. He brings
you his story. Page 7
Point/Counterpoint — A new fea
ture will be appearing every
Thursday in The Daily. Two people
on opposite sides of an issue will
go head-to-head. This week, Kyle
Glenn of Facilities Project Man
agement, and Patricia Elsen of the
Palo Alto Humane Society, debate
the alleged dangers of the pro
posed Research Animal Facility 11.
Page 4
Tree for a Day — Did you ever
wonder what it would be like to
don the costume of the infamous
Stanford Tree? Well, one of our
intrepid reporters got that chance
at the basketball game against
Arizona State Saturday. He brings
you his story. Page 7
Point/Counterpoint — A new fea
ture will be appearing every
Thursday in The Daily. Two people
on opposite sides of an issue will
go head-to-head. This week, Kyle
Glenn of Facilities Project Man
agement, and Patricia Elsen of the
Palo Alto Humane Society, debate
the alleged dangers of the pro
posed Research Animal Facility 11.
Page 4
Tree for a Day — Did you ever
wonder what it would be like to
don the costume of the infamous
Stanford Tree? Well, one of our
intrepid reporters got that chance
at the basketball game against
Arizona State Saturday. He brings
you his story. Page 7
Point/Counterpoint — A new fea
ture will be appearing every
Thursday in The Daily. Two people
on opposite sides of an issue will
go head-to-head. This week, Kyle
Glenn of Facilities Project Man
agement, and Patricia Elsen of the
Palo Alto Humane Society, debate
the alleged dangers of the pro
posed Research Animal Facility 11.
Page 4
Tree for a Day — Did you ever
wonder what it would be like to
don the costume of the infamous
Stanford Tree? Well, one of our
intrepid reporters got that chance
at the basketball game against
Arizona State Saturday. He brings
you his story. Page 7
Point/Counterpoint — A new fea
ture will be appearing every
Thursday in The Daily. Two people
on opposite sides of an issue will
go head-to-head. This week, Kyle
Glenn of Facilities Project Man
agement, and Patricia Elsen of the
Palo Alto Humane Society, debate
the alleged dangers of the pro
posed Research Animal Facility 11.
Page 4
Tree for a Day — Did you ever
wonder what it would be like to
don the costume of the infamous
Stanford Tree? Well, one of our
intrepid reporters got that chance
at the basketball game against
Arizona State Saturday. He brings
you his story. Page 7
Point/Counterpoint — A new fea
ture will be appearing every
Thursday in The Daily. Two people
on opposite sides of an issue will
go head-to-head. This week, Kyle
Glenn of Facilities Project Man
agement, and Patricia Elsen of the
Palo Alto Humane Society, debate
the alleged dangers of the pro
posed Research Animal Facility 11.
Page 4
Tree for a Day — Did you ever
wonder what it would be like to
don the costume of the infamous
Stanford Tree? Well, one of our
intrepid reporters got that chance
at the basketball game against
Arizona State Saturday. He brings
you his story. Page 7
