# Bruins Gaining In Key Offense Departments
## Game Scoring Mark Boosts Uclans' Lead In Point Production 
### 
The league-leading UCLA Bru
ins continue to run along unhin
dered in the Pacific Coast Con
ference race as they pull further
in front of the team statistics.
While rolling up an all-time
single-game scoring record of 108
points against the Oregon Ducks,
last weekend, the Bruins extended
their lead in team offense to al
most 11 points over crosstown ri
val USC. The Uclans have tallied
an average of 81.4 points a game
to the Trojans' 70.8 mark.
Mainly on the strength of the
circuit's outstanding rebounder.
Willie Naulls, UCLA is also com
fortably in front in team rebound
ing with 58 per cent of possible
rebounds. USC trails the Bruins
in this department, too, with 54
per cent.
Stanford's main gain of the
week was in total offense as the
Indians of Howie Dallmar moved
into third place with a mark of
66.4 points each time they play.
The Indians now occupy fifth
place in the standings with two
games to go.
University of Washington con
tinued to lead three departments
field goal and total defense and
free throw shooting. The Huskies
lead the latter race with a .695
mark.
Coach Tippy Dye's quintet leads
chief runner-up USC in both of
the defensive departments. The
Huskies have allowed just 57.7
points a game while the Trojans
have surrendered 58.5. Stanford
ranks fourth here wit h 63.1 mark
ers a game. USC trails Washing
ton, .324 a game to .327 in field
goal defense.
The league-leading UCLA Bru
ins continue to run along unhin
dered in the Pacific Coast Con
ference race as they pull further
in front of the team statistics.
While rolling up an all-time
single-game scoring record of 108
points against the Oregon Ducks,
last weekend, the Bruins extended
their lead in team offense to al
most 11 points over crosstown ri
val USC. The Uclans have tallied
an average of 81.4 points a game
to the Trojans' 70.8 mark.
Mainly on the strength of the
circuit's outstanding rebounder.
Willie Naulls, UCLA is also com
fortably in front in team rebound
ing with 58 per cent of possible
rebounds. USC trails the Bruins
in this department, too, with 54
per cent.
Stanford's main gain of the
week was in total offense as the
Indians of Howie Dallmar moved
into third place with a mark of
66.4 points each time they play.
The Indians now occupy fifth
place in the standings with two
games to go.
University of Washington con
tinued to lead three departments
field goal and total defense and
free throw shooting. The Huskies
lead the latter race with a .695
mark.
Coach Tippy Dye's quintet leads
chief runner-up USC in both of
the defensive departments. The
Huskies have allowed just 57.7
points a game while the Trojans
have surrendered 58.5. Stanford
ranks fourth here wit h 63.1 mark
ers a game. USC trails Washing
ton, .324 a game to .327 in field
goal defense.
The league-leading UCLA Bru
ins continue to run along unhin
dered in the Pacific Coast Con
ference race as they pull further
in front of the team statistics.
While rolling up an all-time
single-game scoring record of 108
points against the Oregon Ducks,
last weekend, the Bruins extended
their lead in team offense to al
most 11 points over crosstown ri
val USC. The Uclans have tallied
an average of 81.4 points a game
to the Trojans' 70.8 mark.
Mainly on the strength of the
circuit's outstanding rebounder.
Willie Naulls, UCLA is also com
fortably in front in team rebound
ing with 58 per cent of possible
rebounds. USC trails the Bruins
in this department, too, with 54
per cent.
Stanford's main gain of the
week was in total offense as the
Indians of Howie Dallmar moved
into third place with a mark of
66.4 points each time they play.
The Indians now occupy fifth
place in the standings with two
games to go.
University of Washington con
tinued to lead three departments
field goal and total defense and
free throw shooting. The Huskies
lead the latter race with a .695
mark.
Coach Tippy Dye's quintet leads
chief runner-up USC in both of
the defensive departments. The
Huskies have allowed just 57.7
points a game while the Trojans
have surrendered 58.5. Stanford
ranks fourth here wit h 63.1 mark
ers a game. USC trails Washing
ton, .324 a game to .327 in field
goal defense.
The league-leading UCLA Bru
ins continue to run along unhin
dered in the Pacific Coast Con
ference race as they pull further
in front of the team statistics.
While rolling up an all-time
single-game scoring record of 108
points against the Oregon Ducks,
last weekend, the Bruins extended
their lead in team offense to al
most 11 points over crosstown ri
val USC. The Uclans have tallied
an average of 81.4 points a game
to the Trojans' 70.8 mark.
Mainly on the strength of the
circuit's outstanding rebounder.
Willie Naulls, UCLA is also com
fortably in front in team rebound
ing with 58 per cent of possible
rebounds. USC trails the Bruins
in this department, too, with 54
per cent.
Stanford's main gain of the
week was in total offense as the
Indians of Howie Dallmar moved
into third place with a mark of
66.4 points each time they play.
The Indians now occupy fifth
place in the standings with two
games to go.
University of Washington con
tinued to lead three departments
field goal and total defense and
free throw shooting. The Huskies
lead the latter race with a .695
mark.
Coach Tippy Dye's quintet leads
chief runner-up USC in both of
the defensive departments. The
Huskies have allowed just 57.7
points a game while the Trojans
have surrendered 58.5. Stanford
ranks fourth here wit h 63.1 mark
ers a game. USC trails Washing
ton, .324 a game to .327 in field
goal defense.
The league-leading UCLA Bru
ins continue to run along unhin
dered in the Pacific Coast Con
ference race as they pull further
in front of the team statistics.
While rolling up an all-time
single-game scoring record of 108
points against the Oregon Ducks,
last weekend, the Bruins extended
their lead in team offense to al
most 11 points over crosstown ri
val USC. The Uclans have tallied
an average of 81.4 points a game
to the Trojans' 70.8 mark.
Mainly on the strength of the
circuit's outstanding rebounder.
Willie Naulls, UCLA is also com
fortably in front in team rebound
ing with 58 per cent of possible
rebounds. USC trails the Bruins
in this department, too, with 54
per cent.
Stanford's main gain of the
week was in total offense as the
Indians of Howie Dallmar moved
into third place with a mark of
66.4 points each time they play.
The Indians now occupy fifth
place in the standings with two
games to go.
University of Washington con
tinued to lead three departments
field goal and total defense and
free throw shooting. The Huskies
lead the latter race with a .695
mark.
Coach Tippy Dye's quintet leads
chief runner-up USC in both of
the defensive departments. The
Huskies have allowed just 57.7
points a game while the Trojans
have surrendered 58.5. Stanford
ranks fourth here wit h 63.1 mark
ers a game. USC trails Washing
ton, .324 a game to .327 in field
goal defense.
The league-leading UCLA Bru
ins continue to run along unhin
dered in the Pacific Coast Con
ference race as they pull further
in front of the team statistics.
While rolling up an all-time
single-game scoring record of 108
points against the Oregon Ducks,
last weekend, the Bruins extended
their lead in team offense to al
most 11 points over crosstown ri
val USC. The Uclans have tallied
an average of 81.4 points a game
to the Trojans' 70.8 mark.
Mainly on the strength of the
circuit's outstanding rebounder.
Willie Naulls, UCLA is also com
fortably in front in team rebound
ing with 58 per cent of possible
rebounds. USC trails the Bruins
in this department, too, with 54
per cent.
Stanford's main gain of the
week was in total offense as the
Indians of Howie Dallmar moved
into third place with a mark of
66.4 points each time they play.
The Indians now occupy fifth
place in the standings with two
games to go.
University of Washington con
tinued to lead three departments
field goal and total defense and
free throw shooting. The Huskies
lead the latter race with a .695
mark.
Coach Tippy Dye's quintet leads
chief runner-up USC in both of
the defensive departments. The
Huskies have allowed just 57.7
points a game while the Trojans
have surrendered 58.5. Stanford
ranks fourth here wit h 63.1 mark
ers a game. USC trails Washing
ton, .324 a game to .327 in field
goal defense.
The league-leading UCLA Bru
ins continue to run along unhin
dered in the Pacific Coast Con
ference race as they pull further
in front of the team statistics.
While rolling up an all-time
single-game scoring record of 108
points against the Oregon Ducks,
last weekend, the Bruins extended
their lead in team offense to al
most 11 points over crosstown ri
val USC. The Uclans have tallied
an average of 81.4 points a game
to the Trojans' 70.8 mark.
Mainly on the strength of the
circuit's outstanding rebounder.
Willie Naulls, UCLA is also com
fortably in front in team rebound
ing with 58 per cent of possible
rebounds. USC trails the Bruins
in this department, too, with 54
per cent.
Stanford's main gain of the
week was in total offense as the
Indians of Howie Dallmar moved
into third place with a mark of
66.4 points each time they play.
The Indians now occupy fifth
place in the standings with two
games to go.
University of Washington con
tinued to lead three departments
field goal and total defense and
free throw shooting. The Huskies
lead the latter race with a .695
mark.
Coach Tippy Dye's quintet leads
chief runner-up USC in both of
the defensive departments. The
Huskies have allowed just 57.7
points a game while the Trojans
have surrendered 58.5. Stanford
ranks fourth here wit h 63.1 mark
ers a game. USC trails Washing
ton, .324 a game to .327 in field
goal defense.
The league-leading UCLA Bru
ins continue to run along unhin
dered in the Pacific Coast Con
ference race as they pull further
in front of the team statistics.
While rolling up an all-time
single-game scoring record of 108
points against the Oregon Ducks,
last weekend, the Bruins extended
their lead in team offense to al
most 11 points over crosstown ri
val USC. The Uclans have tallied
an average of 81.4 points a game
to the Trojans' 70.8 mark.
Mainly on the strength of the
circuit's outstanding rebounder.
Willie Naulls, UCLA is also com
fortably in front in team rebound
ing with 58 per cent of possible
rebounds. USC trails the Bruins
in this department, too, with 54
per cent.
Stanford's main gain of the
week was in total offense as the
Indians of Howie Dallmar moved
into third place with a mark of
66.4 points each time they play.
The Indians now occupy fifth
place in the standings with two
games to go.
University of Washington con
tinued to lead three departments
field goal and total defense and
free throw shooting. The Huskies
lead the latter race with a .695
mark.
Coach Tippy Dye's quintet leads
chief runner-up USC in both of
the defensive departments. The
Huskies have allowed just 57.7
points a game while the Trojans
have surrendered 58.5. Stanford
ranks fourth here wit h 63.1 mark
ers a game. USC trails Washing
ton, .324 a game to .327 in field
goal defense.
The league-leading UCLA Bru
ins continue to run along unhin
dered in the Pacific Coast Con
ference race as they pull further
in front of the team statistics.
While rolling up an all-time
single-game scoring record of 108
points against the Oregon Ducks,
last weekend, the Bruins extended
their lead in team offense to al
most 11 points over crosstown ri
val USC. The Uclans have tallied
an average of 81.4 points a game
to the Trojans' 70.8 mark.
Mainly on the strength of the
circuit's outstanding rebounder.
Willie Naulls, UCLA is also com
fortably in front in team rebound
ing with 58 per cent of possible
rebounds. USC trails the Bruins
in this department, too, with 54
per cent.
Stanford's main gain of the
week was in total offense as the
Indians of Howie Dallmar moved
into third place with a mark of
66.4 points each time they play.
The Indians now occupy fifth
place in the standings with two
games to go.
University of Washington con
tinued to lead three departments
field goal and total defense and
free throw shooting. The Huskies
lead the latter race with a .695
mark.
Coach Tippy Dye's quintet leads
chief runner-up USC in both of
the defensive departments. The
Huskies have allowed just 57.7
points a game while the Trojans
have surrendered 58.5. Stanford
ranks fourth here wit h 63.1 mark
ers a game. USC trails Washing
ton, .324 a game to .327 in field
goal defense.
The league-leading UCLA Bru
ins continue to run along unhin
dered in the Pacific Coast Con
ference race as they pull further
in front of the team statistics.
While rolling up an all-time
single-game scoring record of 108
points against the Oregon Ducks,
last weekend, the Bruins extended
their lead in team offense to al
most 11 points over crosstown ri
val USC. The Uclans have tallied
an average of 81.4 points a game
to the Trojans' 70.8 mark.
Mainly on the strength of the
circuit's outstanding rebounder.
Willie Naulls, UCLA is also com
fortably in front in team rebound
ing with 58 per cent of possible
rebounds. USC trails the Bruins
in this department, too, with 54
per cent.
Stanford's main gain of the
week was in total offense as the
Indians of Howie Dallmar moved
into third place with a mark of
66.4 points each time they play.
The Indians now occupy fifth
place in the standings with two
games to go.
University of Washington con
tinued to lead three departments
field goal and total defense and
free throw shooting. The Huskies
lead the latter race with a .695
mark.
Coach Tippy Dye's quintet leads
chief runner-up USC in both of
the defensive departments. The
Huskies have allowed just 57.7
points a game while the Trojans
have surrendered 58.5. Stanford
ranks fourth here wit h 63.1 mark
ers a game. USC trails Washing
ton, .324 a game to .327 in field
goal defense.
The league-leading UCLA Bru
ins continue to run along unhin
dered in the Pacific Coast Con
ference race as they pull further
in front of the team statistics.
While rolling up an all-time
single-game scoring record of 108
points against the Oregon Ducks,
last weekend, the Bruins extended
their lead in team offense to al
most 11 points over crosstown ri
val USC. The Uclans have tallied
an average of 81.4 points a game
to the Trojans' 70.8 mark.
Mainly on the strength of the
circuit's outstanding rebounder.
Willie Naulls, UCLA is also com
fortably in front in team rebound
ing with 58 per cent of possible
rebounds. USC trails the Bruins
in this department, too, with 54
per cent.
Stanford's main gain of the
week was in total offense as the
Indians of Howie Dallmar moved
into third place with a mark of
66.4 points each time they play.
The Indians now occupy fifth
place in the standings with two
games to go.
University of Washington con
tinued to lead three departments
field goal and total defense and
free throw shooting. The Huskies
lead the latter race with a .695
mark.
Coach Tippy Dye's quintet leads
chief runner-up USC in both of
the defensive departments. The
Huskies have allowed just 57.7
points a game while the Trojans
have surrendered 58.5. Stanford
ranks fourth here wit h 63.1 mark
ers a game. USC trails Washing
ton, .324 a game to .327 in field
goal defense.
The league-leading UCLA Bru
ins continue to run along unhin
dered in the Pacific Coast Con
ference race as they pull further
in front of the team statistics.
While rolling up an all-time
single-game scoring record of 108
points against the Oregon Ducks,
last weekend, the Bruins extended
their lead in team offense to al
most 11 points over crosstown ri
val USC. The Uclans have tallied
an average of 81.4 points a game
to the Trojans' 70.8 mark.
Mainly on the strength of the
circuit's outstanding rebounder.
Willie Naulls, UCLA is also com
fortably in front in team rebound
ing with 58 per cent of possible
rebounds. USC trails the Bruins
in this department, too, with 54
per cent.
Stanford's main gain of the
week was in total offense as the
Indians of Howie Dallmar moved
into third place with a mark of
66.4 points each time they play.
The Indians now occupy fifth
place in the standings with two
games to go.
University of Washington con
tinued to lead three departments
field goal and total defense and
free throw shooting. The Huskies
lead the latter race with a .695
mark.
Coach Tippy Dye's quintet leads
chief runner-up USC in both of
the defensive departments. The
Huskies have allowed just 57.7
points a game while the Trojans
have surrendered 58.5. Stanford
ranks fourth here wit h 63.1 mark
ers a game. USC trails Washing
ton, .324 a game to .327 in field
goal defense.
The league-leading UCLA Bru
ins continue to run along unhin
dered in the Pacific Coast Con
ference race as they pull further
in front of the team statistics.
While rolling up an all-time
single-game scoring record of 108
points against the Oregon Ducks,
last weekend, the Bruins extended
their lead in team offense to al
most 11 points over crosstown ri
val USC. The Uclans have tallied
an average of 81.4 points a game
to the Trojans' 70.8 mark.
Mainly on the strength of the
circuit's outstanding rebounder.
Willie Naulls, UCLA is also com
fortably in front in team rebound
ing with 58 per cent of possible
rebounds. USC trails the Bruins
in this department, too, with 54
per cent.
Stanford's main gain of the
week was in total offense as the
Indians of Howie Dallmar moved
into third place with a mark of
66.4 points each time they play.
The Indians now occupy fifth
place in the standings with two
games to go.
University of Washington con
tinued to lead three departments
field goal and total defense and
free throw shooting. The Huskies
lead the latter race with a .695
mark.
Coach Tippy Dye's quintet leads
chief runner-up USC in both of
the defensive departments. The
Huskies have allowed just 57.7
points a game while the Trojans
have surrendered 58.5. Stanford
ranks fourth here wit h 63.1 mark
ers a game. USC trails Washing
ton, .324 a game to .327 in field
goal defense.
The league-leading UCLA Bru
ins continue to run along unhin
dered in the Pacific Coast Con
ference race as they pull further
in front of the team statistics.
While rolling up an all-time
single-game scoring record of 108
points against the Oregon Ducks,
last weekend, the Bruins extended
their lead in team offense to al
most 11 points over crosstown ri
val USC. The Uclans have tallied
an average of 81.4 points a game
to the Trojans' 70.8 mark.
Mainly on the strength of the
circuit's outstanding rebounder.
Willie Naulls, UCLA is also com
fortably in front in team rebound
ing with 58 per cent of possible
rebounds. USC trails the Bruins
in this department, too, with 54
per cent.
Stanford's main gain of the
week was in total offense as the
Indians of Howie Dallmar moved
into third place with a mark of
66.4 points each time they play.
The Indians now occupy fifth
place in the standings with two
games to go.
University of Washington con
tinued to lead three departments
field goal and total defense and
free throw shooting. The Huskies
lead the latter race with a .695
mark.
Coach Tippy Dye's quintet leads
chief runner-up USC in both of
the defensive departments. The
Huskies have allowed just 57.7
points a game while the Trojans
have surrendered 58.5. Stanford
ranks fourth here wit h 63.1 mark
ers a game. USC trails Washing
ton, .324 a game to .327 in field
goal defense.
The league-leading UCLA Bru
ins continue to run along unhin
dered in the Pacific Coast Con
ference race as they pull further
in front of the team statistics.
While rolling up an all-time
single-game scoring record of 108
points against the Oregon Ducks,
last weekend, the Bruins extended
their lead in team offense to al
most 11 points over crosstown ri
val USC. The Uclans have tallied
an average of 81.4 points a game
to the Trojans' 70.8 mark.
Mainly on the strength of the
circuit's outstanding rebounder.
Willie Naulls, UCLA is also com
fortably in front in team rebound
ing with 58 per cent of possible
rebounds. USC trails the Bruins
in this department, too, with 54
per cent.
Stanford's main gain of the
week was in total offense as the
Indians of Howie Dallmar moved
into third place with a mark of
66.4 points each time they play.
The Indians now occupy fifth
place in the standings with two
games to go.
University of Washington con
tinued to lead three departments
field goal and total defense and
free throw shooting. The Huskies
lead the latter race with a .695
mark.
Coach Tippy Dye's quintet leads
chief runner-up USC in both of
the defensive departments. The
Huskies have allowed just 57.7
points a game while the Trojans
have surrendered 58.5. Stanford
ranks fourth here wit h 63.1 mark
ers a game. USC trails Washing
ton, .324 a game to .327 in field
goal defense.
