# ESPRI to Discuss Korean Education
## 
### 
"Korean Education" will be the
subject of ESPRI's weekly lunch
eon-discussion meeting to be held
today at 12:15 p.m. in Room e57,
Cubberley.
ESPRI, Educational Society for
the Promotion of Relations Inter
cultural. is an organization of
American and foreign students in
the graduate school of education.
Guest speaker is Miss Kapsoon
Kim Lee of Korea.
"Korean Education" will be the
subject of ESPRI's weekly lunch
eon-discussion meeting to be held
today at 12:15 p.m. in Room e57,
Cubberley.
ESPRI, Educational Society for
the Promotion of Relations Inter
cultural. is an organization of
American and foreign students in
the graduate school of education.
Guest speaker is Miss Kapsoon
Kim Lee of Korea.
"Korean Education" will be the
subject of ESPRI's weekly lunch
eon-discussion meeting to be held
today at 12:15 p.m. in Room e57,
Cubberley.
ESPRI, Educational Society for
the Promotion of Relations Inter
cultural. is an organization of
American and foreign students in
the graduate school of education.
Guest speaker is Miss Kapsoon
Kim Lee of Korea.
"Korean Education" will be the
subject of ESPRI's weekly lunch
eon-discussion meeting to be held
today at 12:15 p.m. in Room e57,
Cubberley.
ESPRI, Educational Society for
the Promotion of Relations Inter
cultural. is an organization of
American and foreign students in
the graduate school of education.
Guest speaker is Miss Kapsoon
Kim Lee of Korea.
"Korean Education" will be the
subject of ESPRI's weekly lunch
eon-discussion meeting to be held
today at 12:15 p.m. in Room e57,
Cubberley.
ESPRI, Educational Society for
the Promotion of Relations Inter
cultural. is an organization of
American and foreign students in
the graduate school of education.
Guest speaker is Miss Kapsoon
Kim Lee of Korea.
"Korean Education" will be the
subject of ESPRI's weekly lunch
eon-discussion meeting to be held
today at 12:15 p.m. in Room e57,
Cubberley.
ESPRI, Educational Society for
the Promotion of Relations Inter
cultural. is an organization of
American and foreign students in
the graduate school of education.
Guest speaker is Miss Kapsoon
Kim Lee of Korea.
"Korean Education" will be the
subject of ESPRI's weekly lunch
eon-discussion meeting to be held
today at 12:15 p.m. in Room e57,
Cubberley.
ESPRI, Educational Society for
the Promotion of Relations Inter
cultural. is an organization of
American and foreign students in
the graduate school of education.
Guest speaker is Miss Kapsoon
Kim Lee of Korea.
"Korean Education" will be the
subject of ESPRI's weekly lunch
eon-discussion meeting to be held
today at 12:15 p.m. in Room e57,
Cubberley.
ESPRI, Educational Society for
the Promotion of Relations Inter
cultural. is an organization of
American and foreign students in
the graduate school of education.
Guest speaker is Miss Kapsoon
Kim Lee of Korea.
"Korean Education" will be the
subject of ESPRI's weekly lunch
eon-discussion meeting to be held
today at 12:15 p.m. in Room e57,
Cubberley.
ESPRI, Educational Society for
the Promotion of Relations Inter
cultural. is an organization of
American and foreign students in
the graduate school of education.
Guest speaker is Miss Kapsoon
Kim Lee of Korea.
"Korean Education" will be the
subject of ESPRI's weekly lunch
eon-discussion meeting to be held
today at 12:15 p.m. in Room e57,
Cubberley.
ESPRI, Educational Society for
the Promotion of Relations Inter
cultural. is an organization of
American and foreign students in
the graduate school of education.
Guest speaker is Miss Kapsoon
Kim Lee of Korea.
"Korean Education" will be the
subject of ESPRI's weekly lunch
eon-discussion meeting to be held
today at 12:15 p.m. in Room e57,
Cubberley.
ESPRI, Educational Society for
the Promotion of Relations Inter
cultural. is an organization of
American and foreign students in
the graduate school of education.
Guest speaker is Miss Kapsoon
Kim Lee of Korea.
"Korean Education" will be the
subject of ESPRI's weekly lunch
eon-discussion meeting to be held
today at 12:15 p.m. in Room e57,
Cubberley.
ESPRI, Educational Society for
the Promotion of Relations Inter
cultural. is an organization of
American and foreign students in
the graduate school of education.
Guest speaker is Miss Kapsoon
Kim Lee of Korea.
"Korean Education" will be the
subject of ESPRI's weekly lunch
eon-discussion meeting to be held
today at 12:15 p.m. in Room e57,
Cubberley.
ESPRI, Educational Society for
the Promotion of Relations Inter
cultural. is an organization of
American and foreign students in
the graduate school of education.
Guest speaker is Miss Kapsoon
Kim Lee of Korea.
"Korean Education" will be the
subject of ESPRI's weekly lunch
eon-discussion meeting to be held
today at 12:15 p.m. in Room e57,
Cubberley.
ESPRI, Educational Society for
the Promotion of Relations Inter
cultural. is an organization of
American and foreign students in
the graduate school of education.
Guest speaker is Miss Kapsoon
Kim Lee of Korea.
"Korean Education" will be the
subject of ESPRI's weekly lunch
eon-discussion meeting to be held
today at 12:15 p.m. in Room e57,
Cubberley.
ESPRI, Educational Society for
the Promotion of Relations Inter
cultural. is an organization of
American and foreign students in
the graduate school of education.
Guest speaker is Miss Kapsoon
Kim Lee of Korea.
