# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Auk we going to have an enter
tainment Thanksgiving night? It
doesn't look that way at present.
Thanksgiving is two weeks off, and
practically nothing has been done
outside the members of the Glee and
Mandolin Clubs. One of the farces
has been given up, and rehearsal
after rehearsal is set for extrava
ganza without having the effect of
bringing out a single actor. Sev
eral of the performers are engaged
ill a pitched battle over the matter.
The Daily I'alo Alto is not
taking sides in the matter. Weave
not saying to whom the blame or
credit does or does not belong, but
we do strongly deprecate the dis
position which puts so much per
sonal feeling and personal enmity
into an affair which (he University
has a right to expect to be carried
through.
Auk we going to have an enter
tainment Thanksgiving night? It
doesn't look that way at present.
Thanksgiving is two weeks off, and
practically nothing has been done
outside the members of the Glee and
Mandolin Clubs. One of the farces
has been given up, and rehearsal
after rehearsal is set for extrava
ganza without having the effect of
bringing out a single actor. Sev
eral of the performers are engaged
ill a pitched battle over the matter.
The Daily I'alo Alto is not
taking sides in the matter. Weave
not saying to whom the blame or
credit does or does not belong, but
we do strongly deprecate the dis
position which puts so much per
sonal feeling and personal enmity
into an affair which (he University
has a right to expect to be carried
through.
Auk we going to have an enter
tainment Thanksgiving night? It
doesn't look that way at present.
Thanksgiving is two weeks off, and
practically nothing has been done
outside the members of the Glee and
Mandolin Clubs. One of the farces
has been given up, and rehearsal
after rehearsal is set for extrava
ganza without having the effect of
bringing out a single actor. Sev
eral of the performers are engaged
ill a pitched battle over the matter.
The Daily I'alo Alto is not
taking sides in the matter. Weave
not saying to whom the blame or
credit does or does not belong, but
we do strongly deprecate the dis
position which puts so much per
sonal feeling and personal enmity
into an affair which (he University
has a right to expect to be carried
through.
Auk we going to have an enter
tainment Thanksgiving night? It
doesn't look that way at present.
Thanksgiving is two weeks off, and
practically nothing has been done
outside the members of the Glee and
Mandolin Clubs. One of the farces
has been given up, and rehearsal
after rehearsal is set for extrava
ganza without having the effect of
bringing out a single actor. Sev
eral of the performers are engaged
ill a pitched battle over the matter.
The Daily I'alo Alto is not
taking sides in the matter. Weave
not saying to whom the blame or
credit does or does not belong, but
we do strongly deprecate the dis
position which puts so much per
sonal feeling and personal enmity
into an affair which (he University
has a right to expect to be carried
through.
Auk we going to have an enter
tainment Thanksgiving night? It
doesn't look that way at present.
Thanksgiving is two weeks off, and
practically nothing has been done
outside the members of the Glee and
Mandolin Clubs. One of the farces
has been given up, and rehearsal
after rehearsal is set for extrava
ganza without having the effect of
bringing out a single actor. Sev
eral of the performers are engaged
ill a pitched battle over the matter.
The Daily I'alo Alto is not
taking sides in the matter. Weave
not saying to whom the blame or
credit does or does not belong, but
we do strongly deprecate the dis
position which puts so much per
sonal feeling and personal enmity
into an affair which (he University
has a right to expect to be carried
through.
