# UNDER THE WEATHER...
## 
### 
HOSPITAL
Suzanne Boone, Blanche Dwelle,
Charles Finger, Robert Persike,
Amy Greenwell, James Kelley,
Walter Coursen, Helen Lacy.
Performers on British radio pro
grams are not permitted to mention
commercial products by their trade
names.
HOSPITAL
Suzanne Boone, Blanche Dwelle,
Charles Finger, Robert Persike,
Amy Greenwell, James Kelley,
Walter Coursen, Helen Lacy.
Performers on British radio pro
grams are not permitted to mention
commercial products by their trade
names.
HOSPITAL
Suzanne Boone, Blanche Dwelle,
Charles Finger, Robert Persike,
Amy Greenwell, James Kelley,
Walter Coursen, Helen Lacy.
Performers on British radio pro
grams are not permitted to mention
commercial products by their trade
names.
HOSPITAL
Suzanne Boone, Blanche Dwelle,
Charles Finger, Robert Persike,
Amy Greenwell, James Kelley,
Walter Coursen, Helen Lacy.
Performers on British radio pro
grams are not permitted to mention
commercial products by their trade
names.
HOSPITAL
Suzanne Boone, Blanche Dwelle,
Charles Finger, Robert Persike,
Amy Greenwell, James Kelley,
Walter Coursen, Helen Lacy.
Performers on British radio pro
grams are not permitted to mention
commercial products by their trade
names.
HOSPITAL
Suzanne Boone, Blanche Dwelle,
Charles Finger, Robert Persike,
Amy Greenwell, James Kelley,
Walter Coursen, Helen Lacy.
Performers on British radio pro
grams are not permitted to mention
commercial products by their trade
names.
HOSPITAL
Suzanne Boone, Blanche Dwelle,
Charles Finger, Robert Persike,
Amy Greenwell, James Kelley,
Walter Coursen, Helen Lacy.
Performers on British radio pro
grams are not permitted to mention
commercial products by their trade
names.
HOSPITAL
Suzanne Boone, Blanche Dwelle,
Charles Finger, Robert Persike,
Amy Greenwell, James Kelley,
Walter Coursen, Helen Lacy.
Performers on British radio pro
grams are not permitted to mention
commercial products by their trade
names.
HOSPITAL
Suzanne Boone, Blanche Dwelle,
Charles Finger, Robert Persike,
Amy Greenwell, James Kelley,
Walter Coursen, Helen Lacy.
Performers on British radio pro
grams are not permitted to mention
commercial products by their trade
names.
HOSPITAL
Suzanne Boone, Blanche Dwelle,
Charles Finger, Robert Persike,
Amy Greenwell, James Kelley,
Walter Coursen, Helen Lacy.
Performers on British radio pro
grams are not permitted to mention
commercial products by their trade
names.
HOSPITAL
Suzanne Boone, Blanche Dwelle,
Charles Finger, Robert Persike,
Amy Greenwell, James Kelley,
Walter Coursen, Helen Lacy.
Performers on British radio pro
grams are not permitted to mention
commercial products by their trade
names.
HOSPITAL
Suzanne Boone, Blanche Dwelle,
Charles Finger, Robert Persike,
Amy Greenwell, James Kelley,
Walter Coursen, Helen Lacy.
Performers on British radio pro
grams are not permitted to mention
commercial products by their trade
names.
HOSPITAL
Suzanne Boone, Blanche Dwelle,
Charles Finger, Robert Persike,
Amy Greenwell, James Kelley,
Walter Coursen, Helen Lacy.
Performers on British radio pro
grams are not permitted to mention
commercial products by their trade
names.
HOSPITAL
Suzanne Boone, Blanche Dwelle,
Charles Finger, Robert Persike,
Amy Greenwell, James Kelley,
Walter Coursen, Helen Lacy.
Performers on British radio pro
grams are not permitted to mention
commercial products by their trade
names.
HOSPITAL
Suzanne Boone, Blanche Dwelle,
Charles Finger, Robert Persike,
Amy Greenwell, James Kelley,
Walter Coursen, Helen Lacy.
Performers on British radio pro
grams are not permitted to mention
commercial products by their trade
names.
HOSPITAL
Suzanne Boone, Blanche Dwelle,
Charles Finger, Robert Persike,
Amy Greenwell, James Kelley,
Walter Coursen, Helen Lacy.
Performers on British radio pro
grams are not permitted to mention
commercial products by their trade
names.
HOSPITAL
Suzanne Boone, Blanche Dwelle,
Charles Finger, Robert Persike,
Amy Greenwell, James Kelley,
Walter Coursen, Helen Lacy.
Performers on British radio pro
grams are not permitted to mention
commercial products by their trade
names.
