# Adv. 52 Page 15
## 
### 
SUMMER JOBS
SUMMER JOBS for teachers &
aides. Palo Alto District-Child
Devt. Centers. Reg positions
also. Exc pay. 856-0876
Castilleja School
Summer Programs for Girls
Palo Alto
Are you thinking of going
corporate? Do you have a desk
job in your future? How about
one more summer of FUN and
SUNSHINE? We're looking for
creative and energetic people to
staff our summer programs.
Great pay, food and colleagues.
Call Nancy Nagramada @ 650-
328-3160 xlO9, email
nancy_nagramada@castilleja.org
or visit www.castilleja.org.
Staff Positions: camp
counselors, math, science and
tech teachers
Summer leadership position:
Summer Camp Director, available
May-Aug, admin, exp. and
bachelor's degree required
Douglas Ranch Camp in Carmel
Valley is hiring Summer Camp
Counselors. We are looking for
gen. counselors, riders,
swimmers, tennis players and
more! Come meet us at the Job
Fair on WED. APRIL 12 oi
www.douglascamp.com
