# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
IT \
a a
— "Naked camc I
™ into the world, ™
and naked must* |||
I* Igo out. 1 ' But B
™ in between you had
better be dressed! B§
Now RA is having ■
■ the Clearance Sale
of the Century,
0 so come down and Mi
m get the most
h dressed for the
™ least amount of —
| money. Mr. White
g| oxford shirts
m with button down H
collars arc 3.99.
r a
Inxmzm:
IT \
a a
— "Naked camc I
™ into the world, ™
and naked must* |||
I* Igo out. 1 ' But B
™ in between you had
better be dressed! B§
Now RA is having ■
■ the Clearance Sale
of the Century,
0 so come down and Mi
m get the most
h dressed for the
™ least amount of —
| money. Mr. White
g| oxford shirts
m with button down H
collars arc 3.99.
r a
Inxmzm:
IT \
a a
— "Naked camc I
™ into the world, ™
and naked must* |||
I* Igo out. 1 ' But B
™ in between you had
better be dressed! B§
Now RA is having ■
■ the Clearance Sale
of the Century,
0 so come down and Mi
m get the most
h dressed for the
™ least amount of —
| money. Mr. White
g| oxford shirts
m with button down H
collars arc 3.99.
r a
Inxmzm:
IT \
a a
— "Naked camc I
™ into the world, ™
and naked must* |||
I* Igo out. 1 ' But B
™ in between you had
better be dressed! B§
Now RA is having ■
■ the Clearance Sale
of the Century,
0 so come down and Mi
m get the most
h dressed for the
™ least amount of —
| money. Mr. White
g| oxford shirts
m with button down H
collars arc 3.99.
r a
Inxmzm:
IT \
a a
— "Naked camc I
™ into the world, ™
and naked must* |||
I* Igo out. 1 ' But B
™ in between you had
better be dressed! B§
Now RA is having ■
■ the Clearance Sale
of the Century,
0 so come down and Mi
m get the most
h dressed for the
™ least amount of —
| money. Mr. White
g| oxford shirts
m with button down H
collars arc 3.99.
r a
Inxmzm:
IT \
a a
— "Naked camc I
™ into the world, ™
and naked must* |||
I* Igo out. 1 ' But B
™ in between you had
better be dressed! B§
Now RA is having ■
■ the Clearance Sale
of the Century,
0 so come down and Mi
m get the most
h dressed for the
™ least amount of —
| money. Mr. White
g| oxford shirts
m with button down H
collars arc 3.99.
r a
Inxmzm:
IT \
a a
— "Naked camc I
™ into the world, ™
and naked must* |||
I* Igo out. 1 ' But B
™ in between you had
better be dressed! B§
Now RA is having ■
■ the Clearance Sale
of the Century,
0 so come down and Mi
m get the most
h dressed for the
™ least amount of —
| money. Mr. White
g| oxford shirts
m with button down H
collars arc 3.99.
r a
Inxmzm:
IT \
a a
— "Naked camc I
™ into the world, ™
and naked must* |||
I* Igo out. 1 ' But B
™ in between you had
better be dressed! B§
Now RA is having ■
■ the Clearance Sale
of the Century,
0 so come down and Mi
m get the most
h dressed for the
™ least amount of —
| money. Mr. White
g| oxford shirts
m with button down H
collars arc 3.99.
r a
Inxmzm:
IT \
a a
— "Naked camc I
™ into the world, ™
and naked must* |||
I* Igo out. 1 ' But B
™ in between you had
better be dressed! B§
Now RA is having ■
■ the Clearance Sale
of the Century,
0 so come down and Mi
m get the most
h dressed for the
™ least amount of —
| money. Mr. White
g| oxford shirts
m with button down H
collars arc 3.99.
r a
Inxmzm:
IT \
a a
— "Naked camc I
™ into the world, ™
and naked must* |||
I* Igo out. 1 ' But B
™ in between you had
better be dressed! B§
Now RA is having ■
■ the Clearance Sale
of the Century,
0 so come down and Mi
m get the most
h dressed for the
™ least amount of —
| money. Mr. White
g| oxford shirts
m with button down H
collars arc 3.99.
r a
Inxmzm:
IT \
a a
— "Naked camc I
™ into the world, ™
and naked must* |||
I* Igo out. 1 ' But B
™ in between you had
better be dressed! B§
Now RA is having ■
■ the Clearance Sale
of the Century,
0 so come down and Mi
m get the most
h dressed for the
™ least amount of —
| money. Mr. White
g| oxford shirts
m with button down H
collars arc 3.99.
r a
Inxmzm:
IT \
a a
— "Naked camc I
™ into the world, ™
and naked must* |||
I* Igo out. 1 ' But B
™ in between you had
better be dressed! B§
Now RA is having ■
■ the Clearance Sale
of the Century,
0 so come down and Mi
m get the most
h dressed for the
™ least amount of —
| money. Mr. White
g| oxford shirts
m with button down H
collars arc 3.99.
r a
Inxmzm:
IT \
a a
— "Naked camc I
™ into the world, ™
and naked must* |||
I* Igo out. 1 ' But B
™ in between you had
better be dressed! B§
Now RA is having ■
■ the Clearance Sale
of the Century,
0 so come down and Mi
m get the most
h dressed for the
™ least amount of —
| money. Mr. White
g| oxford shirts
m with button down H
collars arc 3.99.
r a
Inxmzm:
IT \
a a
— "Naked camc I
™ into the world, ™
and naked must* |||
I* Igo out. 1 ' But B
™ in between you had
better be dressed! B§
Now RA is having ■
■ the Clearance Sale
of the Century,
0 so come down and Mi
m get the most
h dressed for the
™ least amount of —
| money. Mr. White
g| oxford shirts
m with button down H
collars arc 3.99.
r a
Inxmzm:
IT \
a a
— "Naked camc I
™ into the world, ™
and naked must* |||
I* Igo out. 1 ' But B
™ in between you had
better be dressed! B§
Now RA is having ■
■ the Clearance Sale
of the Century,
0 so come down and Mi
m get the most
h dressed for the
™ least amount of —
| money. Mr. White
g| oxford shirts
m with button down H
collars arc 3.99.
r a
Inxmzm:
IT \
a a
— "Naked camc I
™ into the world, ™
and naked must* |||
I* Igo out. 1 ' But B
™ in between you had
better be dressed! B§
Now RA is having ■
■ the Clearance Sale
of the Century,
0 so come down and Mi
m get the most
h dressed for the
™ least amount of —
| money. Mr. White
g| oxford shirts
m with button down H
collars arc 3.99.
r a
Inxmzm:
