# North & Triska Speak Tonight
## 
### 
Russian experts Professors
Robert C. North and Jan F.
Triska will discuss "Commu
nism and Power" tonight at
7:30 in the Women's Club
house. Their appearance is
part of the llR's Soviet
Studies program.
Triska, born in Czechoslo
vakia, is now a U.S. citizen.
Both speakers have traveled
extensively abroad, including
Russia.
North and Triska are co
directors of a 5-year research
project on "Conflict Studies"
here. They are doing detailed
studies on steps that have led
to war. A $250,000 Ford Foun
dation grant is supporting the
project.
North is a specialist on
Sino-Soviet relations. Triska
has concentrated on Soviet
government and politics.
They will discuss "ways in
which power has tended to
distort the ideological aims
of communism."
Russian experts Professors
Robert C. North and Jan F.
Triska will discuss "Commu
nism and Power" tonight at
7:30 in the Women's Club
house. Their appearance is
part of the llR's Soviet
Studies program.
Triska, born in Czechoslo
vakia, is now a U.S. citizen.
Both speakers have traveled
extensively abroad, including
Russia.
North and Triska are co
directors of a 5-year research
project on "Conflict Studies"
here. They are doing detailed
studies on steps that have led
to war. A $250,000 Ford Foun
dation grant is supporting the
project.
North is a specialist on
Sino-Soviet relations. Triska
has concentrated on Soviet
government and politics.
They will discuss "ways in
which power has tended to
distort the ideological aims
of communism."
Russian experts Professors
Robert C. North and Jan F.
Triska will discuss "Commu
nism and Power" tonight at
7:30 in the Women's Club
house. Their appearance is
part of the llR's Soviet
Studies program.
Triska, born in Czechoslo
vakia, is now a U.S. citizen.
Both speakers have traveled
extensively abroad, including
Russia.
North and Triska are co
directors of a 5-year research
project on "Conflict Studies"
here. They are doing detailed
studies on steps that have led
to war. A $250,000 Ford Foun
dation grant is supporting the
project.
North is a specialist on
Sino-Soviet relations. Triska
has concentrated on Soviet
government and politics.
They will discuss "ways in
which power has tended to
distort the ideological aims
of communism."
Russian experts Professors
Robert C. North and Jan F.
Triska will discuss "Commu
nism and Power" tonight at
7:30 in the Women's Club
house. Their appearance is
part of the llR's Soviet
Studies program.
Triska, born in Czechoslo
vakia, is now a U.S. citizen.
Both speakers have traveled
extensively abroad, including
Russia.
North and Triska are co
directors of a 5-year research
project on "Conflict Studies"
here. They are doing detailed
studies on steps that have led
to war. A $250,000 Ford Foun
dation grant is supporting the
project.
North is a specialist on
Sino-Soviet relations. Triska
has concentrated on Soviet
government and politics.
They will discuss "ways in
which power has tended to
distort the ideological aims
of communism."
Russian experts Professors
Robert C. North and Jan F.
Triska will discuss "Commu
nism and Power" tonight at
7:30 in the Women's Club
house. Their appearance is
part of the llR's Soviet
Studies program.
Triska, born in Czechoslo
vakia, is now a U.S. citizen.
Both speakers have traveled
extensively abroad, including
Russia.
North and Triska are co
directors of a 5-year research
project on "Conflict Studies"
here. They are doing detailed
studies on steps that have led
to war. A $250,000 Ford Foun
dation grant is supporting the
project.
North is a specialist on
Sino-Soviet relations. Triska
has concentrated on Soviet
government and politics.
They will discuss "ways in
which power has tended to
distort the ideological aims
of communism."
Russian experts Professors
Robert C. North and Jan F.
Triska will discuss "Commu
nism and Power" tonight at
7:30 in the Women's Club
house. Their appearance is
part of the llR's Soviet
Studies program.
Triska, born in Czechoslo
vakia, is now a U.S. citizen.
Both speakers have traveled
extensively abroad, including
Russia.
North and Triska are co
directors of a 5-year research
project on "Conflict Studies"
here. They are doing detailed
studies on steps that have led
to war. A $250,000 Ford Foun
dation grant is supporting the
project.
North is a specialist on
Sino-Soviet relations. Triska
has concentrated on Soviet
government and politics.
They will discuss "ways in
which power has tended to
distort the ideological aims
of communism."
Russian experts Professors
Robert C. North and Jan F.
Triska will discuss "Commu
nism and Power" tonight at
7:30 in the Women's Club
house. Their appearance is
part of the llR's Soviet
Studies program.
Triska, born in Czechoslo
vakia, is now a U.S. citizen.
Both speakers have traveled
extensively abroad, including
Russia.
North and Triska are co
directors of a 5-year research
project on "Conflict Studies"
here. They are doing detailed
studies on steps that have led
to war. A $250,000 Ford Foun
dation grant is supporting the
project.
North is a specialist on
Sino-Soviet relations. Triska
has concentrated on Soviet
government and politics.
They will discuss "ways in
which power has tended to
distort the ideological aims
of communism."
Russian experts Professors
Robert C. North and Jan F.
Triska will discuss "Commu
nism and Power" tonight at
7:30 in the Women's Club
house. Their appearance is
part of the llR's Soviet
Studies program.
Triska, born in Czechoslo
vakia, is now a U.S. citizen.
Both speakers have traveled
extensively abroad, including
Russia.
North and Triska are co
directors of a 5-year research
project on "Conflict Studies"
here. They are doing detailed
studies on steps that have led
to war. A $250,000 Ford Foun
dation grant is supporting the
project.
North is a specialist on
Sino-Soviet relations. Triska
has concentrated on Soviet
government and politics.
They will discuss "ways in
which power has tended to
distort the ideological aims
of communism."
Russian experts Professors
Robert C. North and Jan F.
Triska will discuss "Commu
nism and Power" tonight at
7:30 in the Women's Club
house. Their appearance is
part of the llR's Soviet
Studies program.
Triska, born in Czechoslo
vakia, is now a U.S. citizen.
Both speakers have traveled
extensively abroad, including
Russia.
North and Triska are co
directors of a 5-year research
project on "Conflict Studies"
here. They are doing detailed
studies on steps that have led
to war. A $250,000 Ford Foun
dation grant is supporting the
project.
North is a specialist on
Sino-Soviet relations. Triska
has concentrated on Soviet
government and politics.
They will discuss "ways in
which power has tended to
distort the ideological aims
of communism."
Russian experts Professors
Robert C. North and Jan F.
Triska will discuss "Commu
nism and Power" tonight at
7:30 in the Women's Club
house. Their appearance is
part of the llR's Soviet
Studies program.
Triska, born in Czechoslo
vakia, is now a U.S. citizen.
Both speakers have traveled
extensively abroad, including
Russia.
North and Triska are co
directors of a 5-year research
project on "Conflict Studies"
here. They are doing detailed
studies on steps that have led
to war. A $250,000 Ford Foun
dation grant is supporting the
project.
North is a specialist on
Sino-Soviet relations. Triska
has concentrated on Soviet
government and politics.
They will discuss "ways in
which power has tended to
distort the ideological aims
of communism."
Russian experts Professors
Robert C. North and Jan F.
Triska will discuss "Commu
nism and Power" tonight at
7:30 in the Women's Club
house. Their appearance is
part of the llR's Soviet
Studies program.
Triska, born in Czechoslo
vakia, is now a U.S. citizen.
Both speakers have traveled
extensively abroad, including
Russia.
North and Triska are co
directors of a 5-year research
project on "Conflict Studies"
here. They are doing detailed
studies on steps that have led
to war. A $250,000 Ford Foun
dation grant is supporting the
project.
North is a specialist on
Sino-Soviet relations. Triska
has concentrated on Soviet
government and politics.
They will discuss "ways in
which power has tended to
distort the ideological aims
of communism."
Russian experts Professors
Robert C. North and Jan F.
Triska will discuss "Commu
nism and Power" tonight at
7:30 in the Women's Club
house. Their appearance is
part of the llR's Soviet
Studies program.
Triska, born in Czechoslo
vakia, is now a U.S. citizen.
Both speakers have traveled
extensively abroad, including
Russia.
North and Triska are co
directors of a 5-year research
project on "Conflict Studies"
here. They are doing detailed
studies on steps that have led
to war. A $250,000 Ford Foun
dation grant is supporting the
project.
North is a specialist on
Sino-Soviet relations. Triska
has concentrated on Soviet
government and politics.
They will discuss "ways in
which power has tended to
distort the ideological aims
of communism."
Russian experts Professors
Robert C. North and Jan F.
Triska will discuss "Commu
nism and Power" tonight at
7:30 in the Women's Club
house. Their appearance is
part of the llR's Soviet
Studies program.
Triska, born in Czechoslo
vakia, is now a U.S. citizen.
Both speakers have traveled
extensively abroad, including
Russia.
North and Triska are co
directors of a 5-year research
project on "Conflict Studies"
here. They are doing detailed
studies on steps that have led
to war. A $250,000 Ford Foun
dation grant is supporting the
project.
North is a specialist on
Sino-Soviet relations. Triska
has concentrated on Soviet
government and politics.
They will discuss "ways in
which power has tended to
distort the ideological aims
of communism."
Russian experts Professors
Robert C. North and Jan F.
Triska will discuss "Commu
nism and Power" tonight at
7:30 in the Women's Club
house. Their appearance is
part of the llR's Soviet
Studies program.
Triska, born in Czechoslo
vakia, is now a U.S. citizen.
Both speakers have traveled
extensively abroad, including
Russia.
North and Triska are co
directors of a 5-year research
project on "Conflict Studies"
here. They are doing detailed
studies on steps that have led
to war. A $250,000 Ford Foun
dation grant is supporting the
project.
North is a specialist on
Sino-Soviet relations. Triska
has concentrated on Soviet
government and politics.
They will discuss "ways in
which power has tended to
distort the ideological aims
of communism."
Russian experts Professors
Robert C. North and Jan F.
Triska will discuss "Commu
nism and Power" tonight at
7:30 in the Women's Club
house. Their appearance is
part of the llR's Soviet
Studies program.
Triska, born in Czechoslo
vakia, is now a U.S. citizen.
Both speakers have traveled
extensively abroad, including
Russia.
North and Triska are co
directors of a 5-year research
project on "Conflict Studies"
here. They are doing detailed
studies on steps that have led
to war. A $250,000 Ford Foun
dation grant is supporting the
project.
North is a specialist on
Sino-Soviet relations. Triska
has concentrated on Soviet
government and politics.
They will discuss "ways in
which power has tended to
distort the ideological aims
of communism."
Russian experts Professors
Robert C. North and Jan F.
Triska will discuss "Commu
nism and Power" tonight at
7:30 in the Women's Club
house. Their appearance is
part of the llR's Soviet
Studies program.
Triska, born in Czechoslo
vakia, is now a U.S. citizen.
Both speakers have traveled
extensively abroad, including
Russia.
North and Triska are co
directors of a 5-year research
project on "Conflict Studies"
here. They are doing detailed
studies on steps that have led
to war. A $250,000 Ford Foun
dation grant is supporting the
project.
North is a specialist on
Sino-Soviet relations. Triska
has concentrated on Soviet
government and politics.
They will discuss "ways in
which power has tended to
distort the ideological aims
of communism."
