# OKLAHOMA LOSSES
## 
### 
The University of Oklahoma was
relieved of $270 when the safe in the
office of the student manager was
burglarized recently. The sum rep
resented one day's earnings of the
student cafeteria, plus incidental
change.
The University of Oklahoma was
relieved of $270 when the safe in the
office of the student manager was
burglarized recently. The sum rep
resented one day's earnings of the
student cafeteria, plus incidental
change.
The University of Oklahoma was
relieved of $270 when the safe in the
office of the student manager was
burglarized recently. The sum rep
resented one day's earnings of the
student cafeteria, plus incidental
change.
The University of Oklahoma was
relieved of $270 when the safe in the
office of the student manager was
burglarized recently. The sum rep
resented one day's earnings of the
student cafeteria, plus incidental
change.
The University of Oklahoma was
relieved of $270 when the safe in the
office of the student manager was
burglarized recently. The sum rep
resented one day's earnings of the
student cafeteria, plus incidental
change.
The University of Oklahoma was
relieved of $270 when the safe in the
office of the student manager was
burglarized recently. The sum rep
resented one day's earnings of the
student cafeteria, plus incidental
change.
The University of Oklahoma was
relieved of $270 when the safe in the
office of the student manager was
burglarized recently. The sum rep
resented one day's earnings of the
student cafeteria, plus incidental
change.
The University of Oklahoma was
relieved of $270 when the safe in the
office of the student manager was
burglarized recently. The sum rep
resented one day's earnings of the
student cafeteria, plus incidental
change.
The University of Oklahoma was
relieved of $270 when the safe in the
office of the student manager was
burglarized recently. The sum rep
resented one day's earnings of the
student cafeteria, plus incidental
change.
The University of Oklahoma was
relieved of $270 when the safe in the
office of the student manager was
burglarized recently. The sum rep
resented one day's earnings of the
student cafeteria, plus incidental
change.
The University of Oklahoma was
relieved of $270 when the safe in the
office of the student manager was
burglarized recently. The sum rep
resented one day's earnings of the
student cafeteria, plus incidental
change.
The University of Oklahoma was
relieved of $270 when the safe in the
office of the student manager was
burglarized recently. The sum rep
resented one day's earnings of the
student cafeteria, plus incidental
change.
The University of Oklahoma was
relieved of $270 when the safe in the
office of the student manager was
burglarized recently. The sum rep
resented one day's earnings of the
student cafeteria, plus incidental
change.
The University of Oklahoma was
relieved of $270 when the safe in the
office of the student manager was
burglarized recently. The sum rep
resented one day's earnings of the
student cafeteria, plus incidental
change.
The University of Oklahoma was
relieved of $270 when the safe in the
office of the student manager was
burglarized recently. The sum rep
resented one day's earnings of the
student cafeteria, plus incidental
change.
