# CAPTAINS 'RECOGNITION SHIP'
## 
### 

Captain Michacl Paul Zelinsky of the motorship Soyuzpushina, formerly
the Karise, the first Russian ship to sail from a Pacific Coast port to
the Soviet Republic. The vessel sailed from Seattle and proceeded by
San Francisco. (United Press Photo)

Captain Michacl Paul Zelinsky of the motorship Soyuzpushina, formerly
the Karise, the first Russian ship to sail from a Pacific Coast port to
the Soviet Republic. The vessel sailed from Seattle and proceeded by
San Francisco. (United Press Photo)

Captain Michacl Paul Zelinsky of the motorship Soyuzpushina, formerly
the Karise, the first Russian ship to sail from a Pacific Coast port to
the Soviet Republic. The vessel sailed from Seattle and proceeded by
San Francisco. (United Press Photo)

Captain Michacl Paul Zelinsky of the motorship Soyuzpushina, formerly
the Karise, the first Russian ship to sail from a Pacific Coast port to
the Soviet Republic. The vessel sailed from Seattle and proceeded by
San Francisco. (United Press Photo)

Captain Michacl Paul Zelinsky of the motorship Soyuzpushina, formerly
the Karise, the first Russian ship to sail from a Pacific Coast port to
the Soviet Republic. The vessel sailed from Seattle and proceeded by
San Francisco. (United Press Photo)

Captain Michacl Paul Zelinsky of the motorship Soyuzpushina, formerly
the Karise, the first Russian ship to sail from a Pacific Coast port to
the Soviet Republic. The vessel sailed from Seattle and proceeded by
San Francisco. (United Press Photo)

Captain Michacl Paul Zelinsky of the motorship Soyuzpushina, formerly
the Karise, the first Russian ship to sail from a Pacific Coast port to
the Soviet Republic. The vessel sailed from Seattle and proceeded by
San Francisco. (United Press Photo)

Captain Michacl Paul Zelinsky of the motorship Soyuzpushina, formerly
the Karise, the first Russian ship to sail from a Pacific Coast port to
the Soviet Republic. The vessel sailed from Seattle and proceeded by
San Francisco. (United Press Photo)

Captain Michacl Paul Zelinsky of the motorship Soyuzpushina, formerly
the Karise, the first Russian ship to sail from a Pacific Coast port to
the Soviet Republic. The vessel sailed from Seattle and proceeded by
San Francisco. (United Press Photo)

Captain Michacl Paul Zelinsky of the motorship Soyuzpushina, formerly
the Karise, the first Russian ship to sail from a Pacific Coast port to
the Soviet Republic. The vessel sailed from Seattle and proceeded by
San Francisco. (United Press Photo)

Captain Michacl Paul Zelinsky of the motorship Soyuzpushina, formerly
the Karise, the first Russian ship to sail from a Pacific Coast port to
the Soviet Republic. The vessel sailed from Seattle and proceeded by
San Francisco. (United Press Photo)

Captain Michacl Paul Zelinsky of the motorship Soyuzpushina, formerly
the Karise, the first Russian ship to sail from a Pacific Coast port to
the Soviet Republic. The vessel sailed from Seattle and proceeded by
San Francisco. (United Press Photo)

Captain Michacl Paul Zelinsky of the motorship Soyuzpushina, formerly
the Karise, the first Russian ship to sail from a Pacific Coast port to
the Soviet Republic. The vessel sailed from Seattle and proceeded by
San Francisco. (United Press Photo)

Captain Michacl Paul Zelinsky of the motorship Soyuzpushina, formerly
the Karise, the first Russian ship to sail from a Pacific Coast port to
the Soviet Republic. The vessel sailed from Seattle and proceeded by
San Francisco. (United Press Photo)

Captain Michacl Paul Zelinsky of the motorship Soyuzpushina, formerly
the Karise, the first Russian ship to sail from a Pacific Coast port to
the Soviet Republic. The vessel sailed from Seattle and proceeded by
San Francisco. (United Press Photo)
