# Sons, Daughters Of Alumni Face Cameras Today
## 
### 
Pictures will he taken today
<>f second generation "sons and
daughters <>t the Stanford Red"
who entered the University this
quarter and last.
Of the entire group of 140
who fall under this classifica
tion, lists of which have been
compiled by the alumni and
registrar's oflice, the 72 daugh
ters will meet on the Roblc
steps promptly at 12:10 o'clock
to face the photographer, while
the 08 sons will meet on the
Encina steps at 12:45 o'clock.
In order to make the pictures
as representative as possible,
for their publication in the
Stanford Illustrated Review,
everyone is asked to appear to
day at the designated time and
place.
The names of the alumni sons
and daughters who are to have
their pictures taken are posted
in Encina and Roble.
Pictures will he taken today
<>f second generation "sons and
daughters <>t the Stanford Red"
who entered the University this
quarter and last.
Of the entire group of 140
who fall under this classifica
tion, lists of which have been
compiled by the alumni and
registrar's oflice, the 72 daugh
ters will meet on the Roblc
steps promptly at 12:10 o'clock
to face the photographer, while
the 08 sons will meet on the
Encina steps at 12:45 o'clock.
In order to make the pictures
as representative as possible,
for their publication in the
Stanford Illustrated Review,
everyone is asked to appear to
day at the designated time and
place.
The names of the alumni sons
and daughters who are to have
their pictures taken are posted
in Encina and Roble.
Pictures will he taken today
<>f second generation "sons and
daughters <>t the Stanford Red"
who entered the University this
quarter and last.
Of the entire group of 140
who fall under this classifica
tion, lists of which have been
compiled by the alumni and
registrar's oflice, the 72 daugh
ters will meet on the Roblc
steps promptly at 12:10 o'clock
to face the photographer, while
the 08 sons will meet on the
Encina steps at 12:45 o'clock.
In order to make the pictures
as representative as possible,
for their publication in the
Stanford Illustrated Review,
everyone is asked to appear to
day at the designated time and
place.
The names of the alumni sons
and daughters who are to have
their pictures taken are posted
in Encina and Roble.
Pictures will he taken today
<>f second generation "sons and
daughters <>t the Stanford Red"
who entered the University this
quarter and last.
Of the entire group of 140
who fall under this classifica
tion, lists of which have been
compiled by the alumni and
registrar's oflice, the 72 daugh
ters will meet on the Roblc
steps promptly at 12:10 o'clock
to face the photographer, while
the 08 sons will meet on the
Encina steps at 12:45 o'clock.
In order to make the pictures
as representative as possible,
for their publication in the
Stanford Illustrated Review,
everyone is asked to appear to
day at the designated time and
place.
The names of the alumni sons
and daughters who are to have
their pictures taken are posted
in Encina and Roble.
Pictures will he taken today
<>f second generation "sons and
daughters <>t the Stanford Red"
who entered the University this
quarter and last.
Of the entire group of 140
who fall under this classifica
tion, lists of which have been
compiled by the alumni and
registrar's oflice, the 72 daugh
ters will meet on the Roblc
steps promptly at 12:10 o'clock
to face the photographer, while
the 08 sons will meet on the
Encina steps at 12:45 o'clock.
In order to make the pictures
as representative as possible,
for their publication in the
Stanford Illustrated Review,
everyone is asked to appear to
day at the designated time and
place.
The names of the alumni sons
and daughters who are to have
their pictures taken are posted
in Encina and Roble.
Pictures will he taken today
<>f second generation "sons and
daughters <>t the Stanford Red"
who entered the University this
quarter and last.
Of the entire group of 140
who fall under this classifica
tion, lists of which have been
compiled by the alumni and
registrar's oflice, the 72 daugh
ters will meet on the Roblc
steps promptly at 12:10 o'clock
to face the photographer, while
the 08 sons will meet on the
Encina steps at 12:45 o'clock.
In order to make the pictures
as representative as possible,
for their publication in the
Stanford Illustrated Review,
everyone is asked to appear to
day at the designated time and
place.
The names of the alumni sons
and daughters who are to have
their pictures taken are posted
in Encina and Roble.
Pictures will he taken today
<>f second generation "sons and
daughters <>t the Stanford Red"
who entered the University this
quarter and last.
Of the entire group of 140
who fall under this classifica
tion, lists of which have been
compiled by the alumni and
registrar's oflice, the 72 daugh
ters will meet on the Roblc
steps promptly at 12:10 o'clock
to face the photographer, while
the 08 sons will meet on the
Encina steps at 12:45 o'clock.
In order to make the pictures
as representative as possible,
for their publication in the
Stanford Illustrated Review,
everyone is asked to appear to
day at the designated time and
place.
The names of the alumni sons
and daughters who are to have
their pictures taken are posted
in Encina and Roble.
Pictures will he taken today
<>f second generation "sons and
daughters <>t the Stanford Red"
who entered the University this
quarter and last.
Of the entire group of 140
who fall under this classifica
tion, lists of which have been
compiled by the alumni and
registrar's oflice, the 72 daugh
ters will meet on the Roblc
steps promptly at 12:10 o'clock
to face the photographer, while
the 08 sons will meet on the
Encina steps at 12:45 o'clock.
In order to make the pictures
as representative as possible,
for their publication in the
Stanford Illustrated Review,
everyone is asked to appear to
day at the designated time and
place.
The names of the alumni sons
and daughters who are to have
their pictures taken are posted
in Encina and Roble.
Pictures will he taken today
<>f second generation "sons and
daughters <>t the Stanford Red"
who entered the University this
quarter and last.
Of the entire group of 140
who fall under this classifica
tion, lists of which have been
compiled by the alumni and
registrar's oflice, the 72 daugh
ters will meet on the Roblc
steps promptly at 12:10 o'clock
to face the photographer, while
the 08 sons will meet on the
Encina steps at 12:45 o'clock.
In order to make the pictures
as representative as possible,
for their publication in the
Stanford Illustrated Review,
everyone is asked to appear to
day at the designated time and
place.
The names of the alumni sons
and daughters who are to have
their pictures taken are posted
in Encina and Roble.
Pictures will he taken today
<>f second generation "sons and
daughters <>t the Stanford Red"
who entered the University this
quarter and last.
Of the entire group of 140
who fall under this classifica
tion, lists of which have been
compiled by the alumni and
registrar's oflice, the 72 daugh
ters will meet on the Roblc
steps promptly at 12:10 o'clock
to face the photographer, while
the 08 sons will meet on the
Encina steps at 12:45 o'clock.
In order to make the pictures
as representative as possible,
for their publication in the
Stanford Illustrated Review,
everyone is asked to appear to
day at the designated time and
place.
The names of the alumni sons
and daughters who are to have
their pictures taken are posted
in Encina and Roble.
Pictures will he taken today
<>f second generation "sons and
daughters <>t the Stanford Red"
who entered the University this
quarter and last.
Of the entire group of 140
who fall under this classifica
tion, lists of which have been
compiled by the alumni and
registrar's oflice, the 72 daugh
ters will meet on the Roblc
steps promptly at 12:10 o'clock
to face the photographer, while
the 08 sons will meet on the
Encina steps at 12:45 o'clock.
In order to make the pictures
as representative as possible,
for their publication in the
Stanford Illustrated Review,
everyone is asked to appear to
day at the designated time and
place.
The names of the alumni sons
and daughters who are to have
their pictures taken are posted
in Encina and Roble.
Pictures will he taken today
<>f second generation "sons and
daughters <>t the Stanford Red"
who entered the University this
quarter and last.
Of the entire group of 140
who fall under this classifica
tion, lists of which have been
compiled by the alumni and
registrar's oflice, the 72 daugh
ters will meet on the Roblc
steps promptly at 12:10 o'clock
to face the photographer, while
the 08 sons will meet on the
Encina steps at 12:45 o'clock.
In order to make the pictures
as representative as possible,
for their publication in the
Stanford Illustrated Review,
everyone is asked to appear to
day at the designated time and
place.
The names of the alumni sons
and daughters who are to have
their pictures taken are posted
in Encina and Roble.
Pictures will he taken today
<>f second generation "sons and
daughters <>t the Stanford Red"
who entered the University this
quarter and last.
Of the entire group of 140
who fall under this classifica
tion, lists of which have been
compiled by the alumni and
registrar's oflice, the 72 daugh
ters will meet on the Roblc
steps promptly at 12:10 o'clock
to face the photographer, while
the 08 sons will meet on the
Encina steps at 12:45 o'clock.
In order to make the pictures
as representative as possible,
for their publication in the
Stanford Illustrated Review,
everyone is asked to appear to
day at the designated time and
place.
The names of the alumni sons
and daughters who are to have
their pictures taken are posted
in Encina and Roble.
Pictures will he taken today
<>f second generation "sons and
daughters <>t the Stanford Red"
who entered the University this
quarter and last.
Of the entire group of 140
who fall under this classifica
tion, lists of which have been
compiled by the alumni and
registrar's oflice, the 72 daugh
ters will meet on the Roblc
steps promptly at 12:10 o'clock
to face the photographer, while
the 08 sons will meet on the
Encina steps at 12:45 o'clock.
In order to make the pictures
as representative as possible,
for their publication in the
Stanford Illustrated Review,
everyone is asked to appear to
day at the designated time and
place.
The names of the alumni sons
and daughters who are to have
their pictures taken are posted
in Encina and Roble.
Pictures will he taken today
<>f second generation "sons and
daughters <>t the Stanford Red"
who entered the University this
quarter and last.
Of the entire group of 140
who fall under this classifica
tion, lists of which have been
compiled by the alumni and
registrar's oflice, the 72 daugh
ters will meet on the Roblc
steps promptly at 12:10 o'clock
to face the photographer, while
the 08 sons will meet on the
Encina steps at 12:45 o'clock.
In order to make the pictures
as representative as possible,
for their publication in the
Stanford Illustrated Review,
everyone is asked to appear to
day at the designated time and
place.
The names of the alumni sons
and daughters who are to have
their pictures taken are posted
in Encina and Roble.
