# NEWS DIGEST from The United Press
## Senate Stew 
### 
Today is expected to bring a
.showdown fight in U.S. Senate on
F;R.'s dollar-devaluation program.
Obedient House passed the propo®
sals 9 to 1, but plenty of opposition
developed in powerful Senate fi
nance committee hearings. In addi
tion to G.O.P.'s, who will certainly
try to ding the bill, Demo's Glass,
Gore, Adams, McAdoo apparently
will vote against it, making a 10-10
tie, meaning disapproval under Sen
ate rules. Basis of objection: Mor
genthau's wide powers in running
proposed dollar stabilization fund.
F.R. seemed calm at second Con
gressional uprising in ten days, but
things are getting serious. Besides,
almost certain defeat faccs St. Law
rence Waterway Treaty coming up
soon. But important thing is not
defeat itself, bul growing Demo
party schisms—just what wily Re
publican strategist McNary had
hoped for, feared was impossible,
i.e., donkeymen killing themselves
olf trying to please the home folks.
Today is expected to bring a
.showdown fight in U.S. Senate on
F;R.'s dollar-devaluation program.
Obedient House passed the propo®
sals 9 to 1, but plenty of opposition
developed in powerful Senate fi
nance committee hearings. In addi
tion to G.O.P.'s, who will certainly
try to ding the bill, Demo's Glass,
Gore, Adams, McAdoo apparently
will vote against it, making a 10-10
tie, meaning disapproval under Sen
ate rules. Basis of objection: Mor
genthau's wide powers in running
proposed dollar stabilization fund.
F.R. seemed calm at second Con
gressional uprising in ten days, but
things are getting serious. Besides,
almost certain defeat faccs St. Law
rence Waterway Treaty coming up
soon. But important thing is not
defeat itself, bul growing Demo
party schisms—just what wily Re
publican strategist McNary had
hoped for, feared was impossible,
i.e., donkeymen killing themselves
olf trying to please the home folks.
Today is expected to bring a
.showdown fight in U.S. Senate on
F;R.'s dollar-devaluation program.
Obedient House passed the propo®
sals 9 to 1, but plenty of opposition
developed in powerful Senate fi
nance committee hearings. In addi
tion to G.O.P.'s, who will certainly
try to ding the bill, Demo's Glass,
Gore, Adams, McAdoo apparently
will vote against it, making a 10-10
tie, meaning disapproval under Sen
ate rules. Basis of objection: Mor
genthau's wide powers in running
proposed dollar stabilization fund.
F.R. seemed calm at second Con
gressional uprising in ten days, but
things are getting serious. Besides,
almost certain defeat faccs St. Law
rence Waterway Treaty coming up
soon. But important thing is not
defeat itself, bul growing Demo
party schisms—just what wily Re
publican strategist McNary had
hoped for, feared was impossible,
i.e., donkeymen killing themselves
olf trying to please the home folks.
Today is expected to bring a
.showdown fight in U.S. Senate on
F;R.'s dollar-devaluation program.
Obedient House passed the propo®
sals 9 to 1, but plenty of opposition
developed in powerful Senate fi
nance committee hearings. In addi
tion to G.O.P.'s, who will certainly
try to ding the bill, Demo's Glass,
Gore, Adams, McAdoo apparently
will vote against it, making a 10-10
tie, meaning disapproval under Sen
ate rules. Basis of objection: Mor
genthau's wide powers in running
proposed dollar stabilization fund.
F.R. seemed calm at second Con
gressional uprising in ten days, but
things are getting serious. Besides,
almost certain defeat faccs St. Law
rence Waterway Treaty coming up
soon. But important thing is not
defeat itself, bul growing Demo
party schisms—just what wily Re
publican strategist McNary had
hoped for, feared was impossible,
i.e., donkeymen killing themselves
olf trying to please the home folks.
Today is expected to bring a
.showdown fight in U.S. Senate on
F;R.'s dollar-devaluation program.
Obedient House passed the propo®
sals 9 to 1, but plenty of opposition
developed in powerful Senate fi
nance committee hearings. In addi
tion to G.O.P.'s, who will certainly
try to ding the bill, Demo's Glass,
Gore, Adams, McAdoo apparently
will vote against it, making a 10-10
tie, meaning disapproval under Sen
ate rules. Basis of objection: Mor
genthau's wide powers in running
proposed dollar stabilization fund.
F.R. seemed calm at second Con
gressional uprising in ten days, but
things are getting serious. Besides,
almost certain defeat faccs St. Law
rence Waterway Treaty coming up
soon. But important thing is not
defeat itself, bul growing Demo
party schisms—just what wily Re
publican strategist McNary had
hoped for, feared was impossible,
i.e., donkeymen killing themselves
olf trying to please the home folks.
Today is expected to bring a
.showdown fight in U.S. Senate on
F;R.'s dollar-devaluation program.
Obedient House passed the propo®
sals 9 to 1, but plenty of opposition
developed in powerful Senate fi
nance committee hearings. In addi
tion to G.O.P.'s, who will certainly
try to ding the bill, Demo's Glass,
Gore, Adams, McAdoo apparently
will vote against it, making a 10-10
tie, meaning disapproval under Sen
ate rules. Basis of objection: Mor
genthau's wide powers in running
proposed dollar stabilization fund.
F.R. seemed calm at second Con
gressional uprising in ten days, but
things are getting serious. Besides,
almost certain defeat faccs St. Law
rence Waterway Treaty coming up
soon. But important thing is not
defeat itself, bul growing Demo
party schisms—just what wily Re
publican strategist McNary had
hoped for, feared was impossible,
i.e., donkeymen killing themselves
olf trying to please the home folks.
Today is expected to bring a
.showdown fight in U.S. Senate on
F;R.'s dollar-devaluation program.
Obedient House passed the propo®
sals 9 to 1, but plenty of opposition
developed in powerful Senate fi
nance committee hearings. In addi
tion to G.O.P.'s, who will certainly
try to ding the bill, Demo's Glass,
Gore, Adams, McAdoo apparently
will vote against it, making a 10-10
tie, meaning disapproval under Sen
ate rules. Basis of objection: Mor
genthau's wide powers in running
proposed dollar stabilization fund.
F.R. seemed calm at second Con
gressional uprising in ten days, but
things are getting serious. Besides,
almost certain defeat faccs St. Law
rence Waterway Treaty coming up
soon. But important thing is not
defeat itself, bul growing Demo
party schisms—just what wily Re
publican strategist McNary had
hoped for, feared was impossible,
i.e., donkeymen killing themselves
olf trying to please the home folks.
Today is expected to bring a
.showdown fight in U.S. Senate on
F;R.'s dollar-devaluation program.
Obedient House passed the propo®
sals 9 to 1, but plenty of opposition
developed in powerful Senate fi
nance committee hearings. In addi
tion to G.O.P.'s, who will certainly
try to ding the bill, Demo's Glass,
Gore, Adams, McAdoo apparently
will vote against it, making a 10-10
tie, meaning disapproval under Sen
ate rules. Basis of objection: Mor
genthau's wide powers in running
proposed dollar stabilization fund.
F.R. seemed calm at second Con
gressional uprising in ten days, but
things are getting serious. Besides,
almost certain defeat faccs St. Law
rence Waterway Treaty coming up
soon. But important thing is not
defeat itself, bul growing Demo
party schisms—just what wily Re
publican strategist McNary had
hoped for, feared was impossible,
i.e., donkeymen killing themselves
olf trying to please the home folks.
Today is expected to bring a
.showdown fight in U.S. Senate on
F;R.'s dollar-devaluation program.
Obedient House passed the propo®
sals 9 to 1, but plenty of opposition
developed in powerful Senate fi
nance committee hearings. In addi
tion to G.O.P.'s, who will certainly
try to ding the bill, Demo's Glass,
Gore, Adams, McAdoo apparently
will vote against it, making a 10-10
tie, meaning disapproval under Sen
ate rules. Basis of objection: Mor
genthau's wide powers in running
proposed dollar stabilization fund.
F.R. seemed calm at second Con
gressional uprising in ten days, but
things are getting serious. Besides,
almost certain defeat faccs St. Law
rence Waterway Treaty coming up
soon. But important thing is not
defeat itself, bul growing Demo
party schisms—just what wily Re
publican strategist McNary had
hoped for, feared was impossible,
i.e., donkeymen killing themselves
olf trying to please the home folks.
Today is expected to bring a
.showdown fight in U.S. Senate on
F;R.'s dollar-devaluation program.
Obedient House passed the propo®
sals 9 to 1, but plenty of opposition
developed in powerful Senate fi
nance committee hearings. In addi
tion to G.O.P.'s, who will certainly
try to ding the bill, Demo's Glass,
Gore, Adams, McAdoo apparently
will vote against it, making a 10-10
tie, meaning disapproval under Sen
ate rules. Basis of objection: Mor
genthau's wide powers in running
proposed dollar stabilization fund.
F.R. seemed calm at second Con
gressional uprising in ten days, but
things are getting serious. Besides,
almost certain defeat faccs St. Law
rence Waterway Treaty coming up
soon. But important thing is not
defeat itself, bul growing Demo
party schisms—just what wily Re
publican strategist McNary had
hoped for, feared was impossible,
i.e., donkeymen killing themselves
olf trying to please the home folks.
Today is expected to bring a
.showdown fight in U.S. Senate on
F;R.'s dollar-devaluation program.
Obedient House passed the propo®
sals 9 to 1, but plenty of opposition
developed in powerful Senate fi
nance committee hearings. In addi
tion to G.O.P.'s, who will certainly
try to ding the bill, Demo's Glass,
Gore, Adams, McAdoo apparently
will vote against it, making a 10-10
tie, meaning disapproval under Sen
ate rules. Basis of objection: Mor
genthau's wide powers in running
proposed dollar stabilization fund.
F.R. seemed calm at second Con
gressional uprising in ten days, but
things are getting serious. Besides,
almost certain defeat faccs St. Law
rence Waterway Treaty coming up
soon. But important thing is not
defeat itself, bul growing Demo
party schisms—just what wily Re
publican strategist McNary had
hoped for, feared was impossible,
i.e., donkeymen killing themselves
olf trying to please the home folks.
Today is expected to bring a
.showdown fight in U.S. Senate on
F;R.'s dollar-devaluation program.
Obedient House passed the propo®
sals 9 to 1, but plenty of opposition
developed in powerful Senate fi
nance committee hearings. In addi
tion to G.O.P.'s, who will certainly
try to ding the bill, Demo's Glass,
Gore, Adams, McAdoo apparently
will vote against it, making a 10-10
tie, meaning disapproval under Sen
ate rules. Basis of objection: Mor
genthau's wide powers in running
proposed dollar stabilization fund.
F.R. seemed calm at second Con
gressional uprising in ten days, but
things are getting serious. Besides,
almost certain defeat faccs St. Law
rence Waterway Treaty coming up
soon. But important thing is not
defeat itself, bul growing Demo
party schisms—just what wily Re
publican strategist McNary had
hoped for, feared was impossible,
i.e., donkeymen killing themselves
olf trying to please the home folks.
Today is expected to bring a
.showdown fight in U.S. Senate on
F;R.'s dollar-devaluation program.
Obedient House passed the propo®
sals 9 to 1, but plenty of opposition
developed in powerful Senate fi
nance committee hearings. In addi
tion to G.O.P.'s, who will certainly
try to ding the bill, Demo's Glass,
Gore, Adams, McAdoo apparently
will vote against it, making a 10-10
tie, meaning disapproval under Sen
ate rules. Basis of objection: Mor
genthau's wide powers in running
proposed dollar stabilization fund.
F.R. seemed calm at second Con
gressional uprising in ten days, but
things are getting serious. Besides,
almost certain defeat faccs St. Law
rence Waterway Treaty coming up
soon. But important thing is not
defeat itself, bul growing Demo
party schisms—just what wily Re
publican strategist McNary had
hoped for, feared was impossible,
i.e., donkeymen killing themselves
olf trying to please the home folks.
Today is expected to bring a
.showdown fight in U.S. Senate on
F;R.'s dollar-devaluation program.
Obedient House passed the propo®
sals 9 to 1, but plenty of opposition
developed in powerful Senate fi
nance committee hearings. In addi
tion to G.O.P.'s, who will certainly
try to ding the bill, Demo's Glass,
Gore, Adams, McAdoo apparently
will vote against it, making a 10-10
tie, meaning disapproval under Sen
ate rules. Basis of objection: Mor
genthau's wide powers in running
proposed dollar stabilization fund.
F.R. seemed calm at second Con
gressional uprising in ten days, but
things are getting serious. Besides,
almost certain defeat faccs St. Law
rence Waterway Treaty coming up
soon. But important thing is not
defeat itself, bul growing Demo
party schisms—just what wily Re
publican strategist McNary had
hoped for, feared was impossible,
i.e., donkeymen killing themselves
olf trying to please the home folks.
Today is expected to bring a
.showdown fight in U.S. Senate on
F;R.'s dollar-devaluation program.
Obedient House passed the propo®
sals 9 to 1, but plenty of opposition
developed in powerful Senate fi
nance committee hearings. In addi
tion to G.O.P.'s, who will certainly
try to ding the bill, Demo's Glass,
Gore, Adams, McAdoo apparently
will vote against it, making a 10-10
tie, meaning disapproval under Sen
ate rules. Basis of objection: Mor
genthau's wide powers in running
proposed dollar stabilization fund.
F.R. seemed calm at second Con
gressional uprising in ten days, but
things are getting serious. Besides,
almost certain defeat faccs St. Law
rence Waterway Treaty coming up
soon. But important thing is not
defeat itself, bul growing Demo
party schisms—just what wily Re
publican strategist McNary had
hoped for, feared was impossible,
i.e., donkeymen killing themselves
olf trying to please the home folks.
