# As Expected
## 
### 
The annual Knights of Columbus
charity game ended in a 21 to 7 win
for the Chicago Bears over the Pa
cific Coast All-Stars. Red Grange
and his boys were assertedly bril
liant.
The annual Knights of Columbus
charity game ended in a 21 to 7 win
for the Chicago Bears over the Pa
cific Coast All-Stars. Red Grange
and his boys were assertedly bril
liant.
The annual Knights of Columbus
charity game ended in a 21 to 7 win
for the Chicago Bears over the Pa
cific Coast All-Stars. Red Grange
and his boys were assertedly bril
liant.
The annual Knights of Columbus
charity game ended in a 21 to 7 win
for the Chicago Bears over the Pa
cific Coast All-Stars. Red Grange
and his boys were assertedly bril
liant.
The annual Knights of Columbus
charity game ended in a 21 to 7 win
for the Chicago Bears over the Pa
cific Coast All-Stars. Red Grange
and his boys were assertedly bril
liant.
The annual Knights of Columbus
charity game ended in a 21 to 7 win
for the Chicago Bears over the Pa
cific Coast All-Stars. Red Grange
and his boys were assertedly bril
liant.
The annual Knights of Columbus
charity game ended in a 21 to 7 win
for the Chicago Bears over the Pa
cific Coast All-Stars. Red Grange
and his boys were assertedly bril
liant.
The annual Knights of Columbus
charity game ended in a 21 to 7 win
for the Chicago Bears over the Pa
cific Coast All-Stars. Red Grange
and his boys were assertedly bril
liant.
The annual Knights of Columbus
charity game ended in a 21 to 7 win
for the Chicago Bears over the Pa
cific Coast All-Stars. Red Grange
and his boys were assertedly bril
liant.
The annual Knights of Columbus
charity game ended in a 21 to 7 win
for the Chicago Bears over the Pa
cific Coast All-Stars. Red Grange
and his boys were assertedly bril
liant.
The annual Knights of Columbus
charity game ended in a 21 to 7 win
for the Chicago Bears over the Pa
cific Coast All-Stars. Red Grange
and his boys were assertedly bril
liant.
The annual Knights of Columbus
charity game ended in a 21 to 7 win
for the Chicago Bears over the Pa
cific Coast All-Stars. Red Grange
and his boys were assertedly bril
liant.
The annual Knights of Columbus
charity game ended in a 21 to 7 win
for the Chicago Bears over the Pa
cific Coast All-Stars. Red Grange
and his boys were assertedly bril
liant.
The annual Knights of Columbus
charity game ended in a 21 to 7 win
for the Chicago Bears over the Pa
cific Coast All-Stars. Red Grange
and his boys were assertedly bril
liant.
The annual Knights of Columbus
charity game ended in a 21 to 7 win
for the Chicago Bears over the Pa
cific Coast All-Stars. Red Grange
and his boys were assertedly bril
liant.
