# Adv. 3 Page 2
## 
### 
j Special!
!
1 Year Guarantee
(UNCONDITIONAL)
Battery
$5.95
O'MEARA
TIRE SERVICE
Cor. Alma & Forest Ave.
Phone 4913 — Service Car
i
j Special!
!
1 Year Guarantee
(UNCONDITIONAL)
Battery
$5.95
O'MEARA
TIRE SERVICE
Cor. Alma & Forest Ave.
Phone 4913 — Service Car
i
j Special!
!
1 Year Guarantee
(UNCONDITIONAL)
Battery
$5.95
O'MEARA
TIRE SERVICE
Cor. Alma & Forest Ave.
Phone 4913 — Service Car
i
j Special!
!
1 Year Guarantee
(UNCONDITIONAL)
Battery
$5.95
O'MEARA
TIRE SERVICE
Cor. Alma & Forest Ave.
Phone 4913 — Service Car
i
j Special!
!
1 Year Guarantee
(UNCONDITIONAL)
Battery
$5.95
O'MEARA
TIRE SERVICE
Cor. Alma & Forest Ave.
Phone 4913 — Service Car
i
j Special!
!
1 Year Guarantee
(UNCONDITIONAL)
Battery
$5.95
O'MEARA
TIRE SERVICE
Cor. Alma & Forest Ave.
Phone 4913 — Service Car
i
j Special!
!
1 Year Guarantee
(UNCONDITIONAL)
Battery
$5.95
O'MEARA
TIRE SERVICE
Cor. Alma & Forest Ave.
Phone 4913 — Service Car
i
j Special!
!
1 Year Guarantee
(UNCONDITIONAL)
Battery
$5.95
O'MEARA
TIRE SERVICE
Cor. Alma & Forest Ave.
Phone 4913 — Service Car
i
j Special!
!
1 Year Guarantee
(UNCONDITIONAL)
Battery
$5.95
O'MEARA
TIRE SERVICE
Cor. Alma & Forest Ave.
Phone 4913 — Service Car
i
j Special!
!
1 Year Guarantee
(UNCONDITIONAL)
Battery
$5.95
O'MEARA
TIRE SERVICE
Cor. Alma & Forest Ave.
Phone 4913 — Service Car
i
j Special!
!
1 Year Guarantee
(UNCONDITIONAL)
Battery
$5.95
O'MEARA
TIRE SERVICE
Cor. Alma & Forest Ave.
Phone 4913 — Service Car
i
j Special!
!
1 Year Guarantee
(UNCONDITIONAL)
Battery
$5.95
O'MEARA
TIRE SERVICE
Cor. Alma & Forest Ave.
Phone 4913 — Service Car
i
j Special!
!
1 Year Guarantee
(UNCONDITIONAL)
Battery
$5.95
O'MEARA
TIRE SERVICE
Cor. Alma & Forest Ave.
Phone 4913 — Service Car
i
j Special!
!
1 Year Guarantee
(UNCONDITIONAL)
Battery
$5.95
O'MEARA
TIRE SERVICE
Cor. Alma & Forest Ave.
Phone 4913 — Service Car
i
j Special!
!
1 Year Guarantee
(UNCONDITIONAL)
Battery
$5.95
O'MEARA
TIRE SERVICE
Cor. Alma & Forest Ave.
Phone 4913 — Service Car
i
