# JAPAN TO SIGN
## 
### 
TOKYO, Japan, April 2<>. t/p)
Instructions entitling Delegate
Wakatmiki to sign the naval pact
in behalf of Japan were dispatched
to London tonight alter a careful
study by high officials of Japan.
TOKYO, Japan, April 2<>. t/p)
Instructions entitling Delegate
Wakatmiki to sign the naval pact
in behalf of Japan were dispatched
to London tonight alter a careful
study by high officials of Japan.
TOKYO, Japan, April 2<>. t/p)
Instructions entitling Delegate
Wakatmiki to sign the naval pact
in behalf of Japan were dispatched
to London tonight alter a careful
study by high officials of Japan.
TOKYO, Japan, April 2<>. t/p)
Instructions entitling Delegate
Wakatmiki to sign the naval pact
in behalf of Japan were dispatched
to London tonight alter a careful
study by high officials of Japan.
TOKYO, Japan, April 2<>. t/p)
Instructions entitling Delegate
Wakatmiki to sign the naval pact
in behalf of Japan were dispatched
to London tonight alter a careful
study by high officials of Japan.
TOKYO, Japan, April 2<>. t/p)
Instructions entitling Delegate
Wakatmiki to sign the naval pact
in behalf of Japan were dispatched
to London tonight alter a careful
study by high officials of Japan.
TOKYO, Japan, April 2<>. t/p)
Instructions entitling Delegate
Wakatmiki to sign the naval pact
in behalf of Japan were dispatched
to London tonight alter a careful
study by high officials of Japan.
TOKYO, Japan, April 2<>. t/p)
Instructions entitling Delegate
Wakatmiki to sign the naval pact
in behalf of Japan were dispatched
to London tonight alter a careful
study by high officials of Japan.
TOKYO, Japan, April 2<>. t/p)
Instructions entitling Delegate
Wakatmiki to sign the naval pact
in behalf of Japan were dispatched
to London tonight alter a careful
study by high officials of Japan.
TOKYO, Japan, April 2<>. t/p)
Instructions entitling Delegate
Wakatmiki to sign the naval pact
in behalf of Japan were dispatched
to London tonight alter a careful
study by high officials of Japan.
TOKYO, Japan, April 2<>. t/p)
Instructions entitling Delegate
Wakatmiki to sign the naval pact
in behalf of Japan were dispatched
to London tonight alter a careful
study by high officials of Japan.
TOKYO, Japan, April 2<>. t/p)
Instructions entitling Delegate
Wakatmiki to sign the naval pact
in behalf of Japan were dispatched
to London tonight alter a careful
study by high officials of Japan.
TOKYO, Japan, April 2<>. t/p)
Instructions entitling Delegate
Wakatmiki to sign the naval pact
in behalf of Japan were dispatched
to London tonight alter a careful
study by high officials of Japan.
TOKYO, Japan, April 2<>. t/p)
Instructions entitling Delegate
Wakatmiki to sign the naval pact
in behalf of Japan were dispatched
to London tonight alter a careful
study by high officials of Japan.
TOKYO, Japan, April 2<>. t/p)
Instructions entitling Delegate
Wakatmiki to sign the naval pact
in behalf of Japan were dispatched
to London tonight alter a careful
study by high officials of Japan.
