# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Frederick Holker, 94, challenged
anyone over 90 years old to a tricycle
race.
Frederick Holker, 94, challenged
anyone over 90 years old to a tricycle
race.
Frederick Holker, 94, challenged
anyone over 90 years old to a tricycle
race.
Frederick Holker, 94, challenged
anyone over 90 years old to a tricycle
race.
Frederick Holker, 94, challenged
anyone over 90 years old to a tricycle
race.
Frederick Holker, 94, challenged
anyone over 90 years old to a tricycle
race.
Frederick Holker, 94, challenged
anyone over 90 years old to a tricycle
race.
Frederick Holker, 94, challenged
anyone over 90 years old to a tricycle
race.
Frederick Holker, 94, challenged
anyone over 90 years old to a tricycle
race.
Frederick Holker, 94, challenged
anyone over 90 years old to a tricycle
race.
Frederick Holker, 94, challenged
anyone over 90 years old to a tricycle
race.
Frederick Holker, 94, challenged
anyone over 90 years old to a tricycle
race.
Frederick Holker, 94, challenged
anyone over 90 years old to a tricycle
race.
Frederick Holker, 94, challenged
anyone over 90 years old to a tricycle
race.
Frederick Holker, 94, challenged
anyone over 90 years old to a tricycle
race.
