# Adv. 12 Page 4
## 
### 
VARSITY THEATRE ]
Phone P. A. 503 Palo Alto, Cal. j
jffjf ifk _ Ingram
Production. o£
Prisoner oP Zerida
by Antlvoxvy Hope
3Q»»(4ni4t*jatiou ijEdwdrd Rose* 4
VARSITY THEATRE ]
Phone P. A. 503 Palo Alto, Cal. j
jffjf ifk _ Ingram
Production. o£
Prisoner oP Zerida
by Antlvoxvy Hope
3Q»»(4ni4t*jatiou ijEdwdrd Rose* 4
VARSITY THEATRE ]
Phone P. A. 503 Palo Alto, Cal. j
jffjf ifk _ Ingram
Production. o£
Prisoner oP Zerida
by Antlvoxvy Hope
3Q»»(4ni4t*jatiou ijEdwdrd Rose* 4
VARSITY THEATRE ]
Phone P. A. 503 Palo Alto, Cal. j
jffjf ifk _ Ingram
Production. o£
Prisoner oP Zerida
by Antlvoxvy Hope
3Q»»(4ni4t*jatiou ijEdwdrd Rose* 4
VARSITY THEATRE ]
Phone P. A. 503 Palo Alto, Cal. j
jffjf ifk _ Ingram
Production. o£
Prisoner oP Zerida
by Antlvoxvy Hope
3Q»»(4ni4t*jatiou ijEdwdrd Rose* 4
VARSITY THEATRE ]
Phone P. A. 503 Palo Alto, Cal. j
jffjf ifk _ Ingram
Production. o£
Prisoner oP Zerida
by Antlvoxvy Hope
3Q»»(4ni4t*jatiou ijEdwdrd Rose* 4
VARSITY THEATRE ]
Phone P. A. 503 Palo Alto, Cal. j
jffjf ifk _ Ingram
Production. o£
Prisoner oP Zerida
by Antlvoxvy Hope
3Q»»(4ni4t*jatiou ijEdwdrd Rose* 4
VARSITY THEATRE ]
Phone P. A. 503 Palo Alto, Cal. j
jffjf ifk _ Ingram
Production. o£
Prisoner oP Zerida
by Antlvoxvy Hope
3Q»»(4ni4t*jatiou ijEdwdrd Rose* 4
VARSITY THEATRE ]
Phone P. A. 503 Palo Alto, Cal. j
jffjf ifk _ Ingram
Production. o£
Prisoner oP Zerida
by Antlvoxvy Hope
3Q»»(4ni4t*jatiou ijEdwdrd Rose* 4
VARSITY THEATRE ]
Phone P. A. 503 Palo Alto, Cal. j
jffjf ifk _ Ingram
Production. o£
Prisoner oP Zerida
by Antlvoxvy Hope
3Q»»(4ni4t*jatiou ijEdwdrd Rose* 4
VARSITY THEATRE ]
Phone P. A. 503 Palo Alto, Cal. j
jffjf ifk _ Ingram
Production. o£
Prisoner oP Zerida
by Antlvoxvy Hope
3Q»»(4ni4t*jatiou ijEdwdrd Rose* 4
VARSITY THEATRE ]
Phone P. A. 503 Palo Alto, Cal. j
jffjf ifk _ Ingram
Production. o£
Prisoner oP Zerida
by Antlvoxvy Hope
3Q»»(4ni4t*jatiou ijEdwdrd Rose* 4
VARSITY THEATRE ]
Phone P. A. 503 Palo Alto, Cal. j
jffjf ifk _ Ingram
Production. o£
Prisoner oP Zerida
by Antlvoxvy Hope
3Q»»(4ni4t*jatiou ijEdwdrd Rose* 4
VARSITY THEATRE ]
Phone P. A. 503 Palo Alto, Cal. j
jffjf ifk _ Ingram
Production. o£
Prisoner oP Zerida
by Antlvoxvy Hope
3Q»»(4ni4t*jatiou ijEdwdrd Rose* 4
