# CALIFORNIA RANKS SECOND IN SUMMER SESSION ENROLLMENT
## 
### 
According to statistics recently com
piled, the University of California ranks
second only to Columbia University in
summer session registration. The six
universities which lead in enrollment
are: Columbia, 12567; California, 9698;
Chicago, 6470; Wisconsin, 4273; Min
nesota, 3174 and Colorado, 3138. The
University of California is planning to
care for an even greater increase in
the 1923 sessions.
According to statistics recently com
piled, the University of California ranks
second only to Columbia University in
summer session registration. The six
universities which lead in enrollment
are: Columbia, 12567; California, 9698;
Chicago, 6470; Wisconsin, 4273; Min
nesota, 3174 and Colorado, 3138. The
University of California is planning to
care for an even greater increase in
the 1923 sessions.
According to statistics recently com
piled, the University of California ranks
second only to Columbia University in
summer session registration. The six
universities which lead in enrollment
are: Columbia, 12567; California, 9698;
Chicago, 6470; Wisconsin, 4273; Min
nesota, 3174 and Colorado, 3138. The
University of California is planning to
care for an even greater increase in
the 1923 sessions.
According to statistics recently com
piled, the University of California ranks
second only to Columbia University in
summer session registration. The six
universities which lead in enrollment
are: Columbia, 12567; California, 9698;
Chicago, 6470; Wisconsin, 4273; Min
nesota, 3174 and Colorado, 3138. The
University of California is planning to
care for an even greater increase in
the 1923 sessions.
According to statistics recently com
piled, the University of California ranks
second only to Columbia University in
summer session registration. The six
universities which lead in enrollment
are: Columbia, 12567; California, 9698;
Chicago, 6470; Wisconsin, 4273; Min
nesota, 3174 and Colorado, 3138. The
University of California is planning to
care for an even greater increase in
the 1923 sessions.
According to statistics recently com
piled, the University of California ranks
second only to Columbia University in
summer session registration. The six
universities which lead in enrollment
are: Columbia, 12567; California, 9698;
Chicago, 6470; Wisconsin, 4273; Min
nesota, 3174 and Colorado, 3138. The
University of California is planning to
care for an even greater increase in
the 1923 sessions.
According to statistics recently com
piled, the University of California ranks
second only to Columbia University in
summer session registration. The six
universities which lead in enrollment
are: Columbia, 12567; California, 9698;
Chicago, 6470; Wisconsin, 4273; Min
nesota, 3174 and Colorado, 3138. The
University of California is planning to
care for an even greater increase in
the 1923 sessions.
According to statistics recently com
piled, the University of California ranks
second only to Columbia University in
summer session registration. The six
universities which lead in enrollment
are: Columbia, 12567; California, 9698;
Chicago, 6470; Wisconsin, 4273; Min
nesota, 3174 and Colorado, 3138. The
University of California is planning to
care for an even greater increase in
the 1923 sessions.
According to statistics recently com
piled, the University of California ranks
second only to Columbia University in
summer session registration. The six
universities which lead in enrollment
are: Columbia, 12567; California, 9698;
Chicago, 6470; Wisconsin, 4273; Min
nesota, 3174 and Colorado, 3138. The
University of California is planning to
care for an even greater increase in
the 1923 sessions.
According to statistics recently com
piled, the University of California ranks
second only to Columbia University in
summer session registration. The six
universities which lead in enrollment
are: Columbia, 12567; California, 9698;
Chicago, 6470; Wisconsin, 4273; Min
nesota, 3174 and Colorado, 3138. The
University of California is planning to
care for an even greater increase in
the 1923 sessions.
According to statistics recently com
piled, the University of California ranks
second only to Columbia University in
summer session registration. The six
universities which lead in enrollment
are: Columbia, 12567; California, 9698;
Chicago, 6470; Wisconsin, 4273; Min
nesota, 3174 and Colorado, 3138. The
University of California is planning to
care for an even greater increase in
the 1923 sessions.
According to statistics recently com
piled, the University of California ranks
second only to Columbia University in
summer session registration. The six
universities which lead in enrollment
are: Columbia, 12567; California, 9698;
Chicago, 6470; Wisconsin, 4273; Min
nesota, 3174 and Colorado, 3138. The
University of California is planning to
care for an even greater increase in
the 1923 sessions.
According to statistics recently com
piled, the University of California ranks
second only to Columbia University in
summer session registration. The six
universities which lead in enrollment
are: Columbia, 12567; California, 9698;
Chicago, 6470; Wisconsin, 4273; Min
nesota, 3174 and Colorado, 3138. The
University of California is planning to
care for an even greater increase in
the 1923 sessions.
According to statistics recently com
piled, the University of California ranks
second only to Columbia University in
summer session registration. The six
universities which lead in enrollment
are: Columbia, 12567; California, 9698;
Chicago, 6470; Wisconsin, 4273; Min
nesota, 3174 and Colorado, 3138. The
University of California is planning to
care for an even greater increase in
the 1923 sessions.
