# VENTURA ELECTION
## 
### 
Alison Clark is tlic new president
of Casa Ventura. Othcff cabinet
members are Helen Austin, vice
president; Donnic Stewart, .secre
tary; Joanne Freeman, treasurer;
and Jeanne Dickson, social chair
man.
Alison Clark is tlic new president
of Casa Ventura. Othcff cabinet
members are Helen Austin, vice
president; Donnic Stewart, .secre
tary; Joanne Freeman, treasurer;
and Jeanne Dickson, social chair
man.
Alison Clark is tlic new president
of Casa Ventura. Othcff cabinet
members are Helen Austin, vice
president; Donnic Stewart, .secre
tary; Joanne Freeman, treasurer;
and Jeanne Dickson, social chair
man.
Alison Clark is tlic new president
of Casa Ventura. Othcff cabinet
members are Helen Austin, vice
president; Donnic Stewart, .secre
tary; Joanne Freeman, treasurer;
and Jeanne Dickson, social chair
man.
Alison Clark is tlic new president
of Casa Ventura. Othcff cabinet
members are Helen Austin, vice
president; Donnic Stewart, .secre
tary; Joanne Freeman, treasurer;
and Jeanne Dickson, social chair
man.
Alison Clark is tlic new president
of Casa Ventura. Othcff cabinet
members are Helen Austin, vice
president; Donnic Stewart, .secre
tary; Joanne Freeman, treasurer;
and Jeanne Dickson, social chair
man.
Alison Clark is tlic new president
of Casa Ventura. Othcff cabinet
members are Helen Austin, vice
president; Donnic Stewart, .secre
tary; Joanne Freeman, treasurer;
and Jeanne Dickson, social chair
man.
Alison Clark is tlic new president
of Casa Ventura. Othcff cabinet
members are Helen Austin, vice
president; Donnic Stewart, .secre
tary; Joanne Freeman, treasurer;
and Jeanne Dickson, social chair
man.
Alison Clark is tlic new president
of Casa Ventura. Othcff cabinet
members are Helen Austin, vice
president; Donnic Stewart, .secre
tary; Joanne Freeman, treasurer;
and Jeanne Dickson, social chair
man.
Alison Clark is tlic new president
of Casa Ventura. Othcff cabinet
members are Helen Austin, vice
president; Donnic Stewart, .secre
tary; Joanne Freeman, treasurer;
and Jeanne Dickson, social chair
man.
Alison Clark is tlic new president
of Casa Ventura. Othcff cabinet
members are Helen Austin, vice
president; Donnic Stewart, .secre
tary; Joanne Freeman, treasurer;
and Jeanne Dickson, social chair
man.
Alison Clark is tlic new president
of Casa Ventura. Othcff cabinet
members are Helen Austin, vice
president; Donnic Stewart, .secre
tary; Joanne Freeman, treasurer;
and Jeanne Dickson, social chair
man.
Alison Clark is tlic new president
of Casa Ventura. Othcff cabinet
members are Helen Austin, vice
president; Donnic Stewart, .secre
tary; Joanne Freeman, treasurer;
and Jeanne Dickson, social chair
man.
Alison Clark is tlic new president
of Casa Ventura. Othcff cabinet
members are Helen Austin, vice
president; Donnic Stewart, .secre
tary; Joanne Freeman, treasurer;
and Jeanne Dickson, social chair
man.
