# Announcements.
## 
### 
English ("lull—Meet Thursday, 8
o'clock .at 1129 Emerson street.
Fraternities —Please send lists of
members to Quad Editor Worthy im
mediately.
English ("lull—Meet Thursday, 8
o'clock .at 1129 Emerson street.
Fraternities —Please send lists of
members to Quad Editor Worthy im
mediately.
English ("lull—Meet Thursday, 8
o'clock .at 1129 Emerson street.
Fraternities —Please send lists of
members to Quad Editor Worthy im
mediately.
English ("lull—Meet Thursday, 8
o'clock .at 1129 Emerson street.
Fraternities —Please send lists of
members to Quad Editor Worthy im
mediately.
English ("lull—Meet Thursday, 8
o'clock .at 1129 Emerson street.
Fraternities —Please send lists of
members to Quad Editor Worthy im
mediately.
English ("lull—Meet Thursday, 8
o'clock .at 1129 Emerson street.
Fraternities —Please send lists of
members to Quad Editor Worthy im
mediately.
English ("lull—Meet Thursday, 8
o'clock .at 1129 Emerson street.
Fraternities —Please send lists of
members to Quad Editor Worthy im
mediately.
English ("lull—Meet Thursday, 8
o'clock .at 1129 Emerson street.
Fraternities —Please send lists of
members to Quad Editor Worthy im
mediately.
English ("lull—Meet Thursday, 8
o'clock .at 1129 Emerson street.
Fraternities —Please send lists of
members to Quad Editor Worthy im
mediately.
English ("lull—Meet Thursday, 8
o'clock .at 1129 Emerson street.
Fraternities —Please send lists of
members to Quad Editor Worthy im
mediately.
English ("lull—Meet Thursday, 8
o'clock .at 1129 Emerson street.
Fraternities —Please send lists of
members to Quad Editor Worthy im
mediately.
English ("lull—Meet Thursday, 8
o'clock .at 1129 Emerson street.
Fraternities —Please send lists of
members to Quad Editor Worthy im
mediately.
English ("lull—Meet Thursday, 8
o'clock .at 1129 Emerson street.
Fraternities —Please send lists of
members to Quad Editor Worthy im
mediately.
