# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The congress of Argentine is con
sidering sending 100 students, selected
from its four national colleges, to the
United States for two years' study at
government expense.
The congress of Argentine is con
sidering sending 100 students, selected
from its four national colleges, to the
United States for two years' study at
government expense.
The congress of Argentine is con
sidering sending 100 students, selected
from its four national colleges, to the
United States for two years' study at
government expense.
The congress of Argentine is con
sidering sending 100 students, selected
from its four national colleges, to the
United States for two years' study at
government expense.
The congress of Argentine is con
sidering sending 100 students, selected
from its four national colleges, to the
United States for two years' study at
government expense.
The congress of Argentine is con
sidering sending 100 students, selected
from its four national colleges, to the
United States for two years' study at
government expense.
The congress of Argentine is con
sidering sending 100 students, selected
from its four national colleges, to the
United States for two years' study at
government expense.
The congress of Argentine is con
sidering sending 100 students, selected
from its four national colleges, to the
United States for two years' study at
government expense.
The congress of Argentine is con
sidering sending 100 students, selected
from its four national colleges, to the
United States for two years' study at
government expense.
The congress of Argentine is con
sidering sending 100 students, selected
from its four national colleges, to the
United States for two years' study at
government expense.
The congress of Argentine is con
sidering sending 100 students, selected
from its four national colleges, to the
United States for two years' study at
government expense.
The congress of Argentine is con
sidering sending 100 students, selected
from its four national colleges, to the
United States for two years' study at
government expense.
The congress of Argentine is con
sidering sending 100 students, selected
from its four national colleges, to the
United States for two years' study at
government expense.
