# KREHBIEL WILL LECTURE IN SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA
## Will Discuss "Century of Peace" Before Clubs in Pasadena, Long Beach and San Bernardino. 
### 
Professor E. B. Krehbiel of the His
tory department leaves Sunday for
Southern California where he will de
liver three lectures on "The Century
of Peace," in connection with the cele
bration of the hundred years of peace
among English speaking people. Pro
fessor Krehbiel will address the
Ebell Club in Long Reach, the Shake
speare Club in Pasadena and the Wo
man's Club in San Bernardino. He is
lecturing under the auspices of the
State Federation of Woman's Clubs.
Professor E. B. Krehbiel of the His
tory department leaves Sunday for
Southern California where he will de
liver three lectures on "The Century
of Peace," in connection with the cele
bration of the hundred years of peace
among English speaking people. Pro
fessor Krehbiel will address the
Ebell Club in Long Reach, the Shake
speare Club in Pasadena and the Wo
man's Club in San Bernardino. He is
lecturing under the auspices of the
State Federation of Woman's Clubs.
Professor E. B. Krehbiel of the His
tory department leaves Sunday for
Southern California where he will de
liver three lectures on "The Century
of Peace," in connection with the cele
bration of the hundred years of peace
among English speaking people. Pro
fessor Krehbiel will address the
Ebell Club in Long Reach, the Shake
speare Club in Pasadena and the Wo
man's Club in San Bernardino. He is
lecturing under the auspices of the
State Federation of Woman's Clubs.
Professor E. B. Krehbiel of the His
tory department leaves Sunday for
Southern California where he will de
liver three lectures on "The Century
of Peace," in connection with the cele
bration of the hundred years of peace
among English speaking people. Pro
fessor Krehbiel will address the
Ebell Club in Long Reach, the Shake
speare Club in Pasadena and the Wo
man's Club in San Bernardino. He is
lecturing under the auspices of the
State Federation of Woman's Clubs.
Professor E. B. Krehbiel of the His
tory department leaves Sunday for
Southern California where he will de
liver three lectures on "The Century
of Peace," in connection with the cele
bration of the hundred years of peace
among English speaking people. Pro
fessor Krehbiel will address the
Ebell Club in Long Reach, the Shake
speare Club in Pasadena and the Wo
man's Club in San Bernardino. He is
lecturing under the auspices of the
State Federation of Woman's Clubs.
Professor E. B. Krehbiel of the His
tory department leaves Sunday for
Southern California where he will de
liver three lectures on "The Century
of Peace," in connection with the cele
bration of the hundred years of peace
among English speaking people. Pro
fessor Krehbiel will address the
Ebell Club in Long Reach, the Shake
speare Club in Pasadena and the Wo
man's Club in San Bernardino. He is
lecturing under the auspices of the
State Federation of Woman's Clubs.
Professor E. B. Krehbiel of the His
tory department leaves Sunday for
Southern California where he will de
liver three lectures on "The Century
of Peace," in connection with the cele
bration of the hundred years of peace
among English speaking people. Pro
fessor Krehbiel will address the
Ebell Club in Long Reach, the Shake
speare Club in Pasadena and the Wo
man's Club in San Bernardino. He is
lecturing under the auspices of the
State Federation of Woman's Clubs.
Professor E. B. Krehbiel of the His
tory department leaves Sunday for
Southern California where he will de
liver three lectures on "The Century
of Peace," in connection with the cele
bration of the hundred years of peace
among English speaking people. Pro
fessor Krehbiel will address the
Ebell Club in Long Reach, the Shake
speare Club in Pasadena and the Wo
man's Club in San Bernardino. He is
lecturing under the auspices of the
State Federation of Woman's Clubs.
Professor E. B. Krehbiel of the His
tory department leaves Sunday for
Southern California where he will de
liver three lectures on "The Century
of Peace," in connection with the cele
bration of the hundred years of peace
among English speaking people. Pro
fessor Krehbiel will address the
Ebell Club in Long Reach, the Shake
speare Club in Pasadena and the Wo
man's Club in San Bernardino. He is
lecturing under the auspices of the
State Federation of Woman's Clubs.
Professor E. B. Krehbiel of the His
tory department leaves Sunday for
Southern California where he will de
liver three lectures on "The Century
of Peace," in connection with the cele
bration of the hundred years of peace
among English speaking people. Pro
fessor Krehbiel will address the
Ebell Club in Long Reach, the Shake
speare Club in Pasadena and the Wo
man's Club in San Bernardino. He is
lecturing under the auspices of the
State Federation of Woman's Clubs.
Professor E. B. Krehbiel of the His
tory department leaves Sunday for
Southern California where he will de
liver three lectures on "The Century
of Peace," in connection with the cele
bration of the hundred years of peace
among English speaking people. Pro
fessor Krehbiel will address the
Ebell Club in Long Reach, the Shake
speare Club in Pasadena and the Wo
man's Club in San Bernardino. He is
lecturing under the auspices of the
State Federation of Woman's Clubs.
Professor E. B. Krehbiel of the His
tory department leaves Sunday for
Southern California where he will de
liver three lectures on "The Century
of Peace," in connection with the cele
bration of the hundred years of peace
among English speaking people. Pro
fessor Krehbiel will address the
Ebell Club in Long Reach, the Shake
speare Club in Pasadena and the Wo
man's Club in San Bernardino. He is
lecturing under the auspices of the
State Federation of Woman's Clubs.
Professor E. B. Krehbiel of the His
tory department leaves Sunday for
Southern California where he will de
liver three lectures on "The Century
of Peace," in connection with the cele
bration of the hundred years of peace
among English speaking people. Pro
fessor Krehbiel will address the
Ebell Club in Long Reach, the Shake
speare Club in Pasadena and the Wo
man's Club in San Bernardino. He is
lecturing under the auspices of the
State Federation of Woman's Clubs.
