# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
ASK THE MAN—
who wears this increas
ingly popular new
fabric!
•
Gabardine Slacks
Several colors and patterns
$10
ROOA Btoa
Encina Shop
Hr#. 12-8 P.M.
ASK THE MAN—
who wears this increas
ingly popular new
fabric!
•
Gabardine Slacks
Several colors and patterns
$10
ROOA Btoa
Encina Shop
Hr#. 12-8 P.M.
ASK THE MAN—
who wears this increas
ingly popular new
fabric!
•
Gabardine Slacks
Several colors and patterns
$10
ROOA Btoa
Encina Shop
Hr#. 12-8 P.M.
ASK THE MAN—
who wears this increas
ingly popular new
fabric!
•
Gabardine Slacks
Several colors and patterns
$10
ROOA Btoa
Encina Shop
Hr#. 12-8 P.M.
ASK THE MAN—
who wears this increas
ingly popular new
fabric!
•
Gabardine Slacks
Several colors and patterns
$10
ROOA Btoa
Encina Shop
Hr#. 12-8 P.M.
ASK THE MAN—
who wears this increas
ingly popular new
fabric!
•
Gabardine Slacks
Several colors and patterns
$10
ROOA Btoa
Encina Shop
Hr#. 12-8 P.M.
ASK THE MAN—
who wears this increas
ingly popular new
fabric!
•
Gabardine Slacks
Several colors and patterns
$10
ROOA Btoa
Encina Shop
Hr#. 12-8 P.M.
ASK THE MAN—
who wears this increas
ingly popular new
fabric!
•
Gabardine Slacks
Several colors and patterns
$10
ROOA Btoa
Encina Shop
Hr#. 12-8 P.M.
ASK THE MAN—
who wears this increas
ingly popular new
fabric!
•
Gabardine Slacks
Several colors and patterns
$10
ROOA Btoa
Encina Shop
Hr#. 12-8 P.M.
ASK THE MAN—
who wears this increas
ingly popular new
fabric!
•
Gabardine Slacks
Several colors and patterns
$10
ROOA Btoa
Encina Shop
Hr#. 12-8 P.M.
ASK THE MAN—
who wears this increas
ingly popular new
fabric!
•
Gabardine Slacks
Several colors and patterns
$10
ROOA Btoa
Encina Shop
Hr#. 12-8 P.M.
ASK THE MAN—
who wears this increas
ingly popular new
fabric!
•
Gabardine Slacks
Several colors and patterns
$10
ROOA Btoa
Encina Shop
Hr#. 12-8 P.M.
ASK THE MAN—
who wears this increas
ingly popular new
fabric!
•
Gabardine Slacks
Several colors and patterns
$10
ROOA Btoa
Encina Shop
Hr#. 12-8 P.M.
ASK THE MAN—
who wears this increas
ingly popular new
fabric!
•
Gabardine Slacks
Several colors and patterns
$10
ROOA Btoa
Encina Shop
Hr#. 12-8 P.M.
ASK THE MAN—
who wears this increas
ingly popular new
fabric!
•
Gabardine Slacks
Several colors and patterns
$10
ROOA Btoa
Encina Shop
Hr#. 12-8 P.M.
