# League's Bulletins Will Be Broadcast
## 
### 
GENEVA, Oct. 9 (/P).—The net
work of fast communications to fa
cilitate world-wide co-ordination of
the league's sanctions drive, when it
begins October 10, was organized
today.
Long wave radio bulletins will be
broadcast nightly beginning at 10
o'clock, and short wave broadcasts
will begin at midnight. Special bul
letins will be handled in special
broadcast.
GENEVA, Oct. 9 (/P).—The net
work of fast communications to fa
cilitate world-wide co-ordination of
the league's sanctions drive, when it
begins October 10, was organized
today.
Long wave radio bulletins will be
broadcast nightly beginning at 10
o'clock, and short wave broadcasts
will begin at midnight. Special bul
letins will be handled in special
broadcast.
GENEVA, Oct. 9 (/P).—The net
work of fast communications to fa
cilitate world-wide co-ordination of
the league's sanctions drive, when it
begins October 10, was organized
today.
Long wave radio bulletins will be
broadcast nightly beginning at 10
o'clock, and short wave broadcasts
will begin at midnight. Special bul
letins will be handled in special
broadcast.
GENEVA, Oct. 9 (/P).—The net
work of fast communications to fa
cilitate world-wide co-ordination of
the league's sanctions drive, when it
begins October 10, was organized
today.
Long wave radio bulletins will be
broadcast nightly beginning at 10
o'clock, and short wave broadcasts
will begin at midnight. Special bul
letins will be handled in special
broadcast.
GENEVA, Oct. 9 (/P).—The net
work of fast communications to fa
cilitate world-wide co-ordination of
the league's sanctions drive, when it
begins October 10, was organized
today.
Long wave radio bulletins will be
broadcast nightly beginning at 10
o'clock, and short wave broadcasts
will begin at midnight. Special bul
letins will be handled in special
broadcast.
GENEVA, Oct. 9 (/P).—The net
work of fast communications to fa
cilitate world-wide co-ordination of
the league's sanctions drive, when it
begins October 10, was organized
today.
Long wave radio bulletins will be
broadcast nightly beginning at 10
o'clock, and short wave broadcasts
will begin at midnight. Special bul
letins will be handled in special
broadcast.
GENEVA, Oct. 9 (/P).—The net
work of fast communications to fa
cilitate world-wide co-ordination of
the league's sanctions drive, when it
begins October 10, was organized
today.
Long wave radio bulletins will be
broadcast nightly beginning at 10
o'clock, and short wave broadcasts
will begin at midnight. Special bul
letins will be handled in special
broadcast.
GENEVA, Oct. 9 (/P).—The net
work of fast communications to fa
cilitate world-wide co-ordination of
the league's sanctions drive, when it
begins October 10, was organized
today.
Long wave radio bulletins will be
broadcast nightly beginning at 10
o'clock, and short wave broadcasts
will begin at midnight. Special bul
letins will be handled in special
broadcast.
GENEVA, Oct. 9 (/P).—The net
work of fast communications to fa
cilitate world-wide co-ordination of
the league's sanctions drive, when it
begins October 10, was organized
today.
Long wave radio bulletins will be
broadcast nightly beginning at 10
o'clock, and short wave broadcasts
will begin at midnight. Special bul
letins will be handled in special
broadcast.
GENEVA, Oct. 9 (/P).—The net
work of fast communications to fa
cilitate world-wide co-ordination of
the league's sanctions drive, when it
begins October 10, was organized
today.
Long wave radio bulletins will be
broadcast nightly beginning at 10
o'clock, and short wave broadcasts
will begin at midnight. Special bul
letins will be handled in special
broadcast.
GENEVA, Oct. 9 (/P).—The net
work of fast communications to fa
cilitate world-wide co-ordination of
the league's sanctions drive, when it
begins October 10, was organized
today.
Long wave radio bulletins will be
broadcast nightly beginning at 10
o'clock, and short wave broadcasts
will begin at midnight. Special bul
letins will be handled in special
broadcast.
GENEVA, Oct. 9 (/P).—The net
work of fast communications to fa
cilitate world-wide co-ordination of
the league's sanctions drive, when it
begins October 10, was organized
today.
Long wave radio bulletins will be
broadcast nightly beginning at 10
o'clock, and short wave broadcasts
will begin at midnight. Special bul
letins will be handled in special
broadcast.
GENEVA, Oct. 9 (/P).—The net
work of fast communications to fa
cilitate world-wide co-ordination of
the league's sanctions drive, when it
begins October 10, was organized
today.
Long wave radio bulletins will be
broadcast nightly beginning at 10
o'clock, and short wave broadcasts
will begin at midnight. Special bul
letins will be handled in special
broadcast.
GENEVA, Oct. 9 (/P).—The net
work of fast communications to fa
cilitate world-wide co-ordination of
the league's sanctions drive, when it
begins October 10, was organized
today.
Long wave radio bulletins will be
broadcast nightly beginning at 10
o'clock, and short wave broadcasts
will begin at midnight. Special bul
letins will be handled in special
broadcast.
GENEVA, Oct. 9 (/P).—The net
work of fast communications to fa
cilitate world-wide co-ordination of
the league's sanctions drive, when it
begins October 10, was organized
today.
Long wave radio bulletins will be
broadcast nightly beginning at 10
o'clock, and short wave broadcasts
will begin at midnight. Special bul
letins will be handled in special
broadcast.
