# BIOLOGISTS STUDY SARDINES
## 
### 
Professors W. H. Rich and F. W.
Weymouth of the Stanford biology
department were appointed by Her
bert Davis, executive officer of the
California Fish and Game Commis
sion, to find out how fast a sardine
can multiply. Associated with them
will be H. J. Anderson, manager of
the California Sardine Products In
stitute.
Professors W. H. Rich and F. W.
Weymouth of the Stanford biology
department were appointed by Her
bert Davis, executive officer of the
California Fish and Game Commis
sion, to find out how fast a sardine
can multiply. Associated with them
will be H. J. Anderson, manager of
the California Sardine Products In
stitute.
Professors W. H. Rich and F. W.
Weymouth of the Stanford biology
department were appointed by Her
bert Davis, executive officer of the
California Fish and Game Commis
sion, to find out how fast a sardine
can multiply. Associated with them
will be H. J. Anderson, manager of
the California Sardine Products In
stitute.
Professors W. H. Rich and F. W.
Weymouth of the Stanford biology
department were appointed by Her
bert Davis, executive officer of the
California Fish and Game Commis
sion, to find out how fast a sardine
can multiply. Associated with them
will be H. J. Anderson, manager of
the California Sardine Products In
stitute.
Professors W. H. Rich and F. W.
Weymouth of the Stanford biology
department were appointed by Her
bert Davis, executive officer of the
California Fish and Game Commis
sion, to find out how fast a sardine
can multiply. Associated with them
will be H. J. Anderson, manager of
the California Sardine Products In
stitute.
Professors W. H. Rich and F. W.
Weymouth of the Stanford biology
department were appointed by Her
bert Davis, executive officer of the
California Fish and Game Commis
sion, to find out how fast a sardine
can multiply. Associated with them
will be H. J. Anderson, manager of
the California Sardine Products In
stitute.
Professors W. H. Rich and F. W.
Weymouth of the Stanford biology
department were appointed by Her
bert Davis, executive officer of the
California Fish and Game Commis
sion, to find out how fast a sardine
can multiply. Associated with them
will be H. J. Anderson, manager of
the California Sardine Products In
stitute.
Professors W. H. Rich and F. W.
Weymouth of the Stanford biology
department were appointed by Her
bert Davis, executive officer of the
California Fish and Game Commis
sion, to find out how fast a sardine
can multiply. Associated with them
will be H. J. Anderson, manager of
the California Sardine Products In
stitute.
Professors W. H. Rich and F. W.
Weymouth of the Stanford biology
department were appointed by Her
bert Davis, executive officer of the
California Fish and Game Commis
sion, to find out how fast a sardine
can multiply. Associated with them
will be H. J. Anderson, manager of
the California Sardine Products In
stitute.
Professors W. H. Rich and F. W.
Weymouth of the Stanford biology
department were appointed by Her
bert Davis, executive officer of the
California Fish and Game Commis
sion, to find out how fast a sardine
can multiply. Associated with them
will be H. J. Anderson, manager of
the California Sardine Products In
stitute.
Professors W. H. Rich and F. W.
Weymouth of the Stanford biology
department were appointed by Her
bert Davis, executive officer of the
California Fish and Game Commis
sion, to find out how fast a sardine
can multiply. Associated with them
will be H. J. Anderson, manager of
the California Sardine Products In
stitute.
Professors W. H. Rich and F. W.
Weymouth of the Stanford biology
department were appointed by Her
bert Davis, executive officer of the
California Fish and Game Commis
sion, to find out how fast a sardine
can multiply. Associated with them
will be H. J. Anderson, manager of
the California Sardine Products In
stitute.
Professors W. H. Rich and F. W.
Weymouth of the Stanford biology
department were appointed by Her
bert Davis, executive officer of the
California Fish and Game Commis
sion, to find out how fast a sardine
can multiply. Associated with them
will be H. J. Anderson, manager of
the California Sardine Products In
stitute.
Professors W. H. Rich and F. W.
Weymouth of the Stanford biology
department were appointed by Her
bert Davis, executive officer of the
California Fish and Game Commis
sion, to find out how fast a sardine
can multiply. Associated with them
will be H. J. Anderson, manager of
the California Sardine Products In
stitute.
Professors W. H. Rich and F. W.
Weymouth of the Stanford biology
department were appointed by Her
bert Davis, executive officer of the
California Fish and Game Commis
sion, to find out how fast a sardine
can multiply. Associated with them
will be H. J. Anderson, manager of
the California Sardine Products In
stitute.
