# Will They Speak Soon?
## 
### 

As Italy and Ethiopia clashed, a mighty British fleet was poised in
the Mediterranean awaiting developments. Here is an example of the
huge guns the British are prepared to man if trouble arises involving
any British rights or possssions. (Associated Press Photo.)

As Italy and Ethiopia clashed, a mighty British fleet was poised in
the Mediterranean awaiting developments. Here is an example of the
huge guns the British are prepared to man if trouble arises involving
any British rights or possssions. (Associated Press Photo.)

As Italy and Ethiopia clashed, a mighty British fleet was poised in
the Mediterranean awaiting developments. Here is an example of the
huge guns the British are prepared to man if trouble arises involving
any British rights or possssions. (Associated Press Photo.)

As Italy and Ethiopia clashed, a mighty British fleet was poised in
the Mediterranean awaiting developments. Here is an example of the
huge guns the British are prepared to man if trouble arises involving
any British rights or possssions. (Associated Press Photo.)

As Italy and Ethiopia clashed, a mighty British fleet was poised in
the Mediterranean awaiting developments. Here is an example of the
huge guns the British are prepared to man if trouble arises involving
any British rights or possssions. (Associated Press Photo.)

As Italy and Ethiopia clashed, a mighty British fleet was poised in
the Mediterranean awaiting developments. Here is an example of the
huge guns the British are prepared to man if trouble arises involving
any British rights or possssions. (Associated Press Photo.)

As Italy and Ethiopia clashed, a mighty British fleet was poised in
the Mediterranean awaiting developments. Here is an example of the
huge guns the British are prepared to man if trouble arises involving
any British rights or possssions. (Associated Press Photo.)

As Italy and Ethiopia clashed, a mighty British fleet was poised in
the Mediterranean awaiting developments. Here is an example of the
huge guns the British are prepared to man if trouble arises involving
any British rights or possssions. (Associated Press Photo.)

As Italy and Ethiopia clashed, a mighty British fleet was poised in
the Mediterranean awaiting developments. Here is an example of the
huge guns the British are prepared to man if trouble arises involving
any British rights or possssions. (Associated Press Photo.)

As Italy and Ethiopia clashed, a mighty British fleet was poised in
the Mediterranean awaiting developments. Here is an example of the
huge guns the British are prepared to man if trouble arises involving
any British rights or possssions. (Associated Press Photo.)

As Italy and Ethiopia clashed, a mighty British fleet was poised in
the Mediterranean awaiting developments. Here is an example of the
huge guns the British are prepared to man if trouble arises involving
any British rights or possssions. (Associated Press Photo.)

As Italy and Ethiopia clashed, a mighty British fleet was poised in
the Mediterranean awaiting developments. Here is an example of the
huge guns the British are prepared to man if trouble arises involving
any British rights or possssions. (Associated Press Photo.)

As Italy and Ethiopia clashed, a mighty British fleet was poised in
the Mediterranean awaiting developments. Here is an example of the
huge guns the British are prepared to man if trouble arises involving
any British rights or possssions. (Associated Press Photo.)

As Italy and Ethiopia clashed, a mighty British fleet was poised in
the Mediterranean awaiting developments. Here is an example of the
huge guns the British are prepared to man if trouble arises involving
any British rights or possssions. (Associated Press Photo.)

As Italy and Ethiopia clashed, a mighty British fleet was poised in
the Mediterranean awaiting developments. Here is an example of the
huge guns the British are prepared to man if trouble arises involving
any British rights or possssions. (Associated Press Photo.)
