# Adv. 24 Page 4
## 
### 
a
Queen
Jeannie Dußois, Queen of this
year's Military Ball, poses with
her flowers.
a
Queen
Jeannie Dußois, Queen of this
year's Military Ball, poses with
her flowers.
a
Queen
Jeannie Dußois, Queen of this
year's Military Ball, poses with
her flowers.
a
Queen
Jeannie Dußois, Queen of this
year's Military Ball, poses with
her flowers.
a
Queen
Jeannie Dußois, Queen of this
year's Military Ball, poses with
her flowers.
a
Queen
Jeannie Dußois, Queen of this
year's Military Ball, poses with
her flowers.
a
Queen
Jeannie Dußois, Queen of this
year's Military Ball, poses with
her flowers.
a
Queen
Jeannie Dußois, Queen of this
year's Military Ball, poses with
her flowers.
a
Queen
Jeannie Dußois, Queen of this
year's Military Ball, poses with
her flowers.
a
Queen
Jeannie Dußois, Queen of this
year's Military Ball, poses with
her flowers.
a
Queen
Jeannie Dußois, Queen of this
year's Military Ball, poses with
her flowers.
a
Queen
Jeannie Dußois, Queen of this
year's Military Ball, poses with
her flowers.
a
Queen
Jeannie Dußois, Queen of this
year's Military Ball, poses with
her flowers.
a
Queen
Jeannie Dußois, Queen of this
year's Military Ball, poses with
her flowers.
a
Queen
Jeannie Dußois, Queen of this
year's Military Ball, poses with
her flowers.
