# Vos Directs And Leaves
## 
### 
Stanford Repertory Theater's
visiting director from Holland,
Erik Vos, will leave the Univer
sity following the opening of
Aeschylus' "Prometheus Bound,"
which he directs.
The play begins a 10-day run
in Memorial Auditorium Wed
nesday, Feb. 2.
Vos will teach at Carnegie In
stitute of Technology and com
plete a Fulbright grant by di
recting at the Pittsburgh Play
house.
Mel Shapiro, another visiting
director, is presently at the
Hartford (Conn.) Stage Com
pany to direct "The Importance
of Being Ernest." He returns to
Stanford in mid-February and
will direct "The Goodwoman of
Setzuan," the final production
for the season for Stanford Rep
ertory Theater. This will open
in May.
Stanford Repertory Theater's
visiting director from Holland,
Erik Vos, will leave the Univer
sity following the opening of
Aeschylus' "Prometheus Bound,"
which he directs.
The play begins a 10-day run
in Memorial Auditorium Wed
nesday, Feb. 2.
Vos will teach at Carnegie In
stitute of Technology and com
plete a Fulbright grant by di
recting at the Pittsburgh Play
house.
Mel Shapiro, another visiting
director, is presently at the
Hartford (Conn.) Stage Com
pany to direct "The Importance
of Being Ernest." He returns to
Stanford in mid-February and
will direct "The Goodwoman of
Setzuan," the final production
for the season for Stanford Rep
ertory Theater. This will open
in May.
Stanford Repertory Theater's
visiting director from Holland,
Erik Vos, will leave the Univer
sity following the opening of
Aeschylus' "Prometheus Bound,"
which he directs.
The play begins a 10-day run
in Memorial Auditorium Wed
nesday, Feb. 2.
Vos will teach at Carnegie In
stitute of Technology and com
plete a Fulbright grant by di
recting at the Pittsburgh Play
house.
Mel Shapiro, another visiting
director, is presently at the
Hartford (Conn.) Stage Com
pany to direct "The Importance
of Being Ernest." He returns to
Stanford in mid-February and
will direct "The Goodwoman of
Setzuan," the final production
for the season for Stanford Rep
ertory Theater. This will open
in May.
Stanford Repertory Theater's
visiting director from Holland,
Erik Vos, will leave the Univer
sity following the opening of
Aeschylus' "Prometheus Bound,"
which he directs.
The play begins a 10-day run
in Memorial Auditorium Wed
nesday, Feb. 2.
Vos will teach at Carnegie In
stitute of Technology and com
plete a Fulbright grant by di
recting at the Pittsburgh Play
house.
Mel Shapiro, another visiting
director, is presently at the
Hartford (Conn.) Stage Com
pany to direct "The Importance
of Being Ernest." He returns to
Stanford in mid-February and
will direct "The Goodwoman of
Setzuan," the final production
for the season for Stanford Rep
ertory Theater. This will open
in May.
Stanford Repertory Theater's
visiting director from Holland,
Erik Vos, will leave the Univer
sity following the opening of
Aeschylus' "Prometheus Bound,"
which he directs.
The play begins a 10-day run
in Memorial Auditorium Wed
nesday, Feb. 2.
Vos will teach at Carnegie In
stitute of Technology and com
plete a Fulbright grant by di
recting at the Pittsburgh Play
house.
Mel Shapiro, another visiting
director, is presently at the
Hartford (Conn.) Stage Com
pany to direct "The Importance
of Being Ernest." He returns to
Stanford in mid-February and
will direct "The Goodwoman of
Setzuan," the final production
for the season for Stanford Rep
ertory Theater. This will open
in May.
Stanford Repertory Theater's
visiting director from Holland,
Erik Vos, will leave the Univer
sity following the opening of
Aeschylus' "Prometheus Bound,"
which he directs.
The play begins a 10-day run
in Memorial Auditorium Wed
nesday, Feb. 2.
Vos will teach at Carnegie In
stitute of Technology and com
plete a Fulbright grant by di
recting at the Pittsburgh Play
house.
Mel Shapiro, another visiting
director, is presently at the
Hartford (Conn.) Stage Com
pany to direct "The Importance
of Being Ernest." He returns to
Stanford in mid-February and
will direct "The Goodwoman of
Setzuan," the final production
for the season for Stanford Rep
ertory Theater. This will open
in May.
Stanford Repertory Theater's
visiting director from Holland,
Erik Vos, will leave the Univer
sity following the opening of
Aeschylus' "Prometheus Bound,"
which he directs.
The play begins a 10-day run
in Memorial Auditorium Wed
nesday, Feb. 2.
Vos will teach at Carnegie In
stitute of Technology and com
plete a Fulbright grant by di
recting at the Pittsburgh Play
house.
Mel Shapiro, another visiting
director, is presently at the
Hartford (Conn.) Stage Com
pany to direct "The Importance
of Being Ernest." He returns to
Stanford in mid-February and
will direct "The Goodwoman of
Setzuan," the final production
for the season for Stanford Rep
ertory Theater. This will open
in May.
Stanford Repertory Theater's
visiting director from Holland,
Erik Vos, will leave the Univer
sity following the opening of
Aeschylus' "Prometheus Bound,"
which he directs.
The play begins a 10-day run
in Memorial Auditorium Wed
nesday, Feb. 2.
Vos will teach at Carnegie In
stitute of Technology and com
plete a Fulbright grant by di
recting at the Pittsburgh Play
house.
Mel Shapiro, another visiting
director, is presently at the
Hartford (Conn.) Stage Com
pany to direct "The Importance
of Being Ernest." He returns to
Stanford in mid-February and
will direct "The Goodwoman of
Setzuan," the final production
for the season for Stanford Rep
ertory Theater. This will open
in May.
Stanford Repertory Theater's
visiting director from Holland,
Erik Vos, will leave the Univer
sity following the opening of
Aeschylus' "Prometheus Bound,"
which he directs.
The play begins a 10-day run
in Memorial Auditorium Wed
nesday, Feb. 2.
Vos will teach at Carnegie In
stitute of Technology and com
plete a Fulbright grant by di
recting at the Pittsburgh Play
house.
Mel Shapiro, another visiting
director, is presently at the
Hartford (Conn.) Stage Com
pany to direct "The Importance
of Being Ernest." He returns to
Stanford in mid-February and
will direct "The Goodwoman of
Setzuan," the final production
for the season for Stanford Rep
ertory Theater. This will open
in May.
Stanford Repertory Theater's
visiting director from Holland,
Erik Vos, will leave the Univer
sity following the opening of
Aeschylus' "Prometheus Bound,"
which he directs.
The play begins a 10-day run
in Memorial Auditorium Wed
nesday, Feb. 2.
Vos will teach at Carnegie In
stitute of Technology and com
plete a Fulbright grant by di
recting at the Pittsburgh Play
house.
Mel Shapiro, another visiting
director, is presently at the
Hartford (Conn.) Stage Com
pany to direct "The Importance
of Being Ernest." He returns to
Stanford in mid-February and
will direct "The Goodwoman of
Setzuan," the final production
for the season for Stanford Rep
ertory Theater. This will open
in May.
Stanford Repertory Theater's
visiting director from Holland,
Erik Vos, will leave the Univer
sity following the opening of
Aeschylus' "Prometheus Bound,"
which he directs.
The play begins a 10-day run
in Memorial Auditorium Wed
nesday, Feb. 2.
Vos will teach at Carnegie In
stitute of Technology and com
plete a Fulbright grant by di
recting at the Pittsburgh Play
house.
Mel Shapiro, another visiting
director, is presently at the
Hartford (Conn.) Stage Com
pany to direct "The Importance
of Being Ernest." He returns to
Stanford in mid-February and
will direct "The Goodwoman of
Setzuan," the final production
for the season for Stanford Rep
ertory Theater. This will open
in May.
Stanford Repertory Theater's
visiting director from Holland,
Erik Vos, will leave the Univer
sity following the opening of
Aeschylus' "Prometheus Bound,"
which he directs.
The play begins a 10-day run
in Memorial Auditorium Wed
nesday, Feb. 2.
Vos will teach at Carnegie In
stitute of Technology and com
plete a Fulbright grant by di
recting at the Pittsburgh Play
house.
Mel Shapiro, another visiting
director, is presently at the
Hartford (Conn.) Stage Com
pany to direct "The Importance
of Being Ernest." He returns to
Stanford in mid-February and
will direct "The Goodwoman of
Setzuan," the final production
for the season for Stanford Rep
ertory Theater. This will open
in May.
Stanford Repertory Theater's
visiting director from Holland,
Erik Vos, will leave the Univer
sity following the opening of
Aeschylus' "Prometheus Bound,"
which he directs.
The play begins a 10-day run
in Memorial Auditorium Wed
nesday, Feb. 2.
Vos will teach at Carnegie In
stitute of Technology and com
plete a Fulbright grant by di
recting at the Pittsburgh Play
house.
Mel Shapiro, another visiting
director, is presently at the
Hartford (Conn.) Stage Com
pany to direct "The Importance
of Being Ernest." He returns to
Stanford in mid-February and
will direct "The Goodwoman of
Setzuan," the final production
for the season for Stanford Rep
ertory Theater. This will open
in May.
Stanford Repertory Theater's
visiting director from Holland,
Erik Vos, will leave the Univer
sity following the opening of
Aeschylus' "Prometheus Bound,"
which he directs.
The play begins a 10-day run
in Memorial Auditorium Wed
nesday, Feb. 2.
Vos will teach at Carnegie In
stitute of Technology and com
plete a Fulbright grant by di
recting at the Pittsburgh Play
house.
Mel Shapiro, another visiting
director, is presently at the
Hartford (Conn.) Stage Com
pany to direct "The Importance
of Being Ernest." He returns to
Stanford in mid-February and
will direct "The Goodwoman of
Setzuan," the final production
for the season for Stanford Rep
ertory Theater. This will open
in May.
Stanford Repertory Theater's
visiting director from Holland,
Erik Vos, will leave the Univer
sity following the opening of
Aeschylus' "Prometheus Bound,"
which he directs.
The play begins a 10-day run
in Memorial Auditorium Wed
nesday, Feb. 2.
Vos will teach at Carnegie In
stitute of Technology and com
plete a Fulbright grant by di
recting at the Pittsburgh Play
house.
Mel Shapiro, another visiting
director, is presently at the
Hartford (Conn.) Stage Com
pany to direct "The Importance
of Being Ernest." He returns to
Stanford in mid-February and
will direct "The Goodwoman of
Setzuan," the final production
for the season for Stanford Rep
ertory Theater. This will open
in May.
