# Mal Adjusted
## 
### 

Freshman center Mai McElwain
goes up for a layup against the
Stanford Braves. The freshmen,
now 8-0, meet the Santa Clara
freshman squad Saturday night
at the San Jose Civic Auditor
ium. Santa Clara, with high
school All-American Dave Poul
iot, promises to give the Pa
pooses a tight run for their
money.

Freshman center Mai McElwain
goes up for a layup against the
Stanford Braves. The freshmen,
now 8-0, meet the Santa Clara
freshman squad Saturday night
at the San Jose Civic Auditor
ium. Santa Clara, with high
school All-American Dave Poul
iot, promises to give the Pa
pooses a tight run for their
money.

Freshman center Mai McElwain
goes up for a layup against the
Stanford Braves. The freshmen,
now 8-0, meet the Santa Clara
freshman squad Saturday night
at the San Jose Civic Auditor
ium. Santa Clara, with high
school All-American Dave Poul
iot, promises to give the Pa
pooses a tight run for their
money.

Freshman center Mai McElwain
goes up for a layup against the
Stanford Braves. The freshmen,
now 8-0, meet the Santa Clara
freshman squad Saturday night
at the San Jose Civic Auditor
ium. Santa Clara, with high
school All-American Dave Poul
iot, promises to give the Pa
pooses a tight run for their
money.

Freshman center Mai McElwain
goes up for a layup against the
Stanford Braves. The freshmen,
now 8-0, meet the Santa Clara
freshman squad Saturday night
at the San Jose Civic Auditor
ium. Santa Clara, with high
school All-American Dave Poul
iot, promises to give the Pa
pooses a tight run for their
money.

Freshman center Mai McElwain
goes up for a layup against the
Stanford Braves. The freshmen,
now 8-0, meet the Santa Clara
freshman squad Saturday night
at the San Jose Civic Auditor
ium. Santa Clara, with high
school All-American Dave Poul
iot, promises to give the Pa
pooses a tight run for their
money.

Freshman center Mai McElwain
goes up for a layup against the
Stanford Braves. The freshmen,
now 8-0, meet the Santa Clara
freshman squad Saturday night
at the San Jose Civic Auditor
ium. Santa Clara, with high
school All-American Dave Poul
iot, promises to give the Pa
pooses a tight run for their
money.

Freshman center Mai McElwain
goes up for a layup against the
Stanford Braves. The freshmen,
now 8-0, meet the Santa Clara
freshman squad Saturday night
at the San Jose Civic Auditor
ium. Santa Clara, with high
school All-American Dave Poul
iot, promises to give the Pa
pooses a tight run for their
money.

Freshman center Mai McElwain
goes up for a layup against the
Stanford Braves. The freshmen,
now 8-0, meet the Santa Clara
freshman squad Saturday night
at the San Jose Civic Auditor
ium. Santa Clara, with high
school All-American Dave Poul
iot, promises to give the Pa
pooses a tight run for their
money.

Freshman center Mai McElwain
goes up for a layup against the
Stanford Braves. The freshmen,
now 8-0, meet the Santa Clara
freshman squad Saturday night
at the San Jose Civic Auditor
ium. Santa Clara, with high
school All-American Dave Poul
iot, promises to give the Pa
pooses a tight run for their
money.

Freshman center Mai McElwain
goes up for a layup against the
Stanford Braves. The freshmen,
now 8-0, meet the Santa Clara
freshman squad Saturday night
at the San Jose Civic Auditor
ium. Santa Clara, with high
school All-American Dave Poul
iot, promises to give the Pa
pooses a tight run for their
money.

Freshman center Mai McElwain
goes up for a layup against the
Stanford Braves. The freshmen,
now 8-0, meet the Santa Clara
freshman squad Saturday night
at the San Jose Civic Auditor
ium. Santa Clara, with high
school All-American Dave Poul
iot, promises to give the Pa
pooses a tight run for their
money.

Freshman center Mai McElwain
goes up for a layup against the
Stanford Braves. The freshmen,
now 8-0, meet the Santa Clara
freshman squad Saturday night
at the San Jose Civic Auditor
ium. Santa Clara, with high
school All-American Dave Poul
iot, promises to give the Pa
pooses a tight run for their
money.

Freshman center Mai McElwain
goes up for a layup against the
Stanford Braves. The freshmen,
now 8-0, meet the Santa Clara
freshman squad Saturday night
at the San Jose Civic Auditor
ium. Santa Clara, with high
school All-American Dave Poul
iot, promises to give the Pa
pooses a tight run for their
money.

Freshman center Mai McElwain
goes up for a layup against the
Stanford Braves. The freshmen,
now 8-0, meet the Santa Clara
freshman squad Saturday night
at the San Jose Civic Auditor
ium. Santa Clara, with high
school All-American Dave Poul
iot, promises to give the Pa
pooses a tight run for their
money.
