# Walrus
## 
### 

Launcelot P. Walrus, world famous
lepidopterist was recently honored by
the International Barbers Association
as the originator of the now famous
Walrus mustache.

Launcelot P. Walrus, world famous
lepidopterist was recently honored by
the International Barbers Association
as the originator of the now famous
Walrus mustache.

Launcelot P. Walrus, world famous
lepidopterist was recently honored by
the International Barbers Association
as the originator of the now famous
Walrus mustache.

Launcelot P. Walrus, world famous
lepidopterist was recently honored by
the International Barbers Association
as the originator of the now famous
Walrus mustache.

Launcelot P. Walrus, world famous
lepidopterist was recently honored by
the International Barbers Association
as the originator of the now famous
Walrus mustache.

Launcelot P. Walrus, world famous
lepidopterist was recently honored by
the International Barbers Association
as the originator of the now famous
Walrus mustache.

Launcelot P. Walrus, world famous
lepidopterist was recently honored by
the International Barbers Association
as the originator of the now famous
Walrus mustache.

Launcelot P. Walrus, world famous
lepidopterist was recently honored by
the International Barbers Association
as the originator of the now famous
Walrus mustache.

Launcelot P. Walrus, world famous
lepidopterist was recently honored by
the International Barbers Association
as the originator of the now famous
Walrus mustache.

Launcelot P. Walrus, world famous
lepidopterist was recently honored by
the International Barbers Association
as the originator of the now famous
Walrus mustache.

Launcelot P. Walrus, world famous
lepidopterist was recently honored by
the International Barbers Association
as the originator of the now famous
Walrus mustache.

Launcelot P. Walrus, world famous
lepidopterist was recently honored by
the International Barbers Association
as the originator of the now famous
Walrus mustache.

Launcelot P. Walrus, world famous
lepidopterist was recently honored by
the International Barbers Association
as the originator of the now famous
Walrus mustache.

Launcelot P. Walrus, world famous
lepidopterist was recently honored by
the International Barbers Association
as the originator of the now famous
Walrus mustache.

Launcelot P. Walrus, world famous
lepidopterist was recently honored by
the International Barbers Association
as the originator of the now famous
Walrus mustache.
