# Chinese Visitor Tours Stanford
## 
### 
Dr. Y. G Chen, president of the
University of Nanking, visited the
Stanford campus Friday He is one
of six Chinese academic leaders in
vited by the Cultural Relations Di
vision of the State Department to
spend the year touring American
universities.
Dean John W. Dodds of the School
of Humanities conducted Dr Chen
through Stanford's libraries and
classrooms. The Chinese visitor was
entertained at luncheon in the Stan
ford Union and later conferred with
various faculty members and Uni
versity officials.
Dr. Chen studied in the United
States for five years, receiving the
PhD. degree from Columbia Univer
sity in 1922. In recognition of his
contributions in the field of educa
tion, he was awarded the Butler
Medal by Columbia University in
1929 He is a member of Phi Lambda
Upsilon, honorary chemical frater
nity, and Sigma XI, honorary scien
tific fraternity.
Dr. Y. G Chen, president of the
University of Nanking, visited the
Stanford campus Friday He is one
of six Chinese academic leaders in
vited by the Cultural Relations Di
vision of the State Department to
spend the year touring American
universities.
Dean John W. Dodds of the School
of Humanities conducted Dr Chen
through Stanford's libraries and
classrooms. The Chinese visitor was
entertained at luncheon in the Stan
ford Union and later conferred with
various faculty members and Uni
versity officials.
Dr. Chen studied in the United
States for five years, receiving the
PhD. degree from Columbia Univer
sity in 1922. In recognition of his
contributions in the field of educa
tion, he was awarded the Butler
Medal by Columbia University in
1929 He is a member of Phi Lambda
Upsilon, honorary chemical frater
nity, and Sigma XI, honorary scien
tific fraternity.
Dr. Y. G Chen, president of the
University of Nanking, visited the
Stanford campus Friday He is one
of six Chinese academic leaders in
vited by the Cultural Relations Di
vision of the State Department to
spend the year touring American
universities.
Dean John W. Dodds of the School
of Humanities conducted Dr Chen
through Stanford's libraries and
classrooms. The Chinese visitor was
entertained at luncheon in the Stan
ford Union and later conferred with
various faculty members and Uni
versity officials.
Dr. Chen studied in the United
States for five years, receiving the
PhD. degree from Columbia Univer
sity in 1922. In recognition of his
contributions in the field of educa
tion, he was awarded the Butler
Medal by Columbia University in
1929 He is a member of Phi Lambda
Upsilon, honorary chemical frater
nity, and Sigma XI, honorary scien
tific fraternity.
Dr. Y. G Chen, president of the
University of Nanking, visited the
Stanford campus Friday He is one
of six Chinese academic leaders in
vited by the Cultural Relations Di
vision of the State Department to
spend the year touring American
universities.
Dean John W. Dodds of the School
of Humanities conducted Dr Chen
through Stanford's libraries and
classrooms. The Chinese visitor was
entertained at luncheon in the Stan
ford Union and later conferred with
various faculty members and Uni
versity officials.
Dr. Chen studied in the United
States for five years, receiving the
PhD. degree from Columbia Univer
sity in 1922. In recognition of his
contributions in the field of educa
tion, he was awarded the Butler
Medal by Columbia University in
1929 He is a member of Phi Lambda
Upsilon, honorary chemical frater
nity, and Sigma XI, honorary scien
tific fraternity.
Dr. Y. G Chen, president of the
University of Nanking, visited the
Stanford campus Friday He is one
of six Chinese academic leaders in
vited by the Cultural Relations Di
vision of the State Department to
spend the year touring American
universities.
Dean John W. Dodds of the School
of Humanities conducted Dr Chen
through Stanford's libraries and
classrooms. The Chinese visitor was
entertained at luncheon in the Stan
ford Union and later conferred with
various faculty members and Uni
versity officials.
Dr. Chen studied in the United
States for five years, receiving the
PhD. degree from Columbia Univer
sity in 1922. In recognition of his
contributions in the field of educa
tion, he was awarded the Butler
Medal by Columbia University in
1929 He is a member of Phi Lambda
Upsilon, honorary chemical frater
nity, and Sigma XI, honorary scien
tific fraternity.
Dr. Y. G Chen, president of the
University of Nanking, visited the
Stanford campus Friday He is one
of six Chinese academic leaders in
vited by the Cultural Relations Di
vision of the State Department to
spend the year touring American
universities.
Dean John W. Dodds of the School
of Humanities conducted Dr Chen
through Stanford's libraries and
classrooms. The Chinese visitor was
entertained at luncheon in the Stan
ford Union and later conferred with
various faculty members and Uni
versity officials.
Dr. Chen studied in the United
States for five years, receiving the
PhD. degree from Columbia Univer
sity in 1922. In recognition of his
contributions in the field of educa
tion, he was awarded the Butler
Medal by Columbia University in
1929 He is a member of Phi Lambda
Upsilon, honorary chemical frater
nity, and Sigma XI, honorary scien
tific fraternity.
Dr. Y. G Chen, president of the
University of Nanking, visited the
Stanford campus Friday He is one
of six Chinese academic leaders in
vited by the Cultural Relations Di
vision of the State Department to
spend the year touring American
universities.
Dean John W. Dodds of the School
of Humanities conducted Dr Chen
through Stanford's libraries and
classrooms. The Chinese visitor was
entertained at luncheon in the Stan
ford Union and later conferred with
various faculty members and Uni
versity officials.
Dr. Chen studied in the United
States for five years, receiving the
PhD. degree from Columbia Univer
sity in 1922. In recognition of his
contributions in the field of educa
tion, he was awarded the Butler
Medal by Columbia University in
1929 He is a member of Phi Lambda
Upsilon, honorary chemical frater
nity, and Sigma XI, honorary scien
tific fraternity.
Dr. Y. G Chen, president of the
University of Nanking, visited the
Stanford campus Friday He is one
of six Chinese academic leaders in
vited by the Cultural Relations Di
vision of the State Department to
spend the year touring American
universities.
Dean John W. Dodds of the School
of Humanities conducted Dr Chen
through Stanford's libraries and
classrooms. The Chinese visitor was
entertained at luncheon in the Stan
ford Union and later conferred with
various faculty members and Uni
versity officials.
Dr. Chen studied in the United
States for five years, receiving the
PhD. degree from Columbia Univer
sity in 1922. In recognition of his
contributions in the field of educa
tion, he was awarded the Butler
Medal by Columbia University in
1929 He is a member of Phi Lambda
Upsilon, honorary chemical frater
nity, and Sigma XI, honorary scien
tific fraternity.
Dr. Y. G Chen, president of the
University of Nanking, visited the
Stanford campus Friday He is one
of six Chinese academic leaders in
vited by the Cultural Relations Di
vision of the State Department to
spend the year touring American
universities.
Dean John W. Dodds of the School
of Humanities conducted Dr Chen
through Stanford's libraries and
classrooms. The Chinese visitor was
entertained at luncheon in the Stan
ford Union and later conferred with
various faculty members and Uni
versity officials.
Dr. Chen studied in the United
States for five years, receiving the
PhD. degree from Columbia Univer
sity in 1922. In recognition of his
contributions in the field of educa
tion, he was awarded the Butler
Medal by Columbia University in
1929 He is a member of Phi Lambda
Upsilon, honorary chemical frater
nity, and Sigma XI, honorary scien
tific fraternity.
Dr. Y. G Chen, president of the
University of Nanking, visited the
Stanford campus Friday He is one
of six Chinese academic leaders in
vited by the Cultural Relations Di
vision of the State Department to
spend the year touring American
universities.
Dean John W. Dodds of the School
of Humanities conducted Dr Chen
through Stanford's libraries and
classrooms. The Chinese visitor was
entertained at luncheon in the Stan
ford Union and later conferred with
various faculty members and Uni
versity officials.
Dr. Chen studied in the United
States for five years, receiving the
PhD. degree from Columbia Univer
sity in 1922. In recognition of his
contributions in the field of educa
tion, he was awarded the Butler
Medal by Columbia University in
1929 He is a member of Phi Lambda
Upsilon, honorary chemical frater
nity, and Sigma XI, honorary scien
tific fraternity.
Dr. Y. G Chen, president of the
University of Nanking, visited the
Stanford campus Friday He is one
of six Chinese academic leaders in
vited by the Cultural Relations Di
vision of the State Department to
spend the year touring American
universities.
Dean John W. Dodds of the School
of Humanities conducted Dr Chen
through Stanford's libraries and
classrooms. The Chinese visitor was
entertained at luncheon in the Stan
ford Union and later conferred with
various faculty members and Uni
versity officials.
Dr. Chen studied in the United
States for five years, receiving the
PhD. degree from Columbia Univer
sity in 1922. In recognition of his
contributions in the field of educa
tion, he was awarded the Butler
Medal by Columbia University in
1929 He is a member of Phi Lambda
Upsilon, honorary chemical frater
nity, and Sigma XI, honorary scien
tific fraternity.
Dr. Y. G Chen, president of the
University of Nanking, visited the
Stanford campus Friday He is one
of six Chinese academic leaders in
vited by the Cultural Relations Di
vision of the State Department to
spend the year touring American
universities.
Dean John W. Dodds of the School
of Humanities conducted Dr Chen
through Stanford's libraries and
classrooms. The Chinese visitor was
entertained at luncheon in the Stan
ford Union and later conferred with
various faculty members and Uni
versity officials.
Dr. Chen studied in the United
States for five years, receiving the
PhD. degree from Columbia Univer
sity in 1922. In recognition of his
contributions in the field of educa
tion, he was awarded the Butler
Medal by Columbia University in
1929 He is a member of Phi Lambda
Upsilon, honorary chemical frater
nity, and Sigma XI, honorary scien
tific fraternity.
Dr. Y. G Chen, president of the
University of Nanking, visited the
Stanford campus Friday He is one
of six Chinese academic leaders in
vited by the Cultural Relations Di
vision of the State Department to
spend the year touring American
universities.
Dean John W. Dodds of the School
of Humanities conducted Dr Chen
through Stanford's libraries and
classrooms. The Chinese visitor was
entertained at luncheon in the Stan
ford Union and later conferred with
various faculty members and Uni
versity officials.
Dr. Chen studied in the United
States for five years, receiving the
PhD. degree from Columbia Univer
sity in 1922. In recognition of his
contributions in the field of educa
tion, he was awarded the Butler
Medal by Columbia University in
1929 He is a member of Phi Lambda
Upsilon, honorary chemical frater
nity, and Sigma XI, honorary scien
tific fraternity.
Dr. Y. G Chen, president of the
University of Nanking, visited the
Stanford campus Friday He is one
of six Chinese academic leaders in
vited by the Cultural Relations Di
vision of the State Department to
spend the year touring American
universities.
Dean John W. Dodds of the School
of Humanities conducted Dr Chen
through Stanford's libraries and
classrooms. The Chinese visitor was
entertained at luncheon in the Stan
ford Union and later conferred with
various faculty members and Uni
versity officials.
Dr. Chen studied in the United
States for five years, receiving the
PhD. degree from Columbia Univer
sity in 1922. In recognition of his
contributions in the field of educa
tion, he was awarded the Butler
Medal by Columbia University in
1929 He is a member of Phi Lambda
Upsilon, honorary chemical frater
nity, and Sigma XI, honorary scien
tific fraternity.
Dr. Y. G Chen, president of the
University of Nanking, visited the
Stanford campus Friday He is one
of six Chinese academic leaders in
vited by the Cultural Relations Di
vision of the State Department to
spend the year touring American
universities.
Dean John W. Dodds of the School
of Humanities conducted Dr Chen
through Stanford's libraries and
classrooms. The Chinese visitor was
entertained at luncheon in the Stan
ford Union and later conferred with
various faculty members and Uni
versity officials.
Dr. Chen studied in the United
States for five years, receiving the
PhD. degree from Columbia Univer
sity in 1922. In recognition of his
contributions in the field of educa
tion, he was awarded the Butler
Medal by Columbia University in
1929 He is a member of Phi Lambda
Upsilon, honorary chemical frater
nity, and Sigma XI, honorary scien
tific fraternity.
