# Alumni Notes.
## 
### 
H. R. Stolz, '09, Rhodes scholar at
Oxford, will make a Strong bid for a
position on the rligby fifteen of the
University. Stolz was admitted to he
one of the most promising candidates
for the three-quarter line last year,
hut an injury lost him his chance. It
is said that he is back in form and
will compete with the Englishmen this
fall. Stolz while at Stanford won his
German "S" as a substitute in the
backfleld.
H. R. Stolz, '09, Rhodes scholar at
Oxford, will make a Strong bid for a
position on the rligby fifteen of the
University. Stolz was admitted to he
one of the most promising candidates
for the three-quarter line last year,
hut an injury lost him his chance. It
is said that he is back in form and
will compete with the Englishmen this
fall. Stolz while at Stanford won his
German "S" as a substitute in the
backfleld.
H. R. Stolz, '09, Rhodes scholar at
Oxford, will make a Strong bid for a
position on the rligby fifteen of the
University. Stolz was admitted to he
one of the most promising candidates
for the three-quarter line last year,
hut an injury lost him his chance. It
is said that he is back in form and
will compete with the Englishmen this
fall. Stolz while at Stanford won his
German "S" as a substitute in the
backfleld.
H. R. Stolz, '09, Rhodes scholar at
Oxford, will make a Strong bid for a
position on the rligby fifteen of the
University. Stolz was admitted to he
one of the most promising candidates
for the three-quarter line last year,
hut an injury lost him his chance. It
is said that he is back in form and
will compete with the Englishmen this
fall. Stolz while at Stanford won his
German "S" as a substitute in the
backfleld.
H. R. Stolz, '09, Rhodes scholar at
Oxford, will make a Strong bid for a
position on the rligby fifteen of the
University. Stolz was admitted to he
one of the most promising candidates
for the three-quarter line last year,
hut an injury lost him his chance. It
is said that he is back in form and
will compete with the Englishmen this
fall. Stolz while at Stanford won his
German "S" as a substitute in the
backfleld.
H. R. Stolz, '09, Rhodes scholar at
Oxford, will make a Strong bid for a
position on the rligby fifteen of the
University. Stolz was admitted to he
one of the most promising candidates
for the three-quarter line last year,
hut an injury lost him his chance. It
is said that he is back in form and
will compete with the Englishmen this
fall. Stolz while at Stanford won his
German "S" as a substitute in the
backfleld.
H. R. Stolz, '09, Rhodes scholar at
Oxford, will make a Strong bid for a
position on the rligby fifteen of the
University. Stolz was admitted to he
one of the most promising candidates
for the three-quarter line last year,
hut an injury lost him his chance. It
is said that he is back in form and
will compete with the Englishmen this
fall. Stolz while at Stanford won his
German "S" as a substitute in the
backfleld.
H. R. Stolz, '09, Rhodes scholar at
Oxford, will make a Strong bid for a
position on the rligby fifteen of the
University. Stolz was admitted to he
one of the most promising candidates
for the three-quarter line last year,
hut an injury lost him his chance. It
is said that he is back in form and
will compete with the Englishmen this
fall. Stolz while at Stanford won his
German "S" as a substitute in the
backfleld.
H. R. Stolz, '09, Rhodes scholar at
Oxford, will make a Strong bid for a
position on the rligby fifteen of the
University. Stolz was admitted to he
one of the most promising candidates
for the three-quarter line last year,
hut an injury lost him his chance. It
is said that he is back in form and
will compete with the Englishmen this
fall. Stolz while at Stanford won his
German "S" as a substitute in the
backfleld.
H. R. Stolz, '09, Rhodes scholar at
Oxford, will make a Strong bid for a
position on the rligby fifteen of the
University. Stolz was admitted to he
one of the most promising candidates
for the three-quarter line last year,
hut an injury lost him his chance. It
is said that he is back in form and
will compete with the Englishmen this
fall. Stolz while at Stanford won his
German "S" as a substitute in the
backfleld.
H. R. Stolz, '09, Rhodes scholar at
Oxford, will make a Strong bid for a
position on the rligby fifteen of the
University. Stolz was admitted to he
one of the most promising candidates
for the three-quarter line last year,
hut an injury lost him his chance. It
is said that he is back in form and
will compete with the Englishmen this
fall. Stolz while at Stanford won his
German "S" as a substitute in the
backfleld.
H. R. Stolz, '09, Rhodes scholar at
Oxford, will make a Strong bid for a
position on the rligby fifteen of the
University. Stolz was admitted to he
one of the most promising candidates
for the three-quarter line last year,
hut an injury lost him his chance. It
is said that he is back in form and
will compete with the Englishmen this
fall. Stolz while at Stanford won his
German "S" as a substitute in the
backfleld.
