# TRAVEL TALK ON PANAMA AND THE CANAL ZONE.
## Motion Pictures Endorsed by the Canal Commission Will be Seen at Armory. 
### 
The appearance here of the Kemp
Travel Tales of Panama and the Canal
Zone, at the Armory, on the night of
Monday, October 2, is sure to excite
unusual interest. There is 110 more
timely a subject to the American pub
lic at large and particularly to the

people of the Pacific Coast, than the
great Panama Canal. Now conies the
announcement that this city will be
included in the itinerary of the noted
travellers, Mr. and Mrs. Ed H. Kemp,
who are offering what has been pro
nounced the most complete and highly
artistic series of moving pictures
showing the actual construction of
the great canal, and in which work
the United States has made such re
markable success, where other na
tions found such great failure.
The Canal Commission has given

endorsement to the Kemp work, and It
was by special request that they were
shown before the Senate and House of
Representatives. The Kemps have an
offering that is not only intensely
interesting, but highly educational.
Direct from a year's tour of Panama
the Kemps come here, and have re
cently scored a tremendous success in
San Francisco, where they have been
seen no less than fifteen times. The
price of seats is ."On. They are now
on sale at the Stanford Pharmacy,
All seats are reserved.

The appearance here of the Kemp
Travel Tales of Panama and the Canal
Zone, at the Armory, on the night of
Monday, October 2, is sure to excite
unusual interest. There is 110 more
timely a subject to the American pub
lic at large and particularly to the

people of the Pacific Coast, than the
great Panama Canal. Now conies the
announcement that this city will be
included in the itinerary of the noted
travellers, Mr. and Mrs. Ed H. Kemp,
who are offering what has been pro
nounced the most complete and highly
artistic series of moving pictures
showing the actual construction of
the great canal, and in which work
the United States has made such re
markable success, where other na
tions found such great failure.
The Canal Commission has given

endorsement to the Kemp work, and It
was by special request that they were
shown before the Senate and House of
Representatives. The Kemps have an
offering that is not only intensely
interesting, but highly educational.
Direct from a year's tour of Panama
the Kemps come here, and have re
cently scored a tremendous success in
San Francisco, where they have been
seen no less than fifteen times. The
price of seats is ."On. They are now
on sale at the Stanford Pharmacy,
All seats are reserved.

The appearance here of the Kemp
Travel Tales of Panama and the Canal
Zone, at the Armory, on the night of
Monday, October 2, is sure to excite
unusual interest. There is 110 more
timely a subject to the American pub
lic at large and particularly to the

people of the Pacific Coast, than the
great Panama Canal. Now conies the
announcement that this city will be
included in the itinerary of the noted
travellers, Mr. and Mrs. Ed H. Kemp,
who are offering what has been pro
nounced the most complete and highly
artistic series of moving pictures
showing the actual construction of
the great canal, and in which work
the United States has made such re
markable success, where other na
tions found such great failure.
The Canal Commission has given

endorsement to the Kemp work, and It
was by special request that they were
shown before the Senate and House of
Representatives. The Kemps have an
offering that is not only intensely
interesting, but highly educational.
Direct from a year's tour of Panama
the Kemps come here, and have re
cently scored a tremendous success in
San Francisco, where they have been
seen no less than fifteen times. The
price of seats is ."On. They are now
on sale at the Stanford Pharmacy,
All seats are reserved.

The appearance here of the Kemp
Travel Tales of Panama and the Canal
Zone, at the Armory, on the night of
Monday, October 2, is sure to excite
unusual interest. There is 110 more
timely a subject to the American pub
lic at large and particularly to the

people of the Pacific Coast, than the
great Panama Canal. Now conies the
announcement that this city will be
included in the itinerary of the noted
travellers, Mr. and Mrs. Ed H. Kemp,
who are offering what has been pro
nounced the most complete and highly
artistic series of moving pictures
showing the actual construction of
the great canal, and in which work
the United States has made such re
markable success, where other na
tions found such great failure.
The Canal Commission has given

endorsement to the Kemp work, and It
was by special request that they were
shown before the Senate and House of
Representatives. The Kemps have an
offering that is not only intensely
interesting, but highly educational.
Direct from a year's tour of Panama
the Kemps come here, and have re
cently scored a tremendous success in
San Francisco, where they have been
seen no less than fifteen times. The
price of seats is ."On. They are now
on sale at the Stanford Pharmacy,
All seats are reserved.

The appearance here of the Kemp
Travel Tales of Panama and the Canal
Zone, at the Armory, on the night of
Monday, October 2, is sure to excite
unusual interest. There is 110 more
timely a subject to the American pub
lic at large and particularly to the

people of the Pacific Coast, than the
great Panama Canal. Now conies the
announcement that this city will be
included in the itinerary of the noted
travellers, Mr. and Mrs. Ed H. Kemp,
who are offering what has been pro
nounced the most complete and highly
artistic series of moving pictures
showing the actual construction of
the great canal, and in which work
the United States has made such re
markable success, where other na
tions found such great failure.
The Canal Commission has given

endorsement to the Kemp work, and It
was by special request that they were
shown before the Senate and House of
Representatives. The Kemps have an
offering that is not only intensely
interesting, but highly educational.
Direct from a year's tour of Panama
the Kemps come here, and have re
cently scored a tremendous success in
San Francisco, where they have been
seen no less than fifteen times. The
price of seats is ."On. They are now
on sale at the Stanford Pharmacy,
All seats are reserved.

The appearance here of the Kemp
Travel Tales of Panama and the Canal
Zone, at the Armory, on the night of
Monday, October 2, is sure to excite
unusual interest. There is 110 more
timely a subject to the American pub
lic at large and particularly to the

people of the Pacific Coast, than the
great Panama Canal. Now conies the
announcement that this city will be
included in the itinerary of the noted
travellers, Mr. and Mrs. Ed H. Kemp,
who are offering what has been pro
nounced the most complete and highly
artistic series of moving pictures
showing the actual construction of
the great canal, and in which work
the United States has made such re
markable success, where other na
tions found such great failure.
The Canal Commission has given

endorsement to the Kemp work, and It
was by special request that they were
shown before the Senate and House of
Representatives. The Kemps have an
offering that is not only intensely
interesting, but highly educational.
Direct from a year's tour of Panama
the Kemps come here, and have re
cently scored a tremendous success in
San Francisco, where they have been
seen no less than fifteen times. The
price of seats is ."On. They are now
on sale at the Stanford Pharmacy,
All seats are reserved.

The appearance here of the Kemp
Travel Tales of Panama and the Canal
Zone, at the Armory, on the night of
Monday, October 2, is sure to excite
unusual interest. There is 110 more
timely a subject to the American pub
lic at large and particularly to the

people of the Pacific Coast, than the
great Panama Canal. Now conies the
announcement that this city will be
included in the itinerary of the noted
travellers, Mr. and Mrs. Ed H. Kemp,
who are offering what has been pro
nounced the most complete and highly
artistic series of moving pictures
showing the actual construction of
the great canal, and in which work
the United States has made such re
markable success, where other na
tions found such great failure.
The Canal Commission has given

endorsement to the Kemp work, and It
was by special request that they were
shown before the Senate and House of
Representatives. The Kemps have an
offering that is not only intensely
interesting, but highly educational.
Direct from a year's tour of Panama
the Kemps come here, and have re
cently scored a tremendous success in
San Francisco, where they have been
seen no less than fifteen times. The
price of seats is ."On. They are now
on sale at the Stanford Pharmacy,
All seats are reserved.

The appearance here of the Kemp
Travel Tales of Panama and the Canal
Zone, at the Armory, on the night of
Monday, October 2, is sure to excite
unusual interest. There is 110 more
timely a subject to the American pub
lic at large and particularly to the

people of the Pacific Coast, than the
great Panama Canal. Now conies the
announcement that this city will be
included in the itinerary of the noted
travellers, Mr. and Mrs. Ed H. Kemp,
who are offering what has been pro
nounced the most complete and highly
artistic series of moving pictures
showing the actual construction of
the great canal, and in which work
the United States has made such re
markable success, where other na
tions found such great failure.
The Canal Commission has given

endorsement to the Kemp work, and It
was by special request that they were
shown before the Senate and House of
Representatives. The Kemps have an
offering that is not only intensely
interesting, but highly educational.
Direct from a year's tour of Panama
the Kemps come here, and have re
cently scored a tremendous success in
San Francisco, where they have been
seen no less than fifteen times. The
price of seats is ."On. They are now
on sale at the Stanford Pharmacy,
All seats are reserved.

The appearance here of the Kemp
Travel Tales of Panama and the Canal
Zone, at the Armory, on the night of
Monday, October 2, is sure to excite
unusual interest. There is 110 more
timely a subject to the American pub
lic at large and particularly to the

people of the Pacific Coast, than the
great Panama Canal. Now conies the
announcement that this city will be
included in the itinerary of the noted
travellers, Mr. and Mrs. Ed H. Kemp,
who are offering what has been pro
nounced the most complete and highly
artistic series of moving pictures
showing the actual construction of
the great canal, and in which work
the United States has made such re
markable success, where other na
tions found such great failure.
The Canal Commission has given

endorsement to the Kemp work, and It
was by special request that they were
shown before the Senate and House of
Representatives. The Kemps have an
offering that is not only intensely
interesting, but highly educational.
Direct from a year's tour of Panama
the Kemps come here, and have re
cently scored a tremendous success in
San Francisco, where they have been
seen no less than fifteen times. The
price of seats is ."On. They are now
on sale at the Stanford Pharmacy,
All seats are reserved.

The appearance here of the Kemp
Travel Tales of Panama and the Canal
Zone, at the Armory, on the night of
Monday, October 2, is sure to excite
unusual interest. There is 110 more
timely a subject to the American pub
lic at large and particularly to the

people of the Pacific Coast, than the
great Panama Canal. Now conies the
announcement that this city will be
included in the itinerary of the noted
travellers, Mr. and Mrs. Ed H. Kemp,
who are offering what has been pro
nounced the most complete and highly
artistic series of moving pictures
showing the actual construction of
the great canal, and in which work
the United States has made such re
markable success, where other na
tions found such great failure.
The Canal Commission has given

endorsement to the Kemp work, and It
was by special request that they were
shown before the Senate and House of
Representatives. The Kemps have an
offering that is not only intensely
interesting, but highly educational.
Direct from a year's tour of Panama
the Kemps come here, and have re
cently scored a tremendous success in
San Francisco, where they have been
seen no less than fifteen times. The
price of seats is ."On. They are now
on sale at the Stanford Pharmacy,
All seats are reserved.

The appearance here of the Kemp
Travel Tales of Panama and the Canal
Zone, at the Armory, on the night of
Monday, October 2, is sure to excite
unusual interest. There is 110 more
timely a subject to the American pub
lic at large and particularly to the

people of the Pacific Coast, than the
great Panama Canal. Now conies the
announcement that this city will be
included in the itinerary of the noted
travellers, Mr. and Mrs. Ed H. Kemp,
who are offering what has been pro
nounced the most complete and highly
artistic series of moving pictures
showing the actual construction of
the great canal, and in which work
the United States has made such re
markable success, where other na
tions found such great failure.
The Canal Commission has given

endorsement to the Kemp work, and It
was by special request that they were
shown before the Senate and House of
Representatives. The Kemps have an
offering that is not only intensely
interesting, but highly educational.
Direct from a year's tour of Panama
the Kemps come here, and have re
cently scored a tremendous success in
San Francisco, where they have been
seen no less than fifteen times. The
price of seats is ."On. They are now
on sale at the Stanford Pharmacy,
All seats are reserved.

The appearance here of the Kemp
Travel Tales of Panama and the Canal
Zone, at the Armory, on the night of
Monday, October 2, is sure to excite
unusual interest. There is 110 more
timely a subject to the American pub
lic at large and particularly to the

people of the Pacific Coast, than the
great Panama Canal. Now conies the
announcement that this city will be
included in the itinerary of the noted
travellers, Mr. and Mrs. Ed H. Kemp,
who are offering what has been pro
nounced the most complete and highly
artistic series of moving pictures
showing the actual construction of
the great canal, and in which work
the United States has made such re
markable success, where other na
tions found such great failure.
The Canal Commission has given

endorsement to the Kemp work, and It
was by special request that they were
shown before the Senate and House of
Representatives. The Kemps have an
offering that is not only intensely
interesting, but highly educational.
Direct from a year's tour of Panama
the Kemps come here, and have re
cently scored a tremendous success in
San Francisco, where they have been
seen no less than fifteen times. The
price of seats is ."On. They are now
on sale at the Stanford Pharmacy,
All seats are reserved.

