# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The Oregon Aggies team will travel
767G miles to take part in games away
from the campus this fall.

Freshmen at Penn State are not al
lowed to smoke in public, keep their
hands in their pockets, or enter pool
halls.
i
The Oregon Aggies team will travel
767G miles to take part in games away
from the campus this fall.

Freshmen at Penn State are not al
lowed to smoke in public, keep their
hands in their pockets, or enter pool
halls.
i
The Oregon Aggies team will travel
767G miles to take part in games away
from the campus this fall.

Freshmen at Penn State are not al
lowed to smoke in public, keep their
hands in their pockets, or enter pool
halls.
i
The Oregon Aggies team will travel
767G miles to take part in games away
from the campus this fall.

Freshmen at Penn State are not al
lowed to smoke in public, keep their
hands in their pockets, or enter pool
halls.
i
The Oregon Aggies team will travel
767G miles to take part in games away
from the campus this fall.

Freshmen at Penn State are not al
lowed to smoke in public, keep their
hands in their pockets, or enter pool
halls.
i
The Oregon Aggies team will travel
767G miles to take part in games away
from the campus this fall.

Freshmen at Penn State are not al
lowed to smoke in public, keep their
hands in their pockets, or enter pool
halls.
i
The Oregon Aggies team will travel
767G miles to take part in games away
from the campus this fall.

Freshmen at Penn State are not al
lowed to smoke in public, keep their
hands in their pockets, or enter pool
halls.
i
The Oregon Aggies team will travel
767G miles to take part in games away
from the campus this fall.

Freshmen at Penn State are not al
lowed to smoke in public, keep their
hands in their pockets, or enter pool
halls.
i
The Oregon Aggies team will travel
767G miles to take part in games away
from the campus this fall.

Freshmen at Penn State are not al
lowed to smoke in public, keep their
hands in their pockets, or enter pool
halls.
i
The Oregon Aggies team will travel
767G miles to take part in games away
from the campus this fall.

Freshmen at Penn State are not al
lowed to smoke in public, keep their
hands in their pockets, or enter pool
halls.
i
The Oregon Aggies team will travel
767G miles to take part in games away
from the campus this fall.

Freshmen at Penn State are not al
lowed to smoke in public, keep their
hands in their pockets, or enter pool
halls.
i
The Oregon Aggies team will travel
767G miles to take part in games away
from the campus this fall.

Freshmen at Penn State are not al
lowed to smoke in public, keep their
hands in their pockets, or enter pool
halls.
i
The Oregon Aggies team will travel
767G miles to take part in games away
from the campus this fall.

Freshmen at Penn State are not al
lowed to smoke in public, keep their
hands in their pockets, or enter pool
halls.
i
The Oregon Aggies team will travel
767G miles to take part in games away
from the campus this fall.

Freshmen at Penn State are not al
lowed to smoke in public, keep their
hands in their pockets, or enter pool
halls.
i
The Oregon Aggies team will travel
767G miles to take part in games away
from the campus this fall.

Freshmen at Penn State are not al
lowed to smoke in public, keep their
hands in their pockets, or enter pool
halls.
i
