# ENTERING STUDENTS INVITED TO ANNUAL WILBUR RECEPTION
## 
### 
The annual reception of Presi
dent and Mrs. Wilbur to the mem
bers of the incoming freshman
class and to all students enter
ing Stanford for the first time
will be held tomorrow night at 8.
The evening will offer new stu
dents an opportunity to meet the
executive head, the Deans, and
many of the faculty, as well as
members of the various classes.
There will be dancing after the
informal reception.
The occasion will be in the
President's house on Lagunita
Drive.
The annual reception of Presi
dent and Mrs. Wilbur to the mem
bers of the incoming freshman
class and to all students enter
ing Stanford for the first time
will be held tomorrow night at 8.
The evening will offer new stu
dents an opportunity to meet the
executive head, the Deans, and
many of the faculty, as well as
members of the various classes.
There will be dancing after the
informal reception.
The occasion will be in the
President's house on Lagunita
Drive.
The annual reception of Presi
dent and Mrs. Wilbur to the mem
bers of the incoming freshman
class and to all students enter
ing Stanford for the first time
will be held tomorrow night at 8.
The evening will offer new stu
dents an opportunity to meet the
executive head, the Deans, and
many of the faculty, as well as
members of the various classes.
There will be dancing after the
informal reception.
The occasion will be in the
President's house on Lagunita
Drive.
The annual reception of Presi
dent and Mrs. Wilbur to the mem
bers of the incoming freshman
class and to all students enter
ing Stanford for the first time
will be held tomorrow night at 8.
The evening will offer new stu
dents an opportunity to meet the
executive head, the Deans, and
many of the faculty, as well as
members of the various classes.
There will be dancing after the
informal reception.
The occasion will be in the
President's house on Lagunita
Drive.
The annual reception of Presi
dent and Mrs. Wilbur to the mem
bers of the incoming freshman
class and to all students enter
ing Stanford for the first time
will be held tomorrow night at 8.
The evening will offer new stu
dents an opportunity to meet the
executive head, the Deans, and
many of the faculty, as well as
members of the various classes.
There will be dancing after the
informal reception.
The occasion will be in the
President's house on Lagunita
Drive.
The annual reception of Presi
dent and Mrs. Wilbur to the mem
bers of the incoming freshman
class and to all students enter
ing Stanford for the first time
will be held tomorrow night at 8.
The evening will offer new stu
dents an opportunity to meet the
executive head, the Deans, and
many of the faculty, as well as
members of the various classes.
There will be dancing after the
informal reception.
The occasion will be in the
President's house on Lagunita
Drive.
The annual reception of Presi
dent and Mrs. Wilbur to the mem
bers of the incoming freshman
class and to all students enter
ing Stanford for the first time
will be held tomorrow night at 8.
The evening will offer new stu
dents an opportunity to meet the
executive head, the Deans, and
many of the faculty, as well as
members of the various classes.
There will be dancing after the
informal reception.
The occasion will be in the
President's house on Lagunita
Drive.
The annual reception of Presi
dent and Mrs. Wilbur to the mem
bers of the incoming freshman
class and to all students enter
ing Stanford for the first time
will be held tomorrow night at 8.
The evening will offer new stu
dents an opportunity to meet the
executive head, the Deans, and
many of the faculty, as well as
members of the various classes.
There will be dancing after the
informal reception.
The occasion will be in the
President's house on Lagunita
Drive.
The annual reception of Presi
dent and Mrs. Wilbur to the mem
bers of the incoming freshman
class and to all students enter
ing Stanford for the first time
will be held tomorrow night at 8.
The evening will offer new stu
dents an opportunity to meet the
executive head, the Deans, and
many of the faculty, as well as
members of the various classes.
There will be dancing after the
informal reception.
The occasion will be in the
President's house on Lagunita
Drive.
The annual reception of Presi
dent and Mrs. Wilbur to the mem
bers of the incoming freshman
class and to all students enter
ing Stanford for the first time
will be held tomorrow night at 8.
The evening will offer new stu
dents an opportunity to meet the
executive head, the Deans, and
many of the faculty, as well as
members of the various classes.
There will be dancing after the
informal reception.
The occasion will be in the
President's house on Lagunita
Drive.
The annual reception of Presi
dent and Mrs. Wilbur to the mem
bers of the incoming freshman
class and to all students enter
ing Stanford for the first time
will be held tomorrow night at 8.
The evening will offer new stu
dents an opportunity to meet the
executive head, the Deans, and
many of the faculty, as well as
members of the various classes.
There will be dancing after the
informal reception.
The occasion will be in the
President's house on Lagunita
Drive.
The annual reception of Presi
dent and Mrs. Wilbur to the mem
bers of the incoming freshman
class and to all students enter
ing Stanford for the first time
will be held tomorrow night at 8.
The evening will offer new stu
dents an opportunity to meet the
executive head, the Deans, and
many of the faculty, as well as
members of the various classes.
There will be dancing after the
informal reception.
The occasion will be in the
President's house on Lagunita
Drive.
The annual reception of Presi
dent and Mrs. Wilbur to the mem
bers of the incoming freshman
class and to all students enter
ing Stanford for the first time
will be held tomorrow night at 8.
The evening will offer new stu
dents an opportunity to meet the
executive head, the Deans, and
many of the faculty, as well as
members of the various classes.
There will be dancing after the
informal reception.
The occasion will be in the
President's house on Lagunita
Drive.
The annual reception of Presi
dent and Mrs. Wilbur to the mem
bers of the incoming freshman
class and to all students enter
ing Stanford for the first time
will be held tomorrow night at 8.
The evening will offer new stu
dents an opportunity to meet the
executive head, the Deans, and
many of the faculty, as well as
members of the various classes.
There will be dancing after the
informal reception.
The occasion will be in the
President's house on Lagunita
Drive.
The annual reception of Presi
dent and Mrs. Wilbur to the mem
bers of the incoming freshman
class and to all students enter
ing Stanford for the first time
will be held tomorrow night at 8.
The evening will offer new stu
dents an opportunity to meet the
executive head, the Deans, and
many of the faculty, as well as
members of the various classes.
There will be dancing after the
informal reception.
The occasion will be in the
President's house on Lagunita
Drive.
