# Untitled Article
## 
### 
A sensational newspaper in Miami
warned the district that the Florida
hurricane was on the way, but con
servative citizens scoffed.

All freshmen at the University ot
Colorado are required to wear their
freshman caps from the opening of
school to the beginning of the spring
quarter. The caps, which are a bright
green with a gold button on top, must
be worn at all times on the campus
and failure to do so results in a swim
in the pond.
A sensational newspaper in Miami
warned the district that the Florida
hurricane was on the way, but con
servative citizens scoffed.

All freshmen at the University ot
Colorado are required to wear their
freshman caps from the opening of
school to the beginning of the spring
quarter. The caps, which are a bright
green with a gold button on top, must
be worn at all times on the campus
and failure to do so results in a swim
in the pond.
A sensational newspaper in Miami
warned the district that the Florida
hurricane was on the way, but con
servative citizens scoffed.

All freshmen at the University ot
Colorado are required to wear their
freshman caps from the opening of
school to the beginning of the spring
quarter. The caps, which are a bright
green with a gold button on top, must
be worn at all times on the campus
and failure to do so results in a swim
in the pond.
A sensational newspaper in Miami
warned the district that the Florida
hurricane was on the way, but con
servative citizens scoffed.

All freshmen at the University ot
Colorado are required to wear their
freshman caps from the opening of
school to the beginning of the spring
quarter. The caps, which are a bright
green with a gold button on top, must
be worn at all times on the campus
and failure to do so results in a swim
in the pond.
A sensational newspaper in Miami
warned the district that the Florida
hurricane was on the way, but con
servative citizens scoffed.

All freshmen at the University ot
Colorado are required to wear their
freshman caps from the opening of
school to the beginning of the spring
quarter. The caps, which are a bright
green with a gold button on top, must
be worn at all times on the campus
and failure to do so results in a swim
in the pond.
A sensational newspaper in Miami
warned the district that the Florida
hurricane was on the way, but con
servative citizens scoffed.

All freshmen at the University ot
Colorado are required to wear their
freshman caps from the opening of
school to the beginning of the spring
quarter. The caps, which are a bright
green with a gold button on top, must
be worn at all times on the campus
and failure to do so results in a swim
in the pond.
A sensational newspaper in Miami
warned the district that the Florida
hurricane was on the way, but con
servative citizens scoffed.

All freshmen at the University ot
Colorado are required to wear their
freshman caps from the opening of
school to the beginning of the spring
quarter. The caps, which are a bright
green with a gold button on top, must
be worn at all times on the campus
and failure to do so results in a swim
in the pond.
A sensational newspaper in Miami
warned the district that the Florida
hurricane was on the way, but con
servative citizens scoffed.

All freshmen at the University ot
Colorado are required to wear their
freshman caps from the opening of
school to the beginning of the spring
quarter. The caps, which are a bright
green with a gold button on top, must
be worn at all times on the campus
and failure to do so results in a swim
in the pond.
A sensational newspaper in Miami
warned the district that the Florida
hurricane was on the way, but con
servative citizens scoffed.

All freshmen at the University ot
Colorado are required to wear their
freshman caps from the opening of
school to the beginning of the spring
quarter. The caps, which are a bright
green with a gold button on top, must
be worn at all times on the campus
and failure to do so results in a swim
in the pond.
A sensational newspaper in Miami
warned the district that the Florida
hurricane was on the way, but con
servative citizens scoffed.

All freshmen at the University ot
Colorado are required to wear their
freshman caps from the opening of
school to the beginning of the spring
quarter. The caps, which are a bright
green with a gold button on top, must
be worn at all times on the campus
and failure to do so results in a swim
in the pond.
A sensational newspaper in Miami
warned the district that the Florida
hurricane was on the way, but con
servative citizens scoffed.

All freshmen at the University ot
Colorado are required to wear their
freshman caps from the opening of
school to the beginning of the spring
quarter. The caps, which are a bright
green with a gold button on top, must
be worn at all times on the campus
and failure to do so results in a swim
in the pond.
A sensational newspaper in Miami
warned the district that the Florida
hurricane was on the way, but con
servative citizens scoffed.

All freshmen at the University ot
Colorado are required to wear their
freshman caps from the opening of
school to the beginning of the spring
quarter. The caps, which are a bright
green with a gold button on top, must
be worn at all times on the campus
and failure to do so results in a swim
in the pond.
A sensational newspaper in Miami
warned the district that the Florida
hurricane was on the way, but con
servative citizens scoffed.

All freshmen at the University ot
Colorado are required to wear their
freshman caps from the opening of
school to the beginning of the spring
quarter. The caps, which are a bright
green with a gold button on top, must
be worn at all times on the campus
and failure to do so results in a swim
in the pond.
A sensational newspaper in Miami
warned the district that the Florida
hurricane was on the way, but con
servative citizens scoffed.

All freshmen at the University ot
Colorado are required to wear their
freshman caps from the opening of
school to the beginning of the spring
quarter. The caps, which are a bright
green with a gold button on top, must
be worn at all times on the campus
and failure to do so results in a swim
in the pond.
A sensational newspaper in Miami
warned the district that the Florida
hurricane was on the way, but con
servative citizens scoffed.

All freshmen at the University ot
Colorado are required to wear their
freshman caps from the opening of
school to the beginning of the spring
quarter. The caps, which are a bright
green with a gold button on top, must
be worn at all times on the campus
and failure to do so results in a swim
in the pond.
