# Untitled Article
## 
### 
When the annual Quad election
conies around this year the Class of
1910 might do itself and the Univer
sity a service by providing that the
manager of their book shall be paid
a salary and a percentage on the prof
its of the book. The old system of
allowing the manager free rein and a
half of the profits not only holds
out the possibility of such trouble as
was suffered by the Class of 1907,
but it puts too much of a premium
upon the financial side of the under
taking and acts as a serious drag 011
the editor. A mere salary basis is
inadvisable in that it discourages
hard work on the part of the manager.
The salary and percentage idea, first
advanced by the committee which in
vestigated the accounts of the origin
al 1907 book, appears an excellent
compromise and would bring the Ju
nior annual under the direct control
of the class, where it belongs.
