# Stanford Rugby Club Adopts New By-Laws
## American and Rugby Football to Work Together at Stanford 
### 
"Resolved that the purpose of the
Stanford Rugby Club shall be to per
petuate the game of (New Zealand) rug
by football as a sport in.this country,
and to further general interest in the
game," was the most important resolu
tion adopted by the Stanford Rugby Club
at its open meeting yesterday.
Among the other motions unanimously
adopted and incorporated into the con
stitution and by-laws of the club were
the following: "Be it further resolved,
That this club adopt no policy, enact no
law, or follow no procedure, which will
in any way aim at the hindrance of the
development of the American Intercol
legiate football, or any other game, as
either a major or minor sport at Stan
ford University, or any other university
or institution.
"On the contrary, be it resolved, That
each and every member of this organi
zation shall lend his genuine support to
the game of American football at Stan
ford University in every way possible.
Further, an appeal is hereby made to all
those of the student body who are not
members of this club, but who are lovers
of rugby football, to co-operate in the
Stanford Rugby Club's effort to not only
preserve Rugby football, but also to as-
