# ENGINEERS REPORT BLEACHERS ARE SAFE
## 
### 
That the football bleachers will safely
seat 16,812 persons was the decision of a
group of engineers called into investi
gate the condition of the seats yesterday.
There has been some discussion since the
last big game as to the safety of the
bleachers, which was settled by the de
cision of the experts. The report also
states that there is ample standing room
for 2,000 people.
That the football bleachers will safely
seat 16,812 persons was the decision of a
group of engineers called into investi
gate the condition of the seats yesterday.
There has been some discussion since the
last big game as to the safety of the
bleachers, which was settled by the de
cision of the experts. The report also
states that there is ample standing room
for 2,000 people.
That the football bleachers will safely
seat 16,812 persons was the decision of a
group of engineers called into investi
gate the condition of the seats yesterday.
There has been some discussion since the
last big game as to the safety of the
bleachers, which was settled by the de
cision of the experts. The report also
states that there is ample standing room
for 2,000 people.
That the football bleachers will safely
seat 16,812 persons was the decision of a
group of engineers called into investi
gate the condition of the seats yesterday.
There has been some discussion since the
last big game as to the safety of the
bleachers, which was settled by the de
cision of the experts. The report also
states that there is ample standing room
for 2,000 people.
That the football bleachers will safely
seat 16,812 persons was the decision of a
group of engineers called into investi
gate the condition of the seats yesterday.
There has been some discussion since the
last big game as to the safety of the
bleachers, which was settled by the de
cision of the experts. The report also
states that there is ample standing room
for 2,000 people.
That the football bleachers will safely
seat 16,812 persons was the decision of a
group of engineers called into investi
gate the condition of the seats yesterday.
There has been some discussion since the
last big game as to the safety of the
bleachers, which was settled by the de
cision of the experts. The report also
states that there is ample standing room
for 2,000 people.
That the football bleachers will safely
seat 16,812 persons was the decision of a
group of engineers called into investi
gate the condition of the seats yesterday.
There has been some discussion since the
last big game as to the safety of the
bleachers, which was settled by the de
cision of the experts. The report also
states that there is ample standing room
for 2,000 people.
That the football bleachers will safely
seat 16,812 persons was the decision of a
group of engineers called into investi
gate the condition of the seats yesterday.
There has been some discussion since the
last big game as to the safety of the
bleachers, which was settled by the de
cision of the experts. The report also
states that there is ample standing room
for 2,000 people.
That the football bleachers will safely
seat 16,812 persons was the decision of a
group of engineers called into investi
gate the condition of the seats yesterday.
There has been some discussion since the
last big game as to the safety of the
bleachers, which was settled by the de
cision of the experts. The report also
states that there is ample standing room
for 2,000 people.
That the football bleachers will safely
seat 16,812 persons was the decision of a
group of engineers called into investi
gate the condition of the seats yesterday.
There has been some discussion since the
last big game as to the safety of the
bleachers, which was settled by the de
cision of the experts. The report also
states that there is ample standing room
for 2,000 people.
That the football bleachers will safely
seat 16,812 persons was the decision of a
group of engineers called into investi
gate the condition of the seats yesterday.
There has been some discussion since the
last big game as to the safety of the
bleachers, which was settled by the de
cision of the experts. The report also
states that there is ample standing room
for 2,000 people.
That the football bleachers will safely
seat 16,812 persons was the decision of a
group of engineers called into investi
gate the condition of the seats yesterday.
There has been some discussion since the
last big game as to the safety of the
bleachers, which was settled by the de
cision of the experts. The report also
states that there is ample standing room
for 2,000 people.
That the football bleachers will safely
seat 16,812 persons was the decision of a
group of engineers called into investi
gate the condition of the seats yesterday.
There has been some discussion since the
last big game as to the safety of the
bleachers, which was settled by the de
cision of the experts. The report also
states that there is ample standing room
for 2,000 people.
That the football bleachers will safely
seat 16,812 persons was the decision of a
group of engineers called into investi
gate the condition of the seats yesterday.
There has been some discussion since the
last big game as to the safety of the
bleachers, which was settled by the de
cision of the experts. The report also
states that there is ample standing room
for 2,000 people.
That the football bleachers will safely
seat 16,812 persons was the decision of a
group of engineers called into investi
gate the condition of the seats yesterday.
There has been some discussion since the
last big game as to the safety of the
bleachers, which was settled by the de
cision of the experts. The report also
states that there is ample standing room
for 2,000 people.
That the football bleachers will safely
seat 16,812 persons was the decision of a
group of engineers called into investi
gate the condition of the seats yesterday.
There has been some discussion since the
last big game as to the safety of the
bleachers, which was settled by the de
cision of the experts. The report also
states that there is ample standing room
for 2,000 people.
