# STANFORD PROFESSOR ON JAPANESE MISSION
## 
### 
Professor Yamato Ichihashi, of the
history department, has been appointed
technical advisor of the Japanese Mis
sion to the First International Labor
Conference which meets in Washing
ton next month.
Mrs. Tanaka. formerly Miss Taka
Takanashi, '17, also a member of the
Mission has been appointed expert in
matters relating to women in industry.
The Japanese members of the com
mission arp en route in a specially
chartered steamer. Professor Ichi
hashi will meet, them at Seattle.
Professor Yamato Ichihashi, of the
history department, has been appointed
technical advisor of the Japanese Mis
sion to the First International Labor
Conference which meets in Washing
ton next month.
Mrs. Tanaka. formerly Miss Taka
Takanashi, '17, also a member of the
Mission has been appointed expert in
matters relating to women in industry.
The Japanese members of the com
mission arp en route in a specially
chartered steamer. Professor Ichi
hashi will meet, them at Seattle.
Professor Yamato Ichihashi, of the
history department, has been appointed
technical advisor of the Japanese Mis
sion to the First International Labor
Conference which meets in Washing
ton next month.
Mrs. Tanaka. formerly Miss Taka
Takanashi, '17, also a member of the
Mission has been appointed expert in
matters relating to women in industry.
The Japanese members of the com
mission arp en route in a specially
chartered steamer. Professor Ichi
hashi will meet, them at Seattle.
Professor Yamato Ichihashi, of the
history department, has been appointed
technical advisor of the Japanese Mis
sion to the First International Labor
Conference which meets in Washing
ton next month.
Mrs. Tanaka. formerly Miss Taka
Takanashi, '17, also a member of the
Mission has been appointed expert in
matters relating to women in industry.
The Japanese members of the com
mission arp en route in a specially
chartered steamer. Professor Ichi
hashi will meet, them at Seattle.
Professor Yamato Ichihashi, of the
history department, has been appointed
technical advisor of the Japanese Mis
sion to the First International Labor
Conference which meets in Washing
ton next month.
Mrs. Tanaka. formerly Miss Taka
Takanashi, '17, also a member of the
Mission has been appointed expert in
matters relating to women in industry.
The Japanese members of the com
mission arp en route in a specially
chartered steamer. Professor Ichi
hashi will meet, them at Seattle.
Professor Yamato Ichihashi, of the
history department, has been appointed
technical advisor of the Japanese Mis
sion to the First International Labor
Conference which meets in Washing
ton next month.
Mrs. Tanaka. formerly Miss Taka
Takanashi, '17, also a member of the
Mission has been appointed expert in
matters relating to women in industry.
The Japanese members of the com
mission arp en route in a specially
chartered steamer. Professor Ichi
hashi will meet, them at Seattle.
Professor Yamato Ichihashi, of the
history department, has been appointed
technical advisor of the Japanese Mis
sion to the First International Labor
Conference which meets in Washing
ton next month.
Mrs. Tanaka. formerly Miss Taka
Takanashi, '17, also a member of the
Mission has been appointed expert in
matters relating to women in industry.
The Japanese members of the com
mission arp en route in a specially
chartered steamer. Professor Ichi
hashi will meet, them at Seattle.
Professor Yamato Ichihashi, of the
history department, has been appointed
technical advisor of the Japanese Mis
sion to the First International Labor
Conference which meets in Washing
ton next month.
Mrs. Tanaka. formerly Miss Taka
Takanashi, '17, also a member of the
Mission has been appointed expert in
matters relating to women in industry.
The Japanese members of the com
mission arp en route in a specially
chartered steamer. Professor Ichi
hashi will meet, them at Seattle.
Professor Yamato Ichihashi, of the
history department, has been appointed
technical advisor of the Japanese Mis
sion to the First International Labor
Conference which meets in Washing
ton next month.
Mrs. Tanaka. formerly Miss Taka
Takanashi, '17, also a member of the
Mission has been appointed expert in
matters relating to women in industry.
The Japanese members of the com
mission arp en route in a specially
chartered steamer. Professor Ichi
hashi will meet, them at Seattle.
Professor Yamato Ichihashi, of the
history department, has been appointed
technical advisor of the Japanese Mis
sion to the First International Labor
Conference which meets in Washing
ton next month.
Mrs. Tanaka. formerly Miss Taka
Takanashi, '17, also a member of the
Mission has been appointed expert in
matters relating to women in industry.
The Japanese members of the com
mission arp en route in a specially
chartered steamer. Professor Ichi
hashi will meet, them at Seattle.
Professor Yamato Ichihashi, of the
history department, has been appointed
technical advisor of the Japanese Mis
sion to the First International Labor
Conference which meets in Washing
ton next month.
Mrs. Tanaka. formerly Miss Taka
Takanashi, '17, also a member of the
Mission has been appointed expert in
matters relating to women in industry.
The Japanese members of the com
mission arp en route in a specially
chartered steamer. Professor Ichi
hashi will meet, them at Seattle.
Professor Yamato Ichihashi, of the
history department, has been appointed
technical advisor of the Japanese Mis
sion to the First International Labor
Conference which meets in Washing
ton next month.
Mrs. Tanaka. formerly Miss Taka
Takanashi, '17, also a member of the
Mission has been appointed expert in
matters relating to women in industry.
The Japanese members of the com
mission arp en route in a specially
chartered steamer. Professor Ichi
hashi will meet, them at Seattle.
Professor Yamato Ichihashi, of the
history department, has been appointed
technical advisor of the Japanese Mis
sion to the First International Labor
Conference which meets in Washing
ton next month.
Mrs. Tanaka. formerly Miss Taka
Takanashi, '17, also a member of the
Mission has been appointed expert in
matters relating to women in industry.
The Japanese members of the com
mission arp en route in a specially
chartered steamer. Professor Ichi
hashi will meet, them at Seattle.
Professor Yamato Ichihashi, of the
history department, has been appointed
technical advisor of the Japanese Mis
sion to the First International Labor
Conference which meets in Washing
ton next month.
Mrs. Tanaka. formerly Miss Taka
Takanashi, '17, also a member of the
Mission has been appointed expert in
matters relating to women in industry.
The Japanese members of the com
mission arp en route in a specially
chartered steamer. Professor Ichi
hashi will meet, them at Seattle.
Professor Yamato Ichihashi, of the
history department, has been appointed
technical advisor of the Japanese Mis
sion to the First International Labor
Conference which meets in Washing
ton next month.
Mrs. Tanaka. formerly Miss Taka
Takanashi, '17, also a member of the
Mission has been appointed expert in
matters relating to women in industry.
The Japanese members of the com
mission arp en route in a specially
chartered steamer. Professor Ichi
hashi will meet, them at Seattle.
Professor Yamato Ichihashi, of the
history department, has been appointed
technical advisor of the Japanese Mis
sion to the First International Labor
Conference which meets in Washing
ton next month.
Mrs. Tanaka. formerly Miss Taka
Takanashi, '17, also a member of the
Mission has been appointed expert in
matters relating to women in industry.
The Japanese members of the com
mission arp en route in a specially
chartered steamer. Professor Ichi
hashi will meet, them at Seattle.
