# Gymnasium Classes to Play Rugby.
## 
### 
The soccer championship of the
University was conceded to the Mon
day, Wednesday and Friday 11:15 gym
nasium class when it defeated the 5
o'clock section meeting on the same
days, in a hard-fought contest by a
score of 8-2. Medals are now being
struck off for the players of the
winning team.
Owing to the fact that so much in
terest has been taken in soccer this
semester. Instructors Long and Ma
loney have decided to continue the
sport next spring, it is also their in
tention to organize rugby teams of
those members of the class desiring
the more strenuous game. These sec
tions will be considered part of the
regular gymnasium work for which

one hour of credit is given, and for
this reason it is expected that a large
number of men interested in this line
of athletics will turn out.
The soccer championship of the
University was conceded to the Mon
day, Wednesday and Friday 11:15 gym
nasium class when it defeated the 5
o'clock section meeting on the same
days, in a hard-fought contest by a
score of 8-2. Medals are now being
struck off for the players of the
winning team.
Owing to the fact that so much in
terest has been taken in soccer this
semester. Instructors Long and Ma
loney have decided to continue the
sport next spring, it is also their in
tention to organize rugby teams of
those members of the class desiring
the more strenuous game. These sec
tions will be considered part of the
regular gymnasium work for which

one hour of credit is given, and for
this reason it is expected that a large
number of men interested in this line
of athletics will turn out.
The soccer championship of the
University was conceded to the Mon
day, Wednesday and Friday 11:15 gym
nasium class when it defeated the 5
o'clock section meeting on the same
days, in a hard-fought contest by a
score of 8-2. Medals are now being
struck off for the players of the
winning team.
Owing to the fact that so much in
terest has been taken in soccer this
semester. Instructors Long and Ma
loney have decided to continue the
sport next spring, it is also their in
tention to organize rugby teams of
those members of the class desiring
the more strenuous game. These sec
tions will be considered part of the
regular gymnasium work for which

one hour of credit is given, and for
this reason it is expected that a large
number of men interested in this line
of athletics will turn out.
The soccer championship of the
University was conceded to the Mon
day, Wednesday and Friday 11:15 gym
nasium class when it defeated the 5
o'clock section meeting on the same
days, in a hard-fought contest by a
score of 8-2. Medals are now being
struck off for the players of the
winning team.
Owing to the fact that so much in
terest has been taken in soccer this
semester. Instructors Long and Ma
loney have decided to continue the
sport next spring, it is also their in
tention to organize rugby teams of
those members of the class desiring
the more strenuous game. These sec
tions will be considered part of the
regular gymnasium work for which

one hour of credit is given, and for
this reason it is expected that a large
number of men interested in this line
of athletics will turn out.
The soccer championship of the
University was conceded to the Mon
day, Wednesday and Friday 11:15 gym
nasium class when it defeated the 5
o'clock section meeting on the same
days, in a hard-fought contest by a
score of 8-2. Medals are now being
struck off for the players of the
winning team.
Owing to the fact that so much in
terest has been taken in soccer this
semester. Instructors Long and Ma
loney have decided to continue the
sport next spring, it is also their in
tention to organize rugby teams of
those members of the class desiring
the more strenuous game. These sec
tions will be considered part of the
regular gymnasium work for which

one hour of credit is given, and for
this reason it is expected that a large
number of men interested in this line
of athletics will turn out.
The soccer championship of the
University was conceded to the Mon
day, Wednesday and Friday 11:15 gym
nasium class when it defeated the 5
o'clock section meeting on the same
days, in a hard-fought contest by a
score of 8-2. Medals are now being
struck off for the players of the
winning team.
Owing to the fact that so much in
terest has been taken in soccer this
semester. Instructors Long and Ma
loney have decided to continue the
sport next spring, it is also their in
tention to organize rugby teams of
those members of the class desiring
the more strenuous game. These sec
tions will be considered part of the
regular gymnasium work for which

one hour of credit is given, and for
this reason it is expected that a large
number of men interested in this line
of athletics will turn out.
The soccer championship of the
University was conceded to the Mon
day, Wednesday and Friday 11:15 gym
nasium class when it defeated the 5
o'clock section meeting on the same
days, in a hard-fought contest by a
score of 8-2. Medals are now being
struck off for the players of the
winning team.
Owing to the fact that so much in
terest has been taken in soccer this
semester. Instructors Long and Ma
loney have decided to continue the
sport next spring, it is also their in
tention to organize rugby teams of
those members of the class desiring
the more strenuous game. These sec
tions will be considered part of the
regular gymnasium work for which

one hour of credit is given, and for
this reason it is expected that a large
number of men interested in this line
of athletics will turn out.
The soccer championship of the
University was conceded to the Mon
day, Wednesday and Friday 11:15 gym
nasium class when it defeated the 5
o'clock section meeting on the same
days, in a hard-fought contest by a
score of 8-2. Medals are now being
struck off for the players of the
winning team.
Owing to the fact that so much in
terest has been taken in soccer this
semester. Instructors Long and Ma
loney have decided to continue the
sport next spring, it is also their in
tention to organize rugby teams of
those members of the class desiring
the more strenuous game. These sec
tions will be considered part of the
regular gymnasium work for which

one hour of credit is given, and for
this reason it is expected that a large
number of men interested in this line
of athletics will turn out.
The soccer championship of the
University was conceded to the Mon
day, Wednesday and Friday 11:15 gym
nasium class when it defeated the 5
o'clock section meeting on the same
days, in a hard-fought contest by a
score of 8-2. Medals are now being
struck off for the players of the
winning team.
Owing to the fact that so much in
terest has been taken in soccer this
semester. Instructors Long and Ma
loney have decided to continue the
sport next spring, it is also their in
tention to organize rugby teams of
those members of the class desiring
the more strenuous game. These sec
tions will be considered part of the
regular gymnasium work for which

one hour of credit is given, and for
this reason it is expected that a large
number of men interested in this line
of athletics will turn out.
The soccer championship of the
University was conceded to the Mon
day, Wednesday and Friday 11:15 gym
nasium class when it defeated the 5
o'clock section meeting on the same
days, in a hard-fought contest by a
score of 8-2. Medals are now being
struck off for the players of the
winning team.
Owing to the fact that so much in
terest has been taken in soccer this
semester. Instructors Long and Ma
loney have decided to continue the
sport next spring, it is also their in
tention to organize rugby teams of
those members of the class desiring
the more strenuous game. These sec
tions will be considered part of the
regular gymnasium work for which

one hour of credit is given, and for
this reason it is expected that a large
number of men interested in this line
of athletics will turn out.
The soccer championship of the
University was conceded to the Mon
day, Wednesday and Friday 11:15 gym
nasium class when it defeated the 5
o'clock section meeting on the same
days, in a hard-fought contest by a
score of 8-2. Medals are now being
struck off for the players of the
winning team.
Owing to the fact that so much in
terest has been taken in soccer this
semester. Instructors Long and Ma
loney have decided to continue the
sport next spring, it is also their in
tention to organize rugby teams of
those members of the class desiring
the more strenuous game. These sec
tions will be considered part of the
regular gymnasium work for which

one hour of credit is given, and for
this reason it is expected that a large
number of men interested in this line
of athletics will turn out.
