# GROUPS TO MEET
## 
### 
Sigma Delta Chi. men's national
professional journalism fraternity,
and Theta Sigma Psi, women's jour
nalism fraternity, will hold a joint
"business meeting Thursday evening.
Sigma Delta Chi. men's national
professional journalism fraternity,
and Theta Sigma Psi, women's jour
nalism fraternity, will hold a joint
"business meeting Thursday evening.
Sigma Delta Chi. men's national
professional journalism fraternity,
and Theta Sigma Psi, women's jour
nalism fraternity, will hold a joint
"business meeting Thursday evening.
Sigma Delta Chi. men's national
professional journalism fraternity,
and Theta Sigma Psi, women's jour
nalism fraternity, will hold a joint
"business meeting Thursday evening.
Sigma Delta Chi. men's national
professional journalism fraternity,
and Theta Sigma Psi, women's jour
nalism fraternity, will hold a joint
"business meeting Thursday evening.
Sigma Delta Chi. men's national
professional journalism fraternity,
and Theta Sigma Psi, women's jour
nalism fraternity, will hold a joint
"business meeting Thursday evening.
Sigma Delta Chi. men's national
professional journalism fraternity,
and Theta Sigma Psi, women's jour
nalism fraternity, will hold a joint
"business meeting Thursday evening.
Sigma Delta Chi. men's national
professional journalism fraternity,
and Theta Sigma Psi, women's jour
nalism fraternity, will hold a joint
"business meeting Thursday evening.
Sigma Delta Chi. men's national
professional journalism fraternity,
and Theta Sigma Psi, women's jour
nalism fraternity, will hold a joint
"business meeting Thursday evening.
Sigma Delta Chi. men's national
professional journalism fraternity,
and Theta Sigma Psi, women's jour
nalism fraternity, will hold a joint
"business meeting Thursday evening.
Sigma Delta Chi. men's national
professional journalism fraternity,
and Theta Sigma Psi, women's jour
nalism fraternity, will hold a joint
"business meeting Thursday evening.
Sigma Delta Chi. men's national
professional journalism fraternity,
and Theta Sigma Psi, women's jour
nalism fraternity, will hold a joint
"business meeting Thursday evening.
Sigma Delta Chi. men's national
professional journalism fraternity,
and Theta Sigma Psi, women's jour
nalism fraternity, will hold a joint
"business meeting Thursday evening.
Sigma Delta Chi. men's national
professional journalism fraternity,
and Theta Sigma Psi, women's jour
nalism fraternity, will hold a joint
"business meeting Thursday evening.
Sigma Delta Chi. men's national
professional journalism fraternity,
and Theta Sigma Psi, women's jour
nalism fraternity, will hold a joint
"business meeting Thursday evening.
Sigma Delta Chi. men's national
professional journalism fraternity,
and Theta Sigma Psi, women's jour
nalism fraternity, will hold a joint
"business meeting Thursday evening.
Sigma Delta Chi. men's national
professional journalism fraternity,
and Theta Sigma Psi, women's jour
nalism fraternity, will hold a joint
"business meeting Thursday evening.
