# WAR FRONT
## Nazi 'Invasion Jitters' Cause Arrest of 6,000 
### 
LONDON, Jan. 25 (U.R)—'The Ger
mans have arrested 6,000 persons in
the Marseilles harbor area and or
dered evacuation of 40,000 others to
combat sabotage and unrest coincid
ing with the growing threat of an
Allied invasion from Africa, Euro
pean reports said today.
Invasion jitters also were reported
to have afflicted uneasy occupation
authorities in northern Norway,
where the evacuation of numerous
coastal towns in Finnmark province
flanking the Allied supply route to
Russia, is being speeded while large
troop reinforcements pour into the
area.
The German radio, quoting a Paris
dispatch, said the evacuation of the
Marseilles harbor area was ordered
because "enemies of the state, in
cluding many Jews, have been active
in the district."
LONDON, Jan. 25 (U.R)—'The Ger
mans have arrested 6,000 persons in
the Marseilles harbor area and or
dered evacuation of 40,000 others to
combat sabotage and unrest coincid
ing with the growing threat of an
Allied invasion from Africa, Euro
pean reports said today.
Invasion jitters also were reported
to have afflicted uneasy occupation
authorities in northern Norway,
where the evacuation of numerous
coastal towns in Finnmark province
flanking the Allied supply route to
Russia, is being speeded while large
troop reinforcements pour into the
area.
The German radio, quoting a Paris
dispatch, said the evacuation of the
Marseilles harbor area was ordered
because "enemies of the state, in
cluding many Jews, have been active
in the district."
LONDON, Jan. 25 (U.R)—'The Ger
mans have arrested 6,000 persons in
the Marseilles harbor area and or
dered evacuation of 40,000 others to
combat sabotage and unrest coincid
ing with the growing threat of an
Allied invasion from Africa, Euro
pean reports said today.
Invasion jitters also were reported
to have afflicted uneasy occupation
authorities in northern Norway,
where the evacuation of numerous
coastal towns in Finnmark province
flanking the Allied supply route to
Russia, is being speeded while large
troop reinforcements pour into the
area.
The German radio, quoting a Paris
dispatch, said the evacuation of the
Marseilles harbor area was ordered
because "enemies of the state, in
cluding many Jews, have been active
in the district."
LONDON, Jan. 25 (U.R)—'The Ger
mans have arrested 6,000 persons in
the Marseilles harbor area and or
dered evacuation of 40,000 others to
combat sabotage and unrest coincid
ing with the growing threat of an
Allied invasion from Africa, Euro
pean reports said today.
Invasion jitters also were reported
to have afflicted uneasy occupation
authorities in northern Norway,
where the evacuation of numerous
coastal towns in Finnmark province
flanking the Allied supply route to
Russia, is being speeded while large
troop reinforcements pour into the
area.
The German radio, quoting a Paris
dispatch, said the evacuation of the
Marseilles harbor area was ordered
because "enemies of the state, in
cluding many Jews, have been active
in the district."
LONDON, Jan. 25 (U.R)—'The Ger
mans have arrested 6,000 persons in
the Marseilles harbor area and or
dered evacuation of 40,000 others to
combat sabotage and unrest coincid
ing with the growing threat of an
Allied invasion from Africa, Euro
pean reports said today.
Invasion jitters also were reported
to have afflicted uneasy occupation
authorities in northern Norway,
where the evacuation of numerous
coastal towns in Finnmark province
flanking the Allied supply route to
Russia, is being speeded while large
troop reinforcements pour into the
area.
The German radio, quoting a Paris
dispatch, said the evacuation of the
Marseilles harbor area was ordered
because "enemies of the state, in
cluding many Jews, have been active
in the district."
LONDON, Jan. 25 (U.R)—'The Ger
mans have arrested 6,000 persons in
the Marseilles harbor area and or
dered evacuation of 40,000 others to
combat sabotage and unrest coincid
ing with the growing threat of an
Allied invasion from Africa, Euro
pean reports said today.
Invasion jitters also were reported
to have afflicted uneasy occupation
authorities in northern Norway,
where the evacuation of numerous
coastal towns in Finnmark province
flanking the Allied supply route to
Russia, is being speeded while large
troop reinforcements pour into the
area.
The German radio, quoting a Paris
dispatch, said the evacuation of the
Marseilles harbor area was ordered
because "enemies of the state, in
cluding many Jews, have been active
in the district."
LONDON, Jan. 25 (U.R)—'The Ger
mans have arrested 6,000 persons in
the Marseilles harbor area and or
dered evacuation of 40,000 others to
combat sabotage and unrest coincid
ing with the growing threat of an
Allied invasion from Africa, Euro
pean reports said today.
Invasion jitters also were reported
to have afflicted uneasy occupation
authorities in northern Norway,
where the evacuation of numerous
coastal towns in Finnmark province
flanking the Allied supply route to
Russia, is being speeded while large
troop reinforcements pour into the
area.
The German radio, quoting a Paris
dispatch, said the evacuation of the
Marseilles harbor area was ordered
because "enemies of the state, in
cluding many Jews, have been active
in the district."
LONDON, Jan. 25 (U.R)—'The Ger
mans have arrested 6,000 persons in
the Marseilles harbor area and or
dered evacuation of 40,000 others to
combat sabotage and unrest coincid
ing with the growing threat of an
Allied invasion from Africa, Euro
pean reports said today.
Invasion jitters also were reported
to have afflicted uneasy occupation
authorities in northern Norway,
where the evacuation of numerous
coastal towns in Finnmark province
flanking the Allied supply route to
Russia, is being speeded while large
troop reinforcements pour into the
area.
The German radio, quoting a Paris
dispatch, said the evacuation of the
Marseilles harbor area was ordered
because "enemies of the state, in
cluding many Jews, have been active
in the district."
LONDON, Jan. 25 (U.R)—'The Ger
mans have arrested 6,000 persons in
the Marseilles harbor area and or
dered evacuation of 40,000 others to
combat sabotage and unrest coincid
ing with the growing threat of an
Allied invasion from Africa, Euro
pean reports said today.
Invasion jitters also were reported
to have afflicted uneasy occupation
authorities in northern Norway,
where the evacuation of numerous
coastal towns in Finnmark province
flanking the Allied supply route to
Russia, is being speeded while large
troop reinforcements pour into the
area.
The German radio, quoting a Paris
dispatch, said the evacuation of the
Marseilles harbor area was ordered
because "enemies of the state, in
cluding many Jews, have been active
in the district."
LONDON, Jan. 25 (U.R)—'The Ger
mans have arrested 6,000 persons in
the Marseilles harbor area and or
dered evacuation of 40,000 others to
combat sabotage and unrest coincid
ing with the growing threat of an
Allied invasion from Africa, Euro
pean reports said today.
Invasion jitters also were reported
to have afflicted uneasy occupation
authorities in northern Norway,
where the evacuation of numerous
coastal towns in Finnmark province
flanking the Allied supply route to
Russia, is being speeded while large
troop reinforcements pour into the
area.
The German radio, quoting a Paris
dispatch, said the evacuation of the
Marseilles harbor area was ordered
because "enemies of the state, in
cluding many Jews, have been active
in the district."
LONDON, Jan. 25 (U.R)—'The Ger
mans have arrested 6,000 persons in
the Marseilles harbor area and or
dered evacuation of 40,000 others to
combat sabotage and unrest coincid
ing with the growing threat of an
Allied invasion from Africa, Euro
pean reports said today.
Invasion jitters also were reported
to have afflicted uneasy occupation
authorities in northern Norway,
where the evacuation of numerous
coastal towns in Finnmark province
flanking the Allied supply route to
Russia, is being speeded while large
troop reinforcements pour into the
area.
The German radio, quoting a Paris
dispatch, said the evacuation of the
Marseilles harbor area was ordered
because "enemies of the state, in
cluding many Jews, have been active
in the district."
LONDON, Jan. 25 (U.R)—'The Ger
mans have arrested 6,000 persons in
the Marseilles harbor area and or
dered evacuation of 40,000 others to
combat sabotage and unrest coincid
ing with the growing threat of an
Allied invasion from Africa, Euro
pean reports said today.
Invasion jitters also were reported
to have afflicted uneasy occupation
authorities in northern Norway,
where the evacuation of numerous
coastal towns in Finnmark province
flanking the Allied supply route to
Russia, is being speeded while large
troop reinforcements pour into the
area.
The German radio, quoting a Paris
dispatch, said the evacuation of the
Marseilles harbor area was ordered
because "enemies of the state, in
cluding many Jews, have been active
in the district."
LONDON, Jan. 25 (U.R)—'The Ger
mans have arrested 6,000 persons in
the Marseilles harbor area and or
dered evacuation of 40,000 others to
combat sabotage and unrest coincid
ing with the growing threat of an
Allied invasion from Africa, Euro
pean reports said today.
Invasion jitters also were reported
to have afflicted uneasy occupation
authorities in northern Norway,
where the evacuation of numerous
coastal towns in Finnmark province
flanking the Allied supply route to
Russia, is being speeded while large
troop reinforcements pour into the
area.
The German radio, quoting a Paris
dispatch, said the evacuation of the
Marseilles harbor area was ordered
because "enemies of the state, in
cluding many Jews, have been active
in the district."
LONDON, Jan. 25 (U.R)—'The Ger
mans have arrested 6,000 persons in
the Marseilles harbor area and or
dered evacuation of 40,000 others to
combat sabotage and unrest coincid
ing with the growing threat of an
Allied invasion from Africa, Euro
pean reports said today.
Invasion jitters also were reported
to have afflicted uneasy occupation
authorities in northern Norway,
where the evacuation of numerous
coastal towns in Finnmark province
flanking the Allied supply route to
Russia, is being speeded while large
troop reinforcements pour into the
area.
The German radio, quoting a Paris
dispatch, said the evacuation of the
Marseilles harbor area was ordered
because "enemies of the state, in
cluding many Jews, have been active
in the district."
LONDON, Jan. 25 (U.R)—'The Ger
mans have arrested 6,000 persons in
the Marseilles harbor area and or
dered evacuation of 40,000 others to
combat sabotage and unrest coincid
ing with the growing threat of an
Allied invasion from Africa, Euro
pean reports said today.
Invasion jitters also were reported
to have afflicted uneasy occupation
authorities in northern Norway,
where the evacuation of numerous
coastal towns in Finnmark province
flanking the Allied supply route to
Russia, is being speeded while large
troop reinforcements pour into the
area.
The German radio, quoting a Paris
dispatch, said the evacuation of the
Marseilles harbor area was ordered
because "enemies of the state, in
cluding many Jews, have been active
in the district."
LONDON, Jan. 25 (U.R)—'The Ger
mans have arrested 6,000 persons in
the Marseilles harbor area and or
dered evacuation of 40,000 others to
combat sabotage and unrest coincid
ing with the growing threat of an
Allied invasion from Africa, Euro
pean reports said today.
Invasion jitters also were reported
to have afflicted uneasy occupation
authorities in northern Norway,
where the evacuation of numerous
coastal towns in Finnmark province
flanking the Allied supply route to
Russia, is being speeded while large
troop reinforcements pour into the
area.
The German radio, quoting a Paris
dispatch, said the evacuation of the
Marseilles harbor area was ordered
because "enemies of the state, in
cluding many Jews, have been active
in the district."
LONDON, Jan. 25 (U.R)—'The Ger
mans have arrested 6,000 persons in
the Marseilles harbor area and or
dered evacuation of 40,000 others to
combat sabotage and unrest coincid
ing with the growing threat of an
Allied invasion from Africa, Euro
pean reports said today.
Invasion jitters also were reported
to have afflicted uneasy occupation
authorities in northern Norway,
where the evacuation of numerous
coastal towns in Finnmark province
flanking the Allied supply route to
Russia, is being speeded while large
troop reinforcements pour into the
area.
The German radio, quoting a Paris
dispatch, said the evacuation of the
Marseilles harbor area was ordered
because "enemies of the state, in
cluding many Jews, have been active
in the district."
