# Adv. 14 Page 4
## 
### 
CASTILLEJA.
Hoarding and Day School for Girls.
Lower School for Boys and Girls.
Certificate admits to Stanford Uni
versity.
Principal, Mary I. Lockey, Stan
ford, '02.
CASTILLEJA.
Hoarding and Day School for Girls.
Lower School for Boys and Girls.
Certificate admits to Stanford Uni
versity.
Principal, Mary I. Lockey, Stan
ford, '02.
CASTILLEJA.
Hoarding and Day School for Girls.
Lower School for Boys and Girls.
Certificate admits to Stanford Uni
versity.
Principal, Mary I. Lockey, Stan
ford, '02.
CASTILLEJA.
Hoarding and Day School for Girls.
Lower School for Boys and Girls.
Certificate admits to Stanford Uni
versity.
Principal, Mary I. Lockey, Stan
ford, '02.
CASTILLEJA.
Hoarding and Day School for Girls.
Lower School for Boys and Girls.
Certificate admits to Stanford Uni
versity.
Principal, Mary I. Lockey, Stan
ford, '02.
CASTILLEJA.
Hoarding and Day School for Girls.
Lower School for Boys and Girls.
Certificate admits to Stanford Uni
versity.
Principal, Mary I. Lockey, Stan
ford, '02.
CASTILLEJA.
Hoarding and Day School for Girls.
Lower School for Boys and Girls.
Certificate admits to Stanford Uni
versity.
Principal, Mary I. Lockey, Stan
ford, '02.
CASTILLEJA.
Hoarding and Day School for Girls.
Lower School for Boys and Girls.
Certificate admits to Stanford Uni
versity.
Principal, Mary I. Lockey, Stan
ford, '02.
CASTILLEJA.
Hoarding and Day School for Girls.
Lower School for Boys and Girls.
Certificate admits to Stanford Uni
versity.
Principal, Mary I. Lockey, Stan
ford, '02.
CASTILLEJA.
Hoarding and Day School for Girls.
Lower School for Boys and Girls.
Certificate admits to Stanford Uni
versity.
Principal, Mary I. Lockey, Stan
ford, '02.
