# CAST IS ANNOUNCED.
## "Egyptian Princess" Promises To Be Most Artistic Performance. Tickets on Sale. 
### 
Tomorow tickets for the "Egyp
tian Princess" go on sale at the
Bookstore and at the Stanford Phar
macy in Palo Alto.
Practice for the opera is being
carried on daily under the direction
of Dr. I!. C. Blodgett, and Miss Vi
olet Arthur of the Princess Theatre
of San Francisco is drilling the chor
us.
An unusual feature of the perfor
mance will be an Egyptian military
chorus. A dancer of great ability
has been secured to render the
Egyptian dance which opens the sec
ond act. The cast is as follows:
Queen of Egypt, Miss T. Burnham.
'10; Princess, Miss E. Ingalls, '08;
Alva. Miss R. Roberts. *09; Pliila,
Miss F. Mitzner: Nissa. Miss H.
Starr, '09; Tabula. Miss M. Howell,
'10; Grania, Miss A. Hanna, '10;
Herab. Miss M. Hayden. The chorus
will consist of priestesses, attend
ants. and subjects. The herald is
Miss Gunnel.
Tomorow tickets for the "Egyp
tian Princess" go on sale at the
Bookstore and at the Stanford Phar
macy in Palo Alto.
Practice for the opera is being
carried on daily under the direction
of Dr. I!. C. Blodgett, and Miss Vi
olet Arthur of the Princess Theatre
of San Francisco is drilling the chor
us.
An unusual feature of the perfor
mance will be an Egyptian military
chorus. A dancer of great ability
has been secured to render the
Egyptian dance which opens the sec
ond act. The cast is as follows:
Queen of Egypt, Miss T. Burnham.
'10; Princess, Miss E. Ingalls, '08;
Alva. Miss R. Roberts. *09; Pliila,
Miss F. Mitzner: Nissa. Miss H.
Starr, '09; Tabula. Miss M. Howell,
'10; Grania, Miss A. Hanna, '10;
Herab. Miss M. Hayden. The chorus
will consist of priestesses, attend
ants. and subjects. The herald is
Miss Gunnel.
Tomorow tickets for the "Egyp
tian Princess" go on sale at the
Bookstore and at the Stanford Phar
macy in Palo Alto.
Practice for the opera is being
carried on daily under the direction
of Dr. I!. C. Blodgett, and Miss Vi
olet Arthur of the Princess Theatre
of San Francisco is drilling the chor
us.
An unusual feature of the perfor
mance will be an Egyptian military
chorus. A dancer of great ability
has been secured to render the
Egyptian dance which opens the sec
ond act. The cast is as follows:
Queen of Egypt, Miss T. Burnham.
'10; Princess, Miss E. Ingalls, '08;
Alva. Miss R. Roberts. *09; Pliila,
Miss F. Mitzner: Nissa. Miss H.
Starr, '09; Tabula. Miss M. Howell,
'10; Grania, Miss A. Hanna, '10;
Herab. Miss M. Hayden. The chorus
will consist of priestesses, attend
ants. and subjects. The herald is
Miss Gunnel.
Tomorow tickets for the "Egyp
tian Princess" go on sale at the
Bookstore and at the Stanford Phar
macy in Palo Alto.
Practice for the opera is being
carried on daily under the direction
of Dr. I!. C. Blodgett, and Miss Vi
olet Arthur of the Princess Theatre
of San Francisco is drilling the chor
us.
An unusual feature of the perfor
mance will be an Egyptian military
chorus. A dancer of great ability
has been secured to render the
Egyptian dance which opens the sec
ond act. The cast is as follows:
Queen of Egypt, Miss T. Burnham.
'10; Princess, Miss E. Ingalls, '08;
Alva. Miss R. Roberts. *09; Pliila,
Miss F. Mitzner: Nissa. Miss H.
Starr, '09; Tabula. Miss M. Howell,
'10; Grania, Miss A. Hanna, '10;
Herab. Miss M. Hayden. The chorus
will consist of priestesses, attend
ants. and subjects. The herald is
Miss Gunnel.
Tomorow tickets for the "Egyp
tian Princess" go on sale at the
Bookstore and at the Stanford Phar
macy in Palo Alto.
Practice for the opera is being
carried on daily under the direction
of Dr. I!. C. Blodgett, and Miss Vi
olet Arthur of the Princess Theatre
of San Francisco is drilling the chor
us.
An unusual feature of the perfor
mance will be an Egyptian military
chorus. A dancer of great ability
has been secured to render the
Egyptian dance which opens the sec
ond act. The cast is as follows:
Queen of Egypt, Miss T. Burnham.
'10; Princess, Miss E. Ingalls, '08;
Alva. Miss R. Roberts. *09; Pliila,
Miss F. Mitzner: Nissa. Miss H.
Starr, '09; Tabula. Miss M. Howell,
'10; Grania, Miss A. Hanna, '10;
Herab. Miss M. Hayden. The chorus
will consist of priestesses, attend
ants. and subjects. The herald is
Miss Gunnel.
Tomorow tickets for the "Egyp
tian Princess" go on sale at the
Bookstore and at the Stanford Phar
macy in Palo Alto.
Practice for the opera is being
carried on daily under the direction
of Dr. I!. C. Blodgett, and Miss Vi
olet Arthur of the Princess Theatre
of San Francisco is drilling the chor
us.
An unusual feature of the perfor
mance will be an Egyptian military
chorus. A dancer of great ability
has been secured to render the
Egyptian dance which opens the sec
ond act. The cast is as follows:
Queen of Egypt, Miss T. Burnham.
'10; Princess, Miss E. Ingalls, '08;
Alva. Miss R. Roberts. *09; Pliila,
Miss F. Mitzner: Nissa. Miss H.
Starr, '09; Tabula. Miss M. Howell,
'10; Grania, Miss A. Hanna, '10;
Herab. Miss M. Hayden. The chorus
will consist of priestesses, attend
ants. and subjects. The herald is
Miss Gunnel.
Tomorow tickets for the "Egyp
tian Princess" go on sale at the
Bookstore and at the Stanford Phar
macy in Palo Alto.
Practice for the opera is being
carried on daily under the direction
of Dr. I!. C. Blodgett, and Miss Vi
olet Arthur of the Princess Theatre
of San Francisco is drilling the chor
us.
An unusual feature of the perfor
mance will be an Egyptian military
chorus. A dancer of great ability
has been secured to render the
Egyptian dance which opens the sec
ond act. The cast is as follows:
Queen of Egypt, Miss T. Burnham.
'10; Princess, Miss E. Ingalls, '08;
Alva. Miss R. Roberts. *09; Pliila,
Miss F. Mitzner: Nissa. Miss H.
Starr, '09; Tabula. Miss M. Howell,
'10; Grania, Miss A. Hanna, '10;
Herab. Miss M. Hayden. The chorus
will consist of priestesses, attend
ants. and subjects. The herald is
Miss Gunnel.
Tomorow tickets for the "Egyp
tian Princess" go on sale at the
Bookstore and at the Stanford Phar
macy in Palo Alto.
Practice for the opera is being
carried on daily under the direction
of Dr. I!. C. Blodgett, and Miss Vi
olet Arthur of the Princess Theatre
of San Francisco is drilling the chor
us.
An unusual feature of the perfor
mance will be an Egyptian military
chorus. A dancer of great ability
has been secured to render the
Egyptian dance which opens the sec
ond act. The cast is as follows:
Queen of Egypt, Miss T. Burnham.
'10; Princess, Miss E. Ingalls, '08;
Alva. Miss R. Roberts. *09; Pliila,
Miss F. Mitzner: Nissa. Miss H.
Starr, '09; Tabula. Miss M. Howell,
'10; Grania, Miss A. Hanna, '10;
Herab. Miss M. Hayden. The chorus
will consist of priestesses, attend
ants. and subjects. The herald is
Miss Gunnel.
Tomorow tickets for the "Egyp
tian Princess" go on sale at the
Bookstore and at the Stanford Phar
macy in Palo Alto.
Practice for the opera is being
carried on daily under the direction
of Dr. I!. C. Blodgett, and Miss Vi
olet Arthur of the Princess Theatre
of San Francisco is drilling the chor
us.
An unusual feature of the perfor
mance will be an Egyptian military
chorus. A dancer of great ability
has been secured to render the
Egyptian dance which opens the sec
ond act. The cast is as follows:
Queen of Egypt, Miss T. Burnham.
'10; Princess, Miss E. Ingalls, '08;
Alva. Miss R. Roberts. *09; Pliila,
Miss F. Mitzner: Nissa. Miss H.
Starr, '09; Tabula. Miss M. Howell,
'10; Grania, Miss A. Hanna, '10;
Herab. Miss M. Hayden. The chorus
will consist of priestesses, attend
ants. and subjects. The herald is
Miss Gunnel.
Tomorow tickets for the "Egyp
tian Princess" go on sale at the
Bookstore and at the Stanford Phar
macy in Palo Alto.
Practice for the opera is being
carried on daily under the direction
of Dr. I!. C. Blodgett, and Miss Vi
olet Arthur of the Princess Theatre
of San Francisco is drilling the chor
us.
An unusual feature of the perfor
mance will be an Egyptian military
chorus. A dancer of great ability
has been secured to render the
Egyptian dance which opens the sec
ond act. The cast is as follows:
Queen of Egypt, Miss T. Burnham.
'10; Princess, Miss E. Ingalls, '08;
Alva. Miss R. Roberts. *09; Pliila,
Miss F. Mitzner: Nissa. Miss H.
Starr, '09; Tabula. Miss M. Howell,
'10; Grania, Miss A. Hanna, '10;
Herab. Miss M. Hayden. The chorus
will consist of priestesses, attend
ants. and subjects. The herald is
Miss Gunnel.
