# Preview
## FRIDAY 
### 
News

Looking for political options besides the
Democratic and Republican parties? Want a
greater empahsis on environmental issues?
Find out more about Stanford's Green Party in
tommorrow's Daily.
News

Looking for political options besides the
Democratic and Republican parties? Want a
greater empahsis on environmental issues?
Find out more about Stanford's Green Party in
tommorrow's Daily.
News

Looking for political options besides the
Democratic and Republican parties? Want a
greater empahsis on environmental issues?
Find out more about Stanford's Green Party in
tommorrow's Daily.
News

Looking for political options besides the
Democratic and Republican parties? Want a
greater empahsis on environmental issues?
Find out more about Stanford's Green Party in
tommorrow's Daily.
News

Looking for political options besides the
Democratic and Republican parties? Want a
greater empahsis on environmental issues?
Find out more about Stanford's Green Party in
tommorrow's Daily.
News

Looking for political options besides the
Democratic and Republican parties? Want a
greater empahsis on environmental issues?
Find out more about Stanford's Green Party in
tommorrow's Daily.
