# Bridge Group To Play Bears
## 
### 
The Stanford Bridge Club has
completed the qualifying rounds in
preparation for the first Stanford-
California bridge tournament to be
held Saturday evening at 7:30 in the
Village clubhouse.
In attempting to capture the trav
eling trophy, the "Hatchet," in its
first appearance, the club has named
the following players to compete
against the Cal contingent: Clark
Palmer, Fred Gutt, Richard Rob
ertson, Howard Shomate, John Lyon,
John Walker, Martin Priester, Herb
ert Hawk, Henry Pezzoni, Ward
Mathews, Frank Child, Gerson Kap
lan, and Edgar Keller.
The bridge club's newly-elected
officers, President, Howard Sho
mate; Vice President, John S. White;
and Secretary-Treasurer, Jeanne
Burke, have scheduled meetings for
every Tuesday night at 7:15 in the
Women's Clubhouse. Recognized
nationally by the American Contract
Bridge League, the organization is
authorized to award national rating
points at the weekly meetings.
The next major event is the Na
tional Intercollegiate Bridge Tourna
ment held during the winter quarter.
Eight Stanford representatives will
compete in the affair that will pro
duce thirty-two finalists. The April
finals climax the tournament, which
provides for a non-expense trip to
Chicago.
The Stanford Bridge Club has
completed the qualifying rounds in
preparation for the first Stanford-
California bridge tournament to be
held Saturday evening at 7:30 in the
Village clubhouse.
In attempting to capture the trav
eling trophy, the "Hatchet," in its
first appearance, the club has named
the following players to compete
against the Cal contingent: Clark
Palmer, Fred Gutt, Richard Rob
ertson, Howard Shomate, John Lyon,
John Walker, Martin Priester, Herb
ert Hawk, Henry Pezzoni, Ward
Mathews, Frank Child, Gerson Kap
lan, and Edgar Keller.
The bridge club's newly-elected
officers, President, Howard Sho
mate; Vice President, John S. White;
and Secretary-Treasurer, Jeanne
Burke, have scheduled meetings for
every Tuesday night at 7:15 in the
Women's Clubhouse. Recognized
nationally by the American Contract
Bridge League, the organization is
authorized to award national rating
points at the weekly meetings.
The next major event is the Na
tional Intercollegiate Bridge Tourna
ment held during the winter quarter.
Eight Stanford representatives will
compete in the affair that will pro
duce thirty-two finalists. The April
finals climax the tournament, which
provides for a non-expense trip to
Chicago.
The Stanford Bridge Club has
completed the qualifying rounds in
preparation for the first Stanford-
California bridge tournament to be
held Saturday evening at 7:30 in the
Village clubhouse.
In attempting to capture the trav
eling trophy, the "Hatchet," in its
first appearance, the club has named
the following players to compete
against the Cal contingent: Clark
Palmer, Fred Gutt, Richard Rob
ertson, Howard Shomate, John Lyon,
John Walker, Martin Priester, Herb
ert Hawk, Henry Pezzoni, Ward
Mathews, Frank Child, Gerson Kap
lan, and Edgar Keller.
The bridge club's newly-elected
officers, President, Howard Sho
mate; Vice President, John S. White;
and Secretary-Treasurer, Jeanne
Burke, have scheduled meetings for
every Tuesday night at 7:15 in the
Women's Clubhouse. Recognized
nationally by the American Contract
Bridge League, the organization is
authorized to award national rating
points at the weekly meetings.
The next major event is the Na
tional Intercollegiate Bridge Tourna
ment held during the winter quarter.
Eight Stanford representatives will
compete in the affair that will pro
duce thirty-two finalists. The April
finals climax the tournament, which
provides for a non-expense trip to
Chicago.
The Stanford Bridge Club has
completed the qualifying rounds in
preparation for the first Stanford-
California bridge tournament to be
held Saturday evening at 7:30 in the
Village clubhouse.
In attempting to capture the trav
eling trophy, the "Hatchet," in its
first appearance, the club has named
the following players to compete
against the Cal contingent: Clark
Palmer, Fred Gutt, Richard Rob
ertson, Howard Shomate, John Lyon,
John Walker, Martin Priester, Herb
ert Hawk, Henry Pezzoni, Ward
Mathews, Frank Child, Gerson Kap
lan, and Edgar Keller.
The bridge club's newly-elected
officers, President, Howard Sho
mate; Vice President, John S. White;
and Secretary-Treasurer, Jeanne
Burke, have scheduled meetings for
every Tuesday night at 7:15 in the
Women's Clubhouse. Recognized
nationally by the American Contract
Bridge League, the organization is
authorized to award national rating
points at the weekly meetings.
The next major event is the Na
tional Intercollegiate Bridge Tourna
ment held during the winter quarter.
Eight Stanford representatives will
compete in the affair that will pro
duce thirty-two finalists. The April
finals climax the tournament, which
provides for a non-expense trip to
Chicago.
The Stanford Bridge Club has
completed the qualifying rounds in
preparation for the first Stanford-
California bridge tournament to be
held Saturday evening at 7:30 in the
Village clubhouse.
In attempting to capture the trav
eling trophy, the "Hatchet," in its
first appearance, the club has named
the following players to compete
against the Cal contingent: Clark
Palmer, Fred Gutt, Richard Rob
ertson, Howard Shomate, John Lyon,
John Walker, Martin Priester, Herb
ert Hawk, Henry Pezzoni, Ward
Mathews, Frank Child, Gerson Kap
lan, and Edgar Keller.
The bridge club's newly-elected
officers, President, Howard Sho
mate; Vice President, John S. White;
and Secretary-Treasurer, Jeanne
Burke, have scheduled meetings for
every Tuesday night at 7:15 in the
Women's Clubhouse. Recognized
nationally by the American Contract
Bridge League, the organization is
authorized to award national rating
points at the weekly meetings.
The next major event is the Na
tional Intercollegiate Bridge Tourna
ment held during the winter quarter.
Eight Stanford representatives will
compete in the affair that will pro
duce thirty-two finalists. The April
finals climax the tournament, which
provides for a non-expense trip to
Chicago.
The Stanford Bridge Club has
completed the qualifying rounds in
preparation for the first Stanford-
California bridge tournament to be
held Saturday evening at 7:30 in the
Village clubhouse.
In attempting to capture the trav
eling trophy, the "Hatchet," in its
first appearance, the club has named
the following players to compete
against the Cal contingent: Clark
Palmer, Fred Gutt, Richard Rob
ertson, Howard Shomate, John Lyon,
John Walker, Martin Priester, Herb
ert Hawk, Henry Pezzoni, Ward
Mathews, Frank Child, Gerson Kap
lan, and Edgar Keller.
The bridge club's newly-elected
officers, President, Howard Sho
mate; Vice President, John S. White;
and Secretary-Treasurer, Jeanne
Burke, have scheduled meetings for
every Tuesday night at 7:15 in the
Women's Clubhouse. Recognized
nationally by the American Contract
Bridge League, the organization is
authorized to award national rating
points at the weekly meetings.
The next major event is the Na
tional Intercollegiate Bridge Tourna
ment held during the winter quarter.
Eight Stanford representatives will
compete in the affair that will pro
duce thirty-two finalists. The April
finals climax the tournament, which
provides for a non-expense trip to
Chicago.
The Stanford Bridge Club has
completed the qualifying rounds in
preparation for the first Stanford-
California bridge tournament to be
held Saturday evening at 7:30 in the
Village clubhouse.
In attempting to capture the trav
eling trophy, the "Hatchet," in its
first appearance, the club has named
the following players to compete
against the Cal contingent: Clark
Palmer, Fred Gutt, Richard Rob
ertson, Howard Shomate, John Lyon,
John Walker, Martin Priester, Herb
ert Hawk, Henry Pezzoni, Ward
Mathews, Frank Child, Gerson Kap
lan, and Edgar Keller.
The bridge club's newly-elected
officers, President, Howard Sho
mate; Vice President, John S. White;
and Secretary-Treasurer, Jeanne
Burke, have scheduled meetings for
every Tuesday night at 7:15 in the
Women's Clubhouse. Recognized
nationally by the American Contract
Bridge League, the organization is
authorized to award national rating
points at the weekly meetings.
The next major event is the Na
tional Intercollegiate Bridge Tourna
ment held during the winter quarter.
Eight Stanford representatives will
compete in the affair that will pro
duce thirty-two finalists. The April
finals climax the tournament, which
provides for a non-expense trip to
Chicago.
The Stanford Bridge Club has
completed the qualifying rounds in
preparation for the first Stanford-
California bridge tournament to be
held Saturday evening at 7:30 in the
Village clubhouse.
In attempting to capture the trav
eling trophy, the "Hatchet," in its
first appearance, the club has named
the following players to compete
against the Cal contingent: Clark
Palmer, Fred Gutt, Richard Rob
ertson, Howard Shomate, John Lyon,
John Walker, Martin Priester, Herb
ert Hawk, Henry Pezzoni, Ward
Mathews, Frank Child, Gerson Kap
lan, and Edgar Keller.
The bridge club's newly-elected
officers, President, Howard Sho
mate; Vice President, John S. White;
and Secretary-Treasurer, Jeanne
Burke, have scheduled meetings for
every Tuesday night at 7:15 in the
Women's Clubhouse. Recognized
nationally by the American Contract
Bridge League, the organization is
authorized to award national rating
points at the weekly meetings.
The next major event is the Na
tional Intercollegiate Bridge Tourna
ment held during the winter quarter.
Eight Stanford representatives will
compete in the affair that will pro
duce thirty-two finalists. The April
finals climax the tournament, which
provides for a non-expense trip to
Chicago.
The Stanford Bridge Club has
completed the qualifying rounds in
preparation for the first Stanford-
California bridge tournament to be
held Saturday evening at 7:30 in the
Village clubhouse.
In attempting to capture the trav
eling trophy, the "Hatchet," in its
first appearance, the club has named
the following players to compete
against the Cal contingent: Clark
Palmer, Fred Gutt, Richard Rob
ertson, Howard Shomate, John Lyon,
John Walker, Martin Priester, Herb
ert Hawk, Henry Pezzoni, Ward
Mathews, Frank Child, Gerson Kap
lan, and Edgar Keller.
The bridge club's newly-elected
officers, President, Howard Sho
mate; Vice President, John S. White;
and Secretary-Treasurer, Jeanne
Burke, have scheduled meetings for
every Tuesday night at 7:15 in the
Women's Clubhouse. Recognized
nationally by the American Contract
Bridge League, the organization is
authorized to award national rating
points at the weekly meetings.
The next major event is the Na
tional Intercollegiate Bridge Tourna
ment held during the winter quarter.
Eight Stanford representatives will
compete in the affair that will pro
duce thirty-two finalists. The April
finals climax the tournament, which
provides for a non-expense trip to
Chicago.
The Stanford Bridge Club has
completed the qualifying rounds in
preparation for the first Stanford-
California bridge tournament to be
held Saturday evening at 7:30 in the
Village clubhouse.
In attempting to capture the trav
eling trophy, the "Hatchet," in its
first appearance, the club has named
the following players to compete
against the Cal contingent: Clark
Palmer, Fred Gutt, Richard Rob
ertson, Howard Shomate, John Lyon,
John Walker, Martin Priester, Herb
ert Hawk, Henry Pezzoni, Ward
Mathews, Frank Child, Gerson Kap
lan, and Edgar Keller.
The bridge club's newly-elected
officers, President, Howard Sho
mate; Vice President, John S. White;
and Secretary-Treasurer, Jeanne
Burke, have scheduled meetings for
every Tuesday night at 7:15 in the
Women's Clubhouse. Recognized
nationally by the American Contract
Bridge League, the organization is
authorized to award national rating
points at the weekly meetings.
The next major event is the Na
tional Intercollegiate Bridge Tourna
ment held during the winter quarter.
Eight Stanford representatives will
compete in the affair that will pro
duce thirty-two finalists. The April
finals climax the tournament, which
provides for a non-expense trip to
Chicago.
The Stanford Bridge Club has
completed the qualifying rounds in
preparation for the first Stanford-
California bridge tournament to be
held Saturday evening at 7:30 in the
Village clubhouse.
In attempting to capture the trav
eling trophy, the "Hatchet," in its
first appearance, the club has named
the following players to compete
against the Cal contingent: Clark
Palmer, Fred Gutt, Richard Rob
ertson, Howard Shomate, John Lyon,
John Walker, Martin Priester, Herb
ert Hawk, Henry Pezzoni, Ward
Mathews, Frank Child, Gerson Kap
lan, and Edgar Keller.
The bridge club's newly-elected
officers, President, Howard Sho
mate; Vice President, John S. White;
and Secretary-Treasurer, Jeanne
Burke, have scheduled meetings for
every Tuesday night at 7:15 in the
Women's Clubhouse. Recognized
nationally by the American Contract
Bridge League, the organization is
authorized to award national rating
points at the weekly meetings.
The next major event is the Na
tional Intercollegiate Bridge Tourna
ment held during the winter quarter.
Eight Stanford representatives will
compete in the affair that will pro
duce thirty-two finalists. The April
finals climax the tournament, which
provides for a non-expense trip to
Chicago.
The Stanford Bridge Club has
completed the qualifying rounds in
preparation for the first Stanford-
California bridge tournament to be
held Saturday evening at 7:30 in the
Village clubhouse.
In attempting to capture the trav
eling trophy, the "Hatchet," in its
first appearance, the club has named
the following players to compete
against the Cal contingent: Clark
Palmer, Fred Gutt, Richard Rob
ertson, Howard Shomate, John Lyon,
John Walker, Martin Priester, Herb
ert Hawk, Henry Pezzoni, Ward
Mathews, Frank Child, Gerson Kap
lan, and Edgar Keller.
The bridge club's newly-elected
officers, President, Howard Sho
mate; Vice President, John S. White;
and Secretary-Treasurer, Jeanne
Burke, have scheduled meetings for
every Tuesday night at 7:15 in the
Women's Clubhouse. Recognized
nationally by the American Contract
Bridge League, the organization is
authorized to award national rating
points at the weekly meetings.
The next major event is the Na
tional Intercollegiate Bridge Tourna
ment held during the winter quarter.
Eight Stanford representatives will
compete in the affair that will pro
duce thirty-two finalists. The April
finals climax the tournament, which
provides for a non-expense trip to
Chicago.
The Stanford Bridge Club has
completed the qualifying rounds in
preparation for the first Stanford-
California bridge tournament to be
held Saturday evening at 7:30 in the
Village clubhouse.
In attempting to capture the trav
eling trophy, the "Hatchet," in its
first appearance, the club has named
the following players to compete
against the Cal contingent: Clark
Palmer, Fred Gutt, Richard Rob
ertson, Howard Shomate, John Lyon,
John Walker, Martin Priester, Herb
ert Hawk, Henry Pezzoni, Ward
Mathews, Frank Child, Gerson Kap
lan, and Edgar Keller.
The bridge club's newly-elected
officers, President, Howard Sho
mate; Vice President, John S. White;
and Secretary-Treasurer, Jeanne
Burke, have scheduled meetings for
every Tuesday night at 7:15 in the
Women's Clubhouse. Recognized
nationally by the American Contract
Bridge League, the organization is
authorized to award national rating
points at the weekly meetings.
The next major event is the Na
tional Intercollegiate Bridge Tourna
ment held during the winter quarter.
Eight Stanford representatives will
compete in the affair that will pro
duce thirty-two finalists. The April
finals climax the tournament, which
provides for a non-expense trip to
Chicago.
The Stanford Bridge Club has
completed the qualifying rounds in
preparation for the first Stanford-
California bridge tournament to be
held Saturday evening at 7:30 in the
Village clubhouse.
In attempting to capture the trav
eling trophy, the "Hatchet," in its
first appearance, the club has named
the following players to compete
against the Cal contingent: Clark
Palmer, Fred Gutt, Richard Rob
ertson, Howard Shomate, John Lyon,
John Walker, Martin Priester, Herb
ert Hawk, Henry Pezzoni, Ward
Mathews, Frank Child, Gerson Kap
lan, and Edgar Keller.
The bridge club's newly-elected
officers, President, Howard Sho
mate; Vice President, John S. White;
and Secretary-Treasurer, Jeanne
Burke, have scheduled meetings for
every Tuesday night at 7:15 in the
Women's Clubhouse. Recognized
nationally by the American Contract
Bridge League, the organization is
authorized to award national rating
points at the weekly meetings.
The next major event is the Na
tional Intercollegiate Bridge Tourna
ment held during the winter quarter.
Eight Stanford representatives will
compete in the affair that will pro
duce thirty-two finalists. The April
finals climax the tournament, which
provides for a non-expense trip to
Chicago.
The Stanford Bridge Club has
completed the qualifying rounds in
preparation for the first Stanford-
California bridge tournament to be
held Saturday evening at 7:30 in the
Village clubhouse.
In attempting to capture the trav
eling trophy, the "Hatchet," in its
first appearance, the club has named
the following players to compete
against the Cal contingent: Clark
Palmer, Fred Gutt, Richard Rob
ertson, Howard Shomate, John Lyon,
John Walker, Martin Priester, Herb
ert Hawk, Henry Pezzoni, Ward
Mathews, Frank Child, Gerson Kap
lan, and Edgar Keller.
The bridge club's newly-elected
officers, President, Howard Sho
mate; Vice President, John S. White;
and Secretary-Treasurer, Jeanne
Burke, have scheduled meetings for
every Tuesday night at 7:15 in the
Women's Clubhouse. Recognized
nationally by the American Contract
Bridge League, the organization is
authorized to award national rating
points at the weekly meetings.
The next major event is the Na
tional Intercollegiate Bridge Tourna
ment held during the winter quarter.
Eight Stanford representatives will
compete in the affair that will pro
duce thirty-two finalists. The April
finals climax the tournament, which
provides for a non-expense trip to
Chicago.
The Stanford Bridge Club has
completed the qualifying rounds in
preparation for the first Stanford-
California bridge tournament to be
held Saturday evening at 7:30 in the
Village clubhouse.
In attempting to capture the trav
eling trophy, the "Hatchet," in its
first appearance, the club has named
the following players to compete
against the Cal contingent: Clark
Palmer, Fred Gutt, Richard Rob
ertson, Howard Shomate, John Lyon,
John Walker, Martin Priester, Herb
ert Hawk, Henry Pezzoni, Ward
Mathews, Frank Child, Gerson Kap
lan, and Edgar Keller.
The bridge club's newly-elected
officers, President, Howard Sho
mate; Vice President, John S. White;
and Secretary-Treasurer, Jeanne
Burke, have scheduled meetings for
every Tuesday night at 7:15 in the
Women's Clubhouse. Recognized
nationally by the American Contract
Bridge League, the organization is
authorized to award national rating
points at the weekly meetings.
The next major event is the Na
tional Intercollegiate Bridge Tourna
ment held during the winter quarter.
Eight Stanford representatives will
compete in the affair that will pro
duce thirty-two finalists. The April
finals climax the tournament, which
provides for a non-expense trip to
Chicago.
