# SC Train Tickets Sell Till Friday
## 
### 
Purchase deadline for the SC
rooters' train tickets at the ASSU
office is 5 p.m. Friday. The train
will leave the Southern Pacific de
pot at 7:40 the same night and will
arrive in Los Angeles the next
morning at 8.
Return reservations for the Day
light will be taken at the ASSU of
fice until 5 p.m. Monday. After that
time tickets may be obtained at the
depot, the number of reservations
being limited to 150.
The special rooters' train will
leave Los Angeles at 2:30 a.m. on
Sunday, arriving back at Palo Alto
at 3:15 p.m. The Daylight, however,
will leave Los Angeles at 12:15 p.m.
Sunday, and arrive at Palo Alto at
9:20 p.m.
Purchase deadline for the SC
rooters' train tickets at the ASSU
office is 5 p.m. Friday. The train
will leave the Southern Pacific de
pot at 7:40 the same night and will
arrive in Los Angeles the next
morning at 8.
Return reservations for the Day
light will be taken at the ASSU of
fice until 5 p.m. Monday. After that
time tickets may be obtained at the
depot, the number of reservations
being limited to 150.
The special rooters' train will
leave Los Angeles at 2:30 a.m. on
Sunday, arriving back at Palo Alto
at 3:15 p.m. The Daylight, however,
will leave Los Angeles at 12:15 p.m.
Sunday, and arrive at Palo Alto at
9:20 p.m.
Purchase deadline for the SC
rooters' train tickets at the ASSU
office is 5 p.m. Friday. The train
will leave the Southern Pacific de
pot at 7:40 the same night and will
arrive in Los Angeles the next
morning at 8.
Return reservations for the Day
light will be taken at the ASSU of
fice until 5 p.m. Monday. After that
time tickets may be obtained at the
depot, the number of reservations
being limited to 150.
The special rooters' train will
leave Los Angeles at 2:30 a.m. on
Sunday, arriving back at Palo Alto
at 3:15 p.m. The Daylight, however,
will leave Los Angeles at 12:15 p.m.
Sunday, and arrive at Palo Alto at
9:20 p.m.
Purchase deadline for the SC
rooters' train tickets at the ASSU
office is 5 p.m. Friday. The train
will leave the Southern Pacific de
pot at 7:40 the same night and will
arrive in Los Angeles the next
morning at 8.
Return reservations for the Day
light will be taken at the ASSU of
fice until 5 p.m. Monday. After that
time tickets may be obtained at the
depot, the number of reservations
being limited to 150.
The special rooters' train will
leave Los Angeles at 2:30 a.m. on
Sunday, arriving back at Palo Alto
at 3:15 p.m. The Daylight, however,
will leave Los Angeles at 12:15 p.m.
Sunday, and arrive at Palo Alto at
9:20 p.m.
Purchase deadline for the SC
rooters' train tickets at the ASSU
office is 5 p.m. Friday. The train
will leave the Southern Pacific de
pot at 7:40 the same night and will
arrive in Los Angeles the next
morning at 8.
Return reservations for the Day
light will be taken at the ASSU of
fice until 5 p.m. Monday. After that
time tickets may be obtained at the
depot, the number of reservations
being limited to 150.
The special rooters' train will
leave Los Angeles at 2:30 a.m. on
Sunday, arriving back at Palo Alto
at 3:15 p.m. The Daylight, however,
will leave Los Angeles at 12:15 p.m.
Sunday, and arrive at Palo Alto at
9:20 p.m.
Purchase deadline for the SC
rooters' train tickets at the ASSU
office is 5 p.m. Friday. The train
will leave the Southern Pacific de
pot at 7:40 the same night and will
arrive in Los Angeles the next
morning at 8.
Return reservations for the Day
light will be taken at the ASSU of
fice until 5 p.m. Monday. After that
time tickets may be obtained at the
depot, the number of reservations
being limited to 150.
The special rooters' train will
leave Los Angeles at 2:30 a.m. on
Sunday, arriving back at Palo Alto
at 3:15 p.m. The Daylight, however,
will leave Los Angeles at 12:15 p.m.
Sunday, and arrive at Palo Alto at
9:20 p.m.
Purchase deadline for the SC
rooters' train tickets at the ASSU
office is 5 p.m. Friday. The train
will leave the Southern Pacific de
pot at 7:40 the same night and will
arrive in Los Angeles the next
morning at 8.
Return reservations for the Day
light will be taken at the ASSU of
fice until 5 p.m. Monday. After that
time tickets may be obtained at the
depot, the number of reservations
being limited to 150.
The special rooters' train will
leave Los Angeles at 2:30 a.m. on
Sunday, arriving back at Palo Alto
at 3:15 p.m. The Daylight, however,
will leave Los Angeles at 12:15 p.m.
Sunday, and arrive at Palo Alto at
9:20 p.m.
Purchase deadline for the SC
rooters' train tickets at the ASSU
office is 5 p.m. Friday. The train
will leave the Southern Pacific de
pot at 7:40 the same night and will
arrive in Los Angeles the next
morning at 8.
Return reservations for the Day
light will be taken at the ASSU of
fice until 5 p.m. Monday. After that
time tickets may be obtained at the
depot, the number of reservations
being limited to 150.
The special rooters' train will
leave Los Angeles at 2:30 a.m. on
Sunday, arriving back at Palo Alto
at 3:15 p.m. The Daylight, however,
will leave Los Angeles at 12:15 p.m.
Sunday, and arrive at Palo Alto at
9:20 p.m.
Purchase deadline for the SC
rooters' train tickets at the ASSU
office is 5 p.m. Friday. The train
will leave the Southern Pacific de
pot at 7:40 the same night and will
arrive in Los Angeles the next
morning at 8.
Return reservations for the Day
light will be taken at the ASSU of
fice until 5 p.m. Monday. After that
time tickets may be obtained at the
depot, the number of reservations
being limited to 150.
The special rooters' train will
leave Los Angeles at 2:30 a.m. on
Sunday, arriving back at Palo Alto
at 3:15 p.m. The Daylight, however,
will leave Los Angeles at 12:15 p.m.
Sunday, and arrive at Palo Alto at
9:20 p.m.
Purchase deadline for the SC
rooters' train tickets at the ASSU
office is 5 p.m. Friday. The train
will leave the Southern Pacific de
pot at 7:40 the same night and will
arrive in Los Angeles the next
morning at 8.
Return reservations for the Day
light will be taken at the ASSU of
fice until 5 p.m. Monday. After that
time tickets may be obtained at the
depot, the number of reservations
being limited to 150.
The special rooters' train will
leave Los Angeles at 2:30 a.m. on
Sunday, arriving back at Palo Alto
at 3:15 p.m. The Daylight, however,
will leave Los Angeles at 12:15 p.m.
Sunday, and arrive at Palo Alto at
9:20 p.m.
Purchase deadline for the SC
rooters' train tickets at the ASSU
office is 5 p.m. Friday. The train
will leave the Southern Pacific de
pot at 7:40 the same night and will
arrive in Los Angeles the next
morning at 8.
Return reservations for the Day
light will be taken at the ASSU of
fice until 5 p.m. Monday. After that
time tickets may be obtained at the
depot, the number of reservations
being limited to 150.
The special rooters' train will
leave Los Angeles at 2:30 a.m. on
Sunday, arriving back at Palo Alto
at 3:15 p.m. The Daylight, however,
will leave Los Angeles at 12:15 p.m.
Sunday, and arrive at Palo Alto at
9:20 p.m.
Purchase deadline for the SC
rooters' train tickets at the ASSU
office is 5 p.m. Friday. The train
will leave the Southern Pacific de
pot at 7:40 the same night and will
arrive in Los Angeles the next
morning at 8.
Return reservations for the Day
light will be taken at the ASSU of
fice until 5 p.m. Monday. After that
time tickets may be obtained at the
depot, the number of reservations
being limited to 150.
The special rooters' train will
leave Los Angeles at 2:30 a.m. on
Sunday, arriving back at Palo Alto
at 3:15 p.m. The Daylight, however,
will leave Los Angeles at 12:15 p.m.
Sunday, and arrive at Palo Alto at
9:20 p.m.
Purchase deadline for the SC
rooters' train tickets at the ASSU
office is 5 p.m. Friday. The train
will leave the Southern Pacific de
pot at 7:40 the same night and will
arrive in Los Angeles the next
morning at 8.
Return reservations for the Day
light will be taken at the ASSU of
fice until 5 p.m. Monday. After that
time tickets may be obtained at the
depot, the number of reservations
being limited to 150.
The special rooters' train will
leave Los Angeles at 2:30 a.m. on
Sunday, arriving back at Palo Alto
at 3:15 p.m. The Daylight, however,
will leave Los Angeles at 12:15 p.m.
Sunday, and arrive at Palo Alto at
9:20 p.m.
Purchase deadline for the SC
rooters' train tickets at the ASSU
office is 5 p.m. Friday. The train
will leave the Southern Pacific de
pot at 7:40 the same night and will
arrive in Los Angeles the next
morning at 8.
Return reservations for the Day
light will be taken at the ASSU of
fice until 5 p.m. Monday. After that
time tickets may be obtained at the
depot, the number of reservations
being limited to 150.
The special rooters' train will
leave Los Angeles at 2:30 a.m. on
Sunday, arriving back at Palo Alto
at 3:15 p.m. The Daylight, however,
will leave Los Angeles at 12:15 p.m.
Sunday, and arrive at Palo Alto at
9:20 p.m.
Purchase deadline for the SC
rooters' train tickets at the ASSU
office is 5 p.m. Friday. The train
will leave the Southern Pacific de
pot at 7:40 the same night and will
arrive in Los Angeles the next
morning at 8.
Return reservations for the Day
light will be taken at the ASSU of
fice until 5 p.m. Monday. After that
time tickets may be obtained at the
depot, the number of reservations
being limited to 150.
The special rooters' train will
leave Los Angeles at 2:30 a.m. on
Sunday, arriving back at Palo Alto
at 3:15 p.m. The Daylight, however,
will leave Los Angeles at 12:15 p.m.
Sunday, and arrive at Palo Alto at
9:20 p.m.
Purchase deadline for the SC
rooters' train tickets at the ASSU
office is 5 p.m. Friday. The train
will leave the Southern Pacific de
pot at 7:40 the same night and will
arrive in Los Angeles the next
morning at 8.
Return reservations for the Day
light will be taken at the ASSU of
fice until 5 p.m. Monday. After that
time tickets may be obtained at the
depot, the number of reservations
being limited to 150.
The special rooters' train will
leave Los Angeles at 2:30 a.m. on
Sunday, arriving back at Palo Alto
at 3:15 p.m. The Daylight, however,
will leave Los Angeles at 12:15 p.m.
Sunday, and arrive at Palo Alto at
9:20 p.m.
