# Routine Blast Causes Scare
## 
### 
That fire fuss late yesteiday af
ternoon was caused by frantic tele
phone calls from residents of the
Sandhill Road area who were
frightened by routine blasting ope
ations of the Pacific Gas and Elec
tric Company, Fire Chief John Mar
ston said.
Investigation revealed that the P.
G. & E. was working on a new gas
main running along Sandhill and
Foothill roads. Part of their work
included cleaning the 36-inch main
by blowing it out with explosives.
The resulting explosion, which
hurled a cloud of dust 100 feet in
the air, inspix*ed the phone calls.
The Menlo Park fire department
answei'ed the call along with the
Stanford firemen, Chief Marston
§aid.


FIRE CHIEF MARSTON
That fire fuss late yesteiday af
ternoon was caused by frantic tele
phone calls from residents of the
Sandhill Road area who were
frightened by routine blasting ope
ations of the Pacific Gas and Elec
tric Company, Fire Chief John Mar
ston said.
Investigation revealed that the P.
G. & E. was working on a new gas
main running along Sandhill and
Foothill roads. Part of their work
included cleaning the 36-inch main
by blowing it out with explosives.
The resulting explosion, which
hurled a cloud of dust 100 feet in
the air, inspix*ed the phone calls.
The Menlo Park fire department
answei'ed the call along with the
Stanford firemen, Chief Marston
§aid.


FIRE CHIEF MARSTON
That fire fuss late yesteiday af
ternoon was caused by frantic tele
phone calls from residents of the
Sandhill Road area who were
frightened by routine blasting ope
ations of the Pacific Gas and Elec
tric Company, Fire Chief John Mar
ston said.
Investigation revealed that the P.
G. & E. was working on a new gas
main running along Sandhill and
Foothill roads. Part of their work
included cleaning the 36-inch main
by blowing it out with explosives.
The resulting explosion, which
hurled a cloud of dust 100 feet in
the air, inspix*ed the phone calls.
The Menlo Park fire department
answei'ed the call along with the
Stanford firemen, Chief Marston
§aid.


FIRE CHIEF MARSTON
That fire fuss late yesteiday af
ternoon was caused by frantic tele
phone calls from residents of the
Sandhill Road area who were
frightened by routine blasting ope
ations of the Pacific Gas and Elec
tric Company, Fire Chief John Mar
ston said.
Investigation revealed that the P.
G. & E. was working on a new gas
main running along Sandhill and
Foothill roads. Part of their work
included cleaning the 36-inch main
by blowing it out with explosives.
The resulting explosion, which
hurled a cloud of dust 100 feet in
the air, inspix*ed the phone calls.
The Menlo Park fire department
answei'ed the call along with the
Stanford firemen, Chief Marston
§aid.


FIRE CHIEF MARSTON
That fire fuss late yesteiday af
ternoon was caused by frantic tele
phone calls from residents of the
Sandhill Road area who were
frightened by routine blasting ope
ations of the Pacific Gas and Elec
tric Company, Fire Chief John Mar
ston said.
Investigation revealed that the P.
G. & E. was working on a new gas
main running along Sandhill and
Foothill roads. Part of their work
included cleaning the 36-inch main
by blowing it out with explosives.
The resulting explosion, which
hurled a cloud of dust 100 feet in
the air, inspix*ed the phone calls.
The Menlo Park fire department
answei'ed the call along with the
Stanford firemen, Chief Marston
§aid.


FIRE CHIEF MARSTON
That fire fuss late yesteiday af
ternoon was caused by frantic tele
phone calls from residents of the
Sandhill Road area who were
frightened by routine blasting ope
ations of the Pacific Gas and Elec
tric Company, Fire Chief John Mar
ston said.
Investigation revealed that the P.
G. & E. was working on a new gas
main running along Sandhill and
Foothill roads. Part of their work
included cleaning the 36-inch main
by blowing it out with explosives.
The resulting explosion, which
hurled a cloud of dust 100 feet in
the air, inspix*ed the phone calls.
The Menlo Park fire department
answei'ed the call along with the
Stanford firemen, Chief Marston
§aid.


FIRE CHIEF MARSTON
That fire fuss late yesteiday af
ternoon was caused by frantic tele
phone calls from residents of the
Sandhill Road area who were
frightened by routine blasting ope
ations of the Pacific Gas and Elec
tric Company, Fire Chief John Mar
ston said.
Investigation revealed that the P.
G. & E. was working on a new gas
main running along Sandhill and
Foothill roads. Part of their work
included cleaning the 36-inch main
by blowing it out with explosives.
The resulting explosion, which
hurled a cloud of dust 100 feet in
the air, inspix*ed the phone calls.
The Menlo Park fire department
answei'ed the call along with the
Stanford firemen, Chief Marston
§aid.


FIRE CHIEF MARSTON
That fire fuss late yesteiday af
ternoon was caused by frantic tele
phone calls from residents of the
Sandhill Road area who were
frightened by routine blasting ope
ations of the Pacific Gas and Elec
tric Company, Fire Chief John Mar
ston said.
Investigation revealed that the P.
G. & E. was working on a new gas
main running along Sandhill and
Foothill roads. Part of their work
included cleaning the 36-inch main
by blowing it out with explosives.
The resulting explosion, which
hurled a cloud of dust 100 feet in
the air, inspix*ed the phone calls.
The Menlo Park fire department
answei'ed the call along with the
Stanford firemen, Chief Marston
§aid.


FIRE CHIEF MARSTON
That fire fuss late yesteiday af
ternoon was caused by frantic tele
phone calls from residents of the
Sandhill Road area who were
frightened by routine blasting ope
ations of the Pacific Gas and Elec
tric Company, Fire Chief John Mar
ston said.
Investigation revealed that the P.
G. & E. was working on a new gas
main running along Sandhill and
Foothill roads. Part of their work
included cleaning the 36-inch main
by blowing it out with explosives.
The resulting explosion, which
hurled a cloud of dust 100 feet in
the air, inspix*ed the phone calls.
The Menlo Park fire department
answei'ed the call along with the
Stanford firemen, Chief Marston
§aid.


FIRE CHIEF MARSTON
That fire fuss late yesteiday af
ternoon was caused by frantic tele
phone calls from residents of the
Sandhill Road area who were
frightened by routine blasting ope
ations of the Pacific Gas and Elec
tric Company, Fire Chief John Mar
ston said.
Investigation revealed that the P.
G. & E. was working on a new gas
main running along Sandhill and
Foothill roads. Part of their work
included cleaning the 36-inch main
by blowing it out with explosives.
The resulting explosion, which
hurled a cloud of dust 100 feet in
the air, inspix*ed the phone calls.
The Menlo Park fire department
answei'ed the call along with the
Stanford firemen, Chief Marston
§aid.


FIRE CHIEF MARSTON
That fire fuss late yesteiday af
ternoon was caused by frantic tele
phone calls from residents of the
Sandhill Road area who were
frightened by routine blasting ope
ations of the Pacific Gas and Elec
tric Company, Fire Chief John Mar
ston said.
Investigation revealed that the P.
G. & E. was working on a new gas
main running along Sandhill and
Foothill roads. Part of their work
included cleaning the 36-inch main
by blowing it out with explosives.
The resulting explosion, which
hurled a cloud of dust 100 feet in
the air, inspix*ed the phone calls.
The Menlo Park fire department
answei'ed the call along with the
Stanford firemen, Chief Marston
§aid.


FIRE CHIEF MARSTON
That fire fuss late yesteiday af
ternoon was caused by frantic tele
phone calls from residents of the
Sandhill Road area who were
frightened by routine blasting ope
ations of the Pacific Gas and Elec
tric Company, Fire Chief John Mar
ston said.
Investigation revealed that the P.
G. & E. was working on a new gas
main running along Sandhill and
Foothill roads. Part of their work
included cleaning the 36-inch main
by blowing it out with explosives.
The resulting explosion, which
hurled a cloud of dust 100 feet in
the air, inspix*ed the phone calls.
The Menlo Park fire department
answei'ed the call along with the
Stanford firemen, Chief Marston
§aid.


FIRE CHIEF MARSTON
That fire fuss late yesteiday af
ternoon was caused by frantic tele
phone calls from residents of the
Sandhill Road area who were
frightened by routine blasting ope
ations of the Pacific Gas and Elec
tric Company, Fire Chief John Mar
ston said.
Investigation revealed that the P.
G. & E. was working on a new gas
main running along Sandhill and
Foothill roads. Part of their work
included cleaning the 36-inch main
by blowing it out with explosives.
The resulting explosion, which
hurled a cloud of dust 100 feet in
the air, inspix*ed the phone calls.
The Menlo Park fire department
answei'ed the call along with the
Stanford firemen, Chief Marston
§aid.


FIRE CHIEF MARSTON
That fire fuss late yesteiday af
ternoon was caused by frantic tele
phone calls from residents of the
Sandhill Road area who were
frightened by routine blasting ope
ations of the Pacific Gas and Elec
tric Company, Fire Chief John Mar
ston said.
Investigation revealed that the P.
G. & E. was working on a new gas
main running along Sandhill and
Foothill roads. Part of their work
included cleaning the 36-inch main
by blowing it out with explosives.
The resulting explosion, which
hurled a cloud of dust 100 feet in
the air, inspix*ed the phone calls.
The Menlo Park fire department
answei'ed the call along with the
Stanford firemen, Chief Marston
§aid.


FIRE CHIEF MARSTON
That fire fuss late yesteiday af
ternoon was caused by frantic tele
phone calls from residents of the
Sandhill Road area who were
frightened by routine blasting ope
ations of the Pacific Gas and Elec
tric Company, Fire Chief John Mar
ston said.
Investigation revealed that the P.
G. & E. was working on a new gas
main running along Sandhill and
Foothill roads. Part of their work
included cleaning the 36-inch main
by blowing it out with explosives.
The resulting explosion, which
hurled a cloud of dust 100 feet in
the air, inspix*ed the phone calls.
The Menlo Park fire department
answei'ed the call along with the
Stanford firemen, Chief Marston
§aid.


FIRE CHIEF MARSTON
That fire fuss late yesteiday af
ternoon was caused by frantic tele
phone calls from residents of the
Sandhill Road area who were
frightened by routine blasting ope
ations of the Pacific Gas and Elec
tric Company, Fire Chief John Mar
ston said.
Investigation revealed that the P.
G. & E. was working on a new gas
main running along Sandhill and
Foothill roads. Part of their work
included cleaning the 36-inch main
by blowing it out with explosives.
The resulting explosion, which
hurled a cloud of dust 100 feet in
the air, inspix*ed the phone calls.
The Menlo Park fire department
answei'ed the call along with the
Stanford firemen, Chief Marston
§aid.


FIRE CHIEF MARSTON
