# Artists to Make Paly Traffic Plans
## 
### 
The city plan of Palo Alto is bad
ly outmoded as far as members of
the Architectural and Industrial
Design class are concerned. Under
the direction of V. K. Thompson, 15
students are completely replanning
the city with an eye to solving traf
fic and other problems.
Class procedure involves the pri
mary outlining of each master plan
in tempera paint on an illustration
board and later construction of cor

responding models.
Arthur James, Palo Alto city en
gineer, will assist in grading the
projects. It is hoped that some may
be exhibited in Palo Alto.
This is the first time that a prob
lem of this type has been under
taken at Stanford, according to Mr.
Thompson, who stresses the vital
importance of architecture in city
planning. Future classes will study
other communities in this vicinity.
The city plan of Palo Alto is bad
ly outmoded as far as members of
the Architectural and Industrial
Design class are concerned. Under
the direction of V. K. Thompson, 15
students are completely replanning
the city with an eye to solving traf
fic and other problems.
Class procedure involves the pri
mary outlining of each master plan
in tempera paint on an illustration
board and later construction of cor

responding models.
Arthur James, Palo Alto city en
gineer, will assist in grading the
projects. It is hoped that some may
be exhibited in Palo Alto.
This is the first time that a prob
lem of this type has been under
taken at Stanford, according to Mr.
Thompson, who stresses the vital
importance of architecture in city
planning. Future classes will study
other communities in this vicinity.
The city plan of Palo Alto is bad
ly outmoded as far as members of
the Architectural and Industrial
Design class are concerned. Under
the direction of V. K. Thompson, 15
students are completely replanning
the city with an eye to solving traf
fic and other problems.
Class procedure involves the pri
mary outlining of each master plan
in tempera paint on an illustration
board and later construction of cor

responding models.
Arthur James, Palo Alto city en
gineer, will assist in grading the
projects. It is hoped that some may
be exhibited in Palo Alto.
This is the first time that a prob
lem of this type has been under
taken at Stanford, according to Mr.
Thompson, who stresses the vital
importance of architecture in city
planning. Future classes will study
other communities in this vicinity.
The city plan of Palo Alto is bad
ly outmoded as far as members of
the Architectural and Industrial
Design class are concerned. Under
the direction of V. K. Thompson, 15
students are completely replanning
the city with an eye to solving traf
fic and other problems.
Class procedure involves the pri
mary outlining of each master plan
in tempera paint on an illustration
board and later construction of cor

responding models.
Arthur James, Palo Alto city en
gineer, will assist in grading the
projects. It is hoped that some may
be exhibited in Palo Alto.
This is the first time that a prob
lem of this type has been under
taken at Stanford, according to Mr.
Thompson, who stresses the vital
importance of architecture in city
planning. Future classes will study
other communities in this vicinity.
The city plan of Palo Alto is bad
ly outmoded as far as members of
the Architectural and Industrial
Design class are concerned. Under
the direction of V. K. Thompson, 15
students are completely replanning
the city with an eye to solving traf
fic and other problems.
Class procedure involves the pri
mary outlining of each master plan
in tempera paint on an illustration
board and later construction of cor

responding models.
Arthur James, Palo Alto city en
gineer, will assist in grading the
projects. It is hoped that some may
be exhibited in Palo Alto.
This is the first time that a prob
lem of this type has been under
taken at Stanford, according to Mr.
Thompson, who stresses the vital
importance of architecture in city
planning. Future classes will study
other communities in this vicinity.
The city plan of Palo Alto is bad
ly outmoded as far as members of
the Architectural and Industrial
Design class are concerned. Under
the direction of V. K. Thompson, 15
students are completely replanning
the city with an eye to solving traf
fic and other problems.
Class procedure involves the pri
mary outlining of each master plan
in tempera paint on an illustration
board and later construction of cor

responding models.
Arthur James, Palo Alto city en
gineer, will assist in grading the
projects. It is hoped that some may
be exhibited in Palo Alto.
This is the first time that a prob
lem of this type has been under
taken at Stanford, according to Mr.
Thompson, who stresses the vital
importance of architecture in city
planning. Future classes will study
other communities in this vicinity.
The city plan of Palo Alto is bad
ly outmoded as far as members of
the Architectural and Industrial
Design class are concerned. Under
the direction of V. K. Thompson, 15
students are completely replanning
the city with an eye to solving traf
fic and other problems.
Class procedure involves the pri
mary outlining of each master plan
in tempera paint on an illustration
board and later construction of cor

responding models.
Arthur James, Palo Alto city en
gineer, will assist in grading the
projects. It is hoped that some may
be exhibited in Palo Alto.
This is the first time that a prob
lem of this type has been under
taken at Stanford, according to Mr.
Thompson, who stresses the vital
importance of architecture in city
planning. Future classes will study
other communities in this vicinity.
The city plan of Palo Alto is bad
ly outmoded as far as members of
the Architectural and Industrial
Design class are concerned. Under
the direction of V. K. Thompson, 15
students are completely replanning
the city with an eye to solving traf
fic and other problems.
Class procedure involves the pri
mary outlining of each master plan
in tempera paint on an illustration
board and later construction of cor

responding models.
Arthur James, Palo Alto city en
gineer, will assist in grading the
projects. It is hoped that some may
be exhibited in Palo Alto.
This is the first time that a prob
lem of this type has been under
taken at Stanford, according to Mr.
Thompson, who stresses the vital
importance of architecture in city
planning. Future classes will study
other communities in this vicinity.
The city plan of Palo Alto is bad
ly outmoded as far as members of
the Architectural and Industrial
Design class are concerned. Under
the direction of V. K. Thompson, 15
students are completely replanning
the city with an eye to solving traf
fic and other problems.
Class procedure involves the pri
mary outlining of each master plan
in tempera paint on an illustration
board and later construction of cor

responding models.
Arthur James, Palo Alto city en
gineer, will assist in grading the
projects. It is hoped that some may
be exhibited in Palo Alto.
This is the first time that a prob
lem of this type has been under
taken at Stanford, according to Mr.
Thompson, who stresses the vital
importance of architecture in city
planning. Future classes will study
other communities in this vicinity.
The city plan of Palo Alto is bad
ly outmoded as far as members of
the Architectural and Industrial
Design class are concerned. Under
the direction of V. K. Thompson, 15
students are completely replanning
the city with an eye to solving traf
fic and other problems.
Class procedure involves the pri
mary outlining of each master plan
in tempera paint on an illustration
board and later construction of cor

responding models.
Arthur James, Palo Alto city en
gineer, will assist in grading the
projects. It is hoped that some may
be exhibited in Palo Alto.
This is the first time that a prob
lem of this type has been under
taken at Stanford, according to Mr.
Thompson, who stresses the vital
importance of architecture in city
planning. Future classes will study
other communities in this vicinity.
The city plan of Palo Alto is bad
ly outmoded as far as members of
the Architectural and Industrial
Design class are concerned. Under
the direction of V. K. Thompson, 15
students are completely replanning
the city with an eye to solving traf
fic and other problems.
Class procedure involves the pri
mary outlining of each master plan
in tempera paint on an illustration
board and later construction of cor

responding models.
Arthur James, Palo Alto city en
gineer, will assist in grading the
projects. It is hoped that some may
be exhibited in Palo Alto.
This is the first time that a prob
lem of this type has been under
taken at Stanford, according to Mr.
Thompson, who stresses the vital
importance of architecture in city
planning. Future classes will study
other communities in this vicinity.
The city plan of Palo Alto is bad
ly outmoded as far as members of
the Architectural and Industrial
Design class are concerned. Under
the direction of V. K. Thompson, 15
students are completely replanning
the city with an eye to solving traf
fic and other problems.
Class procedure involves the pri
mary outlining of each master plan
in tempera paint on an illustration
board and later construction of cor

responding models.
Arthur James, Palo Alto city en
gineer, will assist in grading the
projects. It is hoped that some may
be exhibited in Palo Alto.
This is the first time that a prob
lem of this type has been under
taken at Stanford, according to Mr.
Thompson, who stresses the vital
importance of architecture in city
planning. Future classes will study
other communities in this vicinity.
The city plan of Palo Alto is bad
ly outmoded as far as members of
the Architectural and Industrial
Design class are concerned. Under
the direction of V. K. Thompson, 15
students are completely replanning
the city with an eye to solving traf
fic and other problems.
Class procedure involves the pri
mary outlining of each master plan
in tempera paint on an illustration
board and later construction of cor

responding models.
Arthur James, Palo Alto city en
gineer, will assist in grading the
projects. It is hoped that some may
be exhibited in Palo Alto.
This is the first time that a prob
lem of this type has been under
taken at Stanford, according to Mr.
Thompson, who stresses the vital
importance of architecture in city
planning. Future classes will study
other communities in this vicinity.
The city plan of Palo Alto is bad
ly outmoded as far as members of
the Architectural and Industrial
Design class are concerned. Under
the direction of V. K. Thompson, 15
students are completely replanning
the city with an eye to solving traf
fic and other problems.
Class procedure involves the pri
mary outlining of each master plan
in tempera paint on an illustration
board and later construction of cor

responding models.
Arthur James, Palo Alto city en
gineer, will assist in grading the
projects. It is hoped that some may
be exhibited in Palo Alto.
This is the first time that a prob
lem of this type has been under
taken at Stanford, according to Mr.
Thompson, who stresses the vital
importance of architecture in city
planning. Future classes will study
other communities in this vicinity.
The city plan of Palo Alto is bad
ly outmoded as far as members of
the Architectural and Industrial
Design class are concerned. Under
the direction of V. K. Thompson, 15
students are completely replanning
the city with an eye to solving traf
fic and other problems.
Class procedure involves the pri
mary outlining of each master plan
in tempera paint on an illustration
board and later construction of cor

responding models.
Arthur James, Palo Alto city en
gineer, will assist in grading the
projects. It is hoped that some may
be exhibited in Palo Alto.
This is the first time that a prob
lem of this type has been under
taken at Stanford, according to Mr.
Thompson, who stresses the vital
importance of architecture in city
planning. Future classes will study
other communities in this vicinity.
The city plan of Palo Alto is bad
ly outmoded as far as members of
the Architectural and Industrial
Design class are concerned. Under
the direction of V. K. Thompson, 15
students are completely replanning
the city with an eye to solving traf
fic and other problems.
Class procedure involves the pri
mary outlining of each master plan
in tempera paint on an illustration
board and later construction of cor

responding models.
Arthur James, Palo Alto city en
gineer, will assist in grading the
projects. It is hoped that some may
be exhibited in Palo Alto.
This is the first time that a prob
lem of this type has been under
taken at Stanford, according to Mr.
Thompson, who stresses the vital
importance of architecture in city
planning. Future classes will study
other communities in this vicinity.
