# BOEING AIR SCHOOL ANNOUNCES ANNUAL SCHOLARSHIP AWARD
## 
### 
The Boeing School of Aeronautics
at Oakland announces the start of
their third annual scholarship con
test which will close May 15, 1932,
with the first prize being a nine
months' flying course with a tuition
value of $5,275.
The contest will be in the form of
an essay competition, with all un
dergraduate students who will have
completed one year of study in col
lege by July 1932 and ranked schol
astically in the upper one-third of
the class, being eligible. Second,
third, and fourth award winners are
offered a choice of the Boeing Mas
ter Mechanic course, the Boeing
Master Pilot ground course, or the
Boeing Private Pilot ground and
flying course.
Hampton Macomber, '33, won the
first award last year and is now
training at Alameda and will resume
his study here in the Spring Qua r
ter. Further information concerning
the contest may be obtained at the
Registrar's office.
