# TWENTY-THREE VIE FOR CLASS OF '35 OFFICES TOMORROW
## 
### 
With 21 men and two women in
the race for freshman class offices,
interest is running high among the
lower classmen as to the outcome of
tomorrow's primaries. Voting will
be by the Law Steps from 2:30 to
8:30 o'clock, the results to be an
nounced as early in the evening as
possible, according to Beverley Rob
inson, chairman of the election
board.
Running for president are Aylett
Cotton, Douglas Mann, Joe Lawry,
Jess Ray, Ed Lettunich, James
Woolley, and Alex Scheer. Esther
Pickering, Dick Kelley, Bob Lari
mer, Sam Lee, John Fay, Jack Hos
mer, Rachford Harris, and Sammy
Rosenthal are competing for the
vice-presidency. Candidates for sec
retary are Mary Pike, Jack Beach,
Alan Kelsey, and Glenn Martineau;
while those for treasurer are Ralph
Staver, Ben Cave, John Loomis, and
Roy Morse Drew.
With 21 men and two women in
the race for freshman class offices,
interest is running high among the
lower classmen as to the outcome of
tomorrow's primaries. Voting will
be by the Law Steps from 2:30 to
8:30 o'clock, the results to be an
nounced as early in the evening as
possible, according to Beverley Rob
inson, chairman of the election
board.
Running for president are Aylett
Cotton, Douglas Mann, Joe Lawry,
Jess Ray, Ed Lettunich, James
Woolley, and Alex Scheer. Esther
Pickering, Dick Kelley, Bob Lari
mer, Sam Lee, John Fay, Jack Hos
mer, Rachford Harris, and Sammy
Rosenthal are competing for the
vice-presidency. Candidates for sec
retary are Mary Pike, Jack Beach,
Alan Kelsey, and Glenn Martineau;
while those for treasurer are Ralph
Staver, Ben Cave, John Loomis, and
Roy Morse Drew.
With 21 men and two women in
the race for freshman class offices,
interest is running high among the
lower classmen as to the outcome of
tomorrow's primaries. Voting will
be by the Law Steps from 2:30 to
8:30 o'clock, the results to be an
nounced as early in the evening as
possible, according to Beverley Rob
inson, chairman of the election
board.
Running for president are Aylett
Cotton, Douglas Mann, Joe Lawry,
Jess Ray, Ed Lettunich, James
Woolley, and Alex Scheer. Esther
Pickering, Dick Kelley, Bob Lari
mer, Sam Lee, John Fay, Jack Hos
mer, Rachford Harris, and Sammy
Rosenthal are competing for the
vice-presidency. Candidates for sec
retary are Mary Pike, Jack Beach,
Alan Kelsey, and Glenn Martineau;
while those for treasurer are Ralph
Staver, Ben Cave, John Loomis, and
Roy Morse Drew.
With 21 men and two women in
the race for freshman class offices,
interest is running high among the
lower classmen as to the outcome of
tomorrow's primaries. Voting will
be by the Law Steps from 2:30 to
8:30 o'clock, the results to be an
nounced as early in the evening as
possible, according to Beverley Rob
inson, chairman of the election
board.
Running for president are Aylett
Cotton, Douglas Mann, Joe Lawry,
Jess Ray, Ed Lettunich, James
Woolley, and Alex Scheer. Esther
Pickering, Dick Kelley, Bob Lari
mer, Sam Lee, John Fay, Jack Hos
mer, Rachford Harris, and Sammy
Rosenthal are competing for the
vice-presidency. Candidates for sec
retary are Mary Pike, Jack Beach,
Alan Kelsey, and Glenn Martineau;
while those for treasurer are Ralph
Staver, Ben Cave, John Loomis, and
Roy Morse Drew.
With 21 men and two women in
the race for freshman class offices,
interest is running high among the
lower classmen as to the outcome of
tomorrow's primaries. Voting will
be by the Law Steps from 2:30 to
8:30 o'clock, the results to be an
nounced as early in the evening as
possible, according to Beverley Rob
inson, chairman of the election
board.
Running for president are Aylett
Cotton, Douglas Mann, Joe Lawry,
Jess Ray, Ed Lettunich, James
Woolley, and Alex Scheer. Esther
Pickering, Dick Kelley, Bob Lari
mer, Sam Lee, John Fay, Jack Hos
mer, Rachford Harris, and Sammy
Rosenthal are competing for the
vice-presidency. Candidates for sec
retary are Mary Pike, Jack Beach,
Alan Kelsey, and Glenn Martineau;
while those for treasurer are Ralph
Staver, Ben Cave, John Loomis, and
Roy Morse Drew.
With 21 men and two women in
the race for freshman class offices,
interest is running high among the
lower classmen as to the outcome of
tomorrow's primaries. Voting will
be by the Law Steps from 2:30 to
8:30 o'clock, the results to be an
nounced as early in the evening as
possible, according to Beverley Rob
inson, chairman of the election
board.
Running for president are Aylett
Cotton, Douglas Mann, Joe Lawry,
Jess Ray, Ed Lettunich, James
Woolley, and Alex Scheer. Esther
Pickering, Dick Kelley, Bob Lari
mer, Sam Lee, John Fay, Jack Hos
mer, Rachford Harris, and Sammy
Rosenthal are competing for the
vice-presidency. Candidates for sec
retary are Mary Pike, Jack Beach,
Alan Kelsey, and Glenn Martineau;
while those for treasurer are Ralph
Staver, Ben Cave, John Loomis, and
Roy Morse Drew.
With 21 men and two women in
the race for freshman class offices,
interest is running high among the
lower classmen as to the outcome of
tomorrow's primaries. Voting will
be by the Law Steps from 2:30 to
8:30 o'clock, the results to be an
nounced as early in the evening as
possible, according to Beverley Rob
inson, chairman of the election
board.
Running for president are Aylett
Cotton, Douglas Mann, Joe Lawry,
Jess Ray, Ed Lettunich, James
Woolley, and Alex Scheer. Esther
Pickering, Dick Kelley, Bob Lari
mer, Sam Lee, John Fay, Jack Hos
mer, Rachford Harris, and Sammy
Rosenthal are competing for the
vice-presidency. Candidates for sec
retary are Mary Pike, Jack Beach,
Alan Kelsey, and Glenn Martineau;
while those for treasurer are Ralph
Staver, Ben Cave, John Loomis, and
Roy Morse Drew.
With 21 men and two women in
the race for freshman class offices,
interest is running high among the
lower classmen as to the outcome of
tomorrow's primaries. Voting will
be by the Law Steps from 2:30 to
8:30 o'clock, the results to be an
nounced as early in the evening as
possible, according to Beverley Rob
inson, chairman of the election
board.
Running for president are Aylett
Cotton, Douglas Mann, Joe Lawry,
Jess Ray, Ed Lettunich, James
Woolley, and Alex Scheer. Esther
Pickering, Dick Kelley, Bob Lari
mer, Sam Lee, John Fay, Jack Hos
mer, Rachford Harris, and Sammy
Rosenthal are competing for the
vice-presidency. Candidates for sec
retary are Mary Pike, Jack Beach,
Alan Kelsey, and Glenn Martineau;
while those for treasurer are Ralph
Staver, Ben Cave, John Loomis, and
Roy Morse Drew.
With 21 men and two women in
the race for freshman class offices,
interest is running high among the
lower classmen as to the outcome of
tomorrow's primaries. Voting will
be by the Law Steps from 2:30 to
8:30 o'clock, the results to be an
nounced as early in the evening as
possible, according to Beverley Rob
inson, chairman of the election
board.
Running for president are Aylett
Cotton, Douglas Mann, Joe Lawry,
Jess Ray, Ed Lettunich, James
Woolley, and Alex Scheer. Esther
Pickering, Dick Kelley, Bob Lari
mer, Sam Lee, John Fay, Jack Hos
mer, Rachford Harris, and Sammy
Rosenthal are competing for the
vice-presidency. Candidates for sec
retary are Mary Pike, Jack Beach,
Alan Kelsey, and Glenn Martineau;
while those for treasurer are Ralph
Staver, Ben Cave, John Loomis, and
Roy Morse Drew.
With 21 men and two women in
the race for freshman class offices,
interest is running high among the
lower classmen as to the outcome of
tomorrow's primaries. Voting will
be by the Law Steps from 2:30 to
8:30 o'clock, the results to be an
nounced as early in the evening as
possible, according to Beverley Rob
inson, chairman of the election
board.
Running for president are Aylett
Cotton, Douglas Mann, Joe Lawry,
Jess Ray, Ed Lettunich, James
Woolley, and Alex Scheer. Esther
Pickering, Dick Kelley, Bob Lari
mer, Sam Lee, John Fay, Jack Hos
mer, Rachford Harris, and Sammy
Rosenthal are competing for the
vice-presidency. Candidates for sec
retary are Mary Pike, Jack Beach,
Alan Kelsey, and Glenn Martineau;
while those for treasurer are Ralph
Staver, Ben Cave, John Loomis, and
Roy Morse Drew.
With 21 men and two women in
the race for freshman class offices,
interest is running high among the
lower classmen as to the outcome of
tomorrow's primaries. Voting will
be by the Law Steps from 2:30 to
8:30 o'clock, the results to be an
nounced as early in the evening as
possible, according to Beverley Rob
inson, chairman of the election
board.
Running for president are Aylett
Cotton, Douglas Mann, Joe Lawry,
Jess Ray, Ed Lettunich, James
Woolley, and Alex Scheer. Esther
Pickering, Dick Kelley, Bob Lari
mer, Sam Lee, John Fay, Jack Hos
mer, Rachford Harris, and Sammy
Rosenthal are competing for the
vice-presidency. Candidates for sec
retary are Mary Pike, Jack Beach,
Alan Kelsey, and Glenn Martineau;
while those for treasurer are Ralph
Staver, Ben Cave, John Loomis, and
Roy Morse Drew.
With 21 men and two women in
the race for freshman class offices,
interest is running high among the
lower classmen as to the outcome of
tomorrow's primaries. Voting will
be by the Law Steps from 2:30 to
8:30 o'clock, the results to be an
nounced as early in the evening as
possible, according to Beverley Rob
inson, chairman of the election
board.
Running for president are Aylett
Cotton, Douglas Mann, Joe Lawry,
Jess Ray, Ed Lettunich, James
Woolley, and Alex Scheer. Esther
Pickering, Dick Kelley, Bob Lari
mer, Sam Lee, John Fay, Jack Hos
mer, Rachford Harris, and Sammy
Rosenthal are competing for the
vice-presidency. Candidates for sec
retary are Mary Pike, Jack Beach,
Alan Kelsey, and Glenn Martineau;
while those for treasurer are Ralph
Staver, Ben Cave, John Loomis, and
Roy Morse Drew.
With 21 men and two women in
the race for freshman class offices,
interest is running high among the
lower classmen as to the outcome of
tomorrow's primaries. Voting will
be by the Law Steps from 2:30 to
8:30 o'clock, the results to be an
nounced as early in the evening as
possible, according to Beverley Rob
inson, chairman of the election
board.
Running for president are Aylett
Cotton, Douglas Mann, Joe Lawry,
Jess Ray, Ed Lettunich, James
Woolley, and Alex Scheer. Esther
Pickering, Dick Kelley, Bob Lari
mer, Sam Lee, John Fay, Jack Hos
mer, Rachford Harris, and Sammy
Rosenthal are competing for the
vice-presidency. Candidates for sec
retary are Mary Pike, Jack Beach,
Alan Kelsey, and Glenn Martineau;
while those for treasurer are Ralph
Staver, Ben Cave, John Loomis, and
Roy Morse Drew.
With 21 men and two women in
the race for freshman class offices,
interest is running high among the
lower classmen as to the outcome of
tomorrow's primaries. Voting will
be by the Law Steps from 2:30 to
8:30 o'clock, the results to be an
nounced as early in the evening as
possible, according to Beverley Rob
inson, chairman of the election
board.
Running for president are Aylett
Cotton, Douglas Mann, Joe Lawry,
Jess Ray, Ed Lettunich, James
Woolley, and Alex Scheer. Esther
Pickering, Dick Kelley, Bob Lari
mer, Sam Lee, John Fay, Jack Hos
mer, Rachford Harris, and Sammy
Rosenthal are competing for the
vice-presidency. Candidates for sec
retary are Mary Pike, Jack Beach,
Alan Kelsey, and Glenn Martineau;
while those for treasurer are Ralph
Staver, Ben Cave, John Loomis, and
Roy Morse Drew.
With 21 men and two women in
the race for freshman class offices,
interest is running high among the
lower classmen as to the outcome of
tomorrow's primaries. Voting will
be by the Law Steps from 2:30 to
8:30 o'clock, the results to be an
nounced as early in the evening as
possible, according to Beverley Rob
inson, chairman of the election
board.
Running for president are Aylett
Cotton, Douglas Mann, Joe Lawry,
Jess Ray, Ed Lettunich, James
Woolley, and Alex Scheer. Esther
Pickering, Dick Kelley, Bob Lari
mer, Sam Lee, John Fay, Jack Hos
mer, Rachford Harris, and Sammy
Rosenthal are competing for the
vice-presidency. Candidates for sec
retary are Mary Pike, Jack Beach,
Alan Kelsey, and Glenn Martineau;
while those for treasurer are Ralph
Staver, Ben Cave, John Loomis, and
Roy Morse Drew.
