# OLD BRITISH EDICTS RECEIVED AT YALE
## 
### 
NEW HAVEN, Conn., Nov. 8. (A 3 )
—Broadsides of three proclamations
connected with the restoration of
the Stuarts to the throne of England
have just been given to the Sterling
Memorial Library at Yale, it was
announced. Dealing with the appre
hension of the men responsible for
the death of Charles I, they form
rare and valuable additions to origi
nal material for the study' of his
tory.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., Nov. 8. (A 3 )
—Broadsides of three proclamations
connected with the restoration of
the Stuarts to the throne of England
have just been given to the Sterling
Memorial Library at Yale, it was
announced. Dealing with the appre
hension of the men responsible for
the death of Charles I, they form
rare and valuable additions to origi
nal material for the study' of his
tory.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., Nov. 8. (A 3 )
—Broadsides of three proclamations
connected with the restoration of
the Stuarts to the throne of England
have just been given to the Sterling
Memorial Library at Yale, it was
announced. Dealing with the appre
hension of the men responsible for
the death of Charles I, they form
rare and valuable additions to origi
nal material for the study' of his
tory.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., Nov. 8. (A 3 )
—Broadsides of three proclamations
connected with the restoration of
the Stuarts to the throne of England
have just been given to the Sterling
Memorial Library at Yale, it was
announced. Dealing with the appre
hension of the men responsible for
the death of Charles I, they form
rare and valuable additions to origi
nal material for the study' of his
tory.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., Nov. 8. (A 3 )
—Broadsides of three proclamations
connected with the restoration of
the Stuarts to the throne of England
have just been given to the Sterling
Memorial Library at Yale, it was
announced. Dealing with the appre
hension of the men responsible for
the death of Charles I, they form
rare and valuable additions to origi
nal material for the study' of his
tory.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., Nov. 8. (A 3 )
—Broadsides of three proclamations
connected with the restoration of
the Stuarts to the throne of England
have just been given to the Sterling
Memorial Library at Yale, it was
announced. Dealing with the appre
hension of the men responsible for
the death of Charles I, they form
rare and valuable additions to origi
nal material for the study' of his
tory.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., Nov. 8. (A 3 )
—Broadsides of three proclamations
connected with the restoration of
the Stuarts to the throne of England
have just been given to the Sterling
Memorial Library at Yale, it was
announced. Dealing with the appre
hension of the men responsible for
the death of Charles I, they form
rare and valuable additions to origi
nal material for the study' of his
tory.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., Nov. 8. (A 3 )
—Broadsides of three proclamations
connected with the restoration of
the Stuarts to the throne of England
have just been given to the Sterling
Memorial Library at Yale, it was
announced. Dealing with the appre
hension of the men responsible for
the death of Charles I, they form
rare and valuable additions to origi
nal material for the study' of his
tory.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., Nov. 8. (A 3 )
—Broadsides of three proclamations
connected with the restoration of
the Stuarts to the throne of England
have just been given to the Sterling
Memorial Library at Yale, it was
announced. Dealing with the appre
hension of the men responsible for
the death of Charles I, they form
rare and valuable additions to origi
nal material for the study' of his
tory.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., Nov. 8. (A 3 )
—Broadsides of three proclamations
connected with the restoration of
the Stuarts to the throne of England
have just been given to the Sterling
Memorial Library at Yale, it was
announced. Dealing with the appre
hension of the men responsible for
the death of Charles I, they form
rare and valuable additions to origi
nal material for the study' of his
tory.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., Nov. 8. (A 3 )
—Broadsides of three proclamations
connected with the restoration of
the Stuarts to the throne of England
have just been given to the Sterling
Memorial Library at Yale, it was
announced. Dealing with the appre
hension of the men responsible for
the death of Charles I, they form
rare and valuable additions to origi
nal material for the study' of his
tory.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., Nov. 8. (A 3 )
—Broadsides of three proclamations
connected with the restoration of
the Stuarts to the throne of England
have just been given to the Sterling
Memorial Library at Yale, it was
announced. Dealing with the appre
hension of the men responsible for
the death of Charles I, they form
rare and valuable additions to origi
nal material for the study' of his
tory.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., Nov. 8. (A 3 )
—Broadsides of three proclamations
connected with the restoration of
the Stuarts to the throne of England
have just been given to the Sterling
Memorial Library at Yale, it was
announced. Dealing with the appre
hension of the men responsible for
the death of Charles I, they form
rare and valuable additions to origi
nal material for the study' of his
tory.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., Nov. 8. (A 3 )
—Broadsides of three proclamations
connected with the restoration of
the Stuarts to the throne of England
have just been given to the Sterling
Memorial Library at Yale, it was
announced. Dealing with the appre
hension of the men responsible for
the death of Charles I, they form
rare and valuable additions to origi
nal material for the study' of his
tory.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., Nov. 8. (A 3 )
—Broadsides of three proclamations
connected with the restoration of
the Stuarts to the throne of England
have just been given to the Sterling
Memorial Library at Yale, it was
announced. Dealing with the appre
hension of the men responsible for
the death of Charles I, they form
rare and valuable additions to origi
nal material for the study' of his
tory.
