# Adv. 4 Page 2
## 
### 
!
#
STANFORD
MOTOR
COURT
Adjoining Stanford Campus
on Highway 101
• All Modern Conven
iences
• Reasonable Rates
e Close to the Campus
CALL P.A. 7632
11
!
#
STANFORD
MOTOR
COURT
Adjoining Stanford Campus
on Highway 101
• All Modern Conven
iences
• Reasonable Rates
e Close to the Campus
CALL P.A. 7632
11
!
#
STANFORD
MOTOR
COURT
Adjoining Stanford Campus
on Highway 101
• All Modern Conven
iences
• Reasonable Rates
e Close to the Campus
CALL P.A. 7632
11
!
#
STANFORD
MOTOR
COURT
Adjoining Stanford Campus
on Highway 101
• All Modern Conven
iences
• Reasonable Rates
e Close to the Campus
CALL P.A. 7632
11
!
#
STANFORD
MOTOR
COURT
Adjoining Stanford Campus
on Highway 101
• All Modern Conven
iences
• Reasonable Rates
e Close to the Campus
CALL P.A. 7632
11
!
#
STANFORD
MOTOR
COURT
Adjoining Stanford Campus
on Highway 101
• All Modern Conven
iences
• Reasonable Rates
e Close to the Campus
CALL P.A. 7632
11
!
#
STANFORD
MOTOR
COURT
Adjoining Stanford Campus
on Highway 101
• All Modern Conven
iences
• Reasonable Rates
e Close to the Campus
CALL P.A. 7632
11
!
#
STANFORD
MOTOR
COURT
Adjoining Stanford Campus
on Highway 101
• All Modern Conven
iences
• Reasonable Rates
e Close to the Campus
CALL P.A. 7632
11
!
#
STANFORD
MOTOR
COURT
Adjoining Stanford Campus
on Highway 101
• All Modern Conven
iences
• Reasonable Rates
e Close to the Campus
CALL P.A. 7632
11
!
#
STANFORD
MOTOR
COURT
Adjoining Stanford Campus
on Highway 101
• All Modern Conven
iences
• Reasonable Rates
e Close to the Campus
CALL P.A. 7632
11
!
#
STANFORD
MOTOR
COURT
Adjoining Stanford Campus
on Highway 101
• All Modern Conven
iences
• Reasonable Rates
e Close to the Campus
CALL P.A. 7632
11
!
#
STANFORD
MOTOR
COURT
Adjoining Stanford Campus
on Highway 101
• All Modern Conven
iences
• Reasonable Rates
e Close to the Campus
CALL P.A. 7632
11
!
#
STANFORD
MOTOR
COURT
Adjoining Stanford Campus
on Highway 101
• All Modern Conven
iences
• Reasonable Rates
e Close to the Campus
CALL P.A. 7632
11
!
#
STANFORD
MOTOR
COURT
Adjoining Stanford Campus
on Highway 101
• All Modern Conven
iences
• Reasonable Rates
e Close to the Campus
CALL P.A. 7632
11
!
#
STANFORD
MOTOR
COURT
Adjoining Stanford Campus
on Highway 101
• All Modern Conven
iences
• Reasonable Rates
e Close to the Campus
CALL P.A. 7632
11
!
#
STANFORD
MOTOR
COURT
Adjoining Stanford Campus
on Highway 101
• All Modern Conven
iences
• Reasonable Rates
e Close to the Campus
CALL P.A. 7632
11
!
#
STANFORD
MOTOR
COURT
Adjoining Stanford Campus
on Highway 101
• All Modern Conven
iences
• Reasonable Rates
e Close to the Campus
CALL P.A. 7632
11
!
#
STANFORD
MOTOR
COURT
Adjoining Stanford Campus
on Highway 101
• All Modern Conven
iences
• Reasonable Rates
e Close to the Campus
CALL P.A. 7632
11
