# Excom To Discuss Summer Pre-Reg.
## 
### 
A report on Summer Quarter Pre-
Reg. plans from Cheri Martin and
Corky Schrieber will be heard to
night by Excom at a meeting at 7:15
o'clock. Committee appointments
will be presented for Excom's ap
proval.
Other items on the agenda include
publication council appointments, a
report from the Nitery committee,
selection of members of the Summer
Quarter Excom. and a discussion of
the concert series for next Autumn
Quarter.
A report on Summer Quarter Pre-
Reg. plans from Cheri Martin and
Corky Schrieber will be heard to
night by Excom at a meeting at 7:15
o'clock. Committee appointments
will be presented for Excom's ap
proval.
Other items on the agenda include
publication council appointments, a
report from the Nitery committee,
selection of members of the Summer
Quarter Excom. and a discussion of
the concert series for next Autumn
Quarter.
A report on Summer Quarter Pre-
Reg. plans from Cheri Martin and
Corky Schrieber will be heard to
night by Excom at a meeting at 7:15
o'clock. Committee appointments
will be presented for Excom's ap
proval.
Other items on the agenda include
publication council appointments, a
report from the Nitery committee,
selection of members of the Summer
Quarter Excom. and a discussion of
the concert series for next Autumn
Quarter.
A report on Summer Quarter Pre-
Reg. plans from Cheri Martin and
Corky Schrieber will be heard to
night by Excom at a meeting at 7:15
o'clock. Committee appointments
will be presented for Excom's ap
proval.
Other items on the agenda include
publication council appointments, a
report from the Nitery committee,
selection of members of the Summer
Quarter Excom. and a discussion of
the concert series for next Autumn
Quarter.
A report on Summer Quarter Pre-
Reg. plans from Cheri Martin and
Corky Schrieber will be heard to
night by Excom at a meeting at 7:15
o'clock. Committee appointments
will be presented for Excom's ap
proval.
Other items on the agenda include
publication council appointments, a
report from the Nitery committee,
selection of members of the Summer
Quarter Excom. and a discussion of
the concert series for next Autumn
Quarter.
A report on Summer Quarter Pre-
Reg. plans from Cheri Martin and
Corky Schrieber will be heard to
night by Excom at a meeting at 7:15
o'clock. Committee appointments
will be presented for Excom's ap
proval.
Other items on the agenda include
publication council appointments, a
report from the Nitery committee,
selection of members of the Summer
Quarter Excom. and a discussion of
the concert series for next Autumn
Quarter.
A report on Summer Quarter Pre-
Reg. plans from Cheri Martin and
Corky Schrieber will be heard to
night by Excom at a meeting at 7:15
o'clock. Committee appointments
will be presented for Excom's ap
proval.
Other items on the agenda include
publication council appointments, a
report from the Nitery committee,
selection of members of the Summer
Quarter Excom. and a discussion of
the concert series for next Autumn
Quarter.
A report on Summer Quarter Pre-
Reg. plans from Cheri Martin and
Corky Schrieber will be heard to
night by Excom at a meeting at 7:15
o'clock. Committee appointments
will be presented for Excom's ap
proval.
Other items on the agenda include
publication council appointments, a
report from the Nitery committee,
selection of members of the Summer
Quarter Excom. and a discussion of
the concert series for next Autumn
Quarter.
A report on Summer Quarter Pre-
Reg. plans from Cheri Martin and
Corky Schrieber will be heard to
night by Excom at a meeting at 7:15
o'clock. Committee appointments
will be presented for Excom's ap
proval.
Other items on the agenda include
publication council appointments, a
report from the Nitery committee,
selection of members of the Summer
Quarter Excom. and a discussion of
the concert series for next Autumn
Quarter.
A report on Summer Quarter Pre-
Reg. plans from Cheri Martin and
Corky Schrieber will be heard to
night by Excom at a meeting at 7:15
o'clock. Committee appointments
will be presented for Excom's ap
proval.
Other items on the agenda include
publication council appointments, a
report from the Nitery committee,
selection of members of the Summer
Quarter Excom. and a discussion of
the concert series for next Autumn
Quarter.
A report on Summer Quarter Pre-
Reg. plans from Cheri Martin and
Corky Schrieber will be heard to
night by Excom at a meeting at 7:15
o'clock. Committee appointments
will be presented for Excom's ap
proval.
Other items on the agenda include
publication council appointments, a
report from the Nitery committee,
selection of members of the Summer
Quarter Excom. and a discussion of
the concert series for next Autumn
Quarter.
A report on Summer Quarter Pre-
Reg. plans from Cheri Martin and
Corky Schrieber will be heard to
night by Excom at a meeting at 7:15
o'clock. Committee appointments
will be presented for Excom's ap
proval.
Other items on the agenda include
publication council appointments, a
report from the Nitery committee,
selection of members of the Summer
Quarter Excom. and a discussion of
the concert series for next Autumn
Quarter.
A report on Summer Quarter Pre-
Reg. plans from Cheri Martin and
Corky Schrieber will be heard to
night by Excom at a meeting at 7:15
o'clock. Committee appointments
will be presented for Excom's ap
proval.
Other items on the agenda include
publication council appointments, a
report from the Nitery committee,
selection of members of the Summer
Quarter Excom. and a discussion of
the concert series for next Autumn
Quarter.
A report on Summer Quarter Pre-
Reg. plans from Cheri Martin and
Corky Schrieber will be heard to
night by Excom at a meeting at 7:15
o'clock. Committee appointments
will be presented for Excom's ap
proval.
Other items on the agenda include
publication council appointments, a
report from the Nitery committee,
selection of members of the Summer
Quarter Excom. and a discussion of
the concert series for next Autumn
Quarter.
A report on Summer Quarter Pre-
Reg. plans from Cheri Martin and
Corky Schrieber will be heard to
night by Excom at a meeting at 7:15
o'clock. Committee appointments
will be presented for Excom's ap
proval.
Other items on the agenda include
publication council appointments, a
report from the Nitery committee,
selection of members of the Summer
Quarter Excom. and a discussion of
the concert series for next Autumn
Quarter.
A report on Summer Quarter Pre-
Reg. plans from Cheri Martin and
Corky Schrieber will be heard to
night by Excom at a meeting at 7:15
o'clock. Committee appointments
will be presented for Excom's ap
proval.
Other items on the agenda include
publication council appointments, a
report from the Nitery committee,
selection of members of the Summer
Quarter Excom. and a discussion of
the concert series for next Autumn
Quarter.
