# Businessman To Speak On Art
## 
### 
Bart Lytton, California busi
nessman, will present his views
on "The Arts and the Entrepre
neur" tonight at 8 p.m. in Cub
bcrley Auditorium.
Chairman of Lytton Financial
Corp., he has been a prominent
supporter of the arts throughout
California. He recently built the
Lytton Center of the Visual Arts
on Ihe site of the old Garden
Allah Hotel in Hollywood.
Bart Lytton, California busi
nessman, will present his views
on "The Arts and the Entrepre
neur" tonight at 8 p.m. in Cub
bcrley Auditorium.
Chairman of Lytton Financial
Corp., he has been a prominent
supporter of the arts throughout
California. He recently built the
Lytton Center of the Visual Arts
on Ihe site of the old Garden
Allah Hotel in Hollywood.
Bart Lytton, California busi
nessman, will present his views
on "The Arts and the Entrepre
neur" tonight at 8 p.m. in Cub
bcrley Auditorium.
Chairman of Lytton Financial
Corp., he has been a prominent
supporter of the arts throughout
California. He recently built the
Lytton Center of the Visual Arts
on Ihe site of the old Garden
Allah Hotel in Hollywood.
Bart Lytton, California busi
nessman, will present his views
on "The Arts and the Entrepre
neur" tonight at 8 p.m. in Cub
bcrley Auditorium.
Chairman of Lytton Financial
Corp., he has been a prominent
supporter of the arts throughout
California. He recently built the
Lytton Center of the Visual Arts
on Ihe site of the old Garden
Allah Hotel in Hollywood.
Bart Lytton, California busi
nessman, will present his views
on "The Arts and the Entrepre
neur" tonight at 8 p.m. in Cub
bcrley Auditorium.
Chairman of Lytton Financial
Corp., he has been a prominent
supporter of the arts throughout
California. He recently built the
Lytton Center of the Visual Arts
on Ihe site of the old Garden
Allah Hotel in Hollywood.
Bart Lytton, California busi
nessman, will present his views
on "The Arts and the Entrepre
neur" tonight at 8 p.m. in Cub
bcrley Auditorium.
Chairman of Lytton Financial
Corp., he has been a prominent
supporter of the arts throughout
California. He recently built the
Lytton Center of the Visual Arts
on Ihe site of the old Garden
Allah Hotel in Hollywood.
Bart Lytton, California busi
nessman, will present his views
on "The Arts and the Entrepre
neur" tonight at 8 p.m. in Cub
bcrley Auditorium.
Chairman of Lytton Financial
Corp., he has been a prominent
supporter of the arts throughout
California. He recently built the
Lytton Center of the Visual Arts
on Ihe site of the old Garden
Allah Hotel in Hollywood.
Bart Lytton, California busi
nessman, will present his views
on "The Arts and the Entrepre
neur" tonight at 8 p.m. in Cub
bcrley Auditorium.
Chairman of Lytton Financial
Corp., he has been a prominent
supporter of the arts throughout
California. He recently built the
Lytton Center of the Visual Arts
on Ihe site of the old Garden
Allah Hotel in Hollywood.
Bart Lytton, California busi
nessman, will present his views
on "The Arts and the Entrepre
neur" tonight at 8 p.m. in Cub
bcrley Auditorium.
Chairman of Lytton Financial
Corp., he has been a prominent
supporter of the arts throughout
California. He recently built the
Lytton Center of the Visual Arts
on Ihe site of the old Garden
Allah Hotel in Hollywood.
Bart Lytton, California busi
nessman, will present his views
on "The Arts and the Entrepre
neur" tonight at 8 p.m. in Cub
bcrley Auditorium.
Chairman of Lytton Financial
Corp., he has been a prominent
supporter of the arts throughout
California. He recently built the
Lytton Center of the Visual Arts
on Ihe site of the old Garden
Allah Hotel in Hollywood.
Bart Lytton, California busi
nessman, will present his views
on "The Arts and the Entrepre
neur" tonight at 8 p.m. in Cub
bcrley Auditorium.
Chairman of Lytton Financial
Corp., he has been a prominent
supporter of the arts throughout
California. He recently built the
Lytton Center of the Visual Arts
on Ihe site of the old Garden
Allah Hotel in Hollywood.
Bart Lytton, California busi
nessman, will present his views
on "The Arts and the Entrepre
neur" tonight at 8 p.m. in Cub
bcrley Auditorium.
Chairman of Lytton Financial
Corp., he has been a prominent
supporter of the arts throughout
California. He recently built the
Lytton Center of the Visual Arts
on Ihe site of the old Garden
Allah Hotel in Hollywood.
Bart Lytton, California busi
nessman, will present his views
on "The Arts and the Entrepre
neur" tonight at 8 p.m. in Cub
bcrley Auditorium.
Chairman of Lytton Financial
Corp., he has been a prominent
supporter of the arts throughout
California. He recently built the
Lytton Center of the Visual Arts
on Ihe site of the old Garden
Allah Hotel in Hollywood.
Bart Lytton, California busi
nessman, will present his views
on "The Arts and the Entrepre
neur" tonight at 8 p.m. in Cub
bcrley Auditorium.
Chairman of Lytton Financial
Corp., he has been a prominent
supporter of the arts throughout
California. He recently built the
Lytton Center of the Visual Arts
on Ihe site of the old Garden
Allah Hotel in Hollywood.
Bart Lytton, California busi
nessman, will present his views
on "The Arts and the Entrepre
neur" tonight at 8 p.m. in Cub
bcrley Auditorium.
Chairman of Lytton Financial
Corp., he has been a prominent
supporter of the arts throughout
California. He recently built the
Lytton Center of the Visual Arts
on Ihe site of the old Garden
Allah Hotel in Hollywood.
