# Adv. 31 Page 9
## 
### 
CARLYLE'S
Stanford's
Headquarters
for
ROLEX WATCHES
IP#^
THE CONCEPT
OF ENDURANCE.
THE FACE OF
INTEGRITY
ROLEX FOft MEN ANO WOMFN
Expert watch repair on
premises by certified
horologist
Carltf/p
•' lEWKI ERS
535 Hryant St.
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
Your Col|*g«
For Over 35 Ynra
CARLYLE'S
Stanford's
Headquarters
for
ROLEX WATCHES
IP#^
THE CONCEPT
OF ENDURANCE.
THE FACE OF
INTEGRITY
ROLEX FOft MEN ANO WOMFN
Expert watch repair on
premises by certified
horologist
Carltf/p
•' lEWKI ERS
535 Hryant St.
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
Your Col|*g«
For Over 35 Ynra
CARLYLE'S
Stanford's
Headquarters
for
ROLEX WATCHES
IP#^
THE CONCEPT
OF ENDURANCE.
THE FACE OF
INTEGRITY
ROLEX FOft MEN ANO WOMFN
Expert watch repair on
premises by certified
horologist
Carltf/p
•' lEWKI ERS
535 Hryant St.
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
Your Col|*g«
For Over 35 Ynra
CARLYLE'S
Stanford's
Headquarters
for
ROLEX WATCHES
IP#^
THE CONCEPT
OF ENDURANCE.
THE FACE OF
INTEGRITY
ROLEX FOft MEN ANO WOMFN
Expert watch repair on
premises by certified
horologist
Carltf/p
•' lEWKI ERS
535 Hryant St.
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
Your Col|*g«
For Over 35 Ynra
CARLYLE'S
Stanford's
Headquarters
for
ROLEX WATCHES
IP#^
THE CONCEPT
OF ENDURANCE.
THE FACE OF
INTEGRITY
ROLEX FOft MEN ANO WOMFN
Expert watch repair on
premises by certified
horologist
Carltf/p
•' lEWKI ERS
535 Hryant St.
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
Your Col|*g«
For Over 35 Ynra
CARLYLE'S
Stanford's
Headquarters
for
ROLEX WATCHES
IP#^
THE CONCEPT
OF ENDURANCE.
THE FACE OF
INTEGRITY
ROLEX FOft MEN ANO WOMFN
Expert watch repair on
premises by certified
horologist
Carltf/p
•' lEWKI ERS
535 Hryant St.
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
Your Col|*g«
For Over 35 Ynra
CARLYLE'S
Stanford's
Headquarters
for
ROLEX WATCHES
IP#^
THE CONCEPT
OF ENDURANCE.
THE FACE OF
INTEGRITY
ROLEX FOft MEN ANO WOMFN
Expert watch repair on
premises by certified
horologist
Carltf/p
•' lEWKI ERS
535 Hryant St.
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
Your Col|*g«
For Over 35 Ynra
