# Editorial
## 
### 
After all, even the sophomores and
freshmen will agree that the Septem
ber Morn theme of Paul Chabas is
much better on canvas than local
talent can hope to achieve in living
statuary.
After all, even the sophomores and
freshmen will agree that the Septem
ber Morn theme of Paul Chabas is
much better on canvas than local
talent can hope to achieve in living
statuary.
After all, even the sophomores and
freshmen will agree that the Septem
ber Morn theme of Paul Chabas is
much better on canvas than local
talent can hope to achieve in living
statuary.
After all, even the sophomores and
freshmen will agree that the Septem
ber Morn theme of Paul Chabas is
much better on canvas than local
talent can hope to achieve in living
statuary.
After all, even the sophomores and
freshmen will agree that the Septem
ber Morn theme of Paul Chabas is
much better on canvas than local
talent can hope to achieve in living
statuary.
After all, even the sophomores and
freshmen will agree that the Septem
ber Morn theme of Paul Chabas is
much better on canvas than local
talent can hope to achieve in living
statuary.
After all, even the sophomores and
freshmen will agree that the Septem
ber Morn theme of Paul Chabas is
much better on canvas than local
talent can hope to achieve in living
statuary.
After all, even the sophomores and
freshmen will agree that the Septem
ber Morn theme of Paul Chabas is
much better on canvas than local
talent can hope to achieve in living
statuary.
After all, even the sophomores and
freshmen will agree that the Septem
ber Morn theme of Paul Chabas is
much better on canvas than local
talent can hope to achieve in living
statuary.
After all, even the sophomores and
freshmen will agree that the Septem
ber Morn theme of Paul Chabas is
much better on canvas than local
talent can hope to achieve in living
statuary.
After all, even the sophomores and
freshmen will agree that the Septem
ber Morn theme of Paul Chabas is
much better on canvas than local
talent can hope to achieve in living
statuary.
After all, even the sophomores and
freshmen will agree that the Septem
ber Morn theme of Paul Chabas is
much better on canvas than local
talent can hope to achieve in living
statuary.
After all, even the sophomores and
freshmen will agree that the Septem
ber Morn theme of Paul Chabas is
much better on canvas than local
talent can hope to achieve in living
statuary.
