# FRESHMEN SURVIVE TEST
## Forty-five Percent of Entering Class Pass Matriculation Examination. 
### 
Entering students struck a fair
average in the English matriculation
examination which was held Monday,
250 papers out of about 350 having
been returned by the corrector
marked with the welcome plus sign.
One hundred and forty-five of these
were passed unconditionally, while
one hundred and five were requested
to consult with the department.
Those whose efforts were not re
warded will be expected to comply
with English "A" requirements dur
ing their first year, but not neces
sarily during the initial semester.
Entering students struck a fair
average in the English matriculation
examination which was held Monday,
250 papers out of about 350 having
been returned by the corrector
marked with the welcome plus sign.
One hundred and forty-five of these
were passed unconditionally, while
one hundred and five were requested
to consult with the department.
Those whose efforts were not re
warded will be expected to comply
with English "A" requirements dur
ing their first year, but not neces
sarily during the initial semester.
Entering students struck a fair
average in the English matriculation
examination which was held Monday,
250 papers out of about 350 having
been returned by the corrector
marked with the welcome plus sign.
One hundred and forty-five of these
were passed unconditionally, while
one hundred and five were requested
to consult with the department.
Those whose efforts were not re
warded will be expected to comply
with English "A" requirements dur
ing their first year, but not neces
sarily during the initial semester.
Entering students struck a fair
average in the English matriculation
examination which was held Monday,
250 papers out of about 350 having
been returned by the corrector
marked with the welcome plus sign.
One hundred and forty-five of these
were passed unconditionally, while
one hundred and five were requested
to consult with the department.
Those whose efforts were not re
warded will be expected to comply
with English "A" requirements dur
ing their first year, but not neces
sarily during the initial semester.
Entering students struck a fair
average in the English matriculation
examination which was held Monday,
250 papers out of about 350 having
been returned by the corrector
marked with the welcome plus sign.
One hundred and forty-five of these
were passed unconditionally, while
one hundred and five were requested
to consult with the department.
Those whose efforts were not re
warded will be expected to comply
with English "A" requirements dur
ing their first year, but not neces
sarily during the initial semester.
Entering students struck a fair
average in the English matriculation
examination which was held Monday,
250 papers out of about 350 having
been returned by the corrector
marked with the welcome plus sign.
One hundred and forty-five of these
were passed unconditionally, while
one hundred and five were requested
to consult with the department.
Those whose efforts were not re
warded will be expected to comply
with English "A" requirements dur
ing their first year, but not neces
sarily during the initial semester.
Entering students struck a fair
average in the English matriculation
examination which was held Monday,
250 papers out of about 350 having
been returned by the corrector
marked with the welcome plus sign.
One hundred and forty-five of these
were passed unconditionally, while
one hundred and five were requested
to consult with the department.
Those whose efforts were not re
warded will be expected to comply
with English "A" requirements dur
ing their first year, but not neces
sarily during the initial semester.
Entering students struck a fair
average in the English matriculation
examination which was held Monday,
250 papers out of about 350 having
been returned by the corrector
marked with the welcome plus sign.
One hundred and forty-five of these
were passed unconditionally, while
one hundred and five were requested
to consult with the department.
Those whose efforts were not re
warded will be expected to comply
with English "A" requirements dur
ing their first year, but not neces
sarily during the initial semester.
Entering students struck a fair
average in the English matriculation
examination which was held Monday,
250 papers out of about 350 having
been returned by the corrector
marked with the welcome plus sign.
One hundred and forty-five of these
were passed unconditionally, while
one hundred and five were requested
to consult with the department.
Those whose efforts were not re
warded will be expected to comply
with English "A" requirements dur
ing their first year, but not neces
sarily during the initial semester.
Entering students struck a fair
average in the English matriculation
examination which was held Monday,
250 papers out of about 350 having
been returned by the corrector
marked with the welcome plus sign.
One hundred and forty-five of these
were passed unconditionally, while
one hundred and five were requested
to consult with the department.
Those whose efforts were not re
warded will be expected to comply
with English "A" requirements dur
ing their first year, but not neces
sarily during the initial semester.
Entering students struck a fair
average in the English matriculation
examination which was held Monday,
250 papers out of about 350 having
been returned by the corrector
marked with the welcome plus sign.
One hundred and forty-five of these
were passed unconditionally, while
one hundred and five were requested
to consult with the department.
Those whose efforts were not re
warded will be expected to comply
with English "A" requirements dur
ing their first year, but not neces
sarily during the initial semester.
Entering students struck a fair
average in the English matriculation
examination which was held Monday,
250 papers out of about 350 having
been returned by the corrector
marked with the welcome plus sign.
One hundred and forty-five of these
were passed unconditionally, while
one hundred and five were requested
to consult with the department.
Those whose efforts were not re
warded will be expected to comply
with English "A" requirements dur
ing their first year, but not neces
sarily during the initial semester.
Entering students struck a fair
average in the English matriculation
examination which was held Monday,
250 papers out of about 350 having
been returned by the corrector
marked with the welcome plus sign.
One hundred and forty-five of these
were passed unconditionally, while
one hundred and five were requested
to consult with the department.
Those whose efforts were not re
warded will be expected to comply
with English "A" requirements dur
ing their first year, but not neces
sarily during the initial semester.
