# Fall Track at California.
## 
### 
Coach Walter Christie of California
has taken up his work seriously han
dicapped by the loss of such men as
Stanton, Shattuck, Todd, Muenter,
Hodge and Bradway from the 1915
varsity squad. Clarence Beebe has
decided to cast his lot with the Uni
versity of Southern California, leav
ing the transbay school sho.rt one
stellar half-miler. Beebe was runner
up to Bonnett of Stanford in the 880
yard event in the big meet last April.
Christie, however, sees a good find in
Grunsky of Stockton.
Coach Walter Christie of California
has taken up his work seriously han
dicapped by the loss of such men as
Stanton, Shattuck, Todd, Muenter,
Hodge and Bradway from the 1915
varsity squad. Clarence Beebe has
decided to cast his lot with the Uni
versity of Southern California, leav
ing the transbay school sho.rt one
stellar half-miler. Beebe was runner
up to Bonnett of Stanford in the 880
yard event in the big meet last April.
Christie, however, sees a good find in
Grunsky of Stockton.
Coach Walter Christie of California
has taken up his work seriously han
dicapped by the loss of such men as
Stanton, Shattuck, Todd, Muenter,
Hodge and Bradway from the 1915
varsity squad. Clarence Beebe has
decided to cast his lot with the Uni
versity of Southern California, leav
ing the transbay school sho.rt one
stellar half-miler. Beebe was runner
up to Bonnett of Stanford in the 880
yard event in the big meet last April.
Christie, however, sees a good find in
Grunsky of Stockton.
Coach Walter Christie of California
has taken up his work seriously han
dicapped by the loss of such men as
Stanton, Shattuck, Todd, Muenter,
Hodge and Bradway from the 1915
varsity squad. Clarence Beebe has
decided to cast his lot with the Uni
versity of Southern California, leav
ing the transbay school sho.rt one
stellar half-miler. Beebe was runner
up to Bonnett of Stanford in the 880
yard event in the big meet last April.
Christie, however, sees a good find in
Grunsky of Stockton.
Coach Walter Christie of California
has taken up his work seriously han
dicapped by the loss of such men as
Stanton, Shattuck, Todd, Muenter,
Hodge and Bradway from the 1915
varsity squad. Clarence Beebe has
decided to cast his lot with the Uni
versity of Southern California, leav
ing the transbay school sho.rt one
stellar half-miler. Beebe was runner
up to Bonnett of Stanford in the 880
yard event in the big meet last April.
Christie, however, sees a good find in
Grunsky of Stockton.
Coach Walter Christie of California
has taken up his work seriously han
dicapped by the loss of such men as
Stanton, Shattuck, Todd, Muenter,
Hodge and Bradway from the 1915
varsity squad. Clarence Beebe has
decided to cast his lot with the Uni
versity of Southern California, leav
ing the transbay school sho.rt one
stellar half-miler. Beebe was runner
up to Bonnett of Stanford in the 880
yard event in the big meet last April.
Christie, however, sees a good find in
Grunsky of Stockton.
Coach Walter Christie of California
has taken up his work seriously han
dicapped by the loss of such men as
Stanton, Shattuck, Todd, Muenter,
Hodge and Bradway from the 1915
varsity squad. Clarence Beebe has
decided to cast his lot with the Uni
versity of Southern California, leav
ing the transbay school sho.rt one
stellar half-miler. Beebe was runner
up to Bonnett of Stanford in the 880
yard event in the big meet last April.
Christie, however, sees a good find in
Grunsky of Stockton.
Coach Walter Christie of California
has taken up his work seriously han
dicapped by the loss of such men as
Stanton, Shattuck, Todd, Muenter,
Hodge and Bradway from the 1915
varsity squad. Clarence Beebe has
decided to cast his lot with the Uni
versity of Southern California, leav
ing the transbay school sho.rt one
stellar half-miler. Beebe was runner
up to Bonnett of Stanford in the 880
yard event in the big meet last April.
Christie, however, sees a good find in
Grunsky of Stockton.
Coach Walter Christie of California
has taken up his work seriously han
dicapped by the loss of such men as
Stanton, Shattuck, Todd, Muenter,
Hodge and Bradway from the 1915
varsity squad. Clarence Beebe has
decided to cast his lot with the Uni
versity of Southern California, leav
ing the transbay school sho.rt one
stellar half-miler. Beebe was runner
up to Bonnett of Stanford in the 880
yard event in the big meet last April.
Christie, however, sees a good find in
Grunsky of Stockton.
Coach Walter Christie of California
has taken up his work seriously han
dicapped by the loss of such men as
Stanton, Shattuck, Todd, Muenter,
Hodge and Bradway from the 1915
varsity squad. Clarence Beebe has
decided to cast his lot with the Uni
versity of Southern California, leav
ing the transbay school sho.rt one
stellar half-miler. Beebe was runner
up to Bonnett of Stanford in the 880
yard event in the big meet last April.
Christie, however, sees a good find in
Grunsky of Stockton.
Coach Walter Christie of California
has taken up his work seriously han
dicapped by the loss of such men as
Stanton, Shattuck, Todd, Muenter,
Hodge and Bradway from the 1915
varsity squad. Clarence Beebe has
decided to cast his lot with the Uni
versity of Southern California, leav
ing the transbay school sho.rt one
stellar half-miler. Beebe was runner
up to Bonnett of Stanford in the 880
yard event in the big meet last April.
Christie, however, sees a good find in
Grunsky of Stockton.
Coach Walter Christie of California
has taken up his work seriously han
dicapped by the loss of such men as
Stanton, Shattuck, Todd, Muenter,
Hodge and Bradway from the 1915
varsity squad. Clarence Beebe has
decided to cast his lot with the Uni
versity of Southern California, leav
ing the transbay school sho.rt one
stellar half-miler. Beebe was runner
up to Bonnett of Stanford in the 880
yard event in the big meet last April.
Christie, however, sees a good find in
Grunsky of Stockton.
Coach Walter Christie of California
has taken up his work seriously han
dicapped by the loss of such men as
Stanton, Shattuck, Todd, Muenter,
Hodge and Bradway from the 1915
varsity squad. Clarence Beebe has
decided to cast his lot with the Uni
versity of Southern California, leav
ing the transbay school sho.rt one
stellar half-miler. Beebe was runner
up to Bonnett of Stanford in the 880
yard event in the big meet last April.
Christie, however, sees a good find in
Grunsky of Stockton.
