# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Harry Wallace, former wins three
quarters for the Santa Clara college
team has entered Stanford. Wallace
majors in journalism. He is a soph
omore.
Harry Wallace, former wins three
quarters for the Santa Clara college
team has entered Stanford. Wallace
majors in journalism. He is a soph
omore.
Harry Wallace, former wins three
quarters for the Santa Clara college
team has entered Stanford. Wallace
majors in journalism. He is a soph
omore.
Harry Wallace, former wins three
quarters for the Santa Clara college
team has entered Stanford. Wallace
majors in journalism. He is a soph
omore.
Harry Wallace, former wins three
quarters for the Santa Clara college
team has entered Stanford. Wallace
majors in journalism. He is a soph
omore.
Harry Wallace, former wins three
quarters for the Santa Clara college
team has entered Stanford. Wallace
majors in journalism. He is a soph
omore.
Harry Wallace, former wins three
quarters for the Santa Clara college
team has entered Stanford. Wallace
majors in journalism. He is a soph
omore.
Harry Wallace, former wins three
quarters for the Santa Clara college
team has entered Stanford. Wallace
majors in journalism. He is a soph
omore.
Harry Wallace, former wins three
quarters for the Santa Clara college
team has entered Stanford. Wallace
majors in journalism. He is a soph
omore.
Harry Wallace, former wins three
quarters for the Santa Clara college
team has entered Stanford. Wallace
majors in journalism. He is a soph
omore.
Harry Wallace, former wins three
quarters for the Santa Clara college
team has entered Stanford. Wallace
majors in journalism. He is a soph
omore.
Harry Wallace, former wins three
quarters for the Santa Clara college
team has entered Stanford. Wallace
majors in journalism. He is a soph
omore.
Harry Wallace, former wins three
quarters for the Santa Clara college
team has entered Stanford. Wallace
majors in journalism. He is a soph
omore.
