# GOLF, TEAR GAS DON'T SEEM TO MIX
## 
### 

Army maneuvers, calling for the discharge of tear gas, made golfers
entered in the fifth national match play at San Francisco beat a hasty
retreat as it rolled over the starting tee. Walter Hagen (right) and
Richard Arlen had to give up an attempt to use handkerchiefs as
improvised gas masks. (Associated Press Photo)

Army maneuvers, calling for the discharge of tear gas, made golfers
entered in the fifth national match play at San Francisco beat a hasty
retreat as it rolled over the starting tee. Walter Hagen (right) and
Richard Arlen had to give up an attempt to use handkerchiefs as
improvised gas masks. (Associated Press Photo)

Army maneuvers, calling for the discharge of tear gas, made golfers
entered in the fifth national match play at San Francisco beat a hasty
retreat as it rolled over the starting tee. Walter Hagen (right) and
Richard Arlen had to give up an attempt to use handkerchiefs as
improvised gas masks. (Associated Press Photo)

Army maneuvers, calling for the discharge of tear gas, made golfers
entered in the fifth national match play at San Francisco beat a hasty
retreat as it rolled over the starting tee. Walter Hagen (right) and
Richard Arlen had to give up an attempt to use handkerchiefs as
improvised gas masks. (Associated Press Photo)

Army maneuvers, calling for the discharge of tear gas, made golfers
entered in the fifth national match play at San Francisco beat a hasty
retreat as it rolled over the starting tee. Walter Hagen (right) and
Richard Arlen had to give up an attempt to use handkerchiefs as
improvised gas masks. (Associated Press Photo)

Army maneuvers, calling for the discharge of tear gas, made golfers
entered in the fifth national match play at San Francisco beat a hasty
retreat as it rolled over the starting tee. Walter Hagen (right) and
Richard Arlen had to give up an attempt to use handkerchiefs as
improvised gas masks. (Associated Press Photo)

Army maneuvers, calling for the discharge of tear gas, made golfers
entered in the fifth national match play at San Francisco beat a hasty
retreat as it rolled over the starting tee. Walter Hagen (right) and
Richard Arlen had to give up an attempt to use handkerchiefs as
improvised gas masks. (Associated Press Photo)

Army maneuvers, calling for the discharge of tear gas, made golfers
entered in the fifth national match play at San Francisco beat a hasty
retreat as it rolled over the starting tee. Walter Hagen (right) and
Richard Arlen had to give up an attempt to use handkerchiefs as
improvised gas masks. (Associated Press Photo)

Army maneuvers, calling for the discharge of tear gas, made golfers
entered in the fifth national match play at San Francisco beat a hasty
retreat as it rolled over the starting tee. Walter Hagen (right) and
Richard Arlen had to give up an attempt to use handkerchiefs as
improvised gas masks. (Associated Press Photo)

Army maneuvers, calling for the discharge of tear gas, made golfers
entered in the fifth national match play at San Francisco beat a hasty
retreat as it rolled over the starting tee. Walter Hagen (right) and
Richard Arlen had to give up an attempt to use handkerchiefs as
improvised gas masks. (Associated Press Photo)

Army maneuvers, calling for the discharge of tear gas, made golfers
entered in the fifth national match play at San Francisco beat a hasty
retreat as it rolled over the starting tee. Walter Hagen (right) and
Richard Arlen had to give up an attempt to use handkerchiefs as
improvised gas masks. (Associated Press Photo)

Army maneuvers, calling for the discharge of tear gas, made golfers
entered in the fifth national match play at San Francisco beat a hasty
retreat as it rolled over the starting tee. Walter Hagen (right) and
Richard Arlen had to give up an attempt to use handkerchiefs as
improvised gas masks. (Associated Press Photo)

Army maneuvers, calling for the discharge of tear gas, made golfers
entered in the fifth national match play at San Francisco beat a hasty
retreat as it rolled over the starting tee. Walter Hagen (right) and
Richard Arlen had to give up an attempt to use handkerchiefs as
improvised gas masks. (Associated Press Photo)

Army maneuvers, calling for the discharge of tear gas, made golfers
entered in the fifth national match play at San Francisco beat a hasty
retreat as it rolled over the starting tee. Walter Hagen (right) and
Richard Arlen had to give up an attempt to use handkerchiefs as
improvised gas masks. (Associated Press Photo)

Army maneuvers, calling for the discharge of tear gas, made golfers
entered in the fifth national match play at San Francisco beat a hasty
retreat as it rolled over the starting tee. Walter Hagen (right) and
Richard Arlen had to give up an attempt to use handkerchiefs as
improvised gas masks. (Associated Press Photo)
