# Donald Eells, Victim Of Auto Wreck, Improves
## 
### 
Donald Eells, who wns injured in ;
an automobile accident on El Camino
Real last Friday night, was reported i
as "better" by attendants at the Palo
Alto Hospital where he is being
treated. Eells, the son of Dr. and Mrs.
Walter C. Eells of Stanford, suffered
shock, concussion, and severe lacera
tions in the accident. He is being at
tended by Dr, Ray Lyman Wilbur. J
Donald Eells, who wns injured in ;
an automobile accident on El Camino
Real last Friday night, was reported i
as "better" by attendants at the Palo
Alto Hospital where he is being
treated. Eells, the son of Dr. and Mrs.
Walter C. Eells of Stanford, suffered
shock, concussion, and severe lacera
tions in the accident. He is being at
tended by Dr, Ray Lyman Wilbur. J
Donald Eells, who wns injured in ;
an automobile accident on El Camino
Real last Friday night, was reported i
as "better" by attendants at the Palo
Alto Hospital where he is being
treated. Eells, the son of Dr. and Mrs.
Walter C. Eells of Stanford, suffered
shock, concussion, and severe lacera
tions in the accident. He is being at
tended by Dr, Ray Lyman Wilbur. J
Donald Eells, who wns injured in ;
an automobile accident on El Camino
Real last Friday night, was reported i
as "better" by attendants at the Palo
Alto Hospital where he is being
treated. Eells, the son of Dr. and Mrs.
Walter C. Eells of Stanford, suffered
shock, concussion, and severe lacera
tions in the accident. He is being at
tended by Dr, Ray Lyman Wilbur. J
Donald Eells, who wns injured in ;
an automobile accident on El Camino
Real last Friday night, was reported i
as "better" by attendants at the Palo
Alto Hospital where he is being
treated. Eells, the son of Dr. and Mrs.
Walter C. Eells of Stanford, suffered
shock, concussion, and severe lacera
tions in the accident. He is being at
tended by Dr, Ray Lyman Wilbur. J
Donald Eells, who wns injured in ;
an automobile accident on El Camino
Real last Friday night, was reported i
as "better" by attendants at the Palo
Alto Hospital where he is being
treated. Eells, the son of Dr. and Mrs.
Walter C. Eells of Stanford, suffered
shock, concussion, and severe lacera
tions in the accident. He is being at
tended by Dr, Ray Lyman Wilbur. J
Donald Eells, who wns injured in ;
an automobile accident on El Camino
Real last Friday night, was reported i
as "better" by attendants at the Palo
Alto Hospital where he is being
treated. Eells, the son of Dr. and Mrs.
Walter C. Eells of Stanford, suffered
shock, concussion, and severe lacera
tions in the accident. He is being at
tended by Dr, Ray Lyman Wilbur. J
Donald Eells, who wns injured in ;
an automobile accident on El Camino
Real last Friday night, was reported i
as "better" by attendants at the Palo
Alto Hospital where he is being
treated. Eells, the son of Dr. and Mrs.
Walter C. Eells of Stanford, suffered
shock, concussion, and severe lacera
tions in the accident. He is being at
tended by Dr, Ray Lyman Wilbur. J
Donald Eells, who wns injured in ;
an automobile accident on El Camino
Real last Friday night, was reported i
as "better" by attendants at the Palo
Alto Hospital where he is being
treated. Eells, the son of Dr. and Mrs.
Walter C. Eells of Stanford, suffered
shock, concussion, and severe lacera
tions in the accident. He is being at
tended by Dr, Ray Lyman Wilbur. J
Donald Eells, who wns injured in ;
an automobile accident on El Camino
Real last Friday night, was reported i
as "better" by attendants at the Palo
Alto Hospital where he is being
treated. Eells, the son of Dr. and Mrs.
Walter C. Eells of Stanford, suffered
shock, concussion, and severe lacera
tions in the accident. He is being at
tended by Dr, Ray Lyman Wilbur. J
Donald Eells, who wns injured in ;
an automobile accident on El Camino
Real last Friday night, was reported i
as "better" by attendants at the Palo
Alto Hospital where he is being
treated. Eells, the son of Dr. and Mrs.
Walter C. Eells of Stanford, suffered
shock, concussion, and severe lacera
tions in the accident. He is being at
tended by Dr, Ray Lyman Wilbur. J
Donald Eells, who wns injured in ;
an automobile accident on El Camino
Real last Friday night, was reported i
as "better" by attendants at the Palo
Alto Hospital where he is being
treated. Eells, the son of Dr. and Mrs.
Walter C. Eells of Stanford, suffered
shock, concussion, and severe lacera
tions in the accident. He is being at
tended by Dr, Ray Lyman Wilbur. J
Donald Eells, who wns injured in ;
an automobile accident on El Camino
Real last Friday night, was reported i
as "better" by attendants at the Palo
Alto Hospital where he is being
treated. Eells, the son of Dr. and Mrs.
Walter C. Eells of Stanford, suffered
shock, concussion, and severe lacera
tions in the accident. He is being at
tended by Dr, Ray Lyman Wilbur. J
Donald Eells, who wns injured in ;
an automobile accident on El Camino
Real last Friday night, was reported i
as "better" by attendants at the Palo
Alto Hospital where he is being
treated. Eells, the son of Dr. and Mrs.
Walter C. Eells of Stanford, suffered
shock, concussion, and severe lacera
tions in the accident. He is being at
tended by Dr, Ray Lyman Wilbur. J
Donald Eells, who wns injured in ;
an automobile accident on El Camino
Real last Friday night, was reported i
as "better" by attendants at the Palo
Alto Hospital where he is being
treated. Eells, the son of Dr. and Mrs.
Walter C. Eells of Stanford, suffered
shock, concussion, and severe lacera
tions in the accident. He is being at
tended by Dr, Ray Lyman Wilbur. J
