# Senate Ousts Court Clause
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Jan. 28 (/P).â€”The
Senate today rejected the Long
reservation to the World Court ad
herence resolution which would de
clare that American membership
should in no manner affect the Mon
roe doctrine.
Senator Long (D., La.) had con
tended adherence would mean Euro
pean meddling with the doctrine
pronounced by President Monroe.
Senator Robison, Democratic lead
er, asserted the reservation was not
applicable, was unnecessary and was
already covered by the reservation
of Senator Vandenberg, (R., Mich.),
which the Senate adopted lsst week.
Previously Senator Johnson, (R.,
Cal.) made American entrance into
the World Court telling the Senate
the sole question before it was:
"Shall we go into foreign politics?"
