# ALPHA O PLEDGE
## 
### 
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Helene Wilkins, Class of
'38.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Helene Wilkins, Class of
'38.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Helene Wilkins, Class of
'38.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Helene Wilkins, Class of
'38.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Helene Wilkins, Class of
'38.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Helene Wilkins, Class of
'38.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Helene Wilkins, Class of
'38.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Helene Wilkins, Class of
'38.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Helene Wilkins, Class of
'38.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Helene Wilkins, Class of
'38.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Helene Wilkins, Class of
'38.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Helene Wilkins, Class of
'38.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Helene Wilkins, Class of
'38.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Helene Wilkins, Class of
'38.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Helene Wilkins, Class of
'38.
