# GALLERY REVOLTS
## 
### 
LONDON, Jan. 28 (/P>.—Disorders
broke out tonight in the public gal
lery of the House of Commons among
a score of men and women specta
tors shouting criticism against the
government. Attendants were forced
to use violence in ejecting some of
the disturbers.
LONDON, Jan. 28 (/P>.—Disorders
broke out tonight in the public gal
lery of the House of Commons among
a score of men and women specta
tors shouting criticism against the
government. Attendants were forced
to use violence in ejecting some of
the disturbers.
LONDON, Jan. 28 (/P>.—Disorders
broke out tonight in the public gal
lery of the House of Commons among
a score of men and women specta
tors shouting criticism against the
government. Attendants were forced
to use violence in ejecting some of
the disturbers.
LONDON, Jan. 28 (/P>.—Disorders
broke out tonight in the public gal
lery of the House of Commons among
a score of men and women specta
tors shouting criticism against the
government. Attendants were forced
to use violence in ejecting some of
the disturbers.
LONDON, Jan. 28 (/P>.—Disorders
broke out tonight in the public gal
lery of the House of Commons among
a score of men and women specta
tors shouting criticism against the
government. Attendants were forced
to use violence in ejecting some of
the disturbers.
LONDON, Jan. 28 (/P>.—Disorders
broke out tonight in the public gal
lery of the House of Commons among
a score of men and women specta
tors shouting criticism against the
government. Attendants were forced
to use violence in ejecting some of
the disturbers.
LONDON, Jan. 28 (/P>.—Disorders
broke out tonight in the public gal
lery of the House of Commons among
a score of men and women specta
tors shouting criticism against the
government. Attendants were forced
to use violence in ejecting some of
the disturbers.
LONDON, Jan. 28 (/P>.—Disorders
broke out tonight in the public gal
lery of the House of Commons among
a score of men and women specta
tors shouting criticism against the
government. Attendants were forced
to use violence in ejecting some of
the disturbers.
LONDON, Jan. 28 (/P>.—Disorders
broke out tonight in the public gal
lery of the House of Commons among
a score of men and women specta
tors shouting criticism against the
government. Attendants were forced
to use violence in ejecting some of
the disturbers.
LONDON, Jan. 28 (/P>.—Disorders
broke out tonight in the public gal
lery of the House of Commons among
a score of men and women specta
tors shouting criticism against the
government. Attendants were forced
to use violence in ejecting some of
the disturbers.
LONDON, Jan. 28 (/P>.—Disorders
broke out tonight in the public gal
lery of the House of Commons among
a score of men and women specta
tors shouting criticism against the
government. Attendants were forced
to use violence in ejecting some of
the disturbers.
LONDON, Jan. 28 (/P>.—Disorders
broke out tonight in the public gal
lery of the House of Commons among
a score of men and women specta
tors shouting criticism against the
government. Attendants were forced
to use violence in ejecting some of
the disturbers.
LONDON, Jan. 28 (/P>.—Disorders
broke out tonight in the public gal
lery of the House of Commons among
a score of men and women specta
tors shouting criticism against the
government. Attendants were forced
to use violence in ejecting some of
the disturbers.
LONDON, Jan. 28 (/P>.—Disorders
broke out tonight in the public gal
lery of the House of Commons among
a score of men and women specta
tors shouting criticism against the
government. Attendants were forced
to use violence in ejecting some of
the disturbers.
LONDON, Jan. 28 (/P>.—Disorders
broke out tonight in the public gal
lery of the House of Commons among
a score of men and women specta
tors shouting criticism against the
government. Attendants were forced
to use violence in ejecting some of
the disturbers.
