# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
ROOS KNOWS
THE CAMPUS
m
and wc arc proud to offer
our knowledge and scrvicct
to Stanford men and women
during the summer month*.
•
Roo<s Bro&
125 UNIVERSITY AVI.
PALO ALTO
ROOS KNOWS
THE CAMPUS
m
and wc arc proud to offer
our knowledge and scrvicct
to Stanford men and women
during the summer month*.
•
Roo<s Bro&
125 UNIVERSITY AVI.
PALO ALTO
ROOS KNOWS
THE CAMPUS
m
and wc arc proud to offer
our knowledge and scrvicct
to Stanford men and women
during the summer month*.
•
Roo<s Bro&
125 UNIVERSITY AVI.
PALO ALTO
ROOS KNOWS
THE CAMPUS
m
and wc arc proud to offer
our knowledge and scrvicct
to Stanford men and women
during the summer month*.
•
Roo<s Bro&
125 UNIVERSITY AVI.
PALO ALTO
ROOS KNOWS
THE CAMPUS
m
and wc arc proud to offer
our knowledge and scrvicct
to Stanford men and women
during the summer month*.
•
Roo<s Bro&
125 UNIVERSITY AVI.
PALO ALTO
ROOS KNOWS
THE CAMPUS
m
and wc arc proud to offer
our knowledge and scrvicct
to Stanford men and women
during the summer month*.
•
Roo<s Bro&
125 UNIVERSITY AVI.
PALO ALTO
ROOS KNOWS
THE CAMPUS
m
and wc arc proud to offer
our knowledge and scrvicct
to Stanford men and women
during the summer month*.
•
Roo<s Bro&
125 UNIVERSITY AVI.
PALO ALTO
ROOS KNOWS
THE CAMPUS
m
and wc arc proud to offer
our knowledge and scrvicct
to Stanford men and women
during the summer month*.
•
Roo<s Bro&
125 UNIVERSITY AVI.
PALO ALTO
ROOS KNOWS
THE CAMPUS
m
and wc arc proud to offer
our knowledge and scrvicct
to Stanford men and women
during the summer month*.
•
Roo<s Bro&
125 UNIVERSITY AVI.
PALO ALTO
ROOS KNOWS
THE CAMPUS
m
and wc arc proud to offer
our knowledge and scrvicct
to Stanford men and women
during the summer month*.
•
Roo<s Bro&
125 UNIVERSITY AVI.
PALO ALTO
ROOS KNOWS
THE CAMPUS
m
and wc arc proud to offer
our knowledge and scrvicct
to Stanford men and women
during the summer month*.
•
Roo<s Bro&
125 UNIVERSITY AVI.
PALO ALTO
ROOS KNOWS
THE CAMPUS
m
and wc arc proud to offer
our knowledge and scrvicct
to Stanford men and women
during the summer month*.
•
Roo<s Bro&
125 UNIVERSITY AVI.
PALO ALTO
ROOS KNOWS
THE CAMPUS
m
and wc arc proud to offer
our knowledge and scrvicct
to Stanford men and women
during the summer month*.
•
Roo<s Bro&
125 UNIVERSITY AVI.
PALO ALTO
ROOS KNOWS
THE CAMPUS
m
and wc arc proud to offer
our knowledge and scrvicct
to Stanford men and women
during the summer month*.
•
Roo<s Bro&
125 UNIVERSITY AVI.
PALO ALTO
ROOS KNOWS
THE CAMPUS
m
and wc arc proud to offer
our knowledge and scrvicct
to Stanford men and women
during the summer month*.
•
Roo<s Bro&
125 UNIVERSITY AVI.
PALO ALTO
ROOS KNOWS
THE CAMPUS
m
and wc arc proud to offer
our knowledge and scrvicct
to Stanford men and women
during the summer month*.
•
Roo<s Bro&
125 UNIVERSITY AVI.
PALO ALTO
