# Registration Today For Art Course
## 
### 
Students who wish to enroll in the
course in Art Appreciation should reg
ister today, either between 9 and 12
o'clock this morning, or 1 and 5 this
afternoon. Registration should be made
in either room 314, Graphic Arts De
partment, or room 114, Germanic Lan
guages Department.
The Art Appreciation course, which
will be under the administrative direc
tion of Professors Kurt F. Reinhardt
and Edward M. Farmer, will carry
four units of university credit.
Students who wish to enroll in the
course in Art Appreciation should reg
ister today, either between 9 and 12
o'clock this morning, or 1 and 5 this
afternoon. Registration should be made
in either room 314, Graphic Arts De
partment, or room 114, Germanic Lan
guages Department.
The Art Appreciation course, which
will be under the administrative direc
tion of Professors Kurt F. Reinhardt
and Edward M. Farmer, will carry
four units of university credit.
Students who wish to enroll in the
course in Art Appreciation should reg
ister today, either between 9 and 12
o'clock this morning, or 1 and 5 this
afternoon. Registration should be made
in either room 314, Graphic Arts De
partment, or room 114, Germanic Lan
guages Department.
The Art Appreciation course, which
will be under the administrative direc
tion of Professors Kurt F. Reinhardt
and Edward M. Farmer, will carry
four units of university credit.
Students who wish to enroll in the
course in Art Appreciation should reg
ister today, either between 9 and 12
o'clock this morning, or 1 and 5 this
afternoon. Registration should be made
in either room 314, Graphic Arts De
partment, or room 114, Germanic Lan
guages Department.
The Art Appreciation course, which
will be under the administrative direc
tion of Professors Kurt F. Reinhardt
and Edward M. Farmer, will carry
four units of university credit.
Students who wish to enroll in the
course in Art Appreciation should reg
ister today, either between 9 and 12
o'clock this morning, or 1 and 5 this
afternoon. Registration should be made
in either room 314, Graphic Arts De
partment, or room 114, Germanic Lan
guages Department.
The Art Appreciation course, which
will be under the administrative direc
tion of Professors Kurt F. Reinhardt
and Edward M. Farmer, will carry
four units of university credit.
Students who wish to enroll in the
course in Art Appreciation should reg
ister today, either between 9 and 12
o'clock this morning, or 1 and 5 this
afternoon. Registration should be made
in either room 314, Graphic Arts De
partment, or room 114, Germanic Lan
guages Department.
The Art Appreciation course, which
will be under the administrative direc
tion of Professors Kurt F. Reinhardt
and Edward M. Farmer, will carry
four units of university credit.
Students who wish to enroll in the
course in Art Appreciation should reg
ister today, either between 9 and 12
o'clock this morning, or 1 and 5 this
afternoon. Registration should be made
in either room 314, Graphic Arts De
partment, or room 114, Germanic Lan
guages Department.
The Art Appreciation course, which
will be under the administrative direc
tion of Professors Kurt F. Reinhardt
and Edward M. Farmer, will carry
four units of university credit.
Students who wish to enroll in the
course in Art Appreciation should reg
ister today, either between 9 and 12
o'clock this morning, or 1 and 5 this
afternoon. Registration should be made
in either room 314, Graphic Arts De
partment, or room 114, Germanic Lan
guages Department.
The Art Appreciation course, which
will be under the administrative direc
tion of Professors Kurt F. Reinhardt
and Edward M. Farmer, will carry
four units of university credit.
Students who wish to enroll in the
course in Art Appreciation should reg
ister today, either between 9 and 12
o'clock this morning, or 1 and 5 this
afternoon. Registration should be made
in either room 314, Graphic Arts De
partment, or room 114, Germanic Lan
guages Department.
The Art Appreciation course, which
will be under the administrative direc
tion of Professors Kurt F. Reinhardt
and Edward M. Farmer, will carry
four units of university credit.
Students who wish to enroll in the
course in Art Appreciation should reg
ister today, either between 9 and 12
o'clock this morning, or 1 and 5 this
afternoon. Registration should be made
in either room 314, Graphic Arts De
partment, or room 114, Germanic Lan
guages Department.
The Art Appreciation course, which
will be under the administrative direc
tion of Professors Kurt F. Reinhardt
and Edward M. Farmer, will carry
four units of university credit.
Students who wish to enroll in the
course in Art Appreciation should reg
ister today, either between 9 and 12
o'clock this morning, or 1 and 5 this
afternoon. Registration should be made
in either room 314, Graphic Arts De
partment, or room 114, Germanic Lan
guages Department.
The Art Appreciation course, which
will be under the administrative direc
tion of Professors Kurt F. Reinhardt
and Edward M. Farmer, will carry
four units of university credit.
Students who wish to enroll in the
course in Art Appreciation should reg
ister today, either between 9 and 12
o'clock this morning, or 1 and 5 this
afternoon. Registration should be made
in either room 314, Graphic Arts De
partment, or room 114, Germanic Lan
guages Department.
The Art Appreciation course, which
will be under the administrative direc
tion of Professors Kurt F. Reinhardt
and Edward M. Farmer, will carry
four units of university credit.
Students who wish to enroll in the
course in Art Appreciation should reg
ister today, either between 9 and 12
o'clock this morning, or 1 and 5 this
afternoon. Registration should be made
in either room 314, Graphic Arts De
partment, or room 114, Germanic Lan
guages Department.
The Art Appreciation course, which
will be under the administrative direc
tion of Professors Kurt F. Reinhardt
and Edward M. Farmer, will carry
four units of university credit.
Students who wish to enroll in the
course in Art Appreciation should reg
ister today, either between 9 and 12
o'clock this morning, or 1 and 5 this
afternoon. Registration should be made
in either room 314, Graphic Arts De
partment, or room 114, Germanic Lan
guages Department.
The Art Appreciation course, which
will be under the administrative direc
tion of Professors Kurt F. Reinhardt
and Edward M. Farmer, will carry
four units of university credit.
Students who wish to enroll in the
course in Art Appreciation should reg
ister today, either between 9 and 12
o'clock this morning, or 1 and 5 this
afternoon. Registration should be made
in either room 314, Graphic Arts De
partment, or room 114, Germanic Lan
guages Department.
The Art Appreciation course, which
will be under the administrative direc
tion of Professors Kurt F. Reinhardt
and Edward M. Farmer, will carry
four units of university credit.
Students who wish to enroll in the
course in Art Appreciation should reg
ister today, either between 9 and 12
o'clock this morning, or 1 and 5 this
afternoon. Registration should be made
in either room 314, Graphic Arts De
partment, or room 114, Germanic Lan
guages Department.
The Art Appreciation course, which
will be under the administrative direc
tion of Professors Kurt F. Reinhardt
and Edward M. Farmer, will carry
four units of university credit.
