# Columbia's Crew.
## 
### 
The real inwardness of Columbia's
failure to get out a 'varsity crew
this year seems to be lack of time
for training. The most prominent
men fora crew are in the Fchool of
Mines, and they are so harl pushed
that they find themselves unable lo
give time necessary for training
without a dispensation from hours
of work. This dispensation Presi
dent Low refused to give, so the
project of a 'vaisitv crew was
given up.
The real inwardness of Columbia's
failure to get out a 'varsity crew
this year seems to be lack of time
for training. The most prominent
men fora crew are in the Fchool of
Mines, and they are so harl pushed
that they find themselves unable lo
give time necessary for training
without a dispensation from hours
of work. This dispensation Presi
dent Low refused to give, so the
project of a 'vaisitv crew was
given up.
