# Copley Tells Engineering Students of Opportunities
## 
### 
"Opportunities Offered by The West-1
inghouse Electric and Manufacturing !
Company to Graduating Engineering j
Students" was the topic of an address j
given yesterday by A. W. Copley, a j
representative of that firm. His talk >
consisted in outlining various open
ings that might appeal to those inter
ested in this subject and in answer
ing questions on this topic that were
put up to him by an interested audi
ence. The occasion was a splendid op
portunity for engineering students to
learn more of the practical side to
which their University training ap-1
plied.
"Opportunities Offered by The West-1
inghouse Electric and Manufacturing !
Company to Graduating Engineering j
Students" was the topic of an address j
given yesterday by A. W. Copley, a j
representative of that firm. His talk >
consisted in outlining various open
ings that might appeal to those inter
ested in this subject and in answer
ing questions on this topic that were
put up to him by an interested audi
ence. The occasion was a splendid op
portunity for engineering students to
learn more of the practical side to
which their University training ap-1
plied.
"Opportunities Offered by The West-1
inghouse Electric and Manufacturing !
Company to Graduating Engineering j
Students" was the topic of an address j
given yesterday by A. W. Copley, a j
representative of that firm. His talk >
consisted in outlining various open
ings that might appeal to those inter
ested in this subject and in answer
ing questions on this topic that were
put up to him by an interested audi
ence. The occasion was a splendid op
portunity for engineering students to
learn more of the practical side to
which their University training ap-1
plied.
"Opportunities Offered by The West-1
inghouse Electric and Manufacturing !
Company to Graduating Engineering j
Students" was the topic of an address j
given yesterday by A. W. Copley, a j
representative of that firm. His talk >
consisted in outlining various open
ings that might appeal to those inter
ested in this subject and in answer
ing questions on this topic that were
put up to him by an interested audi
ence. The occasion was a splendid op
portunity for engineering students to
learn more of the practical side to
which their University training ap-1
plied.
"Opportunities Offered by The West-1
inghouse Electric and Manufacturing !
Company to Graduating Engineering j
Students" was the topic of an address j
given yesterday by A. W. Copley, a j
representative of that firm. His talk >
consisted in outlining various open
ings that might appeal to those inter
ested in this subject and in answer
ing questions on this topic that were
put up to him by an interested audi
ence. The occasion was a splendid op
portunity for engineering students to
learn more of the practical side to
which their University training ap-1
plied.
"Opportunities Offered by The West-1
inghouse Electric and Manufacturing !
Company to Graduating Engineering j
Students" was the topic of an address j
given yesterday by A. W. Copley, a j
representative of that firm. His talk >
consisted in outlining various open
ings that might appeal to those inter
ested in this subject and in answer
ing questions on this topic that were
put up to him by an interested audi
ence. The occasion was a splendid op
portunity for engineering students to
learn more of the practical side to
which their University training ap-1
plied.
"Opportunities Offered by The West-1
inghouse Electric and Manufacturing !
Company to Graduating Engineering j
Students" was the topic of an address j
given yesterday by A. W. Copley, a j
representative of that firm. His talk >
consisted in outlining various open
ings that might appeal to those inter
ested in this subject and in answer
ing questions on this topic that were
put up to him by an interested audi
ence. The occasion was a splendid op
portunity for engineering students to
learn more of the practical side to
which their University training ap-1
plied.
"Opportunities Offered by The West-1
inghouse Electric and Manufacturing !
Company to Graduating Engineering j
Students" was the topic of an address j
given yesterday by A. W. Copley, a j
representative of that firm. His talk >
consisted in outlining various open
ings that might appeal to those inter
ested in this subject and in answer
ing questions on this topic that were
put up to him by an interested audi
ence. The occasion was a splendid op
portunity for engineering students to
learn more of the practical side to
which their University training ap-1
plied.
"Opportunities Offered by The West-1
inghouse Electric and Manufacturing !
Company to Graduating Engineering j
Students" was the topic of an address j
given yesterday by A. W. Copley, a j
representative of that firm. His talk >
consisted in outlining various open
ings that might appeal to those inter
ested in this subject and in answer
ing questions on this topic that were
put up to him by an interested audi
ence. The occasion was a splendid op
portunity for engineering students to
learn more of the practical side to
which their University training ap-1
plied.
"Opportunities Offered by The West-1
inghouse Electric and Manufacturing !
Company to Graduating Engineering j
Students" was the topic of an address j
given yesterday by A. W. Copley, a j
representative of that firm. His talk >
consisted in outlining various open
ings that might appeal to those inter
ested in this subject and in answer
ing questions on this topic that were
put up to him by an interested audi
ence. The occasion was a splendid op
portunity for engineering students to
learn more of the practical side to
which their University training ap-1
plied.
"Opportunities Offered by The West-1
inghouse Electric and Manufacturing !
Company to Graduating Engineering j
Students" was the topic of an address j
given yesterday by A. W. Copley, a j
representative of that firm. His talk >
consisted in outlining various open
ings that might appeal to those inter
ested in this subject and in answer
ing questions on this topic that were
put up to him by an interested audi
ence. The occasion was a splendid op
portunity for engineering students to
learn more of the practical side to
which their University training ap-1
plied.
"Opportunities Offered by The West-1
inghouse Electric and Manufacturing !
Company to Graduating Engineering j
Students" was the topic of an address j
given yesterday by A. W. Copley, a j
representative of that firm. His talk >
consisted in outlining various open
ings that might appeal to those inter
ested in this subject and in answer
ing questions on this topic that were
put up to him by an interested audi
ence. The occasion was a splendid op
portunity for engineering students to
learn more of the practical side to
which their University training ap-1
plied.
"Opportunities Offered by The West-1
inghouse Electric and Manufacturing !
Company to Graduating Engineering j
Students" was the topic of an address j
given yesterday by A. W. Copley, a j
representative of that firm. His talk >
consisted in outlining various open
ings that might appeal to those inter
ested in this subject and in answer
ing questions on this topic that were
put up to him by an interested audi
ence. The occasion was a splendid op
portunity for engineering students to
learn more of the practical side to
which their University training ap-1
plied.
"Opportunities Offered by The West-1
inghouse Electric and Manufacturing !
Company to Graduating Engineering j
Students" was the topic of an address j
given yesterday by A. W. Copley, a j
representative of that firm. His talk >
consisted in outlining various open
ings that might appeal to those inter
ested in this subject and in answer
ing questions on this topic that were
put up to him by an interested audi
ence. The occasion was a splendid op
portunity for engineering students to
learn more of the practical side to
which their University training ap-1
plied.
"Opportunities Offered by The West-1
inghouse Electric and Manufacturing !
Company to Graduating Engineering j
Students" was the topic of an address j
given yesterday by A. W. Copley, a j
representative of that firm. His talk >
consisted in outlining various open
ings that might appeal to those inter
ested in this subject and in answer
ing questions on this topic that were
put up to him by an interested audi
ence. The occasion was a splendid op
portunity for engineering students to
learn more of the practical side to
which their University training ap-1
plied.
