# Canopy for Angel of Grief.
## 
### 
Ground has been broken for an
elaborate addition to the Angel of
Grief statue in the arboretum. The
work embraces the construction of a
beautiful white marble canopy over
the figure. This is to be support
ed by six marble columns, one foot
in diameter and ten feet high, ar
ranged in the form of a circle. The
concrete foundation for these is to
extend eight feet below the earth.
Around the base and the top of the
columns is to run a coping of white
marble. Surmounting the canopy
there is to be a large urn. This
improvement wili take two months'
time to complete.
Ground has been broken for an
elaborate addition to the Angel of
Grief statue in the arboretum. The
work embraces the construction of a
beautiful white marble canopy over
the figure. This is to be support
ed by six marble columns, one foot
in diameter and ten feet high, ar
ranged in the form of a circle. The
concrete foundation for these is to
extend eight feet below the earth.
Around the base and the top of the
columns is to run a coping of white
marble. Surmounting the canopy
there is to be a large urn. This
improvement wili take two months'
time to complete.
Ground has been broken for an
elaborate addition to the Angel of
Grief statue in the arboretum. The
work embraces the construction of a
beautiful white marble canopy over
the figure. This is to be support
ed by six marble columns, one foot
in diameter and ten feet high, ar
ranged in the form of a circle. The
concrete foundation for these is to
extend eight feet below the earth.
Around the base and the top of the
columns is to run a coping of white
marble. Surmounting the canopy
there is to be a large urn. This
improvement wili take two months'
time to complete.
Ground has been broken for an
elaborate addition to the Angel of
Grief statue in the arboretum. The
work embraces the construction of a
beautiful white marble canopy over
the figure. This is to be support
ed by six marble columns, one foot
in diameter and ten feet high, ar
ranged in the form of a circle. The
concrete foundation for these is to
extend eight feet below the earth.
Around the base and the top of the
columns is to run a coping of white
marble. Surmounting the canopy
there is to be a large urn. This
improvement wili take two months'
time to complete.
Ground has been broken for an
elaborate addition to the Angel of
Grief statue in the arboretum. The
work embraces the construction of a
beautiful white marble canopy over
the figure. This is to be support
ed by six marble columns, one foot
in diameter and ten feet high, ar
ranged in the form of a circle. The
concrete foundation for these is to
extend eight feet below the earth.
Around the base and the top of the
columns is to run a coping of white
marble. Surmounting the canopy
there is to be a large urn. This
improvement wili take two months'
time to complete.
Ground has been broken for an
elaborate addition to the Angel of
Grief statue in the arboretum. The
work embraces the construction of a
beautiful white marble canopy over
the figure. This is to be support
ed by six marble columns, one foot
in diameter and ten feet high, ar
ranged in the form of a circle. The
concrete foundation for these is to
extend eight feet below the earth.
Around the base and the top of the
columns is to run a coping of white
marble. Surmounting the canopy
there is to be a large urn. This
improvement wili take two months'
time to complete.
Ground has been broken for an
elaborate addition to the Angel of
Grief statue in the arboretum. The
work embraces the construction of a
beautiful white marble canopy over
the figure. This is to be support
ed by six marble columns, one foot
in diameter and ten feet high, ar
ranged in the form of a circle. The
concrete foundation for these is to
extend eight feet below the earth.
Around the base and the top of the
columns is to run a coping of white
marble. Surmounting the canopy
there is to be a large urn. This
improvement wili take two months'
time to complete.
Ground has been broken for an
elaborate addition to the Angel of
Grief statue in the arboretum. The
work embraces the construction of a
beautiful white marble canopy over
the figure. This is to be support
ed by six marble columns, one foot
in diameter and ten feet high, ar
ranged in the form of a circle. The
concrete foundation for these is to
extend eight feet below the earth.
Around the base and the top of the
columns is to run a coping of white
marble. Surmounting the canopy
there is to be a large urn. This
improvement wili take two months'
time to complete.
