# Adv. 24 Page 12
## 
### 
Students:
Feeling Depressed
and Down?
A 4-week-long self-help group for
depressed undergraduates will be
conducted this winter by a member
of Stanford's Psychology
Department.
Call 323-1953 for information.
Students:
Feeling Depressed
and Down?
A 4-week-long self-help group for
depressed undergraduates will be
conducted this winter by a member
of Stanford's Psychology
Department.
Call 323-1953 for information.
Students:
Feeling Depressed
and Down?
A 4-week-long self-help group for
depressed undergraduates will be
conducted this winter by a member
of Stanford's Psychology
Department.
Call 323-1953 for information.
Students:
Feeling Depressed
and Down?
A 4-week-long self-help group for
depressed undergraduates will be
conducted this winter by a member
of Stanford's Psychology
Department.
Call 323-1953 for information.
Students:
Feeling Depressed
and Down?
A 4-week-long self-help group for
depressed undergraduates will be
conducted this winter by a member
of Stanford's Psychology
Department.
Call 323-1953 for information.
Students:
Feeling Depressed
and Down?
A 4-week-long self-help group for
depressed undergraduates will be
conducted this winter by a member
of Stanford's Psychology
Department.
Call 323-1953 for information.
Students:
Feeling Depressed
and Down?
A 4-week-long self-help group for
depressed undergraduates will be
conducted this winter by a member
of Stanford's Psychology
Department.
Call 323-1953 for information.
Students:
Feeling Depressed
and Down?
A 4-week-long self-help group for
depressed undergraduates will be
conducted this winter by a member
of Stanford's Psychology
Department.
Call 323-1953 for information.
