# Group cites ethnocentrism as cause of tension
## Ethnic, racial strife may be lessened if students learn to appreciate other cultures 
### Kristin Farr Staff writer 
Most of the tension existing be
tween Stanford students of differ
ent races and cultures may be the
result of rigid ethnocentric per
spectives, a group of 70 students
and staff learned Saturday at a
seminar on multicultural issues.
Facilitators from an off-campus
consulting group began the all
day "Productive Multicultural
Conflict" workshop with a
presentation on the need to foster
a "cultural empathy" in which

other ethnicities are recognized
and appreciated for their unique
qualities.
In a discussion session that fol
lowed, the group identified Stan
ford's particular multicultural
issues and tensions and broke up
into smaller groups to examine
individual perspectives on race
and culture. Participants were
then encouraged to take their ap
preciation for other cultures back
to their respective environments
and encourage a "cultural em
pathy" within the Stanford com
munity.

According to the group, Stan
ford's multicultural tension is per
petuated by a Stanford culture
which exists separately from that
of a particular race or ethnic
group. It is an isolated culture
which does not encourage individ
uals to be loud or to stand out,
one with "quiet polarities." This
culture creates an aversion to
risk-taking, the participants
agreed.
Betty Walker of Residential Af
fairs said the Stanford culture
does not allow for free expression
of one's ethnicity. "Students are

stripped of their values in order
to adjust and fit in here. They
are forced to make sacrifices and
become homogenized," Walker
said.
Those students who do retain a
sense of cultural identity are not
encouraged either to share it or
to understand other cultures, she
added. "Each thinks that their
own is best. We all have biases
and prejudices and need to inves
tigate other systems before we
have the right to judge or
criticize."
Most of the tension existing be
tween Stanford students of differ
ent races and cultures may be the
result of rigid ethnocentric per
spectives, a group of 70 students
and staff learned Saturday at a
seminar on multicultural issues.
Facilitators from an off-campus
consulting group began the all
day "Productive Multicultural
Conflict" workshop with a
presentation on the need to foster
a "cultural empathy" in which

other ethnicities are recognized
and appreciated for their unique
qualities.
In a discussion session that fol
lowed, the group identified Stan
ford's particular multicultural
issues and tensions and broke up
into smaller groups to examine
individual perspectives on race
and culture. Participants were
then encouraged to take their ap
preciation for other cultures back
to their respective environments
and encourage a "cultural em
pathy" within the Stanford com
munity.

According to the group, Stan
ford's multicultural tension is per
petuated by a Stanford culture
which exists separately from that
of a particular race or ethnic
group. It is an isolated culture
which does not encourage individ
uals to be loud or to stand out,
one with "quiet polarities." This
culture creates an aversion to
risk-taking, the participants
agreed.
Betty Walker of Residential Af
fairs said the Stanford culture
does not allow for free expression
of one's ethnicity. "Students are

stripped of their values in order
to adjust and fit in here. They
are forced to make sacrifices and
become homogenized," Walker
said.
Those students who do retain a
sense of cultural identity are not
encouraged either to share it or
to understand other cultures, she
added. "Each thinks that their
own is best. We all have biases
and prejudices and need to inves
tigate other systems before we
have the right to judge or
criticize."
Most of the tension existing be
tween Stanford students of differ
ent races and cultures may be the
result of rigid ethnocentric per
spectives, a group of 70 students
and staff learned Saturday at a
seminar on multicultural issues.
Facilitators from an off-campus
consulting group began the all
day "Productive Multicultural
Conflict" workshop with a
presentation on the need to foster
a "cultural empathy" in which

other ethnicities are recognized
and appreciated for their unique
qualities.
In a discussion session that fol
lowed, the group identified Stan
ford's particular multicultural
issues and tensions and broke up
into smaller groups to examine
individual perspectives on race
and culture. Participants were
then encouraged to take their ap
preciation for other cultures back
to their respective environments
and encourage a "cultural em
pathy" within the Stanford com
munity.

According to the group, Stan
ford's multicultural tension is per
petuated by a Stanford culture
which exists separately from that
of a particular race or ethnic
group. It is an isolated culture
which does not encourage individ
uals to be loud or to stand out,
one with "quiet polarities." This
culture creates an aversion to
risk-taking, the participants
agreed.
Betty Walker of Residential Af
fairs said the Stanford culture
does not allow for free expression
of one's ethnicity. "Students are

stripped of their values in order
to adjust and fit in here. They
are forced to make sacrifices and
become homogenized," Walker
said.
Those students who do retain a
sense of cultural identity are not
encouraged either to share it or
to understand other cultures, she
added. "Each thinks that their
own is best. We all have biases
and prejudices and need to inves
tigate other systems before we
have the right to judge or
criticize."
Most of the tension existing be
tween Stanford students of differ
ent races and cultures may be the
result of rigid ethnocentric per
spectives, a group of 70 students
and staff learned Saturday at a
seminar on multicultural issues.
Facilitators from an off-campus
consulting group began the all
day "Productive Multicultural
Conflict" workshop with a
presentation on the need to foster
a "cultural empathy" in which

other ethnicities are recognized
and appreciated for their unique
qualities.
In a discussion session that fol
lowed, the group identified Stan
ford's particular multicultural
issues and tensions and broke up
into smaller groups to examine
individual perspectives on race
and culture. Participants were
then encouraged to take their ap
preciation for other cultures back
to their respective environments
and encourage a "cultural em
pathy" within the Stanford com
munity.

According to the group, Stan
ford's multicultural tension is per
petuated by a Stanford culture
which exists separately from that
of a particular race or ethnic
group. It is an isolated culture
which does not encourage individ
uals to be loud or to stand out,
one with "quiet polarities." This
culture creates an aversion to
risk-taking, the participants
agreed.
Betty Walker of Residential Af
fairs said the Stanford culture
does not allow for free expression
of one's ethnicity. "Students are

stripped of their values in order
to adjust and fit in here. They
are forced to make sacrifices and
become homogenized," Walker
said.
Those students who do retain a
sense of cultural identity are not
encouraged either to share it or
to understand other cultures, she
added. "Each thinks that their
own is best. We all have biases
and prejudices and need to inves
tigate other systems before we
have the right to judge or
criticize."
Most of the tension existing be
tween Stanford students of differ
ent races and cultures may be the
result of rigid ethnocentric per
spectives, a group of 70 students
and staff learned Saturday at a
seminar on multicultural issues.
Facilitators from an off-campus
consulting group began the all
day "Productive Multicultural
Conflict" workshop with a
presentation on the need to foster
a "cultural empathy" in which

other ethnicities are recognized
and appreciated for their unique
qualities.
In a discussion session that fol
lowed, the group identified Stan
ford's particular multicultural
issues and tensions and broke up
into smaller groups to examine
individual perspectives on race
and culture. Participants were
then encouraged to take their ap
preciation for other cultures back
to their respective environments
and encourage a "cultural em
pathy" within the Stanford com
munity.

According to the group, Stan
ford's multicultural tension is per
petuated by a Stanford culture
which exists separately from that
of a particular race or ethnic
group. It is an isolated culture
which does not encourage individ
uals to be loud or to stand out,
one with "quiet polarities." This
culture creates an aversion to
risk-taking, the participants
agreed.
Betty Walker of Residential Af
fairs said the Stanford culture
does not allow for free expression
of one's ethnicity. "Students are

stripped of their values in order
to adjust and fit in here. They
are forced to make sacrifices and
become homogenized," Walker
said.
Those students who do retain a
sense of cultural identity are not
encouraged either to share it or
to understand other cultures, she
added. "Each thinks that their
own is best. We all have biases
and prejudices and need to inves
tigate other systems before we
have the right to judge or
criticize."
Most of the tension existing be
tween Stanford students of differ
ent races and cultures may be the
result of rigid ethnocentric per
spectives, a group of 70 students
and staff learned Saturday at a
seminar on multicultural issues.
Facilitators from an off-campus
consulting group began the all
day "Productive Multicultural
Conflict" workshop with a
presentation on the need to foster
a "cultural empathy" in which

other ethnicities are recognized
and appreciated for their unique
qualities.
In a discussion session that fol
lowed, the group identified Stan
ford's particular multicultural
issues and tensions and broke up
into smaller groups to examine
individual perspectives on race
and culture. Participants were
then encouraged to take their ap
preciation for other cultures back
to their respective environments
and encourage a "cultural em
pathy" within the Stanford com
munity.

According to the group, Stan
ford's multicultural tension is per
petuated by a Stanford culture
which exists separately from that
of a particular race or ethnic
group. It is an isolated culture
which does not encourage individ
uals to be loud or to stand out,
one with "quiet polarities." This
culture creates an aversion to
risk-taking, the participants
agreed.
Betty Walker of Residential Af
fairs said the Stanford culture
does not allow for free expression
of one's ethnicity. "Students are

stripped of their values in order
to adjust and fit in here. They
are forced to make sacrifices and
become homogenized," Walker
said.
Those students who do retain a
sense of cultural identity are not
encouraged either to share it or
to understand other cultures, she
added. "Each thinks that their
own is best. We all have biases
and prejudices and need to inves
tigate other systems before we
have the right to judge or
criticize."
Most of the tension existing be
tween Stanford students of differ
ent races and cultures may be the
result of rigid ethnocentric per
spectives, a group of 70 students
and staff learned Saturday at a
seminar on multicultural issues.
Facilitators from an off-campus
consulting group began the all
day "Productive Multicultural
Conflict" workshop with a
presentation on the need to foster
a "cultural empathy" in which

other ethnicities are recognized
and appreciated for their unique
qualities.
In a discussion session that fol
lowed, the group identified Stan
ford's particular multicultural
issues and tensions and broke up
into smaller groups to examine
individual perspectives on race
and culture. Participants were
then encouraged to take their ap
preciation for other cultures back
to their respective environments
and encourage a "cultural em
pathy" within the Stanford com
munity.

According to the group, Stan
ford's multicultural tension is per
petuated by a Stanford culture
which exists separately from that
of a particular race or ethnic
group. It is an isolated culture
which does not encourage individ
uals to be loud or to stand out,
one with "quiet polarities." This
culture creates an aversion to
risk-taking, the participants
agreed.
Betty Walker of Residential Af
fairs said the Stanford culture
does not allow for free expression
of one's ethnicity. "Students are

stripped of their values in order
to adjust and fit in here. They
are forced to make sacrifices and
become homogenized," Walker
said.
Those students who do retain a
sense of cultural identity are not
encouraged either to share it or
to understand other cultures, she
added. "Each thinks that their
own is best. We all have biases
and prejudices and need to inves
tigate other systems before we
have the right to judge or
criticize."
Most of the tension existing be
tween Stanford students of differ
ent races and cultures may be the
result of rigid ethnocentric per
spectives, a group of 70 students
and staff learned Saturday at a
seminar on multicultural issues.
Facilitators from an off-campus
consulting group began the all
day "Productive Multicultural
Conflict" workshop with a
presentation on the need to foster
a "cultural empathy" in which

other ethnicities are recognized
and appreciated for their unique
qualities.
In a discussion session that fol
lowed, the group identified Stan
ford's particular multicultural
issues and tensions and broke up
into smaller groups to examine
individual perspectives on race
and culture. Participants were
then encouraged to take their ap
preciation for other cultures back
to their respective environments
and encourage a "cultural em
pathy" within the Stanford com
munity.

According to the group, Stan
ford's multicultural tension is per
petuated by a Stanford culture
which exists separately from that
of a particular race or ethnic
group. It is an isolated culture
which does not encourage individ
uals to be loud or to stand out,
one with "quiet polarities." This
culture creates an aversion to
risk-taking, the participants
agreed.
Betty Walker of Residential Af
fairs said the Stanford culture
does not allow for free expression
of one's ethnicity. "Students are

stripped of their values in order
to adjust and fit in here. They
are forced to make sacrifices and
become homogenized," Walker
said.
Those students who do retain a
sense of cultural identity are not
encouraged either to share it or
to understand other cultures, she
added. "Each thinks that their
own is best. We all have biases
and prejudices and need to inves
tigate other systems before we
have the right to judge or
criticize."
