# Choirs Perform At Roble
## 
### 
Three religious choirs will be
performing tonight at 7:30 p.m.
in the Roble Lounge as part of
"Black Liberation through
Religion," a series of events
sponsored by the black residents
of Roble Hall.
The program features the Jones
Methodist Youth Choir of San
Francisco, along with two local
singing groups, the Nairobi
Messengers, and the Voices of
Joy.
The performance of religious
music accompanies a series of
programs organized for "Black
Liberation Month" in Roble Hall,
which is a black concentration
dormitory.

The organizers plan to
celebrate the quarter's end by a
soul food dinner, after next
week's activities emphasizing
black liberation through politics.
Celebration of the different arts
will continue into next quarter.
