# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Chicago Seniors are debating the
advisability of printing lists of their
activities after their names in the
annual.
Chicago Seniors are debating the
advisability of printing lists of their
activities after their names in the
annual.
Chicago Seniors are debating the
advisability of printing lists of their
activities after their names in the
annual.
Chicago Seniors are debating the
advisability of printing lists of their
activities after their names in the
annual.
Chicago Seniors are debating the
advisability of printing lists of their
activities after their names in the
annual.
Chicago Seniors are debating the
advisability of printing lists of their
activities after their names in the
annual.
Chicago Seniors are debating the
advisability of printing lists of their
activities after their names in the
annual.
Chicago Seniors are debating the
advisability of printing lists of their
activities after their names in the
annual.
Chicago Seniors are debating the
advisability of printing lists of their
activities after their names in the
annual.
Chicago Seniors are debating the
advisability of printing lists of their
activities after their names in the
annual.
Chicago Seniors are debating the
advisability of printing lists of their
activities after their names in the
annual.
Chicago Seniors are debating the
advisability of printing lists of their
activities after their names in the
annual.
Chicago Seniors are debating the
advisability of printing lists of their
activities after their names in the
annual.
