# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Chicago is planning the erection of
three new buildings this spring at a
cost of $800,000.
Chicago is planning the erection of
three new buildings this spring at a
cost of $800,000.
Chicago is planning the erection of
three new buildings this spring at a
cost of $800,000.
Chicago is planning the erection of
three new buildings this spring at a
cost of $800,000.
Chicago is planning the erection of
three new buildings this spring at a
cost of $800,000.
Chicago is planning the erection of
three new buildings this spring at a
cost of $800,000.
Chicago is planning the erection of
three new buildings this spring at a
cost of $800,000.
Chicago is planning the erection of
three new buildings this spring at a
cost of $800,000.
Chicago is planning the erection of
three new buildings this spring at a
cost of $800,000.
Chicago is planning the erection of
three new buildings this spring at a
cost of $800,000.
Chicago is planning the erection of
three new buildings this spring at a
cost of $800,000.
Chicago is planning the erection of
three new buildings this spring at a
cost of $800,000.
Chicago is planning the erection of
three new buildings this spring at a
cost of $800,000.
