# Adv. 19 Page 4
## 
### 
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
publication.
