# Return of SUE Blanks Requested
## 
### 
Sixty-five per cent of the ques
tionnaires sent out by the Study of
Undergraduate Education to the
graduating senior class were re
turned by Saturday. The Study re
quests that those who have not yet
sent in their answers do so prompt
ly.
Sixty-five per cent of the ques
tionnaires sent out by the Study of
Undergraduate Education to the
graduating senior class were re
turned by Saturday. The Study re
quests that those who have not yet
sent in their answers do so prompt
ly.
Sixty-five per cent of the ques
tionnaires sent out by the Study of
Undergraduate Education to the
graduating senior class were re
turned by Saturday. The Study re
quests that those who have not yet
sent in their answers do so prompt
ly.
Sixty-five per cent of the ques
tionnaires sent out by the Study of
Undergraduate Education to the
graduating senior class were re
turned by Saturday. The Study re
quests that those who have not yet
sent in their answers do so prompt
ly.
Sixty-five per cent of the ques
tionnaires sent out by the Study of
Undergraduate Education to the
graduating senior class were re
turned by Saturday. The Study re
quests that those who have not yet
sent in their answers do so prompt
ly.
Sixty-five per cent of the ques
tionnaires sent out by the Study of
Undergraduate Education to the
graduating senior class were re
turned by Saturday. The Study re
quests that those who have not yet
sent in their answers do so prompt
ly.
Sixty-five per cent of the ques
tionnaires sent out by the Study of
Undergraduate Education to the
graduating senior class were re
turned by Saturday. The Study re
quests that those who have not yet
sent in their answers do so prompt
ly.
Sixty-five per cent of the ques
tionnaires sent out by the Study of
Undergraduate Education to the
graduating senior class were re
turned by Saturday. The Study re
quests that those who have not yet
sent in their answers do so prompt
ly.
Sixty-five per cent of the ques
tionnaires sent out by the Study of
Undergraduate Education to the
graduating senior class were re
turned by Saturday. The Study re
quests that those who have not yet
sent in their answers do so prompt
ly.
Sixty-five per cent of the ques
tionnaires sent out by the Study of
Undergraduate Education to the
graduating senior class were re
turned by Saturday. The Study re
quests that those who have not yet
sent in their answers do so prompt
ly.
Sixty-five per cent of the ques
tionnaires sent out by the Study of
Undergraduate Education to the
graduating senior class were re
turned by Saturday. The Study re
quests that those who have not yet
sent in their answers do so prompt
ly.
Sixty-five per cent of the ques
tionnaires sent out by the Study of
Undergraduate Education to the
graduating senior class were re
turned by Saturday. The Study re
quests that those who have not yet
sent in their answers do so prompt
ly.
Sixty-five per cent of the ques
tionnaires sent out by the Study of
Undergraduate Education to the
graduating senior class were re
turned by Saturday. The Study re
quests that those who have not yet
sent in their answers do so prompt
ly.
Sixty-five per cent of the ques
tionnaires sent out by the Study of
Undergraduate Education to the
graduating senior class were re
turned by Saturday. The Study re
quests that those who have not yet
sent in their answers do so prompt
ly.
Sixty-five per cent of the ques
tionnaires sent out by the Study of
Undergraduate Education to the
graduating senior class were re
turned by Saturday. The Study re
quests that those who have not yet
sent in their answers do so prompt
ly.
