# NCAA PLAYOFFS
## 
### 
The powerful USC baseballers,
Pacific Coast Conference champions,
will meet Fresno State over the
weekend in Los Angeles to decide
the Eighth District representative
for the NCAA finals which will be
held in Omaha.
Fresno trounced San Jose, 5-1, on
Monday for the right to play the I
Trojans.
The powerful USC baseballers,
Pacific Coast Conference champions,
will meet Fresno State over the
weekend in Los Angeles to decide
the Eighth District representative
for the NCAA finals which will be
held in Omaha.
Fresno trounced San Jose, 5-1, on
Monday for the right to play the I
Trojans.
The powerful USC baseballers,
Pacific Coast Conference champions,
will meet Fresno State over the
weekend in Los Angeles to decide
the Eighth District representative
for the NCAA finals which will be
held in Omaha.
Fresno trounced San Jose, 5-1, on
Monday for the right to play the I
Trojans.
The powerful USC baseballers,
Pacific Coast Conference champions,
will meet Fresno State over the
weekend in Los Angeles to decide
the Eighth District representative
for the NCAA finals which will be
held in Omaha.
Fresno trounced San Jose, 5-1, on
Monday for the right to play the I
Trojans.
The powerful USC baseballers,
Pacific Coast Conference champions,
will meet Fresno State over the
weekend in Los Angeles to decide
the Eighth District representative
for the NCAA finals which will be
held in Omaha.
Fresno trounced San Jose, 5-1, on
Monday for the right to play the I
Trojans.
The powerful USC baseballers,
Pacific Coast Conference champions,
will meet Fresno State over the
weekend in Los Angeles to decide
the Eighth District representative
for the NCAA finals which will be
held in Omaha.
Fresno trounced San Jose, 5-1, on
Monday for the right to play the I
Trojans.
The powerful USC baseballers,
Pacific Coast Conference champions,
will meet Fresno State over the
weekend in Los Angeles to decide
the Eighth District representative
for the NCAA finals which will be
held in Omaha.
Fresno trounced San Jose, 5-1, on
Monday for the right to play the I
Trojans.
The powerful USC baseballers,
Pacific Coast Conference champions,
will meet Fresno State over the
weekend in Los Angeles to decide
the Eighth District representative
for the NCAA finals which will be
held in Omaha.
Fresno trounced San Jose, 5-1, on
Monday for the right to play the I
Trojans.
The powerful USC baseballers,
Pacific Coast Conference champions,
will meet Fresno State over the
weekend in Los Angeles to decide
the Eighth District representative
for the NCAA finals which will be
held in Omaha.
Fresno trounced San Jose, 5-1, on
Monday for the right to play the I
Trojans.
The powerful USC baseballers,
Pacific Coast Conference champions,
will meet Fresno State over the
weekend in Los Angeles to decide
the Eighth District representative
for the NCAA finals which will be
held in Omaha.
Fresno trounced San Jose, 5-1, on
Monday for the right to play the I
Trojans.
The powerful USC baseballers,
Pacific Coast Conference champions,
will meet Fresno State over the
weekend in Los Angeles to decide
the Eighth District representative
for the NCAA finals which will be
held in Omaha.
Fresno trounced San Jose, 5-1, on
Monday for the right to play the I
Trojans.
The powerful USC baseballers,
Pacific Coast Conference champions,
will meet Fresno State over the
weekend in Los Angeles to decide
the Eighth District representative
for the NCAA finals which will be
held in Omaha.
Fresno trounced San Jose, 5-1, on
Monday for the right to play the I
Trojans.
The powerful USC baseballers,
Pacific Coast Conference champions,
will meet Fresno State over the
weekend in Los Angeles to decide
the Eighth District representative
for the NCAA finals which will be
held in Omaha.
Fresno trounced San Jose, 5-1, on
Monday for the right to play the I
Trojans.
The powerful USC baseballers,
Pacific Coast Conference champions,
will meet Fresno State over the
weekend in Los Angeles to decide
the Eighth District representative
for the NCAA finals which will be
held in Omaha.
Fresno trounced San Jose, 5-1, on
Monday for the right to play the I
Trojans.
The powerful USC baseballers,
Pacific Coast Conference champions,
will meet Fresno State over the
weekend in Los Angeles to decide
the Eighth District representative
for the NCAA finals which will be
held in Omaha.
Fresno trounced San Jose, 5-1, on
Monday for the right to play the I
Trojans.
