# Philological Association to Meet.
## 
### 
The University Philological As
sociation will meet at '2:30 on
Thursday in room 31. Two papers
will he read, one hy Professor 0.
M. Johnston on the "Sources of the
Spanish Ballad, Don Garcia," and
the other hy Mr. E. W. Martin on
the "Dorivation of Leescinia--the
Latin Nightingale."
The University Philological As
sociation will meet at '2:30 on
Thursday in room 31. Two papers
will he read, one hy Professor 0.
M. Johnston on the "Sources of the
Spanish Ballad, Don Garcia," and
the other hy Mr. E. W. Martin on
the "Dorivation of Leescinia--the
Latin Nightingale."
The University Philological As
sociation will meet at '2:30 on
Thursday in room 31. Two papers
will he read, one hy Professor 0.
M. Johnston on the "Sources of the
Spanish Ballad, Don Garcia," and
the other hy Mr. E. W. Martin on
the "Dorivation of Leescinia--the
Latin Nightingale."
The University Philological As
sociation will meet at '2:30 on
Thursday in room 31. Two papers
will he read, one hy Professor 0.
M. Johnston on the "Sources of the
Spanish Ballad, Don Garcia," and
the other hy Mr. E. W. Martin on
the "Dorivation of Leescinia--the
Latin Nightingale."
The University Philological As
sociation will meet at '2:30 on
Thursday in room 31. Two papers
will he read, one hy Professor 0.
M. Johnston on the "Sources of the
Spanish Ballad, Don Garcia," and
the other hy Mr. E. W. Martin on
the "Dorivation of Leescinia--the
Latin Nightingale."
The University Philological As
sociation will meet at '2:30 on
Thursday in room 31. Two papers
will he read, one hy Professor 0.
M. Johnston on the "Sources of the
Spanish Ballad, Don Garcia," and
the other hy Mr. E. W. Martin on
the "Dorivation of Leescinia--the
Latin Nightingale."
The University Philological As
sociation will meet at '2:30 on
Thursday in room 31. Two papers
will he read, one hy Professor 0.
M. Johnston on the "Sources of the
Spanish Ballad, Don Garcia," and
the other hy Mr. E. W. Martin on
the "Dorivation of Leescinia--the
Latin Nightingale."
The University Philological As
sociation will meet at '2:30 on
Thursday in room 31. Two papers
will he read, one hy Professor 0.
M. Johnston on the "Sources of the
Spanish Ballad, Don Garcia," and
the other hy Mr. E. W. Martin on
the "Dorivation of Leescinia--the
Latin Nightingale."
