# Open Air Work at Amherst.
## 
### 
A recently published report from
the department of physical culture
of Amherst College in regard to an
experiment in open air athletics
shows remarkable results. Some
ninety freshmen who heretofore had
exercised in the gymnasium with
dumb-bells, this year were taken to
Pratt field every day and put
through regular athletic work, the
class being divided into squads ac
cording to ability. At the end of
the outdoor training these men,who
had been weighed and measured at
the beginning of the training, were
again examined and great improve
ment in their physical condition
was found. Each man has grown
an average of one-fifth of an inch
taller and increased in weight seven
pounds..
