# Adv. 13 Page 3
## 
### 
CAREERS
IN STEEL
bethIEHEM
STEEL
Our representative
will be on campus
January 12
to interview undergraduate
and graduate candidates for
Bethlehem's 1966 Loop
i Course training program.
OPPORTUNITIES are
available for men interested
in steel plant operations,
sales, research, mining, ac
counting, and other activi
ties.
DEGREES required are
mechanical, metallurgical,
electrical, chemical, indus
trial, civil, mining, and
other engineering special
ties; also chemistry, phy
sics, mathematics, business
administration, and liberal
arts.
If you would like to discuss
your career interest with a
Bethlehem representative,
see your placement officer
to arrange for an interview
appointment.
An Equal Opportunity
Employer in the Plans for
Progress Program
BETHLEHEM
STEEL
CAREERS
IN STEEL
bethIEHEM
STEEL
Our representative
will be on campus
January 12
to interview undergraduate
and graduate candidates for
Bethlehem's 1966 Loop
i Course training program.
OPPORTUNITIES are
available for men interested
in steel plant operations,
sales, research, mining, ac
counting, and other activi
ties.
DEGREES required are
mechanical, metallurgical,
electrical, chemical, indus
trial, civil, mining, and
other engineering special
ties; also chemistry, phy
sics, mathematics, business
administration, and liberal
arts.
If you would like to discuss
your career interest with a
Bethlehem representative,
see your placement officer
to arrange for an interview
appointment.
An Equal Opportunity
Employer in the Plans for
Progress Program
BETHLEHEM
STEEL
CAREERS
IN STEEL
bethIEHEM
STEEL
Our representative
will be on campus
January 12
to interview undergraduate
and graduate candidates for
Bethlehem's 1966 Loop
i Course training program.
OPPORTUNITIES are
available for men interested
in steel plant operations,
sales, research, mining, ac
counting, and other activi
ties.
DEGREES required are
mechanical, metallurgical,
electrical, chemical, indus
trial, civil, mining, and
other engineering special
ties; also chemistry, phy
sics, mathematics, business
administration, and liberal
arts.
If you would like to discuss
your career interest with a
Bethlehem representative,
see your placement officer
to arrange for an interview
appointment.
An Equal Opportunity
Employer in the Plans for
Progress Program
BETHLEHEM
STEEL
CAREERS
IN STEEL
bethIEHEM
STEEL
Our representative
will be on campus
January 12
to interview undergraduate
and graduate candidates for
Bethlehem's 1966 Loop
i Course training program.
OPPORTUNITIES are
available for men interested
in steel plant operations,
sales, research, mining, ac
counting, and other activi
ties.
DEGREES required are
mechanical, metallurgical,
electrical, chemical, indus
trial, civil, mining, and
other engineering special
ties; also chemistry, phy
sics, mathematics, business
administration, and liberal
arts.
If you would like to discuss
your career interest with a
Bethlehem representative,
see your placement officer
to arrange for an interview
appointment.
An Equal Opportunity
Employer in the Plans for
Progress Program
BETHLEHEM
STEEL
CAREERS
IN STEEL
bethIEHEM
STEEL
Our representative
will be on campus
January 12
to interview undergraduate
and graduate candidates for
Bethlehem's 1966 Loop
i Course training program.
OPPORTUNITIES are
available for men interested
in steel plant operations,
sales, research, mining, ac
counting, and other activi
ties.
DEGREES required are
mechanical, metallurgical,
electrical, chemical, indus
trial, civil, mining, and
other engineering special
ties; also chemistry, phy
sics, mathematics, business
administration, and liberal
arts.
If you would like to discuss
your career interest with a
Bethlehem representative,
see your placement officer
to arrange for an interview
appointment.
An Equal Opportunity
Employer in the Plans for
Progress Program
BETHLEHEM
STEEL
CAREERS
IN STEEL
bethIEHEM
STEEL
Our representative
will be on campus
January 12
to interview undergraduate
and graduate candidates for
Bethlehem's 1966 Loop
i Course training program.
OPPORTUNITIES are
available for men interested
in steel plant operations,
sales, research, mining, ac
counting, and other activi
ties.
DEGREES required are
mechanical, metallurgical,
electrical, chemical, indus
trial, civil, mining, and
other engineering special
ties; also chemistry, phy
sics, mathematics, business
administration, and liberal
arts.
If you would like to discuss
your career interest with a
Bethlehem representative,
see your placement officer
to arrange for an interview
appointment.
An Equal Opportunity
Employer in the Plans for
Progress Program
BETHLEHEM
STEEL
CAREERS
IN STEEL
bethIEHEM
STEEL
Our representative
will be on campus
January 12
to interview undergraduate
and graduate candidates for
Bethlehem's 1966 Loop
i Course training program.
OPPORTUNITIES are
available for men interested
in steel plant operations,
sales, research, mining, ac
counting, and other activi
ties.
DEGREES required are
mechanical, metallurgical,
electrical, chemical, indus
trial, civil, mining, and
other engineering special
ties; also chemistry, phy
sics, mathematics, business
administration, and liberal
arts.
If you would like to discuss
your career interest with a
Bethlehem representative,
see your placement officer
to arrange for an interview
appointment.
An Equal Opportunity
Employer in the Plans for
Progress Program
BETHLEHEM
STEEL
CAREERS
IN STEEL
bethIEHEM
STEEL
Our representative
will be on campus
January 12
to interview undergraduate
and graduate candidates for
Bethlehem's 1966 Loop
i Course training program.
OPPORTUNITIES are
available for men interested
in steel plant operations,
sales, research, mining, ac
counting, and other activi
ties.
DEGREES required are
mechanical, metallurgical,
electrical, chemical, indus
trial, civil, mining, and
other engineering special
ties; also chemistry, phy
sics, mathematics, business
administration, and liberal
arts.
If you would like to discuss
your career interest with a
Bethlehem representative,
see your placement officer
to arrange for an interview
appointment.
An Equal Opportunity
Employer in the Plans for
Progress Program
BETHLEHEM
STEEL
CAREERS
IN STEEL
bethIEHEM
STEEL
Our representative
will be on campus
January 12
to interview undergraduate
and graduate candidates for
Bethlehem's 1966 Loop
i Course training program.
OPPORTUNITIES are
available for men interested
in steel plant operations,
sales, research, mining, ac
counting, and other activi
ties.
DEGREES required are
mechanical, metallurgical,
electrical, chemical, indus
trial, civil, mining, and
other engineering special
ties; also chemistry, phy
sics, mathematics, business
administration, and liberal
arts.
If you would like to discuss
your career interest with a
Bethlehem representative,
see your placement officer
to arrange for an interview
appointment.
An Equal Opportunity
Employer in the Plans for
Progress Program
BETHLEHEM
STEEL
CAREERS
IN STEEL
bethIEHEM
STEEL
Our representative
will be on campus
January 12
to interview undergraduate
and graduate candidates for
Bethlehem's 1966 Loop
i Course training program.
OPPORTUNITIES are
available for men interested
in steel plant operations,
sales, research, mining, ac
counting, and other activi
ties.
DEGREES required are
mechanical, metallurgical,
electrical, chemical, indus
trial, civil, mining, and
other engineering special
ties; also chemistry, phy
sics, mathematics, business
administration, and liberal
arts.
If you would like to discuss
your career interest with a
Bethlehem representative,
see your placement officer
to arrange for an interview
appointment.
An Equal Opportunity
Employer in the Plans for
Progress Program
BETHLEHEM
STEEL
CAREERS
IN STEEL
bethIEHEM
STEEL
Our representative
will be on campus
January 12
to interview undergraduate
and graduate candidates for
Bethlehem's 1966 Loop
i Course training program.
OPPORTUNITIES are
available for men interested
in steel plant operations,
sales, research, mining, ac
counting, and other activi
ties.
DEGREES required are
mechanical, metallurgical,
electrical, chemical, indus
trial, civil, mining, and
other engineering special
ties; also chemistry, phy
sics, mathematics, business
administration, and liberal
arts.
If you would like to discuss
your career interest with a
Bethlehem representative,
see your placement officer
to arrange for an interview
appointment.
An Equal Opportunity
Employer in the Plans for
Progress Program
BETHLEHEM
STEEL
CAREERS
IN STEEL
bethIEHEM
STEEL
Our representative
will be on campus
January 12
to interview undergraduate
and graduate candidates for
Bethlehem's 1966 Loop
i Course training program.
OPPORTUNITIES are
available for men interested
in steel plant operations,
sales, research, mining, ac
counting, and other activi
ties.
DEGREES required are
mechanical, metallurgical,
electrical, chemical, indus
trial, civil, mining, and
other engineering special
ties; also chemistry, phy
sics, mathematics, business
administration, and liberal
arts.
If you would like to discuss
your career interest with a
Bethlehem representative,
see your placement officer
to arrange for an interview
appointment.
An Equal Opportunity
Employer in the Plans for
Progress Program
BETHLEHEM
STEEL
CAREERS
IN STEEL
bethIEHEM
STEEL
Our representative
will be on campus
January 12
to interview undergraduate
and graduate candidates for
Bethlehem's 1966 Loop
i Course training program.
OPPORTUNITIES are
available for men interested
in steel plant operations,
sales, research, mining, ac
counting, and other activi
ties.
DEGREES required are
mechanical, metallurgical,
electrical, chemical, indus
trial, civil, mining, and
other engineering special
ties; also chemistry, phy
sics, mathematics, business
administration, and liberal
arts.
If you would like to discuss
your career interest with a
Bethlehem representative,
see your placement officer
to arrange for an interview
appointment.
An Equal Opportunity
Employer in the Plans for
Progress Program
BETHLEHEM
STEEL
CAREERS
IN STEEL
bethIEHEM
STEEL
Our representative
will be on campus
January 12
to interview undergraduate
and graduate candidates for
Bethlehem's 1966 Loop
i Course training program.
OPPORTUNITIES are
available for men interested
in steel plant operations,
sales, research, mining, ac
counting, and other activi
ties.
DEGREES required are
mechanical, metallurgical,
electrical, chemical, indus
trial, civil, mining, and
other engineering special
ties; also chemistry, phy
sics, mathematics, business
administration, and liberal
arts.
If you would like to discuss
your career interest with a
Bethlehem representative,
see your placement officer
to arrange for an interview
appointment.
An Equal Opportunity
Employer in the Plans for
Progress Program
BETHLEHEM
STEEL
CAREERS
IN STEEL
bethIEHEM
STEEL
Our representative
will be on campus
January 12
to interview undergraduate
and graduate candidates for
Bethlehem's 1966 Loop
i Course training program.
OPPORTUNITIES are
available for men interested
in steel plant operations,
sales, research, mining, ac
counting, and other activi
ties.
DEGREES required are
mechanical, metallurgical,
electrical, chemical, indus
trial, civil, mining, and
other engineering special
ties; also chemistry, phy
sics, mathematics, business
administration, and liberal
arts.
If you would like to discuss
your career interest with a
Bethlehem representative,
see your placement officer
to arrange for an interview
appointment.
An Equal Opportunity
Employer in the Plans for
Progress Program
BETHLEHEM
STEEL
