# STUDENTS HURT IN AUTO COLLISION ON BAY SHORE HIGHWAY
## 
### 
Four Stanford students were in
jured in an automobile crash Mon
day night when the car in which
they were riding was struck by a
passing machine on the Bay Shore
Highway. Madeleine Speik was
taken to the Palo Alto Hospital yes
terday and Hubert Butler, who was
driving, is in Mills Memorial Hos
pital, suffering from a broken leg.
Louise Nelson and Emmett Wilson,
who received less serious cuts and
bruises, have returned to the cam
pus.

The accident occurred about 10
o'clock Monday night, when the
hub caps of a car passing in the
opposite direction became locked
with those of the Stanford car and
spun it around. The other machine
plunged into the bay. Both automo
biles were badly wrecked by Ihe
collision.
