# Spring Water Polo Starts
## 
### 
Spring practice for water pole
begins Saturday. All interestec
meet at the pool at 9:00.
Spring practice for water pole
begins Saturday. All interestec
meet at the pool at 9:00.
Spring practice for water pole
begins Saturday. All interestec
meet at the pool at 9:00.
Spring practice for water pole
begins Saturday. All interestec
meet at the pool at 9:00.
Spring practice for water pole
begins Saturday. All interestec
meet at the pool at 9:00.
Spring practice for water pole
begins Saturday. All interestec
meet at the pool at 9:00.
Spring practice for water pole
begins Saturday. All interestec
meet at the pool at 9:00.
Spring practice for water pole
begins Saturday. All interestec
meet at the pool at 9:00.
Spring practice for water pole
begins Saturday. All interestec
meet at the pool at 9:00.
Spring practice for water pole
begins Saturday. All interestec
meet at the pool at 9:00.
Spring practice for water pole
begins Saturday. All interestec
meet at the pool at 9:00.
Spring practice for water pole
begins Saturday. All interestec
meet at the pool at 9:00.
Spring practice for water pole
begins Saturday. All interestec
meet at the pool at 9:00.
Spring practice for water pole
begins Saturday. All interestec
meet at the pool at 9:00.
Spring practice for water pole
begins Saturday. All interestec
meet at the pool at 9:00.
Spring practice for water pole
begins Saturday. All interestec
meet at the pool at 9:00.
