# Once Around the Quad
## 
### 
African Seminar: 7 p.m., Room
62M.
Band: 10 a.m., Saturday, Band
Shack. Musicians, students and
alumni associated with the Stan
ford Band who are interested in
playing in Saturday's Varsity-
Alumni football game. A march
ing group will lead the alumni
from Memorial Auditorium to
Bowman Alumni House. Other in
terested musicians should be at
tin 1 Band Shack at 2:1;" p.m., Sat
urday. Wear white shirts. For
further information, call George
Sheldon, DA 2-1574.
Canterbury: noon-1 p.m., First
floor, Women's Clubhouse.
Freshman Choir: 5 p.m., Choii
Boom. Rehearsal, all requested to
attend. Men needed.
llillel Foundation: 1:1.1 p.m..
541 Stanford Ave. "The City Peo
ple of Israel," by Dr. Howard M.
Sachar.
lIR Yosemile Trip: Sign-tips
open until 5 p.m. tomorrow. The
trip is yfter Spring Sing.
Sequoia: after lecture by Wil

liam H. Whyte, Sequoia office.
Informal reception for Mr. Whyte.
Staff members only.
Stanford - in - Germany: 5 p.m.,
Frost Amphitheater. Spring Sing
practice.
Tail Beta Pi Slide Rule Course:
7:30 p.m., Room 264, Engineering
Corner. First lecture.
