# Famed Cartoonist Judges Beauty of Pacific's Coeds
## 
### 
Jefferson Machamer, famed cover
artist for College Humor, and illus
trator for various magazines, is to
be the sole judge in a beauty con
test at the College of the Pacific.
The five lucky coeds chosen from
25 photographs will have full page
portraits in the contest section of
the annual, "Naranjado." Each of
the sororities and Pacific Club are
submitting entires.
Jefferson Machamer, famed cover
artist for College Humor, and illus
trator for various magazines, is to
be the sole judge in a beauty con
test at the College of the Pacific.
The five lucky coeds chosen from
25 photographs will have full page
portraits in the contest section of
the annual, "Naranjado." Each of
the sororities and Pacific Club are
submitting entires.
Jefferson Machamer, famed cover
artist for College Humor, and illus
trator for various magazines, is to
be the sole judge in a beauty con
test at the College of the Pacific.
The five lucky coeds chosen from
25 photographs will have full page
portraits in the contest section of
the annual, "Naranjado." Each of
the sororities and Pacific Club are
submitting entires.
Jefferson Machamer, famed cover
artist for College Humor, and illus
trator for various magazines, is to
be the sole judge in a beauty con
test at the College of the Pacific.
The five lucky coeds chosen from
25 photographs will have full page
portraits in the contest section of
the annual, "Naranjado." Each of
the sororities and Pacific Club are
submitting entires.
Jefferson Machamer, famed cover
artist for College Humor, and illus
trator for various magazines, is to
be the sole judge in a beauty con
test at the College of the Pacific.
The five lucky coeds chosen from
25 photographs will have full page
portraits in the contest section of
the annual, "Naranjado." Each of
the sororities and Pacific Club are
submitting entires.
Jefferson Machamer, famed cover
artist for College Humor, and illus
trator for various magazines, is to
be the sole judge in a beauty con
test at the College of the Pacific.
The five lucky coeds chosen from
25 photographs will have full page
portraits in the contest section of
the annual, "Naranjado." Each of
the sororities and Pacific Club are
submitting entires.
Jefferson Machamer, famed cover
artist for College Humor, and illus
trator for various magazines, is to
be the sole judge in a beauty con
test at the College of the Pacific.
The five lucky coeds chosen from
25 photographs will have full page
portraits in the contest section of
the annual, "Naranjado." Each of
the sororities and Pacific Club are
submitting entires.
Jefferson Machamer, famed cover
artist for College Humor, and illus
trator for various magazines, is to
be the sole judge in a beauty con
test at the College of the Pacific.
The five lucky coeds chosen from
25 photographs will have full page
portraits in the contest section of
the annual, "Naranjado." Each of
the sororities and Pacific Club are
submitting entires.
Jefferson Machamer, famed cover
artist for College Humor, and illus
trator for various magazines, is to
be the sole judge in a beauty con
test at the College of the Pacific.
The five lucky coeds chosen from
25 photographs will have full page
portraits in the contest section of
the annual, "Naranjado." Each of
the sororities and Pacific Club are
submitting entires.
Jefferson Machamer, famed cover
artist for College Humor, and illus
trator for various magazines, is to
be the sole judge in a beauty con
test at the College of the Pacific.
The five lucky coeds chosen from
25 photographs will have full page
portraits in the contest section of
the annual, "Naranjado." Each of
the sororities and Pacific Club are
submitting entires.
Jefferson Machamer, famed cover
artist for College Humor, and illus
trator for various magazines, is to
be the sole judge in a beauty con
test at the College of the Pacific.
The five lucky coeds chosen from
25 photographs will have full page
portraits in the contest section of
the annual, "Naranjado." Each of
the sororities and Pacific Club are
submitting entires.
Jefferson Machamer, famed cover
artist for College Humor, and illus
trator for various magazines, is to
be the sole judge in a beauty con
test at the College of the Pacific.
The five lucky coeds chosen from
25 photographs will have full page
portraits in the contest section of
the annual, "Naranjado." Each of
the sororities and Pacific Club are
submitting entires.
Jefferson Machamer, famed cover
artist for College Humor, and illus
trator for various magazines, is to
be the sole judge in a beauty con
test at the College of the Pacific.
The five lucky coeds chosen from
25 photographs will have full page
portraits in the contest section of
the annual, "Naranjado." Each of
the sororities and Pacific Club are
submitting entires.
Jefferson Machamer, famed cover
artist for College Humor, and illus
trator for various magazines, is to
be the sole judge in a beauty con
test at the College of the Pacific.
The five lucky coeds chosen from
25 photographs will have full page
portraits in the contest section of
the annual, "Naranjado." Each of
the sororities and Pacific Club are
submitting entires.
Jefferson Machamer, famed cover
artist for College Humor, and illus
trator for various magazines, is to
be the sole judge in a beauty con
test at the College of the Pacific.
The five lucky coeds chosen from
25 photographs will have full page
portraits in the contest section of
the annual, "Naranjado." Each of
the sororities and Pacific Club are
submitting entires.
