# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
INDIANS
1
■
■
i
■
■
■
■
B
You know, in spite of
our frequent hammer
ing on the subject,
there might just be a
campus type or two
who hasn’t dug the
word on R A’s famous
Super Chg. This, as
you know, is the ac
commodating plan
that lets you buy what
you need, when you
need it (or even want
it) and take a long,
long time to pay, in
fact up to 12 months
in friendly install
ments. All it takes to
be a member is your
reg card.
%
■
■
■
■
I
■
♦
RQQS/ATKINS
INDIANS
1
■
■
i
■
■
■
■
B
You know, in spite of
our frequent hammer
ing on the subject,
there might just be a
campus type or two
who hasn’t dug the
word on R A’s famous
Super Chg. This, as
you know, is the ac
commodating plan
that lets you buy what
you need, when you
need it (or even want
it) and take a long,
long time to pay, in
fact up to 12 months
in friendly install
ments. All it takes to
be a member is your
reg card.
%
■
■
■
■
I
■
♦
RQQS/ATKINS
INDIANS
1
■
■
i
■
■
■
■
B
You know, in spite of
our frequent hammer
ing on the subject,
there might just be a
campus type or two
who hasn’t dug the
word on R A’s famous
Super Chg. This, as
you know, is the ac
commodating plan
that lets you buy what
you need, when you
need it (or even want
it) and take a long,
long time to pay, in
fact up to 12 months
in friendly install
ments. All it takes to
be a member is your
reg card.
%
■
■
■
■
I
■
♦
RQQS/ATKINS
INDIANS
1
■
■
i
■
■
■
■
B
You know, in spite of
our frequent hammer
ing on the subject,
there might just be a
campus type or two
who hasn’t dug the
word on R A’s famous
Super Chg. This, as
you know, is the ac
commodating plan
that lets you buy what
you need, when you
need it (or even want
it) and take a long,
long time to pay, in
fact up to 12 months
in friendly install
ments. All it takes to
be a member is your
reg card.
%
■
■
■
■
I
■
♦
RQQS/ATKINS
INDIANS
1
■
■
i
■
■
■
■
B
You know, in spite of
our frequent hammer
ing on the subject,
there might just be a
campus type or two
who hasn’t dug the
word on R A’s famous
Super Chg. This, as
you know, is the ac
commodating plan
that lets you buy what
you need, when you
need it (or even want
it) and take a long,
long time to pay, in
fact up to 12 months
in friendly install
ments. All it takes to
be a member is your
reg card.
%
■
■
■
■
I
■
♦
RQQS/ATKINS
INDIANS
1
■
■
i
■
■
■
■
B
You know, in spite of
our frequent hammer
ing on the subject,
there might just be a
campus type or two
who hasn’t dug the
word on R A’s famous
Super Chg. This, as
you know, is the ac
commodating plan
that lets you buy what
you need, when you
need it (or even want
it) and take a long,
long time to pay, in
fact up to 12 months
in friendly install
ments. All it takes to
be a member is your
reg card.
%
■
■
■
■
I
■
♦
RQQS/ATKINS
INDIANS
1
■
■
i
■
■
■
■
B
You know, in spite of
our frequent hammer
ing on the subject,
there might just be a
campus type or two
who hasn’t dug the
word on R A’s famous
Super Chg. This, as
you know, is the ac
commodating plan
that lets you buy what
you need, when you
need it (or even want
it) and take a long,
long time to pay, in
fact up to 12 months
in friendly install
ments. All it takes to
be a member is your
reg card.
%
■
■
■
■
I
■
♦
RQQS/ATKINS
INDIANS
1
■
■
i
■
■
■
■
B
You know, in spite of
our frequent hammer
ing on the subject,
there might just be a
campus type or two
who hasn’t dug the
word on R A’s famous
Super Chg. This, as
you know, is the ac
commodating plan
that lets you buy what
you need, when you
need it (or even want
it) and take a long,
long time to pay, in
fact up to 12 months
in friendly install
ments. All it takes to
be a member is your
reg card.
%
■
■
■
■
I
■
♦
RQQS/ATKINS
INDIANS
1
■
■
i
■
■
■
■
B
You know, in spite of
our frequent hammer
ing on the subject,
there might just be a
campus type or two
who hasn’t dug the
word on R A’s famous
Super Chg. This, as
you know, is the ac
commodating plan
that lets you buy what
you need, when you
need it (or even want
it) and take a long,
long time to pay, in
fact up to 12 months
in friendly install
ments. All it takes to
be a member is your
reg card.
%
■
■
■
■
I
■
♦
RQQS/ATKINS
INDIANS
1
■
■
i
■
■
■
■
B
You know, in spite of
our frequent hammer
ing on the subject,
there might just be a
campus type or two
who hasn’t dug the
word on R A’s famous
Super Chg. This, as
you know, is the ac
commodating plan
that lets you buy what
you need, when you
need it (or even want
it) and take a long,
long time to pay, in
fact up to 12 months
in friendly install
ments. All it takes to
be a member is your
reg card.
%
■
■
■
■
I
■
♦
RQQS/ATKINS
INDIANS
1
■
■
i
■
■
■
■
B
You know, in spite of
our frequent hammer
ing on the subject,
there might just be a
campus type or two
who hasn’t dug the
word on R A’s famous
Super Chg. This, as
you know, is the ac
commodating plan
that lets you buy what
you need, when you
need it (or even want
it) and take a long,
long time to pay, in
fact up to 12 months
in friendly install
ments. All it takes to
be a member is your
reg card.
%
■
■
■
■
I
■
♦
RQQS/ATKINS
INDIANS
1
■
■
i
■
■
■
■
B
You know, in spite of
our frequent hammer
ing on the subject,
there might just be a
campus type or two
who hasn’t dug the
word on R A’s famous
Super Chg. This, as
you know, is the ac
commodating plan
that lets you buy what
you need, when you
need it (or even want
it) and take a long,
long time to pay, in
fact up to 12 months
in friendly install
ments. All it takes to
be a member is your
reg card.
%
■
■
■
■
I
■
♦
RQQS/ATKINS
INDIANS
1
■
■
i
■
■
■
■
B
You know, in spite of
our frequent hammer
ing on the subject,
there might just be a
campus type or two
who hasn’t dug the
word on R A’s famous
Super Chg. This, as
you know, is the ac
commodating plan
that lets you buy what
you need, when you
need it (or even want
it) and take a long,
long time to pay, in
fact up to 12 months
in friendly install
ments. All it takes to
be a member is your
reg card.
%
■
■
■
■
I
■
♦
RQQS/ATKINS
INDIANS
1
■
■
i
■
■
■
■
B
You know, in spite of
our frequent hammer
ing on the subject,
there might just be a
campus type or two
who hasn’t dug the
word on R A’s famous
Super Chg. This, as
you know, is the ac
commodating plan
that lets you buy what
you need, when you
need it (or even want
it) and take a long,
long time to pay, in
fact up to 12 months
in friendly install
ments. All it takes to
be a member is your
reg card.
%
■
■
■
■
I
■
♦
RQQS/ATKINS
INDIANS
1
■
■
i
■
■
■
■
B
You know, in spite of
our frequent hammer
ing on the subject,
there might just be a
campus type or two
who hasn’t dug the
word on R A’s famous
Super Chg. This, as
you know, is the ac
commodating plan
that lets you buy what
you need, when you
need it (or even want
it) and take a long,
long time to pay, in
fact up to 12 months
in friendly install
ments. All it takes to
be a member is your
reg card.
%
■
■
■
■
I
■
♦
RQQS/ATKINS
