# Adv. 3 Page 2
## 
### 
ENGAGEMENT
Casa Olivo announces the en
gagement of Janet Hale, Class of
’64, to Hartwell Long, Class of
'62, and Graduate School of En
gineering, Department of Aero
nautics and Astronautics.
ENGAGEMENT
Casa Olivo announces the en
gagement of Janet Hale, Class of
’64, to Hartwell Long, Class of
'62, and Graduate School of En
gineering, Department of Aero
nautics and Astronautics.
ENGAGEMENT
Casa Olivo announces the en
gagement of Janet Hale, Class of
’64, to Hartwell Long, Class of
'62, and Graduate School of En
gineering, Department of Aero
nautics and Astronautics.
ENGAGEMENT
Casa Olivo announces the en
gagement of Janet Hale, Class of
’64, to Hartwell Long, Class of
'62, and Graduate School of En
gineering, Department of Aero
nautics and Astronautics.
ENGAGEMENT
Casa Olivo announces the en
gagement of Janet Hale, Class of
’64, to Hartwell Long, Class of
'62, and Graduate School of En
gineering, Department of Aero
nautics and Astronautics.
ENGAGEMENT
Casa Olivo announces the en
gagement of Janet Hale, Class of
’64, to Hartwell Long, Class of
'62, and Graduate School of En
gineering, Department of Aero
nautics and Astronautics.
ENGAGEMENT
Casa Olivo announces the en
gagement of Janet Hale, Class of
’64, to Hartwell Long, Class of
'62, and Graduate School of En
gineering, Department of Aero
nautics and Astronautics.
ENGAGEMENT
Casa Olivo announces the en
gagement of Janet Hale, Class of
’64, to Hartwell Long, Class of
'62, and Graduate School of En
gineering, Department of Aero
nautics and Astronautics.
ENGAGEMENT
Casa Olivo announces the en
gagement of Janet Hale, Class of
’64, to Hartwell Long, Class of
'62, and Graduate School of En
gineering, Department of Aero
nautics and Astronautics.
ENGAGEMENT
Casa Olivo announces the en
gagement of Janet Hale, Class of
’64, to Hartwell Long, Class of
'62, and Graduate School of En
gineering, Department of Aero
nautics and Astronautics.
ENGAGEMENT
Casa Olivo announces the en
gagement of Janet Hale, Class of
’64, to Hartwell Long, Class of
'62, and Graduate School of En
gineering, Department of Aero
nautics and Astronautics.
ENGAGEMENT
Casa Olivo announces the en
gagement of Janet Hale, Class of
’64, to Hartwell Long, Class of
'62, and Graduate School of En
gineering, Department of Aero
nautics and Astronautics.
ENGAGEMENT
Casa Olivo announces the en
gagement of Janet Hale, Class of
’64, to Hartwell Long, Class of
'62, and Graduate School of En
gineering, Department of Aero
nautics and Astronautics.
ENGAGEMENT
Casa Olivo announces the en
gagement of Janet Hale, Class of
’64, to Hartwell Long, Class of
'62, and Graduate School of En
gineering, Department of Aero
nautics and Astronautics.
ENGAGEMENT
Casa Olivo announces the en
gagement of Janet Hale, Class of
’64, to Hartwell Long, Class of
'62, and Graduate School of En
gineering, Department of Aero
nautics and Astronautics.
