# Charles Beye Awarded Grant for Rome Study
## 
### 
Dr. Charles Beye, of the Clas
sics Department was recently
awarded the Olivia James Fellow
ship for study and travel in the
Mediterranean area by the Ar
cheological Institution of Ameri
ca. This fellowship was initiated
last year and is awarded to one
scholar per year in the United
States.
Dr. Beye will be studying “Ge
ographical Reality in the Descrip
tion of Place Names in Greek
Epic.” Homeric epic has inter
ested him for many years having
constituted the subject of his dis
sertation as well as several ar
ticles.
Beye and his wife and four chil
dren will bo living in Rome dur
ing the study. Ho will return to
Stanford in the Fall of 1964.
