# Handicapped Children's Camp Seeks Leaders
## 
### 
Camp Sierra for mentally han
dicapped children, is seeking col
lege-age counselors for this sum
merâ€™s sessions. Director Mrs.
Merle Wilson will speak on the
camp and its objectives today at
3 p.m. at Room 282 in Tresidder.
Slides will be shown.
The camp is a non-profit or
ganization dedicated to providing
a camping experience for children
who would otherwise be denied
this privilege due to the nature
of their disability. The campers
range from 8 years up and are
mentally retarded or multiple
handicapped.
The camp will meet at Camp
Judge Bray in the Sierra Nevadas
from August 1 to Sept. 1. There
are four sessions, and counselors
may work for one, two, three or
four weeks. Staff members are
desired who have qualities of
character and leadership and who
enjoy working with children.
Upper division college credit
is available to qualified person
nel at the rate of one credit per
week through Sacramento State
College.
