# ZEALANDERS TAKE STEPS TO SUBDUE SAMOANS BY FORCE
## 
### 
AI'IA, Western Samoa, Jan. 13 (/P)
The New Zealand government took
measures today to end by force of
arms the long resistance of Sanioan
natives to its authority.
Colonel S. S. Allen, the adminis
trator, in accordance with the order
in council adopted at Wellington Sat
urday, issued a proclamation today
declaring the Man (League of Sa
nioau Natives) a seditious organiza
tion, and took steps to suppress it.
Summoned from New Zealand in
consequence of a tight December 2<B
in which tight natives and one white
constable were killed, the cruiser
Duncdiu arrived yesterday. She
brought police reinforcements to sus
tain the administrator's authority.
Parties landed from the warship
todaj under orders to proceed west
ward to Saleitnoa. eleven miles from
Apia, where the majority of the Man
supporters were believed to be lo
cated.
Policc po,ts at Apia, Leulumoega,
and Mulipanua have been reinforced
by marines and a military radio post
established at Mulipanua.
