# TUNNEY AWARDS TO BE GIVEN WINNERS OF BOXING MATCHES
## 
### 
I.imenc 'I uuuey, former worlds
heavyweight boxing champion, will
fiinii.h flu gold medals to IÂ»c award
ed winners ol the all-University box
in;', tournament, according to the an
ii"uncenicnt mack' last night by Box
ing Coach Harry Maloney.
I'iiliv list for the tourney have
In in (in led in the boxing gallery al
the fjvmna iuni, and preliminary bouts
in the milt dinging carnival will be
h< Id mi January 27, with final anc
semi final bouts set lor the Pavilion
mm January 30.
The all-1 '.Diversity tournament, an
animal affair, is open to all regis
tered students of the University, and
off its llarrv Maloney an excellent
opportunity to size up varsity boxing
material. Some excellent matches
should be forthcoming, for in more
than one division several men will be
battling for first ranking in their
wrrjit 111(I the-privilege of rcpre-
I'lilini; Stanford in intercollegiate
competition which is at stake.
