# AFL-NFL Merger Plans Bog Down
## 
### 
WASHINGTON (AP> —Pros
pects for merger of the National
and American Football Leagues
dimmed today with collapse of
an effort to work out an anti
trust exemption for the com
bine.
Counsel for the Leagues and
k he House Anti-trust Subcom
mittee came to an impasse on
terms of a proposed law, leav
ing it unlikely a bill can be
passed before next week's
planned adjournment of con
gress.
Chairman Emanuel C e 11 e r
'D-N.Y.), of the subcommittee,
indicated at a hearing Tuesday
that he would go along with an
exemption limited strictly to
consolidation of the leagues.
In the absence of an accept
able agreement between the
lawyers, Celler took a solid
♦and against speed-up action.
