# HONKS WILL DO IT!
## 
### 
Herbie Hinks, an ace for Stan
ford, announced today that he
will do it again November 5. "I
will do it again November 5,"
said Hinks. Hinks is an ace for
Stanford.
Herbie Hinks, an ace for Stan
ford, announced today that he
will do it again November 5. "I
will do it again November 5,"
said Hinks. Hinks is an ace for
Stanford.
Herbie Hinks, an ace for Stan
ford, announced today that he
will do it again November 5. "I
will do it again November 5,"
said Hinks. Hinks is an ace for
Stanford.
Herbie Hinks, an ace for Stan
ford, announced today that he
will do it again November 5. "I
will do it again November 5,"
said Hinks. Hinks is an ace for
Stanford.
Herbie Hinks, an ace for Stan
ford, announced today that he
will do it again November 5. "I
will do it again November 5,"
said Hinks. Hinks is an ace for
Stanford.
Herbie Hinks, an ace for Stan
ford, announced today that he
will do it again November 5. "I
will do it again November 5,"
said Hinks. Hinks is an ace for
Stanford.
Herbie Hinks, an ace for Stan
ford, announced today that he
will do it again November 5. "I
will do it again November 5,"
said Hinks. Hinks is an ace for
Stanford.
Herbie Hinks, an ace for Stan
ford, announced today that he
will do it again November 5. "I
will do it again November 5,"
said Hinks. Hinks is an ace for
Stanford.
Herbie Hinks, an ace for Stan
ford, announced today that he
will do it again November 5. "I
will do it again November 5,"
said Hinks. Hinks is an ace for
Stanford.
Herbie Hinks, an ace for Stan
ford, announced today that he
will do it again November 5. "I
will do it again November 5,"
said Hinks. Hinks is an ace for
Stanford.
Herbie Hinks, an ace for Stan
ford, announced today that he
will do it again November 5. "I
will do it again November 5,"
said Hinks. Hinks is an ace for
Stanford.
Herbie Hinks, an ace for Stan
ford, announced today that he
will do it again November 5. "I
will do it again November 5,"
said Hinks. Hinks is an ace for
Stanford.
Herbie Hinks, an ace for Stan
ford, announced today that he
will do it again November 5. "I
will do it again November 5,"
said Hinks. Hinks is an ace for
Stanford.
Herbie Hinks, an ace for Stan
ford, announced today that he
will do it again November 5. "I
will do it again November 5,"
said Hinks. Hinks is an ace for
Stanford.
Herbie Hinks, an ace for Stan
ford, announced today that he
will do it again November 5. "I
will do it again November 5,"
said Hinks. Hinks is an ace for
Stanford.
Herbie Hinks, an ace for Stan
ford, announced today that he
will do it again November 5. "I
will do it again November 5,"
said Hinks. Hinks is an ace for
Stanford.
