# Generate
## 
### 
The "Generation," all nine strong,
will lend their vibrant new sound to
Theta Chi's traditional "Watermelon
Stomp" which immediately follows to
morrow's USC game.

The "Generation," all nine strong,
will lend their vibrant new sound to
Theta Chi's traditional "Watermelon
Stomp" which immediately follows to
morrow's USC game.

The "Generation," all nine strong,
will lend their vibrant new sound to
Theta Chi's traditional "Watermelon
Stomp" which immediately follows to
morrow's USC game.

The "Generation," all nine strong,
will lend their vibrant new sound to
Theta Chi's traditional "Watermelon
Stomp" which immediately follows to
morrow's USC game.

The "Generation," all nine strong,
will lend their vibrant new sound to
Theta Chi's traditional "Watermelon
Stomp" which immediately follows to
morrow's USC game.

The "Generation," all nine strong,
will lend their vibrant new sound to
Theta Chi's traditional "Watermelon
Stomp" which immediately follows to
morrow's USC game.

The "Generation," all nine strong,
will lend their vibrant new sound to
Theta Chi's traditional "Watermelon
Stomp" which immediately follows to
morrow's USC game.

The "Generation," all nine strong,
will lend their vibrant new sound to
Theta Chi's traditional "Watermelon
Stomp" which immediately follows to
morrow's USC game.

The "Generation," all nine strong,
will lend their vibrant new sound to
Theta Chi's traditional "Watermelon
Stomp" which immediately follows to
morrow's USC game.

The "Generation," all nine strong,
will lend their vibrant new sound to
Theta Chi's traditional "Watermelon
Stomp" which immediately follows to
morrow's USC game.

The "Generation," all nine strong,
will lend their vibrant new sound to
Theta Chi's traditional "Watermelon
Stomp" which immediately follows to
morrow's USC game.

The "Generation," all nine strong,
will lend their vibrant new sound to
Theta Chi's traditional "Watermelon
Stomp" which immediately follows to
morrow's USC game.

The "Generation," all nine strong,
will lend their vibrant new sound to
Theta Chi's traditional "Watermelon
Stomp" which immediately follows to
morrow's USC game.

The "Generation," all nine strong,
will lend their vibrant new sound to
Theta Chi's traditional "Watermelon
Stomp" which immediately follows to
morrow's USC game.

The "Generation," all nine strong,
will lend their vibrant new sound to
Theta Chi's traditional "Watermelon
Stomp" which immediately follows to
morrow's USC game.

The "Generation," all nine strong,
will lend their vibrant new sound to
Theta Chi's traditional "Watermelon
Stomp" which immediately follows to
morrow's USC game.

