# Junk
## 
### 
Hans Wehrli lurks around railroad
tracks and junk heaps to find raw
material for the sculptures he will ex
hibit Sunday in Donnor House. "Rem
ington Two," a neo-Cublst typewriter,
is a specimen of this spare-time art
which Wehrli finds "grows by itself,
almost out of your control."

Hans Wehrli lurks around railroad
tracks and junk heaps to find raw
material for the sculptures he will ex
hibit Sunday in Donnor House. "Rem
ington Two," a neo-Cublst typewriter,
is a specimen of this spare-time art
which Wehrli finds "grows by itself,
almost out of your control."

Hans Wehrli lurks around railroad
tracks and junk heaps to find raw
material for the sculptures he will ex
hibit Sunday in Donnor House. "Rem
ington Two," a neo-Cublst typewriter,
is a specimen of this spare-time art
which Wehrli finds "grows by itself,
almost out of your control."

Hans Wehrli lurks around railroad
tracks and junk heaps to find raw
material for the sculptures he will ex
hibit Sunday in Donnor House. "Rem
ington Two," a neo-Cublst typewriter,
is a specimen of this spare-time art
which Wehrli finds "grows by itself,
almost out of your control."

Hans Wehrli lurks around railroad
tracks and junk heaps to find raw
material for the sculptures he will ex
hibit Sunday in Donnor House. "Rem
ington Two," a neo-Cublst typewriter,
is a specimen of this spare-time art
which Wehrli finds "grows by itself,
almost out of your control."

Hans Wehrli lurks around railroad
tracks and junk heaps to find raw
material for the sculptures he will ex
hibit Sunday in Donnor House. "Rem
ington Two," a neo-Cublst typewriter,
is a specimen of this spare-time art
which Wehrli finds "grows by itself,
almost out of your control."

Hans Wehrli lurks around railroad
tracks and junk heaps to find raw
material for the sculptures he will ex
hibit Sunday in Donnor House. "Rem
ington Two," a neo-Cublst typewriter,
is a specimen of this spare-time art
which Wehrli finds "grows by itself,
almost out of your control."

Hans Wehrli lurks around railroad
tracks and junk heaps to find raw
material for the sculptures he will ex
hibit Sunday in Donnor House. "Rem
ington Two," a neo-Cublst typewriter,
is a specimen of this spare-time art
which Wehrli finds "grows by itself,
almost out of your control."

Hans Wehrli lurks around railroad
tracks and junk heaps to find raw
material for the sculptures he will ex
hibit Sunday in Donnor House. "Rem
ington Two," a neo-Cublst typewriter,
is a specimen of this spare-time art
which Wehrli finds "grows by itself,
almost out of your control."

Hans Wehrli lurks around railroad
tracks and junk heaps to find raw
material for the sculptures he will ex
hibit Sunday in Donnor House. "Rem
ington Two," a neo-Cublst typewriter,
is a specimen of this spare-time art
which Wehrli finds "grows by itself,
almost out of your control."

Hans Wehrli lurks around railroad
tracks and junk heaps to find raw
material for the sculptures he will ex
hibit Sunday in Donnor House. "Rem
ington Two," a neo-Cublst typewriter,
is a specimen of this spare-time art
which Wehrli finds "grows by itself,
almost out of your control."

Hans Wehrli lurks around railroad
tracks and junk heaps to find raw
material for the sculptures he will ex
hibit Sunday in Donnor House. "Rem
ington Two," a neo-Cublst typewriter,
is a specimen of this spare-time art
which Wehrli finds "grows by itself,
almost out of your control."

Hans Wehrli lurks around railroad
tracks and junk heaps to find raw
material for the sculptures he will ex
hibit Sunday in Donnor House. "Rem
ington Two," a neo-Cublst typewriter,
is a specimen of this spare-time art
which Wehrli finds "grows by itself,
almost out of your control."

Hans Wehrli lurks around railroad
tracks and junk heaps to find raw
material for the sculptures he will ex
hibit Sunday in Donnor House. "Rem
ington Two," a neo-Cublst typewriter,
is a specimen of this spare-time art
which Wehrli finds "grows by itself,
almost out of your control."

Hans Wehrli lurks around railroad
tracks and junk heaps to find raw
material for the sculptures he will ex
hibit Sunday in Donnor House. "Rem
ington Two," a neo-Cublst typewriter,
is a specimen of this spare-time art
which Wehrli finds "grows by itself,
almost out of your control."

Hans Wehrli lurks around railroad
tracks and junk heaps to find raw
material for the sculptures he will ex
hibit Sunday in Donnor House. "Rem
ington Two," a neo-Cublst typewriter,
is a specimen of this spare-time art
which Wehrli finds "grows by itself,
almost out of your control."

