# Article on the University.
## 
### 
"Richly Endowed Stanford Uni
versity," by W. H. Irwin, '99, ap
pears in the World's Work for May.
The article is an exhaustive one,
dealing with Stanford's history,
methods, and ideals. It is illus
trated by many half-tones from
photographs by W. J. Street,
and R. E. Warfield, '03. In the
same magazine is a character
sketch, "President Jordan of Stan
ford University," by F. B. Millard,
editor of the Sunday Examiner.
"Richly Endowed Stanford Uni
versity," by W. H. Irwin, '99, ap
pears in the World's Work for May.
The article is an exhaustive one,
dealing with Stanford's history,
methods, and ideals. It is illus
trated by many half-tones from
photographs by W. J. Street,
and R. E. Warfield, '03. In the
same magazine is a character
sketch, "President Jordan of Stan
ford University," by F. B. Millard,
editor of the Sunday Examiner.
"Richly Endowed Stanford Uni
versity," by W. H. Irwin, '99, ap
pears in the World's Work for May.
The article is an exhaustive one,
dealing with Stanford's history,
methods, and ideals. It is illus
trated by many half-tones from
photographs by W. J. Street,
and R. E. Warfield, '03. In the
same magazine is a character
sketch, "President Jordan of Stan
ford University," by F. B. Millard,
editor of the Sunday Examiner.
"Richly Endowed Stanford Uni
versity," by W. H. Irwin, '99, ap
pears in the World's Work for May.
The article is an exhaustive one,
dealing with Stanford's history,
methods, and ideals. It is illus
trated by many half-tones from
photographs by W. J. Street,
and R. E. Warfield, '03. In the
same magazine is a character
sketch, "President Jordan of Stan
ford University," by F. B. Millard,
editor of the Sunday Examiner.
"Richly Endowed Stanford Uni
versity," by W. H. Irwin, '99, ap
pears in the World's Work for May.
The article is an exhaustive one,
dealing with Stanford's history,
methods, and ideals. It is illus
trated by many half-tones from
photographs by W. J. Street,
and R. E. Warfield, '03. In the
same magazine is a character
sketch, "President Jordan of Stan
ford University," by F. B. Millard,
editor of the Sunday Examiner.
"Richly Endowed Stanford Uni
versity," by W. H. Irwin, '99, ap
pears in the World's Work for May.
The article is an exhaustive one,
dealing with Stanford's history,
methods, and ideals. It is illus
trated by many half-tones from
photographs by W. J. Street,
and R. E. Warfield, '03. In the
same magazine is a character
sketch, "President Jordan of Stan
ford University," by F. B. Millard,
editor of the Sunday Examiner.
"Richly Endowed Stanford Uni
versity," by W. H. Irwin, '99, ap
pears in the World's Work for May.
The article is an exhaustive one,
dealing with Stanford's history,
methods, and ideals. It is illus
trated by many half-tones from
photographs by W. J. Street,
and R. E. Warfield, '03. In the
same magazine is a character
sketch, "President Jordan of Stan
ford University," by F. B. Millard,
editor of the Sunday Examiner.
