# Java Jive
## 
### 

The Coffee House hosted representatives from various
coffee organizations yesterday in the Tresidder Union
courtyard. The event included both a contest to guess the

Greg Webb/Daily
number of coffee beans in a jar and the sampling of exotic
blends of coffee.

The Coffee House hosted representatives from various
coffee organizations yesterday in the Tresidder Union
courtyard. The event included both a contest to guess the

Greg Webb/Daily
number of coffee beans in a jar and the sampling of exotic
blends of coffee.

The Coffee House hosted representatives from various
coffee organizations yesterday in the Tresidder Union
courtyard. The event included both a contest to guess the

Greg Webb/Daily
number of coffee beans in a jar and the sampling of exotic
blends of coffee.

The Coffee House hosted representatives from various
coffee organizations yesterday in the Tresidder Union
courtyard. The event included both a contest to guess the

Greg Webb/Daily
number of coffee beans in a jar and the sampling of exotic
blends of coffee.

The Coffee House hosted representatives from various
coffee organizations yesterday in the Tresidder Union
courtyard. The event included both a contest to guess the

Greg Webb/Daily
number of coffee beans in a jar and the sampling of exotic
blends of coffee.

The Coffee House hosted representatives from various
coffee organizations yesterday in the Tresidder Union
courtyard. The event included both a contest to guess the

Greg Webb/Daily
number of coffee beans in a jar and the sampling of exotic
blends of coffee.

The Coffee House hosted representatives from various
coffee organizations yesterday in the Tresidder Union
courtyard. The event included both a contest to guess the

Greg Webb/Daily
number of coffee beans in a jar and the sampling of exotic
blends of coffee.

The Coffee House hosted representatives from various
coffee organizations yesterday in the Tresidder Union
courtyard. The event included both a contest to guess the

Greg Webb/Daily
number of coffee beans in a jar and the sampling of exotic
blends of coffee.
