# Untitled Article
## 
### 
CRUSHED
The Stanford football
team's loss to the
Oregon Ducks seals the
team's losing record.
SPORTS/7

THAT'S POLITICS
Bush mourns Sen. Paul
Wellstone's death and
supports a Republican
successor.
WORLD&NATION/3


CRUSHED
The Stanford football
team's loss to the
Oregon Ducks seals the
team's losing record.
SPORTS/7

THAT'S POLITICS
Bush mourns Sen. Paul
Wellstone's death and
supports a Republican
successor.
WORLD&NATION/3


CRUSHED
The Stanford football
team's loss to the
Oregon Ducks seals the
team's losing record.
SPORTS/7

THAT'S POLITICS
Bush mourns Sen. Paul
Wellstone's death and
supports a Republican
successor.
WORLD&NATION/3


CRUSHED
The Stanford football
team's loss to the
Oregon Ducks seals the
team's losing record.
SPORTS/7

THAT'S POLITICS
Bush mourns Sen. Paul
Wellstone's death and
supports a Republican
successor.
WORLD&NATION/3


CRUSHED
The Stanford football
team's loss to the
Oregon Ducks seals the
team's losing record.
SPORTS/7

THAT'S POLITICS
Bush mourns Sen. Paul
Wellstone's death and
supports a Republican
successor.
WORLD&NATION/3


CRUSHED
The Stanford football
team's loss to the
Oregon Ducks seals the
team's losing record.
SPORTS/7

THAT'S POLITICS
Bush mourns Sen. Paul
Wellstone's death and
supports a Republican
successor.
WORLD&NATION/3


CRUSHED
The Stanford football
team's loss to the
Oregon Ducks seals the
team's losing record.
SPORTS/7

THAT'S POLITICS
Bush mourns Sen. Paul
Wellstone's death and
supports a Republican
successor.
WORLD&NATION/3


CRUSHED
The Stanford football
team's loss to the
Oregon Ducks seals the
team's losing record.
SPORTS/7

THAT'S POLITICS
Bush mourns Sen. Paul
Wellstone's death and
supports a Republican
successor.
WORLD&NATION/3


