# STUDENTS CAN SECURE MANY OUTDOOR JOBS
## 
### 
An abundance of outdoor work is
available for students this month, the
Appointment Office announced today.
Students who may desire work are
asked to apply at once in order that
requests for student labor may be
satisfied. If the Appointment Office
cannot secure students to satisfy the
demand for labor this spring, jobs
will be more difficult to find in the
autumn.
An abundance of outdoor work is
available for students this month, the
Appointment Office announced today.
Students who may desire work are
asked to apply at once in order that
requests for student labor may be
satisfied. If the Appointment Office
cannot secure students to satisfy the
demand for labor this spring, jobs
will be more difficult to find in the
autumn.
An abundance of outdoor work is
available for students this month, the
Appointment Office announced today.
Students who may desire work are
asked to apply at once in order that
requests for student labor may be
satisfied. If the Appointment Office
cannot secure students to satisfy the
demand for labor this spring, jobs
will be more difficult to find in the
autumn.
An abundance of outdoor work is
available for students this month, the
Appointment Office announced today.
Students who may desire work are
asked to apply at once in order that
requests for student labor may be
satisfied. If the Appointment Office
cannot secure students to satisfy the
demand for labor this spring, jobs
will be more difficult to find in the
autumn.
An abundance of outdoor work is
available for students this month, the
Appointment Office announced today.
Students who may desire work are
asked to apply at once in order that
requests for student labor may be
satisfied. If the Appointment Office
cannot secure students to satisfy the
demand for labor this spring, jobs
will be more difficult to find in the
autumn.
An abundance of outdoor work is
available for students this month, the
Appointment Office announced today.
Students who may desire work are
asked to apply at once in order that
requests for student labor may be
satisfied. If the Appointment Office
cannot secure students to satisfy the
demand for labor this spring, jobs
will be more difficult to find in the
autumn.
An abundance of outdoor work is
available for students this month, the
Appointment Office announced today.
Students who may desire work are
asked to apply at once in order that
requests for student labor may be
satisfied. If the Appointment Office
cannot secure students to satisfy the
demand for labor this spring, jobs
will be more difficult to find in the
autumn.
An abundance of outdoor work is
available for students this month, the
Appointment Office announced today.
Students who may desire work are
asked to apply at once in order that
requests for student labor may be
satisfied. If the Appointment Office
cannot secure students to satisfy the
demand for labor this spring, jobs
will be more difficult to find in the
autumn.
An abundance of outdoor work is
available for students this month, the
Appointment Office announced today.
Students who may desire work are
asked to apply at once in order that
requests for student labor may be
satisfied. If the Appointment Office
cannot secure students to satisfy the
demand for labor this spring, jobs
will be more difficult to find in the
autumn.
An abundance of outdoor work is
available for students this month, the
Appointment Office announced today.
Students who may desire work are
asked to apply at once in order that
requests for student labor may be
satisfied. If the Appointment Office
cannot secure students to satisfy the
demand for labor this spring, jobs
will be more difficult to find in the
autumn.
An abundance of outdoor work is
available for students this month, the
Appointment Office announced today.
Students who may desire work are
asked to apply at once in order that
requests for student labor may be
satisfied. If the Appointment Office
cannot secure students to satisfy the
demand for labor this spring, jobs
will be more difficult to find in the
autumn.
An abundance of outdoor work is
available for students this month, the
Appointment Office announced today.
Students who may desire work are
asked to apply at once in order that
requests for student labor may be
satisfied. If the Appointment Office
cannot secure students to satisfy the
demand for labor this spring, jobs
will be more difficult to find in the
autumn.
An abundance of outdoor work is
available for students this month, the
Appointment Office announced today.
Students who may desire work are
asked to apply at once in order that
requests for student labor may be
satisfied. If the Appointment Office
cannot secure students to satisfy the
demand for labor this spring, jobs
will be more difficult to find in the
autumn.
An abundance of outdoor work is
available for students this month, the
Appointment Office announced today.
Students who may desire work are
asked to apply at once in order that
requests for student labor may be
satisfied. If the Appointment Office
cannot secure students to satisfy the
demand for labor this spring, jobs
will be more difficult to find in the
autumn.
An abundance of outdoor work is
available for students this month, the
Appointment Office announced today.
Students who may desire work are
asked to apply at once in order that
requests for student labor may be
satisfied. If the Appointment Office
cannot secure students to satisfy the
demand for labor this spring, jobs
will be more difficult to find in the
autumn.
