# The 						Daily Palo Alto.
## AUTOMOBILE SECTION L.H. ROGERS Yale Seniors Permitted To Drive Automobiles 
### 
The campus automobile problem has
taken a new angle at Yale, where seniors
are now permitted to own and drive
automobiles while at college. This is
due to a recent decision of the college
authorities giving them this permission.
Formerly undergraduates were forbidden
to operate their own cars on the campus.
The new ruling will go into effect im
uediately, and it is reported that many
seniors plan to take advantage of it.
The campus automobile problem has
taken a new angle at Yale, where seniors
are now permitted to own and drive
automobiles while at college. This is
due to a recent decision of the college
authorities giving them this permission.
Formerly undergraduates were forbidden
to operate their own cars on the campus.
The new ruling will go into effect im
uediately, and it is reported that many
seniors plan to take advantage of it.
The campus automobile problem has
taken a new angle at Yale, where seniors
are now permitted to own and drive
automobiles while at college. This is
due to a recent decision of the college
authorities giving them this permission.
Formerly undergraduates were forbidden
to operate their own cars on the campus.
The new ruling will go into effect im
uediately, and it is reported that many
seniors plan to take advantage of it.
The campus automobile problem has
taken a new angle at Yale, where seniors
are now permitted to own and drive
automobiles while at college. This is
due to a recent decision of the college
authorities giving them this permission.
Formerly undergraduates were forbidden
to operate their own cars on the campus.
The new ruling will go into effect im
uediately, and it is reported that many
seniors plan to take advantage of it.
The campus automobile problem has
taken a new angle at Yale, where seniors
are now permitted to own and drive
automobiles while at college. This is
due to a recent decision of the college
authorities giving them this permission.
Formerly undergraduates were forbidden
to operate their own cars on the campus.
The new ruling will go into effect im
uediately, and it is reported that many
seniors plan to take advantage of it.
The campus automobile problem has
taken a new angle at Yale, where seniors
are now permitted to own and drive
automobiles while at college. This is
due to a recent decision of the college
authorities giving them this permission.
Formerly undergraduates were forbidden
to operate their own cars on the campus.
The new ruling will go into effect im
uediately, and it is reported that many
seniors plan to take advantage of it.
The campus automobile problem has
taken a new angle at Yale, where seniors
are now permitted to own and drive
automobiles while at college. This is
due to a recent decision of the college
authorities giving them this permission.
Formerly undergraduates were forbidden
to operate their own cars on the campus.
The new ruling will go into effect im
uediately, and it is reported that many
seniors plan to take advantage of it.
The campus automobile problem has
taken a new angle at Yale, where seniors
are now permitted to own and drive
automobiles while at college. This is
due to a recent decision of the college
authorities giving them this permission.
Formerly undergraduates were forbidden
to operate their own cars on the campus.
The new ruling will go into effect im
uediately, and it is reported that many
seniors plan to take advantage of it.
The campus automobile problem has
taken a new angle at Yale, where seniors
are now permitted to own and drive
automobiles while at college. This is
due to a recent decision of the college
authorities giving them this permission.
Formerly undergraduates were forbidden
to operate their own cars on the campus.
The new ruling will go into effect im
uediately, and it is reported that many
seniors plan to take advantage of it.
The campus automobile problem has
taken a new angle at Yale, where seniors
are now permitted to own and drive
automobiles while at college. This is
due to a recent decision of the college
authorities giving them this permission.
Formerly undergraduates were forbidden
to operate their own cars on the campus.
The new ruling will go into effect im
uediately, and it is reported that many
seniors plan to take advantage of it.
The campus automobile problem has
taken a new angle at Yale, where seniors
are now permitted to own and drive
automobiles while at college. This is
due to a recent decision of the college
authorities giving them this permission.
Formerly undergraduates were forbidden
to operate their own cars on the campus.
The new ruling will go into effect im
uediately, and it is reported that many
seniors plan to take advantage of it.
The campus automobile problem has
taken a new angle at Yale, where seniors
are now permitted to own and drive
automobiles while at college. This is
due to a recent decision of the college
authorities giving them this permission.
Formerly undergraduates were forbidden
to operate their own cars on the campus.
The new ruling will go into effect im
uediately, and it is reported that many
seniors plan to take advantage of it.
The campus automobile problem has
taken a new angle at Yale, where seniors
are now permitted to own and drive
automobiles while at college. This is
due to a recent decision of the college
authorities giving them this permission.
Formerly undergraduates were forbidden
to operate their own cars on the campus.
The new ruling will go into effect im
uediately, and it is reported that many
seniors plan to take advantage of it.
The campus automobile problem has
taken a new angle at Yale, where seniors
are now permitted to own and drive
automobiles while at college. This is
due to a recent decision of the college
authorities giving them this permission.
Formerly undergraduates were forbidden
to operate their own cars on the campus.
The new ruling will go into effect im
uediately, and it is reported that many
seniors plan to take advantage of it.
The campus automobile problem has
taken a new angle at Yale, where seniors
are now permitted to own and drive
automobiles while at college. This is
due to a recent decision of the college
authorities giving them this permission.
Formerly undergraduates were forbidden
to operate their own cars on the campus.
The new ruling will go into effect im
uediately, and it is reported that many
seniors plan to take advantage of it.
