# PRESS CLUB IS ORGANIZED AT UNIVERSITY OF NEVADA
## 
### 
UNIVERSITY OF NEVADA — The
students in the newly created Depart
ment of Journalism have organized
themselves in the form of a press club.
Membership is open to anyone inter
ested in newspaper work. At the first
meeting of the organization, the chief
of staff from the "Sagebrush," student
body newspaper, will talk on "How to
Make a Line of Copy Fill a Column."
UNIVERSITY OF NEVADA — The
students in the newly created Depart
ment of Journalism have organized
themselves in the form of a press club.
Membership is open to anyone inter
ested in newspaper work. At the first
meeting of the organization, the chief
of staff from the "Sagebrush," student
body newspaper, will talk on "How to
Make a Line of Copy Fill a Column."
UNIVERSITY OF NEVADA — The
students in the newly created Depart
ment of Journalism have organized
themselves in the form of a press club.
Membership is open to anyone inter
ested in newspaper work. At the first
meeting of the organization, the chief
of staff from the "Sagebrush," student
body newspaper, will talk on "How to
Make a Line of Copy Fill a Column."
UNIVERSITY OF NEVADA — The
students in the newly created Depart
ment of Journalism have organized
themselves in the form of a press club.
Membership is open to anyone inter
ested in newspaper work. At the first
meeting of the organization, the chief
of staff from the "Sagebrush," student
body newspaper, will talk on "How to
Make a Line of Copy Fill a Column."
UNIVERSITY OF NEVADA — The
students in the newly created Depart
ment of Journalism have organized
themselves in the form of a press club.
Membership is open to anyone inter
ested in newspaper work. At the first
meeting of the organization, the chief
of staff from the "Sagebrush," student
body newspaper, will talk on "How to
Make a Line of Copy Fill a Column."
UNIVERSITY OF NEVADA — The
students in the newly created Depart
ment of Journalism have organized
themselves in the form of a press club.
Membership is open to anyone inter
ested in newspaper work. At the first
meeting of the organization, the chief
of staff from the "Sagebrush," student
body newspaper, will talk on "How to
Make a Line of Copy Fill a Column."
UNIVERSITY OF NEVADA — The
students in the newly created Depart
ment of Journalism have organized
themselves in the form of a press club.
Membership is open to anyone inter
ested in newspaper work. At the first
meeting of the organization, the chief
of staff from the "Sagebrush," student
body newspaper, will talk on "How to
Make a Line of Copy Fill a Column."
UNIVERSITY OF NEVADA — The
students in the newly created Depart
ment of Journalism have organized
themselves in the form of a press club.
Membership is open to anyone inter
ested in newspaper work. At the first
meeting of the organization, the chief
of staff from the "Sagebrush," student
body newspaper, will talk on "How to
Make a Line of Copy Fill a Column."
UNIVERSITY OF NEVADA — The
students in the newly created Depart
ment of Journalism have organized
themselves in the form of a press club.
Membership is open to anyone inter
ested in newspaper work. At the first
meeting of the organization, the chief
of staff from the "Sagebrush," student
body newspaper, will talk on "How to
Make a Line of Copy Fill a Column."
UNIVERSITY OF NEVADA — The
students in the newly created Depart
ment of Journalism have organized
themselves in the form of a press club.
Membership is open to anyone inter
ested in newspaper work. At the first
meeting of the organization, the chief
of staff from the "Sagebrush," student
body newspaper, will talk on "How to
Make a Line of Copy Fill a Column."
UNIVERSITY OF NEVADA — The
students in the newly created Depart
ment of Journalism have organized
themselves in the form of a press club.
Membership is open to anyone inter
ested in newspaper work. At the first
meeting of the organization, the chief
of staff from the "Sagebrush," student
body newspaper, will talk on "How to
Make a Line of Copy Fill a Column."
UNIVERSITY OF NEVADA — The
students in the newly created Depart
ment of Journalism have organized
themselves in the form of a press club.
Membership is open to anyone inter
ested in newspaper work. At the first
meeting of the organization, the chief
of staff from the "Sagebrush," student
body newspaper, will talk on "How to
Make a Line of Copy Fill a Column."
UNIVERSITY OF NEVADA — The
students in the newly created Depart
ment of Journalism have organized
themselves in the form of a press club.
Membership is open to anyone inter
ested in newspaper work. At the first
meeting of the organization, the chief
of staff from the "Sagebrush," student
body newspaper, will talk on "How to
Make a Line of Copy Fill a Column."
UNIVERSITY OF NEVADA — The
students in the newly created Depart
ment of Journalism have organized
themselves in the form of a press club.
Membership is open to anyone inter
ested in newspaper work. At the first
meeting of the organization, the chief
of staff from the "Sagebrush," student
body newspaper, will talk on "How to
Make a Line of Copy Fill a Column."
UNIVERSITY OF NEVADA — The
students in the newly created Depart
ment of Journalism have organized
themselves in the form of a press club.
Membership is open to anyone inter
ested in newspaper work. At the first
meeting of the organization, the chief
of staff from the "Sagebrush," student
body newspaper, will talk on "How to
Make a Line of Copy Fill a Column."
