# GERMAN DEPARTMENT STUDENTS FORM CLUB
## 
### 
German Club was organized last
Thursday night by a number of stu
dents interested in the language who
met at the home of Professor W.A.
Cooper.
The purpose of the club is to further
interest in the German language espe
cially in the use of German in con
versation. Membership is open to all
students interested in the language.
The club will meet on the second and
fourth Thursdays of each month in
the Women's Clubhouse at 7:30' p. m.
The officers elected for the current
quarter are: Hatto Tappenbeck, '23,
president; Marie Weiss, '25, vice pres
ident; and Dorothy Verbarg, '25, sec
retary-treasurer.
German Club was organized last
Thursday night by a number of stu
dents interested in the language who
met at the home of Professor W.A.
Cooper.
The purpose of the club is to further
interest in the German language espe
cially in the use of German in con
versation. Membership is open to all
students interested in the language.
The club will meet on the second and
fourth Thursdays of each month in
the Women's Clubhouse at 7:30' p. m.
The officers elected for the current
quarter are: Hatto Tappenbeck, '23,
president; Marie Weiss, '25, vice pres
ident; and Dorothy Verbarg, '25, sec
retary-treasurer.
German Club was organized last
Thursday night by a number of stu
dents interested in the language who
met at the home of Professor W.A.
Cooper.
The purpose of the club is to further
interest in the German language espe
cially in the use of German in con
versation. Membership is open to all
students interested in the language.
The club will meet on the second and
fourth Thursdays of each month in
the Women's Clubhouse at 7:30' p. m.
The officers elected for the current
quarter are: Hatto Tappenbeck, '23,
president; Marie Weiss, '25, vice pres
ident; and Dorothy Verbarg, '25, sec
retary-treasurer.
German Club was organized last
Thursday night by a number of stu
dents interested in the language who
met at the home of Professor W.A.
Cooper.
The purpose of the club is to further
interest in the German language espe
cially in the use of German in con
versation. Membership is open to all
students interested in the language.
The club will meet on the second and
fourth Thursdays of each month in
the Women's Clubhouse at 7:30' p. m.
The officers elected for the current
quarter are: Hatto Tappenbeck, '23,
president; Marie Weiss, '25, vice pres
ident; and Dorothy Verbarg, '25, sec
retary-treasurer.
German Club was organized last
Thursday night by a number of stu
dents interested in the language who
met at the home of Professor W.A.
Cooper.
The purpose of the club is to further
interest in the German language espe
cially in the use of German in con
versation. Membership is open to all
students interested in the language.
The club will meet on the second and
fourth Thursdays of each month in
the Women's Clubhouse at 7:30' p. m.
The officers elected for the current
quarter are: Hatto Tappenbeck, '23,
president; Marie Weiss, '25, vice pres
ident; and Dorothy Verbarg, '25, sec
retary-treasurer.
German Club was organized last
Thursday night by a number of stu
dents interested in the language who
met at the home of Professor W.A.
Cooper.
The purpose of the club is to further
interest in the German language espe
cially in the use of German in con
versation. Membership is open to all
students interested in the language.
The club will meet on the second and
fourth Thursdays of each month in
the Women's Clubhouse at 7:30' p. m.
The officers elected for the current
quarter are: Hatto Tappenbeck, '23,
president; Marie Weiss, '25, vice pres
ident; and Dorothy Verbarg, '25, sec
retary-treasurer.
German Club was organized last
Thursday night by a number of stu
dents interested in the language who
met at the home of Professor W.A.
Cooper.
The purpose of the club is to further
interest in the German language espe
cially in the use of German in con
versation. Membership is open to all
students interested in the language.
The club will meet on the second and
fourth Thursdays of each month in
the Women's Clubhouse at 7:30' p. m.
The officers elected for the current
quarter are: Hatto Tappenbeck, '23,
president; Marie Weiss, '25, vice pres
ident; and Dorothy Verbarg, '25, sec
retary-treasurer.
German Club was organized last
Thursday night by a number of stu
dents interested in the language who
met at the home of Professor W.A.
Cooper.
The purpose of the club is to further
interest in the German language espe
cially in the use of German in con
versation. Membership is open to all
students interested in the language.
The club will meet on the second and
fourth Thursdays of each month in
the Women's Clubhouse at 7:30' p. m.
The officers elected for the current
quarter are: Hatto Tappenbeck, '23,
president; Marie Weiss, '25, vice pres
ident; and Dorothy Verbarg, '25, sec
retary-treasurer.
German Club was organized last
Thursday night by a number of stu
dents interested in the language who
met at the home of Professor W.A.
Cooper.
The purpose of the club is to further
interest in the German language espe
cially in the use of German in con
versation. Membership is open to all
students interested in the language.
The club will meet on the second and
fourth Thursdays of each month in
the Women's Clubhouse at 7:30' p. m.
The officers elected for the current
quarter are: Hatto Tappenbeck, '23,
president; Marie Weiss, '25, vice pres
ident; and Dorothy Verbarg, '25, sec
retary-treasurer.
German Club was organized last
Thursday night by a number of stu
dents interested in the language who
met at the home of Professor W.A.
Cooper.
The purpose of the club is to further
interest in the German language espe
cially in the use of German in con
versation. Membership is open to all
students interested in the language.
The club will meet on the second and
fourth Thursdays of each month in
the Women's Clubhouse at 7:30' p. m.
The officers elected for the current
quarter are: Hatto Tappenbeck, '23,
president; Marie Weiss, '25, vice pres
ident; and Dorothy Verbarg, '25, sec
retary-treasurer.
German Club was organized last
Thursday night by a number of stu
dents interested in the language who
met at the home of Professor W.A.
Cooper.
The purpose of the club is to further
interest in the German language espe
cially in the use of German in con
versation. Membership is open to all
students interested in the language.
The club will meet on the second and
fourth Thursdays of each month in
the Women's Clubhouse at 7:30' p. m.
The officers elected for the current
quarter are: Hatto Tappenbeck, '23,
president; Marie Weiss, '25, vice pres
ident; and Dorothy Verbarg, '25, sec
retary-treasurer.
German Club was organized last
Thursday night by a number of stu
dents interested in the language who
met at the home of Professor W.A.
Cooper.
The purpose of the club is to further
interest in the German language espe
cially in the use of German in con
versation. Membership is open to all
students interested in the language.
The club will meet on the second and
fourth Thursdays of each month in
the Women's Clubhouse at 7:30' p. m.
The officers elected for the current
quarter are: Hatto Tappenbeck, '23,
president; Marie Weiss, '25, vice pres
ident; and Dorothy Verbarg, '25, sec
retary-treasurer.
German Club was organized last
Thursday night by a number of stu
dents interested in the language who
met at the home of Professor W.A.
Cooper.
The purpose of the club is to further
interest in the German language espe
cially in the use of German in con
versation. Membership is open to all
students interested in the language.
The club will meet on the second and
fourth Thursdays of each month in
the Women's Clubhouse at 7:30' p. m.
The officers elected for the current
quarter are: Hatto Tappenbeck, '23,
president; Marie Weiss, '25, vice pres
ident; and Dorothy Verbarg, '25, sec
retary-treasurer.
German Club was organized last
Thursday night by a number of stu
dents interested in the language who
met at the home of Professor W.A.
Cooper.
The purpose of the club is to further
interest in the German language espe
cially in the use of German in con
versation. Membership is open to all
students interested in the language.
The club will meet on the second and
fourth Thursdays of each month in
the Women's Clubhouse at 7:30' p. m.
The officers elected for the current
quarter are: Hatto Tappenbeck, '23,
president; Marie Weiss, '25, vice pres
ident; and Dorothy Verbarg, '25, sec
retary-treasurer.
German Club was organized last
Thursday night by a number of stu
dents interested in the language who
met at the home of Professor W.A.
Cooper.
The purpose of the club is to further
interest in the German language espe
cially in the use of German in con
versation. Membership is open to all
students interested in the language.
The club will meet on the second and
fourth Thursdays of each month in
the Women's Clubhouse at 7:30' p. m.
The officers elected for the current
quarter are: Hatto Tappenbeck, '23,
president; Marie Weiss, '25, vice pres
ident; and Dorothy Verbarg, '25, sec
retary-treasurer.
