# OATQ policy
## 
### 
Once Around the Quad an
nouncements are run as a public
service by the Daily. An
nouncement forms must be sub
mitted in person at the Daily of
fice by I p.m.. two business days
before publication. No excep
tions run he made.
Once Around the Quad an
nouncements are run as a public
service by the Daily. An
nouncement forms must be sub
mitted in person at the Daily of
fice by I p.m.. two business days
before publication. No excep
tions run he made.
Once Around the Quad an
nouncements are run as a public
service by the Daily. An
nouncement forms must be sub
mitted in person at the Daily of
fice by I p.m.. two business days
before publication. No excep
tions run he made.
Once Around the Quad an
nouncements are run as a public
service by the Daily. An
nouncement forms must be sub
mitted in person at the Daily of
fice by I p.m.. two business days
before publication. No excep
tions run he made.
Once Around the Quad an
nouncements are run as a public
service by the Daily. An
nouncement forms must be sub
mitted in person at the Daily of
fice by I p.m.. two business days
before publication. No excep
tions run he made.
Once Around the Quad an
nouncements are run as a public
service by the Daily. An
nouncement forms must be sub
mitted in person at the Daily of
fice by I p.m.. two business days
before publication. No excep
tions run he made.
Once Around the Quad an
nouncements are run as a public
service by the Daily. An
nouncement forms must be sub
mitted in person at the Daily of
fice by I p.m.. two business days
before publication. No excep
tions run he made.
Once Around the Quad an
nouncements are run as a public
service by the Daily. An
nouncement forms must be sub
mitted in person at the Daily of
fice by I p.m.. two business days
before publication. No excep
tions run he made.
Once Around the Quad an
nouncements are run as a public
service by the Daily. An
nouncement forms must be sub
mitted in person at the Daily of
fice by I p.m.. two business days
before publication. No excep
tions run he made.
