# Iran anniversary
## 
### 
Ayatollah Khomeini is recovering from a heart ail
ment. The crowd gathered to celebrate the return ot
the ayatollah from exile a year ago.

TEH RAN — Tens of thousands of Iranians gathered
outside a Tehran hospital late last week, where


AI* photo courtesy Peninsula Times Tribune
Ayatollah Khomeini is recovering from a heart ail
ment. The crowd gathered to celebrate the return ot
the ayatollah from exile a year ago.

TEH RAN — Tens of thousands of Iranians gathered
outside a Tehran hospital late last week, where


AI* photo courtesy Peninsula Times Tribune
Ayatollah Khomeini is recovering from a heart ail
ment. The crowd gathered to celebrate the return ot
the ayatollah from exile a year ago.

TEH RAN — Tens of thousands of Iranians gathered
outside a Tehran hospital late last week, where


AI* photo courtesy Peninsula Times Tribune
Ayatollah Khomeini is recovering from a heart ail
ment. The crowd gathered to celebrate the return ot
the ayatollah from exile a year ago.

TEH RAN — Tens of thousands of Iranians gathered
outside a Tehran hospital late last week, where


AI* photo courtesy Peninsula Times Tribune
Ayatollah Khomeini is recovering from a heart ail
ment. The crowd gathered to celebrate the return ot
the ayatollah from exile a year ago.

TEH RAN — Tens of thousands of Iranians gathered
outside a Tehran hospital late last week, where


AI* photo courtesy Peninsula Times Tribune
Ayatollah Khomeini is recovering from a heart ail
ment. The crowd gathered to celebrate the return ot
the ayatollah from exile a year ago.

TEH RAN — Tens of thousands of Iranians gathered
outside a Tehran hospital late last week, where


AI* photo courtesy Peninsula Times Tribune
Ayatollah Khomeini is recovering from a heart ail
ment. The crowd gathered to celebrate the return ot
the ayatollah from exile a year ago.

TEH RAN — Tens of thousands of Iranians gathered
outside a Tehran hospital late last week, where


AI* photo courtesy Peninsula Times Tribune
Ayatollah Khomeini is recovering from a heart ail
ment. The crowd gathered to celebrate the return ot
the ayatollah from exile a year ago.

TEH RAN — Tens of thousands of Iranians gathered
outside a Tehran hospital late last week, where


AI* photo courtesy Peninsula Times Tribune
Ayatollah Khomeini is recovering from a heart ail
ment. The crowd gathered to celebrate the return ot
the ayatollah from exile a year ago.

TEH RAN — Tens of thousands of Iranians gathered
outside a Tehran hospital late last week, where


AI* photo courtesy Peninsula Times Tribune
