# Adv. 13 Page 3
## 
### 
TYPING?
m ii—miff—m ■B■ ■—■
If you're looking for
a competent typist
to do a real job for
you there are several
listed in the Classi
fied Advertising sec
tion. Youcanrelyon
a typing expert who
is in the business to
stay and has a repu
tation to uphold, as
these do. An attrac
tive term paper may
well mean the differ
ence in swinging a
final grade up a few
points.
And on the other
hand if you yourself
are in the business
of commercial typing
and are not advertis-!
ing your name and
location there is no
better or cheaper
way to do it than
through Stanford
Daily classifieds
The Stanford
Daily
P.A. 4718
TRY DAILY CLASSIFIEDS
TYPING?
m ii—miff—m ■B■ ■—■
If you're looking for
a competent typist
to do a real job for
you there are several
listed in the Classi
fied Advertising sec
tion. Youcanrelyon
a typing expert who
is in the business to
stay and has a repu
tation to uphold, as
these do. An attrac
tive term paper may
well mean the differ
ence in swinging a
final grade up a few
points.
And on the other
hand if you yourself
are in the business
of commercial typing
and are not advertis-!
ing your name and
location there is no
better or cheaper
way to do it than
through Stanford
Daily classifieds
The Stanford
Daily
P.A. 4718
TRY DAILY CLASSIFIEDS
TYPING?
m ii—miff—m ■B■ ■—■
If you're looking for
a competent typist
to do a real job for
you there are several
listed in the Classi
fied Advertising sec
tion. Youcanrelyon
a typing expert who
is in the business to
stay and has a repu
tation to uphold, as
these do. An attrac
tive term paper may
well mean the differ
ence in swinging a
final grade up a few
points.
And on the other
hand if you yourself
are in the business
of commercial typing
and are not advertis-!
ing your name and
location there is no
better or cheaper
way to do it than
through Stanford
Daily classifieds
The Stanford
Daily
P.A. 4718
TRY DAILY CLASSIFIEDS
TYPING?
m ii—miff—m ■B■ ■—■
If you're looking for
a competent typist
to do a real job for
you there are several
listed in the Classi
fied Advertising sec
tion. Youcanrelyon
a typing expert who
is in the business to
stay and has a repu
tation to uphold, as
these do. An attrac
tive term paper may
well mean the differ
ence in swinging a
final grade up a few
points.
And on the other
hand if you yourself
are in the business
of commercial typing
and are not advertis-!
ing your name and
location there is no
better or cheaper
way to do it than
through Stanford
Daily classifieds
The Stanford
Daily
P.A. 4718
TRY DAILY CLASSIFIEDS
TYPING?
m ii—miff—m ■B■ ■—■
If you're looking for
a competent typist
to do a real job for
you there are several
listed in the Classi
fied Advertising sec
tion. Youcanrelyon
a typing expert who
is in the business to
stay and has a repu
tation to uphold, as
these do. An attrac
tive term paper may
well mean the differ
ence in swinging a
final grade up a few
points.
And on the other
hand if you yourself
are in the business
of commercial typing
and are not advertis-!
ing your name and
location there is no
better or cheaper
way to do it than
through Stanford
Daily classifieds
The Stanford
Daily
P.A. 4718
TRY DAILY CLASSIFIEDS
TYPING?
m ii—miff—m ■B■ ■—■
If you're looking for
a competent typist
to do a real job for
you there are several
listed in the Classi
fied Advertising sec
tion. Youcanrelyon
a typing expert who
is in the business to
stay and has a repu
tation to uphold, as
these do. An attrac
tive term paper may
well mean the differ
ence in swinging a
final grade up a few
points.
And on the other
hand if you yourself
are in the business
of commercial typing
and are not advertis-!
ing your name and
location there is no
better or cheaper
way to do it than
through Stanford
Daily classifieds
The Stanford
Daily
P.A. 4718
TRY DAILY CLASSIFIEDS
TYPING?
m ii—miff—m ■B■ ■—■
If you're looking for
a competent typist
to do a real job for
you there are several
listed in the Classi
fied Advertising sec
tion. Youcanrelyon
a typing expert who
is in the business to
stay and has a repu
tation to uphold, as
these do. An attrac
tive term paper may
well mean the differ
ence in swinging a
final grade up a few
points.
And on the other
hand if you yourself
are in the business
of commercial typing
and are not advertis-!
ing your name and
location there is no
better or cheaper
way to do it than
through Stanford
Daily classifieds
The Stanford
Daily
P.A. 4718
TRY DAILY CLASSIFIEDS
TYPING?
m ii—miff—m ■B■ ■—■
If you're looking for
a competent typist
to do a real job for
you there are several
listed in the Classi
fied Advertising sec
tion. Youcanrelyon
a typing expert who
is in the business to
stay and has a repu
tation to uphold, as
these do. An attrac
tive term paper may
well mean the differ
ence in swinging a
final grade up a few
points.
And on the other
hand if you yourself
are in the business
of commercial typing
and are not advertis-!
ing your name and
location there is no
better or cheaper
way to do it than
through Stanford
Daily classifieds
The Stanford
Daily
P.A. 4718
TRY DAILY CLASSIFIEDS
TYPING?
m ii—miff—m ■B■ ■—■
If you're looking for
a competent typist
to do a real job for
you there are several
listed in the Classi
fied Advertising sec
tion. Youcanrelyon
a typing expert who
is in the business to
stay and has a repu
tation to uphold, as
these do. An attrac
tive term paper may
well mean the differ
ence in swinging a
final grade up a few
points.
And on the other
hand if you yourself
are in the business
of commercial typing
and are not advertis-!
ing your name and
location there is no
better or cheaper
way to do it than
through Stanford
Daily classifieds
The Stanford
Daily
P.A. 4718
TRY DAILY CLASSIFIEDS
TYPING?
m ii—miff—m ■B■ ■—■
If you're looking for
a competent typist
to do a real job for
you there are several
listed in the Classi
fied Advertising sec
tion. Youcanrelyon
a typing expert who
is in the business to
stay and has a repu
tation to uphold, as
these do. An attrac
tive term paper may
well mean the differ
ence in swinging a
final grade up a few
points.
And on the other
hand if you yourself
are in the business
of commercial typing
and are not advertis-!
ing your name and
location there is no
better or cheaper
way to do it than
through Stanford
Daily classifieds
The Stanford
Daily
P.A. 4718
TRY DAILY CLASSIFIEDS
TYPING?
m ii—miff—m ■B■ ■—■
If you're looking for
a competent typist
to do a real job for
you there are several
listed in the Classi
fied Advertising sec
tion. Youcanrelyon
a typing expert who
is in the business to
stay and has a repu
tation to uphold, as
these do. An attrac
tive term paper may
well mean the differ
ence in swinging a
final grade up a few
points.
And on the other
hand if you yourself
are in the business
of commercial typing
and are not advertis-!
ing your name and
location there is no
better or cheaper
way to do it than
through Stanford
Daily classifieds
The Stanford
Daily
P.A. 4718
TRY DAILY CLASSIFIEDS
TYPING?
m ii—miff—m ■B■ ■—■
If you're looking for
a competent typist
to do a real job for
you there are several
listed in the Classi
fied Advertising sec
tion. Youcanrelyon
a typing expert who
is in the business to
stay and has a repu
tation to uphold, as
these do. An attrac
tive term paper may
well mean the differ
ence in swinging a
final grade up a few
points.
And on the other
hand if you yourself
are in the business
of commercial typing
and are not advertis-!
ing your name and
location there is no
better or cheaper
way to do it than
through Stanford
Daily classifieds
The Stanford
Daily
P.A. 4718
TRY DAILY CLASSIFIEDS
TYPING?
m ii—miff—m ■B■ ■—■
If you're looking for
a competent typist
to do a real job for
you there are several
listed in the Classi
fied Advertising sec
tion. Youcanrelyon
a typing expert who
is in the business to
stay and has a repu
tation to uphold, as
these do. An attrac
tive term paper may
well mean the differ
ence in swinging a
final grade up a few
points.
And on the other
hand if you yourself
are in the business
of commercial typing
and are not advertis-!
ing your name and
location there is no
better or cheaper
way to do it than
through Stanford
Daily classifieds
The Stanford
Daily
P.A. 4718
TRY DAILY CLASSIFIEDS
TYPING?
m ii—miff—m ■B■ ■—■
If you're looking for
a competent typist
to do a real job for
you there are several
listed in the Classi
fied Advertising sec
tion. Youcanrelyon
a typing expert who
is in the business to
stay and has a repu
tation to uphold, as
these do. An attrac
tive term paper may
well mean the differ
ence in swinging a
final grade up a few
points.
And on the other
hand if you yourself
are in the business
of commercial typing
and are not advertis-!
ing your name and
location there is no
better or cheaper
way to do it than
through Stanford
Daily classifieds
The Stanford
Daily
P.A. 4718
TRY DAILY CLASSIFIEDS
TYPING?
m ii—miff—m ■B■ ■—■
If you're looking for
a competent typist
to do a real job for
you there are several
listed in the Classi
fied Advertising sec
tion. Youcanrelyon
a typing expert who
is in the business to
stay and has a repu
tation to uphold, as
these do. An attrac
tive term paper may
well mean the differ
ence in swinging a
final grade up a few
points.
And on the other
hand if you yourself
are in the business
of commercial typing
and are not advertis-!
ing your name and
location there is no
better or cheaper
way to do it than
through Stanford
Daily classifieds
The Stanford
Daily
P.A. 4718
TRY DAILY CLASSIFIEDS
TYPING?
m ii—miff—m ■B■ ■—■
If you're looking for
a competent typist
to do a real job for
you there are several
listed in the Classi
fied Advertising sec
tion. Youcanrelyon
a typing expert who
is in the business to
stay and has a repu
tation to uphold, as
these do. An attrac
tive term paper may
well mean the differ
ence in swinging a
final grade up a few
points.
And on the other
hand if you yourself
are in the business
of commercial typing
and are not advertis-!
ing your name and
location there is no
better or cheaper
way to do it than
through Stanford
Daily classifieds
The Stanford
Daily
P.A. 4718
TRY DAILY CLASSIFIEDS
