# DELTA UPSILON PLEDGE
## 
### 
Delta Upsilon announces the
pledging of Ed Mcßoskey, '34.

Mexico City's population has
doubled in the last decade.
Delta Upsilon announces the
pledging of Ed Mcßoskey, '34.

Mexico City's population has
doubled in the last decade.
Delta Upsilon announces the
pledging of Ed Mcßoskey, '34.

Mexico City's population has
doubled in the last decade.
Delta Upsilon announces the
pledging of Ed Mcßoskey, '34.

Mexico City's population has
doubled in the last decade.
Delta Upsilon announces the
pledging of Ed Mcßoskey, '34.

Mexico City's population has
doubled in the last decade.
Delta Upsilon announces the
pledging of Ed Mcßoskey, '34.

Mexico City's population has
doubled in the last decade.
Delta Upsilon announces the
pledging of Ed Mcßoskey, '34.

Mexico City's population has
doubled in the last decade.
Delta Upsilon announces the
pledging of Ed Mcßoskey, '34.

Mexico City's population has
doubled in the last decade.
Delta Upsilon announces the
pledging of Ed Mcßoskey, '34.

Mexico City's population has
doubled in the last decade.
Delta Upsilon announces the
pledging of Ed Mcßoskey, '34.

Mexico City's population has
doubled in the last decade.
Delta Upsilon announces the
pledging of Ed Mcßoskey, '34.

Mexico City's population has
doubled in the last decade.
Delta Upsilon announces the
pledging of Ed Mcßoskey, '34.

Mexico City's population has
doubled in the last decade.
Delta Upsilon announces the
pledging of Ed Mcßoskey, '34.

Mexico City's population has
doubled in the last decade.
Delta Upsilon announces the
pledging of Ed Mcßoskey, '34.

Mexico City's population has
doubled in the last decade.
Delta Upsilon announces the
pledging of Ed Mcßoskey, '34.

Mexico City's population has
doubled in the last decade.
Delta Upsilon announces the
pledging of Ed Mcßoskey, '34.

Mexico City's population has
doubled in the last decade.
