# SEQUOIA EATING CLUB CUTS RATE
## 
### 
A reduction of ten cents per day
in board was announced last night
by the Seqouia Eating Club at the
first regular meeting of the year.
The club also nominated twelve
members for positions on the execu
tive committee.
The following wore nominated:
junior members—Malcolm Whitbeck,
John Kennedy, and Ed Dart; mem
ber-at-large for first term—Tom
Macgee, Paul Lebenbaum, and Dick
Hattrup; member-at-large for sec
ond term —Dick Eaton, Ken Loomer,
Duke McCurdy, and Art Gilmore;
sophomore member—Joe Marx and
Bob Smith. The election will take
place next week.
A reduction of ten cents per day
in board was announced last night
by the Seqouia Eating Club at the
first regular meeting of the year.
The club also nominated twelve
members for positions on the execu
tive committee.
The following wore nominated:
junior members—Malcolm Whitbeck,
John Kennedy, and Ed Dart; mem
ber-at-large for first term—Tom
Macgee, Paul Lebenbaum, and Dick
Hattrup; member-at-large for sec
ond term —Dick Eaton, Ken Loomer,
Duke McCurdy, and Art Gilmore;
sophomore member—Joe Marx and
Bob Smith. The election will take
place next week.
A reduction of ten cents per day
in board was announced last night
by the Seqouia Eating Club at the
first regular meeting of the year.
The club also nominated twelve
members for positions on the execu
tive committee.
The following wore nominated:
junior members—Malcolm Whitbeck,
John Kennedy, and Ed Dart; mem
ber-at-large for first term—Tom
Macgee, Paul Lebenbaum, and Dick
Hattrup; member-at-large for sec
ond term —Dick Eaton, Ken Loomer,
Duke McCurdy, and Art Gilmore;
sophomore member—Joe Marx and
Bob Smith. The election will take
place next week.
A reduction of ten cents per day
in board was announced last night
by the Seqouia Eating Club at the
first regular meeting of the year.
The club also nominated twelve
members for positions on the execu
tive committee.
The following wore nominated:
junior members—Malcolm Whitbeck,
John Kennedy, and Ed Dart; mem
ber-at-large for first term—Tom
Macgee, Paul Lebenbaum, and Dick
Hattrup; member-at-large for sec
ond term —Dick Eaton, Ken Loomer,
Duke McCurdy, and Art Gilmore;
sophomore member—Joe Marx and
Bob Smith. The election will take
place next week.
A reduction of ten cents per day
in board was announced last night
by the Seqouia Eating Club at the
first regular meeting of the year.
The club also nominated twelve
members for positions on the execu
tive committee.
The following wore nominated:
junior members—Malcolm Whitbeck,
John Kennedy, and Ed Dart; mem
ber-at-large for first term—Tom
Macgee, Paul Lebenbaum, and Dick
Hattrup; member-at-large for sec
ond term —Dick Eaton, Ken Loomer,
Duke McCurdy, and Art Gilmore;
sophomore member—Joe Marx and
Bob Smith. The election will take
place next week.
A reduction of ten cents per day
in board was announced last night
by the Seqouia Eating Club at the
first regular meeting of the year.
The club also nominated twelve
members for positions on the execu
tive committee.
The following wore nominated:
junior members—Malcolm Whitbeck,
John Kennedy, and Ed Dart; mem
ber-at-large for first term—Tom
Macgee, Paul Lebenbaum, and Dick
Hattrup; member-at-large for sec
ond term —Dick Eaton, Ken Loomer,
Duke McCurdy, and Art Gilmore;
sophomore member—Joe Marx and
Bob Smith. The election will take
place next week.
A reduction of ten cents per day
in board was announced last night
by the Seqouia Eating Club at the
first regular meeting of the year.
The club also nominated twelve
members for positions on the execu
tive committee.
The following wore nominated:
junior members—Malcolm Whitbeck,
John Kennedy, and Ed Dart; mem
ber-at-large for first term—Tom
Macgee, Paul Lebenbaum, and Dick
Hattrup; member-at-large for sec
ond term —Dick Eaton, Ken Loomer,
Duke McCurdy, and Art Gilmore;
sophomore member—Joe Marx and
Bob Smith. The election will take
place next week.
A reduction of ten cents per day
in board was announced last night
by the Seqouia Eating Club at the
first regular meeting of the year.
The club also nominated twelve
members for positions on the execu
tive committee.
The following wore nominated:
junior members—Malcolm Whitbeck,
John Kennedy, and Ed Dart; mem
ber-at-large for first term—Tom
Macgee, Paul Lebenbaum, and Dick
Hattrup; member-at-large for sec
ond term —Dick Eaton, Ken Loomer,
Duke McCurdy, and Art Gilmore;
sophomore member—Joe Marx and
Bob Smith. The election will take
place next week.
A reduction of ten cents per day
in board was announced last night
by the Seqouia Eating Club at the
first regular meeting of the year.
The club also nominated twelve
members for positions on the execu
tive committee.
The following wore nominated:
junior members—Malcolm Whitbeck,
John Kennedy, and Ed Dart; mem
ber-at-large for first term—Tom
Macgee, Paul Lebenbaum, and Dick
Hattrup; member-at-large for sec
ond term —Dick Eaton, Ken Loomer,
Duke McCurdy, and Art Gilmore;
sophomore member—Joe Marx and
Bob Smith. The election will take
place next week.
A reduction of ten cents per day
in board was announced last night
by the Seqouia Eating Club at the
first regular meeting of the year.
The club also nominated twelve
members for positions on the execu
tive committee.
The following wore nominated:
junior members—Malcolm Whitbeck,
John Kennedy, and Ed Dart; mem
ber-at-large for first term—Tom
Macgee, Paul Lebenbaum, and Dick
Hattrup; member-at-large for sec
ond term —Dick Eaton, Ken Loomer,
Duke McCurdy, and Art Gilmore;
sophomore member—Joe Marx and
Bob Smith. The election will take
place next week.
A reduction of ten cents per day
in board was announced last night
by the Seqouia Eating Club at the
first regular meeting of the year.
The club also nominated twelve
members for positions on the execu
tive committee.
The following wore nominated:
junior members—Malcolm Whitbeck,
John Kennedy, and Ed Dart; mem
ber-at-large for first term—Tom
Macgee, Paul Lebenbaum, and Dick
Hattrup; member-at-large for sec
ond term —Dick Eaton, Ken Loomer,
Duke McCurdy, and Art Gilmore;
sophomore member—Joe Marx and
Bob Smith. The election will take
place next week.
A reduction of ten cents per day
in board was announced last night
by the Seqouia Eating Club at the
first regular meeting of the year.
The club also nominated twelve
members for positions on the execu
tive committee.
The following wore nominated:
junior members—Malcolm Whitbeck,
John Kennedy, and Ed Dart; mem
ber-at-large for first term—Tom
Macgee, Paul Lebenbaum, and Dick
Hattrup; member-at-large for sec
ond term —Dick Eaton, Ken Loomer,
Duke McCurdy, and Art Gilmore;
sophomore member—Joe Marx and
Bob Smith. The election will take
place next week.
A reduction of ten cents per day
in board was announced last night
by the Seqouia Eating Club at the
first regular meeting of the year.
The club also nominated twelve
members for positions on the execu
tive committee.
The following wore nominated:
junior members—Malcolm Whitbeck,
John Kennedy, and Ed Dart; mem
ber-at-large for first term—Tom
Macgee, Paul Lebenbaum, and Dick
Hattrup; member-at-large for sec
ond term —Dick Eaton, Ken Loomer,
Duke McCurdy, and Art Gilmore;
sophomore member—Joe Marx and
Bob Smith. The election will take
place next week.
A reduction of ten cents per day
in board was announced last night
by the Seqouia Eating Club at the
first regular meeting of the year.
The club also nominated twelve
members for positions on the execu
tive committee.
The following wore nominated:
junior members—Malcolm Whitbeck,
John Kennedy, and Ed Dart; mem
ber-at-large for first term—Tom
Macgee, Paul Lebenbaum, and Dick
Hattrup; member-at-large for sec
ond term —Dick Eaton, Ken Loomer,
Duke McCurdy, and Art Gilmore;
sophomore member—Joe Marx and
Bob Smith. The election will take
place next week.
A reduction of ten cents per day
in board was announced last night
by the Seqouia Eating Club at the
first regular meeting of the year.
The club also nominated twelve
members for positions on the execu
tive committee.
The following wore nominated:
junior members—Malcolm Whitbeck,
John Kennedy, and Ed Dart; mem
ber-at-large for first term—Tom
Macgee, Paul Lebenbaum, and Dick
Hattrup; member-at-large for sec
ond term —Dick Eaton, Ken Loomer,
Duke McCurdy, and Art Gilmore;
sophomore member—Joe Marx and
Bob Smith. The election will take
place next week.
A reduction of ten cents per day
in board was announced last night
by the Seqouia Eating Club at the
first regular meeting of the year.
The club also nominated twelve
members for positions on the execu
tive committee.
The following wore nominated:
junior members—Malcolm Whitbeck,
John Kennedy, and Ed Dart; mem
ber-at-large for first term—Tom
Macgee, Paul Lebenbaum, and Dick
Hattrup; member-at-large for sec
ond term —Dick Eaton, Ken Loomer,
Duke McCurdy, and Art Gilmore;
sophomore member—Joe Marx and
Bob Smith. The election will take
place next week.
