# Untitled Article
## 
### 
In the Assembly Hull this
evening Dr. R. L. Wilbur, '96,
head of the Department of
Medicine, will lecture to the
men of the University oil per
sonal hygiene. The Assembly
Hall has been selected for the
lecture so that all the male
students may have the oppor
tunity of hearing this eminent
medical authority.
In the Assembly Hull this
evening Dr. R. L. Wilbur, '96,
head of the Department of
Medicine, will lecture to the
men of the University oil per
sonal hygiene. The Assembly
Hall has been selected for the
lecture so that all the male
students may have the oppor
tunity of hearing this eminent
medical authority.
In the Assembly Hull this
evening Dr. R. L. Wilbur, '96,
head of the Department of
Medicine, will lecture to the
men of the University oil per
sonal hygiene. The Assembly
Hall has been selected for the
lecture so that all the male
students may have the oppor
tunity of hearing this eminent
medical authority.
In the Assembly Hull this
evening Dr. R. L. Wilbur, '96,
head of the Department of
Medicine, will lecture to the
men of the University oil per
sonal hygiene. The Assembly
Hall has been selected for the
lecture so that all the male
students may have the oppor
tunity of hearing this eminent
medical authority.
In the Assembly Hull this
evening Dr. R. L. Wilbur, '96,
head of the Department of
Medicine, will lecture to the
men of the University oil per
sonal hygiene. The Assembly
Hall has been selected for the
lecture so that all the male
students may have the oppor
tunity of hearing this eminent
medical authority.
In the Assembly Hull this
evening Dr. R. L. Wilbur, '96,
head of the Department of
Medicine, will lecture to the
men of the University oil per
sonal hygiene. The Assembly
Hall has been selected for the
lecture so that all the male
students may have the oppor
tunity of hearing this eminent
medical authority.
In the Assembly Hull this
evening Dr. R. L. Wilbur, '96,
head of the Department of
Medicine, will lecture to the
men of the University oil per
sonal hygiene. The Assembly
Hall has been selected for the
lecture so that all the male
students may have the oppor
tunity of hearing this eminent
medical authority.
In the Assembly Hull this
evening Dr. R. L. Wilbur, '96,
head of the Department of
Medicine, will lecture to the
men of the University oil per
sonal hygiene. The Assembly
Hall has been selected for the
lecture so that all the male
students may have the oppor
tunity of hearing this eminent
medical authority.
In the Assembly Hull this
evening Dr. R. L. Wilbur, '96,
head of the Department of
Medicine, will lecture to the
men of the University oil per
sonal hygiene. The Assembly
Hall has been selected for the
lecture so that all the male
students may have the oppor
tunity of hearing this eminent
medical authority.
In the Assembly Hull this
evening Dr. R. L. Wilbur, '96,
head of the Department of
Medicine, will lecture to the
men of the University oil per
sonal hygiene. The Assembly
Hall has been selected for the
lecture so that all the male
students may have the oppor
tunity of hearing this eminent
medical authority.
In the Assembly Hull this
evening Dr. R. L. Wilbur, '96,
head of the Department of
Medicine, will lecture to the
men of the University oil per
sonal hygiene. The Assembly
Hall has been selected for the
lecture so that all the male
students may have the oppor
tunity of hearing this eminent
medical authority.
In the Assembly Hull this
evening Dr. R. L. Wilbur, '96,
head of the Department of
Medicine, will lecture to the
men of the University oil per
sonal hygiene. The Assembly
Hall has been selected for the
lecture so that all the male
students may have the oppor
tunity of hearing this eminent
medical authority.
In the Assembly Hull this
evening Dr. R. L. Wilbur, '96,
head of the Department of
Medicine, will lecture to the
men of the University oil per
sonal hygiene. The Assembly
Hall has been selected for the
lecture so that all the male
students may have the oppor
tunity of hearing this eminent
medical authority.
