# Adv. 2 Page 2
## 
### 
The best souvenir
of the comedy given
by the English Club
last week is the book
" On Seeing an English
Play selling at cost,
forty cents, at The
Bookstore, ready for
mailing.
The best souvenir
of the comedy given
by the English Club
last week is the book
" On Seeing an English
Play selling at cost,
forty cents, at The
Bookstore, ready for
mailing.
The best souvenir
of the comedy given
by the English Club
last week is the book
" On Seeing an English
Play selling at cost,
forty cents, at The
Bookstore, ready for
mailing.
The best souvenir
of the comedy given
by the English Club
last week is the book
" On Seeing an English
Play selling at cost,
forty cents, at The
Bookstore, ready for
mailing.
The best souvenir
of the comedy given
by the English Club
last week is the book
" On Seeing an English
Play selling at cost,
forty cents, at The
Bookstore, ready for
mailing.
The best souvenir
of the comedy given
by the English Club
last week is the book
" On Seeing an English
Play selling at cost,
forty cents, at The
Bookstore, ready for
mailing.
The best souvenir
of the comedy given
by the English Club
last week is the book
" On Seeing an English
Play selling at cost,
forty cents, at The
Bookstore, ready for
mailing.
The best souvenir
of the comedy given
by the English Club
last week is the book
" On Seeing an English
Play selling at cost,
forty cents, at The
Bookstore, ready for
mailing.
