# TRADITIONAL VICTORY SCORED BY SOPHS IN CLASH AGAINST FROSH
## "Just a Fine, Clean Fight," Says President Steinbeck Of Spirited Tie-up 
### 
Spectators, officials, facts, and pre
cedent all happily agreed yesterday
afternoon, as 174 sophomores gained
the decision over 175 frosh in the sec
ond tie-up since the mud-fight was dis
continued. The somewhat doubtful
score, as announced by Stanford
Steinbeck, president of the A.S.S.U.,
was 75-50, indicating 75 freshmen tied
up to 50 for the sophs. A few of the
officiating Block "S" men considered
the outcome 50-50.
Throughout the 15-minute interval
between the barkings of Steinbeck's
gun, the mighty sophomores, bearing
on their backs the blood-red hand of
wrath, dominated the green-smeared
frosh. "It was a fine, clean fight," re
marked Steinbeck. "And I wish to
thank the spectators for their co
operation in keeping off the field."
Sophomore leaders, Broderick, Doub,
and Hatch, commented on the sports
manship of the freshmen. Ray Force,
stocky freshman captain, stated his
only regret was that his side did not
win.
Charley Paddock and Dink Temple
ton were among the very interested
spectators of the battle. They walked
from group to group, exhorting the
freshmen to greater efforts.
Spectators, officials, facts, and pre
cedent all happily agreed yesterday
afternoon, as 174 sophomores gained
the decision over 175 frosh in the sec
ond tie-up since the mud-fight was dis
continued. The somewhat doubtful
score, as announced by Stanford
Steinbeck, president of the A.S.S.U.,
was 75-50, indicating 75 freshmen tied
up to 50 for the sophs. A few of the
officiating Block "S" men considered
the outcome 50-50.
Throughout the 15-minute interval
between the barkings of Steinbeck's
gun, the mighty sophomores, bearing
on their backs the blood-red hand of
wrath, dominated the green-smeared
frosh. "It was a fine, clean fight," re
marked Steinbeck. "And I wish to
thank the spectators for their co
operation in keeping off the field."
Sophomore leaders, Broderick, Doub,
and Hatch, commented on the sports
manship of the freshmen. Ray Force,
stocky freshman captain, stated his
only regret was that his side did not
win.
Charley Paddock and Dink Temple
ton were among the very interested
spectators of the battle. They walked
from group to group, exhorting the
freshmen to greater efforts.
Spectators, officials, facts, and pre
cedent all happily agreed yesterday
afternoon, as 174 sophomores gained
the decision over 175 frosh in the sec
ond tie-up since the mud-fight was dis
continued. The somewhat doubtful
score, as announced by Stanford
Steinbeck, president of the A.S.S.U.,
was 75-50, indicating 75 freshmen tied
up to 50 for the sophs. A few of the
officiating Block "S" men considered
the outcome 50-50.
Throughout the 15-minute interval
between the barkings of Steinbeck's
gun, the mighty sophomores, bearing
on their backs the blood-red hand of
wrath, dominated the green-smeared
frosh. "It was a fine, clean fight," re
marked Steinbeck. "And I wish to
thank the spectators for their co
operation in keeping off the field."
Sophomore leaders, Broderick, Doub,
and Hatch, commented on the sports
manship of the freshmen. Ray Force,
stocky freshman captain, stated his
only regret was that his side did not
win.
Charley Paddock and Dink Temple
ton were among the very interested
spectators of the battle. They walked
from group to group, exhorting the
freshmen to greater efforts.
Spectators, officials, facts, and pre
cedent all happily agreed yesterday
afternoon, as 174 sophomores gained
the decision over 175 frosh in the sec
ond tie-up since the mud-fight was dis
continued. The somewhat doubtful
score, as announced by Stanford
Steinbeck, president of the A.S.S.U.,
was 75-50, indicating 75 freshmen tied
up to 50 for the sophs. A few of the
officiating Block "S" men considered
the outcome 50-50.
Throughout the 15-minute interval
between the barkings of Steinbeck's
gun, the mighty sophomores, bearing
on their backs the blood-red hand of
wrath, dominated the green-smeared
frosh. "It was a fine, clean fight," re
marked Steinbeck. "And I wish to
thank the spectators for their co
operation in keeping off the field."
Sophomore leaders, Broderick, Doub,
and Hatch, commented on the sports
manship of the freshmen. Ray Force,
stocky freshman captain, stated his
only regret was that his side did not
win.
Charley Paddock and Dink Temple
ton were among the very interested
spectators of the battle. They walked
from group to group, exhorting the
freshmen to greater efforts.
Spectators, officials, facts, and pre
cedent all happily agreed yesterday
afternoon, as 174 sophomores gained
the decision over 175 frosh in the sec
ond tie-up since the mud-fight was dis
continued. The somewhat doubtful
score, as announced by Stanford
Steinbeck, president of the A.S.S.U.,
was 75-50, indicating 75 freshmen tied
up to 50 for the sophs. A few of the
officiating Block "S" men considered
the outcome 50-50.
Throughout the 15-minute interval
between the barkings of Steinbeck's
gun, the mighty sophomores, bearing
on their backs the blood-red hand of
wrath, dominated the green-smeared
frosh. "It was a fine, clean fight," re
marked Steinbeck. "And I wish to
thank the spectators for their co
operation in keeping off the field."
Sophomore leaders, Broderick, Doub,
and Hatch, commented on the sports
manship of the freshmen. Ray Force,
stocky freshman captain, stated his
only regret was that his side did not
win.
Charley Paddock and Dink Temple
ton were among the very interested
spectators of the battle. They walked
from group to group, exhorting the
freshmen to greater efforts.
Spectators, officials, facts, and pre
cedent all happily agreed yesterday
afternoon, as 174 sophomores gained
the decision over 175 frosh in the sec
ond tie-up since the mud-fight was dis
continued. The somewhat doubtful
score, as announced by Stanford
Steinbeck, president of the A.S.S.U.,
was 75-50, indicating 75 freshmen tied
up to 50 for the sophs. A few of the
officiating Block "S" men considered
the outcome 50-50.
Throughout the 15-minute interval
between the barkings of Steinbeck's
gun, the mighty sophomores, bearing
on their backs the blood-red hand of
wrath, dominated the green-smeared
frosh. "It was a fine, clean fight," re
marked Steinbeck. "And I wish to
thank the spectators for their co
operation in keeping off the field."
Sophomore leaders, Broderick, Doub,
and Hatch, commented on the sports
manship of the freshmen. Ray Force,
stocky freshman captain, stated his
only regret was that his side did not
win.
Charley Paddock and Dink Temple
ton were among the very interested
spectators of the battle. They walked
from group to group, exhorting the
freshmen to greater efforts.
Spectators, officials, facts, and pre
cedent all happily agreed yesterday
afternoon, as 174 sophomores gained
the decision over 175 frosh in the sec
ond tie-up since the mud-fight was dis
continued. The somewhat doubtful
score, as announced by Stanford
Steinbeck, president of the A.S.S.U.,
was 75-50, indicating 75 freshmen tied
up to 50 for the sophs. A few of the
officiating Block "S" men considered
the outcome 50-50.
Throughout the 15-minute interval
between the barkings of Steinbeck's
gun, the mighty sophomores, bearing
on their backs the blood-red hand of
wrath, dominated the green-smeared
frosh. "It was a fine, clean fight," re
marked Steinbeck. "And I wish to
thank the spectators for their co
operation in keeping off the field."
Sophomore leaders, Broderick, Doub,
and Hatch, commented on the sports
manship of the freshmen. Ray Force,
stocky freshman captain, stated his
only regret was that his side did not
win.
Charley Paddock and Dink Temple
ton were among the very interested
spectators of the battle. They walked
from group to group, exhorting the
freshmen to greater efforts.
Spectators, officials, facts, and pre
cedent all happily agreed yesterday
afternoon, as 174 sophomores gained
the decision over 175 frosh in the sec
ond tie-up since the mud-fight was dis
continued. The somewhat doubtful
score, as announced by Stanford
Steinbeck, president of the A.S.S.U.,
was 75-50, indicating 75 freshmen tied
up to 50 for the sophs. A few of the
officiating Block "S" men considered
the outcome 50-50.
Throughout the 15-minute interval
between the barkings of Steinbeck's
gun, the mighty sophomores, bearing
on their backs the blood-red hand of
wrath, dominated the green-smeared
frosh. "It was a fine, clean fight," re
marked Steinbeck. "And I wish to
thank the spectators for their co
operation in keeping off the field."
Sophomore leaders, Broderick, Doub,
and Hatch, commented on the sports
manship of the freshmen. Ray Force,
stocky freshman captain, stated his
only regret was that his side did not
win.
Charley Paddock and Dink Temple
ton were among the very interested
spectators of the battle. They walked
from group to group, exhorting the
freshmen to greater efforts.
Spectators, officials, facts, and pre
cedent all happily agreed yesterday
afternoon, as 174 sophomores gained
the decision over 175 frosh in the sec
ond tie-up since the mud-fight was dis
continued. The somewhat doubtful
score, as announced by Stanford
Steinbeck, president of the A.S.S.U.,
was 75-50, indicating 75 freshmen tied
up to 50 for the sophs. A few of the
officiating Block "S" men considered
the outcome 50-50.
Throughout the 15-minute interval
between the barkings of Steinbeck's
gun, the mighty sophomores, bearing
on their backs the blood-red hand of
wrath, dominated the green-smeared
frosh. "It was a fine, clean fight," re
marked Steinbeck. "And I wish to
thank the spectators for their co
operation in keeping off the field."
Sophomore leaders, Broderick, Doub,
and Hatch, commented on the sports
manship of the freshmen. Ray Force,
stocky freshman captain, stated his
only regret was that his side did not
win.
Charley Paddock and Dink Temple
ton were among the very interested
spectators of the battle. They walked
from group to group, exhorting the
freshmen to greater efforts.
Spectators, officials, facts, and pre
cedent all happily agreed yesterday
afternoon, as 174 sophomores gained
the decision over 175 frosh in the sec
ond tie-up since the mud-fight was dis
continued. The somewhat doubtful
score, as announced by Stanford
Steinbeck, president of the A.S.S.U.,
was 75-50, indicating 75 freshmen tied
up to 50 for the sophs. A few of the
officiating Block "S" men considered
the outcome 50-50.
Throughout the 15-minute interval
between the barkings of Steinbeck's
gun, the mighty sophomores, bearing
on their backs the blood-red hand of
wrath, dominated the green-smeared
frosh. "It was a fine, clean fight," re
marked Steinbeck. "And I wish to
thank the spectators for their co
operation in keeping off the field."
Sophomore leaders, Broderick, Doub,
and Hatch, commented on the sports
manship of the freshmen. Ray Force,
stocky freshman captain, stated his
only regret was that his side did not
win.
Charley Paddock and Dink Temple
ton were among the very interested
spectators of the battle. They walked
from group to group, exhorting the
freshmen to greater efforts.
Spectators, officials, facts, and pre
cedent all happily agreed yesterday
afternoon, as 174 sophomores gained
the decision over 175 frosh in the sec
ond tie-up since the mud-fight was dis
continued. The somewhat doubtful
score, as announced by Stanford
Steinbeck, president of the A.S.S.U.,
was 75-50, indicating 75 freshmen tied
up to 50 for the sophs. A few of the
officiating Block "S" men considered
the outcome 50-50.
Throughout the 15-minute interval
between the barkings of Steinbeck's
gun, the mighty sophomores, bearing
on their backs the blood-red hand of
wrath, dominated the green-smeared
frosh. "It was a fine, clean fight," re
marked Steinbeck. "And I wish to
thank the spectators for their co
operation in keeping off the field."
Sophomore leaders, Broderick, Doub,
and Hatch, commented on the sports
manship of the freshmen. Ray Force,
stocky freshman captain, stated his
only regret was that his side did not
win.
Charley Paddock and Dink Temple
ton were among the very interested
spectators of the battle. They walked
from group to group, exhorting the
freshmen to greater efforts.
Spectators, officials, facts, and pre
cedent all happily agreed yesterday
afternoon, as 174 sophomores gained
the decision over 175 frosh in the sec
ond tie-up since the mud-fight was dis
continued. The somewhat doubtful
score, as announced by Stanford
Steinbeck, president of the A.S.S.U.,
was 75-50, indicating 75 freshmen tied
up to 50 for the sophs. A few of the
officiating Block "S" men considered
the outcome 50-50.
Throughout the 15-minute interval
between the barkings of Steinbeck's
gun, the mighty sophomores, bearing
on their backs the blood-red hand of
wrath, dominated the green-smeared
frosh. "It was a fine, clean fight," re
marked Steinbeck. "And I wish to
thank the spectators for their co
operation in keeping off the field."
Sophomore leaders, Broderick, Doub,
and Hatch, commented on the sports
manship of the freshmen. Ray Force,
stocky freshman captain, stated his
only regret was that his side did not
win.
Charley Paddock and Dink Temple
ton were among the very interested
spectators of the battle. They walked
from group to group, exhorting the
freshmen to greater efforts.
Spectators, officials, facts, and pre
cedent all happily agreed yesterday
afternoon, as 174 sophomores gained
the decision over 175 frosh in the sec
ond tie-up since the mud-fight was dis
continued. The somewhat doubtful
score, as announced by Stanford
Steinbeck, president of the A.S.S.U.,
was 75-50, indicating 75 freshmen tied
up to 50 for the sophs. A few of the
officiating Block "S" men considered
the outcome 50-50.
Throughout the 15-minute interval
between the barkings of Steinbeck's
gun, the mighty sophomores, bearing
on their backs the blood-red hand of
wrath, dominated the green-smeared
frosh. "It was a fine, clean fight," re
marked Steinbeck. "And I wish to
thank the spectators for their co
operation in keeping off the field."
Sophomore leaders, Broderick, Doub,
and Hatch, commented on the sports
manship of the freshmen. Ray Force,
stocky freshman captain, stated his
only regret was that his side did not
win.
Charley Paddock and Dink Temple
ton were among the very interested
spectators of the battle. They walked
from group to group, exhorting the
freshmen to greater efforts.
Spectators, officials, facts, and pre
cedent all happily agreed yesterday
afternoon, as 174 sophomores gained
the decision over 175 frosh in the sec
ond tie-up since the mud-fight was dis
continued. The somewhat doubtful
score, as announced by Stanford
Steinbeck, president of the A.S.S.U.,
was 75-50, indicating 75 freshmen tied
up to 50 for the sophs. A few of the
officiating Block "S" men considered
the outcome 50-50.
Throughout the 15-minute interval
between the barkings of Steinbeck's
gun, the mighty sophomores, bearing
on their backs the blood-red hand of
wrath, dominated the green-smeared
frosh. "It was a fine, clean fight," re
marked Steinbeck. "And I wish to
thank the spectators for their co
operation in keeping off the field."
Sophomore leaders, Broderick, Doub,
and Hatch, commented on the sports
manship of the freshmen. Ray Force,
stocky freshman captain, stated his
only regret was that his side did not
win.
Charley Paddock and Dink Temple
ton were among the very interested
spectators of the battle. They walked
from group to group, exhorting the
freshmen to greater efforts.
Spectators, officials, facts, and pre
cedent all happily agreed yesterday
afternoon, as 174 sophomores gained
the decision over 175 frosh in the sec
ond tie-up since the mud-fight was dis
continued. The somewhat doubtful
score, as announced by Stanford
Steinbeck, president of the A.S.S.U.,
was 75-50, indicating 75 freshmen tied
up to 50 for the sophs. A few of the
officiating Block "S" men considered
the outcome 50-50.
Throughout the 15-minute interval
between the barkings of Steinbeck's
gun, the mighty sophomores, bearing
on their backs the blood-red hand of
wrath, dominated the green-smeared
frosh. "It was a fine, clean fight," re
marked Steinbeck. "And I wish to
thank the spectators for their co
operation in keeping off the field."
Sophomore leaders, Broderick, Doub,
and Hatch, commented on the sports
manship of the freshmen. Ray Force,
stocky freshman captain, stated his
only regret was that his side did not
win.
Charley Paddock and Dink Temple
ton were among the very interested
spectators of the battle. They walked
from group to group, exhorting the
freshmen to greater efforts.
Spectators, officials, facts, and pre
cedent all happily agreed yesterday
afternoon, as 174 sophomores gained
the decision over 175 frosh in the sec
ond tie-up since the mud-fight was dis
continued. The somewhat doubtful
score, as announced by Stanford
Steinbeck, president of the A.S.S.U.,
was 75-50, indicating 75 freshmen tied
up to 50 for the sophs. A few of the
officiating Block "S" men considered
the outcome 50-50.
Throughout the 15-minute interval
between the barkings of Steinbeck's
gun, the mighty sophomores, bearing
on their backs the blood-red hand of
wrath, dominated the green-smeared
frosh. "It was a fine, clean fight," re
marked Steinbeck. "And I wish to
thank the spectators for their co
operation in keeping off the field."
Sophomore leaders, Broderick, Doub,
and Hatch, commented on the sports
manship of the freshmen. Ray Force,
stocky freshman captain, stated his
only regret was that his side did not
win.
Charley Paddock and Dink Temple
ton were among the very interested
spectators of the battle. They walked
from group to group, exhorting the
freshmen to greater efforts.
Spectators, officials, facts, and pre
cedent all happily agreed yesterday
afternoon, as 174 sophomores gained
the decision over 175 frosh in the sec
ond tie-up since the mud-fight was dis
continued. The somewhat doubtful
score, as announced by Stanford
Steinbeck, president of the A.S.S.U.,
was 75-50, indicating 75 freshmen tied
up to 50 for the sophs. A few of the
officiating Block "S" men considered
the outcome 50-50.
Throughout the 15-minute interval
between the barkings of Steinbeck's
gun, the mighty sophomores, bearing
on their backs the blood-red hand of
wrath, dominated the green-smeared
frosh. "It was a fine, clean fight," re
marked Steinbeck. "And I wish to
thank the spectators for their co
operation in keeping off the field."
Sophomore leaders, Broderick, Doub,
and Hatch, commented on the sports
manship of the freshmen. Ray Force,
stocky freshman captain, stated his
only regret was that his side did not
win.
Charley Paddock and Dink Temple
ton were among the very interested
spectators of the battle. They walked
from group to group, exhorting the
freshmen to greater efforts.
