# Roth, Kirkwood To Speak Before Law School Smoker
## 
### 
"The Legal Status of Stanford Uni
versity," concerning the founding of
Stanford, its charter, provisions in
the California Constitution and Politi
cal Code regarding Stanford, the legal
significance of the limitation of wo
men students, and other details of
Stanford's legal status, will be dis
cussed by Almon E. Roth, Comptroller
of the University, at the annual
smoker of the Stanford Law Associa
tion to be held at the Old Union to
night at 7:30.
In addition to the principal address,
Dean Marion Rice Kirkwood will wel
come entering law students and speak
on work in the Law School for the
coming year.
"The Legal Status of Stanford Uni
versity," concerning the founding of
Stanford, its charter, provisions in
the California Constitution and Politi
cal Code regarding Stanford, the legal
significance of the limitation of wo
men students, and other details of
Stanford's legal status, will be dis
cussed by Almon E. Roth, Comptroller
of the University, at the annual
smoker of the Stanford Law Associa
tion to be held at the Old Union to
night at 7:30.
In addition to the principal address,
Dean Marion Rice Kirkwood will wel
come entering law students and speak
on work in the Law School for the
coming year.
"The Legal Status of Stanford Uni
versity," concerning the founding of
Stanford, its charter, provisions in
the California Constitution and Politi
cal Code regarding Stanford, the legal
significance of the limitation of wo
men students, and other details of
Stanford's legal status, will be dis
cussed by Almon E. Roth, Comptroller
of the University, at the annual
smoker of the Stanford Law Associa
tion to be held at the Old Union to
night at 7:30.
In addition to the principal address,
Dean Marion Rice Kirkwood will wel
come entering law students and speak
on work in the Law School for the
coming year.
"The Legal Status of Stanford Uni
versity," concerning the founding of
Stanford, its charter, provisions in
the California Constitution and Politi
cal Code regarding Stanford, the legal
significance of the limitation of wo
men students, and other details of
Stanford's legal status, will be dis
cussed by Almon E. Roth, Comptroller
of the University, at the annual
smoker of the Stanford Law Associa
tion to be held at the Old Union to
night at 7:30.
In addition to the principal address,
Dean Marion Rice Kirkwood will wel
come entering law students and speak
on work in the Law School for the
coming year.
"The Legal Status of Stanford Uni
versity," concerning the founding of
Stanford, its charter, provisions in
the California Constitution and Politi
cal Code regarding Stanford, the legal
significance of the limitation of wo
men students, and other details of
Stanford's legal status, will be dis
cussed by Almon E. Roth, Comptroller
of the University, at the annual
smoker of the Stanford Law Associa
tion to be held at the Old Union to
night at 7:30.
In addition to the principal address,
Dean Marion Rice Kirkwood will wel
come entering law students and speak
on work in the Law School for the
coming year.
"The Legal Status of Stanford Uni
versity," concerning the founding of
Stanford, its charter, provisions in
the California Constitution and Politi
cal Code regarding Stanford, the legal
significance of the limitation of wo
men students, and other details of
Stanford's legal status, will be dis
cussed by Almon E. Roth, Comptroller
of the University, at the annual
smoker of the Stanford Law Associa
tion to be held at the Old Union to
night at 7:30.
In addition to the principal address,
Dean Marion Rice Kirkwood will wel
come entering law students and speak
on work in the Law School for the
coming year.
"The Legal Status of Stanford Uni
versity," concerning the founding of
Stanford, its charter, provisions in
the California Constitution and Politi
cal Code regarding Stanford, the legal
significance of the limitation of wo
men students, and other details of
Stanford's legal status, will be dis
cussed by Almon E. Roth, Comptroller
of the University, at the annual
smoker of the Stanford Law Associa
tion to be held at the Old Union to
night at 7:30.
In addition to the principal address,
Dean Marion Rice Kirkwood will wel
come entering law students and speak
on work in the Law School for the
coming year.
"The Legal Status of Stanford Uni
versity," concerning the founding of
Stanford, its charter, provisions in
the California Constitution and Politi
cal Code regarding Stanford, the legal
significance of the limitation of wo
men students, and other details of
Stanford's legal status, will be dis
cussed by Almon E. Roth, Comptroller
of the University, at the annual
smoker of the Stanford Law Associa
tion to be held at the Old Union to
night at 7:30.
In addition to the principal address,
Dean Marion Rice Kirkwood will wel
come entering law students and speak
on work in the Law School for the
coming year.
"The Legal Status of Stanford Uni
versity," concerning the founding of
Stanford, its charter, provisions in
the California Constitution and Politi
cal Code regarding Stanford, the legal
significance of the limitation of wo
men students, and other details of
Stanford's legal status, will be dis
cussed by Almon E. Roth, Comptroller
of the University, at the annual
smoker of the Stanford Law Associa
tion to be held at the Old Union to
night at 7:30.
In addition to the principal address,
Dean Marion Rice Kirkwood will wel
come entering law students and speak
on work in the Law School for the
coming year.
"The Legal Status of Stanford Uni
versity," concerning the founding of
Stanford, its charter, provisions in
the California Constitution and Politi
cal Code regarding Stanford, the legal
significance of the limitation of wo
men students, and other details of
Stanford's legal status, will be dis
cussed by Almon E. Roth, Comptroller
of the University, at the annual
smoker of the Stanford Law Associa
tion to be held at the Old Union to
night at 7:30.
In addition to the principal address,
Dean Marion Rice Kirkwood will wel
come entering law students and speak
on work in the Law School for the
coming year.
"The Legal Status of Stanford Uni
versity," concerning the founding of
Stanford, its charter, provisions in
the California Constitution and Politi
cal Code regarding Stanford, the legal
significance of the limitation of wo
men students, and other details of
Stanford's legal status, will be dis
cussed by Almon E. Roth, Comptroller
of the University, at the annual
smoker of the Stanford Law Associa
tion to be held at the Old Union to
night at 7:30.
In addition to the principal address,
Dean Marion Rice Kirkwood will wel
come entering law students and speak
on work in the Law School for the
coming year.
"The Legal Status of Stanford Uni
versity," concerning the founding of
Stanford, its charter, provisions in
the California Constitution and Politi
cal Code regarding Stanford, the legal
significance of the limitation of wo
men students, and other details of
Stanford's legal status, will be dis
cussed by Almon E. Roth, Comptroller
of the University, at the annual
smoker of the Stanford Law Associa
tion to be held at the Old Union to
night at 7:30.
In addition to the principal address,
Dean Marion Rice Kirkwood will wel
come entering law students and speak
on work in the Law School for the
coming year.
"The Legal Status of Stanford Uni
versity," concerning the founding of
Stanford, its charter, provisions in
the California Constitution and Politi
cal Code regarding Stanford, the legal
significance of the limitation of wo
men students, and other details of
Stanford's legal status, will be dis
cussed by Almon E. Roth, Comptroller
of the University, at the annual
smoker of the Stanford Law Associa
tion to be held at the Old Union to
night at 7:30.
In addition to the principal address,
Dean Marion Rice Kirkwood will wel
come entering law students and speak
on work in the Law School for the
coming year.
"The Legal Status of Stanford Uni
versity," concerning the founding of
Stanford, its charter, provisions in
the California Constitution and Politi
cal Code regarding Stanford, the legal
significance of the limitation of wo
men students, and other details of
Stanford's legal status, will be dis
cussed by Almon E. Roth, Comptroller
of the University, at the annual
smoker of the Stanford Law Associa
tion to be held at the Old Union to
night at 7:30.
In addition to the principal address,
Dean Marion Rice Kirkwood will wel
come entering law students and speak
on work in the Law School for the
coming year.
"The Legal Status of Stanford Uni
versity," concerning the founding of
Stanford, its charter, provisions in
the California Constitution and Politi
cal Code regarding Stanford, the legal
significance of the limitation of wo
men students, and other details of
Stanford's legal status, will be dis
cussed by Almon E. Roth, Comptroller
of the University, at the annual
smoker of the Stanford Law Associa
tion to be held at the Old Union to
night at 7:30.
In addition to the principal address,
Dean Marion Rice Kirkwood will wel
come entering law students and speak
on work in the Law School for the
coming year.
"The Legal Status of Stanford Uni
versity," concerning the founding of
Stanford, its charter, provisions in
the California Constitution and Politi
cal Code regarding Stanford, the legal
significance of the limitation of wo
men students, and other details of
Stanford's legal status, will be dis
cussed by Almon E. Roth, Comptroller
of the University, at the annual
smoker of the Stanford Law Associa
tion to be held at the Old Union to
night at 7:30.
In addition to the principal address,
Dean Marion Rice Kirkwood will wel
come entering law students and speak
on work in the Law School for the
coming year.
"The Legal Status of Stanford Uni
versity," concerning the founding of
Stanford, its charter, provisions in
the California Constitution and Politi
cal Code regarding Stanford, the legal
significance of the limitation of wo
men students, and other details of
Stanford's legal status, will be dis
cussed by Almon E. Roth, Comptroller
of the University, at the annual
smoker of the Stanford Law Associa
tion to be held at the Old Union to
night at 7:30.
In addition to the principal address,
Dean Marion Rice Kirkwood will wel
come entering law students and speak
on work in the Law School for the
coming year.
