# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Burt M. McConnell, for ten years a
rewrite man for the Literary Digest, will
go into the uninhabited woods of North
western New Brunswick to live for three
months, wearing nothing but a pair of
spectacles.
Burt M. McConnell, for ten years a
rewrite man for the Literary Digest, will
go into the uninhabited woods of North
western New Brunswick to live for three
months, wearing nothing but a pair of
spectacles.
Burt M. McConnell, for ten years a
rewrite man for the Literary Digest, will
go into the uninhabited woods of North
western New Brunswick to live for three
months, wearing nothing but a pair of
spectacles.
Burt M. McConnell, for ten years a
rewrite man for the Literary Digest, will
go into the uninhabited woods of North
western New Brunswick to live for three
months, wearing nothing but a pair of
spectacles.
Burt M. McConnell, for ten years a
rewrite man for the Literary Digest, will
go into the uninhabited woods of North
western New Brunswick to live for three
months, wearing nothing but a pair of
spectacles.
Burt M. McConnell, for ten years a
rewrite man for the Literary Digest, will
go into the uninhabited woods of North
western New Brunswick to live for three
months, wearing nothing but a pair of
spectacles.
Burt M. McConnell, for ten years a
rewrite man for the Literary Digest, will
go into the uninhabited woods of North
western New Brunswick to live for three
months, wearing nothing but a pair of
spectacles.
Burt M. McConnell, for ten years a
rewrite man for the Literary Digest, will
go into the uninhabited woods of North
western New Brunswick to live for three
months, wearing nothing but a pair of
spectacles.
Burt M. McConnell, for ten years a
rewrite man for the Literary Digest, will
go into the uninhabited woods of North
western New Brunswick to live for three
months, wearing nothing but a pair of
spectacles.
Burt M. McConnell, for ten years a
rewrite man for the Literary Digest, will
go into the uninhabited woods of North
western New Brunswick to live for three
months, wearing nothing but a pair of
spectacles.
Burt M. McConnell, for ten years a
rewrite man for the Literary Digest, will
go into the uninhabited woods of North
western New Brunswick to live for three
months, wearing nothing but a pair of
spectacles.
Burt M. McConnell, for ten years a
rewrite man for the Literary Digest, will
go into the uninhabited woods of North
western New Brunswick to live for three
months, wearing nothing but a pair of
spectacles.
Burt M. McConnell, for ten years a
rewrite man for the Literary Digest, will
go into the uninhabited woods of North
western New Brunswick to live for three
months, wearing nothing but a pair of
spectacles.
Burt M. McConnell, for ten years a
rewrite man for the Literary Digest, will
go into the uninhabited woods of North
western New Brunswick to live for three
months, wearing nothing but a pair of
spectacles.
Burt M. McConnell, for ten years a
rewrite man for the Literary Digest, will
go into the uninhabited woods of North
western New Brunswick to live for three
months, wearing nothing but a pair of
spectacles.
Burt M. McConnell, for ten years a
rewrite man for the Literary Digest, will
go into the uninhabited woods of North
western New Brunswick to live for three
months, wearing nothing but a pair of
spectacles.
Burt M. McConnell, for ten years a
rewrite man for the Literary Digest, will
go into the uninhabited woods of North
western New Brunswick to live for three
months, wearing nothing but a pair of
spectacles.
