# Y.W.C.A. CABINET RULING
## 
### 
Y.W.C.A. Cabinet met last night in
the Women's Clubhouse for the first
meeting of the year with the new
secretary, Miss Mary Custis Foster.
Plans for the year were discussed and
it was announced that the Advisory
Board was intending to redecorate the
rooms on the third floor of the Club
house.
Y.W.C.A. Cabinet met last night in
the Women's Clubhouse for the first
meeting of the year with the new
secretary, Miss Mary Custis Foster.
Plans for the year were discussed and
it was announced that the Advisory
Board was intending to redecorate the
rooms on the third floor of the Club
house.
Y.W.C.A. Cabinet met last night in
the Women's Clubhouse for the first
meeting of the year with the new
secretary, Miss Mary Custis Foster.
Plans for the year were discussed and
it was announced that the Advisory
Board was intending to redecorate the
rooms on the third floor of the Club
house.
Y.W.C.A. Cabinet met last night in
the Women's Clubhouse for the first
meeting of the year with the new
secretary, Miss Mary Custis Foster.
Plans for the year were discussed and
it was announced that the Advisory
Board was intending to redecorate the
rooms on the third floor of the Club
house.
Y.W.C.A. Cabinet met last night in
the Women's Clubhouse for the first
meeting of the year with the new
secretary, Miss Mary Custis Foster.
Plans for the year were discussed and
it was announced that the Advisory
Board was intending to redecorate the
rooms on the third floor of the Club
house.
Y.W.C.A. Cabinet met last night in
the Women's Clubhouse for the first
meeting of the year with the new
secretary, Miss Mary Custis Foster.
Plans for the year were discussed and
it was announced that the Advisory
Board was intending to redecorate the
rooms on the third floor of the Club
house.
Y.W.C.A. Cabinet met last night in
the Women's Clubhouse for the first
meeting of the year with the new
secretary, Miss Mary Custis Foster.
Plans for the year were discussed and
it was announced that the Advisory
Board was intending to redecorate the
rooms on the third floor of the Club
house.
Y.W.C.A. Cabinet met last night in
the Women's Clubhouse for the first
meeting of the year with the new
secretary, Miss Mary Custis Foster.
Plans for the year were discussed and
it was announced that the Advisory
Board was intending to redecorate the
rooms on the third floor of the Club
house.
Y.W.C.A. Cabinet met last night in
the Women's Clubhouse for the first
meeting of the year with the new
secretary, Miss Mary Custis Foster.
Plans for the year were discussed and
it was announced that the Advisory
Board was intending to redecorate the
rooms on the third floor of the Club
house.
Y.W.C.A. Cabinet met last night in
the Women's Clubhouse for the first
meeting of the year with the new
secretary, Miss Mary Custis Foster.
Plans for the year were discussed and
it was announced that the Advisory
Board was intending to redecorate the
rooms on the third floor of the Club
house.
Y.W.C.A. Cabinet met last night in
the Women's Clubhouse for the first
meeting of the year with the new
secretary, Miss Mary Custis Foster.
Plans for the year were discussed and
it was announced that the Advisory
Board was intending to redecorate the
rooms on the third floor of the Club
house.
Y.W.C.A. Cabinet met last night in
the Women's Clubhouse for the first
meeting of the year with the new
secretary, Miss Mary Custis Foster.
Plans for the year were discussed and
it was announced that the Advisory
Board was intending to redecorate the
rooms on the third floor of the Club
house.
Y.W.C.A. Cabinet met last night in
the Women's Clubhouse for the first
meeting of the year with the new
secretary, Miss Mary Custis Foster.
Plans for the year were discussed and
it was announced that the Advisory
Board was intending to redecorate the
rooms on the third floor of the Club
house.
Y.W.C.A. Cabinet met last night in
the Women's Clubhouse for the first
meeting of the year with the new
secretary, Miss Mary Custis Foster.
Plans for the year were discussed and
it was announced that the Advisory
Board was intending to redecorate the
rooms on the third floor of the Club
house.
Y.W.C.A. Cabinet met last night in
the Women's Clubhouse for the first
meeting of the year with the new
secretary, Miss Mary Custis Foster.
Plans for the year were discussed and
it was announced that the Advisory
Board was intending to redecorate the
rooms on the third floor of the Club
house.
Y.W.C.A. Cabinet met last night in
the Women's Clubhouse for the first
meeting of the year with the new
secretary, Miss Mary Custis Foster.
Plans for the year were discussed and
it was announced that the Advisory
Board was intending to redecorate the
rooms on the third floor of the Club
house.
Y.W.C.A. Cabinet met last night in
the Women's Clubhouse for the first
meeting of the year with the new
secretary, Miss Mary Custis Foster.
Plans for the year were discussed and
it was announced that the Advisory
Board was intending to redecorate the
rooms on the third floor of the Club
house.
