# Untitled Article
## 
### 
A great number of inquiries have
been received by the Student Body
officers regarding the responsibility
of the Boat Club debts. The adver
tisement of a local firm on the vaud
eville program seems to have rattled
the bones of that emaciated skeleton.
The Student Body is not responsible
lor the debts of student organizations
not under its control. Their failure
or mismanagement may reflect dis
credit 011 the students in general,
but it does not follow that the Stu
dent Body should assume their lia
bilities. In regard to the ltoat Club
itselt it may be said that a remnant
of its debts was settled on the basis
of sixty cents on the dollar, and a
contract received forever releasing
it from the liability. And those who
are in a position to know state that

the amount paid by the Boat Club
was a royal price for the quality of
goods received.
