# Dr. Warner's Book.
## 
### 
Hesides the well-merited notice given
Pr. Warner's recent work on charities
by the Review of Reviews, the January
number of the Charities Review con
tains an article written by Philip W.
Ayres, Ph. P. Alter giving an inter
esting account of Pr. Warner's student
life, he concludes:
"Pr. Warner has a direct way of get
ting at the heart of things, and upon
whatever subject he speaks ho leads the
mind of the reader to a clear under
standing of it, so that one leaves the
special chapters of the whole book with
the feeling of having been introduced
to a large and satisfactory view. . . .
"What Adam Smith did for political
economy, l)r. Warner has done for
this new science, having even coincd
the word which expres3es this body of
knowledge—philanthr jpology."
It, is interesting to note that the book
has already been adopted in the student
courscs of the University of Wisconsin
and in the Cincinnati University
Hesides the well-merited notice given
Pr. Warner's recent work on charities
by the Review of Reviews, the January
number of the Charities Review con
tains an article written by Philip W.
Ayres, Ph. P. Alter giving an inter
esting account of Pr. Warner's student
life, he concludes:
"Pr. Warner has a direct way of get
ting at the heart of things, and upon
whatever subject he speaks ho leads the
mind of the reader to a clear under
standing of it, so that one leaves the
special chapters of the whole book with
the feeling of having been introduced
to a large and satisfactory view. . . .
"What Adam Smith did for political
economy, l)r. Warner has done for
this new science, having even coincd
the word which expres3es this body of
knowledge—philanthr jpology."
It, is interesting to note that the book
has already been adopted in the student
courscs of the University of Wisconsin
and in the Cincinnati University
Hesides the well-merited notice given
Pr. Warner's recent work on charities
by the Review of Reviews, the January
number of the Charities Review con
tains an article written by Philip W.
Ayres, Ph. P. Alter giving an inter
esting account of Pr. Warner's student
life, he concludes:
"Pr. Warner has a direct way of get
ting at the heart of things, and upon
whatever subject he speaks ho leads the
mind of the reader to a clear under
standing of it, so that one leaves the
special chapters of the whole book with
the feeling of having been introduced
to a large and satisfactory view. . . .
"What Adam Smith did for political
economy, l)r. Warner has done for
this new science, having even coincd
the word which expres3es this body of
knowledge—philanthr jpology."
It, is interesting to note that the book
has already been adopted in the student
courscs of the University of Wisconsin
and in the Cincinnati University
Hesides the well-merited notice given
Pr. Warner's recent work on charities
by the Review of Reviews, the January
number of the Charities Review con
tains an article written by Philip W.
Ayres, Ph. P. Alter giving an inter
esting account of Pr. Warner's student
life, he concludes:
"Pr. Warner has a direct way of get
ting at the heart of things, and upon
whatever subject he speaks ho leads the
mind of the reader to a clear under
standing of it, so that one leaves the
special chapters of the whole book with
the feeling of having been introduced
to a large and satisfactory view. . . .
"What Adam Smith did for political
economy, l)r. Warner has done for
this new science, having even coincd
the word which expres3es this body of
knowledge—philanthr jpology."
It, is interesting to note that the book
has already been adopted in the student
courscs of the University of Wisconsin
and in the Cincinnati University
