# SENIOR CLASS DUES NOW PAYABLE, SAYS GEORGE ELLSWORTH
## 
### 
Collection of senior class dues has
begun, announces George Ellsworth,
treasurer of the Class of 1928. He
urges that all members of the class
pay up at once, to aid in the appor
tionment of senior class funds for
such items as class gift, memorial,
and other senior activities. Dues are
$2 and are payable to all members of
the finance committee, or may be
mailed to George Ellsworth, Box 682,
Campus.
No senior who fails to pay his dues
will be allowed to sign the class roll,
| the only official record of member
ship in the class, nor can he purchase
a bid to the Senior Ball, culminating
social affair of Senior Week activi
ties, Ellsworth declared.
Personal solicitation to facilitate
collection of dues is proceeding under
the direction of the members of the
finance committee, who are George
Ellsworth, 314 Union; Leon Levi, 214
Branner; Don Cherry, 136 Toyon;
Wesley Jones, 407 Sequoia; Gordon
Knight, 209 Sequoia; Dick Cannon,
Theta Xi; Don Marquis, Sigma Nu;
I Jean Stewart, 301 lloble; Fay Hamil
ton, Delta Gamma; and Aileen Hicks,
Chi Omega. Dues may also be paid at
the accountant's window in the Old
Union.

Collection of senior class dues has
begun, announces George Ellsworth,
treasurer of the Class of 1928. He
urges that all members of the class
pay up at once, to aid in the appor
tionment of senior class funds for
such items as class gift, memorial,
and other senior activities. Dues are
$2 and are payable to all members of
the finance committee, or may be
mailed to George Ellsworth, Box 682,
Campus.
No senior who fails to pay his dues
will be allowed to sign the class roll,
| the only official record of member
ship in the class, nor can he purchase
a bid to the Senior Ball, culminating
social affair of Senior Week activi
ties, Ellsworth declared.
Personal solicitation to facilitate
collection of dues is proceeding under
the direction of the members of the
finance committee, who are George
Ellsworth, 314 Union; Leon Levi, 214
Branner; Don Cherry, 136 Toyon;
Wesley Jones, 407 Sequoia; Gordon
Knight, 209 Sequoia; Dick Cannon,
Theta Xi; Don Marquis, Sigma Nu;
I Jean Stewart, 301 lloble; Fay Hamil
ton, Delta Gamma; and Aileen Hicks,
Chi Omega. Dues may also be paid at
the accountant's window in the Old
Union.

Collection of senior class dues has
begun, announces George Ellsworth,
treasurer of the Class of 1928. He
urges that all members of the class
pay up at once, to aid in the appor
tionment of senior class funds for
such items as class gift, memorial,
and other senior activities. Dues are
$2 and are payable to all members of
the finance committee, or may be
mailed to George Ellsworth, Box 682,
Campus.
No senior who fails to pay his dues
will be allowed to sign the class roll,
| the only official record of member
ship in the class, nor can he purchase
a bid to the Senior Ball, culminating
social affair of Senior Week activi
ties, Ellsworth declared.
Personal solicitation to facilitate
collection of dues is proceeding under
the direction of the members of the
finance committee, who are George
Ellsworth, 314 Union; Leon Levi, 214
Branner; Don Cherry, 136 Toyon;
Wesley Jones, 407 Sequoia; Gordon
Knight, 209 Sequoia; Dick Cannon,
Theta Xi; Don Marquis, Sigma Nu;
I Jean Stewart, 301 lloble; Fay Hamil
ton, Delta Gamma; and Aileen Hicks,
Chi Omega. Dues may also be paid at
the accountant's window in the Old
Union.

Collection of senior class dues has
begun, announces George Ellsworth,
treasurer of the Class of 1928. He
urges that all members of the class
pay up at once, to aid in the appor
tionment of senior class funds for
such items as class gift, memorial,
and other senior activities. Dues are
$2 and are payable to all members of
the finance committee, or may be
mailed to George Ellsworth, Box 682,
Campus.
No senior who fails to pay his dues
will be allowed to sign the class roll,
| the only official record of member
ship in the class, nor can he purchase
a bid to the Senior Ball, culminating
social affair of Senior Week activi
ties, Ellsworth declared.
Personal solicitation to facilitate
collection of dues is proceeding under
the direction of the members of the
finance committee, who are George
Ellsworth, 314 Union; Leon Levi, 214
Branner; Don Cherry, 136 Toyon;
Wesley Jones, 407 Sequoia; Gordon
Knight, 209 Sequoia; Dick Cannon,
Theta Xi; Don Marquis, Sigma Nu;
I Jean Stewart, 301 lloble; Fay Hamil
ton, Delta Gamma; and Aileen Hicks,
Chi Omega. Dues may also be paid at
the accountant's window in the Old
Union.

Collection of senior class dues has
begun, announces George Ellsworth,
treasurer of the Class of 1928. He
urges that all members of the class
pay up at once, to aid in the appor
tionment of senior class funds for
such items as class gift, memorial,
and other senior activities. Dues are
$2 and are payable to all members of
the finance committee, or may be
mailed to George Ellsworth, Box 682,
Campus.
No senior who fails to pay his dues
will be allowed to sign the class roll,
| the only official record of member
ship in the class, nor can he purchase
a bid to the Senior Ball, culminating
social affair of Senior Week activi
ties, Ellsworth declared.
Personal solicitation to facilitate
collection of dues is proceeding under
the direction of the members of the
finance committee, who are George
Ellsworth, 314 Union; Leon Levi, 214
Branner; Don Cherry, 136 Toyon;
Wesley Jones, 407 Sequoia; Gordon
Knight, 209 Sequoia; Dick Cannon,
Theta Xi; Don Marquis, Sigma Nu;
I Jean Stewart, 301 lloble; Fay Hamil
ton, Delta Gamma; and Aileen Hicks,
Chi Omega. Dues may also be paid at
the accountant's window in the Old
Union.

Collection of senior class dues has
begun, announces George Ellsworth,
treasurer of the Class of 1928. He
urges that all members of the class
pay up at once, to aid in the appor
tionment of senior class funds for
such items as class gift, memorial,
and other senior activities. Dues are
$2 and are payable to all members of
the finance committee, or may be
mailed to George Ellsworth, Box 682,
Campus.
No senior who fails to pay his dues
will be allowed to sign the class roll,
| the only official record of member
ship in the class, nor can he purchase
a bid to the Senior Ball, culminating
social affair of Senior Week activi
ties, Ellsworth declared.
Personal solicitation to facilitate
collection of dues is proceeding under
the direction of the members of the
finance committee, who are George
Ellsworth, 314 Union; Leon Levi, 214
Branner; Don Cherry, 136 Toyon;
Wesley Jones, 407 Sequoia; Gordon
Knight, 209 Sequoia; Dick Cannon,
Theta Xi; Don Marquis, Sigma Nu;
I Jean Stewart, 301 lloble; Fay Hamil
ton, Delta Gamma; and Aileen Hicks,
Chi Omega. Dues may also be paid at
the accountant's window in the Old
Union.

Collection of senior class dues has
begun, announces George Ellsworth,
treasurer of the Class of 1928. He
urges that all members of the class
pay up at once, to aid in the appor
tionment of senior class funds for
such items as class gift, memorial,
and other senior activities. Dues are
$2 and are payable to all members of
the finance committee, or may be
mailed to George Ellsworth, Box 682,
Campus.
No senior who fails to pay his dues
will be allowed to sign the class roll,
| the only official record of member
ship in the class, nor can he purchase
a bid to the Senior Ball, culminating
social affair of Senior Week activi
ties, Ellsworth declared.
Personal solicitation to facilitate
collection of dues is proceeding under
the direction of the members of the
finance committee, who are George
Ellsworth, 314 Union; Leon Levi, 214
Branner; Don Cherry, 136 Toyon;
Wesley Jones, 407 Sequoia; Gordon
Knight, 209 Sequoia; Dick Cannon,
Theta Xi; Don Marquis, Sigma Nu;
I Jean Stewart, 301 lloble; Fay Hamil
ton, Delta Gamma; and Aileen Hicks,
Chi Omega. Dues may also be paid at
the accountant's window in the Old
Union.

Collection of senior class dues has
begun, announces George Ellsworth,
treasurer of the Class of 1928. He
urges that all members of the class
pay up at once, to aid in the appor
tionment of senior class funds for
such items as class gift, memorial,
and other senior activities. Dues are
$2 and are payable to all members of
the finance committee, or may be
mailed to George Ellsworth, Box 682,
Campus.
No senior who fails to pay his dues
will be allowed to sign the class roll,
| the only official record of member
ship in the class, nor can he purchase
a bid to the Senior Ball, culminating
social affair of Senior Week activi
ties, Ellsworth declared.
Personal solicitation to facilitate
collection of dues is proceeding under
the direction of the members of the
finance committee, who are George
Ellsworth, 314 Union; Leon Levi, 214
Branner; Don Cherry, 136 Toyon;
Wesley Jones, 407 Sequoia; Gordon
Knight, 209 Sequoia; Dick Cannon,
Theta Xi; Don Marquis, Sigma Nu;
I Jean Stewart, 301 lloble; Fay Hamil
ton, Delta Gamma; and Aileen Hicks,
Chi Omega. Dues may also be paid at
the accountant's window in the Old
Union.

Collection of senior class dues has
begun, announces George Ellsworth,
treasurer of the Class of 1928. He
urges that all members of the class
pay up at once, to aid in the appor
tionment of senior class funds for
such items as class gift, memorial,
and other senior activities. Dues are
$2 and are payable to all members of
the finance committee, or may be
mailed to George Ellsworth, Box 682,
Campus.
No senior who fails to pay his dues
will be allowed to sign the class roll,
| the only official record of member
ship in the class, nor can he purchase
a bid to the Senior Ball, culminating
social affair of Senior Week activi
ties, Ellsworth declared.
Personal solicitation to facilitate
collection of dues is proceeding under
the direction of the members of the
finance committee, who are George
Ellsworth, 314 Union; Leon Levi, 214
Branner; Don Cherry, 136 Toyon;
Wesley Jones, 407 Sequoia; Gordon
Knight, 209 Sequoia; Dick Cannon,
Theta Xi; Don Marquis, Sigma Nu;
I Jean Stewart, 301 lloble; Fay Hamil
ton, Delta Gamma; and Aileen Hicks,
Chi Omega. Dues may also be paid at
the accountant's window in the Old
Union.

Collection of senior class dues has
begun, announces George Ellsworth,
treasurer of the Class of 1928. He
urges that all members of the class
pay up at once, to aid in the appor
tionment of senior class funds for
such items as class gift, memorial,
and other senior activities. Dues are
$2 and are payable to all members of
the finance committee, or may be
mailed to George Ellsworth, Box 682,
Campus.
No senior who fails to pay his dues
will be allowed to sign the class roll,
| the only official record of member
ship in the class, nor can he purchase
a bid to the Senior Ball, culminating
social affair of Senior Week activi
ties, Ellsworth declared.
Personal solicitation to facilitate
collection of dues is proceeding under
the direction of the members of the
finance committee, who are George
Ellsworth, 314 Union; Leon Levi, 214
Branner; Don Cherry, 136 Toyon;
Wesley Jones, 407 Sequoia; Gordon
Knight, 209 Sequoia; Dick Cannon,
Theta Xi; Don Marquis, Sigma Nu;
I Jean Stewart, 301 lloble; Fay Hamil
ton, Delta Gamma; and Aileen Hicks,
Chi Omega. Dues may also be paid at
the accountant's window in the Old
Union.

Collection of senior class dues has
begun, announces George Ellsworth,
treasurer of the Class of 1928. He
urges that all members of the class
pay up at once, to aid in the appor
tionment of senior class funds for
such items as class gift, memorial,
and other senior activities. Dues are
$2 and are payable to all members of
the finance committee, or may be
mailed to George Ellsworth, Box 682,
Campus.
No senior who fails to pay his dues
will be allowed to sign the class roll,
| the only official record of member
ship in the class, nor can he purchase
a bid to the Senior Ball, culminating
social affair of Senior Week activi
ties, Ellsworth declared.
Personal solicitation to facilitate
collection of dues is proceeding under
the direction of the members of the
finance committee, who are George
Ellsworth, 314 Union; Leon Levi, 214
Branner; Don Cherry, 136 Toyon;
Wesley Jones, 407 Sequoia; Gordon
Knight, 209 Sequoia; Dick Cannon,
Theta Xi; Don Marquis, Sigma Nu;
I Jean Stewart, 301 lloble; Fay Hamil
ton, Delta Gamma; and Aileen Hicks,
Chi Omega. Dues may also be paid at
the accountant's window in the Old
Union.

Collection of senior class dues has
begun, announces George Ellsworth,
treasurer of the Class of 1928. He
urges that all members of the class
pay up at once, to aid in the appor
tionment of senior class funds for
such items as class gift, memorial,
and other senior activities. Dues are
$2 and are payable to all members of
the finance committee, or may be
mailed to George Ellsworth, Box 682,
Campus.
No senior who fails to pay his dues
will be allowed to sign the class roll,
| the only official record of member
ship in the class, nor can he purchase
a bid to the Senior Ball, culminating
social affair of Senior Week activi
ties, Ellsworth declared.
Personal solicitation to facilitate
collection of dues is proceeding under
the direction of the members of the
finance committee, who are George
Ellsworth, 314 Union; Leon Levi, 214
Branner; Don Cherry, 136 Toyon;
Wesley Jones, 407 Sequoia; Gordon
Knight, 209 Sequoia; Dick Cannon,
Theta Xi; Don Marquis, Sigma Nu;
I Jean Stewart, 301 lloble; Fay Hamil
ton, Delta Gamma; and Aileen Hicks,
Chi Omega. Dues may also be paid at
the accountant's window in the Old
Union.

Collection of senior class dues has
begun, announces George Ellsworth,
treasurer of the Class of 1928. He
urges that all members of the class
pay up at once, to aid in the appor
tionment of senior class funds for
such items as class gift, memorial,
and other senior activities. Dues are
$2 and are payable to all members of
the finance committee, or may be
mailed to George Ellsworth, Box 682,
Campus.
No senior who fails to pay his dues
will be allowed to sign the class roll,
| the only official record of member
ship in the class, nor can he purchase
a bid to the Senior Ball, culminating
social affair of Senior Week activi
ties, Ellsworth declared.
Personal solicitation to facilitate
collection of dues is proceeding under
the direction of the members of the
finance committee, who are George
Ellsworth, 314 Union; Leon Levi, 214
Branner; Don Cherry, 136 Toyon;
Wesley Jones, 407 Sequoia; Gordon
Knight, 209 Sequoia; Dick Cannon,
Theta Xi; Don Marquis, Sigma Nu;
I Jean Stewart, 301 lloble; Fay Hamil
ton, Delta Gamma; and Aileen Hicks,
Chi Omega. Dues may also be paid at
the accountant's window in the Old
Union.

Collection of senior class dues has
begun, announces George Ellsworth,
treasurer of the Class of 1928. He
urges that all members of the class
pay up at once, to aid in the appor
tionment of senior class funds for
such items as class gift, memorial,
and other senior activities. Dues are
$2 and are payable to all members of
the finance committee, or may be
mailed to George Ellsworth, Box 682,
Campus.
No senior who fails to pay his dues
will be allowed to sign the class roll,
| the only official record of member
ship in the class, nor can he purchase
a bid to the Senior Ball, culminating
social affair of Senior Week activi
ties, Ellsworth declared.
Personal solicitation to facilitate
collection of dues is proceeding under
the direction of the members of the
finance committee, who are George
Ellsworth, 314 Union; Leon Levi, 214
Branner; Don Cherry, 136 Toyon;
Wesley Jones, 407 Sequoia; Gordon
Knight, 209 Sequoia; Dick Cannon,
Theta Xi; Don Marquis, Sigma Nu;
I Jean Stewart, 301 lloble; Fay Hamil
ton, Delta Gamma; and Aileen Hicks,
Chi Omega. Dues may also be paid at
the accountant's window in the Old
Union.

Collection of senior class dues has
begun, announces George Ellsworth,
treasurer of the Class of 1928. He
urges that all members of the class
pay up at once, to aid in the appor
tionment of senior class funds for
such items as class gift, memorial,
and other senior activities. Dues are
$2 and are payable to all members of
the finance committee, or may be
mailed to George Ellsworth, Box 682,
Campus.
No senior who fails to pay his dues
will be allowed to sign the class roll,
| the only official record of member
ship in the class, nor can he purchase
a bid to the Senior Ball, culminating
social affair of Senior Week activi
ties, Ellsworth declared.
Personal solicitation to facilitate
collection of dues is proceeding under
the direction of the members of the
finance committee, who are George
Ellsworth, 314 Union; Leon Levi, 214
Branner; Don Cherry, 136 Toyon;
Wesley Jones, 407 Sequoia; Gordon
Knight, 209 Sequoia; Dick Cannon,
Theta Xi; Don Marquis, Sigma Nu;
I Jean Stewart, 301 lloble; Fay Hamil
ton, Delta Gamma; and Aileen Hicks,
Chi Omega. Dues may also be paid at
the accountant's window in the Old
Union.

Collection of senior class dues has
begun, announces George Ellsworth,
treasurer of the Class of 1928. He
urges that all members of the class
pay up at once, to aid in the appor
tionment of senior class funds for
such items as class gift, memorial,
and other senior activities. Dues are
$2 and are payable to all members of
the finance committee, or may be
mailed to George Ellsworth, Box 682,
Campus.
No senior who fails to pay his dues
will be allowed to sign the class roll,
| the only official record of member
ship in the class, nor can he purchase
a bid to the Senior Ball, culminating
social affair of Senior Week activi
ties, Ellsworth declared.
Personal solicitation to facilitate
collection of dues is proceeding under
the direction of the members of the
finance committee, who are George
Ellsworth, 314 Union; Leon Levi, 214
Branner; Don Cherry, 136 Toyon;
Wesley Jones, 407 Sequoia; Gordon
Knight, 209 Sequoia; Dick Cannon,
Theta Xi; Don Marquis, Sigma Nu;
I Jean Stewart, 301 lloble; Fay Hamil
ton, Delta Gamma; and Aileen Hicks,
Chi Omega. Dues may also be paid at
the accountant's window in the Old
Union.

