# JUNIORS TO MEET ON NEXT TUESDAY NIGHT
## 
### 
The Class of 1929 will meet next Tues- !
clay night at 7 :15 in room 214. The Jun- j
ior Prom, Junior Opera, Cord Ball, and j
all other class events will be discussed, j
There will also be reports from various j
committee heads.
This is the first meeting of the juniors !
under the new class administration and !
all members of the class of '29 are asked j
by Bob Hume, class president, to at- j
tend.
The Class of 1929 will meet next Tues- !
clay night at 7 :15 in room 214. The Jun- j
ior Prom, Junior Opera, Cord Ball, and j
all other class events will be discussed, j
There will also be reports from various j
committee heads.
This is the first meeting of the juniors !
under the new class administration and !
all members of the class of '29 are asked j
by Bob Hume, class president, to at- j
tend.
The Class of 1929 will meet next Tues- !
clay night at 7 :15 in room 214. The Jun- j
ior Prom, Junior Opera, Cord Ball, and j
all other class events will be discussed, j
There will also be reports from various j
committee heads.
This is the first meeting of the juniors !
under the new class administration and !
all members of the class of '29 are asked j
by Bob Hume, class president, to at- j
tend.
The Class of 1929 will meet next Tues- !
clay night at 7 :15 in room 214. The Jun- j
ior Prom, Junior Opera, Cord Ball, and j
all other class events will be discussed, j
There will also be reports from various j
committee heads.
This is the first meeting of the juniors !
under the new class administration and !
all members of the class of '29 are asked j
by Bob Hume, class president, to at- j
tend.
The Class of 1929 will meet next Tues- !
clay night at 7 :15 in room 214. The Jun- j
ior Prom, Junior Opera, Cord Ball, and j
all other class events will be discussed, j
There will also be reports from various j
committee heads.
This is the first meeting of the juniors !
under the new class administration and !
all members of the class of '29 are asked j
by Bob Hume, class president, to at- j
tend.
The Class of 1929 will meet next Tues- !
clay night at 7 :15 in room 214. The Jun- j
ior Prom, Junior Opera, Cord Ball, and j
all other class events will be discussed, j
There will also be reports from various j
committee heads.
This is the first meeting of the juniors !
under the new class administration and !
all members of the class of '29 are asked j
by Bob Hume, class president, to at- j
tend.
The Class of 1929 will meet next Tues- !
clay night at 7 :15 in room 214. The Jun- j
ior Prom, Junior Opera, Cord Ball, and j
all other class events will be discussed, j
There will also be reports from various j
committee heads.
This is the first meeting of the juniors !
under the new class administration and !
all members of the class of '29 are asked j
by Bob Hume, class president, to at- j
tend.
The Class of 1929 will meet next Tues- !
clay night at 7 :15 in room 214. The Jun- j
ior Prom, Junior Opera, Cord Ball, and j
all other class events will be discussed, j
There will also be reports from various j
committee heads.
This is the first meeting of the juniors !
under the new class administration and !
all members of the class of '29 are asked j
by Bob Hume, class president, to at- j
tend.
The Class of 1929 will meet next Tues- !
clay night at 7 :15 in room 214. The Jun- j
ior Prom, Junior Opera, Cord Ball, and j
all other class events will be discussed, j
There will also be reports from various j
committee heads.
This is the first meeting of the juniors !
under the new class administration and !
all members of the class of '29 are asked j
by Bob Hume, class president, to at- j
tend.
The Class of 1929 will meet next Tues- !
clay night at 7 :15 in room 214. The Jun- j
ior Prom, Junior Opera, Cord Ball, and j
all other class events will be discussed, j
There will also be reports from various j
committee heads.
This is the first meeting of the juniors !
under the new class administration and !
all members of the class of '29 are asked j
by Bob Hume, class president, to at- j
tend.
The Class of 1929 will meet next Tues- !
clay night at 7 :15 in room 214. The Jun- j
ior Prom, Junior Opera, Cord Ball, and j
all other class events will be discussed, j
There will also be reports from various j
committee heads.
This is the first meeting of the juniors !
under the new class administration and !
all members of the class of '29 are asked j
by Bob Hume, class president, to at- j
tend.
The Class of 1929 will meet next Tues- !
clay night at 7 :15 in room 214. The Jun- j
ior Prom, Junior Opera, Cord Ball, and j
all other class events will be discussed, j
There will also be reports from various j
committee heads.
This is the first meeting of the juniors !
under the new class administration and !
all members of the class of '29 are asked j
by Bob Hume, class president, to at- j
tend.
The Class of 1929 will meet next Tues- !
clay night at 7 :15 in room 214. The Jun- j
ior Prom, Junior Opera, Cord Ball, and j
all other class events will be discussed, j
There will also be reports from various j
committee heads.
This is the first meeting of the juniors !
under the new class administration and !
all members of the class of '29 are asked j
by Bob Hume, class president, to at- j
tend.
The Class of 1929 will meet next Tues- !
clay night at 7 :15 in room 214. The Jun- j
ior Prom, Junior Opera, Cord Ball, and j
all other class events will be discussed, j
There will also be reports from various j
committee heads.
This is the first meeting of the juniors !
under the new class administration and !
all members of the class of '29 are asked j
by Bob Hume, class president, to at- j
tend.
The Class of 1929 will meet next Tues- !
clay night at 7 :15 in room 214. The Jun- j
ior Prom, Junior Opera, Cord Ball, and j
all other class events will be discussed, j
There will also be reports from various j
committee heads.
This is the first meeting of the juniors !
under the new class administration and !
all members of the class of '29 are asked j
by Bob Hume, class president, to at- j
tend.
The Class of 1929 will meet next Tues- !
clay night at 7 :15 in room 214. The Jun- j
ior Prom, Junior Opera, Cord Ball, and j
all other class events will be discussed, j
There will also be reports from various j
committee heads.
This is the first meeting of the juniors !
under the new class administration and !
all members of the class of '29 are asked j
by Bob Hume, class president, to at- j
tend.
