# A.S.C.E. WILL HONOR PROFESSOR C. B. WING AT DINNER IN UNION
## 
### 
The American Society of Civil En
gineers will give a banquet Tuesday
night at 6:45 o'clock in the Stanford
Union in honor of Charles Benjamin
Wing, professor of structural engi
neering at Stanford since 1893, who
is retiring next year.

Charles David Marx, Professor
Emeritus of Civil Engineering and for
many years a friend of Professor
Wing, will officiate at the banquet.
President Wilbur and Shirley Baker
will speak. All alumni of the Civil
Engineering department in the Bay
Region and all of Professor Wing's
friends on the campus are invited.

Professor Wing will devote his en
tire time to his position as Chairman
of the State Park Commission to
which place he has recently been ap
pointed, having been chairman of the
Redwood Park Commission for sev
eral years.
