# Swell the Crowd at the Rally.
## 
### 
California rooters will liave new
style rooter hats for the game Sat
urday.
The freshmen at. the University of
lowa won the pushball contest again
this year, making tlie third consecu
tive victory for the first-year men.
The rushes were fierce and a number
of men received minor injuries.
California rooters will liave new
style rooter hats for the game Sat
urday.
The freshmen at. the University of
lowa won the pushball contest again
this year, making tlie third consecu
tive victory for the first-year men.
The rushes were fierce and a number
of men received minor injuries.
California rooters will liave new
style rooter hats for the game Sat
urday.
The freshmen at. the University of
lowa won the pushball contest again
this year, making tlie third consecu
tive victory for the first-year men.
The rushes were fierce and a number
of men received minor injuries.
California rooters will liave new
style rooter hats for the game Sat
urday.
The freshmen at. the University of
lowa won the pushball contest again
this year, making tlie third consecu
tive victory for the first-year men.
The rushes were fierce and a number
of men received minor injuries.
California rooters will liave new
style rooter hats for the game Sat
urday.
The freshmen at. the University of
lowa won the pushball contest again
this year, making tlie third consecu
tive victory for the first-year men.
The rushes were fierce and a number
of men received minor injuries.
California rooters will liave new
style rooter hats for the game Sat
urday.
The freshmen at. the University of
lowa won the pushball contest again
this year, making tlie third consecu
tive victory for the first-year men.
The rushes were fierce and a number
of men received minor injuries.
California rooters will liave new
style rooter hats for the game Sat
urday.
The freshmen at. the University of
lowa won the pushball contest again
this year, making tlie third consecu
tive victory for the first-year men.
The rushes were fierce and a number
of men received minor injuries.
California rooters will liave new
style rooter hats for the game Sat
urday.
The freshmen at. the University of
lowa won the pushball contest again
this year, making tlie third consecu
tive victory for the first-year men.
The rushes were fierce and a number
of men received minor injuries.
California rooters will liave new
style rooter hats for the game Sat
urday.
The freshmen at. the University of
lowa won the pushball contest again
this year, making tlie third consecu
tive victory for the first-year men.
The rushes were fierce and a number
of men received minor injuries.
California rooters will liave new
style rooter hats for the game Sat
urday.
The freshmen at. the University of
lowa won the pushball contest again
this year, making tlie third consecu
tive victory for the first-year men.
The rushes were fierce and a number
of men received minor injuries.
California rooters will liave new
style rooter hats for the game Sat
urday.
The freshmen at. the University of
lowa won the pushball contest again
this year, making tlie third consecu
tive victory for the first-year men.
The rushes were fierce and a number
of men received minor injuries.
