# Vancouver Men Remain to See Game.
## 
### 
Five of the men of the Vancouver
team, realizing what a close and hard
fought battle thf- Varsity game is to
be, decided not to go north with (lie
rest of their team-maes who left San
Francisco last night, and so will re
main on the campus to see Satur
day's game. These men who are Ellis.
McCloud, .MCiMillian, Captain Byrne
and .McDonald, who was acting-cap
tain in the games here, will be taken
to the big game and the football show
by Manager Burbank as guests of the
Student. Body.
Five of the men of the Vancouver
team, realizing what a close and hard
fought battle thf- Varsity game is to
be, decided not to go north with (lie
rest of their team-maes who left San
Francisco last night, and so will re
main on the campus to see Satur
day's game. These men who are Ellis.
McCloud, .MCiMillian, Captain Byrne
and .McDonald, who was acting-cap
tain in the games here, will be taken
to the big game and the football show
by Manager Burbank as guests of the
Student. Body.
Five of the men of the Vancouver
team, realizing what a close and hard
fought battle thf- Varsity game is to
be, decided not to go north with (lie
rest of their team-maes who left San
Francisco last night, and so will re
main on the campus to see Satur
day's game. These men who are Ellis.
McCloud, .MCiMillian, Captain Byrne
and .McDonald, who was acting-cap
tain in the games here, will be taken
to the big game and the football show
by Manager Burbank as guests of the
Student. Body.
Five of the men of the Vancouver
team, realizing what a close and hard
fought battle thf- Varsity game is to
be, decided not to go north with (lie
rest of their team-maes who left San
Francisco last night, and so will re
main on the campus to see Satur
day's game. These men who are Ellis.
McCloud, .MCiMillian, Captain Byrne
and .McDonald, who was acting-cap
tain in the games here, will be taken
to the big game and the football show
by Manager Burbank as guests of the
Student. Body.
Five of the men of the Vancouver
team, realizing what a close and hard
fought battle thf- Varsity game is to
be, decided not to go north with (lie
rest of their team-maes who left San
Francisco last night, and so will re
main on the campus to see Satur
day's game. These men who are Ellis.
McCloud, .MCiMillian, Captain Byrne
and .McDonald, who was acting-cap
tain in the games here, will be taken
to the big game and the football show
by Manager Burbank as guests of the
Student. Body.
Five of the men of the Vancouver
team, realizing what a close and hard
fought battle thf- Varsity game is to
be, decided not to go north with (lie
rest of their team-maes who left San
Francisco last night, and so will re
main on the campus to see Satur
day's game. These men who are Ellis.
McCloud, .MCiMillian, Captain Byrne
and .McDonald, who was acting-cap
tain in the games here, will be taken
to the big game and the football show
by Manager Burbank as guests of the
Student. Body.
Five of the men of the Vancouver
team, realizing what a close and hard
fought battle thf- Varsity game is to
be, decided not to go north with (lie
rest of their team-maes who left San
Francisco last night, and so will re
main on the campus to see Satur
day's game. These men who are Ellis.
McCloud, .MCiMillian, Captain Byrne
and .McDonald, who was acting-cap
tain in the games here, will be taken
to the big game and the football show
by Manager Burbank as guests of the
Student. Body.
Five of the men of the Vancouver
team, realizing what a close and hard
fought battle thf- Varsity game is to
be, decided not to go north with (lie
rest of their team-maes who left San
Francisco last night, and so will re
main on the campus to see Satur
day's game. These men who are Ellis.
McCloud, .MCiMillian, Captain Byrne
and .McDonald, who was acting-cap
tain in the games here, will be taken
to the big game and the football show
by Manager Burbank as guests of the
Student. Body.
Five of the men of the Vancouver
team, realizing what a close and hard
fought battle thf- Varsity game is to
be, decided not to go north with (lie
rest of their team-maes who left San
Francisco last night, and so will re
main on the campus to see Satur
day's game. These men who are Ellis.
McCloud, .MCiMillian, Captain Byrne
and .McDonald, who was acting-cap
tain in the games here, will be taken
to the big game and the football show
by Manager Burbank as guests of the
Student. Body.
Five of the men of the Vancouver
team, realizing what a close and hard
fought battle thf- Varsity game is to
be, decided not to go north with (lie
rest of their team-maes who left San
Francisco last night, and so will re
main on the campus to see Satur
day's game. These men who are Ellis.
McCloud, .MCiMillian, Captain Byrne
and .McDonald, who was acting-cap
tain in the games here, will be taken
to the big game and the football show
by Manager Burbank as guests of the
Student. Body.
Five of the men of the Vancouver
team, realizing what a close and hard
fought battle thf- Varsity game is to
be, decided not to go north with (lie
rest of their team-maes who left San
Francisco last night, and so will re
main on the campus to see Satur
day's game. These men who are Ellis.
McCloud, .MCiMillian, Captain Byrne
and .McDonald, who was acting-cap
tain in the games here, will be taken
to the big game and the football show
by Manager Burbank as guests of the
Student. Body.
