# Adv. 3 Page 2
## 
### 
r
Clues A ;
from I i
the K
"STRAIGHT AND
NARROW"
Is still followed today and
wisely—in these slender
izing white skirts.
• Basketweave
• Wool
$4 — $6
at the
CLOTHES CLOSET i
51 0 Waverley
; i
HARRIET MOORE
Presents
THE LATEST IN
SUMMER MILLINERY
Broad Brims Are the
Order of the
Day
I # -
Harriet Moore
205 Univ. Ave.
r
Clues A ;
from I i
the K
"STRAIGHT AND
NARROW"
Is still followed today and
wisely—in these slender
izing white skirts.
• Basketweave
• Wool
$4 — $6
at the
CLOTHES CLOSET i
51 0 Waverley
; i
HARRIET MOORE
Presents
THE LATEST IN
SUMMER MILLINERY
Broad Brims Are the
Order of the
Day
I # -
Harriet Moore
205 Univ. Ave.
r
Clues A ;
from I i
the K
"STRAIGHT AND
NARROW"
Is still followed today and
wisely—in these slender
izing white skirts.
• Basketweave
• Wool
$4 — $6
at the
CLOTHES CLOSET i
51 0 Waverley
; i
HARRIET MOORE
Presents
THE LATEST IN
SUMMER MILLINERY
Broad Brims Are the
Order of the
Day
I # -
Harriet Moore
205 Univ. Ave.
r
Clues A ;
from I i
the K
"STRAIGHT AND
NARROW"
Is still followed today and
wisely—in these slender
izing white skirts.
• Basketweave
• Wool
$4 — $6
at the
CLOTHES CLOSET i
51 0 Waverley
; i
HARRIET MOORE
Presents
THE LATEST IN
SUMMER MILLINERY
Broad Brims Are the
Order of the
Day
I # -
Harriet Moore
205 Univ. Ave.
r
Clues A ;
from I i
the K
"STRAIGHT AND
NARROW"
Is still followed today and
wisely—in these slender
izing white skirts.
• Basketweave
• Wool
$4 — $6
at the
CLOTHES CLOSET i
51 0 Waverley
; i
HARRIET MOORE
Presents
THE LATEST IN
SUMMER MILLINERY
Broad Brims Are the
Order of the
Day
I # -
Harriet Moore
205 Univ. Ave.
r
Clues A ;
from I i
the K
"STRAIGHT AND
NARROW"
Is still followed today and
wisely—in these slender
izing white skirts.
• Basketweave
• Wool
$4 — $6
at the
CLOTHES CLOSET i
51 0 Waverley
; i
HARRIET MOORE
Presents
THE LATEST IN
SUMMER MILLINERY
Broad Brims Are the
Order of the
Day
I # -
Harriet Moore
205 Univ. Ave.
r
Clues A ;
from I i
the K
"STRAIGHT AND
NARROW"
Is still followed today and
wisely—in these slender
izing white skirts.
• Basketweave
• Wool
$4 — $6
at the
CLOTHES CLOSET i
51 0 Waverley
; i
HARRIET MOORE
Presents
THE LATEST IN
SUMMER MILLINERY
Broad Brims Are the
Order of the
Day
I # -
Harriet Moore
205 Univ. Ave.
r
Clues A ;
from I i
the K
"STRAIGHT AND
NARROW"
Is still followed today and
wisely—in these slender
izing white skirts.
• Basketweave
• Wool
$4 — $6
at the
CLOTHES CLOSET i
51 0 Waverley
; i
HARRIET MOORE
Presents
THE LATEST IN
SUMMER MILLINERY
Broad Brims Are the
Order of the
Day
I # -
Harriet Moore
205 Univ. Ave.
r
Clues A ;
from I i
the K
"STRAIGHT AND
NARROW"
Is still followed today and
wisely—in these slender
izing white skirts.
• Basketweave
• Wool
$4 — $6
at the
CLOTHES CLOSET i
51 0 Waverley
; i
HARRIET MOORE
Presents
THE LATEST IN
SUMMER MILLINERY
Broad Brims Are the
Order of the
Day
I # -
Harriet Moore
205 Univ. Ave.
r
Clues A ;
from I i
the K
"STRAIGHT AND
NARROW"
Is still followed today and
wisely—in these slender
izing white skirts.
• Basketweave
• Wool
$4 — $6
at the
CLOTHES CLOSET i
51 0 Waverley
; i
HARRIET MOORE
Presents
THE LATEST IN
SUMMER MILLINERY
Broad Brims Are the
Order of the
Day
I # -
Harriet Moore
205 Univ. Ave.
r
Clues A ;
from I i
the K
"STRAIGHT AND
NARROW"
Is still followed today and
wisely—in these slender
izing white skirts.
• Basketweave
• Wool
$4 — $6
at the
CLOTHES CLOSET i
51 0 Waverley
; i
HARRIET MOORE
Presents
THE LATEST IN
SUMMER MILLINERY
Broad Brims Are the
Order of the
Day
I # -
Harriet Moore
205 Univ. Ave.
r
Clues A ;
from I i
the K
"STRAIGHT AND
NARROW"
Is still followed today and
wisely—in these slender
izing white skirts.
• Basketweave
• Wool
$4 — $6
at the
CLOTHES CLOSET i
51 0 Waverley
; i
HARRIET MOORE
Presents
THE LATEST IN
SUMMER MILLINERY
Broad Brims Are the
Order of the
Day
I # -
Harriet Moore
205 Univ. Ave.
r
Clues A ;
from I i
the K
"STRAIGHT AND
NARROW"
Is still followed today and
wisely—in these slender
izing white skirts.
• Basketweave
• Wool
$4 — $6
at the
CLOTHES CLOSET i
51 0 Waverley
; i
HARRIET MOORE
Presents
THE LATEST IN
SUMMER MILLINERY
Broad Brims Are the
Order of the
Day
I # -
Harriet Moore
205 Univ. Ave.
r
Clues A ;
from I i
the K
"STRAIGHT AND
NARROW"
Is still followed today and
wisely—in these slender
izing white skirts.
• Basketweave
• Wool
$4 — $6
at the
CLOTHES CLOSET i
51 0 Waverley
; i
HARRIET MOORE
Presents
THE LATEST IN
SUMMER MILLINERY
Broad Brims Are the
Order of the
Day
I # -
Harriet Moore
205 Univ. Ave.
r
Clues A ;
from I i
the K
"STRAIGHT AND
NARROW"
Is still followed today and
wisely—in these slender
izing white skirts.
• Basketweave
• Wool
$4 — $6
at the
CLOTHES CLOSET i
51 0 Waverley
; i
HARRIET MOORE
Presents
THE LATEST IN
SUMMER MILLINERY
Broad Brims Are the
Order of the
Day
I # -
Harriet Moore
205 Univ. Ave.
