# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
Cocky?
And that's the way you II feel
when you get your 1935 Quad
RESERVE A COPY
TODAY
$5.65
STANFORD
QUAD
I.
Cocky?
And that's the way you II feel
when you get your 1935 Quad
RESERVE A COPY
TODAY
$5.65
STANFORD
QUAD
I.
Cocky?
And that's the way you II feel
when you get your 1935 Quad
RESERVE A COPY
TODAY
$5.65
STANFORD
QUAD
I.
Cocky?
And that's the way you II feel
when you get your 1935 Quad
RESERVE A COPY
TODAY
$5.65
STANFORD
QUAD
I.
Cocky?
And that's the way you II feel
when you get your 1935 Quad
RESERVE A COPY
TODAY
$5.65
STANFORD
QUAD
I.
Cocky?
And that's the way you II feel
when you get your 1935 Quad
RESERVE A COPY
TODAY
$5.65
STANFORD
QUAD
I.
Cocky?
And that's the way you II feel
when you get your 1935 Quad
RESERVE A COPY
TODAY
$5.65
STANFORD
QUAD
I.
Cocky?
And that's the way you II feel
when you get your 1935 Quad
RESERVE A COPY
TODAY
$5.65
STANFORD
QUAD
I.
Cocky?
And that's the way you II feel
when you get your 1935 Quad
RESERVE A COPY
TODAY
$5.65
STANFORD
QUAD
I.
Cocky?
And that's the way you II feel
when you get your 1935 Quad
RESERVE A COPY
TODAY
$5.65
STANFORD
QUAD
I.
Cocky?
And that's the way you II feel
when you get your 1935 Quad
RESERVE A COPY
TODAY
$5.65
STANFORD
QUAD
I.
Cocky?
And that's the way you II feel
when you get your 1935 Quad
RESERVE A COPY
TODAY
$5.65
STANFORD
QUAD
I.
Cocky?
And that's the way you II feel
when you get your 1935 Quad
RESERVE A COPY
TODAY
$5.65
STANFORD
QUAD
I.
Cocky?
And that's the way you II feel
when you get your 1935 Quad
RESERVE A COPY
TODAY
$5.65
STANFORD
QUAD
I.
Cocky?
And that's the way you II feel
when you get your 1935 Quad
RESERVE A COPY
TODAY
$5.65
STANFORD
QUAD
I.
