# Dr. Tietze to Speak On Baroque Art Tomorrow
## 
### 
"Baroque Art All Over the World"
will be the subject of a talk to be
delivered by Dr. Hans Tietze, pro
fessor of art history at the Univer
sity of Vienna, tomorrow evening at
7:30 o'clock in the Little Theatre.
Under the auspices of the depart
ments of graphic arts and Germanic
languages, Dr. Tietze will describe
the evolution of Baroque art in the
European countries as well as in the
Spanish colonies in South America.
"Baroque Art All Over the World"
will be the subject of a talk to be
delivered by Dr. Hans Tietze, pro
fessor of art history at the Univer
sity of Vienna, tomorrow evening at
7:30 o'clock in the Little Theatre.
Under the auspices of the depart
ments of graphic arts and Germanic
languages, Dr. Tietze will describe
the evolution of Baroque art in the
European countries as well as in the
Spanish colonies in South America.
"Baroque Art All Over the World"
will be the subject of a talk to be
delivered by Dr. Hans Tietze, pro
fessor of art history at the Univer
sity of Vienna, tomorrow evening at
7:30 o'clock in the Little Theatre.
Under the auspices of the depart
ments of graphic arts and Germanic
languages, Dr. Tietze will describe
the evolution of Baroque art in the
European countries as well as in the
Spanish colonies in South America.
"Baroque Art All Over the World"
will be the subject of a talk to be
delivered by Dr. Hans Tietze, pro
fessor of art history at the Univer
sity of Vienna, tomorrow evening at
7:30 o'clock in the Little Theatre.
Under the auspices of the depart
ments of graphic arts and Germanic
languages, Dr. Tietze will describe
the evolution of Baroque art in the
European countries as well as in the
Spanish colonies in South America.
"Baroque Art All Over the World"
will be the subject of a talk to be
delivered by Dr. Hans Tietze, pro
fessor of art history at the Univer
sity of Vienna, tomorrow evening at
7:30 o'clock in the Little Theatre.
Under the auspices of the depart
ments of graphic arts and Germanic
languages, Dr. Tietze will describe
the evolution of Baroque art in the
European countries as well as in the
Spanish colonies in South America.
"Baroque Art All Over the World"
will be the subject of a talk to be
delivered by Dr. Hans Tietze, pro
fessor of art history at the Univer
sity of Vienna, tomorrow evening at
7:30 o'clock in the Little Theatre.
Under the auspices of the depart
ments of graphic arts and Germanic
languages, Dr. Tietze will describe
the evolution of Baroque art in the
European countries as well as in the
Spanish colonies in South America.
"Baroque Art All Over the World"
will be the subject of a talk to be
delivered by Dr. Hans Tietze, pro
fessor of art history at the Univer
sity of Vienna, tomorrow evening at
7:30 o'clock in the Little Theatre.
Under the auspices of the depart
ments of graphic arts and Germanic
languages, Dr. Tietze will describe
the evolution of Baroque art in the
European countries as well as in the
Spanish colonies in South America.
"Baroque Art All Over the World"
will be the subject of a talk to be
delivered by Dr. Hans Tietze, pro
fessor of art history at the Univer
sity of Vienna, tomorrow evening at
7:30 o'clock in the Little Theatre.
Under the auspices of the depart
ments of graphic arts and Germanic
languages, Dr. Tietze will describe
the evolution of Baroque art in the
European countries as well as in the
Spanish colonies in South America.
"Baroque Art All Over the World"
will be the subject of a talk to be
delivered by Dr. Hans Tietze, pro
fessor of art history at the Univer
sity of Vienna, tomorrow evening at
7:30 o'clock in the Little Theatre.
Under the auspices of the depart
ments of graphic arts and Germanic
languages, Dr. Tietze will describe
the evolution of Baroque art in the
European countries as well as in the
Spanish colonies in South America.
"Baroque Art All Over the World"
will be the subject of a talk to be
delivered by Dr. Hans Tietze, pro
fessor of art history at the Univer
sity of Vienna, tomorrow evening at
7:30 o'clock in the Little Theatre.
Under the auspices of the depart
ments of graphic arts and Germanic
languages, Dr. Tietze will describe
the evolution of Baroque art in the
European countries as well as in the
Spanish colonies in South America.
"Baroque Art All Over the World"
will be the subject of a talk to be
delivered by Dr. Hans Tietze, pro
fessor of art history at the Univer
sity of Vienna, tomorrow evening at
7:30 o'clock in the Little Theatre.
Under the auspices of the depart
ments of graphic arts and Germanic
languages, Dr. Tietze will describe
the evolution of Baroque art in the
European countries as well as in the
Spanish colonies in South America.
"Baroque Art All Over the World"
will be the subject of a talk to be
delivered by Dr. Hans Tietze, pro
fessor of art history at the Univer
sity of Vienna, tomorrow evening at
7:30 o'clock in the Little Theatre.
Under the auspices of the depart
ments of graphic arts and Germanic
languages, Dr. Tietze will describe
the evolution of Baroque art in the
European countries as well as in the
Spanish colonies in South America.
"Baroque Art All Over the World"
will be the subject of a talk to be
delivered by Dr. Hans Tietze, pro
fessor of art history at the Univer
sity of Vienna, tomorrow evening at
7:30 o'clock in the Little Theatre.
Under the auspices of the depart
ments of graphic arts and Germanic
languages, Dr. Tietze will describe
the evolution of Baroque art in the
European countries as well as in the
Spanish colonies in South America.
"Baroque Art All Over the World"
will be the subject of a talk to be
delivered by Dr. Hans Tietze, pro
fessor of art history at the Univer
sity of Vienna, tomorrow evening at
7:30 o'clock in the Little Theatre.
Under the auspices of the depart
ments of graphic arts and Germanic
languages, Dr. Tietze will describe
the evolution of Baroque art in the
European countries as well as in the
Spanish colonies in South America.
"Baroque Art All Over the World"
will be the subject of a talk to be
delivered by Dr. Hans Tietze, pro
fessor of art history at the Univer
sity of Vienna, tomorrow evening at
7:30 o'clock in the Little Theatre.
Under the auspices of the depart
ments of graphic arts and Germanic
languages, Dr. Tietze will describe
the evolution of Baroque art in the
European countries as well as in the
Spanish colonies in South America.
