# SACRAMENTO PITCHER
## 
### 

Manuel Salvo is one of the pitch
ers with the Sacramento club of
the Pacific Coast League for the
193? season. (Associated Presa
Photo)

Manuel Salvo is one of the pitch
ers with the Sacramento club of
the Pacific Coast League for the
193? season. (Associated Presa
Photo)

Manuel Salvo is one of the pitch
ers with the Sacramento club of
the Pacific Coast League for the
193? season. (Associated Presa
Photo)

Manuel Salvo is one of the pitch
ers with the Sacramento club of
the Pacific Coast League for the
193? season. (Associated Presa
Photo)

Manuel Salvo is one of the pitch
ers with the Sacramento club of
the Pacific Coast League for the
193? season. (Associated Presa
Photo)

Manuel Salvo is one of the pitch
ers with the Sacramento club of
the Pacific Coast League for the
193? season. (Associated Presa
Photo)

Manuel Salvo is one of the pitch
ers with the Sacramento club of
the Pacific Coast League for the
193? season. (Associated Presa
Photo)

Manuel Salvo is one of the pitch
ers with the Sacramento club of
the Pacific Coast League for the
193? season. (Associated Presa
Photo)

Manuel Salvo is one of the pitch
ers with the Sacramento club of
the Pacific Coast League for the
193? season. (Associated Presa
Photo)

Manuel Salvo is one of the pitch
ers with the Sacramento club of
the Pacific Coast League for the
193? season. (Associated Presa
Photo)

Manuel Salvo is one of the pitch
ers with the Sacramento club of
the Pacific Coast League for the
193? season. (Associated Presa
Photo)

Manuel Salvo is one of the pitch
ers with the Sacramento club of
the Pacific Coast League for the
193? season. (Associated Presa
Photo)

Manuel Salvo is one of the pitch
ers with the Sacramento club of
the Pacific Coast League for the
193? season. (Associated Presa
Photo)

Manuel Salvo is one of the pitch
ers with the Sacramento club of
the Pacific Coast League for the
193? season. (Associated Presa
Photo)

Manuel Salvo is one of the pitch
ers with the Sacramento club of
the Pacific Coast League for the
193? season. (Associated Presa
Photo)
