# SCHOLARSHIPS
## 
### 
All applications for University
Scholarships, with the exception
of those reserved for entering
students, must be filed at the
office of the Committee on Schol
arship before April 15. These
scholarships will be awarded dur
ing the spring quarter. Applica
tion blanks and further informa
tion may be obtained at the of
fice of the committee.
All applications for University
Scholarships, with the exception
of those reserved for entering
students, must be filed at the
office of the Committee on Schol
arship before April 15. These
scholarships will be awarded dur
ing the spring quarter. Applica
tion blanks and further informa
tion may be obtained at the of
fice of the committee.
All applications for University
Scholarships, with the exception
of those reserved for entering
students, must be filed at the
office of the Committee on Schol
arship before April 15. These
scholarships will be awarded dur
ing the spring quarter. Applica
tion blanks and further informa
tion may be obtained at the of
fice of the committee.
All applications for University
Scholarships, with the exception
of those reserved for entering
students, must be filed at the
office of the Committee on Schol
arship before April 15. These
scholarships will be awarded dur
ing the spring quarter. Applica
tion blanks and further informa
tion may be obtained at the of
fice of the committee.
All applications for University
Scholarships, with the exception
of those reserved for entering
students, must be filed at the
office of the Committee on Schol
arship before April 15. These
scholarships will be awarded dur
ing the spring quarter. Applica
tion blanks and further informa
tion may be obtained at the of
fice of the committee.
All applications for University
Scholarships, with the exception
of those reserved for entering
students, must be filed at the
office of the Committee on Schol
arship before April 15. These
scholarships will be awarded dur
ing the spring quarter. Applica
tion blanks and further informa
tion may be obtained at the of
fice of the committee.
All applications for University
Scholarships, with the exception
of those reserved for entering
students, must be filed at the
office of the Committee on Schol
arship before April 15. These
scholarships will be awarded dur
ing the spring quarter. Applica
tion blanks and further informa
tion may be obtained at the of
fice of the committee.
All applications for University
Scholarships, with the exception
of those reserved for entering
students, must be filed at the
office of the Committee on Schol
arship before April 15. These
scholarships will be awarded dur
ing the spring quarter. Applica
tion blanks and further informa
tion may be obtained at the of
fice of the committee.
All applications for University
Scholarships, with the exception
of those reserved for entering
students, must be filed at the
office of the Committee on Schol
arship before April 15. These
scholarships will be awarded dur
ing the spring quarter. Applica
tion blanks and further informa
tion may be obtained at the of
fice of the committee.
All applications for University
Scholarships, with the exception
of those reserved for entering
students, must be filed at the
office of the Committee on Schol
arship before April 15. These
scholarships will be awarded dur
ing the spring quarter. Applica
tion blanks and further informa
tion may be obtained at the of
fice of the committee.
All applications for University
Scholarships, with the exception
of those reserved for entering
students, must be filed at the
office of the Committee on Schol
arship before April 15. These
scholarships will be awarded dur
ing the spring quarter. Applica
tion blanks and further informa
tion may be obtained at the of
fice of the committee.
All applications for University
Scholarships, with the exception
of those reserved for entering
students, must be filed at the
office of the Committee on Schol
arship before April 15. These
scholarships will be awarded dur
ing the spring quarter. Applica
tion blanks and further informa
tion may be obtained at the of
fice of the committee.
All applications for University
Scholarships, with the exception
of those reserved for entering
students, must be filed at the
office of the Committee on Schol
arship before April 15. These
scholarships will be awarded dur
ing the spring quarter. Applica
tion blanks and further informa
tion may be obtained at the of
fice of the committee.
All applications for University
Scholarships, with the exception
of those reserved for entering
students, must be filed at the
office of the Committee on Schol
arship before April 15. These
scholarships will be awarded dur
ing the spring quarter. Applica
tion blanks and further informa
tion may be obtained at the of
fice of the committee.
All applications for University
Scholarships, with the exception
of those reserved for entering
students, must be filed at the
office of the Committee on Schol
arship before April 15. These
scholarships will be awarded dur
ing the spring quarter. Applica
tion blanks and further informa
tion may be obtained at the of
fice of the committee.
