# Untitled Article
## 
### 
"Ill-Mannered Beggars" is the new
club that has been formed at McGill
University for the purpose of enforc
ing the wearing of hats in the build
ings of the university.
"Ill-Mannered Beggars" is the new
club that has been formed at McGill
University for the purpose of enforc
ing the wearing of hats in the build
ings of the university.
"Ill-Mannered Beggars" is the new
club that has been formed at McGill
University for the purpose of enforc
ing the wearing of hats in the build
ings of the university.
"Ill-Mannered Beggars" is the new
club that has been formed at McGill
University for the purpose of enforc
ing the wearing of hats in the build
ings of the university.
"Ill-Mannered Beggars" is the new
club that has been formed at McGill
University for the purpose of enforc
ing the wearing of hats in the build
ings of the university.
"Ill-Mannered Beggars" is the new
club that has been formed at McGill
University for the purpose of enforc
ing the wearing of hats in the build
ings of the university.
"Ill-Mannered Beggars" is the new
club that has been formed at McGill
University for the purpose of enforc
ing the wearing of hats in the build
ings of the university.
"Ill-Mannered Beggars" is the new
club that has been formed at McGill
University for the purpose of enforc
ing the wearing of hats in the build
ings of the university.
"Ill-Mannered Beggars" is the new
club that has been formed at McGill
University for the purpose of enforc
ing the wearing of hats in the build
ings of the university.
"Ill-Mannered Beggars" is the new
club that has been formed at McGill
University for the purpose of enforc
ing the wearing of hats in the build
ings of the university.
"Ill-Mannered Beggars" is the new
club that has been formed at McGill
University for the purpose of enforc
ing the wearing of hats in the build
ings of the university.
"Ill-Mannered Beggars" is the new
club that has been formed at McGill
University for the purpose of enforc
ing the wearing of hats in the build
ings of the university.
"Ill-Mannered Beggars" is the new
club that has been formed at McGill
University for the purpose of enforc
ing the wearing of hats in the build
ings of the university.
"Ill-Mannered Beggars" is the new
club that has been formed at McGill
University for the purpose of enforc
ing the wearing of hats in the build
ings of the university.
"Ill-Mannered Beggars" is the new
club that has been formed at McGill
University for the purpose of enforc
ing the wearing of hats in the build
ings of the university.
