# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Two hundred men turned out for
spring football practice at Washing
ton State College.
Two hundred men turned out for
spring football practice at Washing
ton State College.
Two hundred men turned out for
spring football practice at Washing
ton State College.
Two hundred men turned out for
spring football practice at Washing
ton State College.
Two hundred men turned out for
spring football practice at Washing
ton State College.
Two hundred men turned out for
spring football practice at Washing
ton State College.
Two hundred men turned out for
spring football practice at Washing
ton State College.
Two hundred men turned out for
spring football practice at Washing
ton State College.
Two hundred men turned out for
spring football practice at Washing
ton State College.
Two hundred men turned out for
spring football practice at Washing
ton State College.
Two hundred men turned out for
spring football practice at Washing
ton State College.
Two hundred men turned out for
spring football practice at Washing
ton State College.
Two hundred men turned out for
spring football practice at Washing
ton State College.
Two hundred men turned out for
spring football practice at Washing
ton State College.
Two hundred men turned out for
spring football practice at Washing
ton State College.
