# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The Princeton graduate council has
announced a $2,000,000 fund for the
purpose of increasing the salaries of
the teaching staff.
The Princeton graduate council has
announced a $2,000,000 fund for the
purpose of increasing the salaries of
the teaching staff.
The Princeton graduate council has
announced a $2,000,000 fund for the
purpose of increasing the salaries of
the teaching staff.
The Princeton graduate council has
announced a $2,000,000 fund for the
purpose of increasing the salaries of
the teaching staff.
The Princeton graduate council has
announced a $2,000,000 fund for the
purpose of increasing the salaries of
the teaching staff.
The Princeton graduate council has
announced a $2,000,000 fund for the
purpose of increasing the salaries of
the teaching staff.
The Princeton graduate council has
announced a $2,000,000 fund for the
purpose of increasing the salaries of
the teaching staff.
The Princeton graduate council has
announced a $2,000,000 fund for the
purpose of increasing the salaries of
the teaching staff.
The Princeton graduate council has
announced a $2,000,000 fund for the
purpose of increasing the salaries of
the teaching staff.
The Princeton graduate council has
announced a $2,000,000 fund for the
purpose of increasing the salaries of
the teaching staff.
The Princeton graduate council has
announced a $2,000,000 fund for the
purpose of increasing the salaries of
the teaching staff.
The Princeton graduate council has
announced a $2,000,000 fund for the
purpose of increasing the salaries of
the teaching staff.
The Princeton graduate council has
announced a $2,000,000 fund for the
purpose of increasing the salaries of
the teaching staff.
The Princeton graduate council has
announced a $2,000,000 fund for the
purpose of increasing the salaries of
the teaching staff.
The Princeton graduate council has
announced a $2,000,000 fund for the
purpose of increasing the salaries of
the teaching staff.
The Princeton graduate council has
announced a $2,000,000 fund for the
purpose of increasing the salaries of
the teaching staff.
