# Will Take Final Pictures For Quad Today, Tomorrow
## 
### 
Final arrangements for Quad pho
tographs will be completed today and
tomorrow. Group pictures will be
taken for the last time today. Last
chances for seniors, and sorority or
Roblo women for individual photo
graphs will be today and tomorrow
when the photographer will visit the
campus for the final time. Students
should make the necessary arrange
ments immediately if they have not
already done so.
Final arrangements for Quad pho
tographs will be completed today and
tomorrow. Group pictures will be
taken for the last time today. Last
chances for seniors, and sorority or
Roblo women for individual photo
graphs will be today and tomorrow
when the photographer will visit the
campus for the final time. Students
should make the necessary arrange
ments immediately if they have not
already done so.
Final arrangements for Quad pho
tographs will be completed today and
tomorrow. Group pictures will be
taken for the last time today. Last
chances for seniors, and sorority or
Roblo women for individual photo
graphs will be today and tomorrow
when the photographer will visit the
campus for the final time. Students
should make the necessary arrange
ments immediately if they have not
already done so.
Final arrangements for Quad pho
tographs will be completed today and
tomorrow. Group pictures will be
taken for the last time today. Last
chances for seniors, and sorority or
Roblo women for individual photo
graphs will be today and tomorrow
when the photographer will visit the
campus for the final time. Students
should make the necessary arrange
ments immediately if they have not
already done so.
Final arrangements for Quad pho
tographs will be completed today and
tomorrow. Group pictures will be
taken for the last time today. Last
chances for seniors, and sorority or
Roblo women for individual photo
graphs will be today and tomorrow
when the photographer will visit the
campus for the final time. Students
should make the necessary arrange
ments immediately if they have not
already done so.
Final arrangements for Quad pho
tographs will be completed today and
tomorrow. Group pictures will be
taken for the last time today. Last
chances for seniors, and sorority or
Roblo women for individual photo
graphs will be today and tomorrow
when the photographer will visit the
campus for the final time. Students
should make the necessary arrange
ments immediately if they have not
already done so.
Final arrangements for Quad pho
tographs will be completed today and
tomorrow. Group pictures will be
taken for the last time today. Last
chances for seniors, and sorority or
Roblo women for individual photo
graphs will be today and tomorrow
when the photographer will visit the
campus for the final time. Students
should make the necessary arrange
ments immediately if they have not
already done so.
Final arrangements for Quad pho
tographs will be completed today and
tomorrow. Group pictures will be
taken for the last time today. Last
chances for seniors, and sorority or
Roblo women for individual photo
graphs will be today and tomorrow
when the photographer will visit the
campus for the final time. Students
should make the necessary arrange
ments immediately if they have not
already done so.
Final arrangements for Quad pho
tographs will be completed today and
tomorrow. Group pictures will be
taken for the last time today. Last
chances for seniors, and sorority or
Roblo women for individual photo
graphs will be today and tomorrow
when the photographer will visit the
campus for the final time. Students
should make the necessary arrange
ments immediately if they have not
already done so.
Final arrangements for Quad pho
tographs will be completed today and
tomorrow. Group pictures will be
taken for the last time today. Last
chances for seniors, and sorority or
Roblo women for individual photo
graphs will be today and tomorrow
when the photographer will visit the
campus for the final time. Students
should make the necessary arrange
ments immediately if they have not
already done so.
Final arrangements for Quad pho
tographs will be completed today and
tomorrow. Group pictures will be
taken for the last time today. Last
chances for seniors, and sorority or
Roblo women for individual photo
graphs will be today and tomorrow
when the photographer will visit the
campus for the final time. Students
should make the necessary arrange
ments immediately if they have not
already done so.
Final arrangements for Quad pho
tographs will be completed today and
tomorrow. Group pictures will be
taken for the last time today. Last
chances for seniors, and sorority or
Roblo women for individual photo
graphs will be today and tomorrow
when the photographer will visit the
campus for the final time. Students
should make the necessary arrange
ments immediately if they have not
already done so.
Final arrangements for Quad pho
tographs will be completed today and
tomorrow. Group pictures will be
taken for the last time today. Last
chances for seniors, and sorority or
Roblo women for individual photo
graphs will be today and tomorrow
when the photographer will visit the
campus for the final time. Students
should make the necessary arrange
ments immediately if they have not
already done so.
Final arrangements for Quad pho
tographs will be completed today and
tomorrow. Group pictures will be
taken for the last time today. Last
chances for seniors, and sorority or
Roblo women for individual photo
graphs will be today and tomorrow
when the photographer will visit the
campus for the final time. Students
should make the necessary arrange
ments immediately if they have not
already done so.
Final arrangements for Quad pho
tographs will be completed today and
tomorrow. Group pictures will be
taken for the last time today. Last
chances for seniors, and sorority or
Roblo women for individual photo
graphs will be today and tomorrow
when the photographer will visit the
campus for the final time. Students
should make the necessary arrange
ments immediately if they have not
already done so.
Final arrangements for Quad pho
tographs will be completed today and
tomorrow. Group pictures will be
taken for the last time today. Last
chances for seniors, and sorority or
Roblo women for individual photo
graphs will be today and tomorrow
when the photographer will visit the
campus for the final time. Students
should make the necessary arrange
ments immediately if they have not
already done so.
