# Untitled Article
## 
### 

Independence Day
Stanford celebrated the Fourth of July in a variety of
ways. At Frost Amphitheater's picnic and bluegrass
concert, artists painted faces (left). Later that evening,

Rod Searcey/Daily
fireworks painted the sky. Hills near the Dish provided
a spectacular view of fireworks.

Independence Day
Stanford celebrated the Fourth of July in a variety of
ways. At Frost Amphitheater's picnic and bluegrass
concert, artists painted faces (left). Later that evening,

Rod Searcey/Daily
fireworks painted the sky. Hills near the Dish provided
a spectacular view of fireworks.

Independence Day
Stanford celebrated the Fourth of July in a variety of
ways. At Frost Amphitheater's picnic and bluegrass
concert, artists painted faces (left). Later that evening,

Rod Searcey/Daily
fireworks painted the sky. Hills near the Dish provided
a spectacular view of fireworks.

Independence Day
Stanford celebrated the Fourth of July in a variety of
ways. At Frost Amphitheater's picnic and bluegrass
concert, artists painted faces (left). Later that evening,

Rod Searcey/Daily
fireworks painted the sky. Hills near the Dish provided
a spectacular view of fireworks.

Independence Day
Stanford celebrated the Fourth of July in a variety of
ways. At Frost Amphitheater's picnic and bluegrass
concert, artists painted faces (left). Later that evening,

Rod Searcey/Daily
fireworks painted the sky. Hills near the Dish provided
a spectacular view of fireworks.

Independence Day
Stanford celebrated the Fourth of July in a variety of
ways. At Frost Amphitheater's picnic and bluegrass
concert, artists painted faces (left). Later that evening,

Rod Searcey/Daily
fireworks painted the sky. Hills near the Dish provided
a spectacular view of fireworks.

Independence Day
Stanford celebrated the Fourth of July in a variety of
ways. At Frost Amphitheater's picnic and bluegrass
concert, artists painted faces (left). Later that evening,

Rod Searcey/Daily
fireworks painted the sky. Hills near the Dish provided
a spectacular view of fireworks.
