# Adv. 14 Page 4
## 
### 
Up your Kite.
"tar
KIII'S 12 beautiful designs printed on clear poly. A whole new thing in flying - great on the wall too. Simple
assembly-easy to fly with no tails or extras needed. At headshops, bookstores and department stores. A most unusual high.
Q 9 0 »>'
Up your Kite.
"tar
KIII'S 12 beautiful designs printed on clear poly. A whole new thing in flying - great on the wall too. Simple
assembly-easy to fly with no tails or extras needed. At headshops, bookstores and department stores. A most unusual high.
Q 9 0 »>'
Up your Kite.
"tar
KIII'S 12 beautiful designs printed on clear poly. A whole new thing in flying - great on the wall too. Simple
assembly-easy to fly with no tails or extras needed. At headshops, bookstores and department stores. A most unusual high.
Q 9 0 »>'
Up your Kite.
"tar
KIII'S 12 beautiful designs printed on clear poly. A whole new thing in flying - great on the wall too. Simple
assembly-easy to fly with no tails or extras needed. At headshops, bookstores and department stores. A most unusual high.
Q 9 0 »>'
Up your Kite.
"tar
KIII'S 12 beautiful designs printed on clear poly. A whole new thing in flying - great on the wall too. Simple
assembly-easy to fly with no tails or extras needed. At headshops, bookstores and department stores. A most unusual high.
Q 9 0 »>'
Up your Kite.
"tar
KIII'S 12 beautiful designs printed on clear poly. A whole new thing in flying - great on the wall too. Simple
assembly-easy to fly with no tails or extras needed. At headshops, bookstores and department stores. A most unusual high.
Q 9 0 »>'
Up your Kite.
"tar
KIII'S 12 beautiful designs printed on clear poly. A whole new thing in flying - great on the wall too. Simple
assembly-easy to fly with no tails or extras needed. At headshops, bookstores and department stores. A most unusual high.
Q 9 0 »>'
Up your Kite.
"tar
KIII'S 12 beautiful designs printed on clear poly. A whole new thing in flying - great on the wall too. Simple
assembly-easy to fly with no tails or extras needed. At headshops, bookstores and department stores. A most unusual high.
Q 9 0 »>'
Up your Kite.
"tar
KIII'S 12 beautiful designs printed on clear poly. A whole new thing in flying - great on the wall too. Simple
assembly-easy to fly with no tails or extras needed. At headshops, bookstores and department stores. A most unusual high.
Q 9 0 »>'
Up your Kite.
"tar
KIII'S 12 beautiful designs printed on clear poly. A whole new thing in flying - great on the wall too. Simple
assembly-easy to fly with no tails or extras needed. At headshops, bookstores and department stores. A most unusual high.
Q 9 0 »>'
Up your Kite.
"tar
KIII'S 12 beautiful designs printed on clear poly. A whole new thing in flying - great on the wall too. Simple
assembly-easy to fly with no tails or extras needed. At headshops, bookstores and department stores. A most unusual high.
Q 9 0 »>'
Up your Kite.
"tar
KIII'S 12 beautiful designs printed on clear poly. A whole new thing in flying - great on the wall too. Simple
assembly-easy to fly with no tails or extras needed. At headshops, bookstores and department stores. A most unusual high.
Q 9 0 »>'
Up your Kite.
"tar
KIII'S 12 beautiful designs printed on clear poly. A whole new thing in flying - great on the wall too. Simple
assembly-easy to fly with no tails or extras needed. At headshops, bookstores and department stores. A most unusual high.
Q 9 0 »>'
Up your Kite.
"tar
KIII'S 12 beautiful designs printed on clear poly. A whole new thing in flying - great on the wall too. Simple
assembly-easy to fly with no tails or extras needed. At headshops, bookstores and department stores. A most unusual high.
Q 9 0 »>'
