# Help Needed
## 
### 
The BSU is sponsoring a College
Days Program here today and
tomorrow. In order to make this
program a success, help is needed
from black students to administer
the program. Students are needed

ns group leaders, guides, and
counselors lo these liigli school
students. Rooms are also needed
tor tonight. It you would like to
help in this effort, contact Donna
Cooper in Toy on.
The BSU is sponsoring a College
Days Program here today and
tomorrow. In order to make this
program a success, help is needed
from black students to administer
the program. Students are needed

ns group leaders, guides, and
counselors lo these liigli school
students. Rooms are also needed
tor tonight. It you would like to
help in this effort, contact Donna
Cooper in Toy on.
The BSU is sponsoring a College
Days Program here today and
tomorrow. In order to make this
program a success, help is needed
from black students to administer
the program. Students are needed

ns group leaders, guides, and
counselors lo these liigli school
students. Rooms are also needed
tor tonight. It you would like to
help in this effort, contact Donna
Cooper in Toy on.
The BSU is sponsoring a College
Days Program here today and
tomorrow. In order to make this
program a success, help is needed
from black students to administer
the program. Students are needed

ns group leaders, guides, and
counselors lo these liigli school
students. Rooms are also needed
tor tonight. It you would like to
help in this effort, contact Donna
Cooper in Toy on.
The BSU is sponsoring a College
Days Program here today and
tomorrow. In order to make this
program a success, help is needed
from black students to administer
the program. Students are needed

ns group leaders, guides, and
counselors lo these liigli school
students. Rooms are also needed
tor tonight. It you would like to
help in this effort, contact Donna
Cooper in Toy on.
The BSU is sponsoring a College
Days Program here today and
tomorrow. In order to make this
program a success, help is needed
from black students to administer
the program. Students are needed

ns group leaders, guides, and
counselors lo these liigli school
students. Rooms are also needed
tor tonight. It you would like to
help in this effort, contact Donna
Cooper in Toy on.
The BSU is sponsoring a College
Days Program here today and
tomorrow. In order to make this
program a success, help is needed
from black students to administer
the program. Students are needed

ns group leaders, guides, and
counselors lo these liigli school
students. Rooms are also needed
tor tonight. It you would like to
help in this effort, contact Donna
Cooper in Toy on.
The BSU is sponsoring a College
Days Program here today and
tomorrow. In order to make this
program a success, help is needed
from black students to administer
the program. Students are needed

ns group leaders, guides, and
counselors lo these liigli school
students. Rooms are also needed
tor tonight. It you would like to
help in this effort, contact Donna
Cooper in Toy on.
The BSU is sponsoring a College
Days Program here today and
tomorrow. In order to make this
program a success, help is needed
from black students to administer
the program. Students are needed

ns group leaders, guides, and
counselors lo these liigli school
students. Rooms are also needed
tor tonight. It you would like to
help in this effort, contact Donna
Cooper in Toy on.
The BSU is sponsoring a College
Days Program here today and
tomorrow. In order to make this
program a success, help is needed
from black students to administer
the program. Students are needed

ns group leaders, guides, and
counselors lo these liigli school
students. Rooms are also needed
tor tonight. It you would like to
help in this effort, contact Donna
Cooper in Toy on.
The BSU is sponsoring a College
Days Program here today and
tomorrow. In order to make this
program a success, help is needed
from black students to administer
the program. Students are needed

ns group leaders, guides, and
counselors lo these liigli school
students. Rooms are also needed
tor tonight. It you would like to
help in this effort, contact Donna
Cooper in Toy on.
The BSU is sponsoring a College
Days Program here today and
tomorrow. In order to make this
program a success, help is needed
from black students to administer
the program. Students are needed

ns group leaders, guides, and
counselors lo these liigli school
students. Rooms are also needed
tor tonight. It you would like to
help in this effort, contact Donna
Cooper in Toy on.
The BSU is sponsoring a College
Days Program here today and
tomorrow. In order to make this
program a success, help is needed
from black students to administer
the program. Students are needed

ns group leaders, guides, and
counselors lo these liigli school
students. Rooms are also needed
tor tonight. It you would like to
help in this effort, contact Donna
Cooper in Toy on.
The BSU is sponsoring a College
Days Program here today and
tomorrow. In order to make this
program a success, help is needed
from black students to administer
the program. Students are needed

ns group leaders, guides, and
counselors lo these liigli school
students. Rooms are also needed
tor tonight. It you would like to
help in this effort, contact Donna
Cooper in Toy on.
