# Adv. 14 Page 5
## 
### 
Stanford Election Center
invites you to an
Election Mght
Extravaganza !!
Watch the election returns on
wide-screen TV sets!
Refreshments and much more.
Come join the fun!!
TUESDAY NOVEMBER 4
8:00 p.m.BRANNER HALL LOUNGE
Stanford Election Center
invites you to an
Election Mght
Extravaganza !!
Watch the election returns on
wide-screen TV sets!
Refreshments and much more.
Come join the fun!!
TUESDAY NOVEMBER 4
8:00 p.m.BRANNER HALL LOUNGE
Stanford Election Center
invites you to an
Election Mght
Extravaganza !!
Watch the election returns on
wide-screen TV sets!
Refreshments and much more.
Come join the fun!!
TUESDAY NOVEMBER 4
8:00 p.m.BRANNER HALL LOUNGE
Stanford Election Center
invites you to an
Election Mght
Extravaganza !!
Watch the election returns on
wide-screen TV sets!
Refreshments and much more.
Come join the fun!!
TUESDAY NOVEMBER 4
8:00 p.m.BRANNER HALL LOUNGE
Stanford Election Center
invites you to an
Election Mght
Extravaganza !!
Watch the election returns on
wide-screen TV sets!
Refreshments and much more.
Come join the fun!!
TUESDAY NOVEMBER 4
8:00 p.m.BRANNER HALL LOUNGE
Stanford Election Center
invites you to an
Election Mght
Extravaganza !!
Watch the election returns on
wide-screen TV sets!
Refreshments and much more.
Come join the fun!!
TUESDAY NOVEMBER 4
8:00 p.m.BRANNER HALL LOUNGE
Stanford Election Center
invites you to an
Election Mght
Extravaganza !!
Watch the election returns on
wide-screen TV sets!
Refreshments and much more.
Come join the fun!!
TUESDAY NOVEMBER 4
8:00 p.m.BRANNER HALL LOUNGE
Stanford Election Center
invites you to an
Election Mght
Extravaganza !!
Watch the election returns on
wide-screen TV sets!
Refreshments and much more.
Come join the fun!!
TUESDAY NOVEMBER 4
8:00 p.m.BRANNER HALL LOUNGE
Stanford Election Center
invites you to an
Election Mght
Extravaganza !!
Watch the election returns on
wide-screen TV sets!
Refreshments and much more.
Come join the fun!!
TUESDAY NOVEMBER 4
8:00 p.m.BRANNER HALL LOUNGE
