# How is SLAC like Denny's?
## 
### 
gM investigation
I \#into racist inci
dents in the hallowed
copper tubing of Stan
ford Linear Accelerator
center continues — and
the plot thickens by more
than a couple of quarks.

gM investigation
I \#into racist inci
dents in the hallowed
copper tubing of Stan
ford Linear Accelerator
center continues — and
the plot thickens by more
than a couple of quarks.

gM investigation
I \#into racist inci
dents in the hallowed
copper tubing of Stan
ford Linear Accelerator
center continues — and
the plot thickens by more
than a couple of quarks.

gM investigation
I \#into racist inci
dents in the hallowed
copper tubing of Stan
ford Linear Accelerator
center continues — and
the plot thickens by more
than a couple of quarks.

gM investigation
I \#into racist inci
dents in the hallowed
copper tubing of Stan
ford Linear Accelerator
center continues — and
the plot thickens by more
than a couple of quarks.

gM investigation
I \#into racist inci
dents in the hallowed
copper tubing of Stan
ford Linear Accelerator
center continues — and
the plot thickens by more
than a couple of quarks.

gM investigation
I \#into racist inci
dents in the hallowed
copper tubing of Stan
ford Linear Accelerator
center continues — and
the plot thickens by more
than a couple of quarks.

