# Contents
## Like butter 
### 
7 Smooth-talking
Stanford alum Tim
Marklein plugs his twen
tysomething (Hey, can
you think of a better
phrase?) magazine, Envi
sion.

7 Smooth-talking
Stanford alum Tim
Marklein plugs his twen
tysomething (Hey, can
you think of a better
phrase?) magazine, Envi
sion.

7 Smooth-talking
Stanford alum Tim
Marklein plugs his twen
tysomething (Hey, can
you think of a better
phrase?) magazine, Envi
sion.

7 Smooth-talking
Stanford alum Tim
Marklein plugs his twen
tysomething (Hey, can
you think of a better
phrase?) magazine, Envi
sion.

7 Smooth-talking
Stanford alum Tim
Marklein plugs his twen
tysomething (Hey, can
you think of a better
phrase?) magazine, Envi
sion.

7 Smooth-talking
Stanford alum Tim
Marklein plugs his twen
tysomething (Hey, can
you think of a better
phrase?) magazine, Envi
sion.

7 Smooth-talking
Stanford alum Tim
Marklein plugs his twen
tysomething (Hey, can
you think of a better
phrase?) magazine, Envi
sion.

