# Short change
## 
### 
Stanford's film
makers use 16
mm film to create some
of the oddest films
around, on budget's
smaller than McDonald's
commercials. Radio com
mercials.

Stanford's film
makers use 16
mm film to create some
of the oddest films
around, on budget's
smaller than McDonald's
commercials. Radio com
mercials.

Stanford's film
makers use 16
mm film to create some
of the oddest films
around, on budget's
smaller than McDonald's
commercials. Radio com
mercials.

Stanford's film
makers use 16
mm film to create some
of the oddest films
around, on budget's
smaller than McDonald's
commercials. Radio com
mercials.

Stanford's film
makers use 16
mm film to create some
of the oddest films
around, on budget's
smaller than McDonald's
commercials. Radio com
mercials.

Stanford's film
makers use 16
mm film to create some
of the oddest films
around, on budget's
smaller than McDonald's
commercials. Radio com
mercials.

Stanford's film
makers use 16
mm film to create some
of the oddest films
around, on budget's
smaller than McDonald's
commercials. Radio com
mercials.

