# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
"DANCE MAID"
FORMAL SLIPS
PURE SILK CREPE
$2.50
This is our best - selling
evening slip — and small
wander! Its perfect fit
makes it an ideal founda
tion for your most slither
ing evening dresses, host
ess gowns and negligees.
White, petal pink. Also
made in pure silk satin
Dosche.
$3.50
Wals-faerls
Masonic Temple Bldg.
"DANCE MAID"
FORMAL SLIPS
PURE SILK CREPE
$2.50
This is our best - selling
evening slip — and small
wander! Its perfect fit
makes it an ideal founda
tion for your most slither
ing evening dresses, host
ess gowns and negligees.
White, petal pink. Also
made in pure silk satin
Dosche.
$3.50
Wals-faerls
Masonic Temple Bldg.
"DANCE MAID"
FORMAL SLIPS
PURE SILK CREPE
$2.50
This is our best - selling
evening slip — and small
wander! Its perfect fit
makes it an ideal founda
tion for your most slither
ing evening dresses, host
ess gowns and negligees.
White, petal pink. Also
made in pure silk satin
Dosche.
$3.50
Wals-faerls
Masonic Temple Bldg.
"DANCE MAID"
FORMAL SLIPS
PURE SILK CREPE
$2.50
This is our best - selling
evening slip — and small
wander! Its perfect fit
makes it an ideal founda
tion for your most slither
ing evening dresses, host
ess gowns and negligees.
White, petal pink. Also
made in pure silk satin
Dosche.
$3.50
Wals-faerls
Masonic Temple Bldg.
"DANCE MAID"
FORMAL SLIPS
PURE SILK CREPE
$2.50
This is our best - selling
evening slip — and small
wander! Its perfect fit
makes it an ideal founda
tion for your most slither
ing evening dresses, host
ess gowns and negligees.
White, petal pink. Also
made in pure silk satin
Dosche.
$3.50
Wals-faerls
Masonic Temple Bldg.
"DANCE MAID"
FORMAL SLIPS
PURE SILK CREPE
$2.50
This is our best - selling
evening slip — and small
wander! Its perfect fit
makes it an ideal founda
tion for your most slither
ing evening dresses, host
ess gowns and negligees.
White, petal pink. Also
made in pure silk satin
Dosche.
$3.50
Wals-faerls
Masonic Temple Bldg.
"DANCE MAID"
FORMAL SLIPS
PURE SILK CREPE
$2.50
This is our best - selling
evening slip — and small
wander! Its perfect fit
makes it an ideal founda
tion for your most slither
ing evening dresses, host
ess gowns and negligees.
White, petal pink. Also
made in pure silk satin
Dosche.
$3.50
Wals-faerls
Masonic Temple Bldg.
"DANCE MAID"
FORMAL SLIPS
PURE SILK CREPE
$2.50
This is our best - selling
evening slip — and small
wander! Its perfect fit
makes it an ideal founda
tion for your most slither
ing evening dresses, host
ess gowns and negligees.
White, petal pink. Also
made in pure silk satin
Dosche.
$3.50
Wals-faerls
Masonic Temple Bldg.
"DANCE MAID"
FORMAL SLIPS
PURE SILK CREPE
$2.50
This is our best - selling
evening slip — and small
wander! Its perfect fit
makes it an ideal founda
tion for your most slither
ing evening dresses, host
ess gowns and negligees.
White, petal pink. Also
made in pure silk satin
Dosche.
$3.50
Wals-faerls
Masonic Temple Bldg.
"DANCE MAID"
FORMAL SLIPS
PURE SILK CREPE
$2.50
This is our best - selling
evening slip — and small
wander! Its perfect fit
makes it an ideal founda
tion for your most slither
ing evening dresses, host
ess gowns and negligees.
White, petal pink. Also
made in pure silk satin
Dosche.
$3.50
Wals-faerls
Masonic Temple Bldg.
"DANCE MAID"
FORMAL SLIPS
PURE SILK CREPE
$2.50
This is our best - selling
evening slip — and small
wander! Its perfect fit
makes it an ideal founda
tion for your most slither
ing evening dresses, host
ess gowns and negligees.
White, petal pink. Also
made in pure silk satin
Dosche.
$3.50
Wals-faerls
Masonic Temple Bldg.
"DANCE MAID"
FORMAL SLIPS
PURE SILK CREPE
$2.50
This is our best - selling
evening slip — and small
wander! Its perfect fit
makes it an ideal founda
tion for your most slither
ing evening dresses, host
ess gowns and negligees.
White, petal pink. Also
made in pure silk satin
Dosche.
$3.50
Wals-faerls
Masonic Temple Bldg.
"DANCE MAID"
FORMAL SLIPS
PURE SILK CREPE
$2.50
This is our best - selling
evening slip — and small
wander! Its perfect fit
makes it an ideal founda
tion for your most slither
ing evening dresses, host
ess gowns and negligees.
White, petal pink. Also
made in pure silk satin
Dosche.
$3.50
Wals-faerls
Masonic Temple Bldg.
"DANCE MAID"
FORMAL SLIPS
PURE SILK CREPE
$2.50
This is our best - selling
evening slip — and small
wander! Its perfect fit
makes it an ideal founda
tion for your most slither
ing evening dresses, host
ess gowns and negligees.
White, petal pink. Also
made in pure silk satin
Dosche.
$3.50
Wals-faerls
Masonic Temple Bldg.
"DANCE MAID"
FORMAL SLIPS
PURE SILK CREPE
$2.50
This is our best - selling
evening slip — and small
wander! Its perfect fit
makes it an ideal founda
tion for your most slither
ing evening dresses, host
ess gowns and negligees.
White, petal pink. Also
made in pure silk satin
Dosche.
$3.50
Wals-faerls
Masonic Temple Bldg.
"DANCE MAID"
FORMAL SLIPS
PURE SILK CREPE
$2.50
This is our best - selling
evening slip — and small
wander! Its perfect fit
makes it an ideal founda
tion for your most slither
ing evening dresses, host
ess gowns and negligees.
White, petal pink. Also
made in pure silk satin
Dosche.
$3.50
Wals-faerls
Masonic Temple Bldg.
"DANCE MAID"
FORMAL SLIPS
PURE SILK CREPE
$2.50
This is our best - selling
evening slip — and small
wander! Its perfect fit
makes it an ideal founda
tion for your most slither
ing evening dresses, host
ess gowns and negligees.
White, petal pink. Also
made in pure silk satin
Dosche.
$3.50
Wals-faerls
Masonic Temple Bldg.
