# Stanford Fencers To Meet Winged 'O'
## 
### 
The Stanford fencing team will
open its 1940-4.1 attempt for the
Heron Trophy with a meet this
Friday with the Olympic Club, last
year's trophy winners.
According to Coach Elwyn Bugge,
the following men will compete for
Stanford: Dick Meyerhoff, Marlin
Nelson, Bob Earl, Jack Boyd, and
George Halliwell. The public is in
vited.
Haiti was formerly a French
colony.
The Stanford fencing team will
open its 1940-4.1 attempt for the
Heron Trophy with a meet this
Friday with the Olympic Club, last
year's trophy winners.
According to Coach Elwyn Bugge,
the following men will compete for
Stanford: Dick Meyerhoff, Marlin
Nelson, Bob Earl, Jack Boyd, and
George Halliwell. The public is in
vited.
Haiti was formerly a French
colony.
The Stanford fencing team will
open its 1940-4.1 attempt for the
Heron Trophy with a meet this
Friday with the Olympic Club, last
year's trophy winners.
According to Coach Elwyn Bugge,
the following men will compete for
Stanford: Dick Meyerhoff, Marlin
Nelson, Bob Earl, Jack Boyd, and
George Halliwell. The public is in
vited.
Haiti was formerly a French
colony.
The Stanford fencing team will
open its 1940-4.1 attempt for the
Heron Trophy with a meet this
Friday with the Olympic Club, last
year's trophy winners.
According to Coach Elwyn Bugge,
the following men will compete for
Stanford: Dick Meyerhoff, Marlin
Nelson, Bob Earl, Jack Boyd, and
George Halliwell. The public is in
vited.
Haiti was formerly a French
colony.
The Stanford fencing team will
open its 1940-4.1 attempt for the
Heron Trophy with a meet this
Friday with the Olympic Club, last
year's trophy winners.
According to Coach Elwyn Bugge,
the following men will compete for
Stanford: Dick Meyerhoff, Marlin
Nelson, Bob Earl, Jack Boyd, and
George Halliwell. The public is in
vited.
Haiti was formerly a French
colony.
The Stanford fencing team will
open its 1940-4.1 attempt for the
Heron Trophy with a meet this
Friday with the Olympic Club, last
year's trophy winners.
According to Coach Elwyn Bugge,
the following men will compete for
Stanford: Dick Meyerhoff, Marlin
Nelson, Bob Earl, Jack Boyd, and
George Halliwell. The public is in
vited.
Haiti was formerly a French
colony.
The Stanford fencing team will
open its 1940-4.1 attempt for the
Heron Trophy with a meet this
Friday with the Olympic Club, last
year's trophy winners.
According to Coach Elwyn Bugge,
the following men will compete for
Stanford: Dick Meyerhoff, Marlin
Nelson, Bob Earl, Jack Boyd, and
George Halliwell. The public is in
vited.
Haiti was formerly a French
colony.
The Stanford fencing team will
open its 1940-4.1 attempt for the
Heron Trophy with a meet this
Friday with the Olympic Club, last
year's trophy winners.
According to Coach Elwyn Bugge,
the following men will compete for
Stanford: Dick Meyerhoff, Marlin
Nelson, Bob Earl, Jack Boyd, and
George Halliwell. The public is in
vited.
Haiti was formerly a French
colony.
The Stanford fencing team will
open its 1940-4.1 attempt for the
Heron Trophy with a meet this
Friday with the Olympic Club, last
year's trophy winners.
According to Coach Elwyn Bugge,
the following men will compete for
Stanford: Dick Meyerhoff, Marlin
Nelson, Bob Earl, Jack Boyd, and
George Halliwell. The public is in
vited.
Haiti was formerly a French
colony.
The Stanford fencing team will
open its 1940-4.1 attempt for the
Heron Trophy with a meet this
Friday with the Olympic Club, last
year's trophy winners.
According to Coach Elwyn Bugge,
the following men will compete for
Stanford: Dick Meyerhoff, Marlin
Nelson, Bob Earl, Jack Boyd, and
George Halliwell. The public is in
vited.
Haiti was formerly a French
colony.
The Stanford fencing team will
open its 1940-4.1 attempt for the
Heron Trophy with a meet this
Friday with the Olympic Club, last
year's trophy winners.
According to Coach Elwyn Bugge,
the following men will compete for
Stanford: Dick Meyerhoff, Marlin
Nelson, Bob Earl, Jack Boyd, and
George Halliwell. The public is in
vited.
Haiti was formerly a French
colony.
The Stanford fencing team will
open its 1940-4.1 attempt for the
Heron Trophy with a meet this
Friday with the Olympic Club, last
year's trophy winners.
According to Coach Elwyn Bugge,
the following men will compete for
Stanford: Dick Meyerhoff, Marlin
Nelson, Bob Earl, Jack Boyd, and
George Halliwell. The public is in
vited.
Haiti was formerly a French
colony.
The Stanford fencing team will
open its 1940-4.1 attempt for the
Heron Trophy with a meet this
Friday with the Olympic Club, last
year's trophy winners.
According to Coach Elwyn Bugge,
the following men will compete for
Stanford: Dick Meyerhoff, Marlin
Nelson, Bob Earl, Jack Boyd, and
George Halliwell. The public is in
vited.
Haiti was formerly a French
colony.
The Stanford fencing team will
open its 1940-4.1 attempt for the
Heron Trophy with a meet this
Friday with the Olympic Club, last
year's trophy winners.
According to Coach Elwyn Bugge,
the following men will compete for
Stanford: Dick Meyerhoff, Marlin
Nelson, Bob Earl, Jack Boyd, and
George Halliwell. The public is in
vited.
Haiti was formerly a French
colony.
The Stanford fencing team will
open its 1940-4.1 attempt for the
Heron Trophy with a meet this
Friday with the Olympic Club, last
year's trophy winners.
According to Coach Elwyn Bugge,
the following men will compete for
Stanford: Dick Meyerhoff, Marlin
Nelson, Bob Earl, Jack Boyd, and
George Halliwell. The public is in
vited.
Haiti was formerly a French
colony.
The Stanford fencing team will
open its 1940-4.1 attempt for the
Heron Trophy with a meet this
Friday with the Olympic Club, last
year's trophy winners.
According to Coach Elwyn Bugge,
the following men will compete for
Stanford: Dick Meyerhoff, Marlin
Nelson, Bob Earl, Jack Boyd, and
George Halliwell. The public is in
vited.
Haiti was formerly a French
colony.
The Stanford fencing team will
open its 1940-4.1 attempt for the
Heron Trophy with a meet this
Friday with the Olympic Club, last
year's trophy winners.
According to Coach Elwyn Bugge,
the following men will compete for
Stanford: Dick Meyerhoff, Marlin
Nelson, Bob Earl, Jack Boyd, and
George Halliwell. The public is in
vited.
Haiti was formerly a French
colony.
