# NOTES IN QUANTITY AT N.Y. FAIR
## 
### 

A HIGH WIND nearly wrecked this vast piano recital at the New York World's Fair recently, hut the per
formers, playing with one hand and holding the music with the other, carried on. Over SO pianos wore
played in the huge outdoor piano festival undet the direction of Frank Wilking of Indianapolis.

A HIGH WIND nearly wrecked this vast piano recital at the New York World's Fair recently, hut the per
formers, playing with one hand and holding the music with the other, carried on. Over SO pianos wore
played in the huge outdoor piano festival undet the direction of Frank Wilking of Indianapolis.

A HIGH WIND nearly wrecked this vast piano recital at the New York World's Fair recently, hut the per
formers, playing with one hand and holding the music with the other, carried on. Over SO pianos wore
played in the huge outdoor piano festival undet the direction of Frank Wilking of Indianapolis.

A HIGH WIND nearly wrecked this vast piano recital at the New York World's Fair recently, hut the per
formers, playing with one hand and holding the music with the other, carried on. Over SO pianos wore
played in the huge outdoor piano festival undet the direction of Frank Wilking of Indianapolis.

A HIGH WIND nearly wrecked this vast piano recital at the New York World's Fair recently, hut the per
formers, playing with one hand and holding the music with the other, carried on. Over SO pianos wore
played in the huge outdoor piano festival undet the direction of Frank Wilking of Indianapolis.

A HIGH WIND nearly wrecked this vast piano recital at the New York World's Fair recently, hut the per
formers, playing with one hand and holding the music with the other, carried on. Over SO pianos wore
played in the huge outdoor piano festival undet the direction of Frank Wilking of Indianapolis.

A HIGH WIND nearly wrecked this vast piano recital at the New York World's Fair recently, hut the per
formers, playing with one hand and holding the music with the other, carried on. Over SO pianos wore
played in the huge outdoor piano festival undet the direction of Frank Wilking of Indianapolis.

A HIGH WIND nearly wrecked this vast piano recital at the New York World's Fair recently, hut the per
formers, playing with one hand and holding the music with the other, carried on. Over SO pianos wore
played in the huge outdoor piano festival undet the direction of Frank Wilking of Indianapolis.

A HIGH WIND nearly wrecked this vast piano recital at the New York World's Fair recently, hut the per
formers, playing with one hand and holding the music with the other, carried on. Over SO pianos wore
played in the huge outdoor piano festival undet the direction of Frank Wilking of Indianapolis.

A HIGH WIND nearly wrecked this vast piano recital at the New York World's Fair recently, hut the per
formers, playing with one hand and holding the music with the other, carried on. Over SO pianos wore
played in the huge outdoor piano festival undet the direction of Frank Wilking of Indianapolis.

A HIGH WIND nearly wrecked this vast piano recital at the New York World's Fair recently, hut the per
formers, playing with one hand and holding the music with the other, carried on. Over SO pianos wore
played in the huge outdoor piano festival undet the direction of Frank Wilking of Indianapolis.

A HIGH WIND nearly wrecked this vast piano recital at the New York World's Fair recently, hut the per
formers, playing with one hand and holding the music with the other, carried on. Over SO pianos wore
played in the huge outdoor piano festival undet the direction of Frank Wilking of Indianapolis.

A HIGH WIND nearly wrecked this vast piano recital at the New York World's Fair recently, hut the per
formers, playing with one hand and holding the music with the other, carried on. Over SO pianos wore
played in the huge outdoor piano festival undet the direction of Frank Wilking of Indianapolis.

A HIGH WIND nearly wrecked this vast piano recital at the New York World's Fair recently, hut the per
formers, playing with one hand and holding the music with the other, carried on. Over SO pianos wore
played in the huge outdoor piano festival undet the direction of Frank Wilking of Indianapolis.

A HIGH WIND nearly wrecked this vast piano recital at the New York World's Fair recently, hut the per
formers, playing with one hand and holding the music with the other, carried on. Over SO pianos wore
played in the huge outdoor piano festival undet the direction of Frank Wilking of Indianapolis.

A HIGH WIND nearly wrecked this vast piano recital at the New York World's Fair recently, hut the per
formers, playing with one hand and holding the music with the other, carried on. Over SO pianos wore
played in the huge outdoor piano festival undet the direction of Frank Wilking of Indianapolis.

A HIGH WIND nearly wrecked this vast piano recital at the New York World's Fair recently, hut the per
formers, playing with one hand and holding the music with the other, carried on. Over SO pianos wore
played in the huge outdoor piano festival undet the direction of Frank Wilking of Indianapolis.
