# CUP OFFERED TO SORORITY CLASS IN FINEST SHAPE
## 
### 
O ALT LAKE CITY, Utah,
March 20. — (Special)— The
annual climax to the Univer
sity of Utah's sorority rushing
season, the Sigma Chi "Row
Derby," will he repeated this
year, according to John Ire
land. president of the local
chapter,
"We don't know yet just
what part of the pledges we
will measure, inasmuch as the
hoys of the chapter arc still
arguing ahout the point, which,
of course, is quite technical,"
Ireland admitted. "But," he
continued, "we will have a sil
ver cup to give to the winning
sorority, and we believe the
patrol wagon will again escort
the new pledges to their
homes."
Sigma Chi officers, in com
menting on the recent female
measuring in an Eastern col
lege, which resulted in the
conclusion that modern co-eds
arc "higher and thicker," said
that it was highly probable
that the judges of the "Row
Derby" would endeavor to sub
stantiate this information.
O ALT LAKE CITY, Utah,
March 20. — (Special)— The
annual climax to the Univer
sity of Utah's sorority rushing
season, the Sigma Chi "Row
Derby," will he repeated this
year, according to John Ire
land. president of the local
chapter,
"We don't know yet just
what part of the pledges we
will measure, inasmuch as the
hoys of the chapter arc still
arguing ahout the point, which,
of course, is quite technical,"
Ireland admitted. "But," he
continued, "we will have a sil
ver cup to give to the winning
sorority, and we believe the
patrol wagon will again escort
the new pledges to their
homes."
Sigma Chi officers, in com
menting on the recent female
measuring in an Eastern col
lege, which resulted in the
conclusion that modern co-eds
arc "higher and thicker," said
that it was highly probable
that the judges of the "Row
Derby" would endeavor to sub
stantiate this information.
O ALT LAKE CITY, Utah,
March 20. — (Special)— The
annual climax to the Univer
sity of Utah's sorority rushing
season, the Sigma Chi "Row
Derby," will he repeated this
year, according to John Ire
land. president of the local
chapter,
"We don't know yet just
what part of the pledges we
will measure, inasmuch as the
hoys of the chapter arc still
arguing ahout the point, which,
of course, is quite technical,"
Ireland admitted. "But," he
continued, "we will have a sil
ver cup to give to the winning
sorority, and we believe the
patrol wagon will again escort
the new pledges to their
homes."
Sigma Chi officers, in com
menting on the recent female
measuring in an Eastern col
lege, which resulted in the
conclusion that modern co-eds
arc "higher and thicker," said
that it was highly probable
that the judges of the "Row
Derby" would endeavor to sub
stantiate this information.
O ALT LAKE CITY, Utah,
March 20. — (Special)— The
annual climax to the Univer
sity of Utah's sorority rushing
season, the Sigma Chi "Row
Derby," will he repeated this
year, according to John Ire
land. president of the local
chapter,
"We don't know yet just
what part of the pledges we
will measure, inasmuch as the
hoys of the chapter arc still
arguing ahout the point, which,
of course, is quite technical,"
Ireland admitted. "But," he
continued, "we will have a sil
ver cup to give to the winning
sorority, and we believe the
patrol wagon will again escort
the new pledges to their
homes."
Sigma Chi officers, in com
menting on the recent female
measuring in an Eastern col
lege, which resulted in the
conclusion that modern co-eds
arc "higher and thicker," said
that it was highly probable
that the judges of the "Row
Derby" would endeavor to sub
stantiate this information.
O ALT LAKE CITY, Utah,
March 20. — (Special)— The
annual climax to the Univer
sity of Utah's sorority rushing
season, the Sigma Chi "Row
Derby," will he repeated this
year, according to John Ire
land. president of the local
chapter,
"We don't know yet just
what part of the pledges we
will measure, inasmuch as the
hoys of the chapter arc still
arguing ahout the point, which,
of course, is quite technical,"
Ireland admitted. "But," he
continued, "we will have a sil
ver cup to give to the winning
sorority, and we believe the
patrol wagon will again escort
the new pledges to their
homes."
Sigma Chi officers, in com
menting on the recent female
measuring in an Eastern col
lege, which resulted in the
conclusion that modern co-eds
arc "higher and thicker," said
that it was highly probable
that the judges of the "Row
Derby" would endeavor to sub
stantiate this information.
O ALT LAKE CITY, Utah,
March 20. — (Special)— The
annual climax to the Univer
sity of Utah's sorority rushing
season, the Sigma Chi "Row
Derby," will he repeated this
year, according to John Ire
land. president of the local
chapter,
"We don't know yet just
what part of the pledges we
will measure, inasmuch as the
hoys of the chapter arc still
arguing ahout the point, which,
of course, is quite technical,"
Ireland admitted. "But," he
continued, "we will have a sil
ver cup to give to the winning
sorority, and we believe the
patrol wagon will again escort
the new pledges to their
homes."
Sigma Chi officers, in com
menting on the recent female
measuring in an Eastern col
lege, which resulted in the
conclusion that modern co-eds
arc "higher and thicker," said
that it was highly probable
that the judges of the "Row
Derby" would endeavor to sub
stantiate this information.
O ALT LAKE CITY, Utah,
March 20. — (Special)— The
annual climax to the Univer
sity of Utah's sorority rushing
season, the Sigma Chi "Row
Derby," will he repeated this
year, according to John Ire
land. president of the local
chapter,
"We don't know yet just
what part of the pledges we
will measure, inasmuch as the
hoys of the chapter arc still
arguing ahout the point, which,
of course, is quite technical,"
Ireland admitted. "But," he
continued, "we will have a sil
ver cup to give to the winning
sorority, and we believe the
patrol wagon will again escort
the new pledges to their
homes."
Sigma Chi officers, in com
menting on the recent female
measuring in an Eastern col
lege, which resulted in the
conclusion that modern co-eds
arc "higher and thicker," said
that it was highly probable
that the judges of the "Row
Derby" would endeavor to sub
stantiate this information.
O ALT LAKE CITY, Utah,
March 20. — (Special)— The
annual climax to the Univer
sity of Utah's sorority rushing
season, the Sigma Chi "Row
Derby," will he repeated this
year, according to John Ire
land. president of the local
chapter,
"We don't know yet just
what part of the pledges we
will measure, inasmuch as the
hoys of the chapter arc still
arguing ahout the point, which,
of course, is quite technical,"
Ireland admitted. "But," he
continued, "we will have a sil
ver cup to give to the winning
sorority, and we believe the
patrol wagon will again escort
the new pledges to their
homes."
Sigma Chi officers, in com
menting on the recent female
measuring in an Eastern col
lege, which resulted in the
conclusion that modern co-eds
arc "higher and thicker," said
that it was highly probable
that the judges of the "Row
Derby" would endeavor to sub
stantiate this information.
O ALT LAKE CITY, Utah,
March 20. — (Special)— The
annual climax to the Univer
sity of Utah's sorority rushing
season, the Sigma Chi "Row
Derby," will he repeated this
year, according to John Ire
land. president of the local
chapter,
"We don't know yet just
what part of the pledges we
will measure, inasmuch as the
hoys of the chapter arc still
arguing ahout the point, which,
of course, is quite technical,"
Ireland admitted. "But," he
continued, "we will have a sil
ver cup to give to the winning
sorority, and we believe the
patrol wagon will again escort
the new pledges to their
homes."
Sigma Chi officers, in com
menting on the recent female
measuring in an Eastern col
lege, which resulted in the
conclusion that modern co-eds
arc "higher and thicker," said
that it was highly probable
that the judges of the "Row
Derby" would endeavor to sub
stantiate this information.
O ALT LAKE CITY, Utah,
March 20. — (Special)— The
annual climax to the Univer
sity of Utah's sorority rushing
season, the Sigma Chi "Row
Derby," will he repeated this
year, according to John Ire
land. president of the local
chapter,
"We don't know yet just
what part of the pledges we
will measure, inasmuch as the
hoys of the chapter arc still
arguing ahout the point, which,
of course, is quite technical,"
Ireland admitted. "But," he
continued, "we will have a sil
ver cup to give to the winning
sorority, and we believe the
patrol wagon will again escort
the new pledges to their
homes."
Sigma Chi officers, in com
menting on the recent female
measuring in an Eastern col
lege, which resulted in the
conclusion that modern co-eds
arc "higher and thicker," said
that it was highly probable
that the judges of the "Row
Derby" would endeavor to sub
stantiate this information.
O ALT LAKE CITY, Utah,
March 20. — (Special)— The
annual climax to the Univer
sity of Utah's sorority rushing
season, the Sigma Chi "Row
Derby," will he repeated this
year, according to John Ire
land. president of the local
chapter,
"We don't know yet just
what part of the pledges we
will measure, inasmuch as the
hoys of the chapter arc still
arguing ahout the point, which,
of course, is quite technical,"
Ireland admitted. "But," he
continued, "we will have a sil
ver cup to give to the winning
sorority, and we believe the
patrol wagon will again escort
the new pledges to their
homes."
Sigma Chi officers, in com
menting on the recent female
measuring in an Eastern col
lege, which resulted in the
conclusion that modern co-eds
arc "higher and thicker," said
that it was highly probable
that the judges of the "Row
Derby" would endeavor to sub
stantiate this information.
O ALT LAKE CITY, Utah,
March 20. — (Special)— The
annual climax to the Univer
sity of Utah's sorority rushing
season, the Sigma Chi "Row
Derby," will he repeated this
year, according to John Ire
land. president of the local
chapter,
"We don't know yet just
what part of the pledges we
will measure, inasmuch as the
hoys of the chapter arc still
arguing ahout the point, which,
of course, is quite technical,"
Ireland admitted. "But," he
continued, "we will have a sil
ver cup to give to the winning
sorority, and we believe the
patrol wagon will again escort
the new pledges to their
homes."
Sigma Chi officers, in com
menting on the recent female
measuring in an Eastern col
lege, which resulted in the
conclusion that modern co-eds
arc "higher and thicker," said
that it was highly probable
that the judges of the "Row
Derby" would endeavor to sub
stantiate this information.
O ALT LAKE CITY, Utah,
March 20. — (Special)— The
annual climax to the Univer
sity of Utah's sorority rushing
season, the Sigma Chi "Row
Derby," will he repeated this
year, according to John Ire
land. president of the local
chapter,
"We don't know yet just
what part of the pledges we
will measure, inasmuch as the
hoys of the chapter arc still
arguing ahout the point, which,
of course, is quite technical,"
Ireland admitted. "But," he
continued, "we will have a sil
ver cup to give to the winning
sorority, and we believe the
patrol wagon will again escort
the new pledges to their
homes."
Sigma Chi officers, in com
menting on the recent female
measuring in an Eastern col
lege, which resulted in the
conclusion that modern co-eds
arc "higher and thicker," said
that it was highly probable
that the judges of the "Row
Derby" would endeavor to sub
stantiate this information.
O ALT LAKE CITY, Utah,
March 20. — (Special)— The
annual climax to the Univer
sity of Utah's sorority rushing
season, the Sigma Chi "Row
Derby," will he repeated this
year, according to John Ire
land. president of the local
chapter,
"We don't know yet just
what part of the pledges we
will measure, inasmuch as the
hoys of the chapter arc still
arguing ahout the point, which,
of course, is quite technical,"
Ireland admitted. "But," he
continued, "we will have a sil
ver cup to give to the winning
sorority, and we believe the
patrol wagon will again escort
the new pledges to their
homes."
Sigma Chi officers, in com
menting on the recent female
measuring in an Eastern col
lege, which resulted in the
conclusion that modern co-eds
arc "higher and thicker," said
that it was highly probable
that the judges of the "Row
Derby" would endeavor to sub
stantiate this information.
O ALT LAKE CITY, Utah,
March 20. — (Special)— The
annual climax to the Univer
sity of Utah's sorority rushing
season, the Sigma Chi "Row
Derby," will he repeated this
year, according to John Ire
land. president of the local
chapter,
"We don't know yet just
what part of the pledges we
will measure, inasmuch as the
hoys of the chapter arc still
arguing ahout the point, which,
of course, is quite technical,"
Ireland admitted. "But," he
continued, "we will have a sil
ver cup to give to the winning
sorority, and we believe the
patrol wagon will again escort
the new pledges to their
homes."
Sigma Chi officers, in com
menting on the recent female
measuring in an Eastern col
lege, which resulted in the
conclusion that modern co-eds
arc "higher and thicker," said
that it was highly probable
that the judges of the "Row
Derby" would endeavor to sub
stantiate this information.
