# CIVIC JOB FOR COTTRELL GETS MAYOR'S DENIAL
## Cottrell Denies Knowledge Of Rumor Save For Newspaper Talk 
### 
Declaring that he knew nothing
of the matter save what had ap
peared in the newspapers, Professor
Edwin A. Cottrell, head of the poli
tical science department, yesterday
declined to comment on unconfirmed
reports to the effect that he would
be appointed to a high administra
tive post in San Francisco's city
government, created under the new
charter approved by the voters of
that city last week.

Professor Cottrell, recognized as
an authority in municipal govern
ment, had been called upon in an
advisory capacity when the charter
was drawn up, and with its favor
able reception by the voters, two
San Francisco newspapers carried
the report that the freeholders be
hind the charter movement would
demand the appointment of Cottrell
to the position of chief administx*a
tive officer, when the charter goes
into effect next January.

No confirmation of this rumor was
forthcoming, however, and Mayor
Angelo Rossi of San Francisco, with
whom the appointment rests, em
phatically denied that he was con
sidering, at this time, either Cot
trell or any one of a number of
men whose names had been linked
with the position.

Professor Cottrell, although not a
resident of San Francisco, would be
eligible for the post, inasmuch as
the new charter's residence require
ments demand only that the ap
pointee live in the state. The posi
tion carries an annual salary of
$12,000.
Declaring that he knew nothing
of the matter save what had ap
peared in the newspapers, Professor
Edwin A. Cottrell, head of the poli
tical science department, yesterday
declined to comment on unconfirmed
reports to the effect that he would
be appointed to a high administra
tive post in San Francisco's city
government, created under the new
charter approved by the voters of
that city last week.

Professor Cottrell, recognized as
an authority in municipal govern
ment, had been called upon in an
advisory capacity when the charter
was drawn up, and with its favor
able reception by the voters, two
San Francisco newspapers carried
the report that the freeholders be
hind the charter movement would
demand the appointment of Cottrell
to the position of chief administx*a
tive officer, when the charter goes
into effect next January.

No confirmation of this rumor was
forthcoming, however, and Mayor
Angelo Rossi of San Francisco, with
whom the appointment rests, em
phatically denied that he was con
sidering, at this time, either Cot
trell or any one of a number of
men whose names had been linked
with the position.

Professor Cottrell, although not a
resident of San Francisco, would be
eligible for the post, inasmuch as
the new charter's residence require
ments demand only that the ap
pointee live in the state. The posi
tion carries an annual salary of
$12,000.
Declaring that he knew nothing
of the matter save what had ap
peared in the newspapers, Professor
Edwin A. Cottrell, head of the poli
tical science department, yesterday
declined to comment on unconfirmed
reports to the effect that he would
be appointed to a high administra
tive post in San Francisco's city
government, created under the new
charter approved by the voters of
that city last week.

Professor Cottrell, recognized as
an authority in municipal govern
ment, had been called upon in an
advisory capacity when the charter
was drawn up, and with its favor
able reception by the voters, two
San Francisco newspapers carried
the report that the freeholders be
hind the charter movement would
demand the appointment of Cottrell
to the position of chief administx*a
tive officer, when the charter goes
into effect next January.

No confirmation of this rumor was
forthcoming, however, and Mayor
Angelo Rossi of San Francisco, with
whom the appointment rests, em
phatically denied that he was con
sidering, at this time, either Cot
trell or any one of a number of
men whose names had been linked
with the position.

Professor Cottrell, although not a
resident of San Francisco, would be
eligible for the post, inasmuch as
the new charter's residence require
ments demand only that the ap
pointee live in the state. The posi
tion carries an annual salary of
$12,000.
Declaring that he knew nothing
of the matter save what had ap
peared in the newspapers, Professor
Edwin A. Cottrell, head of the poli
tical science department, yesterday
declined to comment on unconfirmed
reports to the effect that he would
be appointed to a high administra
tive post in San Francisco's city
government, created under the new
charter approved by the voters of
that city last week.

Professor Cottrell, recognized as
an authority in municipal govern
ment, had been called upon in an
advisory capacity when the charter
was drawn up, and with its favor
able reception by the voters, two
San Francisco newspapers carried
the report that the freeholders be
hind the charter movement would
demand the appointment of Cottrell
to the position of chief administx*a
tive officer, when the charter goes
into effect next January.

No confirmation of this rumor was
forthcoming, however, and Mayor
Angelo Rossi of San Francisco, with
whom the appointment rests, em
phatically denied that he was con
sidering, at this time, either Cot
trell or any one of a number of
men whose names had been linked
with the position.

Professor Cottrell, although not a
resident of San Francisco, would be
eligible for the post, inasmuch as
the new charter's residence require
ments demand only that the ap
pointee live in the state. The posi
tion carries an annual salary of
$12,000.
Declaring that he knew nothing
of the matter save what had ap
peared in the newspapers, Professor
Edwin A. Cottrell, head of the poli
tical science department, yesterday
declined to comment on unconfirmed
reports to the effect that he would
be appointed to a high administra
tive post in San Francisco's city
government, created under the new
charter approved by the voters of
that city last week.

Professor Cottrell, recognized as
an authority in municipal govern
ment, had been called upon in an
advisory capacity when the charter
was drawn up, and with its favor
able reception by the voters, two
San Francisco newspapers carried
the report that the freeholders be
hind the charter movement would
demand the appointment of Cottrell
to the position of chief administx*a
tive officer, when the charter goes
into effect next January.

No confirmation of this rumor was
forthcoming, however, and Mayor
Angelo Rossi of San Francisco, with
whom the appointment rests, em
phatically denied that he was con
sidering, at this time, either Cot
trell or any one of a number of
men whose names had been linked
with the position.

Professor Cottrell, although not a
resident of San Francisco, would be
eligible for the post, inasmuch as
the new charter's residence require
ments demand only that the ap
pointee live in the state. The posi
tion carries an annual salary of
$12,000.
Declaring that he knew nothing
of the matter save what had ap
peared in the newspapers, Professor
Edwin A. Cottrell, head of the poli
tical science department, yesterday
declined to comment on unconfirmed
reports to the effect that he would
be appointed to a high administra
tive post in San Francisco's city
government, created under the new
charter approved by the voters of
that city last week.

Professor Cottrell, recognized as
an authority in municipal govern
ment, had been called upon in an
advisory capacity when the charter
was drawn up, and with its favor
able reception by the voters, two
San Francisco newspapers carried
the report that the freeholders be
hind the charter movement would
demand the appointment of Cottrell
to the position of chief administx*a
tive officer, when the charter goes
into effect next January.

No confirmation of this rumor was
forthcoming, however, and Mayor
Angelo Rossi of San Francisco, with
whom the appointment rests, em
phatically denied that he was con
sidering, at this time, either Cot
trell or any one of a number of
men whose names had been linked
with the position.

Professor Cottrell, although not a
resident of San Francisco, would be
eligible for the post, inasmuch as
the new charter's residence require
ments demand only that the ap
pointee live in the state. The posi
tion carries an annual salary of
$12,000.
Declaring that he knew nothing
of the matter save what had ap
peared in the newspapers, Professor
Edwin A. Cottrell, head of the poli
tical science department, yesterday
declined to comment on unconfirmed
reports to the effect that he would
be appointed to a high administra
tive post in San Francisco's city
government, created under the new
charter approved by the voters of
that city last week.

Professor Cottrell, recognized as
an authority in municipal govern
ment, had been called upon in an
advisory capacity when the charter
was drawn up, and with its favor
able reception by the voters, two
San Francisco newspapers carried
the report that the freeholders be
hind the charter movement would
demand the appointment of Cottrell
to the position of chief administx*a
tive officer, when the charter goes
into effect next January.

No confirmation of this rumor was
forthcoming, however, and Mayor
Angelo Rossi of San Francisco, with
whom the appointment rests, em
phatically denied that he was con
sidering, at this time, either Cot
trell or any one of a number of
men whose names had been linked
with the position.

Professor Cottrell, although not a
resident of San Francisco, would be
eligible for the post, inasmuch as
the new charter's residence require
ments demand only that the ap
pointee live in the state. The posi
tion carries an annual salary of
$12,000.
Declaring that he knew nothing
of the matter save what had ap
peared in the newspapers, Professor
Edwin A. Cottrell, head of the poli
tical science department, yesterday
declined to comment on unconfirmed
reports to the effect that he would
be appointed to a high administra
tive post in San Francisco's city
government, created under the new
charter approved by the voters of
that city last week.

Professor Cottrell, recognized as
an authority in municipal govern
ment, had been called upon in an
advisory capacity when the charter
was drawn up, and with its favor
able reception by the voters, two
San Francisco newspapers carried
the report that the freeholders be
hind the charter movement would
demand the appointment of Cottrell
to the position of chief administx*a
tive officer, when the charter goes
into effect next January.

No confirmation of this rumor was
forthcoming, however, and Mayor
Angelo Rossi of San Francisco, with
whom the appointment rests, em
phatically denied that he was con
sidering, at this time, either Cot
trell or any one of a number of
men whose names had been linked
with the position.

Professor Cottrell, although not a
resident of San Francisco, would be
eligible for the post, inasmuch as
the new charter's residence require
ments demand only that the ap
pointee live in the state. The posi
tion carries an annual salary of
$12,000.
Declaring that he knew nothing
of the matter save what had ap
peared in the newspapers, Professor
Edwin A. Cottrell, head of the poli
tical science department, yesterday
declined to comment on unconfirmed
reports to the effect that he would
be appointed to a high administra
tive post in San Francisco's city
government, created under the new
charter approved by the voters of
that city last week.

Professor Cottrell, recognized as
an authority in municipal govern
ment, had been called upon in an
advisory capacity when the charter
was drawn up, and with its favor
able reception by the voters, two
San Francisco newspapers carried
the report that the freeholders be
hind the charter movement would
demand the appointment of Cottrell
to the position of chief administx*a
tive officer, when the charter goes
into effect next January.

No confirmation of this rumor was
forthcoming, however, and Mayor
Angelo Rossi of San Francisco, with
whom the appointment rests, em
phatically denied that he was con
sidering, at this time, either Cot
trell or any one of a number of
men whose names had been linked
with the position.

Professor Cottrell, although not a
resident of San Francisco, would be
eligible for the post, inasmuch as
the new charter's residence require
ments demand only that the ap
pointee live in the state. The posi
tion carries an annual salary of
$12,000.
Declaring that he knew nothing
of the matter save what had ap
peared in the newspapers, Professor
Edwin A. Cottrell, head of the poli
tical science department, yesterday
declined to comment on unconfirmed
reports to the effect that he would
be appointed to a high administra
tive post in San Francisco's city
government, created under the new
charter approved by the voters of
that city last week.

Professor Cottrell, recognized as
an authority in municipal govern
ment, had been called upon in an
advisory capacity when the charter
was drawn up, and with its favor
able reception by the voters, two
San Francisco newspapers carried
the report that the freeholders be
hind the charter movement would
demand the appointment of Cottrell
to the position of chief administx*a
tive officer, when the charter goes
into effect next January.

No confirmation of this rumor was
forthcoming, however, and Mayor
Angelo Rossi of San Francisco, with
whom the appointment rests, em
phatically denied that he was con
sidering, at this time, either Cot
trell or any one of a number of
men whose names had been linked
with the position.

Professor Cottrell, although not a
resident of San Francisco, would be
eligible for the post, inasmuch as
the new charter's residence require
ments demand only that the ap
pointee live in the state. The posi
tion carries an annual salary of
$12,000.
Declaring that he knew nothing
of the matter save what had ap
peared in the newspapers, Professor
Edwin A. Cottrell, head of the poli
tical science department, yesterday
declined to comment on unconfirmed
reports to the effect that he would
be appointed to a high administra
tive post in San Francisco's city
government, created under the new
charter approved by the voters of
that city last week.

Professor Cottrell, recognized as
an authority in municipal govern
ment, had been called upon in an
advisory capacity when the charter
was drawn up, and with its favor
able reception by the voters, two
San Francisco newspapers carried
the report that the freeholders be
hind the charter movement would
demand the appointment of Cottrell
to the position of chief administx*a
tive officer, when the charter goes
into effect next January.

No confirmation of this rumor was
forthcoming, however, and Mayor
Angelo Rossi of San Francisco, with
whom the appointment rests, em
phatically denied that he was con
sidering, at this time, either Cot
trell or any one of a number of
men whose names had been linked
with the position.

Professor Cottrell, although not a
resident of San Francisco, would be
eligible for the post, inasmuch as
the new charter's residence require
ments demand only that the ap
pointee live in the state. The posi
tion carries an annual salary of
$12,000.
Declaring that he knew nothing
of the matter save what had ap
peared in the newspapers, Professor
Edwin A. Cottrell, head of the poli
tical science department, yesterday
declined to comment on unconfirmed
reports to the effect that he would
be appointed to a high administra
tive post in San Francisco's city
government, created under the new
charter approved by the voters of
that city last week.

Professor Cottrell, recognized as
an authority in municipal govern
ment, had been called upon in an
advisory capacity when the charter
was drawn up, and with its favor
able reception by the voters, two
San Francisco newspapers carried
the report that the freeholders be
hind the charter movement would
demand the appointment of Cottrell
to the position of chief administx*a
tive officer, when the charter goes
into effect next January.

No confirmation of this rumor was
forthcoming, however, and Mayor
Angelo Rossi of San Francisco, with
whom the appointment rests, em
phatically denied that he was con
sidering, at this time, either Cot
trell or any one of a number of
men whose names had been linked
with the position.

Professor Cottrell, although not a
resident of San Francisco, would be
eligible for the post, inasmuch as
the new charter's residence require
ments demand only that the ap
pointee live in the state. The posi
tion carries an annual salary of
$12,000.
Declaring that he knew nothing
of the matter save what had ap
peared in the newspapers, Professor
Edwin A. Cottrell, head of the poli
tical science department, yesterday
declined to comment on unconfirmed
reports to the effect that he would
be appointed to a high administra
tive post in San Francisco's city
government, created under the new
charter approved by the voters of
that city last week.

Professor Cottrell, recognized as
an authority in municipal govern
ment, had been called upon in an
advisory capacity when the charter
was drawn up, and with its favor
able reception by the voters, two
San Francisco newspapers carried
the report that the freeholders be
hind the charter movement would
demand the appointment of Cottrell
to the position of chief administx*a
tive officer, when the charter goes
into effect next January.

No confirmation of this rumor was
forthcoming, however, and Mayor
Angelo Rossi of San Francisco, with
whom the appointment rests, em
phatically denied that he was con
sidering, at this time, either Cot
trell or any one of a number of
men whose names had been linked
with the position.

Professor Cottrell, although not a
resident of San Francisco, would be
eligible for the post, inasmuch as
the new charter's residence require
ments demand only that the ap
pointee live in the state. The posi
tion carries an annual salary of
$12,000.
Declaring that he knew nothing
of the matter save what had ap
peared in the newspapers, Professor
Edwin A. Cottrell, head of the poli
tical science department, yesterday
declined to comment on unconfirmed
reports to the effect that he would
be appointed to a high administra
tive post in San Francisco's city
government, created under the new
charter approved by the voters of
that city last week.

Professor Cottrell, recognized as
an authority in municipal govern
ment, had been called upon in an
advisory capacity when the charter
was drawn up, and with its favor
able reception by the voters, two
San Francisco newspapers carried
the report that the freeholders be
hind the charter movement would
demand the appointment of Cottrell
to the position of chief administx*a
tive officer, when the charter goes
into effect next January.

No confirmation of this rumor was
forthcoming, however, and Mayor
Angelo Rossi of San Francisco, with
whom the appointment rests, em
phatically denied that he was con
sidering, at this time, either Cot
trell or any one of a number of
men whose names had been linked
with the position.

Professor Cottrell, although not a
resident of San Francisco, would be
eligible for the post, inasmuch as
the new charter's residence require
ments demand only that the ap
pointee live in the state. The posi
tion carries an annual salary of
$12,000.
Declaring that he knew nothing
of the matter save what had ap
peared in the newspapers, Professor
Edwin A. Cottrell, head of the poli
tical science department, yesterday
declined to comment on unconfirmed
reports to the effect that he would
be appointed to a high administra
tive post in San Francisco's city
government, created under the new
charter approved by the voters of
that city last week.

Professor Cottrell, recognized as
an authority in municipal govern
ment, had been called upon in an
advisory capacity when the charter
was drawn up, and with its favor
able reception by the voters, two
San Francisco newspapers carried
the report that the freeholders be
hind the charter movement would
demand the appointment of Cottrell
to the position of chief administx*a
tive officer, when the charter goes
into effect next January.

No confirmation of this rumor was
forthcoming, however, and Mayor
Angelo Rossi of San Francisco, with
whom the appointment rests, em
phatically denied that he was con
sidering, at this time, either Cot
trell or any one of a number of
men whose names had been linked
with the position.

Professor Cottrell, although not a
resident of San Francisco, would be
eligible for the post, inasmuch as
the new charter's residence require
ments demand only that the ap
pointee live in the state. The posi
tion carries an annual salary of
$12,000.
