# EFFECTIVE ENFORCEMENT
## 
### 
At its lust meeting of the winter quarter, Men's Council
took vigorous and effective action for the enforcement of
the Honor (.ode. An offender who had been guilty of pre
vious violation of the Code, was convicted of his second
offense, sentenced to permanent expulsion from the Uni
versity.
This case was the first conviction of a second offense to
come before a Stanford student council since the councils
jointly announced their policy of definite punishment for
convicted Honor Code violators. Men's Council deserves
praise for ils honest effort lo make effective the proposed
enforcement policy.
This policy includes, briefly, three quarters' suspension
upon conviction of first violation, permanent expulsion
upon conviction of second violation.
At its lust meeting of the winter quarter, Men's Council
took vigorous and effective action for the enforcement of
the Honor (.ode. An offender who had been guilty of pre
vious violation of the Code, was convicted of his second
offense, sentenced to permanent expulsion from the Uni
versity.
This case was the first conviction of a second offense to
come before a Stanford student council since the councils
jointly announced their policy of definite punishment for
convicted Honor Code violators. Men's Council deserves
praise for ils honest effort lo make effective the proposed
enforcement policy.
This policy includes, briefly, three quarters' suspension
upon conviction of first violation, permanent expulsion
upon conviction of second violation.
At its lust meeting of the winter quarter, Men's Council
took vigorous and effective action for the enforcement of
the Honor (.ode. An offender who had been guilty of pre
vious violation of the Code, was convicted of his second
offense, sentenced to permanent expulsion from the Uni
versity.
This case was the first conviction of a second offense to
come before a Stanford student council since the councils
jointly announced their policy of definite punishment for
convicted Honor Code violators. Men's Council deserves
praise for ils honest effort lo make effective the proposed
enforcement policy.
This policy includes, briefly, three quarters' suspension
upon conviction of first violation, permanent expulsion
upon conviction of second violation.
At its lust meeting of the winter quarter, Men's Council
took vigorous and effective action for the enforcement of
the Honor (.ode. An offender who had been guilty of pre
vious violation of the Code, was convicted of his second
offense, sentenced to permanent expulsion from the Uni
versity.
This case was the first conviction of a second offense to
come before a Stanford student council since the councils
jointly announced their policy of definite punishment for
convicted Honor Code violators. Men's Council deserves
praise for ils honest effort lo make effective the proposed
enforcement policy.
This policy includes, briefly, three quarters' suspension
upon conviction of first violation, permanent expulsion
upon conviction of second violation.
At its lust meeting of the winter quarter, Men's Council
took vigorous and effective action for the enforcement of
the Honor (.ode. An offender who had been guilty of pre
vious violation of the Code, was convicted of his second
offense, sentenced to permanent expulsion from the Uni
versity.
This case was the first conviction of a second offense to
come before a Stanford student council since the councils
jointly announced their policy of definite punishment for
convicted Honor Code violators. Men's Council deserves
praise for ils honest effort lo make effective the proposed
enforcement policy.
This policy includes, briefly, three quarters' suspension
upon conviction of first violation, permanent expulsion
upon conviction of second violation.
At its lust meeting of the winter quarter, Men's Council
took vigorous and effective action for the enforcement of
the Honor (.ode. An offender who had been guilty of pre
vious violation of the Code, was convicted of his second
offense, sentenced to permanent expulsion from the Uni
versity.
This case was the first conviction of a second offense to
come before a Stanford student council since the councils
jointly announced their policy of definite punishment for
convicted Honor Code violators. Men's Council deserves
praise for ils honest effort lo make effective the proposed
enforcement policy.
This policy includes, briefly, three quarters' suspension
upon conviction of first violation, permanent expulsion
upon conviction of second violation.
At its lust meeting of the winter quarter, Men's Council
took vigorous and effective action for the enforcement of
the Honor (.ode. An offender who had been guilty of pre
vious violation of the Code, was convicted of his second
offense, sentenced to permanent expulsion from the Uni
versity.
This case was the first conviction of a second offense to
come before a Stanford student council since the councils
jointly announced their policy of definite punishment for
convicted Honor Code violators. Men's Council deserves
praise for ils honest effort lo make effective the proposed
enforcement policy.
This policy includes, briefly, three quarters' suspension
upon conviction of first violation, permanent expulsion
upon conviction of second violation.
At its lust meeting of the winter quarter, Men's Council
took vigorous and effective action for the enforcement of
the Honor (.ode. An offender who had been guilty of pre
vious violation of the Code, was convicted of his second
offense, sentenced to permanent expulsion from the Uni
versity.
This case was the first conviction of a second offense to
come before a Stanford student council since the councils
jointly announced their policy of definite punishment for
convicted Honor Code violators. Men's Council deserves
praise for ils honest effort lo make effective the proposed
enforcement policy.
This policy includes, briefly, three quarters' suspension
upon conviction of first violation, permanent expulsion
upon conviction of second violation.
At its lust meeting of the winter quarter, Men's Council
took vigorous and effective action for the enforcement of
the Honor (.ode. An offender who had been guilty of pre
vious violation of the Code, was convicted of his second
offense, sentenced to permanent expulsion from the Uni
versity.
This case was the first conviction of a second offense to
come before a Stanford student council since the councils
jointly announced their policy of definite punishment for
convicted Honor Code violators. Men's Council deserves
praise for ils honest effort lo make effective the proposed
enforcement policy.
This policy includes, briefly, three quarters' suspension
upon conviction of first violation, permanent expulsion
upon conviction of second violation.
At its lust meeting of the winter quarter, Men's Council
took vigorous and effective action for the enforcement of
the Honor (.ode. An offender who had been guilty of pre
vious violation of the Code, was convicted of his second
offense, sentenced to permanent expulsion from the Uni
versity.
This case was the first conviction of a second offense to
come before a Stanford student council since the councils
jointly announced their policy of definite punishment for
convicted Honor Code violators. Men's Council deserves
praise for ils honest effort lo make effective the proposed
enforcement policy.
This policy includes, briefly, three quarters' suspension
upon conviction of first violation, permanent expulsion
upon conviction of second violation.
At its lust meeting of the winter quarter, Men's Council
took vigorous and effective action for the enforcement of
the Honor (.ode. An offender who had been guilty of pre
vious violation of the Code, was convicted of his second
offense, sentenced to permanent expulsion from the Uni
versity.
This case was the first conviction of a second offense to
come before a Stanford student council since the councils
jointly announced their policy of definite punishment for
convicted Honor Code violators. Men's Council deserves
praise for ils honest effort lo make effective the proposed
enforcement policy.
This policy includes, briefly, three quarters' suspension
upon conviction of first violation, permanent expulsion
upon conviction of second violation.
At its lust meeting of the winter quarter, Men's Council
took vigorous and effective action for the enforcement of
the Honor (.ode. An offender who had been guilty of pre
vious violation of the Code, was convicted of his second
offense, sentenced to permanent expulsion from the Uni
versity.
This case was the first conviction of a second offense to
come before a Stanford student council since the councils
jointly announced their policy of definite punishment for
convicted Honor Code violators. Men's Council deserves
praise for ils honest effort lo make effective the proposed
enforcement policy.
This policy includes, briefly, three quarters' suspension
upon conviction of first violation, permanent expulsion
upon conviction of second violation.
At its lust meeting of the winter quarter, Men's Council
took vigorous and effective action for the enforcement of
the Honor (.ode. An offender who had been guilty of pre
vious violation of the Code, was convicted of his second
offense, sentenced to permanent expulsion from the Uni
versity.
This case was the first conviction of a second offense to
come before a Stanford student council since the councils
jointly announced their policy of definite punishment for
convicted Honor Code violators. Men's Council deserves
praise for ils honest effort lo make effective the proposed
enforcement policy.
This policy includes, briefly, three quarters' suspension
upon conviction of first violation, permanent expulsion
upon conviction of second violation.
At its lust meeting of the winter quarter, Men's Council
took vigorous and effective action for the enforcement of
the Honor (.ode. An offender who had been guilty of pre
vious violation of the Code, was convicted of his second
offense, sentenced to permanent expulsion from the Uni
versity.
This case was the first conviction of a second offense to
come before a Stanford student council since the councils
jointly announced their policy of definite punishment for
convicted Honor Code violators. Men's Council deserves
praise for ils honest effort lo make effective the proposed
enforcement policy.
This policy includes, briefly, three quarters' suspension
upon conviction of first violation, permanent expulsion
upon conviction of second violation.
At its lust meeting of the winter quarter, Men's Council
took vigorous and effective action for the enforcement of
the Honor (.ode. An offender who had been guilty of pre
vious violation of the Code, was convicted of his second
offense, sentenced to permanent expulsion from the Uni
versity.
This case was the first conviction of a second offense to
come before a Stanford student council since the councils
jointly announced their policy of definite punishment for
convicted Honor Code violators. Men's Council deserves
praise for ils honest effort lo make effective the proposed
enforcement policy.
This policy includes, briefly, three quarters' suspension
upon conviction of first violation, permanent expulsion
upon conviction of second violation.
