# CALIFORNIA AND STANFORD BABES PLAY SATURDAY
## 
### 
Stanford antl California freshmen
should give one of the best exhibi
tions of the diamond sport seen hero
this season, when they meet on the
varsity diamond, Saturday afternoon,
at 3 o'clock.
While the lineup has not been def
initely announced, there will probably
not be any marked changes made be
fore Saturday's game. Keisor will
probably be the pitcher selected, as
Peterson worked in the game against
the Indoor Yacht Club last Saturday.
The remainder of the lineup will prob
ably be Mitchell, catcher; Mitchell,
first; Messick, second; Cowan, short;
Shriver, third; with Ryan, Lilly, Rea
gon, and TCovdston in the outer gar
dens.
Stanford antl California freshmen
should give one of the best exhibi
tions of the diamond sport seen hero
this season, when they meet on the
varsity diamond, Saturday afternoon,
at 3 o'clock.
While the lineup has not been def
initely announced, there will probably
not be any marked changes made be
fore Saturday's game. Keisor will
probably be the pitcher selected, as
Peterson worked in the game against
the Indoor Yacht Club last Saturday.
The remainder of the lineup will prob
ably be Mitchell, catcher; Mitchell,
first; Messick, second; Cowan, short;
Shriver, third; with Ryan, Lilly, Rea
gon, and TCovdston in the outer gar
dens.
Stanford antl California freshmen
should give one of the best exhibi
tions of the diamond sport seen hero
this season, when they meet on the
varsity diamond, Saturday afternoon,
at 3 o'clock.
While the lineup has not been def
initely announced, there will probably
not be any marked changes made be
fore Saturday's game. Keisor will
probably be the pitcher selected, as
Peterson worked in the game against
the Indoor Yacht Club last Saturday.
The remainder of the lineup will prob
ably be Mitchell, catcher; Mitchell,
first; Messick, second; Cowan, short;
Shriver, third; with Ryan, Lilly, Rea
gon, and TCovdston in the outer gar
dens.
Stanford antl California freshmen
should give one of the best exhibi
tions of the diamond sport seen hero
this season, when they meet on the
varsity diamond, Saturday afternoon,
at 3 o'clock.
While the lineup has not been def
initely announced, there will probably
not be any marked changes made be
fore Saturday's game. Keisor will
probably be the pitcher selected, as
Peterson worked in the game against
the Indoor Yacht Club last Saturday.
The remainder of the lineup will prob
ably be Mitchell, catcher; Mitchell,
first; Messick, second; Cowan, short;
Shriver, third; with Ryan, Lilly, Rea
gon, and TCovdston in the outer gar
dens.
Stanford antl California freshmen
should give one of the best exhibi
tions of the diamond sport seen hero
this season, when they meet on the
varsity diamond, Saturday afternoon,
at 3 o'clock.
While the lineup has not been def
initely announced, there will probably
not be any marked changes made be
fore Saturday's game. Keisor will
probably be the pitcher selected, as
Peterson worked in the game against
the Indoor Yacht Club last Saturday.
The remainder of the lineup will prob
ably be Mitchell, catcher; Mitchell,
first; Messick, second; Cowan, short;
Shriver, third; with Ryan, Lilly, Rea
gon, and TCovdston in the outer gar
dens.
Stanford antl California freshmen
should give one of the best exhibi
tions of the diamond sport seen hero
this season, when they meet on the
varsity diamond, Saturday afternoon,
at 3 o'clock.
While the lineup has not been def
initely announced, there will probably
not be any marked changes made be
fore Saturday's game. Keisor will
probably be the pitcher selected, as
Peterson worked in the game against
the Indoor Yacht Club last Saturday.
The remainder of the lineup will prob
ably be Mitchell, catcher; Mitchell,
first; Messick, second; Cowan, short;
Shriver, third; with Ryan, Lilly, Rea
gon, and TCovdston in the outer gar
dens.
Stanford antl California freshmen
should give one of the best exhibi
tions of the diamond sport seen hero
this season, when they meet on the
varsity diamond, Saturday afternoon,
at 3 o'clock.
While the lineup has not been def
initely announced, there will probably
not be any marked changes made be
fore Saturday's game. Keisor will
probably be the pitcher selected, as
Peterson worked in the game against
the Indoor Yacht Club last Saturday.
The remainder of the lineup will prob
ably be Mitchell, catcher; Mitchell,
first; Messick, second; Cowan, short;
Shriver, third; with Ryan, Lilly, Rea
gon, and TCovdston in the outer gar
dens.
Stanford antl California freshmen
should give one of the best exhibi
tions of the diamond sport seen hero
this season, when they meet on the
varsity diamond, Saturday afternoon,
at 3 o'clock.
While the lineup has not been def
initely announced, there will probably
not be any marked changes made be
fore Saturday's game. Keisor will
probably be the pitcher selected, as
Peterson worked in the game against
the Indoor Yacht Club last Saturday.
The remainder of the lineup will prob
ably be Mitchell, catcher; Mitchell,
first; Messick, second; Cowan, short;
Shriver, third; with Ryan, Lilly, Rea
gon, and TCovdston in the outer gar
dens.
Stanford antl California freshmen
should give one of the best exhibi
tions of the diamond sport seen hero
this season, when they meet on the
varsity diamond, Saturday afternoon,
at 3 o'clock.
While the lineup has not been def
initely announced, there will probably
not be any marked changes made be
fore Saturday's game. Keisor will
probably be the pitcher selected, as
Peterson worked in the game against
the Indoor Yacht Club last Saturday.
The remainder of the lineup will prob
ably be Mitchell, catcher; Mitchell,
first; Messick, second; Cowan, short;
Shriver, third; with Ryan, Lilly, Rea
gon, and TCovdston in the outer gar
dens.
Stanford antl California freshmen
should give one of the best exhibi
tions of the diamond sport seen hero
this season, when they meet on the
varsity diamond, Saturday afternoon,
at 3 o'clock.
While the lineup has not been def
initely announced, there will probably
not be any marked changes made be
fore Saturday's game. Keisor will
probably be the pitcher selected, as
Peterson worked in the game against
the Indoor Yacht Club last Saturday.
The remainder of the lineup will prob
ably be Mitchell, catcher; Mitchell,
first; Messick, second; Cowan, short;
Shriver, third; with Ryan, Lilly, Rea
gon, and TCovdston in the outer gar
dens.
Stanford antl California freshmen
should give one of the best exhibi
tions of the diamond sport seen hero
this season, when they meet on the
varsity diamond, Saturday afternoon,
at 3 o'clock.
While the lineup has not been def
initely announced, there will probably
not be any marked changes made be
fore Saturday's game. Keisor will
probably be the pitcher selected, as
Peterson worked in the game against
the Indoor Yacht Club last Saturday.
The remainder of the lineup will prob
ably be Mitchell, catcher; Mitchell,
first; Messick, second; Cowan, short;
Shriver, third; with Ryan, Lilly, Rea
gon, and TCovdston in the outer gar
dens.
Stanford antl California freshmen
should give one of the best exhibi
tions of the diamond sport seen hero
this season, when they meet on the
varsity diamond, Saturday afternoon,
at 3 o'clock.
While the lineup has not been def
initely announced, there will probably
not be any marked changes made be
fore Saturday's game. Keisor will
probably be the pitcher selected, as
Peterson worked in the game against
the Indoor Yacht Club last Saturday.
The remainder of the lineup will prob
ably be Mitchell, catcher; Mitchell,
first; Messick, second; Cowan, short;
Shriver, third; with Ryan, Lilly, Rea
gon, and TCovdston in the outer gar
dens.
Stanford antl California freshmen
should give one of the best exhibi
tions of the diamond sport seen hero
this season, when they meet on the
varsity diamond, Saturday afternoon,
at 3 o'clock.
While the lineup has not been def
initely announced, there will probably
not be any marked changes made be
fore Saturday's game. Keisor will
probably be the pitcher selected, as
Peterson worked in the game against
the Indoor Yacht Club last Saturday.
The remainder of the lineup will prob
ably be Mitchell, catcher; Mitchell,
first; Messick, second; Cowan, short;
Shriver, third; with Ryan, Lilly, Rea
gon, and TCovdston in the outer gar
dens.
Stanford antl California freshmen
should give one of the best exhibi
tions of the diamond sport seen hero
this season, when they meet on the
varsity diamond, Saturday afternoon,
at 3 o'clock.
While the lineup has not been def
initely announced, there will probably
not be any marked changes made be
fore Saturday's game. Keisor will
probably be the pitcher selected, as
Peterson worked in the game against
the Indoor Yacht Club last Saturday.
The remainder of the lineup will prob
ably be Mitchell, catcher; Mitchell,
first; Messick, second; Cowan, short;
Shriver, third; with Ryan, Lilly, Rea
gon, and TCovdston in the outer gar
dens.
