# Adv. 8 Page 4
## 
### 
Dear Editor:
Why are so few people
writing letters to The
Daily? Why isn't
everyone typing his or
her opinions, on
double-spaced, 57-
character lines? Why
don't they turn them in
Sunday or Wednesday
at 5 p.m. for
publication in
Tuesday's or Friday's
Daily?
Dear Editor:
Why are so few people
writing letters to The
Daily? Why isn't
everyone typing his or
her opinions, on
double-spaced, 57-
character lines? Why
don't they turn them in
Sunday or Wednesday
at 5 p.m. for
publication in
Tuesday's or Friday's
Daily?
Dear Editor:
Why are so few people
writing letters to The
Daily? Why isn't
everyone typing his or
her opinions, on
double-spaced, 57-
character lines? Why
don't they turn them in
Sunday or Wednesday
at 5 p.m. for
publication in
Tuesday's or Friday's
Daily?
Dear Editor:
Why are so few people
writing letters to The
Daily? Why isn't
everyone typing his or
her opinions, on
double-spaced, 57-
character lines? Why
don't they turn them in
Sunday or Wednesday
at 5 p.m. for
publication in
Tuesday's or Friday's
Daily?
Dear Editor:
Why are so few people
writing letters to The
Daily? Why isn't
everyone typing his or
her opinions, on
double-spaced, 57-
character lines? Why
don't they turn them in
Sunday or Wednesday
at 5 p.m. for
publication in
Tuesday's or Friday's
Daily?
Dear Editor:
Why are so few people
writing letters to The
Daily? Why isn't
everyone typing his or
her opinions, on
double-spaced, 57-
character lines? Why
don't they turn them in
Sunday or Wednesday
at 5 p.m. for
publication in
Tuesday's or Friday's
Daily?
Dear Editor:
Why are so few people
writing letters to The
Daily? Why isn't
everyone typing his or
her opinions, on
double-spaced, 57-
character lines? Why
don't they turn them in
Sunday or Wednesday
at 5 p.m. for
publication in
Tuesday's or Friday's
Daily?
