# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Captain and Mrs. T. R. Frederick
of Los Altos announce the engage
ment of their daughter, Miss Joan
Eleanor Frederick, '52, to Wallace
Vincent Cunncn, Jr.
Captain and Mrs. T. R. Frederick
of Los Altos announce the engage
ment of their daughter, Miss Joan
Eleanor Frederick, '52, to Wallace
Vincent Cunncn, Jr.
Captain and Mrs. T. R. Frederick
of Los Altos announce the engage
ment of their daughter, Miss Joan
Eleanor Frederick, '52, to Wallace
Vincent Cunncn, Jr.
Captain and Mrs. T. R. Frederick
of Los Altos announce the engage
ment of their daughter, Miss Joan
Eleanor Frederick, '52, to Wallace
Vincent Cunncn, Jr.
Captain and Mrs. T. R. Frederick
of Los Altos announce the engage
ment of their daughter, Miss Joan
Eleanor Frederick, '52, to Wallace
Vincent Cunncn, Jr.
Captain and Mrs. T. R. Frederick
of Los Altos announce the engage
ment of their daughter, Miss Joan
Eleanor Frederick, '52, to Wallace
Vincent Cunncn, Jr.
Captain and Mrs. T. R. Frederick
of Los Altos announce the engage
ment of their daughter, Miss Joan
Eleanor Frederick, '52, to Wallace
Vincent Cunncn, Jr.
Captain and Mrs. T. R. Frederick
of Los Altos announce the engage
ment of their daughter, Miss Joan
Eleanor Frederick, '52, to Wallace
Vincent Cunncn, Jr.
Captain and Mrs. T. R. Frederick
of Los Altos announce the engage
ment of their daughter, Miss Joan
Eleanor Frederick, '52, to Wallace
Vincent Cunncn, Jr.
Captain and Mrs. T. R. Frederick
of Los Altos announce the engage
ment of their daughter, Miss Joan
Eleanor Frederick, '52, to Wallace
Vincent Cunncn, Jr.
Captain and Mrs. T. R. Frederick
of Los Altos announce the engage
ment of their daughter, Miss Joan
Eleanor Frederick, '52, to Wallace
Vincent Cunncn, Jr.
Captain and Mrs. T. R. Frederick
of Los Altos announce the engage
ment of their daughter, Miss Joan
Eleanor Frederick, '52, to Wallace
Vincent Cunncn, Jr.
Captain and Mrs. T. R. Frederick
of Los Altos announce the engage
ment of their daughter, Miss Joan
Eleanor Frederick, '52, to Wallace
Vincent Cunncn, Jr.
Captain and Mrs. T. R. Frederick
of Los Altos announce the engage
ment of their daughter, Miss Joan
Eleanor Frederick, '52, to Wallace
Vincent Cunncn, Jr.
