# Job Interviews
## 
### 
Interview schedules may be
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow:
Convair, Divsion of General Dy
namics: E.E.. M.E., A.E., thermo
dynamics, mathematics and phys
ics openings in Pomona; M.E.,
C.E., E.E., mathematics, physics
and chemical engineering open
ings in San Diego; E.E., A.E.,
M.E., chemical engineering, met
allurgical engineering, nuclear
engineering, applied mechanics,
physics and mathematics open
ings in Fort Worth, Texas.
Procter and Gamble Company:
Openings for men interested in
sales.
Propulsion Research Corpora
tion: M.E., general engineering,
physics, machine design, engi
neering dynamics, mathematics
and aerodynamics openings for
U.S. citzcns in Santa Monica.
Summer intehviews for juniors,
also.
Interview schedules may be
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow:
Convair, Divsion of General Dy
namics: E.E.. M.E., A.E., thermo
dynamics, mathematics and phys
ics openings in Pomona; M.E.,
C.E., E.E., mathematics, physics
and chemical engineering open
ings in San Diego; E.E., A.E.,
M.E., chemical engineering, met
allurgical engineering, nuclear
engineering, applied mechanics,
physics and mathematics open
ings in Fort Worth, Texas.
Procter and Gamble Company:
Openings for men interested in
sales.
Propulsion Research Corpora
tion: M.E., general engineering,
physics, machine design, engi
neering dynamics, mathematics
and aerodynamics openings for
U.S. citzcns in Santa Monica.
Summer intehviews for juniors,
also.
Interview schedules may be
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow:
Convair, Divsion of General Dy
namics: E.E.. M.E., A.E., thermo
dynamics, mathematics and phys
ics openings in Pomona; M.E.,
C.E., E.E., mathematics, physics
and chemical engineering open
ings in San Diego; E.E., A.E.,
M.E., chemical engineering, met
allurgical engineering, nuclear
engineering, applied mechanics,
physics and mathematics open
ings in Fort Worth, Texas.
Procter and Gamble Company:
Openings for men interested in
sales.
Propulsion Research Corpora
tion: M.E., general engineering,
physics, machine design, engi
neering dynamics, mathematics
and aerodynamics openings for
U.S. citzcns in Santa Monica.
Summer intehviews for juniors,
also.
Interview schedules may be
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow:
Convair, Divsion of General Dy
namics: E.E.. M.E., A.E., thermo
dynamics, mathematics and phys
ics openings in Pomona; M.E.,
C.E., E.E., mathematics, physics
and chemical engineering open
ings in San Diego; E.E., A.E.,
M.E., chemical engineering, met
allurgical engineering, nuclear
engineering, applied mechanics,
physics and mathematics open
ings in Fort Worth, Texas.
Procter and Gamble Company:
Openings for men interested in
sales.
Propulsion Research Corpora
tion: M.E., general engineering,
physics, machine design, engi
neering dynamics, mathematics
and aerodynamics openings for
U.S. citzcns in Santa Monica.
Summer intehviews for juniors,
also.
Interview schedules may be
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow:
Convair, Divsion of General Dy
namics: E.E.. M.E., A.E., thermo
dynamics, mathematics and phys
ics openings in Pomona; M.E.,
C.E., E.E., mathematics, physics
and chemical engineering open
ings in San Diego; E.E., A.E.,
M.E., chemical engineering, met
allurgical engineering, nuclear
engineering, applied mechanics,
physics and mathematics open
ings in Fort Worth, Texas.
Procter and Gamble Company:
Openings for men interested in
sales.
Propulsion Research Corpora
tion: M.E., general engineering,
physics, machine design, engi
neering dynamics, mathematics
and aerodynamics openings for
U.S. citzcns in Santa Monica.
Summer intehviews for juniors,
also.
Interview schedules may be
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow:
Convair, Divsion of General Dy
namics: E.E.. M.E., A.E., thermo
dynamics, mathematics and phys
ics openings in Pomona; M.E.,
C.E., E.E., mathematics, physics
and chemical engineering open
ings in San Diego; E.E., A.E.,
M.E., chemical engineering, met
allurgical engineering, nuclear
engineering, applied mechanics,
physics and mathematics open
ings in Fort Worth, Texas.
Procter and Gamble Company:
Openings for men interested in
sales.
Propulsion Research Corpora
tion: M.E., general engineering,
physics, machine design, engi
neering dynamics, mathematics
and aerodynamics openings for
U.S. citzcns in Santa Monica.
Summer intehviews for juniors,
also.
Interview schedules may be
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow:
Convair, Divsion of General Dy
namics: E.E.. M.E., A.E., thermo
dynamics, mathematics and phys
ics openings in Pomona; M.E.,
C.E., E.E., mathematics, physics
and chemical engineering open
ings in San Diego; E.E., A.E.,
M.E., chemical engineering, met
allurgical engineering, nuclear
engineering, applied mechanics,
physics and mathematics open
ings in Fort Worth, Texas.
Procter and Gamble Company:
Openings for men interested in
sales.
Propulsion Research Corpora
tion: M.E., general engineering,
physics, machine design, engi
neering dynamics, mathematics
and aerodynamics openings for
U.S. citzcns in Santa Monica.
Summer intehviews for juniors,
also.
Interview schedules may be
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow:
Convair, Divsion of General Dy
namics: E.E.. M.E., A.E., thermo
dynamics, mathematics and phys
ics openings in Pomona; M.E.,
C.E., E.E., mathematics, physics
and chemical engineering open
ings in San Diego; E.E., A.E.,
M.E., chemical engineering, met
allurgical engineering, nuclear
engineering, applied mechanics,
physics and mathematics open
ings in Fort Worth, Texas.
Procter and Gamble Company:
Openings for men interested in
sales.
Propulsion Research Corpora
tion: M.E., general engineering,
physics, machine design, engi
neering dynamics, mathematics
and aerodynamics openings for
U.S. citzcns in Santa Monica.
Summer intehviews for juniors,
also.
Interview schedules may be
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow:
Convair, Divsion of General Dy
namics: E.E.. M.E., A.E., thermo
dynamics, mathematics and phys
ics openings in Pomona; M.E.,
C.E., E.E., mathematics, physics
and chemical engineering open
ings in San Diego; E.E., A.E.,
M.E., chemical engineering, met
allurgical engineering, nuclear
engineering, applied mechanics,
physics and mathematics open
ings in Fort Worth, Texas.
Procter and Gamble Company:
Openings for men interested in
sales.
Propulsion Research Corpora
tion: M.E., general engineering,
physics, machine design, engi
neering dynamics, mathematics
and aerodynamics openings for
U.S. citzcns in Santa Monica.
Summer intehviews for juniors,
also.
Interview schedules may be
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow:
Convair, Divsion of General Dy
namics: E.E.. M.E., A.E., thermo
dynamics, mathematics and phys
ics openings in Pomona; M.E.,
C.E., E.E., mathematics, physics
and chemical engineering open
ings in San Diego; E.E., A.E.,
M.E., chemical engineering, met
allurgical engineering, nuclear
engineering, applied mechanics,
physics and mathematics open
ings in Fort Worth, Texas.
Procter and Gamble Company:
Openings for men interested in
sales.
Propulsion Research Corpora
tion: M.E., general engineering,
physics, machine design, engi
neering dynamics, mathematics
and aerodynamics openings for
U.S. citzcns in Santa Monica.
Summer intehviews for juniors,
also.
Interview schedules may be
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow:
Convair, Divsion of General Dy
namics: E.E.. M.E., A.E., thermo
dynamics, mathematics and phys
ics openings in Pomona; M.E.,
C.E., E.E., mathematics, physics
and chemical engineering open
ings in San Diego; E.E., A.E.,
M.E., chemical engineering, met
allurgical engineering, nuclear
engineering, applied mechanics,
physics and mathematics open
ings in Fort Worth, Texas.
Procter and Gamble Company:
Openings for men interested in
sales.
Propulsion Research Corpora
tion: M.E., general engineering,
physics, machine design, engi
neering dynamics, mathematics
and aerodynamics openings for
U.S. citzcns in Santa Monica.
Summer intehviews for juniors,
also.
Interview schedules may be
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow:
Convair, Divsion of General Dy
namics: E.E.. M.E., A.E., thermo
dynamics, mathematics and phys
ics openings in Pomona; M.E.,
C.E., E.E., mathematics, physics
and chemical engineering open
ings in San Diego; E.E., A.E.,
M.E., chemical engineering, met
allurgical engineering, nuclear
engineering, applied mechanics,
physics and mathematics open
ings in Fort Worth, Texas.
Procter and Gamble Company:
Openings for men interested in
sales.
Propulsion Research Corpora
tion: M.E., general engineering,
physics, machine design, engi
neering dynamics, mathematics
and aerodynamics openings for
U.S. citzcns in Santa Monica.
Summer intehviews for juniors,
also.
Interview schedules may be
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow:
Convair, Divsion of General Dy
namics: E.E.. M.E., A.E., thermo
dynamics, mathematics and phys
ics openings in Pomona; M.E.,
C.E., E.E., mathematics, physics
and chemical engineering open
ings in San Diego; E.E., A.E.,
M.E., chemical engineering, met
allurgical engineering, nuclear
engineering, applied mechanics,
physics and mathematics open
ings in Fort Worth, Texas.
Procter and Gamble Company:
Openings for men interested in
sales.
Propulsion Research Corpora
tion: M.E., general engineering,
physics, machine design, engi
neering dynamics, mathematics
and aerodynamics openings for
U.S. citzcns in Santa Monica.
Summer intehviews for juniors,
also.
Interview schedules may be
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow:
Convair, Divsion of General Dy
namics: E.E.. M.E., A.E., thermo
dynamics, mathematics and phys
ics openings in Pomona; M.E.,
C.E., E.E., mathematics, physics
and chemical engineering open
ings in San Diego; E.E., A.E.,
M.E., chemical engineering, met
allurgical engineering, nuclear
engineering, applied mechanics,
physics and mathematics open
ings in Fort Worth, Texas.
Procter and Gamble Company:
Openings for men interested in
sales.
Propulsion Research Corpora
tion: M.E., general engineering,
physics, machine design, engi
neering dynamics, mathematics
and aerodynamics openings for
U.S. citzcns in Santa Monica.
Summer intehviews for juniors,
also.
Interview schedules may be
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow:
Convair, Divsion of General Dy
namics: E.E.. M.E., A.E., thermo
dynamics, mathematics and phys
ics openings in Pomona; M.E.,
C.E., E.E., mathematics, physics
and chemical engineering open
ings in San Diego; E.E., A.E.,
M.E., chemical engineering, met
allurgical engineering, nuclear
engineering, applied mechanics,
physics and mathematics open
ings in Fort Worth, Texas.
Procter and Gamble Company:
Openings for men interested in
sales.
Propulsion Research Corpora
tion: M.E., general engineering,
physics, machine design, engi
neering dynamics, mathematics
and aerodynamics openings for
U.S. citzcns in Santa Monica.
Summer intehviews for juniors,
also.
Interview schedules may be
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow:
Convair, Divsion of General Dy
namics: E.E.. M.E., A.E., thermo
dynamics, mathematics and phys
ics openings in Pomona; M.E.,
C.E., E.E., mathematics, physics
and chemical engineering open
ings in San Diego; E.E., A.E.,
M.E., chemical engineering, met
allurgical engineering, nuclear
engineering, applied mechanics,
physics and mathematics open
ings in Fort Worth, Texas.
Procter and Gamble Company:
Openings for men interested in
sales.
Propulsion Research Corpora
tion: M.E., general engineering,
physics, machine design, engi
neering dynamics, mathematics
and aerodynamics openings for
U.S. citzcns in Santa Monica.
Summer intehviews for juniors,
also.
