# Girls' Rifle Teams Plan Match Using Telegraph
## 
### 
The University of Idaho girls' rifle
team has accepted challenge from the
University of Delaware team, and the
women will fire for records on Febru
ary 20-26. Under the plan of conduct
ing these matches, the teams fire on
the scores fired recently in the Mon
their own campuses and scores are
exchanged by telegraph. The total of
tana-Idaho girls' rifle team match was
471 out of a possible 500.
The University of Idaho girls' rifle
team has accepted challenge from the
University of Delaware team, and the
women will fire for records on Febru
ary 20-26. Under the plan of conduct
ing these matches, the teams fire on
the scores fired recently in the Mon
their own campuses and scores are
exchanged by telegraph. The total of
tana-Idaho girls' rifle team match was
471 out of a possible 500.
The University of Idaho girls' rifle
team has accepted challenge from the
University of Delaware team, and the
women will fire for records on Febru
ary 20-26. Under the plan of conduct
ing these matches, the teams fire on
the scores fired recently in the Mon
their own campuses and scores are
exchanged by telegraph. The total of
tana-Idaho girls' rifle team match was
471 out of a possible 500.
The University of Idaho girls' rifle
team has accepted challenge from the
University of Delaware team, and the
women will fire for records on Febru
ary 20-26. Under the plan of conduct
ing these matches, the teams fire on
the scores fired recently in the Mon
their own campuses and scores are
exchanged by telegraph. The total of
tana-Idaho girls' rifle team match was
471 out of a possible 500.
The University of Idaho girls' rifle
team has accepted challenge from the
University of Delaware team, and the
women will fire for records on Febru
ary 20-26. Under the plan of conduct
ing these matches, the teams fire on
the scores fired recently in the Mon
their own campuses and scores are
exchanged by telegraph. The total of
tana-Idaho girls' rifle team match was
471 out of a possible 500.
The University of Idaho girls' rifle
team has accepted challenge from the
University of Delaware team, and the
women will fire for records on Febru
ary 20-26. Under the plan of conduct
ing these matches, the teams fire on
the scores fired recently in the Mon
their own campuses and scores are
exchanged by telegraph. The total of
tana-Idaho girls' rifle team match was
471 out of a possible 500.
The University of Idaho girls' rifle
team has accepted challenge from the
University of Delaware team, and the
women will fire for records on Febru
ary 20-26. Under the plan of conduct
ing these matches, the teams fire on
the scores fired recently in the Mon
their own campuses and scores are
exchanged by telegraph. The total of
tana-Idaho girls' rifle team match was
471 out of a possible 500.
The University of Idaho girls' rifle
team has accepted challenge from the
University of Delaware team, and the
women will fire for records on Febru
ary 20-26. Under the plan of conduct
ing these matches, the teams fire on
the scores fired recently in the Mon
their own campuses and scores are
exchanged by telegraph. The total of
tana-Idaho girls' rifle team match was
471 out of a possible 500.
The University of Idaho girls' rifle
team has accepted challenge from the
University of Delaware team, and the
women will fire for records on Febru
ary 20-26. Under the plan of conduct
ing these matches, the teams fire on
the scores fired recently in the Mon
their own campuses and scores are
exchanged by telegraph. The total of
tana-Idaho girls' rifle team match was
471 out of a possible 500.
The University of Idaho girls' rifle
team has accepted challenge from the
University of Delaware team, and the
women will fire for records on Febru
ary 20-26. Under the plan of conduct
ing these matches, the teams fire on
the scores fired recently in the Mon
their own campuses and scores are
exchanged by telegraph. The total of
tana-Idaho girls' rifle team match was
471 out of a possible 500.
The University of Idaho girls' rifle
team has accepted challenge from the
University of Delaware team, and the
women will fire for records on Febru
ary 20-26. Under the plan of conduct
ing these matches, the teams fire on
the scores fired recently in the Mon
their own campuses and scores are
exchanged by telegraph. The total of
tana-Idaho girls' rifle team match was
471 out of a possible 500.
The University of Idaho girls' rifle
team has accepted challenge from the
University of Delaware team, and the
women will fire for records on Febru
ary 20-26. Under the plan of conduct
ing these matches, the teams fire on
the scores fired recently in the Mon
their own campuses and scores are
exchanged by telegraph. The total of
tana-Idaho girls' rifle team match was
471 out of a possible 500.
The University of Idaho girls' rifle
team has accepted challenge from the
University of Delaware team, and the
women will fire for records on Febru
ary 20-26. Under the plan of conduct
ing these matches, the teams fire on
the scores fired recently in the Mon
their own campuses and scores are
exchanged by telegraph. The total of
tana-Idaho girls' rifle team match was
471 out of a possible 500.
The University of Idaho girls' rifle
team has accepted challenge from the
University of Delaware team, and the
women will fire for records on Febru
ary 20-26. Under the plan of conduct
ing these matches, the teams fire on
the scores fired recently in the Mon
their own campuses and scores are
exchanged by telegraph. The total of
tana-Idaho girls' rifle team match was
471 out of a possible 500.
The University of Idaho girls' rifle
team has accepted challenge from the
University of Delaware team, and the
women will fire for records on Febru
ary 20-26. Under the plan of conduct
ing these matches, the teams fire on
the scores fired recently in the Mon
their own campuses and scores are
exchanged by telegraph. The total of
tana-Idaho girls' rifle team match was
471 out of a possible 500.
