# College of Pacific Plans Erection of New Buildings
## 
### 
Additional dormitories and a large li
brary are included in the building pro
gram for the coming year at the College
of the Pacific, recently announced Presi
dent Tul y C. Knolcs. Since its removal
from San Jose to Stockton three years
ago, the co lege has grown rapidly to a
plant of 13 new brick buildings repre
senting an investment of approximately
$1,500,000.
Additional dormitories and a large li
brary are included in the building pro
gram for the coming year at the College
of the Pacific, recently announced Presi
dent Tul y C. Knolcs. Since its removal
from San Jose to Stockton three years
ago, the co lege has grown rapidly to a
plant of 13 new brick buildings repre
senting an investment of approximately
$1,500,000.
Additional dormitories and a large li
brary are included in the building pro
gram for the coming year at the College
of the Pacific, recently announced Presi
dent Tul y C. Knolcs. Since its removal
from San Jose to Stockton three years
ago, the co lege has grown rapidly to a
plant of 13 new brick buildings repre
senting an investment of approximately
$1,500,000.
Additional dormitories and a large li
brary are included in the building pro
gram for the coming year at the College
of the Pacific, recently announced Presi
dent Tul y C. Knolcs. Since its removal
from San Jose to Stockton three years
ago, the co lege has grown rapidly to a
plant of 13 new brick buildings repre
senting an investment of approximately
$1,500,000.
Additional dormitories and a large li
brary are included in the building pro
gram for the coming year at the College
of the Pacific, recently announced Presi
dent Tul y C. Knolcs. Since its removal
from San Jose to Stockton three years
ago, the co lege has grown rapidly to a
plant of 13 new brick buildings repre
senting an investment of approximately
$1,500,000.
Additional dormitories and a large li
brary are included in the building pro
gram for the coming year at the College
of the Pacific, recently announced Presi
dent Tul y C. Knolcs. Since its removal
from San Jose to Stockton three years
ago, the co lege has grown rapidly to a
plant of 13 new brick buildings repre
senting an investment of approximately
$1,500,000.
Additional dormitories and a large li
brary are included in the building pro
gram for the coming year at the College
of the Pacific, recently announced Presi
dent Tul y C. Knolcs. Since its removal
from San Jose to Stockton three years
ago, the co lege has grown rapidly to a
plant of 13 new brick buildings repre
senting an investment of approximately
$1,500,000.
Additional dormitories and a large li
brary are included in the building pro
gram for the coming year at the College
of the Pacific, recently announced Presi
dent Tul y C. Knolcs. Since its removal
from San Jose to Stockton three years
ago, the co lege has grown rapidly to a
plant of 13 new brick buildings repre
senting an investment of approximately
$1,500,000.
Additional dormitories and a large li
brary are included in the building pro
gram for the coming year at the College
of the Pacific, recently announced Presi
dent Tul y C. Knolcs. Since its removal
from San Jose to Stockton three years
ago, the co lege has grown rapidly to a
plant of 13 new brick buildings repre
senting an investment of approximately
$1,500,000.
Additional dormitories and a large li
brary are included in the building pro
gram for the coming year at the College
of the Pacific, recently announced Presi
dent Tul y C. Knolcs. Since its removal
from San Jose to Stockton three years
ago, the co lege has grown rapidly to a
plant of 13 new brick buildings repre
senting an investment of approximately
$1,500,000.
Additional dormitories and a large li
brary are included in the building pro
gram for the coming year at the College
of the Pacific, recently announced Presi
dent Tul y C. Knolcs. Since its removal
from San Jose to Stockton three years
ago, the co lege has grown rapidly to a
plant of 13 new brick buildings repre
senting an investment of approximately
$1,500,000.
Additional dormitories and a large li
brary are included in the building pro
gram for the coming year at the College
of the Pacific, recently announced Presi
dent Tul y C. Knolcs. Since its removal
from San Jose to Stockton three years
ago, the co lege has grown rapidly to a
plant of 13 new brick buildings repre
senting an investment of approximately
$1,500,000.
Additional dormitories and a large li
brary are included in the building pro
gram for the coming year at the College
of the Pacific, recently announced Presi
dent Tul y C. Knolcs. Since its removal
from San Jose to Stockton three years
ago, the co lege has grown rapidly to a
plant of 13 new brick buildings repre
senting an investment of approximately
$1,500,000.
Additional dormitories and a large li
brary are included in the building pro
gram for the coming year at the College
of the Pacific, recently announced Presi
dent Tul y C. Knolcs. Since its removal
from San Jose to Stockton three years
ago, the co lege has grown rapidly to a
plant of 13 new brick buildings repre
senting an investment of approximately
$1,500,000.
Additional dormitories and a large li
brary are included in the building pro
gram for the coming year at the College
of the Pacific, recently announced Presi
dent Tul y C. Knolcs. Since its removal
from San Jose to Stockton three years
ago, the co lege has grown rapidly to a
plant of 13 new brick buildings repre
senting an investment of approximately
$1,500,000.
