# Professor Brown Speaks At College of Pacific
## 
### 
Professor Harold Chapman Brown of
the department of philosophy will speak
at the College of the Pacific on the sub
ject, "Philosophy of Science," at a lec
turc sponsored by the Philosophical Club
of that institution on Wednesday night,
January 12. The lecture will be the
lirst of a series on philosophy to be
given yearly. Last year Henry VV. Stu
art, head of the Department of Philoso
phy here, was included in the 1 i-it of
speakers.
Professor Harold Chapman Brown of
the department of philosophy will speak
at the College of the Pacific on the sub
ject, "Philosophy of Science," at a lec
turc sponsored by the Philosophical Club
of that institution on Wednesday night,
January 12. The lecture will be the
lirst of a series on philosophy to be
given yearly. Last year Henry VV. Stu
art, head of the Department of Philoso
phy here, was included in the 1 i-it of
speakers.
Professor Harold Chapman Brown of
the department of philosophy will speak
at the College of the Pacific on the sub
ject, "Philosophy of Science," at a lec
turc sponsored by the Philosophical Club
of that institution on Wednesday night,
January 12. The lecture will be the
lirst of a series on philosophy to be
given yearly. Last year Henry VV. Stu
art, head of the Department of Philoso
phy here, was included in the 1 i-it of
speakers.
Professor Harold Chapman Brown of
the department of philosophy will speak
at the College of the Pacific on the sub
ject, "Philosophy of Science," at a lec
turc sponsored by the Philosophical Club
of that institution on Wednesday night,
January 12. The lecture will be the
lirst of a series on philosophy to be
given yearly. Last year Henry VV. Stu
art, head of the Department of Philoso
phy here, was included in the 1 i-it of
speakers.
Professor Harold Chapman Brown of
the department of philosophy will speak
at the College of the Pacific on the sub
ject, "Philosophy of Science," at a lec
turc sponsored by the Philosophical Club
of that institution on Wednesday night,
January 12. The lecture will be the
lirst of a series on philosophy to be
given yearly. Last year Henry VV. Stu
art, head of the Department of Philoso
phy here, was included in the 1 i-it of
speakers.
Professor Harold Chapman Brown of
the department of philosophy will speak
at the College of the Pacific on the sub
ject, "Philosophy of Science," at a lec
turc sponsored by the Philosophical Club
of that institution on Wednesday night,
January 12. The lecture will be the
lirst of a series on philosophy to be
given yearly. Last year Henry VV. Stu
art, head of the Department of Philoso
phy here, was included in the 1 i-it of
speakers.
Professor Harold Chapman Brown of
the department of philosophy will speak
at the College of the Pacific on the sub
ject, "Philosophy of Science," at a lec
turc sponsored by the Philosophical Club
of that institution on Wednesday night,
January 12. The lecture will be the
lirst of a series on philosophy to be
given yearly. Last year Henry VV. Stu
art, head of the Department of Philoso
phy here, was included in the 1 i-it of
speakers.
Professor Harold Chapman Brown of
the department of philosophy will speak
at the College of the Pacific on the sub
ject, "Philosophy of Science," at a lec
turc sponsored by the Philosophical Club
of that institution on Wednesday night,
January 12. The lecture will be the
lirst of a series on philosophy to be
given yearly. Last year Henry VV. Stu
art, head of the Department of Philoso
phy here, was included in the 1 i-it of
speakers.
Professor Harold Chapman Brown of
the department of philosophy will speak
at the College of the Pacific on the sub
ject, "Philosophy of Science," at a lec
turc sponsored by the Philosophical Club
of that institution on Wednesday night,
January 12. The lecture will be the
lirst of a series on philosophy to be
given yearly. Last year Henry VV. Stu
art, head of the Department of Philoso
phy here, was included in the 1 i-it of
speakers.
Professor Harold Chapman Brown of
the department of philosophy will speak
at the College of the Pacific on the sub
ject, "Philosophy of Science," at a lec
turc sponsored by the Philosophical Club
of that institution on Wednesday night,
January 12. The lecture will be the
lirst of a series on philosophy to be
given yearly. Last year Henry VV. Stu
art, head of the Department of Philoso
phy here, was included in the 1 i-it of
speakers.
Professor Harold Chapman Brown of
the department of philosophy will speak
at the College of the Pacific on the sub
ject, "Philosophy of Science," at a lec
turc sponsored by the Philosophical Club
of that institution on Wednesday night,
January 12. The lecture will be the
lirst of a series on philosophy to be
given yearly. Last year Henry VV. Stu
art, head of the Department of Philoso
phy here, was included in the 1 i-it of
speakers.
Professor Harold Chapman Brown of
the department of philosophy will speak
at the College of the Pacific on the sub
ject, "Philosophy of Science," at a lec
turc sponsored by the Philosophical Club
of that institution on Wednesday night,
January 12. The lecture will be the
lirst of a series on philosophy to be
given yearly. Last year Henry VV. Stu
art, head of the Department of Philoso
phy here, was included in the 1 i-it of
speakers.
Professor Harold Chapman Brown of
the department of philosophy will speak
at the College of the Pacific on the sub
ject, "Philosophy of Science," at a lec
turc sponsored by the Philosophical Club
of that institution on Wednesday night,
January 12. The lecture will be the
lirst of a series on philosophy to be
given yearly. Last year Henry VV. Stu
art, head of the Department of Philoso
phy here, was included in the 1 i-it of
speakers.
Professor Harold Chapman Brown of
the department of philosophy will speak
at the College of the Pacific on the sub
ject, "Philosophy of Science," at a lec
turc sponsored by the Philosophical Club
of that institution on Wednesday night,
January 12. The lecture will be the
lirst of a series on philosophy to be
given yearly. Last year Henry VV. Stu
art, head of the Department of Philoso
phy here, was included in the 1 i-it of
speakers.
Professor Harold Chapman Brown of
the department of philosophy will speak
at the College of the Pacific on the sub
ject, "Philosophy of Science," at a lec
turc sponsored by the Philosophical Club
of that institution on Wednesday night,
January 12. The lecture will be the
lirst of a series on philosophy to be
given yearly. Last year Henry VV. Stu
art, head of the Department of Philoso
phy here, was included in the 1 i-it of
speakers.
