# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Ventura Hall announces the en
gagement of Patricia Keene, '58,
to William Kneedler, '56.
Ventura Hall announces the en
gagement of Patricia Keene, '58,
to William Kneedler, '56.
Ventura Hall announces the en
gagement of Patricia Keene, '58,
to William Kneedler, '56.
Ventura Hall announces the en
gagement of Patricia Keene, '58,
to William Kneedler, '56.
Ventura Hall announces the en
gagement of Patricia Keene, '58,
to William Kneedler, '56.
Ventura Hall announces the en
gagement of Patricia Keene, '58,
to William Kneedler, '56.
Ventura Hall announces the en
gagement of Patricia Keene, '58,
to William Kneedler, '56.
Ventura Hall announces the en
gagement of Patricia Keene, '58,
to William Kneedler, '56.
Ventura Hall announces the en
gagement of Patricia Keene, '58,
to William Kneedler, '56.
Ventura Hall announces the en
gagement of Patricia Keene, '58,
to William Kneedler, '56.
Ventura Hall announces the en
gagement of Patricia Keene, '58,
to William Kneedler, '56.
Ventura Hall announces the en
gagement of Patricia Keene, '58,
to William Kneedler, '56.
Ventura Hall announces the en
gagement of Patricia Keene, '58,
to William Kneedler, '56.
Ventura Hall announces the en
gagement of Patricia Keene, '58,
to William Kneedler, '56.
Ventura Hall announces the en
gagement of Patricia Keene, '58,
to William Kneedler, '56.
