# Self-government Satisfactory at U.C.
## 
### 
President Benjamin Ide Wheeler of
University of California, has ex
pressed his entire satisfaction with
student self-government at that
school, in his annual report to the
Board of Regents.
President Benjamin Ide Wheeler of
University of California, has ex
pressed his entire satisfaction with
student self-government at that
school, in his annual report to the
Board of Regents.
President Benjamin Ide Wheeler of
University of California, has ex
pressed his entire satisfaction with
student self-government at that
school, in his annual report to the
Board of Regents.
President Benjamin Ide Wheeler of
University of California, has ex
pressed his entire satisfaction with
student self-government at that
school, in his annual report to the
Board of Regents.
President Benjamin Ide Wheeler of
University of California, has ex
pressed his entire satisfaction with
student self-government at that
school, in his annual report to the
Board of Regents.
President Benjamin Ide Wheeler of
University of California, has ex
pressed his entire satisfaction with
student self-government at that
school, in his annual report to the
Board of Regents.
President Benjamin Ide Wheeler of
University of California, has ex
pressed his entire satisfaction with
student self-government at that
school, in his annual report to the
Board of Regents.
President Benjamin Ide Wheeler of
University of California, has ex
pressed his entire satisfaction with
student self-government at that
school, in his annual report to the
Board of Regents.
President Benjamin Ide Wheeler of
University of California, has ex
pressed his entire satisfaction with
student self-government at that
school, in his annual report to the
Board of Regents.
President Benjamin Ide Wheeler of
University of California, has ex
pressed his entire satisfaction with
student self-government at that
school, in his annual report to the
Board of Regents.
President Benjamin Ide Wheeler of
University of California, has ex
pressed his entire satisfaction with
student self-government at that
school, in his annual report to the
Board of Regents.
President Benjamin Ide Wheeler of
University of California, has ex
pressed his entire satisfaction with
student self-government at that
school, in his annual report to the
Board of Regents.
President Benjamin Ide Wheeler of
University of California, has ex
pressed his entire satisfaction with
student self-government at that
school, in his annual report to the
Board of Regents.
President Benjamin Ide Wheeler of
University of California, has ex
pressed his entire satisfaction with
student self-government at that
school, in his annual report to the
Board of Regents.
