# For the record
## 
### 
An article in yesterday's
Intermission section incor
rectly stated the times for
artist Anne Larlarb's "Works
from Thailand Exhibition."
The exhibition will be held
all day today and tomorrow
in the basement of the Cum
mings Art Building.
An article in yesterday's
Intermission section incor
rectly stated the times for
artist Anne Larlarb's "Works
from Thailand Exhibition."
The exhibition will be held
all day today and tomorrow
in the basement of the Cum
mings Art Building.
An article in yesterday's
Intermission section incor
rectly stated the times for
artist Anne Larlarb's "Works
from Thailand Exhibition."
The exhibition will be held
all day today and tomorrow
in the basement of the Cum
mings Art Building.
An article in yesterday's
Intermission section incor
rectly stated the times for
artist Anne Larlarb's "Works
from Thailand Exhibition."
The exhibition will be held
all day today and tomorrow
in the basement of the Cum
mings Art Building.
An article in yesterday's
Intermission section incor
rectly stated the times for
artist Anne Larlarb's "Works
from Thailand Exhibition."
The exhibition will be held
all day today and tomorrow
in the basement of the Cum
mings Art Building.
An article in yesterday's
Intermission section incor
rectly stated the times for
artist Anne Larlarb's "Works
from Thailand Exhibition."
The exhibition will be held
all day today and tomorrow
in the basement of the Cum
mings Art Building.
