# JUNIOR JOTTINGS
## 
### 
The second Issue of Junior Jot
tings, the Class of '54 paper, is be
ing distributed today in the living
groups. It deals mainly with the
open Excom meeting.
The second Issue of Junior Jot
tings, the Class of '54 paper, is be
ing distributed today in the living
groups. It deals mainly with the
open Excom meeting.
The second Issue of Junior Jot
tings, the Class of '54 paper, is be
ing distributed today in the living
groups. It deals mainly with the
open Excom meeting.
The second Issue of Junior Jot
tings, the Class of '54 paper, is be
ing distributed today in the living
groups. It deals mainly with the
open Excom meeting.
The second Issue of Junior Jot
tings, the Class of '54 paper, is be
ing distributed today in the living
groups. It deals mainly with the
open Excom meeting.
The second Issue of Junior Jot
tings, the Class of '54 paper, is be
ing distributed today in the living
groups. It deals mainly with the
open Excom meeting.
The second Issue of Junior Jot
tings, the Class of '54 paper, is be
ing distributed today in the living
groups. It deals mainly with the
open Excom meeting.
The second Issue of Junior Jot
tings, the Class of '54 paper, is be
ing distributed today in the living
groups. It deals mainly with the
open Excom meeting.
The second Issue of Junior Jot
tings, the Class of '54 paper, is be
ing distributed today in the living
groups. It deals mainly with the
open Excom meeting.
The second Issue of Junior Jot
tings, the Class of '54 paper, is be
ing distributed today in the living
groups. It deals mainly with the
open Excom meeting.
The second Issue of Junior Jot
tings, the Class of '54 paper, is be
ing distributed today in the living
groups. It deals mainly with the
open Excom meeting.
The second Issue of Junior Jot
tings, the Class of '54 paper, is be
ing distributed today in the living
groups. It deals mainly with the
open Excom meeting.
The second Issue of Junior Jot
tings, the Class of '54 paper, is be
ing distributed today in the living
groups. It deals mainly with the
open Excom meeting.
The second Issue of Junior Jot
tings, the Class of '54 paper, is be
ing distributed today in the living
groups. It deals mainly with the
open Excom meeting.
The second Issue of Junior Jot
tings, the Class of '54 paper, is be
ing distributed today in the living
groups. It deals mainly with the
open Excom meeting.
