# Vaccination Forms Are Due by Feb. 2
## 
### 
Vaccination certificates for all
new students are due at the Reg
istrar's Office on Monday, Feb. 2,
at 4:30 p.m. Failure to file cer
tificates by that time will result
in a $2 fine, according to Mrs.
Constance T. Hart of the creden
tials office.
Vaccination certificates for all
new students are due at the Reg
istrar's Office on Monday, Feb. 2,
at 4:30 p.m. Failure to file cer
tificates by that time will result
in a $2 fine, according to Mrs.
Constance T. Hart of the creden
tials office.
Vaccination certificates for all
new students are due at the Reg
istrar's Office on Monday, Feb. 2,
at 4:30 p.m. Failure to file cer
tificates by that time will result
in a $2 fine, according to Mrs.
Constance T. Hart of the creden
tials office.
Vaccination certificates for all
new students are due at the Reg
istrar's Office on Monday, Feb. 2,
at 4:30 p.m. Failure to file cer
tificates by that time will result
in a $2 fine, according to Mrs.
Constance T. Hart of the creden
tials office.
Vaccination certificates for all
new students are due at the Reg
istrar's Office on Monday, Feb. 2,
at 4:30 p.m. Failure to file cer
tificates by that time will result
in a $2 fine, according to Mrs.
Constance T. Hart of the creden
tials office.
Vaccination certificates for all
new students are due at the Reg
istrar's Office on Monday, Feb. 2,
at 4:30 p.m. Failure to file cer
tificates by that time will result
in a $2 fine, according to Mrs.
Constance T. Hart of the creden
tials office.
Vaccination certificates for all
new students are due at the Reg
istrar's Office on Monday, Feb. 2,
at 4:30 p.m. Failure to file cer
tificates by that time will result
in a $2 fine, according to Mrs.
Constance T. Hart of the creden
tials office.
Vaccination certificates for all
new students are due at the Reg
istrar's Office on Monday, Feb. 2,
at 4:30 p.m. Failure to file cer
tificates by that time will result
in a $2 fine, according to Mrs.
Constance T. Hart of the creden
tials office.
Vaccination certificates for all
new students are due at the Reg
istrar's Office on Monday, Feb. 2,
at 4:30 p.m. Failure to file cer
tificates by that time will result
in a $2 fine, according to Mrs.
Constance T. Hart of the creden
tials office.
Vaccination certificates for all
new students are due at the Reg
istrar's Office on Monday, Feb. 2,
at 4:30 p.m. Failure to file cer
tificates by that time will result
in a $2 fine, according to Mrs.
Constance T. Hart of the creden
tials office.
Vaccination certificates for all
new students are due at the Reg
istrar's Office on Monday, Feb. 2,
at 4:30 p.m. Failure to file cer
tificates by that time will result
in a $2 fine, according to Mrs.
Constance T. Hart of the creden
tials office.
Vaccination certificates for all
new students are due at the Reg
istrar's Office on Monday, Feb. 2,
at 4:30 p.m. Failure to file cer
tificates by that time will result
in a $2 fine, according to Mrs.
Constance T. Hart of the creden
tials office.
Vaccination certificates for all
new students are due at the Reg
istrar's Office on Monday, Feb. 2,
at 4:30 p.m. Failure to file cer
tificates by that time will result
in a $2 fine, according to Mrs.
Constance T. Hart of the creden
tials office.
Vaccination certificates for all
new students are due at the Reg
istrar's Office on Monday, Feb. 2,
at 4:30 p.m. Failure to file cer
tificates by that time will result
in a $2 fine, according to Mrs.
Constance T. Hart of the creden
tials office.
Vaccination certificates for all
new students are due at the Reg
istrar's Office on Monday, Feb. 2,
at 4:30 p.m. Failure to file cer
tificates by that time will result
in a $2 fine, according to Mrs.
Constance T. Hart of the creden
tials office.
