# "PLAY DRESS" FEATURED
## 
### 
The "play dress," has bccome the
successor to the beach pa jama. Com
fort demands the attractive "sloppy"
lines, which become very attractive
when worn properly, accented by a
floppy beach hat. Heavy materials,
linen especially, or pique, are best
for the costume, and black is most
attractive.
Stainless steel cigarette cases are
much in use for a cruise or the sea
shore.
The "play dress," has bccome the
successor to the beach pa jama. Com
fort demands the attractive "sloppy"
lines, which become very attractive
when worn properly, accented by a
floppy beach hat. Heavy materials,
linen especially, or pique, are best
for the costume, and black is most
attractive.
Stainless steel cigarette cases are
much in use for a cruise or the sea
shore.
The "play dress," has bccome the
successor to the beach pa jama. Com
fort demands the attractive "sloppy"
lines, which become very attractive
when worn properly, accented by a
floppy beach hat. Heavy materials,
linen especially, or pique, are best
for the costume, and black is most
attractive.
Stainless steel cigarette cases are
much in use for a cruise or the sea
shore.
The "play dress," has bccome the
successor to the beach pa jama. Com
fort demands the attractive "sloppy"
lines, which become very attractive
when worn properly, accented by a
floppy beach hat. Heavy materials,
linen especially, or pique, are best
for the costume, and black is most
attractive.
Stainless steel cigarette cases are
much in use for a cruise or the sea
shore.
The "play dress," has bccome the
successor to the beach pa jama. Com
fort demands the attractive "sloppy"
lines, which become very attractive
when worn properly, accented by a
floppy beach hat. Heavy materials,
linen especially, or pique, are best
for the costume, and black is most
attractive.
Stainless steel cigarette cases are
much in use for a cruise or the sea
shore.
The "play dress," has bccome the
successor to the beach pa jama. Com
fort demands the attractive "sloppy"
lines, which become very attractive
when worn properly, accented by a
floppy beach hat. Heavy materials,
linen especially, or pique, are best
for the costume, and black is most
attractive.
Stainless steel cigarette cases are
much in use for a cruise or the sea
shore.
The "play dress," has bccome the
successor to the beach pa jama. Com
fort demands the attractive "sloppy"
lines, which become very attractive
when worn properly, accented by a
floppy beach hat. Heavy materials,
linen especially, or pique, are best
for the costume, and black is most
attractive.
Stainless steel cigarette cases are
much in use for a cruise or the sea
shore.
The "play dress," has bccome the
successor to the beach pa jama. Com
fort demands the attractive "sloppy"
lines, which become very attractive
when worn properly, accented by a
floppy beach hat. Heavy materials,
linen especially, or pique, are best
for the costume, and black is most
attractive.
Stainless steel cigarette cases are
much in use for a cruise or the sea
shore.
The "play dress," has bccome the
successor to the beach pa jama. Com
fort demands the attractive "sloppy"
lines, which become very attractive
when worn properly, accented by a
floppy beach hat. Heavy materials,
linen especially, or pique, are best
for the costume, and black is most
attractive.
Stainless steel cigarette cases are
much in use for a cruise or the sea
shore.
The "play dress," has bccome the
successor to the beach pa jama. Com
fort demands the attractive "sloppy"
lines, which become very attractive
when worn properly, accented by a
floppy beach hat. Heavy materials,
linen especially, or pique, are best
for the costume, and black is most
attractive.
Stainless steel cigarette cases are
much in use for a cruise or the sea
shore.
The "play dress," has bccome the
successor to the beach pa jama. Com
fort demands the attractive "sloppy"
lines, which become very attractive
when worn properly, accented by a
floppy beach hat. Heavy materials,
linen especially, or pique, are best
for the costume, and black is most
attractive.
Stainless steel cigarette cases are
much in use for a cruise or the sea
shore.
The "play dress," has bccome the
successor to the beach pa jama. Com
fort demands the attractive "sloppy"
lines, which become very attractive
when worn properly, accented by a
floppy beach hat. Heavy materials,
linen especially, or pique, are best
for the costume, and black is most
attractive.
Stainless steel cigarette cases are
much in use for a cruise or the sea
shore.
The "play dress," has bccome the
successor to the beach pa jama. Com
fort demands the attractive "sloppy"
lines, which become very attractive
when worn properly, accented by a
floppy beach hat. Heavy materials,
linen especially, or pique, are best
for the costume, and black is most
attractive.
Stainless steel cigarette cases are
much in use for a cruise or the sea
shore.
The "play dress," has bccome the
successor to the beach pa jama. Com
fort demands the attractive "sloppy"
lines, which become very attractive
when worn properly, accented by a
floppy beach hat. Heavy materials,
linen especially, or pique, are best
for the costume, and black is most
attractive.
Stainless steel cigarette cases are
much in use for a cruise or the sea
shore.
