# SPRING STYLES BY WESTERN DESIGNERS
## 
### 
Sumo of the frocks which were worn at the recent series of style shows in San Francisco sponsored by
Pacific Coast manufacturers and wholesalers include a melon red satin lace evening gown, applujued net,
colorful sports suits of roman stripe boucle skirt with a tic to match and white vestee. House pajamas of
yellow linen with brass buttons were shown, and the popular gold and brown straw fabric Mitzi sailor.

Sumo of the frocks which were worn at the recent series of style shows in San Francisco sponsored by
Pacific Coast manufacturers and wholesalers include a melon red satin lace evening gown, applujued net,
colorful sports suits of roman stripe boucle skirt with a tic to match and white vestee. House pajamas of
yellow linen with brass buttons were shown, and the popular gold and brown straw fabric Mitzi sailor.

Sumo of the frocks which were worn at the recent series of style shows in San Francisco sponsored by
Pacific Coast manufacturers and wholesalers include a melon red satin lace evening gown, applujued net,
colorful sports suits of roman stripe boucle skirt with a tic to match and white vestee. House pajamas of
yellow linen with brass buttons were shown, and the popular gold and brown straw fabric Mitzi sailor.

Sumo of the frocks which were worn at the recent series of style shows in San Francisco sponsored by
Pacific Coast manufacturers and wholesalers include a melon red satin lace evening gown, applujued net,
colorful sports suits of roman stripe boucle skirt with a tic to match and white vestee. House pajamas of
yellow linen with brass buttons were shown, and the popular gold and brown straw fabric Mitzi sailor.

Sumo of the frocks which were worn at the recent series of style shows in San Francisco sponsored by
Pacific Coast manufacturers and wholesalers include a melon red satin lace evening gown, applujued net,
colorful sports suits of roman stripe boucle skirt with a tic to match and white vestee. House pajamas of
yellow linen with brass buttons were shown, and the popular gold and brown straw fabric Mitzi sailor.

Sumo of the frocks which were worn at the recent series of style shows in San Francisco sponsored by
Pacific Coast manufacturers and wholesalers include a melon red satin lace evening gown, applujued net,
colorful sports suits of roman stripe boucle skirt with a tic to match and white vestee. House pajamas of
yellow linen with brass buttons were shown, and the popular gold and brown straw fabric Mitzi sailor.

Sumo of the frocks which were worn at the recent series of style shows in San Francisco sponsored by
Pacific Coast manufacturers and wholesalers include a melon red satin lace evening gown, applujued net,
colorful sports suits of roman stripe boucle skirt with a tic to match and white vestee. House pajamas of
yellow linen with brass buttons were shown, and the popular gold and brown straw fabric Mitzi sailor.

Sumo of the frocks which were worn at the recent series of style shows in San Francisco sponsored by
Pacific Coast manufacturers and wholesalers include a melon red satin lace evening gown, applujued net,
colorful sports suits of roman stripe boucle skirt with a tic to match and white vestee. House pajamas of
yellow linen with brass buttons were shown, and the popular gold and brown straw fabric Mitzi sailor.

Sumo of the frocks which were worn at the recent series of style shows in San Francisco sponsored by
Pacific Coast manufacturers and wholesalers include a melon red satin lace evening gown, applujued net,
colorful sports suits of roman stripe boucle skirt with a tic to match and white vestee. House pajamas of
yellow linen with brass buttons were shown, and the popular gold and brown straw fabric Mitzi sailor.

Sumo of the frocks which were worn at the recent series of style shows in San Francisco sponsored by
Pacific Coast manufacturers and wholesalers include a melon red satin lace evening gown, applujued net,
colorful sports suits of roman stripe boucle skirt with a tic to match and white vestee. House pajamas of
yellow linen with brass buttons were shown, and the popular gold and brown straw fabric Mitzi sailor.

Sumo of the frocks which were worn at the recent series of style shows in San Francisco sponsored by
Pacific Coast manufacturers and wholesalers include a melon red satin lace evening gown, applujued net,
colorful sports suits of roman stripe boucle skirt with a tic to match and white vestee. House pajamas of
yellow linen with brass buttons were shown, and the popular gold and brown straw fabric Mitzi sailor.

Sumo of the frocks which were worn at the recent series of style shows in San Francisco sponsored by
Pacific Coast manufacturers and wholesalers include a melon red satin lace evening gown, applujued net,
colorful sports suits of roman stripe boucle skirt with a tic to match and white vestee. House pajamas of
yellow linen with brass buttons were shown, and the popular gold and brown straw fabric Mitzi sailor.

Sumo of the frocks which were worn at the recent series of style shows in San Francisco sponsored by
Pacific Coast manufacturers and wholesalers include a melon red satin lace evening gown, applujued net,
colorful sports suits of roman stripe boucle skirt with a tic to match and white vestee. House pajamas of
yellow linen with brass buttons were shown, and the popular gold and brown straw fabric Mitzi sailor.

Sumo of the frocks which were worn at the recent series of style shows in San Francisco sponsored by
Pacific Coast manufacturers and wholesalers include a melon red satin lace evening gown, applujued net,
colorful sports suits of roman stripe boucle skirt with a tic to match and white vestee. House pajamas of
yellow linen with brass buttons were shown, and the popular gold and brown straw fabric Mitzi sailor.

