# HIGH SCHOOL SENIORS TO GIVE CLASS PLAY
## 
### 
The senior class of Palo Alto Union
High School is preparing to give their
annual play on June 4. The play chosen
is "The Man From Home," written hy
Booth Tarkington and Harry Leon Wil
son- It is a four-act comedy that has
met with great success many times be
fore and is especially well adapted for
high school use. Les Seib is caching
the production for the students.
The senior class of Palo Alto Union
High School is preparing to give their
annual play on June 4. The play chosen
is "The Man From Home," written hy
Booth Tarkington and Harry Leon Wil
son- It is a four-act comedy that has
met with great success many times be
fore and is especially well adapted for
high school use. Les Seib is caching
the production for the students.
The senior class of Palo Alto Union
High School is preparing to give their
annual play on June 4. The play chosen
is "The Man From Home," written hy
Booth Tarkington and Harry Leon Wil
son- It is a four-act comedy that has
met with great success many times be
fore and is especially well adapted for
high school use. Les Seib is caching
the production for the students.
The senior class of Palo Alto Union
High School is preparing to give their
annual play on June 4. The play chosen
is "The Man From Home," written hy
Booth Tarkington and Harry Leon Wil
son- It is a four-act comedy that has
met with great success many times be
fore and is especially well adapted for
high school use. Les Seib is caching
the production for the students.
The senior class of Palo Alto Union
High School is preparing to give their
annual play on June 4. The play chosen
is "The Man From Home," written hy
Booth Tarkington and Harry Leon Wil
son- It is a four-act comedy that has
met with great success many times be
fore and is especially well adapted for
high school use. Les Seib is caching
the production for the students.
The senior class of Palo Alto Union
High School is preparing to give their
annual play on June 4. The play chosen
is "The Man From Home," written hy
Booth Tarkington and Harry Leon Wil
son- It is a four-act comedy that has
met with great success many times be
fore and is especially well adapted for
high school use. Les Seib is caching
the production for the students.
The senior class of Palo Alto Union
High School is preparing to give their
annual play on June 4. The play chosen
is "The Man From Home," written hy
Booth Tarkington and Harry Leon Wil
son- It is a four-act comedy that has
met with great success many times be
fore and is especially well adapted for
high school use. Les Seib is caching
the production for the students.
The senior class of Palo Alto Union
High School is preparing to give their
annual play on June 4. The play chosen
is "The Man From Home," written hy
Booth Tarkington and Harry Leon Wil
son- It is a four-act comedy that has
met with great success many times be
fore and is especially well adapted for
high school use. Les Seib is caching
the production for the students.
The senior class of Palo Alto Union
High School is preparing to give their
annual play on June 4. The play chosen
is "The Man From Home," written hy
Booth Tarkington and Harry Leon Wil
son- It is a four-act comedy that has
met with great success many times be
fore and is especially well adapted for
high school use. Les Seib is caching
the production for the students.
The senior class of Palo Alto Union
High School is preparing to give their
annual play on June 4. The play chosen
is "The Man From Home," written hy
Booth Tarkington and Harry Leon Wil
son- It is a four-act comedy that has
met with great success many times be
fore and is especially well adapted for
high school use. Les Seib is caching
the production for the students.
The senior class of Palo Alto Union
High School is preparing to give their
annual play on June 4. The play chosen
is "The Man From Home," written hy
Booth Tarkington and Harry Leon Wil
son- It is a four-act comedy that has
met with great success many times be
fore and is especially well adapted for
high school use. Les Seib is caching
the production for the students.
The senior class of Palo Alto Union
High School is preparing to give their
annual play on June 4. The play chosen
is "The Man From Home," written hy
Booth Tarkington and Harry Leon Wil
son- It is a four-act comedy that has
met with great success many times be
fore and is especially well adapted for
high school use. Les Seib is caching
the production for the students.
The senior class of Palo Alto Union
High School is preparing to give their
annual play on June 4. The play chosen
is "The Man From Home," written hy
Booth Tarkington and Harry Leon Wil
son- It is a four-act comedy that has
met with great success many times be
fore and is especially well adapted for
high school use. Les Seib is caching
the production for the students.
