# CONVENTION OF SOCIAL AGENCIES MEETS MAY 4-7
## Dr. Wilbur Will Preside at Sessions Assisted by Dr. Reinhardt 
### 
Presided! Kay Lyman Wilbur will
preside over the twelfth annual conven
tion of the California State •Conference
of Social Agencies which will meet at
Riverside, May 4-7. The 1920 meeting
will be of peculiar interest to Stanford,
as a number of Stanford people who are
permanently conrtected with the organ
ization will take active part in the com
ing convention.
Acting with President Wilbur, who
will preside at the sessions of the con
ference. will be Dr. Aurelia Henry Rein
hardt, president of Mills College, who
is preparing the program for conference
discussion. The program this year will
deal with community social problems
under six headings which, with the
chairman of each sections, are as fol
lows :
Education—Dr. Emory llogardus, of
the University of Southern California.
Public Health—"Dr. Wilfred Kellogg,
recentlv secretary to the State Hoard of
I fealth.
Industrial Relations Dr. Edward
Krehbeil, who this winter resigned as
professor of Historv at Stanford to act
as director of welfare work at the YVein
stoek-Lubin Co,, in Sacramento.
Delinquency and Corrections — I )r.
Harold Williams, psychologist of the
Whitticr State Normal School, Vho will
give three courses in the school of Edu
cation in the summer quarter of the Uni
versity this year.
Community Organization Mrs. Frank
Gibson.
Presided! Kay Lyman Wilbur will
preside over the twelfth annual conven
tion of the California State •Conference
of Social Agencies which will meet at
Riverside, May 4-7. The 1920 meeting
will be of peculiar interest to Stanford,
as a number of Stanford people who are
permanently conrtected with the organ
ization will take active part in the com
ing convention.
Acting with President Wilbur, who
will preside at the sessions of the con
ference. will be Dr. Aurelia Henry Rein
hardt, president of Mills College, who
is preparing the program for conference
discussion. The program this year will
deal with community social problems
under six headings which, with the
chairman of each sections, are as fol
lows :
Education—Dr. Emory llogardus, of
the University of Southern California.
Public Health—"Dr. Wilfred Kellogg,
recentlv secretary to the State Hoard of
I fealth.
Industrial Relations Dr. Edward
Krehbeil, who this winter resigned as
professor of Historv at Stanford to act
as director of welfare work at the YVein
stoek-Lubin Co,, in Sacramento.
Delinquency and Corrections — I )r.
Harold Williams, psychologist of the
Whitticr State Normal School, Vho will
give three courses in the school of Edu
cation in the summer quarter of the Uni
versity this year.
Community Organization Mrs. Frank
Gibson.
Presided! Kay Lyman Wilbur will
preside over the twelfth annual conven
tion of the California State •Conference
of Social Agencies which will meet at
Riverside, May 4-7. The 1920 meeting
will be of peculiar interest to Stanford,
as a number of Stanford people who are
permanently conrtected with the organ
ization will take active part in the com
ing convention.
Acting with President Wilbur, who
will preside at the sessions of the con
ference. will be Dr. Aurelia Henry Rein
hardt, president of Mills College, who
is preparing the program for conference
discussion. The program this year will
deal with community social problems
under six headings which, with the
chairman of each sections, are as fol
lows :
Education—Dr. Emory llogardus, of
the University of Southern California.
Public Health—"Dr. Wilfred Kellogg,
recentlv secretary to the State Hoard of
I fealth.
Industrial Relations Dr. Edward
Krehbeil, who this winter resigned as
professor of Historv at Stanford to act
as director of welfare work at the YVein
stoek-Lubin Co,, in Sacramento.
Delinquency and Corrections — I )r.
Harold Williams, psychologist of the
Whitticr State Normal School, Vho will
give three courses in the school of Edu
cation in the summer quarter of the Uni
versity this year.
Community Organization Mrs. Frank
Gibson.
Presided! Kay Lyman Wilbur will
preside over the twelfth annual conven
tion of the California State •Conference
of Social Agencies which will meet at
Riverside, May 4-7. The 1920 meeting
will be of peculiar interest to Stanford,
as a number of Stanford people who are
permanently conrtected with the organ
ization will take active part in the com
ing convention.
Acting with President Wilbur, who
will preside at the sessions of the con
ference. will be Dr. Aurelia Henry Rein
hardt, president of Mills College, who
is preparing the program for conference
discussion. The program this year will
deal with community social problems
under six headings which, with the
chairman of each sections, are as fol
lows :
Education—Dr. Emory llogardus, of
the University of Southern California.
Public Health—"Dr. Wilfred Kellogg,
recentlv secretary to the State Hoard of
I fealth.
Industrial Relations Dr. Edward
Krehbeil, who this winter resigned as
professor of Historv at Stanford to act
as director of welfare work at the YVein
stoek-Lubin Co,, in Sacramento.
Delinquency and Corrections — I )r.
Harold Williams, psychologist of the
Whitticr State Normal School, Vho will
give three courses in the school of Edu
cation in the summer quarter of the Uni
versity this year.
Community Organization Mrs. Frank
Gibson.
Presided! Kay Lyman Wilbur will
preside over the twelfth annual conven
tion of the California State •Conference
of Social Agencies which will meet at
Riverside, May 4-7. The 1920 meeting
will be of peculiar interest to Stanford,
as a number of Stanford people who are
permanently conrtected with the organ
ization will take active part in the com
ing convention.
Acting with President Wilbur, who
will preside at the sessions of the con
ference. will be Dr. Aurelia Henry Rein
hardt, president of Mills College, who
is preparing the program for conference
discussion. The program this year will
deal with community social problems
under six headings which, with the
chairman of each sections, are as fol
lows :
Education—Dr. Emory llogardus, of
the University of Southern California.
Public Health—"Dr. Wilfred Kellogg,
recentlv secretary to the State Hoard of
I fealth.
Industrial Relations Dr. Edward
Krehbeil, who this winter resigned as
professor of Historv at Stanford to act
as director of welfare work at the YVein
stoek-Lubin Co,, in Sacramento.
Delinquency and Corrections — I )r.
Harold Williams, psychologist of the
Whitticr State Normal School, Vho will
give three courses in the school of Edu
cation in the summer quarter of the Uni
versity this year.
Community Organization Mrs. Frank
Gibson.
Presided! Kay Lyman Wilbur will
preside over the twelfth annual conven
tion of the California State •Conference
of Social Agencies which will meet at
Riverside, May 4-7. The 1920 meeting
will be of peculiar interest to Stanford,
as a number of Stanford people who are
permanently conrtected with the organ
ization will take active part in the com
ing convention.
Acting with President Wilbur, who
will preside at the sessions of the con
ference. will be Dr. Aurelia Henry Rein
hardt, president of Mills College, who
is preparing the program for conference
discussion. The program this year will
deal with community social problems
under six headings which, with the
chairman of each sections, are as fol
lows :
Education—Dr. Emory llogardus, of
the University of Southern California.
Public Health—"Dr. Wilfred Kellogg,
recentlv secretary to the State Hoard of
I fealth.
Industrial Relations Dr. Edward
Krehbeil, who this winter resigned as
professor of Historv at Stanford to act
as director of welfare work at the YVein
stoek-Lubin Co,, in Sacramento.
Delinquency and Corrections — I )r.
Harold Williams, psychologist of the
Whitticr State Normal School, Vho will
give three courses in the school of Edu
cation in the summer quarter of the Uni
versity this year.
Community Organization Mrs. Frank
Gibson.
Presided! Kay Lyman Wilbur will
preside over the twelfth annual conven
tion of the California State •Conference
of Social Agencies which will meet at
Riverside, May 4-7. The 1920 meeting
will be of peculiar interest to Stanford,
as a number of Stanford people who are
permanently conrtected with the organ
ization will take active part in the com
ing convention.
Acting with President Wilbur, who
will preside at the sessions of the con
ference. will be Dr. Aurelia Henry Rein
hardt, president of Mills College, who
is preparing the program for conference
discussion. The program this year will
deal with community social problems
under six headings which, with the
chairman of each sections, are as fol
lows :
Education—Dr. Emory llogardus, of
the University of Southern California.
Public Health—"Dr. Wilfred Kellogg,
recentlv secretary to the State Hoard of
I fealth.
Industrial Relations Dr. Edward
Krehbeil, who this winter resigned as
professor of Historv at Stanford to act
as director of welfare work at the YVein
stoek-Lubin Co,, in Sacramento.
Delinquency and Corrections — I )r.
Harold Williams, psychologist of the
Whitticr State Normal School, Vho will
give three courses in the school of Edu
cation in the summer quarter of the Uni
versity this year.
Community Organization Mrs. Frank
Gibson.
Presided! Kay Lyman Wilbur will
preside over the twelfth annual conven
tion of the California State •Conference
of Social Agencies which will meet at
Riverside, May 4-7. The 1920 meeting
will be of peculiar interest to Stanford,
as a number of Stanford people who are
permanently conrtected with the organ
ization will take active part in the com
ing convention.
Acting with President Wilbur, who
will preside at the sessions of the con
ference. will be Dr. Aurelia Henry Rein
hardt, president of Mills College, who
is preparing the program for conference
discussion. The program this year will
deal with community social problems
under six headings which, with the
chairman of each sections, are as fol
lows :
Education—Dr. Emory llogardus, of
the University of Southern California.
Public Health—"Dr. Wilfred Kellogg,
recentlv secretary to the State Hoard of
I fealth.
Industrial Relations Dr. Edward
Krehbeil, who this winter resigned as
professor of Historv at Stanford to act
as director of welfare work at the YVein
stoek-Lubin Co,, in Sacramento.
Delinquency and Corrections — I )r.
Harold Williams, psychologist of the
Whitticr State Normal School, Vho will
give three courses in the school of Edu
cation in the summer quarter of the Uni
versity this year.
Community Organization Mrs. Frank
Gibson.
Presided! Kay Lyman Wilbur will
preside over the twelfth annual conven
tion of the California State •Conference
of Social Agencies which will meet at
Riverside, May 4-7. The 1920 meeting
will be of peculiar interest to Stanford,
as a number of Stanford people who are
permanently conrtected with the organ
ization will take active part in the com
ing convention.
Acting with President Wilbur, who
will preside at the sessions of the con
ference. will be Dr. Aurelia Henry Rein
hardt, president of Mills College, who
is preparing the program for conference
discussion. The program this year will
deal with community social problems
under six headings which, with the
chairman of each sections, are as fol
lows :
Education—Dr. Emory llogardus, of
the University of Southern California.
Public Health—"Dr. Wilfred Kellogg,
recentlv secretary to the State Hoard of
I fealth.
Industrial Relations Dr. Edward
Krehbeil, who this winter resigned as
professor of Historv at Stanford to act
as director of welfare work at the YVein
stoek-Lubin Co,, in Sacramento.
Delinquency and Corrections — I )r.
Harold Williams, psychologist of the
Whitticr State Normal School, Vho will
give three courses in the school of Edu
cation in the summer quarter of the Uni
versity this year.
Community Organization Mrs. Frank
Gibson.
Presided! Kay Lyman Wilbur will
preside over the twelfth annual conven
tion of the California State •Conference
of Social Agencies which will meet at
Riverside, May 4-7. The 1920 meeting
will be of peculiar interest to Stanford,
as a number of Stanford people who are
permanently conrtected with the organ
ization will take active part in the com
ing convention.
Acting with President Wilbur, who
will preside at the sessions of the con
ference. will be Dr. Aurelia Henry Rein
hardt, president of Mills College, who
is preparing the program for conference
discussion. The program this year will
deal with community social problems
under six headings which, with the
chairman of each sections, are as fol
lows :
Education—Dr. Emory llogardus, of
the University of Southern California.
Public Health—"Dr. Wilfred Kellogg,
recentlv secretary to the State Hoard of
I fealth.
Industrial Relations Dr. Edward
Krehbeil, who this winter resigned as
professor of Historv at Stanford to act
as director of welfare work at the YVein
stoek-Lubin Co,, in Sacramento.
Delinquency and Corrections — I )r.
Harold Williams, psychologist of the
Whitticr State Normal School, Vho will
give three courses in the school of Edu
cation in the summer quarter of the Uni
versity this year.
Community Organization Mrs. Frank
Gibson.
Presided! Kay Lyman Wilbur will
preside over the twelfth annual conven
tion of the California State •Conference
of Social Agencies which will meet at
Riverside, May 4-7. The 1920 meeting
will be of peculiar interest to Stanford,
as a number of Stanford people who are
permanently conrtected with the organ
ization will take active part in the com
ing convention.
Acting with President Wilbur, who
will preside at the sessions of the con
ference. will be Dr. Aurelia Henry Rein
hardt, president of Mills College, who
is preparing the program for conference
discussion. The program this year will
deal with community social problems
under six headings which, with the
chairman of each sections, are as fol
lows :
Education—Dr. Emory llogardus, of
the University of Southern California.
Public Health—"Dr. Wilfred Kellogg,
recentlv secretary to the State Hoard of
I fealth.
Industrial Relations Dr. Edward
Krehbeil, who this winter resigned as
professor of Historv at Stanford to act
as director of welfare work at the YVein
stoek-Lubin Co,, in Sacramento.
Delinquency and Corrections — I )r.
Harold Williams, psychologist of the
Whitticr State Normal School, Vho will
give three courses in the school of Edu
cation in the summer quarter of the Uni
versity this year.
Community Organization Mrs. Frank
Gibson.
Presided! Kay Lyman Wilbur will
preside over the twelfth annual conven
tion of the California State •Conference
of Social Agencies which will meet at
Riverside, May 4-7. The 1920 meeting
will be of peculiar interest to Stanford,
as a number of Stanford people who are
permanently conrtected with the organ
ization will take active part in the com
ing convention.
Acting with President Wilbur, who
will preside at the sessions of the con
ference. will be Dr. Aurelia Henry Rein
hardt, president of Mills College, who
is preparing the program for conference
discussion. The program this year will
deal with community social problems
under six headings which, with the
chairman of each sections, are as fol
lows :
Education—Dr. Emory llogardus, of
the University of Southern California.
Public Health—"Dr. Wilfred Kellogg,
recentlv secretary to the State Hoard of
I fealth.
Industrial Relations Dr. Edward
Krehbeil, who this winter resigned as
professor of Historv at Stanford to act
as director of welfare work at the YVein
stoek-Lubin Co,, in Sacramento.
Delinquency and Corrections — I )r.
Harold Williams, psychologist of the
Whitticr State Normal School, Vho will
give three courses in the school of Edu
cation in the summer quarter of the Uni
versity this year.
Community Organization Mrs. Frank
Gibson.
