# Standard Oil to Open Foreign Service Work
## 
### 
\nnounccmcnt of the Foreign Service
School of the Standord ()il Company
was made this morning by the appoint
ment secretary. The purpose of the
school is to train men for the foreign
department of the Standard Oil Com
pany. Any men who will graduate in
\pril and are interested in the world
should communicate with Mrs, Snell at
once.
\nnounccmcnt of the Foreign Service
School of the Standord ()il Company
was made this morning by the appoint
ment secretary. The purpose of the
school is to train men for the foreign
department of the Standard Oil Com
pany. Any men who will graduate in
\pril and are interested in the world
should communicate with Mrs, Snell at
once.
\nnounccmcnt of the Foreign Service
School of the Standord ()il Company
was made this morning by the appoint
ment secretary. The purpose of the
school is to train men for the foreign
department of the Standard Oil Com
pany. Any men who will graduate in
\pril and are interested in the world
should communicate with Mrs, Snell at
once.
\nnounccmcnt of the Foreign Service
School of the Standord ()il Company
was made this morning by the appoint
ment secretary. The purpose of the
school is to train men for the foreign
department of the Standard Oil Com
pany. Any men who will graduate in
\pril and are interested in the world
should communicate with Mrs, Snell at
once.
\nnounccmcnt of the Foreign Service
School of the Standord ()il Company
was made this morning by the appoint
ment secretary. The purpose of the
school is to train men for the foreign
department of the Standard Oil Com
pany. Any men who will graduate in
\pril and are interested in the world
should communicate with Mrs, Snell at
once.
\nnounccmcnt of the Foreign Service
School of the Standord ()il Company
was made this morning by the appoint
ment secretary. The purpose of the
school is to train men for the foreign
department of the Standard Oil Com
pany. Any men who will graduate in
\pril and are interested in the world
should communicate with Mrs, Snell at
once.
\nnounccmcnt of the Foreign Service
School of the Standord ()il Company
was made this morning by the appoint
ment secretary. The purpose of the
school is to train men for the foreign
department of the Standard Oil Com
pany. Any men who will graduate in
\pril and are interested in the world
should communicate with Mrs, Snell at
once.
\nnounccmcnt of the Foreign Service
School of the Standord ()il Company
was made this morning by the appoint
ment secretary. The purpose of the
school is to train men for the foreign
department of the Standard Oil Com
pany. Any men who will graduate in
\pril and are interested in the world
should communicate with Mrs, Snell at
once.
\nnounccmcnt of the Foreign Service
School of the Standord ()il Company
was made this morning by the appoint
ment secretary. The purpose of the
school is to train men for the foreign
department of the Standard Oil Com
pany. Any men who will graduate in
\pril and are interested in the world
should communicate with Mrs, Snell at
once.
\nnounccmcnt of the Foreign Service
School of the Standord ()il Company
was made this morning by the appoint
ment secretary. The purpose of the
school is to train men for the foreign
department of the Standard Oil Com
pany. Any men who will graduate in
\pril and are interested in the world
should communicate with Mrs, Snell at
once.
\nnounccmcnt of the Foreign Service
School of the Standord ()il Company
was made this morning by the appoint
ment secretary. The purpose of the
school is to train men for the foreign
department of the Standard Oil Com
pany. Any men who will graduate in
\pril and are interested in the world
should communicate with Mrs, Snell at
once.
\nnounccmcnt of the Foreign Service
School of the Standord ()il Company
was made this morning by the appoint
ment secretary. The purpose of the
school is to train men for the foreign
department of the Standard Oil Com
pany. Any men who will graduate in
\pril and are interested in the world
should communicate with Mrs, Snell at
once.
