# History, 1942
## 
### AMIE REICHERT 
JT WAS most interesting to note in the President's
fireside chat last night that he candidly labelled
the current anti-British attitude in the nation as play
ing right into the Nazis' eager hands. This is abso
lutely true. Last week-end the Portland Oregonian
broadcast a report to the effect that the Nazis, long
waiting to break up the U.S.-Great Britain marriage,
would be sure to capitalize on the disastrous events
of the past weeks.
Whether the tremendous surge of anti-British feel
ing which has swept the country during the last week
was initially Nazi inspired is very doubtful. But the
fact remains that it is exactly what the Germans
wanted, and Roosevelt said last night that they were
licking their chops over the turmoil in the nation
which the loss of Singapore and the escape of the
German battleships occasioned.
In any event, all that is past and we must realize
that it does no good now to hurl epithets which
merely give aid and comfort to our enemies and
twinges of conscience to our allies. We must also
realize that this war cannot be won without the
British navy.
JT WAS most interesting to note in the President's
fireside chat last night that he candidly labelled
the current anti-British attitude in the nation as play
ing right into the Nazis' eager hands. This is abso
lutely true. Last week-end the Portland Oregonian
broadcast a report to the effect that the Nazis, long
waiting to break up the U.S.-Great Britain marriage,
would be sure to capitalize on the disastrous events
of the past weeks.
Whether the tremendous surge of anti-British feel
ing which has swept the country during the last week
was initially Nazi inspired is very doubtful. But the
fact remains that it is exactly what the Germans
wanted, and Roosevelt said last night that they were
licking their chops over the turmoil in the nation
which the loss of Singapore and the escape of the
German battleships occasioned.
In any event, all that is past and we must realize
that it does no good now to hurl epithets which
merely give aid and comfort to our enemies and
twinges of conscience to our allies. We must also
realize that this war cannot be won without the
British navy.
JT WAS most interesting to note in the President's
fireside chat last night that he candidly labelled
the current anti-British attitude in the nation as play
ing right into the Nazis' eager hands. This is abso
lutely true. Last week-end the Portland Oregonian
broadcast a report to the effect that the Nazis, long
waiting to break up the U.S.-Great Britain marriage,
would be sure to capitalize on the disastrous events
of the past weeks.
Whether the tremendous surge of anti-British feel
ing which has swept the country during the last week
was initially Nazi inspired is very doubtful. But the
fact remains that it is exactly what the Germans
wanted, and Roosevelt said last night that they were
licking their chops over the turmoil in the nation
which the loss of Singapore and the escape of the
German battleships occasioned.
In any event, all that is past and we must realize
that it does no good now to hurl epithets which
merely give aid and comfort to our enemies and
twinges of conscience to our allies. We must also
realize that this war cannot be won without the
British navy.
JT WAS most interesting to note in the President's
fireside chat last night that he candidly labelled
the current anti-British attitude in the nation as play
ing right into the Nazis' eager hands. This is abso
lutely true. Last week-end the Portland Oregonian
broadcast a report to the effect that the Nazis, long
waiting to break up the U.S.-Great Britain marriage,
would be sure to capitalize on the disastrous events
of the past weeks.
Whether the tremendous surge of anti-British feel
ing which has swept the country during the last week
was initially Nazi inspired is very doubtful. But the
fact remains that it is exactly what the Germans
wanted, and Roosevelt said last night that they were
licking their chops over the turmoil in the nation
which the loss of Singapore and the escape of the
German battleships occasioned.
In any event, all that is past and we must realize
that it does no good now to hurl epithets which
merely give aid and comfort to our enemies and
twinges of conscience to our allies. We must also
realize that this war cannot be won without the
British navy.
JT WAS most interesting to note in the President's
fireside chat last night that he candidly labelled
the current anti-British attitude in the nation as play
ing right into the Nazis' eager hands. This is abso
lutely true. Last week-end the Portland Oregonian
broadcast a report to the effect that the Nazis, long
waiting to break up the U.S.-Great Britain marriage,
would be sure to capitalize on the disastrous events
of the past weeks.
Whether the tremendous surge of anti-British feel
ing which has swept the country during the last week
was initially Nazi inspired is very doubtful. But the
fact remains that it is exactly what the Germans
wanted, and Roosevelt said last night that they were
licking their chops over the turmoil in the nation
which the loss of Singapore and the escape of the
German battleships occasioned.
In any event, all that is past and we must realize
that it does no good now to hurl epithets which
merely give aid and comfort to our enemies and
twinges of conscience to our allies. We must also
realize that this war cannot be won without the
British navy.
JT WAS most interesting to note in the President's
fireside chat last night that he candidly labelled
the current anti-British attitude in the nation as play
ing right into the Nazis' eager hands. This is abso
lutely true. Last week-end the Portland Oregonian
broadcast a report to the effect that the Nazis, long
waiting to break up the U.S.-Great Britain marriage,
would be sure to capitalize on the disastrous events
of the past weeks.
Whether the tremendous surge of anti-British feel
ing which has swept the country during the last week
was initially Nazi inspired is very doubtful. But the
fact remains that it is exactly what the Germans
wanted, and Roosevelt said last night that they were
licking their chops over the turmoil in the nation
which the loss of Singapore and the escape of the
German battleships occasioned.
In any event, all that is past and we must realize
that it does no good now to hurl epithets which
merely give aid and comfort to our enemies and
twinges of conscience to our allies. We must also
realize that this war cannot be won without the
British navy.
JT WAS most interesting to note in the President's
fireside chat last night that he candidly labelled
the current anti-British attitude in the nation as play
ing right into the Nazis' eager hands. This is abso
lutely true. Last week-end the Portland Oregonian
broadcast a report to the effect that the Nazis, long
waiting to break up the U.S.-Great Britain marriage,
would be sure to capitalize on the disastrous events
of the past weeks.
Whether the tremendous surge of anti-British feel
ing which has swept the country during the last week
was initially Nazi inspired is very doubtful. But the
fact remains that it is exactly what the Germans
wanted, and Roosevelt said last night that they were
licking their chops over the turmoil in the nation
which the loss of Singapore and the escape of the
German battleships occasioned.
In any event, all that is past and we must realize
that it does no good now to hurl epithets which
merely give aid and comfort to our enemies and
twinges of conscience to our allies. We must also
realize that this war cannot be won without the
British navy.
JT WAS most interesting to note in the President's
fireside chat last night that he candidly labelled
the current anti-British attitude in the nation as play
ing right into the Nazis' eager hands. This is abso
lutely true. Last week-end the Portland Oregonian
broadcast a report to the effect that the Nazis, long
waiting to break up the U.S.-Great Britain marriage,
would be sure to capitalize on the disastrous events
of the past weeks.
Whether the tremendous surge of anti-British feel
ing which has swept the country during the last week
was initially Nazi inspired is very doubtful. But the
fact remains that it is exactly what the Germans
wanted, and Roosevelt said last night that they were
licking their chops over the turmoil in the nation
which the loss of Singapore and the escape of the
German battleships occasioned.
In any event, all that is past and we must realize
that it does no good now to hurl epithets which
merely give aid and comfort to our enemies and
twinges of conscience to our allies. We must also
realize that this war cannot be won without the
British navy.
JT WAS most interesting to note in the President's
fireside chat last night that he candidly labelled
the current anti-British attitude in the nation as play
ing right into the Nazis' eager hands. This is abso
lutely true. Last week-end the Portland Oregonian
broadcast a report to the effect that the Nazis, long
waiting to break up the U.S.-Great Britain marriage,
would be sure to capitalize on the disastrous events
of the past weeks.
Whether the tremendous surge of anti-British feel
ing which has swept the country during the last week
was initially Nazi inspired is very doubtful. But the
fact remains that it is exactly what the Germans
wanted, and Roosevelt said last night that they were
licking their chops over the turmoil in the nation
which the loss of Singapore and the escape of the
German battleships occasioned.
In any event, all that is past and we must realize
that it does no good now to hurl epithets which
merely give aid and comfort to our enemies and
twinges of conscience to our allies. We must also
realize that this war cannot be won without the
British navy.
JT WAS most interesting to note in the President's
fireside chat last night that he candidly labelled
the current anti-British attitude in the nation as play
ing right into the Nazis' eager hands. This is abso
lutely true. Last week-end the Portland Oregonian
broadcast a report to the effect that the Nazis, long
waiting to break up the U.S.-Great Britain marriage,
would be sure to capitalize on the disastrous events
of the past weeks.
Whether the tremendous surge of anti-British feel
ing which has swept the country during the last week
was initially Nazi inspired is very doubtful. But the
fact remains that it is exactly what the Germans
wanted, and Roosevelt said last night that they were
licking their chops over the turmoil in the nation
which the loss of Singapore and the escape of the
German battleships occasioned.
In any event, all that is past and we must realize
that it does no good now to hurl epithets which
merely give aid and comfort to our enemies and
twinges of conscience to our allies. We must also
realize that this war cannot be won without the
British navy.
JT WAS most interesting to note in the President's
fireside chat last night that he candidly labelled
the current anti-British attitude in the nation as play
ing right into the Nazis' eager hands. This is abso
lutely true. Last week-end the Portland Oregonian
broadcast a report to the effect that the Nazis, long
waiting to break up the U.S.-Great Britain marriage,
would be sure to capitalize on the disastrous events
of the past weeks.
Whether the tremendous surge of anti-British feel
ing which has swept the country during the last week
was initially Nazi inspired is very doubtful. But the
fact remains that it is exactly what the Germans
wanted, and Roosevelt said last night that they were
licking their chops over the turmoil in the nation
which the loss of Singapore and the escape of the
German battleships occasioned.
In any event, all that is past and we must realize
that it does no good now to hurl epithets which
merely give aid and comfort to our enemies and
twinges of conscience to our allies. We must also
realize that this war cannot be won without the
British navy.
JT WAS most interesting to note in the President's
fireside chat last night that he candidly labelled
the current anti-British attitude in the nation as play
ing right into the Nazis' eager hands. This is abso
lutely true. Last week-end the Portland Oregonian
broadcast a report to the effect that the Nazis, long
waiting to break up the U.S.-Great Britain marriage,
would be sure to capitalize on the disastrous events
of the past weeks.
Whether the tremendous surge of anti-British feel
ing which has swept the country during the last week
was initially Nazi inspired is very doubtful. But the
fact remains that it is exactly what the Germans
wanted, and Roosevelt said last night that they were
licking their chops over the turmoil in the nation
which the loss of Singapore and the escape of the
German battleships occasioned.
In any event, all that is past and we must realize
that it does no good now to hurl epithets which
merely give aid and comfort to our enemies and
twinges of conscience to our allies. We must also
realize that this war cannot be won without the
British navy.
JT WAS most interesting to note in the President's
fireside chat last night that he candidly labelled
the current anti-British attitude in the nation as play
ing right into the Nazis' eager hands. This is abso
lutely true. Last week-end the Portland Oregonian
broadcast a report to the effect that the Nazis, long
waiting to break up the U.S.-Great Britain marriage,
would be sure to capitalize on the disastrous events
of the past weeks.
Whether the tremendous surge of anti-British feel
ing which has swept the country during the last week
was initially Nazi inspired is very doubtful. But the
fact remains that it is exactly what the Germans
wanted, and Roosevelt said last night that they were
licking their chops over the turmoil in the nation
which the loss of Singapore and the escape of the
German battleships occasioned.
In any event, all that is past and we must realize
that it does no good now to hurl epithets which
merely give aid and comfort to our enemies and
twinges of conscience to our allies. We must also
realize that this war cannot be won without the
British navy.
JT WAS most interesting to note in the President's
fireside chat last night that he candidly labelled
the current anti-British attitude in the nation as play
ing right into the Nazis' eager hands. This is abso
lutely true. Last week-end the Portland Oregonian
broadcast a report to the effect that the Nazis, long
waiting to break up the U.S.-Great Britain marriage,
would be sure to capitalize on the disastrous events
of the past weeks.
Whether the tremendous surge of anti-British feel
ing which has swept the country during the last week
was initially Nazi inspired is very doubtful. But the
fact remains that it is exactly what the Germans
wanted, and Roosevelt said last night that they were
licking their chops over the turmoil in the nation
which the loss of Singapore and the escape of the
German battleships occasioned.
In any event, all that is past and we must realize
that it does no good now to hurl epithets which
merely give aid and comfort to our enemies and
twinges of conscience to our allies. We must also
realize that this war cannot be won without the
British navy.
JT WAS most interesting to note in the President's
fireside chat last night that he candidly labelled
the current anti-British attitude in the nation as play
ing right into the Nazis' eager hands. This is abso
lutely true. Last week-end the Portland Oregonian
broadcast a report to the effect that the Nazis, long
waiting to break up the U.S.-Great Britain marriage,
would be sure to capitalize on the disastrous events
of the past weeks.
Whether the tremendous surge of anti-British feel
ing which has swept the country during the last week
was initially Nazi inspired is very doubtful. But the
fact remains that it is exactly what the Germans
wanted, and Roosevelt said last night that they were
licking their chops over the turmoil in the nation
which the loss of Singapore and the escape of the
German battleships occasioned.
In any event, all that is past and we must realize
that it does no good now to hurl epithets which
merely give aid and comfort to our enemies and
twinges of conscience to our allies. We must also
realize that this war cannot be won without the
British navy.
JT WAS most interesting to note in the President's
fireside chat last night that he candidly labelled
the current anti-British attitude in the nation as play
ing right into the Nazis' eager hands. This is abso
lutely true. Last week-end the Portland Oregonian
broadcast a report to the effect that the Nazis, long
waiting to break up the U.S.-Great Britain marriage,
would be sure to capitalize on the disastrous events
of the past weeks.
Whether the tremendous surge of anti-British feel
ing which has swept the country during the last week
was initially Nazi inspired is very doubtful. But the
fact remains that it is exactly what the Germans
wanted, and Roosevelt said last night that they were
licking their chops over the turmoil in the nation
which the loss of Singapore and the escape of the
German battleships occasioned.
In any event, all that is past and we must realize
that it does no good now to hurl epithets which
merely give aid and comfort to our enemies and
twinges of conscience to our allies. We must also
realize that this war cannot be won without the
British navy.
JT WAS most interesting to note in the President's
fireside chat last night that he candidly labelled
the current anti-British attitude in the nation as play
ing right into the Nazis' eager hands. This is abso
lutely true. Last week-end the Portland Oregonian
broadcast a report to the effect that the Nazis, long
waiting to break up the U.S.-Great Britain marriage,
would be sure to capitalize on the disastrous events
of the past weeks.
Whether the tremendous surge of anti-British feel
ing which has swept the country during the last week
was initially Nazi inspired is very doubtful. But the
fact remains that it is exactly what the Germans
wanted, and Roosevelt said last night that they were
licking their chops over the turmoil in the nation
which the loss of Singapore and the escape of the
German battleships occasioned.
In any event, all that is past and we must realize
that it does no good now to hurl epithets which
merely give aid and comfort to our enemies and
twinges of conscience to our allies. We must also
realize that this war cannot be won without the
British navy.
JT WAS most interesting to note in the President's
fireside chat last night that he candidly labelled
the current anti-British attitude in the nation as play
ing right into the Nazis' eager hands. This is abso
lutely true. Last week-end the Portland Oregonian
broadcast a report to the effect that the Nazis, long
waiting to break up the U.S.-Great Britain marriage,
would be sure to capitalize on the disastrous events
of the past weeks.
Whether the tremendous surge of anti-British feel
ing which has swept the country during the last week
was initially Nazi inspired is very doubtful. But the
fact remains that it is exactly what the Germans
wanted, and Roosevelt said last night that they were
licking their chops over the turmoil in the nation
which the loss of Singapore and the escape of the
German battleships occasioned.
In any event, all that is past and we must realize
that it does no good now to hurl epithets which
merely give aid and comfort to our enemies and
twinges of conscience to our allies. We must also
realize that this war cannot be won without the
British navy.
