# Ducks Defeat Farm Swim Team, 49 â€“ 25
## 
### 
Oregon's favored swimming team ;
defeated Stanford's swimmers, 49- j
25, in the Encina pools on Saturday.
Oregon won seven out of nine events. j
Stanford's coach, Norton Thornton,
reviewed the encouraging aspects of !
the meet which the score didn't in- j
dicate. Thornton reported that Brad j
Young of Stanford won the 50-yard
free-style race in 25.1 seconds and
the Stanford 400-yard free-style re
lay team took the final event in a
finger-tip victory. Thornton said I
that two other close races were the ;
220-yard free-style and the 100-yard
free-style. Thornton gave credit to j
Ted Munroe, Rey Roul, and Don
Smith for turning in the best per- :
formances. He also said that Roul J
and Smith swam the fastest races of ]
iheir careers.
Stanford's relay team in winning
its event defeated the Oregon team i
which had established a P.C.C. rec
ord as it downed Washington's team
the week before.
Oregon's favored swimming team ;
defeated Stanford's swimmers, 49- j
25, in the Encina pools on Saturday.
Oregon won seven out of nine events. j
Stanford's coach, Norton Thornton,
reviewed the encouraging aspects of !
the meet which the score didn't in- j
dicate. Thornton reported that Brad j
Young of Stanford won the 50-yard
free-style race in 25.1 seconds and
the Stanford 400-yard free-style re
lay team took the final event in a
finger-tip victory. Thornton said I
that two other close races were the ;
220-yard free-style and the 100-yard
free-style. Thornton gave credit to j
Ted Munroe, Rey Roul, and Don
Smith for turning in the best per- :
formances. He also said that Roul J
and Smith swam the fastest races of ]
iheir careers.
Stanford's relay team in winning
its event defeated the Oregon team i
which had established a P.C.C. rec
ord as it downed Washington's team
the week before.
Oregon's favored swimming team ;
defeated Stanford's swimmers, 49- j
25, in the Encina pools on Saturday.
Oregon won seven out of nine events. j
Stanford's coach, Norton Thornton,
reviewed the encouraging aspects of !
the meet which the score didn't in- j
dicate. Thornton reported that Brad j
Young of Stanford won the 50-yard
free-style race in 25.1 seconds and
the Stanford 400-yard free-style re
lay team took the final event in a
finger-tip victory. Thornton said I
that two other close races were the ;
220-yard free-style and the 100-yard
free-style. Thornton gave credit to j
Ted Munroe, Rey Roul, and Don
Smith for turning in the best per- :
formances. He also said that Roul J
and Smith swam the fastest races of ]
iheir careers.
Stanford's relay team in winning
its event defeated the Oregon team i
which had established a P.C.C. rec
ord as it downed Washington's team
the week before.
Oregon's favored swimming team ;
defeated Stanford's swimmers, 49- j
25, in the Encina pools on Saturday.
Oregon won seven out of nine events. j
Stanford's coach, Norton Thornton,
reviewed the encouraging aspects of !
the meet which the score didn't in- j
dicate. Thornton reported that Brad j
Young of Stanford won the 50-yard
free-style race in 25.1 seconds and
the Stanford 400-yard free-style re
lay team took the final event in a
finger-tip victory. Thornton said I
that two other close races were the ;
220-yard free-style and the 100-yard
free-style. Thornton gave credit to j
Ted Munroe, Rey Roul, and Don
Smith for turning in the best per- :
formances. He also said that Roul J
and Smith swam the fastest races of ]
iheir careers.
Stanford's relay team in winning
its event defeated the Oregon team i
which had established a P.C.C. rec
ord as it downed Washington's team
the week before.
Oregon's favored swimming team ;
defeated Stanford's swimmers, 49- j
25, in the Encina pools on Saturday.
Oregon won seven out of nine events. j
Stanford's coach, Norton Thornton,
reviewed the encouraging aspects of !
the meet which the score didn't in- j
dicate. Thornton reported that Brad j
Young of Stanford won the 50-yard
free-style race in 25.1 seconds and
the Stanford 400-yard free-style re
lay team took the final event in a
finger-tip victory. Thornton said I
that two other close races were the ;
220-yard free-style and the 100-yard
free-style. Thornton gave credit to j
Ted Munroe, Rey Roul, and Don
Smith for turning in the best per- :
formances. He also said that Roul J
and Smith swam the fastest races of ]
iheir careers.
Stanford's relay team in winning
its event defeated the Oregon team i
which had established a P.C.C. rec
ord as it downed Washington's team
the week before.
Oregon's favored swimming team ;
defeated Stanford's swimmers, 49- j
25, in the Encina pools on Saturday.
Oregon won seven out of nine events. j
Stanford's coach, Norton Thornton,
reviewed the encouraging aspects of !
the meet which the score didn't in- j
dicate. Thornton reported that Brad j
Young of Stanford won the 50-yard
free-style race in 25.1 seconds and
the Stanford 400-yard free-style re
lay team took the final event in a
finger-tip victory. Thornton said I
that two other close races were the ;
220-yard free-style and the 100-yard
free-style. Thornton gave credit to j
Ted Munroe, Rey Roul, and Don
Smith for turning in the best per- :
formances. He also said that Roul J
and Smith swam the fastest races of ]
iheir careers.
Stanford's relay team in winning
its event defeated the Oregon team i
which had established a P.C.C. rec
ord as it downed Washington's team
the week before.
Oregon's favored swimming team ;
defeated Stanford's swimmers, 49- j
25, in the Encina pools on Saturday.
Oregon won seven out of nine events. j
Stanford's coach, Norton Thornton,
reviewed the encouraging aspects of !
the meet which the score didn't in- j
dicate. Thornton reported that Brad j
Young of Stanford won the 50-yard
free-style race in 25.1 seconds and
the Stanford 400-yard free-style re
lay team took the final event in a
finger-tip victory. Thornton said I
that two other close races were the ;
220-yard free-style and the 100-yard
free-style. Thornton gave credit to j
Ted Munroe, Rey Roul, and Don
Smith for turning in the best per- :
formances. He also said that Roul J
and Smith swam the fastest races of ]
iheir careers.
Stanford's relay team in winning
its event defeated the Oregon team i
which had established a P.C.C. rec
ord as it downed Washington's team
the week before.
Oregon's favored swimming team ;
defeated Stanford's swimmers, 49- j
25, in the Encina pools on Saturday.
Oregon won seven out of nine events. j
Stanford's coach, Norton Thornton,
reviewed the encouraging aspects of !
the meet which the score didn't in- j
dicate. Thornton reported that Brad j
Young of Stanford won the 50-yard
free-style race in 25.1 seconds and
the Stanford 400-yard free-style re
lay team took the final event in a
finger-tip victory. Thornton said I
that two other close races were the ;
220-yard free-style and the 100-yard
free-style. Thornton gave credit to j
Ted Munroe, Rey Roul, and Don
Smith for turning in the best per- :
formances. He also said that Roul J
and Smith swam the fastest races of ]
iheir careers.
Stanford's relay team in winning
its event defeated the Oregon team i
which had established a P.C.C. rec
ord as it downed Washington's team
the week before.
Oregon's favored swimming team ;
defeated Stanford's swimmers, 49- j
25, in the Encina pools on Saturday.
Oregon won seven out of nine events. j
Stanford's coach, Norton Thornton,
reviewed the encouraging aspects of !
the meet which the score didn't in- j
dicate. Thornton reported that Brad j
Young of Stanford won the 50-yard
free-style race in 25.1 seconds and
the Stanford 400-yard free-style re
lay team took the final event in a
finger-tip victory. Thornton said I
that two other close races were the ;
220-yard free-style and the 100-yard
free-style. Thornton gave credit to j
Ted Munroe, Rey Roul, and Don
Smith for turning in the best per- :
formances. He also said that Roul J
and Smith swam the fastest races of ]
iheir careers.
Stanford's relay team in winning
its event defeated the Oregon team i
which had established a P.C.C. rec
ord as it downed Washington's team
the week before.
Oregon's favored swimming team ;
defeated Stanford's swimmers, 49- j
25, in the Encina pools on Saturday.
Oregon won seven out of nine events. j
Stanford's coach, Norton Thornton,
reviewed the encouraging aspects of !
the meet which the score didn't in- j
dicate. Thornton reported that Brad j
Young of Stanford won the 50-yard
free-style race in 25.1 seconds and
the Stanford 400-yard free-style re
lay team took the final event in a
finger-tip victory. Thornton said I
that two other close races were the ;
220-yard free-style and the 100-yard
free-style. Thornton gave credit to j
Ted Munroe, Rey Roul, and Don
Smith for turning in the best per- :
formances. He also said that Roul J
and Smith swam the fastest races of ]
iheir careers.
Stanford's relay team in winning
its event defeated the Oregon team i
which had established a P.C.C. rec
ord as it downed Washington's team
the week before.
Oregon's favored swimming team ;
defeated Stanford's swimmers, 49- j
25, in the Encina pools on Saturday.
Oregon won seven out of nine events. j
Stanford's coach, Norton Thornton,
reviewed the encouraging aspects of !
the meet which the score didn't in- j
dicate. Thornton reported that Brad j
Young of Stanford won the 50-yard
free-style race in 25.1 seconds and
the Stanford 400-yard free-style re
lay team took the final event in a
finger-tip victory. Thornton said I
that two other close races were the ;
220-yard free-style and the 100-yard
free-style. Thornton gave credit to j
Ted Munroe, Rey Roul, and Don
Smith for turning in the best per- :
formances. He also said that Roul J
and Smith swam the fastest races of ]
iheir careers.
Stanford's relay team in winning
its event defeated the Oregon team i
which had established a P.C.C. rec
ord as it downed Washington's team
the week before.
Oregon's favored swimming team ;
defeated Stanford's swimmers, 49- j
25, in the Encina pools on Saturday.
Oregon won seven out of nine events. j
Stanford's coach, Norton Thornton,
reviewed the encouraging aspects of !
the meet which the score didn't in- j
dicate. Thornton reported that Brad j
Young of Stanford won the 50-yard
free-style race in 25.1 seconds and
the Stanford 400-yard free-style re
lay team took the final event in a
finger-tip victory. Thornton said I
that two other close races were the ;
220-yard free-style and the 100-yard
free-style. Thornton gave credit to j
Ted Munroe, Rey Roul, and Don
Smith for turning in the best per- :
formances. He also said that Roul J
and Smith swam the fastest races of ]
iheir careers.
Stanford's relay team in winning
its event defeated the Oregon team i
which had established a P.C.C. rec
ord as it downed Washington's team
the week before.
Oregon's favored swimming team ;
defeated Stanford's swimmers, 49- j
25, in the Encina pools on Saturday.
Oregon won seven out of nine events. j
Stanford's coach, Norton Thornton,
reviewed the encouraging aspects of !
the meet which the score didn't in- j
dicate. Thornton reported that Brad j
Young of Stanford won the 50-yard
free-style race in 25.1 seconds and
the Stanford 400-yard free-style re
lay team took the final event in a
finger-tip victory. Thornton said I
that two other close races were the ;
220-yard free-style and the 100-yard
free-style. Thornton gave credit to j
Ted Munroe, Rey Roul, and Don
Smith for turning in the best per- :
formances. He also said that Roul J
and Smith swam the fastest races of ]
iheir careers.
Stanford's relay team in winning
its event defeated the Oregon team i
which had established a P.C.C. rec
ord as it downed Washington's team
the week before.
Oregon's favored swimming team ;
defeated Stanford's swimmers, 49- j
25, in the Encina pools on Saturday.
Oregon won seven out of nine events. j
Stanford's coach, Norton Thornton,
reviewed the encouraging aspects of !
the meet which the score didn't in- j
dicate. Thornton reported that Brad j
Young of Stanford won the 50-yard
free-style race in 25.1 seconds and
the Stanford 400-yard free-style re
lay team took the final event in a
finger-tip victory. Thornton said I
that two other close races were the ;
220-yard free-style and the 100-yard
free-style. Thornton gave credit to j
Ted Munroe, Rey Roul, and Don
Smith for turning in the best per- :
formances. He also said that Roul J
and Smith swam the fastest races of ]
iheir careers.
Stanford's relay team in winning
its event defeated the Oregon team i
which had established a P.C.C. rec
ord as it downed Washington's team
the week before.
Oregon's favored swimming team ;
defeated Stanford's swimmers, 49- j
25, in the Encina pools on Saturday.
Oregon won seven out of nine events. j
Stanford's coach, Norton Thornton,
reviewed the encouraging aspects of !
the meet which the score didn't in- j
dicate. Thornton reported that Brad j
Young of Stanford won the 50-yard
free-style race in 25.1 seconds and
the Stanford 400-yard free-style re
lay team took the final event in a
finger-tip victory. Thornton said I
that two other close races were the ;
220-yard free-style and the 100-yard
free-style. Thornton gave credit to j
Ted Munroe, Rey Roul, and Don
Smith for turning in the best per- :
formances. He also said that Roul J
and Smith swam the fastest races of ]
iheir careers.
Stanford's relay team in winning
its event defeated the Oregon team i
which had established a P.C.C. rec
ord as it downed Washington's team
the week before.
Oregon's favored swimming team ;
defeated Stanford's swimmers, 49- j
25, in the Encina pools on Saturday.
Oregon won seven out of nine events. j
Stanford's coach, Norton Thornton,
reviewed the encouraging aspects of !
the meet which the score didn't in- j
dicate. Thornton reported that Brad j
Young of Stanford won the 50-yard
free-style race in 25.1 seconds and
the Stanford 400-yard free-style re
lay team took the final event in a
finger-tip victory. Thornton said I
that two other close races were the ;
220-yard free-style and the 100-yard
free-style. Thornton gave credit to j
Ted Munroe, Rey Roul, and Don
Smith for turning in the best per- :
formances. He also said that Roul J
and Smith swam the fastest races of ]
iheir careers.
Stanford's relay team in winning
its event defeated the Oregon team i
which had established a P.C.C. rec
ord as it downed Washington's team
the week before.
Oregon's favored swimming team ;
defeated Stanford's swimmers, 49- j
25, in the Encina pools on Saturday.
Oregon won seven out of nine events. j
Stanford's coach, Norton Thornton,
reviewed the encouraging aspects of !
the meet which the score didn't in- j
dicate. Thornton reported that Brad j
Young of Stanford won the 50-yard
free-style race in 25.1 seconds and
the Stanford 400-yard free-style re
lay team took the final event in a
finger-tip victory. Thornton said I
that two other close races were the ;
220-yard free-style and the 100-yard
free-style. Thornton gave credit to j
Ted Munroe, Rey Roul, and Don
Smith for turning in the best per- :
formances. He also said that Roul J
and Smith swam the fastest races of ]
iheir careers.
Stanford's relay team in winning
its event defeated the Oregon team i
which had established a P.C.C. rec
ord as it downed Washington's team
the week before.
Oregon's favored swimming team ;
defeated Stanford's swimmers, 49- j
25, in the Encina pools on Saturday.
Oregon won seven out of nine events. j
Stanford's coach, Norton Thornton,
reviewed the encouraging aspects of !
the meet which the score didn't in- j
dicate. Thornton reported that Brad j
Young of Stanford won the 50-yard
free-style race in 25.1 seconds and
the Stanford 400-yard free-style re
lay team took the final event in a
finger-tip victory. Thornton said I
that two other close races were the ;
220-yard free-style and the 100-yard
free-style. Thornton gave credit to j
Ted Munroe, Rey Roul, and Don
Smith for turning in the best per- :
formances. He also said that Roul J
and Smith swam the fastest races of ]
iheir careers.
Stanford's relay team in winning
its event defeated the Oregon team i
which had established a P.C.C. rec
ord as it downed Washington's team
the week before.
