# Roble Debate Set For Next Week
## 
### 
Stanford debate officials have post
poned the forthcoming verbal clash
between Encina and Roble until
Wednesday, March 4, in action an
nounced last night by Edwin J. Conn,
freshman debate manager.
Postponement, proposed by au
thorities to give the freshman halls
a week to recover for or from mid
terms, will move the date of the
much-heralded "Dutch" date debate
forward one full week. Encina and
Roble teams will have an extra week
of preparation for the tilt which will
be judged by Dean Stanley Sharp,
Dr. Rixford K. Snyder, and Miss
Rosamonde Clarke, director of Roble
Hall.
Destined to decide whether or not
the female is justified in giving fi
nancial aid to her mate on a date,
the discussion was proposed to ac
quaint Encina and Roble through the
medium of argument and to settle
such arguments "until next time."
