# Adv. 3 Page 12
## 
### 
o—l
Chance of UFOss
Scientists recently captured a photo of
the star Fomalhaut with planets orbit
ing around it. This discovery signifi
cantly increases the likelihood that we
will be meeting E.T. in our lifetime.
Outta-this-world!
o—l
Chance of UFOss
Scientists recently captured a photo of
the star Fomalhaut with planets orbit
ing around it. This discovery signifi
cantly increases the likelihood that we
will be meeting E.T. in our lifetime.
Outta-this-world!
o—l
Chance of UFOss
Scientists recently captured a photo of
the star Fomalhaut with planets orbit
ing around it. This discovery signifi
cantly increases the likelihood that we
will be meeting E.T. in our lifetime.
Outta-this-world!
o—l
Chance of UFOss
Scientists recently captured a photo of
the star Fomalhaut with planets orbit
ing around it. This discovery signifi
cantly increases the likelihood that we
will be meeting E.T. in our lifetime.
Outta-this-world!
o—l
Chance of UFOss
Scientists recently captured a photo of
the star Fomalhaut with planets orbit
ing around it. This discovery signifi
cantly increases the likelihood that we
will be meeting E.T. in our lifetime.
Outta-this-world!
o—l
Chance of UFOss
Scientists recently captured a photo of
the star Fomalhaut with planets orbit
ing around it. This discovery signifi
cantly increases the likelihood that we
will be meeting E.T. in our lifetime.
Outta-this-world!
