# PHI KAPPA SIGMA PLEDGE
## 
### 
Phi Kappa Sigma announces the ,
pledging of Harry I). Getting, '32.1
Phi Kappa Sigma announces the ,
pledging of Harry I). Getting, '32.1
Phi Kappa Sigma announces the ,
pledging of Harry I). Getting, '32.1
Phi Kappa Sigma announces the ,
pledging of Harry I). Getting, '32.1
Phi Kappa Sigma announces the ,
pledging of Harry I). Getting, '32.1
Phi Kappa Sigma announces the ,
pledging of Harry I). Getting, '32.1
Phi Kappa Sigma announces the ,
pledging of Harry I). Getting, '32.1
Phi Kappa Sigma announces the ,
pledging of Harry I). Getting, '32.1
Phi Kappa Sigma announces the ,
pledging of Harry I). Getting, '32.1
Phi Kappa Sigma announces the ,
pledging of Harry I). Getting, '32.1
Phi Kappa Sigma announces the ,
pledging of Harry I). Getting, '32.1
Phi Kappa Sigma announces the ,
pledging of Harry I). Getting, '32.1
Phi Kappa Sigma announces the ,
pledging of Harry I). Getting, '32.1
Phi Kappa Sigma announces the ,
pledging of Harry I). Getting, '32.1
Phi Kappa Sigma announces the ,
pledging of Harry I). Getting, '32.1
