# CENSUS TROUBLE
## 
### 
PORTLAND, Ore., April 10. (/P)
-Among the tilings one census
enumerator had to explain to a
Portland housewife was lhat Uncle
Sam wanted to know if she was
married, not how well. Under the
question "marital condition" the
housewife had written "good."
PORTLAND, Ore., April 10. (/P)
-Among the tilings one census
enumerator had to explain to a
Portland housewife was lhat Uncle
Sam wanted to know if she was
married, not how well. Under the
question "marital condition" the
housewife had written "good."
PORTLAND, Ore., April 10. (/P)
-Among the tilings one census
enumerator had to explain to a
Portland housewife was lhat Uncle
Sam wanted to know if she was
married, not how well. Under the
question "marital condition" the
housewife had written "good."
PORTLAND, Ore., April 10. (/P)
-Among the tilings one census
enumerator had to explain to a
Portland housewife was lhat Uncle
Sam wanted to know if she was
married, not how well. Under the
question "marital condition" the
housewife had written "good."
PORTLAND, Ore., April 10. (/P)
-Among the tilings one census
enumerator had to explain to a
Portland housewife was lhat Uncle
Sam wanted to know if she was
married, not how well. Under the
question "marital condition" the
housewife had written "good."
PORTLAND, Ore., April 10. (/P)
-Among the tilings one census
enumerator had to explain to a
Portland housewife was lhat Uncle
Sam wanted to know if she was
married, not how well. Under the
question "marital condition" the
housewife had written "good."
PORTLAND, Ore., April 10. (/P)
-Among the tilings one census
enumerator had to explain to a
Portland housewife was lhat Uncle
Sam wanted to know if she was
married, not how well. Under the
question "marital condition" the
housewife had written "good."
PORTLAND, Ore., April 10. (/P)
-Among the tilings one census
enumerator had to explain to a
Portland housewife was lhat Uncle
Sam wanted to know if she was
married, not how well. Under the
question "marital condition" the
housewife had written "good."
PORTLAND, Ore., April 10. (/P)
-Among the tilings one census
enumerator had to explain to a
Portland housewife was lhat Uncle
Sam wanted to know if she was
married, not how well. Under the
question "marital condition" the
housewife had written "good."
PORTLAND, Ore., April 10. (/P)
-Among the tilings one census
enumerator had to explain to a
Portland housewife was lhat Uncle
Sam wanted to know if she was
married, not how well. Under the
question "marital condition" the
housewife had written "good."
PORTLAND, Ore., April 10. (/P)
-Among the tilings one census
enumerator had to explain to a
Portland housewife was lhat Uncle
Sam wanted to know if she was
married, not how well. Under the
question "marital condition" the
housewife had written "good."
PORTLAND, Ore., April 10. (/P)
-Among the tilings one census
enumerator had to explain to a
Portland housewife was lhat Uncle
Sam wanted to know if she was
married, not how well. Under the
question "marital condition" the
housewife had written "good."
PORTLAND, Ore., April 10. (/P)
-Among the tilings one census
enumerator had to explain to a
Portland housewife was lhat Uncle
Sam wanted to know if she was
married, not how well. Under the
question "marital condition" the
housewife had written "good."
PORTLAND, Ore., April 10. (/P)
-Among the tilings one census
enumerator had to explain to a
Portland housewife was lhat Uncle
Sam wanted to know if she was
married, not how well. Under the
question "marital condition" the
housewife had written "good."
PORTLAND, Ore., April 10. (/P)
-Among the tilings one census
enumerator had to explain to a
Portland housewife was lhat Uncle
Sam wanted to know if she was
married, not how well. Under the
question "marital condition" the
housewife had written "good."
