# FRESHEN MEET U.C. DEBATERS
## Progress Is Subject Of Annual Cal Debate 
### 
"Who would want to return to |
any golden age of the past, to the j
good old days?" challenged Marvin i
Rosenberg, California freshman, in '
the debate with the Stanford fresh-'
men in the Little Theatre last
night. "Look at Mr. Peattie. The
modern age of materialism has not
injured his health. Armed with a
club, he would duplicate the old
caveman."
"Stanford has no club," retorted
Jillson Peattie. Stanford freshman i
athlete and debater, "but we have j
an axe." David McDaniel, Leonard
Bloom, and Peattie composed the '
Stanford team which upheld the
affirmative side of the question,
"Resolved: That the price of prog
ress is too great." They were op
posed by Nathan Kessler, Miss
Eleanor Morris, and Rosenberg of
California.
Stanford speakers maintained
that the price of progress has been
too great, since it lias caused a
loss of intellectual balance, nar-1
rowed man's field of thought,
caused a loss of morals in busi
ness, religion, and government, and
has destroyed in part man's health
and happiness. California replied
that progress, of all thines, is
worthwhile and desirable at any
price.
The debate resolved at an early :
stage into a matching of wits that
kept, the audience in continual en
tertainment. Outstanding were the;
speeches of Bloom of Stanford and
Rosenberg of California. Bradford
Pease, freshman debate manager, I
served as chairman of the debate,
which was of the no-decision type.
