# CONSULATE STONED
## 
### 
NICE, France. April 10. (>?)-
crowd of about twenty men ston
the Italian consulate here k
night, breaking a glass canopy a
putting nil a right with the poli
NICE, France. April 10. (>?)-
crowd of about twenty men ston
the Italian consulate here k
night, breaking a glass canopy a
putting nil a right with the poli
NICE, France. April 10. (>?)-
crowd of about twenty men ston
the Italian consulate here k
night, breaking a glass canopy a
putting nil a right with the poli
NICE, France. April 10. (>?)-
crowd of about twenty men ston
the Italian consulate here k
night, breaking a glass canopy a
putting nil a right with the poli
NICE, France. April 10. (>?)-
crowd of about twenty men ston
the Italian consulate here k
night, breaking a glass canopy a
putting nil a right with the poli
NICE, France. April 10. (>?)-
crowd of about twenty men ston
the Italian consulate here k
night, breaking a glass canopy a
putting nil a right with the poli
NICE, France. April 10. (>?)-
crowd of about twenty men ston
the Italian consulate here k
night, breaking a glass canopy a
putting nil a right with the poli
NICE, France. April 10. (>?)-
crowd of about twenty men ston
the Italian consulate here k
night, breaking a glass canopy a
putting nil a right with the poli
NICE, France. April 10. (>?)-
crowd of about twenty men ston
the Italian consulate here k
night, breaking a glass canopy a
putting nil a right with the poli
NICE, France. April 10. (>?)-
crowd of about twenty men ston
the Italian consulate here k
night, breaking a glass canopy a
putting nil a right with the poli
NICE, France. April 10. (>?)-
crowd of about twenty men ston
the Italian consulate here k
night, breaking a glass canopy a
putting nil a right with the poli
NICE, France. April 10. (>?)-
crowd of about twenty men ston
the Italian consulate here k
night, breaking a glass canopy a
putting nil a right with the poli
NICE, France. April 10. (>?)-
crowd of about twenty men ston
the Italian consulate here k
night, breaking a glass canopy a
putting nil a right with the poli
NICE, France. April 10. (>?)-
crowd of about twenty men ston
the Italian consulate here k
night, breaking a glass canopy a
putting nil a right with the poli
NICE, France. April 10. (>?)-
crowd of about twenty men ston
the Italian consulate here k
night, breaking a glass canopy a
putting nil a right with the poli
