# Excom Agenda
## 
### 
The size and membership of the
cabinet under the proposed new
ASSU Constitution will be the
main topic of discussion at the
Executive Committee meeting to
night.
Excom will also hear reports by
the Honor Code Subcommittee and
Student-Faculty Committee chair
men at X and 8:15. A report on
the Nitery will also be given.
The meeting will begin at 7:30,
and will be held in the Excom
room in the Student Union.
The size and membership of the
cabinet under the proposed new
ASSU Constitution will be the
main topic of discussion at the
Executive Committee meeting to
night.
Excom will also hear reports by
the Honor Code Subcommittee and
Student-Faculty Committee chair
men at X and 8:15. A report on
the Nitery will also be given.
The meeting will begin at 7:30,
and will be held in the Excom
room in the Student Union.
The size and membership of the
cabinet under the proposed new
ASSU Constitution will be the
main topic of discussion at the
Executive Committee meeting to
night.
Excom will also hear reports by
the Honor Code Subcommittee and
Student-Faculty Committee chair
men at X and 8:15. A report on
the Nitery will also be given.
The meeting will begin at 7:30,
and will be held in the Excom
room in the Student Union.
The size and membership of the
cabinet under the proposed new
ASSU Constitution will be the
main topic of discussion at the
Executive Committee meeting to
night.
Excom will also hear reports by
the Honor Code Subcommittee and
Student-Faculty Committee chair
men at X and 8:15. A report on
the Nitery will also be given.
The meeting will begin at 7:30,
and will be held in the Excom
room in the Student Union.
The size and membership of the
cabinet under the proposed new
ASSU Constitution will be the
main topic of discussion at the
Executive Committee meeting to
night.
Excom will also hear reports by
the Honor Code Subcommittee and
Student-Faculty Committee chair
men at X and 8:15. A report on
the Nitery will also be given.
The meeting will begin at 7:30,
and will be held in the Excom
room in the Student Union.
The size and membership of the
cabinet under the proposed new
ASSU Constitution will be the
main topic of discussion at the
Executive Committee meeting to
night.
Excom will also hear reports by
the Honor Code Subcommittee and
Student-Faculty Committee chair
men at X and 8:15. A report on
the Nitery will also be given.
The meeting will begin at 7:30,
and will be held in the Excom
room in the Student Union.
The size and membership of the
cabinet under the proposed new
ASSU Constitution will be the
main topic of discussion at the
Executive Committee meeting to
night.
Excom will also hear reports by
the Honor Code Subcommittee and
Student-Faculty Committee chair
men at X and 8:15. A report on
the Nitery will also be given.
The meeting will begin at 7:30,
and will be held in the Excom
room in the Student Union.
The size and membership of the
cabinet under the proposed new
ASSU Constitution will be the
main topic of discussion at the
Executive Committee meeting to
night.
Excom will also hear reports by
the Honor Code Subcommittee and
Student-Faculty Committee chair
men at X and 8:15. A report on
the Nitery will also be given.
The meeting will begin at 7:30,
and will be held in the Excom
room in the Student Union.
The size and membership of the
cabinet under the proposed new
ASSU Constitution will be the
main topic of discussion at the
Executive Committee meeting to
night.
Excom will also hear reports by
the Honor Code Subcommittee and
Student-Faculty Committee chair
men at X and 8:15. A report on
the Nitery will also be given.
The meeting will begin at 7:30,
and will be held in the Excom
room in the Student Union.
The size and membership of the
cabinet under the proposed new
ASSU Constitution will be the
main topic of discussion at the
Executive Committee meeting to
night.
Excom will also hear reports by
the Honor Code Subcommittee and
Student-Faculty Committee chair
men at X and 8:15. A report on
the Nitery will also be given.
The meeting will begin at 7:30,
and will be held in the Excom
room in the Student Union.
The size and membership of the
cabinet under the proposed new
ASSU Constitution will be the
main topic of discussion at the
Executive Committee meeting to
night.
Excom will also hear reports by
the Honor Code Subcommittee and
Student-Faculty Committee chair
men at X and 8:15. A report on
the Nitery will also be given.
The meeting will begin at 7:30,
and will be held in the Excom
room in the Student Union.
The size and membership of the
cabinet under the proposed new
ASSU Constitution will be the
main topic of discussion at the
Executive Committee meeting to
night.
Excom will also hear reports by
the Honor Code Subcommittee and
Student-Faculty Committee chair
men at X and 8:15. A report on
the Nitery will also be given.
The meeting will begin at 7:30,
and will be held in the Excom
room in the Student Union.
The size and membership of the
cabinet under the proposed new
ASSU Constitution will be the
main topic of discussion at the
Executive Committee meeting to
night.
Excom will also hear reports by
the Honor Code Subcommittee and
Student-Faculty Committee chair
men at X and 8:15. A report on
the Nitery will also be given.
The meeting will begin at 7:30,
and will be held in the Excom
room in the Student Union.
The size and membership of the
cabinet under the proposed new
ASSU Constitution will be the
main topic of discussion at the
Executive Committee meeting to
night.
Excom will also hear reports by
the Honor Code Subcommittee and
Student-Faculty Committee chair
men at X and 8:15. A report on
the Nitery will also be given.
The meeting will begin at 7:30,
and will be held in the Excom
room in the Student Union.
The size and membership of the
cabinet under the proposed new
ASSU Constitution will be the
main topic of discussion at the
Executive Committee meeting to
night.
Excom will also hear reports by
the Honor Code Subcommittee and
Student-Faculty Committee chair
men at X and 8:15. A report on
the Nitery will also be given.
The meeting will begin at 7:30,
and will be held in the Excom
room in the Student Union.
