# DELTA KAPPA EPSILON
## 
### 
Charlie Sandbcrg, president;
George Weintz, vice-president; Ir
win Johnson, social chairman; Tom
Jesscn, rushing chairman; Lee An
drews, secretary.
Charlie Sandbcrg, president;
George Weintz, vice-president; Ir
win Johnson, social chairman; Tom
Jesscn, rushing chairman; Lee An
drews, secretary.
Charlie Sandbcrg, president;
George Weintz, vice-president; Ir
win Johnson, social chairman; Tom
Jesscn, rushing chairman; Lee An
drews, secretary.
Charlie Sandbcrg, president;
George Weintz, vice-president; Ir
win Johnson, social chairman; Tom
Jesscn, rushing chairman; Lee An
drews, secretary.
Charlie Sandbcrg, president;
George Weintz, vice-president; Ir
win Johnson, social chairman; Tom
Jesscn, rushing chairman; Lee An
drews, secretary.
Charlie Sandbcrg, president;
George Weintz, vice-president; Ir
win Johnson, social chairman; Tom
Jesscn, rushing chairman; Lee An
drews, secretary.
Charlie Sandbcrg, president;
George Weintz, vice-president; Ir
win Johnson, social chairman; Tom
Jesscn, rushing chairman; Lee An
drews, secretary.
Charlie Sandbcrg, president;
George Weintz, vice-president; Ir
win Johnson, social chairman; Tom
Jesscn, rushing chairman; Lee An
drews, secretary.
Charlie Sandbcrg, president;
George Weintz, vice-president; Ir
win Johnson, social chairman; Tom
Jesscn, rushing chairman; Lee An
drews, secretary.
Charlie Sandbcrg, president;
George Weintz, vice-president; Ir
win Johnson, social chairman; Tom
Jesscn, rushing chairman; Lee An
drews, secretary.
Charlie Sandbcrg, president;
George Weintz, vice-president; Ir
win Johnson, social chairman; Tom
Jesscn, rushing chairman; Lee An
drews, secretary.
Charlie Sandbcrg, president;
George Weintz, vice-president; Ir
win Johnson, social chairman; Tom
Jesscn, rushing chairman; Lee An
drews, secretary.
Charlie Sandbcrg, president;
George Weintz, vice-president; Ir
win Johnson, social chairman; Tom
Jesscn, rushing chairman; Lee An
drews, secretary.
Charlie Sandbcrg, president;
George Weintz, vice-president; Ir
win Johnson, social chairman; Tom
Jesscn, rushing chairman; Lee An
drews, secretary.
Charlie Sandbcrg, president;
George Weintz, vice-president; Ir
win Johnson, social chairman; Tom
Jesscn, rushing chairman; Lee An
drews, secretary.
