# Off-Campus Clubs To Host Faculty
## 
### 
Nine men and women of the ad
ministration will be guests at Hie
Off - Campus Women's and Men.
clubs at a luncheon today in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house.
Dean of Students H. Donald Win
bigler will introduce the other visi
tors: Miss Elva Brown, chief coun
selor for women; Richard Loring
Balch, chief counselor for men,
Harvey Hall, registrar; Rixford K.
Snyder, director of admissions;
Werner Warmbrunn, foreign stu
dents' adviser; and John D. Black,
director of counseling and testing
center.
Miss Adcle Strogen, assistant
counselor for women, and Robert
Huff, assistant counselor for men,
advisers to the Off-Campus Wom
en's and Men's clubs, respectively,
will also attend.
Nine men and women of the ad
ministration will be guests at Hie
Off - Campus Women's and Men.
clubs at a luncheon today in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house.
Dean of Students H. Donald Win
bigler will introduce the other visi
tors: Miss Elva Brown, chief coun
selor for women; Richard Loring
Balch, chief counselor for men,
Harvey Hall, registrar; Rixford K.
Snyder, director of admissions;
Werner Warmbrunn, foreign stu
dents' adviser; and John D. Black,
director of counseling and testing
center.
Miss Adcle Strogen, assistant
counselor for women, and Robert
Huff, assistant counselor for men,
advisers to the Off-Campus Wom
en's and Men's clubs, respectively,
will also attend.
Nine men and women of the ad
ministration will be guests at Hie
Off - Campus Women's and Men.
clubs at a luncheon today in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house.
Dean of Students H. Donald Win
bigler will introduce the other visi
tors: Miss Elva Brown, chief coun
selor for women; Richard Loring
Balch, chief counselor for men,
Harvey Hall, registrar; Rixford K.
Snyder, director of admissions;
Werner Warmbrunn, foreign stu
dents' adviser; and John D. Black,
director of counseling and testing
center.
Miss Adcle Strogen, assistant
counselor for women, and Robert
Huff, assistant counselor for men,
advisers to the Off-Campus Wom
en's and Men's clubs, respectively,
will also attend.
Nine men and women of the ad
ministration will be guests at Hie
Off - Campus Women's and Men.
clubs at a luncheon today in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house.
Dean of Students H. Donald Win
bigler will introduce the other visi
tors: Miss Elva Brown, chief coun
selor for women; Richard Loring
Balch, chief counselor for men,
Harvey Hall, registrar; Rixford K.
Snyder, director of admissions;
Werner Warmbrunn, foreign stu
dents' adviser; and John D. Black,
director of counseling and testing
center.
Miss Adcle Strogen, assistant
counselor for women, and Robert
Huff, assistant counselor for men,
advisers to the Off-Campus Wom
en's and Men's clubs, respectively,
will also attend.
Nine men and women of the ad
ministration will be guests at Hie
Off - Campus Women's and Men.
clubs at a luncheon today in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house.
Dean of Students H. Donald Win
bigler will introduce the other visi
tors: Miss Elva Brown, chief coun
selor for women; Richard Loring
Balch, chief counselor for men,
Harvey Hall, registrar; Rixford K.
Snyder, director of admissions;
Werner Warmbrunn, foreign stu
dents' adviser; and John D. Black,
director of counseling and testing
center.
Miss Adcle Strogen, assistant
counselor for women, and Robert
Huff, assistant counselor for men,
advisers to the Off-Campus Wom
en's and Men's clubs, respectively,
will also attend.
Nine men and women of the ad
ministration will be guests at Hie
Off - Campus Women's and Men.
clubs at a luncheon today in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house.
Dean of Students H. Donald Win
bigler will introduce the other visi
tors: Miss Elva Brown, chief coun
selor for women; Richard Loring
Balch, chief counselor for men,
Harvey Hall, registrar; Rixford K.
Snyder, director of admissions;
Werner Warmbrunn, foreign stu
dents' adviser; and John D. Black,
director of counseling and testing
center.
Miss Adcle Strogen, assistant
counselor for women, and Robert
Huff, assistant counselor for men,
advisers to the Off-Campus Wom
en's and Men's clubs, respectively,
will also attend.
Nine men and women of the ad
ministration will be guests at Hie
Off - Campus Women's and Men.
clubs at a luncheon today in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house.
Dean of Students H. Donald Win
bigler will introduce the other visi
tors: Miss Elva Brown, chief coun
selor for women; Richard Loring
Balch, chief counselor for men,
Harvey Hall, registrar; Rixford K.
Snyder, director of admissions;
Werner Warmbrunn, foreign stu
dents' adviser; and John D. Black,
director of counseling and testing
center.
Miss Adcle Strogen, assistant
counselor for women, and Robert
Huff, assistant counselor for men,
advisers to the Off-Campus Wom
en's and Men's clubs, respectively,
will also attend.
Nine men and women of the ad
ministration will be guests at Hie
Off - Campus Women's and Men.
clubs at a luncheon today in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house.
Dean of Students H. Donald Win
bigler will introduce the other visi
tors: Miss Elva Brown, chief coun
selor for women; Richard Loring
Balch, chief counselor for men,
Harvey Hall, registrar; Rixford K.
Snyder, director of admissions;
Werner Warmbrunn, foreign stu
dents' adviser; and John D. Black,
director of counseling and testing
center.
Miss Adcle Strogen, assistant
counselor for women, and Robert
Huff, assistant counselor for men,
advisers to the Off-Campus Wom
en's and Men's clubs, respectively,
will also attend.
Nine men and women of the ad
ministration will be guests at Hie
Off - Campus Women's and Men.
clubs at a luncheon today in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house.
Dean of Students H. Donald Win
bigler will introduce the other visi
tors: Miss Elva Brown, chief coun
selor for women; Richard Loring
Balch, chief counselor for men,
Harvey Hall, registrar; Rixford K.
Snyder, director of admissions;
Werner Warmbrunn, foreign stu
dents' adviser; and John D. Black,
director of counseling and testing
center.
Miss Adcle Strogen, assistant
counselor for women, and Robert
Huff, assistant counselor for men,
advisers to the Off-Campus Wom
en's and Men's clubs, respectively,
will also attend.
Nine men and women of the ad
ministration will be guests at Hie
Off - Campus Women's and Men.
clubs at a luncheon today in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house.
Dean of Students H. Donald Win
bigler will introduce the other visi
tors: Miss Elva Brown, chief coun
selor for women; Richard Loring
Balch, chief counselor for men,
Harvey Hall, registrar; Rixford K.
Snyder, director of admissions;
Werner Warmbrunn, foreign stu
dents' adviser; and John D. Black,
director of counseling and testing
center.
Miss Adcle Strogen, assistant
counselor for women, and Robert
Huff, assistant counselor for men,
advisers to the Off-Campus Wom
en's and Men's clubs, respectively,
will also attend.
Nine men and women of the ad
ministration will be guests at Hie
Off - Campus Women's and Men.
clubs at a luncheon today in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house.
Dean of Students H. Donald Win
bigler will introduce the other visi
tors: Miss Elva Brown, chief coun
selor for women; Richard Loring
Balch, chief counselor for men,
Harvey Hall, registrar; Rixford K.
Snyder, director of admissions;
Werner Warmbrunn, foreign stu
dents' adviser; and John D. Black,
director of counseling and testing
center.
Miss Adcle Strogen, assistant
counselor for women, and Robert
Huff, assistant counselor for men,
advisers to the Off-Campus Wom
en's and Men's clubs, respectively,
will also attend.
Nine men and women of the ad
ministration will be guests at Hie
Off - Campus Women's and Men.
clubs at a luncheon today in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house.
Dean of Students H. Donald Win
bigler will introduce the other visi
tors: Miss Elva Brown, chief coun
selor for women; Richard Loring
Balch, chief counselor for men,
Harvey Hall, registrar; Rixford K.
Snyder, director of admissions;
Werner Warmbrunn, foreign stu
dents' adviser; and John D. Black,
director of counseling and testing
center.
Miss Adcle Strogen, assistant
counselor for women, and Robert
Huff, assistant counselor for men,
advisers to the Off-Campus Wom
en's and Men's clubs, respectively,
will also attend.
Nine men and women of the ad
ministration will be guests at Hie
Off - Campus Women's and Men.
clubs at a luncheon today in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house.
Dean of Students H. Donald Win
bigler will introduce the other visi
tors: Miss Elva Brown, chief coun
selor for women; Richard Loring
Balch, chief counselor for men,
Harvey Hall, registrar; Rixford K.
Snyder, director of admissions;
Werner Warmbrunn, foreign stu
dents' adviser; and John D. Black,
director of counseling and testing
center.
Miss Adcle Strogen, assistant
counselor for women, and Robert
Huff, assistant counselor for men,
advisers to the Off-Campus Wom
en's and Men's clubs, respectively,
will also attend.
Nine men and women of the ad
ministration will be guests at Hie
Off - Campus Women's and Men.
clubs at a luncheon today in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house.
Dean of Students H. Donald Win
bigler will introduce the other visi
tors: Miss Elva Brown, chief coun
selor for women; Richard Loring
Balch, chief counselor for men,
Harvey Hall, registrar; Rixford K.
Snyder, director of admissions;
Werner Warmbrunn, foreign stu
dents' adviser; and John D. Black,
director of counseling and testing
center.
Miss Adcle Strogen, assistant
counselor for women, and Robert
Huff, assistant counselor for men,
advisers to the Off-Campus Wom
en's and Men's clubs, respectively,
will also attend.
Nine men and women of the ad
ministration will be guests at Hie
Off - Campus Women's and Men.
clubs at a luncheon today in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house.
Dean of Students H. Donald Win
bigler will introduce the other visi
tors: Miss Elva Brown, chief coun
selor for women; Richard Loring
Balch, chief counselor for men,
Harvey Hall, registrar; Rixford K.
Snyder, director of admissions;
Werner Warmbrunn, foreign stu
dents' adviser; and John D. Black,
director of counseling and testing
center.
Miss Adcle Strogen, assistant
counselor for women, and Robert
Huff, assistant counselor for men,
advisers to the Off-Campus Wom
en's and Men's clubs, respectively,
will also attend.
