# Untitled Article
## 
### 

DR. ROBERT R. NEWELL, Stanford
radiologist and authority on
radiation tolerance, disclosed in
San Francisco that not even ex
perts in the radiation field can
agree on how much radiation the
human body can stand and still
survive. Dr. Newell has hinted
that he would be happy to accept
volunteers for radiation tolerance
tests. To date he has had only "a
few" applications.

DR. ROBERT R. NEWELL, Stanford
radiologist and authority on
radiation tolerance, disclosed in
San Francisco that not even ex
perts in the radiation field can
agree on how much radiation the
human body can stand and still
survive. Dr. Newell has hinted
that he would be happy to accept
volunteers for radiation tolerance
tests. To date he has had only "a
few" applications.

DR. ROBERT R. NEWELL, Stanford
radiologist and authority on
radiation tolerance, disclosed in
San Francisco that not even ex
perts in the radiation field can
agree on how much radiation the
human body can stand and still
survive. Dr. Newell has hinted
that he would be happy to accept
volunteers for radiation tolerance
tests. To date he has had only "a
few" applications.

DR. ROBERT R. NEWELL, Stanford
radiologist and authority on
radiation tolerance, disclosed in
San Francisco that not even ex
perts in the radiation field can
agree on how much radiation the
human body can stand and still
survive. Dr. Newell has hinted
that he would be happy to accept
volunteers for radiation tolerance
tests. To date he has had only "a
few" applications.

DR. ROBERT R. NEWELL, Stanford
radiologist and authority on
radiation tolerance, disclosed in
San Francisco that not even ex
perts in the radiation field can
agree on how much radiation the
human body can stand and still
survive. Dr. Newell has hinted
that he would be happy to accept
volunteers for radiation tolerance
tests. To date he has had only "a
few" applications.

DR. ROBERT R. NEWELL, Stanford
radiologist and authority on
radiation tolerance, disclosed in
San Francisco that not even ex
perts in the radiation field can
agree on how much radiation the
human body can stand and still
survive. Dr. Newell has hinted
that he would be happy to accept
volunteers for radiation tolerance
tests. To date he has had only "a
few" applications.

DR. ROBERT R. NEWELL, Stanford
radiologist and authority on
radiation tolerance, disclosed in
San Francisco that not even ex
perts in the radiation field can
agree on how much radiation the
human body can stand and still
survive. Dr. Newell has hinted
that he would be happy to accept
volunteers for radiation tolerance
tests. To date he has had only "a
few" applications.

DR. ROBERT R. NEWELL, Stanford
radiologist and authority on
radiation tolerance, disclosed in
San Francisco that not even ex
perts in the radiation field can
agree on how much radiation the
human body can stand and still
survive. Dr. Newell has hinted
that he would be happy to accept
volunteers for radiation tolerance
tests. To date he has had only "a
few" applications.

DR. ROBERT R. NEWELL, Stanford
radiologist and authority on
radiation tolerance, disclosed in
San Francisco that not even ex
perts in the radiation field can
agree on how much radiation the
human body can stand and still
survive. Dr. Newell has hinted
that he would be happy to accept
volunteers for radiation tolerance
tests. To date he has had only "a
few" applications.

DR. ROBERT R. NEWELL, Stanford
radiologist and authority on
radiation tolerance, disclosed in
San Francisco that not even ex
perts in the radiation field can
agree on how much radiation the
human body can stand and still
survive. Dr. Newell has hinted
that he would be happy to accept
volunteers for radiation tolerance
tests. To date he has had only "a
few" applications.

DR. ROBERT R. NEWELL, Stanford
radiologist and authority on
radiation tolerance, disclosed in
San Francisco that not even ex
perts in the radiation field can
agree on how much radiation the
human body can stand and still
survive. Dr. Newell has hinted
that he would be happy to accept
volunteers for radiation tolerance
tests. To date he has had only "a
few" applications.

DR. ROBERT R. NEWELL, Stanford
radiologist and authority on
radiation tolerance, disclosed in
San Francisco that not even ex
perts in the radiation field can
agree on how much radiation the
human body can stand and still
survive. Dr. Newell has hinted
that he would be happy to accept
volunteers for radiation tolerance
tests. To date he has had only "a
few" applications.

DR. ROBERT R. NEWELL, Stanford
radiologist and authority on
radiation tolerance, disclosed in
San Francisco that not even ex
perts in the radiation field can
agree on how much radiation the
human body can stand and still
survive. Dr. Newell has hinted
that he would be happy to accept
volunteers for radiation tolerance
tests. To date he has had only "a
few" applications.

DR. ROBERT R. NEWELL, Stanford
radiologist and authority on
radiation tolerance, disclosed in
San Francisco that not even ex
perts in the radiation field can
agree on how much radiation the
human body can stand and still
survive. Dr. Newell has hinted
that he would be happy to accept
volunteers for radiation tolerance
tests. To date he has had only "a
few" applications.
