# LETTERS
## 
### 
Light on fraternities
Those who have so intently peered
through magnifying glasses at Stan
ford fraternities during the past year
or have so gleefully reported the
sighting of warts and wrinkles —
some of them more unsightly than
others — hut regardless, we hear
about them. I imagine that if a mi
croscope were used, the blemishes
wpuld appear even more huge and
ghastly, and I wouldn't doubt that
Stanford and neighboring communit

ies would be put on "red alert."
Just suppose we were to train
spotlights on other elements and
sectors of the University community
— eating clubs, freshman dorms.
Structured Liberal Education, the
Athletic Department, undergraduate
advising, the freshman writing pro
gram. undergraduate admissions,
theme houses. Facilities and
Services. Cowell Health Center,
oudoor art. residence advising. The
Daily or even Residential Education
itself. Would we see warts and

wrinkles? You can count on it — and
some would be more unsightly than
others.
Magnifying glasses, microscopes
and spotlights can help reveal ir
regularities in the pattern of the
patchwork quilt of academic, social
and administrative collectives that
make up the Stanford community.
With thoughtfulness, ingenuity,
patience and support we can restitch
areas that are damaged or worn to
keep the patches tightly intercon
nected. thus preserving the beauty of

the colorful contrasts. Or, we can
become so horrified by the ugly
images we see under the magnifying
lens that — with haste, bitterness,
contempt and myopia — we begin
ripping out blemished patches.
The quilt becomes smaller and less
colorful. And we lose the chance to
demonstrate the creativity, unity and
freedom that once characterized this
great university.
Keith Light
Associate Director of Admissions
Chapter adviser, Sigma Chi
Light on fraternities
Those who have so intently peered
through magnifying glasses at Stan
ford fraternities during the past year
or have so gleefully reported the
sighting of warts and wrinkles —
some of them more unsightly than
others — hut regardless, we hear
about them. I imagine that if a mi
croscope were used, the blemishes
wpuld appear even more huge and
ghastly, and I wouldn't doubt that
Stanford and neighboring communit

ies would be put on "red alert."
Just suppose we were to train
spotlights on other elements and
sectors of the University community
— eating clubs, freshman dorms.
Structured Liberal Education, the
Athletic Department, undergraduate
advising, the freshman writing pro
gram. undergraduate admissions,
theme houses. Facilities and
Services. Cowell Health Center,
oudoor art. residence advising. The
Daily or even Residential Education
itself. Would we see warts and

wrinkles? You can count on it — and
some would be more unsightly than
others.
Magnifying glasses, microscopes
and spotlights can help reveal ir
regularities in the pattern of the
patchwork quilt of academic, social
and administrative collectives that
make up the Stanford community.
With thoughtfulness, ingenuity,
patience and support we can restitch
areas that are damaged or worn to
keep the patches tightly intercon
nected. thus preserving the beauty of

the colorful contrasts. Or, we can
become so horrified by the ugly
images we see under the magnifying
lens that — with haste, bitterness,
contempt and myopia — we begin
ripping out blemished patches.
The quilt becomes smaller and less
colorful. And we lose the chance to
demonstrate the creativity, unity and
freedom that once characterized this
great university.
Keith Light
Associate Director of Admissions
Chapter adviser, Sigma Chi
Light on fraternities
Those who have so intently peered
through magnifying glasses at Stan
ford fraternities during the past year
or have so gleefully reported the
sighting of warts and wrinkles —
some of them more unsightly than
others — hut regardless, we hear
about them. I imagine that if a mi
croscope were used, the blemishes
wpuld appear even more huge and
ghastly, and I wouldn't doubt that
Stanford and neighboring communit

ies would be put on "red alert."
Just suppose we were to train
spotlights on other elements and
sectors of the University community
— eating clubs, freshman dorms.
Structured Liberal Education, the
Athletic Department, undergraduate
advising, the freshman writing pro
gram. undergraduate admissions,
theme houses. Facilities and
Services. Cowell Health Center,
oudoor art. residence advising. The
Daily or even Residential Education
itself. Would we see warts and

wrinkles? You can count on it — and
some would be more unsightly than
others.
Magnifying glasses, microscopes
and spotlights can help reveal ir
regularities in the pattern of the
patchwork quilt of academic, social
and administrative collectives that
make up the Stanford community.
With thoughtfulness, ingenuity,
patience and support we can restitch
areas that are damaged or worn to
keep the patches tightly intercon
nected. thus preserving the beauty of

the colorful contrasts. Or, we can
become so horrified by the ugly
images we see under the magnifying
lens that — with haste, bitterness,
contempt and myopia — we begin
ripping out blemished patches.
The quilt becomes smaller and less
colorful. And we lose the chance to
demonstrate the creativity, unity and
freedom that once characterized this
great university.
Keith Light
Associate Director of Admissions
Chapter adviser, Sigma Chi
Light on fraternities
Those who have so intently peered
through magnifying glasses at Stan
ford fraternities during the past year
or have so gleefully reported the
sighting of warts and wrinkles —
some of them more unsightly than
others — hut regardless, we hear
about them. I imagine that if a mi
croscope were used, the blemishes
wpuld appear even more huge and
ghastly, and I wouldn't doubt that
Stanford and neighboring communit

ies would be put on "red alert."
Just suppose we were to train
spotlights on other elements and
sectors of the University community
— eating clubs, freshman dorms.
Structured Liberal Education, the
Athletic Department, undergraduate
advising, the freshman writing pro
gram. undergraduate admissions,
theme houses. Facilities and
Services. Cowell Health Center,
oudoor art. residence advising. The
Daily or even Residential Education
itself. Would we see warts and

wrinkles? You can count on it — and
some would be more unsightly than
others.
Magnifying glasses, microscopes
and spotlights can help reveal ir
regularities in the pattern of the
patchwork quilt of academic, social
and administrative collectives that
make up the Stanford community.
With thoughtfulness, ingenuity,
patience and support we can restitch
areas that are damaged or worn to
keep the patches tightly intercon
nected. thus preserving the beauty of

the colorful contrasts. Or, we can
become so horrified by the ugly
images we see under the magnifying
lens that — with haste, bitterness,
contempt and myopia — we begin
ripping out blemished patches.
The quilt becomes smaller and less
colorful. And we lose the chance to
demonstrate the creativity, unity and
freedom that once characterized this
great university.
Keith Light
Associate Director of Admissions
Chapter adviser, Sigma Chi
Light on fraternities
Those who have so intently peered
through magnifying glasses at Stan
ford fraternities during the past year
or have so gleefully reported the
sighting of warts and wrinkles —
some of them more unsightly than
others — hut regardless, we hear
about them. I imagine that if a mi
croscope were used, the blemishes
wpuld appear even more huge and
ghastly, and I wouldn't doubt that
Stanford and neighboring communit

ies would be put on "red alert."
Just suppose we were to train
spotlights on other elements and
sectors of the University community
— eating clubs, freshman dorms.
Structured Liberal Education, the
Athletic Department, undergraduate
advising, the freshman writing pro
gram. undergraduate admissions,
theme houses. Facilities and
Services. Cowell Health Center,
oudoor art. residence advising. The
Daily or even Residential Education
itself. Would we see warts and

wrinkles? You can count on it — and
some would be more unsightly than
others.
Magnifying glasses, microscopes
and spotlights can help reveal ir
regularities in the pattern of the
patchwork quilt of academic, social
and administrative collectives that
make up the Stanford community.
With thoughtfulness, ingenuity,
patience and support we can restitch
areas that are damaged or worn to
keep the patches tightly intercon
nected. thus preserving the beauty of

the colorful contrasts. Or, we can
become so horrified by the ugly
images we see under the magnifying
lens that — with haste, bitterness,
contempt and myopia — we begin
ripping out blemished patches.
The quilt becomes smaller and less
colorful. And we lose the chance to
demonstrate the creativity, unity and
freedom that once characterized this
great university.
Keith Light
Associate Director of Admissions
Chapter adviser, Sigma Chi
Light on fraternities
Those who have so intently peered
through magnifying glasses at Stan
ford fraternities during the past year
or have so gleefully reported the
sighting of warts and wrinkles —
some of them more unsightly than
others — hut regardless, we hear
about them. I imagine that if a mi
croscope were used, the blemishes
wpuld appear even more huge and
ghastly, and I wouldn't doubt that
Stanford and neighboring communit

ies would be put on "red alert."
Just suppose we were to train
spotlights on other elements and
sectors of the University community
— eating clubs, freshman dorms.
Structured Liberal Education, the
Athletic Department, undergraduate
advising, the freshman writing pro
gram. undergraduate admissions,
theme houses. Facilities and
Services. Cowell Health Center,
oudoor art. residence advising. The
Daily or even Residential Education
itself. Would we see warts and

wrinkles? You can count on it — and
some would be more unsightly than
others.
Magnifying glasses, microscopes
and spotlights can help reveal ir
regularities in the pattern of the
patchwork quilt of academic, social
and administrative collectives that
make up the Stanford community.
With thoughtfulness, ingenuity,
patience and support we can restitch
areas that are damaged or worn to
keep the patches tightly intercon
nected. thus preserving the beauty of

the colorful contrasts. Or, we can
become so horrified by the ugly
images we see under the magnifying
lens that — with haste, bitterness,
contempt and myopia — we begin
ripping out blemished patches.
The quilt becomes smaller and less
colorful. And we lose the chance to
demonstrate the creativity, unity and
freedom that once characterized this
great university.
Keith Light
Associate Director of Admissions
Chapter adviser, Sigma Chi
Light on fraternities
Those who have so intently peered
through magnifying glasses at Stan
ford fraternities during the past year
or have so gleefully reported the
sighting of warts and wrinkles —
some of them more unsightly than
others — hut regardless, we hear
about them. I imagine that if a mi
croscope were used, the blemishes
wpuld appear even more huge and
ghastly, and I wouldn't doubt that
Stanford and neighboring communit

ies would be put on "red alert."
Just suppose we were to train
spotlights on other elements and
sectors of the University community
— eating clubs, freshman dorms.
Structured Liberal Education, the
Athletic Department, undergraduate
advising, the freshman writing pro
gram. undergraduate admissions,
theme houses. Facilities and
Services. Cowell Health Center,
oudoor art. residence advising. The
Daily or even Residential Education
itself. Would we see warts and

wrinkles? You can count on it — and
some would be more unsightly than
others.
Magnifying glasses, microscopes
and spotlights can help reveal ir
regularities in the pattern of the
patchwork quilt of academic, social
and administrative collectives that
make up the Stanford community.
With thoughtfulness, ingenuity,
patience and support we can restitch
areas that are damaged or worn to
keep the patches tightly intercon
nected. thus preserving the beauty of

the colorful contrasts. Or, we can
become so horrified by the ugly
images we see under the magnifying
lens that — with haste, bitterness,
contempt and myopia — we begin
ripping out blemished patches.
The quilt becomes smaller and less
colorful. And we lose the chance to
demonstrate the creativity, unity and
freedom that once characterized this
great university.
Keith Light
Associate Director of Admissions
Chapter adviser, Sigma Chi
Light on fraternities
Those who have so intently peered
through magnifying glasses at Stan
ford fraternities during the past year
or have so gleefully reported the
sighting of warts and wrinkles —
some of them more unsightly than
others — hut regardless, we hear
about them. I imagine that if a mi
croscope were used, the blemishes
wpuld appear even more huge and
ghastly, and I wouldn't doubt that
Stanford and neighboring communit

ies would be put on "red alert."
Just suppose we were to train
spotlights on other elements and
sectors of the University community
— eating clubs, freshman dorms.
Structured Liberal Education, the
Athletic Department, undergraduate
advising, the freshman writing pro
gram. undergraduate admissions,
theme houses. Facilities and
Services. Cowell Health Center,
oudoor art. residence advising. The
Daily or even Residential Education
itself. Would we see warts and

wrinkles? You can count on it — and
some would be more unsightly than
others.
Magnifying glasses, microscopes
and spotlights can help reveal ir
regularities in the pattern of the
patchwork quilt of academic, social
and administrative collectives that
make up the Stanford community.
With thoughtfulness, ingenuity,
patience and support we can restitch
areas that are damaged or worn to
keep the patches tightly intercon
nected. thus preserving the beauty of

the colorful contrasts. Or, we can
become so horrified by the ugly
images we see under the magnifying
lens that — with haste, bitterness,
contempt and myopia — we begin
ripping out blemished patches.
The quilt becomes smaller and less
colorful. And we lose the chance to
demonstrate the creativity, unity and
freedom that once characterized this
great university.
Keith Light
Associate Director of Admissions
Chapter adviser, Sigma Chi
