# Fraternity Games Yesterday.
## 
### 
Fraternity games yesterday resulted
as follows:
Theta Delta Chi, 21; Zeta Psi, 1.
Chi Psi won from Sigma Nu by de
fault.
Fraternity games yesterday resulted
as follows:
Theta Delta Chi, 21; Zeta Psi, 1.
Chi Psi won from Sigma Nu by de
fault.
Fraternity games yesterday resulted
as follows:
Theta Delta Chi, 21; Zeta Psi, 1.
Chi Psi won from Sigma Nu by de
fault.
Fraternity games yesterday resulted
as follows:
Theta Delta Chi, 21; Zeta Psi, 1.
Chi Psi won from Sigma Nu by de
fault.
Fraternity games yesterday resulted
as follows:
Theta Delta Chi, 21; Zeta Psi, 1.
Chi Psi won from Sigma Nu by de
fault.
Fraternity games yesterday resulted
as follows:
Theta Delta Chi, 21; Zeta Psi, 1.
Chi Psi won from Sigma Nu by de
fault.
Fraternity games yesterday resulted
as follows:
Theta Delta Chi, 21; Zeta Psi, 1.
Chi Psi won from Sigma Nu by de
fault.
Fraternity games yesterday resulted
as follows:
Theta Delta Chi, 21; Zeta Psi, 1.
Chi Psi won from Sigma Nu by de
fault.
Fraternity games yesterday resulted
as follows:
Theta Delta Chi, 21; Zeta Psi, 1.
Chi Psi won from Sigma Nu by de
fault.
Fraternity games yesterday resulted
as follows:
Theta Delta Chi, 21; Zeta Psi, 1.
Chi Psi won from Sigma Nu by de
fault.
