# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
<0 INDIANS^
■ B
B To prove the
super-superior
»is quality, the m
™ outstandingly
| unbeatable styles
n of our sportcoats, n
unbelievably
W kindhearted R A
0| wants you to have fl|
0 one for the
unequalled low
price of $28.
112 Aren't you
jg overwhelmingly
pleased?
1 u
■ a
: emmmf
<0 INDIANS^
■ B
B To prove the
super-superior
»is quality, the m
™ outstandingly
| unbeatable styles
n of our sportcoats, n
unbelievably
W kindhearted R A
0| wants you to have fl|
0 one for the
unequalled low
price of $28.
112 Aren't you
jg overwhelmingly
pleased?
1 u
■ a
: emmmf
<0 INDIANS^
■ B
B To prove the
super-superior
»is quality, the m
™ outstandingly
| unbeatable styles
n of our sportcoats, n
unbelievably
W kindhearted R A
0| wants you to have fl|
0 one for the
unequalled low
price of $28.
112 Aren't you
jg overwhelmingly
pleased?
1 u
■ a
: emmmf
<0 INDIANS^
■ B
B To prove the
super-superior
»is quality, the m
™ outstandingly
| unbeatable styles
n of our sportcoats, n
unbelievably
W kindhearted R A
0| wants you to have fl|
0 one for the
unequalled low
price of $28.
112 Aren't you
jg overwhelmingly
pleased?
1 u
■ a
: emmmf
<0 INDIANS^
■ B
B To prove the
super-superior
»is quality, the m
™ outstandingly
| unbeatable styles
n of our sportcoats, n
unbelievably
W kindhearted R A
0| wants you to have fl|
0 one for the
unequalled low
price of $28.
112 Aren't you
jg overwhelmingly
pleased?
1 u
■ a
: emmmf
<0 INDIANS^
■ B
B To prove the
super-superior
»is quality, the m
™ outstandingly
| unbeatable styles
n of our sportcoats, n
unbelievably
W kindhearted R A
0| wants you to have fl|
0 one for the
unequalled low
price of $28.
112 Aren't you
jg overwhelmingly
pleased?
1 u
■ a
: emmmf
<0 INDIANS^
■ B
B To prove the
super-superior
»is quality, the m
™ outstandingly
| unbeatable styles
n of our sportcoats, n
unbelievably
W kindhearted R A
0| wants you to have fl|
0 one for the
unequalled low
price of $28.
112 Aren't you
jg overwhelmingly
pleased?
1 u
■ a
: emmmf
<0 INDIANS^
■ B
B To prove the
super-superior
»is quality, the m
™ outstandingly
| unbeatable styles
n of our sportcoats, n
unbelievably
W kindhearted R A
0| wants you to have fl|
0 one for the
unequalled low
price of $28.
112 Aren't you
jg overwhelmingly
pleased?
1 u
■ a
: emmmf
<0 INDIANS^
■ B
B To prove the
super-superior
»is quality, the m
™ outstandingly
| unbeatable styles
n of our sportcoats, n
unbelievably
W kindhearted R A
0| wants you to have fl|
0 one for the
unequalled low
price of $28.
112 Aren't you
jg overwhelmingly
pleased?
1 u
■ a
: emmmf
<0 INDIANS^
■ B
B To prove the
super-superior
»is quality, the m
™ outstandingly
| unbeatable styles
n of our sportcoats, n
unbelievably
W kindhearted R A
0| wants you to have fl|
0 one for the
unequalled low
price of $28.
112 Aren't you
jg overwhelmingly
pleased?
1 u
■ a
: emmmf
<0 INDIANS^
■ B
B To prove the
super-superior
»is quality, the m
™ outstandingly
| unbeatable styles
n of our sportcoats, n
unbelievably
W kindhearted R A
0| wants you to have fl|
0 one for the
unequalled low
price of $28.
112 Aren't you
jg overwhelmingly
pleased?
1 u
■ a
: emmmf
<0 INDIANS^
■ B
B To prove the
super-superior
»is quality, the m
™ outstandingly
| unbeatable styles
n of our sportcoats, n
unbelievably
W kindhearted R A
0| wants you to have fl|
0 one for the
unequalled low
price of $28.
112 Aren't you
jg overwhelmingly
pleased?
1 u
■ a
: emmmf
<0 INDIANS^
■ B
B To prove the
super-superior
»is quality, the m
™ outstandingly
| unbeatable styles
n of our sportcoats, n
unbelievably
W kindhearted R A
0| wants you to have fl|
0 one for the
unequalled low
price of $28.
112 Aren't you
jg overwhelmingly
pleased?
1 u
■ a
: emmmf
<0 INDIANS^
■ B
B To prove the
super-superior
»is quality, the m
™ outstandingly
| unbeatable styles
n of our sportcoats, n
unbelievably
W kindhearted R A
0| wants you to have fl|
0 one for the
unequalled low
price of $28.
112 Aren't you
jg overwhelmingly
pleased?
1 u
■ a
: emmmf
<0 INDIANS^
■ B
B To prove the
super-superior
»is quality, the m
™ outstandingly
| unbeatable styles
n of our sportcoats, n
unbelievably
W kindhearted R A
0| wants you to have fl|
0 one for the
unequalled low
price of $28.
112 Aren't you
jg overwhelmingly
pleased?
1 u
■ a
: emmmf
<0 INDIANS^
■ B
B To prove the
super-superior
»is quality, the m
™ outstandingly
| unbeatable styles
n of our sportcoats, n
unbelievably
W kindhearted R A
0| wants you to have fl|
0 one for the
unequalled low
price of $28.
112 Aren't you
jg overwhelmingly
pleased?
1 u
■ a
: emmmf
<0 INDIANS^
■ B
B To prove the
super-superior
»is quality, the m
™ outstandingly
| unbeatable styles
n of our sportcoats, n
unbelievably
W kindhearted R A
0| wants you to have fl|
0 one for the
unequalled low
price of $28.
112 Aren't you
jg overwhelmingly
pleased?
1 u
■ a
: emmmf
<0 INDIANS^
■ B
B To prove the
super-superior
»is quality, the m
™ outstandingly
| unbeatable styles
n of our sportcoats, n
unbelievably
W kindhearted R A
0| wants you to have fl|
0 one for the
unequalled low
price of $28.
112 Aren't you
jg overwhelmingly
pleased?
1 u
■ a
: emmmf
