# CAP AND GOWN DANCE OPEN TO ALL COMERS
## 
### 
Everyone is welcome to the Cap and
Gown dance which is en event of next
Friday evening, It is not an invited
affair as has been believed by many,
but distinctly an all-campus dance
which will be akin to a jolly-up in its
informal nature.
Lissner's four-piece orchestra will be
the "life-giver" of the evening. "Jack"
Kegley will not come down from Ber
keley as was previously announced.
Everyone is welcome to the Cap and
Gown dance which is en event of next
Friday evening, It is not an invited
affair as has been believed by many,
but distinctly an all-campus dance
which will be akin to a jolly-up in its
informal nature.
Lissner's four-piece orchestra will be
the "life-giver" of the evening. "Jack"
Kegley will not come down from Ber
keley as was previously announced.
Everyone is welcome to the Cap and
Gown dance which is en event of next
Friday evening, It is not an invited
affair as has been believed by many,
but distinctly an all-campus dance
which will be akin to a jolly-up in its
informal nature.
Lissner's four-piece orchestra will be
the "life-giver" of the evening. "Jack"
Kegley will not come down from Ber
keley as was previously announced.
Everyone is welcome to the Cap and
Gown dance which is en event of next
Friday evening, It is not an invited
affair as has been believed by many,
but distinctly an all-campus dance
which will be akin to a jolly-up in its
informal nature.
Lissner's four-piece orchestra will be
the "life-giver" of the evening. "Jack"
Kegley will not come down from Ber
keley as was previously announced.
Everyone is welcome to the Cap and
Gown dance which is en event of next
Friday evening, It is not an invited
affair as has been believed by many,
but distinctly an all-campus dance
which will be akin to a jolly-up in its
informal nature.
Lissner's four-piece orchestra will be
the "life-giver" of the evening. "Jack"
Kegley will not come down from Ber
keley as was previously announced.
Everyone is welcome to the Cap and
Gown dance which is en event of next
Friday evening, It is not an invited
affair as has been believed by many,
but distinctly an all-campus dance
which will be akin to a jolly-up in its
informal nature.
Lissner's four-piece orchestra will be
the "life-giver" of the evening. "Jack"
Kegley will not come down from Ber
keley as was previously announced.
Everyone is welcome to the Cap and
Gown dance which is en event of next
Friday evening, It is not an invited
affair as has been believed by many,
but distinctly an all-campus dance
which will be akin to a jolly-up in its
informal nature.
Lissner's four-piece orchestra will be
the "life-giver" of the evening. "Jack"
Kegley will not come down from Ber
keley as was previously announced.
Everyone is welcome to the Cap and
Gown dance which is en event of next
Friday evening, It is not an invited
affair as has been believed by many,
but distinctly an all-campus dance
which will be akin to a jolly-up in its
informal nature.
Lissner's four-piece orchestra will be
the "life-giver" of the evening. "Jack"
Kegley will not come down from Ber
keley as was previously announced.
Everyone is welcome to the Cap and
Gown dance which is en event of next
Friday evening, It is not an invited
affair as has been believed by many,
but distinctly an all-campus dance
which will be akin to a jolly-up in its
informal nature.
Lissner's four-piece orchestra will be
the "life-giver" of the evening. "Jack"
Kegley will not come down from Ber
keley as was previously announced.
Everyone is welcome to the Cap and
Gown dance which is en event of next
Friday evening, It is not an invited
affair as has been believed by many,
but distinctly an all-campus dance
which will be akin to a jolly-up in its
informal nature.
Lissner's four-piece orchestra will be
the "life-giver" of the evening. "Jack"
Kegley will not come down from Ber
keley as was previously announced.
Everyone is welcome to the Cap and
Gown dance which is en event of next
Friday evening, It is not an invited
affair as has been believed by many,
but distinctly an all-campus dance
which will be akin to a jolly-up in its
informal nature.
Lissner's four-piece orchestra will be
the "life-giver" of the evening. "Jack"
Kegley will not come down from Ber
keley as was previously announced.
Everyone is welcome to the Cap and
Gown dance which is en event of next
Friday evening, It is not an invited
affair as has been believed by many,
but distinctly an all-campus dance
which will be akin to a jolly-up in its
informal nature.
Lissner's four-piece orchestra will be
the "life-giver" of the evening. "Jack"
Kegley will not come down from Ber
keley as was previously announced.
