# Nov. 3 Is Date Set For Encina Formal
## 
### 
' Blue Moon" will be the theme of
Encina's first formal dance of the
year, to be held Nov. 3 at Encina
Lounge from 0 p.m. to 1. Jimmy
Diamond's orchestra will provide
the music.
Tickets will go on sale to Eneina
men only next week.
' Blue Moon" will be the theme of
Encina's first formal dance of the
year, to be held Nov. 3 at Encina
Lounge from 0 p.m. to 1. Jimmy
Diamond's orchestra will provide
the music.
Tickets will go on sale to Eneina
men only next week.
' Blue Moon" will be the theme of
Encina's first formal dance of the
year, to be held Nov. 3 at Encina
Lounge from 0 p.m. to 1. Jimmy
Diamond's orchestra will provide
the music.
Tickets will go on sale to Eneina
men only next week.
' Blue Moon" will be the theme of
Encina's first formal dance of the
year, to be held Nov. 3 at Encina
Lounge from 0 p.m. to 1. Jimmy
Diamond's orchestra will provide
the music.
Tickets will go on sale to Eneina
men only next week.
' Blue Moon" will be the theme of
Encina's first formal dance of the
year, to be held Nov. 3 at Encina
Lounge from 0 p.m. to 1. Jimmy
Diamond's orchestra will provide
the music.
Tickets will go on sale to Eneina
men only next week.
' Blue Moon" will be the theme of
Encina's first formal dance of the
year, to be held Nov. 3 at Encina
Lounge from 0 p.m. to 1. Jimmy
Diamond's orchestra will provide
the music.
Tickets will go on sale to Eneina
men only next week.
' Blue Moon" will be the theme of
Encina's first formal dance of the
year, to be held Nov. 3 at Encina
Lounge from 0 p.m. to 1. Jimmy
Diamond's orchestra will provide
the music.
Tickets will go on sale to Eneina
men only next week.
' Blue Moon" will be the theme of
Encina's first formal dance of the
year, to be held Nov. 3 at Encina
Lounge from 0 p.m. to 1. Jimmy
Diamond's orchestra will provide
the music.
Tickets will go on sale to Eneina
men only next week.
' Blue Moon" will be the theme of
Encina's first formal dance of the
year, to be held Nov. 3 at Encina
Lounge from 0 p.m. to 1. Jimmy
Diamond's orchestra will provide
the music.
Tickets will go on sale to Eneina
men only next week.
' Blue Moon" will be the theme of
Encina's first formal dance of the
year, to be held Nov. 3 at Encina
Lounge from 0 p.m. to 1. Jimmy
Diamond's orchestra will provide
the music.
Tickets will go on sale to Eneina
men only next week.
' Blue Moon" will be the theme of
Encina's first formal dance of the
year, to be held Nov. 3 at Encina
Lounge from 0 p.m. to 1. Jimmy
Diamond's orchestra will provide
the music.
Tickets will go on sale to Eneina
men only next week.
' Blue Moon" will be the theme of
Encina's first formal dance of the
year, to be held Nov. 3 at Encina
Lounge from 0 p.m. to 1. Jimmy
Diamond's orchestra will provide
the music.
Tickets will go on sale to Eneina
men only next week.
' Blue Moon" will be the theme of
Encina's first formal dance of the
year, to be held Nov. 3 at Encina
Lounge from 0 p.m. to 1. Jimmy
Diamond's orchestra will provide
the music.
Tickets will go on sale to Eneina
men only next week.
' Blue Moon" will be the theme of
Encina's first formal dance of the
year, to be held Nov. 3 at Encina
Lounge from 0 p.m. to 1. Jimmy
Diamond's orchestra will provide
the music.
Tickets will go on sale to Eneina
men only next week.
' Blue Moon" will be the theme of
Encina's first formal dance of the
year, to be held Nov. 3 at Encina
Lounge from 0 p.m. to 1. Jimmy
Diamond's orchestra will provide
the music.
Tickets will go on sale to Eneina
men only next week.
