# Thriller Featured At Sunday Flicks
## 
### 
Lon Chancy Jr. will star in thi.-s
week's Sunday night niovie, "The
Mummy's Ghost."
Admission is twenty cents and the
show starts at 7:30. A cartoon and
chapter five of "The James Brothers
of Missouri," will also be shown.
Lon Chancy Jr. will star in thi.-s
week's Sunday night niovie, "The
Mummy's Ghost."
Admission is twenty cents and the
show starts at 7:30. A cartoon and
chapter five of "The James Brothers
of Missouri," will also be shown.
Lon Chancy Jr. will star in thi.-s
week's Sunday night niovie, "The
Mummy's Ghost."
Admission is twenty cents and the
show starts at 7:30. A cartoon and
chapter five of "The James Brothers
of Missouri," will also be shown.
Lon Chancy Jr. will star in thi.-s
week's Sunday night niovie, "The
Mummy's Ghost."
Admission is twenty cents and the
show starts at 7:30. A cartoon and
chapter five of "The James Brothers
of Missouri," will also be shown.
Lon Chancy Jr. will star in thi.-s
week's Sunday night niovie, "The
Mummy's Ghost."
Admission is twenty cents and the
show starts at 7:30. A cartoon and
chapter five of "The James Brothers
of Missouri," will also be shown.
Lon Chancy Jr. will star in thi.-s
week's Sunday night niovie, "The
Mummy's Ghost."
Admission is twenty cents and the
show starts at 7:30. A cartoon and
chapter five of "The James Brothers
of Missouri," will also be shown.
Lon Chancy Jr. will star in thi.-s
week's Sunday night niovie, "The
Mummy's Ghost."
Admission is twenty cents and the
show starts at 7:30. A cartoon and
chapter five of "The James Brothers
of Missouri," will also be shown.
Lon Chancy Jr. will star in thi.-s
week's Sunday night niovie, "The
Mummy's Ghost."
Admission is twenty cents and the
show starts at 7:30. A cartoon and
chapter five of "The James Brothers
of Missouri," will also be shown.
Lon Chancy Jr. will star in thi.-s
week's Sunday night niovie, "The
Mummy's Ghost."
Admission is twenty cents and the
show starts at 7:30. A cartoon and
chapter five of "The James Brothers
of Missouri," will also be shown.
Lon Chancy Jr. will star in thi.-s
week's Sunday night niovie, "The
Mummy's Ghost."
Admission is twenty cents and the
show starts at 7:30. A cartoon and
chapter five of "The James Brothers
of Missouri," will also be shown.
Lon Chancy Jr. will star in thi.-s
week's Sunday night niovie, "The
Mummy's Ghost."
Admission is twenty cents and the
show starts at 7:30. A cartoon and
chapter five of "The James Brothers
of Missouri," will also be shown.
Lon Chancy Jr. will star in thi.-s
week's Sunday night niovie, "The
Mummy's Ghost."
Admission is twenty cents and the
show starts at 7:30. A cartoon and
chapter five of "The James Brothers
of Missouri," will also be shown.
Lon Chancy Jr. will star in thi.-s
week's Sunday night niovie, "The
Mummy's Ghost."
Admission is twenty cents and the
show starts at 7:30. A cartoon and
chapter five of "The James Brothers
of Missouri," will also be shown.
Lon Chancy Jr. will star in thi.-s
week's Sunday night niovie, "The
Mummy's Ghost."
Admission is twenty cents and the
show starts at 7:30. A cartoon and
chapter five of "The James Brothers
of Missouri," will also be shown.
Lon Chancy Jr. will star in thi.-s
week's Sunday night niovie, "The
Mummy's Ghost."
Admission is twenty cents and the
show starts at 7:30. A cartoon and
chapter five of "The James Brothers
of Missouri," will also be shown.
