# Grad Women Elect New Village Prexy
## 
### 
The Graduate Women of Stanford
Village have elected the following
officers for this quarter:
President, June Teig; vice-presi
dent, Ruth Hodgson; secretary, Lilo
Trischkat; treasurer, Lucy Ander-»
son; social chairmen, Jacqueline
Yelland and Lucile Reuben; athletic
chairman, Betty Plankington; pub
licity chairman, Jill Averill.
The Graduate Women of Stanford
Village have elected the following
officers for this quarter:
President, June Teig; vice-presi
dent, Ruth Hodgson; secretary, Lilo
Trischkat; treasurer, Lucy Ander-»
son; social chairmen, Jacqueline
Yelland and Lucile Reuben; athletic
chairman, Betty Plankington; pub
licity chairman, Jill Averill.
The Graduate Women of Stanford
Village have elected the following
officers for this quarter:
President, June Teig; vice-presi
dent, Ruth Hodgson; secretary, Lilo
Trischkat; treasurer, Lucy Ander-»
son; social chairmen, Jacqueline
Yelland and Lucile Reuben; athletic
chairman, Betty Plankington; pub
licity chairman, Jill Averill.
The Graduate Women of Stanford
Village have elected the following
officers for this quarter:
President, June Teig; vice-presi
dent, Ruth Hodgson; secretary, Lilo
Trischkat; treasurer, Lucy Ander-»
son; social chairmen, Jacqueline
Yelland and Lucile Reuben; athletic
chairman, Betty Plankington; pub
licity chairman, Jill Averill.
The Graduate Women of Stanford
Village have elected the following
officers for this quarter:
President, June Teig; vice-presi
dent, Ruth Hodgson; secretary, Lilo
Trischkat; treasurer, Lucy Ander-»
son; social chairmen, Jacqueline
Yelland and Lucile Reuben; athletic
chairman, Betty Plankington; pub
licity chairman, Jill Averill.
The Graduate Women of Stanford
Village have elected the following
officers for this quarter:
President, June Teig; vice-presi
dent, Ruth Hodgson; secretary, Lilo
Trischkat; treasurer, Lucy Ander-»
son; social chairmen, Jacqueline
Yelland and Lucile Reuben; athletic
chairman, Betty Plankington; pub
licity chairman, Jill Averill.
The Graduate Women of Stanford
Village have elected the following
officers for this quarter:
President, June Teig; vice-presi
dent, Ruth Hodgson; secretary, Lilo
Trischkat; treasurer, Lucy Ander-»
son; social chairmen, Jacqueline
Yelland and Lucile Reuben; athletic
chairman, Betty Plankington; pub
licity chairman, Jill Averill.
The Graduate Women of Stanford
Village have elected the following
officers for this quarter:
President, June Teig; vice-presi
dent, Ruth Hodgson; secretary, Lilo
Trischkat; treasurer, Lucy Ander-»
son; social chairmen, Jacqueline
Yelland and Lucile Reuben; athletic
chairman, Betty Plankington; pub
licity chairman, Jill Averill.
The Graduate Women of Stanford
Village have elected the following
officers for this quarter:
President, June Teig; vice-presi
dent, Ruth Hodgson; secretary, Lilo
Trischkat; treasurer, Lucy Ander-»
son; social chairmen, Jacqueline
Yelland and Lucile Reuben; athletic
chairman, Betty Plankington; pub
licity chairman, Jill Averill.
The Graduate Women of Stanford
Village have elected the following
officers for this quarter:
President, June Teig; vice-presi
dent, Ruth Hodgson; secretary, Lilo
Trischkat; treasurer, Lucy Ander-»
son; social chairmen, Jacqueline
Yelland and Lucile Reuben; athletic
chairman, Betty Plankington; pub
licity chairman, Jill Averill.
The Graduate Women of Stanford
Village have elected the following
officers for this quarter:
President, June Teig; vice-presi
dent, Ruth Hodgson; secretary, Lilo
Trischkat; treasurer, Lucy Ander-»
son; social chairmen, Jacqueline
Yelland and Lucile Reuben; athletic
chairman, Betty Plankington; pub
licity chairman, Jill Averill.
The Graduate Women of Stanford
Village have elected the following
officers for this quarter:
President, June Teig; vice-presi
dent, Ruth Hodgson; secretary, Lilo
Trischkat; treasurer, Lucy Ander-»
son; social chairmen, Jacqueline
Yelland and Lucile Reuben; athletic
chairman, Betty Plankington; pub
licity chairman, Jill Averill.
The Graduate Women of Stanford
Village have elected the following
officers for this quarter:
President, June Teig; vice-presi
dent, Ruth Hodgson; secretary, Lilo
Trischkat; treasurer, Lucy Ander-»
son; social chairmen, Jacqueline
Yelland and Lucile Reuben; athletic
chairman, Betty Plankington; pub
licity chairman, Jill Averill.
The Graduate Women of Stanford
Village have elected the following
officers for this quarter:
President, June Teig; vice-presi
dent, Ruth Hodgson; secretary, Lilo
Trischkat; treasurer, Lucy Ander-»
son; social chairmen, Jacqueline
Yelland and Lucile Reuben; athletic
chairman, Betty Plankington; pub
licity chairman, Jill Averill.
The Graduate Women of Stanford
Village have elected the following
officers for this quarter:
President, June Teig; vice-presi
dent, Ruth Hodgson; secretary, Lilo
Trischkat; treasurer, Lucy Ander-»
son; social chairmen, Jacqueline
Yelland and Lucile Reuben; athletic
chairman, Betty Plankington; pub
licity chairman, Jill Averill.
