# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Chaparral's Track and Home
coming Number will be sold Fri
day and on the day of the Big
Meet, according to Winston Nor
man. editor, who says that the
issue was nearly delayed because
the staff laughed so much at the
copy that they could scarcely
make up the book.
Chaparral's Track and Home
coming Number will be sold Fri
day and on the day of the Big
Meet, according to Winston Nor
man. editor, who says that the
issue was nearly delayed because
the staff laughed so much at the
copy that they could scarcely
make up the book.
Chaparral's Track and Home
coming Number will be sold Fri
day and on the day of the Big
Meet, according to Winston Nor
man. editor, who says that the
issue was nearly delayed because
the staff laughed so much at the
copy that they could scarcely
make up the book.
Chaparral's Track and Home
coming Number will be sold Fri
day and on the day of the Big
Meet, according to Winston Nor
man. editor, who says that the
issue was nearly delayed because
the staff laughed so much at the
copy that they could scarcely
make up the book.
Chaparral's Track and Home
coming Number will be sold Fri
day and on the day of the Big
Meet, according to Winston Nor
man. editor, who says that the
issue was nearly delayed because
the staff laughed so much at the
copy that they could scarcely
make up the book.
Chaparral's Track and Home
coming Number will be sold Fri
day and on the day of the Big
Meet, according to Winston Nor
man. editor, who says that the
issue was nearly delayed because
the staff laughed so much at the
copy that they could scarcely
make up the book.
Chaparral's Track and Home
coming Number will be sold Fri
day and on the day of the Big
Meet, according to Winston Nor
man. editor, who says that the
issue was nearly delayed because
the staff laughed so much at the
copy that they could scarcely
make up the book.
Chaparral's Track and Home
coming Number will be sold Fri
day and on the day of the Big
Meet, according to Winston Nor
man. editor, who says that the
issue was nearly delayed because
the staff laughed so much at the
copy that they could scarcely
make up the book.
Chaparral's Track and Home
coming Number will be sold Fri
day and on the day of the Big
Meet, according to Winston Nor
man. editor, who says that the
issue was nearly delayed because
the staff laughed so much at the
copy that they could scarcely
make up the book.
Chaparral's Track and Home
coming Number will be sold Fri
day and on the day of the Big
Meet, according to Winston Nor
man. editor, who says that the
issue was nearly delayed because
the staff laughed so much at the
copy that they could scarcely
make up the book.
Chaparral's Track and Home
coming Number will be sold Fri
day and on the day of the Big
Meet, according to Winston Nor
man. editor, who says that the
issue was nearly delayed because
the staff laughed so much at the
copy that they could scarcely
make up the book.
Chaparral's Track and Home
coming Number will be sold Fri
day and on the day of the Big
Meet, according to Winston Nor
man. editor, who says that the
issue was nearly delayed because
the staff laughed so much at the
copy that they could scarcely
make up the book.
Chaparral's Track and Home
coming Number will be sold Fri
day and on the day of the Big
Meet, according to Winston Nor
man. editor, who says that the
issue was nearly delayed because
the staff laughed so much at the
copy that they could scarcely
make up the book.
Chaparral's Track and Home
coming Number will be sold Fri
day and on the day of the Big
Meet, according to Winston Nor
man. editor, who says that the
issue was nearly delayed because
the staff laughed so much at the
copy that they could scarcely
make up the book.
Chaparral's Track and Home
coming Number will be sold Fri
day and on the day of the Big
Meet, according to Winston Nor
man. editor, who says that the
issue was nearly delayed because
the staff laughed so much at the
copy that they could scarcely
make up the book.
