# Spring Quarter Bawl-Outs To Go on Sale Soon
## 
### 
"Bawl-Outs" are scheduled to he on
sale at the Cashier's office in the Ad
ministration building next Monday,
April 18.
"Bawl-Outs" are scheduled to he on
sale at the Cashier's office in the Ad
ministration building next Monday,
April 18.
"Bawl-Outs" are scheduled to he on
sale at the Cashier's office in the Ad
ministration building next Monday,
April 18.
"Bawl-Outs" are scheduled to he on
sale at the Cashier's office in the Ad
ministration building next Monday,
April 18.
"Bawl-Outs" are scheduled to he on
sale at the Cashier's office in the Ad
ministration building next Monday,
April 18.
"Bawl-Outs" are scheduled to he on
sale at the Cashier's office in the Ad
ministration building next Monday,
April 18.
"Bawl-Outs" are scheduled to he on
sale at the Cashier's office in the Ad
ministration building next Monday,
April 18.
"Bawl-Outs" are scheduled to he on
sale at the Cashier's office in the Ad
ministration building next Monday,
April 18.
"Bawl-Outs" are scheduled to he on
sale at the Cashier's office in the Ad
ministration building next Monday,
April 18.
"Bawl-Outs" are scheduled to he on
sale at the Cashier's office in the Ad
ministration building next Monday,
April 18.
"Bawl-Outs" are scheduled to he on
sale at the Cashier's office in the Ad
ministration building next Monday,
April 18.
"Bawl-Outs" are scheduled to he on
sale at the Cashier's office in the Ad
ministration building next Monday,
April 18.
"Bawl-Outs" are scheduled to he on
sale at the Cashier's office in the Ad
ministration building next Monday,
April 18.
"Bawl-Outs" are scheduled to he on
sale at the Cashier's office in the Ad
ministration building next Monday,
April 18.
"Bawl-Outs" are scheduled to he on
sale at the Cashier's office in the Ad
ministration building next Monday,
April 18.
