# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Hamlin University faculty have de
cided not to support baseball this
spring. v
Hamlin University faculty have de
cided not to support baseball this
spring. v
Hamlin University faculty have de
cided not to support baseball this
spring. v
Hamlin University faculty have de
cided not to support baseball this
spring. v
Hamlin University faculty have de
cided not to support baseball this
spring. v
Hamlin University faculty have de
cided not to support baseball this
spring. v
Hamlin University faculty have de
cided not to support baseball this
spring. v
Hamlin University faculty have de
cided not to support baseball this
spring. v
Hamlin University faculty have de
cided not to support baseball this
spring. v
Hamlin University faculty have de
cided not to support baseball this
spring. v
Hamlin University faculty have de
cided not to support baseball this
spring. v
Hamlin University faculty have de
cided not to support baseball this
spring. v
Hamlin University faculty have de
cided not to support baseball this
spring. v
Hamlin University faculty have de
cided not to support baseball this
spring. v
Hamlin University faculty have de
cided not to support baseball this
spring. v
