# WILLIAMS NAMED AS LAGUNITA LIFE GUARD
## 
### 
Bob Williams has been named as the
fifth life guard to be on duty at Lagu
nita, and will assist Edwin Driggs,
Norton Thornton, Ted Smith, and Reg
Harrison. These five are on duty from
10 o'clock in the morning to 10 at
night.
These men are responsible for all
those taking canoes out on the lake,
and also take charge of the five boats
that are available for hire.
Bob Williams has been named as the
fifth life guard to be on duty at Lagu
nita, and will assist Edwin Driggs,
Norton Thornton, Ted Smith, and Reg
Harrison. These five are on duty from
10 o'clock in the morning to 10 at
night.
These men are responsible for all
those taking canoes out on the lake,
and also take charge of the five boats
that are available for hire.
Bob Williams has been named as the
fifth life guard to be on duty at Lagu
nita, and will assist Edwin Driggs,
Norton Thornton, Ted Smith, and Reg
Harrison. These five are on duty from
10 o'clock in the morning to 10 at
night.
These men are responsible for all
those taking canoes out on the lake,
and also take charge of the five boats
that are available for hire.
Bob Williams has been named as the
fifth life guard to be on duty at Lagu
nita, and will assist Edwin Driggs,
Norton Thornton, Ted Smith, and Reg
Harrison. These five are on duty from
10 o'clock in the morning to 10 at
night.
These men are responsible for all
those taking canoes out on the lake,
and also take charge of the five boats
that are available for hire.
Bob Williams has been named as the
fifth life guard to be on duty at Lagu
nita, and will assist Edwin Driggs,
Norton Thornton, Ted Smith, and Reg
Harrison. These five are on duty from
10 o'clock in the morning to 10 at
night.
These men are responsible for all
those taking canoes out on the lake,
and also take charge of the five boats
that are available for hire.
Bob Williams has been named as the
fifth life guard to be on duty at Lagu
nita, and will assist Edwin Driggs,
Norton Thornton, Ted Smith, and Reg
Harrison. These five are on duty from
10 o'clock in the morning to 10 at
night.
These men are responsible for all
those taking canoes out on the lake,
and also take charge of the five boats
that are available for hire.
Bob Williams has been named as the
fifth life guard to be on duty at Lagu
nita, and will assist Edwin Driggs,
Norton Thornton, Ted Smith, and Reg
Harrison. These five are on duty from
10 o'clock in the morning to 10 at
night.
These men are responsible for all
those taking canoes out on the lake,
and also take charge of the five boats
that are available for hire.
Bob Williams has been named as the
fifth life guard to be on duty at Lagu
nita, and will assist Edwin Driggs,
Norton Thornton, Ted Smith, and Reg
Harrison. These five are on duty from
10 o'clock in the morning to 10 at
night.
These men are responsible for all
those taking canoes out on the lake,
and also take charge of the five boats
that are available for hire.
Bob Williams has been named as the
fifth life guard to be on duty at Lagu
nita, and will assist Edwin Driggs,
Norton Thornton, Ted Smith, and Reg
Harrison. These five are on duty from
10 o'clock in the morning to 10 at
night.
These men are responsible for all
those taking canoes out on the lake,
and also take charge of the five boats
that are available for hire.
Bob Williams has been named as the
fifth life guard to be on duty at Lagu
nita, and will assist Edwin Driggs,
Norton Thornton, Ted Smith, and Reg
Harrison. These five are on duty from
10 o'clock in the morning to 10 at
night.
These men are responsible for all
those taking canoes out on the lake,
and also take charge of the five boats
that are available for hire.
Bob Williams has been named as the
fifth life guard to be on duty at Lagu
nita, and will assist Edwin Driggs,
Norton Thornton, Ted Smith, and Reg
Harrison. These five are on duty from
10 o'clock in the morning to 10 at
night.
These men are responsible for all
those taking canoes out on the lake,
and also take charge of the five boats
that are available for hire.
Bob Williams has been named as the
fifth life guard to be on duty at Lagu
nita, and will assist Edwin Driggs,
Norton Thornton, Ted Smith, and Reg
Harrison. These five are on duty from
10 o'clock in the morning to 10 at
night.
These men are responsible for all
those taking canoes out on the lake,
and also take charge of the five boats
that are available for hire.
Bob Williams has been named as the
fifth life guard to be on duty at Lagu
nita, and will assist Edwin Driggs,
Norton Thornton, Ted Smith, and Reg
Harrison. These five are on duty from
10 o'clock in the morning to 10 at
night.
These men are responsible for all
those taking canoes out on the lake,
and also take charge of the five boats
that are available for hire.
Bob Williams has been named as the
fifth life guard to be on duty at Lagu
nita, and will assist Edwin Driggs,
Norton Thornton, Ted Smith, and Reg
Harrison. These five are on duty from
10 o'clock in the morning to 10 at
night.
These men are responsible for all
those taking canoes out on the lake,
and also take charge of the five boats
that are available for hire.
Bob Williams has been named as the
fifth life guard to be on duty at Lagu
nita, and will assist Edwin Driggs,
Norton Thornton, Ted Smith, and Reg
Harrison. These five are on duty from
10 o'clock in the morning to 10 at
night.
These men are responsible for all
those taking canoes out on the lake,
and also take charge of the five boats
that are available for hire.
