# Members of French Club To Hear San Jose Reader
## 
### 
Jean Laborde of San Jose will give
two short readings, "La Parure" by
Maupassant, and "L'Eternelle Chan
son" by Madame Edmond Rostand at
a meeting of the French Club in the
Women's Clubhouse at 8:15 o'clock
tomorrow night. The entertainer is a
former member of the Stanford French
Club.
One hundred dollars was recently
sent to France by the club to aid in
the maintenance of a French War or
phan.
Jean Laborde of San Jose will give
two short readings, "La Parure" by
Maupassant, and "L'Eternelle Chan
son" by Madame Edmond Rostand at
a meeting of the French Club in the
Women's Clubhouse at 8:15 o'clock
tomorrow night. The entertainer is a
former member of the Stanford French
Club.
One hundred dollars was recently
sent to France by the club to aid in
the maintenance of a French War or
phan.
Jean Laborde of San Jose will give
two short readings, "La Parure" by
Maupassant, and "L'Eternelle Chan
son" by Madame Edmond Rostand at
a meeting of the French Club in the
Women's Clubhouse at 8:15 o'clock
tomorrow night. The entertainer is a
former member of the Stanford French
Club.
One hundred dollars was recently
sent to France by the club to aid in
the maintenance of a French War or
phan.
Jean Laborde of San Jose will give
two short readings, "La Parure" by
Maupassant, and "L'Eternelle Chan
son" by Madame Edmond Rostand at
a meeting of the French Club in the
Women's Clubhouse at 8:15 o'clock
tomorrow night. The entertainer is a
former member of the Stanford French
Club.
One hundred dollars was recently
sent to France by the club to aid in
the maintenance of a French War or
phan.
Jean Laborde of San Jose will give
two short readings, "La Parure" by
Maupassant, and "L'Eternelle Chan
son" by Madame Edmond Rostand at
a meeting of the French Club in the
Women's Clubhouse at 8:15 o'clock
tomorrow night. The entertainer is a
former member of the Stanford French
Club.
One hundred dollars was recently
sent to France by the club to aid in
the maintenance of a French War or
phan.
Jean Laborde of San Jose will give
two short readings, "La Parure" by
Maupassant, and "L'Eternelle Chan
son" by Madame Edmond Rostand at
a meeting of the French Club in the
Women's Clubhouse at 8:15 o'clock
tomorrow night. The entertainer is a
former member of the Stanford French
Club.
One hundred dollars was recently
sent to France by the club to aid in
the maintenance of a French War or
phan.
Jean Laborde of San Jose will give
two short readings, "La Parure" by
Maupassant, and "L'Eternelle Chan
son" by Madame Edmond Rostand at
a meeting of the French Club in the
Women's Clubhouse at 8:15 o'clock
tomorrow night. The entertainer is a
former member of the Stanford French
Club.
One hundred dollars was recently
sent to France by the club to aid in
the maintenance of a French War or
phan.
Jean Laborde of San Jose will give
two short readings, "La Parure" by
Maupassant, and "L'Eternelle Chan
son" by Madame Edmond Rostand at
a meeting of the French Club in the
Women's Clubhouse at 8:15 o'clock
tomorrow night. The entertainer is a
former member of the Stanford French
Club.
One hundred dollars was recently
sent to France by the club to aid in
the maintenance of a French War or
phan.
Jean Laborde of San Jose will give
two short readings, "La Parure" by
Maupassant, and "L'Eternelle Chan
son" by Madame Edmond Rostand at
a meeting of the French Club in the
Women's Clubhouse at 8:15 o'clock
tomorrow night. The entertainer is a
former member of the Stanford French
Club.
One hundred dollars was recently
sent to France by the club to aid in
the maintenance of a French War or
phan.
Jean Laborde of San Jose will give
two short readings, "La Parure" by
Maupassant, and "L'Eternelle Chan
son" by Madame Edmond Rostand at
a meeting of the French Club in the
Women's Clubhouse at 8:15 o'clock
tomorrow night. The entertainer is a
former member of the Stanford French
Club.
One hundred dollars was recently
sent to France by the club to aid in
the maintenance of a French War or
phan.
Jean Laborde of San Jose will give
two short readings, "La Parure" by
Maupassant, and "L'Eternelle Chan
son" by Madame Edmond Rostand at
a meeting of the French Club in the
Women's Clubhouse at 8:15 o'clock
tomorrow night. The entertainer is a
former member of the Stanford French
Club.
One hundred dollars was recently
sent to France by the club to aid in
the maintenance of a French War or
phan.
Jean Laborde of San Jose will give
two short readings, "La Parure" by
Maupassant, and "L'Eternelle Chan
son" by Madame Edmond Rostand at
a meeting of the French Club in the
Women's Clubhouse at 8:15 o'clock
tomorrow night. The entertainer is a
former member of the Stanford French
Club.
One hundred dollars was recently
sent to France by the club to aid in
the maintenance of a French War or
phan.
Jean Laborde of San Jose will give
two short readings, "La Parure" by
Maupassant, and "L'Eternelle Chan
son" by Madame Edmond Rostand at
a meeting of the French Club in the
Women's Clubhouse at 8:15 o'clock
tomorrow night. The entertainer is a
former member of the Stanford French
Club.
One hundred dollars was recently
sent to France by the club to aid in
the maintenance of a French War or
phan.
Jean Laborde of San Jose will give
two short readings, "La Parure" by
Maupassant, and "L'Eternelle Chan
son" by Madame Edmond Rostand at
a meeting of the French Club in the
Women's Clubhouse at 8:15 o'clock
tomorrow night. The entertainer is a
former member of the Stanford French
Club.
One hundred dollars was recently
sent to France by the club to aid in
the maintenance of a French War or
phan.
Jean Laborde of San Jose will give
two short readings, "La Parure" by
Maupassant, and "L'Eternelle Chan
son" by Madame Edmond Rostand at
a meeting of the French Club in the
Women's Clubhouse at 8:15 o'clock
tomorrow night. The entertainer is a
former member of the Stanford French
Club.
One hundred dollars was recently
sent to France by the club to aid in
the maintenance of a French War or
phan.
