# Germany Tests New Zeppelin
## 
### 

HITLER DISPLAY S his new Graf Zeppelin, which underwent recent
successful tests in the air over southern Germany. The stern view of
the enormous fins and rudder was taken in the hangar at Friedrich
shafen. Sister ship of the ill-fated Hindenburg, she is 635 feet long
and will carry 40passengers and a crew of 43.

HITLER DISPLAY S his new Graf Zeppelin, which underwent recent
successful tests in the air over southern Germany. The stern view of
the enormous fins and rudder was taken in the hangar at Friedrich
shafen. Sister ship of the ill-fated Hindenburg, she is 635 feet long
and will carry 40passengers and a crew of 43.

HITLER DISPLAY S his new Graf Zeppelin, which underwent recent
successful tests in the air over southern Germany. The stern view of
the enormous fins and rudder was taken in the hangar at Friedrich
shafen. Sister ship of the ill-fated Hindenburg, she is 635 feet long
and will carry 40passengers and a crew of 43.

HITLER DISPLAY S his new Graf Zeppelin, which underwent recent
successful tests in the air over southern Germany. The stern view of
the enormous fins and rudder was taken in the hangar at Friedrich
shafen. Sister ship of the ill-fated Hindenburg, she is 635 feet long
and will carry 40passengers and a crew of 43.

HITLER DISPLAY S his new Graf Zeppelin, which underwent recent
successful tests in the air over southern Germany. The stern view of
the enormous fins and rudder was taken in the hangar at Friedrich
shafen. Sister ship of the ill-fated Hindenburg, she is 635 feet long
and will carry 40passengers and a crew of 43.

HITLER DISPLAY S his new Graf Zeppelin, which underwent recent
successful tests in the air over southern Germany. The stern view of
the enormous fins and rudder was taken in the hangar at Friedrich
shafen. Sister ship of the ill-fated Hindenburg, she is 635 feet long
and will carry 40passengers and a crew of 43.

HITLER DISPLAY S his new Graf Zeppelin, which underwent recent
successful tests in the air over southern Germany. The stern view of
the enormous fins and rudder was taken in the hangar at Friedrich
shafen. Sister ship of the ill-fated Hindenburg, she is 635 feet long
and will carry 40passengers and a crew of 43.

HITLER DISPLAY S his new Graf Zeppelin, which underwent recent
successful tests in the air over southern Germany. The stern view of
the enormous fins and rudder was taken in the hangar at Friedrich
shafen. Sister ship of the ill-fated Hindenburg, she is 635 feet long
and will carry 40passengers and a crew of 43.

HITLER DISPLAY S his new Graf Zeppelin, which underwent recent
successful tests in the air over southern Germany. The stern view of
the enormous fins and rudder was taken in the hangar at Friedrich
shafen. Sister ship of the ill-fated Hindenburg, she is 635 feet long
and will carry 40passengers and a crew of 43.

HITLER DISPLAY S his new Graf Zeppelin, which underwent recent
successful tests in the air over southern Germany. The stern view of
the enormous fins and rudder was taken in the hangar at Friedrich
shafen. Sister ship of the ill-fated Hindenburg, she is 635 feet long
and will carry 40passengers and a crew of 43.

HITLER DISPLAY S his new Graf Zeppelin, which underwent recent
successful tests in the air over southern Germany. The stern view of
the enormous fins and rudder was taken in the hangar at Friedrich
shafen. Sister ship of the ill-fated Hindenburg, she is 635 feet long
and will carry 40passengers and a crew of 43.

HITLER DISPLAY S his new Graf Zeppelin, which underwent recent
successful tests in the air over southern Germany. The stern view of
the enormous fins and rudder was taken in the hangar at Friedrich
shafen. Sister ship of the ill-fated Hindenburg, she is 635 feet long
and will carry 40passengers and a crew of 43.

HITLER DISPLAY S his new Graf Zeppelin, which underwent recent
successful tests in the air over southern Germany. The stern view of
the enormous fins and rudder was taken in the hangar at Friedrich
shafen. Sister ship of the ill-fated Hindenburg, she is 635 feet long
and will carry 40passengers and a crew of 43.

HITLER DISPLAY S his new Graf Zeppelin, which underwent recent
successful tests in the air over southern Germany. The stern view of
the enormous fins and rudder was taken in the hangar at Friedrich
shafen. Sister ship of the ill-fated Hindenburg, she is 635 feet long
and will carry 40passengers and a crew of 43.

HITLER DISPLAY S his new Graf Zeppelin, which underwent recent
successful tests in the air over southern Germany. The stern view of
the enormous fins and rudder was taken in the hangar at Friedrich
shafen. Sister ship of the ill-fated Hindenburg, she is 635 feet long
and will carry 40passengers and a crew of 43.

HITLER DISPLAY S his new Graf Zeppelin, which underwent recent
successful tests in the air over southern Germany. The stern view of
the enormous fins and rudder was taken in the hangar at Friedrich
shafen. Sister ship of the ill-fated Hindenburg, she is 635 feet long
and will carry 40passengers and a crew of 43.
