# GRASS FIRE
## 
### 
The Stanford fire department was
j called Tuesday afternoon to the
dump on Pine Avenue where fire
had spread from the rubbish area
into some nearby grass. The fire
was quickly controlled by the de
partment and there was no damage.
The Stanford fire department was
j called Tuesday afternoon to the
dump on Pine Avenue where fire
had spread from the rubbish area
into some nearby grass. The fire
was quickly controlled by the de
partment and there was no damage.
The Stanford fire department was
j called Tuesday afternoon to the
dump on Pine Avenue where fire
had spread from the rubbish area
into some nearby grass. The fire
was quickly controlled by the de
partment and there was no damage.
The Stanford fire department was
j called Tuesday afternoon to the
dump on Pine Avenue where fire
had spread from the rubbish area
into some nearby grass. The fire
was quickly controlled by the de
partment and there was no damage.
The Stanford fire department was
j called Tuesday afternoon to the
dump on Pine Avenue where fire
had spread from the rubbish area
into some nearby grass. The fire
was quickly controlled by the de
partment and there was no damage.
The Stanford fire department was
j called Tuesday afternoon to the
dump on Pine Avenue where fire
had spread from the rubbish area
into some nearby grass. The fire
was quickly controlled by the de
partment and there was no damage.
The Stanford fire department was
j called Tuesday afternoon to the
dump on Pine Avenue where fire
had spread from the rubbish area
into some nearby grass. The fire
was quickly controlled by the de
partment and there was no damage.
The Stanford fire department was
j called Tuesday afternoon to the
dump on Pine Avenue where fire
had spread from the rubbish area
into some nearby grass. The fire
was quickly controlled by the de
partment and there was no damage.
The Stanford fire department was
j called Tuesday afternoon to the
dump on Pine Avenue where fire
had spread from the rubbish area
into some nearby grass. The fire
was quickly controlled by the de
partment and there was no damage.
The Stanford fire department was
j called Tuesday afternoon to the
dump on Pine Avenue where fire
had spread from the rubbish area
into some nearby grass. The fire
was quickly controlled by the de
partment and there was no damage.
The Stanford fire department was
j called Tuesday afternoon to the
dump on Pine Avenue where fire
had spread from the rubbish area
into some nearby grass. The fire
was quickly controlled by the de
partment and there was no damage.
The Stanford fire department was
j called Tuesday afternoon to the
dump on Pine Avenue where fire
had spread from the rubbish area
into some nearby grass. The fire
was quickly controlled by the de
partment and there was no damage.
The Stanford fire department was
j called Tuesday afternoon to the
dump on Pine Avenue where fire
had spread from the rubbish area
into some nearby grass. The fire
was quickly controlled by the de
partment and there was no damage.
