# Adv. 18 Page 5
## 
### 
LOS NfDOS
BEAUTY SHOP
Steam oil treatment finder
w.ivc and neck-trim
75c
BETTER WAVES AT
LOWER COSTS
Marcelling ,md finger
waving, 50c
©
LOS NIDOS
BEAUTY SHOP
Phono 5G43 — 530 Univ. Ave.
LOS NfDOS
BEAUTY SHOP
Steam oil treatment finder
w.ivc and neck-trim
75c
BETTER WAVES AT
LOWER COSTS
Marcelling ,md finger
waving, 50c
©
LOS NIDOS
BEAUTY SHOP
Phono 5G43 — 530 Univ. Ave.
LOS NfDOS
BEAUTY SHOP
Steam oil treatment finder
w.ivc and neck-trim
75c
BETTER WAVES AT
LOWER COSTS
Marcelling ,md finger
waving, 50c
©
LOS NIDOS
BEAUTY SHOP
Phono 5G43 — 530 Univ. Ave.
LOS NfDOS
BEAUTY SHOP
Steam oil treatment finder
w.ivc and neck-trim
75c
BETTER WAVES AT
LOWER COSTS
Marcelling ,md finger
waving, 50c
©
LOS NIDOS
BEAUTY SHOP
Phono 5G43 — 530 Univ. Ave.
LOS NfDOS
BEAUTY SHOP
Steam oil treatment finder
w.ivc and neck-trim
75c
BETTER WAVES AT
LOWER COSTS
Marcelling ,md finger
waving, 50c
©
LOS NIDOS
BEAUTY SHOP
Phono 5G43 — 530 Univ. Ave.
LOS NfDOS
BEAUTY SHOP
Steam oil treatment finder
w.ivc and neck-trim
75c
BETTER WAVES AT
LOWER COSTS
Marcelling ,md finger
waving, 50c
©
LOS NIDOS
BEAUTY SHOP
Phono 5G43 — 530 Univ. Ave.
LOS NfDOS
BEAUTY SHOP
Steam oil treatment finder
w.ivc and neck-trim
75c
BETTER WAVES AT
LOWER COSTS
Marcelling ,md finger
waving, 50c
©
LOS NIDOS
BEAUTY SHOP
Phono 5G43 — 530 Univ. Ave.
LOS NfDOS
BEAUTY SHOP
Steam oil treatment finder
w.ivc and neck-trim
75c
BETTER WAVES AT
LOWER COSTS
Marcelling ,md finger
waving, 50c
©
LOS NIDOS
BEAUTY SHOP
Phono 5G43 — 530 Univ. Ave.
LOS NfDOS
BEAUTY SHOP
Steam oil treatment finder
w.ivc and neck-trim
75c
BETTER WAVES AT
LOWER COSTS
Marcelling ,md finger
waving, 50c
©
LOS NIDOS
BEAUTY SHOP
Phono 5G43 — 530 Univ. Ave.
LOS NfDOS
BEAUTY SHOP
Steam oil treatment finder
w.ivc and neck-trim
75c
BETTER WAVES AT
LOWER COSTS
Marcelling ,md finger
waving, 50c
©
LOS NIDOS
BEAUTY SHOP
Phono 5G43 — 530 Univ. Ave.
LOS NfDOS
BEAUTY SHOP
Steam oil treatment finder
w.ivc and neck-trim
75c
BETTER WAVES AT
LOWER COSTS
Marcelling ,md finger
waving, 50c
©
LOS NIDOS
BEAUTY SHOP
Phono 5G43 — 530 Univ. Ave.
LOS NfDOS
BEAUTY SHOP
Steam oil treatment finder
w.ivc and neck-trim
75c
BETTER WAVES AT
LOWER COSTS
Marcelling ,md finger
waving, 50c
©
LOS NIDOS
BEAUTY SHOP
Phono 5G43 — 530 Univ. Ave.
LOS NfDOS
BEAUTY SHOP
Steam oil treatment finder
w.ivc and neck-trim
75c
BETTER WAVES AT
LOWER COSTS
Marcelling ,md finger
waving, 50c
©
LOS NIDOS
BEAUTY SHOP
Phono 5G43 — 530 Univ. Ave.
LOS NfDOS
BEAUTY SHOP
Steam oil treatment finder
w.ivc and neck-trim
75c
BETTER WAVES AT
LOWER COSTS
Marcelling ,md finger
waving, 50c
©
LOS NIDOS
BEAUTY SHOP
Phono 5G43 — 530 Univ. Ave.
LOS NfDOS
BEAUTY SHOP
Steam oil treatment finder
w.ivc and neck-trim
75c
BETTER WAVES AT
LOWER COSTS
Marcelling ,md finger
waving, 50c
©
LOS NIDOS
BEAUTY SHOP
Phono 5G43 — 530 Univ. Ave.
