# NEWS BRIEFS FROM THE UNITED PRESS
## NEED SHORTER WEEK 
### 
WASHINGTON, March 8 (UP).—
Increasing congressional support for
the compulsory 30-hour week bill
developed today as leading indus
trialists conferred with F.R. and
General Hugh Johnson on the ad
ministration program for voluntary
cuts of hours.
WASHINGTON, March 8 (UP).—
Increasing congressional support for
the compulsory 30-hour week bill
developed today as leading indus
trialists conferred with F.R. and
General Hugh Johnson on the ad
ministration program for voluntary
cuts of hours.
WASHINGTON, March 8 (UP).—
Increasing congressional support for
the compulsory 30-hour week bill
developed today as leading indus
trialists conferred with F.R. and
General Hugh Johnson on the ad
ministration program for voluntary
cuts of hours.
WASHINGTON, March 8 (UP).—
Increasing congressional support for
the compulsory 30-hour week bill
developed today as leading indus
trialists conferred with F.R. and
General Hugh Johnson on the ad
ministration program for voluntary
cuts of hours.
WASHINGTON, March 8 (UP).—
Increasing congressional support for
the compulsory 30-hour week bill
developed today as leading indus
trialists conferred with F.R. and
General Hugh Johnson on the ad
ministration program for voluntary
cuts of hours.
WASHINGTON, March 8 (UP).—
Increasing congressional support for
the compulsory 30-hour week bill
developed today as leading indus
trialists conferred with F.R. and
General Hugh Johnson on the ad
ministration program for voluntary
cuts of hours.
WASHINGTON, March 8 (UP).—
Increasing congressional support for
the compulsory 30-hour week bill
developed today as leading indus
trialists conferred with F.R. and
General Hugh Johnson on the ad
ministration program for voluntary
cuts of hours.
WASHINGTON, March 8 (UP).—
Increasing congressional support for
the compulsory 30-hour week bill
developed today as leading indus
trialists conferred with F.R. and
General Hugh Johnson on the ad
ministration program for voluntary
cuts of hours.
WASHINGTON, March 8 (UP).—
Increasing congressional support for
the compulsory 30-hour week bill
developed today as leading indus
trialists conferred with F.R. and
General Hugh Johnson on the ad
ministration program for voluntary
cuts of hours.
WASHINGTON, March 8 (UP).—
Increasing congressional support for
the compulsory 30-hour week bill
developed today as leading indus
trialists conferred with F.R. and
General Hugh Johnson on the ad
ministration program for voluntary
cuts of hours.
WASHINGTON, March 8 (UP).—
Increasing congressional support for
the compulsory 30-hour week bill
developed today as leading indus
trialists conferred with F.R. and
General Hugh Johnson on the ad
ministration program for voluntary
cuts of hours.
WASHINGTON, March 8 (UP).—
Increasing congressional support for
the compulsory 30-hour week bill
developed today as leading indus
trialists conferred with F.R. and
General Hugh Johnson on the ad
ministration program for voluntary
cuts of hours.
WASHINGTON, March 8 (UP).—
Increasing congressional support for
the compulsory 30-hour week bill
developed today as leading indus
trialists conferred with F.R. and
General Hugh Johnson on the ad
ministration program for voluntary
cuts of hours.
WASHINGTON, March 8 (UP).—
Increasing congressional support for
the compulsory 30-hour week bill
developed today as leading indus
trialists conferred with F.R. and
General Hugh Johnson on the ad
ministration program for voluntary
cuts of hours.
WASHINGTON, March 8 (UP).—
Increasing congressional support for
the compulsory 30-hour week bill
developed today as leading indus
trialists conferred with F.R. and
General Hugh Johnson on the ad
ministration program for voluntary
cuts of hours.
