# SMILING BEN
## 
### 

Big Ben Eastman, world's middle
distance record holder, who will
compete in the All-University track
classic tomorrow.

Big Ben Eastman, world's middle
distance record holder, who will
compete in the All-University track
classic tomorrow.

Big Ben Eastman, world's middle
distance record holder, who will
compete in the All-University track
classic tomorrow.

Big Ben Eastman, world's middle
distance record holder, who will
compete in the All-University track
classic tomorrow.

Big Ben Eastman, world's middle
distance record holder, who will
compete in the All-University track
classic tomorrow.

Big Ben Eastman, world's middle
distance record holder, who will
compete in the All-University track
classic tomorrow.

Big Ben Eastman, world's middle
distance record holder, who will
compete in the All-University track
classic tomorrow.

Big Ben Eastman, world's middle
distance record holder, who will
compete in the All-University track
classic tomorrow.

Big Ben Eastman, world's middle
distance record holder, who will
compete in the All-University track
classic tomorrow.

Big Ben Eastman, world's middle
distance record holder, who will
compete in the All-University track
classic tomorrow.

Big Ben Eastman, world's middle
distance record holder, who will
compete in the All-University track
classic tomorrow.

Big Ben Eastman, world's middle
distance record holder, who will
compete in the All-University track
classic tomorrow.

Big Ben Eastman, world's middle
distance record holder, who will
compete in the All-University track
classic tomorrow.

Big Ben Eastman, world's middle
distance record holder, who will
compete in the All-University track
classic tomorrow.

Big Ben Eastman, world's middle
distance record holder, who will
compete in the All-University track
classic tomorrow.
