# ORCHESIS TO GIVE "LIFE'S DANCE" IN MONDAY PROGRAM
## 
### 
"Life's Dance" is the litle of the
Dance Drama, which will be pre
sentee! by the members cf Orchesis,
on Monday night at 8:30 o'clock in
the Dance Studio of the Women's
Gym.
The cast, which is composed of
over 50 girls, is the largest to ever
participate in the Dance Drama.
There will be varied dances, °oing
from the sublime to the comic. Much
work is being expended to make the
costumes and settings appropriate.
As well as a piano accompaniment,
numerous percussion instruments
will be featured.
The finale will include a piano
duet on two pianos, by Mrs. Joseph
Goldsmith and Phyllis Goldsmith.
They will play Chopin's Sonata in
B Flat Minor.
Admission is by tickets, which may
be obtained free of charge in front
of the Union tomorrow at 1 o'clock,
and at Keeble's stationery store.
"Life's Dance" is the litle of the
Dance Drama, which will be pre
sentee! by the members cf Orchesis,
on Monday night at 8:30 o'clock in
the Dance Studio of the Women's
Gym.
The cast, which is composed of
over 50 girls, is the largest to ever
participate in the Dance Drama.
There will be varied dances, °oing
from the sublime to the comic. Much
work is being expended to make the
costumes and settings appropriate.
As well as a piano accompaniment,
numerous percussion instruments
will be featured.
The finale will include a piano
duet on two pianos, by Mrs. Joseph
Goldsmith and Phyllis Goldsmith.
They will play Chopin's Sonata in
B Flat Minor.
Admission is by tickets, which may
be obtained free of charge in front
of the Union tomorrow at 1 o'clock,
and at Keeble's stationery store.
"Life's Dance" is the litle of the
Dance Drama, which will be pre
sentee! by the members cf Orchesis,
on Monday night at 8:30 o'clock in
the Dance Studio of the Women's
Gym.
The cast, which is composed of
over 50 girls, is the largest to ever
participate in the Dance Drama.
There will be varied dances, °oing
from the sublime to the comic. Much
work is being expended to make the
costumes and settings appropriate.
As well as a piano accompaniment,
numerous percussion instruments
will be featured.
The finale will include a piano
duet on two pianos, by Mrs. Joseph
Goldsmith and Phyllis Goldsmith.
They will play Chopin's Sonata in
B Flat Minor.
Admission is by tickets, which may
be obtained free of charge in front
of the Union tomorrow at 1 o'clock,
and at Keeble's stationery store.
"Life's Dance" is the litle of the
Dance Drama, which will be pre
sentee! by the members cf Orchesis,
on Monday night at 8:30 o'clock in
the Dance Studio of the Women's
Gym.
The cast, which is composed of
over 50 girls, is the largest to ever
participate in the Dance Drama.
There will be varied dances, °oing
from the sublime to the comic. Much
work is being expended to make the
costumes and settings appropriate.
As well as a piano accompaniment,
numerous percussion instruments
will be featured.
The finale will include a piano
duet on two pianos, by Mrs. Joseph
Goldsmith and Phyllis Goldsmith.
They will play Chopin's Sonata in
B Flat Minor.
Admission is by tickets, which may
be obtained free of charge in front
of the Union tomorrow at 1 o'clock,
and at Keeble's stationery store.
"Life's Dance" is the litle of the
Dance Drama, which will be pre
sentee! by the members cf Orchesis,
on Monday night at 8:30 o'clock in
the Dance Studio of the Women's
Gym.
The cast, which is composed of
over 50 girls, is the largest to ever
participate in the Dance Drama.
There will be varied dances, °oing
from the sublime to the comic. Much
work is being expended to make the
costumes and settings appropriate.
As well as a piano accompaniment,
numerous percussion instruments
will be featured.
The finale will include a piano
duet on two pianos, by Mrs. Joseph
Goldsmith and Phyllis Goldsmith.
They will play Chopin's Sonata in
B Flat Minor.
Admission is by tickets, which may
be obtained free of charge in front
of the Union tomorrow at 1 o'clock,
and at Keeble's stationery store.
"Life's Dance" is the litle of the
Dance Drama, which will be pre
sentee! by the members cf Orchesis,
on Monday night at 8:30 o'clock in
the Dance Studio of the Women's
Gym.
The cast, which is composed of
over 50 girls, is the largest to ever
participate in the Dance Drama.
There will be varied dances, °oing
from the sublime to the comic. Much
work is being expended to make the
costumes and settings appropriate.
As well as a piano accompaniment,
numerous percussion instruments
will be featured.
The finale will include a piano
duet on two pianos, by Mrs. Joseph
Goldsmith and Phyllis Goldsmith.
They will play Chopin's Sonata in
B Flat Minor.
Admission is by tickets, which may
be obtained free of charge in front
of the Union tomorrow at 1 o'clock,
and at Keeble's stationery store.
"Life's Dance" is the litle of the
Dance Drama, which will be pre
sentee! by the members cf Orchesis,
on Monday night at 8:30 o'clock in
the Dance Studio of the Women's
Gym.
The cast, which is composed of
over 50 girls, is the largest to ever
participate in the Dance Drama.
There will be varied dances, °oing
from the sublime to the comic. Much
work is being expended to make the
costumes and settings appropriate.
As well as a piano accompaniment,
numerous percussion instruments
will be featured.
The finale will include a piano
duet on two pianos, by Mrs. Joseph
Goldsmith and Phyllis Goldsmith.
They will play Chopin's Sonata in
B Flat Minor.
Admission is by tickets, which may
be obtained free of charge in front
of the Union tomorrow at 1 o'clock,
and at Keeble's stationery store.
"Life's Dance" is the litle of the
Dance Drama, which will be pre
sentee! by the members cf Orchesis,
on Monday night at 8:30 o'clock in
the Dance Studio of the Women's
Gym.
The cast, which is composed of
over 50 girls, is the largest to ever
participate in the Dance Drama.
There will be varied dances, °oing
from the sublime to the comic. Much
work is being expended to make the
costumes and settings appropriate.
As well as a piano accompaniment,
numerous percussion instruments
will be featured.
The finale will include a piano
duet on two pianos, by Mrs. Joseph
Goldsmith and Phyllis Goldsmith.
They will play Chopin's Sonata in
B Flat Minor.
Admission is by tickets, which may
be obtained free of charge in front
of the Union tomorrow at 1 o'clock,
and at Keeble's stationery store.
"Life's Dance" is the litle of the
Dance Drama, which will be pre
sentee! by the members cf Orchesis,
on Monday night at 8:30 o'clock in
the Dance Studio of the Women's
Gym.
The cast, which is composed of
over 50 girls, is the largest to ever
participate in the Dance Drama.
There will be varied dances, °oing
from the sublime to the comic. Much
work is being expended to make the
costumes and settings appropriate.
As well as a piano accompaniment,
numerous percussion instruments
will be featured.
The finale will include a piano
duet on two pianos, by Mrs. Joseph
Goldsmith and Phyllis Goldsmith.
They will play Chopin's Sonata in
B Flat Minor.
Admission is by tickets, which may
be obtained free of charge in front
of the Union tomorrow at 1 o'clock,
and at Keeble's stationery store.
"Life's Dance" is the litle of the
Dance Drama, which will be pre
sentee! by the members cf Orchesis,
on Monday night at 8:30 o'clock in
the Dance Studio of the Women's
Gym.
The cast, which is composed of
over 50 girls, is the largest to ever
participate in the Dance Drama.
There will be varied dances, °oing
from the sublime to the comic. Much
work is being expended to make the
costumes and settings appropriate.
As well as a piano accompaniment,
numerous percussion instruments
will be featured.
The finale will include a piano
duet on two pianos, by Mrs. Joseph
Goldsmith and Phyllis Goldsmith.
They will play Chopin's Sonata in
B Flat Minor.
Admission is by tickets, which may
be obtained free of charge in front
of the Union tomorrow at 1 o'clock,
and at Keeble's stationery store.
"Life's Dance" is the litle of the
Dance Drama, which will be pre
sentee! by the members cf Orchesis,
on Monday night at 8:30 o'clock in
the Dance Studio of the Women's
Gym.
The cast, which is composed of
over 50 girls, is the largest to ever
participate in the Dance Drama.
There will be varied dances, °oing
from the sublime to the comic. Much
work is being expended to make the
costumes and settings appropriate.
As well as a piano accompaniment,
numerous percussion instruments
will be featured.
The finale will include a piano
duet on two pianos, by Mrs. Joseph
Goldsmith and Phyllis Goldsmith.
They will play Chopin's Sonata in
B Flat Minor.
Admission is by tickets, which may
be obtained free of charge in front
of the Union tomorrow at 1 o'clock,
and at Keeble's stationery store.
"Life's Dance" is the litle of the
Dance Drama, which will be pre
sentee! by the members cf Orchesis,
on Monday night at 8:30 o'clock in
the Dance Studio of the Women's
Gym.
The cast, which is composed of
over 50 girls, is the largest to ever
participate in the Dance Drama.
There will be varied dances, °oing
from the sublime to the comic. Much
work is being expended to make the
costumes and settings appropriate.
As well as a piano accompaniment,
numerous percussion instruments
will be featured.
The finale will include a piano
duet on two pianos, by Mrs. Joseph
Goldsmith and Phyllis Goldsmith.
They will play Chopin's Sonata in
B Flat Minor.
Admission is by tickets, which may
be obtained free of charge in front
of the Union tomorrow at 1 o'clock,
and at Keeble's stationery store.
"Life's Dance" is the litle of the
Dance Drama, which will be pre
sentee! by the members cf Orchesis,
on Monday night at 8:30 o'clock in
the Dance Studio of the Women's
Gym.
The cast, which is composed of
over 50 girls, is the largest to ever
participate in the Dance Drama.
There will be varied dances, °oing
from the sublime to the comic. Much
work is being expended to make the
costumes and settings appropriate.
As well as a piano accompaniment,
numerous percussion instruments
will be featured.
The finale will include a piano
duet on two pianos, by Mrs. Joseph
Goldsmith and Phyllis Goldsmith.
They will play Chopin's Sonata in
B Flat Minor.
Admission is by tickets, which may
be obtained free of charge in front
of the Union tomorrow at 1 o'clock,
and at Keeble's stationery store.
"Life's Dance" is the litle of the
Dance Drama, which will be pre
sentee! by the members cf Orchesis,
on Monday night at 8:30 o'clock in
the Dance Studio of the Women's
Gym.
The cast, which is composed of
over 50 girls, is the largest to ever
participate in the Dance Drama.
There will be varied dances, °oing
from the sublime to the comic. Much
work is being expended to make the
costumes and settings appropriate.
As well as a piano accompaniment,
numerous percussion instruments
will be featured.
The finale will include a piano
duet on two pianos, by Mrs. Joseph
Goldsmith and Phyllis Goldsmith.
They will play Chopin's Sonata in
B Flat Minor.
Admission is by tickets, which may
be obtained free of charge in front
of the Union tomorrow at 1 o'clock,
and at Keeble's stationery store.
"Life's Dance" is the litle of the
Dance Drama, which will be pre
sentee! by the members cf Orchesis,
on Monday night at 8:30 o'clock in
the Dance Studio of the Women's
Gym.
The cast, which is composed of
over 50 girls, is the largest to ever
participate in the Dance Drama.
There will be varied dances, °oing
from the sublime to the comic. Much
work is being expended to make the
costumes and settings appropriate.
As well as a piano accompaniment,
numerous percussion instruments
will be featured.
The finale will include a piano
duet on two pianos, by Mrs. Joseph
Goldsmith and Phyllis Goldsmith.
They will play Chopin's Sonata in
B Flat Minor.
Admission is by tickets, which may
be obtained free of charge in front
of the Union tomorrow at 1 o'clock,
and at Keeble's stationery store.
