# JOURNAL CLUB TALK
## 
### 
The Journal Club of the physics
department will hear a talk by Don
ald S. Piston on "Polarization of X
rays from Thin Targets" this after
noon at 4 o'clock in Room 373. Any
one interested is invited to attend.
The Journal Club of the physics
department will hear a talk by Don
ald S. Piston on "Polarization of X
rays from Thin Targets" this after
noon at 4 o'clock in Room 373. Any
one interested is invited to attend.
The Journal Club of the physics
department will hear a talk by Don
ald S. Piston on "Polarization of X
rays from Thin Targets" this after
noon at 4 o'clock in Room 373. Any
one interested is invited to attend.
The Journal Club of the physics
department will hear a talk by Don
ald S. Piston on "Polarization of X
rays from Thin Targets" this after
noon at 4 o'clock in Room 373. Any
one interested is invited to attend.
The Journal Club of the physics
department will hear a talk by Don
ald S. Piston on "Polarization of X
rays from Thin Targets" this after
noon at 4 o'clock in Room 373. Any
one interested is invited to attend.
The Journal Club of the physics
department will hear a talk by Don
ald S. Piston on "Polarization of X
rays from Thin Targets" this after
noon at 4 o'clock in Room 373. Any
one interested is invited to attend.
The Journal Club of the physics
department will hear a talk by Don
ald S. Piston on "Polarization of X
rays from Thin Targets" this after
noon at 4 o'clock in Room 373. Any
one interested is invited to attend.
The Journal Club of the physics
department will hear a talk by Don
ald S. Piston on "Polarization of X
rays from Thin Targets" this after
noon at 4 o'clock in Room 373. Any
one interested is invited to attend.
The Journal Club of the physics
department will hear a talk by Don
ald S. Piston on "Polarization of X
rays from Thin Targets" this after
noon at 4 o'clock in Room 373. Any
one interested is invited to attend.
The Journal Club of the physics
department will hear a talk by Don
ald S. Piston on "Polarization of X
rays from Thin Targets" this after
noon at 4 o'clock in Room 373. Any
one interested is invited to attend.
The Journal Club of the physics
department will hear a talk by Don
ald S. Piston on "Polarization of X
rays from Thin Targets" this after
noon at 4 o'clock in Room 373. Any
one interested is invited to attend.
The Journal Club of the physics
department will hear a talk by Don
ald S. Piston on "Polarization of X
rays from Thin Targets" this after
noon at 4 o'clock in Room 373. Any
one interested is invited to attend.
The Journal Club of the physics
department will hear a talk by Don
ald S. Piston on "Polarization of X
rays from Thin Targets" this after
noon at 4 o'clock in Room 373. Any
one interested is invited to attend.
The Journal Club of the physics
department will hear a talk by Don
ald S. Piston on "Polarization of X
rays from Thin Targets" this after
noon at 4 o'clock in Room 373. Any
one interested is invited to attend.
The Journal Club of the physics
department will hear a talk by Don
ald S. Piston on "Polarization of X
rays from Thin Targets" this after
noon at 4 o'clock in Room 373. Any
one interested is invited to attend.
