# Tennis Intramurals Lag Behind Schedule
## 
### 
Hampered by inclement wea
ther, intramural tennis is lagging
behind in its long schedule, ac
cording to Elwyn Bugge, head of
mural sports. Bugge emphasized
that unplayed matches he finished
by this afternooVi if possible.
Unplayed matches that should be
completed by today are Buchanan
112 vs. Toyon 224; Buchanan II vs.
Arthur and Washington vs. Toyon
150.
Hampered by inclement wea
ther, intramural tennis is lagging
behind in its long schedule, ac
cording to Elwyn Bugge, head of
mural sports. Bugge emphasized
that unplayed matches he finished
by this afternooVi if possible.
Unplayed matches that should be
completed by today are Buchanan
112 vs. Toyon 224; Buchanan II vs.
Arthur and Washington vs. Toyon
150.
Hampered by inclement wea
ther, intramural tennis is lagging
behind in its long schedule, ac
cording to Elwyn Bugge, head of
mural sports. Bugge emphasized
that unplayed matches he finished
by this afternooVi if possible.
Unplayed matches that should be
completed by today are Buchanan
112 vs. Toyon 224; Buchanan II vs.
Arthur and Washington vs. Toyon
150.
Hampered by inclement wea
ther, intramural tennis is lagging
behind in its long schedule, ac
cording to Elwyn Bugge, head of
mural sports. Bugge emphasized
that unplayed matches he finished
by this afternooVi if possible.
Unplayed matches that should be
completed by today are Buchanan
112 vs. Toyon 224; Buchanan II vs.
Arthur and Washington vs. Toyon
150.
Hampered by inclement wea
ther, intramural tennis is lagging
behind in its long schedule, ac
cording to Elwyn Bugge, head of
mural sports. Bugge emphasized
that unplayed matches he finished
by this afternooVi if possible.
Unplayed matches that should be
completed by today are Buchanan
112 vs. Toyon 224; Buchanan II vs.
Arthur and Washington vs. Toyon
150.
Hampered by inclement wea
ther, intramural tennis is lagging
behind in its long schedule, ac
cording to Elwyn Bugge, head of
mural sports. Bugge emphasized
that unplayed matches he finished
by this afternooVi if possible.
Unplayed matches that should be
completed by today are Buchanan
112 vs. Toyon 224; Buchanan II vs.
Arthur and Washington vs. Toyon
150.
Hampered by inclement wea
ther, intramural tennis is lagging
behind in its long schedule, ac
cording to Elwyn Bugge, head of
mural sports. Bugge emphasized
that unplayed matches he finished
by this afternooVi if possible.
Unplayed matches that should be
completed by today are Buchanan
112 vs. Toyon 224; Buchanan II vs.
Arthur and Washington vs. Toyon
150.
Hampered by inclement wea
ther, intramural tennis is lagging
behind in its long schedule, ac
cording to Elwyn Bugge, head of
mural sports. Bugge emphasized
that unplayed matches he finished
by this afternooVi if possible.
Unplayed matches that should be
completed by today are Buchanan
112 vs. Toyon 224; Buchanan II vs.
Arthur and Washington vs. Toyon
150.
Hampered by inclement wea
ther, intramural tennis is lagging
behind in its long schedule, ac
cording to Elwyn Bugge, head of
mural sports. Bugge emphasized
that unplayed matches he finished
by this afternooVi if possible.
Unplayed matches that should be
completed by today are Buchanan
112 vs. Toyon 224; Buchanan II vs.
Arthur and Washington vs. Toyon
150.
Hampered by inclement wea
ther, intramural tennis is lagging
behind in its long schedule, ac
cording to Elwyn Bugge, head of
mural sports. Bugge emphasized
that unplayed matches he finished
by this afternooVi if possible.
Unplayed matches that should be
completed by today are Buchanan
112 vs. Toyon 224; Buchanan II vs.
Arthur and Washington vs. Toyon
150.
Hampered by inclement wea
ther, intramural tennis is lagging
behind in its long schedule, ac
cording to Elwyn Bugge, head of
mural sports. Bugge emphasized
that unplayed matches he finished
by this afternooVi if possible.
Unplayed matches that should be
completed by today are Buchanan
112 vs. Toyon 224; Buchanan II vs.
Arthur and Washington vs. Toyon
150.
Hampered by inclement wea
ther, intramural tennis is lagging
behind in its long schedule, ac
cording to Elwyn Bugge, head of
mural sports. Bugge emphasized
that unplayed matches he finished
by this afternooVi if possible.
Unplayed matches that should be
completed by today are Buchanan
112 vs. Toyon 224; Buchanan II vs.
Arthur and Washington vs. Toyon
150.
Hampered by inclement wea
ther, intramural tennis is lagging
behind in its long schedule, ac
cording to Elwyn Bugge, head of
mural sports. Bugge emphasized
that unplayed matches he finished
by this afternooVi if possible.
Unplayed matches that should be
completed by today are Buchanan
112 vs. Toyon 224; Buchanan II vs.
Arthur and Washington vs. Toyon
150.
Hampered by inclement wea
ther, intramural tennis is lagging
behind in its long schedule, ac
cording to Elwyn Bugge, head of
mural sports. Bugge emphasized
that unplayed matches he finished
by this afternooVi if possible.
Unplayed matches that should be
completed by today are Buchanan
112 vs. Toyon 224; Buchanan II vs.
Arthur and Washington vs. Toyon
150.
Hampered by inclement wea
ther, intramural tennis is lagging
behind in its long schedule, ac
cording to Elwyn Bugge, head of
mural sports. Bugge emphasized
that unplayed matches he finished
by this afternooVi if possible.
Unplayed matches that should be
completed by today are Buchanan
112 vs. Toyon 224; Buchanan II vs.
Arthur and Washington vs. Toyon
150.
Hampered by inclement wea
ther, intramural tennis is lagging
behind in its long schedule, ac
cording to Elwyn Bugge, head of
mural sports. Bugge emphasized
that unplayed matches he finished
by this afternooVi if possible.
Unplayed matches that should be
completed by today are Buchanan
112 vs. Toyon 224; Buchanan II vs.
Arthur and Washington vs. Toyon
150.
