# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Several inquiries made to the ed
if.oi\s of the Daily Palo Ar/ro sug
gest, the mention of a matter which
ought lo have been thoroughly un
derstood lefore. That matter is con
cerning the contribution of material
on the ]>art of lho.-e who do not hap
pen lo be on the start'of editors. As
editors, we often have our hands full
of many important, matters which
often cause us to overlook some mi
nor details to which our attention
ought to be called. If every one of
the students felt it his particular du
ty to contribute items of news when
ever such items occurred to him, the
paper would become of much more
interest to every one. Two or throe
who feel that the success of the
Daily Palo Alto is to redound to
the credit of the University have
taken upon themselves, unsolicited,
the task of watching the daily im
pels and reporting to the editors
such items as may bj of interest.
The service thus rendered is greatly
appreciated by the slnlV.
