# Room Reservations For Men Postponed
## 
### 
Tin* date for reserving men's
rooms has been postponed indefi
nitely. An announcement will be
made in the Daily when room res
ervations can be made.
Summer housing plans have not
been announced yet but during
fall quarter. Cleveland. Sequoia,
and Arthur will be open to re
turning students; Monroe will be
open to graduate students; and
Washington will be open to En
gineering students, according to
Dean Bunn.
Tin* date for reserving men's
rooms has been postponed indefi
nitely. An announcement will be
made in the Daily when room res
ervations can be made.
Summer housing plans have not
been announced yet but during
fall quarter. Cleveland. Sequoia,
and Arthur will be open to re
turning students; Monroe will be
open to graduate students; and
Washington will be open to En
gineering students, according to
Dean Bunn.
Tin* date for reserving men's
rooms has been postponed indefi
nitely. An announcement will be
made in the Daily when room res
ervations can be made.
Summer housing plans have not
been announced yet but during
fall quarter. Cleveland. Sequoia,
and Arthur will be open to re
turning students; Monroe will be
open to graduate students; and
Washington will be open to En
gineering students, according to
Dean Bunn.
Tin* date for reserving men's
rooms has been postponed indefi
nitely. An announcement will be
made in the Daily when room res
ervations can be made.
Summer housing plans have not
been announced yet but during
fall quarter. Cleveland. Sequoia,
and Arthur will be open to re
turning students; Monroe will be
open to graduate students; and
Washington will be open to En
gineering students, according to
Dean Bunn.
Tin* date for reserving men's
rooms has been postponed indefi
nitely. An announcement will be
made in the Daily when room res
ervations can be made.
Summer housing plans have not
been announced yet but during
fall quarter. Cleveland. Sequoia,
and Arthur will be open to re
turning students; Monroe will be
open to graduate students; and
Washington will be open to En
gineering students, according to
Dean Bunn.
Tin* date for reserving men's
rooms has been postponed indefi
nitely. An announcement will be
made in the Daily when room res
ervations can be made.
Summer housing plans have not
been announced yet but during
fall quarter. Cleveland. Sequoia,
and Arthur will be open to re
turning students; Monroe will be
open to graduate students; and
Washington will be open to En
gineering students, according to
Dean Bunn.
Tin* date for reserving men's
rooms has been postponed indefi
nitely. An announcement will be
made in the Daily when room res
ervations can be made.
Summer housing plans have not
been announced yet but during
fall quarter. Cleveland. Sequoia,
and Arthur will be open to re
turning students; Monroe will be
open to graduate students; and
Washington will be open to En
gineering students, according to
Dean Bunn.
Tin* date for reserving men's
rooms has been postponed indefi
nitely. An announcement will be
made in the Daily when room res
ervations can be made.
Summer housing plans have not
been announced yet but during
fall quarter. Cleveland. Sequoia,
and Arthur will be open to re
turning students; Monroe will be
open to graduate students; and
Washington will be open to En
gineering students, according to
Dean Bunn.
Tin* date for reserving men's
rooms has been postponed indefi
nitely. An announcement will be
made in the Daily when room res
ervations can be made.
Summer housing plans have not
been announced yet but during
fall quarter. Cleveland. Sequoia,
and Arthur will be open to re
turning students; Monroe will be
open to graduate students; and
Washington will be open to En
gineering students, according to
Dean Bunn.
Tin* date for reserving men's
rooms has been postponed indefi
nitely. An announcement will be
made in the Daily when room res
ervations can be made.
Summer housing plans have not
been announced yet but during
fall quarter. Cleveland. Sequoia,
and Arthur will be open to re
turning students; Monroe will be
open to graduate students; and
Washington will be open to En
gineering students, according to
Dean Bunn.
Tin* date for reserving men's
rooms has been postponed indefi
nitely. An announcement will be
made in the Daily when room res
ervations can be made.
Summer housing plans have not
been announced yet but during
fall quarter. Cleveland. Sequoia,
and Arthur will be open to re
turning students; Monroe will be
open to graduate students; and
Washington will be open to En
gineering students, according to
Dean Bunn.
Tin* date for reserving men's
rooms has been postponed indefi
nitely. An announcement will be
made in the Daily when room res
ervations can be made.
Summer housing plans have not
been announced yet but during
fall quarter. Cleveland. Sequoia,
and Arthur will be open to re
turning students; Monroe will be
open to graduate students; and
Washington will be open to En
gineering students, according to
Dean Bunn.
Tin* date for reserving men's
rooms has been postponed indefi
nitely. An announcement will be
made in the Daily when room res
ervations can be made.
Summer housing plans have not
been announced yet but during
fall quarter. Cleveland. Sequoia,
and Arthur will be open to re
turning students; Monroe will be
open to graduate students; and
Washington will be open to En
gineering students, according to
Dean Bunn.
Tin* date for reserving men's
rooms has been postponed indefi
nitely. An announcement will be
made in the Daily when room res
ervations can be made.
Summer housing plans have not
been announced yet but during
fall quarter. Cleveland. Sequoia,
and Arthur will be open to re
turning students; Monroe will be
open to graduate students; and
Washington will be open to En
gineering students, according to
Dean Bunn.
Tin* date for reserving men's
rooms has been postponed indefi
nitely. An announcement will be
made in the Daily when room res
ervations can be made.
Summer housing plans have not
been announced yet but during
fall quarter. Cleveland. Sequoia,
and Arthur will be open to re
turning students; Monroe will be
open to graduate students; and
Washington will be open to En
gineering students, according to
Dean Bunn.
