# DAN EVANS WRITES PLAY
## 
### 
Daniel W. Evans, '22, is the author of
"Beach Boy," a musical extravaganza,
now being produced at. the Paramount
Studios. He is now in Hollywood direct
ing the scenario work, having taken a
leave from his San Francisco law of
fice.
Daniel W. Evans, '22, is the author of
"Beach Boy," a musical extravaganza,
now being produced at. the Paramount
Studios. He is now in Hollywood direct
ing the scenario work, having taken a
leave from his San Francisco law of
fice.
Daniel W. Evans, '22, is the author of
"Beach Boy," a musical extravaganza,
now being produced at. the Paramount
Studios. He is now in Hollywood direct
ing the scenario work, having taken a
leave from his San Francisco law of
fice.
Daniel W. Evans, '22, is the author of
"Beach Boy," a musical extravaganza,
now being produced at. the Paramount
Studios. He is now in Hollywood direct
ing the scenario work, having taken a
leave from his San Francisco law of
fice.
Daniel W. Evans, '22, is the author of
"Beach Boy," a musical extravaganza,
now being produced at. the Paramount
Studios. He is now in Hollywood direct
ing the scenario work, having taken a
leave from his San Francisco law of
fice.
Daniel W. Evans, '22, is the author of
"Beach Boy," a musical extravaganza,
now being produced at. the Paramount
Studios. He is now in Hollywood direct
ing the scenario work, having taken a
leave from his San Francisco law of
fice.
Daniel W. Evans, '22, is the author of
"Beach Boy," a musical extravaganza,
now being produced at. the Paramount
Studios. He is now in Hollywood direct
ing the scenario work, having taken a
leave from his San Francisco law of
fice.
Daniel W. Evans, '22, is the author of
"Beach Boy," a musical extravaganza,
now being produced at. the Paramount
Studios. He is now in Hollywood direct
ing the scenario work, having taken a
leave from his San Francisco law of
fice.
Daniel W. Evans, '22, is the author of
"Beach Boy," a musical extravaganza,
now being produced at. the Paramount
Studios. He is now in Hollywood direct
ing the scenario work, having taken a
leave from his San Francisco law of
fice.
Daniel W. Evans, '22, is the author of
"Beach Boy," a musical extravaganza,
now being produced at. the Paramount
Studios. He is now in Hollywood direct
ing the scenario work, having taken a
leave from his San Francisco law of
fice.
Daniel W. Evans, '22, is the author of
"Beach Boy," a musical extravaganza,
now being produced at. the Paramount
Studios. He is now in Hollywood direct
ing the scenario work, having taken a
leave from his San Francisco law of
fice.
Daniel W. Evans, '22, is the author of
"Beach Boy," a musical extravaganza,
now being produced at. the Paramount
Studios. He is now in Hollywood direct
ing the scenario work, having taken a
leave from his San Francisco law of
fice.
Daniel W. Evans, '22, is the author of
"Beach Boy," a musical extravaganza,
now being produced at. the Paramount
Studios. He is now in Hollywood direct
ing the scenario work, having taken a
leave from his San Francisco law of
fice.
Daniel W. Evans, '22, is the author of
"Beach Boy," a musical extravaganza,
now being produced at. the Paramount
Studios. He is now in Hollywood direct
ing the scenario work, having taken a
leave from his San Francisco law of
fice.
