# BASKETBALL GAME NOT PLAYED
## 
### 
The basketball game with Whittier
scheduled for last evening was not
played owing to the failure of Stan
ford's opponents to put in an appear
ance.
The basketball game with Whittier
scheduled for last evening was not
played owing to the failure of Stan
ford's opponents to put in an appear
ance.
The basketball game with Whittier
scheduled for last evening was not
played owing to the failure of Stan
ford's opponents to put in an appear
ance.
The basketball game with Whittier
scheduled for last evening was not
played owing to the failure of Stan
ford's opponents to put in an appear
ance.
The basketball game with Whittier
scheduled for last evening was not
played owing to the failure of Stan
ford's opponents to put in an appear
ance.
The basketball game with Whittier
scheduled for last evening was not
played owing to the failure of Stan
ford's opponents to put in an appear
ance.
The basketball game with Whittier
scheduled for last evening was not
played owing to the failure of Stan
ford's opponents to put in an appear
ance.
The basketball game with Whittier
scheduled for last evening was not
played owing to the failure of Stan
ford's opponents to put in an appear
ance.
The basketball game with Whittier
scheduled for last evening was not
played owing to the failure of Stan
ford's opponents to put in an appear
ance.
The basketball game with Whittier
scheduled for last evening was not
played owing to the failure of Stan
ford's opponents to put in an appear
ance.
The basketball game with Whittier
scheduled for last evening was not
played owing to the failure of Stan
ford's opponents to put in an appear
ance.
The basketball game with Whittier
scheduled for last evening was not
played owing to the failure of Stan
ford's opponents to put in an appear
ance.
The basketball game with Whittier
scheduled for last evening was not
played owing to the failure of Stan
ford's opponents to put in an appear
ance.
The basketball game with Whittier
scheduled for last evening was not
played owing to the failure of Stan
ford's opponents to put in an appear
ance.
