# SCHOOL ATHLETES MAY BREAK MANY RECORDS
## SHOT PUT, SSO, MILE AND SPRINTS LIKELY TO GO. Several Institutions Have Good Chance of Winning Meet From Early Prospects. 
### 
Never before in the history of the
Interscholastic meets on the Pacific
Coast have such a strong all around
group of preparatory school athletes
gathered to compete in a meet as will
contest on Saturday on the Stanford
track. This will be the championship
meet of the Pacific Coast, and the win
ners of the events may well be called
the champions of their respective
events in the State.
Many schools have entered the meet
this year that have never been repre
sented before.
It will not be surprising to see
several of the Stanford Interschol
astic records broken when the youth
ful athletes come to the tape. Beebe,
of Anaheim, is counted on to make a
name for himself in the SSO and mile
runs. The prep, runner has showed
his heels to all competitors this sea-
Eon, making a record of 1:59:1 for the
two laps, and 4:32 for the mile.
Johnson, of Los Angeles, Parker, of
Stockton, Stone, of Pomona, and
Mriggs, of Healdsburg, will afford
keen competition if they uphold their
prep, school performances. Each of
these men has been clocked in 10:1
for the hundred, and Johnson has a
record of 10 seconds fiat for the dis
tance.
In the weights several of the best'
men in the r tate are entered. Walters,
of Exeter, and Pearch, of Palo Alto,
are good for 100 feet in the hammer
throw. The shot put record estab
lished last year will undoubtedly be
broken. Deßuchie, of Gridley, and
Caughey, of Ukiah, are putting the
twelve pound shot well over fifty-one
feet.
Nichols, of Pomona, and Hall and
Munger are a trio of consistant per
formers in the pole vault who are
counted on to break the record of 11
feet 7/> inches in the pole vault.
Nichols will also try to break his own
record of fi feet 2 inches in the high
jump.
Never before in the history of the
Interscholastic meets on the Pacific
Coast have such a strong all around
group of preparatory school athletes
gathered to compete in a meet as will
contest on Saturday on the Stanford
track. This will be the championship
meet of the Pacific Coast, and the win
ners of the events may well be called
the champions of their respective
events in the State.
Many schools have entered the meet
this year that have never been repre
sented before.
It will not be surprising to see
several of the Stanford Interschol
astic records broken when the youth
ful athletes come to the tape. Beebe,
of Anaheim, is counted on to make a
name for himself in the SSO and mile
runs. The prep, runner has showed
his heels to all competitors this sea-
Eon, making a record of 1:59:1 for the
two laps, and 4:32 for the mile.
Johnson, of Los Angeles, Parker, of
Stockton, Stone, of Pomona, and
Mriggs, of Healdsburg, will afford
keen competition if they uphold their
prep, school performances. Each of
these men has been clocked in 10:1
for the hundred, and Johnson has a
record of 10 seconds fiat for the dis
tance.
In the weights several of the best'
men in the r tate are entered. Walters,
of Exeter, and Pearch, of Palo Alto,
are good for 100 feet in the hammer
throw. The shot put record estab
lished last year will undoubtedly be
broken. Deßuchie, of Gridley, and
Caughey, of Ukiah, are putting the
twelve pound shot well over fifty-one
feet.
Nichols, of Pomona, and Hall and
Munger are a trio of consistant per
formers in the pole vault who are
counted on to break the record of 11
feet 7/> inches in the pole vault.
Nichols will also try to break his own
record of fi feet 2 inches in the high
jump.
Never before in the history of the
Interscholastic meets on the Pacific
Coast have such a strong all around
group of preparatory school athletes
gathered to compete in a meet as will
contest on Saturday on the Stanford
track. This will be the championship
meet of the Pacific Coast, and the win
ners of the events may well be called
the champions of their respective
events in the State.
Many schools have entered the meet
this year that have never been repre
sented before.
It will not be surprising to see
several of the Stanford Interschol
astic records broken when the youth
ful athletes come to the tape. Beebe,
of Anaheim, is counted on to make a
name for himself in the SSO and mile
runs. The prep, runner has showed
his heels to all competitors this sea-
Eon, making a record of 1:59:1 for the
two laps, and 4:32 for the mile.
Johnson, of Los Angeles, Parker, of
Stockton, Stone, of Pomona, and
Mriggs, of Healdsburg, will afford
keen competition if they uphold their
prep, school performances. Each of
these men has been clocked in 10:1
for the hundred, and Johnson has a
record of 10 seconds fiat for the dis
tance.
In the weights several of the best'
men in the r tate are entered. Walters,
of Exeter, and Pearch, of Palo Alto,
are good for 100 feet in the hammer
throw. The shot put record estab
lished last year will undoubtedly be
broken. Deßuchie, of Gridley, and
Caughey, of Ukiah, are putting the
twelve pound shot well over fifty-one
feet.
Nichols, of Pomona, and Hall and
Munger are a trio of consistant per
formers in the pole vault who are
counted on to break the record of 11
feet 7/> inches in the pole vault.
Nichols will also try to break his own
record of fi feet 2 inches in the high
jump.
Never before in the history of the
Interscholastic meets on the Pacific
Coast have such a strong all around
group of preparatory school athletes
gathered to compete in a meet as will
contest on Saturday on the Stanford
track. This will be the championship
meet of the Pacific Coast, and the win
ners of the events may well be called
the champions of their respective
events in the State.
Many schools have entered the meet
this year that have never been repre
sented before.
It will not be surprising to see
several of the Stanford Interschol
astic records broken when the youth
ful athletes come to the tape. Beebe,
of Anaheim, is counted on to make a
name for himself in the SSO and mile
runs. The prep, runner has showed
his heels to all competitors this sea-
Eon, making a record of 1:59:1 for the
two laps, and 4:32 for the mile.
Johnson, of Los Angeles, Parker, of
Stockton, Stone, of Pomona, and
Mriggs, of Healdsburg, will afford
keen competition if they uphold their
prep, school performances. Each of
these men has been clocked in 10:1
for the hundred, and Johnson has a
record of 10 seconds fiat for the dis
tance.
In the weights several of the best'
men in the r tate are entered. Walters,
of Exeter, and Pearch, of Palo Alto,
are good for 100 feet in the hammer
throw. The shot put record estab
lished last year will undoubtedly be
broken. Deßuchie, of Gridley, and
Caughey, of Ukiah, are putting the
twelve pound shot well over fifty-one
feet.
Nichols, of Pomona, and Hall and
Munger are a trio of consistant per
formers in the pole vault who are
counted on to break the record of 11
feet 7/> inches in the pole vault.
Nichols will also try to break his own
record of fi feet 2 inches in the high
jump.
Never before in the history of the
Interscholastic meets on the Pacific
Coast have such a strong all around
group of preparatory school athletes
gathered to compete in a meet as will
contest on Saturday on the Stanford
track. This will be the championship
meet of the Pacific Coast, and the win
ners of the events may well be called
the champions of their respective
events in the State.
Many schools have entered the meet
this year that have never been repre
sented before.
It will not be surprising to see
several of the Stanford Interschol
astic records broken when the youth
ful athletes come to the tape. Beebe,
of Anaheim, is counted on to make a
name for himself in the SSO and mile
runs. The prep, runner has showed
his heels to all competitors this sea-
Eon, making a record of 1:59:1 for the
two laps, and 4:32 for the mile.
Johnson, of Los Angeles, Parker, of
Stockton, Stone, of Pomona, and
Mriggs, of Healdsburg, will afford
keen competition if they uphold their
prep, school performances. Each of
these men has been clocked in 10:1
for the hundred, and Johnson has a
record of 10 seconds fiat for the dis
tance.
In the weights several of the best'
men in the r tate are entered. Walters,
of Exeter, and Pearch, of Palo Alto,
are good for 100 feet in the hammer
throw. The shot put record estab
lished last year will undoubtedly be
broken. Deßuchie, of Gridley, and
Caughey, of Ukiah, are putting the
twelve pound shot well over fifty-one
feet.
Nichols, of Pomona, and Hall and
Munger are a trio of consistant per
formers in the pole vault who are
counted on to break the record of 11
feet 7/> inches in the pole vault.
Nichols will also try to break his own
record of fi feet 2 inches in the high
jump.
Never before in the history of the
Interscholastic meets on the Pacific
Coast have such a strong all around
group of preparatory school athletes
gathered to compete in a meet as will
contest on Saturday on the Stanford
track. This will be the championship
meet of the Pacific Coast, and the win
ners of the events may well be called
the champions of their respective
events in the State.
Many schools have entered the meet
this year that have never been repre
sented before.
It will not be surprising to see
several of the Stanford Interschol
astic records broken when the youth
ful athletes come to the tape. Beebe,
of Anaheim, is counted on to make a
name for himself in the SSO and mile
runs. The prep, runner has showed
his heels to all competitors this sea-
Eon, making a record of 1:59:1 for the
two laps, and 4:32 for the mile.
Johnson, of Los Angeles, Parker, of
Stockton, Stone, of Pomona, and
Mriggs, of Healdsburg, will afford
keen competition if they uphold their
prep, school performances. Each of
these men has been clocked in 10:1
for the hundred, and Johnson has a
record of 10 seconds fiat for the dis
tance.
In the weights several of the best'
men in the r tate are entered. Walters,
of Exeter, and Pearch, of Palo Alto,
are good for 100 feet in the hammer
throw. The shot put record estab
lished last year will undoubtedly be
broken. Deßuchie, of Gridley, and
Caughey, of Ukiah, are putting the
twelve pound shot well over fifty-one
feet.
Nichols, of Pomona, and Hall and
Munger are a trio of consistant per
formers in the pole vault who are
counted on to break the record of 11
feet 7/> inches in the pole vault.
Nichols will also try to break his own
record of fi feet 2 inches in the high
jump.
Never before in the history of the
Interscholastic meets on the Pacific
Coast have such a strong all around
group of preparatory school athletes
gathered to compete in a meet as will
contest on Saturday on the Stanford
track. This will be the championship
meet of the Pacific Coast, and the win
ners of the events may well be called
the champions of their respective
events in the State.
Many schools have entered the meet
this year that have never been repre
sented before.
It will not be surprising to see
several of the Stanford Interschol
astic records broken when the youth
ful athletes come to the tape. Beebe,
of Anaheim, is counted on to make a
name for himself in the SSO and mile
runs. The prep, runner has showed
his heels to all competitors this sea-
Eon, making a record of 1:59:1 for the
two laps, and 4:32 for the mile.
Johnson, of Los Angeles, Parker, of
Stockton, Stone, of Pomona, and
Mriggs, of Healdsburg, will afford
keen competition if they uphold their
prep, school performances. Each of
these men has been clocked in 10:1
for the hundred, and Johnson has a
record of 10 seconds fiat for the dis
tance.
In the weights several of the best'
men in the r tate are entered. Walters,
of Exeter, and Pearch, of Palo Alto,
are good for 100 feet in the hammer
throw. The shot put record estab
lished last year will undoubtedly be
broken. Deßuchie, of Gridley, and
Caughey, of Ukiah, are putting the
twelve pound shot well over fifty-one
feet.
Nichols, of Pomona, and Hall and
Munger are a trio of consistant per
formers in the pole vault who are
counted on to break the record of 11
feet 7/> inches in the pole vault.
Nichols will also try to break his own
record of fi feet 2 inches in the high
jump.
Never before in the history of the
Interscholastic meets on the Pacific
Coast have such a strong all around
group of preparatory school athletes
gathered to compete in a meet as will
contest on Saturday on the Stanford
track. This will be the championship
meet of the Pacific Coast, and the win
ners of the events may well be called
the champions of their respective
events in the State.
Many schools have entered the meet
this year that have never been repre
sented before.
It will not be surprising to see
several of the Stanford Interschol
astic records broken when the youth
ful athletes come to the tape. Beebe,
of Anaheim, is counted on to make a
name for himself in the SSO and mile
runs. The prep, runner has showed
his heels to all competitors this sea-
Eon, making a record of 1:59:1 for the
two laps, and 4:32 for the mile.
Johnson, of Los Angeles, Parker, of
Stockton, Stone, of Pomona, and
Mriggs, of Healdsburg, will afford
keen competition if they uphold their
prep, school performances. Each of
these men has been clocked in 10:1
for the hundred, and Johnson has a
record of 10 seconds fiat for the dis
tance.
In the weights several of the best'
men in the r tate are entered. Walters,
of Exeter, and Pearch, of Palo Alto,
are good for 100 feet in the hammer
throw. The shot put record estab
lished last year will undoubtedly be
broken. Deßuchie, of Gridley, and
Caughey, of Ukiah, are putting the
twelve pound shot well over fifty-one
feet.
Nichols, of Pomona, and Hall and
Munger are a trio of consistant per
formers in the pole vault who are
counted on to break the record of 11
feet 7/> inches in the pole vault.
Nichols will also try to break his own
record of fi feet 2 inches in the high
jump.
Never before in the history of the
Interscholastic meets on the Pacific
Coast have such a strong all around
group of preparatory school athletes
gathered to compete in a meet as will
contest on Saturday on the Stanford
track. This will be the championship
meet of the Pacific Coast, and the win
ners of the events may well be called
the champions of their respective
events in the State.
Many schools have entered the meet
this year that have never been repre
sented before.
It will not be surprising to see
several of the Stanford Interschol
astic records broken when the youth
ful athletes come to the tape. Beebe,
of Anaheim, is counted on to make a
name for himself in the SSO and mile
runs. The prep, runner has showed
his heels to all competitors this sea-
Eon, making a record of 1:59:1 for the
two laps, and 4:32 for the mile.
Johnson, of Los Angeles, Parker, of
Stockton, Stone, of Pomona, and
Mriggs, of Healdsburg, will afford
keen competition if they uphold their
prep, school performances. Each of
these men has been clocked in 10:1
for the hundred, and Johnson has a
record of 10 seconds fiat for the dis
tance.
In the weights several of the best'
men in the r tate are entered. Walters,
of Exeter, and Pearch, of Palo Alto,
are good for 100 feet in the hammer
throw. The shot put record estab
lished last year will undoubtedly be
broken. Deßuchie, of Gridley, and
Caughey, of Ukiah, are putting the
twelve pound shot well over fifty-one
feet.
Nichols, of Pomona, and Hall and
Munger are a trio of consistant per
formers in the pole vault who are
counted on to break the record of 11
feet 7/> inches in the pole vault.
Nichols will also try to break his own
record of fi feet 2 inches in the high
jump.
Never before in the history of the
Interscholastic meets on the Pacific
Coast have such a strong all around
group of preparatory school athletes
gathered to compete in a meet as will
contest on Saturday on the Stanford
track. This will be the championship
meet of the Pacific Coast, and the win
ners of the events may well be called
the champions of their respective
events in the State.
Many schools have entered the meet
this year that have never been repre
sented before.
It will not be surprising to see
several of the Stanford Interschol
astic records broken when the youth
ful athletes come to the tape. Beebe,
of Anaheim, is counted on to make a
name for himself in the SSO and mile
runs. The prep, runner has showed
his heels to all competitors this sea-
Eon, making a record of 1:59:1 for the
two laps, and 4:32 for the mile.
Johnson, of Los Angeles, Parker, of
Stockton, Stone, of Pomona, and
Mriggs, of Healdsburg, will afford
keen competition if they uphold their
prep, school performances. Each of
these men has been clocked in 10:1
for the hundred, and Johnson has a
record of 10 seconds fiat for the dis
tance.
In the weights several of the best'
men in the r tate are entered. Walters,
of Exeter, and Pearch, of Palo Alto,
are good for 100 feet in the hammer
throw. The shot put record estab
lished last year will undoubtedly be
broken. Deßuchie, of Gridley, and
Caughey, of Ukiah, are putting the
twelve pound shot well over fifty-one
feet.
Nichols, of Pomona, and Hall and
Munger are a trio of consistant per
formers in the pole vault who are
counted on to break the record of 11
feet 7/> inches in the pole vault.
Nichols will also try to break his own
record of fi feet 2 inches in the high
jump.
Never before in the history of the
Interscholastic meets on the Pacific
Coast have such a strong all around
group of preparatory school athletes
gathered to compete in a meet as will
contest on Saturday on the Stanford
track. This will be the championship
meet of the Pacific Coast, and the win
ners of the events may well be called
the champions of their respective
events in the State.
Many schools have entered the meet
this year that have never been repre
sented before.
It will not be surprising to see
several of the Stanford Interschol
astic records broken when the youth
ful athletes come to the tape. Beebe,
of Anaheim, is counted on to make a
name for himself in the SSO and mile
runs. The prep, runner has showed
his heels to all competitors this sea-
Eon, making a record of 1:59:1 for the
two laps, and 4:32 for the mile.
Johnson, of Los Angeles, Parker, of
Stockton, Stone, of Pomona, and
Mriggs, of Healdsburg, will afford
keen competition if they uphold their
prep, school performances. Each of
these men has been clocked in 10:1
for the hundred, and Johnson has a
record of 10 seconds fiat for the dis
tance.
In the weights several of the best'
men in the r tate are entered. Walters,
of Exeter, and Pearch, of Palo Alto,
are good for 100 feet in the hammer
throw. The shot put record estab
lished last year will undoubtedly be
broken. Deßuchie, of Gridley, and
Caughey, of Ukiah, are putting the
twelve pound shot well over fifty-one
feet.
Nichols, of Pomona, and Hall and
Munger are a trio of consistant per
formers in the pole vault who are
counted on to break the record of 11
feet 7/> inches in the pole vault.
Nichols will also try to break his own
record of fi feet 2 inches in the high
jump.
Never before in the history of the
Interscholastic meets on the Pacific
Coast have such a strong all around
group of preparatory school athletes
gathered to compete in a meet as will
contest on Saturday on the Stanford
track. This will be the championship
meet of the Pacific Coast, and the win
ners of the events may well be called
the champions of their respective
events in the State.
Many schools have entered the meet
this year that have never been repre
sented before.
It will not be surprising to see
several of the Stanford Interschol
astic records broken when the youth
ful athletes come to the tape. Beebe,
of Anaheim, is counted on to make a
name for himself in the SSO and mile
runs. The prep, runner has showed
his heels to all competitors this sea-
Eon, making a record of 1:59:1 for the
two laps, and 4:32 for the mile.
Johnson, of Los Angeles, Parker, of
Stockton, Stone, of Pomona, and
Mriggs, of Healdsburg, will afford
keen competition if they uphold their
prep, school performances. Each of
these men has been clocked in 10:1
for the hundred, and Johnson has a
record of 10 seconds fiat for the dis
tance.
In the weights several of the best'
men in the r tate are entered. Walters,
of Exeter, and Pearch, of Palo Alto,
are good for 100 feet in the hammer
throw. The shot put record estab
lished last year will undoubtedly be
broken. Deßuchie, of Gridley, and
Caughey, of Ukiah, are putting the
twelve pound shot well over fifty-one
feet.
Nichols, of Pomona, and Hall and
Munger are a trio of consistant per
formers in the pole vault who are
counted on to break the record of 11
feet 7/> inches in the pole vault.
Nichols will also try to break his own
record of fi feet 2 inches in the high
jump.
Never before in the history of the
Interscholastic meets on the Pacific
Coast have such a strong all around
group of preparatory school athletes
gathered to compete in a meet as will
contest on Saturday on the Stanford
track. This will be the championship
meet of the Pacific Coast, and the win
ners of the events may well be called
the champions of their respective
events in the State.
Many schools have entered the meet
this year that have never been repre
sented before.
It will not be surprising to see
several of the Stanford Interschol
astic records broken when the youth
ful athletes come to the tape. Beebe,
of Anaheim, is counted on to make a
name for himself in the SSO and mile
runs. The prep, runner has showed
his heels to all competitors this sea-
Eon, making a record of 1:59:1 for the
two laps, and 4:32 for the mile.
Johnson, of Los Angeles, Parker, of
Stockton, Stone, of Pomona, and
Mriggs, of Healdsburg, will afford
keen competition if they uphold their
prep, school performances. Each of
these men has been clocked in 10:1
for the hundred, and Johnson has a
record of 10 seconds fiat for the dis
tance.
In the weights several of the best'
men in the r tate are entered. Walters,
of Exeter, and Pearch, of Palo Alto,
are good for 100 feet in the hammer
throw. The shot put record estab
lished last year will undoubtedly be
broken. Deßuchie, of Gridley, and
Caughey, of Ukiah, are putting the
twelve pound shot well over fifty-one
feet.
Nichols, of Pomona, and Hall and
Munger are a trio of consistant per
formers in the pole vault who are
counted on to break the record of 11
feet 7/> inches in the pole vault.
Nichols will also try to break his own
record of fi feet 2 inches in the high
jump.
Never before in the history of the
Interscholastic meets on the Pacific
Coast have such a strong all around
group of preparatory school athletes
gathered to compete in a meet as will
contest on Saturday on the Stanford
track. This will be the championship
meet of the Pacific Coast, and the win
ners of the events may well be called
the champions of their respective
events in the State.
Many schools have entered the meet
this year that have never been repre
sented before.
It will not be surprising to see
several of the Stanford Interschol
astic records broken when the youth
ful athletes come to the tape. Beebe,
of Anaheim, is counted on to make a
name for himself in the SSO and mile
runs. The prep, runner has showed
his heels to all competitors this sea-
Eon, making a record of 1:59:1 for the
two laps, and 4:32 for the mile.
Johnson, of Los Angeles, Parker, of
Stockton, Stone, of Pomona, and
Mriggs, of Healdsburg, will afford
keen competition if they uphold their
prep, school performances. Each of
these men has been clocked in 10:1
for the hundred, and Johnson has a
record of 10 seconds fiat for the dis
tance.
In the weights several of the best'
men in the r tate are entered. Walters,
of Exeter, and Pearch, of Palo Alto,
are good for 100 feet in the hammer
throw. The shot put record estab
lished last year will undoubtedly be
broken. Deßuchie, of Gridley, and
Caughey, of Ukiah, are putting the
twelve pound shot well over fifty-one
feet.
Nichols, of Pomona, and Hall and
Munger are a trio of consistant per
formers in the pole vault who are
counted on to break the record of 11
feet 7/> inches in the pole vault.
Nichols will also try to break his own
record of fi feet 2 inches in the high
jump.
