# VARSITY MEN SELLING TICKETS.
## 
### 
Tickets for Saturday's game between
the Stanford baseball team and the
American Giants, the colored aggrega
tion. are being sold by members of the
Varsity nine. The proceeds will help
defray the expenses of the Cardinal's
trip to Japan this summer. Season
tickets will not admit.
The game will begin immediately
following the interscholastic on Sat
urday. Admission will be twenty-five
cents.
Tickets for Saturday's game between
the Stanford baseball team and the
American Giants, the colored aggrega
tion. are being sold by members of the
Varsity nine. The proceeds will help
defray the expenses of the Cardinal's
trip to Japan this summer. Season
tickets will not admit.
The game will begin immediately
following the interscholastic on Sat
urday. Admission will be twenty-five
cents.
Tickets for Saturday's game between
the Stanford baseball team and the
American Giants, the colored aggrega
tion. are being sold by members of the
Varsity nine. The proceeds will help
defray the expenses of the Cardinal's
trip to Japan this summer. Season
tickets will not admit.
The game will begin immediately
following the interscholastic on Sat
urday. Admission will be twenty-five
cents.
Tickets for Saturday's game between
the Stanford baseball team and the
American Giants, the colored aggrega
tion. are being sold by members of the
Varsity nine. The proceeds will help
defray the expenses of the Cardinal's
trip to Japan this summer. Season
tickets will not admit.
The game will begin immediately
following the interscholastic on Sat
urday. Admission will be twenty-five
cents.
Tickets for Saturday's game between
the Stanford baseball team and the
American Giants, the colored aggrega
tion. are being sold by members of the
Varsity nine. The proceeds will help
defray the expenses of the Cardinal's
trip to Japan this summer. Season
tickets will not admit.
The game will begin immediately
following the interscholastic on Sat
urday. Admission will be twenty-five
cents.
Tickets for Saturday's game between
the Stanford baseball team and the
American Giants, the colored aggrega
tion. are being sold by members of the
Varsity nine. The proceeds will help
defray the expenses of the Cardinal's
trip to Japan this summer. Season
tickets will not admit.
The game will begin immediately
following the interscholastic on Sat
urday. Admission will be twenty-five
cents.
Tickets for Saturday's game between
the Stanford baseball team and the
American Giants, the colored aggrega
tion. are being sold by members of the
Varsity nine. The proceeds will help
defray the expenses of the Cardinal's
trip to Japan this summer. Season
tickets will not admit.
The game will begin immediately
following the interscholastic on Sat
urday. Admission will be twenty-five
cents.
Tickets for Saturday's game between
the Stanford baseball team and the
American Giants, the colored aggrega
tion. are being sold by members of the
Varsity nine. The proceeds will help
defray the expenses of the Cardinal's
trip to Japan this summer. Season
tickets will not admit.
The game will begin immediately
following the interscholastic on Sat
urday. Admission will be twenty-five
cents.
Tickets for Saturday's game between
the Stanford baseball team and the
American Giants, the colored aggrega
tion. are being sold by members of the
Varsity nine. The proceeds will help
defray the expenses of the Cardinal's
trip to Japan this summer. Season
tickets will not admit.
The game will begin immediately
following the interscholastic on Sat
urday. Admission will be twenty-five
cents.
Tickets for Saturday's game between
the Stanford baseball team and the
American Giants, the colored aggrega
tion. are being sold by members of the
Varsity nine. The proceeds will help
defray the expenses of the Cardinal's
trip to Japan this summer. Season
tickets will not admit.
The game will begin immediately
following the interscholastic on Sat
urday. Admission will be twenty-five
cents.
Tickets for Saturday's game between
the Stanford baseball team and the
American Giants, the colored aggrega
tion. are being sold by members of the
Varsity nine. The proceeds will help
defray the expenses of the Cardinal's
trip to Japan this summer. Season
tickets will not admit.
The game will begin immediately
following the interscholastic on Sat
urday. Admission will be twenty-five
cents.
Tickets for Saturday's game between
the Stanford baseball team and the
American Giants, the colored aggrega
tion. are being sold by members of the
Varsity nine. The proceeds will help
defray the expenses of the Cardinal's
trip to Japan this summer. Season
tickets will not admit.
The game will begin immediately
following the interscholastic on Sat
urday. Admission will be twenty-five
cents.
Tickets for Saturday's game between
the Stanford baseball team and the
American Giants, the colored aggrega
tion. are being sold by members of the
Varsity nine. The proceeds will help
defray the expenses of the Cardinal's
trip to Japan this summer. Season
tickets will not admit.
The game will begin immediately
following the interscholastic on Sat
urday. Admission will be twenty-five
cents.
Tickets for Saturday's game between
the Stanford baseball team and the
American Giants, the colored aggrega
tion. are being sold by members of the
Varsity nine. The proceeds will help
defray the expenses of the Cardinal's
trip to Japan this summer. Season
tickets will not admit.
The game will begin immediately
following the interscholastic on Sat
urday. Admission will be twenty-five
cents.
