# Los Angeles Preacher Sunday.
## 
### 
Ilev. J. Willis, Haer, president of
Occidental College, Los Angeles, will
be the preacher at the regular Sim
day morning service in the Chapel.
Ilev. J. Willis, Haer, president of
Occidental College, Los Angeles, will
be the preacher at the regular Sim
day morning service in the Chapel.
Ilev. J. Willis, Haer, president of
Occidental College, Los Angeles, will
be the preacher at the regular Sim
day morning service in the Chapel.
Ilev. J. Willis, Haer, president of
Occidental College, Los Angeles, will
be the preacher at the regular Sim
day morning service in the Chapel.
Ilev. J. Willis, Haer, president of
Occidental College, Los Angeles, will
be the preacher at the regular Sim
day morning service in the Chapel.
Ilev. J. Willis, Haer, president of
Occidental College, Los Angeles, will
be the preacher at the regular Sim
day morning service in the Chapel.
Ilev. J. Willis, Haer, president of
Occidental College, Los Angeles, will
be the preacher at the regular Sim
day morning service in the Chapel.
Ilev. J. Willis, Haer, president of
Occidental College, Los Angeles, will
be the preacher at the regular Sim
day morning service in the Chapel.
Ilev. J. Willis, Haer, president of
Occidental College, Los Angeles, will
be the preacher at the regular Sim
day morning service in the Chapel.
Ilev. J. Willis, Haer, president of
Occidental College, Los Angeles, will
be the preacher at the regular Sim
day morning service in the Chapel.
