# Adv. 2 Page 2
## 
### 
STANFORD'S
DAY!
If you plan to stay in the
city, you may need a new
toothbrush, or razor blades,
or something else from this
most-convenient-to-the - cam
pus pharmacy.
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
STANFORD'S
DAY!
If you plan to stay in the
city, you may need a new
toothbrush, or razor blades,
or something else from this
most-convenient-to-the - cam
pus pharmacy.
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
STANFORD'S
DAY!
If you plan to stay in the
city, you may need a new
toothbrush, or razor blades,
or something else from this
most-convenient-to-the - cam
pus pharmacy.
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
STANFORD'S
DAY!
If you plan to stay in the
city, you may need a new
toothbrush, or razor blades,
or something else from this
most-convenient-to-the - cam
pus pharmacy.
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
STANFORD'S
DAY!
If you plan to stay in the
city, you may need a new
toothbrush, or razor blades,
or something else from this
most-convenient-to-the - cam
pus pharmacy.
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
STANFORD'S
DAY!
If you plan to stay in the
city, you may need a new
toothbrush, or razor blades,
or something else from this
most-convenient-to-the - cam
pus pharmacy.
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
STANFORD'S
DAY!
If you plan to stay in the
city, you may need a new
toothbrush, or razor blades,
or something else from this
most-convenient-to-the - cam
pus pharmacy.
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
STANFORD'S
DAY!
If you plan to stay in the
city, you may need a new
toothbrush, or razor blades,
or something else from this
most-convenient-to-the - cam
pus pharmacy.
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
STANFORD'S
DAY!
If you plan to stay in the
city, you may need a new
toothbrush, or razor blades,
or something else from this
most-convenient-to-the - cam
pus pharmacy.
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
STANFORD'S
DAY!
If you plan to stay in the
city, you may need a new
toothbrush, or razor blades,
or something else from this
most-convenient-to-the - cam
pus pharmacy.
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
STANFORD'S
DAY!
If you plan to stay in the
city, you may need a new
toothbrush, or razor blades,
or something else from this
most-convenient-to-the - cam
pus pharmacy.
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
STANFORD'S
DAY!
If you plan to stay in the
city, you may need a new
toothbrush, or razor blades,
or something else from this
most-convenient-to-the - cam
pus pharmacy.
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
STANFORD'S
DAY!
If you plan to stay in the
city, you may need a new
toothbrush, or razor blades,
or something else from this
most-convenient-to-the - cam
pus pharmacy.
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
STANFORD'S
DAY!
If you plan to stay in the
city, you may need a new
toothbrush, or razor blades,
or something else from this
most-convenient-to-the - cam
pus pharmacy.
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
STANFORD'S
DAY!
If you plan to stay in the
city, you may need a new
toothbrush, or razor blades,
or something else from this
most-convenient-to-the - cam
pus pharmacy.
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
STANFORD'S
DAY!
If you plan to stay in the
city, you may need a new
toothbrush, or razor blades,
or something else from this
most-convenient-to-the - cam
pus pharmacy.
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
