# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Alpha Pi Zeta announces the
election of the following:
Talbot Bielefeldt
John Marble
Leslie Peter
Henry Lamb
Stanton Rippey
Leslie Gosslin
Alpha Pi Zeta announces the
election of the following:
Talbot Bielefeldt
John Marble
Leslie Peter
Henry Lamb
Stanton Rippey
Leslie Gosslin
Alpha Pi Zeta announces the
election of the following:
Talbot Bielefeldt
John Marble
Leslie Peter
Henry Lamb
Stanton Rippey
Leslie Gosslin
Alpha Pi Zeta announces the
election of the following:
Talbot Bielefeldt
John Marble
Leslie Peter
Henry Lamb
Stanton Rippey
Leslie Gosslin
Alpha Pi Zeta announces the
election of the following:
Talbot Bielefeldt
John Marble
Leslie Peter
Henry Lamb
Stanton Rippey
Leslie Gosslin
Alpha Pi Zeta announces the
election of the following:
Talbot Bielefeldt
John Marble
Leslie Peter
Henry Lamb
Stanton Rippey
Leslie Gosslin
Alpha Pi Zeta announces the
election of the following:
Talbot Bielefeldt
John Marble
Leslie Peter
Henry Lamb
Stanton Rippey
Leslie Gosslin
Alpha Pi Zeta announces the
election of the following:
Talbot Bielefeldt
John Marble
Leslie Peter
Henry Lamb
Stanton Rippey
Leslie Gosslin
Alpha Pi Zeta announces the
election of the following:
Talbot Bielefeldt
John Marble
Leslie Peter
Henry Lamb
Stanton Rippey
Leslie Gosslin
Alpha Pi Zeta announces the
election of the following:
Talbot Bielefeldt
John Marble
Leslie Peter
Henry Lamb
Stanton Rippey
Leslie Gosslin
Alpha Pi Zeta announces the
election of the following:
Talbot Bielefeldt
John Marble
Leslie Peter
Henry Lamb
Stanton Rippey
Leslie Gosslin
Alpha Pi Zeta announces the
election of the following:
Talbot Bielefeldt
John Marble
Leslie Peter
Henry Lamb
Stanton Rippey
Leslie Gosslin
Alpha Pi Zeta announces the
election of the following:
Talbot Bielefeldt
John Marble
Leslie Peter
Henry Lamb
Stanton Rippey
Leslie Gosslin
Alpha Pi Zeta announces the
election of the following:
Talbot Bielefeldt
John Marble
Leslie Peter
Henry Lamb
Stanton Rippey
Leslie Gosslin
Alpha Pi Zeta announces the
election of the following:
Talbot Bielefeldt
John Marble
Leslie Peter
Henry Lamb
Stanton Rippey
Leslie Gosslin
Alpha Pi Zeta announces the
election of the following:
Talbot Bielefeldt
John Marble
Leslie Peter
Henry Lamb
Stanton Rippey
Leslie Gosslin
