# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
English Club announces the
election of the following to mem
bership.
Violet Crosbie
Ward Foultz
Donald Qalbraith
Burnell Gould
Elizabeth Jackson
Katherlne Keho
Ruth Lockett
Marzieh Nabil
William Putnam
Henry Ramsey
Sandy Smith
Honorary:
Hazel Hansen
Barbara Perkins
English Club announces the
election of the following to mem
bership.
Violet Crosbie
Ward Foultz
Donald Qalbraith
Burnell Gould
Elizabeth Jackson
Katherlne Keho
Ruth Lockett
Marzieh Nabil
William Putnam
Henry Ramsey
Sandy Smith
Honorary:
Hazel Hansen
Barbara Perkins
English Club announces the
election of the following to mem
bership.
Violet Crosbie
Ward Foultz
Donald Qalbraith
Burnell Gould
Elizabeth Jackson
Katherlne Keho
Ruth Lockett
Marzieh Nabil
William Putnam
Henry Ramsey
Sandy Smith
Honorary:
Hazel Hansen
Barbara Perkins
English Club announces the
election of the following to mem
bership.
Violet Crosbie
Ward Foultz
Donald Qalbraith
Burnell Gould
Elizabeth Jackson
Katherlne Keho
Ruth Lockett
Marzieh Nabil
William Putnam
Henry Ramsey
Sandy Smith
Honorary:
Hazel Hansen
Barbara Perkins
English Club announces the
election of the following to mem
bership.
Violet Crosbie
Ward Foultz
Donald Qalbraith
Burnell Gould
Elizabeth Jackson
Katherlne Keho
Ruth Lockett
Marzieh Nabil
William Putnam
Henry Ramsey
Sandy Smith
Honorary:
Hazel Hansen
Barbara Perkins
English Club announces the
election of the following to mem
bership.
Violet Crosbie
Ward Foultz
Donald Qalbraith
Burnell Gould
Elizabeth Jackson
Katherlne Keho
Ruth Lockett
Marzieh Nabil
William Putnam
Henry Ramsey
Sandy Smith
Honorary:
Hazel Hansen
Barbara Perkins
English Club announces the
election of the following to mem
bership.
Violet Crosbie
Ward Foultz
Donald Qalbraith
Burnell Gould
Elizabeth Jackson
Katherlne Keho
Ruth Lockett
Marzieh Nabil
William Putnam
Henry Ramsey
Sandy Smith
Honorary:
Hazel Hansen
Barbara Perkins
English Club announces the
election of the following to mem
bership.
Violet Crosbie
Ward Foultz
Donald Qalbraith
Burnell Gould
Elizabeth Jackson
Katherlne Keho
Ruth Lockett
Marzieh Nabil
William Putnam
Henry Ramsey
Sandy Smith
Honorary:
Hazel Hansen
Barbara Perkins
English Club announces the
election of the following to mem
bership.
Violet Crosbie
Ward Foultz
Donald Qalbraith
Burnell Gould
Elizabeth Jackson
Katherlne Keho
Ruth Lockett
Marzieh Nabil
William Putnam
Henry Ramsey
Sandy Smith
Honorary:
Hazel Hansen
Barbara Perkins
English Club announces the
election of the following to mem
bership.
Violet Crosbie
Ward Foultz
Donald Qalbraith
Burnell Gould
Elizabeth Jackson
Katherlne Keho
Ruth Lockett
Marzieh Nabil
William Putnam
Henry Ramsey
Sandy Smith
Honorary:
Hazel Hansen
Barbara Perkins
English Club announces the
election of the following to mem
bership.
Violet Crosbie
Ward Foultz
Donald Qalbraith
Burnell Gould
Elizabeth Jackson
Katherlne Keho
Ruth Lockett
Marzieh Nabil
William Putnam
Henry Ramsey
Sandy Smith
Honorary:
Hazel Hansen
Barbara Perkins
English Club announces the
election of the following to mem
bership.
Violet Crosbie
Ward Foultz
Donald Qalbraith
Burnell Gould
Elizabeth Jackson
Katherlne Keho
Ruth Lockett
Marzieh Nabil
William Putnam
Henry Ramsey
Sandy Smith
Honorary:
Hazel Hansen
Barbara Perkins
English Club announces the
election of the following to mem
bership.
Violet Crosbie
Ward Foultz
Donald Qalbraith
Burnell Gould
Elizabeth Jackson
Katherlne Keho
Ruth Lockett
Marzieh Nabil
William Putnam
Henry Ramsey
Sandy Smith
Honorary:
Hazel Hansen
Barbara Perkins
English Club announces the
election of the following to mem
bership.
Violet Crosbie
Ward Foultz
Donald Qalbraith
Burnell Gould
Elizabeth Jackson
Katherlne Keho
Ruth Lockett
Marzieh Nabil
William Putnam
Henry Ramsey
Sandy Smith
Honorary:
Hazel Hansen
Barbara Perkins
English Club announces the
election of the following to mem
bership.
Violet Crosbie
Ward Foultz
Donald Qalbraith
Burnell Gould
Elizabeth Jackson
Katherlne Keho
Ruth Lockett
Marzieh Nabil
William Putnam
Henry Ramsey
Sandy Smith
Honorary:
Hazel Hansen
Barbara Perkins
English Club announces the
election of the following to mem
bership.
Violet Crosbie
Ward Foultz
Donald Qalbraith
Burnell Gould
Elizabeth Jackson
Katherlne Keho
Ruth Lockett
Marzieh Nabil
William Putnam
Henry Ramsey
Sandy Smith
Honorary:
Hazel Hansen
Barbara Perkins
