# Adv. 7 Page 2
## 
### 
WIDEMAN'S
Semi-Annual
Sale
is setting the pace for values.
Come now —while there yet re
main many unplucked values for
your selection.
SUITS
$27
$33
$39
*Illtntroan'i»
T PALO ALTO
WIDEMAN'S
Semi-Annual
Sale
is setting the pace for values.
Come now —while there yet re
main many unplucked values for
your selection.
SUITS
$27
$33
$39
*Illtntroan'i»
T PALO ALTO
WIDEMAN'S
Semi-Annual
Sale
is setting the pace for values.
Come now —while there yet re
main many unplucked values for
your selection.
SUITS
$27
$33
$39
*Illtntroan'i»
T PALO ALTO
WIDEMAN'S
Semi-Annual
Sale
is setting the pace for values.
Come now —while there yet re
main many unplucked values for
your selection.
SUITS
$27
$33
$39
*Illtntroan'i»
T PALO ALTO
WIDEMAN'S
Semi-Annual
Sale
is setting the pace for values.
Come now —while there yet re
main many unplucked values for
your selection.
SUITS
$27
$33
$39
*Illtntroan'i»
T PALO ALTO
WIDEMAN'S
Semi-Annual
Sale
is setting the pace for values.
Come now —while there yet re
main many unplucked values for
your selection.
SUITS
$27
$33
$39
*Illtntroan'i»
T PALO ALTO
WIDEMAN'S
Semi-Annual
Sale
is setting the pace for values.
Come now —while there yet re
main many unplucked values for
your selection.
SUITS
$27
$33
$39
*Illtntroan'i»
T PALO ALTO
WIDEMAN'S
Semi-Annual
Sale
is setting the pace for values.
Come now —while there yet re
main many unplucked values for
your selection.
SUITS
$27
$33
$39
*Illtntroan'i»
T PALO ALTO
WIDEMAN'S
Semi-Annual
Sale
is setting the pace for values.
Come now —while there yet re
main many unplucked values for
your selection.
SUITS
$27
$33
$39
*Illtntroan'i»
T PALO ALTO
WIDEMAN'S
Semi-Annual
Sale
is setting the pace for values.
Come now —while there yet re
main many unplucked values for
your selection.
SUITS
$27
$33
$39
*Illtntroan'i»
T PALO ALTO
WIDEMAN'S
Semi-Annual
Sale
is setting the pace for values.
Come now —while there yet re
main many unplucked values for
your selection.
SUITS
$27
$33
$39
*Illtntroan'i»
T PALO ALTO
WIDEMAN'S
Semi-Annual
Sale
is setting the pace for values.
Come now —while there yet re
main many unplucked values for
your selection.
SUITS
$27
$33
$39
*Illtntroan'i»
T PALO ALTO
WIDEMAN'S
Semi-Annual
Sale
is setting the pace for values.
Come now —while there yet re
main many unplucked values for
your selection.
SUITS
$27
$33
$39
*Illtntroan'i»
T PALO ALTO
WIDEMAN'S
Semi-Annual
Sale
is setting the pace for values.
Come now —while there yet re
main many unplucked values for
your selection.
SUITS
$27
$33
$39
*Illtntroan'i»
T PALO ALTO
WIDEMAN'S
Semi-Annual
Sale
is setting the pace for values.
Come now —while there yet re
main many unplucked values for
your selection.
SUITS
$27
$33
$39
*Illtntroan'i»
T PALO ALTO
WIDEMAN'S
Semi-Annual
Sale
is setting the pace for values.
Come now —while there yet re
main many unplucked values for
your selection.
SUITS
$27
$33
$39
*Illtntroan'i»
T PALO ALTO
