# SOPH, SENIOR WOMEN WILL MEET TODAY IN INTERCLASS CONTEST
## 
### 
Sophomore aquatic stars are sched
uled to meet the senior women today
at 5 o'clock in the Roble pool. This
interclass competition will be the
third and last one for both classes.
Of the two meets in which the sen
ior women took part, they lost both,
one to the juniors, 33-25, and one to
the frosh, 38-20. The second-year wo
men have a victory and a defeat on
their record, making them the strong
er of the two teams. They won from
the junior team last Tuesday, 42-16,
and lost to the frosh, 35-23, in an
earlier meet.
Sophomore aquatic stars are sched
uled to meet the senior women today
at 5 o'clock in the Roble pool. This
interclass competition will be the
third and last one for both classes.
Of the two meets in which the sen
ior women took part, they lost both,
one to the juniors, 33-25, and one to
the frosh, 38-20. The second-year wo
men have a victory and a defeat on
their record, making them the strong
er of the two teams. They won from
the junior team last Tuesday, 42-16,
and lost to the frosh, 35-23, in an
earlier meet.
Sophomore aquatic stars are sched
uled to meet the senior women today
at 5 o'clock in the Roble pool. This
interclass competition will be the
third and last one for both classes.
Of the two meets in which the sen
ior women took part, they lost both,
one to the juniors, 33-25, and one to
the frosh, 38-20. The second-year wo
men have a victory and a defeat on
their record, making them the strong
er of the two teams. They won from
the junior team last Tuesday, 42-16,
and lost to the frosh, 35-23, in an
earlier meet.
Sophomore aquatic stars are sched
uled to meet the senior women today
at 5 o'clock in the Roble pool. This
interclass competition will be the
third and last one for both classes.
Of the two meets in which the sen
ior women took part, they lost both,
one to the juniors, 33-25, and one to
the frosh, 38-20. The second-year wo
men have a victory and a defeat on
their record, making them the strong
er of the two teams. They won from
the junior team last Tuesday, 42-16,
and lost to the frosh, 35-23, in an
earlier meet.
Sophomore aquatic stars are sched
uled to meet the senior women today
at 5 o'clock in the Roble pool. This
interclass competition will be the
third and last one for both classes.
Of the two meets in which the sen
ior women took part, they lost both,
one to the juniors, 33-25, and one to
the frosh, 38-20. The second-year wo
men have a victory and a defeat on
their record, making them the strong
er of the two teams. They won from
the junior team last Tuesday, 42-16,
and lost to the frosh, 35-23, in an
earlier meet.
Sophomore aquatic stars are sched
uled to meet the senior women today
at 5 o'clock in the Roble pool. This
interclass competition will be the
third and last one for both classes.
Of the two meets in which the sen
ior women took part, they lost both,
one to the juniors, 33-25, and one to
the frosh, 38-20. The second-year wo
men have a victory and a defeat on
their record, making them the strong
er of the two teams. They won from
the junior team last Tuesday, 42-16,
and lost to the frosh, 35-23, in an
earlier meet.
Sophomore aquatic stars are sched
uled to meet the senior women today
at 5 o'clock in the Roble pool. This
interclass competition will be the
third and last one for both classes.
Of the two meets in which the sen
ior women took part, they lost both,
one to the juniors, 33-25, and one to
the frosh, 38-20. The second-year wo
men have a victory and a defeat on
their record, making them the strong
er of the two teams. They won from
the junior team last Tuesday, 42-16,
and lost to the frosh, 35-23, in an
earlier meet.
Sophomore aquatic stars are sched
uled to meet the senior women today
at 5 o'clock in the Roble pool. This
interclass competition will be the
third and last one for both classes.
Of the two meets in which the sen
ior women took part, they lost both,
one to the juniors, 33-25, and one to
the frosh, 38-20. The second-year wo
men have a victory and a defeat on
their record, making them the strong
er of the two teams. They won from
the junior team last Tuesday, 42-16,
and lost to the frosh, 35-23, in an
earlier meet.
Sophomore aquatic stars are sched
uled to meet the senior women today
at 5 o'clock in the Roble pool. This
interclass competition will be the
third and last one for both classes.
Of the two meets in which the sen
ior women took part, they lost both,
one to the juniors, 33-25, and one to
the frosh, 38-20. The second-year wo
men have a victory and a defeat on
their record, making them the strong
er of the two teams. They won from
the junior team last Tuesday, 42-16,
and lost to the frosh, 35-23, in an
earlier meet.
Sophomore aquatic stars are sched
uled to meet the senior women today
at 5 o'clock in the Roble pool. This
interclass competition will be the
third and last one for both classes.
Of the two meets in which the sen
ior women took part, they lost both,
one to the juniors, 33-25, and one to
the frosh, 38-20. The second-year wo
men have a victory and a defeat on
their record, making them the strong
er of the two teams. They won from
the junior team last Tuesday, 42-16,
and lost to the frosh, 35-23, in an
earlier meet.
Sophomore aquatic stars are sched
uled to meet the senior women today
at 5 o'clock in the Roble pool. This
interclass competition will be the
third and last one for both classes.
Of the two meets in which the sen
ior women took part, they lost both,
one to the juniors, 33-25, and one to
the frosh, 38-20. The second-year wo
men have a victory and a defeat on
their record, making them the strong
er of the two teams. They won from
the junior team last Tuesday, 42-16,
and lost to the frosh, 35-23, in an
earlier meet.
Sophomore aquatic stars are sched
uled to meet the senior women today
at 5 o'clock in the Roble pool. This
interclass competition will be the
third and last one for both classes.
Of the two meets in which the sen
ior women took part, they lost both,
one to the juniors, 33-25, and one to
the frosh, 38-20. The second-year wo
men have a victory and a defeat on
their record, making them the strong
er of the two teams. They won from
the junior team last Tuesday, 42-16,
and lost to the frosh, 35-23, in an
earlier meet.
Sophomore aquatic stars are sched
uled to meet the senior women today
at 5 o'clock in the Roble pool. This
interclass competition will be the
third and last one for both classes.
Of the two meets in which the sen
ior women took part, they lost both,
one to the juniors, 33-25, and one to
the frosh, 38-20. The second-year wo
men have a victory and a defeat on
their record, making them the strong
er of the two teams. They won from
the junior team last Tuesday, 42-16,
and lost to the frosh, 35-23, in an
earlier meet.
Sophomore aquatic stars are sched
uled to meet the senior women today
at 5 o'clock in the Roble pool. This
interclass competition will be the
third and last one for both classes.
Of the two meets in which the sen
ior women took part, they lost both,
one to the juniors, 33-25, and one to
the frosh, 38-20. The second-year wo
men have a victory and a defeat on
their record, making them the strong
er of the two teams. They won from
the junior team last Tuesday, 42-16,
and lost to the frosh, 35-23, in an
earlier meet.
Sophomore aquatic stars are sched
uled to meet the senior women today
at 5 o'clock in the Roble pool. This
interclass competition will be the
third and last one for both classes.
Of the two meets in which the sen
ior women took part, they lost both,
one to the juniors, 33-25, and one to
the frosh, 38-20. The second-year wo
men have a victory and a defeat on
their record, making them the strong
er of the two teams. They won from
the junior team last Tuesday, 42-16,
and lost to the frosh, 35-23, in an
earlier meet.
Sophomore aquatic stars are sched
uled to meet the senior women today
at 5 o'clock in the Roble pool. This
interclass competition will be the
third and last one for both classes.
Of the two meets in which the sen
ior women took part, they lost both,
one to the juniors, 33-25, and one to
the frosh, 38-20. The second-year wo
men have a victory and a defeat on
their record, making them the strong
er of the two teams. They won from
the junior team last Tuesday, 42-16,
and lost to the frosh, 35-23, in an
earlier meet.
