# Try-outs for Daily Staff Start Today
## 
### 
An opportunity to join the Daily
editorial staif will be offered stu
dents who appear at the tryoutee's
meeting at 5 o'clock this afternoon
in the Journalism Library on the
second floor of the Press Building.
The tryout period will consist of
two weeks of instruction in news
writing and general newspaper work.
No previous experience is required,
according to Women's Editor Dotty
Sweet.
Tryoutees will be carefully rated
upon the grade of work they do and
the amount of interest they show.
These ratings will be used as the
basis for staff appointments.
An opportunity to join the Daily
editorial staif will be offered stu
dents who appear at the tryoutee's
meeting at 5 o'clock this afternoon
in the Journalism Library on the
second floor of the Press Building.
The tryout period will consist of
two weeks of instruction in news
writing and general newspaper work.
No previous experience is required,
according to Women's Editor Dotty
Sweet.
Tryoutees will be carefully rated
upon the grade of work they do and
the amount of interest they show.
These ratings will be used as the
basis for staff appointments.
An opportunity to join the Daily
editorial staif will be offered stu
dents who appear at the tryoutee's
meeting at 5 o'clock this afternoon
in the Journalism Library on the
second floor of the Press Building.
The tryout period will consist of
two weeks of instruction in news
writing and general newspaper work.
No previous experience is required,
according to Women's Editor Dotty
Sweet.
Tryoutees will be carefully rated
upon the grade of work they do and
the amount of interest they show.
These ratings will be used as the
basis for staff appointments.
An opportunity to join the Daily
editorial staif will be offered stu
dents who appear at the tryoutee's
meeting at 5 o'clock this afternoon
in the Journalism Library on the
second floor of the Press Building.
The tryout period will consist of
two weeks of instruction in news
writing and general newspaper work.
No previous experience is required,
according to Women's Editor Dotty
Sweet.
Tryoutees will be carefully rated
upon the grade of work they do and
the amount of interest they show.
These ratings will be used as the
basis for staff appointments.
An opportunity to join the Daily
editorial staif will be offered stu
dents who appear at the tryoutee's
meeting at 5 o'clock this afternoon
in the Journalism Library on the
second floor of the Press Building.
The tryout period will consist of
two weeks of instruction in news
writing and general newspaper work.
No previous experience is required,
according to Women's Editor Dotty
Sweet.
Tryoutees will be carefully rated
upon the grade of work they do and
the amount of interest they show.
These ratings will be used as the
basis for staff appointments.
An opportunity to join the Daily
editorial staif will be offered stu
dents who appear at the tryoutee's
meeting at 5 o'clock this afternoon
in the Journalism Library on the
second floor of the Press Building.
The tryout period will consist of
two weeks of instruction in news
writing and general newspaper work.
No previous experience is required,
according to Women's Editor Dotty
Sweet.
Tryoutees will be carefully rated
upon the grade of work they do and
the amount of interest they show.
These ratings will be used as the
basis for staff appointments.
An opportunity to join the Daily
editorial staif will be offered stu
dents who appear at the tryoutee's
meeting at 5 o'clock this afternoon
in the Journalism Library on the
second floor of the Press Building.
The tryout period will consist of
two weeks of instruction in news
writing and general newspaper work.
No previous experience is required,
according to Women's Editor Dotty
Sweet.
Tryoutees will be carefully rated
upon the grade of work they do and
the amount of interest they show.
These ratings will be used as the
basis for staff appointments.
An opportunity to join the Daily
editorial staif will be offered stu
dents who appear at the tryoutee's
meeting at 5 o'clock this afternoon
in the Journalism Library on the
second floor of the Press Building.
The tryout period will consist of
two weeks of instruction in news
writing and general newspaper work.
No previous experience is required,
according to Women's Editor Dotty
Sweet.
Tryoutees will be carefully rated
upon the grade of work they do and
the amount of interest they show.
These ratings will be used as the
basis for staff appointments.
An opportunity to join the Daily
editorial staif will be offered stu
dents who appear at the tryoutee's
meeting at 5 o'clock this afternoon
in the Journalism Library on the
second floor of the Press Building.
The tryout period will consist of
two weeks of instruction in news
writing and general newspaper work.
No previous experience is required,
according to Women's Editor Dotty
Sweet.
Tryoutees will be carefully rated
upon the grade of work they do and
the amount of interest they show.
These ratings will be used as the
basis for staff appointments.
An opportunity to join the Daily
editorial staif will be offered stu
dents who appear at the tryoutee's
meeting at 5 o'clock this afternoon
in the Journalism Library on the
second floor of the Press Building.
The tryout period will consist of
two weeks of instruction in news
writing and general newspaper work.
No previous experience is required,
according to Women's Editor Dotty
Sweet.
Tryoutees will be carefully rated
upon the grade of work they do and
the amount of interest they show.
These ratings will be used as the
basis for staff appointments.
An opportunity to join the Daily
editorial staif will be offered stu
dents who appear at the tryoutee's
meeting at 5 o'clock this afternoon
in the Journalism Library on the
second floor of the Press Building.
The tryout period will consist of
two weeks of instruction in news
writing and general newspaper work.
No previous experience is required,
according to Women's Editor Dotty
Sweet.
Tryoutees will be carefully rated
upon the grade of work they do and
the amount of interest they show.
These ratings will be used as the
basis for staff appointments.
An opportunity to join the Daily
editorial staif will be offered stu
dents who appear at the tryoutee's
meeting at 5 o'clock this afternoon
in the Journalism Library on the
second floor of the Press Building.
The tryout period will consist of
two weeks of instruction in news
writing and general newspaper work.
No previous experience is required,
according to Women's Editor Dotty
Sweet.
Tryoutees will be carefully rated
upon the grade of work they do and
the amount of interest they show.
These ratings will be used as the
basis for staff appointments.
An opportunity to join the Daily
editorial staif will be offered stu
dents who appear at the tryoutee's
meeting at 5 o'clock this afternoon
in the Journalism Library on the
second floor of the Press Building.
The tryout period will consist of
two weeks of instruction in news
writing and general newspaper work.
No previous experience is required,
according to Women's Editor Dotty
Sweet.
Tryoutees will be carefully rated
upon the grade of work they do and
the amount of interest they show.
These ratings will be used as the
basis for staff appointments.
An opportunity to join the Daily
editorial staif will be offered stu
dents who appear at the tryoutee's
meeting at 5 o'clock this afternoon
in the Journalism Library on the
second floor of the Press Building.
The tryout period will consist of
two weeks of instruction in news
writing and general newspaper work.
No previous experience is required,
according to Women's Editor Dotty
Sweet.
Tryoutees will be carefully rated
upon the grade of work they do and
the amount of interest they show.
These ratings will be used as the
basis for staff appointments.
An opportunity to join the Daily
editorial staif will be offered stu
dents who appear at the tryoutee's
meeting at 5 o'clock this afternoon
in the Journalism Library on the
second floor of the Press Building.
The tryout period will consist of
two weeks of instruction in news
writing and general newspaper work.
No previous experience is required,
according to Women's Editor Dotty
Sweet.
Tryoutees will be carefully rated
upon the grade of work they do and
the amount of interest they show.
These ratings will be used as the
basis for staff appointments.
An opportunity to join the Daily
editorial staif will be offered stu
dents who appear at the tryoutee's
meeting at 5 o'clock this afternoon
in the Journalism Library on the
second floor of the Press Building.
The tryout period will consist of
two weeks of instruction in news
writing and general newspaper work.
No previous experience is required,
according to Women's Editor Dotty
Sweet.
Tryoutees will be carefully rated
upon the grade of work they do and
the amount of interest they show.
These ratings will be used as the
basis for staff appointments.
