# SORORITY JOLLY-UPS
## 
### 
The Editor, Sir:
So much lias been said recently
about the differences between the
sexes and so little about how they
might be remedied that I, for one,
would like to offer the following
possible solution. Most of the cri
ticism has been directed against
the women upon the grounds that
they do not know how to enjoy a
date without a considerable amount
of money being spent on them. The
most successful co-educational col
leges have solved this problem very
successfully, because the sororities
hold frequent and inexpensive jolly
ups. A single pianist of ability is
hired to provide music for an hour
and the large expense of engaging
an orchestra is averted. Let's have
more sorority jolly-ups at a mini
mum cost. It can be done.
C. D. Holliday
The Editor, Sir:
So much lias been said recently
about the differences between the
sexes and so little about how they
might be remedied that I, for one,
would like to offer the following
possible solution. Most of the cri
ticism has been directed against
the women upon the grounds that
they do not know how to enjoy a
date without a considerable amount
of money being spent on them. The
most successful co-educational col
leges have solved this problem very
successfully, because the sororities
hold frequent and inexpensive jolly
ups. A single pianist of ability is
hired to provide music for an hour
and the large expense of engaging
an orchestra is averted. Let's have
more sorority jolly-ups at a mini
mum cost. It can be done.
C. D. Holliday
The Editor, Sir:
So much lias been said recently
about the differences between the
sexes and so little about how they
might be remedied that I, for one,
would like to offer the following
possible solution. Most of the cri
ticism has been directed against
the women upon the grounds that
they do not know how to enjoy a
date without a considerable amount
of money being spent on them. The
most successful co-educational col
leges have solved this problem very
successfully, because the sororities
hold frequent and inexpensive jolly
ups. A single pianist of ability is
hired to provide music for an hour
and the large expense of engaging
an orchestra is averted. Let's have
more sorority jolly-ups at a mini
mum cost. It can be done.
C. D. Holliday
The Editor, Sir:
So much lias been said recently
about the differences between the
sexes and so little about how they
might be remedied that I, for one,
would like to offer the following
possible solution. Most of the cri
ticism has been directed against
the women upon the grounds that
they do not know how to enjoy a
date without a considerable amount
of money being spent on them. The
most successful co-educational col
leges have solved this problem very
successfully, because the sororities
hold frequent and inexpensive jolly
ups. A single pianist of ability is
hired to provide music for an hour
and the large expense of engaging
an orchestra is averted. Let's have
more sorority jolly-ups at a mini
mum cost. It can be done.
C. D. Holliday
The Editor, Sir:
So much lias been said recently
about the differences between the
sexes and so little about how they
might be remedied that I, for one,
would like to offer the following
possible solution. Most of the cri
ticism has been directed against
the women upon the grounds that
they do not know how to enjoy a
date without a considerable amount
of money being spent on them. The
most successful co-educational col
leges have solved this problem very
successfully, because the sororities
hold frequent and inexpensive jolly
ups. A single pianist of ability is
hired to provide music for an hour
and the large expense of engaging
an orchestra is averted. Let's have
more sorority jolly-ups at a mini
mum cost. It can be done.
C. D. Holliday
The Editor, Sir:
So much lias been said recently
about the differences between the
sexes and so little about how they
might be remedied that I, for one,
would like to offer the following
possible solution. Most of the cri
ticism has been directed against
the women upon the grounds that
they do not know how to enjoy a
date without a considerable amount
of money being spent on them. The
most successful co-educational col
leges have solved this problem very
successfully, because the sororities
hold frequent and inexpensive jolly
ups. A single pianist of ability is
hired to provide music for an hour
and the large expense of engaging
an orchestra is averted. Let's have
more sorority jolly-ups at a mini
mum cost. It can be done.
C. D. Holliday
The Editor, Sir:
So much lias been said recently
about the differences between the
sexes and so little about how they
might be remedied that I, for one,
would like to offer the following
possible solution. Most of the cri
ticism has been directed against
the women upon the grounds that
they do not know how to enjoy a
date without a considerable amount
of money being spent on them. The
most successful co-educational col
leges have solved this problem very
successfully, because the sororities
hold frequent and inexpensive jolly
ups. A single pianist of ability is
hired to provide music for an hour
and the large expense of engaging
an orchestra is averted. Let's have
more sorority jolly-ups at a mini
mum cost. It can be done.
C. D. Holliday
The Editor, Sir:
So much lias been said recently
about the differences between the
sexes and so little about how they
might be remedied that I, for one,
would like to offer the following
possible solution. Most of the cri
ticism has been directed against
the women upon the grounds that
they do not know how to enjoy a
date without a considerable amount
of money being spent on them. The
most successful co-educational col
leges have solved this problem very
successfully, because the sororities
hold frequent and inexpensive jolly
ups. A single pianist of ability is
hired to provide music for an hour
and the large expense of engaging
an orchestra is averted. Let's have
more sorority jolly-ups at a mini
mum cost. It can be done.
C. D. Holliday
The Editor, Sir:
So much lias been said recently
about the differences between the
sexes and so little about how they
might be remedied that I, for one,
would like to offer the following
possible solution. Most of the cri
ticism has been directed against
the women upon the grounds that
they do not know how to enjoy a
date without a considerable amount
of money being spent on them. The
most successful co-educational col
leges have solved this problem very
successfully, because the sororities
hold frequent and inexpensive jolly
ups. A single pianist of ability is
hired to provide music for an hour
and the large expense of engaging
an orchestra is averted. Let's have
more sorority jolly-ups at a mini
mum cost. It can be done.
C. D. Holliday
The Editor, Sir:
So much lias been said recently
about the differences between the
sexes and so little about how they
might be remedied that I, for one,
would like to offer the following
possible solution. Most of the cri
ticism has been directed against
the women upon the grounds that
they do not know how to enjoy a
date without a considerable amount
of money being spent on them. The
most successful co-educational col
leges have solved this problem very
successfully, because the sororities
hold frequent and inexpensive jolly
ups. A single pianist of ability is
hired to provide music for an hour
and the large expense of engaging
an orchestra is averted. Let's have
more sorority jolly-ups at a mini
mum cost. It can be done.
C. D. Holliday
The Editor, Sir:
So much lias been said recently
about the differences between the
sexes and so little about how they
might be remedied that I, for one,
would like to offer the following
possible solution. Most of the cri
ticism has been directed against
the women upon the grounds that
they do not know how to enjoy a
date without a considerable amount
of money being spent on them. The
most successful co-educational col
leges have solved this problem very
successfully, because the sororities
hold frequent and inexpensive jolly
ups. A single pianist of ability is
hired to provide music for an hour
and the large expense of engaging
an orchestra is averted. Let's have
more sorority jolly-ups at a mini
mum cost. It can be done.
C. D. Holliday
The Editor, Sir:
So much lias been said recently
about the differences between the
sexes and so little about how they
might be remedied that I, for one,
would like to offer the following
possible solution. Most of the cri
ticism has been directed against
the women upon the grounds that
they do not know how to enjoy a
date without a considerable amount
of money being spent on them. The
most successful co-educational col
leges have solved this problem very
successfully, because the sororities
hold frequent and inexpensive jolly
ups. A single pianist of ability is
hired to provide music for an hour
and the large expense of engaging
an orchestra is averted. Let's have
more sorority jolly-ups at a mini
mum cost. It can be done.
C. D. Holliday
The Editor, Sir:
So much lias been said recently
about the differences between the
sexes and so little about how they
might be remedied that I, for one,
would like to offer the following
possible solution. Most of the cri
ticism has been directed against
the women upon the grounds that
they do not know how to enjoy a
date without a considerable amount
of money being spent on them. The
most successful co-educational col
leges have solved this problem very
successfully, because the sororities
hold frequent and inexpensive jolly
ups. A single pianist of ability is
hired to provide music for an hour
and the large expense of engaging
an orchestra is averted. Let's have
more sorority jolly-ups at a mini
mum cost. It can be done.
C. D. Holliday
The Editor, Sir:
So much lias been said recently
about the differences between the
sexes and so little about how they
might be remedied that I, for one,
would like to offer the following
possible solution. Most of the cri
ticism has been directed against
the women upon the grounds that
they do not know how to enjoy a
date without a considerable amount
of money being spent on them. The
most successful co-educational col
leges have solved this problem very
successfully, because the sororities
hold frequent and inexpensive jolly
ups. A single pianist of ability is
hired to provide music for an hour
and the large expense of engaging
an orchestra is averted. Let's have
more sorority jolly-ups at a mini
mum cost. It can be done.
C. D. Holliday
The Editor, Sir:
So much lias been said recently
about the differences between the
sexes and so little about how they
might be remedied that I, for one,
would like to offer the following
possible solution. Most of the cri
ticism has been directed against
the women upon the grounds that
they do not know how to enjoy a
date without a considerable amount
of money being spent on them. The
most successful co-educational col
leges have solved this problem very
successfully, because the sororities
hold frequent and inexpensive jolly
ups. A single pianist of ability is
hired to provide music for an hour
and the large expense of engaging
an orchestra is averted. Let's have
more sorority jolly-ups at a mini
mum cost. It can be done.
C. D. Holliday
The Editor, Sir:
So much lias been said recently
about the differences between the
sexes and so little about how they
might be remedied that I, for one,
would like to offer the following
possible solution. Most of the cri
ticism has been directed against
the women upon the grounds that
they do not know how to enjoy a
date without a considerable amount
of money being spent on them. The
most successful co-educational col
leges have solved this problem very
successfully, because the sororities
hold frequent and inexpensive jolly
ups. A single pianist of ability is
hired to provide music for an hour
and the large expense of engaging
an orchestra is averted. Let's have
more sorority jolly-ups at a mini
mum cost. It can be done.
C. D. Holliday
