# Tryouts for Original Plays Invites Talent
## 
### 
Tryouts for the readings of the
winning plays of the quarterly Mas
quer's play contest will take place
Tuesday afternoon in the Little
Theater between 3 and 5 o'clock.
Three original one-act plays by cam
pus and Palo Alto dramatists were
selected: "Three and a Match," by
Kay Arthur; "Arizona Gal," by Kay
Teyser; and "Always a Star," by
Johnson Hill.
The tryouts for the readings are
open to all campus students interes
ted in dramatics, including fresh
man women.
Tryouts for the readings of the
winning plays of the quarterly Mas
quer's play contest will take place
Tuesday afternoon in the Little
Theater between 3 and 5 o'clock.
Three original one-act plays by cam
pus and Palo Alto dramatists were
selected: "Three and a Match," by
Kay Arthur; "Arizona Gal," by Kay
Teyser; and "Always a Star," by
Johnson Hill.
The tryouts for the readings are
open to all campus students interes
ted in dramatics, including fresh
man women.
Tryouts for the readings of the
winning plays of the quarterly Mas
quer's play contest will take place
Tuesday afternoon in the Little
Theater between 3 and 5 o'clock.
Three original one-act plays by cam
pus and Palo Alto dramatists were
selected: "Three and a Match," by
Kay Arthur; "Arizona Gal," by Kay
Teyser; and "Always a Star," by
Johnson Hill.
The tryouts for the readings are
open to all campus students interes
ted in dramatics, including fresh
man women.
Tryouts for the readings of the
winning plays of the quarterly Mas
quer's play contest will take place
Tuesday afternoon in the Little
Theater between 3 and 5 o'clock.
Three original one-act plays by cam
pus and Palo Alto dramatists were
selected: "Three and a Match," by
Kay Arthur; "Arizona Gal," by Kay
Teyser; and "Always a Star," by
Johnson Hill.
The tryouts for the readings are
open to all campus students interes
ted in dramatics, including fresh
man women.
Tryouts for the readings of the
winning plays of the quarterly Mas
quer's play contest will take place
Tuesday afternoon in the Little
Theater between 3 and 5 o'clock.
Three original one-act plays by cam
pus and Palo Alto dramatists were
selected: "Three and a Match," by
Kay Arthur; "Arizona Gal," by Kay
Teyser; and "Always a Star," by
Johnson Hill.
The tryouts for the readings are
open to all campus students interes
ted in dramatics, including fresh
man women.
Tryouts for the readings of the
winning plays of the quarterly Mas
quer's play contest will take place
Tuesday afternoon in the Little
Theater between 3 and 5 o'clock.
Three original one-act plays by cam
pus and Palo Alto dramatists were
selected: "Three and a Match," by
Kay Arthur; "Arizona Gal," by Kay
Teyser; and "Always a Star," by
Johnson Hill.
The tryouts for the readings are
open to all campus students interes
ted in dramatics, including fresh
man women.
Tryouts for the readings of the
winning plays of the quarterly Mas
quer's play contest will take place
Tuesday afternoon in the Little
Theater between 3 and 5 o'clock.
Three original one-act plays by cam
pus and Palo Alto dramatists were
selected: "Three and a Match," by
Kay Arthur; "Arizona Gal," by Kay
Teyser; and "Always a Star," by
Johnson Hill.
The tryouts for the readings are
open to all campus students interes
ted in dramatics, including fresh
man women.
Tryouts for the readings of the
winning plays of the quarterly Mas
quer's play contest will take place
Tuesday afternoon in the Little
Theater between 3 and 5 o'clock.
Three original one-act plays by cam
pus and Palo Alto dramatists were
selected: "Three and a Match," by
Kay Arthur; "Arizona Gal," by Kay
Teyser; and "Always a Star," by
Johnson Hill.
The tryouts for the readings are
open to all campus students interes
ted in dramatics, including fresh
man women.
Tryouts for the readings of the
winning plays of the quarterly Mas
quer's play contest will take place
Tuesday afternoon in the Little
Theater between 3 and 5 o'clock.
Three original one-act plays by cam
pus and Palo Alto dramatists were
selected: "Three and a Match," by
Kay Arthur; "Arizona Gal," by Kay
Teyser; and "Always a Star," by
Johnson Hill.
The tryouts for the readings are
open to all campus students interes
ted in dramatics, including fresh
man women.
Tryouts for the readings of the
winning plays of the quarterly Mas
quer's play contest will take place
Tuesday afternoon in the Little
Theater between 3 and 5 o'clock.
Three original one-act plays by cam
pus and Palo Alto dramatists were
selected: "Three and a Match," by
Kay Arthur; "Arizona Gal," by Kay
Teyser; and "Always a Star," by
Johnson Hill.
The tryouts for the readings are
open to all campus students interes
ted in dramatics, including fresh
man women.
Tryouts for the readings of the
winning plays of the quarterly Mas
quer's play contest will take place
Tuesday afternoon in the Little
Theater between 3 and 5 o'clock.
Three original one-act plays by cam
pus and Palo Alto dramatists were
selected: "Three and a Match," by
Kay Arthur; "Arizona Gal," by Kay
Teyser; and "Always a Star," by
Johnson Hill.
The tryouts for the readings are
open to all campus students interes
ted in dramatics, including fresh
man women.
Tryouts for the readings of the
winning plays of the quarterly Mas
quer's play contest will take place
Tuesday afternoon in the Little
Theater between 3 and 5 o'clock.
Three original one-act plays by cam
pus and Palo Alto dramatists were
selected: "Three and a Match," by
Kay Arthur; "Arizona Gal," by Kay
Teyser; and "Always a Star," by
Johnson Hill.
The tryouts for the readings are
open to all campus students interes
ted in dramatics, including fresh
man women.
Tryouts for the readings of the
winning plays of the quarterly Mas
quer's play contest will take place
Tuesday afternoon in the Little
Theater between 3 and 5 o'clock.
Three original one-act plays by cam
pus and Palo Alto dramatists were
selected: "Three and a Match," by
Kay Arthur; "Arizona Gal," by Kay
Teyser; and "Always a Star," by
Johnson Hill.
The tryouts for the readings are
open to all campus students interes
ted in dramatics, including fresh
man women.
Tryouts for the readings of the
winning plays of the quarterly Mas
quer's play contest will take place
Tuesday afternoon in the Little
Theater between 3 and 5 o'clock.
Three original one-act plays by cam
pus and Palo Alto dramatists were
selected: "Three and a Match," by
Kay Arthur; "Arizona Gal," by Kay
Teyser; and "Always a Star," by
Johnson Hill.
The tryouts for the readings are
open to all campus students interes
ted in dramatics, including fresh
man women.
Tryouts for the readings of the
winning plays of the quarterly Mas
quer's play contest will take place
Tuesday afternoon in the Little
Theater between 3 and 5 o'clock.
Three original one-act plays by cam
pus and Palo Alto dramatists were
selected: "Three and a Match," by
Kay Arthur; "Arizona Gal," by Kay
Teyser; and "Always a Star," by
Johnson Hill.
The tryouts for the readings are
open to all campus students interes
ted in dramatics, including fresh
man women.
Tryouts for the readings of the
winning plays of the quarterly Mas
quer's play contest will take place
Tuesday afternoon in the Little
Theater between 3 and 5 o'clock.
Three original one-act plays by cam
pus and Palo Alto dramatists were
selected: "Three and a Match," by
Kay Arthur; "Arizona Gal," by Kay
Teyser; and "Always a Star," by
Johnson Hill.
The tryouts for the readings are
open to all campus students interes
ted in dramatics, including fresh
man women.
