# Gaieties Skits Will Feature Broadcast
## 
### 
In addition to the Gaieties tunes
to be featured in the special Coakley
broadcast Wednesday night, Frank
O'Neill has arranged some of the
Gaieties acts for presentation. He is
also writing the continuity for the
broadcast, to publicize the hit music
of the campus show.
During the rest of the evening,
Doodles Weaver, Bob Mallett, Mac
Gordon, and Frank O'Neill will en
tertain with feature skits and songs.
In addition to the Gaieties tunes
to be featured in the special Coakley
broadcast Wednesday night, Frank
O'Neill has arranged some of the
Gaieties acts for presentation. He is
also writing the continuity for the
broadcast, to publicize the hit music
of the campus show.
During the rest of the evening,
Doodles Weaver, Bob Mallett, Mac
Gordon, and Frank O'Neill will en
tertain with feature skits and songs.
In addition to the Gaieties tunes
to be featured in the special Coakley
broadcast Wednesday night, Frank
O'Neill has arranged some of the
Gaieties acts for presentation. He is
also writing the continuity for the
broadcast, to publicize the hit music
of the campus show.
During the rest of the evening,
Doodles Weaver, Bob Mallett, Mac
Gordon, and Frank O'Neill will en
tertain with feature skits and songs.
In addition to the Gaieties tunes
to be featured in the special Coakley
broadcast Wednesday night, Frank
O'Neill has arranged some of the
Gaieties acts for presentation. He is
also writing the continuity for the
broadcast, to publicize the hit music
of the campus show.
During the rest of the evening,
Doodles Weaver, Bob Mallett, Mac
Gordon, and Frank O'Neill will en
tertain with feature skits and songs.
In addition to the Gaieties tunes
to be featured in the special Coakley
broadcast Wednesday night, Frank
O'Neill has arranged some of the
Gaieties acts for presentation. He is
also writing the continuity for the
broadcast, to publicize the hit music
of the campus show.
During the rest of the evening,
Doodles Weaver, Bob Mallett, Mac
Gordon, and Frank O'Neill will en
tertain with feature skits and songs.
In addition to the Gaieties tunes
to be featured in the special Coakley
broadcast Wednesday night, Frank
O'Neill has arranged some of the
Gaieties acts for presentation. He is
also writing the continuity for the
broadcast, to publicize the hit music
of the campus show.
During the rest of the evening,
Doodles Weaver, Bob Mallett, Mac
Gordon, and Frank O'Neill will en
tertain with feature skits and songs.
In addition to the Gaieties tunes
to be featured in the special Coakley
broadcast Wednesday night, Frank
O'Neill has arranged some of the
Gaieties acts for presentation. He is
also writing the continuity for the
broadcast, to publicize the hit music
of the campus show.
During the rest of the evening,
Doodles Weaver, Bob Mallett, Mac
Gordon, and Frank O'Neill will en
tertain with feature skits and songs.
In addition to the Gaieties tunes
to be featured in the special Coakley
broadcast Wednesday night, Frank
O'Neill has arranged some of the
Gaieties acts for presentation. He is
also writing the continuity for the
broadcast, to publicize the hit music
of the campus show.
During the rest of the evening,
Doodles Weaver, Bob Mallett, Mac
Gordon, and Frank O'Neill will en
tertain with feature skits and songs.
In addition to the Gaieties tunes
to be featured in the special Coakley
broadcast Wednesday night, Frank
O'Neill has arranged some of the
Gaieties acts for presentation. He is
also writing the continuity for the
broadcast, to publicize the hit music
of the campus show.
During the rest of the evening,
Doodles Weaver, Bob Mallett, Mac
Gordon, and Frank O'Neill will en
tertain with feature skits and songs.
In addition to the Gaieties tunes
to be featured in the special Coakley
broadcast Wednesday night, Frank
O'Neill has arranged some of the
Gaieties acts for presentation. He is
also writing the continuity for the
broadcast, to publicize the hit music
of the campus show.
During the rest of the evening,
Doodles Weaver, Bob Mallett, Mac
Gordon, and Frank O'Neill will en
tertain with feature skits and songs.
In addition to the Gaieties tunes
to be featured in the special Coakley
broadcast Wednesday night, Frank
O'Neill has arranged some of the
Gaieties acts for presentation. He is
also writing the continuity for the
broadcast, to publicize the hit music
of the campus show.
During the rest of the evening,
Doodles Weaver, Bob Mallett, Mac
Gordon, and Frank O'Neill will en
tertain with feature skits and songs.
In addition to the Gaieties tunes
to be featured in the special Coakley
broadcast Wednesday night, Frank
O'Neill has arranged some of the
Gaieties acts for presentation. He is
also writing the continuity for the
broadcast, to publicize the hit music
of the campus show.
During the rest of the evening,
Doodles Weaver, Bob Mallett, Mac
Gordon, and Frank O'Neill will en
tertain with feature skits and songs.
In addition to the Gaieties tunes
to be featured in the special Coakley
broadcast Wednesday night, Frank
O'Neill has arranged some of the
Gaieties acts for presentation. He is
also writing the continuity for the
broadcast, to publicize the hit music
of the campus show.
During the rest of the evening,
Doodles Weaver, Bob Mallett, Mac
Gordon, and Frank O'Neill will en
tertain with feature skits and songs.
In addition to the Gaieties tunes
to be featured in the special Coakley
broadcast Wednesday night, Frank
O'Neill has arranged some of the
Gaieties acts for presentation. He is
also writing the continuity for the
broadcast, to publicize the hit music
of the campus show.
During the rest of the evening,
Doodles Weaver, Bob Mallett, Mac
Gordon, and Frank O'Neill will en
tertain with feature skits and songs.
In addition to the Gaieties tunes
to be featured in the special Coakley
broadcast Wednesday night, Frank
O'Neill has arranged some of the
Gaieties acts for presentation. He is
also writing the continuity for the
broadcast, to publicize the hit music
of the campus show.
During the rest of the evening,
Doodles Weaver, Bob Mallett, Mac
Gordon, and Frank O'Neill will en
tertain with feature skits and songs.
In addition to the Gaieties tunes
to be featured in the special Coakley
broadcast Wednesday night, Frank
O'Neill has arranged some of the
Gaieties acts for presentation. He is
also writing the continuity for the
broadcast, to publicize the hit music
of the campus show.
During the rest of the evening,
Doodles Weaver, Bob Mallett, Mac
Gordon, and Frank O'Neill will en
tertain with feature skits and songs.
