# 'Royal Family' To Be Head
## Clark, Albertson, Corson To Star in Comedy Based On Lives of Barrymore Family 
### 
Next production of Sword and j
Sandals is to be "The Royal Fam- i
ily," by George Kaufman and Edna f
Ferber, a witty comedy based on the
life of the Barrymore family. It
will be rtad in the Little
Thursday evening at 8:15 o'clock.
The play relates the escapades of J
Tony, who represents John Barry
more, and the struggles of Julie, I
representing Ethel Barrymore, to j
make a name for herself on the stage.
The cast, directed by Dick Daw- '
son, includes many campus players
of note.
Tony Cavendish ,the hero, will be
played by Fred Clark, and Julie
Cavendish, his sister, by Jean Al
bertson. Rosemary Benet will read
the part of Fanny Cavendish, while
Phyllis Corson has that of Gwen
Cavendish. Bob Garred reads Her- !
bert Dean; Fritzie Kolster, Kitty
Dean; Frank O'Neill, Oscar Wolfe; j
Charles Corker, Gil Marshall; Gor
don Williams, Jo; Kathleen Camp
bell, Delia; Bob Presnell, Perry;
Stewart; and Mac Gordon, McDer
mott.
Next production of Sword and j
Sandals is to be "The Royal Fam- i
ily," by George Kaufman and Edna f
Ferber, a witty comedy based on the
life of the Barrymore family. It
will be rtad in the Little
Thursday evening at 8:15 o'clock.
The play relates the escapades of J
Tony, who represents John Barry
more, and the struggles of Julie, I
representing Ethel Barrymore, to j
make a name for herself on the stage.
The cast, directed by Dick Daw- '
son, includes many campus players
of note.
Tony Cavendish ,the hero, will be
played by Fred Clark, and Julie
Cavendish, his sister, by Jean Al
bertson. Rosemary Benet will read
the part of Fanny Cavendish, while
Phyllis Corson has that of Gwen
Cavendish. Bob Garred reads Her- !
bert Dean; Fritzie Kolster, Kitty
Dean; Frank O'Neill, Oscar Wolfe; j
Charles Corker, Gil Marshall; Gor
don Williams, Jo; Kathleen Camp
bell, Delia; Bob Presnell, Perry;
Stewart; and Mac Gordon, McDer
mott.
Next production of Sword and j
Sandals is to be "The Royal Fam- i
ily," by George Kaufman and Edna f
Ferber, a witty comedy based on the
life of the Barrymore family. It
will be rtad in the Little
Thursday evening at 8:15 o'clock.
The play relates the escapades of J
Tony, who represents John Barry
more, and the struggles of Julie, I
representing Ethel Barrymore, to j
make a name for herself on the stage.
The cast, directed by Dick Daw- '
son, includes many campus players
of note.
Tony Cavendish ,the hero, will be
played by Fred Clark, and Julie
Cavendish, his sister, by Jean Al
bertson. Rosemary Benet will read
the part of Fanny Cavendish, while
Phyllis Corson has that of Gwen
Cavendish. Bob Garred reads Her- !
bert Dean; Fritzie Kolster, Kitty
Dean; Frank O'Neill, Oscar Wolfe; j
Charles Corker, Gil Marshall; Gor
don Williams, Jo; Kathleen Camp
bell, Delia; Bob Presnell, Perry;
Stewart; and Mac Gordon, McDer
mott.
Next production of Sword and j
Sandals is to be "The Royal Fam- i
ily," by George Kaufman and Edna f
Ferber, a witty comedy based on the
life of the Barrymore family. It
will be rtad in the Little
Thursday evening at 8:15 o'clock.
The play relates the escapades of J
Tony, who represents John Barry
more, and the struggles of Julie, I
representing Ethel Barrymore, to j
make a name for herself on the stage.
The cast, directed by Dick Daw- '
son, includes many campus players
of note.
Tony Cavendish ,the hero, will be
played by Fred Clark, and Julie
Cavendish, his sister, by Jean Al
bertson. Rosemary Benet will read
the part of Fanny Cavendish, while
Phyllis Corson has that of Gwen
Cavendish. Bob Garred reads Her- !
bert Dean; Fritzie Kolster, Kitty
Dean; Frank O'Neill, Oscar Wolfe; j
Charles Corker, Gil Marshall; Gor
don Williams, Jo; Kathleen Camp
bell, Delia; Bob Presnell, Perry;
Stewart; and Mac Gordon, McDer
mott.
Next production of Sword and j
Sandals is to be "The Royal Fam- i
ily," by George Kaufman and Edna f
Ferber, a witty comedy based on the
life of the Barrymore family. It
will be rtad in the Little
Thursday evening at 8:15 o'clock.
The play relates the escapades of J
Tony, who represents John Barry
more, and the struggles of Julie, I
representing Ethel Barrymore, to j
make a name for herself on the stage.
The cast, directed by Dick Daw- '
son, includes many campus players
of note.
Tony Cavendish ,the hero, will be
played by Fred Clark, and Julie
Cavendish, his sister, by Jean Al
bertson. Rosemary Benet will read
the part of Fanny Cavendish, while
Phyllis Corson has that of Gwen
Cavendish. Bob Garred reads Her- !
bert Dean; Fritzie Kolster, Kitty
Dean; Frank O'Neill, Oscar Wolfe; j
Charles Corker, Gil Marshall; Gor
don Williams, Jo; Kathleen Camp
bell, Delia; Bob Presnell, Perry;
Stewart; and Mac Gordon, McDer
mott.
Next production of Sword and j
Sandals is to be "The Royal Fam- i
ily," by George Kaufman and Edna f
Ferber, a witty comedy based on the
life of the Barrymore family. It
will be rtad in the Little
Thursday evening at 8:15 o'clock.
The play relates the escapades of J
Tony, who represents John Barry
more, and the struggles of Julie, I
representing Ethel Barrymore, to j
make a name for herself on the stage.
The cast, directed by Dick Daw- '
son, includes many campus players
of note.
Tony Cavendish ,the hero, will be
played by Fred Clark, and Julie
Cavendish, his sister, by Jean Al
bertson. Rosemary Benet will read
the part of Fanny Cavendish, while
Phyllis Corson has that of Gwen
Cavendish. Bob Garred reads Her- !
bert Dean; Fritzie Kolster, Kitty
Dean; Frank O'Neill, Oscar Wolfe; j
Charles Corker, Gil Marshall; Gor
don Williams, Jo; Kathleen Camp
bell, Delia; Bob Presnell, Perry;
Stewart; and Mac Gordon, McDer
mott.
Next production of Sword and j
Sandals is to be "The Royal Fam- i
ily," by George Kaufman and Edna f
Ferber, a witty comedy based on the
life of the Barrymore family. It
will be rtad in the Little
Thursday evening at 8:15 o'clock.
The play relates the escapades of J
Tony, who represents John Barry
more, and the struggles of Julie, I
representing Ethel Barrymore, to j
make a name for herself on the stage.
The cast, directed by Dick Daw- '
son, includes many campus players
of note.
Tony Cavendish ,the hero, will be
played by Fred Clark, and Julie
Cavendish, his sister, by Jean Al
bertson. Rosemary Benet will read
the part of Fanny Cavendish, while
Phyllis Corson has that of Gwen
Cavendish. Bob Garred reads Her- !
bert Dean; Fritzie Kolster, Kitty
Dean; Frank O'Neill, Oscar Wolfe; j
Charles Corker, Gil Marshall; Gor
don Williams, Jo; Kathleen Camp
bell, Delia; Bob Presnell, Perry;
Stewart; and Mac Gordon, McDer
mott.
Next production of Sword and j
Sandals is to be "The Royal Fam- i
ily," by George Kaufman and Edna f
Ferber, a witty comedy based on the
life of the Barrymore family. It
will be rtad in the Little
Thursday evening at 8:15 o'clock.
The play relates the escapades of J
Tony, who represents John Barry
more, and the struggles of Julie, I
representing Ethel Barrymore, to j
make a name for herself on the stage.
The cast, directed by Dick Daw- '
son, includes many campus players
of note.
Tony Cavendish ,the hero, will be
played by Fred Clark, and Julie
Cavendish, his sister, by Jean Al
bertson. Rosemary Benet will read
the part of Fanny Cavendish, while
Phyllis Corson has that of Gwen
Cavendish. Bob Garred reads Her- !
bert Dean; Fritzie Kolster, Kitty
Dean; Frank O'Neill, Oscar Wolfe; j
Charles Corker, Gil Marshall; Gor
don Williams, Jo; Kathleen Camp
bell, Delia; Bob Presnell, Perry;
Stewart; and Mac Gordon, McDer
mott.
Next production of Sword and j
Sandals is to be "The Royal Fam- i
ily," by George Kaufman and Edna f
Ferber, a witty comedy based on the
life of the Barrymore family. It
will be rtad in the Little
Thursday evening at 8:15 o'clock.
The play relates the escapades of J
Tony, who represents John Barry
more, and the struggles of Julie, I
representing Ethel Barrymore, to j
make a name for herself on the stage.
The cast, directed by Dick Daw- '
son, includes many campus players
of note.
Tony Cavendish ,the hero, will be
played by Fred Clark, and Julie
Cavendish, his sister, by Jean Al
bertson. Rosemary Benet will read
the part of Fanny Cavendish, while
Phyllis Corson has that of Gwen
Cavendish. Bob Garred reads Her- !
bert Dean; Fritzie Kolster, Kitty
Dean; Frank O'Neill, Oscar Wolfe; j
Charles Corker, Gil Marshall; Gor
don Williams, Jo; Kathleen Camp
bell, Delia; Bob Presnell, Perry;
Stewart; and Mac Gordon, McDer
mott.
Next production of Sword and j
Sandals is to be "The Royal Fam- i
ily," by George Kaufman and Edna f
Ferber, a witty comedy based on the
life of the Barrymore family. It
will be rtad in the Little
Thursday evening at 8:15 o'clock.
The play relates the escapades of J
Tony, who represents John Barry
more, and the struggles of Julie, I
representing Ethel Barrymore, to j
make a name for herself on the stage.
The cast, directed by Dick Daw- '
son, includes many campus players
of note.
Tony Cavendish ,the hero, will be
played by Fred Clark, and Julie
Cavendish, his sister, by Jean Al
bertson. Rosemary Benet will read
the part of Fanny Cavendish, while
Phyllis Corson has that of Gwen
Cavendish. Bob Garred reads Her- !
bert Dean; Fritzie Kolster, Kitty
Dean; Frank O'Neill, Oscar Wolfe; j
Charles Corker, Gil Marshall; Gor
don Williams, Jo; Kathleen Camp
bell, Delia; Bob Presnell, Perry;
Stewart; and Mac Gordon, McDer
mott.
Next production of Sword and j
Sandals is to be "The Royal Fam- i
ily," by George Kaufman and Edna f
Ferber, a witty comedy based on the
life of the Barrymore family. It
will be rtad in the Little
Thursday evening at 8:15 o'clock.
The play relates the escapades of J
Tony, who represents John Barry
more, and the struggles of Julie, I
representing Ethel Barrymore, to j
make a name for herself on the stage.
The cast, directed by Dick Daw- '
son, includes many campus players
of note.
Tony Cavendish ,the hero, will be
played by Fred Clark, and Julie
Cavendish, his sister, by Jean Al
bertson. Rosemary Benet will read
the part of Fanny Cavendish, while
Phyllis Corson has that of Gwen
Cavendish. Bob Garred reads Her- !
bert Dean; Fritzie Kolster, Kitty
Dean; Frank O'Neill, Oscar Wolfe; j
Charles Corker, Gil Marshall; Gor
don Williams, Jo; Kathleen Camp
bell, Delia; Bob Presnell, Perry;
Stewart; and Mac Gordon, McDer
mott.
Next production of Sword and j
Sandals is to be "The Royal Fam- i
ily," by George Kaufman and Edna f
Ferber, a witty comedy based on the
life of the Barrymore family. It
will be rtad in the Little
Thursday evening at 8:15 o'clock.
The play relates the escapades of J
Tony, who represents John Barry
more, and the struggles of Julie, I
representing Ethel Barrymore, to j
make a name for herself on the stage.
The cast, directed by Dick Daw- '
son, includes many campus players
of note.
Tony Cavendish ,the hero, will be
played by Fred Clark, and Julie
Cavendish, his sister, by Jean Al
bertson. Rosemary Benet will read
the part of Fanny Cavendish, while
Phyllis Corson has that of Gwen
Cavendish. Bob Garred reads Her- !
bert Dean; Fritzie Kolster, Kitty
Dean; Frank O'Neill, Oscar Wolfe; j
Charles Corker, Gil Marshall; Gor
don Williams, Jo; Kathleen Camp
bell, Delia; Bob Presnell, Perry;
Stewart; and Mac Gordon, McDer
mott.
Next production of Sword and j
Sandals is to be "The Royal Fam- i
ily," by George Kaufman and Edna f
Ferber, a witty comedy based on the
life of the Barrymore family. It
will be rtad in the Little
Thursday evening at 8:15 o'clock.
The play relates the escapades of J
Tony, who represents John Barry
more, and the struggles of Julie, I
representing Ethel Barrymore, to j
make a name for herself on the stage.
The cast, directed by Dick Daw- '
son, includes many campus players
of note.
Tony Cavendish ,the hero, will be
played by Fred Clark, and Julie
Cavendish, his sister, by Jean Al
bertson. Rosemary Benet will read
the part of Fanny Cavendish, while
Phyllis Corson has that of Gwen
Cavendish. Bob Garred reads Her- !
bert Dean; Fritzie Kolster, Kitty
Dean; Frank O'Neill, Oscar Wolfe; j
Charles Corker, Gil Marshall; Gor
don Williams, Jo; Kathleen Camp
bell, Delia; Bob Presnell, Perry;
Stewart; and Mac Gordon, McDer
mott.
Next production of Sword and j
Sandals is to be "The Royal Fam- i
ily," by George Kaufman and Edna f
Ferber, a witty comedy based on the
life of the Barrymore family. It
will be rtad in the Little
Thursday evening at 8:15 o'clock.
The play relates the escapades of J
Tony, who represents John Barry
more, and the struggles of Julie, I
representing Ethel Barrymore, to j
make a name for herself on the stage.
The cast, directed by Dick Daw- '
son, includes many campus players
of note.
Tony Cavendish ,the hero, will be
played by Fred Clark, and Julie
Cavendish, his sister, by Jean Al
bertson. Rosemary Benet will read
the part of Fanny Cavendish, while
Phyllis Corson has that of Gwen
Cavendish. Bob Garred reads Her- !
bert Dean; Fritzie Kolster, Kitty
Dean; Frank O'Neill, Oscar Wolfe; j
Charles Corker, Gil Marshall; Gor
don Williams, Jo; Kathleen Camp
bell, Delia; Bob Presnell, Perry;
Stewart; and Mac Gordon, McDer
mott.
Next production of Sword and j
Sandals is to be "The Royal Fam- i
ily," by George Kaufman and Edna f
Ferber, a witty comedy based on the
life of the Barrymore family. It
will be rtad in the Little
Thursday evening at 8:15 o'clock.
The play relates the escapades of J
Tony, who represents John Barry
more, and the struggles of Julie, I
representing Ethel Barrymore, to j
make a name for herself on the stage.
The cast, directed by Dick Daw- '
son, includes many campus players
of note.
Tony Cavendish ,the hero, will be
played by Fred Clark, and Julie
Cavendish, his sister, by Jean Al
bertson. Rosemary Benet will read
the part of Fanny Cavendish, while
Phyllis Corson has that of Gwen
Cavendish. Bob Garred reads Her- !
bert Dean; Fritzie Kolster, Kitty
Dean; Frank O'Neill, Oscar Wolfe; j
Charles Corker, Gil Marshall; Gor
don Williams, Jo; Kathleen Camp
bell, Delia; Bob Presnell, Perry;
Stewart; and Mac Gordon, McDer
mott.
Next production of Sword and j
Sandals is to be "The Royal Fam- i
ily," by George Kaufman and Edna f
Ferber, a witty comedy based on the
life of the Barrymore family. It
will be rtad in the Little
Thursday evening at 8:15 o'clock.
The play relates the escapades of J
Tony, who represents John Barry
more, and the struggles of Julie, I
representing Ethel Barrymore, to j
make a name for herself on the stage.
The cast, directed by Dick Daw- '
son, includes many campus players
of note.
Tony Cavendish ,the hero, will be
played by Fred Clark, and Julie
Cavendish, his sister, by Jean Al
bertson. Rosemary Benet will read
the part of Fanny Cavendish, while
Phyllis Corson has that of Gwen
Cavendish. Bob Garred reads Her- !
bert Dean; Fritzie Kolster, Kitty
Dean; Frank O'Neill, Oscar Wolfe; j
Charles Corker, Gil Marshall; Gor
don Williams, Jo; Kathleen Camp
bell, Delia; Bob Presnell, Perry;
Stewart; and Mac Gordon, McDer
mott.
