# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Ph.D.'s are almost certain job
tickets today, says Northwestern
University's placement bureaus, with
starting salaries averaging $200
monthly.
Ph.D.'s are almost certain job
tickets today, says Northwestern
University's placement bureaus, with
starting salaries averaging $200
monthly.
Ph.D.'s are almost certain job
tickets today, says Northwestern
University's placement bureaus, with
starting salaries averaging $200
monthly.
Ph.D.'s are almost certain job
tickets today, says Northwestern
University's placement bureaus, with
starting salaries averaging $200
monthly.
Ph.D.'s are almost certain job
tickets today, says Northwestern
University's placement bureaus, with
starting salaries averaging $200
monthly.
Ph.D.'s are almost certain job
tickets today, says Northwestern
University's placement bureaus, with
starting salaries averaging $200
monthly.
Ph.D.'s are almost certain job
tickets today, says Northwestern
University's placement bureaus, with
starting salaries averaging $200
monthly.
Ph.D.'s are almost certain job
tickets today, says Northwestern
University's placement bureaus, with
starting salaries averaging $200
monthly.
Ph.D.'s are almost certain job
tickets today, says Northwestern
University's placement bureaus, with
starting salaries averaging $200
monthly.
Ph.D.'s are almost certain job
tickets today, says Northwestern
University's placement bureaus, with
starting salaries averaging $200
monthly.
Ph.D.'s are almost certain job
tickets today, says Northwestern
University's placement bureaus, with
starting salaries averaging $200
monthly.
Ph.D.'s are almost certain job
tickets today, says Northwestern
University's placement bureaus, with
starting salaries averaging $200
monthly.
Ph.D.'s are almost certain job
tickets today, says Northwestern
University's placement bureaus, with
starting salaries averaging $200
monthly.
Ph.D.'s are almost certain job
tickets today, says Northwestern
University's placement bureaus, with
starting salaries averaging $200
monthly.
Ph.D.'s are almost certain job
tickets today, says Northwestern
University's placement bureaus, with
starting salaries averaging $200
monthly.
Ph.D.'s are almost certain job
tickets today, says Northwestern
University's placement bureaus, with
starting salaries averaging $200
monthly.
