# Bush To Address KGO Listeners On Press, Propaganda
## 
### 
Patriotism, hate, love, and fear—
all the emotions—are the tools with
which the propagandist ."ways his
public, according to Dr. Chilton R.
Bush, hea l of the journalism de
partment, who will talk on "The
Press and Propaganda" tonight at H
o'clock over KGO.
Dr. Bush, who was a newspaper
man for several years, and author of
two texts on newspaper reporting,
explained that propaganda is the
means by whioh propagandists con
trol our attitudes.
"An attitude," he said, "is our or
ganized mentality in reference to a
specific social situation, and ranges
in different individuals from almost
wholly raw t motion to emotion con
ditioned considerably hy intellect."
After undel.standing our basic atti
tudes, the expert can then formulate
suggestions which wi'l "set off" our
attitudes the way he desires.
Patriotism, hate, love, and fear—
all the emotions—are the tools with
which the propagandist ."ways his
public, according to Dr. Chilton R.
Bush, hea l of the journalism de
partment, who will talk on "The
Press and Propaganda" tonight at H
o'clock over KGO.
Dr. Bush, who was a newspaper
man for several years, and author of
two texts on newspaper reporting,
explained that propaganda is the
means by whioh propagandists con
trol our attitudes.
"An attitude," he said, "is our or
ganized mentality in reference to a
specific social situation, and ranges
in different individuals from almost
wholly raw t motion to emotion con
ditioned considerably hy intellect."
After undel.standing our basic atti
tudes, the expert can then formulate
suggestions which wi'l "set off" our
attitudes the way he desires.
Patriotism, hate, love, and fear—
all the emotions—are the tools with
which the propagandist ."ways his
public, according to Dr. Chilton R.
Bush, hea l of the journalism de
partment, who will talk on "The
Press and Propaganda" tonight at H
o'clock over KGO.
Dr. Bush, who was a newspaper
man for several years, and author of
two texts on newspaper reporting,
explained that propaganda is the
means by whioh propagandists con
trol our attitudes.
"An attitude," he said, "is our or
ganized mentality in reference to a
specific social situation, and ranges
in different individuals from almost
wholly raw t motion to emotion con
ditioned considerably hy intellect."
After undel.standing our basic atti
tudes, the expert can then formulate
suggestions which wi'l "set off" our
attitudes the way he desires.
Patriotism, hate, love, and fear—
all the emotions—are the tools with
which the propagandist ."ways his
public, according to Dr. Chilton R.
Bush, hea l of the journalism de
partment, who will talk on "The
Press and Propaganda" tonight at H
o'clock over KGO.
Dr. Bush, who was a newspaper
man for several years, and author of
two texts on newspaper reporting,
explained that propaganda is the
means by whioh propagandists con
trol our attitudes.
"An attitude," he said, "is our or
ganized mentality in reference to a
specific social situation, and ranges
in different individuals from almost
wholly raw t motion to emotion con
ditioned considerably hy intellect."
After undel.standing our basic atti
tudes, the expert can then formulate
suggestions which wi'l "set off" our
attitudes the way he desires.
Patriotism, hate, love, and fear—
all the emotions—are the tools with
which the propagandist ."ways his
public, according to Dr. Chilton R.
Bush, hea l of the journalism de
partment, who will talk on "The
Press and Propaganda" tonight at H
o'clock over KGO.
Dr. Bush, who was a newspaper
man for several years, and author of
two texts on newspaper reporting,
explained that propaganda is the
means by whioh propagandists con
trol our attitudes.
"An attitude," he said, "is our or
ganized mentality in reference to a
specific social situation, and ranges
in different individuals from almost
wholly raw t motion to emotion con
ditioned considerably hy intellect."
After undel.standing our basic atti
tudes, the expert can then formulate
suggestions which wi'l "set off" our
attitudes the way he desires.
Patriotism, hate, love, and fear—
all the emotions—are the tools with
which the propagandist ."ways his
public, according to Dr. Chilton R.
Bush, hea l of the journalism de
partment, who will talk on "The
Press and Propaganda" tonight at H
o'clock over KGO.
Dr. Bush, who was a newspaper
man for several years, and author of
two texts on newspaper reporting,
explained that propaganda is the
means by whioh propagandists con
trol our attitudes.
"An attitude," he said, "is our or
ganized mentality in reference to a
specific social situation, and ranges
in different individuals from almost
wholly raw t motion to emotion con
ditioned considerably hy intellect."
After undel.standing our basic atti
tudes, the expert can then formulate
suggestions which wi'l "set off" our
attitudes the way he desires.
Patriotism, hate, love, and fear—
all the emotions—are the tools with
which the propagandist ."ways his
public, according to Dr. Chilton R.
Bush, hea l of the journalism de
partment, who will talk on "The
Press and Propaganda" tonight at H
o'clock over KGO.
Dr. Bush, who was a newspaper
man for several years, and author of
two texts on newspaper reporting,
explained that propaganda is the
means by whioh propagandists con
trol our attitudes.
"An attitude," he said, "is our or
ganized mentality in reference to a
specific social situation, and ranges
in different individuals from almost
wholly raw t motion to emotion con
ditioned considerably hy intellect."
After undel.standing our basic atti
tudes, the expert can then formulate
suggestions which wi'l "set off" our
attitudes the way he desires.
Patriotism, hate, love, and fear—
all the emotions—are the tools with
which the propagandist ."ways his
public, according to Dr. Chilton R.
Bush, hea l of the journalism de
partment, who will talk on "The
Press and Propaganda" tonight at H
o'clock over KGO.
Dr. Bush, who was a newspaper
man for several years, and author of
two texts on newspaper reporting,
explained that propaganda is the
means by whioh propagandists con
trol our attitudes.
"An attitude," he said, "is our or
ganized mentality in reference to a
specific social situation, and ranges
in different individuals from almost
wholly raw t motion to emotion con
ditioned considerably hy intellect."
After undel.standing our basic atti
tudes, the expert can then formulate
suggestions which wi'l "set off" our
attitudes the way he desires.
Patriotism, hate, love, and fear—
all the emotions—are the tools with
which the propagandist ."ways his
public, according to Dr. Chilton R.
Bush, hea l of the journalism de
partment, who will talk on "The
Press and Propaganda" tonight at H
o'clock over KGO.
Dr. Bush, who was a newspaper
man for several years, and author of
two texts on newspaper reporting,
explained that propaganda is the
means by whioh propagandists con
trol our attitudes.
"An attitude," he said, "is our or
ganized mentality in reference to a
specific social situation, and ranges
in different individuals from almost
wholly raw t motion to emotion con
ditioned considerably hy intellect."
After undel.standing our basic atti
tudes, the expert can then formulate
suggestions which wi'l "set off" our
attitudes the way he desires.
Patriotism, hate, love, and fear—
all the emotions—are the tools with
which the propagandist ."ways his
public, according to Dr. Chilton R.
Bush, hea l of the journalism de
partment, who will talk on "The
Press and Propaganda" tonight at H
o'clock over KGO.
Dr. Bush, who was a newspaper
man for several years, and author of
two texts on newspaper reporting,
explained that propaganda is the
means by whioh propagandists con
trol our attitudes.
"An attitude," he said, "is our or
ganized mentality in reference to a
specific social situation, and ranges
in different individuals from almost
wholly raw t motion to emotion con
ditioned considerably hy intellect."
After undel.standing our basic atti
tudes, the expert can then formulate
suggestions which wi'l "set off" our
attitudes the way he desires.
Patriotism, hate, love, and fear—
all the emotions—are the tools with
which the propagandist ."ways his
public, according to Dr. Chilton R.
Bush, hea l of the journalism de
partment, who will talk on "The
Press and Propaganda" tonight at H
o'clock over KGO.
Dr. Bush, who was a newspaper
man for several years, and author of
two texts on newspaper reporting,
explained that propaganda is the
means by whioh propagandists con
trol our attitudes.
"An attitude," he said, "is our or
ganized mentality in reference to a
specific social situation, and ranges
in different individuals from almost
wholly raw t motion to emotion con
ditioned considerably hy intellect."
After undel.standing our basic atti
tudes, the expert can then formulate
suggestions which wi'l "set off" our
attitudes the way he desires.
Patriotism, hate, love, and fear—
all the emotions—are the tools with
which the propagandist ."ways his
public, according to Dr. Chilton R.
Bush, hea l of the journalism de
partment, who will talk on "The
Press and Propaganda" tonight at H
o'clock over KGO.
Dr. Bush, who was a newspaper
man for several years, and author of
two texts on newspaper reporting,
explained that propaganda is the
means by whioh propagandists con
trol our attitudes.
"An attitude," he said, "is our or
ganized mentality in reference to a
specific social situation, and ranges
in different individuals from almost
wholly raw t motion to emotion con
ditioned considerably hy intellect."
After undel.standing our basic atti
tudes, the expert can then formulate
suggestions which wi'l "set off" our
attitudes the way he desires.
Patriotism, hate, love, and fear—
all the emotions—are the tools with
which the propagandist ."ways his
public, according to Dr. Chilton R.
Bush, hea l of the journalism de
partment, who will talk on "The
Press and Propaganda" tonight at H
o'clock over KGO.
Dr. Bush, who was a newspaper
man for several years, and author of
two texts on newspaper reporting,
explained that propaganda is the
means by whioh propagandists con
trol our attitudes.
"An attitude," he said, "is our or
ganized mentality in reference to a
specific social situation, and ranges
in different individuals from almost
wholly raw t motion to emotion con
ditioned considerably hy intellect."
After undel.standing our basic atti
tudes, the expert can then formulate
suggestions which wi'l "set off" our
attitudes the way he desires.
Patriotism, hate, love, and fear—
all the emotions—are the tools with
which the propagandist ."ways his
public, according to Dr. Chilton R.
Bush, hea l of the journalism de
partment, who will talk on "The
Press and Propaganda" tonight at H
o'clock over KGO.
Dr. Bush, who was a newspaper
man for several years, and author of
two texts on newspaper reporting,
explained that propaganda is the
means by whioh propagandists con
trol our attitudes.
"An attitude," he said, "is our or
ganized mentality in reference to a
specific social situation, and ranges
in different individuals from almost
wholly raw t motion to emotion con
ditioned considerably hy intellect."
After undel.standing our basic atti
tudes, the expert can then formulate
suggestions which wi'l "set off" our
attitudes the way he desires.
Patriotism, hate, love, and fear—
all the emotions—are the tools with
which the propagandist ."ways his
public, according to Dr. Chilton R.
Bush, hea l of the journalism de
partment, who will talk on "The
Press and Propaganda" tonight at H
o'clock over KGO.
Dr. Bush, who was a newspaper
man for several years, and author of
two texts on newspaper reporting,
explained that propaganda is the
means by whioh propagandists con
trol our attitudes.
"An attitude," he said, "is our or
ganized mentality in reference to a
specific social situation, and ranges
in different individuals from almost
wholly raw t motion to emotion con
ditioned considerably hy intellect."
After undel.standing our basic atti
tudes, the expert can then formulate
suggestions which wi'l "set off" our
attitudes the way he desires.
Patriotism, hate, love, and fear—
all the emotions—are the tools with
which the propagandist ."ways his
public, according to Dr. Chilton R.
Bush, hea l of the journalism de
partment, who will talk on "The
Press and Propaganda" tonight at H
o'clock over KGO.
Dr. Bush, who was a newspaper
man for several years, and author of
two texts on newspaper reporting,
explained that propaganda is the
means by whioh propagandists con
trol our attitudes.
"An attitude," he said, "is our or
ganized mentality in reference to a
specific social situation, and ranges
in different individuals from almost
wholly raw t motion to emotion con
ditioned considerably hy intellect."
After undel.standing our basic atti
tudes, the expert can then formulate
suggestions which wi'l "set off" our
attitudes the way he desires.
