# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Dr. P. A. Martin, instructor in His
tory in the University, is spending a
year on Sabbatical leave, at the Uni
versity of Nevada, a? head of the his
tory department.
Dr. P. A. Martin, instructor in His
tory in the University, is spending a
year on Sabbatical leave, at the Uni
versity of Nevada, a? head of the his
tory department.
Dr. P. A. Martin, instructor in His
tory in the University, is spending a
year on Sabbatical leave, at the Uni
versity of Nevada, a? head of the his
tory department.
Dr. P. A. Martin, instructor in His
tory in the University, is spending a
year on Sabbatical leave, at the Uni
versity of Nevada, a? head of the his
tory department.
Dr. P. A. Martin, instructor in His
tory in the University, is spending a
year on Sabbatical leave, at the Uni
versity of Nevada, a? head of the his
tory department.
Dr. P. A. Martin, instructor in His
tory in the University, is spending a
year on Sabbatical leave, at the Uni
versity of Nevada, a? head of the his
tory department.
Dr. P. A. Martin, instructor in His
tory in the University, is spending a
year on Sabbatical leave, at the Uni
versity of Nevada, a? head of the his
tory department.
Dr. P. A. Martin, instructor in His
tory in the University, is spending a
year on Sabbatical leave, at the Uni
versity of Nevada, a? head of the his
tory department.
Dr. P. A. Martin, instructor in His
tory in the University, is spending a
year on Sabbatical leave, at the Uni
versity of Nevada, a? head of the his
tory department.
Dr. P. A. Martin, instructor in His
tory in the University, is spending a
year on Sabbatical leave, at the Uni
versity of Nevada, a? head of the his
tory department.
