# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The University of Pennsylvania has
five varsity and five freshman crews.
Crew is now a recognized sport at
Hoston Tech., according to a recent
ruling of their Athletic Association.
The University of Pennsylvania has
five varsity and five freshman crews.
Crew is now a recognized sport at
Hoston Tech., according to a recent
ruling of their Athletic Association.
The University of Pennsylvania has
five varsity and five freshman crews.
Crew is now a recognized sport at
Hoston Tech., according to a recent
ruling of their Athletic Association.
The University of Pennsylvania has
five varsity and five freshman crews.
Crew is now a recognized sport at
Hoston Tech., according to a recent
ruling of their Athletic Association.
The University of Pennsylvania has
five varsity and five freshman crews.
Crew is now a recognized sport at
Hoston Tech., according to a recent
ruling of their Athletic Association.
The University of Pennsylvania has
five varsity and five freshman crews.
Crew is now a recognized sport at
Hoston Tech., according to a recent
ruling of their Athletic Association.
The University of Pennsylvania has
five varsity and five freshman crews.
Crew is now a recognized sport at
Hoston Tech., according to a recent
ruling of their Athletic Association.
The University of Pennsylvania has
five varsity and five freshman crews.
Crew is now a recognized sport at
Hoston Tech., according to a recent
ruling of their Athletic Association.
The University of Pennsylvania has
five varsity and five freshman crews.
Crew is now a recognized sport at
Hoston Tech., according to a recent
ruling of their Athletic Association.
The University of Pennsylvania has
five varsity and five freshman crews.
Crew is now a recognized sport at
Hoston Tech., according to a recent
ruling of their Athletic Association.
The University of Pennsylvania has
five varsity and five freshman crews.
Crew is now a recognized sport at
Hoston Tech., according to a recent
ruling of their Athletic Association.
