# REGISTRATION.
## 
### 
Total registration 11 »> to last
niulit wns 1417. Of tliis number
<.>l7 me men and .">OO women,
(■niduuto students registering 71,
new men students 33, now women
students 11.
Total registration 11 »> to last
niulit wns 1417. Of tliis number
<.>l7 me men and .">OO women,
(■niduuto students registering 71,
new men students 33, now women
students 11.
Total registration 11 »> to last
niulit wns 1417. Of tliis number
<.>l7 me men and .">OO women,
(■niduuto students registering 71,
new men students 33, now women
students 11.
Total registration 11 »> to last
niulit wns 1417. Of tliis number
<.>l7 me men and .">OO women,
(■niduuto students registering 71,
new men students 33, now women
students 11.
Total registration 11 »> to last
niulit wns 1417. Of tliis number
<.>l7 me men and .">OO women,
(■niduuto students registering 71,
new men students 33, now women
students 11.
Total registration 11 »> to last
niulit wns 1417. Of tliis number
<.>l7 me men and .">OO women,
(■niduuto students registering 71,
new men students 33, now women
students 11.
Total registration 11 »> to last
niulit wns 1417. Of tliis number
<.>l7 me men and .">OO women,
(■niduuto students registering 71,
new men students 33, now women
students 11.
Total registration 11 »> to last
niulit wns 1417. Of tliis number
<.>l7 me men and .">OO women,
(■niduuto students registering 71,
new men students 33, now women
students 11.
Total registration 11 »> to last
niulit wns 1417. Of tliis number
<.>l7 me men and .">OO women,
(■niduuto students registering 71,
new men students 33, now women
students 11.
Total registration 11 »> to last
niulit wns 1417. Of tliis number
<.>l7 me men and .">OO women,
(■niduuto students registering 71,
new men students 33, now women
students 11.
Total registration 11 »> to last
niulit wns 1417. Of tliis number
<.>l7 me men and .">OO women,
(■niduuto students registering 71,
new men students 33, now women
students 11.
Total registration 11 »> to last
niulit wns 1417. Of tliis number
<.>l7 me men and .">OO women,
(■niduuto students registering 71,
new men students 33, now women
students 11.
Total registration 11 »> to last
niulit wns 1417. Of tliis number
<.>l7 me men and .">OO women,
(■niduuto students registering 71,
new men students 33, now women
students 11.
Total registration 11 »> to last
niulit wns 1417. Of tliis number
<.>l7 me men and .">OO women,
(■niduuto students registering 71,
new men students 33, now women
students 11.
