# ANNOUNCEMENTS
## 
### 
TUESDAY
4:15 p.m.—Organ recital by Warren
D. Allen in the Memorial Church.
5:45 p.m.—Y.W.C.A. Cabinet meeting
in Y.W.C.A. rooms, Women's
Clubhouse.
7:15 p.m.—Meeting of the varsity
track squad in room 45 of B.A.C.
7:30 p.m.—Lecture-recital on "Music
of the Renaissance," by Elio Gian
turco, of the University of Cali
fornia, in the Little Theatre.
WEDNESDAY
12 noon—lnternational Table in the
alcove of the Union dining room
will be open to all interested.
1:10 p.m.—Election meeting of Sig
ma Delta Chi, Room 9, Journalism
Building.
4-6 p.m.—Miss Yost will be at home
informally at her home, 532 La
suen.
8 p.m. —Meeting of the Science As
sociation in Faculty Club House.
Professor C. R. Noller will speak
on "Some Recent Advances in Ap
plied Organic Chemistry."
8 p.m.—Chi Nil Kappa, classical lit
erature honor society, will meet
in the basement of the Women's
Clubhouse. Illustrated lecture by
Professor Walter Eells on "An
cient Methods of Hydraulic En
gineering."
THURSDAY
12 noon—Regular French Table in
the Union dining room. All stu
dents invited.
4 p.m.—Chemophysical biology sem
inar in Room 427.
4:15 p.m.—Organ recital by Warren
D. Allen in the Memorial Church.
FRIDAY
2 p.m.—Oral examination for the
doctorate. A. Russel Buchanan, in
Room 308, Library.
3 p.m.—Oral examination for doctor
ate. Lewis A. Thayer, in Room
310, Library.
MISCELLANEOUS
Ruth Tremeear, Y.W.C.A. council
member in charge of Sunday ves
pers, announces that there will be
no more vesper services until next
fall quarter.
TUESDAY
4:15 p.m.—Organ recital by Warren
D. Allen in the Memorial Church.
5:45 p.m.—Y.W.C.A. Cabinet meeting
in Y.W.C.A. rooms, Women's
Clubhouse.
7:15 p.m.—Meeting of the varsity
track squad in room 45 of B.A.C.
7:30 p.m.—Lecture-recital on "Music
of the Renaissance," by Elio Gian
turco, of the University of Cali
fornia, in the Little Theatre.
WEDNESDAY
12 noon—lnternational Table in the
alcove of the Union dining room
will be open to all interested.
1:10 p.m.—Election meeting of Sig
ma Delta Chi, Room 9, Journalism
Building.
4-6 p.m.—Miss Yost will be at home
informally at her home, 532 La
suen.
8 p.m. —Meeting of the Science As
sociation in Faculty Club House.
Professor C. R. Noller will speak
on "Some Recent Advances in Ap
plied Organic Chemistry."
8 p.m.—Chi Nil Kappa, classical lit
erature honor society, will meet
in the basement of the Women's
Clubhouse. Illustrated lecture by
Professor Walter Eells on "An
cient Methods of Hydraulic En
gineering."
THURSDAY
12 noon—Regular French Table in
the Union dining room. All stu
dents invited.
4 p.m.—Chemophysical biology sem
inar in Room 427.
4:15 p.m.—Organ recital by Warren
D. Allen in the Memorial Church.
FRIDAY
2 p.m.—Oral examination for the
doctorate. A. Russel Buchanan, in
Room 308, Library.
3 p.m.—Oral examination for doctor
ate. Lewis A. Thayer, in Room
310, Library.
MISCELLANEOUS
Ruth Tremeear, Y.W.C.A. council
member in charge of Sunday ves
pers, announces that there will be
no more vesper services until next
fall quarter.
TUESDAY
4:15 p.m.—Organ recital by Warren
D. Allen in the Memorial Church.
5:45 p.m.—Y.W.C.A. Cabinet meeting
in Y.W.C.A. rooms, Women's
Clubhouse.
7:15 p.m.—Meeting of the varsity
track squad in room 45 of B.A.C.
7:30 p.m.—Lecture-recital on "Music
of the Renaissance," by Elio Gian
turco, of the University of Cali
fornia, in the Little Theatre.
WEDNESDAY
12 noon—lnternational Table in the
alcove of the Union dining room
will be open to all interested.
1:10 p.m.—Election meeting of Sig
ma Delta Chi, Room 9, Journalism
Building.
4-6 p.m.—Miss Yost will be at home
informally at her home, 532 La
suen.
8 p.m. —Meeting of the Science As
sociation in Faculty Club House.
Professor C. R. Noller will speak
on "Some Recent Advances in Ap
plied Organic Chemistry."
8 p.m.—Chi Nil Kappa, classical lit
erature honor society, will meet
in the basement of the Women's
Clubhouse. Illustrated lecture by
Professor Walter Eells on "An
cient Methods of Hydraulic En
gineering."
THURSDAY
12 noon—Regular French Table in
the Union dining room. All stu
dents invited.
4 p.m.—Chemophysical biology sem
inar in Room 427.
4:15 p.m.—Organ recital by Warren
D. Allen in the Memorial Church.
FRIDAY
2 p.m.—Oral examination for the
doctorate. A. Russel Buchanan, in
Room 308, Library.
3 p.m.—Oral examination for doctor
ate. Lewis A. Thayer, in Room
310, Library.
MISCELLANEOUS
Ruth Tremeear, Y.W.C.A. council
member in charge of Sunday ves
pers, announces that there will be
no more vesper services until next
fall quarter.
TUESDAY
4:15 p.m.—Organ recital by Warren
D. Allen in the Memorial Church.
5:45 p.m.—Y.W.C.A. Cabinet meeting
in Y.W.C.A. rooms, Women's
Clubhouse.
7:15 p.m.—Meeting of the varsity
track squad in room 45 of B.A.C.
7:30 p.m.—Lecture-recital on "Music
of the Renaissance," by Elio Gian
turco, of the University of Cali
fornia, in the Little Theatre.
WEDNESDAY
12 noon—lnternational Table in the
alcove of the Union dining room
will be open to all interested.
1:10 p.m.—Election meeting of Sig
ma Delta Chi, Room 9, Journalism
Building.
4-6 p.m.—Miss Yost will be at home
informally at her home, 532 La
suen.
8 p.m. —Meeting of the Science As
sociation in Faculty Club House.
Professor C. R. Noller will speak
on "Some Recent Advances in Ap
plied Organic Chemistry."
8 p.m.—Chi Nil Kappa, classical lit
erature honor society, will meet
in the basement of the Women's
Clubhouse. Illustrated lecture by
Professor Walter Eells on "An
cient Methods of Hydraulic En
gineering."
THURSDAY
12 noon—Regular French Table in
the Union dining room. All stu
dents invited.
4 p.m.—Chemophysical biology sem
inar in Room 427.
4:15 p.m.—Organ recital by Warren
D. Allen in the Memorial Church.
FRIDAY
2 p.m.—Oral examination for the
doctorate. A. Russel Buchanan, in
Room 308, Library.
3 p.m.—Oral examination for doctor
ate. Lewis A. Thayer, in Room
310, Library.
MISCELLANEOUS
Ruth Tremeear, Y.W.C.A. council
member in charge of Sunday ves
pers, announces that there will be
no more vesper services until next
fall quarter.
TUESDAY
4:15 p.m.—Organ recital by Warren
D. Allen in the Memorial Church.
5:45 p.m.—Y.W.C.A. Cabinet meeting
in Y.W.C.A. rooms, Women's
Clubhouse.
7:15 p.m.—Meeting of the varsity
track squad in room 45 of B.A.C.
7:30 p.m.—Lecture-recital on "Music
of the Renaissance," by Elio Gian
turco, of the University of Cali
fornia, in the Little Theatre.
WEDNESDAY
12 noon—lnternational Table in the
alcove of the Union dining room
will be open to all interested.
1:10 p.m.—Election meeting of Sig
ma Delta Chi, Room 9, Journalism
Building.
4-6 p.m.—Miss Yost will be at home
informally at her home, 532 La
suen.
8 p.m. —Meeting of the Science As
sociation in Faculty Club House.
Professor C. R. Noller will speak
on "Some Recent Advances in Ap
plied Organic Chemistry."
8 p.m.—Chi Nil Kappa, classical lit
erature honor society, will meet
in the basement of the Women's
Clubhouse. Illustrated lecture by
Professor Walter Eells on "An
cient Methods of Hydraulic En
gineering."
THURSDAY
12 noon—Regular French Table in
the Union dining room. All stu
dents invited.
4 p.m.—Chemophysical biology sem
inar in Room 427.
4:15 p.m.—Organ recital by Warren
D. Allen in the Memorial Church.
FRIDAY
2 p.m.—Oral examination for the
doctorate. A. Russel Buchanan, in
Room 308, Library.
3 p.m.—Oral examination for doctor
ate. Lewis A. Thayer, in Room
310, Library.
MISCELLANEOUS
Ruth Tremeear, Y.W.C.A. council
member in charge of Sunday ves
pers, announces that there will be
no more vesper services until next
fall quarter.
TUESDAY
4:15 p.m.—Organ recital by Warren
D. Allen in the Memorial Church.
5:45 p.m.—Y.W.C.A. Cabinet meeting
in Y.W.C.A. rooms, Women's
Clubhouse.
7:15 p.m.—Meeting of the varsity
track squad in room 45 of B.A.C.
7:30 p.m.—Lecture-recital on "Music
of the Renaissance," by Elio Gian
turco, of the University of Cali
fornia, in the Little Theatre.
WEDNESDAY
12 noon—lnternational Table in the
alcove of the Union dining room
will be open to all interested.
1:10 p.m.—Election meeting of Sig
ma Delta Chi, Room 9, Journalism
Building.
4-6 p.m.—Miss Yost will be at home
informally at her home, 532 La
suen.
8 p.m. —Meeting of the Science As
sociation in Faculty Club House.
Professor C. R. Noller will speak
on "Some Recent Advances in Ap
plied Organic Chemistry."
8 p.m.—Chi Nil Kappa, classical lit
erature honor society, will meet
in the basement of the Women's
Clubhouse. Illustrated lecture by
Professor Walter Eells on "An
cient Methods of Hydraulic En
gineering."
THURSDAY
12 noon—Regular French Table in
the Union dining room. All stu
dents invited.
4 p.m.—Chemophysical biology sem
inar in Room 427.
4:15 p.m.—Organ recital by Warren
D. Allen in the Memorial Church.
FRIDAY
2 p.m.—Oral examination for the
doctorate. A. Russel Buchanan, in
Room 308, Library.
3 p.m.—Oral examination for doctor
ate. Lewis A. Thayer, in Room
310, Library.
MISCELLANEOUS
Ruth Tremeear, Y.W.C.A. council
member in charge of Sunday ves
pers, announces that there will be
no more vesper services until next
fall quarter.
TUESDAY
4:15 p.m.—Organ recital by Warren
D. Allen in the Memorial Church.
5:45 p.m.—Y.W.C.A. Cabinet meeting
in Y.W.C.A. rooms, Women's
Clubhouse.
7:15 p.m.—Meeting of the varsity
track squad in room 45 of B.A.C.
7:30 p.m.—Lecture-recital on "Music
of the Renaissance," by Elio Gian
turco, of the University of Cali
fornia, in the Little Theatre.
WEDNESDAY
12 noon—lnternational Table in the
alcove of the Union dining room
will be open to all interested.
1:10 p.m.—Election meeting of Sig
ma Delta Chi, Room 9, Journalism
Building.
4-6 p.m.—Miss Yost will be at home
informally at her home, 532 La
suen.
8 p.m. —Meeting of the Science As
sociation in Faculty Club House.
Professor C. R. Noller will speak
on "Some Recent Advances in Ap
plied Organic Chemistry."
8 p.m.—Chi Nil Kappa, classical lit
erature honor society, will meet
in the basement of the Women's
Clubhouse. Illustrated lecture by
Professor Walter Eells on "An
cient Methods of Hydraulic En
gineering."
THURSDAY
12 noon—Regular French Table in
the Union dining room. All stu
dents invited.
4 p.m.—Chemophysical biology sem
inar in Room 427.
4:15 p.m.—Organ recital by Warren
D. Allen in the Memorial Church.
FRIDAY
2 p.m.—Oral examination for the
doctorate. A. Russel Buchanan, in
Room 308, Library.
3 p.m.—Oral examination for doctor
ate. Lewis A. Thayer, in Room
310, Library.
MISCELLANEOUS
Ruth Tremeear, Y.W.C.A. council
member in charge of Sunday ves
pers, announces that there will be
no more vesper services until next
fall quarter.
TUESDAY
4:15 p.m.—Organ recital by Warren
D. Allen in the Memorial Church.
5:45 p.m.—Y.W.C.A. Cabinet meeting
in Y.W.C.A. rooms, Women's
Clubhouse.
7:15 p.m.—Meeting of the varsity
track squad in room 45 of B.A.C.
7:30 p.m.—Lecture-recital on "Music
of the Renaissance," by Elio Gian
turco, of the University of Cali
fornia, in the Little Theatre.
WEDNESDAY
12 noon—lnternational Table in the
alcove of the Union dining room
will be open to all interested.
1:10 p.m.—Election meeting of Sig
ma Delta Chi, Room 9, Journalism
Building.
4-6 p.m.—Miss Yost will be at home
informally at her home, 532 La
suen.
8 p.m. —Meeting of the Science As
sociation in Faculty Club House.
Professor C. R. Noller will speak
on "Some Recent Advances in Ap
plied Organic Chemistry."
8 p.m.—Chi Nil Kappa, classical lit
erature honor society, will meet
in the basement of the Women's
Clubhouse. Illustrated lecture by
Professor Walter Eells on "An
cient Methods of Hydraulic En
gineering."
THURSDAY
12 noon—Regular French Table in
the Union dining room. All stu
dents invited.
4 p.m.—Chemophysical biology sem
inar in Room 427.
4:15 p.m.—Organ recital by Warren
D. Allen in the Memorial Church.
FRIDAY
2 p.m.—Oral examination for the
doctorate. A. Russel Buchanan, in
Room 308, Library.
3 p.m.—Oral examination for doctor
ate. Lewis A. Thayer, in Room
310, Library.
MISCELLANEOUS
Ruth Tremeear, Y.W.C.A. council
member in charge of Sunday ves
pers, announces that there will be
no more vesper services until next
fall quarter.
TUESDAY
4:15 p.m.—Organ recital by Warren
D. Allen in the Memorial Church.
5:45 p.m.—Y.W.C.A. Cabinet meeting
in Y.W.C.A. rooms, Women's
Clubhouse.
7:15 p.m.—Meeting of the varsity
track squad in room 45 of B.A.C.
7:30 p.m.—Lecture-recital on "Music
of the Renaissance," by Elio Gian
turco, of the University of Cali
fornia, in the Little Theatre.
WEDNESDAY
12 noon—lnternational Table in the
alcove of the Union dining room
will be open to all interested.
1:10 p.m.—Election meeting of Sig
ma Delta Chi, Room 9, Journalism
Building.
4-6 p.m.—Miss Yost will be at home
informally at her home, 532 La
suen.
8 p.m. —Meeting of the Science As
sociation in Faculty Club House.
Professor C. R. Noller will speak
on "Some Recent Advances in Ap
plied Organic Chemistry."
8 p.m.—Chi Nil Kappa, classical lit
erature honor society, will meet
in the basement of the Women's
Clubhouse. Illustrated lecture by
Professor Walter Eells on "An
cient Methods of Hydraulic En
gineering."
THURSDAY
12 noon—Regular French Table in
the Union dining room. All stu
dents invited.
4 p.m.—Chemophysical biology sem
inar in Room 427.
4:15 p.m.—Organ recital by Warren
D. Allen in the Memorial Church.
FRIDAY
2 p.m.—Oral examination for the
doctorate. A. Russel Buchanan, in
Room 308, Library.
3 p.m.—Oral examination for doctor
ate. Lewis A. Thayer, in Room
310, Library.
MISCELLANEOUS
Ruth Tremeear, Y.W.C.A. council
member in charge of Sunday ves
pers, announces that there will be
no more vesper services until next
fall quarter.
TUESDAY
4:15 p.m.—Organ recital by Warren
D. Allen in the Memorial Church.
5:45 p.m.—Y.W.C.A. Cabinet meeting
in Y.W.C.A. rooms, Women's
Clubhouse.
7:15 p.m.—Meeting of the varsity
track squad in room 45 of B.A.C.
7:30 p.m.—Lecture-recital on "Music
of the Renaissance," by Elio Gian
turco, of the University of Cali
fornia, in the Little Theatre.
WEDNESDAY
12 noon—lnternational Table in the
alcove of the Union dining room
will be open to all interested.
1:10 p.m.—Election meeting of Sig
ma Delta Chi, Room 9, Journalism
Building.
4-6 p.m.—Miss Yost will be at home
informally at her home, 532 La
suen.
8 p.m. —Meeting of the Science As
sociation in Faculty Club House.
Professor C. R. Noller will speak
on "Some Recent Advances in Ap
plied Organic Chemistry."
8 p.m.—Chi Nil Kappa, classical lit
erature honor society, will meet
in the basement of the Women's
Clubhouse. Illustrated lecture by
Professor Walter Eells on "An
cient Methods of Hydraulic En
gineering."
THURSDAY
12 noon—Regular French Table in
the Union dining room. All stu
dents invited.
4 p.m.—Chemophysical biology sem
inar in Room 427.
4:15 p.m.—Organ recital by Warren
D. Allen in the Memorial Church.
FRIDAY
2 p.m.—Oral examination for the
doctorate. A. Russel Buchanan, in
Room 308, Library.
3 p.m.—Oral examination for doctor
ate. Lewis A. Thayer, in Room
310, Library.
MISCELLANEOUS
Ruth Tremeear, Y.W.C.A. council
member in charge of Sunday ves
pers, announces that there will be
no more vesper services until next
fall quarter.
TUESDAY
4:15 p.m.—Organ recital by Warren
D. Allen in the Memorial Church.
5:45 p.m.—Y.W.C.A. Cabinet meeting
in Y.W.C.A. rooms, Women's
Clubhouse.
7:15 p.m.—Meeting of the varsity
track squad in room 45 of B.A.C.
7:30 p.m.—Lecture-recital on "Music
of the Renaissance," by Elio Gian
turco, of the University of Cali
fornia, in the Little Theatre.
WEDNESDAY
12 noon—lnternational Table in the
alcove of the Union dining room
will be open to all interested.
1:10 p.m.—Election meeting of Sig
ma Delta Chi, Room 9, Journalism
Building.
4-6 p.m.—Miss Yost will be at home
informally at her home, 532 La
suen.
8 p.m. —Meeting of the Science As
sociation in Faculty Club House.
Professor C. R. Noller will speak
on "Some Recent Advances in Ap
plied Organic Chemistry."
8 p.m.—Chi Nil Kappa, classical lit
erature honor society, will meet
in the basement of the Women's
Clubhouse. Illustrated lecture by
Professor Walter Eells on "An
cient Methods of Hydraulic En
gineering."
THURSDAY
12 noon—Regular French Table in
the Union dining room. All stu
dents invited.
4 p.m.—Chemophysical biology sem
inar in Room 427.
4:15 p.m.—Organ recital by Warren
D. Allen in the Memorial Church.
FRIDAY
2 p.m.—Oral examination for the
doctorate. A. Russel Buchanan, in
Room 308, Library.
3 p.m.—Oral examination for doctor
ate. Lewis A. Thayer, in Room
310, Library.
MISCELLANEOUS
Ruth Tremeear, Y.W.C.A. council
member in charge of Sunday ves
pers, announces that there will be
no more vesper services until next
fall quarter.
TUESDAY
4:15 p.m.—Organ recital by Warren
D. Allen in the Memorial Church.
5:45 p.m.—Y.W.C.A. Cabinet meeting
in Y.W.C.A. rooms, Women's
Clubhouse.
7:15 p.m.—Meeting of the varsity
track squad in room 45 of B.A.C.
7:30 p.m.—Lecture-recital on "Music
of the Renaissance," by Elio Gian
turco, of the University of Cali
fornia, in the Little Theatre.
WEDNESDAY
12 noon—lnternational Table in the
alcove of the Union dining room
will be open to all interested.
1:10 p.m.—Election meeting of Sig
ma Delta Chi, Room 9, Journalism
Building.
4-6 p.m.—Miss Yost will be at home
informally at her home, 532 La
suen.
8 p.m. —Meeting of the Science As
sociation in Faculty Club House.
Professor C. R. Noller will speak
on "Some Recent Advances in Ap
plied Organic Chemistry."
8 p.m.—Chi Nil Kappa, classical lit
erature honor society, will meet
in the basement of the Women's
Clubhouse. Illustrated lecture by
Professor Walter Eells on "An
cient Methods of Hydraulic En
gineering."
THURSDAY
12 noon—Regular French Table in
the Union dining room. All stu
dents invited.
4 p.m.—Chemophysical biology sem
inar in Room 427.
4:15 p.m.—Organ recital by Warren
D. Allen in the Memorial Church.
FRIDAY
2 p.m.—Oral examination for the
doctorate. A. Russel Buchanan, in
Room 308, Library.
3 p.m.—Oral examination for doctor
ate. Lewis A. Thayer, in Room
310, Library.
MISCELLANEOUS
Ruth Tremeear, Y.W.C.A. council
member in charge of Sunday ves
pers, announces that there will be
no more vesper services until next
fall quarter.
TUESDAY
4:15 p.m.—Organ recital by Warren
D. Allen in the Memorial Church.
5:45 p.m.—Y.W.C.A. Cabinet meeting
in Y.W.C.A. rooms, Women's
Clubhouse.
7:15 p.m.—Meeting of the varsity
track squad in room 45 of B.A.C.
7:30 p.m.—Lecture-recital on "Music
of the Renaissance," by Elio Gian
turco, of the University of Cali
fornia, in the Little Theatre.
WEDNESDAY
12 noon—lnternational Table in the
alcove of the Union dining room
will be open to all interested.
1:10 p.m.—Election meeting of Sig
ma Delta Chi, Room 9, Journalism
Building.
4-6 p.m.—Miss Yost will be at home
informally at her home, 532 La
suen.
8 p.m. —Meeting of the Science As
sociation in Faculty Club House.
Professor C. R. Noller will speak
on "Some Recent Advances in Ap
plied Organic Chemistry."
8 p.m.—Chi Nil Kappa, classical lit
erature honor society, will meet
in the basement of the Women's
Clubhouse. Illustrated lecture by
Professor Walter Eells on "An
cient Methods of Hydraulic En
gineering."
THURSDAY
12 noon—Regular French Table in
the Union dining room. All stu
dents invited.
4 p.m.—Chemophysical biology sem
inar in Room 427.
4:15 p.m.—Organ recital by Warren
D. Allen in the Memorial Church.
FRIDAY
2 p.m.—Oral examination for the
doctorate. A. Russel Buchanan, in
Room 308, Library.
3 p.m.—Oral examination for doctor
ate. Lewis A. Thayer, in Room
310, Library.
MISCELLANEOUS
Ruth Tremeear, Y.W.C.A. council
member in charge of Sunday ves
pers, announces that there will be
no more vesper services until next
fall quarter.
TUESDAY
4:15 p.m.—Organ recital by Warren
D. Allen in the Memorial Church.
5:45 p.m.—Y.W.C.A. Cabinet meeting
in Y.W.C.A. rooms, Women's
Clubhouse.
7:15 p.m.—Meeting of the varsity
track squad in room 45 of B.A.C.
7:30 p.m.—Lecture-recital on "Music
of the Renaissance," by Elio Gian
turco, of the University of Cali
fornia, in the Little Theatre.
WEDNESDAY
12 noon—lnternational Table in the
alcove of the Union dining room
will be open to all interested.
1:10 p.m.—Election meeting of Sig
ma Delta Chi, Room 9, Journalism
Building.
4-6 p.m.—Miss Yost will be at home
informally at her home, 532 La
suen.
8 p.m. —Meeting of the Science As
sociation in Faculty Club House.
Professor C. R. Noller will speak
on "Some Recent Advances in Ap
plied Organic Chemistry."
8 p.m.—Chi Nil Kappa, classical lit
erature honor society, will meet
in the basement of the Women's
Clubhouse. Illustrated lecture by
Professor Walter Eells on "An
cient Methods of Hydraulic En
gineering."
THURSDAY
12 noon—Regular French Table in
the Union dining room. All stu
dents invited.
4 p.m.—Chemophysical biology sem
inar in Room 427.
4:15 p.m.—Organ recital by Warren
D. Allen in the Memorial Church.
FRIDAY
2 p.m.—Oral examination for the
doctorate. A. Russel Buchanan, in
Room 308, Library.
3 p.m.—Oral examination for doctor
ate. Lewis A. Thayer, in Room
310, Library.
MISCELLANEOUS
Ruth Tremeear, Y.W.C.A. council
member in charge of Sunday ves
pers, announces that there will be
no more vesper services until next
fall quarter.
TUESDAY
4:15 p.m.—Organ recital by Warren
D. Allen in the Memorial Church.
5:45 p.m.—Y.W.C.A. Cabinet meeting
in Y.W.C.A. rooms, Women's
Clubhouse.
7:15 p.m.—Meeting of the varsity
track squad in room 45 of B.A.C.
7:30 p.m.—Lecture-recital on "Music
of the Renaissance," by Elio Gian
turco, of the University of Cali
fornia, in the Little Theatre.
WEDNESDAY
12 noon—lnternational Table in the
alcove of the Union dining room
will be open to all interested.
1:10 p.m.—Election meeting of Sig
ma Delta Chi, Room 9, Journalism
Building.
4-6 p.m.—Miss Yost will be at home
informally at her home, 532 La
suen.
8 p.m. —Meeting of the Science As
sociation in Faculty Club House.
Professor C. R. Noller will speak
on "Some Recent Advances in Ap
plied Organic Chemistry."
8 p.m.—Chi Nil Kappa, classical lit
erature honor society, will meet
in the basement of the Women's
Clubhouse. Illustrated lecture by
Professor Walter Eells on "An
cient Methods of Hydraulic En
gineering."
THURSDAY
12 noon—Regular French Table in
the Union dining room. All stu
dents invited.
4 p.m.—Chemophysical biology sem
inar in Room 427.
4:15 p.m.—Organ recital by Warren
D. Allen in the Memorial Church.
FRIDAY
2 p.m.—Oral examination for the
doctorate. A. Russel Buchanan, in
Room 308, Library.
3 p.m.—Oral examination for doctor
ate. Lewis A. Thayer, in Room
310, Library.
MISCELLANEOUS
Ruth Tremeear, Y.W.C.A. council
member in charge of Sunday ves
pers, announces that there will be
no more vesper services until next
fall quarter.
