# Chas. N. Felton Gives $100,000 to Clinic
## 
### 
Charles N. Felton recently donated the
sum of $100,000 to ihe Stanford Clinic,
formerly the Lane Clinic, in San Fran
cisco, this amount to he paid upon the
death of his wife. Mr. Felton lives in
San Mateo, and has always shown an in
tense interest in hospital and welfare
work. He has bequeathed $35,000 to a
hospital in Redwood City, and material
ly aided several others.
Charles N. Felton recently donated the
sum of $100,000 to ihe Stanford Clinic,
formerly the Lane Clinic, in San Fran
cisco, this amount to he paid upon the
death of his wife. Mr. Felton lives in
San Mateo, and has always shown an in
tense interest in hospital and welfare
work. He has bequeathed $35,000 to a
hospital in Redwood City, and material
ly aided several others.
Charles N. Felton recently donated the
sum of $100,000 to ihe Stanford Clinic,
formerly the Lane Clinic, in San Fran
cisco, this amount to he paid upon the
death of his wife. Mr. Felton lives in
San Mateo, and has always shown an in
tense interest in hospital and welfare
work. He has bequeathed $35,000 to a
hospital in Redwood City, and material
ly aided several others.
Charles N. Felton recently donated the
sum of $100,000 to ihe Stanford Clinic,
formerly the Lane Clinic, in San Fran
cisco, this amount to he paid upon the
death of his wife. Mr. Felton lives in
San Mateo, and has always shown an in
tense interest in hospital and welfare
work. He has bequeathed $35,000 to a
hospital in Redwood City, and material
ly aided several others.
Charles N. Felton recently donated the
sum of $100,000 to ihe Stanford Clinic,
formerly the Lane Clinic, in San Fran
cisco, this amount to he paid upon the
death of his wife. Mr. Felton lives in
San Mateo, and has always shown an in
tense interest in hospital and welfare
work. He has bequeathed $35,000 to a
hospital in Redwood City, and material
ly aided several others.
Charles N. Felton recently donated the
sum of $100,000 to ihe Stanford Clinic,
formerly the Lane Clinic, in San Fran
cisco, this amount to he paid upon the
death of his wife. Mr. Felton lives in
San Mateo, and has always shown an in
tense interest in hospital and welfare
work. He has bequeathed $35,000 to a
hospital in Redwood City, and material
ly aided several others.
Charles N. Felton recently donated the
sum of $100,000 to ihe Stanford Clinic,
formerly the Lane Clinic, in San Fran
cisco, this amount to he paid upon the
death of his wife. Mr. Felton lives in
San Mateo, and has always shown an in
tense interest in hospital and welfare
work. He has bequeathed $35,000 to a
hospital in Redwood City, and material
ly aided several others.
Charles N. Felton recently donated the
sum of $100,000 to ihe Stanford Clinic,
formerly the Lane Clinic, in San Fran
cisco, this amount to he paid upon the
death of his wife. Mr. Felton lives in
San Mateo, and has always shown an in
tense interest in hospital and welfare
work. He has bequeathed $35,000 to a
hospital in Redwood City, and material
ly aided several others.
Charles N. Felton recently donated the
sum of $100,000 to ihe Stanford Clinic,
formerly the Lane Clinic, in San Fran
cisco, this amount to he paid upon the
death of his wife. Mr. Felton lives in
San Mateo, and has always shown an in
tense interest in hospital and welfare
work. He has bequeathed $35,000 to a
hospital in Redwood City, and material
ly aided several others.
Charles N. Felton recently donated the
sum of $100,000 to ihe Stanford Clinic,
formerly the Lane Clinic, in San Fran
cisco, this amount to he paid upon the
death of his wife. Mr. Felton lives in
San Mateo, and has always shown an in
tense interest in hospital and welfare
work. He has bequeathed $35,000 to a
hospital in Redwood City, and material
ly aided several others.
Charles N. Felton recently donated the
sum of $100,000 to ihe Stanford Clinic,
formerly the Lane Clinic, in San Fran
cisco, this amount to he paid upon the
death of his wife. Mr. Felton lives in
San Mateo, and has always shown an in
tense interest in hospital and welfare
work. He has bequeathed $35,000 to a
hospital in Redwood City, and material
ly aided several others.
Charles N. Felton recently donated the
sum of $100,000 to ihe Stanford Clinic,
formerly the Lane Clinic, in San Fran
cisco, this amount to he paid upon the
death of his wife. Mr. Felton lives in
San Mateo, and has always shown an in
tense interest in hospital and welfare
work. He has bequeathed $35,000 to a
hospital in Redwood City, and material
ly aided several others.
