# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The University of Oxford, England,
is composed of twenty-two colleges
and three halls. The average enroll
ment cf these is about 150. Cam
bridge University has seventeen col
leges and one hall. Its largest col
lege, Trinity, has about 550 under
graduates.
The University of Oxford, England,
is composed of twenty-two colleges
and three halls. The average enroll
ment cf these is about 150. Cam
bridge University has seventeen col
leges and one hall. Its largest col
lege, Trinity, has about 550 under
graduates.
The University of Oxford, England,
is composed of twenty-two colleges
and three halls. The average enroll
ment cf these is about 150. Cam
bridge University has seventeen col
leges and one hall. Its largest col
lege, Trinity, has about 550 under
graduates.
The University of Oxford, England,
is composed of twenty-two colleges
and three halls. The average enroll
ment cf these is about 150. Cam
bridge University has seventeen col
leges and one hall. Its largest col
lege, Trinity, has about 550 under
graduates.
The University of Oxford, England,
is composed of twenty-two colleges
and three halls. The average enroll
ment cf these is about 150. Cam
bridge University has seventeen col
leges and one hall. Its largest col
lege, Trinity, has about 550 under
graduates.
The University of Oxford, England,
is composed of twenty-two colleges
and three halls. The average enroll
ment cf these is about 150. Cam
bridge University has seventeen col
leges and one hall. Its largest col
lege, Trinity, has about 550 under
graduates.
The University of Oxford, England,
is composed of twenty-two colleges
and three halls. The average enroll
ment cf these is about 150. Cam
bridge University has seventeen col
leges and one hall. Its largest col
lege, Trinity, has about 550 under
graduates.
The University of Oxford, England,
is composed of twenty-two colleges
and three halls. The average enroll
ment cf these is about 150. Cam
bridge University has seventeen col
leges and one hall. Its largest col
lege, Trinity, has about 550 under
graduates.
The University of Oxford, England,
is composed of twenty-two colleges
and three halls. The average enroll
ment cf these is about 150. Cam
bridge University has seventeen col
leges and one hall. Its largest col
lege, Trinity, has about 550 under
graduates.
The University of Oxford, England,
is composed of twenty-two colleges
and three halls. The average enroll
ment cf these is about 150. Cam
bridge University has seventeen col
leges and one hall. Its largest col
lege, Trinity, has about 550 under
graduates.
The University of Oxford, England,
is composed of twenty-two colleges
and three halls. The average enroll
ment cf these is about 150. Cam
bridge University has seventeen col
leges and one hall. Its largest col
lege, Trinity, has about 550 under
graduates.
The University of Oxford, England,
is composed of twenty-two colleges
and three halls. The average enroll
ment cf these is about 150. Cam
bridge University has seventeen col
leges and one hall. Its largest col
lege, Trinity, has about 550 under
graduates.
