# Daily Services Continue.
## 
### 
The daily chapel services in the ves
try room of the Memorial Church will
be continued during the present week
by the Rev. 1"). C. Gardner. 8 a.m. is
the time, the services lasting but ten
minutes.
The daily chapel services in the ves
try room of the Memorial Church will
be continued during the present week
by the Rev. 1"). C. Gardner. 8 a.m. is
the time, the services lasting but ten
minutes.
The daily chapel services in the ves
try room of the Memorial Church will
be continued during the present week
by the Rev. 1"). C. Gardner. 8 a.m. is
the time, the services lasting but ten
minutes.
The daily chapel services in the ves
try room of the Memorial Church will
be continued during the present week
by the Rev. 1"). C. Gardner. 8 a.m. is
the time, the services lasting but ten
minutes.
The daily chapel services in the ves
try room of the Memorial Church will
be continued during the present week
by the Rev. 1"). C. Gardner. 8 a.m. is
the time, the services lasting but ten
minutes.
The daily chapel services in the ves
try room of the Memorial Church will
be continued during the present week
by the Rev. 1"). C. Gardner. 8 a.m. is
the time, the services lasting but ten
minutes.
The daily chapel services in the ves
try room of the Memorial Church will
be continued during the present week
by the Rev. 1"). C. Gardner. 8 a.m. is
the time, the services lasting but ten
minutes.
The daily chapel services in the ves
try room of the Memorial Church will
be continued during the present week
by the Rev. 1"). C. Gardner. 8 a.m. is
the time, the services lasting but ten
minutes.
The daily chapel services in the ves
try room of the Memorial Church will
be continued during the present week
by the Rev. 1"). C. Gardner. 8 a.m. is
the time, the services lasting but ten
minutes.
The daily chapel services in the ves
try room of the Memorial Church will
be continued during the present week
by the Rev. 1"). C. Gardner. 8 a.m. is
the time, the services lasting but ten
minutes.
The daily chapel services in the ves
try room of the Memorial Church will
be continued during the present week
by the Rev. 1"). C. Gardner. 8 a.m. is
the time, the services lasting but ten
minutes.
