# RECEPTION IS BIG SUCCESS.
## Encina Club Receives Faculty Friday Evening With Highly Entertaining Program. 
### 
The second annual reception to the
faculty by Encina Club was a decided
success. Well attended and heartily
enjoyed by both professors and stu
dents, the affair will long be remem
bered as one of best dates on the sea
son's social calender.
The program as arranged and given
entirely by Hall talent lasted for a:i
hour and a half, after which a general
reception and refreshments were in
dulged in by all. The program in
cluded, among other features, songs
by P. Ward, '12. selections by the
Encina orchestra and mandolin club,
and a clever vaudeville skit by G. F.
Morgan, '10. and P. Eliel. '13. Eliel
was the author of the playlet and did
exceedingly clever work as a German
musical composer. The most finished
feature was the almost professional
fancy tumbling stunt put on by ,T. H.
Wiggins, '10. and E. P. Bly. '13. The
comic dance as given by G. F. Morgan.
'10. D. E. Newton. '11. F. H. Hilton.
'11. L. L. Hill. '11. W. Tucker, '12. C.
H. Richardson. '12. H. L. Loud. '13,
and K. R. Levy, '13, who were dis
guised to represent various professors
of the University, undoubtedly made
the hit of the evening.
The second annual reception to the
faculty by Encina Club was a decided
success. Well attended and heartily
enjoyed by both professors and stu
dents, the affair will long be remem
bered as one of best dates on the sea
son's social calender.
The program as arranged and given
entirely by Hall talent lasted for a:i
hour and a half, after which a general
reception and refreshments were in
dulged in by all. The program in
cluded, among other features, songs
by P. Ward, '12. selections by the
Encina orchestra and mandolin club,
and a clever vaudeville skit by G. F.
Morgan, '10. and P. Eliel. '13. Eliel
was the author of the playlet and did
exceedingly clever work as a German
musical composer. The most finished
feature was the almost professional
fancy tumbling stunt put on by ,T. H.
Wiggins, '10. and E. P. Bly. '13. The
comic dance as given by G. F. Morgan.
'10. D. E. Newton. '11. F. H. Hilton.
'11. L. L. Hill. '11. W. Tucker, '12. C.
H. Richardson. '12. H. L. Loud. '13,
and K. R. Levy, '13, who were dis
guised to represent various professors
of the University, undoubtedly made
the hit of the evening.
The second annual reception to the
faculty by Encina Club was a decided
success. Well attended and heartily
enjoyed by both professors and stu
dents, the affair will long be remem
bered as one of best dates on the sea
son's social calender.
The program as arranged and given
entirely by Hall talent lasted for a:i
hour and a half, after which a general
reception and refreshments were in
dulged in by all. The program in
cluded, among other features, songs
by P. Ward, '12. selections by the
Encina orchestra and mandolin club,
and a clever vaudeville skit by G. F.
Morgan, '10. and P. Eliel. '13. Eliel
was the author of the playlet and did
exceedingly clever work as a German
musical composer. The most finished
feature was the almost professional
fancy tumbling stunt put on by ,T. H.
Wiggins, '10. and E. P. Bly. '13. The
comic dance as given by G. F. Morgan.
'10. D. E. Newton. '11. F. H. Hilton.
'11. L. L. Hill. '11. W. Tucker, '12. C.
H. Richardson. '12. H. L. Loud. '13,
and K. R. Levy, '13, who were dis
guised to represent various professors
of the University, undoubtedly made
the hit of the evening.
The second annual reception to the
faculty by Encina Club was a decided
success. Well attended and heartily
enjoyed by both professors and stu
dents, the affair will long be remem
bered as one of best dates on the sea
son's social calender.
The program as arranged and given
entirely by Hall talent lasted for a:i
hour and a half, after which a general
reception and refreshments were in
dulged in by all. The program in
cluded, among other features, songs
by P. Ward, '12. selections by the
Encina orchestra and mandolin club,
and a clever vaudeville skit by G. F.
Morgan, '10. and P. Eliel. '13. Eliel
was the author of the playlet and did
exceedingly clever work as a German
musical composer. The most finished
feature was the almost professional
fancy tumbling stunt put on by ,T. H.
Wiggins, '10. and E. P. Bly. '13. The
comic dance as given by G. F. Morgan.
'10. D. E. Newton. '11. F. H. Hilton.
'11. L. L. Hill. '11. W. Tucker, '12. C.
H. Richardson. '12. H. L. Loud. '13,
and K. R. Levy, '13, who were dis
guised to represent various professors
of the University, undoubtedly made
the hit of the evening.
The second annual reception to the
faculty by Encina Club was a decided
success. Well attended and heartily
enjoyed by both professors and stu
dents, the affair will long be remem
bered as one of best dates on the sea
son's social calender.
The program as arranged and given
entirely by Hall talent lasted for a:i
hour and a half, after which a general
reception and refreshments were in
dulged in by all. The program in
cluded, among other features, songs
by P. Ward, '12. selections by the
Encina orchestra and mandolin club,
and a clever vaudeville skit by G. F.
Morgan, '10. and P. Eliel. '13. Eliel
was the author of the playlet and did
exceedingly clever work as a German
musical composer. The most finished
feature was the almost professional
fancy tumbling stunt put on by ,T. H.
Wiggins, '10. and E. P. Bly. '13. The
comic dance as given by G. F. Morgan.
'10. D. E. Newton. '11. F. H. Hilton.
'11. L. L. Hill. '11. W. Tucker, '12. C.
H. Richardson. '12. H. L. Loud. '13,
and K. R. Levy, '13, who were dis
guised to represent various professors
of the University, undoubtedly made
the hit of the evening.
The second annual reception to the
faculty by Encina Club was a decided
success. Well attended and heartily
enjoyed by both professors and stu
dents, the affair will long be remem
bered as one of best dates on the sea
son's social calender.
The program as arranged and given
entirely by Hall talent lasted for a:i
hour and a half, after which a general
reception and refreshments were in
dulged in by all. The program in
cluded, among other features, songs
by P. Ward, '12. selections by the
Encina orchestra and mandolin club,
and a clever vaudeville skit by G. F.
Morgan, '10. and P. Eliel. '13. Eliel
was the author of the playlet and did
exceedingly clever work as a German
musical composer. The most finished
feature was the almost professional
fancy tumbling stunt put on by ,T. H.
Wiggins, '10. and E. P. Bly. '13. The
comic dance as given by G. F. Morgan.
'10. D. E. Newton. '11. F. H. Hilton.
'11. L. L. Hill. '11. W. Tucker, '12. C.
H. Richardson. '12. H. L. Loud. '13,
and K. R. Levy, '13, who were dis
guised to represent various professors
of the University, undoubtedly made
the hit of the evening.
The second annual reception to the
faculty by Encina Club was a decided
success. Well attended and heartily
enjoyed by both professors and stu
dents, the affair will long be remem
bered as one of best dates on the sea
son's social calender.
The program as arranged and given
entirely by Hall talent lasted for a:i
hour and a half, after which a general
reception and refreshments were in
dulged in by all. The program in
cluded, among other features, songs
by P. Ward, '12. selections by the
Encina orchestra and mandolin club,
and a clever vaudeville skit by G. F.
Morgan, '10. and P. Eliel. '13. Eliel
was the author of the playlet and did
exceedingly clever work as a German
musical composer. The most finished
feature was the almost professional
fancy tumbling stunt put on by ,T. H.
Wiggins, '10. and E. P. Bly. '13. The
comic dance as given by G. F. Morgan.
'10. D. E. Newton. '11. F. H. Hilton.
'11. L. L. Hill. '11. W. Tucker, '12. C.
H. Richardson. '12. H. L. Loud. '13,
and K. R. Levy, '13, who were dis
guised to represent various professors
of the University, undoubtedly made
the hit of the evening.
The second annual reception to the
faculty by Encina Club was a decided
success. Well attended and heartily
enjoyed by both professors and stu
dents, the affair will long be remem
bered as one of best dates on the sea
son's social calender.
The program as arranged and given
entirely by Hall talent lasted for a:i
hour and a half, after which a general
reception and refreshments were in
dulged in by all. The program in
cluded, among other features, songs
by P. Ward, '12. selections by the
Encina orchestra and mandolin club,
and a clever vaudeville skit by G. F.
Morgan, '10. and P. Eliel. '13. Eliel
was the author of the playlet and did
exceedingly clever work as a German
musical composer. The most finished
feature was the almost professional
fancy tumbling stunt put on by ,T. H.
Wiggins, '10. and E. P. Bly. '13. The
comic dance as given by G. F. Morgan.
'10. D. E. Newton. '11. F. H. Hilton.
'11. L. L. Hill. '11. W. Tucker, '12. C.
H. Richardson. '12. H. L. Loud. '13,
and K. R. Levy, '13, who were dis
guised to represent various professors
of the University, undoubtedly made
the hit of the evening.
The second annual reception to the
faculty by Encina Club was a decided
success. Well attended and heartily
enjoyed by both professors and stu
dents, the affair will long be remem
bered as one of best dates on the sea
son's social calender.
The program as arranged and given
entirely by Hall talent lasted for a:i
hour and a half, after which a general
reception and refreshments were in
dulged in by all. The program in
cluded, among other features, songs
by P. Ward, '12. selections by the
Encina orchestra and mandolin club,
and a clever vaudeville skit by G. F.
Morgan, '10. and P. Eliel. '13. Eliel
was the author of the playlet and did
exceedingly clever work as a German
musical composer. The most finished
feature was the almost professional
fancy tumbling stunt put on by ,T. H.
Wiggins, '10. and E. P. Bly. '13. The
comic dance as given by G. F. Morgan.
'10. D. E. Newton. '11. F. H. Hilton.
'11. L. L. Hill. '11. W. Tucker, '12. C.
H. Richardson. '12. H. L. Loud. '13,
and K. R. Levy, '13, who were dis
guised to represent various professors
of the University, undoubtedly made
the hit of the evening.
The second annual reception to the
faculty by Encina Club was a decided
success. Well attended and heartily
enjoyed by both professors and stu
dents, the affair will long be remem
bered as one of best dates on the sea
son's social calender.
The program as arranged and given
entirely by Hall talent lasted for a:i
hour and a half, after which a general
reception and refreshments were in
dulged in by all. The program in
cluded, among other features, songs
by P. Ward, '12. selections by the
Encina orchestra and mandolin club,
and a clever vaudeville skit by G. F.
Morgan, '10. and P. Eliel. '13. Eliel
was the author of the playlet and did
exceedingly clever work as a German
musical composer. The most finished
feature was the almost professional
fancy tumbling stunt put on by ,T. H.
Wiggins, '10. and E. P. Bly. '13. The
comic dance as given by G. F. Morgan.
'10. D. E. Newton. '11. F. H. Hilton.
'11. L. L. Hill. '11. W. Tucker, '12. C.
H. Richardson. '12. H. L. Loud. '13,
and K. R. Levy, '13, who were dis
guised to represent various professors
of the University, undoubtedly made
the hit of the evening.
The second annual reception to the
faculty by Encina Club was a decided
success. Well attended and heartily
enjoyed by both professors and stu
dents, the affair will long be remem
bered as one of best dates on the sea
son's social calender.
The program as arranged and given
entirely by Hall talent lasted for a:i
hour and a half, after which a general
reception and refreshments were in
dulged in by all. The program in
cluded, among other features, songs
by P. Ward, '12. selections by the
Encina orchestra and mandolin club,
and a clever vaudeville skit by G. F.
Morgan, '10. and P. Eliel. '13. Eliel
was the author of the playlet and did
exceedingly clever work as a German
musical composer. The most finished
feature was the almost professional
fancy tumbling stunt put on by ,T. H.
Wiggins, '10. and E. P. Bly. '13. The
comic dance as given by G. F. Morgan.
'10. D. E. Newton. '11. F. H. Hilton.
'11. L. L. Hill. '11. W. Tucker, '12. C.
H. Richardson. '12. H. L. Loud. '13,
and K. R. Levy, '13, who were dis
guised to represent various professors
of the University, undoubtedly made
the hit of the evening.
