# MRS. SNELL LEAVES TO ATTEND MEETING OF DEANS OF WOMEN
## 
### 
Mrs. Elizabeth Snell, appointm«nt
secretary of the University, will leave
this afternoon to represent Stanford
at the convention of deans of women
and the organization meeting of a na
tional association of appointment sec
retaries in Chicago, February 24-28.
Mrs. Snell is temporary secretary
of the Western Association of Appoint
ment Secretaries which was formed at
the meeting of the School Superin
tendents association in Riverside last
October. The proposed national or
ganization will serve the same pur
poses as those of the organization of
Western states, that is, to enable the
appointment secretaries in various
colleges and universities to aid each
other in their work and to acquaint
the public with the character and pur
pose of that work.
While she is in Chicago, Mrs. Snell
will also participate in a conference
on vocational guidance of undergradu
ate women to which the national com
mittee of bureaus of occupations has
invited a small group. This conference
will discuss vocational training for
college women and their placement.
While she is away, Mss. Snell will
visit the Universities of Nevada, Ne
braska, and Washington for the pur
pose of observing the work of the ap
pointment secretaries in those institu
tions. She expects to return to Stan
ford about the middle of March.

The wearing of blue yeans t>y the
sophomore men of the University of
California is gradually finding favor
on the campus, and each day a large
number of the 1926 class don the blue
jeans in token of their second year
rating.
Previous to this year the official in
signia was a soft cap of certain weave
and stripe.
Mrs. Elizabeth Snell, appointm«nt
secretary of the University, will leave
this afternoon to represent Stanford
at the convention of deans of women
and the organization meeting of a na
tional association of appointment sec
retaries in Chicago, February 24-28.
Mrs. Snell is temporary secretary
of the Western Association of Appoint
ment Secretaries which was formed at
the meeting of the School Superin
tendents association in Riverside last
October. The proposed national or
ganization will serve the same pur
poses as those of the organization of
Western states, that is, to enable the
appointment secretaries in various
colleges and universities to aid each
other in their work and to acquaint
the public with the character and pur
pose of that work.
While she is in Chicago, Mrs. Snell
will also participate in a conference
on vocational guidance of undergradu
ate women to which the national com
mittee of bureaus of occupations has
invited a small group. This conference
will discuss vocational training for
college women and their placement.
While she is away, Mss. Snell will
visit the Universities of Nevada, Ne
braska, and Washington for the pur
pose of observing the work of the ap
pointment secretaries in those institu
tions. She expects to return to Stan
ford about the middle of March.

The wearing of blue yeans t>y the
sophomore men of the University of
California is gradually finding favor
on the campus, and each day a large
number of the 1926 class don the blue
jeans in token of their second year
rating.
Previous to this year the official in
signia was a soft cap of certain weave
and stripe.
Mrs. Elizabeth Snell, appointm«nt
secretary of the University, will leave
this afternoon to represent Stanford
at the convention of deans of women
and the organization meeting of a na
tional association of appointment sec
retaries in Chicago, February 24-28.
Mrs. Snell is temporary secretary
of the Western Association of Appoint
ment Secretaries which was formed at
the meeting of the School Superin
tendents association in Riverside last
October. The proposed national or
ganization will serve the same pur
poses as those of the organization of
Western states, that is, to enable the
appointment secretaries in various
colleges and universities to aid each
other in their work and to acquaint
the public with the character and pur
pose of that work.
While she is in Chicago, Mrs. Snell
will also participate in a conference
on vocational guidance of undergradu
ate women to which the national com
mittee of bureaus of occupations has
invited a small group. This conference
will discuss vocational training for
college women and their placement.
While she is away, Mss. Snell will
visit the Universities of Nevada, Ne
braska, and Washington for the pur
pose of observing the work of the ap
pointment secretaries in those institu
tions. She expects to return to Stan
ford about the middle of March.

The wearing of blue yeans t>y the
sophomore men of the University of
California is gradually finding favor
on the campus, and each day a large
number of the 1926 class don the blue
jeans in token of their second year
rating.
Previous to this year the official in
signia was a soft cap of certain weave
and stripe.
Mrs. Elizabeth Snell, appointm«nt
secretary of the University, will leave
this afternoon to represent Stanford
at the convention of deans of women
and the organization meeting of a na
tional association of appointment sec
retaries in Chicago, February 24-28.
Mrs. Snell is temporary secretary
of the Western Association of Appoint
ment Secretaries which was formed at
the meeting of the School Superin
tendents association in Riverside last
October. The proposed national or
ganization will serve the same pur
poses as those of the organization of
Western states, that is, to enable the
appointment secretaries in various
colleges and universities to aid each
other in their work and to acquaint
the public with the character and pur
pose of that work.
While she is in Chicago, Mrs. Snell
will also participate in a conference
on vocational guidance of undergradu
ate women to which the national com
mittee of bureaus of occupations has
invited a small group. This conference
will discuss vocational training for
college women and their placement.
While she is away, Mss. Snell will
visit the Universities of Nevada, Ne
braska, and Washington for the pur
pose of observing the work of the ap
pointment secretaries in those institu
tions. She expects to return to Stan
ford about the middle of March.

The wearing of blue yeans t>y the
sophomore men of the University of
California is gradually finding favor
on the campus, and each day a large
number of the 1926 class don the blue
jeans in token of their second year
rating.
Previous to this year the official in
signia was a soft cap of certain weave
and stripe.
Mrs. Elizabeth Snell, appointm«nt
secretary of the University, will leave
this afternoon to represent Stanford
at the convention of deans of women
and the organization meeting of a na
tional association of appointment sec
retaries in Chicago, February 24-28.
Mrs. Snell is temporary secretary
of the Western Association of Appoint
ment Secretaries which was formed at
the meeting of the School Superin
tendents association in Riverside last
October. The proposed national or
ganization will serve the same pur
poses as those of the organization of
Western states, that is, to enable the
appointment secretaries in various
colleges and universities to aid each
other in their work and to acquaint
the public with the character and pur
pose of that work.
While she is in Chicago, Mrs. Snell
will also participate in a conference
on vocational guidance of undergradu
ate women to which the national com
mittee of bureaus of occupations has
invited a small group. This conference
will discuss vocational training for
college women and their placement.
While she is away, Mss. Snell will
visit the Universities of Nevada, Ne
braska, and Washington for the pur
pose of observing the work of the ap
pointment secretaries in those institu
tions. She expects to return to Stan
ford about the middle of March.

The wearing of blue yeans t>y the
sophomore men of the University of
California is gradually finding favor
on the campus, and each day a large
number of the 1926 class don the blue
jeans in token of their second year
rating.
Previous to this year the official in
signia was a soft cap of certain weave
and stripe.
Mrs. Elizabeth Snell, appointm«nt
secretary of the University, will leave
this afternoon to represent Stanford
at the convention of deans of women
and the organization meeting of a na
tional association of appointment sec
retaries in Chicago, February 24-28.
Mrs. Snell is temporary secretary
of the Western Association of Appoint
ment Secretaries which was formed at
the meeting of the School Superin
tendents association in Riverside last
October. The proposed national or
ganization will serve the same pur
poses as those of the organization of
Western states, that is, to enable the
appointment secretaries in various
colleges and universities to aid each
other in their work and to acquaint
the public with the character and pur
pose of that work.
While she is in Chicago, Mrs. Snell
will also participate in a conference
on vocational guidance of undergradu
ate women to which the national com
mittee of bureaus of occupations has
invited a small group. This conference
will discuss vocational training for
college women and their placement.
While she is away, Mss. Snell will
visit the Universities of Nevada, Ne
braska, and Washington for the pur
pose of observing the work of the ap
pointment secretaries in those institu
tions. She expects to return to Stan
ford about the middle of March.

The wearing of blue yeans t>y the
sophomore men of the University of
California is gradually finding favor
on the campus, and each day a large
number of the 1926 class don the blue
jeans in token of their second year
rating.
Previous to this year the official in
signia was a soft cap of certain weave
and stripe.
Mrs. Elizabeth Snell, appointm«nt
secretary of the University, will leave
this afternoon to represent Stanford
at the convention of deans of women
and the organization meeting of a na
tional association of appointment sec
retaries in Chicago, February 24-28.
Mrs. Snell is temporary secretary
of the Western Association of Appoint
ment Secretaries which was formed at
the meeting of the School Superin
tendents association in Riverside last
October. The proposed national or
ganization will serve the same pur
poses as those of the organization of
Western states, that is, to enable the
appointment secretaries in various
colleges and universities to aid each
other in their work and to acquaint
the public with the character and pur
pose of that work.
While she is in Chicago, Mrs. Snell
will also participate in a conference
on vocational guidance of undergradu
ate women to which the national com
mittee of bureaus of occupations has
invited a small group. This conference
will discuss vocational training for
college women and their placement.
While she is away, Mss. Snell will
visit the Universities of Nevada, Ne
braska, and Washington for the pur
pose of observing the work of the ap
pointment secretaries in those institu
tions. She expects to return to Stan
ford about the middle of March.

The wearing of blue yeans t>y the
sophomore men of the University of
California is gradually finding favor
on the campus, and each day a large
number of the 1926 class don the blue
jeans in token of their second year
rating.
Previous to this year the official in
signia was a soft cap of certain weave
and stripe.
Mrs. Elizabeth Snell, appointm«nt
secretary of the University, will leave
this afternoon to represent Stanford
at the convention of deans of women
and the organization meeting of a na
tional association of appointment sec
retaries in Chicago, February 24-28.
Mrs. Snell is temporary secretary
of the Western Association of Appoint
ment Secretaries which was formed at
the meeting of the School Superin
tendents association in Riverside last
October. The proposed national or
ganization will serve the same pur
poses as those of the organization of
Western states, that is, to enable the
appointment secretaries in various
colleges and universities to aid each
other in their work and to acquaint
the public with the character and pur
pose of that work.
While she is in Chicago, Mrs. Snell
will also participate in a conference
on vocational guidance of undergradu
ate women to which the national com
mittee of bureaus of occupations has
invited a small group. This conference
will discuss vocational training for
college women and their placement.
While she is away, Mss. Snell will
visit the Universities of Nevada, Ne
braska, and Washington for the pur
pose of observing the work of the ap
pointment secretaries in those institu
tions. She expects to return to Stan
ford about the middle of March.

The wearing of blue yeans t>y the
sophomore men of the University of
California is gradually finding favor
on the campus, and each day a large
number of the 1926 class don the blue
jeans in token of their second year
rating.
Previous to this year the official in
signia was a soft cap of certain weave
and stripe.
Mrs. Elizabeth Snell, appointm«nt
secretary of the University, will leave
this afternoon to represent Stanford
at the convention of deans of women
and the organization meeting of a na
tional association of appointment sec
retaries in Chicago, February 24-28.
Mrs. Snell is temporary secretary
of the Western Association of Appoint
ment Secretaries which was formed at
the meeting of the School Superin
tendents association in Riverside last
October. The proposed national or
ganization will serve the same pur
poses as those of the organization of
Western states, that is, to enable the
appointment secretaries in various
colleges and universities to aid each
other in their work and to acquaint
the public with the character and pur
pose of that work.
While she is in Chicago, Mrs. Snell
will also participate in a conference
on vocational guidance of undergradu
ate women to which the national com
mittee of bureaus of occupations has
invited a small group. This conference
will discuss vocational training for
college women and their placement.
While she is away, Mss. Snell will
visit the Universities of Nevada, Ne
braska, and Washington for the pur
pose of observing the work of the ap
pointment secretaries in those institu
tions. She expects to return to Stan
ford about the middle of March.

The wearing of blue yeans t>y the
sophomore men of the University of
California is gradually finding favor
on the campus, and each day a large
number of the 1926 class don the blue
jeans in token of their second year
rating.
Previous to this year the official in
signia was a soft cap of certain weave
and stripe.
Mrs. Elizabeth Snell, appointm«nt
secretary of the University, will leave
this afternoon to represent Stanford
at the convention of deans of women
and the organization meeting of a na
tional association of appointment sec
retaries in Chicago, February 24-28.
Mrs. Snell is temporary secretary
of the Western Association of Appoint
ment Secretaries which was formed at
the meeting of the School Superin
tendents association in Riverside last
October. The proposed national or
ganization will serve the same pur
poses as those of the organization of
Western states, that is, to enable the
appointment secretaries in various
colleges and universities to aid each
other in their work and to acquaint
the public with the character and pur
pose of that work.
While she is in Chicago, Mrs. Snell
will also participate in a conference
on vocational guidance of undergradu
ate women to which the national com
mittee of bureaus of occupations has
invited a small group. This conference
will discuss vocational training for
college women and their placement.
While she is away, Mss. Snell will
visit the Universities of Nevada, Ne
braska, and Washington for the pur
pose of observing the work of the ap
pointment secretaries in those institu
tions. She expects to return to Stan
ford about the middle of March.

The wearing of blue yeans t>y the
sophomore men of the University of
California is gradually finding favor
on the campus, and each day a large
number of the 1926 class don the blue
jeans in token of their second year
rating.
Previous to this year the official in
signia was a soft cap of certain weave
and stripe.
Mrs. Elizabeth Snell, appointm«nt
secretary of the University, will leave
this afternoon to represent Stanford
at the convention of deans of women
and the organization meeting of a na
tional association of appointment sec
retaries in Chicago, February 24-28.
Mrs. Snell is temporary secretary
of the Western Association of Appoint
ment Secretaries which was formed at
the meeting of the School Superin
tendents association in Riverside last
October. The proposed national or
ganization will serve the same pur
poses as those of the organization of
Western states, that is, to enable the
appointment secretaries in various
colleges and universities to aid each
other in their work and to acquaint
the public with the character and pur
pose of that work.
While she is in Chicago, Mrs. Snell
will also participate in a conference
on vocational guidance of undergradu
ate women to which the national com
mittee of bureaus of occupations has
invited a small group. This conference
will discuss vocational training for
college women and their placement.
While she is away, Mss. Snell will
visit the Universities of Nevada, Ne
braska, and Washington for the pur
pose of observing the work of the ap
pointment secretaries in those institu
tions. She expects to return to Stan
ford about the middle of March.

The wearing of blue yeans t>y the
sophomore men of the University of
California is gradually finding favor
on the campus, and each day a large
number of the 1926 class don the blue
jeans in token of their second year
rating.
Previous to this year the official in
signia was a soft cap of certain weave
and stripe.
Mrs. Elizabeth Snell, appointm«nt
secretary of the University, will leave
this afternoon to represent Stanford
at the convention of deans of women
and the organization meeting of a na
tional association of appointment sec
retaries in Chicago, February 24-28.
Mrs. Snell is temporary secretary
of the Western Association of Appoint
ment Secretaries which was formed at
the meeting of the School Superin
tendents association in Riverside last
October. The proposed national or
ganization will serve the same pur
poses as those of the organization of
Western states, that is, to enable the
appointment secretaries in various
colleges and universities to aid each
other in their work and to acquaint
the public with the character and pur
pose of that work.
While she is in Chicago, Mrs. Snell
will also participate in a conference
on vocational guidance of undergradu
ate women to which the national com
mittee of bureaus of occupations has
invited a small group. This conference
will discuss vocational training for
college women and their placement.
While she is away, Mss. Snell will
visit the Universities of Nevada, Ne
braska, and Washington for the pur
pose of observing the work of the ap
pointment secretaries in those institu
tions. She expects to return to Stan
ford about the middle of March.

The wearing of blue yeans t>y the
sophomore men of the University of
California is gradually finding favor
on the campus, and each day a large
number of the 1926 class don the blue
jeans in token of their second year
rating.
Previous to this year the official in
signia was a soft cap of certain weave
and stripe.
Mrs. Elizabeth Snell, appointm«nt
secretary of the University, will leave
this afternoon to represent Stanford
at the convention of deans of women
and the organization meeting of a na
tional association of appointment sec
retaries in Chicago, February 24-28.
Mrs. Snell is temporary secretary
of the Western Association of Appoint
ment Secretaries which was formed at
the meeting of the School Superin
tendents association in Riverside last
October. The proposed national or
ganization will serve the same pur
poses as those of the organization of
Western states, that is, to enable the
appointment secretaries in various
colleges and universities to aid each
other in their work and to acquaint
the public with the character and pur
pose of that work.
While she is in Chicago, Mrs. Snell
will also participate in a conference
on vocational guidance of undergradu
ate women to which the national com
mittee of bureaus of occupations has
invited a small group. This conference
will discuss vocational training for
college women and their placement.
While she is away, Mss. Snell will
visit the Universities of Nevada, Ne
braska, and Washington for the pur
pose of observing the work of the ap
pointment secretaries in those institu
tions. She expects to return to Stan
ford about the middle of March.

The wearing of blue yeans t>y the
sophomore men of the University of
California is gradually finding favor
on the campus, and each day a large
number of the 1926 class don the blue
jeans in token of their second year
rating.
Previous to this year the official in
signia was a soft cap of certain weave
and stripe.
Mrs. Elizabeth Snell, appointm«nt
secretary of the University, will leave
this afternoon to represent Stanford
at the convention of deans of women
and the organization meeting of a na
tional association of appointment sec
retaries in Chicago, February 24-28.
Mrs. Snell is temporary secretary
of the Western Association of Appoint
ment Secretaries which was formed at
the meeting of the School Superin
tendents association in Riverside last
October. The proposed national or
ganization will serve the same pur
poses as those of the organization of
Western states, that is, to enable the
appointment secretaries in various
colleges and universities to aid each
other in their work and to acquaint
the public with the character and pur
pose of that work.
While she is in Chicago, Mrs. Snell
will also participate in a conference
on vocational guidance of undergradu
ate women to which the national com
mittee of bureaus of occupations has
invited a small group. This conference
will discuss vocational training for
college women and their placement.
While she is away, Mss. Snell will
visit the Universities of Nevada, Ne
braska, and Washington for the pur
pose of observing the work of the ap
pointment secretaries in those institu
tions. She expects to return to Stan
ford about the middle of March.

The wearing of blue yeans t>y the
sophomore men of the University of
California is gradually finding favor
on the campus, and each day a large
number of the 1926 class don the blue
jeans in token of their second year
rating.
Previous to this year the official in
signia was a soft cap of certain weave
and stripe.
Mrs. Elizabeth Snell, appointm«nt
secretary of the University, will leave
this afternoon to represent Stanford
at the convention of deans of women
and the organization meeting of a na
tional association of appointment sec
retaries in Chicago, February 24-28.
Mrs. Snell is temporary secretary
of the Western Association of Appoint
ment Secretaries which was formed at
the meeting of the School Superin
tendents association in Riverside last
October. The proposed national or
ganization will serve the same pur
poses as those of the organization of
Western states, that is, to enable the
appointment secretaries in various
colleges and universities to aid each
other in their work and to acquaint
the public with the character and pur
pose of that work.
While she is in Chicago, Mrs. Snell
will also participate in a conference
on vocational guidance of undergradu
ate women to which the national com
mittee of bureaus of occupations has
invited a small group. This conference
will discuss vocational training for
college women and their placement.
While she is away, Mss. Snell will
visit the Universities of Nevada, Ne
braska, and Washington for the pur
pose of observing the work of the ap
pointment secretaries in those institu
tions. She expects to return to Stan
ford about the middle of March.

The wearing of blue yeans t>y the
sophomore men of the University of
California is gradually finding favor
on the campus, and each day a large
number of the 1926 class don the blue
jeans in token of their second year
rating.
Previous to this year the official in
signia was a soft cap of certain weave
and stripe.
