# RUGBY SOIREE CANCELLED
## 
### 
The Rugby team's party, form
erly scheduled for tomorrow, has
been postponed until next week,
Coach Chuck Taylor announced
yesterday.
The Rugby team's party, form
erly scheduled for tomorrow, has
been postponed until next week,
Coach Chuck Taylor announced
yesterday.
The Rugby team's party, form
erly scheduled for tomorrow, has
been postponed until next week,
Coach Chuck Taylor announced
yesterday.
The Rugby team's party, form
erly scheduled for tomorrow, has
been postponed until next week,
Coach Chuck Taylor announced
yesterday.
The Rugby team's party, form
erly scheduled for tomorrow, has
been postponed until next week,
Coach Chuck Taylor announced
yesterday.
The Rugby team's party, form
erly scheduled for tomorrow, has
been postponed until next week,
Coach Chuck Taylor announced
yesterday.
The Rugby team's party, form
erly scheduled for tomorrow, has
been postponed until next week,
Coach Chuck Taylor announced
yesterday.
The Rugby team's party, form
erly scheduled for tomorrow, has
been postponed until next week,
Coach Chuck Taylor announced
yesterday.
The Rugby team's party, form
erly scheduled for tomorrow, has
been postponed until next week,
Coach Chuck Taylor announced
yesterday.
The Rugby team's party, form
erly scheduled for tomorrow, has
been postponed until next week,
Coach Chuck Taylor announced
yesterday.
The Rugby team's party, form
erly scheduled for tomorrow, has
been postponed until next week,
Coach Chuck Taylor announced
yesterday.
The Rugby team's party, form
erly scheduled for tomorrow, has
been postponed until next week,
Coach Chuck Taylor announced
yesterday.
The Rugby team's party, form
erly scheduled for tomorrow, has
been postponed until next week,
Coach Chuck Taylor announced
yesterday.
The Rugby team's party, form
erly scheduled for tomorrow, has
been postponed until next week,
Coach Chuck Taylor announced
yesterday.
The Rugby team's party, form
erly scheduled for tomorrow, has
been postponed until next week,
Coach Chuck Taylor announced
yesterday.
