# VARSITY MEN DEBATE SAN JOSE TONIGHT
## 
### 
Confronted by the task of con
vincing a S;m Jose State College
audience that Congress should im
mediately take drastic steps to al
leviate the depression, Ronald Kay
and Franklin Gilchrist, varsity de
baters, will engage in a forensic
duel at San Jose this evening at
7:30 o'clock.
According to Leland Chapin, de
bate coach, Gilchrist and Kay are
outstanding sophomore debaters. The
contest will be judged by an audi
ence vote.
Gray gloves will be seen with the
brown costume.
Confronted by the task of con
vincing a S;m Jose State College
audience that Congress should im
mediately take drastic steps to al
leviate the depression, Ronald Kay
and Franklin Gilchrist, varsity de
baters, will engage in a forensic
duel at San Jose this evening at
7:30 o'clock.
According to Leland Chapin, de
bate coach, Gilchrist and Kay are
outstanding sophomore debaters. The
contest will be judged by an audi
ence vote.
Gray gloves will be seen with the
brown costume.
Confronted by the task of con
vincing a S;m Jose State College
audience that Congress should im
mediately take drastic steps to al
leviate the depression, Ronald Kay
and Franklin Gilchrist, varsity de
baters, will engage in a forensic
duel at San Jose this evening at
7:30 o'clock.
According to Leland Chapin, de
bate coach, Gilchrist and Kay are
outstanding sophomore debaters. The
contest will be judged by an audi
ence vote.
Gray gloves will be seen with the
brown costume.
Confronted by the task of con
vincing a S;m Jose State College
audience that Congress should im
mediately take drastic steps to al
leviate the depression, Ronald Kay
and Franklin Gilchrist, varsity de
baters, will engage in a forensic
duel at San Jose this evening at
7:30 o'clock.
According to Leland Chapin, de
bate coach, Gilchrist and Kay are
outstanding sophomore debaters. The
contest will be judged by an audi
ence vote.
Gray gloves will be seen with the
brown costume.
Confronted by the task of con
vincing a S;m Jose State College
audience that Congress should im
mediately take drastic steps to al
leviate the depression, Ronald Kay
and Franklin Gilchrist, varsity de
baters, will engage in a forensic
duel at San Jose this evening at
7:30 o'clock.
According to Leland Chapin, de
bate coach, Gilchrist and Kay are
outstanding sophomore debaters. The
contest will be judged by an audi
ence vote.
Gray gloves will be seen with the
brown costume.
Confronted by the task of con
vincing a S;m Jose State College
audience that Congress should im
mediately take drastic steps to al
leviate the depression, Ronald Kay
and Franklin Gilchrist, varsity de
baters, will engage in a forensic
duel at San Jose this evening at
7:30 o'clock.
According to Leland Chapin, de
bate coach, Gilchrist and Kay are
outstanding sophomore debaters. The
contest will be judged by an audi
ence vote.
Gray gloves will be seen with the
brown costume.
Confronted by the task of con
vincing a S;m Jose State College
audience that Congress should im
mediately take drastic steps to al
leviate the depression, Ronald Kay
and Franklin Gilchrist, varsity de
baters, will engage in a forensic
duel at San Jose this evening at
7:30 o'clock.
According to Leland Chapin, de
bate coach, Gilchrist and Kay are
outstanding sophomore debaters. The
contest will be judged by an audi
ence vote.
Gray gloves will be seen with the
brown costume.
Confronted by the task of con
vincing a S;m Jose State College
audience that Congress should im
mediately take drastic steps to al
leviate the depression, Ronald Kay
and Franklin Gilchrist, varsity de
baters, will engage in a forensic
duel at San Jose this evening at
7:30 o'clock.
According to Leland Chapin, de
bate coach, Gilchrist and Kay are
outstanding sophomore debaters. The
contest will be judged by an audi
ence vote.
Gray gloves will be seen with the
brown costume.
Confronted by the task of con
vincing a S;m Jose State College
audience that Congress should im
mediately take drastic steps to al
leviate the depression, Ronald Kay
and Franklin Gilchrist, varsity de
baters, will engage in a forensic
duel at San Jose this evening at
7:30 o'clock.
According to Leland Chapin, de
bate coach, Gilchrist and Kay are
outstanding sophomore debaters. The
contest will be judged by an audi
ence vote.
Gray gloves will be seen with the
brown costume.
Confronted by the task of con
vincing a S;m Jose State College
audience that Congress should im
mediately take drastic steps to al
leviate the depression, Ronald Kay
and Franklin Gilchrist, varsity de
baters, will engage in a forensic
duel at San Jose this evening at
7:30 o'clock.
According to Leland Chapin, de
bate coach, Gilchrist and Kay are
outstanding sophomore debaters. The
contest will be judged by an audi
ence vote.
Gray gloves will be seen with the
brown costume.
Confronted by the task of con
vincing a S;m Jose State College
audience that Congress should im
mediately take drastic steps to al
leviate the depression, Ronald Kay
and Franklin Gilchrist, varsity de
baters, will engage in a forensic
duel at San Jose this evening at
7:30 o'clock.
According to Leland Chapin, de
bate coach, Gilchrist and Kay are
outstanding sophomore debaters. The
contest will be judged by an audi
ence vote.
Gray gloves will be seen with the
brown costume.
Confronted by the task of con
vincing a S;m Jose State College
audience that Congress should im
mediately take drastic steps to al
leviate the depression, Ronald Kay
and Franklin Gilchrist, varsity de
baters, will engage in a forensic
duel at San Jose this evening at
7:30 o'clock.
According to Leland Chapin, de
bate coach, Gilchrist and Kay are
outstanding sophomore debaters. The
contest will be judged by an audi
ence vote.
Gray gloves will be seen with the
brown costume.
Confronted by the task of con
vincing a S;m Jose State College
audience that Congress should im
mediately take drastic steps to al
leviate the depression, Ronald Kay
and Franklin Gilchrist, varsity de
baters, will engage in a forensic
duel at San Jose this evening at
7:30 o'clock.
According to Leland Chapin, de
bate coach, Gilchrist and Kay are
outstanding sophomore debaters. The
contest will be judged by an audi
ence vote.
Gray gloves will be seen with the
brown costume.
Confronted by the task of con
vincing a S;m Jose State College
audience that Congress should im
mediately take drastic steps to al
leviate the depression, Ronald Kay
and Franklin Gilchrist, varsity de
baters, will engage in a forensic
duel at San Jose this evening at
7:30 o'clock.
According to Leland Chapin, de
bate coach, Gilchrist and Kay are
outstanding sophomore debaters. The
contest will be judged by an audi
ence vote.
Gray gloves will be seen with the
brown costume.
Confronted by the task of con
vincing a S;m Jose State College
audience that Congress should im
mediately take drastic steps to al
leviate the depression, Ronald Kay
and Franklin Gilchrist, varsity de
baters, will engage in a forensic
duel at San Jose this evening at
7:30 o'clock.
According to Leland Chapin, de
bate coach, Gilchrist and Kay are
outstanding sophomore debaters. The
contest will be judged by an audi
ence vote.
Gray gloves will be seen with the
brown costume.
Confronted by the task of con
vincing a S;m Jose State College
audience that Congress should im
mediately take drastic steps to al
leviate the depression, Ronald Kay
and Franklin Gilchrist, varsity de
baters, will engage in a forensic
duel at San Jose this evening at
7:30 o'clock.
According to Leland Chapin, de
bate coach, Gilchrist and Kay are
outstanding sophomore debaters. The
contest will be judged by an audi
ence vote.
Gray gloves will be seen with the
brown costume.
