# MILITARY BLACK
## 
### 

Soldier trimness is emphasized by
the high waist and smart simplicity
of the above model. •

Soldier trimness is emphasized by
the high waist and smart simplicity
of the above model. •

Soldier trimness is emphasized by
the high waist and smart simplicity
of the above model. •

Soldier trimness is emphasized by
the high waist and smart simplicity
of the above model. •

Soldier trimness is emphasized by
the high waist and smart simplicity
of the above model. •

Soldier trimness is emphasized by
the high waist and smart simplicity
of the above model. •

Soldier trimness is emphasized by
the high waist and smart simplicity
of the above model. •

Soldier trimness is emphasized by
the high waist and smart simplicity
of the above model. •

Soldier trimness is emphasized by
the high waist and smart simplicity
of the above model. •

Soldier trimness is emphasized by
the high waist and smart simplicity
of the above model. •

Soldier trimness is emphasized by
the high waist and smart simplicity
of the above model. •

Soldier trimness is emphasized by
the high waist and smart simplicity
of the above model. •

Soldier trimness is emphasized by
the high waist and smart simplicity
of the above model. •

Soldier trimness is emphasized by
the high waist and smart simplicity
of the above model. •

Soldier trimness is emphasized by
the high waist and smart simplicity
of the above model. •

Soldier trimness is emphasized by
the high waist and smart simplicity
of the above model. •
