# INDIAN FROSH MEET BERKELEY NINE IN TOMORROW'S GAME
## 
### 
Bolstered by a week of steadier
practice and by their overwhelming
win of last Tuesday, the Stanford
freshman baseball team pfays the
Berkeley High School ball squad
tomorrow morning at 10 o'clock on
the old varsity diamond, in the
fourth game of the frosh season.
Fred Heringer, mainstay hurler
for the frosh, who has pitched every
game, will probably start on the
mound, with A1 Semmelroth in re
serve. On the receiving end of the
battery will be Jack Hosmer.
Gordy Mallatratt will hold down
first, Jim Woolley will tend the
keystone bag, Semmelroth will cover
third, and Jim Kurtz will complete
Ihe infield outlay at short. In the
field "Pepper" Boyd, Charlie Emer
ick, and Pat Symonds will back up
the basemen.
Bolstered by a week of steadier
practice and by their overwhelming
win of last Tuesday, the Stanford
freshman baseball team pfays the
Berkeley High School ball squad
tomorrow morning at 10 o'clock on
the old varsity diamond, in the
fourth game of the frosh season.
Fred Heringer, mainstay hurler
for the frosh, who has pitched every
game, will probably start on the
mound, with A1 Semmelroth in re
serve. On the receiving end of the
battery will be Jack Hosmer.
Gordy Mallatratt will hold down
first, Jim Woolley will tend the
keystone bag, Semmelroth will cover
third, and Jim Kurtz will complete
Ihe infield outlay at short. In the
field "Pepper" Boyd, Charlie Emer
ick, and Pat Symonds will back up
the basemen.
Bolstered by a week of steadier
practice and by their overwhelming
win of last Tuesday, the Stanford
freshman baseball team pfays the
Berkeley High School ball squad
tomorrow morning at 10 o'clock on
the old varsity diamond, in the
fourth game of the frosh season.
Fred Heringer, mainstay hurler
for the frosh, who has pitched every
game, will probably start on the
mound, with A1 Semmelroth in re
serve. On the receiving end of the
battery will be Jack Hosmer.
Gordy Mallatratt will hold down
first, Jim Woolley will tend the
keystone bag, Semmelroth will cover
third, and Jim Kurtz will complete
Ihe infield outlay at short. In the
field "Pepper" Boyd, Charlie Emer
ick, and Pat Symonds will back up
the basemen.
Bolstered by a week of steadier
practice and by their overwhelming
win of last Tuesday, the Stanford
freshman baseball team pfays the
Berkeley High School ball squad
tomorrow morning at 10 o'clock on
the old varsity diamond, in the
fourth game of the frosh season.
Fred Heringer, mainstay hurler
for the frosh, who has pitched every
game, will probably start on the
mound, with A1 Semmelroth in re
serve. On the receiving end of the
battery will be Jack Hosmer.
Gordy Mallatratt will hold down
first, Jim Woolley will tend the
keystone bag, Semmelroth will cover
third, and Jim Kurtz will complete
Ihe infield outlay at short. In the
field "Pepper" Boyd, Charlie Emer
ick, and Pat Symonds will back up
the basemen.
Bolstered by a week of steadier
practice and by their overwhelming
win of last Tuesday, the Stanford
freshman baseball team pfays the
Berkeley High School ball squad
tomorrow morning at 10 o'clock on
the old varsity diamond, in the
fourth game of the frosh season.
Fred Heringer, mainstay hurler
for the frosh, who has pitched every
game, will probably start on the
mound, with A1 Semmelroth in re
serve. On the receiving end of the
battery will be Jack Hosmer.
Gordy Mallatratt will hold down
first, Jim Woolley will tend the
keystone bag, Semmelroth will cover
third, and Jim Kurtz will complete
Ihe infield outlay at short. In the
field "Pepper" Boyd, Charlie Emer
ick, and Pat Symonds will back up
the basemen.
Bolstered by a week of steadier
practice and by their overwhelming
win of last Tuesday, the Stanford
freshman baseball team pfays the
Berkeley High School ball squad
tomorrow morning at 10 o'clock on
the old varsity diamond, in the
fourth game of the frosh season.
Fred Heringer, mainstay hurler
for the frosh, who has pitched every
game, will probably start on the
mound, with A1 Semmelroth in re
serve. On the receiving end of the
battery will be Jack Hosmer.
Gordy Mallatratt will hold down
first, Jim Woolley will tend the
keystone bag, Semmelroth will cover
third, and Jim Kurtz will complete
Ihe infield outlay at short. In the
field "Pepper" Boyd, Charlie Emer
ick, and Pat Symonds will back up
the basemen.
Bolstered by a week of steadier
practice and by their overwhelming
win of last Tuesday, the Stanford
freshman baseball team pfays the
Berkeley High School ball squad
tomorrow morning at 10 o'clock on
the old varsity diamond, in the
fourth game of the frosh season.
Fred Heringer, mainstay hurler
for the frosh, who has pitched every
game, will probably start on the
mound, with A1 Semmelroth in re
serve. On the receiving end of the
battery will be Jack Hosmer.
Gordy Mallatratt will hold down
first, Jim Woolley will tend the
keystone bag, Semmelroth will cover
third, and Jim Kurtz will complete
Ihe infield outlay at short. In the
field "Pepper" Boyd, Charlie Emer
ick, and Pat Symonds will back up
the basemen.
Bolstered by a week of steadier
practice and by their overwhelming
win of last Tuesday, the Stanford
freshman baseball team pfays the
Berkeley High School ball squad
tomorrow morning at 10 o'clock on
the old varsity diamond, in the
fourth game of the frosh season.
Fred Heringer, mainstay hurler
for the frosh, who has pitched every
game, will probably start on the
mound, with A1 Semmelroth in re
serve. On the receiving end of the
battery will be Jack Hosmer.
Gordy Mallatratt will hold down
first, Jim Woolley will tend the
keystone bag, Semmelroth will cover
third, and Jim Kurtz will complete
Ihe infield outlay at short. In the
field "Pepper" Boyd, Charlie Emer
ick, and Pat Symonds will back up
the basemen.
Bolstered by a week of steadier
practice and by their overwhelming
win of last Tuesday, the Stanford
freshman baseball team pfays the
Berkeley High School ball squad
tomorrow morning at 10 o'clock on
the old varsity diamond, in the
fourth game of the frosh season.
Fred Heringer, mainstay hurler
for the frosh, who has pitched every
game, will probably start on the
mound, with A1 Semmelroth in re
serve. On the receiving end of the
battery will be Jack Hosmer.
Gordy Mallatratt will hold down
first, Jim Woolley will tend the
keystone bag, Semmelroth will cover
third, and Jim Kurtz will complete
Ihe infield outlay at short. In the
field "Pepper" Boyd, Charlie Emer
ick, and Pat Symonds will back up
the basemen.
Bolstered by a week of steadier
practice and by their overwhelming
win of last Tuesday, the Stanford
freshman baseball team pfays the
Berkeley High School ball squad
tomorrow morning at 10 o'clock on
the old varsity diamond, in the
fourth game of the frosh season.
Fred Heringer, mainstay hurler
for the frosh, who has pitched every
game, will probably start on the
mound, with A1 Semmelroth in re
serve. On the receiving end of the
battery will be Jack Hosmer.
Gordy Mallatratt will hold down
first, Jim Woolley will tend the
keystone bag, Semmelroth will cover
third, and Jim Kurtz will complete
Ihe infield outlay at short. In the
field "Pepper" Boyd, Charlie Emer
ick, and Pat Symonds will back up
the basemen.
Bolstered by a week of steadier
practice and by their overwhelming
win of last Tuesday, the Stanford
freshman baseball team pfays the
Berkeley High School ball squad
tomorrow morning at 10 o'clock on
the old varsity diamond, in the
fourth game of the frosh season.
Fred Heringer, mainstay hurler
for the frosh, who has pitched every
game, will probably start on the
mound, with A1 Semmelroth in re
serve. On the receiving end of the
battery will be Jack Hosmer.
Gordy Mallatratt will hold down
first, Jim Woolley will tend the
keystone bag, Semmelroth will cover
third, and Jim Kurtz will complete
Ihe infield outlay at short. In the
field "Pepper" Boyd, Charlie Emer
ick, and Pat Symonds will back up
the basemen.
Bolstered by a week of steadier
practice and by their overwhelming
win of last Tuesday, the Stanford
freshman baseball team pfays the
Berkeley High School ball squad
tomorrow morning at 10 o'clock on
the old varsity diamond, in the
fourth game of the frosh season.
Fred Heringer, mainstay hurler
for the frosh, who has pitched every
game, will probably start on the
mound, with A1 Semmelroth in re
serve. On the receiving end of the
battery will be Jack Hosmer.
Gordy Mallatratt will hold down
first, Jim Woolley will tend the
keystone bag, Semmelroth will cover
third, and Jim Kurtz will complete
Ihe infield outlay at short. In the
field "Pepper" Boyd, Charlie Emer
ick, and Pat Symonds will back up
the basemen.
Bolstered by a week of steadier
practice and by their overwhelming
win of last Tuesday, the Stanford
freshman baseball team pfays the
Berkeley High School ball squad
tomorrow morning at 10 o'clock on
the old varsity diamond, in the
fourth game of the frosh season.
Fred Heringer, mainstay hurler
for the frosh, who has pitched every
game, will probably start on the
mound, with A1 Semmelroth in re
serve. On the receiving end of the
battery will be Jack Hosmer.
Gordy Mallatratt will hold down
first, Jim Woolley will tend the
keystone bag, Semmelroth will cover
third, and Jim Kurtz will complete
Ihe infield outlay at short. In the
field "Pepper" Boyd, Charlie Emer
ick, and Pat Symonds will back up
the basemen.
Bolstered by a week of steadier
practice and by their overwhelming
win of last Tuesday, the Stanford
freshman baseball team pfays the
Berkeley High School ball squad
tomorrow morning at 10 o'clock on
the old varsity diamond, in the
fourth game of the frosh season.
Fred Heringer, mainstay hurler
for the frosh, who has pitched every
game, will probably start on the
mound, with A1 Semmelroth in re
serve. On the receiving end of the
battery will be Jack Hosmer.
Gordy Mallatratt will hold down
first, Jim Woolley will tend the
keystone bag, Semmelroth will cover
third, and Jim Kurtz will complete
Ihe infield outlay at short. In the
field "Pepper" Boyd, Charlie Emer
ick, and Pat Symonds will back up
the basemen.
Bolstered by a week of steadier
practice and by their overwhelming
win of last Tuesday, the Stanford
freshman baseball team pfays the
Berkeley High School ball squad
tomorrow morning at 10 o'clock on
the old varsity diamond, in the
fourth game of the frosh season.
Fred Heringer, mainstay hurler
for the frosh, who has pitched every
game, will probably start on the
mound, with A1 Semmelroth in re
serve. On the receiving end of the
battery will be Jack Hosmer.
Gordy Mallatratt will hold down
first, Jim Woolley will tend the
keystone bag, Semmelroth will cover
third, and Jim Kurtz will complete
Ihe infield outlay at short. In the
field "Pepper" Boyd, Charlie Emer
ick, and Pat Symonds will back up
the basemen.
Bolstered by a week of steadier
practice and by their overwhelming
win of last Tuesday, the Stanford
freshman baseball team pfays the
Berkeley High School ball squad
tomorrow morning at 10 o'clock on
the old varsity diamond, in the
fourth game of the frosh season.
Fred Heringer, mainstay hurler
for the frosh, who has pitched every
game, will probably start on the
mound, with A1 Semmelroth in re
serve. On the receiving end of the
battery will be Jack Hosmer.
Gordy Mallatratt will hold down
first, Jim Woolley will tend the
keystone bag, Semmelroth will cover
third, and Jim Kurtz will complete
Ihe infield outlay at short. In the
field "Pepper" Boyd, Charlie Emer
ick, and Pat Symonds will back up
the basemen.
