# COLORED SWEATER CRAZE HITS RANKS OF INDIAN NETMEN
## 
### 
Stanford's tennis team will attack j
its opponents this year with the |
usual supply of ten or twelve rack- j
ets, and a double number of balls. 1
And, in order not to take unfair ad- 1
vantage of their adversaries, the ;
racket-wielders wilwl also wear the |
conventional white duck trousers, \
white shirts, white shoes, and once
white socks.
A new craze for colored sweaters
has hit the campus and bids fair to i
transform the once peaceful court:; i
to a blaze of rainbow glory.
The only variation apparent in the !
white ducks and flannels is more j
roominess that is obtained by pleats
in front and back. This allows for :
more freedom and makes the poet- |
ical if rather useless leaps and j
bounds that feature all tennis ;
matches more possible than of yore, i
Stanford's tennis team will attack j
its opponents this year with the |
usual supply of ten or twelve rack- j
ets, and a double number of balls. 1
And, in order not to take unfair ad- 1
vantage of their adversaries, the ;
racket-wielders wilwl also wear the |
conventional white duck trousers, \
white shirts, white shoes, and once
white socks.
A new craze for colored sweaters
has hit the campus and bids fair to i
transform the once peaceful court:; i
to a blaze of rainbow glory.
The only variation apparent in the !
white ducks and flannels is more j
roominess that is obtained by pleats
in front and back. This allows for :
more freedom and makes the poet- |
ical if rather useless leaps and j
bounds that feature all tennis ;
matches more possible than of yore, i
Stanford's tennis team will attack j
its opponents this year with the |
usual supply of ten or twelve rack- j
ets, and a double number of balls. 1
And, in order not to take unfair ad- 1
vantage of their adversaries, the ;
racket-wielders wilwl also wear the |
conventional white duck trousers, \
white shirts, white shoes, and once
white socks.
A new craze for colored sweaters
has hit the campus and bids fair to i
transform the once peaceful court:; i
to a blaze of rainbow glory.
The only variation apparent in the !
white ducks and flannels is more j
roominess that is obtained by pleats
in front and back. This allows for :
more freedom and makes the poet- |
ical if rather useless leaps and j
bounds that feature all tennis ;
matches more possible than of yore, i
Stanford's tennis team will attack j
its opponents this year with the |
usual supply of ten or twelve rack- j
ets, and a double number of balls. 1
And, in order not to take unfair ad- 1
vantage of their adversaries, the ;
racket-wielders wilwl also wear the |
conventional white duck trousers, \
white shirts, white shoes, and once
white socks.
A new craze for colored sweaters
has hit the campus and bids fair to i
transform the once peaceful court:; i
to a blaze of rainbow glory.
The only variation apparent in the !
white ducks and flannels is more j
roominess that is obtained by pleats
in front and back. This allows for :
more freedom and makes the poet- |
ical if rather useless leaps and j
bounds that feature all tennis ;
matches more possible than of yore, i
Stanford's tennis team will attack j
its opponents this year with the |
usual supply of ten or twelve rack- j
ets, and a double number of balls. 1
And, in order not to take unfair ad- 1
vantage of their adversaries, the ;
racket-wielders wilwl also wear the |
conventional white duck trousers, \
white shirts, white shoes, and once
white socks.
A new craze for colored sweaters
has hit the campus and bids fair to i
transform the once peaceful court:; i
to a blaze of rainbow glory.
The only variation apparent in the !
white ducks and flannels is more j
roominess that is obtained by pleats
in front and back. This allows for :
more freedom and makes the poet- |
ical if rather useless leaps and j
bounds that feature all tennis ;
matches more possible than of yore, i
Stanford's tennis team will attack j
its opponents this year with the |
usual supply of ten or twelve rack- j
ets, and a double number of balls. 1
And, in order not to take unfair ad- 1
vantage of their adversaries, the ;
racket-wielders wilwl also wear the |
conventional white duck trousers, \
white shirts, white shoes, and once
white socks.
A new craze for colored sweaters
has hit the campus and bids fair to i
transform the once peaceful court:; i
to a blaze of rainbow glory.
The only variation apparent in the !
white ducks and flannels is more j
roominess that is obtained by pleats
in front and back. This allows for :
more freedom and makes the poet- |
ical if rather useless leaps and j
bounds that feature all tennis ;
matches more possible than of yore, i
Stanford's tennis team will attack j
its opponents this year with the |
usual supply of ten or twelve rack- j
ets, and a double number of balls. 1
And, in order not to take unfair ad- 1
vantage of their adversaries, the ;
racket-wielders wilwl also wear the |
conventional white duck trousers, \
white shirts, white shoes, and once
white socks.
A new craze for colored sweaters
has hit the campus and bids fair to i
transform the once peaceful court:; i
to a blaze of rainbow glory.
The only variation apparent in the !
white ducks and flannels is more j
roominess that is obtained by pleats
in front and back. This allows for :
more freedom and makes the poet- |
ical if rather useless leaps and j
bounds that feature all tennis ;
matches more possible than of yore, i
Stanford's tennis team will attack j
its opponents this year with the |
usual supply of ten or twelve rack- j
ets, and a double number of balls. 1
And, in order not to take unfair ad- 1
vantage of their adversaries, the ;
racket-wielders wilwl also wear the |
conventional white duck trousers, \
white shirts, white shoes, and once
white socks.
A new craze for colored sweaters
has hit the campus and bids fair to i
transform the once peaceful court:; i
to a blaze of rainbow glory.
The only variation apparent in the !
white ducks and flannels is more j
roominess that is obtained by pleats
in front and back. This allows for :
more freedom and makes the poet- |
ical if rather useless leaps and j
bounds that feature all tennis ;
matches more possible than of yore, i
Stanford's tennis team will attack j
its opponents this year with the |
usual supply of ten or twelve rack- j
ets, and a double number of balls. 1
And, in order not to take unfair ad- 1
vantage of their adversaries, the ;
racket-wielders wilwl also wear the |
conventional white duck trousers, \
white shirts, white shoes, and once
white socks.
A new craze for colored sweaters
has hit the campus and bids fair to i
transform the once peaceful court:; i
to a blaze of rainbow glory.
The only variation apparent in the !
white ducks and flannels is more j
roominess that is obtained by pleats
in front and back. This allows for :
more freedom and makes the poet- |
ical if rather useless leaps and j
bounds that feature all tennis ;
matches more possible than of yore, i
Stanford's tennis team will attack j
its opponents this year with the |
usual supply of ten or twelve rack- j
ets, and a double number of balls. 1
And, in order not to take unfair ad- 1
vantage of their adversaries, the ;
racket-wielders wilwl also wear the |
conventional white duck trousers, \
white shirts, white shoes, and once
white socks.
A new craze for colored sweaters
has hit the campus and bids fair to i
transform the once peaceful court:; i
to a blaze of rainbow glory.
The only variation apparent in the !
white ducks and flannels is more j
roominess that is obtained by pleats
in front and back. This allows for :
more freedom and makes the poet- |
ical if rather useless leaps and j
bounds that feature all tennis ;
matches more possible than of yore, i
Stanford's tennis team will attack j
its opponents this year with the |
usual supply of ten or twelve rack- j
ets, and a double number of balls. 1
And, in order not to take unfair ad- 1
vantage of their adversaries, the ;
racket-wielders wilwl also wear the |
conventional white duck trousers, \
white shirts, white shoes, and once
white socks.
A new craze for colored sweaters
has hit the campus and bids fair to i
transform the once peaceful court:; i
to a blaze of rainbow glory.
The only variation apparent in the !
white ducks and flannels is more j
roominess that is obtained by pleats
in front and back. This allows for :
more freedom and makes the poet- |
ical if rather useless leaps and j
bounds that feature all tennis ;
matches more possible than of yore, i
Stanford's tennis team will attack j
its opponents this year with the |
usual supply of ten or twelve rack- j
ets, and a double number of balls. 1
And, in order not to take unfair ad- 1
vantage of their adversaries, the ;
racket-wielders wilwl also wear the |
conventional white duck trousers, \
white shirts, white shoes, and once
white socks.
A new craze for colored sweaters
has hit the campus and bids fair to i
transform the once peaceful court:; i
to a blaze of rainbow glory.
The only variation apparent in the !
white ducks and flannels is more j
roominess that is obtained by pleats
in front and back. This allows for :
more freedom and makes the poet- |
ical if rather useless leaps and j
bounds that feature all tennis ;
matches more possible than of yore, i
Stanford's tennis team will attack j
its opponents this year with the |
usual supply of ten or twelve rack- j
ets, and a double number of balls. 1
And, in order not to take unfair ad- 1
vantage of their adversaries, the ;
racket-wielders wilwl also wear the |
conventional white duck trousers, \
white shirts, white shoes, and once
white socks.
A new craze for colored sweaters
has hit the campus and bids fair to i
transform the once peaceful court:; i
to a blaze of rainbow glory.
The only variation apparent in the !
white ducks and flannels is more j
roominess that is obtained by pleats
in front and back. This allows for :
more freedom and makes the poet- |
ical if rather useless leaps and j
bounds that feature all tennis ;
matches more possible than of yore, i
Stanford's tennis team will attack j
its opponents this year with the |
usual supply of ten or twelve rack- j
ets, and a double number of balls. 1
And, in order not to take unfair ad- 1
vantage of their adversaries, the ;
racket-wielders wilwl also wear the |
conventional white duck trousers, \
white shirts, white shoes, and once
white socks.
A new craze for colored sweaters
has hit the campus and bids fair to i
transform the once peaceful court:; i
to a blaze of rainbow glory.
The only variation apparent in the !
white ducks and flannels is more j
roominess that is obtained by pleats
in front and back. This allows for :
more freedom and makes the poet- |
ical if rather useless leaps and j
bounds that feature all tennis ;
matches more possible than of yore, i
Stanford's tennis team will attack j
its opponents this year with the |
usual supply of ten or twelve rack- j
ets, and a double number of balls. 1
And, in order not to take unfair ad- 1
vantage of their adversaries, the ;
racket-wielders wilwl also wear the |
conventional white duck trousers, \
white shirts, white shoes, and once
white socks.
A new craze for colored sweaters
has hit the campus and bids fair to i
transform the once peaceful court:; i
to a blaze of rainbow glory.
The only variation apparent in the !
white ducks and flannels is more j
roominess that is obtained by pleats
in front and back. This allows for :
more freedom and makes the poet- |
ical if rather useless leaps and j
bounds that feature all tennis ;
matches more possible than of yore, i
Stanford's tennis team will attack j
its opponents this year with the |
usual supply of ten or twelve rack- j
ets, and a double number of balls. 1
And, in order not to take unfair ad- 1
vantage of their adversaries, the ;
racket-wielders wilwl also wear the |
conventional white duck trousers, \
white shirts, white shoes, and once
white socks.
A new craze for colored sweaters
has hit the campus and bids fair to i
transform the once peaceful court:; i
to a blaze of rainbow glory.
The only variation apparent in the !
white ducks and flannels is more j
roominess that is obtained by pleats
in front and back. This allows for :
more freedom and makes the poet- |
ical if rather useless leaps and j
bounds that feature all tennis ;
matches more possible than of yore, i
