# SPRING FASHIONS DEMAND UPSET OF CORSAGE BOYCOTT
## 
### 
With spring here, romance in the
air, and flowers inexpensive, it
might be recommended that the
Stanford rough should forget the old
no-corsages tradition and give the
women a break. Nothing will shoot
him up in the fair estimation so
quickly.
Beware wasting scarlet roses on
the old-fashioned girl, nor bail a
campus Garbo with sweet peas. Fit
the flowers to the type and the col
ors to the frock.
Corsages should be featured. Vio
lets are in season now and combine
beautifully with cream roses or fre
sLas, sweet peas, or any of the
smaller and more delicate tinted of
the spring flowers. Gardenias are
lovely alone, and will go with many
types of dress f;'om the tailored to
the formal. And if you are one of
those left untouched by the depres
sion, try sending an orchid. Any
girl can find a dress to add back
ground to its beauty.
