# SILHOUETTES POPULAR
## 
### 
In French millinery collections in
terest has centered on arresting sil
houettes developing the draped
crown.
In French millinery collections in
terest has centered on arresting sil
houettes developing the draped
crown.
In French millinery collections in
terest has centered on arresting sil
houettes developing the draped
crown.
In French millinery collections in
terest has centered on arresting sil
houettes developing the draped
crown.
In French millinery collections in
terest has centered on arresting sil
houettes developing the draped
crown.
In French millinery collections in
terest has centered on arresting sil
houettes developing the draped
crown.
In French millinery collections in
terest has centered on arresting sil
houettes developing the draped
crown.
In French millinery collections in
terest has centered on arresting sil
houettes developing the draped
crown.
In French millinery collections in
terest has centered on arresting sil
houettes developing the draped
crown.
In French millinery collections in
terest has centered on arresting sil
houettes developing the draped
crown.
In French millinery collections in
terest has centered on arresting sil
houettes developing the draped
crown.
In French millinery collections in
terest has centered on arresting sil
houettes developing the draped
crown.
In French millinery collections in
terest has centered on arresting sil
houettes developing the draped
crown.
In French millinery collections in
terest has centered on arresting sil
houettes developing the draped
crown.
In French millinery collections in
terest has centered on arresting sil
houettes developing the draped
crown.
In French millinery collections in
terest has centered on arresting sil
houettes developing the draped
crown.
