# JODPURS, POPULAR IN CENTRAL PARK, UNNECESSARY HERE
## 
### 
Jodpurs, or trousers-with-gaiters,
are the popular style of riding gear
with the fashionable Central Park
habitues. These are worn in black,
with correspondingly black jodpur
boots, riding coat, and derby hat; or
in tan with the black accessories.
For the country or informal rid
ing—such as around Palo Alto—all
the clothes necessary for a complete
outfit are a pair of breeches, a pair
of boots, a shirt or sweater, and a
hat as desired. Often leather jackets
are worn over the shirts, but this is
nonessential; as is also the type of
hat worn. Anything from a soft felt
hat to a roll-cap or beret is consid
ered "the thing" to complete an in
formal habit.
Brown boots outnumber black
ones four to one in popularity. More
tan breeches than darker ones arc
sold, also; since this neutral shade
:nay be worn with black or brown
boots, as desired, and with any color
sweater or blouse.

All prints have given way to the
print with plain-silk scheme in
dresses.
Jodpurs, or trousers-with-gaiters,
are the popular style of riding gear
with the fashionable Central Park
habitues. These are worn in black,
with correspondingly black jodpur
boots, riding coat, and derby hat; or
in tan with the black accessories.
For the country or informal rid
ing—such as around Palo Alto—all
the clothes necessary for a complete
outfit are a pair of breeches, a pair
of boots, a shirt or sweater, and a
hat as desired. Often leather jackets
are worn over the shirts, but this is
nonessential; as is also the type of
hat worn. Anything from a soft felt
hat to a roll-cap or beret is consid
ered "the thing" to complete an in
formal habit.
Brown boots outnumber black
ones four to one in popularity. More
tan breeches than darker ones arc
sold, also; since this neutral shade
:nay be worn with black or brown
boots, as desired, and with any color
sweater or blouse.

All prints have given way to the
print with plain-silk scheme in
dresses.
Jodpurs, or trousers-with-gaiters,
are the popular style of riding gear
with the fashionable Central Park
habitues. These are worn in black,
with correspondingly black jodpur
boots, riding coat, and derby hat; or
in tan with the black accessories.
For the country or informal rid
ing—such as around Palo Alto—all
the clothes necessary for a complete
outfit are a pair of breeches, a pair
of boots, a shirt or sweater, and a
hat as desired. Often leather jackets
are worn over the shirts, but this is
nonessential; as is also the type of
hat worn. Anything from a soft felt
hat to a roll-cap or beret is consid
ered "the thing" to complete an in
formal habit.
Brown boots outnumber black
ones four to one in popularity. More
tan breeches than darker ones arc
sold, also; since this neutral shade
:nay be worn with black or brown
boots, as desired, and with any color
sweater or blouse.

All prints have given way to the
print with plain-silk scheme in
dresses.
Jodpurs, or trousers-with-gaiters,
are the popular style of riding gear
with the fashionable Central Park
habitues. These are worn in black,
with correspondingly black jodpur
boots, riding coat, and derby hat; or
in tan with the black accessories.
For the country or informal rid
ing—such as around Palo Alto—all
the clothes necessary for a complete
outfit are a pair of breeches, a pair
of boots, a shirt or sweater, and a
hat as desired. Often leather jackets
are worn over the shirts, but this is
nonessential; as is also the type of
hat worn. Anything from a soft felt
hat to a roll-cap or beret is consid
ered "the thing" to complete an in
formal habit.
Brown boots outnumber black
ones four to one in popularity. More
tan breeches than darker ones arc
sold, also; since this neutral shade
:nay be worn with black or brown
boots, as desired, and with any color
sweater or blouse.

All prints have given way to the
print with plain-silk scheme in
dresses.
Jodpurs, or trousers-with-gaiters,
are the popular style of riding gear
with the fashionable Central Park
habitues. These are worn in black,
with correspondingly black jodpur
boots, riding coat, and derby hat; or
in tan with the black accessories.
For the country or informal rid
ing—such as around Palo Alto—all
the clothes necessary for a complete
outfit are a pair of breeches, a pair
of boots, a shirt or sweater, and a
hat as desired. Often leather jackets
are worn over the shirts, but this is
nonessential; as is also the type of
hat worn. Anything from a soft felt
hat to a roll-cap or beret is consid
ered "the thing" to complete an in
formal habit.
Brown boots outnumber black
ones four to one in popularity. More
tan breeches than darker ones arc
sold, also; since this neutral shade
:nay be worn with black or brown
boots, as desired, and with any color
sweater or blouse.

All prints have given way to the
print with plain-silk scheme in
dresses.
Jodpurs, or trousers-with-gaiters,
are the popular style of riding gear
with the fashionable Central Park
habitues. These are worn in black,
with correspondingly black jodpur
boots, riding coat, and derby hat; or
in tan with the black accessories.
For the country or informal rid
ing—such as around Palo Alto—all
the clothes necessary for a complete
outfit are a pair of breeches, a pair
of boots, a shirt or sweater, and a
hat as desired. Often leather jackets
are worn over the shirts, but this is
nonessential; as is also the type of
hat worn. Anything from a soft felt
hat to a roll-cap or beret is consid
ered "the thing" to complete an in
formal habit.
Brown boots outnumber black
ones four to one in popularity. More
tan breeches than darker ones arc
sold, also; since this neutral shade
:nay be worn with black or brown
boots, as desired, and with any color
sweater or blouse.

All prints have given way to the
print with plain-silk scheme in
dresses.
Jodpurs, or trousers-with-gaiters,
are the popular style of riding gear
with the fashionable Central Park
habitues. These are worn in black,
with correspondingly black jodpur
boots, riding coat, and derby hat; or
in tan with the black accessories.
For the country or informal rid
ing—such as around Palo Alto—all
the clothes necessary for a complete
outfit are a pair of breeches, a pair
of boots, a shirt or sweater, and a
hat as desired. Often leather jackets
are worn over the shirts, but this is
nonessential; as is also the type of
hat worn. Anything from a soft felt
hat to a roll-cap or beret is consid
ered "the thing" to complete an in
formal habit.
Brown boots outnumber black
ones four to one in popularity. More
tan breeches than darker ones arc
sold, also; since this neutral shade
:nay be worn with black or brown
boots, as desired, and with any color
sweater or blouse.

All prints have given way to the
print with plain-silk scheme in
dresses.
Jodpurs, or trousers-with-gaiters,
are the popular style of riding gear
with the fashionable Central Park
habitues. These are worn in black,
with correspondingly black jodpur
boots, riding coat, and derby hat; or
in tan with the black accessories.
For the country or informal rid
ing—such as around Palo Alto—all
the clothes necessary for a complete
outfit are a pair of breeches, a pair
of boots, a shirt or sweater, and a
hat as desired. Often leather jackets
are worn over the shirts, but this is
nonessential; as is also the type of
hat worn. Anything from a soft felt
hat to a roll-cap or beret is consid
ered "the thing" to complete an in
formal habit.
Brown boots outnumber black
ones four to one in popularity. More
tan breeches than darker ones arc
sold, also; since this neutral shade
:nay be worn with black or brown
boots, as desired, and with any color
sweater or blouse.

All prints have given way to the
print with plain-silk scheme in
dresses.
Jodpurs, or trousers-with-gaiters,
are the popular style of riding gear
with the fashionable Central Park
habitues. These are worn in black,
with correspondingly black jodpur
boots, riding coat, and derby hat; or
in tan with the black accessories.
For the country or informal rid
ing—such as around Palo Alto—all
the clothes necessary for a complete
outfit are a pair of breeches, a pair
of boots, a shirt or sweater, and a
hat as desired. Often leather jackets
are worn over the shirts, but this is
nonessential; as is also the type of
hat worn. Anything from a soft felt
hat to a roll-cap or beret is consid
ered "the thing" to complete an in
formal habit.
Brown boots outnumber black
ones four to one in popularity. More
tan breeches than darker ones arc
sold, also; since this neutral shade
:nay be worn with black or brown
boots, as desired, and with any color
sweater or blouse.

All prints have given way to the
print with plain-silk scheme in
dresses.
Jodpurs, or trousers-with-gaiters,
are the popular style of riding gear
with the fashionable Central Park
habitues. These are worn in black,
with correspondingly black jodpur
boots, riding coat, and derby hat; or
in tan with the black accessories.
For the country or informal rid
ing—such as around Palo Alto—all
the clothes necessary for a complete
outfit are a pair of breeches, a pair
of boots, a shirt or sweater, and a
hat as desired. Often leather jackets
are worn over the shirts, but this is
nonessential; as is also the type of
hat worn. Anything from a soft felt
hat to a roll-cap or beret is consid
ered "the thing" to complete an in
formal habit.
Brown boots outnumber black
ones four to one in popularity. More
tan breeches than darker ones arc
sold, also; since this neutral shade
:nay be worn with black or brown
boots, as desired, and with any color
sweater or blouse.

All prints have given way to the
print with plain-silk scheme in
dresses.
Jodpurs, or trousers-with-gaiters,
are the popular style of riding gear
with the fashionable Central Park
habitues. These are worn in black,
with correspondingly black jodpur
boots, riding coat, and derby hat; or
in tan with the black accessories.
For the country or informal rid
ing—such as around Palo Alto—all
the clothes necessary for a complete
outfit are a pair of breeches, a pair
of boots, a shirt or sweater, and a
hat as desired. Often leather jackets
are worn over the shirts, but this is
nonessential; as is also the type of
hat worn. Anything from a soft felt
hat to a roll-cap or beret is consid
ered "the thing" to complete an in
formal habit.
Brown boots outnumber black
ones four to one in popularity. More
tan breeches than darker ones arc
sold, also; since this neutral shade
:nay be worn with black or brown
boots, as desired, and with any color
sweater or blouse.

All prints have given way to the
print with plain-silk scheme in
dresses.
Jodpurs, or trousers-with-gaiters,
are the popular style of riding gear
with the fashionable Central Park
habitues. These are worn in black,
with correspondingly black jodpur
boots, riding coat, and derby hat; or
in tan with the black accessories.
For the country or informal rid
ing—such as around Palo Alto—all
the clothes necessary for a complete
outfit are a pair of breeches, a pair
of boots, a shirt or sweater, and a
hat as desired. Often leather jackets
are worn over the shirts, but this is
nonessential; as is also the type of
hat worn. Anything from a soft felt
hat to a roll-cap or beret is consid
ered "the thing" to complete an in
formal habit.
Brown boots outnumber black
ones four to one in popularity. More
tan breeches than darker ones arc
sold, also; since this neutral shade
:nay be worn with black or brown
boots, as desired, and with any color
sweater or blouse.

All prints have given way to the
print with plain-silk scheme in
dresses.
Jodpurs, or trousers-with-gaiters,
are the popular style of riding gear
with the fashionable Central Park
habitues. These are worn in black,
with correspondingly black jodpur
boots, riding coat, and derby hat; or
in tan with the black accessories.
For the country or informal rid
ing—such as around Palo Alto—all
the clothes necessary for a complete
outfit are a pair of breeches, a pair
of boots, a shirt or sweater, and a
hat as desired. Often leather jackets
are worn over the shirts, but this is
nonessential; as is also the type of
hat worn. Anything from a soft felt
hat to a roll-cap or beret is consid
ered "the thing" to complete an in
formal habit.
Brown boots outnumber black
ones four to one in popularity. More
tan breeches than darker ones arc
sold, also; since this neutral shade
:nay be worn with black or brown
boots, as desired, and with any color
sweater or blouse.

All prints have given way to the
print with plain-silk scheme in
dresses.
Jodpurs, or trousers-with-gaiters,
are the popular style of riding gear
with the fashionable Central Park
habitues. These are worn in black,
with correspondingly black jodpur
boots, riding coat, and derby hat; or
in tan with the black accessories.
For the country or informal rid
ing—such as around Palo Alto—all
the clothes necessary for a complete
outfit are a pair of breeches, a pair
of boots, a shirt or sweater, and a
hat as desired. Often leather jackets
are worn over the shirts, but this is
nonessential; as is also the type of
hat worn. Anything from a soft felt
hat to a roll-cap or beret is consid
ered "the thing" to complete an in
formal habit.
Brown boots outnumber black
ones four to one in popularity. More
tan breeches than darker ones arc
sold, also; since this neutral shade
:nay be worn with black or brown
boots, as desired, and with any color
sweater or blouse.

All prints have given way to the
print with plain-silk scheme in
dresses.
Jodpurs, or trousers-with-gaiters,
are the popular style of riding gear
with the fashionable Central Park
habitues. These are worn in black,
with correspondingly black jodpur
boots, riding coat, and derby hat; or
in tan with the black accessories.
For the country or informal rid
ing—such as around Palo Alto—all
the clothes necessary for a complete
outfit are a pair of breeches, a pair
of boots, a shirt or sweater, and a
hat as desired. Often leather jackets
are worn over the shirts, but this is
nonessential; as is also the type of
hat worn. Anything from a soft felt
hat to a roll-cap or beret is consid
ered "the thing" to complete an in
formal habit.
Brown boots outnumber black
ones four to one in popularity. More
tan breeches than darker ones arc
sold, also; since this neutral shade
:nay be worn with black or brown
boots, as desired, and with any color
sweater or blouse.

All prints have given way to the
print with plain-silk scheme in
dresses.
Jodpurs, or trousers-with-gaiters,
are the popular style of riding gear
with the fashionable Central Park
habitues. These are worn in black,
with correspondingly black jodpur
boots, riding coat, and derby hat; or
in tan with the black accessories.
For the country or informal rid
ing—such as around Palo Alto—all
the clothes necessary for a complete
outfit are a pair of breeches, a pair
of boots, a shirt or sweater, and a
hat as desired. Often leather jackets
are worn over the shirts, but this is
nonessential; as is also the type of
hat worn. Anything from a soft felt
hat to a roll-cap or beret is consid
ered "the thing" to complete an in
formal habit.
Brown boots outnumber black
ones four to one in popularity. More
tan breeches than darker ones arc
sold, also; since this neutral shade
:nay be worn with black or brown
boots, as desired, and with any color
sweater or blouse.

All prints have given way to the
print with plain-silk scheme in
dresses.
