# NOVEL SUIT
## 
### 
Another contender for the men's
summer suit business this year is a
brand new product, all cotton and
pre-shrunk. In general appearance
it resembles the linen suit, but is
much cheaper, wholesaling for as
low as $4.50. It is made in a two
button single-breasted model in
white.
Another contender for the men's
summer suit business this year is a
brand new product, all cotton and
pre-shrunk. In general appearance
it resembles the linen suit, but is
much cheaper, wholesaling for as
low as $4.50. It is made in a two
button single-breasted model in
white.
Another contender for the men's
summer suit business this year is a
brand new product, all cotton and
pre-shrunk. In general appearance
it resembles the linen suit, but is
much cheaper, wholesaling for as
low as $4.50. It is made in a two
button single-breasted model in
white.
Another contender for the men's
summer suit business this year is a
brand new product, all cotton and
pre-shrunk. In general appearance
it resembles the linen suit, but is
much cheaper, wholesaling for as
low as $4.50. It is made in a two
button single-breasted model in
white.
Another contender for the men's
summer suit business this year is a
brand new product, all cotton and
pre-shrunk. In general appearance
it resembles the linen suit, but is
much cheaper, wholesaling for as
low as $4.50. It is made in a two
button single-breasted model in
white.
Another contender for the men's
summer suit business this year is a
brand new product, all cotton and
pre-shrunk. In general appearance
it resembles the linen suit, but is
much cheaper, wholesaling for as
low as $4.50. It is made in a two
button single-breasted model in
white.
Another contender for the men's
summer suit business this year is a
brand new product, all cotton and
pre-shrunk. In general appearance
it resembles the linen suit, but is
much cheaper, wholesaling for as
low as $4.50. It is made in a two
button single-breasted model in
white.
Another contender for the men's
summer suit business this year is a
brand new product, all cotton and
pre-shrunk. In general appearance
it resembles the linen suit, but is
much cheaper, wholesaling for as
low as $4.50. It is made in a two
button single-breasted model in
white.
Another contender for the men's
summer suit business this year is a
brand new product, all cotton and
pre-shrunk. In general appearance
it resembles the linen suit, but is
much cheaper, wholesaling for as
low as $4.50. It is made in a two
button single-breasted model in
white.
Another contender for the men's
summer suit business this year is a
brand new product, all cotton and
pre-shrunk. In general appearance
it resembles the linen suit, but is
much cheaper, wholesaling for as
low as $4.50. It is made in a two
button single-breasted model in
white.
Another contender for the men's
summer suit business this year is a
brand new product, all cotton and
pre-shrunk. In general appearance
it resembles the linen suit, but is
much cheaper, wholesaling for as
low as $4.50. It is made in a two
button single-breasted model in
white.
Another contender for the men's
summer suit business this year is a
brand new product, all cotton and
pre-shrunk. In general appearance
it resembles the linen suit, but is
much cheaper, wholesaling for as
low as $4.50. It is made in a two
button single-breasted model in
white.
Another contender for the men's
summer suit business this year is a
brand new product, all cotton and
pre-shrunk. In general appearance
it resembles the linen suit, but is
much cheaper, wholesaling for as
low as $4.50. It is made in a two
button single-breasted model in
white.
Another contender for the men's
summer suit business this year is a
brand new product, all cotton and
pre-shrunk. In general appearance
it resembles the linen suit, but is
much cheaper, wholesaling for as
low as $4.50. It is made in a two
button single-breasted model in
white.
Another contender for the men's
summer suit business this year is a
brand new product, all cotton and
pre-shrunk. In general appearance
it resembles the linen suit, but is
much cheaper, wholesaling for as
low as $4.50. It is made in a two
button single-breasted model in
white.
Another contender for the men's
summer suit business this year is a
brand new product, all cotton and
pre-shrunk. In general appearance
it resembles the linen suit, but is
much cheaper, wholesaling for as
low as $4.50. It is made in a two
button single-breasted model in
white.
