# SKIRTS VARY
## 
### 
Everywhere this year you'll see
slimmer, straighter clothes, with
dress lengths about anywhere you
want them. Sports skirts are tend
ing to be shorter.
Everywhere this year you'll see
slimmer, straighter clothes, with
dress lengths about anywhere you
want them. Sports skirts are tend
ing to be shorter.
Everywhere this year you'll see
slimmer, straighter clothes, with
dress lengths about anywhere you
want them. Sports skirts are tend
ing to be shorter.
Everywhere this year you'll see
slimmer, straighter clothes, with
dress lengths about anywhere you
want them. Sports skirts are tend
ing to be shorter.
Everywhere this year you'll see
slimmer, straighter clothes, with
dress lengths about anywhere you
want them. Sports skirts are tend
ing to be shorter.
Everywhere this year you'll see
slimmer, straighter clothes, with
dress lengths about anywhere you
want them. Sports skirts are tend
ing to be shorter.
Everywhere this year you'll see
slimmer, straighter clothes, with
dress lengths about anywhere you
want them. Sports skirts are tend
ing to be shorter.
Everywhere this year you'll see
slimmer, straighter clothes, with
dress lengths about anywhere you
want them. Sports skirts are tend
ing to be shorter.
Everywhere this year you'll see
slimmer, straighter clothes, with
dress lengths about anywhere you
want them. Sports skirts are tend
ing to be shorter.
Everywhere this year you'll see
slimmer, straighter clothes, with
dress lengths about anywhere you
want them. Sports skirts are tend
ing to be shorter.
Everywhere this year you'll see
slimmer, straighter clothes, with
dress lengths about anywhere you
want them. Sports skirts are tend
ing to be shorter.
Everywhere this year you'll see
slimmer, straighter clothes, with
dress lengths about anywhere you
want them. Sports skirts are tend
ing to be shorter.
Everywhere this year you'll see
slimmer, straighter clothes, with
dress lengths about anywhere you
want them. Sports skirts are tend
ing to be shorter.
Everywhere this year you'll see
slimmer, straighter clothes, with
dress lengths about anywhere you
want them. Sports skirts are tend
ing to be shorter.
Everywhere this year you'll see
slimmer, straighter clothes, with
dress lengths about anywhere you
want them. Sports skirts are tend
ing to be shorter.
Everywhere this year you'll see
slimmer, straighter clothes, with
dress lengths about anywhere you
want them. Sports skirts are tend
ing to be shorter.
