# Adv. 38 Page 18
## 
### 
CL
ry
»wr
fj.rrrA/Ut*
Any Jofhr
'm-im
\\ sr/
o
v
SOT
During the night of
Friday, March 13, we
will fill our windows
with candlelight to re
° member Amy Potter. At
1 p.m. on Saturday,
there will be a memo
rial service for Amy in
the Kimball courtyard.
We ask you to light a
candle with us and to
join us in remember
ing Amy's smile with
her family.
The Residents of
Kimball Hall
CL
ry
»wr
fj.rrrA/Ut*
Any Jofhr
'm-im
\\ sr/
o
v
SOT
During the night of
Friday, March 13, we
will fill our windows
with candlelight to re
° member Amy Potter. At
1 p.m. on Saturday,
there will be a memo
rial service for Amy in
the Kimball courtyard.
We ask you to light a
candle with us and to
join us in remember
ing Amy's smile with
her family.
The Residents of
Kimball Hall
CL
ry
»wr
fj.rrrA/Ut*
Any Jofhr
'm-im
\\ sr/
o
v
SOT
During the night of
Friday, March 13, we
will fill our windows
with candlelight to re
° member Amy Potter. At
1 p.m. on Saturday,
there will be a memo
rial service for Amy in
the Kimball courtyard.
We ask you to light a
candle with us and to
join us in remember
ing Amy's smile with
her family.
The Residents of
Kimball Hall
CL
ry
»wr
fj.rrrA/Ut*
Any Jofhr
'm-im
\\ sr/
o
v
SOT
During the night of
Friday, March 13, we
will fill our windows
with candlelight to re
° member Amy Potter. At
1 p.m. on Saturday,
there will be a memo
rial service for Amy in
the Kimball courtyard.
We ask you to light a
candle with us and to
join us in remember
ing Amy's smile with
her family.
The Residents of
Kimball Hall
CL
ry
»wr
fj.rrrA/Ut*
Any Jofhr
'm-im
\\ sr/
o
v
SOT
During the night of
Friday, March 13, we
will fill our windows
with candlelight to re
° member Amy Potter. At
1 p.m. on Saturday,
there will be a memo
rial service for Amy in
the Kimball courtyard.
We ask you to light a
candle with us and to
join us in remember
ing Amy's smile with
her family.
The Residents of
Kimball Hall
CL
ry
»wr
fj.rrrA/Ut*
Any Jofhr
'm-im
\\ sr/
o
v
SOT
During the night of
Friday, March 13, we
will fill our windows
with candlelight to re
° member Amy Potter. At
1 p.m. on Saturday,
there will be a memo
rial service for Amy in
the Kimball courtyard.
We ask you to light a
candle with us and to
join us in remember
ing Amy's smile with
her family.
The Residents of
Kimball Hall
CL
ry
»wr
fj.rrrA/Ut*
Any Jofhr
'm-im
\\ sr/
o
v
SOT
During the night of
Friday, March 13, we
will fill our windows
with candlelight to re
° member Amy Potter. At
1 p.m. on Saturday,
there will be a memo
rial service for Amy in
the Kimball courtyard.
We ask you to light a
candle with us and to
join us in remember
ing Amy's smile with
her family.
The Residents of
Kimball Hall
CL
ry
»wr
fj.rrrA/Ut*
Any Jofhr
'm-im
\\ sr/
o
v
SOT
During the night of
Friday, March 13, we
will fill our windows
with candlelight to re
° member Amy Potter. At
1 p.m. on Saturday,
there will be a memo
rial service for Amy in
the Kimball courtyard.
We ask you to light a
candle with us and to
join us in remember
ing Amy's smile with
her family.
The Residents of
Kimball Hall
