# Decision to eliminate storage is shortsighted
## 
### 
The decision made by the Office of
Residential Education to eliminate sum
mer storage at practically all large
undergraduate dormitories is indescrib

ably stupid.
Since I have never noticed Res Ed
spending money on anything worthwhile
except paying residential assistants, I
have difficulty understanding its budget
concerns.
At any rate, as a person who has used
this on-campus storage space every sum
mer of my college career, I am flabber
gasted that Res Ed, rather than charge a
small storage fee to cover attendant
costs, should decide to make everyone
find a way to transport their belongings
off-campus and pay exorbitant storage
rates.
This is an amazing waste of student
time, money and energy. Thank God I
live in a co-operative where student
management never would make such an
appallingly stupid and callous decision.
Elizabeth Palmberg
Senior, English
