# Women's Athletics
## 
### 
Co-recreational badminton is
being held every Wednesday
evening from 7:30-9:30 in the
women's gym. There is a $.25
bird fee for male participants.
Emerging undefeated and un
scored against at the Bay Area
Sports Day, the Stanford Wom
en's Hockey Team continued its
winning streak last week.
Wednesday they deadlocked 0-0
at San Jose, but Thursday
brought a 5-1 victory over Mills.
This was the first goal 6cored
against Stanford in six games.
Two games this week high
light the end of the hockey sea
son. The team plays Cal on
Wednesday at Cal. The final,
and toughest game of the sea
son will be played on the Stan
ford hockey field this Thursday
at 4:30 p.m., when Stanford
meets Cal State at Hayward.
