# Open Letters From Austria III
## Stanford-At-Panhans: Not Austrian 
### 
(Editor's Note: The following
letters were sent to Charlotte
Ackerley in response to her re
cent series on Austria 11. Pro
fessor Lewis Spitz, faculty as
sociate to Austria 111, and Mark
Edwards, president of this
group, have prepared fairly com
plete reports on the present sit
uation in Semmering. The texts
of these are published in their
entirety.)
Editor, the Daily:
Several years have passed
since I last contributed to the
Daily and I must therefore at
the outset apologize for this in
excusable neglect of so power
ful an instrument for the reso
lution of international crises.
Your series of articles on the
Austrian campus, however, air
ing the views of the students
and the director, has been of
considerable interest to me as
a professor in residence. Hope
fully a statement from a faculty
member will not seem to be
without relevance to the uni
versity. Since my good friend
Professor Walker knows my
considered views on Stanford-in-
Austria, I address this open let
ter primarily to my colleagues
in the school of the humanities
concerned with undergraduate
general education.
To pretend that the trouble
with Stanford-in-Austria is not
serious will not do, for the prob
lem is fundamental and the situ
ation is critical. The Austria
campus crisis raises crucial
questions about the legitimate
educational objectives of the
program as a whole and merits
the attention of the entire fac
ulty. It seems self-evident that
an overseas study program on
the university level should be
directed toward involving our
students in the higher culture
of the host country and toward
introducing them to the people
and the central problems of
their society. The importance
attached to primary cultural
contacts with villagers in the
interest of promoting a knowl
edge of folkways or of provid
ing elementary language prac
tice is another matter. The
simple unadorned truth is that
the Austrian campus is in an
impossible location for attaining
effectively the educational ob
jectives for which the overseas
program is designed. The physi

cal and cultural isolation of this
campus is a fact that can be
neither ignored nor minimized.
Can our faculty conscien
tiously allow good students to
leave a home campus with a
lively intellectual and cultural
program for an overseas cam
pus where there is only a primi
tive level of native culture and
where the nearest stage, con
cert hall, museum, parliament,
slum, library, or suitable
churches and synagogues are
two hours away by chartered
bus and four dollars away by
train? Is the university wise in
establishing a campus in a re
sort hotel in ski country far
from the city of Vienna, the
cultural and political center of
this historic country? Does this
sort of enterprise help us in our
effort as scholars to combat the
reputation of "play school"? I
will not accept the answer that
it is not possible to find a suit-

able location within streetcar
(12c) distance of the inner city.
The opinion of well-informed
and kindly-disposed Viennese is
that an energetic, intelligent, in
formed, systematic, indepen
dent, and determined effort to
find a suitable location in Vien
na would be successful. It is
imperative that this be done
soon, before we waste more
student time and faculty talent.
Lesser institutions than ours
have superior locations! The
staff here has been expending a
great deal of energy to compen
sate as much as possible for the
hopeless location of this cam
pus, but with minimal results

due to the initial handicap. The
Semmering is useful for fine
food and luxurious shelter, and
as a point of departure.
My genial and convivial Stan
ford colleague and I found the
students of Austria II in a con
siderable boil, when we arrived
last summer. Their mood, how
ever, was clearly the result of
their situation and not, as I first
thought, the situation a result
of their mood. Most of their dif
ficulties were merely referred
pains. I happen to be very fond
of the students in Austria II
and I have a great deal of re
spect for them. Many were
ready to crawl up the walls of
the Grandhotel Panhans for
sheer frustration and boredom
by the end of their stay and a
few naughty fellows were sin
gularly unimaginative in ex
pressing their subconsci ou6
urge to sink "the yellow sub
marine." It is gratifying to see
them doing public penance and
I hope they are manly enough
to apologize to Dr. Walker in
private. Nevertheless, some
thing would be wrong with stu
dents as intelligent as ours if
they were not profoundly dis
satisfied with their situation
here, when they consider how
rich an experience they might
have in one of Europe's greatest
cultural centers, the city of
Vienna.
Paradoxically, in the interest
of higher education we must
come down from the mountains.
LEWIS W. SPITZ
Professor of History
â€¢ Reaction Of Group 111
Editor, The Daily:
Stanford-in-Austria is located
60 miles, two hours, and two
dollars from Vienna, the center
of at least 80 percent of Austria's
higher culture. By round trip, a
night at the Opera is 120 miles,
seven hours, and normally more
than four dollars. Monetarily,
this trip in any frequency is
prohibitive for a substantial
"number of scholarship students;
and timewise, prohibitive for
most students. Private cars and
a sincere attempt by the admin
istration to defray costs do miti
gate some of these problems,
but they are all still partial
remedies for a sick situation:
the campus location. All other

complaints are really subordin
ate to this fundamental prob
lem. The essential remedy,
though no cure-all, is obvious;
Stanford-in-Austria should be in
Vienna.
The present location of the
campus, though scenically and
administratively attractive, is
really poor educationally. Stan
ford i6 primarily an educational
institution, and Overseas Cam
puses must fit within Stanford's
educational philosophy. Accord
ing to the Overseas Campuses
bulletin, the foreign campuses
are designed to provide the stu
dent with the opportunity of
"partaking deeply of the human
and cultural riches of Europe"
while still benefiting by Stan
ford's regular curriculum. The
phrase "partaking deeply"
throws light on Austria's prob
lems. In the context of the Uni
versity's educational responsi
bility, the "opportunity" for
culture must be more than

physical presence in a European
land. Semmering is little better
than mere "presence." Vienna,
however, is the heart of Aus
trian culture, the historical capi
tal of a once-important land.
Beyond this, it is the home of
the second oldest German uni
versity and frankly the only
place in Austria where educa
tional and cultural "oppor
tunity" takes on its full value.
My basic point is this. Re
cently Austria II has been much
criticized and, in my opinion,
much maligned. Though their
methods were sometimes mis
taken, they were aware of and
trying to do something about
a very real and important prob
lem, To be consistent with edu
cational philosophy and respon
sibility, the Austria campus
must be moved. The search for
a new campus located in greater
Vienna must begin immediately.
MARK U. EDWARDS JR.
President Austria 111


LEWIS W. SPITZ
(Editor's Note: The following
letters were sent to Charlotte
Ackerley in response to her re
cent series on Austria 11. Pro
fessor Lewis Spitz, faculty as
sociate to Austria 111, and Mark
Edwards, president of this
group, have prepared fairly com
plete reports on the present sit
uation in Semmering. The texts
of these are published in their
entirety.)
Editor, the Daily:
Several years have passed
since I last contributed to the
Daily and I must therefore at
the outset apologize for this in
excusable neglect of so power
ful an instrument for the reso
lution of international crises.
Your series of articles on the
Austrian campus, however, air
ing the views of the students
and the director, has been of
considerable interest to me as
a professor in residence. Hope
fully a statement from a faculty
member will not seem to be
without relevance to the uni
versity. Since my good friend
Professor Walker knows my
considered views on Stanford-in-
Austria, I address this open let
ter primarily to my colleagues
in the school of the humanities
concerned with undergraduate
general education.
To pretend that the trouble
with Stanford-in-Austria is not
serious will not do, for the prob
lem is fundamental and the situ
ation is critical. The Austria
campus crisis raises crucial
questions about the legitimate
educational objectives of the
program as a whole and merits
the attention of the entire fac
ulty. It seems self-evident that
an overseas study program on
the university level should be
directed toward involving our
students in the higher culture
of the host country and toward
introducing them to the people
and the central problems of
their society. The importance
attached to primary cultural
contacts with villagers in the
interest of promoting a knowl
edge of folkways or of provid
ing elementary language prac
tice is another matter. The
simple unadorned truth is that
the Austrian campus is in an
impossible location for attaining
effectively the educational ob
jectives for which the overseas
program is designed. The physi

cal and cultural isolation of this
campus is a fact that can be
neither ignored nor minimized.
Can our faculty conscien
tiously allow good students to
leave a home campus with a
lively intellectual and cultural
program for an overseas cam
pus where there is only a primi
tive level of native culture and
where the nearest stage, con
cert hall, museum, parliament,
slum, library, or suitable
churches and synagogues are
two hours away by chartered
bus and four dollars away by
train? Is the university wise in
establishing a campus in a re
sort hotel in ski country far
from the city of Vienna, the
cultural and political center of
this historic country? Does this
sort of enterprise help us in our
effort as scholars to combat the
reputation of "play school"? I
will not accept the answer that
it is not possible to find a suit-

able location within streetcar
(12c) distance of the inner city.
The opinion of well-informed
and kindly-disposed Viennese is
that an energetic, intelligent, in
formed, systematic, indepen
dent, and determined effort to
find a suitable location in Vien
na would be successful. It is
imperative that this be done
soon, before we waste more
student time and faculty talent.
Lesser institutions than ours
have superior locations! The
staff here has been expending a
great deal of energy to compen
sate as much as possible for the
hopeless location of this cam
pus, but with minimal results

due to the initial handicap. The
Semmering is useful for fine
food and luxurious shelter, and
as a point of departure.
My genial and convivial Stan
ford colleague and I found the
students of Austria II in a con
siderable boil, when we arrived
last summer. Their mood, how
ever, was clearly the result of
their situation and not, as I first
thought, the situation a result
of their mood. Most of their dif
ficulties were merely referred
pains. I happen to be very fond
of the students in Austria II
and I have a great deal of re
spect for them. Many were
ready to crawl up the walls of
the Grandhotel Panhans for
sheer frustration and boredom
by the end of their stay and a
few naughty fellows were sin
gularly unimaginative in ex
pressing their subconsci ou6
urge to sink "the yellow sub
marine." It is gratifying to see
them doing public penance and
I hope they are manly enough
to apologize to Dr. Walker in
private. Nevertheless, some
thing would be wrong with stu
dents as intelligent as ours if
they were not profoundly dis
satisfied with their situation
here, when they consider how
rich an experience they might
have in one of Europe's greatest
cultural centers, the city of
Vienna.
Paradoxically, in the interest
of higher education we must
come down from the mountains.
LEWIS W. SPITZ
Professor of History
â€¢ Reaction Of Group 111
Editor, The Daily:
Stanford-in-Austria is located
60 miles, two hours, and two
dollars from Vienna, the center
of at least 80 percent of Austria's
higher culture. By round trip, a
night at the Opera is 120 miles,
seven hours, and normally more
than four dollars. Monetarily,
this trip in any frequency is
prohibitive for a substantial
"number of scholarship students;
and timewise, prohibitive for
most students. Private cars and
a sincere attempt by the admin
istration to defray costs do miti
gate some of these problems,
but they are all still partial
remedies for a sick situation:
the campus location. All other

complaints are really subordin
ate to this fundamental prob
lem. The essential remedy,
though no cure-all, is obvious;
Stanford-in-Austria should be in
Vienna.
The present location of the
campus, though scenically and
administratively attractive, is
really poor educationally. Stan
ford i6 primarily an educational
institution, and Overseas Cam
puses must fit within Stanford's
educational philosophy. Accord
ing to the Overseas Campuses
bulletin, the foreign campuses
are designed to provide the stu
dent with the opportunity of
"partaking deeply of the human
and cultural riches of Europe"
while still benefiting by Stan
ford's regular curriculum. The
phrase "partaking deeply"
throws light on Austria's prob
lems. In the context of the Uni
versity's educational responsi
bility, the "opportunity" for
culture must be more than

physical presence in a European
land. Semmering is little better
than mere "presence." Vienna,
however, is the heart of Aus
trian culture, the historical capi
tal of a once-important land.
Beyond this, it is the home of
the second oldest German uni
versity and frankly the only
place in Austria where educa
tional and cultural "oppor
tunity" takes on its full value.
My basic point is this. Re
cently Austria II has been much
criticized and, in my opinion,
much maligned. Though their
methods were sometimes mis
taken, they were aware of and
trying to do something about
a very real and important prob
lem, To be consistent with edu
cational philosophy and respon
sibility, the Austria campus
must be moved. The search for
a new campus located in greater
Vienna must begin immediately.
MARK U. EDWARDS JR.
President Austria 111


LEWIS W. SPITZ
(Editor's Note: The following
letters were sent to Charlotte
Ackerley in response to her re
cent series on Austria 11. Pro
fessor Lewis Spitz, faculty as
sociate to Austria 111, and Mark
Edwards, president of this
group, have prepared fairly com
plete reports on the present sit
uation in Semmering. The texts
of these are published in their
entirety.)
Editor, the Daily:
Several years have passed
since I last contributed to the
Daily and I must therefore at
the outset apologize for this in
excusable neglect of so power
ful an instrument for the reso
lution of international crises.
Your series of articles on the
Austrian campus, however, air
ing the views of the students
and the director, has been of
considerable interest to me as
a professor in residence. Hope
fully a statement from a faculty
member will not seem to be
without relevance to the uni
versity. Since my good friend
Professor Walker knows my
considered views on Stanford-in-
Austria, I address this open let
ter primarily to my colleagues
in the school of the humanities
concerned with undergraduate
general education.
To pretend that the trouble
with Stanford-in-Austria is not
serious will not do, for the prob
lem is fundamental and the situ
ation is critical. The Austria
campus crisis raises crucial
questions about the legitimate
educational objectives of the
program as a whole and merits
the attention of the entire fac
ulty. It seems self-evident that
an overseas study program on
the university level should be
directed toward involving our
students in the higher culture
of the host country and toward
introducing them to the people
and the central problems of
their society. The importance
attached to primary cultural
contacts with villagers in the
interest of promoting a knowl
edge of folkways or of provid
ing elementary language prac
tice is another matter. The
simple unadorned truth is that
the Austrian campus is in an
impossible location for attaining
effectively the educational ob
jectives for which the overseas
program is designed. The physi

cal and cultural isolation of this
campus is a fact that can be
neither ignored nor minimized.
Can our faculty conscien
tiously allow good students to
leave a home campus with a
lively intellectual and cultural
program for an overseas cam
pus where there is only a primi
tive level of native culture and
where the nearest stage, con
cert hall, museum, parliament,
slum, library, or suitable
churches and synagogues are
two hours away by chartered
bus and four dollars away by
train? Is the university wise in
establishing a campus in a re
sort hotel in ski country far
from the city of Vienna, the
cultural and political center of
this historic country? Does this
sort of enterprise help us in our
effort as scholars to combat the
reputation of "play school"? I
will not accept the answer that
it is not possible to find a suit-

able location within streetcar
(12c) distance of the inner city.
The opinion of well-informed
and kindly-disposed Viennese is
that an energetic, intelligent, in
formed, systematic, indepen
dent, and determined effort to
find a suitable location in Vien
na would be successful. It is
imperative that this be done
soon, before we waste more
student time and faculty talent.
Lesser institutions than ours
have superior locations! The
staff here has been expending a
great deal of energy to compen
sate as much as possible for the
hopeless location of this cam
pus, but with minimal results

due to the initial handicap. The
Semmering is useful for fine
food and luxurious shelter, and
as a point of departure.
My genial and convivial Stan
ford colleague and I found the
students of Austria II in a con
siderable boil, when we arrived
last summer. Their mood, how
ever, was clearly the result of
their situation and not, as I first
thought, the situation a result
of their mood. Most of their dif
ficulties were merely referred
pains. I happen to be very fond
of the students in Austria II
and I have a great deal of re
spect for them. Many were
ready to crawl up the walls of
the Grandhotel Panhans for
sheer frustration and boredom
by the end of their stay and a
few naughty fellows were sin
gularly unimaginative in ex
pressing their subconsci ou6
urge to sink "the yellow sub
marine." It is gratifying to see
them doing public penance and
I hope they are manly enough
to apologize to Dr. Walker in
private. Nevertheless, some
thing would be wrong with stu
dents as intelligent as ours if
they were not profoundly dis
satisfied with their situation
here, when they consider how
rich an experience they might
have in one of Europe's greatest
cultural centers, the city of
Vienna.
Paradoxically, in the interest
of higher education we must
come down from the mountains.
LEWIS W. SPITZ
Professor of History
â€¢ Reaction Of Group 111
Editor, The Daily:
Stanford-in-Austria is located
60 miles, two hours, and two
dollars from Vienna, the center
of at least 80 percent of Austria's
higher culture. By round trip, a
night at the Opera is 120 miles,
seven hours, and normally more
than four dollars. Monetarily,
this trip in any frequency is
prohibitive for a substantial
"number of scholarship students;
and timewise, prohibitive for
most students. Private cars and
a sincere attempt by the admin
istration to defray costs do miti
gate some of these problems,
but they are all still partial
remedies for a sick situation:
the campus location. All other

complaints are really subordin
ate to this fundamental prob
lem. The essential remedy,
though no cure-all, is obvious;
Stanford-in-Austria should be in
Vienna.
The present location of the
campus, though scenically and
administratively attractive, is
really poor educationally. Stan
ford i6 primarily an educational
institution, and Overseas Cam
puses must fit within Stanford's
educational philosophy. Accord
ing to the Overseas Campuses
bulletin, the foreign campuses
are designed to provide the stu
dent with the opportunity of
"partaking deeply of the human
and cultural riches of Europe"
while still benefiting by Stan
ford's regular curriculum. The
phrase "partaking deeply"
throws light on Austria's prob
lems. In the context of the Uni
versity's educational responsi
bility, the "opportunity" for
culture must be more than

physical presence in a European
land. Semmering is little better
than mere "presence." Vienna,
however, is the heart of Aus
trian culture, the historical capi
tal of a once-important land.
Beyond this, it is the home of
the second oldest German uni
versity and frankly the only
place in Austria where educa
tional and cultural "oppor
tunity" takes on its full value.
My basic point is this. Re
cently Austria II has been much
criticized and, in my opinion,
much maligned. Though their
methods were sometimes mis
taken, they were aware of and
trying to do something about
a very real and important prob
lem, To be consistent with edu
cational philosophy and respon
sibility, the Austria campus
must be moved. The search for
a new campus located in greater
Vienna must begin immediately.
MARK U. EDWARDS JR.
President Austria 111


LEWIS W. SPITZ
(Editor's Note: The following
letters were sent to Charlotte
Ackerley in response to her re
cent series on Austria 11. Pro
fessor Lewis Spitz, faculty as
sociate to Austria 111, and Mark
Edwards, president of this
group, have prepared fairly com
plete reports on the present sit
uation in Semmering. The texts
of these are published in their
entirety.)
Editor, the Daily:
Several years have passed
since I last contributed to the
Daily and I must therefore at
the outset apologize for this in
excusable neglect of so power
ful an instrument for the reso
lution of international crises.
Your series of articles on the
Austrian campus, however, air
ing the views of the students
and the director, has been of
considerable interest to me as
a professor in residence. Hope
fully a statement from a faculty
member will not seem to be
without relevance to the uni
versity. Since my good friend
Professor Walker knows my
considered views on Stanford-in-
Austria, I address this open let
ter primarily to my colleagues
in the school of the humanities
concerned with undergraduate
general education.
To pretend that the trouble
with Stanford-in-Austria is not
serious will not do, for the prob
lem is fundamental and the situ
ation is critical. The Austria
campus crisis raises crucial
questions about the legitimate
educational objectives of the
program as a whole and merits
the attention of the entire fac
ulty. It seems self-evident that
an overseas study program on
the university level should be
directed toward involving our
students in the higher culture
of the host country and toward
introducing them to the people
and the central problems of
their society. The importance
attached to primary cultural
contacts with villagers in the
interest of promoting a knowl
edge of folkways or of provid
ing elementary language prac
tice is another matter. The
simple unadorned truth is that
the Austrian campus is in an
impossible location for attaining
effectively the educational ob
jectives for which the overseas
program is designed. The physi

cal and cultural isolation of this
campus is a fact that can be
neither ignored nor minimized.
Can our faculty conscien
tiously allow good students to
leave a home campus with a
lively intellectual and cultural
program for an overseas cam
pus where there is only a primi
tive level of native culture and
where the nearest stage, con
cert hall, museum, parliament,
slum, library, or suitable
churches and synagogues are
two hours away by chartered
bus and four dollars away by
train? Is the university wise in
establishing a campus in a re
sort hotel in ski country far
from the city of Vienna, the
cultural and political center of
this historic country? Does this
sort of enterprise help us in our
effort as scholars to combat the
reputation of "play school"? I
will not accept the answer that
it is not possible to find a suit-

able location within streetcar
(12c) distance of the inner city.
The opinion of well-informed
and kindly-disposed Viennese is
that an energetic, intelligent, in
formed, systematic, indepen
dent, and determined effort to
find a suitable location in Vien
na would be successful. It is
imperative that this be done
soon, before we waste more
student time and faculty talent.
Lesser institutions than ours
have superior locations! The
staff here has been expending a
great deal of energy to compen
sate as much as possible for the
hopeless location of this cam
pus, but with minimal results

due to the initial handicap. The
Semmering is useful for fine
food and luxurious shelter, and
as a point of departure.
My genial and convivial Stan
ford colleague and I found the
students of Austria II in a con
siderable boil, when we arrived
last summer. Their mood, how
ever, was clearly the result of
their situation and not, as I first
thought, the situation a result
of their mood. Most of their dif
ficulties were merely referred
pains. I happen to be very fond
of the students in Austria II
and I have a great deal of re
spect for them. Many were
ready to crawl up the walls of
the Grandhotel Panhans for
sheer frustration and boredom
by the end of their stay and a
few naughty fellows were sin
gularly unimaginative in ex
pressing their subconsci ou6
urge to sink "the yellow sub
marine." It is gratifying to see
them doing public penance and
I hope they are manly enough
to apologize to Dr. Walker in
private. Nevertheless, some
thing would be wrong with stu
dents as intelligent as ours if
they were not profoundly dis
satisfied with their situation
here, when they consider how
rich an experience they might
have in one of Europe's greatest
cultural centers, the city of
Vienna.
Paradoxically, in the interest
of higher education we must
come down from the mountains.
LEWIS W. SPITZ
Professor of History
â€¢ Reaction Of Group 111
Editor, The Daily:
Stanford-in-Austria is located
60 miles, two hours, and two
dollars from Vienna, the center
of at least 80 percent of Austria's
higher culture. By round trip, a
night at the Opera is 120 miles,
seven hours, and normally more
than four dollars. Monetarily,
this trip in any frequency is
prohibitive for a substantial
"number of scholarship students;
and timewise, prohibitive for
most students. Private cars and
a sincere attempt by the admin
istration to defray costs do miti
gate some of these problems,
but they are all still partial
remedies for a sick situation:
the campus location. All other

complaints are really subordin
ate to this fundamental prob
lem. The essential remedy,
though no cure-all, is obvious;
Stanford-in-Austria should be in
Vienna.
The present location of the
campus, though scenically and
administratively attractive, is
really poor educationally. Stan
ford i6 primarily an educational
institution, and Overseas Cam
puses must fit within Stanford's
educational philosophy. Accord
ing to the Overseas Campuses
bulletin, the foreign campuses
are designed to provide the stu
dent with the opportunity of
"partaking deeply of the human
and cultural riches of Europe"
while still benefiting by Stan
ford's regular curriculum. The
phrase "partaking deeply"
throws light on Austria's prob
lems. In the context of the Uni
versity's educational responsi
bility, the "opportunity" for
culture must be more than

physical presence in a European
land. Semmering is little better
than mere "presence." Vienna,
however, is the heart of Aus
trian culture, the historical capi
tal of a once-important land.
Beyond this, it is the home of
the second oldest German uni
versity and frankly the only
place in Austria where educa
tional and cultural "oppor
tunity" takes on its full value.
My basic point is this. Re
cently Austria II has been much
criticized and, in my opinion,
much maligned. Though their
methods were sometimes mis
taken, they were aware of and
trying to do something about
a very real and important prob
lem, To be consistent with edu
cational philosophy and respon
sibility, the Austria campus
must be moved. The search for
a new campus located in greater
Vienna must begin immediately.
MARK U. EDWARDS JR.
President Austria 111


LEWIS W. SPITZ
(Editor's Note: The following
letters were sent to Charlotte
Ackerley in response to her re
cent series on Austria 11. Pro
fessor Lewis Spitz, faculty as
sociate to Austria 111, and Mark
Edwards, president of this
group, have prepared fairly com
plete reports on the present sit
uation in Semmering. The texts
of these are published in their
entirety.)
Editor, the Daily:
Several years have passed
since I last contributed to the
Daily and I must therefore at
the outset apologize for this in
excusable neglect of so power
ful an instrument for the reso
lution of international crises.
Your series of articles on the
Austrian campus, however, air
ing the views of the students
and the director, has been of
considerable interest to me as
a professor in residence. Hope
fully a statement from a faculty
member will not seem to be
without relevance to the uni
versity. Since my good friend
Professor Walker knows my
considered views on Stanford-in-
Austria, I address this open let
ter primarily to my colleagues
in the school of the humanities
concerned with undergraduate
general education.
To pretend that the trouble
with Stanford-in-Austria is not
serious will not do, for the prob
lem is fundamental and the situ
ation is critical. The Austria
campus crisis raises crucial
questions about the legitimate
educational objectives of the
program as a whole and merits
the attention of the entire fac
ulty. It seems self-evident that
an overseas study program on
the university level should be
directed toward involving our
students in the higher culture
of the host country and toward
introducing them to the people
and the central problems of
their society. The importance
attached to primary cultural
contacts with villagers in the
interest of promoting a knowl
edge of folkways or of provid
ing elementary language prac
tice is another matter. The
simple unadorned truth is that
the Austrian campus is in an
impossible location for attaining
effectively the educational ob
jectives for which the overseas
program is designed. The physi

cal and cultural isolation of this
campus is a fact that can be
neither ignored nor minimized.
Can our faculty conscien
tiously allow good students to
leave a home campus with a
lively intellectual and cultural
program for an overseas cam
pus where there is only a primi
tive level of native culture and
where the nearest stage, con
cert hall, museum, parliament,
slum, library, or suitable
churches and synagogues are
two hours away by chartered
bus and four dollars away by
train? Is the university wise in
establishing a campus in a re
sort hotel in ski country far
from the city of Vienna, the
cultural and political center of
this historic country? Does this
sort of enterprise help us in our
effort as scholars to combat the
reputation of "play school"? I
will not accept the answer that
it is not possible to find a suit-

able location within streetcar
(12c) distance of the inner city.
The opinion of well-informed
and kindly-disposed Viennese is
that an energetic, intelligent, in
formed, systematic, indepen
dent, and determined effort to
find a suitable location in Vien
na would be successful. It is
imperative that this be done
soon, before we waste more
student time and faculty talent.
Lesser institutions than ours
have superior locations! The
staff here has been expending a
great deal of energy to compen
sate as much as possible for the
hopeless location of this cam
pus, but with minimal results

due to the initial handicap. The
Semmering is useful for fine
food and luxurious shelter, and
as a point of departure.
My genial and convivial Stan
ford colleague and I found the
students of Austria II in a con
siderable boil, when we arrived
last summer. Their mood, how
ever, was clearly the result of
their situation and not, as I first
thought, the situation a result
of their mood. Most of their dif
ficulties were merely referred
pains. I happen to be very fond
of the students in Austria II
and I have a great deal of re
spect for them. Many were
ready to crawl up the walls of
the Grandhotel Panhans for
sheer frustration and boredom
by the end of their stay and a
few naughty fellows were sin
gularly unimaginative in ex
pressing their subconsci ou6
urge to sink "the yellow sub
marine." It is gratifying to see
them doing public penance and
I hope they are manly enough
to apologize to Dr. Walker in
private. Nevertheless, some
thing would be wrong with stu
dents as intelligent as ours if
they were not profoundly dis
satisfied with their situation
here, when they consider how
rich an experience they might
have in one of Europe's greatest
cultural centers, the city of
Vienna.
Paradoxically, in the interest
of higher education we must
come down from the mountains.
LEWIS W. SPITZ
Professor of History
â€¢ Reaction Of Group 111
Editor, The Daily:
Stanford-in-Austria is located
60 miles, two hours, and two
dollars from Vienna, the center
of at least 80 percent of Austria's
higher culture. By round trip, a
night at the Opera is 120 miles,
seven hours, and normally more
than four dollars. Monetarily,
this trip in any frequency is
prohibitive for a substantial
"number of scholarship students;
and timewise, prohibitive for
most students. Private cars and
a sincere attempt by the admin
istration to defray costs do miti
gate some of these problems,
but they are all still partial
remedies for a sick situation:
the campus location. All other

complaints are really subordin
ate to this fundamental prob
lem. The essential remedy,
though no cure-all, is obvious;
Stanford-in-Austria should be in
Vienna.
The present location of the
campus, though scenically and
administratively attractive, is
really poor educationally. Stan
ford i6 primarily an educational
institution, and Overseas Cam
puses must fit within Stanford's
educational philosophy. Accord
ing to the Overseas Campuses
bulletin, the foreign campuses
are designed to provide the stu
dent with the opportunity of
"partaking deeply of the human
and cultural riches of Europe"
while still benefiting by Stan
ford's regular curriculum. The
phrase "partaking deeply"
throws light on Austria's prob
lems. In the context of the Uni
versity's educational responsi
bility, the "opportunity" for
culture must be more than

physical presence in a European
land. Semmering is little better
than mere "presence." Vienna,
however, is the heart of Aus
trian culture, the historical capi
tal of a once-important land.
Beyond this, it is the home of
the second oldest German uni
versity and frankly the only
place in Austria where educa
tional and cultural "oppor
tunity" takes on its full value.
My basic point is this. Re
cently Austria II has been much
criticized and, in my opinion,
much maligned. Though their
methods were sometimes mis
taken, they were aware of and
trying to do something about
a very real and important prob
lem, To be consistent with edu
cational philosophy and respon
sibility, the Austria campus
must be moved. The search for
a new campus located in greater
Vienna must begin immediately.
MARK U. EDWARDS JR.
President Austria 111


LEWIS W. SPITZ
(Editor's Note: The following
letters were sent to Charlotte
Ackerley in response to her re
cent series on Austria 11. Pro
fessor Lewis Spitz, faculty as
sociate to Austria 111, and Mark
Edwards, president of this
group, have prepared fairly com
plete reports on the present sit
uation in Semmering. The texts
of these are published in their
entirety.)
Editor, the Daily:
Several years have passed
since I last contributed to the
Daily and I must therefore at
the outset apologize for this in
excusable neglect of so power
ful an instrument for the reso
lution of international crises.
Your series of articles on the
Austrian campus, however, air
ing the views of the students
and the director, has been of
considerable interest to me as
a professor in residence. Hope
fully a statement from a faculty
member will not seem to be
without relevance to the uni
versity. Since my good friend
Professor Walker knows my
considered views on Stanford-in-
Austria, I address this open let
ter primarily to my colleagues
in the school of the humanities
concerned with undergraduate
general education.
To pretend that the trouble
with Stanford-in-Austria is not
serious will not do, for the prob
lem is fundamental and the situ
ation is critical. The Austria
campus crisis raises crucial
questions about the legitimate
educational objectives of the
program as a whole and merits
the attention of the entire fac
ulty. It seems self-evident that
an overseas study program on
the university level should be
directed toward involving our
students in the higher culture
of the host country and toward
introducing them to the people
and the central problems of
their society. The importance
attached to primary cultural
contacts with villagers in the
interest of promoting a knowl
edge of folkways or of provid
ing elementary language prac
tice is another matter. The
simple unadorned truth is that
the Austrian campus is in an
impossible location for attaining
effectively the educational ob
jectives for which the overseas
program is designed. The physi

cal and cultural isolation of this
campus is a fact that can be
neither ignored nor minimized.
Can our faculty conscien
tiously allow good students to
leave a home campus with a
lively intellectual and cultural
program for an overseas cam
pus where there is only a primi
tive level of native culture and
where the nearest stage, con
cert hall, museum, parliament,
slum, library, or suitable
churches and synagogues are
two hours away by chartered
bus and four dollars away by
train? Is the university wise in
establishing a campus in a re
sort hotel in ski country far
from the city of Vienna, the
cultural and political center of
this historic country? Does this
sort of enterprise help us in our
effort as scholars to combat the
reputation of "play school"? I
will not accept the answer that
it is not possible to find a suit-

able location within streetcar
(12c) distance of the inner city.
The opinion of well-informed
and kindly-disposed Viennese is
that an energetic, intelligent, in
formed, systematic, indepen
dent, and determined effort to
find a suitable location in Vien
na would be successful. It is
imperative that this be done
soon, before we waste more
student time and faculty talent.
Lesser institutions than ours
have superior locations! The
staff here has been expending a
great deal of energy to compen
sate as much as possible for the
hopeless location of this cam
pus, but with minimal results

due to the initial handicap. The
Semmering is useful for fine
food and luxurious shelter, and
as a point of departure.
My genial and convivial Stan
ford colleague and I found the
students of Austria II in a con
siderable boil, when we arrived
last summer. Their mood, how
ever, was clearly the result of
their situation and not, as I first
thought, the situation a result
of their mood. Most of their dif
ficulties were merely referred
pains. I happen to be very fond
of the students in Austria II
and I have a great deal of re
spect for them. Many were
ready to crawl up the walls of
the Grandhotel Panhans for
sheer frustration and boredom
by the end of their stay and a
few naughty fellows were sin
gularly unimaginative in ex
pressing their subconsci ou6
urge to sink "the yellow sub
marine." It is gratifying to see
them doing public penance and
I hope they are manly enough
to apologize to Dr. Walker in
private. Nevertheless, some
thing would be wrong with stu
dents as intelligent as ours if
they were not profoundly dis
satisfied with their situation
here, when they consider how
rich an experience they might
have in one of Europe's greatest
cultural centers, the city of
Vienna.
Paradoxically, in the interest
of higher education we must
come down from the mountains.
LEWIS W. SPITZ
Professor of History
â€¢ Reaction Of Group 111
Editor, The Daily:
Stanford-in-Austria is located
60 miles, two hours, and two
dollars from Vienna, the center
of at least 80 percent of Austria's
higher culture. By round trip, a
night at the Opera is 120 miles,
seven hours, and normally more
than four dollars. Monetarily,
this trip in any frequency is
prohibitive for a substantial
"number of scholarship students;
and timewise, prohibitive for
most students. Private cars and
a sincere attempt by the admin
istration to defray costs do miti
gate some of these problems,
but they are all still partial
remedies for a sick situation:
the campus location. All other

complaints are really subordin
ate to this fundamental prob
lem. The essential remedy,
though no cure-all, is obvious;
Stanford-in-Austria should be in
Vienna.
The present location of the
campus, though scenically and
administratively attractive, is
really poor educationally. Stan
ford i6 primarily an educational
institution, and Overseas Cam
puses must fit within Stanford's
educational philosophy. Accord
ing to the Overseas Campuses
bulletin, the foreign campuses
are designed to provide the stu
dent with the opportunity of
"partaking deeply of the human
and cultural riches of Europe"
while still benefiting by Stan
ford's regular curriculum. The
phrase "partaking deeply"
throws light on Austria's prob
lems. In the context of the Uni
versity's educational responsi
bility, the "opportunity" for
culture must be more than

physical presence in a European
land. Semmering is little better
than mere "presence." Vienna,
however, is the heart of Aus
trian culture, the historical capi
tal of a once-important land.
Beyond this, it is the home of
the second oldest German uni
versity and frankly the only
place in Austria where educa
tional and cultural "oppor
tunity" takes on its full value.
My basic point is this. Re
cently Austria II has been much
criticized and, in my opinion,
much maligned. Though their
methods were sometimes mis
taken, they were aware of and
trying to do something about
a very real and important prob
lem, To be consistent with edu
cational philosophy and respon
sibility, the Austria campus
must be moved. The search for
a new campus located in greater
Vienna must begin immediately.
MARK U. EDWARDS JR.
President Austria 111


LEWIS W. SPITZ
(Editor's Note: The following
letters were sent to Charlotte
Ackerley in response to her re
cent series on Austria 11. Pro
fessor Lewis Spitz, faculty as
sociate to Austria 111, and Mark
Edwards, president of this
group, have prepared fairly com
plete reports on the present sit
uation in Semmering. The texts
of these are published in their
entirety.)
Editor, the Daily:
Several years have passed
since I last contributed to the
Daily and I must therefore at
the outset apologize for this in
excusable neglect of so power
ful an instrument for the reso
lution of international crises.
Your series of articles on the
Austrian campus, however, air
ing the views of the students
and the director, has been of
considerable interest to me as
a professor in residence. Hope
fully a statement from a faculty
member will not seem to be
without relevance to the uni
versity. Since my good friend
Professor Walker knows my
considered views on Stanford-in-
Austria, I address this open let
ter primarily to my colleagues
in the school of the humanities
concerned with undergraduate
general education.
To pretend that the trouble
with Stanford-in-Austria is not
serious will not do, for the prob
lem is fundamental and the situ
ation is critical. The Austria
campus crisis raises crucial
questions about the legitimate
educational objectives of the
program as a whole and merits
the attention of the entire fac
ulty. It seems self-evident that
an overseas study program on
the university level should be
directed toward involving our
students in the higher culture
of the host country and toward
introducing them to the people
and the central problems of
their society. The importance
attached to primary cultural
contacts with villagers in the
interest of promoting a knowl
edge of folkways or of provid
ing elementary language prac
tice is another matter. The
simple unadorned truth is that
the Austrian campus is in an
impossible location for attaining
effectively the educational ob
jectives for which the overseas
program is designed. The physi

cal and cultural isolation of this
campus is a fact that can be
neither ignored nor minimized.
Can our faculty conscien
tiously allow good students to
leave a home campus with a
lively intellectual and cultural
program for an overseas cam
pus where there is only a primi
tive level of native culture and
where the nearest stage, con
cert hall, museum, parliament,
slum, library, or suitable
churches and synagogues are
two hours away by chartered
bus and four dollars away by
train? Is the university wise in
establishing a campus in a re
sort hotel in ski country far
from the city of Vienna, the
cultural and political center of
this historic country? Does this
sort of enterprise help us in our
effort as scholars to combat the
reputation of "play school"? I
will not accept the answer that
it is not possible to find a suit-

able location within streetcar
(12c) distance of the inner city.
The opinion of well-informed
and kindly-disposed Viennese is
that an energetic, intelligent, in
formed, systematic, indepen
dent, and determined effort to
find a suitable location in Vien
na would be successful. It is
imperative that this be done
soon, before we waste more
student time and faculty talent.
Lesser institutions than ours
have superior locations! The
staff here has been expending a
great deal of energy to compen
sate as much as possible for the
hopeless location of this cam
pus, but with minimal results

due to the initial handicap. The
Semmering is useful for fine
food and luxurious shelter, and
as a point of departure.
My genial and convivial Stan
ford colleague and I found the
students of Austria II in a con
siderable boil, when we arrived
last summer. Their mood, how
ever, was clearly the result of
their situation and not, as I first
thought, the situation a result
of their mood. Most of their dif
ficulties were merely referred
pains. I happen to be very fond
of the students in Austria II
and I have a great deal of re
spect for them. Many were
ready to crawl up the walls of
the Grandhotel Panhans for
sheer frustration and boredom
by the end of their stay and a
few naughty fellows were sin
gularly unimaginative in ex
pressing their subconsci ou6
urge to sink "the yellow sub
marine." It is gratifying to see
them doing public penance and
I hope they are manly enough
to apologize to Dr. Walker in
private. Nevertheless, some
thing would be wrong with stu
dents as intelligent as ours if
they were not profoundly dis
satisfied with their situation
here, when they consider how
rich an experience they might
have in one of Europe's greatest
cultural centers, the city of
Vienna.
Paradoxically, in the interest
of higher education we must
come down from the mountains.
LEWIS W. SPITZ
Professor of History
â€¢ Reaction Of Group 111
Editor, The Daily:
Stanford-in-Austria is located
60 miles, two hours, and two
dollars from Vienna, the center
of at least 80 percent of Austria's
higher culture. By round trip, a
night at the Opera is 120 miles,
seven hours, and normally more
than four dollars. Monetarily,
this trip in any frequency is
prohibitive for a substantial
"number of scholarship students;
and timewise, prohibitive for
most students. Private cars and
a sincere attempt by the admin
istration to defray costs do miti
gate some of these problems,
but they are all still partial
remedies for a sick situation:
the campus location. All other

complaints are really subordin
ate to this fundamental prob
lem. The essential remedy,
though no cure-all, is obvious;
Stanford-in-Austria should be in
Vienna.
The present location of the
campus, though scenically and
administratively attractive, is
really poor educationally. Stan
ford i6 primarily an educational
institution, and Overseas Cam
puses must fit within Stanford's
educational philosophy. Accord
ing to the Overseas Campuses
bulletin, the foreign campuses
are designed to provide the stu
dent with the opportunity of
"partaking deeply of the human
and cultural riches of Europe"
while still benefiting by Stan
ford's regular curriculum. The
phrase "partaking deeply"
throws light on Austria's prob
lems. In the context of the Uni
versity's educational responsi
bility, the "opportunity" for
culture must be more than

physical presence in a European
land. Semmering is little better
than mere "presence." Vienna,
however, is the heart of Aus
trian culture, the historical capi
tal of a once-important land.
Beyond this, it is the home of
the second oldest German uni
versity and frankly the only
place in Austria where educa
tional and cultural "oppor
tunity" takes on its full value.
My basic point is this. Re
cently Austria II has been much
criticized and, in my opinion,
much maligned. Though their
methods were sometimes mis
taken, they were aware of and
trying to do something about
a very real and important prob
lem, To be consistent with edu
cational philosophy and respon
sibility, the Austria campus
must be moved. The search for
a new campus located in greater
Vienna must begin immediately.
MARK U. EDWARDS JR.
President Austria 111


LEWIS W. SPITZ
(Editor's Note: The following
letters were sent to Charlotte
Ackerley in response to her re
cent series on Austria 11. Pro
fessor Lewis Spitz, faculty as
sociate to Austria 111, and Mark
Edwards, president of this
group, have prepared fairly com
plete reports on the present sit
uation in Semmering. The texts
of these are published in their
entirety.)
Editor, the Daily:
Several years have passed
since I last contributed to the
Daily and I must therefore at
the outset apologize for this in
excusable neglect of so power
ful an instrument for the reso
lution of international crises.
Your series of articles on the
Austrian campus, however, air
ing the views of the students
and the director, has been of
considerable interest to me as
a professor in residence. Hope
fully a statement from a faculty
member will not seem to be
without relevance to the uni
versity. Since my good friend
Professor Walker knows my
considered views on Stanford-in-
Austria, I address this open let
ter primarily to my colleagues
in the school of the humanities
concerned with undergraduate
general education.
To pretend that the trouble
with Stanford-in-Austria is not
serious will not do, for the prob
lem is fundamental and the situ
ation is critical. The Austria
campus crisis raises crucial
questions about the legitimate
educational objectives of the
program as a whole and merits
the attention of the entire fac
ulty. It seems self-evident that
an overseas study program on
the university level should be
directed toward involving our
students in the higher culture
of the host country and toward
introducing them to the people
and the central problems of
their society. The importance
attached to primary cultural
contacts with villagers in the
interest of promoting a knowl
edge of folkways or of provid
ing elementary language prac
tice is another matter. The
simple unadorned truth is that
the Austrian campus is in an
impossible location for attaining
effectively the educational ob
jectives for which the overseas
program is designed. The physi

cal and cultural isolation of this
campus is a fact that can be
neither ignored nor minimized.
Can our faculty conscien
tiously allow good students to
leave a home campus with a
lively intellectual and cultural
program for an overseas cam
pus where there is only a primi
tive level of native culture and
where the nearest stage, con
cert hall, museum, parliament,
slum, library, or suitable
churches and synagogues are
two hours away by chartered
bus and four dollars away by
train? Is the university wise in
establishing a campus in a re
sort hotel in ski country far
from the city of Vienna, the
cultural and political center of
this historic country? Does this
sort of enterprise help us in our
effort as scholars to combat the
reputation of "play school"? I
will not accept the answer that
it is not possible to find a suit-

able location within streetcar
(12c) distance of the inner city.
The opinion of well-informed
and kindly-disposed Viennese is
that an energetic, intelligent, in
formed, systematic, indepen
dent, and determined effort to
find a suitable location in Vien
na would be successful. It is
imperative that this be done
soon, before we waste more
student time and faculty talent.
Lesser institutions than ours
have superior locations! The
staff here has been expending a
great deal of energy to compen
sate as much as possible for the
hopeless location of this cam
pus, but with minimal results

due to the initial handicap. The
Semmering is useful for fine
food and luxurious shelter, and
as a point of departure.
My genial and convivial Stan
ford colleague and I found the
students of Austria II in a con
siderable boil, when we arrived
last summer. Their mood, how
ever, was clearly the result of
their situation and not, as I first
thought, the situation a result
of their mood. Most of their dif
ficulties were merely referred
pains. I happen to be very fond
of the students in Austria II
and I have a great deal of re
spect for them. Many were
ready to crawl up the walls of
the Grandhotel Panhans for
sheer frustration and boredom
by the end of their stay and a
few naughty fellows were sin
gularly unimaginative in ex
pressing their subconsci ou6
urge to sink "the yellow sub
marine." It is gratifying to see
them doing public penance and
I hope they are manly enough
to apologize to Dr. Walker in
private. Nevertheless, some
thing would be wrong with stu
dents as intelligent as ours if
they were not profoundly dis
satisfied with their situation
here, when they consider how
rich an experience they might
have in one of Europe's greatest
cultural centers, the city of
Vienna.
Paradoxically, in the interest
of higher education we must
come down from the mountains.
LEWIS W. SPITZ
Professor of History
â€¢ Reaction Of Group 111
Editor, The Daily:
Stanford-in-Austria is located
60 miles, two hours, and two
dollars from Vienna, the center
of at least 80 percent of Austria's
higher culture. By round trip, a
night at the Opera is 120 miles,
seven hours, and normally more
than four dollars. Monetarily,
this trip in any frequency is
prohibitive for a substantial
"number of scholarship students;
and timewise, prohibitive for
most students. Private cars and
a sincere attempt by the admin
istration to defray costs do miti
gate some of these problems,
but they are all still partial
remedies for a sick situation:
the campus location. All other

complaints are really subordin
ate to this fundamental prob
lem. The essential remedy,
though no cure-all, is obvious;
Stanford-in-Austria should be in
Vienna.
The present location of the
campus, though scenically and
administratively attractive, is
really poor educationally. Stan
ford i6 primarily an educational
institution, and Overseas Cam
puses must fit within Stanford's
educational philosophy. Accord
ing to the Overseas Campuses
bulletin, the foreign campuses
are designed to provide the stu
dent with the opportunity of
"partaking deeply of the human
and cultural riches of Europe"
while still benefiting by Stan
ford's regular curriculum. The
phrase "partaking deeply"
throws light on Austria's prob
lems. In the context of the Uni
versity's educational responsi
bility, the "opportunity" for
culture must be more than

physical presence in a European
land. Semmering is little better
than mere "presence." Vienna,
however, is the heart of Aus
trian culture, the historical capi
tal of a once-important land.
Beyond this, it is the home of
the second oldest German uni
versity and frankly the only
place in Austria where educa
tional and cultural "oppor
tunity" takes on its full value.
My basic point is this. Re
cently Austria II has been much
criticized and, in my opinion,
much maligned. Though their
methods were sometimes mis
taken, they were aware of and
trying to do something about
a very real and important prob
lem, To be consistent with edu
cational philosophy and respon
sibility, the Austria campus
must be moved. The search for
a new campus located in greater
Vienna must begin immediately.
MARK U. EDWARDS JR.
President Austria 111


LEWIS W. SPITZ
(Editor's Note: The following
letters were sent to Charlotte
Ackerley in response to her re
cent series on Austria 11. Pro
fessor Lewis Spitz, faculty as
sociate to Austria 111, and Mark
Edwards, president of this
group, have prepared fairly com
plete reports on the present sit
uation in Semmering. The texts
of these are published in their
entirety.)
Editor, the Daily:
Several years have passed
since I last contributed to the
Daily and I must therefore at
the outset apologize for this in
excusable neglect of so power
ful an instrument for the reso
lution of international crises.
Your series of articles on the
Austrian campus, however, air
ing the views of the students
and the director, has been of
considerable interest to me as
a professor in residence. Hope
fully a statement from a faculty
member will not seem to be
without relevance to the uni
versity. Since my good friend
Professor Walker knows my
considered views on Stanford-in-
Austria, I address this open let
ter primarily to my colleagues
in the school of the humanities
concerned with undergraduate
general education.
To pretend that the trouble
with Stanford-in-Austria is not
serious will not do, for the prob
lem is fundamental and the situ
ation is critical. The Austria
campus crisis raises crucial
questions about the legitimate
educational objectives of the
program as a whole and merits
the attention of the entire fac
ulty. It seems self-evident that
an overseas study program on
the university level should be
directed toward involving our
students in the higher culture
of the host country and toward
introducing them to the people
and the central problems of
their society. The importance
attached to primary cultural
contacts with villagers in the
interest of promoting a knowl
edge of folkways or of provid
ing elementary language prac
tice is another matter. The
simple unadorned truth is that
the Austrian campus is in an
impossible location for attaining
effectively the educational ob
jectives for which the overseas
program is designed. The physi

cal and cultural isolation of this
campus is a fact that can be
neither ignored nor minimized.
Can our faculty conscien
tiously allow good students to
leave a home campus with a
lively intellectual and cultural
program for an overseas cam
pus where there is only a primi
tive level of native culture and
where the nearest stage, con
cert hall, museum, parliament,
slum, library, or suitable
churches and synagogues are
two hours away by chartered
bus and four dollars away by
train? Is the university wise in
establishing a campus in a re
sort hotel in ski country far
from the city of Vienna, the
cultural and political center of
this historic country? Does this
sort of enterprise help us in our
effort as scholars to combat the
reputation of "play school"? I
will not accept the answer that
it is not possible to find a suit-

able location within streetcar
(12c) distance of the inner city.
The opinion of well-informed
and kindly-disposed Viennese is
that an energetic, intelligent, in
formed, systematic, indepen
dent, and determined effort to
find a suitable location in Vien
na would be successful. It is
imperative that this be done
soon, before we waste more
student time and faculty talent.
Lesser institutions than ours
have superior locations! The
staff here has been expending a
great deal of energy to compen
sate as much as possible for the
hopeless location of this cam
pus, but with minimal results

due to the initial handicap. The
Semmering is useful for fine
food and luxurious shelter, and
as a point of departure.
My genial and convivial Stan
ford colleague and I found the
students of Austria II in a con
siderable boil, when we arrived
last summer. Their mood, how
ever, was clearly the result of
their situation and not, as I first
thought, the situation a result
of their mood. Most of their dif
ficulties were merely referred
pains. I happen to be very fond
of the students in Austria II
and I have a great deal of re
spect for them. Many were
ready to crawl up the walls of
the Grandhotel Panhans for
sheer frustration and boredom
by the end of their stay and a
few naughty fellows were sin
gularly unimaginative in ex
pressing their subconsci ou6
urge to sink "the yellow sub
marine." It is gratifying to see
them doing public penance and
I hope they are manly enough
to apologize to Dr. Walker in
private. Nevertheless, some
thing would be wrong with stu
dents as intelligent as ours if
they were not profoundly dis
satisfied with their situation
here, when they consider how
rich an experience they might
have in one of Europe's greatest
cultural centers, the city of
Vienna.
Paradoxically, in the interest
of higher education we must
come down from the mountains.
LEWIS W. SPITZ
Professor of History
â€¢ Reaction Of Group 111
Editor, The Daily:
Stanford-in-Austria is located
60 miles, two hours, and two
dollars from Vienna, the center
of at least 80 percent of Austria's
higher culture. By round trip, a
night at the Opera is 120 miles,
seven hours, and normally more
than four dollars. Monetarily,
this trip in any frequency is
prohibitive for a substantial
"number of scholarship students;
and timewise, prohibitive for
most students. Private cars and
a sincere attempt by the admin
istration to defray costs do miti
gate some of these problems,
but they are all still partial
remedies for a sick situation:
the campus location. All other

complaints are really subordin
ate to this fundamental prob
lem. The essential remedy,
though no cure-all, is obvious;
Stanford-in-Austria should be in
Vienna.
The present location of the
campus, though scenically and
administratively attractive, is
really poor educationally. Stan
ford i6 primarily an educational
institution, and Overseas Cam
puses must fit within Stanford's
educational philosophy. Accord
ing to the Overseas Campuses
bulletin, the foreign campuses
are designed to provide the stu
dent with the opportunity of
"partaking deeply of the human
and cultural riches of Europe"
while still benefiting by Stan
ford's regular curriculum. The
phrase "partaking deeply"
throws light on Austria's prob
lems. In the context of the Uni
versity's educational responsi
bility, the "opportunity" for
culture must be more than

physical presence in a European
land. Semmering is little better
than mere "presence." Vienna,
however, is the heart of Aus
trian culture, the historical capi
tal of a once-important land.
Beyond this, it is the home of
the second oldest German uni
versity and frankly the only
place in Austria where educa
tional and cultural "oppor
tunity" takes on its full value.
My basic point is this. Re
cently Austria II has been much
criticized and, in my opinion,
much maligned. Though their
methods were sometimes mis
taken, they were aware of and
trying to do something about
a very real and important prob
lem, To be consistent with edu
cational philosophy and respon
sibility, the Austria campus
must be moved. The search for
a new campus located in greater
Vienna must begin immediately.
MARK U. EDWARDS JR.
President Austria 111


LEWIS W. SPITZ
(Editor's Note: The following
letters were sent to Charlotte
Ackerley in response to her re
cent series on Austria 11. Pro
fessor Lewis Spitz, faculty as
sociate to Austria 111, and Mark
Edwards, president of this
group, have prepared fairly com
plete reports on the present sit
uation in Semmering. The texts
of these are published in their
entirety.)
Editor, the Daily:
Several years have passed
since I last contributed to the
Daily and I must therefore at
the outset apologize for this in
excusable neglect of so power
ful an instrument for the reso
lution of international crises.
Your series of articles on the
Austrian campus, however, air
ing the views of the students
and the director, has been of
considerable interest to me as
a professor in residence. Hope
fully a statement from a faculty
member will not seem to be
without relevance to the uni
versity. Since my good friend
Professor Walker knows my
considered views on Stanford-in-
Austria, I address this open let
ter primarily to my colleagues
in the school of the humanities
concerned with undergraduate
general education.
To pretend that the trouble
with Stanford-in-Austria is not
serious will not do, for the prob
lem is fundamental and the situ
ation is critical. The Austria
campus crisis raises crucial
questions about the legitimate
educational objectives of the
program as a whole and merits
the attention of the entire fac
ulty. It seems self-evident that
an overseas study program on
the university level should be
directed toward involving our
students in the higher culture
of the host country and toward
introducing them to the people
and the central problems of
their society. The importance
attached to primary cultural
contacts with villagers in the
interest of promoting a knowl
edge of folkways or of provid
ing elementary language prac
tice is another matter. The
simple unadorned truth is that
the Austrian campus is in an
impossible location for attaining
effectively the educational ob
jectives for which the overseas
program is designed. The physi

cal and cultural isolation of this
campus is a fact that can be
neither ignored nor minimized.
Can our faculty conscien
tiously allow good students to
leave a home campus with a
lively intellectual and cultural
program for an overseas cam
pus where there is only a primi
tive level of native culture and
where the nearest stage, con
cert hall, museum, parliament,
slum, library, or suitable
churches and synagogues are
two hours away by chartered
bus and four dollars away by
train? Is the university wise in
establishing a campus in a re
sort hotel in ski country far
from the city of Vienna, the
cultural and political center of
this historic country? Does this
sort of enterprise help us in our
effort as scholars to combat the
reputation of "play school"? I
will not accept the answer that
it is not possible to find a suit-

able location within streetcar
(12c) distance of the inner city.
The opinion of well-informed
and kindly-disposed Viennese is
that an energetic, intelligent, in
formed, systematic, indepen
dent, and determined effort to
find a suitable location in Vien
na would be successful. It is
imperative that this be done
soon, before we waste more
student time and faculty talent.
Lesser institutions than ours
have superior locations! The
staff here has been expending a
great deal of energy to compen
sate as much as possible for the
hopeless location of this cam
pus, but with minimal results

due to the initial handicap. The
Semmering is useful for fine
food and luxurious shelter, and
as a point of departure.
My genial and convivial Stan
ford colleague and I found the
students of Austria II in a con
siderable boil, when we arrived
last summer. Their mood, how
ever, was clearly the result of
their situation and not, as I first
thought, the situation a result
of their mood. Most of their dif
ficulties were merely referred
pains. I happen to be very fond
of the students in Austria II
and I have a great deal of re
spect for them. Many were
ready to crawl up the walls of
the Grandhotel Panhans for
sheer frustration and boredom
by the end of their stay and a
few naughty fellows were sin
gularly unimaginative in ex
pressing their subconsci ou6
urge to sink "the yellow sub
marine." It is gratifying to see
them doing public penance and
I hope they are manly enough
to apologize to Dr. Walker in
private. Nevertheless, some
thing would be wrong with stu
dents as intelligent as ours if
they were not profoundly dis
satisfied with their situation
here, when they consider how
rich an experience they might
have in one of Europe's greatest
cultural centers, the city of
Vienna.
Paradoxically, in the interest
of higher education we must
come down from the mountains.
LEWIS W. SPITZ
Professor of History
â€¢ Reaction Of Group 111
Editor, The Daily:
Stanford-in-Austria is located
60 miles, two hours, and two
dollars from Vienna, the center
of at least 80 percent of Austria's
higher culture. By round trip, a
night at the Opera is 120 miles,
seven hours, and normally more
than four dollars. Monetarily,
this trip in any frequency is
prohibitive for a substantial
"number of scholarship students;
and timewise, prohibitive for
most students. Private cars and
a sincere attempt by the admin
istration to defray costs do miti
gate some of these problems,
but they are all still partial
remedies for a sick situation:
the campus location. All other

complaints are really subordin
ate to this fundamental prob
lem. The essential remedy,
though no cure-all, is obvious;
Stanford-in-Austria should be in
Vienna.
The present location of the
campus, though scenically and
administratively attractive, is
really poor educationally. Stan
ford i6 primarily an educational
institution, and Overseas Cam
puses must fit within Stanford's
educational philosophy. Accord
ing to the Overseas Campuses
bulletin, the foreign campuses
are designed to provide the stu
dent with the opportunity of
"partaking deeply of the human
and cultural riches of Europe"
while still benefiting by Stan
ford's regular curriculum. The
phrase "partaking deeply"
throws light on Austria's prob
lems. In the context of the Uni
versity's educational responsi
bility, the "opportunity" for
culture must be more than

physical presence in a European
land. Semmering is little better
than mere "presence." Vienna,
however, is the heart of Aus
trian culture, the historical capi
tal of a once-important land.
Beyond this, it is the home of
the second oldest German uni
versity and frankly the only
place in Austria where educa
tional and cultural "oppor
tunity" takes on its full value.
My basic point is this. Re
cently Austria II has been much
criticized and, in my opinion,
much maligned. Though their
methods were sometimes mis
taken, they were aware of and
trying to do something about
a very real and important prob
lem, To be consistent with edu
cational philosophy and respon
sibility, the Austria campus
must be moved. The search for
a new campus located in greater
Vienna must begin immediately.
MARK U. EDWARDS JR.
President Austria 111


LEWIS W. SPITZ
(Editor's Note: The following
letters were sent to Charlotte
Ackerley in response to her re
cent series on Austria 11. Pro
fessor Lewis Spitz, faculty as
sociate to Austria 111, and Mark
Edwards, president of this
group, have prepared fairly com
plete reports on the present sit
uation in Semmering. The texts
of these are published in their
entirety.)
Editor, the Daily:
Several years have passed
since I last contributed to the
Daily and I must therefore at
the outset apologize for this in
excusable neglect of so power
ful an instrument for the reso
lution of international crises.
Your series of articles on the
Austrian campus, however, air
ing the views of the students
and the director, has been of
considerable interest to me as
a professor in residence. Hope
fully a statement from a faculty
member will not seem to be
without relevance to the uni
versity. Since my good friend
Professor Walker knows my
considered views on Stanford-in-
Austria, I address this open let
ter primarily to my colleagues
in the school of the humanities
concerned with undergraduate
general education.
To pretend that the trouble
with Stanford-in-Austria is not
serious will not do, for the prob
lem is fundamental and the situ
ation is critical. The Austria
campus crisis raises crucial
questions about the legitimate
educational objectives of the
program as a whole and merits
the attention of the entire fac
ulty. It seems self-evident that
an overseas study program on
the university level should be
directed toward involving our
students in the higher culture
of the host country and toward
introducing them to the people
and the central problems of
their society. The importance
attached to primary cultural
contacts with villagers in the
interest of promoting a knowl
edge of folkways or of provid
ing elementary language prac
tice is another matter. The
simple unadorned truth is that
the Austrian campus is in an
impossible location for attaining
effectively the educational ob
jectives for which the overseas
program is designed. The physi

cal and cultural isolation of this
campus is a fact that can be
neither ignored nor minimized.
Can our faculty conscien
tiously allow good students to
leave a home campus with a
lively intellectual and cultural
program for an overseas cam
pus where there is only a primi
tive level of native culture and
where the nearest stage, con
cert hall, museum, parliament,
slum, library, or suitable
churches and synagogues are
two hours away by chartered
bus and four dollars away by
train? Is the university wise in
establishing a campus in a re
sort hotel in ski country far
from the city of Vienna, the
cultural and political center of
this historic country? Does this
sort of enterprise help us in our
effort as scholars to combat the
reputation of "play school"? I
will not accept the answer that
it is not possible to find a suit-

able location within streetcar
(12c) distance of the inner city.
The opinion of well-informed
and kindly-disposed Viennese is
that an energetic, intelligent, in
formed, systematic, indepen
dent, and determined effort to
find a suitable location in Vien
na would be successful. It is
imperative that this be done
soon, before we waste more
student time and faculty talent.
Lesser institutions than ours
have superior locations! The
staff here has been expending a
great deal of energy to compen
sate as much as possible for the
hopeless location of this cam
pus, but with minimal results

due to the initial handicap. The
Semmering is useful for fine
food and luxurious shelter, and
as a point of departure.
My genial and convivial Stan
ford colleague and I found the
students of Austria II in a con
siderable boil, when we arrived
last summer. Their mood, how
ever, was clearly the result of
their situation and not, as I first
thought, the situation a result
of their mood. Most of their dif
ficulties were merely referred
pains. I happen to be very fond
of the students in Austria II
and I have a great deal of re
spect for them. Many were
ready to crawl up the walls of
the Grandhotel Panhans for
sheer frustration and boredom
by the end of their stay and a
few naughty fellows were sin
gularly unimaginative in ex
pressing their subconsci ou6
urge to sink "the yellow sub
marine." It is gratifying to see
them doing public penance and
I hope they are manly enough
to apologize to Dr. Walker in
private. Nevertheless, some
thing would be wrong with stu
dents as intelligent as ours if
they were not profoundly dis
satisfied with their situation
here, when they consider how
rich an experience they might
have in one of Europe's greatest
cultural centers, the city of
Vienna.
Paradoxically, in the interest
of higher education we must
come down from the mountains.
LEWIS W. SPITZ
Professor of History
â€¢ Reaction Of Group 111
Editor, The Daily:
Stanford-in-Austria is located
60 miles, two hours, and two
dollars from Vienna, the center
of at least 80 percent of Austria's
higher culture. By round trip, a
night at the Opera is 120 miles,
seven hours, and normally more
than four dollars. Monetarily,
this trip in any frequency is
prohibitive for a substantial
"number of scholarship students;
and timewise, prohibitive for
most students. Private cars and
a sincere attempt by the admin
istration to defray costs do miti
gate some of these problems,
but they are all still partial
remedies for a sick situation:
the campus location. All other

complaints are really subordin
ate to this fundamental prob
lem. The essential remedy,
though no cure-all, is obvious;
Stanford-in-Austria should be in
Vienna.
The present location of the
campus, though scenically and
administratively attractive, is
really poor educationally. Stan
ford i6 primarily an educational
institution, and Overseas Cam
puses must fit within Stanford's
educational philosophy. Accord
ing to the Overseas Campuses
bulletin, the foreign campuses
are designed to provide the stu
dent with the opportunity of
"partaking deeply of the human
and cultural riches of Europe"
while still benefiting by Stan
ford's regular curriculum. The
phrase "partaking deeply"
throws light on Austria's prob
lems. In the context of the Uni
versity's educational responsi
bility, the "opportunity" for
culture must be more than

physical presence in a European
land. Semmering is little better
than mere "presence." Vienna,
however, is the heart of Aus
trian culture, the historical capi
tal of a once-important land.
Beyond this, it is the home of
the second oldest German uni
versity and frankly the only
place in Austria where educa
tional and cultural "oppor
tunity" takes on its full value.
My basic point is this. Re
cently Austria II has been much
criticized and, in my opinion,
much maligned. Though their
methods were sometimes mis
taken, they were aware of and
trying to do something about
a very real and important prob
lem, To be consistent with edu
cational philosophy and respon
sibility, the Austria campus
must be moved. The search for
a new campus located in greater
Vienna must begin immediately.
MARK U. EDWARDS JR.
President Austria 111


LEWIS W. SPITZ
(Editor's Note: The following
letters were sent to Charlotte
Ackerley in response to her re
cent series on Austria 11. Pro
fessor Lewis Spitz, faculty as
sociate to Austria 111, and Mark
Edwards, president of this
group, have prepared fairly com
plete reports on the present sit
uation in Semmering. The texts
of these are published in their
entirety.)
Editor, the Daily:
Several years have passed
since I last contributed to the
Daily and I must therefore at
the outset apologize for this in
excusable neglect of so power
ful an instrument for the reso
lution of international crises.
Your series of articles on the
Austrian campus, however, air
ing the views of the students
and the director, has been of
considerable interest to me as
a professor in residence. Hope
fully a statement from a faculty
member will not seem to be
without relevance to the uni
versity. Since my good friend
Professor Walker knows my
considered views on Stanford-in-
Austria, I address this open let
ter primarily to my colleagues
in the school of the humanities
concerned with undergraduate
general education.
To pretend that the trouble
with Stanford-in-Austria is not
serious will not do, for the prob
lem is fundamental and the situ
ation is critical. The Austria
campus crisis raises crucial
questions about the legitimate
educational objectives of the
program as a whole and merits
the attention of the entire fac
ulty. It seems self-evident that
an overseas study program on
the university level should be
directed toward involving our
students in the higher culture
of the host country and toward
introducing them to the people
and the central problems of
their society. The importance
attached to primary cultural
contacts with villagers in the
interest of promoting a knowl
edge of folkways or of provid
ing elementary language prac
tice is another matter. The
simple unadorned truth is that
the Austrian campus is in an
impossible location for attaining
effectively the educational ob
jectives for which the overseas
program is designed. The physi

cal and cultural isolation of this
campus is a fact that can be
neither ignored nor minimized.
Can our faculty conscien
tiously allow good students to
leave a home campus with a
lively intellectual and cultural
program for an overseas cam
pus where there is only a primi
tive level of native culture and
where the nearest stage, con
cert hall, museum, parliament,
slum, library, or suitable
churches and synagogues are
two hours away by chartered
bus and four dollars away by
train? Is the university wise in
establishing a campus in a re
sort hotel in ski country far
from the city of Vienna, the
cultural and political center of
this historic country? Does this
sort of enterprise help us in our
effort as scholars to combat the
reputation of "play school"? I
will not accept the answer that
it is not possible to find a suit-

able location within streetcar
(12c) distance of the inner city.
The opinion of well-informed
and kindly-disposed Viennese is
that an energetic, intelligent, in
formed, systematic, indepen
dent, and determined effort to
find a suitable location in Vien
na would be successful. It is
imperative that this be done
soon, before we waste more
student time and faculty talent.
Lesser institutions than ours
have superior locations! The
staff here has been expending a
great deal of energy to compen
sate as much as possible for the
hopeless location of this cam
pus, but with minimal results

due to the initial handicap. The
Semmering is useful for fine
food and luxurious shelter, and
as a point of departure.
My genial and convivial Stan
ford colleague and I found the
students of Austria II in a con
siderable boil, when we arrived
last summer. Their mood, how
ever, was clearly the result of
their situation and not, as I first
thought, the situation a result
of their mood. Most of their dif
ficulties were merely referred
pains. I happen to be very fond
of the students in Austria II
and I have a great deal of re
spect for them. Many were
ready to crawl up the walls of
the Grandhotel Panhans for
sheer frustration and boredom
by the end of their stay and a
few naughty fellows were sin
gularly unimaginative in ex
pressing their subconsci ou6
urge to sink "the yellow sub
marine." It is gratifying to see
them doing public penance and
I hope they are manly enough
to apologize to Dr. Walker in
private. Nevertheless, some
thing would be wrong with stu
dents as intelligent as ours if
they were not profoundly dis
satisfied with their situation
here, when they consider how
rich an experience they might
have in one of Europe's greatest
cultural centers, the city of
Vienna.
Paradoxically, in the interest
of higher education we must
come down from the mountains.
LEWIS W. SPITZ
Professor of History
â€¢ Reaction Of Group 111
Editor, The Daily:
Stanford-in-Austria is located
60 miles, two hours, and two
dollars from Vienna, the center
of at least 80 percent of Austria's
higher culture. By round trip, a
night at the Opera is 120 miles,
seven hours, and normally more
than four dollars. Monetarily,
this trip in any frequency is
prohibitive for a substantial
"number of scholarship students;
and timewise, prohibitive for
most students. Private cars and
a sincere attempt by the admin
istration to defray costs do miti
gate some of these problems,
but they are all still partial
remedies for a sick situation:
the campus location. All other

complaints are really subordin
ate to this fundamental prob
lem. The essential remedy,
though no cure-all, is obvious;
Stanford-in-Austria should be in
Vienna.
The present location of the
campus, though scenically and
administratively attractive, is
really poor educationally. Stan
ford i6 primarily an educational
institution, and Overseas Cam
puses must fit within Stanford's
educational philosophy. Accord
ing to the Overseas Campuses
bulletin, the foreign campuses
are designed to provide the stu
dent with the opportunity of
"partaking deeply of the human
and cultural riches of Europe"
while still benefiting by Stan
ford's regular curriculum. The
phrase "partaking deeply"
throws light on Austria's prob
lems. In the context of the Uni
versity's educational responsi
bility, the "opportunity" for
culture must be more than

physical presence in a European
land. Semmering is little better
than mere "presence." Vienna,
however, is the heart of Aus
trian culture, the historical capi
tal of a once-important land.
Beyond this, it is the home of
the second oldest German uni
versity and frankly the only
place in Austria where educa
tional and cultural "oppor
tunity" takes on its full value.
My basic point is this. Re
cently Austria II has been much
criticized and, in my opinion,
much maligned. Though their
methods were sometimes mis
taken, they were aware of and
trying to do something about
a very real and important prob
lem, To be consistent with edu
cational philosophy and respon
sibility, the Austria campus
must be moved. The search for
a new campus located in greater
Vienna must begin immediately.
MARK U. EDWARDS JR.
President Austria 111


LEWIS W. SPITZ
(Editor's Note: The following
letters were sent to Charlotte
Ackerley in response to her re
cent series on Austria 11. Pro
fessor Lewis Spitz, faculty as
sociate to Austria 111, and Mark
Edwards, president of this
group, have prepared fairly com
plete reports on the present sit
uation in Semmering. The texts
of these are published in their
entirety.)
Editor, the Daily:
Several years have passed
since I last contributed to the
Daily and I must therefore at
the outset apologize for this in
excusable neglect of so power
ful an instrument for the reso
lution of international crises.
Your series of articles on the
Austrian campus, however, air
ing the views of the students
and the director, has been of
considerable interest to me as
a professor in residence. Hope
fully a statement from a faculty
member will not seem to be
without relevance to the uni
versity. Since my good friend
Professor Walker knows my
considered views on Stanford-in-
Austria, I address this open let
ter primarily to my colleagues
in the school of the humanities
concerned with undergraduate
general education.
To pretend that the trouble
with Stanford-in-Austria is not
serious will not do, for the prob
lem is fundamental and the situ
ation is critical. The Austria
campus crisis raises crucial
questions about the legitimate
educational objectives of the
program as a whole and merits
the attention of the entire fac
ulty. It seems self-evident that
an overseas study program on
the university level should be
directed toward involving our
students in the higher culture
of the host country and toward
introducing them to the people
and the central problems of
their society. The importance
attached to primary cultural
contacts with villagers in the
interest of promoting a knowl
edge of folkways or of provid
ing elementary language prac
tice is another matter. The
simple unadorned truth is that
the Austrian campus is in an
impossible location for attaining
effectively the educational ob
jectives for which the overseas
program is designed. The physi

cal and cultural isolation of this
campus is a fact that can be
neither ignored nor minimized.
Can our faculty conscien
tiously allow good students to
leave a home campus with a
lively intellectual and cultural
program for an overseas cam
pus where there is only a primi
tive level of native culture and
where the nearest stage, con
cert hall, museum, parliament,
slum, library, or suitable
churches and synagogues are
two hours away by chartered
bus and four dollars away by
train? Is the university wise in
establishing a campus in a re
sort hotel in ski country far
from the city of Vienna, the
cultural and political center of
this historic country? Does this
sort of enterprise help us in our
effort as scholars to combat the
reputation of "play school"? I
will not accept the answer that
it is not possible to find a suit-

able location within streetcar
(12c) distance of the inner city.
The opinion of well-informed
and kindly-disposed Viennese is
that an energetic, intelligent, in
formed, systematic, indepen
dent, and determined effort to
find a suitable location in Vien
na would be successful. It is
imperative that this be done
soon, before we waste more
student time and faculty talent.
Lesser institutions than ours
have superior locations! The
staff here has been expending a
great deal of energy to compen
sate as much as possible for the
hopeless location of this cam
pus, but with minimal results

due to the initial handicap. The
Semmering is useful for fine
food and luxurious shelter, and
as a point of departure.
My genial and convivial Stan
ford colleague and I found the
students of Austria II in a con
siderable boil, when we arrived
last summer. Their mood, how
ever, was clearly the result of
their situation and not, as I first
thought, the situation a result
of their mood. Most of their dif
ficulties were merely referred
pains. I happen to be very fond
of the students in Austria II
and I have a great deal of re
spect for them. Many were
ready to crawl up the walls of
the Grandhotel Panhans for
sheer frustration and boredom
by the end of their stay and a
few naughty fellows were sin
gularly unimaginative in ex
pressing their subconsci ou6
urge to sink "the yellow sub
marine." It is gratifying to see
them doing public penance and
I hope they are manly enough
to apologize to Dr. Walker in
private. Nevertheless, some
thing would be wrong with stu
dents as intelligent as ours if
they were not profoundly dis
satisfied with their situation
here, when they consider how
rich an experience they might
have in one of Europe's greatest
cultural centers, the city of
Vienna.
Paradoxically, in the interest
of higher education we must
come down from the mountains.
LEWIS W. SPITZ
Professor of History
â€¢ Reaction Of Group 111
Editor, The Daily:
Stanford-in-Austria is located
60 miles, two hours, and two
dollars from Vienna, the center
of at least 80 percent of Austria's
higher culture. By round trip, a
night at the Opera is 120 miles,
seven hours, and normally more
than four dollars. Monetarily,
this trip in any frequency is
prohibitive for a substantial
"number of scholarship students;
and timewise, prohibitive for
most students. Private cars and
a sincere attempt by the admin
istration to defray costs do miti
gate some of these problems,
but they are all still partial
remedies for a sick situation:
the campus location. All other

complaints are really subordin
ate to this fundamental prob
lem. The essential remedy,
though no cure-all, is obvious;
Stanford-in-Austria should be in
Vienna.
The present location of the
campus, though scenically and
administratively attractive, is
really poor educationally. Stan
ford i6 primarily an educational
institution, and Overseas Cam
puses must fit within Stanford's
educational philosophy. Accord
ing to the Overseas Campuses
bulletin, the foreign campuses
are designed to provide the stu
dent with the opportunity of
"partaking deeply of the human
and cultural riches of Europe"
while still benefiting by Stan
ford's regular curriculum. The
phrase "partaking deeply"
throws light on Austria's prob
lems. In the context of the Uni
versity's educational responsi
bility, the "opportunity" for
culture must be more than

physical presence in a European
land. Semmering is little better
than mere "presence." Vienna,
however, is the heart of Aus
trian culture, the historical capi
tal of a once-important land.
Beyond this, it is the home of
the second oldest German uni
versity and frankly the only
place in Austria where educa
tional and cultural "oppor
tunity" takes on its full value.
My basic point is this. Re
cently Austria II has been much
criticized and, in my opinion,
much maligned. Though their
methods were sometimes mis
taken, they were aware of and
trying to do something about
a very real and important prob
lem, To be consistent with edu
cational philosophy and respon
sibility, the Austria campus
must be moved. The search for
a new campus located in greater
Vienna must begin immediately.
MARK U. EDWARDS JR.
President Austria 111


LEWIS W. SPITZ
(Editor's Note: The following
letters were sent to Charlotte
Ackerley in response to her re
cent series on Austria 11. Pro
fessor Lewis Spitz, faculty as
sociate to Austria 111, and Mark
Edwards, president of this
group, have prepared fairly com
plete reports on the present sit
uation in Semmering. The texts
of these are published in their
entirety.)
Editor, the Daily:
Several years have passed
since I last contributed to the
Daily and I must therefore at
the outset apologize for this in
excusable neglect of so power
ful an instrument for the reso
lution of international crises.
Your series of articles on the
Austrian campus, however, air
ing the views of the students
and the director, has been of
considerable interest to me as
a professor in residence. Hope
fully a statement from a faculty
member will not seem to be
without relevance to the uni
versity. Since my good friend
Professor Walker knows my
considered views on Stanford-in-
Austria, I address this open let
ter primarily to my colleagues
in the school of the humanities
concerned with undergraduate
general education.
To pretend that the trouble
with Stanford-in-Austria is not
serious will not do, for the prob
lem is fundamental and the situ
ation is critical. The Austria
campus crisis raises crucial
questions about the legitimate
educational objectives of the
program as a whole and merits
the attention of the entire fac
ulty. It seems self-evident that
an overseas study program on
the university level should be
directed toward involving our
students in the higher culture
of the host country and toward
introducing them to the people
and the central problems of
their society. The importance
attached to primary cultural
contacts with villagers in the
interest of promoting a knowl
edge of folkways or of provid
ing elementary language prac
tice is another matter. The
simple unadorned truth is that
the Austrian campus is in an
impossible location for attaining
effectively the educational ob
jectives for which the overseas
program is designed. The physi

cal and cultural isolation of this
campus is a fact that can be
neither ignored nor minimized.
Can our faculty conscien
tiously allow good students to
leave a home campus with a
lively intellectual and cultural
program for an overseas cam
pus where there is only a primi
tive level of native culture and
where the nearest stage, con
cert hall, museum, parliament,
slum, library, or suitable
churches and synagogues are
two hours away by chartered
bus and four dollars away by
train? Is the university wise in
establishing a campus in a re
sort hotel in ski country far
from the city of Vienna, the
cultural and political center of
this historic country? Does this
sort of enterprise help us in our
effort as scholars to combat the
reputation of "play school"? I
will not accept the answer that
it is not possible to find a suit-

able location within streetcar
(12c) distance of the inner city.
The opinion of well-informed
and kindly-disposed Viennese is
that an energetic, intelligent, in
formed, systematic, indepen
dent, and determined effort to
find a suitable location in Vien
na would be successful. It is
imperative that this be done
soon, before we waste more
student time and faculty talent.
Lesser institutions than ours
have superior locations! The
staff here has been expending a
great deal of energy to compen
sate as much as possible for the
hopeless location of this cam
pus, but with minimal results

due to the initial handicap. The
Semmering is useful for fine
food and luxurious shelter, and
as a point of departure.
My genial and convivial Stan
ford colleague and I found the
students of Austria II in a con
siderable boil, when we arrived
last summer. Their mood, how
ever, was clearly the result of
their situation and not, as I first
thought, the situation a result
of their mood. Most of their dif
ficulties were merely referred
pains. I happen to be very fond
of the students in Austria II
and I have a great deal of re
spect for them. Many were
ready to crawl up the walls of
the Grandhotel Panhans for
sheer frustration and boredom
by the end of their stay and a
few naughty fellows were sin
gularly unimaginative in ex
pressing their subconsci ou6
urge to sink "the yellow sub
marine." It is gratifying to see
them doing public penance and
I hope they are manly enough
to apologize to Dr. Walker in
private. Nevertheless, some
thing would be wrong with stu
dents as intelligent as ours if
they were not profoundly dis
satisfied with their situation
here, when they consider how
rich an experience they might
have in one of Europe's greatest
cultural centers, the city of
Vienna.
Paradoxically, in the interest
of higher education we must
come down from the mountains.
LEWIS W. SPITZ
Professor of History
â€¢ Reaction Of Group 111
Editor, The Daily:
Stanford-in-Austria is located
60 miles, two hours, and two
dollars from Vienna, the center
of at least 80 percent of Austria's
higher culture. By round trip, a
night at the Opera is 120 miles,
seven hours, and normally more
than four dollars. Monetarily,
this trip in any frequency is
prohibitive for a substantial
"number of scholarship students;
and timewise, prohibitive for
most students. Private cars and
a sincere attempt by the admin
istration to defray costs do miti
gate some of these problems,
but they are all still partial
remedies for a sick situation:
the campus location. All other

complaints are really subordin
ate to this fundamental prob
lem. The essential remedy,
though no cure-all, is obvious;
Stanford-in-Austria should be in
Vienna.
The present location of the
campus, though scenically and
administratively attractive, is
really poor educationally. Stan
ford i6 primarily an educational
institution, and Overseas Cam
puses must fit within Stanford's
educational philosophy. Accord
ing to the Overseas Campuses
bulletin, the foreign campuses
are designed to provide the stu
dent with the opportunity of
"partaking deeply of the human
and cultural riches of Europe"
while still benefiting by Stan
ford's regular curriculum. The
phrase "partaking deeply"
throws light on Austria's prob
lems. In the context of the Uni
versity's educational responsi
bility, the "opportunity" for
culture must be more than

physical presence in a European
land. Semmering is little better
than mere "presence." Vienna,
however, is the heart of Aus
trian culture, the historical capi
tal of a once-important land.
Beyond this, it is the home of
the second oldest German uni
versity and frankly the only
place in Austria where educa
tional and cultural "oppor
tunity" takes on its full value.
My basic point is this. Re
cently Austria II has been much
criticized and, in my opinion,
much maligned. Though their
methods were sometimes mis
taken, they were aware of and
trying to do something about
a very real and important prob
lem, To be consistent with edu
cational philosophy and respon
sibility, the Austria campus
must be moved. The search for
a new campus located in greater
Vienna must begin immediately.
MARK U. EDWARDS JR.
President Austria 111


LEWIS W. SPITZ
(Editor's Note: The following
letters were sent to Charlotte
Ackerley in response to her re
cent series on Austria 11. Pro
fessor Lewis Spitz, faculty as
sociate to Austria 111, and Mark
Edwards, president of this
group, have prepared fairly com
plete reports on the present sit
uation in Semmering. The texts
of these are published in their
entirety.)
Editor, the Daily:
Several years have passed
since I last contributed to the
Daily and I must therefore at
the outset apologize for this in
excusable neglect of so power
ful an instrument for the reso
lution of international crises.
Your series of articles on the
Austrian campus, however, air
ing the views of the students
and the director, has been of
considerable interest to me as
a professor in residence. Hope
fully a statement from a faculty
member will not seem to be
without relevance to the uni
versity. Since my good friend
Professor Walker knows my
considered views on Stanford-in-
Austria, I address this open let
ter primarily to my colleagues
in the school of the humanities
concerned with undergraduate
general education.
To pretend that the trouble
with Stanford-in-Austria is not
serious will not do, for the prob
lem is fundamental and the situ
ation is critical. The Austria
campus crisis raises crucial
questions about the legitimate
educational objectives of the
program as a whole and merits
the attention of the entire fac
ulty. It seems self-evident that
an overseas study program on
the university level should be
directed toward involving our
students in the higher culture
of the host country and toward
introducing them to the people
and the central problems of
their society. The importance
attached to primary cultural
contacts with villagers in the
interest of promoting a knowl
edge of folkways or of provid
ing elementary language prac
tice is another matter. The
simple unadorned truth is that
the Austrian campus is in an
impossible location for attaining
effectively the educational ob
jectives for which the overseas
program is designed. The physi

cal and cultural isolation of this
campus is a fact that can be
neither ignored nor minimized.
Can our faculty conscien
tiously allow good students to
leave a home campus with a
lively intellectual and cultural
program for an overseas cam
pus where there is only a primi
tive level of native culture and
where the nearest stage, con
cert hall, museum, parliament,
slum, library, or suitable
churches and synagogues are
two hours away by chartered
bus and four dollars away by
train? Is the university wise in
establishing a campus in a re
sort hotel in ski country far
from the city of Vienna, the
cultural and political center of
this historic country? Does this
sort of enterprise help us in our
effort as scholars to combat the
reputation of "play school"? I
will not accept the answer that
it is not possible to find a suit-

able location within streetcar
(12c) distance of the inner city.
The opinion of well-informed
and kindly-disposed Viennese is
that an energetic, intelligent, in
formed, systematic, indepen
dent, and determined effort to
find a suitable location in Vien
na would be successful. It is
imperative that this be done
soon, before we waste more
student time and faculty talent.
Lesser institutions than ours
have superior locations! The
staff here has been expending a
great deal of energy to compen
sate as much as possible for the
hopeless location of this cam
pus, but with minimal results

due to the initial handicap. The
Semmering is useful for fine
food and luxurious shelter, and
as a point of departure.
My genial and convivial Stan
ford colleague and I found the
students of Austria II in a con
siderable boil, when we arrived
last summer. Their mood, how
ever, was clearly the result of
their situation and not, as I first
thought, the situation a result
of their mood. Most of their dif
ficulties were merely referred
pains. I happen to be very fond
of the students in Austria II
and I have a great deal of re
spect for them. Many were
ready to crawl up the walls of
the Grandhotel Panhans for
sheer frustration and boredom
by the end of their stay and a
few naughty fellows were sin
gularly unimaginative in ex
pressing their subconsci ou6
urge to sink "the yellow sub
marine." It is gratifying to see
them doing public penance and
I hope they are manly enough
to apologize to Dr. Walker in
private. Nevertheless, some
thing would be wrong with stu
dents as intelligent as ours if
they were not profoundly dis
satisfied with their situation
here, when they consider how
rich an experience they might
have in one of Europe's greatest
cultural centers, the city of
Vienna.
Paradoxically, in the interest
of higher education we must
come down from the mountains.
LEWIS W. SPITZ
Professor of History
â€¢ Reaction Of Group 111
Editor, The Daily:
Stanford-in-Austria is located
60 miles, two hours, and two
dollars from Vienna, the center
of at least 80 percent of Austria's
higher culture. By round trip, a
night at the Opera is 120 miles,
seven hours, and normally more
than four dollars. Monetarily,
this trip in any frequency is
prohibitive for a substantial
"number of scholarship students;
and timewise, prohibitive for
most students. Private cars and
a sincere attempt by the admin
istration to defray costs do miti
gate some of these problems,
but they are all still partial
remedies for a sick situation:
the campus location. All other

complaints are really subordin
ate to this fundamental prob
lem. The essential remedy,
though no cure-all, is obvious;
Stanford-in-Austria should be in
Vienna.
The present location of the
campus, though scenically and
administratively attractive, is
really poor educationally. Stan
ford i6 primarily an educational
institution, and Overseas Cam
puses must fit within Stanford's
educational philosophy. Accord
ing to the Overseas Campuses
bulletin, the foreign campuses
are designed to provide the stu
dent with the opportunity of
"partaking deeply of the human
and cultural riches of Europe"
while still benefiting by Stan
ford's regular curriculum. The
phrase "partaking deeply"
throws light on Austria's prob
lems. In the context of the Uni
versity's educational responsi
bility, the "opportunity" for
culture must be more than

physical presence in a European
land. Semmering is little better
than mere "presence." Vienna,
however, is the heart of Aus
trian culture, the historical capi
tal of a once-important land.
Beyond this, it is the home of
the second oldest German uni
versity and frankly the only
place in Austria where educa
tional and cultural "oppor
tunity" takes on its full value.
My basic point is this. Re
cently Austria II has been much
criticized and, in my opinion,
much maligned. Though their
methods were sometimes mis
taken, they were aware of and
trying to do something about
a very real and important prob
lem, To be consistent with edu
cational philosophy and respon
sibility, the Austria campus
must be moved. The search for
a new campus located in greater
Vienna must begin immediately.
MARK U. EDWARDS JR.
President Austria 111


LEWIS W. SPITZ
