# CARDINAL TRYOUTS
## 
### 
Persons wishing to try out for I
Cardinal appointments and Rally j
Committee should come to Room 13 j
in the Old Union from 1 to 3 o'clock
today and from 3:30 to 5:30 o'clock
tomorrow. Ray Thompson, Didi Vi
bert, and Jack Laney will interview
all applicants.
Persons wishing to try out for I
Cardinal appointments and Rally j
Committee should come to Room 13 j
in the Old Union from 1 to 3 o'clock
today and from 3:30 to 5:30 o'clock
tomorrow. Ray Thompson, Didi Vi
bert, and Jack Laney will interview
all applicants.
Persons wishing to try out for I
Cardinal appointments and Rally j
Committee should come to Room 13 j
in the Old Union from 1 to 3 o'clock
today and from 3:30 to 5:30 o'clock
tomorrow. Ray Thompson, Didi Vi
bert, and Jack Laney will interview
all applicants.
Persons wishing to try out for I
Cardinal appointments and Rally j
Committee should come to Room 13 j
in the Old Union from 1 to 3 o'clock
today and from 3:30 to 5:30 o'clock
tomorrow. Ray Thompson, Didi Vi
bert, and Jack Laney will interview
all applicants.
Persons wishing to try out for I
Cardinal appointments and Rally j
Committee should come to Room 13 j
in the Old Union from 1 to 3 o'clock
today and from 3:30 to 5:30 o'clock
tomorrow. Ray Thompson, Didi Vi
bert, and Jack Laney will interview
all applicants.
Persons wishing to try out for I
Cardinal appointments and Rally j
Committee should come to Room 13 j
in the Old Union from 1 to 3 o'clock
today and from 3:30 to 5:30 o'clock
tomorrow. Ray Thompson, Didi Vi
bert, and Jack Laney will interview
all applicants.
Persons wishing to try out for I
Cardinal appointments and Rally j
Committee should come to Room 13 j
in the Old Union from 1 to 3 o'clock
today and from 3:30 to 5:30 o'clock
tomorrow. Ray Thompson, Didi Vi
bert, and Jack Laney will interview
all applicants.
Persons wishing to try out for I
Cardinal appointments and Rally j
Committee should come to Room 13 j
in the Old Union from 1 to 3 o'clock
today and from 3:30 to 5:30 o'clock
tomorrow. Ray Thompson, Didi Vi
bert, and Jack Laney will interview
all applicants.
Persons wishing to try out for I
Cardinal appointments and Rally j
Committee should come to Room 13 j
in the Old Union from 1 to 3 o'clock
today and from 3:30 to 5:30 o'clock
tomorrow. Ray Thompson, Didi Vi
bert, and Jack Laney will interview
all applicants.
Persons wishing to try out for I
Cardinal appointments and Rally j
Committee should come to Room 13 j
in the Old Union from 1 to 3 o'clock
today and from 3:30 to 5:30 o'clock
tomorrow. Ray Thompson, Didi Vi
bert, and Jack Laney will interview
all applicants.
Persons wishing to try out for I
Cardinal appointments and Rally j
Committee should come to Room 13 j
in the Old Union from 1 to 3 o'clock
today and from 3:30 to 5:30 o'clock
tomorrow. Ray Thompson, Didi Vi
bert, and Jack Laney will interview
all applicants.
Persons wishing to try out for I
Cardinal appointments and Rally j
Committee should come to Room 13 j
in the Old Union from 1 to 3 o'clock
today and from 3:30 to 5:30 o'clock
tomorrow. Ray Thompson, Didi Vi
bert, and Jack Laney will interview
all applicants.
Persons wishing to try out for I
Cardinal appointments and Rally j
Committee should come to Room 13 j
in the Old Union from 1 to 3 o'clock
today and from 3:30 to 5:30 o'clock
tomorrow. Ray Thompson, Didi Vi
bert, and Jack Laney will interview
all applicants.
Persons wishing to try out for I
Cardinal appointments and Rally j
Committee should come to Room 13 j
in the Old Union from 1 to 3 o'clock
today and from 3:30 to 5:30 o'clock
tomorrow. Ray Thompson, Didi Vi
bert, and Jack Laney will interview
all applicants.
Persons wishing to try out for I
Cardinal appointments and Rally j
Committee should come to Room 13 j
in the Old Union from 1 to 3 o'clock
today and from 3:30 to 5:30 o'clock
tomorrow. Ray Thompson, Didi Vi
bert, and Jack Laney will interview
all applicants.
Persons wishing to try out for I
Cardinal appointments and Rally j
Committee should come to Room 13 j
in the Old Union from 1 to 3 o'clock
today and from 3:30 to 5:30 o'clock
tomorrow. Ray Thompson, Didi Vi
bert, and Jack Laney will interview
all applicants.
