# A.T.O. PLEDGE
## 
### 
Interfratemity Council announces
the pledging of Frank Reed, '42, to
Alpha Tau Omega.
Interfratemity Council announces
the pledging of Frank Reed, '42, to
Alpha Tau Omega.
Interfratemity Council announces
the pledging of Frank Reed, '42, to
Alpha Tau Omega.
Interfratemity Council announces
the pledging of Frank Reed, '42, to
Alpha Tau Omega.
Interfratemity Council announces
the pledging of Frank Reed, '42, to
Alpha Tau Omega.
Interfratemity Council announces
the pledging of Frank Reed, '42, to
Alpha Tau Omega.
Interfratemity Council announces
the pledging of Frank Reed, '42, to
Alpha Tau Omega.
Interfratemity Council announces
the pledging of Frank Reed, '42, to
Alpha Tau Omega.
Interfratemity Council announces
the pledging of Frank Reed, '42, to
Alpha Tau Omega.
Interfratemity Council announces
the pledging of Frank Reed, '42, to
Alpha Tau Omega.
Interfratemity Council announces
the pledging of Frank Reed, '42, to
Alpha Tau Omega.
Interfratemity Council announces
the pledging of Frank Reed, '42, to
Alpha Tau Omega.
Interfratemity Council announces
the pledging of Frank Reed, '42, to
Alpha Tau Omega.
Interfratemity Council announces
the pledging of Frank Reed, '42, to
Alpha Tau Omega.
Interfratemity Council announces
the pledging of Frank Reed, '42, to
Alpha Tau Omega.
Interfratemity Council announces
the pledging of Frank Reed, '42, to
Alpha Tau Omega.
