# Leonard to Speak On U.S. Education
## 
### 
The controversial issue of pro
gressive education in American
schools will be outlined in a radio
talk on the Stanford University pro
gram over station KGO at 7:15
o'clock this evening.
Dr. John Paul Leonard, associate
professor of education, will be the
speaker, and his subject is, "Can We
Measure the Results of the Pro
gressive School?"
The controversial issue of pro
gressive education in American
schools will be outlined in a radio
talk on the Stanford University pro
gram over station KGO at 7:15
o'clock this evening.
Dr. John Paul Leonard, associate
professor of education, will be the
speaker, and his subject is, "Can We
Measure the Results of the Pro
gressive School?"
The controversial issue of pro
gressive education in American
schools will be outlined in a radio
talk on the Stanford University pro
gram over station KGO at 7:15
o'clock this evening.
Dr. John Paul Leonard, associate
professor of education, will be the
speaker, and his subject is, "Can We
Measure the Results of the Pro
gressive School?"
The controversial issue of pro
gressive education in American
schools will be outlined in a radio
talk on the Stanford University pro
gram over station KGO at 7:15
o'clock this evening.
Dr. John Paul Leonard, associate
professor of education, will be the
speaker, and his subject is, "Can We
Measure the Results of the Pro
gressive School?"
The controversial issue of pro
gressive education in American
schools will be outlined in a radio
talk on the Stanford University pro
gram over station KGO at 7:15
o'clock this evening.
Dr. John Paul Leonard, associate
professor of education, will be the
speaker, and his subject is, "Can We
Measure the Results of the Pro
gressive School?"
The controversial issue of pro
gressive education in American
schools will be outlined in a radio
talk on the Stanford University pro
gram over station KGO at 7:15
o'clock this evening.
Dr. John Paul Leonard, associate
professor of education, will be the
speaker, and his subject is, "Can We
Measure the Results of the Pro
gressive School?"
The controversial issue of pro
gressive education in American
schools will be outlined in a radio
talk on the Stanford University pro
gram over station KGO at 7:15
o'clock this evening.
Dr. John Paul Leonard, associate
professor of education, will be the
speaker, and his subject is, "Can We
Measure the Results of the Pro
gressive School?"
The controversial issue of pro
gressive education in American
schools will be outlined in a radio
talk on the Stanford University pro
gram over station KGO at 7:15
o'clock this evening.
Dr. John Paul Leonard, associate
professor of education, will be the
speaker, and his subject is, "Can We
Measure the Results of the Pro
gressive School?"
The controversial issue of pro
gressive education in American
schools will be outlined in a radio
talk on the Stanford University pro
gram over station KGO at 7:15
o'clock this evening.
Dr. John Paul Leonard, associate
professor of education, will be the
speaker, and his subject is, "Can We
Measure the Results of the Pro
gressive School?"
The controversial issue of pro
gressive education in American
schools will be outlined in a radio
talk on the Stanford University pro
gram over station KGO at 7:15
o'clock this evening.
Dr. John Paul Leonard, associate
professor of education, will be the
speaker, and his subject is, "Can We
Measure the Results of the Pro
gressive School?"
The controversial issue of pro
gressive education in American
schools will be outlined in a radio
talk on the Stanford University pro
gram over station KGO at 7:15
o'clock this evening.
Dr. John Paul Leonard, associate
professor of education, will be the
speaker, and his subject is, "Can We
Measure the Results of the Pro
gressive School?"
The controversial issue of pro
gressive education in American
schools will be outlined in a radio
talk on the Stanford University pro
gram over station KGO at 7:15
o'clock this evening.
Dr. John Paul Leonard, associate
professor of education, will be the
speaker, and his subject is, "Can We
Measure the Results of the Pro
gressive School?"
The controversial issue of pro
gressive education in American
schools will be outlined in a radio
talk on the Stanford University pro
gram over station KGO at 7:15
o'clock this evening.
Dr. John Paul Leonard, associate
professor of education, will be the
speaker, and his subject is, "Can We
Measure the Results of the Pro
gressive School?"
The controversial issue of pro
gressive education in American
schools will be outlined in a radio
talk on the Stanford University pro
gram over station KGO at 7:15
o'clock this evening.
Dr. John Paul Leonard, associate
professor of education, will be the
speaker, and his subject is, "Can We
Measure the Results of the Pro
gressive School?"
The controversial issue of pro
gressive education in American
schools will be outlined in a radio
talk on the Stanford University pro
gram over station KGO at 7:15
o'clock this evening.
Dr. John Paul Leonard, associate
professor of education, will be the
speaker, and his subject is, "Can We
Measure the Results of the Pro
gressive School?"
The controversial issue of pro
gressive education in American
schools will be outlined in a radio
talk on the Stanford University pro
gram over station KGO at 7:15
o'clock this evening.
Dr. John Paul Leonard, associate
professor of education, will be the
speaker, and his subject is, "Can We
Measure the Results of the Pro
gressive School?"
