# MOTOR RACERS SET
## 
### 
INDIANAPOLIS, May 2 (/P) —
Fifty-two racing automobiles, to be
piloted by leading drivers of the
dirt and brick tracks, were listed
today as candidates for starting po
sitions in the annual 500-mile race
May 30 at the Indianapolis motor
speedway.
INDIANAPOLIS, May 2 (/P) —
Fifty-two racing automobiles, to be
piloted by leading drivers of the
dirt and brick tracks, were listed
today as candidates for starting po
sitions in the annual 500-mile race
May 30 at the Indianapolis motor
speedway.
INDIANAPOLIS, May 2 (/P) —
Fifty-two racing automobiles, to be
piloted by leading drivers of the
dirt and brick tracks, were listed
today as candidates for starting po
sitions in the annual 500-mile race
May 30 at the Indianapolis motor
speedway.
INDIANAPOLIS, May 2 (/P) —
Fifty-two racing automobiles, to be
piloted by leading drivers of the
dirt and brick tracks, were listed
today as candidates for starting po
sitions in the annual 500-mile race
May 30 at the Indianapolis motor
speedway.
INDIANAPOLIS, May 2 (/P) —
Fifty-two racing automobiles, to be
piloted by leading drivers of the
dirt and brick tracks, were listed
today as candidates for starting po
sitions in the annual 500-mile race
May 30 at the Indianapolis motor
speedway.
INDIANAPOLIS, May 2 (/P) —
Fifty-two racing automobiles, to be
piloted by leading drivers of the
dirt and brick tracks, were listed
today as candidates for starting po
sitions in the annual 500-mile race
May 30 at the Indianapolis motor
speedway.
INDIANAPOLIS, May 2 (/P) —
Fifty-two racing automobiles, to be
piloted by leading drivers of the
dirt and brick tracks, were listed
today as candidates for starting po
sitions in the annual 500-mile race
May 30 at the Indianapolis motor
speedway.
INDIANAPOLIS, May 2 (/P) —
Fifty-two racing automobiles, to be
piloted by leading drivers of the
dirt and brick tracks, were listed
today as candidates for starting po
sitions in the annual 500-mile race
May 30 at the Indianapolis motor
speedway.
INDIANAPOLIS, May 2 (/P) —
Fifty-two racing automobiles, to be
piloted by leading drivers of the
dirt and brick tracks, were listed
today as candidates for starting po
sitions in the annual 500-mile race
May 30 at the Indianapolis motor
speedway.
INDIANAPOLIS, May 2 (/P) —
Fifty-two racing automobiles, to be
piloted by leading drivers of the
dirt and brick tracks, were listed
today as candidates for starting po
sitions in the annual 500-mile race
May 30 at the Indianapolis motor
speedway.
INDIANAPOLIS, May 2 (/P) —
Fifty-two racing automobiles, to be
piloted by leading drivers of the
dirt and brick tracks, were listed
today as candidates for starting po
sitions in the annual 500-mile race
May 30 at the Indianapolis motor
speedway.
INDIANAPOLIS, May 2 (/P) —
Fifty-two racing automobiles, to be
piloted by leading drivers of the
dirt and brick tracks, were listed
today as candidates for starting po
sitions in the annual 500-mile race
May 30 at the Indianapolis motor
speedway.
INDIANAPOLIS, May 2 (/P) —
Fifty-two racing automobiles, to be
piloted by leading drivers of the
dirt and brick tracks, were listed
today as candidates for starting po
sitions in the annual 500-mile race
May 30 at the Indianapolis motor
speedway.
INDIANAPOLIS, May 2 (/P) —
Fifty-two racing automobiles, to be
piloted by leading drivers of the
dirt and brick tracks, were listed
today as candidates for starting po
sitions in the annual 500-mile race
May 30 at the Indianapolis motor
speedway.
