# Women Elect New Officers
## 
### 
Results of yesterday's elections of
women's officers have been an
nounced, with Elaine Dear presi
dent of W.A.A. and Barbara Binns
vice-president of A.W.S. for the
coming year. Jeanne Millard was
previously elected president.
Elaine Dear has been W.A.A.
treasurer, and a member of the
Junior hockey team. Barbara Binns
is active in the Y.W.C.A. as treas
urer and cabinet member. She is on
the '35 hockey team.
Marian Storey, secretary, Ann
Braekett, senior member of the
council, and Iris Forsyth, junior
member, are the other new officers
of A.W.S.
W.A.A. vice-president is Marion
Parker, who has been A.W.S. treas
urer and archery manager. Barbara
Stewart, who is freshman repre
sentative on the Women's Athletic
Board, and Alice Philp, next year's
Y.W.C.A. treasurer, lied for the of
fice of secretary.
The new W.A.A. treasurer is Sue
Ward, basketball manager. Senior
member Dorothy Swan, all-star
basketball player, Junior member
Marjorie Buettner, tennis manager,
and Sophomore member Connie
Curran have been elected to the
W.A.A. Board.
Results of yesterday's elections of
women's officers have been an
nounced, with Elaine Dear presi
dent of W.A.A. and Barbara Binns
vice-president of A.W.S. for the
coming year. Jeanne Millard was
previously elected president.
Elaine Dear has been W.A.A.
treasurer, and a member of the
Junior hockey team. Barbara Binns
is active in the Y.W.C.A. as treas
urer and cabinet member. She is on
the '35 hockey team.
Marian Storey, secretary, Ann
Braekett, senior member of the
council, and Iris Forsyth, junior
member, are the other new officers
of A.W.S.
W.A.A. vice-president is Marion
Parker, who has been A.W.S. treas
urer and archery manager. Barbara
Stewart, who is freshman repre
sentative on the Women's Athletic
Board, and Alice Philp, next year's
Y.W.C.A. treasurer, lied for the of
fice of secretary.
The new W.A.A. treasurer is Sue
Ward, basketball manager. Senior
member Dorothy Swan, all-star
basketball player, Junior member
Marjorie Buettner, tennis manager,
and Sophomore member Connie
Curran have been elected to the
W.A.A. Board.
Results of yesterday's elections of
women's officers have been an
nounced, with Elaine Dear presi
dent of W.A.A. and Barbara Binns
vice-president of A.W.S. for the
coming year. Jeanne Millard was
previously elected president.
Elaine Dear has been W.A.A.
treasurer, and a member of the
Junior hockey team. Barbara Binns
is active in the Y.W.C.A. as treas
urer and cabinet member. She is on
the '35 hockey team.
Marian Storey, secretary, Ann
Braekett, senior member of the
council, and Iris Forsyth, junior
member, are the other new officers
of A.W.S.
W.A.A. vice-president is Marion
Parker, who has been A.W.S. treas
urer and archery manager. Barbara
Stewart, who is freshman repre
sentative on the Women's Athletic
Board, and Alice Philp, next year's
Y.W.C.A. treasurer, lied for the of
fice of secretary.
The new W.A.A. treasurer is Sue
Ward, basketball manager. Senior
member Dorothy Swan, all-star
basketball player, Junior member
Marjorie Buettner, tennis manager,
and Sophomore member Connie
Curran have been elected to the
W.A.A. Board.
Results of yesterday's elections of
women's officers have been an
nounced, with Elaine Dear presi
dent of W.A.A. and Barbara Binns
vice-president of A.W.S. for the
coming year. Jeanne Millard was
previously elected president.
Elaine Dear has been W.A.A.
treasurer, and a member of the
Junior hockey team. Barbara Binns
is active in the Y.W.C.A. as treas
urer and cabinet member. She is on
the '35 hockey team.
Marian Storey, secretary, Ann
Braekett, senior member of the
council, and Iris Forsyth, junior
member, are the other new officers
of A.W.S.
W.A.A. vice-president is Marion
Parker, who has been A.W.S. treas
urer and archery manager. Barbara
Stewart, who is freshman repre
sentative on the Women's Athletic
Board, and Alice Philp, next year's
Y.W.C.A. treasurer, lied for the of
fice of secretary.
The new W.A.A. treasurer is Sue
Ward, basketball manager. Senior
member Dorothy Swan, all-star
basketball player, Junior member
Marjorie Buettner, tennis manager,
and Sophomore member Connie
Curran have been elected to the
W.A.A. Board.
Results of yesterday's elections of
women's officers have been an
nounced, with Elaine Dear presi
dent of W.A.A. and Barbara Binns
vice-president of A.W.S. for the
coming year. Jeanne Millard was
previously elected president.
Elaine Dear has been W.A.A.
treasurer, and a member of the
Junior hockey team. Barbara Binns
is active in the Y.W.C.A. as treas
urer and cabinet member. She is on
the '35 hockey team.
Marian Storey, secretary, Ann
Braekett, senior member of the
council, and Iris Forsyth, junior
member, are the other new officers
of A.W.S.
W.A.A. vice-president is Marion
Parker, who has been A.W.S. treas
urer and archery manager. Barbara
Stewart, who is freshman repre
sentative on the Women's Athletic
Board, and Alice Philp, next year's
Y.W.C.A. treasurer, lied for the of
fice of secretary.
The new W.A.A. treasurer is Sue
Ward, basketball manager. Senior
member Dorothy Swan, all-star
basketball player, Junior member
Marjorie Buettner, tennis manager,
and Sophomore member Connie
Curran have been elected to the
W.A.A. Board.
Results of yesterday's elections of
women's officers have been an
nounced, with Elaine Dear presi
dent of W.A.A. and Barbara Binns
vice-president of A.W.S. for the
coming year. Jeanne Millard was
previously elected president.
Elaine Dear has been W.A.A.
treasurer, and a member of the
Junior hockey team. Barbara Binns
is active in the Y.W.C.A. as treas
urer and cabinet member. She is on
the '35 hockey team.
Marian Storey, secretary, Ann
Braekett, senior member of the
council, and Iris Forsyth, junior
member, are the other new officers
of A.W.S.
W.A.A. vice-president is Marion
Parker, who has been A.W.S. treas
urer and archery manager. Barbara
Stewart, who is freshman repre
sentative on the Women's Athletic
Board, and Alice Philp, next year's
Y.W.C.A. treasurer, lied for the of
fice of secretary.
The new W.A.A. treasurer is Sue
Ward, basketball manager. Senior
member Dorothy Swan, all-star
basketball player, Junior member
Marjorie Buettner, tennis manager,
and Sophomore member Connie
Curran have been elected to the
W.A.A. Board.
Results of yesterday's elections of
women's officers have been an
nounced, with Elaine Dear presi
dent of W.A.A. and Barbara Binns
vice-president of A.W.S. for the
coming year. Jeanne Millard was
previously elected president.
Elaine Dear has been W.A.A.
treasurer, and a member of the
Junior hockey team. Barbara Binns
is active in the Y.W.C.A. as treas
urer and cabinet member. She is on
the '35 hockey team.
Marian Storey, secretary, Ann
Braekett, senior member of the
council, and Iris Forsyth, junior
member, are the other new officers
of A.W.S.
W.A.A. vice-president is Marion
Parker, who has been A.W.S. treas
urer and archery manager. Barbara
Stewart, who is freshman repre
sentative on the Women's Athletic
Board, and Alice Philp, next year's
Y.W.C.A. treasurer, lied for the of
fice of secretary.
The new W.A.A. treasurer is Sue
Ward, basketball manager. Senior
member Dorothy Swan, all-star
basketball player, Junior member
Marjorie Buettner, tennis manager,
and Sophomore member Connie
Curran have been elected to the
W.A.A. Board.
Results of yesterday's elections of
women's officers have been an
nounced, with Elaine Dear presi
dent of W.A.A. and Barbara Binns
vice-president of A.W.S. for the
coming year. Jeanne Millard was
previously elected president.
Elaine Dear has been W.A.A.
treasurer, and a member of the
Junior hockey team. Barbara Binns
is active in the Y.W.C.A. as treas
urer and cabinet member. She is on
the '35 hockey team.
Marian Storey, secretary, Ann
Braekett, senior member of the
council, and Iris Forsyth, junior
member, are the other new officers
of A.W.S.
W.A.A. vice-president is Marion
Parker, who has been A.W.S. treas
urer and archery manager. Barbara
Stewart, who is freshman repre
sentative on the Women's Athletic
Board, and Alice Philp, next year's
Y.W.C.A. treasurer, lied for the of
fice of secretary.
The new W.A.A. treasurer is Sue
Ward, basketball manager. Senior
member Dorothy Swan, all-star
basketball player, Junior member
Marjorie Buettner, tennis manager,
and Sophomore member Connie
Curran have been elected to the
W.A.A. Board.
Results of yesterday's elections of
women's officers have been an
nounced, with Elaine Dear presi
dent of W.A.A. and Barbara Binns
vice-president of A.W.S. for the
coming year. Jeanne Millard was
previously elected president.
Elaine Dear has been W.A.A.
treasurer, and a member of the
Junior hockey team. Barbara Binns
is active in the Y.W.C.A. as treas
urer and cabinet member. She is on
the '35 hockey team.
Marian Storey, secretary, Ann
Braekett, senior member of the
council, and Iris Forsyth, junior
member, are the other new officers
of A.W.S.
W.A.A. vice-president is Marion
Parker, who has been A.W.S. treas
urer and archery manager. Barbara
Stewart, who is freshman repre
sentative on the Women's Athletic
Board, and Alice Philp, next year's
Y.W.C.A. treasurer, lied for the of
fice of secretary.
The new W.A.A. treasurer is Sue
Ward, basketball manager. Senior
member Dorothy Swan, all-star
basketball player, Junior member
Marjorie Buettner, tennis manager,
and Sophomore member Connie
Curran have been elected to the
W.A.A. Board.
Results of yesterday's elections of
women's officers have been an
nounced, with Elaine Dear presi
dent of W.A.A. and Barbara Binns
vice-president of A.W.S. for the
coming year. Jeanne Millard was
previously elected president.
Elaine Dear has been W.A.A.
treasurer, and a member of the
Junior hockey team. Barbara Binns
is active in the Y.W.C.A. as treas
urer and cabinet member. She is on
the '35 hockey team.
Marian Storey, secretary, Ann
Braekett, senior member of the
council, and Iris Forsyth, junior
member, are the other new officers
of A.W.S.
W.A.A. vice-president is Marion
Parker, who has been A.W.S. treas
urer and archery manager. Barbara
Stewart, who is freshman repre
sentative on the Women's Athletic
Board, and Alice Philp, next year's
Y.W.C.A. treasurer, lied for the of
fice of secretary.
The new W.A.A. treasurer is Sue
Ward, basketball manager. Senior
member Dorothy Swan, all-star
basketball player, Junior member
Marjorie Buettner, tennis manager,
and Sophomore member Connie
Curran have been elected to the
W.A.A. Board.
Results of yesterday's elections of
women's officers have been an
nounced, with Elaine Dear presi
dent of W.A.A. and Barbara Binns
vice-president of A.W.S. for the
coming year. Jeanne Millard was
previously elected president.
Elaine Dear has been W.A.A.
treasurer, and a member of the
Junior hockey team. Barbara Binns
is active in the Y.W.C.A. as treas
urer and cabinet member. She is on
the '35 hockey team.
Marian Storey, secretary, Ann
Braekett, senior member of the
council, and Iris Forsyth, junior
member, are the other new officers
of A.W.S.
W.A.A. vice-president is Marion
Parker, who has been A.W.S. treas
urer and archery manager. Barbara
Stewart, who is freshman repre
sentative on the Women's Athletic
Board, and Alice Philp, next year's
Y.W.C.A. treasurer, lied for the of
fice of secretary.
The new W.A.A. treasurer is Sue
Ward, basketball manager. Senior
member Dorothy Swan, all-star
basketball player, Junior member
Marjorie Buettner, tennis manager,
and Sophomore member Connie
Curran have been elected to the
W.A.A. Board.
Results of yesterday's elections of
women's officers have been an
nounced, with Elaine Dear presi
dent of W.A.A. and Barbara Binns
vice-president of A.W.S. for the
coming year. Jeanne Millard was
previously elected president.
Elaine Dear has been W.A.A.
treasurer, and a member of the
Junior hockey team. Barbara Binns
is active in the Y.W.C.A. as treas
urer and cabinet member. She is on
the '35 hockey team.
Marian Storey, secretary, Ann
Braekett, senior member of the
council, and Iris Forsyth, junior
member, are the other new officers
of A.W.S.
W.A.A. vice-president is Marion
Parker, who has been A.W.S. treas
urer and archery manager. Barbara
Stewart, who is freshman repre
sentative on the Women's Athletic
Board, and Alice Philp, next year's
Y.W.C.A. treasurer, lied for the of
fice of secretary.
The new W.A.A. treasurer is Sue
Ward, basketball manager. Senior
member Dorothy Swan, all-star
basketball player, Junior member
Marjorie Buettner, tennis manager,
and Sophomore member Connie
Curran have been elected to the
W.A.A. Board.
Results of yesterday's elections of
women's officers have been an
nounced, with Elaine Dear presi
dent of W.A.A. and Barbara Binns
vice-president of A.W.S. for the
coming year. Jeanne Millard was
previously elected president.
Elaine Dear has been W.A.A.
treasurer, and a member of the
Junior hockey team. Barbara Binns
is active in the Y.W.C.A. as treas
urer and cabinet member. She is on
the '35 hockey team.
Marian Storey, secretary, Ann
Braekett, senior member of the
council, and Iris Forsyth, junior
member, are the other new officers
of A.W.S.
W.A.A. vice-president is Marion
Parker, who has been A.W.S. treas
urer and archery manager. Barbara
Stewart, who is freshman repre
sentative on the Women's Athletic
Board, and Alice Philp, next year's
Y.W.C.A. treasurer, lied for the of
fice of secretary.
The new W.A.A. treasurer is Sue
Ward, basketball manager. Senior
member Dorothy Swan, all-star
basketball player, Junior member
Marjorie Buettner, tennis manager,
and Sophomore member Connie
Curran have been elected to the
W.A.A. Board.
Results of yesterday's elections of
women's officers have been an
nounced, with Elaine Dear presi
dent of W.A.A. and Barbara Binns
vice-president of A.W.S. for the
coming year. Jeanne Millard was
previously elected president.
Elaine Dear has been W.A.A.
treasurer, and a member of the
Junior hockey team. Barbara Binns
is active in the Y.W.C.A. as treas
urer and cabinet member. She is on
the '35 hockey team.
Marian Storey, secretary, Ann
Braekett, senior member of the
council, and Iris Forsyth, junior
member, are the other new officers
of A.W.S.
W.A.A. vice-president is Marion
Parker, who has been A.W.S. treas
urer and archery manager. Barbara
Stewart, who is freshman repre
sentative on the Women's Athletic
Board, and Alice Philp, next year's
Y.W.C.A. treasurer, lied for the of
fice of secretary.
The new W.A.A. treasurer is Sue
Ward, basketball manager. Senior
member Dorothy Swan, all-star
basketball player, Junior member
Marjorie Buettner, tennis manager,
and Sophomore member Connie
Curran have been elected to the
W.A.A. Board.
