# CAMPUS OPINION
## 
### 
The Editor, Sir:
Who is a liarâ€”yourself or Judge
Springer? Since you have the hardi
hood yourself to bring up the "Mr.
Smith" incident again, one is cer
tainly justified in asking the ques
tion. Judging from the contradic
tions exchanged last quarter it is
obvious that one of you either was
misinformed or was consciously
misstating the facts. The presump
tion of accuracy is certainly on the
side of the judge, and your silent
weaseling on the whole affair last
quarter lends conviction to the sus
picion that you are the mistaken or
the guilty party.
It is notoriously difficult for an
editor to back down. Silence is per
haps the most graceful method of
retreating from an awkward edi
torial position, though less straight
forward than an admission of error.

However, no one objected greatly
to your weaseling. But now in Mon
day's paper you bring up the "Mr.
Smith" incident again with the
broad hint that it proves something.
Just what does it prove? If you are
going to use the story hereafter it
is certainly incumbent upon you to
justify it. At present, in the judg
ment of at least some of your read
ers, on the basis of the "Mr. Smith"
story you stand convicted of being
either an innocent dupe or an ama
teur prevaricator.
Guy Barker, SI
