# BASSETT TO SPEAK
## 
### 
Professor Lee Emerson Bassett j
and Gordon Davis, former Stanford
dramatic director, are on the pro
gram for the conference of the
Speech Arts Association to be held
Saturday at the Fairmont Hotel in
San Francisco.
Professor Lee Emerson Bassett j
and Gordon Davis, former Stanford
dramatic director, are on the pro
gram for the conference of the
Speech Arts Association to be held
Saturday at the Fairmont Hotel in
San Francisco.
Professor Lee Emerson Bassett j
and Gordon Davis, former Stanford
dramatic director, are on the pro
gram for the conference of the
Speech Arts Association to be held
Saturday at the Fairmont Hotel in
San Francisco.
Professor Lee Emerson Bassett j
and Gordon Davis, former Stanford
dramatic director, are on the pro
gram for the conference of the
Speech Arts Association to be held
Saturday at the Fairmont Hotel in
San Francisco.
Professor Lee Emerson Bassett j
and Gordon Davis, former Stanford
dramatic director, are on the pro
gram for the conference of the
Speech Arts Association to be held
Saturday at the Fairmont Hotel in
San Francisco.
Professor Lee Emerson Bassett j
and Gordon Davis, former Stanford
dramatic director, are on the pro
gram for the conference of the
Speech Arts Association to be held
Saturday at the Fairmont Hotel in
San Francisco.
Professor Lee Emerson Bassett j
and Gordon Davis, former Stanford
dramatic director, are on the pro
gram for the conference of the
Speech Arts Association to be held
Saturday at the Fairmont Hotel in
San Francisco.
Professor Lee Emerson Bassett j
and Gordon Davis, former Stanford
dramatic director, are on the pro
gram for the conference of the
Speech Arts Association to be held
Saturday at the Fairmont Hotel in
San Francisco.
Professor Lee Emerson Bassett j
and Gordon Davis, former Stanford
dramatic director, are on the pro
gram for the conference of the
Speech Arts Association to be held
Saturday at the Fairmont Hotel in
San Francisco.
Professor Lee Emerson Bassett j
and Gordon Davis, former Stanford
dramatic director, are on the pro
gram for the conference of the
Speech Arts Association to be held
Saturday at the Fairmont Hotel in
San Francisco.
Professor Lee Emerson Bassett j
and Gordon Davis, former Stanford
dramatic director, are on the pro
gram for the conference of the
Speech Arts Association to be held
Saturday at the Fairmont Hotel in
San Francisco.
Professor Lee Emerson Bassett j
and Gordon Davis, former Stanford
dramatic director, are on the pro
gram for the conference of the
Speech Arts Association to be held
Saturday at the Fairmont Hotel in
San Francisco.
Professor Lee Emerson Bassett j
and Gordon Davis, former Stanford
dramatic director, are on the pro
gram for the conference of the
Speech Arts Association to be held
Saturday at the Fairmont Hotel in
San Francisco.
Professor Lee Emerson Bassett j
and Gordon Davis, former Stanford
dramatic director, are on the pro
gram for the conference of the
Speech Arts Association to be held
Saturday at the Fairmont Hotel in
San Francisco.
