# Wins Decathlon
## 
### 

Charles Childress (above) of Cen
tral Missouri State Teachers college
scored a surprise victorv ever Wil
son Charles of Haskeil institute to
win the Missouri valley A. A. U.
decathlon championship at the Kan
sas relays. He scored 7,454.04
points. (Associated Press Photo)

Charles Childress (above) of Cen
tral Missouri State Teachers college
scored a surprise victorv ever Wil
son Charles of Haskeil institute to
win the Missouri valley A. A. U.
decathlon championship at the Kan
sas relays. He scored 7,454.04
points. (Associated Press Photo)

Charles Childress (above) of Cen
tral Missouri State Teachers college
scored a surprise victorv ever Wil
son Charles of Haskeil institute to
win the Missouri valley A. A. U.
decathlon championship at the Kan
sas relays. He scored 7,454.04
points. (Associated Press Photo)

Charles Childress (above) of Cen
tral Missouri State Teachers college
scored a surprise victorv ever Wil
son Charles of Haskeil institute to
win the Missouri valley A. A. U.
decathlon championship at the Kan
sas relays. He scored 7,454.04
points. (Associated Press Photo)

Charles Childress (above) of Cen
tral Missouri State Teachers college
scored a surprise victorv ever Wil
son Charles of Haskeil institute to
win the Missouri valley A. A. U.
decathlon championship at the Kan
sas relays. He scored 7,454.04
points. (Associated Press Photo)

Charles Childress (above) of Cen
tral Missouri State Teachers college
scored a surprise victorv ever Wil
son Charles of Haskeil institute to
win the Missouri valley A. A. U.
decathlon championship at the Kan
sas relays. He scored 7,454.04
points. (Associated Press Photo)

Charles Childress (above) of Cen
tral Missouri State Teachers college
scored a surprise victorv ever Wil
son Charles of Haskeil institute to
win the Missouri valley A. A. U.
decathlon championship at the Kan
sas relays. He scored 7,454.04
points. (Associated Press Photo)

Charles Childress (above) of Cen
tral Missouri State Teachers college
scored a surprise victorv ever Wil
son Charles of Haskeil institute to
win the Missouri valley A. A. U.
decathlon championship at the Kan
sas relays. He scored 7,454.04
points. (Associated Press Photo)

Charles Childress (above) of Cen
tral Missouri State Teachers college
scored a surprise victorv ever Wil
son Charles of Haskeil institute to
win the Missouri valley A. A. U.
decathlon championship at the Kan
sas relays. He scored 7,454.04
points. (Associated Press Photo)

Charles Childress (above) of Cen
tral Missouri State Teachers college
scored a surprise victorv ever Wil
son Charles of Haskeil institute to
win the Missouri valley A. A. U.
decathlon championship at the Kan
sas relays. He scored 7,454.04
points. (Associated Press Photo)

Charles Childress (above) of Cen
tral Missouri State Teachers college
scored a surprise victorv ever Wil
son Charles of Haskeil institute to
win the Missouri valley A. A. U.
decathlon championship at the Kan
sas relays. He scored 7,454.04
points. (Associated Press Photo)

Charles Childress (above) of Cen
tral Missouri State Teachers college
scored a surprise victorv ever Wil
son Charles of Haskeil institute to
win the Missouri valley A. A. U.
decathlon championship at the Kan
sas relays. He scored 7,454.04
points. (Associated Press Photo)

Charles Childress (above) of Cen
tral Missouri State Teachers college
scored a surprise victorv ever Wil
son Charles of Haskeil institute to
win the Missouri valley A. A. U.
decathlon championship at the Kan
sas relays. He scored 7,454.04
points. (Associated Press Photo)

Charles Childress (above) of Cen
tral Missouri State Teachers college
scored a surprise victorv ever Wil
son Charles of Haskeil institute to
win the Missouri valley A. A. U.
decathlon championship at the Kan
sas relays. He scored 7,454.04
points. (Associated Press Photo)
