# Untitled Article
## 
### 
GOING DUCK HUNTING
Men's hoops battles illness and injuries — along
with a tough Oregon team — as it looks to re
bound from Saturday's disappointing loss to UCLA.
SPORTS/7

UP, UP AND AWAY
After questionable weather and a minor circuit
board problem, NASA successfully launched space
shuttle Atlantis on its overdue 1 1-day mission.
NEWS/3


GOING DUCK HUNTING
Men's hoops battles illness and injuries — along
with a tough Oregon team — as it looks to re
bound from Saturday's disappointing loss to UCLA.
SPORTS/7

UP, UP AND AWAY
After questionable weather and a minor circuit
board problem, NASA successfully launched space
shuttle Atlantis on its overdue 1 1-day mission.
NEWS/3


GOING DUCK HUNTING
Men's hoops battles illness and injuries — along
with a tough Oregon team — as it looks to re
bound from Saturday's disappointing loss to UCLA.
SPORTS/7

UP, UP AND AWAY
After questionable weather and a minor circuit
board problem, NASA successfully launched space
shuttle Atlantis on its overdue 1 1-day mission.
NEWS/3


GOING DUCK HUNTING
Men's hoops battles illness and injuries — along
with a tough Oregon team — as it looks to re
bound from Saturday's disappointing loss to UCLA.
SPORTS/7

UP, UP AND AWAY
After questionable weather and a minor circuit
board problem, NASA successfully launched space
shuttle Atlantis on its overdue 1 1-day mission.
NEWS/3


GOING DUCK HUNTING
Men's hoops battles illness and injuries — along
with a tough Oregon team — as it looks to re
bound from Saturday's disappointing loss to UCLA.
SPORTS/7

UP, UP AND AWAY
After questionable weather and a minor circuit
board problem, NASA successfully launched space
shuttle Atlantis on its overdue 1 1-day mission.
NEWS/3


GOING DUCK HUNTING
Men's hoops battles illness and injuries — along
with a tough Oregon team — as it looks to re
bound from Saturday's disappointing loss to UCLA.
SPORTS/7

UP, UP AND AWAY
After questionable weather and a minor circuit
board problem, NASA successfully launched space
shuttle Atlantis on its overdue 1 1-day mission.
NEWS/3


GOING DUCK HUNTING
Men's hoops battles illness and injuries — along
with a tough Oregon team — as it looks to re
bound from Saturday's disappointing loss to UCLA.
SPORTS/7

UP, UP AND AWAY
After questionable weather and a minor circuit
board problem, NASA successfully launched space
shuttle Atlantis on its overdue 1 1-day mission.
NEWS/3


