# WOMEN ELECTED BY CAP AND GOWN
## Dorothy Marsten, Frederika McGee, Hester Proctor are Chosen by Society 
### 
Three new members were elected
to Cap and Gown, women's honorary
society, at a recent meeting of that
organization. The new members are
Dorothy Marston, '21, Frederika Mc-
Gee, '21, and Hester Proctor, '21.
Dorothy Marston is vice president
of W. A. A., rally chairman, women's
yell leader, and is a member of Y. W.
C. A. cabinet, 1921 hockey, baseball
and basketball teams, and Women's
Conference, and was in the Junior
Opera for two years. She is a mem
ber of Chi Omega.
Frederika McGee is president of
Roble Club, captain of the 1921 base
ball and hockey teams, senior repre
sentative to W. A. A., and a member
of Women's Conference and of the
French Club. She is a member of
Roblc Club.
Hester Proctor is the president, of
W. A. A., chairman of the Social Ser
vice Committee, and a member of the
hockey and tennis teams, and of the
French Club and Y. W. C. A. cabinet.
She belongs to Gamma Phi Beta so
ority.
Three new members were elected
to Cap and Gown, women's honorary
society, at a recent meeting of that
organization. The new members are
Dorothy Marston, '21, Frederika Mc-
Gee, '21, and Hester Proctor, '21.
Dorothy Marston is vice president
of W. A. A., rally chairman, women's
yell leader, and is a member of Y. W.
C. A. cabinet, 1921 hockey, baseball
and basketball teams, and Women's
Conference, and was in the Junior
Opera for two years. She is a mem
ber of Chi Omega.
Frederika McGee is president of
Roble Club, captain of the 1921 base
ball and hockey teams, senior repre
sentative to W. A. A., and a member
of Women's Conference and of the
French Club. She is a member of
Roblc Club.
Hester Proctor is the president, of
W. A. A., chairman of the Social Ser
vice Committee, and a member of the
hockey and tennis teams, and of the
French Club and Y. W. C. A. cabinet.
She belongs to Gamma Phi Beta so
ority.
Three new members were elected
to Cap and Gown, women's honorary
society, at a recent meeting of that
organization. The new members are
Dorothy Marston, '21, Frederika Mc-
Gee, '21, and Hester Proctor, '21.
Dorothy Marston is vice president
of W. A. A., rally chairman, women's
yell leader, and is a member of Y. W.
C. A. cabinet, 1921 hockey, baseball
and basketball teams, and Women's
Conference, and was in the Junior
Opera for two years. She is a mem
ber of Chi Omega.
Frederika McGee is president of
Roble Club, captain of the 1921 base
ball and hockey teams, senior repre
sentative to W. A. A., and a member
of Women's Conference and of the
French Club. She is a member of
Roblc Club.
Hester Proctor is the president, of
W. A. A., chairman of the Social Ser
vice Committee, and a member of the
hockey and tennis teams, and of the
French Club and Y. W. C. A. cabinet.
She belongs to Gamma Phi Beta so
ority.
Three new members were elected
to Cap and Gown, women's honorary
society, at a recent meeting of that
organization. The new members are
Dorothy Marston, '21, Frederika Mc-
Gee, '21, and Hester Proctor, '21.
Dorothy Marston is vice president
of W. A. A., rally chairman, women's
yell leader, and is a member of Y. W.
C. A. cabinet, 1921 hockey, baseball
and basketball teams, and Women's
Conference, and was in the Junior
Opera for two years. She is a mem
ber of Chi Omega.
Frederika McGee is president of
Roble Club, captain of the 1921 base
ball and hockey teams, senior repre
sentative to W. A. A., and a member
of Women's Conference and of the
French Club. She is a member of
Roblc Club.
Hester Proctor is the president, of
W. A. A., chairman of the Social Ser
vice Committee, and a member of the
hockey and tennis teams, and of the
French Club and Y. W. C. A. cabinet.
She belongs to Gamma Phi Beta so
ority.
Three new members were elected
to Cap and Gown, women's honorary
society, at a recent meeting of that
organization. The new members are
Dorothy Marston, '21, Frederika Mc-
Gee, '21, and Hester Proctor, '21.
Dorothy Marston is vice president
of W. A. A., rally chairman, women's
yell leader, and is a member of Y. W.
C. A. cabinet, 1921 hockey, baseball
and basketball teams, and Women's
Conference, and was in the Junior
Opera for two years. She is a mem
ber of Chi Omega.
Frederika McGee is president of
Roble Club, captain of the 1921 base
ball and hockey teams, senior repre
sentative to W. A. A., and a member
of Women's Conference and of the
French Club. She is a member of
Roblc Club.
Hester Proctor is the president, of
W. A. A., chairman of the Social Ser
vice Committee, and a member of the
hockey and tennis teams, and of the
French Club and Y. W. C. A. cabinet.
She belongs to Gamma Phi Beta so
ority.
Three new members were elected
to Cap and Gown, women's honorary
society, at a recent meeting of that
organization. The new members are
Dorothy Marston, '21, Frederika Mc-
Gee, '21, and Hester Proctor, '21.
Dorothy Marston is vice president
of W. A. A., rally chairman, women's
yell leader, and is a member of Y. W.
C. A. cabinet, 1921 hockey, baseball
and basketball teams, and Women's
Conference, and was in the Junior
Opera for two years. She is a mem
ber of Chi Omega.
Frederika McGee is president of
Roble Club, captain of the 1921 base
ball and hockey teams, senior repre
sentative to W. A. A., and a member
of Women's Conference and of the
French Club. She is a member of
Roblc Club.
Hester Proctor is the president, of
W. A. A., chairman of the Social Ser
vice Committee, and a member of the
hockey and tennis teams, and of the
French Club and Y. W. C. A. cabinet.
She belongs to Gamma Phi Beta so
ority.
Three new members were elected
to Cap and Gown, women's honorary
society, at a recent meeting of that
organization. The new members are
Dorothy Marston, '21, Frederika Mc-
Gee, '21, and Hester Proctor, '21.
Dorothy Marston is vice president
of W. A. A., rally chairman, women's
yell leader, and is a member of Y. W.
C. A. cabinet, 1921 hockey, baseball
and basketball teams, and Women's
Conference, and was in the Junior
Opera for two years. She is a mem
ber of Chi Omega.
Frederika McGee is president of
Roble Club, captain of the 1921 base
ball and hockey teams, senior repre
sentative to W. A. A., and a member
of Women's Conference and of the
French Club. She is a member of
Roblc Club.
Hester Proctor is the president, of
W. A. A., chairman of the Social Ser
vice Committee, and a member of the
hockey and tennis teams, and of the
French Club and Y. W. C. A. cabinet.
She belongs to Gamma Phi Beta so
ority.
Three new members were elected
to Cap and Gown, women's honorary
society, at a recent meeting of that
organization. The new members are
Dorothy Marston, '21, Frederika Mc-
Gee, '21, and Hester Proctor, '21.
Dorothy Marston is vice president
of W. A. A., rally chairman, women's
yell leader, and is a member of Y. W.
C. A. cabinet, 1921 hockey, baseball
and basketball teams, and Women's
Conference, and was in the Junior
Opera for two years. She is a mem
ber of Chi Omega.
Frederika McGee is president of
Roble Club, captain of the 1921 base
ball and hockey teams, senior repre
sentative to W. A. A., and a member
of Women's Conference and of the
French Club. She is a member of
Roblc Club.
Hester Proctor is the president, of
W. A. A., chairman of the Social Ser
vice Committee, and a member of the
hockey and tennis teams, and of the
French Club and Y. W. C. A. cabinet.
She belongs to Gamma Phi Beta so
ority.
Three new members were elected
to Cap and Gown, women's honorary
society, at a recent meeting of that
organization. The new members are
Dorothy Marston, '21, Frederika Mc-
Gee, '21, and Hester Proctor, '21.
Dorothy Marston is vice president
of W. A. A., rally chairman, women's
yell leader, and is a member of Y. W.
C. A. cabinet, 1921 hockey, baseball
and basketball teams, and Women's
Conference, and was in the Junior
Opera for two years. She is a mem
ber of Chi Omega.
Frederika McGee is president of
Roble Club, captain of the 1921 base
ball and hockey teams, senior repre
sentative to W. A. A., and a member
of Women's Conference and of the
French Club. She is a member of
Roblc Club.
Hester Proctor is the president, of
W. A. A., chairman of the Social Ser
vice Committee, and a member of the
hockey and tennis teams, and of the
French Club and Y. W. C. A. cabinet.
She belongs to Gamma Phi Beta so
ority.
Three new members were elected
to Cap and Gown, women's honorary
society, at a recent meeting of that
organization. The new members are
Dorothy Marston, '21, Frederika Mc-
Gee, '21, and Hester Proctor, '21.
Dorothy Marston is vice president
of W. A. A., rally chairman, women's
yell leader, and is a member of Y. W.
C. A. cabinet, 1921 hockey, baseball
and basketball teams, and Women's
Conference, and was in the Junior
Opera for two years. She is a mem
ber of Chi Omega.
Frederika McGee is president of
Roble Club, captain of the 1921 base
ball and hockey teams, senior repre
sentative to W. A. A., and a member
of Women's Conference and of the
French Club. She is a member of
Roblc Club.
Hester Proctor is the president, of
W. A. A., chairman of the Social Ser
vice Committee, and a member of the
hockey and tennis teams, and of the
French Club and Y. W. C. A. cabinet.
She belongs to Gamma Phi Beta so
ority.
Three new members were elected
to Cap and Gown, women's honorary
society, at a recent meeting of that
organization. The new members are
Dorothy Marston, '21, Frederika Mc-
Gee, '21, and Hester Proctor, '21.
Dorothy Marston is vice president
of W. A. A., rally chairman, women's
yell leader, and is a member of Y. W.
C. A. cabinet, 1921 hockey, baseball
and basketball teams, and Women's
Conference, and was in the Junior
Opera for two years. She is a mem
ber of Chi Omega.
Frederika McGee is president of
Roble Club, captain of the 1921 base
ball and hockey teams, senior repre
sentative to W. A. A., and a member
of Women's Conference and of the
French Club. She is a member of
Roblc Club.
Hester Proctor is the president, of
W. A. A., chairman of the Social Ser
vice Committee, and a member of the
hockey and tennis teams, and of the
French Club and Y. W. C. A. cabinet.
She belongs to Gamma Phi Beta so
ority.
Three new members were elected
to Cap and Gown, women's honorary
society, at a recent meeting of that
organization. The new members are
Dorothy Marston, '21, Frederika Mc-
Gee, '21, and Hester Proctor, '21.
Dorothy Marston is vice president
of W. A. A., rally chairman, women's
yell leader, and is a member of Y. W.
C. A. cabinet, 1921 hockey, baseball
and basketball teams, and Women's
Conference, and was in the Junior
Opera for two years. She is a mem
ber of Chi Omega.
Frederika McGee is president of
Roble Club, captain of the 1921 base
ball and hockey teams, senior repre
sentative to W. A. A., and a member
of Women's Conference and of the
French Club. She is a member of
Roblc Club.
Hester Proctor is the president, of
W. A. A., chairman of the Social Ser
vice Committee, and a member of the
hockey and tennis teams, and of the
French Club and Y. W. C. A. cabinet.
She belongs to Gamma Phi Beta so
ority.
Three new members were elected
to Cap and Gown, women's honorary
society, at a recent meeting of that
organization. The new members are
Dorothy Marston, '21, Frederika Mc-
Gee, '21, and Hester Proctor, '21.
Dorothy Marston is vice president
of W. A. A., rally chairman, women's
yell leader, and is a member of Y. W.
C. A. cabinet, 1921 hockey, baseball
and basketball teams, and Women's
Conference, and was in the Junior
Opera for two years. She is a mem
ber of Chi Omega.
Frederika McGee is president of
Roble Club, captain of the 1921 base
ball and hockey teams, senior repre
sentative to W. A. A., and a member
of Women's Conference and of the
French Club. She is a member of
Roblc Club.
Hester Proctor is the president, of
W. A. A., chairman of the Social Ser
vice Committee, and a member of the
hockey and tennis teams, and of the
French Club and Y. W. C. A. cabinet.
She belongs to Gamma Phi Beta so
ority.
