# UPPER CLASSMEN TO DISCIPLINE U . OF O. FRESHMEN AT REAL WEEKLY COURT TRIAL
## 
### 
No longer will members of the fresh
man class at the University of Oregon
be permitted to stroll upon the grass
or smoke cigarettes or appear in public
places without their time-honored green
top-pieces—at least, not and get away
with it!
For the Oregon athletes have formed
an association called the Order of the
"O," whose sole function will be the
perpetuation of the university's tradi
tions, and incidentally the punishment
of the transgressing freshmen. To make
matters worse, these men have decided
to hold a decidedly real court preced
in gthe regular weekly assembly on the
Library steps. There the suspected will
be summoned to trial, and there, also,
before both upperclassmen and co-eds,
the guilty will be summarily dealt with.
It has even been rumored that the old
"Oregon Persuader" will be called into
action in extreme cases of transgres
sions.
No longer will members of the fresh
man class at the University of Oregon
be permitted to stroll upon the grass
or smoke cigarettes or appear in public
places without their time-honored green
top-pieces—at least, not and get away
with it!
For the Oregon athletes have formed
an association called the Order of the
"O," whose sole function will be the
perpetuation of the university's tradi
tions, and incidentally the punishment
of the transgressing freshmen. To make
matters worse, these men have decided
to hold a decidedly real court preced
in gthe regular weekly assembly on the
Library steps. There the suspected will
be summoned to trial, and there, also,
before both upperclassmen and co-eds,
the guilty will be summarily dealt with.
It has even been rumored that the old
"Oregon Persuader" will be called into
action in extreme cases of transgres
sions.
No longer will members of the fresh
man class at the University of Oregon
be permitted to stroll upon the grass
or smoke cigarettes or appear in public
places without their time-honored green
top-pieces—at least, not and get away
with it!
For the Oregon athletes have formed
an association called the Order of the
"O," whose sole function will be the
perpetuation of the university's tradi
tions, and incidentally the punishment
of the transgressing freshmen. To make
matters worse, these men have decided
to hold a decidedly real court preced
in gthe regular weekly assembly on the
Library steps. There the suspected will
be summoned to trial, and there, also,
before both upperclassmen and co-eds,
the guilty will be summarily dealt with.
It has even been rumored that the old
"Oregon Persuader" will be called into
action in extreme cases of transgres
sions.
No longer will members of the fresh
man class at the University of Oregon
be permitted to stroll upon the grass
or smoke cigarettes or appear in public
places without their time-honored green
top-pieces—at least, not and get away
with it!
For the Oregon athletes have formed
an association called the Order of the
"O," whose sole function will be the
perpetuation of the university's tradi
tions, and incidentally the punishment
of the transgressing freshmen. To make
matters worse, these men have decided
to hold a decidedly real court preced
in gthe regular weekly assembly on the
Library steps. There the suspected will
be summoned to trial, and there, also,
before both upperclassmen and co-eds,
the guilty will be summarily dealt with.
It has even been rumored that the old
"Oregon Persuader" will be called into
action in extreme cases of transgres
sions.
No longer will members of the fresh
man class at the University of Oregon
be permitted to stroll upon the grass
or smoke cigarettes or appear in public
places without their time-honored green
top-pieces—at least, not and get away
with it!
For the Oregon athletes have formed
an association called the Order of the
"O," whose sole function will be the
perpetuation of the university's tradi
tions, and incidentally the punishment
of the transgressing freshmen. To make
matters worse, these men have decided
to hold a decidedly real court preced
in gthe regular weekly assembly on the
Library steps. There the suspected will
be summoned to trial, and there, also,
before both upperclassmen and co-eds,
the guilty will be summarily dealt with.
It has even been rumored that the old
"Oregon Persuader" will be called into
action in extreme cases of transgres
sions.
No longer will members of the fresh
man class at the University of Oregon
be permitted to stroll upon the grass
or smoke cigarettes or appear in public
places without their time-honored green
top-pieces—at least, not and get away
with it!
For the Oregon athletes have formed
an association called the Order of the
"O," whose sole function will be the
perpetuation of the university's tradi
tions, and incidentally the punishment
of the transgressing freshmen. To make
matters worse, these men have decided
to hold a decidedly real court preced
in gthe regular weekly assembly on the
Library steps. There the suspected will
be summoned to trial, and there, also,
before both upperclassmen and co-eds,
the guilty will be summarily dealt with.
It has even been rumored that the old
"Oregon Persuader" will be called into
action in extreme cases of transgres
sions.
No longer will members of the fresh
man class at the University of Oregon
be permitted to stroll upon the grass
or smoke cigarettes or appear in public
places without their time-honored green
top-pieces—at least, not and get away
with it!
For the Oregon athletes have formed
an association called the Order of the
"O," whose sole function will be the
perpetuation of the university's tradi
tions, and incidentally the punishment
of the transgressing freshmen. To make
matters worse, these men have decided
to hold a decidedly real court preced
in gthe regular weekly assembly on the
Library steps. There the suspected will
be summoned to trial, and there, also,
before both upperclassmen and co-eds,
the guilty will be summarily dealt with.
It has even been rumored that the old
"Oregon Persuader" will be called into
action in extreme cases of transgres
sions.
No longer will members of the fresh
man class at the University of Oregon
be permitted to stroll upon the grass
or smoke cigarettes or appear in public
places without their time-honored green
top-pieces—at least, not and get away
with it!
For the Oregon athletes have formed
an association called the Order of the
"O," whose sole function will be the
perpetuation of the university's tradi
tions, and incidentally the punishment
of the transgressing freshmen. To make
matters worse, these men have decided
to hold a decidedly real court preced
in gthe regular weekly assembly on the
Library steps. There the suspected will
be summoned to trial, and there, also,
before both upperclassmen and co-eds,
the guilty will be summarily dealt with.
It has even been rumored that the old
"Oregon Persuader" will be called into
action in extreme cases of transgres
sions.
No longer will members of the fresh
man class at the University of Oregon
be permitted to stroll upon the grass
or smoke cigarettes or appear in public
places without their time-honored green
top-pieces—at least, not and get away
with it!
For the Oregon athletes have formed
an association called the Order of the
"O," whose sole function will be the
perpetuation of the university's tradi
tions, and incidentally the punishment
of the transgressing freshmen. To make
matters worse, these men have decided
to hold a decidedly real court preced
in gthe regular weekly assembly on the
Library steps. There the suspected will
be summoned to trial, and there, also,
before both upperclassmen and co-eds,
the guilty will be summarily dealt with.
It has even been rumored that the old
"Oregon Persuader" will be called into
action in extreme cases of transgres
sions.
No longer will members of the fresh
man class at the University of Oregon
be permitted to stroll upon the grass
or smoke cigarettes or appear in public
places without their time-honored green
top-pieces—at least, not and get away
with it!
For the Oregon athletes have formed
an association called the Order of the
"O," whose sole function will be the
perpetuation of the university's tradi
tions, and incidentally the punishment
of the transgressing freshmen. To make
matters worse, these men have decided
to hold a decidedly real court preced
in gthe regular weekly assembly on the
Library steps. There the suspected will
be summoned to trial, and there, also,
before both upperclassmen and co-eds,
the guilty will be summarily dealt with.
It has even been rumored that the old
"Oregon Persuader" will be called into
action in extreme cases of transgres
sions.
No longer will members of the fresh
man class at the University of Oregon
be permitted to stroll upon the grass
or smoke cigarettes or appear in public
places without their time-honored green
top-pieces—at least, not and get away
with it!
For the Oregon athletes have formed
an association called the Order of the
"O," whose sole function will be the
perpetuation of the university's tradi
tions, and incidentally the punishment
of the transgressing freshmen. To make
matters worse, these men have decided
to hold a decidedly real court preced
in gthe regular weekly assembly on the
Library steps. There the suspected will
be summoned to trial, and there, also,
before both upperclassmen and co-eds,
the guilty will be summarily dealt with.
It has even been rumored that the old
"Oregon Persuader" will be called into
action in extreme cases of transgres
sions.
No longer will members of the fresh
man class at the University of Oregon
be permitted to stroll upon the grass
or smoke cigarettes or appear in public
places without their time-honored green
top-pieces—at least, not and get away
with it!
For the Oregon athletes have formed
an association called the Order of the
"O," whose sole function will be the
perpetuation of the university's tradi
tions, and incidentally the punishment
of the transgressing freshmen. To make
matters worse, these men have decided
to hold a decidedly real court preced
in gthe regular weekly assembly on the
Library steps. There the suspected will
be summoned to trial, and there, also,
before both upperclassmen and co-eds,
the guilty will be summarily dealt with.
It has even been rumored that the old
"Oregon Persuader" will be called into
action in extreme cases of transgres
sions.
No longer will members of the fresh
man class at the University of Oregon
be permitted to stroll upon the grass
or smoke cigarettes or appear in public
places without their time-honored green
top-pieces—at least, not and get away
with it!
For the Oregon athletes have formed
an association called the Order of the
"O," whose sole function will be the
perpetuation of the university's tradi
tions, and incidentally the punishment
of the transgressing freshmen. To make
matters worse, these men have decided
to hold a decidedly real court preced
in gthe regular weekly assembly on the
Library steps. There the suspected will
be summoned to trial, and there, also,
before both upperclassmen and co-eds,
the guilty will be summarily dealt with.
It has even been rumored that the old
"Oregon Persuader" will be called into
action in extreme cases of transgres
sions.
