# Frosh Debaters Meet Girls High Tomorrow
## 
### 
Frosh debaters, Winton Close and
Wayne Richardsorj, will meet Girls'
High tomorrow afternoon in Sap
Francisco. They will uphold the af
firmative of the question, "Resolved:
that the several states shpuld enact
legislation of compulsory health in
surance."
" Tentative arrangements have also
been made to meet Lowell High
next Sunday afternoon. Robert
Hartman, Bill Clayton, and Carl
Barrow will take the negative of the
above question.
Frosh debaters, Winton Close and
Wayne Richardsorj, will meet Girls'
High tomorrow afternoon in Sap
Francisco. They will uphold the af
firmative of the question, "Resolved:
that the several states shpuld enact
legislation of compulsory health in
surance."
" Tentative arrangements have also
been made to meet Lowell High
next Sunday afternoon. Robert
Hartman, Bill Clayton, and Carl
Barrow will take the negative of the
above question.
Frosh debaters, Winton Close and
Wayne Richardsorj, will meet Girls'
High tomorrow afternoon in Sap
Francisco. They will uphold the af
firmative of the question, "Resolved:
that the several states shpuld enact
legislation of compulsory health in
surance."
" Tentative arrangements have also
been made to meet Lowell High
next Sunday afternoon. Robert
Hartman, Bill Clayton, and Carl
Barrow will take the negative of the
above question.
Frosh debaters, Winton Close and
Wayne Richardsorj, will meet Girls'
High tomorrow afternoon in Sap
Francisco. They will uphold the af
firmative of the question, "Resolved:
that the several states shpuld enact
legislation of compulsory health in
surance."
" Tentative arrangements have also
been made to meet Lowell High
next Sunday afternoon. Robert
Hartman, Bill Clayton, and Carl
Barrow will take the negative of the
above question.
Frosh debaters, Winton Close and
Wayne Richardsorj, will meet Girls'
High tomorrow afternoon in Sap
Francisco. They will uphold the af
firmative of the question, "Resolved:
that the several states shpuld enact
legislation of compulsory health in
surance."
" Tentative arrangements have also
been made to meet Lowell High
next Sunday afternoon. Robert
Hartman, Bill Clayton, and Carl
Barrow will take the negative of the
above question.
Frosh debaters, Winton Close and
Wayne Richardsorj, will meet Girls'
High tomorrow afternoon in Sap
Francisco. They will uphold the af
firmative of the question, "Resolved:
that the several states shpuld enact
legislation of compulsory health in
surance."
" Tentative arrangements have also
been made to meet Lowell High
next Sunday afternoon. Robert
Hartman, Bill Clayton, and Carl
Barrow will take the negative of the
above question.
Frosh debaters, Winton Close and
Wayne Richardsorj, will meet Girls'
High tomorrow afternoon in Sap
Francisco. They will uphold the af
firmative of the question, "Resolved:
that the several states shpuld enact
legislation of compulsory health in
surance."
" Tentative arrangements have also
been made to meet Lowell High
next Sunday afternoon. Robert
Hartman, Bill Clayton, and Carl
Barrow will take the negative of the
above question.
Frosh debaters, Winton Close and
Wayne Richardsorj, will meet Girls'
High tomorrow afternoon in Sap
Francisco. They will uphold the af
firmative of the question, "Resolved:
that the several states shpuld enact
legislation of compulsory health in
surance."
" Tentative arrangements have also
been made to meet Lowell High
next Sunday afternoon. Robert
Hartman, Bill Clayton, and Carl
Barrow will take the negative of the
above question.
Frosh debaters, Winton Close and
Wayne Richardsorj, will meet Girls'
High tomorrow afternoon in Sap
Francisco. They will uphold the af
firmative of the question, "Resolved:
that the several states shpuld enact
legislation of compulsory health in
surance."
" Tentative arrangements have also
been made to meet Lowell High
next Sunday afternoon. Robert
Hartman, Bill Clayton, and Carl
Barrow will take the negative of the
above question.
Frosh debaters, Winton Close and
Wayne Richardsorj, will meet Girls'
High tomorrow afternoon in Sap
Francisco. They will uphold the af
firmative of the question, "Resolved:
that the several states shpuld enact
legislation of compulsory health in
surance."
" Tentative arrangements have also
been made to meet Lowell High
next Sunday afternoon. Robert
Hartman, Bill Clayton, and Carl
Barrow will take the negative of the
above question.
Frosh debaters, Winton Close and
Wayne Richardsorj, will meet Girls'
High tomorrow afternoon in Sap
Francisco. They will uphold the af
firmative of the question, "Resolved:
that the several states shpuld enact
legislation of compulsory health in
surance."
" Tentative arrangements have also
been made to meet Lowell High
next Sunday afternoon. Robert
Hartman, Bill Clayton, and Carl
Barrow will take the negative of the
above question.
Frosh debaters, Winton Close and
Wayne Richardsorj, will meet Girls'
High tomorrow afternoon in Sap
Francisco. They will uphold the af
firmative of the question, "Resolved:
that the several states shpuld enact
legislation of compulsory health in
surance."
" Tentative arrangements have also
been made to meet Lowell High
next Sunday afternoon. Robert
Hartman, Bill Clayton, and Carl
Barrow will take the negative of the
above question.
Frosh debaters, Winton Close and
Wayne Richardsorj, will meet Girls'
High tomorrow afternoon in Sap
Francisco. They will uphold the af
firmative of the question, "Resolved:
that the several states shpuld enact
legislation of compulsory health in
surance."
" Tentative arrangements have also
been made to meet Lowell High
next Sunday afternoon. Robert
Hartman, Bill Clayton, and Carl
Barrow will take the negative of the
above question.
Frosh debaters, Winton Close and
Wayne Richardsorj, will meet Girls'
High tomorrow afternoon in Sap
Francisco. They will uphold the af
firmative of the question, "Resolved:
that the several states shpuld enact
legislation of compulsory health in
surance."
" Tentative arrangements have also
been made to meet Lowell High
next Sunday afternoon. Robert
Hartman, Bill Clayton, and Carl
Barrow will take the negative of the
above question.
Frosh debaters, Winton Close and
Wayne Richardsorj, will meet Girls'
High tomorrow afternoon in Sap
Francisco. They will uphold the af
firmative of the question, "Resolved:
that the several states shpuld enact
legislation of compulsory health in
surance."
" Tentative arrangements have also
been made to meet Lowell High
next Sunday afternoon. Robert
Hartman, Bill Clayton, and Carl
Barrow will take the negative of the
above question.
