# "THE CRADLE SONG" WILL BE PRESENTED NEXT FRIDAY NIGHT
## Union Court to Be Scene Of Martinez-Sierra Spanish Play 
### 
G. Martinez-Sierra' Spanish play,
"The Cradle Song," will be presented
a week from tonight in the Union
Court.
As the scene of the play is centered
around a convent in Spain, the entire
Union Court will be turned into a
convent yard, and the audience will
be admitted into the cloister. Nuns
will wander through the cloisters dur
ing the play as if they lived there.
The plot of tiie play is simple, and
emphasis will be laid on sincerity of
acting and the effectiveness of produc
tion. Candles will be used to a great
extent for soft lighting effects,
"The Cradle Song" was one of the
main factors for putting Eva Le
Gallienne's Civic Repertory on its
feet, and was one of the greatest suc
cesses produced in New York last win
ter.
The play in tfife Union Court, under
the direction of Mrs. Margaret Shedd
Kisich, will be presented by the mem
bers of the class in Reading and Stag
ing of Plays as a demonstration of
their class work.
G. Martinez-Sierra' Spanish play,
"The Cradle Song," will be presented
a week from tonight in the Union
Court.
As the scene of the play is centered
around a convent in Spain, the entire
Union Court will be turned into a
convent yard, and the audience will
be admitted into the cloister. Nuns
will wander through the cloisters dur
ing the play as if they lived there.
The plot of tiie play is simple, and
emphasis will be laid on sincerity of
acting and the effectiveness of produc
tion. Candles will be used to a great
extent for soft lighting effects,
"The Cradle Song" was one of the
main factors for putting Eva Le
Gallienne's Civic Repertory on its
feet, and was one of the greatest suc
cesses produced in New York last win
ter.
The play in tfife Union Court, under
the direction of Mrs. Margaret Shedd
Kisich, will be presented by the mem
bers of the class in Reading and Stag
ing of Plays as a demonstration of
their class work.
G. Martinez-Sierra' Spanish play,
"The Cradle Song," will be presented
a week from tonight in the Union
Court.
As the scene of the play is centered
around a convent in Spain, the entire
Union Court will be turned into a
convent yard, and the audience will
be admitted into the cloister. Nuns
will wander through the cloisters dur
ing the play as if they lived there.
The plot of tiie play is simple, and
emphasis will be laid on sincerity of
acting and the effectiveness of produc
tion. Candles will be used to a great
extent for soft lighting effects,
"The Cradle Song" was one of the
main factors for putting Eva Le
Gallienne's Civic Repertory on its
feet, and was one of the greatest suc
cesses produced in New York last win
ter.
The play in tfife Union Court, under
the direction of Mrs. Margaret Shedd
Kisich, will be presented by the mem
bers of the class in Reading and Stag
ing of Plays as a demonstration of
their class work.
G. Martinez-Sierra' Spanish play,
"The Cradle Song," will be presented
a week from tonight in the Union
Court.
As the scene of the play is centered
around a convent in Spain, the entire
Union Court will be turned into a
convent yard, and the audience will
be admitted into the cloister. Nuns
will wander through the cloisters dur
ing the play as if they lived there.
The plot of tiie play is simple, and
emphasis will be laid on sincerity of
acting and the effectiveness of produc
tion. Candles will be used to a great
extent for soft lighting effects,
"The Cradle Song" was one of the
main factors for putting Eva Le
Gallienne's Civic Repertory on its
feet, and was one of the greatest suc
cesses produced in New York last win
ter.
The play in tfife Union Court, under
the direction of Mrs. Margaret Shedd
Kisich, will be presented by the mem
bers of the class in Reading and Stag
ing of Plays as a demonstration of
their class work.
G. Martinez-Sierra' Spanish play,
"The Cradle Song," will be presented
a week from tonight in the Union
Court.
As the scene of the play is centered
around a convent in Spain, the entire
Union Court will be turned into a
convent yard, and the audience will
be admitted into the cloister. Nuns
will wander through the cloisters dur
ing the play as if they lived there.
The plot of tiie play is simple, and
emphasis will be laid on sincerity of
acting and the effectiveness of produc
tion. Candles will be used to a great
extent for soft lighting effects,
"The Cradle Song" was one of the
main factors for putting Eva Le
Gallienne's Civic Repertory on its
feet, and was one of the greatest suc
cesses produced in New York last win
ter.
The play in tfife Union Court, under
the direction of Mrs. Margaret Shedd
Kisich, will be presented by the mem
bers of the class in Reading and Stag
ing of Plays as a demonstration of
their class work.
G. Martinez-Sierra' Spanish play,
"The Cradle Song," will be presented
a week from tonight in the Union
Court.
As the scene of the play is centered
around a convent in Spain, the entire
Union Court will be turned into a
convent yard, and the audience will
be admitted into the cloister. Nuns
will wander through the cloisters dur
ing the play as if they lived there.
The plot of tiie play is simple, and
emphasis will be laid on sincerity of
acting and the effectiveness of produc
tion. Candles will be used to a great
extent for soft lighting effects,
"The Cradle Song" was one of the
main factors for putting Eva Le
Gallienne's Civic Repertory on its
feet, and was one of the greatest suc
cesses produced in New York last win
ter.
The play in tfife Union Court, under
the direction of Mrs. Margaret Shedd
Kisich, will be presented by the mem
bers of the class in Reading and Stag
ing of Plays as a demonstration of
their class work.
G. Martinez-Sierra' Spanish play,
"The Cradle Song," will be presented
a week from tonight in the Union
Court.
As the scene of the play is centered
around a convent in Spain, the entire
Union Court will be turned into a
convent yard, and the audience will
be admitted into the cloister. Nuns
will wander through the cloisters dur
ing the play as if they lived there.
The plot of tiie play is simple, and
emphasis will be laid on sincerity of
acting and the effectiveness of produc
tion. Candles will be used to a great
extent for soft lighting effects,
"The Cradle Song" was one of the
main factors for putting Eva Le
Gallienne's Civic Repertory on its
feet, and was one of the greatest suc
cesses produced in New York last win
ter.
The play in tfife Union Court, under
the direction of Mrs. Margaret Shedd
Kisich, will be presented by the mem
bers of the class in Reading and Stag
ing of Plays as a demonstration of
their class work.
G. Martinez-Sierra' Spanish play,
"The Cradle Song," will be presented
a week from tonight in the Union
Court.
As the scene of the play is centered
around a convent in Spain, the entire
Union Court will be turned into a
convent yard, and the audience will
be admitted into the cloister. Nuns
will wander through the cloisters dur
ing the play as if they lived there.
The plot of tiie play is simple, and
emphasis will be laid on sincerity of
acting and the effectiveness of produc
tion. Candles will be used to a great
extent for soft lighting effects,
"The Cradle Song" was one of the
main factors for putting Eva Le
Gallienne's Civic Repertory on its
feet, and was one of the greatest suc
cesses produced in New York last win
ter.
The play in tfife Union Court, under
the direction of Mrs. Margaret Shedd
Kisich, will be presented by the mem
bers of the class in Reading and Stag
ing of Plays as a demonstration of
their class work.
G. Martinez-Sierra' Spanish play,
"The Cradle Song," will be presented
a week from tonight in the Union
Court.
As the scene of the play is centered
around a convent in Spain, the entire
Union Court will be turned into a
convent yard, and the audience will
be admitted into the cloister. Nuns
will wander through the cloisters dur
ing the play as if they lived there.
The plot of tiie play is simple, and
emphasis will be laid on sincerity of
acting and the effectiveness of produc
tion. Candles will be used to a great
extent for soft lighting effects,
"The Cradle Song" was one of the
main factors for putting Eva Le
Gallienne's Civic Repertory on its
feet, and was one of the greatest suc
cesses produced in New York last win
ter.
The play in tfife Union Court, under
the direction of Mrs. Margaret Shedd
Kisich, will be presented by the mem
bers of the class in Reading and Stag
ing of Plays as a demonstration of
their class work.
G. Martinez-Sierra' Spanish play,
"The Cradle Song," will be presented
a week from tonight in the Union
Court.
As the scene of the play is centered
around a convent in Spain, the entire
Union Court will be turned into a
convent yard, and the audience will
be admitted into the cloister. Nuns
will wander through the cloisters dur
ing the play as if they lived there.
The plot of tiie play is simple, and
emphasis will be laid on sincerity of
acting and the effectiveness of produc
tion. Candles will be used to a great
extent for soft lighting effects,
"The Cradle Song" was one of the
main factors for putting Eva Le
Gallienne's Civic Repertory on its
feet, and was one of the greatest suc
cesses produced in New York last win
ter.
The play in tfife Union Court, under
the direction of Mrs. Margaret Shedd
Kisich, will be presented by the mem
bers of the class in Reading and Stag
ing of Plays as a demonstration of
their class work.
G. Martinez-Sierra' Spanish play,
"The Cradle Song," will be presented
a week from tonight in the Union
Court.
As the scene of the play is centered
around a convent in Spain, the entire
Union Court will be turned into a
convent yard, and the audience will
be admitted into the cloister. Nuns
will wander through the cloisters dur
ing the play as if they lived there.
The plot of tiie play is simple, and
emphasis will be laid on sincerity of
acting and the effectiveness of produc
tion. Candles will be used to a great
extent for soft lighting effects,
"The Cradle Song" was one of the
main factors for putting Eva Le
Gallienne's Civic Repertory on its
feet, and was one of the greatest suc
cesses produced in New York last win
ter.
The play in tfife Union Court, under
the direction of Mrs. Margaret Shedd
Kisich, will be presented by the mem
bers of the class in Reading and Stag
ing of Plays as a demonstration of
their class work.
G. Martinez-Sierra' Spanish play,
"The Cradle Song," will be presented
a week from tonight in the Union
Court.
As the scene of the play is centered
around a convent in Spain, the entire
Union Court will be turned into a
convent yard, and the audience will
be admitted into the cloister. Nuns
will wander through the cloisters dur
ing the play as if they lived there.
The plot of tiie play is simple, and
emphasis will be laid on sincerity of
acting and the effectiveness of produc
tion. Candles will be used to a great
extent for soft lighting effects,
"The Cradle Song" was one of the
main factors for putting Eva Le
Gallienne's Civic Repertory on its
feet, and was one of the greatest suc
cesses produced in New York last win
ter.
The play in tfife Union Court, under
the direction of Mrs. Margaret Shedd
Kisich, will be presented by the mem
bers of the class in Reading and Stag
ing of Plays as a demonstration of
their class work.
G. Martinez-Sierra' Spanish play,
"The Cradle Song," will be presented
a week from tonight in the Union
Court.
As the scene of the play is centered
around a convent in Spain, the entire
Union Court will be turned into a
convent yard, and the audience will
be admitted into the cloister. Nuns
will wander through the cloisters dur
ing the play as if they lived there.
The plot of tiie play is simple, and
emphasis will be laid on sincerity of
acting and the effectiveness of produc
tion. Candles will be used to a great
extent for soft lighting effects,
"The Cradle Song" was one of the
main factors for putting Eva Le
Gallienne's Civic Repertory on its
feet, and was one of the greatest suc
cesses produced in New York last win
ter.
The play in tfife Union Court, under
the direction of Mrs. Margaret Shedd
Kisich, will be presented by the mem
bers of the class in Reading and Stag
ing of Plays as a demonstration of
their class work.
G. Martinez-Sierra' Spanish play,
"The Cradle Song," will be presented
a week from tonight in the Union
Court.
As the scene of the play is centered
around a convent in Spain, the entire
Union Court will be turned into a
convent yard, and the audience will
be admitted into the cloister. Nuns
will wander through the cloisters dur
ing the play as if they lived there.
The plot of tiie play is simple, and
emphasis will be laid on sincerity of
acting and the effectiveness of produc
tion. Candles will be used to a great
extent for soft lighting effects,
"The Cradle Song" was one of the
main factors for putting Eva Le
Gallienne's Civic Repertory on its
feet, and was one of the greatest suc
cesses produced in New York last win
ter.
The play in tfife Union Court, under
the direction of Mrs. Margaret Shedd
Kisich, will be presented by the mem
bers of the class in Reading and Stag
ing of Plays as a demonstration of
their class work.
G. Martinez-Sierra' Spanish play,
"The Cradle Song," will be presented
a week from tonight in the Union
Court.
As the scene of the play is centered
around a convent in Spain, the entire
Union Court will be turned into a
convent yard, and the audience will
be admitted into the cloister. Nuns
will wander through the cloisters dur
ing the play as if they lived there.
The plot of tiie play is simple, and
emphasis will be laid on sincerity of
acting and the effectiveness of produc
tion. Candles will be used to a great
extent for soft lighting effects,
"The Cradle Song" was one of the
main factors for putting Eva Le
Gallienne's Civic Repertory on its
feet, and was one of the greatest suc
cesses produced in New York last win
ter.
The play in tfife Union Court, under
the direction of Mrs. Margaret Shedd
Kisich, will be presented by the mem
bers of the class in Reading and Stag
ing of Plays as a demonstration of
their class work.
