# SATURDAY EXCURSION TO FOLLOW WINDING ROAD TO SANTA CRUZ
## 
### 
"The tvvistiest and most beautiful road"
on which he had ever traveled, is the way
Cornelius Vanderbilt characterized the
route to be followed by Saturday's auto
mobile excursion to Santa Cruz.
A marvelous feat of enginering, this
road winds through the Santa Cruz
mountains, past scores of picturesque re
sorts among the redwoods; and at every
turn affords new vistas of the great or
chard district that lies about Saratoga
and Los Gatos. Fifty-one miles of travel
will bring the party to Santa Cruz where
a stop of about six hours will be made.
Santa Cruz was once a station of the
California Mission chain; the mission
established there was destroyed by pil
lage, war, and the elements, leaving few
remnants on the site west of the town.
The beach is one of the best bathing
spots in Northern California, and its
board walk with a variety of amusements
makes it a veritable Coney Island. Other
scenic attractions are the Arch Rock, and
the breakers.
The excursion will leave Stanford Union
at 8 a.m. to-morrow, and return about 4
in the afternoon.
"The tvvistiest and most beautiful road"
on which he had ever traveled, is the way
Cornelius Vanderbilt characterized the
route to be followed by Saturday's auto
mobile excursion to Santa Cruz.
A marvelous feat of enginering, this
road winds through the Santa Cruz
mountains, past scores of picturesque re
sorts among the redwoods; and at every
turn affords new vistas of the great or
chard district that lies about Saratoga
and Los Gatos. Fifty-one miles of travel
will bring the party to Santa Cruz where
a stop of about six hours will be made.
Santa Cruz was once a station of the
California Mission chain; the mission
established there was destroyed by pil
lage, war, and the elements, leaving few
remnants on the site west of the town.
The beach is one of the best bathing
spots in Northern California, and its
board walk with a variety of amusements
makes it a veritable Coney Island. Other
scenic attractions are the Arch Rock, and
the breakers.
The excursion will leave Stanford Union
at 8 a.m. to-morrow, and return about 4
in the afternoon.
"The tvvistiest and most beautiful road"
on which he had ever traveled, is the way
Cornelius Vanderbilt characterized the
route to be followed by Saturday's auto
mobile excursion to Santa Cruz.
A marvelous feat of enginering, this
road winds through the Santa Cruz
mountains, past scores of picturesque re
sorts among the redwoods; and at every
turn affords new vistas of the great or
chard district that lies about Saratoga
and Los Gatos. Fifty-one miles of travel
will bring the party to Santa Cruz where
a stop of about six hours will be made.
Santa Cruz was once a station of the
California Mission chain; the mission
established there was destroyed by pil
lage, war, and the elements, leaving few
remnants on the site west of the town.
The beach is one of the best bathing
spots in Northern California, and its
board walk with a variety of amusements
makes it a veritable Coney Island. Other
scenic attractions are the Arch Rock, and
the breakers.
The excursion will leave Stanford Union
at 8 a.m. to-morrow, and return about 4
in the afternoon.
"The tvvistiest and most beautiful road"
on which he had ever traveled, is the way
Cornelius Vanderbilt characterized the
route to be followed by Saturday's auto
mobile excursion to Santa Cruz.
A marvelous feat of enginering, this
road winds through the Santa Cruz
mountains, past scores of picturesque re
sorts among the redwoods; and at every
turn affords new vistas of the great or
chard district that lies about Saratoga
and Los Gatos. Fifty-one miles of travel
will bring the party to Santa Cruz where
a stop of about six hours will be made.
Santa Cruz was once a station of the
California Mission chain; the mission
established there was destroyed by pil
lage, war, and the elements, leaving few
remnants on the site west of the town.
The beach is one of the best bathing
spots in Northern California, and its
board walk with a variety of amusements
makes it a veritable Coney Island. Other
scenic attractions are the Arch Rock, and
the breakers.
The excursion will leave Stanford Union
at 8 a.m. to-morrow, and return about 4
in the afternoon.
"The tvvistiest and most beautiful road"
on which he had ever traveled, is the way
Cornelius Vanderbilt characterized the
route to be followed by Saturday's auto
mobile excursion to Santa Cruz.
A marvelous feat of enginering, this
road winds through the Santa Cruz
mountains, past scores of picturesque re
sorts among the redwoods; and at every
turn affords new vistas of the great or
chard district that lies about Saratoga
and Los Gatos. Fifty-one miles of travel
will bring the party to Santa Cruz where
a stop of about six hours will be made.
Santa Cruz was once a station of the
California Mission chain; the mission
established there was destroyed by pil
lage, war, and the elements, leaving few
remnants on the site west of the town.
The beach is one of the best bathing
spots in Northern California, and its
board walk with a variety of amusements
makes it a veritable Coney Island. Other
scenic attractions are the Arch Rock, and
the breakers.
The excursion will leave Stanford Union
at 8 a.m. to-morrow, and return about 4
in the afternoon.
"The tvvistiest and most beautiful road"
on which he had ever traveled, is the way
Cornelius Vanderbilt characterized the
route to be followed by Saturday's auto
mobile excursion to Santa Cruz.
A marvelous feat of enginering, this
road winds through the Santa Cruz
mountains, past scores of picturesque re
sorts among the redwoods; and at every
turn affords new vistas of the great or
chard district that lies about Saratoga
and Los Gatos. Fifty-one miles of travel
will bring the party to Santa Cruz where
a stop of about six hours will be made.
Santa Cruz was once a station of the
California Mission chain; the mission
established there was destroyed by pil
lage, war, and the elements, leaving few
remnants on the site west of the town.
The beach is one of the best bathing
spots in Northern California, and its
board walk with a variety of amusements
makes it a veritable Coney Island. Other
scenic attractions are the Arch Rock, and
the breakers.
The excursion will leave Stanford Union
at 8 a.m. to-morrow, and return about 4
in the afternoon.
"The tvvistiest and most beautiful road"
on which he had ever traveled, is the way
Cornelius Vanderbilt characterized the
route to be followed by Saturday's auto
mobile excursion to Santa Cruz.
A marvelous feat of enginering, this
road winds through the Santa Cruz
mountains, past scores of picturesque re
sorts among the redwoods; and at every
turn affords new vistas of the great or
chard district that lies about Saratoga
and Los Gatos. Fifty-one miles of travel
will bring the party to Santa Cruz where
a stop of about six hours will be made.
Santa Cruz was once a station of the
California Mission chain; the mission
established there was destroyed by pil
lage, war, and the elements, leaving few
remnants on the site west of the town.
The beach is one of the best bathing
spots in Northern California, and its
board walk with a variety of amusements
makes it a veritable Coney Island. Other
scenic attractions are the Arch Rock, and
the breakers.
The excursion will leave Stanford Union
at 8 a.m. to-morrow, and return about 4
in the afternoon.
"The tvvistiest and most beautiful road"
on which he had ever traveled, is the way
Cornelius Vanderbilt characterized the
route to be followed by Saturday's auto
mobile excursion to Santa Cruz.
A marvelous feat of enginering, this
road winds through the Santa Cruz
mountains, past scores of picturesque re
sorts among the redwoods; and at every
turn affords new vistas of the great or
chard district that lies about Saratoga
and Los Gatos. Fifty-one miles of travel
will bring the party to Santa Cruz where
a stop of about six hours will be made.
Santa Cruz was once a station of the
California Mission chain; the mission
established there was destroyed by pil
lage, war, and the elements, leaving few
remnants on the site west of the town.
The beach is one of the best bathing
spots in Northern California, and its
board walk with a variety of amusements
makes it a veritable Coney Island. Other
scenic attractions are the Arch Rock, and
the breakers.
The excursion will leave Stanford Union
at 8 a.m. to-morrow, and return about 4
in the afternoon.
"The tvvistiest and most beautiful road"
on which he had ever traveled, is the way
Cornelius Vanderbilt characterized the
route to be followed by Saturday's auto
mobile excursion to Santa Cruz.
A marvelous feat of enginering, this
road winds through the Santa Cruz
mountains, past scores of picturesque re
sorts among the redwoods; and at every
turn affords new vistas of the great or
chard district that lies about Saratoga
and Los Gatos. Fifty-one miles of travel
will bring the party to Santa Cruz where
a stop of about six hours will be made.
Santa Cruz was once a station of the
California Mission chain; the mission
established there was destroyed by pil
lage, war, and the elements, leaving few
remnants on the site west of the town.
The beach is one of the best bathing
spots in Northern California, and its
board walk with a variety of amusements
makes it a veritable Coney Island. Other
scenic attractions are the Arch Rock, and
the breakers.
The excursion will leave Stanford Union
at 8 a.m. to-morrow, and return about 4
in the afternoon.
"The tvvistiest and most beautiful road"
on which he had ever traveled, is the way
Cornelius Vanderbilt characterized the
route to be followed by Saturday's auto
mobile excursion to Santa Cruz.
A marvelous feat of enginering, this
road winds through the Santa Cruz
mountains, past scores of picturesque re
sorts among the redwoods; and at every
turn affords new vistas of the great or
chard district that lies about Saratoga
and Los Gatos. Fifty-one miles of travel
will bring the party to Santa Cruz where
a stop of about six hours will be made.
Santa Cruz was once a station of the
California Mission chain; the mission
established there was destroyed by pil
lage, war, and the elements, leaving few
remnants on the site west of the town.
The beach is one of the best bathing
spots in Northern California, and its
board walk with a variety of amusements
makes it a veritable Coney Island. Other
scenic attractions are the Arch Rock, and
the breakers.
The excursion will leave Stanford Union
at 8 a.m. to-morrow, and return about 4
in the afternoon.
"The tvvistiest and most beautiful road"
on which he had ever traveled, is the way
Cornelius Vanderbilt characterized the
route to be followed by Saturday's auto
mobile excursion to Santa Cruz.
A marvelous feat of enginering, this
road winds through the Santa Cruz
mountains, past scores of picturesque re
sorts among the redwoods; and at every
turn affords new vistas of the great or
chard district that lies about Saratoga
and Los Gatos. Fifty-one miles of travel
will bring the party to Santa Cruz where
a stop of about six hours will be made.
Santa Cruz was once a station of the
California Mission chain; the mission
established there was destroyed by pil
lage, war, and the elements, leaving few
remnants on the site west of the town.
The beach is one of the best bathing
spots in Northern California, and its
board walk with a variety of amusements
makes it a veritable Coney Island. Other
scenic attractions are the Arch Rock, and
the breakers.
The excursion will leave Stanford Union
at 8 a.m. to-morrow, and return about 4
in the afternoon.
"The tvvistiest and most beautiful road"
on which he had ever traveled, is the way
Cornelius Vanderbilt characterized the
route to be followed by Saturday's auto
mobile excursion to Santa Cruz.
A marvelous feat of enginering, this
road winds through the Santa Cruz
mountains, past scores of picturesque re
sorts among the redwoods; and at every
turn affords new vistas of the great or
chard district that lies about Saratoga
and Los Gatos. Fifty-one miles of travel
will bring the party to Santa Cruz where
a stop of about six hours will be made.
Santa Cruz was once a station of the
California Mission chain; the mission
established there was destroyed by pil
lage, war, and the elements, leaving few
remnants on the site west of the town.
The beach is one of the best bathing
spots in Northern California, and its
board walk with a variety of amusements
makes it a veritable Coney Island. Other
scenic attractions are the Arch Rock, and
the breakers.
The excursion will leave Stanford Union
at 8 a.m. to-morrow, and return about 4
in the afternoon.
"The tvvistiest and most beautiful road"
on which he had ever traveled, is the way
Cornelius Vanderbilt characterized the
route to be followed by Saturday's auto
mobile excursion to Santa Cruz.
A marvelous feat of enginering, this
road winds through the Santa Cruz
mountains, past scores of picturesque re
sorts among the redwoods; and at every
turn affords new vistas of the great or
chard district that lies about Saratoga
and Los Gatos. Fifty-one miles of travel
will bring the party to Santa Cruz where
a stop of about six hours will be made.
Santa Cruz was once a station of the
California Mission chain; the mission
established there was destroyed by pil
lage, war, and the elements, leaving few
remnants on the site west of the town.
The beach is one of the best bathing
spots in Northern California, and its
board walk with a variety of amusements
makes it a veritable Coney Island. Other
scenic attractions are the Arch Rock, and
the breakers.
The excursion will leave Stanford Union
at 8 a.m. to-morrow, and return about 4
in the afternoon.
"The tvvistiest and most beautiful road"
on which he had ever traveled, is the way
Cornelius Vanderbilt characterized the
route to be followed by Saturday's auto
mobile excursion to Santa Cruz.
A marvelous feat of enginering, this
road winds through the Santa Cruz
mountains, past scores of picturesque re
sorts among the redwoods; and at every
turn affords new vistas of the great or
chard district that lies about Saratoga
and Los Gatos. Fifty-one miles of travel
will bring the party to Santa Cruz where
a stop of about six hours will be made.
Santa Cruz was once a station of the
California Mission chain; the mission
established there was destroyed by pil
lage, war, and the elements, leaving few
remnants on the site west of the town.
The beach is one of the best bathing
spots in Northern California, and its
board walk with a variety of amusements
makes it a veritable Coney Island. Other
scenic attractions are the Arch Rock, and
the breakers.
The excursion will leave Stanford Union
at 8 a.m. to-morrow, and return about 4
in the afternoon.
"The tvvistiest and most beautiful road"
on which he had ever traveled, is the way
Cornelius Vanderbilt characterized the
route to be followed by Saturday's auto
mobile excursion to Santa Cruz.
A marvelous feat of enginering, this
road winds through the Santa Cruz
mountains, past scores of picturesque re
sorts among the redwoods; and at every
turn affords new vistas of the great or
chard district that lies about Saratoga
and Los Gatos. Fifty-one miles of travel
will bring the party to Santa Cruz where
a stop of about six hours will be made.
Santa Cruz was once a station of the
California Mission chain; the mission
established there was destroyed by pil
lage, war, and the elements, leaving few
remnants on the site west of the town.
The beach is one of the best bathing
spots in Northern California, and its
board walk with a variety of amusements
makes it a veritable Coney Island. Other
scenic attractions are the Arch Rock, and
the breakers.
The excursion will leave Stanford Union
at 8 a.m. to-morrow, and return about 4
in the afternoon.
