# COLLEGES TO KEEP GROWING
## 
### 
The popularity of American college
education, which is now drawing 850,-
000 young men and women yearly to
institutions of higher learning, is like
ly to go on increasing for twenty-five
years, in the opinion of Dr. Frank L.
McVey, president of the University of
Kentucky.
The popularity of American college
education, which is now drawing 850,-
000 young men and women yearly to
institutions of higher learning, is like
ly to go on increasing for twenty-five
years, in the opinion of Dr. Frank L.
McVey, president of the University of
Kentucky.
The popularity of American college
education, which is now drawing 850,-
000 young men and women yearly to
institutions of higher learning, is like
ly to go on increasing for twenty-five
years, in the opinion of Dr. Frank L.
McVey, president of the University of
Kentucky.
The popularity of American college
education, which is now drawing 850,-
000 young men and women yearly to
institutions of higher learning, is like
ly to go on increasing for twenty-five
years, in the opinion of Dr. Frank L.
McVey, president of the University of
Kentucky.
The popularity of American college
education, which is now drawing 850,-
000 young men and women yearly to
institutions of higher learning, is like
ly to go on increasing for twenty-five
years, in the opinion of Dr. Frank L.
McVey, president of the University of
Kentucky.
The popularity of American college
education, which is now drawing 850,-
000 young men and women yearly to
institutions of higher learning, is like
ly to go on increasing for twenty-five
years, in the opinion of Dr. Frank L.
McVey, president of the University of
Kentucky.
The popularity of American college
education, which is now drawing 850,-
000 young men and women yearly to
institutions of higher learning, is like
ly to go on increasing for twenty-five
years, in the opinion of Dr. Frank L.
McVey, president of the University of
Kentucky.
The popularity of American college
education, which is now drawing 850,-
000 young men and women yearly to
institutions of higher learning, is like
ly to go on increasing for twenty-five
years, in the opinion of Dr. Frank L.
McVey, president of the University of
Kentucky.
The popularity of American college
education, which is now drawing 850,-
000 young men and women yearly to
institutions of higher learning, is like
ly to go on increasing for twenty-five
years, in the opinion of Dr. Frank L.
McVey, president of the University of
Kentucky.
The popularity of American college
education, which is now drawing 850,-
000 young men and women yearly to
institutions of higher learning, is like
ly to go on increasing for twenty-five
years, in the opinion of Dr. Frank L.
McVey, president of the University of
Kentucky.
The popularity of American college
education, which is now drawing 850,-
000 young men and women yearly to
institutions of higher learning, is like
ly to go on increasing for twenty-five
years, in the opinion of Dr. Frank L.
McVey, president of the University of
Kentucky.
The popularity of American college
education, which is now drawing 850,-
000 young men and women yearly to
institutions of higher learning, is like
ly to go on increasing for twenty-five
years, in the opinion of Dr. Frank L.
McVey, president of the University of
Kentucky.
The popularity of American college
education, which is now drawing 850,-
000 young men and women yearly to
institutions of higher learning, is like
ly to go on increasing for twenty-five
years, in the opinion of Dr. Frank L.
McVey, president of the University of
Kentucky.
The popularity of American college
education, which is now drawing 850,-
000 young men and women yearly to
institutions of higher learning, is like
ly to go on increasing for twenty-five
years, in the opinion of Dr. Frank L.
McVey, president of the University of
Kentucky.
The popularity of American college
education, which is now drawing 850,-
000 young men and women yearly to
institutions of higher learning, is like
ly to go on increasing for twenty-five
years, in the opinion of Dr. Frank L.
McVey, president of the University of
Kentucky.
