# SWIMMERS MISS RECORD
## 
### 
The Card varsity missed by 10
seconds in an unofficial attempt on
the AAU record for a mile sprint
relay. With 17 men, each swim
ming 100 yards, and one man swim
ming the (ilia! 00. the Indians aver
aged 5-1.4 seconds per man. Haynie
announced that lit' would make an
official try for the record next
Wednesday, just before the 17-man
squad Hies down for the FCC meet.
The Card varsity missed by 10
seconds in an unofficial attempt on
the AAU record for a mile sprint
relay. With 17 men, each swim
ming 100 yards, and one man swim
ming the (ilia! 00. the Indians aver
aged 5-1.4 seconds per man. Haynie
announced that lit' would make an
official try for the record next
Wednesday, just before the 17-man
squad Hies down for the FCC meet.
The Card varsity missed by 10
seconds in an unofficial attempt on
the AAU record for a mile sprint
relay. With 17 men, each swim
ming 100 yards, and one man swim
ming the (ilia! 00. the Indians aver
aged 5-1.4 seconds per man. Haynie
announced that lit' would make an
official try for the record next
Wednesday, just before the 17-man
squad Hies down for the FCC meet.
The Card varsity missed by 10
seconds in an unofficial attempt on
the AAU record for a mile sprint
relay. With 17 men, each swim
ming 100 yards, and one man swim
ming the (ilia! 00. the Indians aver
aged 5-1.4 seconds per man. Haynie
announced that lit' would make an
official try for the record next
Wednesday, just before the 17-man
squad Hies down for the FCC meet.
The Card varsity missed by 10
seconds in an unofficial attempt on
the AAU record for a mile sprint
relay. With 17 men, each swim
ming 100 yards, and one man swim
ming the (ilia! 00. the Indians aver
aged 5-1.4 seconds per man. Haynie
announced that lit' would make an
official try for the record next
Wednesday, just before the 17-man
squad Hies down for the FCC meet.
The Card varsity missed by 10
seconds in an unofficial attempt on
the AAU record for a mile sprint
relay. With 17 men, each swim
ming 100 yards, and one man swim
ming the (ilia! 00. the Indians aver
aged 5-1.4 seconds per man. Haynie
announced that lit' would make an
official try for the record next
Wednesday, just before the 17-man
squad Hies down for the FCC meet.
The Card varsity missed by 10
seconds in an unofficial attempt on
the AAU record for a mile sprint
relay. With 17 men, each swim
ming 100 yards, and one man swim
ming the (ilia! 00. the Indians aver
aged 5-1.4 seconds per man. Haynie
announced that lit' would make an
official try for the record next
Wednesday, just before the 17-man
squad Hies down for the FCC meet.
The Card varsity missed by 10
seconds in an unofficial attempt on
the AAU record for a mile sprint
relay. With 17 men, each swim
ming 100 yards, and one man swim
ming the (ilia! 00. the Indians aver
aged 5-1.4 seconds per man. Haynie
announced that lit' would make an
official try for the record next
Wednesday, just before the 17-man
squad Hies down for the FCC meet.
The Card varsity missed by 10
seconds in an unofficial attempt on
the AAU record for a mile sprint
relay. With 17 men, each swim
ming 100 yards, and one man swim
ming the (ilia! 00. the Indians aver
aged 5-1.4 seconds per man. Haynie
announced that lit' would make an
official try for the record next
Wednesday, just before the 17-man
squad Hies down for the FCC meet.
The Card varsity missed by 10
seconds in an unofficial attempt on
the AAU record for a mile sprint
relay. With 17 men, each swim
ming 100 yards, and one man swim
ming the (ilia! 00. the Indians aver
aged 5-1.4 seconds per man. Haynie
announced that lit' would make an
official try for the record next
Wednesday, just before the 17-man
squad Hies down for the FCC meet.
The Card varsity missed by 10
seconds in an unofficial attempt on
the AAU record for a mile sprint
relay. With 17 men, each swim
ming 100 yards, and one man swim
ming the (ilia! 00. the Indians aver
aged 5-1.4 seconds per man. Haynie
announced that lit' would make an
official try for the record next
Wednesday, just before the 17-man
squad Hies down for the FCC meet.
The Card varsity missed by 10
seconds in an unofficial attempt on
the AAU record for a mile sprint
relay. With 17 men, each swim
ming 100 yards, and one man swim
ming the (ilia! 00. the Indians aver
aged 5-1.4 seconds per man. Haynie
announced that lit' would make an
official try for the record next
Wednesday, just before the 17-man
squad Hies down for the FCC meet.
The Card varsity missed by 10
seconds in an unofficial attempt on
the AAU record for a mile sprint
relay. With 17 men, each swim
ming 100 yards, and one man swim
ming the (ilia! 00. the Indians aver
aged 5-1.4 seconds per man. Haynie
announced that lit' would make an
official try for the record next
Wednesday, just before the 17-man
squad Hies down for the FCC meet.
The Card varsity missed by 10
seconds in an unofficial attempt on
the AAU record for a mile sprint
relay. With 17 men, each swim
ming 100 yards, and one man swim
ming the (ilia! 00. the Indians aver
aged 5-1.4 seconds per man. Haynie
announced that lit' would make an
official try for the record next
Wednesday, just before the 17-man
squad Hies down for the FCC meet.
The Card varsity missed by 10
seconds in an unofficial attempt on
the AAU record for a mile sprint
relay. With 17 men, each swim
ming 100 yards, and one man swim
ming the (ilia! 00. the Indians aver
aged 5-1.4 seconds per man. Haynie
announced that lit' would make an
official try for the record next
Wednesday, just before the 17-man
squad Hies down for the FCC meet.
