# Work Begins On Church.
## 
### 
All of the steel to be used in the
construction of the Memorial church
has arrived, and the work from now on
will he rushed. Approximately two
hundred tons of steel will be used in
the structure. A force of about twenty
men are working, and by the middle of
next week all of the large columns
will be in place. In three weeks all
of the work on the steel should be
concluded.
All of the steel to be used in the
construction of the Memorial church
has arrived, and the work from now on
will he rushed. Approximately two
hundred tons of steel will be used in
the structure. A force of about twenty
men are working, and by the middle of
next week all of the large columns
will be in place. In three weeks all
of the work on the steel should be
concluded.
All of the steel to be used in the
construction of the Memorial church
has arrived, and the work from now on
will he rushed. Approximately two
hundred tons of steel will be used in
the structure. A force of about twenty
men are working, and by the middle of
next week all of the large columns
will be in place. In three weeks all
of the work on the steel should be
concluded.
All of the steel to be used in the
construction of the Memorial church
has arrived, and the work from now on
will he rushed. Approximately two
hundred tons of steel will be used in
the structure. A force of about twenty
men are working, and by the middle of
next week all of the large columns
will be in place. In three weeks all
of the work on the steel should be
concluded.
All of the steel to be used in the
construction of the Memorial church
has arrived, and the work from now on
will he rushed. Approximately two
hundred tons of steel will be used in
the structure. A force of about twenty
men are working, and by the middle of
next week all of the large columns
will be in place. In three weeks all
of the work on the steel should be
concluded.
All of the steel to be used in the
construction of the Memorial church
has arrived, and the work from now on
will he rushed. Approximately two
hundred tons of steel will be used in
the structure. A force of about twenty
men are working, and by the middle of
next week all of the large columns
will be in place. In three weeks all
of the work on the steel should be
concluded.
All of the steel to be used in the
construction of the Memorial church
has arrived, and the work from now on
will he rushed. Approximately two
hundred tons of steel will be used in
the structure. A force of about twenty
men are working, and by the middle of
next week all of the large columns
will be in place. In three weeks all
of the work on the steel should be
concluded.
All of the steel to be used in the
construction of the Memorial church
has arrived, and the work from now on
will he rushed. Approximately two
hundred tons of steel will be used in
the structure. A force of about twenty
men are working, and by the middle of
next week all of the large columns
will be in place. In three weeks all
of the work on the steel should be
concluded.
All of the steel to be used in the
construction of the Memorial church
has arrived, and the work from now on
will he rushed. Approximately two
hundred tons of steel will be used in
the structure. A force of about twenty
men are working, and by the middle of
next week all of the large columns
will be in place. In three weeks all
of the work on the steel should be
concluded.
All of the steel to be used in the
construction of the Memorial church
has arrived, and the work from now on
will he rushed. Approximately two
hundred tons of steel will be used in
the structure. A force of about twenty
men are working, and by the middle of
next week all of the large columns
will be in place. In three weeks all
of the work on the steel should be
concluded.
All of the steel to be used in the
construction of the Memorial church
has arrived, and the work from now on
will he rushed. Approximately two
hundred tons of steel will be used in
the structure. A force of about twenty
men are working, and by the middle of
next week all of the large columns
will be in place. In three weeks all
of the work on the steel should be
concluded.
