# Untitled Article
## 
### 

THORNTON AND AVERY
()n your left, Sir Football
Fan, are two of the best half
hawks this si<lt' of the Rookies.
1 loth of these lads play end for
I lis Nihs, and how! A pass from
Loin and one or the other is off
to the races. Followers of the
15hie and Gold are banking »>n
them to snag a couple tomorrow.
Tlie lad at the top is Russ
Avery, playing his second year
for C alifornia. I Job Thornton,
his running mate, has had two
years <>l Conference experience.

THORNTON AND AVERY
()n your left, Sir Football
Fan, are two of the best half
hawks this si<lt' of the Rookies.
1 loth of these lads play end for
I lis Nihs, and how! A pass from
Loin and one or the other is off
to the races. Followers of the
15hie and Gold are banking »>n
them to snag a couple tomorrow.
Tlie lad at the top is Russ
Avery, playing his second year
for C alifornia. I Job Thornton,
his running mate, has had two
years <>l Conference experience.

THORNTON AND AVERY
()n your left, Sir Football
Fan, are two of the best half
hawks this si<lt' of the Rookies.
1 loth of these lads play end for
I lis Nihs, and how! A pass from
Loin and one or the other is off
to the races. Followers of the
15hie and Gold are banking »>n
them to snag a couple tomorrow.
Tlie lad at the top is Russ
Avery, playing his second year
for C alifornia. I Job Thornton,
his running mate, has had two
years <>l Conference experience.

THORNTON AND AVERY
()n your left, Sir Football
Fan, are two of the best half
hawks this si<lt' of the Rookies.
1 loth of these lads play end for
I lis Nihs, and how! A pass from
Loin and one or the other is off
to the races. Followers of the
15hie and Gold are banking »>n
them to snag a couple tomorrow.
Tlie lad at the top is Russ
Avery, playing his second year
for C alifornia. I Job Thornton,
his running mate, has had two
years <>l Conference experience.

THORNTON AND AVERY
()n your left, Sir Football
Fan, are two of the best half
hawks this si<lt' of the Rookies.
1 loth of these lads play end for
I lis Nihs, and how! A pass from
Loin and one or the other is off
to the races. Followers of the
15hie and Gold are banking »>n
them to snag a couple tomorrow.
Tlie lad at the top is Russ
Avery, playing his second year
for C alifornia. I Job Thornton,
his running mate, has had two
years <>l Conference experience.

THORNTON AND AVERY
()n your left, Sir Football
Fan, are two of the best half
hawks this si<lt' of the Rookies.
1 loth of these lads play end for
I lis Nihs, and how! A pass from
Loin and one or the other is off
to the races. Followers of the
15hie and Gold are banking »>n
them to snag a couple tomorrow.
Tlie lad at the top is Russ
Avery, playing his second year
for C alifornia. I Job Thornton,
his running mate, has had two
years <>l Conference experience.

THORNTON AND AVERY
()n your left, Sir Football
Fan, are two of the best half
hawks this si<lt' of the Rookies.
1 loth of these lads play end for
I lis Nihs, and how! A pass from
Loin and one or the other is off
to the races. Followers of the
15hie and Gold are banking »>n
them to snag a couple tomorrow.
Tlie lad at the top is Russ
Avery, playing his second year
for C alifornia. I Job Thornton,
his running mate, has had two
years <>l Conference experience.

THORNTON AND AVERY
()n your left, Sir Football
Fan, are two of the best half
hawks this si<lt' of the Rookies.
1 loth of these lads play end for
I lis Nihs, and how! A pass from
Loin and one or the other is off
to the races. Followers of the
15hie and Gold are banking »>n
them to snag a couple tomorrow.
Tlie lad at the top is Russ
Avery, playing his second year
for C alifornia. I Job Thornton,
his running mate, has had two
years <>l Conference experience.

THORNTON AND AVERY
()n your left, Sir Football
Fan, are two of the best half
hawks this si<lt' of the Rookies.
1 loth of these lads play end for
I lis Nihs, and how! A pass from
Loin and one or the other is off
to the races. Followers of the
15hie and Gold are banking »>n
them to snag a couple tomorrow.
Tlie lad at the top is Russ
Avery, playing his second year
for C alifornia. I Job Thornton,
his running mate, has had two
years <>l Conference experience.

THORNTON AND AVERY
()n your left, Sir Football
Fan, are two of the best half
hawks this si<lt' of the Rookies.
1 loth of these lads play end for
I lis Nihs, and how! A pass from
Loin and one or the other is off
to the races. Followers of the
15hie and Gold are banking »>n
them to snag a couple tomorrow.
Tlie lad at the top is Russ
Avery, playing his second year
for C alifornia. I Job Thornton,
his running mate, has had two
years <>l Conference experience.

THORNTON AND AVERY
()n your left, Sir Football
Fan, are two of the best half
hawks this si<lt' of the Rookies.
1 loth of these lads play end for
I lis Nihs, and how! A pass from
Loin and one or the other is off
to the races. Followers of the
15hie and Gold are banking »>n
them to snag a couple tomorrow.
Tlie lad at the top is Russ
Avery, playing his second year
for C alifornia. I Job Thornton,
his running mate, has had two
years <>l Conference experience.

THORNTON AND AVERY
()n your left, Sir Football
Fan, are two of the best half
hawks this si<lt' of the Rookies.
1 loth of these lads play end for
I lis Nihs, and how! A pass from
Loin and one or the other is off
to the races. Followers of the
15hie and Gold are banking »>n
them to snag a couple tomorrow.
Tlie lad at the top is Russ
Avery, playing his second year
for C alifornia. I Job Thornton,
his running mate, has had two
years <>l Conference experience.

THORNTON AND AVERY
()n your left, Sir Football
Fan, are two of the best half
hawks this si<lt' of the Rookies.
1 loth of these lads play end for
I lis Nihs, and how! A pass from
Loin and one or the other is off
to the races. Followers of the
15hie and Gold are banking »>n
them to snag a couple tomorrow.
Tlie lad at the top is Russ
Avery, playing his second year
for C alifornia. I Job Thornton,
his running mate, has had two
years <>l Conference experience.

THORNTON AND AVERY
()n your left, Sir Football
Fan, are two of the best half
hawks this si<lt' of the Rookies.
1 loth of these lads play end for
I lis Nihs, and how! A pass from
Loin and one or the other is off
to the races. Followers of the
15hie and Gold are banking »>n
them to snag a couple tomorrow.
Tlie lad at the top is Russ
Avery, playing his second year
for C alifornia. I Job Thornton,
his running mate, has had two
years <>l Conference experience.

THORNTON AND AVERY
()n your left, Sir Football
Fan, are two of the best half
hawks this si<lt' of the Rookies.
1 loth of these lads play end for
I lis Nihs, and how! A pass from
Loin and one or the other is off
to the races. Followers of the
15hie and Gold are banking »>n
them to snag a couple tomorrow.
Tlie lad at the top is Russ
Avery, playing his second year
for C alifornia. I Job Thornton,
his running mate, has had two
years <>l Conference experience.

THORNTON AND AVERY
()n your left, Sir Football
Fan, are two of the best half
hawks this si<lt' of the Rookies.
1 loth of these lads play end for
I lis Nihs, and how! A pass from
Loin and one or the other is off
to the races. Followers of the
15hie and Gold are banking »>n
them to snag a couple tomorrow.
Tlie lad at the top is Russ
Avery, playing his second year
for C alifornia. I Job Thornton,
his running mate, has had two
years <>l Conference experience.

THORNTON AND AVERY
()n your left, Sir Football
Fan, are two of the best half
hawks this si<lt' of the Rookies.
1 loth of these lads play end for
I lis Nihs, and how! A pass from
Loin and one or the other is off
to the races. Followers of the
15hie and Gold are banking »>n
them to snag a couple tomorrow.
Tlie lad at the top is Russ
Avery, playing his second year
for C alifornia. I Job Thornton,
his running mate, has had two
years <>l Conference experience.
