# Untitled Article
## 
### 
TWO TEARS
AND A CARD
In the lower left
hand corner ist ap
tain Roy Riegels
of California, and
above him, to the
left, is Walter
lieinecke, of Stan
ford. There should
be fireworks to
morrow when these
two lock horns as
opposing centers.
Both are famous
as aggressive play
ers. and both will
be keyed to the
highest pitch for
their last l»ig < iaine
—the result should
be a great exhibi
tion of line plav.
Russ Avery (up
per right) is a vet
eran t alifornia end
who played four
years for the Olym
pians before he al
lied himself with
the Blue and Gold.

TWO TEARS
AND A CARD
In the lower left
hand corner ist ap
tain Roy Riegels
of California, and
above him, to the
left, is Walter
lieinecke, of Stan
ford. There should
be fireworks to
morrow when these
two lock horns as
opposing centers.
Both are famous
as aggressive play
ers. and both will
be keyed to the
highest pitch for
their last l»ig < iaine
—the result should
be a great exhibi
tion of line plav.
Russ Avery (up
per right) is a vet
eran t alifornia end
who played four
years for the Olym
pians before he al
lied himself with
the Blue and Gold.

TWO TEARS
AND A CARD
In the lower left
hand corner ist ap
tain Roy Riegels
of California, and
above him, to the
left, is Walter
lieinecke, of Stan
ford. There should
be fireworks to
morrow when these
two lock horns as
opposing centers.
Both are famous
as aggressive play
ers. and both will
be keyed to the
highest pitch for
their last l»ig < iaine
—the result should
be a great exhibi
tion of line plav.
Russ Avery (up
per right) is a vet
eran t alifornia end
who played four
years for the Olym
pians before he al
lied himself with
the Blue and Gold.

TWO TEARS
AND A CARD
In the lower left
hand corner ist ap
tain Roy Riegels
of California, and
above him, to the
left, is Walter
lieinecke, of Stan
ford. There should
be fireworks to
morrow when these
two lock horns as
opposing centers.
Both are famous
as aggressive play
ers. and both will
be keyed to the
highest pitch for
their last l»ig < iaine
—the result should
be a great exhibi
tion of line plav.
Russ Avery (up
per right) is a vet
eran t alifornia end
who played four
years for the Olym
pians before he al
lied himself with
the Blue and Gold.

TWO TEARS
AND A CARD
In the lower left
hand corner ist ap
tain Roy Riegels
of California, and
above him, to the
left, is Walter
lieinecke, of Stan
ford. There should
be fireworks to
morrow when these
two lock horns as
opposing centers.
Both are famous
as aggressive play
ers. and both will
be keyed to the
highest pitch for
their last l»ig < iaine
—the result should
be a great exhibi
tion of line plav.
Russ Avery (up
per right) is a vet
eran t alifornia end
who played four
years for the Olym
pians before he al
lied himself with
the Blue and Gold.

TWO TEARS
AND A CARD
In the lower left
hand corner ist ap
tain Roy Riegels
of California, and
above him, to the
left, is Walter
lieinecke, of Stan
ford. There should
be fireworks to
morrow when these
two lock horns as
opposing centers.
Both are famous
as aggressive play
ers. and both will
be keyed to the
highest pitch for
their last l»ig < iaine
—the result should
be a great exhibi
tion of line plav.
Russ Avery (up
per right) is a vet
eran t alifornia end
who played four
years for the Olym
pians before he al
lied himself with
the Blue and Gold.

TWO TEARS
AND A CARD
In the lower left
hand corner ist ap
tain Roy Riegels
of California, and
above him, to the
left, is Walter
lieinecke, of Stan
ford. There should
be fireworks to
morrow when these
two lock horns as
opposing centers.
Both are famous
as aggressive play
ers. and both will
be keyed to the
highest pitch for
their last l»ig < iaine
—the result should
be a great exhibi
tion of line plav.
Russ Avery (up
per right) is a vet
eran t alifornia end
who played four
years for the Olym
pians before he al
lied himself with
the Blue and Gold.

TWO TEARS
AND A CARD
In the lower left
hand corner ist ap
tain Roy Riegels
of California, and
above him, to the
left, is Walter
lieinecke, of Stan
ford. There should
be fireworks to
morrow when these
two lock horns as
opposing centers.
Both are famous
as aggressive play
ers. and both will
be keyed to the
highest pitch for
their last l»ig < iaine
—the result should
be a great exhibi
tion of line plav.
Russ Avery (up
per right) is a vet
eran t alifornia end
who played four
years for the Olym
pians before he al
lied himself with
the Blue and Gold.

TWO TEARS
AND A CARD
In the lower left
hand corner ist ap
tain Roy Riegels
of California, and
above him, to the
left, is Walter
lieinecke, of Stan
ford. There should
be fireworks to
morrow when these
two lock horns as
opposing centers.
Both are famous
as aggressive play
ers. and both will
be keyed to the
highest pitch for
their last l»ig < iaine
—the result should
be a great exhibi
tion of line plav.
Russ Avery (up
per right) is a vet
eran t alifornia end
who played four
years for the Olym
pians before he al
lied himself with
the Blue and Gold.

TWO TEARS
AND A CARD
In the lower left
hand corner ist ap
tain Roy Riegels
of California, and
above him, to the
left, is Walter
lieinecke, of Stan
ford. There should
be fireworks to
morrow when these
two lock horns as
opposing centers.
Both are famous
as aggressive play
ers. and both will
be keyed to the
highest pitch for
their last l»ig < iaine
—the result should
be a great exhibi
tion of line plav.
Russ Avery (up
per right) is a vet
eran t alifornia end
who played four
years for the Olym
pians before he al
lied himself with
the Blue and Gold.

TWO TEARS
AND A CARD
In the lower left
hand corner ist ap
tain Roy Riegels
of California, and
above him, to the
left, is Walter
lieinecke, of Stan
ford. There should
be fireworks to
morrow when these
two lock horns as
opposing centers.
Both are famous
as aggressive play
ers. and both will
be keyed to the
highest pitch for
their last l»ig < iaine
—the result should
be a great exhibi
tion of line plav.
Russ Avery (up
per right) is a vet
eran t alifornia end
who played four
years for the Olym
pians before he al
lied himself with
the Blue and Gold.

TWO TEARS
AND A CARD
In the lower left
hand corner ist ap
tain Roy Riegels
of California, and
above him, to the
left, is Walter
lieinecke, of Stan
ford. There should
be fireworks to
morrow when these
two lock horns as
opposing centers.
Both are famous
as aggressive play
ers. and both will
be keyed to the
highest pitch for
their last l»ig < iaine
—the result should
be a great exhibi
tion of line plav.
Russ Avery (up
per right) is a vet
eran t alifornia end
who played four
years for the Olym
pians before he al
lied himself with
the Blue and Gold.

TWO TEARS
AND A CARD
In the lower left
hand corner ist ap
tain Roy Riegels
of California, and
above him, to the
left, is Walter
lieinecke, of Stan
ford. There should
be fireworks to
morrow when these
two lock horns as
opposing centers.
Both are famous
as aggressive play
ers. and both will
be keyed to the
highest pitch for
their last l»ig < iaine
—the result should
be a great exhibi
tion of line plav.
Russ Avery (up
per right) is a vet
eran t alifornia end
who played four
years for the Olym
pians before he al
lied himself with
the Blue and Gold.

TWO TEARS
AND A CARD
In the lower left
hand corner ist ap
tain Roy Riegels
of California, and
above him, to the
left, is Walter
lieinecke, of Stan
ford. There should
be fireworks to
morrow when these
two lock horns as
opposing centers.
Both are famous
as aggressive play
ers. and both will
be keyed to the
highest pitch for
their last l»ig < iaine
—the result should
be a great exhibi
tion of line plav.
Russ Avery (up
per right) is a vet
eran t alifornia end
who played four
years for the Olym
pians before he al
lied himself with
the Blue and Gold.

TWO TEARS
AND A CARD
In the lower left
hand corner ist ap
tain Roy Riegels
of California, and
above him, to the
left, is Walter
lieinecke, of Stan
ford. There should
be fireworks to
morrow when these
two lock horns as
opposing centers.
Both are famous
as aggressive play
ers. and both will
be keyed to the
highest pitch for
their last l»ig < iaine
—the result should
be a great exhibi
tion of line plav.
Russ Avery (up
per right) is a vet
eran t alifornia end
who played four
years for the Olym
pians before he al
lied himself with
the Blue and Gold.

TWO TEARS
AND A CARD
In the lower left
hand corner ist ap
tain Roy Riegels
of California, and
above him, to the
left, is Walter
lieinecke, of Stan
ford. There should
be fireworks to
morrow when these
two lock horns as
opposing centers.
Both are famous
as aggressive play
ers. and both will
be keyed to the
highest pitch for
their last l»ig < iaine
—the result should
be a great exhibi
tion of line plav.
Russ Avery (up
per right) is a vet
eran t alifornia end
who played four
years for the Olym
pians before he al
lied himself with
the Blue and Gold.

TWO TEARS
AND A CARD
In the lower left
hand corner ist ap
tain Roy Riegels
of California, and
above him, to the
left, is Walter
lieinecke, of Stan
ford. There should
be fireworks to
morrow when these
two lock horns as
opposing centers.
Both are famous
as aggressive play
ers. and both will
be keyed to the
highest pitch for
their last l»ig < iaine
—the result should
be a great exhibi
tion of line plav.
Russ Avery (up
per right) is a vet
eran t alifornia end
who played four
years for the Olym
pians before he al
lied himself with
the Blue and Gold.

