# Untitled Article
## 
### 

POWER
Stanford's backfield stars
will find rough going when
they assault the strongholds
of these three California for
wards tomorrow. To the left
is Ted Beckett, tackle, who
with his teammate, Bert
Schwartz (the first man on
the right), has heen men
tioned already as all-American
tackle. ()n the extreme right
is Dolpli Timmerinan. another
hard Hear lineman. The Cali
fornia line made history when
it howled over the supposedly
peerless forward wall of the
Trojans. Blue and Gold fans
are placing strong hopes on
these lads to do the same thing
against the Cards tomorrow.
Stanford adherents admit that
a fast charging line is a real
menace to Warner reverses.

POWER
Stanford's backfield stars
will find rough going when
they assault the strongholds
of these three California for
wards tomorrow. To the left
is Ted Beckett, tackle, who
with his teammate, Bert
Schwartz (the first man on
the right), has heen men
tioned already as all-American
tackle. ()n the extreme right
is Dolpli Timmerinan. another
hard Hear lineman. The Cali
fornia line made history when
it howled over the supposedly
peerless forward wall of the
Trojans. Blue and Gold fans
are placing strong hopes on
these lads to do the same thing
against the Cards tomorrow.
Stanford adherents admit that
a fast charging line is a real
menace to Warner reverses.

POWER
Stanford's backfield stars
will find rough going when
they assault the strongholds
of these three California for
wards tomorrow. To the left
is Ted Beckett, tackle, who
with his teammate, Bert
Schwartz (the first man on
the right), has heen men
tioned already as all-American
tackle. ()n the extreme right
is Dolpli Timmerinan. another
hard Hear lineman. The Cali
fornia line made history when
it howled over the supposedly
peerless forward wall of the
Trojans. Blue and Gold fans
are placing strong hopes on
these lads to do the same thing
against the Cards tomorrow.
Stanford adherents admit that
a fast charging line is a real
menace to Warner reverses.

POWER
Stanford's backfield stars
will find rough going when
they assault the strongholds
of these three California for
wards tomorrow. To the left
is Ted Beckett, tackle, who
with his teammate, Bert
Schwartz (the first man on
the right), has heen men
tioned already as all-American
tackle. ()n the extreme right
is Dolpli Timmerinan. another
hard Hear lineman. The Cali
fornia line made history when
it howled over the supposedly
peerless forward wall of the
Trojans. Blue and Gold fans
are placing strong hopes on
these lads to do the same thing
against the Cards tomorrow.
Stanford adherents admit that
a fast charging line is a real
menace to Warner reverses.

POWER
Stanford's backfield stars
will find rough going when
they assault the strongholds
of these three California for
wards tomorrow. To the left
is Ted Beckett, tackle, who
with his teammate, Bert
Schwartz (the first man on
the right), has heen men
tioned already as all-American
tackle. ()n the extreme right
is Dolpli Timmerinan. another
hard Hear lineman. The Cali
fornia line made history when
it howled over the supposedly
peerless forward wall of the
Trojans. Blue and Gold fans
are placing strong hopes on
these lads to do the same thing
against the Cards tomorrow.
Stanford adherents admit that
a fast charging line is a real
menace to Warner reverses.

POWER
Stanford's backfield stars
will find rough going when
they assault the strongholds
of these three California for
wards tomorrow. To the left
is Ted Beckett, tackle, who
with his teammate, Bert
Schwartz (the first man on
the right), has heen men
tioned already as all-American
tackle. ()n the extreme right
is Dolpli Timmerinan. another
hard Hear lineman. The Cali
fornia line made history when
it howled over the supposedly
peerless forward wall of the
Trojans. Blue and Gold fans
are placing strong hopes on
these lads to do the same thing
against the Cards tomorrow.
Stanford adherents admit that
a fast charging line is a real
menace to Warner reverses.

POWER
Stanford's backfield stars
will find rough going when
they assault the strongholds
of these three California for
wards tomorrow. To the left
is Ted Beckett, tackle, who
with his teammate, Bert
Schwartz (the first man on
the right), has heen men
tioned already as all-American
tackle. ()n the extreme right
is Dolpli Timmerinan. another
hard Hear lineman. The Cali
fornia line made history when
it howled over the supposedly
peerless forward wall of the
Trojans. Blue and Gold fans
are placing strong hopes on
these lads to do the same thing
against the Cards tomorrow.
Stanford adherents admit that
a fast charging line is a real
menace to Warner reverses.

POWER
Stanford's backfield stars
will find rough going when
they assault the strongholds
of these three California for
wards tomorrow. To the left
is Ted Beckett, tackle, who
with his teammate, Bert
Schwartz (the first man on
the right), has heen men
tioned already as all-American
tackle. ()n the extreme right
is Dolpli Timmerinan. another
hard Hear lineman. The Cali
fornia line made history when
it howled over the supposedly
peerless forward wall of the
Trojans. Blue and Gold fans
are placing strong hopes on
these lads to do the same thing
against the Cards tomorrow.
Stanford adherents admit that
a fast charging line is a real
menace to Warner reverses.

POWER
Stanford's backfield stars
will find rough going when
they assault the strongholds
of these three California for
wards tomorrow. To the left
is Ted Beckett, tackle, who
with his teammate, Bert
Schwartz (the first man on
the right), has heen men
tioned already as all-American
tackle. ()n the extreme right
is Dolpli Timmerinan. another
hard Hear lineman. The Cali
fornia line made history when
it howled over the supposedly
peerless forward wall of the
Trojans. Blue and Gold fans
are placing strong hopes on
these lads to do the same thing
against the Cards tomorrow.
Stanford adherents admit that
a fast charging line is a real
menace to Warner reverses.

POWER
Stanford's backfield stars
will find rough going when
they assault the strongholds
of these three California for
wards tomorrow. To the left
is Ted Beckett, tackle, who
with his teammate, Bert
Schwartz (the first man on
the right), has heen men
tioned already as all-American
tackle. ()n the extreme right
is Dolpli Timmerinan. another
hard Hear lineman. The Cali
fornia line made history when
it howled over the supposedly
peerless forward wall of the
Trojans. Blue and Gold fans
are placing strong hopes on
these lads to do the same thing
against the Cards tomorrow.
Stanford adherents admit that
a fast charging line is a real
menace to Warner reverses.

POWER
Stanford's backfield stars
will find rough going when
they assault the strongholds
of these three California for
wards tomorrow. To the left
is Ted Beckett, tackle, who
with his teammate, Bert
Schwartz (the first man on
the right), has heen men
tioned already as all-American
tackle. ()n the extreme right
is Dolpli Timmerinan. another
hard Hear lineman. The Cali
fornia line made history when
it howled over the supposedly
peerless forward wall of the
Trojans. Blue and Gold fans
are placing strong hopes on
these lads to do the same thing
against the Cards tomorrow.
Stanford adherents admit that
a fast charging line is a real
menace to Warner reverses.

POWER
Stanford's backfield stars
will find rough going when
they assault the strongholds
of these three California for
wards tomorrow. To the left
is Ted Beckett, tackle, who
with his teammate, Bert
Schwartz (the first man on
the right), has heen men
tioned already as all-American
tackle. ()n the extreme right
is Dolpli Timmerinan. another
hard Hear lineman. The Cali
fornia line made history when
it howled over the supposedly
peerless forward wall of the
Trojans. Blue and Gold fans
are placing strong hopes on
these lads to do the same thing
against the Cards tomorrow.
Stanford adherents admit that
a fast charging line is a real
menace to Warner reverses.

POWER
Stanford's backfield stars
will find rough going when
they assault the strongholds
of these three California for
wards tomorrow. To the left
is Ted Beckett, tackle, who
with his teammate, Bert
Schwartz (the first man on
the right), has heen men
tioned already as all-American
tackle. ()n the extreme right
is Dolpli Timmerinan. another
hard Hear lineman. The Cali
fornia line made history when
it howled over the supposedly
peerless forward wall of the
Trojans. Blue and Gold fans
are placing strong hopes on
these lads to do the same thing
against the Cards tomorrow.
Stanford adherents admit that
a fast charging line is a real
menace to Warner reverses.

POWER
Stanford's backfield stars
will find rough going when
they assault the strongholds
of these three California for
wards tomorrow. To the left
is Ted Beckett, tackle, who
with his teammate, Bert
Schwartz (the first man on
the right), has heen men
tioned already as all-American
tackle. ()n the extreme right
is Dolpli Timmerinan. another
hard Hear lineman. The Cali
fornia line made history when
it howled over the supposedly
peerless forward wall of the
Trojans. Blue and Gold fans
are placing strong hopes on
these lads to do the same thing
against the Cards tomorrow.
Stanford adherents admit that
a fast charging line is a real
menace to Warner reverses.

POWER
Stanford's backfield stars
will find rough going when
they assault the strongholds
of these three California for
wards tomorrow. To the left
is Ted Beckett, tackle, who
with his teammate, Bert
Schwartz (the first man on
the right), has heen men
tioned already as all-American
tackle. ()n the extreme right
is Dolpli Timmerinan. another
hard Hear lineman. The Cali
fornia line made history when
it howled over the supposedly
peerless forward wall of the
Trojans. Blue and Gold fans
are placing strong hopes on
these lads to do the same thing
against the Cards tomorrow.
Stanford adherents admit that
a fast charging line is a real
menace to Warner reverses.

POWER
Stanford's backfield stars
will find rough going when
they assault the strongholds
of these three California for
wards tomorrow. To the left
is Ted Beckett, tackle, who
with his teammate, Bert
Schwartz (the first man on
the right), has heen men
tioned already as all-American
tackle. ()n the extreme right
is Dolpli Timmerinan. another
hard Hear lineman. The Cali
fornia line made history when
it howled over the supposedly
peerless forward wall of the
Trojans. Blue and Gold fans
are placing strong hopes on
these lads to do the same thing
against the Cards tomorrow.
Stanford adherents admit that
a fast charging line is a real
menace to Warner reverses.

POWER
Stanford's backfield stars
will find rough going when
they assault the strongholds
of these three California for
wards tomorrow. To the left
is Ted Beckett, tackle, who
with his teammate, Bert
Schwartz (the first man on
the right), has heen men
tioned already as all-American
tackle. ()n the extreme right
is Dolpli Timmerinan. another
hard Hear lineman. The Cali
fornia line made history when
it howled over the supposedly
peerless forward wall of the
Trojans. Blue and Gold fans
are placing strong hopes on
these lads to do the same thing
against the Cards tomorrow.
Stanford adherents admit that
a fast charging line is a real
menace to Warner reverses.
