# Untitled Article
## 
### 

HAD MEDICINE!
The three youthful ex
ponents of Warneresque
football, pictured above,
mean no good for their
guests from Berkeley to
morrow. To the left we
have "Mush" Muller,
Stanford captain and stel
lar end on the Cardinal
eleven. The youth in the
center, in the war-horse
pose, is none other than
Lud Frentrup, high-step
ping half, whose mode of
running makes tackling
him a hazardous under
taking. To the right is
Johnnie Preston, another
dangerous Card wingman.
Courtesy S.F. Call

HAD MEDICINE!
The three youthful ex
ponents of Warneresque
football, pictured above,
mean no good for their
guests from Berkeley to
morrow. To the left we
have "Mush" Muller,
Stanford captain and stel
lar end on the Cardinal
eleven. The youth in the
center, in the war-horse
pose, is none other than
Lud Frentrup, high-step
ping half, whose mode of
running makes tackling
him a hazardous under
taking. To the right is
Johnnie Preston, another
dangerous Card wingman.
Courtesy S.F. Call

HAD MEDICINE!
The three youthful ex
ponents of Warneresque
football, pictured above,
mean no good for their
guests from Berkeley to
morrow. To the left we
have "Mush" Muller,
Stanford captain and stel
lar end on the Cardinal
eleven. The youth in the
center, in the war-horse
pose, is none other than
Lud Frentrup, high-step
ping half, whose mode of
running makes tackling
him a hazardous under
taking. To the right is
Johnnie Preston, another
dangerous Card wingman.
Courtesy S.F. Call

HAD MEDICINE!
The three youthful ex
ponents of Warneresque
football, pictured above,
mean no good for their
guests from Berkeley to
morrow. To the left we
have "Mush" Muller,
Stanford captain and stel
lar end on the Cardinal
eleven. The youth in the
center, in the war-horse
pose, is none other than
Lud Frentrup, high-step
ping half, whose mode of
running makes tackling
him a hazardous under
taking. To the right is
Johnnie Preston, another
dangerous Card wingman.
Courtesy S.F. Call

HAD MEDICINE!
The three youthful ex
ponents of Warneresque
football, pictured above,
mean no good for their
guests from Berkeley to
morrow. To the left we
have "Mush" Muller,
Stanford captain and stel
lar end on the Cardinal
eleven. The youth in the
center, in the war-horse
pose, is none other than
Lud Frentrup, high-step
ping half, whose mode of
running makes tackling
him a hazardous under
taking. To the right is
Johnnie Preston, another
dangerous Card wingman.
Courtesy S.F. Call

HAD MEDICINE!
The three youthful ex
ponents of Warneresque
football, pictured above,
mean no good for their
guests from Berkeley to
morrow. To the left we
have "Mush" Muller,
Stanford captain and stel
lar end on the Cardinal
eleven. The youth in the
center, in the war-horse
pose, is none other than
Lud Frentrup, high-step
ping half, whose mode of
running makes tackling
him a hazardous under
taking. To the right is
Johnnie Preston, another
dangerous Card wingman.
Courtesy S.F. Call

HAD MEDICINE!
The three youthful ex
ponents of Warneresque
football, pictured above,
mean no good for their
guests from Berkeley to
morrow. To the left we
have "Mush" Muller,
Stanford captain and stel
lar end on the Cardinal
eleven. The youth in the
center, in the war-horse
pose, is none other than
Lud Frentrup, high-step
ping half, whose mode of
running makes tackling
him a hazardous under
taking. To the right is
Johnnie Preston, another
dangerous Card wingman.
Courtesy S.F. Call

HAD MEDICINE!
The three youthful ex
ponents of Warneresque
football, pictured above,
mean no good for their
guests from Berkeley to
morrow. To the left we
have "Mush" Muller,
Stanford captain and stel
lar end on the Cardinal
eleven. The youth in the
center, in the war-horse
pose, is none other than
Lud Frentrup, high-step
ping half, whose mode of
running makes tackling
him a hazardous under
taking. To the right is
Johnnie Preston, another
dangerous Card wingman.
Courtesy S.F. Call

HAD MEDICINE!
The three youthful ex
ponents of Warneresque
football, pictured above,
mean no good for their
guests from Berkeley to
morrow. To the left we
have "Mush" Muller,
Stanford captain and stel
lar end on the Cardinal
eleven. The youth in the
center, in the war-horse
pose, is none other than
Lud Frentrup, high-step
ping half, whose mode of
running makes tackling
him a hazardous under
taking. To the right is
Johnnie Preston, another
dangerous Card wingman.
Courtesy S.F. Call

HAD MEDICINE!
The three youthful ex
ponents of Warneresque
football, pictured above,
mean no good for their
guests from Berkeley to
morrow. To the left we
have "Mush" Muller,
Stanford captain and stel
lar end on the Cardinal
eleven. The youth in the
center, in the war-horse
pose, is none other than
Lud Frentrup, high-step
ping half, whose mode of
running makes tackling
him a hazardous under
taking. To the right is
Johnnie Preston, another
dangerous Card wingman.
Courtesy S.F. Call

HAD MEDICINE!
The three youthful ex
ponents of Warneresque
football, pictured above,
mean no good for their
guests from Berkeley to
morrow. To the left we
have "Mush" Muller,
Stanford captain and stel
lar end on the Cardinal
eleven. The youth in the
center, in the war-horse
pose, is none other than
Lud Frentrup, high-step
ping half, whose mode of
running makes tackling
him a hazardous under
taking. To the right is
Johnnie Preston, another
dangerous Card wingman.
Courtesy S.F. Call

HAD MEDICINE!
The three youthful ex
ponents of Warneresque
football, pictured above,
mean no good for their
guests from Berkeley to
morrow. To the left we
have "Mush" Muller,
Stanford captain and stel
lar end on the Cardinal
eleven. The youth in the
center, in the war-horse
pose, is none other than
Lud Frentrup, high-step
ping half, whose mode of
running makes tackling
him a hazardous under
taking. To the right is
Johnnie Preston, another
dangerous Card wingman.
Courtesy S.F. Call

HAD MEDICINE!
The three youthful ex
ponents of Warneresque
football, pictured above,
mean no good for their
guests from Berkeley to
morrow. To the left we
have "Mush" Muller,
Stanford captain and stel
lar end on the Cardinal
eleven. The youth in the
center, in the war-horse
pose, is none other than
Lud Frentrup, high-step
ping half, whose mode of
running makes tackling
him a hazardous under
taking. To the right is
Johnnie Preston, another
dangerous Card wingman.
Courtesy S.F. Call

HAD MEDICINE!
The three youthful ex
ponents of Warneresque
football, pictured above,
mean no good for their
guests from Berkeley to
morrow. To the left we
have "Mush" Muller,
Stanford captain and stel
lar end on the Cardinal
eleven. The youth in the
center, in the war-horse
pose, is none other than
Lud Frentrup, high-step
ping half, whose mode of
running makes tackling
him a hazardous under
taking. To the right is
Johnnie Preston, another
dangerous Card wingman.
Courtesy S.F. Call

HAD MEDICINE!
The three youthful ex
ponents of Warneresque
football, pictured above,
mean no good for their
guests from Berkeley to
morrow. To the left we
have "Mush" Muller,
Stanford captain and stel
lar end on the Cardinal
eleven. The youth in the
center, in the war-horse
pose, is none other than
Lud Frentrup, high-step
ping half, whose mode of
running makes tackling
him a hazardous under
taking. To the right is
Johnnie Preston, another
dangerous Card wingman.
Courtesy S.F. Call

HAD MEDICINE!
The three youthful ex
ponents of Warneresque
football, pictured above,
mean no good for their
guests from Berkeley to
morrow. To the left we
have "Mush" Muller,
Stanford captain and stel
lar end on the Cardinal
eleven. The youth in the
center, in the war-horse
pose, is none other than
Lud Frentrup, high-step
ping half, whose mode of
running makes tackling
him a hazardous under
taking. To the right is
Johnnie Preston, another
dangerous Card wingman.
Courtesy S.F. Call

HAD MEDICINE!
The three youthful ex
ponents of Warneresque
football, pictured above,
mean no good for their
guests from Berkeley to
morrow. To the left we
have "Mush" Muller,
Stanford captain and stel
lar end on the Cardinal
eleven. The youth in the
center, in the war-horse
pose, is none other than
Lud Frentrup, high-step
ping half, whose mode of
running makes tackling
him a hazardous under
taking. To the right is
Johnnie Preston, another
dangerous Card wingman.
Courtesy S.F. Call
