# Qualifying Round Set For Stanford Golfers
## 
### 
Qualifying for the All-University
golf tournament will begin imme
diately, golf coach Bud Finger an
nounced yesterday.
Each entrant will play one 18-hole
round, and the best 64 will qualify
for the tournament.
Qualifying for the All-University
golf tournament will begin imme
diately, golf coach Bud Finger an
nounced yesterday.
Each entrant will play one 18-hole
round, and the best 64 will qualify
for the tournament.
Qualifying for the All-University
golf tournament will begin imme
diately, golf coach Bud Finger an
nounced yesterday.
Each entrant will play one 18-hole
round, and the best 64 will qualify
for the tournament.
Qualifying for the All-University
golf tournament will begin imme
diately, golf coach Bud Finger an
nounced yesterday.
Each entrant will play one 18-hole
round, and the best 64 will qualify
for the tournament.
Qualifying for the All-University
golf tournament will begin imme
diately, golf coach Bud Finger an
nounced yesterday.
Each entrant will play one 18-hole
round, and the best 64 will qualify
for the tournament.
Qualifying for the All-University
golf tournament will begin imme
diately, golf coach Bud Finger an
nounced yesterday.
Each entrant will play one 18-hole
round, and the best 64 will qualify
for the tournament.
Qualifying for the All-University
golf tournament will begin imme
diately, golf coach Bud Finger an
nounced yesterday.
Each entrant will play one 18-hole
round, and the best 64 will qualify
for the tournament.
Qualifying for the All-University
golf tournament will begin imme
diately, golf coach Bud Finger an
nounced yesterday.
Each entrant will play one 18-hole
round, and the best 64 will qualify
for the tournament.
Qualifying for the All-University
golf tournament will begin imme
diately, golf coach Bud Finger an
nounced yesterday.
Each entrant will play one 18-hole
round, and the best 64 will qualify
for the tournament.
Qualifying for the All-University
golf tournament will begin imme
diately, golf coach Bud Finger an
nounced yesterday.
Each entrant will play one 18-hole
round, and the best 64 will qualify
for the tournament.
Qualifying for the All-University
golf tournament will begin imme
diately, golf coach Bud Finger an
nounced yesterday.
Each entrant will play one 18-hole
round, and the best 64 will qualify
for the tournament.
Qualifying for the All-University
golf tournament will begin imme
diately, golf coach Bud Finger an
nounced yesterday.
Each entrant will play one 18-hole
round, and the best 64 will qualify
for the tournament.
Qualifying for the All-University
golf tournament will begin imme
diately, golf coach Bud Finger an
nounced yesterday.
Each entrant will play one 18-hole
round, and the best 64 will qualify
for the tournament.
Qualifying for the All-University
golf tournament will begin imme
diately, golf coach Bud Finger an
nounced yesterday.
Each entrant will play one 18-hole
round, and the best 64 will qualify
for the tournament.
Qualifying for the All-University
golf tournament will begin imme
diately, golf coach Bud Finger an
nounced yesterday.
Each entrant will play one 18-hole
round, and the best 64 will qualify
for the tournament.
