# ENGAGEMENTS
## 
### 
Madrono Hal) announces the en
gagement of Joan Dresser to Jack
Stein of Stanford ljane Hospital,
and of Muriel Witters to Joseph
Clark, Signrn Alplia Epsilon.
Madrono Hal) announces the en
gagement of Joan Dresser to Jack
Stein of Stanford ljane Hospital,
and of Muriel Witters to Joseph
Clark, Signrn Alplia Epsilon.
Madrono Hal) announces the en
gagement of Joan Dresser to Jack
Stein of Stanford ljane Hospital,
and of Muriel Witters to Joseph
Clark, Signrn Alplia Epsilon.
Madrono Hal) announces the en
gagement of Joan Dresser to Jack
Stein of Stanford ljane Hospital,
and of Muriel Witters to Joseph
Clark, Signrn Alplia Epsilon.
Madrono Hal) announces the en
gagement of Joan Dresser to Jack
Stein of Stanford ljane Hospital,
and of Muriel Witters to Joseph
Clark, Signrn Alplia Epsilon.
Madrono Hal) announces the en
gagement of Joan Dresser to Jack
Stein of Stanford ljane Hospital,
and of Muriel Witters to Joseph
Clark, Signrn Alplia Epsilon.
Madrono Hal) announces the en
gagement of Joan Dresser to Jack
Stein of Stanford ljane Hospital,
and of Muriel Witters to Joseph
Clark, Signrn Alplia Epsilon.
Madrono Hal) announces the en
gagement of Joan Dresser to Jack
Stein of Stanford ljane Hospital,
and of Muriel Witters to Joseph
Clark, Signrn Alplia Epsilon.
Madrono Hal) announces the en
gagement of Joan Dresser to Jack
Stein of Stanford ljane Hospital,
and of Muriel Witters to Joseph
Clark, Signrn Alplia Epsilon.
Madrono Hal) announces the en
gagement of Joan Dresser to Jack
Stein of Stanford ljane Hospital,
and of Muriel Witters to Joseph
Clark, Signrn Alplia Epsilon.
Madrono Hal) announces the en
gagement of Joan Dresser to Jack
Stein of Stanford ljane Hospital,
and of Muriel Witters to Joseph
Clark, Signrn Alplia Epsilon.
Madrono Hal) announces the en
gagement of Joan Dresser to Jack
Stein of Stanford ljane Hospital,
and of Muriel Witters to Joseph
Clark, Signrn Alplia Epsilon.
Madrono Hal) announces the en
gagement of Joan Dresser to Jack
Stein of Stanford ljane Hospital,
and of Muriel Witters to Joseph
Clark, Signrn Alplia Epsilon.
Madrono Hal) announces the en
gagement of Joan Dresser to Jack
Stein of Stanford ljane Hospital,
and of Muriel Witters to Joseph
Clark, Signrn Alplia Epsilon.
Madrono Hal) announces the en
gagement of Joan Dresser to Jack
Stein of Stanford ljane Hospital,
and of Muriel Witters to Joseph
Clark, Signrn Alplia Epsilon.
