# Savelle Describes U.S. Discoveries
## 
### 
Max Savelle, Stanford history
professor, spok • on '"'i'lte Discovery i
of America" last night in the Cub
berley Education Auditorium. Mr.
Savelle was introduced l>y Ronald
Hilton of the Komanie Languages
Department. , t
Mr. SavelJe gave a background of
discoveries iir' the Western Hemi
>phere, beginning with Lief Erick
son who was tiie first discoverer
.:.nd going on to Columbus.
According to Mr. Savelle, the rea
son that Eiiekson's discovery was
not followed up was that there was
no interest in new horizons or new
worlds at that time. However, as
vlr, Savelle told his audience of
over lf>o interested students and
taeulty members, in Columbus' time
there was an expanding interest in i
>*>.ploration, science, and travel.
Max Savelle, Stanford history
professor, spok • on '"'i'lte Discovery i
of America" last night in the Cub
berley Education Auditorium. Mr.
Savelle was introduced l>y Ronald
Hilton of the Komanie Languages
Department. , t
Mr. SavelJe gave a background of
discoveries iir' the Western Hemi
>phere, beginning with Lief Erick
son who was tiie first discoverer
.:.nd going on to Columbus.
According to Mr. Savelle, the rea
son that Eiiekson's discovery was
not followed up was that there was
no interest in new horizons or new
worlds at that time. However, as
vlr, Savelle told his audience of
over lf>o interested students and
taeulty members, in Columbus' time
there was an expanding interest in i
>*>.ploration, science, and travel.
Max Savelle, Stanford history
professor, spok • on '"'i'lte Discovery i
of America" last night in the Cub
berley Education Auditorium. Mr.
Savelle was introduced l>y Ronald
Hilton of the Komanie Languages
Department. , t
Mr. SavelJe gave a background of
discoveries iir' the Western Hemi
>phere, beginning with Lief Erick
son who was tiie first discoverer
.:.nd going on to Columbus.
According to Mr. Savelle, the rea
son that Eiiekson's discovery was
not followed up was that there was
no interest in new horizons or new
worlds at that time. However, as
vlr, Savelle told his audience of
over lf>o interested students and
taeulty members, in Columbus' time
there was an expanding interest in i
>*>.ploration, science, and travel.
Max Savelle, Stanford history
professor, spok • on '"'i'lte Discovery i
of America" last night in the Cub
berley Education Auditorium. Mr.
Savelle was introduced l>y Ronald
Hilton of the Komanie Languages
Department. , t
Mr. SavelJe gave a background of
discoveries iir' the Western Hemi
>phere, beginning with Lief Erick
son who was tiie first discoverer
.:.nd going on to Columbus.
According to Mr. Savelle, the rea
son that Eiiekson's discovery was
not followed up was that there was
no interest in new horizons or new
worlds at that time. However, as
vlr, Savelle told his audience of
over lf>o interested students and
taeulty members, in Columbus' time
there was an expanding interest in i
>*>.ploration, science, and travel.
Max Savelle, Stanford history
professor, spok • on '"'i'lte Discovery i
of America" last night in the Cub
berley Education Auditorium. Mr.
Savelle was introduced l>y Ronald
Hilton of the Komanie Languages
Department. , t
Mr. SavelJe gave a background of
discoveries iir' the Western Hemi
>phere, beginning with Lief Erick
son who was tiie first discoverer
.:.nd going on to Columbus.
According to Mr. Savelle, the rea
son that Eiiekson's discovery was
not followed up was that there was
no interest in new horizons or new
worlds at that time. However, as
vlr, Savelle told his audience of
over lf>o interested students and
taeulty members, in Columbus' time
there was an expanding interest in i
>*>.ploration, science, and travel.
Max Savelle, Stanford history
professor, spok • on '"'i'lte Discovery i
of America" last night in the Cub
berley Education Auditorium. Mr.
Savelle was introduced l>y Ronald
Hilton of the Komanie Languages
Department. , t
Mr. SavelJe gave a background of
discoveries iir' the Western Hemi
>phere, beginning with Lief Erick
son who was tiie first discoverer
.:.nd going on to Columbus.
According to Mr. Savelle, the rea
son that Eiiekson's discovery was
not followed up was that there was
no interest in new horizons or new
worlds at that time. However, as
vlr, Savelle told his audience of
over lf>o interested students and
taeulty members, in Columbus' time
there was an expanding interest in i
>*>.ploration, science, and travel.
Max Savelle, Stanford history
professor, spok • on '"'i'lte Discovery i
of America" last night in the Cub
berley Education Auditorium. Mr.
Savelle was introduced l>y Ronald
Hilton of the Komanie Languages
Department. , t
Mr. SavelJe gave a background of
discoveries iir' the Western Hemi
>phere, beginning with Lief Erick
son who was tiie first discoverer
.:.nd going on to Columbus.
According to Mr. Savelle, the rea
son that Eiiekson's discovery was
not followed up was that there was
no interest in new horizons or new
worlds at that time. However, as
vlr, Savelle told his audience of
over lf>o interested students and
taeulty members, in Columbus' time
there was an expanding interest in i
>*>.ploration, science, and travel.
Max Savelle, Stanford history
professor, spok • on '"'i'lte Discovery i
of America" last night in the Cub
berley Education Auditorium. Mr.
Savelle was introduced l>y Ronald
Hilton of the Komanie Languages
Department. , t
Mr. SavelJe gave a background of
discoveries iir' the Western Hemi
>phere, beginning with Lief Erick
son who was tiie first discoverer
.:.nd going on to Columbus.
According to Mr. Savelle, the rea
son that Eiiekson's discovery was
not followed up was that there was
no interest in new horizons or new
worlds at that time. However, as
vlr, Savelle told his audience of
over lf>o interested students and
taeulty members, in Columbus' time
there was an expanding interest in i
>*>.ploration, science, and travel.
Max Savelle, Stanford history
professor, spok • on '"'i'lte Discovery i
of America" last night in the Cub
berley Education Auditorium. Mr.
Savelle was introduced l>y Ronald
Hilton of the Komanie Languages
Department. , t
Mr. SavelJe gave a background of
discoveries iir' the Western Hemi
>phere, beginning with Lief Erick
son who was tiie first discoverer
.:.nd going on to Columbus.
According to Mr. Savelle, the rea
son that Eiiekson's discovery was
not followed up was that there was
no interest in new horizons or new
worlds at that time. However, as
vlr, Savelle told his audience of
over lf>o interested students and
taeulty members, in Columbus' time
there was an expanding interest in i
>*>.ploration, science, and travel.
Max Savelle, Stanford history
professor, spok • on '"'i'lte Discovery i
of America" last night in the Cub
berley Education Auditorium. Mr.
Savelle was introduced l>y Ronald
Hilton of the Komanie Languages
Department. , t
Mr. SavelJe gave a background of
discoveries iir' the Western Hemi
>phere, beginning with Lief Erick
son who was tiie first discoverer
.:.nd going on to Columbus.
According to Mr. Savelle, the rea
son that Eiiekson's discovery was
not followed up was that there was
no interest in new horizons or new
worlds at that time. However, as
vlr, Savelle told his audience of
over lf>o interested students and
taeulty members, in Columbus' time
there was an expanding interest in i
>*>.ploration, science, and travel.
Max Savelle, Stanford history
professor, spok • on '"'i'lte Discovery i
of America" last night in the Cub
berley Education Auditorium. Mr.
Savelle was introduced l>y Ronald
Hilton of the Komanie Languages
Department. , t
Mr. SavelJe gave a background of
discoveries iir' the Western Hemi
>phere, beginning with Lief Erick
son who was tiie first discoverer
.:.nd going on to Columbus.
According to Mr. Savelle, the rea
son that Eiiekson's discovery was
not followed up was that there was
no interest in new horizons or new
worlds at that time. However, as
vlr, Savelle told his audience of
over lf>o interested students and
taeulty members, in Columbus' time
there was an expanding interest in i
>*>.ploration, science, and travel.
Max Savelle, Stanford history
professor, spok • on '"'i'lte Discovery i
of America" last night in the Cub
berley Education Auditorium. Mr.
Savelle was introduced l>y Ronald
Hilton of the Komanie Languages
Department. , t
Mr. SavelJe gave a background of
discoveries iir' the Western Hemi
>phere, beginning with Lief Erick
son who was tiie first discoverer
.:.nd going on to Columbus.
According to Mr. Savelle, the rea
son that Eiiekson's discovery was
not followed up was that there was
no interest in new horizons or new
worlds at that time. However, as
vlr, Savelle told his audience of
over lf>o interested students and
taeulty members, in Columbus' time
there was an expanding interest in i
>*>.ploration, science, and travel.
Max Savelle, Stanford history
professor, spok • on '"'i'lte Discovery i
of America" last night in the Cub
berley Education Auditorium. Mr.
Savelle was introduced l>y Ronald
Hilton of the Komanie Languages
Department. , t
Mr. SavelJe gave a background of
discoveries iir' the Western Hemi
>phere, beginning with Lief Erick
son who was tiie first discoverer
.:.nd going on to Columbus.
According to Mr. Savelle, the rea
son that Eiiekson's discovery was
not followed up was that there was
no interest in new horizons or new
worlds at that time. However, as
vlr, Savelle told his audience of
over lf>o interested students and
taeulty members, in Columbus' time
there was an expanding interest in i
>*>.ploration, science, and travel.
Max Savelle, Stanford history
professor, spok • on '"'i'lte Discovery i
of America" last night in the Cub
berley Education Auditorium. Mr.
Savelle was introduced l>y Ronald
Hilton of the Komanie Languages
Department. , t
Mr. SavelJe gave a background of
discoveries iir' the Western Hemi
>phere, beginning with Lief Erick
son who was tiie first discoverer
.:.nd going on to Columbus.
According to Mr. Savelle, the rea
son that Eiiekson's discovery was
not followed up was that there was
no interest in new horizons or new
worlds at that time. However, as
vlr, Savelle told his audience of
over lf>o interested students and
taeulty members, in Columbus' time
there was an expanding interest in i
>*>.ploration, science, and travel.
Max Savelle, Stanford history
professor, spok • on '"'i'lte Discovery i
of America" last night in the Cub
berley Education Auditorium. Mr.
Savelle was introduced l>y Ronald
Hilton of the Komanie Languages
Department. , t
Mr. SavelJe gave a background of
discoveries iir' the Western Hemi
>phere, beginning with Lief Erick
son who was tiie first discoverer
.:.nd going on to Columbus.
According to Mr. Savelle, the rea
son that Eiiekson's discovery was
not followed up was that there was
no interest in new horizons or new
worlds at that time. However, as
vlr, Savelle told his audience of
over lf>o interested students and
taeulty members, in Columbus' time
there was an expanding interest in i
>*>.ploration, science, and travel.
