# Campus Orchestra Needs Musicians
## 
### 
The university Orchestra, whirl
will take part in the Spring Mush
Series and will make other publi<
appearances, has places open foi
first violinists and and a douhli
bass player.
Only those violinists, students oi
faculty members, who have dont
solo work will be considered foi
the positions. Qualified musicians
should contact Dr. Jan Popper, di
rector, at P.A. (5731.
The university Orchestra, whirl
will take part in the Spring Mush
Series and will make other publi<
appearances, has places open foi
first violinists and and a douhli
bass player.
Only those violinists, students oi
faculty members, who have dont
solo work will be considered foi
the positions. Qualified musicians
should contact Dr. Jan Popper, di
rector, at P.A. (5731.
The university Orchestra, whirl
will take part in the Spring Mush
Series and will make other publi<
appearances, has places open foi
first violinists and and a douhli
bass player.
Only those violinists, students oi
faculty members, who have dont
solo work will be considered foi
the positions. Qualified musicians
should contact Dr. Jan Popper, di
rector, at P.A. (5731.
The university Orchestra, whirl
will take part in the Spring Mush
Series and will make other publi<
appearances, has places open foi
first violinists and and a douhli
bass player.
Only those violinists, students oi
faculty members, who have dont
solo work will be considered foi
the positions. Qualified musicians
should contact Dr. Jan Popper, di
rector, at P.A. (5731.
The university Orchestra, whirl
will take part in the Spring Mush
Series and will make other publi<
appearances, has places open foi
first violinists and and a douhli
bass player.
Only those violinists, students oi
faculty members, who have dont
solo work will be considered foi
the positions. Qualified musicians
should contact Dr. Jan Popper, di
rector, at P.A. (5731.
The university Orchestra, whirl
will take part in the Spring Mush
Series and will make other publi<
appearances, has places open foi
first violinists and and a douhli
bass player.
Only those violinists, students oi
faculty members, who have dont
solo work will be considered foi
the positions. Qualified musicians
should contact Dr. Jan Popper, di
rector, at P.A. (5731.
The university Orchestra, whirl
will take part in the Spring Mush
Series and will make other publi<
appearances, has places open foi
first violinists and and a douhli
bass player.
Only those violinists, students oi
faculty members, who have dont
solo work will be considered foi
the positions. Qualified musicians
should contact Dr. Jan Popper, di
rector, at P.A. (5731.
The university Orchestra, whirl
will take part in the Spring Mush
Series and will make other publi<
appearances, has places open foi
first violinists and and a douhli
bass player.
Only those violinists, students oi
faculty members, who have dont
solo work will be considered foi
the positions. Qualified musicians
should contact Dr. Jan Popper, di
rector, at P.A. (5731.
The university Orchestra, whirl
will take part in the Spring Mush
Series and will make other publi<
appearances, has places open foi
first violinists and and a douhli
bass player.
Only those violinists, students oi
faculty members, who have dont
solo work will be considered foi
the positions. Qualified musicians
should contact Dr. Jan Popper, di
rector, at P.A. (5731.
The university Orchestra, whirl
will take part in the Spring Mush
Series and will make other publi<
appearances, has places open foi
first violinists and and a douhli
bass player.
Only those violinists, students oi
faculty members, who have dont
solo work will be considered foi
the positions. Qualified musicians
should contact Dr. Jan Popper, di
rector, at P.A. (5731.
The university Orchestra, whirl
will take part in the Spring Mush
Series and will make other publi<
appearances, has places open foi
first violinists and and a douhli
bass player.
Only those violinists, students oi
faculty members, who have dont
solo work will be considered foi
the positions. Qualified musicians
should contact Dr. Jan Popper, di
rector, at P.A. (5731.
The university Orchestra, whirl
will take part in the Spring Mush
Series and will make other publi<
appearances, has places open foi
first violinists and and a douhli
bass player.
Only those violinists, students oi
faculty members, who have dont
solo work will be considered foi
the positions. Qualified musicians
should contact Dr. Jan Popper, di
rector, at P.A. (5731.
The university Orchestra, whirl
will take part in the Spring Mush
Series and will make other publi<
appearances, has places open foi
first violinists and and a douhli
bass player.
Only those violinists, students oi
faculty members, who have dont
solo work will be considered foi
the positions. Qualified musicians
should contact Dr. Jan Popper, di
rector, at P.A. (5731.
The university Orchestra, whirl
will take part in the Spring Mush
Series and will make other publi<
appearances, has places open foi
first violinists and and a douhli
bass player.
Only those violinists, students oi
faculty members, who have dont
solo work will be considered foi
the positions. Qualified musicians
should contact Dr. Jan Popper, di
rector, at P.A. (5731.
The university Orchestra, whirl
will take part in the Spring Mush
Series and will make other publi<
appearances, has places open foi
first violinists and and a douhli
bass player.
Only those violinists, students oi
faculty members, who have dont
solo work will be considered foi
the positions. Qualified musicians
should contact Dr. Jan Popper, di
rector, at P.A. (5731.
