# Speech Correctionists Will Hold Discussion
## 
### 
Muss Kufli Brace, supervisor ol j
oeech correction in Contra Costa |
County, will lead a panel discussion
on the administration and leaching i
«/t speech correction in Ihe public j
• ohonls today at 4:15 p.m. in room i
•18 of the S.A.C.
Mrs. Bernard Gray, speech cor- ,
icctionist in the San Jose school
ystem, will also speak. Problems of i
organization, methods of teaching, i
and needs and opportunities will be !
discussed.
Muss Kufli Brace, supervisor ol j
oeech correction in Contra Costa |
County, will lead a panel discussion
on the administration and leaching i
«/t speech correction in Ihe public j
• ohonls today at 4:15 p.m. in room i
•18 of the S.A.C.
Mrs. Bernard Gray, speech cor- ,
icctionist in the San Jose school
ystem, will also speak. Problems of i
organization, methods of teaching, i
and needs and opportunities will be !
discussed.
Muss Kufli Brace, supervisor ol j
oeech correction in Contra Costa |
County, will lead a panel discussion
on the administration and leaching i
«/t speech correction in Ihe public j
• ohonls today at 4:15 p.m. in room i
•18 of the S.A.C.
Mrs. Bernard Gray, speech cor- ,
icctionist in the San Jose school
ystem, will also speak. Problems of i
organization, methods of teaching, i
and needs and opportunities will be !
discussed.
Muss Kufli Brace, supervisor ol j
oeech correction in Contra Costa |
County, will lead a panel discussion
on the administration and leaching i
«/t speech correction in Ihe public j
• ohonls today at 4:15 p.m. in room i
•18 of the S.A.C.
Mrs. Bernard Gray, speech cor- ,
icctionist in the San Jose school
ystem, will also speak. Problems of i
organization, methods of teaching, i
and needs and opportunities will be !
discussed.
Muss Kufli Brace, supervisor ol j
oeech correction in Contra Costa |
County, will lead a panel discussion
on the administration and leaching i
«/t speech correction in Ihe public j
• ohonls today at 4:15 p.m. in room i
•18 of the S.A.C.
Mrs. Bernard Gray, speech cor- ,
icctionist in the San Jose school
ystem, will also speak. Problems of i
organization, methods of teaching, i
and needs and opportunities will be !
discussed.
Muss Kufli Brace, supervisor ol j
oeech correction in Contra Costa |
County, will lead a panel discussion
on the administration and leaching i
«/t speech correction in Ihe public j
• ohonls today at 4:15 p.m. in room i
•18 of the S.A.C.
Mrs. Bernard Gray, speech cor- ,
icctionist in the San Jose school
ystem, will also speak. Problems of i
organization, methods of teaching, i
and needs and opportunities will be !
discussed.
Muss Kufli Brace, supervisor ol j
oeech correction in Contra Costa |
County, will lead a panel discussion
on the administration and leaching i
«/t speech correction in Ihe public j
• ohonls today at 4:15 p.m. in room i
•18 of the S.A.C.
Mrs. Bernard Gray, speech cor- ,
icctionist in the San Jose school
ystem, will also speak. Problems of i
organization, methods of teaching, i
and needs and opportunities will be !
discussed.
Muss Kufli Brace, supervisor ol j
oeech correction in Contra Costa |
County, will lead a panel discussion
on the administration and leaching i
«/t speech correction in Ihe public j
• ohonls today at 4:15 p.m. in room i
•18 of the S.A.C.
Mrs. Bernard Gray, speech cor- ,
icctionist in the San Jose school
ystem, will also speak. Problems of i
organization, methods of teaching, i
and needs and opportunities will be !
discussed.
Muss Kufli Brace, supervisor ol j
oeech correction in Contra Costa |
County, will lead a panel discussion
on the administration and leaching i
«/t speech correction in Ihe public j
• ohonls today at 4:15 p.m. in room i
•18 of the S.A.C.
Mrs. Bernard Gray, speech cor- ,
icctionist in the San Jose school
ystem, will also speak. Problems of i
organization, methods of teaching, i
and needs and opportunities will be !
discussed.
Muss Kufli Brace, supervisor ol j
oeech correction in Contra Costa |
County, will lead a panel discussion
on the administration and leaching i
«/t speech correction in Ihe public j
• ohonls today at 4:15 p.m. in room i
•18 of the S.A.C.
Mrs. Bernard Gray, speech cor- ,
icctionist in the San Jose school
ystem, will also speak. Problems of i
organization, methods of teaching, i
and needs and opportunities will be !
discussed.
Muss Kufli Brace, supervisor ol j
oeech correction in Contra Costa |
County, will lead a panel discussion
on the administration and leaching i
«/t speech correction in Ihe public j
• ohonls today at 4:15 p.m. in room i
•18 of the S.A.C.
Mrs. Bernard Gray, speech cor- ,
icctionist in the San Jose school
ystem, will also speak. Problems of i
organization, methods of teaching, i
and needs and opportunities will be !
discussed.
Muss Kufli Brace, supervisor ol j
oeech correction in Contra Costa |
County, will lead a panel discussion
on the administration and leaching i
«/t speech correction in Ihe public j
• ohonls today at 4:15 p.m. in room i
•18 of the S.A.C.
Mrs. Bernard Gray, speech cor- ,
icctionist in the San Jose school
ystem, will also speak. Problems of i
organization, methods of teaching, i
and needs and opportunities will be !
discussed.
Muss Kufli Brace, supervisor ol j
oeech correction in Contra Costa |
County, will lead a panel discussion
on the administration and leaching i
«/t speech correction in Ihe public j
• ohonls today at 4:15 p.m. in room i
•18 of the S.A.C.
Mrs. Bernard Gray, speech cor- ,
icctionist in the San Jose school
ystem, will also speak. Problems of i
organization, methods of teaching, i
and needs and opportunities will be !
discussed.
Muss Kufli Brace, supervisor ol j
oeech correction in Contra Costa |
County, will lead a panel discussion
on the administration and leaching i
«/t speech correction in Ihe public j
• ohonls today at 4:15 p.m. in room i
•18 of the S.A.C.
Mrs. Bernard Gray, speech cor- ,
icctionist in the San Jose school
ystem, will also speak. Problems of i
organization, methods of teaching, i
and needs and opportunities will be !
discussed.
Muss Kufli Brace, supervisor ol j
oeech correction in Contra Costa |
County, will lead a panel discussion
on the administration and leaching i
«/t speech correction in Ihe public j
• ohonls today at 4:15 p.m. in room i
•18 of the S.A.C.
Mrs. Bernard Gray, speech cor- ,
icctionist in the San Jose school
ystem, will also speak. Problems of i
organization, methods of teaching, i
and needs and opportunities will be !
discussed.
