# Fete to Honor Summer Faculty
## 
### 
An open house honoring summer
faculty members will be held to
morrow afternoon from 4 to 6 at
the President's house, 623 Mirada
on campus.
Acting President Alvin C. Eurich
and Mrs. Eurich will be hosts. All
faculty members are invited.
Assisting the Eurichs in receiving
their guests will be the following
members of the faculty and admin
istrative staff and their wives:
Douglas M. Whitaker, Merrill K.
Bennett, John Bartky, Robert N.
Bush. H. Donald Winbigler, Law
rence A. Kimpton, Clarence H.
Faust, J. Hugh Jackson, Frederick
E. Terman, Philip A. Leighton,
Herbert D. Meritt, C. Stacey
French, Easton Rothwell, Carl B.
Spaeth, Thomas P. Carpenter, and
Frederic O. Glover.
An open house honoring summer
faculty members will be held to
morrow afternoon from 4 to 6 at
the President's house, 623 Mirada
on campus.
Acting President Alvin C. Eurich
and Mrs. Eurich will be hosts. All
faculty members are invited.
Assisting the Eurichs in receiving
their guests will be the following
members of the faculty and admin
istrative staff and their wives:
Douglas M. Whitaker, Merrill K.
Bennett, John Bartky, Robert N.
Bush. H. Donald Winbigler, Law
rence A. Kimpton, Clarence H.
Faust, J. Hugh Jackson, Frederick
E. Terman, Philip A. Leighton,
Herbert D. Meritt, C. Stacey
French, Easton Rothwell, Carl B.
Spaeth, Thomas P. Carpenter, and
Frederic O. Glover.
An open house honoring summer
faculty members will be held to
morrow afternoon from 4 to 6 at
the President's house, 623 Mirada
on campus.
Acting President Alvin C. Eurich
and Mrs. Eurich will be hosts. All
faculty members are invited.
Assisting the Eurichs in receiving
their guests will be the following
members of the faculty and admin
istrative staff and their wives:
Douglas M. Whitaker, Merrill K.
Bennett, John Bartky, Robert N.
Bush. H. Donald Winbigler, Law
rence A. Kimpton, Clarence H.
Faust, J. Hugh Jackson, Frederick
E. Terman, Philip A. Leighton,
Herbert D. Meritt, C. Stacey
French, Easton Rothwell, Carl B.
Spaeth, Thomas P. Carpenter, and
Frederic O. Glover.
An open house honoring summer
faculty members will be held to
morrow afternoon from 4 to 6 at
the President's house, 623 Mirada
on campus.
Acting President Alvin C. Eurich
and Mrs. Eurich will be hosts. All
faculty members are invited.
Assisting the Eurichs in receiving
their guests will be the following
members of the faculty and admin
istrative staff and their wives:
Douglas M. Whitaker, Merrill K.
Bennett, John Bartky, Robert N.
Bush. H. Donald Winbigler, Law
rence A. Kimpton, Clarence H.
Faust, J. Hugh Jackson, Frederick
E. Terman, Philip A. Leighton,
Herbert D. Meritt, C. Stacey
French, Easton Rothwell, Carl B.
Spaeth, Thomas P. Carpenter, and
Frederic O. Glover.
An open house honoring summer
faculty members will be held to
morrow afternoon from 4 to 6 at
the President's house, 623 Mirada
on campus.
Acting President Alvin C. Eurich
and Mrs. Eurich will be hosts. All
faculty members are invited.
Assisting the Eurichs in receiving
their guests will be the following
members of the faculty and admin
istrative staff and their wives:
Douglas M. Whitaker, Merrill K.
Bennett, John Bartky, Robert N.
Bush. H. Donald Winbigler, Law
rence A. Kimpton, Clarence H.
Faust, J. Hugh Jackson, Frederick
E. Terman, Philip A. Leighton,
Herbert D. Meritt, C. Stacey
French, Easton Rothwell, Carl B.
Spaeth, Thomas P. Carpenter, and
Frederic O. Glover.
An open house honoring summer
faculty members will be held to
morrow afternoon from 4 to 6 at
the President's house, 623 Mirada
on campus.
Acting President Alvin C. Eurich
and Mrs. Eurich will be hosts. All
faculty members are invited.
Assisting the Eurichs in receiving
their guests will be the following
members of the faculty and admin
istrative staff and their wives:
Douglas M. Whitaker, Merrill K.
Bennett, John Bartky, Robert N.
Bush. H. Donald Winbigler, Law
rence A. Kimpton, Clarence H.
Faust, J. Hugh Jackson, Frederick
E. Terman, Philip A. Leighton,
Herbert D. Meritt, C. Stacey
French, Easton Rothwell, Carl B.
Spaeth, Thomas P. Carpenter, and
Frederic O. Glover.
An open house honoring summer
faculty members will be held to
morrow afternoon from 4 to 6 at
the President's house, 623 Mirada
on campus.
Acting President Alvin C. Eurich
and Mrs. Eurich will be hosts. All
faculty members are invited.
Assisting the Eurichs in receiving
their guests will be the following
members of the faculty and admin
istrative staff and their wives:
Douglas M. Whitaker, Merrill K.
Bennett, John Bartky, Robert N.
Bush. H. Donald Winbigler, Law
rence A. Kimpton, Clarence H.
Faust, J. Hugh Jackson, Frederick
E. Terman, Philip A. Leighton,
Herbert D. Meritt, C. Stacey
French, Easton Rothwell, Carl B.
Spaeth, Thomas P. Carpenter, and
Frederic O. Glover.
An open house honoring summer
faculty members will be held to
morrow afternoon from 4 to 6 at
the President's house, 623 Mirada
on campus.
Acting President Alvin C. Eurich
and Mrs. Eurich will be hosts. All
faculty members are invited.
Assisting the Eurichs in receiving
their guests will be the following
members of the faculty and admin
istrative staff and their wives:
Douglas M. Whitaker, Merrill K.
Bennett, John Bartky, Robert N.
Bush. H. Donald Winbigler, Law
rence A. Kimpton, Clarence H.
Faust, J. Hugh Jackson, Frederick
E. Terman, Philip A. Leighton,
Herbert D. Meritt, C. Stacey
French, Easton Rothwell, Carl B.
Spaeth, Thomas P. Carpenter, and
Frederic O. Glover.
An open house honoring summer
faculty members will be held to
morrow afternoon from 4 to 6 at
the President's house, 623 Mirada
on campus.
Acting President Alvin C. Eurich
and Mrs. Eurich will be hosts. All
faculty members are invited.
Assisting the Eurichs in receiving
their guests will be the following
members of the faculty and admin
istrative staff and their wives:
Douglas M. Whitaker, Merrill K.
Bennett, John Bartky, Robert N.
Bush. H. Donald Winbigler, Law
rence A. Kimpton, Clarence H.
Faust, J. Hugh Jackson, Frederick
E. Terman, Philip A. Leighton,
Herbert D. Meritt, C. Stacey
French, Easton Rothwell, Carl B.
Spaeth, Thomas P. Carpenter, and
Frederic O. Glover.
An open house honoring summer
faculty members will be held to
morrow afternoon from 4 to 6 at
the President's house, 623 Mirada
on campus.
Acting President Alvin C. Eurich
and Mrs. Eurich will be hosts. All
faculty members are invited.
Assisting the Eurichs in receiving
their guests will be the following
members of the faculty and admin
istrative staff and their wives:
Douglas M. Whitaker, Merrill K.
Bennett, John Bartky, Robert N.
Bush. H. Donald Winbigler, Law
rence A. Kimpton, Clarence H.
Faust, J. Hugh Jackson, Frederick
E. Terman, Philip A. Leighton,
Herbert D. Meritt, C. Stacey
French, Easton Rothwell, Carl B.
Spaeth, Thomas P. Carpenter, and
Frederic O. Glover.
An open house honoring summer
faculty members will be held to
morrow afternoon from 4 to 6 at
the President's house, 623 Mirada
on campus.
Acting President Alvin C. Eurich
and Mrs. Eurich will be hosts. All
faculty members are invited.
Assisting the Eurichs in receiving
their guests will be the following
members of the faculty and admin
istrative staff and their wives:
Douglas M. Whitaker, Merrill K.
Bennett, John Bartky, Robert N.
Bush. H. Donald Winbigler, Law
rence A. Kimpton, Clarence H.
Faust, J. Hugh Jackson, Frederick
E. Terman, Philip A. Leighton,
Herbert D. Meritt, C. Stacey
French, Easton Rothwell, Carl B.
Spaeth, Thomas P. Carpenter, and
Frederic O. Glover.
An open house honoring summer
faculty members will be held to
morrow afternoon from 4 to 6 at
the President's house, 623 Mirada
on campus.
Acting President Alvin C. Eurich
and Mrs. Eurich will be hosts. All
faculty members are invited.
Assisting the Eurichs in receiving
their guests will be the following
members of the faculty and admin
istrative staff and their wives:
Douglas M. Whitaker, Merrill K.
Bennett, John Bartky, Robert N.
Bush. H. Donald Winbigler, Law
rence A. Kimpton, Clarence H.
Faust, J. Hugh Jackson, Frederick
E. Terman, Philip A. Leighton,
Herbert D. Meritt, C. Stacey
French, Easton Rothwell, Carl B.
Spaeth, Thomas P. Carpenter, and
Frederic O. Glover.
An open house honoring summer
faculty members will be held to
morrow afternoon from 4 to 6 at
the President's house, 623 Mirada
on campus.
Acting President Alvin C. Eurich
and Mrs. Eurich will be hosts. All
faculty members are invited.
Assisting the Eurichs in receiving
their guests will be the following
members of the faculty and admin
istrative staff and their wives:
Douglas M. Whitaker, Merrill K.
Bennett, John Bartky, Robert N.
Bush. H. Donald Winbigler, Law
rence A. Kimpton, Clarence H.
Faust, J. Hugh Jackson, Frederick
E. Terman, Philip A. Leighton,
Herbert D. Meritt, C. Stacey
French, Easton Rothwell, Carl B.
Spaeth, Thomas P. Carpenter, and
Frederic O. Glover.
An open house honoring summer
faculty members will be held to
morrow afternoon from 4 to 6 at
the President's house, 623 Mirada
on campus.
Acting President Alvin C. Eurich
and Mrs. Eurich will be hosts. All
faculty members are invited.
Assisting the Eurichs in receiving
their guests will be the following
members of the faculty and admin
istrative staff and their wives:
Douglas M. Whitaker, Merrill K.
Bennett, John Bartky, Robert N.
Bush. H. Donald Winbigler, Law
rence A. Kimpton, Clarence H.
Faust, J. Hugh Jackson, Frederick
E. Terman, Philip A. Leighton,
Herbert D. Meritt, C. Stacey
French, Easton Rothwell, Carl B.
Spaeth, Thomas P. Carpenter, and
Frederic O. Glover.
An open house honoring summer
faculty members will be held to
morrow afternoon from 4 to 6 at
the President's house, 623 Mirada
on campus.
Acting President Alvin C. Eurich
and Mrs. Eurich will be hosts. All
faculty members are invited.
Assisting the Eurichs in receiving
their guests will be the following
members of the faculty and admin
istrative staff and their wives:
Douglas M. Whitaker, Merrill K.
Bennett, John Bartky, Robert N.
Bush. H. Donald Winbigler, Law
rence A. Kimpton, Clarence H.
Faust, J. Hugh Jackson, Frederick
E. Terman, Philip A. Leighton,
Herbert D. Meritt, C. Stacey
French, Easton Rothwell, Carl B.
Spaeth, Thomas P. Carpenter, and
Frederic O. Glover.
