# Knoll Libe Displays Choral Literature
## 
### 
An exhibit of choral music and
choral literature is now being dis
played in the music library at the
Knoll. Material has come from the
Witmark Publishing Company, the
Schirmer Company, and the Music
Press, Professor Harold Schmidt said.
The display includes all types of
choral music, sacred music, secular
music, radio music, instrumental ar
rangements. and books on directing
techniques.
The music library is on the third
floor of the Knoll and the exhibit
will be or. iisuluv until Thursdav.
An exhibit of choral music and
choral literature is now being dis
played in the music library at the
Knoll. Material has come from the
Witmark Publishing Company, the
Schirmer Company, and the Music
Press, Professor Harold Schmidt said.
The display includes all types of
choral music, sacred music, secular
music, radio music, instrumental ar
rangements. and books on directing
techniques.
The music library is on the third
floor of the Knoll and the exhibit
will be or. iisuluv until Thursdav.
An exhibit of choral music and
choral literature is now being dis
played in the music library at the
Knoll. Material has come from the
Witmark Publishing Company, the
Schirmer Company, and the Music
Press, Professor Harold Schmidt said.
The display includes all types of
choral music, sacred music, secular
music, radio music, instrumental ar
rangements. and books on directing
techniques.
The music library is on the third
floor of the Knoll and the exhibit
will be or. iisuluv until Thursdav.
An exhibit of choral music and
choral literature is now being dis
played in the music library at the
Knoll. Material has come from the
Witmark Publishing Company, the
Schirmer Company, and the Music
Press, Professor Harold Schmidt said.
The display includes all types of
choral music, sacred music, secular
music, radio music, instrumental ar
rangements. and books on directing
techniques.
The music library is on the third
floor of the Knoll and the exhibit
will be or. iisuluv until Thursdav.
An exhibit of choral music and
choral literature is now being dis
played in the music library at the
Knoll. Material has come from the
Witmark Publishing Company, the
Schirmer Company, and the Music
Press, Professor Harold Schmidt said.
The display includes all types of
choral music, sacred music, secular
music, radio music, instrumental ar
rangements. and books on directing
techniques.
The music library is on the third
floor of the Knoll and the exhibit
will be or. iisuluv until Thursdav.
An exhibit of choral music and
choral literature is now being dis
played in the music library at the
Knoll. Material has come from the
Witmark Publishing Company, the
Schirmer Company, and the Music
Press, Professor Harold Schmidt said.
The display includes all types of
choral music, sacred music, secular
music, radio music, instrumental ar
rangements. and books on directing
techniques.
The music library is on the third
floor of the Knoll and the exhibit
will be or. iisuluv until Thursdav.
An exhibit of choral music and
choral literature is now being dis
played in the music library at the
Knoll. Material has come from the
Witmark Publishing Company, the
Schirmer Company, and the Music
Press, Professor Harold Schmidt said.
The display includes all types of
choral music, sacred music, secular
music, radio music, instrumental ar
rangements. and books on directing
techniques.
The music library is on the third
floor of the Knoll and the exhibit
will be or. iisuluv until Thursdav.
An exhibit of choral music and
choral literature is now being dis
played in the music library at the
Knoll. Material has come from the
Witmark Publishing Company, the
Schirmer Company, and the Music
Press, Professor Harold Schmidt said.
The display includes all types of
choral music, sacred music, secular
music, radio music, instrumental ar
rangements. and books on directing
techniques.
The music library is on the third
floor of the Knoll and the exhibit
will be or. iisuluv until Thursdav.
An exhibit of choral music and
choral literature is now being dis
played in the music library at the
Knoll. Material has come from the
Witmark Publishing Company, the
Schirmer Company, and the Music
Press, Professor Harold Schmidt said.
The display includes all types of
choral music, sacred music, secular
music, radio music, instrumental ar
rangements. and books on directing
techniques.
The music library is on the third
floor of the Knoll and the exhibit
will be or. iisuluv until Thursdav.
An exhibit of choral music and
choral literature is now being dis
played in the music library at the
Knoll. Material has come from the
Witmark Publishing Company, the
Schirmer Company, and the Music
Press, Professor Harold Schmidt said.
The display includes all types of
choral music, sacred music, secular
music, radio music, instrumental ar
rangements. and books on directing
techniques.
The music library is on the third
floor of the Knoll and the exhibit
will be or. iisuluv until Thursdav.
An exhibit of choral music and
choral literature is now being dis
played in the music library at the
Knoll. Material has come from the
Witmark Publishing Company, the
Schirmer Company, and the Music
Press, Professor Harold Schmidt said.
The display includes all types of
choral music, sacred music, secular
music, radio music, instrumental ar
rangements. and books on directing
techniques.
The music library is on the third
floor of the Knoll and the exhibit
will be or. iisuluv until Thursdav.
An exhibit of choral music and
choral literature is now being dis
played in the music library at the
Knoll. Material has come from the
Witmark Publishing Company, the
Schirmer Company, and the Music
Press, Professor Harold Schmidt said.
The display includes all types of
choral music, sacred music, secular
music, radio music, instrumental ar
rangements. and books on directing
techniques.
The music library is on the third
floor of the Knoll and the exhibit
will be or. iisuluv until Thursdav.
An exhibit of choral music and
choral literature is now being dis
played in the music library at the
Knoll. Material has come from the
Witmark Publishing Company, the
Schirmer Company, and the Music
Press, Professor Harold Schmidt said.
The display includes all types of
choral music, sacred music, secular
music, radio music, instrumental ar
rangements. and books on directing
techniques.
The music library is on the third
floor of the Knoll and the exhibit
will be or. iisuluv until Thursdav.
An exhibit of choral music and
choral literature is now being dis
played in the music library at the
Knoll. Material has come from the
Witmark Publishing Company, the
Schirmer Company, and the Music
Press, Professor Harold Schmidt said.
The display includes all types of
choral music, sacred music, secular
music, radio music, instrumental ar
rangements. and books on directing
techniques.
The music library is on the third
floor of the Knoll and the exhibit
will be or. iisuluv until Thursdav.
An exhibit of choral music and
choral literature is now being dis
played in the music library at the
Knoll. Material has come from the
Witmark Publishing Company, the
Schirmer Company, and the Music
Press, Professor Harold Schmidt said.
The display includes all types of
choral music, sacred music, secular
music, radio music, instrumental ar
rangements. and books on directing
techniques.
The music library is on the third
floor of the Knoll and the exhibit
will be or. iisuluv until Thursdav.
