# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Durand House announces the en
gagement of Sue Phister to Hamil
ton Holt, Phi Deita Theta.
Durand House announces the en
gagement of Sue Phister to Hamil
ton Holt, Phi Deita Theta.
Durand House announces the en
gagement of Sue Phister to Hamil
ton Holt, Phi Deita Theta.
Durand House announces the en
gagement of Sue Phister to Hamil
ton Holt, Phi Deita Theta.
Durand House announces the en
gagement of Sue Phister to Hamil
ton Holt, Phi Deita Theta.
Durand House announces the en
gagement of Sue Phister to Hamil
ton Holt, Phi Deita Theta.
Durand House announces the en
gagement of Sue Phister to Hamil
ton Holt, Phi Deita Theta.
Durand House announces the en
gagement of Sue Phister to Hamil
ton Holt, Phi Deita Theta.
Durand House announces the en
gagement of Sue Phister to Hamil
ton Holt, Phi Deita Theta.
Durand House announces the en
gagement of Sue Phister to Hamil
ton Holt, Phi Deita Theta.
Durand House announces the en
gagement of Sue Phister to Hamil
ton Holt, Phi Deita Theta.
Durand House announces the en
gagement of Sue Phister to Hamil
ton Holt, Phi Deita Theta.
Durand House announces the en
gagement of Sue Phister to Hamil
ton Holt, Phi Deita Theta.
Durand House announces the en
gagement of Sue Phister to Hamil
ton Holt, Phi Deita Theta.
Durand House announces the en
gagement of Sue Phister to Hamil
ton Holt, Phi Deita Theta.
