# Untitled Article
## 
### 

JOHN MOWAT,
1' ros h' swimmer,
who will lead the
Irtish swimmers in i
their invasion of
Berkeley S a t u r- j
day. John is un
defeated in dis
tanee swimming
this year and
threatens to break
the frosh swim
ming record in the
220-yard freestyle.
—Photo by How
ard Garnick

JOHN MOWAT,
1' ros h' swimmer,
who will lead the
Irtish swimmers in i
their invasion of
Berkeley S a t u r- j
day. John is un
defeated in dis
tanee swimming
this year and
threatens to break
the frosh swim
ming record in the
220-yard freestyle.
—Photo by How
ard Garnick

JOHN MOWAT,
1' ros h' swimmer,
who will lead the
Irtish swimmers in i
their invasion of
Berkeley S a t u r- j
day. John is un
defeated in dis
tanee swimming
this year and
threatens to break
the frosh swim
ming record in the
220-yard freestyle.
—Photo by How
ard Garnick

JOHN MOWAT,
1' ros h' swimmer,
who will lead the
Irtish swimmers in i
their invasion of
Berkeley S a t u r- j
day. John is un
defeated in dis
tanee swimming
this year and
threatens to break
the frosh swim
ming record in the
220-yard freestyle.
—Photo by How
ard Garnick

JOHN MOWAT,
1' ros h' swimmer,
who will lead the
Irtish swimmers in i
their invasion of
Berkeley S a t u r- j
day. John is un
defeated in dis
tanee swimming
this year and
threatens to break
the frosh swim
ming record in the
220-yard freestyle.
—Photo by How
ard Garnick

JOHN MOWAT,
1' ros h' swimmer,
who will lead the
Irtish swimmers in i
their invasion of
Berkeley S a t u r- j
day. John is un
defeated in dis
tanee swimming
this year and
threatens to break
the frosh swim
ming record in the
220-yard freestyle.
—Photo by How
ard Garnick

JOHN MOWAT,
1' ros h' swimmer,
who will lead the
Irtish swimmers in i
their invasion of
Berkeley S a t u r- j
day. John is un
defeated in dis
tanee swimming
this year and
threatens to break
the frosh swim
ming record in the
220-yard freestyle.
—Photo by How
ard Garnick

JOHN MOWAT,
1' ros h' swimmer,
who will lead the
Irtish swimmers in i
their invasion of
Berkeley S a t u r- j
day. John is un
defeated in dis
tanee swimming
this year and
threatens to break
the frosh swim
ming record in the
220-yard freestyle.
—Photo by How
ard Garnick

JOHN MOWAT,
1' ros h' swimmer,
who will lead the
Irtish swimmers in i
their invasion of
Berkeley S a t u r- j
day. John is un
defeated in dis
tanee swimming
this year and
threatens to break
the frosh swim
ming record in the
220-yard freestyle.
—Photo by How
ard Garnick

JOHN MOWAT,
1' ros h' swimmer,
who will lead the
Irtish swimmers in i
their invasion of
Berkeley S a t u r- j
day. John is un
defeated in dis
tanee swimming
this year and
threatens to break
the frosh swim
ming record in the
220-yard freestyle.
—Photo by How
ard Garnick

JOHN MOWAT,
1' ros h' swimmer,
who will lead the
Irtish swimmers in i
their invasion of
Berkeley S a t u r- j
day. John is un
defeated in dis
tanee swimming
this year and
threatens to break
the frosh swim
ming record in the
220-yard freestyle.
—Photo by How
ard Garnick

JOHN MOWAT,
1' ros h' swimmer,
who will lead the
Irtish swimmers in i
their invasion of
Berkeley S a t u r- j
day. John is un
defeated in dis
tanee swimming
this year and
threatens to break
the frosh swim
ming record in the
220-yard freestyle.
—Photo by How
ard Garnick

JOHN MOWAT,
1' ros h' swimmer,
who will lead the
Irtish swimmers in i
their invasion of
Berkeley S a t u r- j
day. John is un
defeated in dis
tanee swimming
this year and
threatens to break
the frosh swim
ming record in the
220-yard freestyle.
—Photo by How
ard Garnick

JOHN MOWAT,
1' ros h' swimmer,
who will lead the
Irtish swimmers in i
their invasion of
Berkeley S a t u r- j
day. John is un
defeated in dis
tanee swimming
this year and
threatens to break
the frosh swim
ming record in the
220-yard freestyle.
—Photo by How
ard Garnick

JOHN MOWAT,
1' ros h' swimmer,
who will lead the
Irtish swimmers in i
their invasion of
Berkeley S a t u r- j
day. John is un
defeated in dis
tanee swimming
this year and
threatens to break
the frosh swim
ming record in the
220-yard freestyle.
—Photo by How
ard Garnick
