# CARNIVAL BUDGETS DUE
## 
### 
All living groups should turn in
budgets for Carnival concessions to
the ASSU office this week in order
to receive reimbursement, accord
ing to Ed Wright, Carnival co-chair
man.
All living groups should turn in
budgets for Carnival concessions to
the ASSU office this week in order
to receive reimbursement, accord
ing to Ed Wright, Carnival co-chair
man.
All living groups should turn in
budgets for Carnival concessions to
the ASSU office this week in order
to receive reimbursement, accord
ing to Ed Wright, Carnival co-chair
man.
All living groups should turn in
budgets for Carnival concessions to
the ASSU office this week in order
to receive reimbursement, accord
ing to Ed Wright, Carnival co-chair
man.
All living groups should turn in
budgets for Carnival concessions to
the ASSU office this week in order
to receive reimbursement, accord
ing to Ed Wright, Carnival co-chair
man.
All living groups should turn in
budgets for Carnival concessions to
the ASSU office this week in order
to receive reimbursement, accord
ing to Ed Wright, Carnival co-chair
man.
All living groups should turn in
budgets for Carnival concessions to
the ASSU office this week in order
to receive reimbursement, accord
ing to Ed Wright, Carnival co-chair
man.
All living groups should turn in
budgets for Carnival concessions to
the ASSU office this week in order
to receive reimbursement, accord
ing to Ed Wright, Carnival co-chair
man.
All living groups should turn in
budgets for Carnival concessions to
the ASSU office this week in order
to receive reimbursement, accord
ing to Ed Wright, Carnival co-chair
man.
All living groups should turn in
budgets for Carnival concessions to
the ASSU office this week in order
to receive reimbursement, accord
ing to Ed Wright, Carnival co-chair
man.
All living groups should turn in
budgets for Carnival concessions to
the ASSU office this week in order
to receive reimbursement, accord
ing to Ed Wright, Carnival co-chair
man.
All living groups should turn in
budgets for Carnival concessions to
the ASSU office this week in order
to receive reimbursement, accord
ing to Ed Wright, Carnival co-chair
man.
All living groups should turn in
budgets for Carnival concessions to
the ASSU office this week in order
to receive reimbursement, accord
ing to Ed Wright, Carnival co-chair
man.
All living groups should turn in
budgets for Carnival concessions to
the ASSU office this week in order
to receive reimbursement, accord
ing to Ed Wright, Carnival co-chair
man.
All living groups should turn in
budgets for Carnival concessions to
the ASSU office this week in order
to receive reimbursement, accord
ing to Ed Wright, Carnival co-chair
man.
