# Gaieties Second Act Meets at 2 Today
## 
### 
Everyone in Act II of the
(iaieties is to meet in Memorial
Auditorium at 2 p.m. today, an
nounced Mary Lou I'atton, di
rector.
Act II includes the French, Sac,
Revelation, Cohan, and Stanford
scenes. The Alaskan scene will
be rehearsed at 7 p.m., when the
set will be ready for use. Miss
I'atton also requests that all mem
bers bring some studying with
them.
Everyone in Act II of the
(iaieties is to meet in Memorial
Auditorium at 2 p.m. today, an
nounced Mary Lou I'atton, di
rector.
Act II includes the French, Sac,
Revelation, Cohan, and Stanford
scenes. The Alaskan scene will
be rehearsed at 7 p.m., when the
set will be ready for use. Miss
I'atton also requests that all mem
bers bring some studying with
them.
Everyone in Act II of the
(iaieties is to meet in Memorial
Auditorium at 2 p.m. today, an
nounced Mary Lou I'atton, di
rector.
Act II includes the French, Sac,
Revelation, Cohan, and Stanford
scenes. The Alaskan scene will
be rehearsed at 7 p.m., when the
set will be ready for use. Miss
I'atton also requests that all mem
bers bring some studying with
them.
Everyone in Act II of the
(iaieties is to meet in Memorial
Auditorium at 2 p.m. today, an
nounced Mary Lou I'atton, di
rector.
Act II includes the French, Sac,
Revelation, Cohan, and Stanford
scenes. The Alaskan scene will
be rehearsed at 7 p.m., when the
set will be ready for use. Miss
I'atton also requests that all mem
bers bring some studying with
them.
Everyone in Act II of the
(iaieties is to meet in Memorial
Auditorium at 2 p.m. today, an
nounced Mary Lou I'atton, di
rector.
Act II includes the French, Sac,
Revelation, Cohan, and Stanford
scenes. The Alaskan scene will
be rehearsed at 7 p.m., when the
set will be ready for use. Miss
I'atton also requests that all mem
bers bring some studying with
them.
Everyone in Act II of the
(iaieties is to meet in Memorial
Auditorium at 2 p.m. today, an
nounced Mary Lou I'atton, di
rector.
Act II includes the French, Sac,
Revelation, Cohan, and Stanford
scenes. The Alaskan scene will
be rehearsed at 7 p.m., when the
set will be ready for use. Miss
I'atton also requests that all mem
bers bring some studying with
them.
Everyone in Act II of the
(iaieties is to meet in Memorial
Auditorium at 2 p.m. today, an
nounced Mary Lou I'atton, di
rector.
Act II includes the French, Sac,
Revelation, Cohan, and Stanford
scenes. The Alaskan scene will
be rehearsed at 7 p.m., when the
set will be ready for use. Miss
I'atton also requests that all mem
bers bring some studying with
them.
Everyone in Act II of the
(iaieties is to meet in Memorial
Auditorium at 2 p.m. today, an
nounced Mary Lou I'atton, di
rector.
Act II includes the French, Sac,
Revelation, Cohan, and Stanford
scenes. The Alaskan scene will
be rehearsed at 7 p.m., when the
set will be ready for use. Miss
I'atton also requests that all mem
bers bring some studying with
them.
Everyone in Act II of the
(iaieties is to meet in Memorial
Auditorium at 2 p.m. today, an
nounced Mary Lou I'atton, di
rector.
Act II includes the French, Sac,
Revelation, Cohan, and Stanford
scenes. The Alaskan scene will
be rehearsed at 7 p.m., when the
set will be ready for use. Miss
I'atton also requests that all mem
bers bring some studying with
them.
Everyone in Act II of the
(iaieties is to meet in Memorial
Auditorium at 2 p.m. today, an
nounced Mary Lou I'atton, di
rector.
Act II includes the French, Sac,
Revelation, Cohan, and Stanford
scenes. The Alaskan scene will
be rehearsed at 7 p.m., when the
set will be ready for use. Miss
I'atton also requests that all mem
bers bring some studying with
them.
Everyone in Act II of the
(iaieties is to meet in Memorial
Auditorium at 2 p.m. today, an
nounced Mary Lou I'atton, di
rector.
Act II includes the French, Sac,
Revelation, Cohan, and Stanford
scenes. The Alaskan scene will
be rehearsed at 7 p.m., when the
set will be ready for use. Miss
I'atton also requests that all mem
bers bring some studying with
them.
Everyone in Act II of the
(iaieties is to meet in Memorial
Auditorium at 2 p.m. today, an
nounced Mary Lou I'atton, di
rector.
Act II includes the French, Sac,
Revelation, Cohan, and Stanford
scenes. The Alaskan scene will
be rehearsed at 7 p.m., when the
set will be ready for use. Miss
I'atton also requests that all mem
bers bring some studying with
them.
Everyone in Act II of the
(iaieties is to meet in Memorial
Auditorium at 2 p.m. today, an
nounced Mary Lou I'atton, di
rector.
Act II includes the French, Sac,
Revelation, Cohan, and Stanford
scenes. The Alaskan scene will
be rehearsed at 7 p.m., when the
set will be ready for use. Miss
I'atton also requests that all mem
bers bring some studying with
them.
Everyone in Act II of the
(iaieties is to meet in Memorial
Auditorium at 2 p.m. today, an
nounced Mary Lou I'atton, di
rector.
Act II includes the French, Sac,
Revelation, Cohan, and Stanford
scenes. The Alaskan scene will
be rehearsed at 7 p.m., when the
set will be ready for use. Miss
I'atton also requests that all mem
bers bring some studying with
them.
Everyone in Act II of the
(iaieties is to meet in Memorial
Auditorium at 2 p.m. today, an
nounced Mary Lou I'atton, di
rector.
Act II includes the French, Sac,
Revelation, Cohan, and Stanford
scenes. The Alaskan scene will
be rehearsed at 7 p.m., when the
set will be ready for use. Miss
I'atton also requests that all mem
bers bring some studying with
them.
Everyone in Act II of the
(iaieties is to meet in Memorial
Auditorium at 2 p.m. today, an
nounced Mary Lou I'atton, di
rector.
Act II includes the French, Sac,
Revelation, Cohan, and Stanford
scenes. The Alaskan scene will
be rehearsed at 7 p.m., when the
set will be ready for use. Miss
I'atton also requests that all mem
bers bring some studying with
them.
