# Shepard to Speak To Marriage Glass
## 
### 
Dr. Charles Shepard, director of
the Stanford Health Service, will
speak at the last meeting of the
quarter to the Marriage in the Home
class sponsored by the Y.W.C.A. at
4:30 today in the "Y" rooms above
the Women's Clubhouse. His topic
will be "Necessary Sex Adjustments
in Marriage." Peggy Perring, chair
man of the group, announced that
the meeting is open only to women.
Dr. Charles Shepard, director of
the Stanford Health Service, will
speak at the last meeting of the
quarter to the Marriage in the Home
class sponsored by the Y.W.C.A. at
4:30 today in the "Y" rooms above
the Women's Clubhouse. His topic
will be "Necessary Sex Adjustments
in Marriage." Peggy Perring, chair
man of the group, announced that
the meeting is open only to women.
Dr. Charles Shepard, director of
the Stanford Health Service, will
speak at the last meeting of the
quarter to the Marriage in the Home
class sponsored by the Y.W.C.A. at
4:30 today in the "Y" rooms above
the Women's Clubhouse. His topic
will be "Necessary Sex Adjustments
in Marriage." Peggy Perring, chair
man of the group, announced that
the meeting is open only to women.
Dr. Charles Shepard, director of
the Stanford Health Service, will
speak at the last meeting of the
quarter to the Marriage in the Home
class sponsored by the Y.W.C.A. at
4:30 today in the "Y" rooms above
the Women's Clubhouse. His topic
will be "Necessary Sex Adjustments
in Marriage." Peggy Perring, chair
man of the group, announced that
the meeting is open only to women.
Dr. Charles Shepard, director of
the Stanford Health Service, will
speak at the last meeting of the
quarter to the Marriage in the Home
class sponsored by the Y.W.C.A. at
4:30 today in the "Y" rooms above
the Women's Clubhouse. His topic
will be "Necessary Sex Adjustments
in Marriage." Peggy Perring, chair
man of the group, announced that
the meeting is open only to women.
Dr. Charles Shepard, director of
the Stanford Health Service, will
speak at the last meeting of the
quarter to the Marriage in the Home
class sponsored by the Y.W.C.A. at
4:30 today in the "Y" rooms above
the Women's Clubhouse. His topic
will be "Necessary Sex Adjustments
in Marriage." Peggy Perring, chair
man of the group, announced that
the meeting is open only to women.
Dr. Charles Shepard, director of
the Stanford Health Service, will
speak at the last meeting of the
quarter to the Marriage in the Home
class sponsored by the Y.W.C.A. at
4:30 today in the "Y" rooms above
the Women's Clubhouse. His topic
will be "Necessary Sex Adjustments
in Marriage." Peggy Perring, chair
man of the group, announced that
the meeting is open only to women.
Dr. Charles Shepard, director of
the Stanford Health Service, will
speak at the last meeting of the
quarter to the Marriage in the Home
class sponsored by the Y.W.C.A. at
4:30 today in the "Y" rooms above
the Women's Clubhouse. His topic
will be "Necessary Sex Adjustments
in Marriage." Peggy Perring, chair
man of the group, announced that
the meeting is open only to women.
Dr. Charles Shepard, director of
the Stanford Health Service, will
speak at the last meeting of the
quarter to the Marriage in the Home
class sponsored by the Y.W.C.A. at
4:30 today in the "Y" rooms above
the Women's Clubhouse. His topic
will be "Necessary Sex Adjustments
in Marriage." Peggy Perring, chair
man of the group, announced that
the meeting is open only to women.
Dr. Charles Shepard, director of
the Stanford Health Service, will
speak at the last meeting of the
quarter to the Marriage in the Home
class sponsored by the Y.W.C.A. at
4:30 today in the "Y" rooms above
the Women's Clubhouse. His topic
will be "Necessary Sex Adjustments
in Marriage." Peggy Perring, chair
man of the group, announced that
the meeting is open only to women.
Dr. Charles Shepard, director of
the Stanford Health Service, will
speak at the last meeting of the
quarter to the Marriage in the Home
class sponsored by the Y.W.C.A. at
4:30 today in the "Y" rooms above
the Women's Clubhouse. His topic
will be "Necessary Sex Adjustments
in Marriage." Peggy Perring, chair
man of the group, announced that
the meeting is open only to women.
Dr. Charles Shepard, director of
the Stanford Health Service, will
speak at the last meeting of the
quarter to the Marriage in the Home
class sponsored by the Y.W.C.A. at
4:30 today in the "Y" rooms above
the Women's Clubhouse. His topic
will be "Necessary Sex Adjustments
in Marriage." Peggy Perring, chair
man of the group, announced that
the meeting is open only to women.
Dr. Charles Shepard, director of
the Stanford Health Service, will
speak at the last meeting of the
quarter to the Marriage in the Home
class sponsored by the Y.W.C.A. at
4:30 today in the "Y" rooms above
the Women's Clubhouse. His topic
will be "Necessary Sex Adjustments
in Marriage." Peggy Perring, chair
man of the group, announced that
the meeting is open only to women.
Dr. Charles Shepard, director of
the Stanford Health Service, will
speak at the last meeting of the
quarter to the Marriage in the Home
class sponsored by the Y.W.C.A. at
4:30 today in the "Y" rooms above
the Women's Clubhouse. His topic
will be "Necessary Sex Adjustments
in Marriage." Peggy Perring, chair
man of the group, announced that
the meeting is open only to women.
Dr. Charles Shepard, director of
the Stanford Health Service, will
speak at the last meeting of the
quarter to the Marriage in the Home
class sponsored by the Y.W.C.A. at
4:30 today in the "Y" rooms above
the Women's Clubhouse. His topic
will be "Necessary Sex Adjustments
in Marriage." Peggy Perring, chair
man of the group, announced that
the meeting is open only to women.
Dr. Charles Shepard, director of
the Stanford Health Service, will
speak at the last meeting of the
quarter to the Marriage in the Home
class sponsored by the Y.W.C.A. at
4:30 today in the "Y" rooms above
the Women's Clubhouse. His topic
will be "Necessary Sex Adjustments
in Marriage." Peggy Perring, chair
man of the group, announced that
the meeting is open only to women.
Dr. Charles Shepard, director of
the Stanford Health Service, will
speak at the last meeting of the
quarter to the Marriage in the Home
class sponsored by the Y.W.C.A. at
4:30 today in the "Y" rooms above
the Women's Clubhouse. His topic
will be "Necessary Sex Adjustments
in Marriage." Peggy Perring, chair
man of the group, announced that
the meeting is open only to women.
Dr. Charles Shepard, director of
the Stanford Health Service, will
speak at the last meeting of the
quarter to the Marriage in the Home
class sponsored by the Y.W.C.A. at
4:30 today in the "Y" rooms above
the Women's Clubhouse. His topic
will be "Necessary Sex Adjustments
in Marriage." Peggy Perring, chair
man of the group, announced that
the meeting is open only to women.
