# In the Swing
## 
### 

STRAWBERRY PRINT in a
high-necked silk jersey
dirndl puts Moofie Faris in
the spring swing. — Ranso
hoff's.

STRAWBERRY PRINT in a
high-necked silk jersey
dirndl puts Moofie Faris in
the spring swing. — Ranso
hoff's.

STRAWBERRY PRINT in a
high-necked silk jersey
dirndl puts Moofie Faris in
the spring swing. — Ranso
hoff's.

STRAWBERRY PRINT in a
high-necked silk jersey
dirndl puts Moofie Faris in
the spring swing. — Ranso
hoff's.

STRAWBERRY PRINT in a
high-necked silk jersey
dirndl puts Moofie Faris in
the spring swing. — Ranso
hoff's.

STRAWBERRY PRINT in a
high-necked silk jersey
dirndl puts Moofie Faris in
the spring swing. — Ranso
hoff's.

STRAWBERRY PRINT in a
high-necked silk jersey
dirndl puts Moofie Faris in
the spring swing. — Ranso
hoff's.

STRAWBERRY PRINT in a
high-necked silk jersey
dirndl puts Moofie Faris in
the spring swing. — Ranso
hoff's.

STRAWBERRY PRINT in a
high-necked silk jersey
dirndl puts Moofie Faris in
the spring swing. — Ranso
hoff's.

STRAWBERRY PRINT in a
high-necked silk jersey
dirndl puts Moofie Faris in
the spring swing. — Ranso
hoff's.

STRAWBERRY PRINT in a
high-necked silk jersey
dirndl puts Moofie Faris in
the spring swing. — Ranso
hoff's.

STRAWBERRY PRINT in a
high-necked silk jersey
dirndl puts Moofie Faris in
the spring swing. — Ranso
hoff's.

STRAWBERRY PRINT in a
high-necked silk jersey
dirndl puts Moofie Faris in
the spring swing. — Ranso
hoff's.

STRAWBERRY PRINT in a
high-necked silk jersey
dirndl puts Moofie Faris in
the spring swing. — Ranso
hoff's.

STRAWBERRY PRINT in a
high-necked silk jersey
dirndl puts Moofie Faris in
the spring swing. — Ranso
hoff's.

STRAWBERRY PRINT in a
high-necked silk jersey
dirndl puts Moofie Faris in
the spring swing. — Ranso
hoff's.

STRAWBERRY PRINT in a
high-necked silk jersey
dirndl puts Moofie Faris in
the spring swing. — Ranso
hoff's.

STRAWBERRY PRINT in a
high-necked silk jersey
dirndl puts Moofie Faris in
the spring swing. — Ranso
hoff's.
