# Student Meeting Planned at Mills
## 
### 
Students from nearly 50 western
colleges have been invited to at
tend the National Student Federa
tion regional conference which
Stanford is sponsoring together with
California and Mills at Mills this
Friday, Saturday, and Sunday.
Attending from here will be Vir
ginia Dean and Ann Bossingcr, heads
of the campus U. 5.0.; Harry Mor
gan, chairman of servicc informa
tion; Stan Owen, head of the Office
of Civilian Defense; George Jack
son, A.S.S.U. president; and .Ralph
ShafTarziek, publicity chairman for
the meeting.
Delegates will meet to hear speak
ers and exchange ideas on the part
to be played by college students in
the national defense program, and
how college life can and must be
adapted to changed conditions. Simi
lar conferences arc being held in
other sections of the country.
Students from nearly 50 western
colleges have been invited to at
tend the National Student Federa
tion regional conference which
Stanford is sponsoring together with
California and Mills at Mills this
Friday, Saturday, and Sunday.
Attending from here will be Vir
ginia Dean and Ann Bossingcr, heads
of the campus U. 5.0.; Harry Mor
gan, chairman of servicc informa
tion; Stan Owen, head of the Office
of Civilian Defense; George Jack
son, A.S.S.U. president; and .Ralph
ShafTarziek, publicity chairman for
the meeting.
Delegates will meet to hear speak
ers and exchange ideas on the part
to be played by college students in
the national defense program, and
how college life can and must be
adapted to changed conditions. Simi
lar conferences arc being held in
other sections of the country.
Students from nearly 50 western
colleges have been invited to at
tend the National Student Federa
tion regional conference which
Stanford is sponsoring together with
California and Mills at Mills this
Friday, Saturday, and Sunday.
Attending from here will be Vir
ginia Dean and Ann Bossingcr, heads
of the campus U. 5.0.; Harry Mor
gan, chairman of servicc informa
tion; Stan Owen, head of the Office
of Civilian Defense; George Jack
son, A.S.S.U. president; and .Ralph
ShafTarziek, publicity chairman for
the meeting.
Delegates will meet to hear speak
ers and exchange ideas on the part
to be played by college students in
the national defense program, and
how college life can and must be
adapted to changed conditions. Simi
lar conferences arc being held in
other sections of the country.
Students from nearly 50 western
colleges have been invited to at
tend the National Student Federa
tion regional conference which
Stanford is sponsoring together with
California and Mills at Mills this
Friday, Saturday, and Sunday.
Attending from here will be Vir
ginia Dean and Ann Bossingcr, heads
of the campus U. 5.0.; Harry Mor
gan, chairman of servicc informa
tion; Stan Owen, head of the Office
of Civilian Defense; George Jack
son, A.S.S.U. president; and .Ralph
ShafTarziek, publicity chairman for
the meeting.
Delegates will meet to hear speak
ers and exchange ideas on the part
to be played by college students in
the national defense program, and
how college life can and must be
adapted to changed conditions. Simi
lar conferences arc being held in
other sections of the country.
Students from nearly 50 western
colleges have been invited to at
tend the National Student Federa
tion regional conference which
Stanford is sponsoring together with
California and Mills at Mills this
Friday, Saturday, and Sunday.
Attending from here will be Vir
ginia Dean and Ann Bossingcr, heads
of the campus U. 5.0.; Harry Mor
gan, chairman of servicc informa
tion; Stan Owen, head of the Office
of Civilian Defense; George Jack
son, A.S.S.U. president; and .Ralph
ShafTarziek, publicity chairman for
the meeting.
Delegates will meet to hear speak
ers and exchange ideas on the part
to be played by college students in
the national defense program, and
how college life can and must be
adapted to changed conditions. Simi
lar conferences arc being held in
other sections of the country.
Students from nearly 50 western
colleges have been invited to at
tend the National Student Federa
tion regional conference which
Stanford is sponsoring together with
California and Mills at Mills this
Friday, Saturday, and Sunday.
Attending from here will be Vir
ginia Dean and Ann Bossingcr, heads
of the campus U. 5.0.; Harry Mor
gan, chairman of servicc informa
tion; Stan Owen, head of the Office
of Civilian Defense; George Jack
son, A.S.S.U. president; and .Ralph
ShafTarziek, publicity chairman for
the meeting.
Delegates will meet to hear speak
ers and exchange ideas on the part
to be played by college students in
the national defense program, and
how college life can and must be
adapted to changed conditions. Simi
lar conferences arc being held in
other sections of the country.
Students from nearly 50 western
colleges have been invited to at
tend the National Student Federa
tion regional conference which
Stanford is sponsoring together with
California and Mills at Mills this
Friday, Saturday, and Sunday.
Attending from here will be Vir
ginia Dean and Ann Bossingcr, heads
of the campus U. 5.0.; Harry Mor
gan, chairman of servicc informa
tion; Stan Owen, head of the Office
of Civilian Defense; George Jack
son, A.S.S.U. president; and .Ralph
ShafTarziek, publicity chairman for
the meeting.
Delegates will meet to hear speak
ers and exchange ideas on the part
to be played by college students in
the national defense program, and
how college life can and must be
adapted to changed conditions. Simi
lar conferences arc being held in
other sections of the country.
Students from nearly 50 western
colleges have been invited to at
tend the National Student Federa
tion regional conference which
Stanford is sponsoring together with
California and Mills at Mills this
Friday, Saturday, and Sunday.
Attending from here will be Vir
ginia Dean and Ann Bossingcr, heads
of the campus U. 5.0.; Harry Mor
gan, chairman of servicc informa
tion; Stan Owen, head of the Office
of Civilian Defense; George Jack
son, A.S.S.U. president; and .Ralph
ShafTarziek, publicity chairman for
the meeting.
Delegates will meet to hear speak
ers and exchange ideas on the part
to be played by college students in
the national defense program, and
how college life can and must be
adapted to changed conditions. Simi
lar conferences arc being held in
other sections of the country.
Students from nearly 50 western
colleges have been invited to at
tend the National Student Federa
tion regional conference which
Stanford is sponsoring together with
California and Mills at Mills this
Friday, Saturday, and Sunday.
Attending from here will be Vir
ginia Dean and Ann Bossingcr, heads
of the campus U. 5.0.; Harry Mor
gan, chairman of servicc informa
tion; Stan Owen, head of the Office
of Civilian Defense; George Jack
son, A.S.S.U. president; and .Ralph
ShafTarziek, publicity chairman for
the meeting.
Delegates will meet to hear speak
ers and exchange ideas on the part
to be played by college students in
the national defense program, and
how college life can and must be
adapted to changed conditions. Simi
lar conferences arc being held in
other sections of the country.
Students from nearly 50 western
colleges have been invited to at
tend the National Student Federa
tion regional conference which
Stanford is sponsoring together with
California and Mills at Mills this
Friday, Saturday, and Sunday.
Attending from here will be Vir
ginia Dean and Ann Bossingcr, heads
of the campus U. 5.0.; Harry Mor
gan, chairman of servicc informa
tion; Stan Owen, head of the Office
of Civilian Defense; George Jack
son, A.S.S.U. president; and .Ralph
ShafTarziek, publicity chairman for
the meeting.
Delegates will meet to hear speak
ers and exchange ideas on the part
to be played by college students in
the national defense program, and
how college life can and must be
adapted to changed conditions. Simi
lar conferences arc being held in
other sections of the country.
Students from nearly 50 western
colleges have been invited to at
tend the National Student Federa
tion regional conference which
Stanford is sponsoring together with
California and Mills at Mills this
Friday, Saturday, and Sunday.
Attending from here will be Vir
ginia Dean and Ann Bossingcr, heads
of the campus U. 5.0.; Harry Mor
gan, chairman of servicc informa
tion; Stan Owen, head of the Office
of Civilian Defense; George Jack
son, A.S.S.U. president; and .Ralph
ShafTarziek, publicity chairman for
the meeting.
Delegates will meet to hear speak
ers and exchange ideas on the part
to be played by college students in
the national defense program, and
how college life can and must be
adapted to changed conditions. Simi
lar conferences arc being held in
other sections of the country.
Students from nearly 50 western
colleges have been invited to at
tend the National Student Federa
tion regional conference which
Stanford is sponsoring together with
California and Mills at Mills this
Friday, Saturday, and Sunday.
Attending from here will be Vir
ginia Dean and Ann Bossingcr, heads
of the campus U. 5.0.; Harry Mor
gan, chairman of servicc informa
tion; Stan Owen, head of the Office
of Civilian Defense; George Jack
son, A.S.S.U. president; and .Ralph
ShafTarziek, publicity chairman for
the meeting.
Delegates will meet to hear speak
ers and exchange ideas on the part
to be played by college students in
the national defense program, and
how college life can and must be
adapted to changed conditions. Simi
lar conferences arc being held in
other sections of the country.
Students from nearly 50 western
colleges have been invited to at
tend the National Student Federa
tion regional conference which
Stanford is sponsoring together with
California and Mills at Mills this
Friday, Saturday, and Sunday.
Attending from here will be Vir
ginia Dean and Ann Bossingcr, heads
of the campus U. 5.0.; Harry Mor
gan, chairman of servicc informa
tion; Stan Owen, head of the Office
of Civilian Defense; George Jack
son, A.S.S.U. president; and .Ralph
ShafTarziek, publicity chairman for
the meeting.
Delegates will meet to hear speak
ers and exchange ideas on the part
to be played by college students in
the national defense program, and
how college life can and must be
adapted to changed conditions. Simi
lar conferences arc being held in
other sections of the country.
Students from nearly 50 western
colleges have been invited to at
tend the National Student Federa
tion regional conference which
Stanford is sponsoring together with
California and Mills at Mills this
Friday, Saturday, and Sunday.
Attending from here will be Vir
ginia Dean and Ann Bossingcr, heads
of the campus U. 5.0.; Harry Mor
gan, chairman of servicc informa
tion; Stan Owen, head of the Office
of Civilian Defense; George Jack
son, A.S.S.U. president; and .Ralph
ShafTarziek, publicity chairman for
the meeting.
Delegates will meet to hear speak
ers and exchange ideas on the part
to be played by college students in
the national defense program, and
how college life can and must be
adapted to changed conditions. Simi
lar conferences arc being held in
other sections of the country.
Students from nearly 50 western
colleges have been invited to at
tend the National Student Federa
tion regional conference which
Stanford is sponsoring together with
California and Mills at Mills this
Friday, Saturday, and Sunday.
Attending from here will be Vir
ginia Dean and Ann Bossingcr, heads
of the campus U. 5.0.; Harry Mor
gan, chairman of servicc informa
tion; Stan Owen, head of the Office
of Civilian Defense; George Jack
son, A.S.S.U. president; and .Ralph
ShafTarziek, publicity chairman for
the meeting.
Delegates will meet to hear speak
ers and exchange ideas on the part
to be played by college students in
the national defense program, and
how college life can and must be
adapted to changed conditions. Simi
lar conferences arc being held in
other sections of the country.
Students from nearly 50 western
colleges have been invited to at
tend the National Student Federa
tion regional conference which
Stanford is sponsoring together with
California and Mills at Mills this
Friday, Saturday, and Sunday.
Attending from here will be Vir
ginia Dean and Ann Bossingcr, heads
of the campus U. 5.0.; Harry Mor
gan, chairman of servicc informa
tion; Stan Owen, head of the Office
of Civilian Defense; George Jack
son, A.S.S.U. president; and .Ralph
ShafTarziek, publicity chairman for
the meeting.
Delegates will meet to hear speak
ers and exchange ideas on the part
to be played by college students in
the national defense program, and
how college life can and must be
adapted to changed conditions. Simi
lar conferences arc being held in
other sections of the country.
Students from nearly 50 western
colleges have been invited to at
tend the National Student Federa
tion regional conference which
Stanford is sponsoring together with
California and Mills at Mills this
Friday, Saturday, and Sunday.
Attending from here will be Vir
ginia Dean and Ann Bossingcr, heads
of the campus U. 5.0.; Harry Mor
gan, chairman of servicc informa
tion; Stan Owen, head of the Office
of Civilian Defense; George Jack
son, A.S.S.U. president; and .Ralph
ShafTarziek, publicity chairman for
the meeting.
Delegates will meet to hear speak
ers and exchange ideas on the part
to be played by college students in
the national defense program, and
how college life can and must be
adapted to changed conditions. Simi
lar conferences arc being held in
other sections of the country.
Students from nearly 50 western
colleges have been invited to at
tend the National Student Federa
tion regional conference which
Stanford is sponsoring together with
California and Mills at Mills this
Friday, Saturday, and Sunday.
Attending from here will be Vir
ginia Dean and Ann Bossingcr, heads
of the campus U. 5.0.; Harry Mor
gan, chairman of servicc informa
tion; Stan Owen, head of the Office
of Civilian Defense; George Jack
son, A.S.S.U. president; and .Ralph
ShafTarziek, publicity chairman for
the meeting.
Delegates will meet to hear speak
ers and exchange ideas on the part
to be played by college students in
the national defense program, and
how college life can and must be
adapted to changed conditions. Simi
lar conferences arc being held in
other sections of the country.
