# Stanford Netmen Prep for Match
## 
### 
Stanford's varsity netmen toiled
under dark skies yesterday, tuning
up their strokes for their weekend
match with the powerful California
Club. The big surprise of the sea
son so far was the amazing return
to form shown by Larry Dee, in re
turning to the courts and trouncing
the talented Ted Schroeder. Dee has
been bothered by injuries and has
n't been on the courts more than a
few times this season.
The Indians have ten men who can
fill in the six singles spots, and all
of them are improving. Following
Schroeder and Dee, the Indians have
Emery Neale, Jimmy Wade, Chuck
Hutchison, Paul Wilson, Tom Kru
ger, Andy Roberts, Ben Olson, Chuck
Hopper, and Harper Ink. Hopper has
shown particular improvement, and
if he continues, he may move into
the number six .singles spot.
The Card's are equally strong in
the doubles, boasting the former in
tercollegiate championship doubles
team of Jimmv Wade and Larry Dee.
Stanford's varsity netmen toiled
under dark skies yesterday, tuning
up their strokes for their weekend
match with the powerful California
Club. The big surprise of the sea
son so far was the amazing return
to form shown by Larry Dee, in re
turning to the courts and trouncing
the talented Ted Schroeder. Dee has
been bothered by injuries and has
n't been on the courts more than a
few times this season.
The Indians have ten men who can
fill in the six singles spots, and all
of them are improving. Following
Schroeder and Dee, the Indians have
Emery Neale, Jimmy Wade, Chuck
Hutchison, Paul Wilson, Tom Kru
ger, Andy Roberts, Ben Olson, Chuck
Hopper, and Harper Ink. Hopper has
shown particular improvement, and
if he continues, he may move into
the number six .singles spot.
The Card's are equally strong in
the doubles, boasting the former in
tercollegiate championship doubles
team of Jimmv Wade and Larry Dee.
Stanford's varsity netmen toiled
under dark skies yesterday, tuning
up their strokes for their weekend
match with the powerful California
Club. The big surprise of the sea
son so far was the amazing return
to form shown by Larry Dee, in re
turning to the courts and trouncing
the talented Ted Schroeder. Dee has
been bothered by injuries and has
n't been on the courts more than a
few times this season.
The Indians have ten men who can
fill in the six singles spots, and all
of them are improving. Following
Schroeder and Dee, the Indians have
Emery Neale, Jimmy Wade, Chuck
Hutchison, Paul Wilson, Tom Kru
ger, Andy Roberts, Ben Olson, Chuck
Hopper, and Harper Ink. Hopper has
shown particular improvement, and
if he continues, he may move into
the number six .singles spot.
The Card's are equally strong in
the doubles, boasting the former in
tercollegiate championship doubles
team of Jimmv Wade and Larry Dee.
Stanford's varsity netmen toiled
under dark skies yesterday, tuning
up their strokes for their weekend
match with the powerful California
Club. The big surprise of the sea
son so far was the amazing return
to form shown by Larry Dee, in re
turning to the courts and trouncing
the talented Ted Schroeder. Dee has
been bothered by injuries and has
n't been on the courts more than a
few times this season.
The Indians have ten men who can
fill in the six singles spots, and all
of them are improving. Following
Schroeder and Dee, the Indians have
Emery Neale, Jimmy Wade, Chuck
Hutchison, Paul Wilson, Tom Kru
ger, Andy Roberts, Ben Olson, Chuck
Hopper, and Harper Ink. Hopper has
shown particular improvement, and
if he continues, he may move into
the number six .singles spot.
The Card's are equally strong in
the doubles, boasting the former in
tercollegiate championship doubles
team of Jimmv Wade and Larry Dee.
Stanford's varsity netmen toiled
under dark skies yesterday, tuning
up their strokes for their weekend
match with the powerful California
Club. The big surprise of the sea
son so far was the amazing return
to form shown by Larry Dee, in re
turning to the courts and trouncing
the talented Ted Schroeder. Dee has
been bothered by injuries and has
n't been on the courts more than a
few times this season.
The Indians have ten men who can
fill in the six singles spots, and all
of them are improving. Following
Schroeder and Dee, the Indians have
Emery Neale, Jimmy Wade, Chuck
Hutchison, Paul Wilson, Tom Kru
ger, Andy Roberts, Ben Olson, Chuck
Hopper, and Harper Ink. Hopper has
shown particular improvement, and
if he continues, he may move into
the number six .singles spot.
The Card's are equally strong in
the doubles, boasting the former in
tercollegiate championship doubles
team of Jimmv Wade and Larry Dee.
Stanford's varsity netmen toiled
under dark skies yesterday, tuning
up their strokes for their weekend
match with the powerful California
Club. The big surprise of the sea
son so far was the amazing return
to form shown by Larry Dee, in re
turning to the courts and trouncing
the talented Ted Schroeder. Dee has
been bothered by injuries and has
n't been on the courts more than a
few times this season.
The Indians have ten men who can
fill in the six singles spots, and all
of them are improving. Following
Schroeder and Dee, the Indians have
Emery Neale, Jimmy Wade, Chuck
Hutchison, Paul Wilson, Tom Kru
ger, Andy Roberts, Ben Olson, Chuck
Hopper, and Harper Ink. Hopper has
shown particular improvement, and
if he continues, he may move into
the number six .singles spot.
The Card's are equally strong in
the doubles, boasting the former in
tercollegiate championship doubles
team of Jimmv Wade and Larry Dee.
Stanford's varsity netmen toiled
under dark skies yesterday, tuning
up their strokes for their weekend
match with the powerful California
Club. The big surprise of the sea
son so far was the amazing return
to form shown by Larry Dee, in re
turning to the courts and trouncing
the talented Ted Schroeder. Dee has
been bothered by injuries and has
n't been on the courts more than a
few times this season.
The Indians have ten men who can
fill in the six singles spots, and all
of them are improving. Following
Schroeder and Dee, the Indians have
Emery Neale, Jimmy Wade, Chuck
Hutchison, Paul Wilson, Tom Kru
ger, Andy Roberts, Ben Olson, Chuck
Hopper, and Harper Ink. Hopper has
shown particular improvement, and
if he continues, he may move into
the number six .singles spot.
The Card's are equally strong in
the doubles, boasting the former in
tercollegiate championship doubles
team of Jimmv Wade and Larry Dee.
Stanford's varsity netmen toiled
under dark skies yesterday, tuning
up their strokes for their weekend
match with the powerful California
Club. The big surprise of the sea
son so far was the amazing return
to form shown by Larry Dee, in re
turning to the courts and trouncing
the talented Ted Schroeder. Dee has
been bothered by injuries and has
n't been on the courts more than a
few times this season.
The Indians have ten men who can
fill in the six singles spots, and all
of them are improving. Following
Schroeder and Dee, the Indians have
Emery Neale, Jimmy Wade, Chuck
Hutchison, Paul Wilson, Tom Kru
ger, Andy Roberts, Ben Olson, Chuck
Hopper, and Harper Ink. Hopper has
shown particular improvement, and
if he continues, he may move into
the number six .singles spot.
The Card's are equally strong in
the doubles, boasting the former in
tercollegiate championship doubles
team of Jimmv Wade and Larry Dee.
Stanford's varsity netmen toiled
under dark skies yesterday, tuning
up their strokes for their weekend
match with the powerful California
Club. The big surprise of the sea
son so far was the amazing return
to form shown by Larry Dee, in re
turning to the courts and trouncing
the talented Ted Schroeder. Dee has
been bothered by injuries and has
n't been on the courts more than a
few times this season.
The Indians have ten men who can
fill in the six singles spots, and all
of them are improving. Following
Schroeder and Dee, the Indians have
Emery Neale, Jimmy Wade, Chuck
Hutchison, Paul Wilson, Tom Kru
ger, Andy Roberts, Ben Olson, Chuck
Hopper, and Harper Ink. Hopper has
shown particular improvement, and
if he continues, he may move into
the number six .singles spot.
The Card's are equally strong in
the doubles, boasting the former in
tercollegiate championship doubles
team of Jimmv Wade and Larry Dee.
Stanford's varsity netmen toiled
under dark skies yesterday, tuning
up their strokes for their weekend
match with the powerful California
Club. The big surprise of the sea
son so far was the amazing return
to form shown by Larry Dee, in re
turning to the courts and trouncing
the talented Ted Schroeder. Dee has
been bothered by injuries and has
n't been on the courts more than a
few times this season.
The Indians have ten men who can
fill in the six singles spots, and all
of them are improving. Following
Schroeder and Dee, the Indians have
Emery Neale, Jimmy Wade, Chuck
Hutchison, Paul Wilson, Tom Kru
ger, Andy Roberts, Ben Olson, Chuck
Hopper, and Harper Ink. Hopper has
shown particular improvement, and
if he continues, he may move into
the number six .singles spot.
The Card's are equally strong in
the doubles, boasting the former in
tercollegiate championship doubles
team of Jimmv Wade and Larry Dee.
Stanford's varsity netmen toiled
under dark skies yesterday, tuning
up their strokes for their weekend
match with the powerful California
Club. The big surprise of the sea
son so far was the amazing return
to form shown by Larry Dee, in re
turning to the courts and trouncing
the talented Ted Schroeder. Dee has
been bothered by injuries and has
n't been on the courts more than a
few times this season.
The Indians have ten men who can
fill in the six singles spots, and all
of them are improving. Following
Schroeder and Dee, the Indians have
Emery Neale, Jimmy Wade, Chuck
Hutchison, Paul Wilson, Tom Kru
ger, Andy Roberts, Ben Olson, Chuck
Hopper, and Harper Ink. Hopper has
shown particular improvement, and
if he continues, he may move into
the number six .singles spot.
The Card's are equally strong in
the doubles, boasting the former in
tercollegiate championship doubles
team of Jimmv Wade and Larry Dee.
Stanford's varsity netmen toiled
under dark skies yesterday, tuning
up their strokes for their weekend
match with the powerful California
Club. The big surprise of the sea
son so far was the amazing return
to form shown by Larry Dee, in re
turning to the courts and trouncing
the talented Ted Schroeder. Dee has
been bothered by injuries and has
n't been on the courts more than a
few times this season.
The Indians have ten men who can
fill in the six singles spots, and all
of them are improving. Following
Schroeder and Dee, the Indians have
Emery Neale, Jimmy Wade, Chuck
Hutchison, Paul Wilson, Tom Kru
ger, Andy Roberts, Ben Olson, Chuck
Hopper, and Harper Ink. Hopper has
shown particular improvement, and
if he continues, he may move into
the number six .singles spot.
The Card's are equally strong in
the doubles, boasting the former in
tercollegiate championship doubles
team of Jimmv Wade and Larry Dee.
Stanford's varsity netmen toiled
under dark skies yesterday, tuning
up their strokes for their weekend
match with the powerful California
Club. The big surprise of the sea
son so far was the amazing return
to form shown by Larry Dee, in re
turning to the courts and trouncing
the talented Ted Schroeder. Dee has
been bothered by injuries and has
n't been on the courts more than a
few times this season.
The Indians have ten men who can
fill in the six singles spots, and all
of them are improving. Following
Schroeder and Dee, the Indians have
Emery Neale, Jimmy Wade, Chuck
Hutchison, Paul Wilson, Tom Kru
ger, Andy Roberts, Ben Olson, Chuck
Hopper, and Harper Ink. Hopper has
shown particular improvement, and
if he continues, he may move into
the number six .singles spot.
The Card's are equally strong in
the doubles, boasting the former in
tercollegiate championship doubles
team of Jimmv Wade and Larry Dee.
Stanford's varsity netmen toiled
under dark skies yesterday, tuning
up their strokes for their weekend
match with the powerful California
Club. The big surprise of the sea
son so far was the amazing return
to form shown by Larry Dee, in re
turning to the courts and trouncing
the talented Ted Schroeder. Dee has
been bothered by injuries and has
n't been on the courts more than a
few times this season.
The Indians have ten men who can
fill in the six singles spots, and all
of them are improving. Following
Schroeder and Dee, the Indians have
Emery Neale, Jimmy Wade, Chuck
Hutchison, Paul Wilson, Tom Kru
ger, Andy Roberts, Ben Olson, Chuck
Hopper, and Harper Ink. Hopper has
shown particular improvement, and
if he continues, he may move into
the number six .singles spot.
The Card's are equally strong in
the doubles, boasting the former in
tercollegiate championship doubles
team of Jimmv Wade and Larry Dee.
Stanford's varsity netmen toiled
under dark skies yesterday, tuning
up their strokes for their weekend
match with the powerful California
Club. The big surprise of the sea
son so far was the amazing return
to form shown by Larry Dee, in re
turning to the courts and trouncing
the talented Ted Schroeder. Dee has
been bothered by injuries and has
n't been on the courts more than a
few times this season.
The Indians have ten men who can
fill in the six singles spots, and all
of them are improving. Following
Schroeder and Dee, the Indians have
Emery Neale, Jimmy Wade, Chuck
Hutchison, Paul Wilson, Tom Kru
ger, Andy Roberts, Ben Olson, Chuck
Hopper, and Harper Ink. Hopper has
shown particular improvement, and
if he continues, he may move into
the number six .singles spot.
The Card's are equally strong in
the doubles, boasting the former in
tercollegiate championship doubles
team of Jimmv Wade and Larry Dee.
Stanford's varsity netmen toiled
under dark skies yesterday, tuning
up their strokes for their weekend
match with the powerful California
Club. The big surprise of the sea
son so far was the amazing return
to form shown by Larry Dee, in re
turning to the courts and trouncing
the talented Ted Schroeder. Dee has
been bothered by injuries and has
n't been on the courts more than a
few times this season.
The Indians have ten men who can
fill in the six singles spots, and all
of them are improving. Following
Schroeder and Dee, the Indians have
Emery Neale, Jimmy Wade, Chuck
Hutchison, Paul Wilson, Tom Kru
ger, Andy Roberts, Ben Olson, Chuck
Hopper, and Harper Ink. Hopper has
shown particular improvement, and
if he continues, he may move into
the number six .singles spot.
The Card's are equally strong in
the doubles, boasting the former in
tercollegiate championship doubles
team of Jimmv Wade and Larry Dee.
Stanford's varsity netmen toiled
under dark skies yesterday, tuning
up their strokes for their weekend
match with the powerful California
Club. The big surprise of the sea
son so far was the amazing return
to form shown by Larry Dee, in re
turning to the courts and trouncing
the talented Ted Schroeder. Dee has
been bothered by injuries and has
n't been on the courts more than a
few times this season.
The Indians have ten men who can
fill in the six singles spots, and all
of them are improving. Following
Schroeder and Dee, the Indians have
Emery Neale, Jimmy Wade, Chuck
Hutchison, Paul Wilson, Tom Kru
ger, Andy Roberts, Ben Olson, Chuck
Hopper, and Harper Ink. Hopper has
shown particular improvement, and
if he continues, he may move into
the number six .singles spot.
The Card's are equally strong in
the doubles, boasting the former in
tercollegiate championship doubles
team of Jimmv Wade and Larry Dee.
Stanford's varsity netmen toiled
under dark skies yesterday, tuning
up their strokes for their weekend
match with the powerful California
Club. The big surprise of the sea
son so far was the amazing return
to form shown by Larry Dee, in re
turning to the courts and trouncing
the talented Ted Schroeder. Dee has
been bothered by injuries and has
n't been on the courts more than a
few times this season.
The Indians have ten men who can
fill in the six singles spots, and all
of them are improving. Following
Schroeder and Dee, the Indians have
Emery Neale, Jimmy Wade, Chuck
Hutchison, Paul Wilson, Tom Kru
ger, Andy Roberts, Ben Olson, Chuck
Hopper, and Harper Ink. Hopper has
shown particular improvement, and
if he continues, he may move into
the number six .singles spot.
The Card's are equally strong in
the doubles, boasting the former in
tercollegiate championship doubles
team of Jimmv Wade and Larry Dee.
