# Varsity Nine Plays Gaels For Opener
## 
### 
Traveling to Morula Valley, Stan
ford's varsity baseball tcain starts
ils C.1.8.A. campaign with the high
ly favored St. Mary's Phoenix today
at 2:110. Coach Harry Wolter has
named Harry Dyck to start at pitch
er for the Indians.
St. Mary's lost its first league I
game last Saturday to California, '
8-0. Charlie Mori is expected to be j
on the mound for the Earl Sheeley |
coached team, with Fitzgerald, a I
tall left-hander with a slow curve, j
ready to go in should the going get |
tough.
Sunday, behind the eight - hit j
pitching of footballer Tony Cum- 1
pagno, the Phoenix easily won a |
\\2-G tilt over the San Francisco
Semi-Pro All-Stars.
Ward Walkup will be in his usual
position behind the plate with Ray '
Hammett at first base; Leland Scott,
second base; Ted Nell, third base, (
and Clark Graham, short stop. Ed j
Washburn, Carl Kellenberger, and
Harry Parsons will play in the out
field. The traveling squad will con
sist of 24 players.
Pay Guisti is St. Mary's big power :
at the plate, collecting five hits out J
of nine chances in the last two i
{•utiles. lie is closely followed by :
Pay Hemineson, Val Quintana, and
Al Stringer.
r J he frosh take on San Mateo J.C.,
their big rival second only to the
Cal frosh, today at o p.m. on the I
frosh diamond. Harry Elliot will :
move over from his shortstop posi- ;
tion to relieve the ailing Jerry Poi
nestad at third base. Jim Boswell i
will play at short. Harry Mason !
will start at pitcher, and Sandy |
Banks will be behind the plate.
Traveling to Morula Valley, Stan
ford's varsity baseball tcain starts
ils C.1.8.A. campaign with the high
ly favored St. Mary's Phoenix today
at 2:110. Coach Harry Wolter has
named Harry Dyck to start at pitch
er for the Indians.
St. Mary's lost its first league I
game last Saturday to California, '
8-0. Charlie Mori is expected to be j
on the mound for the Earl Sheeley |
coached team, with Fitzgerald, a I
tall left-hander with a slow curve, j
ready to go in should the going get |
tough.
Sunday, behind the eight - hit j
pitching of footballer Tony Cum- 1
pagno, the Phoenix easily won a |
\\2-G tilt over the San Francisco
Semi-Pro All-Stars.
Ward Walkup will be in his usual
position behind the plate with Ray '
Hammett at first base; Leland Scott,
second base; Ted Nell, third base, (
and Clark Graham, short stop. Ed j
Washburn, Carl Kellenberger, and
Harry Parsons will play in the out
field. The traveling squad will con
sist of 24 players.
Pay Guisti is St. Mary's big power :
at the plate, collecting five hits out J
of nine chances in the last two i
{•utiles. lie is closely followed by :
Pay Hemineson, Val Quintana, and
Al Stringer.
r J he frosh take on San Mateo J.C.,
their big rival second only to the
Cal frosh, today at o p.m. on the I
frosh diamond. Harry Elliot will :
move over from his shortstop posi- ;
tion to relieve the ailing Jerry Poi
nestad at third base. Jim Boswell i
will play at short. Harry Mason !
will start at pitcher, and Sandy |
Banks will be behind the plate.
Traveling to Morula Valley, Stan
ford's varsity baseball tcain starts
ils C.1.8.A. campaign with the high
ly favored St. Mary's Phoenix today
at 2:110. Coach Harry Wolter has
named Harry Dyck to start at pitch
er for the Indians.
St. Mary's lost its first league I
game last Saturday to California, '
8-0. Charlie Mori is expected to be j
on the mound for the Earl Sheeley |
coached team, with Fitzgerald, a I
tall left-hander with a slow curve, j
ready to go in should the going get |
tough.
Sunday, behind the eight - hit j
pitching of footballer Tony Cum- 1
pagno, the Phoenix easily won a |
\\2-G tilt over the San Francisco
Semi-Pro All-Stars.
Ward Walkup will be in his usual
position behind the plate with Ray '
Hammett at first base; Leland Scott,
second base; Ted Nell, third base, (
and Clark Graham, short stop. Ed j
Washburn, Carl Kellenberger, and
Harry Parsons will play in the out
field. The traveling squad will con
sist of 24 players.
Pay Guisti is St. Mary's big power :
at the plate, collecting five hits out J
of nine chances in the last two i
{•utiles. lie is closely followed by :
Pay Hemineson, Val Quintana, and
Al Stringer.
r J he frosh take on San Mateo J.C.,
their big rival second only to the
Cal frosh, today at o p.m. on the I
frosh diamond. Harry Elliot will :
move over from his shortstop posi- ;
tion to relieve the ailing Jerry Poi
nestad at third base. Jim Boswell i
will play at short. Harry Mason !
will start at pitcher, and Sandy |
Banks will be behind the plate.
Traveling to Morula Valley, Stan
ford's varsity baseball tcain starts
ils C.1.8.A. campaign with the high
ly favored St. Mary's Phoenix today
at 2:110. Coach Harry Wolter has
named Harry Dyck to start at pitch
er for the Indians.
St. Mary's lost its first league I
game last Saturday to California, '
8-0. Charlie Mori is expected to be j
on the mound for the Earl Sheeley |
coached team, with Fitzgerald, a I
tall left-hander with a slow curve, j
ready to go in should the going get |
tough.
Sunday, behind the eight - hit j
pitching of footballer Tony Cum- 1
pagno, the Phoenix easily won a |
\\2-G tilt over the San Francisco
Semi-Pro All-Stars.
Ward Walkup will be in his usual
position behind the plate with Ray '
Hammett at first base; Leland Scott,
second base; Ted Nell, third base, (
and Clark Graham, short stop. Ed j
Washburn, Carl Kellenberger, and
Harry Parsons will play in the out
field. The traveling squad will con
sist of 24 players.
Pay Guisti is St. Mary's big power :
at the plate, collecting five hits out J
of nine chances in the last two i
{•utiles. lie is closely followed by :
Pay Hemineson, Val Quintana, and
Al Stringer.
r J he frosh take on San Mateo J.C.,
their big rival second only to the
Cal frosh, today at o p.m. on the I
frosh diamond. Harry Elliot will :
move over from his shortstop posi- ;
tion to relieve the ailing Jerry Poi
nestad at third base. Jim Boswell i
will play at short. Harry Mason !
will start at pitcher, and Sandy |
Banks will be behind the plate.
Traveling to Morula Valley, Stan
ford's varsity baseball tcain starts
ils C.1.8.A. campaign with the high
ly favored St. Mary's Phoenix today
at 2:110. Coach Harry Wolter has
named Harry Dyck to start at pitch
er for the Indians.
St. Mary's lost its first league I
game last Saturday to California, '
8-0. Charlie Mori is expected to be j
on the mound for the Earl Sheeley |
coached team, with Fitzgerald, a I
tall left-hander with a slow curve, j
ready to go in should the going get |
tough.
Sunday, behind the eight - hit j
pitching of footballer Tony Cum- 1
pagno, the Phoenix easily won a |
\\2-G tilt over the San Francisco
Semi-Pro All-Stars.
Ward Walkup will be in his usual
position behind the plate with Ray '
Hammett at first base; Leland Scott,
second base; Ted Nell, third base, (
and Clark Graham, short stop. Ed j
Washburn, Carl Kellenberger, and
Harry Parsons will play in the out
field. The traveling squad will con
sist of 24 players.
Pay Guisti is St. Mary's big power :
at the plate, collecting five hits out J
of nine chances in the last two i
{•utiles. lie is closely followed by :
Pay Hemineson, Val Quintana, and
Al Stringer.
r J he frosh take on San Mateo J.C.,
their big rival second only to the
Cal frosh, today at o p.m. on the I
frosh diamond. Harry Elliot will :
move over from his shortstop posi- ;
tion to relieve the ailing Jerry Poi
nestad at third base. Jim Boswell i
will play at short. Harry Mason !
will start at pitcher, and Sandy |
Banks will be behind the plate.
Traveling to Morula Valley, Stan
ford's varsity baseball tcain starts
ils C.1.8.A. campaign with the high
ly favored St. Mary's Phoenix today
at 2:110. Coach Harry Wolter has
named Harry Dyck to start at pitch
er for the Indians.
St. Mary's lost its first league I
game last Saturday to California, '
8-0. Charlie Mori is expected to be j
on the mound for the Earl Sheeley |
coached team, with Fitzgerald, a I
tall left-hander with a slow curve, j
ready to go in should the going get |
tough.
Sunday, behind the eight - hit j
pitching of footballer Tony Cum- 1
pagno, the Phoenix easily won a |
\\2-G tilt over the San Francisco
Semi-Pro All-Stars.
Ward Walkup will be in his usual
position behind the plate with Ray '
Hammett at first base; Leland Scott,
second base; Ted Nell, third base, (
and Clark Graham, short stop. Ed j
Washburn, Carl Kellenberger, and
Harry Parsons will play in the out
field. The traveling squad will con
sist of 24 players.
Pay Guisti is St. Mary's big power :
at the plate, collecting five hits out J
of nine chances in the last two i
{•utiles. lie is closely followed by :
Pay Hemineson, Val Quintana, and
Al Stringer.
r J he frosh take on San Mateo J.C.,
their big rival second only to the
Cal frosh, today at o p.m. on the I
frosh diamond. Harry Elliot will :
move over from his shortstop posi- ;
tion to relieve the ailing Jerry Poi
nestad at third base. Jim Boswell i
will play at short. Harry Mason !
will start at pitcher, and Sandy |
Banks will be behind the plate.
Traveling to Morula Valley, Stan
ford's varsity baseball tcain starts
ils C.1.8.A. campaign with the high
ly favored St. Mary's Phoenix today
at 2:110. Coach Harry Wolter has
named Harry Dyck to start at pitch
er for the Indians.
St. Mary's lost its first league I
game last Saturday to California, '
8-0. Charlie Mori is expected to be j
on the mound for the Earl Sheeley |
coached team, with Fitzgerald, a I
tall left-hander with a slow curve, j
ready to go in should the going get |
tough.
Sunday, behind the eight - hit j
pitching of footballer Tony Cum- 1
pagno, the Phoenix easily won a |
\\2-G tilt over the San Francisco
Semi-Pro All-Stars.
Ward Walkup will be in his usual
position behind the plate with Ray '
Hammett at first base; Leland Scott,
second base; Ted Nell, third base, (
and Clark Graham, short stop. Ed j
Washburn, Carl Kellenberger, and
Harry Parsons will play in the out
field. The traveling squad will con
sist of 24 players.
Pay Guisti is St. Mary's big power :
at the plate, collecting five hits out J
of nine chances in the last two i
{•utiles. lie is closely followed by :
Pay Hemineson, Val Quintana, and
Al Stringer.
r J he frosh take on San Mateo J.C.,
their big rival second only to the
Cal frosh, today at o p.m. on the I
frosh diamond. Harry Elliot will :
move over from his shortstop posi- ;
tion to relieve the ailing Jerry Poi
nestad at third base. Jim Boswell i
will play at short. Harry Mason !
will start at pitcher, and Sandy |
Banks will be behind the plate.
Traveling to Morula Valley, Stan
ford's varsity baseball tcain starts
ils C.1.8.A. campaign with the high
ly favored St. Mary's Phoenix today
at 2:110. Coach Harry Wolter has
named Harry Dyck to start at pitch
er for the Indians.
St. Mary's lost its first league I
game last Saturday to California, '
8-0. Charlie Mori is expected to be j
on the mound for the Earl Sheeley |
coached team, with Fitzgerald, a I
tall left-hander with a slow curve, j
ready to go in should the going get |
tough.
Sunday, behind the eight - hit j
pitching of footballer Tony Cum- 1
pagno, the Phoenix easily won a |
\\2-G tilt over the San Francisco
Semi-Pro All-Stars.
Ward Walkup will be in his usual
position behind the plate with Ray '
Hammett at first base; Leland Scott,
second base; Ted Nell, third base, (
and Clark Graham, short stop. Ed j
Washburn, Carl Kellenberger, and
Harry Parsons will play in the out
field. The traveling squad will con
sist of 24 players.
Pay Guisti is St. Mary's big power :
at the plate, collecting five hits out J
of nine chances in the last two i
{•utiles. lie is closely followed by :
Pay Hemineson, Val Quintana, and
Al Stringer.
r J he frosh take on San Mateo J.C.,
their big rival second only to the
Cal frosh, today at o p.m. on the I
frosh diamond. Harry Elliot will :
move over from his shortstop posi- ;
tion to relieve the ailing Jerry Poi
nestad at third base. Jim Boswell i
will play at short. Harry Mason !
will start at pitcher, and Sandy |
Banks will be behind the plate.
Traveling to Morula Valley, Stan
ford's varsity baseball tcain starts
ils C.1.8.A. campaign with the high
ly favored St. Mary's Phoenix today
at 2:110. Coach Harry Wolter has
named Harry Dyck to start at pitch
er for the Indians.
St. Mary's lost its first league I
game last Saturday to California, '
8-0. Charlie Mori is expected to be j
on the mound for the Earl Sheeley |
coached team, with Fitzgerald, a I
tall left-hander with a slow curve, j
ready to go in should the going get |
tough.
Sunday, behind the eight - hit j
pitching of footballer Tony Cum- 1
pagno, the Phoenix easily won a |
\\2-G tilt over the San Francisco
Semi-Pro All-Stars.
Ward Walkup will be in his usual
position behind the plate with Ray '
Hammett at first base; Leland Scott,
second base; Ted Nell, third base, (
and Clark Graham, short stop. Ed j
Washburn, Carl Kellenberger, and
Harry Parsons will play in the out
field. The traveling squad will con
sist of 24 players.
Pay Guisti is St. Mary's big power :
at the plate, collecting five hits out J
of nine chances in the last two i
{•utiles. lie is closely followed by :
Pay Hemineson, Val Quintana, and
Al Stringer.
r J he frosh take on San Mateo J.C.,
their big rival second only to the
Cal frosh, today at o p.m. on the I
frosh diamond. Harry Elliot will :
move over from his shortstop posi- ;
tion to relieve the ailing Jerry Poi
nestad at third base. Jim Boswell i
will play at short. Harry Mason !
will start at pitcher, and Sandy |
Banks will be behind the plate.
Traveling to Morula Valley, Stan
ford's varsity baseball tcain starts
ils C.1.8.A. campaign with the high
ly favored St. Mary's Phoenix today
at 2:110. Coach Harry Wolter has
named Harry Dyck to start at pitch
er for the Indians.
St. Mary's lost its first league I
game last Saturday to California, '
8-0. Charlie Mori is expected to be j
on the mound for the Earl Sheeley |
coached team, with Fitzgerald, a I
tall left-hander with a slow curve, j
ready to go in should the going get |
tough.
Sunday, behind the eight - hit j
pitching of footballer Tony Cum- 1
pagno, the Phoenix easily won a |
\\2-G tilt over the San Francisco
Semi-Pro All-Stars.
Ward Walkup will be in his usual
position behind the plate with Ray '
Hammett at first base; Leland Scott,
second base; Ted Nell, third base, (
and Clark Graham, short stop. Ed j
Washburn, Carl Kellenberger, and
Harry Parsons will play in the out
field. The traveling squad will con
sist of 24 players.
Pay Guisti is St. Mary's big power :
at the plate, collecting five hits out J
of nine chances in the last two i
{•utiles. lie is closely followed by :
Pay Hemineson, Val Quintana, and
Al Stringer.
r J he frosh take on San Mateo J.C.,
their big rival second only to the
Cal frosh, today at o p.m. on the I
frosh diamond. Harry Elliot will :
move over from his shortstop posi- ;
tion to relieve the ailing Jerry Poi
nestad at third base. Jim Boswell i
will play at short. Harry Mason !
will start at pitcher, and Sandy |
Banks will be behind the plate.
Traveling to Morula Valley, Stan
ford's varsity baseball tcain starts
ils C.1.8.A. campaign with the high
ly favored St. Mary's Phoenix today
at 2:110. Coach Harry Wolter has
named Harry Dyck to start at pitch
er for the Indians.
St. Mary's lost its first league I
game last Saturday to California, '
8-0. Charlie Mori is expected to be j
on the mound for the Earl Sheeley |
coached team, with Fitzgerald, a I
tall left-hander with a slow curve, j
ready to go in should the going get |
tough.
Sunday, behind the eight - hit j
pitching of footballer Tony Cum- 1
pagno, the Phoenix easily won a |
\\2-G tilt over the San Francisco
Semi-Pro All-Stars.
Ward Walkup will be in his usual
position behind the plate with Ray '
Hammett at first base; Leland Scott,
second base; Ted Nell, third base, (
and Clark Graham, short stop. Ed j
Washburn, Carl Kellenberger, and
Harry Parsons will play in the out
field. The traveling squad will con
sist of 24 players.
Pay Guisti is St. Mary's big power :
at the plate, collecting five hits out J
of nine chances in the last two i
{•utiles. lie is closely followed by :
Pay Hemineson, Val Quintana, and
Al Stringer.
r J he frosh take on San Mateo J.C.,
their big rival second only to the
Cal frosh, today at o p.m. on the I
frosh diamond. Harry Elliot will :
move over from his shortstop posi- ;
tion to relieve the ailing Jerry Poi
nestad at third base. Jim Boswell i
will play at short. Harry Mason !
will start at pitcher, and Sandy |
Banks will be behind the plate.
Traveling to Morula Valley, Stan
ford's varsity baseball tcain starts
ils C.1.8.A. campaign with the high
ly favored St. Mary's Phoenix today
at 2:110. Coach Harry Wolter has
named Harry Dyck to start at pitch
er for the Indians.
St. Mary's lost its first league I
game last Saturday to California, '
8-0. Charlie Mori is expected to be j
on the mound for the Earl Sheeley |
coached team, with Fitzgerald, a I
tall left-hander with a slow curve, j
ready to go in should the going get |
tough.
Sunday, behind the eight - hit j
pitching of footballer Tony Cum- 1
pagno, the Phoenix easily won a |
\\2-G tilt over the San Francisco
Semi-Pro All-Stars.
Ward Walkup will be in his usual
position behind the plate with Ray '
Hammett at first base; Leland Scott,
second base; Ted Nell, third base, (
and Clark Graham, short stop. Ed j
Washburn, Carl Kellenberger, and
Harry Parsons will play in the out
field. The traveling squad will con
sist of 24 players.
Pay Guisti is St. Mary's big power :
at the plate, collecting five hits out J
of nine chances in the last two i
{•utiles. lie is closely followed by :
Pay Hemineson, Val Quintana, and
Al Stringer.
r J he frosh take on San Mateo J.C.,
their big rival second only to the
Cal frosh, today at o p.m. on the I
frosh diamond. Harry Elliot will :
move over from his shortstop posi- ;
tion to relieve the ailing Jerry Poi
nestad at third base. Jim Boswell i
will play at short. Harry Mason !
will start at pitcher, and Sandy |
Banks will be behind the plate.
Traveling to Morula Valley, Stan
ford's varsity baseball tcain starts
ils C.1.8.A. campaign with the high
ly favored St. Mary's Phoenix today
at 2:110. Coach Harry Wolter has
named Harry Dyck to start at pitch
er for the Indians.
St. Mary's lost its first league I
game last Saturday to California, '
8-0. Charlie Mori is expected to be j
on the mound for the Earl Sheeley |
coached team, with Fitzgerald, a I
tall left-hander with a slow curve, j
ready to go in should the going get |
tough.
Sunday, behind the eight - hit j
pitching of footballer Tony Cum- 1
pagno, the Phoenix easily won a |
\\2-G tilt over the San Francisco
Semi-Pro All-Stars.
Ward Walkup will be in his usual
position behind the plate with Ray '
Hammett at first base; Leland Scott,
second base; Ted Nell, third base, (
and Clark Graham, short stop. Ed j
Washburn, Carl Kellenberger, and
Harry Parsons will play in the out
field. The traveling squad will con
sist of 24 players.
Pay Guisti is St. Mary's big power :
at the plate, collecting five hits out J
of nine chances in the last two i
{•utiles. lie is closely followed by :
Pay Hemineson, Val Quintana, and
Al Stringer.
r J he frosh take on San Mateo J.C.,
their big rival second only to the
Cal frosh, today at o p.m. on the I
frosh diamond. Harry Elliot will :
move over from his shortstop posi- ;
tion to relieve the ailing Jerry Poi
nestad at third base. Jim Boswell i
will play at short. Harry Mason !
will start at pitcher, and Sandy |
Banks will be behind the plate.
Traveling to Morula Valley, Stan
ford's varsity baseball tcain starts
ils C.1.8.A. campaign with the high
ly favored St. Mary's Phoenix today
at 2:110. Coach Harry Wolter has
named Harry Dyck to start at pitch
er for the Indians.
St. Mary's lost its first league I
game last Saturday to California, '
8-0. Charlie Mori is expected to be j
on the mound for the Earl Sheeley |
coached team, with Fitzgerald, a I
tall left-hander with a slow curve, j
ready to go in should the going get |
tough.
Sunday, behind the eight - hit j
pitching of footballer Tony Cum- 1
pagno, the Phoenix easily won a |
\\2-G tilt over the San Francisco
Semi-Pro All-Stars.
Ward Walkup will be in his usual
position behind the plate with Ray '
Hammett at first base; Leland Scott,
second base; Ted Nell, third base, (
and Clark Graham, short stop. Ed j
Washburn, Carl Kellenberger, and
Harry Parsons will play in the out
field. The traveling squad will con
sist of 24 players.
Pay Guisti is St. Mary's big power :
at the plate, collecting five hits out J
of nine chances in the last two i
{•utiles. lie is closely followed by :
Pay Hemineson, Val Quintana, and
Al Stringer.
r J he frosh take on San Mateo J.C.,
their big rival second only to the
Cal frosh, today at o p.m. on the I
frosh diamond. Harry Elliot will :
move over from his shortstop posi- ;
tion to relieve the ailing Jerry Poi
nestad at third base. Jim Boswell i
will play at short. Harry Mason !
will start at pitcher, and Sandy |
Banks will be behind the plate.
Traveling to Morula Valley, Stan
ford's varsity baseball tcain starts
ils C.1.8.A. campaign with the high
ly favored St. Mary's Phoenix today
at 2:110. Coach Harry Wolter has
named Harry Dyck to start at pitch
er for the Indians.
St. Mary's lost its first league I
game last Saturday to California, '
8-0. Charlie Mori is expected to be j
on the mound for the Earl Sheeley |
coached team, with Fitzgerald, a I
tall left-hander with a slow curve, j
ready to go in should the going get |
tough.
Sunday, behind the eight - hit j
pitching of footballer Tony Cum- 1
pagno, the Phoenix easily won a |
\\2-G tilt over the San Francisco
Semi-Pro All-Stars.
Ward Walkup will be in his usual
position behind the plate with Ray '
Hammett at first base; Leland Scott,
second base; Ted Nell, third base, (
and Clark Graham, short stop. Ed j
Washburn, Carl Kellenberger, and
Harry Parsons will play in the out
field. The traveling squad will con
sist of 24 players.
Pay Guisti is St. Mary's big power :
at the plate, collecting five hits out J
of nine chances in the last two i
{•utiles. lie is closely followed by :
Pay Hemineson, Val Quintana, and
Al Stringer.
r J he frosh take on San Mateo J.C.,
their big rival second only to the
Cal frosh, today at o p.m. on the I
frosh diamond. Harry Elliot will :
move over from his shortstop posi- ;
tion to relieve the ailing Jerry Poi
nestad at third base. Jim Boswell i
will play at short. Harry Mason !
will start at pitcher, and Sandy |
Banks will be behind the plate.
Traveling to Morula Valley, Stan
ford's varsity baseball tcain starts
ils C.1.8.A. campaign with the high
ly favored St. Mary's Phoenix today
at 2:110. Coach Harry Wolter has
named Harry Dyck to start at pitch
er for the Indians.
St. Mary's lost its first league I
game last Saturday to California, '
8-0. Charlie Mori is expected to be j
on the mound for the Earl Sheeley |
coached team, with Fitzgerald, a I
tall left-hander with a slow curve, j
ready to go in should the going get |
tough.
Sunday, behind the eight - hit j
pitching of footballer Tony Cum- 1
pagno, the Phoenix easily won a |
\\2-G tilt over the San Francisco
Semi-Pro All-Stars.
Ward Walkup will be in his usual
position behind the plate with Ray '
Hammett at first base; Leland Scott,
second base; Ted Nell, third base, (
and Clark Graham, short stop. Ed j
Washburn, Carl Kellenberger, and
Harry Parsons will play in the out
field. The traveling squad will con
sist of 24 players.
Pay Guisti is St. Mary's big power :
at the plate, collecting five hits out J
of nine chances in the last two i
{•utiles. lie is closely followed by :
Pay Hemineson, Val Quintana, and
Al Stringer.
r J he frosh take on San Mateo J.C.,
their big rival second only to the
Cal frosh, today at o p.m. on the I
frosh diamond. Harry Elliot will :
move over from his shortstop posi- ;
tion to relieve the ailing Jerry Poi
nestad at third base. Jim Boswell i
will play at short. Harry Mason !
will start at pitcher, and Sandy |
Banks will be behind the plate.
Traveling to Morula Valley, Stan
ford's varsity baseball tcain starts
ils C.1.8.A. campaign with the high
ly favored St. Mary's Phoenix today
at 2:110. Coach Harry Wolter has
named Harry Dyck to start at pitch
er for the Indians.
St. Mary's lost its first league I
game last Saturday to California, '
8-0. Charlie Mori is expected to be j
on the mound for the Earl Sheeley |
coached team, with Fitzgerald, a I
tall left-hander with a slow curve, j
ready to go in should the going get |
tough.
Sunday, behind the eight - hit j
pitching of footballer Tony Cum- 1
pagno, the Phoenix easily won a |
\\2-G tilt over the San Francisco
Semi-Pro All-Stars.
Ward Walkup will be in his usual
position behind the plate with Ray '
Hammett at first base; Leland Scott,
second base; Ted Nell, third base, (
and Clark Graham, short stop. Ed j
Washburn, Carl Kellenberger, and
Harry Parsons will play in the out
field. The traveling squad will con
sist of 24 players.
Pay Guisti is St. Mary's big power :
at the plate, collecting five hits out J
of nine chances in the last two i
{•utiles. lie is closely followed by :
Pay Hemineson, Val Quintana, and
Al Stringer.
r J he frosh take on San Mateo J.C.,
their big rival second only to the
Cal frosh, today at o p.m. on the I
frosh diamond. Harry Elliot will :
move over from his shortstop posi- ;
tion to relieve the ailing Jerry Poi
nestad at third base. Jim Boswell i
will play at short. Harry Mason !
will start at pitcher, and Sandy |
Banks will be behind the plate.
Traveling to Morula Valley, Stan
ford's varsity baseball tcain starts
ils C.1.8.A. campaign with the high
ly favored St. Mary's Phoenix today
at 2:110. Coach Harry Wolter has
named Harry Dyck to start at pitch
er for the Indians.
St. Mary's lost its first league I
game last Saturday to California, '
8-0. Charlie Mori is expected to be j
on the mound for the Earl Sheeley |
coached team, with Fitzgerald, a I
tall left-hander with a slow curve, j
ready to go in should the going get |
tough.
Sunday, behind the eight - hit j
pitching of footballer Tony Cum- 1
pagno, the Phoenix easily won a |
\\2-G tilt over the San Francisco
Semi-Pro All-Stars.
Ward Walkup will be in his usual
position behind the plate with Ray '
Hammett at first base; Leland Scott,
second base; Ted Nell, third base, (
and Clark Graham, short stop. Ed j
Washburn, Carl Kellenberger, and
Harry Parsons will play in the out
field. The traveling squad will con
sist of 24 players.
Pay Guisti is St. Mary's big power :
at the plate, collecting five hits out J
of nine chances in the last two i
{•utiles. lie is closely followed by :
Pay Hemineson, Val Quintana, and
Al Stringer.
r J he frosh take on San Mateo J.C.,
their big rival second only to the
Cal frosh, today at o p.m. on the I
frosh diamond. Harry Elliot will :
move over from his shortstop posi- ;
tion to relieve the ailing Jerry Poi
nestad at third base. Jim Boswell i
will play at short. Harry Mason !
will start at pitcher, and Sandy |
Banks will be behind the plate.
