# Swiss Suspenders Brighten Fashions
## 
### 
Every year the fashion stylists
rack their brains for a new costume
from a foreign country. They've
copied Mexico for the dirndl and
huaraches, the Orient for extremely
exotic clothes, and Russia for the
lamb's wool cossack hats. Now they
are cashing in on the ski craze by
copying clothes from Switzerland.
Embroidered mittens, little flowered
hats, and most of all suspenders.
Suspenders have come out in all
forms. Felt ones with little long
stemmed flowers embroidered on
them or cute red hearts. Some are
made with bars going across them
like the bar in an "H." Some are
without. Pique straps with little
designs on them have been sub
stituted for felt ones to go with light
summer clothes.

For street clothes, gloves have a
new military effect. Buckles, but
tons, and narrow military cuffs dis
tinguish the latest

A certain firm is putting out a
cream that will pass for either a
summery tun or much needed
stockings.
