# Casual Slacks arid Casual Dress for Fun
## 
### 
SAILOR COLLAR piped in
white and a bright red shoul
der bag give Moofie Faris'
spun rayon suit the casual
tailored look of distinction.
Toni Townsend, seated right,
wears a bright print waffle
pique with a red and green
apple design, right for play,
and also good for quad wear
on hot spring days. Both are
wearing open-toed linen play
shoes.—Livingston Bros.

SAILOR COLLAR piped in
white and a bright red shoul
der bag give Moofie Faris'
spun rayon suit the casual
tailored look of distinction.
Toni Townsend, seated right,
wears a bright print waffle
pique with a red and green
apple design, right for play,
and also good for quad wear
on hot spring days. Both are
wearing open-toed linen play
shoes.—Livingston Bros.

SAILOR COLLAR piped in
white and a bright red shoul
der bag give Moofie Faris'
spun rayon suit the casual
tailored look of distinction.
Toni Townsend, seated right,
wears a bright print waffle
pique with a red and green
apple design, right for play,
and also good for quad wear
on hot spring days. Both are
wearing open-toed linen play
shoes.—Livingston Bros.

SAILOR COLLAR piped in
white and a bright red shoul
der bag give Moofie Faris'
spun rayon suit the casual
tailored look of distinction.
Toni Townsend, seated right,
wears a bright print waffle
pique with a red and green
apple design, right for play,
and also good for quad wear
on hot spring days. Both are
wearing open-toed linen play
shoes.—Livingston Bros.

SAILOR COLLAR piped in
white and a bright red shoul
der bag give Moofie Faris'
spun rayon suit the casual
tailored look of distinction.
Toni Townsend, seated right,
wears a bright print waffle
pique with a red and green
apple design, right for play,
and also good for quad wear
on hot spring days. Both are
wearing open-toed linen play
shoes.—Livingston Bros.

SAILOR COLLAR piped in
white and a bright red shoul
der bag give Moofie Faris'
spun rayon suit the casual
tailored look of distinction.
Toni Townsend, seated right,
wears a bright print waffle
pique with a red and green
apple design, right for play,
and also good for quad wear
on hot spring days. Both are
wearing open-toed linen play
shoes.—Livingston Bros.

SAILOR COLLAR piped in
white and a bright red shoul
der bag give Moofie Faris'
spun rayon suit the casual
tailored look of distinction.
Toni Townsend, seated right,
wears a bright print waffle
pique with a red and green
apple design, right for play,
and also good for quad wear
on hot spring days. Both are
wearing open-toed linen play
shoes.—Livingston Bros.

SAILOR COLLAR piped in
white and a bright red shoul
der bag give Moofie Faris'
spun rayon suit the casual
tailored look of distinction.
Toni Townsend, seated right,
wears a bright print waffle
pique with a red and green
apple design, right for play,
and also good for quad wear
on hot spring days. Both are
wearing open-toed linen play
shoes.—Livingston Bros.

SAILOR COLLAR piped in
white and a bright red shoul
der bag give Moofie Faris'
spun rayon suit the casual
tailored look of distinction.
Toni Townsend, seated right,
wears a bright print waffle
pique with a red and green
apple design, right for play,
and also good for quad wear
on hot spring days. Both are
wearing open-toed linen play
shoes.—Livingston Bros.

SAILOR COLLAR piped in
white and a bright red shoul
der bag give Moofie Faris'
spun rayon suit the casual
tailored look of distinction.
Toni Townsend, seated right,
wears a bright print waffle
pique with a red and green
apple design, right for play,
and also good for quad wear
on hot spring days. Both are
wearing open-toed linen play
shoes.—Livingston Bros.

SAILOR COLLAR piped in
white and a bright red shoul
der bag give Moofie Faris'
spun rayon suit the casual
tailored look of distinction.
Toni Townsend, seated right,
wears a bright print waffle
pique with a red and green
apple design, right for play,
and also good for quad wear
on hot spring days. Both are
wearing open-toed linen play
shoes.—Livingston Bros.

SAILOR COLLAR piped in
white and a bright red shoul
der bag give Moofie Faris'
spun rayon suit the casual
tailored look of distinction.
Toni Townsend, seated right,
wears a bright print waffle
pique with a red and green
apple design, right for play,
and also good for quad wear
on hot spring days. Both are
wearing open-toed linen play
shoes.—Livingston Bros.

SAILOR COLLAR piped in
white and a bright red shoul
der bag give Moofie Faris'
spun rayon suit the casual
tailored look of distinction.
Toni Townsend, seated right,
wears a bright print waffle
pique with a red and green
apple design, right for play,
and also good for quad wear
on hot spring days. Both are
wearing open-toed linen play
shoes.—Livingston Bros.

SAILOR COLLAR piped in
white and a bright red shoul
der bag give Moofie Faris'
spun rayon suit the casual
tailored look of distinction.
Toni Townsend, seated right,
wears a bright print waffle
pique with a red and green
apple design, right for play,
and also good for quad wear
on hot spring days. Both are
wearing open-toed linen play
shoes.—Livingston Bros.

SAILOR COLLAR piped in
white and a bright red shoul
der bag give Moofie Faris'
spun rayon suit the casual
tailored look of distinction.
Toni Townsend, seated right,
wears a bright print waffle
pique with a red and green
apple design, right for play,
and also good for quad wear
on hot spring days. Both are
wearing open-toed linen play
shoes.—Livingston Bros.

SAILOR COLLAR piped in
white and a bright red shoul
der bag give Moofie Faris'
spun rayon suit the casual
tailored look of distinction.
Toni Townsend, seated right,
wears a bright print waffle
pique with a red and green
apple design, right for play,
and also good for quad wear
on hot spring days. Both are
wearing open-toed linen play
shoes.—Livingston Bros.

SAILOR COLLAR piped in
white and a bright red shoul
der bag give Moofie Faris'
spun rayon suit the casual
tailored look of distinction.
Toni Townsend, seated right,
wears a bright print waffle
pique with a red and green
apple design, right for play,
and also good for quad wear
on hot spring days. Both are
wearing open-toed linen play
shoes.—Livingston Bros.

SAILOR COLLAR piped in
white and a bright red shoul
der bag give Moofie Faris'
spun rayon suit the casual
tailored look of distinction.
Toni Townsend, seated right,
wears a bright print waffle
pique with a red and green
apple design, right for play,
and also good for quad wear
on hot spring days. Both are
wearing open-toed linen play
shoes.—Livingston Bros.

