# Dr. Jordan to Give Talk On "What of the Night"
## 
### 
"What of the Night" is to he the
subject of Dr. Jordan's talk at the
Thursday Evening Conference hold at
7:30 tonight at his home. Europe has
been in darkness for years, Jjut is
coming to a saner state of mind, and
the outlook is better than it has been
since 1914. according to l)r. Jordan.
He will discuss how the world is get
ting on politically and financially.
"What of the Night" is to he the
subject of Dr. Jordan's talk at the
Thursday Evening Conference hold at
7:30 tonight at his home. Europe has
been in darkness for years, Jjut is
coming to a saner state of mind, and
the outlook is better than it has been
since 1914. according to l)r. Jordan.
He will discuss how the world is get
ting on politically and financially.
"What of the Night" is to he the
subject of Dr. Jordan's talk at the
Thursday Evening Conference hold at
7:30 tonight at his home. Europe has
been in darkness for years, Jjut is
coming to a saner state of mind, and
the outlook is better than it has been
since 1914. according to l)r. Jordan.
He will discuss how the world is get
ting on politically and financially.
"What of the Night" is to he the
subject of Dr. Jordan's talk at the
Thursday Evening Conference hold at
7:30 tonight at his home. Europe has
been in darkness for years, Jjut is
coming to a saner state of mind, and
the outlook is better than it has been
since 1914. according to l)r. Jordan.
He will discuss how the world is get
ting on politically and financially.
"What of the Night" is to he the
subject of Dr. Jordan's talk at the
Thursday Evening Conference hold at
7:30 tonight at his home. Europe has
been in darkness for years, Jjut is
coming to a saner state of mind, and
the outlook is better than it has been
since 1914. according to l)r. Jordan.
He will discuss how the world is get
ting on politically and financially.
"What of the Night" is to he the
subject of Dr. Jordan's talk at the
Thursday Evening Conference hold at
7:30 tonight at his home. Europe has
been in darkness for years, Jjut is
coming to a saner state of mind, and
the outlook is better than it has been
since 1914. according to l)r. Jordan.
He will discuss how the world is get
ting on politically and financially.
"What of the Night" is to he the
subject of Dr. Jordan's talk at the
Thursday Evening Conference hold at
7:30 tonight at his home. Europe has
been in darkness for years, Jjut is
coming to a saner state of mind, and
the outlook is better than it has been
since 1914. according to l)r. Jordan.
He will discuss how the world is get
ting on politically and financially.
"What of the Night" is to he the
subject of Dr. Jordan's talk at the
Thursday Evening Conference hold at
7:30 tonight at his home. Europe has
been in darkness for years, Jjut is
coming to a saner state of mind, and
the outlook is better than it has been
since 1914. according to l)r. Jordan.
He will discuss how the world is get
ting on politically and financially.
"What of the Night" is to he the
subject of Dr. Jordan's talk at the
Thursday Evening Conference hold at
7:30 tonight at his home. Europe has
been in darkness for years, Jjut is
coming to a saner state of mind, and
the outlook is better than it has been
since 1914. according to l)r. Jordan.
He will discuss how the world is get
ting on politically and financially.
"What of the Night" is to he the
subject of Dr. Jordan's talk at the
Thursday Evening Conference hold at
7:30 tonight at his home. Europe has
been in darkness for years, Jjut is
coming to a saner state of mind, and
the outlook is better than it has been
since 1914. according to l)r. Jordan.
He will discuss how the world is get
ting on politically and financially.
"What of the Night" is to he the
subject of Dr. Jordan's talk at the
Thursday Evening Conference hold at
7:30 tonight at his home. Europe has
been in darkness for years, Jjut is
coming to a saner state of mind, and
the outlook is better than it has been
since 1914. according to l)r. Jordan.
He will discuss how the world is get
ting on politically and financially.
"What of the Night" is to he the
subject of Dr. Jordan's talk at the
Thursday Evening Conference hold at
7:30 tonight at his home. Europe has
been in darkness for years, Jjut is
coming to a saner state of mind, and
the outlook is better than it has been
since 1914. according to l)r. Jordan.
He will discuss how the world is get
ting on politically and financially.
"What of the Night" is to he the
subject of Dr. Jordan's talk at the
Thursday Evening Conference hold at
7:30 tonight at his home. Europe has
been in darkness for years, Jjut is
coming to a saner state of mind, and
the outlook is better than it has been
since 1914. according to l)r. Jordan.
He will discuss how the world is get
ting on politically and financially.
"What of the Night" is to he the
subject of Dr. Jordan's talk at the
Thursday Evening Conference hold at
7:30 tonight at his home. Europe has
been in darkness for years, Jjut is
coming to a saner state of mind, and
the outlook is better than it has been
since 1914. according to l)r. Jordan.
He will discuss how the world is get
ting on politically and financially.
"What of the Night" is to he the
subject of Dr. Jordan's talk at the
Thursday Evening Conference hold at
7:30 tonight at his home. Europe has
been in darkness for years, Jjut is
coming to a saner state of mind, and
the outlook is better than it has been
since 1914. according to l)r. Jordan.
He will discuss how the world is get
ting on politically and financially.
"What of the Night" is to he the
subject of Dr. Jordan's talk at the
Thursday Evening Conference hold at
7:30 tonight at his home. Europe has
been in darkness for years, Jjut is
coming to a saner state of mind, and
the outlook is better than it has been
since 1914. according to l)r. Jordan.
He will discuss how the world is get
ting on politically and financially.
