# Federal Agriculturalist Opens Station on Campus
## 
### 
Improvement of existing varieties of
deciduous fruits is the object of ex
periments being conducted on the
University campus by W. F. Wight,
botanist for the United States Depart
ment of Agriculture.
Stanford furnishes the federal de
partment twenty acres of land near
the home of Dr. Jordan, of which tract
approximately five acres have been
planted in different species of peaches,
prunes, apricots, pears and persim
mons.
Although no contract calling for con
tinuance of the station beyond such
period as the Department of Agricul
ture may desire is in existence, Wight
expects to remain here at this station
for not less than eight years longer.
That length of time will be required,
lie says, for the trees to develop to
the point where he can measure his
results and the fruit industry will be
able to gauge ttie importance of his
contributions.
Improvement of existing varieties of
deciduous fruits is the object of ex
periments being conducted on the
University campus by W. F. Wight,
botanist for the United States Depart
ment of Agriculture.
Stanford furnishes the federal de
partment twenty acres of land near
the home of Dr. Jordan, of which tract
approximately five acres have been
planted in different species of peaches,
prunes, apricots, pears and persim
mons.
Although no contract calling for con
tinuance of the station beyond such
period as the Department of Agricul
ture may desire is in existence, Wight
expects to remain here at this station
for not less than eight years longer.
That length of time will be required,
lie says, for the trees to develop to
the point where he can measure his
results and the fruit industry will be
able to gauge ttie importance of his
contributions.
Improvement of existing varieties of
deciduous fruits is the object of ex
periments being conducted on the
University campus by W. F. Wight,
botanist for the United States Depart
ment of Agriculture.
Stanford furnishes the federal de
partment twenty acres of land near
the home of Dr. Jordan, of which tract
approximately five acres have been
planted in different species of peaches,
prunes, apricots, pears and persim
mons.
Although no contract calling for con
tinuance of the station beyond such
period as the Department of Agricul
ture may desire is in existence, Wight
expects to remain here at this station
for not less than eight years longer.
That length of time will be required,
lie says, for the trees to develop to
the point where he can measure his
results and the fruit industry will be
able to gauge ttie importance of his
contributions.
Improvement of existing varieties of
deciduous fruits is the object of ex
periments being conducted on the
University campus by W. F. Wight,
botanist for the United States Depart
ment of Agriculture.
Stanford furnishes the federal de
partment twenty acres of land near
the home of Dr. Jordan, of which tract
approximately five acres have been
planted in different species of peaches,
prunes, apricots, pears and persim
mons.
Although no contract calling for con
tinuance of the station beyond such
period as the Department of Agricul
ture may desire is in existence, Wight
expects to remain here at this station
for not less than eight years longer.
That length of time will be required,
lie says, for the trees to develop to
the point where he can measure his
results and the fruit industry will be
able to gauge ttie importance of his
contributions.
Improvement of existing varieties of
deciduous fruits is the object of ex
periments being conducted on the
University campus by W. F. Wight,
botanist for the United States Depart
ment of Agriculture.
Stanford furnishes the federal de
partment twenty acres of land near
the home of Dr. Jordan, of which tract
approximately five acres have been
planted in different species of peaches,
prunes, apricots, pears and persim
mons.
Although no contract calling for con
tinuance of the station beyond such
period as the Department of Agricul
ture may desire is in existence, Wight
expects to remain here at this station
for not less than eight years longer.
That length of time will be required,
lie says, for the trees to develop to
the point where he can measure his
results and the fruit industry will be
able to gauge ttie importance of his
contributions.
Improvement of existing varieties of
deciduous fruits is the object of ex
periments being conducted on the
University campus by W. F. Wight,
botanist for the United States Depart
ment of Agriculture.
Stanford furnishes the federal de
partment twenty acres of land near
the home of Dr. Jordan, of which tract
approximately five acres have been
planted in different species of peaches,
prunes, apricots, pears and persim
mons.
Although no contract calling for con
tinuance of the station beyond such
period as the Department of Agricul
ture may desire is in existence, Wight
expects to remain here at this station
for not less than eight years longer.
That length of time will be required,
lie says, for the trees to develop to
the point where he can measure his
results and the fruit industry will be
able to gauge ttie importance of his
contributions.
Improvement of existing varieties of
deciduous fruits is the object of ex
periments being conducted on the
University campus by W. F. Wight,
botanist for the United States Depart
ment of Agriculture.
Stanford furnishes the federal de
partment twenty acres of land near
the home of Dr. Jordan, of which tract
approximately five acres have been
planted in different species of peaches,
prunes, apricots, pears and persim
mons.
Although no contract calling for con
tinuance of the station beyond such
period as the Department of Agricul
ture may desire is in existence, Wight
expects to remain here at this station
for not less than eight years longer.
That length of time will be required,
lie says, for the trees to develop to
the point where he can measure his
results and the fruit industry will be
able to gauge ttie importance of his
contributions.
Improvement of existing varieties of
deciduous fruits is the object of ex
periments being conducted on the
University campus by W. F. Wight,
botanist for the United States Depart
ment of Agriculture.
Stanford furnishes the federal de
partment twenty acres of land near
the home of Dr. Jordan, of which tract
approximately five acres have been
planted in different species of peaches,
prunes, apricots, pears and persim
mons.
Although no contract calling for con
tinuance of the station beyond such
period as the Department of Agricul
ture may desire is in existence, Wight
expects to remain here at this station
for not less than eight years longer.
That length of time will be required,
lie says, for the trees to develop to
the point where he can measure his
results and the fruit industry will be
able to gauge ttie importance of his
contributions.
Improvement of existing varieties of
deciduous fruits is the object of ex
periments being conducted on the
University campus by W. F. Wight,
botanist for the United States Depart
ment of Agriculture.
Stanford furnishes the federal de
partment twenty acres of land near
the home of Dr. Jordan, of which tract
approximately five acres have been
planted in different species of peaches,
prunes, apricots, pears and persim
mons.
Although no contract calling for con
tinuance of the station beyond such
period as the Department of Agricul
ture may desire is in existence, Wight
expects to remain here at this station
for not less than eight years longer.
That length of time will be required,
lie says, for the trees to develop to
the point where he can measure his
results and the fruit industry will be
able to gauge ttie importance of his
contributions.
Improvement of existing varieties of
deciduous fruits is the object of ex
periments being conducted on the
University campus by W. F. Wight,
botanist for the United States Depart
ment of Agriculture.
Stanford furnishes the federal de
partment twenty acres of land near
the home of Dr. Jordan, of which tract
approximately five acres have been
planted in different species of peaches,
prunes, apricots, pears and persim
mons.
Although no contract calling for con
tinuance of the station beyond such
period as the Department of Agricul
ture may desire is in existence, Wight
expects to remain here at this station
for not less than eight years longer.
That length of time will be required,
lie says, for the trees to develop to
the point where he can measure his
results and the fruit industry will be
able to gauge ttie importance of his
contributions.
Improvement of existing varieties of
deciduous fruits is the object of ex
periments being conducted on the
University campus by W. F. Wight,
botanist for the United States Depart
ment of Agriculture.
Stanford furnishes the federal de
partment twenty acres of land near
the home of Dr. Jordan, of which tract
approximately five acres have been
planted in different species of peaches,
prunes, apricots, pears and persim
mons.
Although no contract calling for con
tinuance of the station beyond such
period as the Department of Agricul
ture may desire is in existence, Wight
expects to remain here at this station
for not less than eight years longer.
That length of time will be required,
lie says, for the trees to develop to
the point where he can measure his
results and the fruit industry will be
able to gauge ttie importance of his
contributions.
Improvement of existing varieties of
deciduous fruits is the object of ex
periments being conducted on the
University campus by W. F. Wight,
botanist for the United States Depart
ment of Agriculture.
Stanford furnishes the federal de
partment twenty acres of land near
the home of Dr. Jordan, of which tract
approximately five acres have been
planted in different species of peaches,
prunes, apricots, pears and persim
mons.
Although no contract calling for con
tinuance of the station beyond such
period as the Department of Agricul
ture may desire is in existence, Wight
expects to remain here at this station
for not less than eight years longer.
That length of time will be required,
lie says, for the trees to develop to
the point where he can measure his
results and the fruit industry will be
able to gauge ttie importance of his
contributions.
Improvement of existing varieties of
deciduous fruits is the object of ex
periments being conducted on the
University campus by W. F. Wight,
botanist for the United States Depart
ment of Agriculture.
Stanford furnishes the federal de
partment twenty acres of land near
the home of Dr. Jordan, of which tract
approximately five acres have been
planted in different species of peaches,
prunes, apricots, pears and persim
mons.
Although no contract calling for con
tinuance of the station beyond such
period as the Department of Agricul
ture may desire is in existence, Wight
expects to remain here at this station
for not less than eight years longer.
That length of time will be required,
lie says, for the trees to develop to
the point where he can measure his
results and the fruit industry will be
able to gauge ttie importance of his
contributions.
Improvement of existing varieties of
deciduous fruits is the object of ex
periments being conducted on the
University campus by W. F. Wight,
botanist for the United States Depart
ment of Agriculture.
Stanford furnishes the federal de
partment twenty acres of land near
the home of Dr. Jordan, of which tract
approximately five acres have been
planted in different species of peaches,
prunes, apricots, pears and persim
mons.
Although no contract calling for con
tinuance of the station beyond such
period as the Department of Agricul
ture may desire is in existence, Wight
expects to remain here at this station
for not less than eight years longer.
That length of time will be required,
lie says, for the trees to develop to
the point where he can measure his
results and the fruit industry will be
able to gauge ttie importance of his
contributions.
Improvement of existing varieties of
deciduous fruits is the object of ex
periments being conducted on the
University campus by W. F. Wight,
botanist for the United States Depart
ment of Agriculture.
Stanford furnishes the federal de
partment twenty acres of land near
the home of Dr. Jordan, of which tract
approximately five acres have been
planted in different species of peaches,
prunes, apricots, pears and persim
mons.
Although no contract calling for con
tinuance of the station beyond such
period as the Department of Agricul
ture may desire is in existence, Wight
expects to remain here at this station
for not less than eight years longer.
That length of time will be required,
lie says, for the trees to develop to
the point where he can measure his
results and the fruit industry will be
able to gauge ttie importance of his
contributions.
Improvement of existing varieties of
deciduous fruits is the object of ex
periments being conducted on the
University campus by W. F. Wight,
botanist for the United States Depart
ment of Agriculture.
Stanford furnishes the federal de
partment twenty acres of land near
the home of Dr. Jordan, of which tract
approximately five acres have been
planted in different species of peaches,
prunes, apricots, pears and persim
mons.
Although no contract calling for con
tinuance of the station beyond such
period as the Department of Agricul
ture may desire is in existence, Wight
expects to remain here at this station
for not less than eight years longer.
That length of time will be required,
lie says, for the trees to develop to
the point where he can measure his
results and the fruit industry will be
able to gauge ttie importance of his
contributions.
