# APPOINTMENT OFFICE JOBS EARN $52,700
## 
### 
During the past year $52,700 has
been earned in new jobs obtained
through the Emplyment Office. This
latest report does not include the
money earned by men who had already
secured jobs, or who kept the same
ones they had the year before. It is
from new jobs only.
Last year t>2 of the men students
earned part of their school expenses,
and it seems because of the drought
and general business conditions that
this year an even greater percentage
will earn some money. At least so it
appears from the "land-office" business
the Employment Office has been sub
jected to during tlie past few days.
The Employment Office is attempt
ing to fit the man to the job, so that
the product will be more beneficial to
both the employer and the student.
Because of this, the office requests
that employers make a report of the
quality of work done, and in this way
keep tab on the qualifications of each
student. Thus something definite will
be known of the student, and it will
be easier to place him after gradua
tion.
