# DANZIG REMAINS FREE
## 
### 

Here is a section of the free city of Danzig, in northern Germany
where voters defeated a proposal to abrogate the community's mandate
for control by the Hitler regime. A two-thirds majority was needed,
and the Reich supporters secured slightly less than 60 per cent of the
ballots. (Associated Press Photo.) >

Here is a section of the free city of Danzig, in northern Germany
where voters defeated a proposal to abrogate the community's mandate
for control by the Hitler regime. A two-thirds majority was needed,
and the Reich supporters secured slightly less than 60 per cent of the
ballots. (Associated Press Photo.) >

Here is a section of the free city of Danzig, in northern Germany
where voters defeated a proposal to abrogate the community's mandate
for control by the Hitler regime. A two-thirds majority was needed,
and the Reich supporters secured slightly less than 60 per cent of the
ballots. (Associated Press Photo.) >

Here is a section of the free city of Danzig, in northern Germany
where voters defeated a proposal to abrogate the community's mandate
for control by the Hitler regime. A two-thirds majority was needed,
and the Reich supporters secured slightly less than 60 per cent of the
ballots. (Associated Press Photo.) >

Here is a section of the free city of Danzig, in northern Germany
where voters defeated a proposal to abrogate the community's mandate
for control by the Hitler regime. A two-thirds majority was needed,
and the Reich supporters secured slightly less than 60 per cent of the
ballots. (Associated Press Photo.) >

Here is a section of the free city of Danzig, in northern Germany
where voters defeated a proposal to abrogate the community's mandate
for control by the Hitler regime. A two-thirds majority was needed,
and the Reich supporters secured slightly less than 60 per cent of the
ballots. (Associated Press Photo.) >

Here is a section of the free city of Danzig, in northern Germany
where voters defeated a proposal to abrogate the community's mandate
for control by the Hitler regime. A two-thirds majority was needed,
and the Reich supporters secured slightly less than 60 per cent of the
ballots. (Associated Press Photo.) >

Here is a section of the free city of Danzig, in northern Germany
where voters defeated a proposal to abrogate the community's mandate
for control by the Hitler regime. A two-thirds majority was needed,
and the Reich supporters secured slightly less than 60 per cent of the
ballots. (Associated Press Photo.) >

Here is a section of the free city of Danzig, in northern Germany
where voters defeated a proposal to abrogate the community's mandate
for control by the Hitler regime. A two-thirds majority was needed,
and the Reich supporters secured slightly less than 60 per cent of the
ballots. (Associated Press Photo.) >

Here is a section of the free city of Danzig, in northern Germany
where voters defeated a proposal to abrogate the community's mandate
for control by the Hitler regime. A two-thirds majority was needed,
and the Reich supporters secured slightly less than 60 per cent of the
ballots. (Associated Press Photo.) >

Here is a section of the free city of Danzig, in northern Germany
where voters defeated a proposal to abrogate the community's mandate
for control by the Hitler regime. A two-thirds majority was needed,
and the Reich supporters secured slightly less than 60 per cent of the
ballots. (Associated Press Photo.) >

Here is a section of the free city of Danzig, in northern Germany
where voters defeated a proposal to abrogate the community's mandate
for control by the Hitler regime. A two-thirds majority was needed,
and the Reich supporters secured slightly less than 60 per cent of the
ballots. (Associated Press Photo.) >

Here is a section of the free city of Danzig, in northern Germany
where voters defeated a proposal to abrogate the community's mandate
for control by the Hitler regime. A two-thirds majority was needed,
and the Reich supporters secured slightly less than 60 per cent of the
ballots. (Associated Press Photo.) >

Here is a section of the free city of Danzig, in northern Germany
where voters defeated a proposal to abrogate the community's mandate
for control by the Hitler regime. A two-thirds majority was needed,
and the Reich supporters secured slightly less than 60 per cent of the
ballots. (Associated Press Photo.) >

Here is a section of the free city of Danzig, in northern Germany
where voters defeated a proposal to abrogate the community's mandate
for control by the Hitler regime. A two-thirds majority was needed,
and the Reich supporters secured slightly less than 60 per cent of the
ballots. (Associated Press Photo.) >
