# Band to Play Over Air Sunday on CBS Network
## 
### 
Sixty strong, Stanford's band di
rected by Bandmaster Will H. Bick
ett will broadcast a half hour con
cert Sunday over KFRC from 4 to
4:30 o'clock. The broadcast will in
clude a coast network and also
hook-ups with KOA. at Denver and
KLO at Chicago.
Sixty strong, Stanford's band di
rected by Bandmaster Will H. Bick
ett will broadcast a half hour con
cert Sunday over KFRC from 4 to
4:30 o'clock. The broadcast will in
clude a coast network and also
hook-ups with KOA. at Denver and
KLO at Chicago.
Sixty strong, Stanford's band di
rected by Bandmaster Will H. Bick
ett will broadcast a half hour con
cert Sunday over KFRC from 4 to
4:30 o'clock. The broadcast will in
clude a coast network and also
hook-ups with KOA. at Denver and
KLO at Chicago.
Sixty strong, Stanford's band di
rected by Bandmaster Will H. Bick
ett will broadcast a half hour con
cert Sunday over KFRC from 4 to
4:30 o'clock. The broadcast will in
clude a coast network and also
hook-ups with KOA. at Denver and
KLO at Chicago.
Sixty strong, Stanford's band di
rected by Bandmaster Will H. Bick
ett will broadcast a half hour con
cert Sunday over KFRC from 4 to
4:30 o'clock. The broadcast will in
clude a coast network and also
hook-ups with KOA. at Denver and
KLO at Chicago.
Sixty strong, Stanford's band di
rected by Bandmaster Will H. Bick
ett will broadcast a half hour con
cert Sunday over KFRC from 4 to
4:30 o'clock. The broadcast will in
clude a coast network and also
hook-ups with KOA. at Denver and
KLO at Chicago.
Sixty strong, Stanford's band di
rected by Bandmaster Will H. Bick
ett will broadcast a half hour con
cert Sunday over KFRC from 4 to
4:30 o'clock. The broadcast will in
clude a coast network and also
hook-ups with KOA. at Denver and
KLO at Chicago.
Sixty strong, Stanford's band di
rected by Bandmaster Will H. Bick
ett will broadcast a half hour con
cert Sunday over KFRC from 4 to
4:30 o'clock. The broadcast will in
clude a coast network and also
hook-ups with KOA. at Denver and
KLO at Chicago.
Sixty strong, Stanford's band di
rected by Bandmaster Will H. Bick
ett will broadcast a half hour con
cert Sunday over KFRC from 4 to
4:30 o'clock. The broadcast will in
clude a coast network and also
hook-ups with KOA. at Denver and
KLO at Chicago.
Sixty strong, Stanford's band di
rected by Bandmaster Will H. Bick
ett will broadcast a half hour con
cert Sunday over KFRC from 4 to
4:30 o'clock. The broadcast will in
clude a coast network and also
hook-ups with KOA. at Denver and
KLO at Chicago.
Sixty strong, Stanford's band di
rected by Bandmaster Will H. Bick
ett will broadcast a half hour con
cert Sunday over KFRC from 4 to
4:30 o'clock. The broadcast will in
clude a coast network and also
hook-ups with KOA. at Denver and
KLO at Chicago.
Sixty strong, Stanford's band di
rected by Bandmaster Will H. Bick
ett will broadcast a half hour con
cert Sunday over KFRC from 4 to
4:30 o'clock. The broadcast will in
clude a coast network and also
hook-ups with KOA. at Denver and
KLO at Chicago.
Sixty strong, Stanford's band di
rected by Bandmaster Will H. Bick
ett will broadcast a half hour con
cert Sunday over KFRC from 4 to
4:30 o'clock. The broadcast will in
clude a coast network and also
hook-ups with KOA. at Denver and
KLO at Chicago.
Sixty strong, Stanford's band di
rected by Bandmaster Will H. Bick
ett will broadcast a half hour con
cert Sunday over KFRC from 4 to
4:30 o'clock. The broadcast will in
clude a coast network and also
hook-ups with KOA. at Denver and
KLO at Chicago.
Sixty strong, Stanford's band di
rected by Bandmaster Will H. Bick
ett will broadcast a half hour con
cert Sunday over KFRC from 4 to
4:30 o'clock. The broadcast will in
clude a coast network and also
hook-ups with KOA. at Denver and
KLO at Chicago.
