# WOMEN GOLFERS MEET
## 
### 
Women golfers will meet at 4:45
o'clock this afternoon in the lounge
of the Women's Gym to discuss plans
for an jill-University tournament.
Women golfers will meet at 4:45
o'clock this afternoon in the lounge
of the Women's Gym to discuss plans
for an jill-University tournament.
Women golfers will meet at 4:45
o'clock this afternoon in the lounge
of the Women's Gym to discuss plans
for an jill-University tournament.
Women golfers will meet at 4:45
o'clock this afternoon in the lounge
of the Women's Gym to discuss plans
for an jill-University tournament.
Women golfers will meet at 4:45
o'clock this afternoon in the lounge
of the Women's Gym to discuss plans
for an jill-University tournament.
Women golfers will meet at 4:45
o'clock this afternoon in the lounge
of the Women's Gym to discuss plans
for an jill-University tournament.
Women golfers will meet at 4:45
o'clock this afternoon in the lounge
of the Women's Gym to discuss plans
for an jill-University tournament.
Women golfers will meet at 4:45
o'clock this afternoon in the lounge
of the Women's Gym to discuss plans
for an jill-University tournament.
Women golfers will meet at 4:45
o'clock this afternoon in the lounge
of the Women's Gym to discuss plans
for an jill-University tournament.
Women golfers will meet at 4:45
o'clock this afternoon in the lounge
of the Women's Gym to discuss plans
for an jill-University tournament.
Women golfers will meet at 4:45
o'clock this afternoon in the lounge
of the Women's Gym to discuss plans
for an jill-University tournament.
Women golfers will meet at 4:45
o'clock this afternoon in the lounge
of the Women's Gym to discuss plans
for an jill-University tournament.
Women golfers will meet at 4:45
o'clock this afternoon in the lounge
of the Women's Gym to discuss plans
for an jill-University tournament.
Women golfers will meet at 4:45
o'clock this afternoon in the lounge
of the Women's Gym to discuss plans
for an jill-University tournament.
Women golfers will meet at 4:45
o'clock this afternoon in the lounge
of the Women's Gym to discuss plans
for an jill-University tournament.
