# Theatre Plans Presented To Trustees' Committee
## 
### 
The new theatre project took an
other step toward completion yes
terday as plans were presented to a
;-peeial committee of the Board of
Trustees by President liay L. Wilbur
and Comptroller Almon Roth at a
meeting in San Francisco.
The committee's discussion of the
project will be presented formally
to the entire Board of Trustees in
their regular meeting Thursday,
April 11, with announcement of their
decision to be made at that time.
The new theatre project took an
other step toward completion yes
terday as plans were presented to a
;-peeial committee of the Board of
Trustees by President liay L. Wilbur
and Comptroller Almon Roth at a
meeting in San Francisco.
The committee's discussion of the
project will be presented formally
to the entire Board of Trustees in
their regular meeting Thursday,
April 11, with announcement of their
decision to be made at that time.
The new theatre project took an
other step toward completion yes
terday as plans were presented to a
;-peeial committee of the Board of
Trustees by President liay L. Wilbur
and Comptroller Almon Roth at a
meeting in San Francisco.
The committee's discussion of the
project will be presented formally
to the entire Board of Trustees in
their regular meeting Thursday,
April 11, with announcement of their
decision to be made at that time.
The new theatre project took an
other step toward completion yes
terday as plans were presented to a
;-peeial committee of the Board of
Trustees by President liay L. Wilbur
and Comptroller Almon Roth at a
meeting in San Francisco.
The committee's discussion of the
project will be presented formally
to the entire Board of Trustees in
their regular meeting Thursday,
April 11, with announcement of their
decision to be made at that time.
The new theatre project took an
other step toward completion yes
terday as plans were presented to a
;-peeial committee of the Board of
Trustees by President liay L. Wilbur
and Comptroller Almon Roth at a
meeting in San Francisco.
The committee's discussion of the
project will be presented formally
to the entire Board of Trustees in
their regular meeting Thursday,
April 11, with announcement of their
decision to be made at that time.
The new theatre project took an
other step toward completion yes
terday as plans were presented to a
;-peeial committee of the Board of
Trustees by President liay L. Wilbur
and Comptroller Almon Roth at a
meeting in San Francisco.
The committee's discussion of the
project will be presented formally
to the entire Board of Trustees in
their regular meeting Thursday,
April 11, with announcement of their
decision to be made at that time.
The new theatre project took an
other step toward completion yes
terday as plans were presented to a
;-peeial committee of the Board of
Trustees by President liay L. Wilbur
and Comptroller Almon Roth at a
meeting in San Francisco.
The committee's discussion of the
project will be presented formally
to the entire Board of Trustees in
their regular meeting Thursday,
April 11, with announcement of their
decision to be made at that time.
The new theatre project took an
other step toward completion yes
terday as plans were presented to a
;-peeial committee of the Board of
Trustees by President liay L. Wilbur
and Comptroller Almon Roth at a
meeting in San Francisco.
The committee's discussion of the
project will be presented formally
to the entire Board of Trustees in
their regular meeting Thursday,
April 11, with announcement of their
decision to be made at that time.
The new theatre project took an
other step toward completion yes
terday as plans were presented to a
;-peeial committee of the Board of
Trustees by President liay L. Wilbur
and Comptroller Almon Roth at a
meeting in San Francisco.
The committee's discussion of the
project will be presented formally
to the entire Board of Trustees in
their regular meeting Thursday,
April 11, with announcement of their
decision to be made at that time.
The new theatre project took an
other step toward completion yes
terday as plans were presented to a
;-peeial committee of the Board of
Trustees by President liay L. Wilbur
and Comptroller Almon Roth at a
meeting in San Francisco.
The committee's discussion of the
project will be presented formally
to the entire Board of Trustees in
their regular meeting Thursday,
April 11, with announcement of their
decision to be made at that time.
The new theatre project took an
other step toward completion yes
terday as plans were presented to a
;-peeial committee of the Board of
Trustees by President liay L. Wilbur
and Comptroller Almon Roth at a
meeting in San Francisco.
The committee's discussion of the
project will be presented formally
to the entire Board of Trustees in
their regular meeting Thursday,
April 11, with announcement of their
decision to be made at that time.
The new theatre project took an
other step toward completion yes
terday as plans were presented to a
;-peeial committee of the Board of
Trustees by President liay L. Wilbur
and Comptroller Almon Roth at a
meeting in San Francisco.
The committee's discussion of the
project will be presented formally
to the entire Board of Trustees in
their regular meeting Thursday,
April 11, with announcement of their
decision to be made at that time.
The new theatre project took an
other step toward completion yes
terday as plans were presented to a
;-peeial committee of the Board of
Trustees by President liay L. Wilbur
and Comptroller Almon Roth at a
meeting in San Francisco.
The committee's discussion of the
project will be presented formally
to the entire Board of Trustees in
their regular meeting Thursday,
April 11, with announcement of their
decision to be made at that time.
The new theatre project took an
other step toward completion yes
terday as plans were presented to a
;-peeial committee of the Board of
Trustees by President liay L. Wilbur
and Comptroller Almon Roth at a
meeting in San Francisco.
The committee's discussion of the
project will be presented formally
to the entire Board of Trustees in
their regular meeting Thursday,
April 11, with announcement of their
decision to be made at that time.
The new theatre project took an
other step toward completion yes
terday as plans were presented to a
;-peeial committee of the Board of
Trustees by President liay L. Wilbur
and Comptroller Almon Roth at a
meeting in San Francisco.
The committee's discussion of the
project will be presented formally
to the entire Board of Trustees in
their regular meeting Thursday,
April 11, with announcement of their
decision to be made at that time.
