# Michigan Athlete Stars In Pre-Meet Practice
## 
### 
LOS ANGELES, April 9 (A>). —
Michigan's track and field team, the
most important part of which is
Willis Ward, hurled its threat at
Coach Brutus Hamilton's California
Bears today in its first serious work
out here before their dual meet at
Berkeley Saturday.
Ward, as his coach, Charles Hoyt,
explained, took a light drill during
which he recorded as follows: high
jump—o feet 3'/a inches; 100-yard
dash—9.7 seconds; 120-yard high
hurdles—l4.o seconds; broad jump—
24 feet 1 inch.
LOS ANGELES, April 9 (A>). —
Michigan's track and field team, the
most important part of which is
Willis Ward, hurled its threat at
Coach Brutus Hamilton's California
Bears today in its first serious work
out here before their dual meet at
Berkeley Saturday.
Ward, as his coach, Charles Hoyt,
explained, took a light drill during
which he recorded as follows: high
jump—o feet 3'/a inches; 100-yard
dash—9.7 seconds; 120-yard high
hurdles—l4.o seconds; broad jump—
24 feet 1 inch.
LOS ANGELES, April 9 (A>). —
Michigan's track and field team, the
most important part of which is
Willis Ward, hurled its threat at
Coach Brutus Hamilton's California
Bears today in its first serious work
out here before their dual meet at
Berkeley Saturday.
Ward, as his coach, Charles Hoyt,
explained, took a light drill during
which he recorded as follows: high
jump—o feet 3'/a inches; 100-yard
dash—9.7 seconds; 120-yard high
hurdles—l4.o seconds; broad jump—
24 feet 1 inch.
LOS ANGELES, April 9 (A>). —
Michigan's track and field team, the
most important part of which is
Willis Ward, hurled its threat at
Coach Brutus Hamilton's California
Bears today in its first serious work
out here before their dual meet at
Berkeley Saturday.
Ward, as his coach, Charles Hoyt,
explained, took a light drill during
which he recorded as follows: high
jump—o feet 3'/a inches; 100-yard
dash—9.7 seconds; 120-yard high
hurdles—l4.o seconds; broad jump—
24 feet 1 inch.
LOS ANGELES, April 9 (A>). —
Michigan's track and field team, the
most important part of which is
Willis Ward, hurled its threat at
Coach Brutus Hamilton's California
Bears today in its first serious work
out here before their dual meet at
Berkeley Saturday.
Ward, as his coach, Charles Hoyt,
explained, took a light drill during
which he recorded as follows: high
jump—o feet 3'/a inches; 100-yard
dash—9.7 seconds; 120-yard high
hurdles—l4.o seconds; broad jump—
24 feet 1 inch.
LOS ANGELES, April 9 (A>). —
Michigan's track and field team, the
most important part of which is
Willis Ward, hurled its threat at
Coach Brutus Hamilton's California
Bears today in its first serious work
out here before their dual meet at
Berkeley Saturday.
Ward, as his coach, Charles Hoyt,
explained, took a light drill during
which he recorded as follows: high
jump—o feet 3'/a inches; 100-yard
dash—9.7 seconds; 120-yard high
hurdles—l4.o seconds; broad jump—
24 feet 1 inch.
LOS ANGELES, April 9 (A>). —
Michigan's track and field team, the
most important part of which is
Willis Ward, hurled its threat at
Coach Brutus Hamilton's California
Bears today in its first serious work
out here before their dual meet at
Berkeley Saturday.
Ward, as his coach, Charles Hoyt,
explained, took a light drill during
which he recorded as follows: high
jump—o feet 3'/a inches; 100-yard
dash—9.7 seconds; 120-yard high
hurdles—l4.o seconds; broad jump—
24 feet 1 inch.
LOS ANGELES, April 9 (A>). —
Michigan's track and field team, the
most important part of which is
Willis Ward, hurled its threat at
Coach Brutus Hamilton's California
Bears today in its first serious work
out here before their dual meet at
Berkeley Saturday.
Ward, as his coach, Charles Hoyt,
explained, took a light drill during
which he recorded as follows: high
jump—o feet 3'/a inches; 100-yard
dash—9.7 seconds; 120-yard high
hurdles—l4.o seconds; broad jump—
24 feet 1 inch.
LOS ANGELES, April 9 (A>). —
Michigan's track and field team, the
most important part of which is
Willis Ward, hurled its threat at
Coach Brutus Hamilton's California
Bears today in its first serious work
out here before their dual meet at
Berkeley Saturday.
Ward, as his coach, Charles Hoyt,
explained, took a light drill during
which he recorded as follows: high
jump—o feet 3'/a inches; 100-yard
dash—9.7 seconds; 120-yard high
hurdles—l4.o seconds; broad jump—
24 feet 1 inch.
LOS ANGELES, April 9 (A>). —
Michigan's track and field team, the
most important part of which is
Willis Ward, hurled its threat at
Coach Brutus Hamilton's California
Bears today in its first serious work
out here before their dual meet at
Berkeley Saturday.
Ward, as his coach, Charles Hoyt,
explained, took a light drill during
which he recorded as follows: high
jump—o feet 3'/a inches; 100-yard
dash—9.7 seconds; 120-yard high
hurdles—l4.o seconds; broad jump—
24 feet 1 inch.
LOS ANGELES, April 9 (A>). —
Michigan's track and field team, the
most important part of which is
Willis Ward, hurled its threat at
Coach Brutus Hamilton's California
Bears today in its first serious work
out here before their dual meet at
Berkeley Saturday.
Ward, as his coach, Charles Hoyt,
explained, took a light drill during
which he recorded as follows: high
jump—o feet 3'/a inches; 100-yard
dash—9.7 seconds; 120-yard high
hurdles—l4.o seconds; broad jump—
24 feet 1 inch.
LOS ANGELES, April 9 (A>). —
Michigan's track and field team, the
most important part of which is
Willis Ward, hurled its threat at
Coach Brutus Hamilton's California
Bears today in its first serious work
out here before their dual meet at
Berkeley Saturday.
Ward, as his coach, Charles Hoyt,
explained, took a light drill during
which he recorded as follows: high
jump—o feet 3'/a inches; 100-yard
dash—9.7 seconds; 120-yard high
hurdles—l4.o seconds; broad jump—
24 feet 1 inch.
LOS ANGELES, April 9 (A>). —
Michigan's track and field team, the
most important part of which is
Willis Ward, hurled its threat at
Coach Brutus Hamilton's California
Bears today in its first serious work
out here before their dual meet at
Berkeley Saturday.
Ward, as his coach, Charles Hoyt,
explained, took a light drill during
which he recorded as follows: high
jump—o feet 3'/a inches; 100-yard
dash—9.7 seconds; 120-yard high
hurdles—l4.o seconds; broad jump—
24 feet 1 inch.
LOS ANGELES, April 9 (A>). —
Michigan's track and field team, the
most important part of which is
Willis Ward, hurled its threat at
Coach Brutus Hamilton's California
Bears today in its first serious work
out here before their dual meet at
Berkeley Saturday.
Ward, as his coach, Charles Hoyt,
explained, took a light drill during
which he recorded as follows: high
jump—o feet 3'/a inches; 100-yard
dash—9.7 seconds; 120-yard high
hurdles—l4.o seconds; broad jump—
24 feet 1 inch.
LOS ANGELES, April 9 (A>). —
Michigan's track and field team, the
most important part of which is
Willis Ward, hurled its threat at
Coach Brutus Hamilton's California
Bears today in its first serious work
out here before their dual meet at
Berkeley Saturday.
Ward, as his coach, Charles Hoyt,
explained, took a light drill during
which he recorded as follows: high
jump—o feet 3'/a inches; 100-yard
dash—9.7 seconds; 120-yard high
hurdles—l4.o seconds; broad jump—
24 feet 1 inch.
