# ORDNANCE OFFICERS TAKE TRAINING HERE
## 
### 
Eighteen reserve ordnance officers
assembled from California, Oregon,
and Washington are now undergoing
a two weeks' training period given
annually at Stanford under the su
pervision of the School of Engineer
ing .The men are all graduates either
of Stanford or some other western
university which offers ordnance
commissions in the Reserve Officers
Training Corps.
Eighteen reserve ordnance officers
assembled from California, Oregon,
and Washington are now undergoing
a two weeks' training period given
annually at Stanford under the su
pervision of the School of Engineer
ing .The men are all graduates either
of Stanford or some other western
university which offers ordnance
commissions in the Reserve Officers
Training Corps.
Eighteen reserve ordnance officers
assembled from California, Oregon,
and Washington are now undergoing
a two weeks' training period given
annually at Stanford under the su
pervision of the School of Engineer
ing .The men are all graduates either
of Stanford or some other western
university which offers ordnance
commissions in the Reserve Officers
Training Corps.
Eighteen reserve ordnance officers
assembled from California, Oregon,
and Washington are now undergoing
a two weeks' training period given
annually at Stanford under the su
pervision of the School of Engineer
ing .The men are all graduates either
of Stanford or some other western
university which offers ordnance
commissions in the Reserve Officers
Training Corps.
Eighteen reserve ordnance officers
assembled from California, Oregon,
and Washington are now undergoing
a two weeks' training period given
annually at Stanford under the su
pervision of the School of Engineer
ing .The men are all graduates either
of Stanford or some other western
university which offers ordnance
commissions in the Reserve Officers
Training Corps.
Eighteen reserve ordnance officers
assembled from California, Oregon,
and Washington are now undergoing
a two weeks' training period given
annually at Stanford under the su
pervision of the School of Engineer
ing .The men are all graduates either
of Stanford or some other western
university which offers ordnance
commissions in the Reserve Officers
Training Corps.
Eighteen reserve ordnance officers
assembled from California, Oregon,
and Washington are now undergoing
a two weeks' training period given
annually at Stanford under the su
pervision of the School of Engineer
ing .The men are all graduates either
of Stanford or some other western
university which offers ordnance
commissions in the Reserve Officers
Training Corps.
Eighteen reserve ordnance officers
assembled from California, Oregon,
and Washington are now undergoing
a two weeks' training period given
annually at Stanford under the su
pervision of the School of Engineer
ing .The men are all graduates either
of Stanford or some other western
university which offers ordnance
commissions in the Reserve Officers
Training Corps.
Eighteen reserve ordnance officers
assembled from California, Oregon,
and Washington are now undergoing
a two weeks' training period given
annually at Stanford under the su
pervision of the School of Engineer
ing .The men are all graduates either
of Stanford or some other western
university which offers ordnance
commissions in the Reserve Officers
Training Corps.
Eighteen reserve ordnance officers
assembled from California, Oregon,
and Washington are now undergoing
a two weeks' training period given
annually at Stanford under the su
pervision of the School of Engineer
ing .The men are all graduates either
of Stanford or some other western
university which offers ordnance
commissions in the Reserve Officers
Training Corps.
Eighteen reserve ordnance officers
assembled from California, Oregon,
and Washington are now undergoing
a two weeks' training period given
annually at Stanford under the su
pervision of the School of Engineer
ing .The men are all graduates either
of Stanford or some other western
university which offers ordnance
commissions in the Reserve Officers
Training Corps.
Eighteen reserve ordnance officers
assembled from California, Oregon,
and Washington are now undergoing
a two weeks' training period given
annually at Stanford under the su
pervision of the School of Engineer
ing .The men are all graduates either
of Stanford or some other western
university which offers ordnance
commissions in the Reserve Officers
Training Corps.
Eighteen reserve ordnance officers
assembled from California, Oregon,
and Washington are now undergoing
a two weeks' training period given
annually at Stanford under the su
pervision of the School of Engineer
ing .The men are all graduates either
of Stanford or some other western
university which offers ordnance
commissions in the Reserve Officers
Training Corps.
Eighteen reserve ordnance officers
assembled from California, Oregon,
and Washington are now undergoing
a two weeks' training period given
annually at Stanford under the su
pervision of the School of Engineer
ing .The men are all graduates either
of Stanford or some other western
university which offers ordnance
commissions in the Reserve Officers
Training Corps.
Eighteen reserve ordnance officers
assembled from California, Oregon,
and Washington are now undergoing
a two weeks' training period given
annually at Stanford under the su
pervision of the School of Engineer
ing .The men are all graduates either
of Stanford or some other western
university which offers ordnance
commissions in the Reserve Officers
Training Corps.
