# Y.W.C.A. TO SPONSOR BRIDGE, TAFFY PULL ON FRIDAY EVENING
## 
### 
Lessons in contract bridge will be
Ihc feature of the program of the
Y.W.C.A.'s regular Friday evening
party this evening from 7 to 9 in
the Women's Clubhouse. There will
also he tables for those who prefer
to play or learn lo play auction
bridge, and I hose who do not want
to play bridge at all can make and
pull taffy in the kitchen. All Stan
ford women are invited to the party.
Beth Pillsbury and Francis Johnson
are in charge of the evening's enter
tainment.
Lessons in contract bridge will be
Ihc feature of the program of the
Y.W.C.A.'s regular Friday evening
party this evening from 7 to 9 in
the Women's Clubhouse. There will
also he tables for those who prefer
to play or learn lo play auction
bridge, and I hose who do not want
to play bridge at all can make and
pull taffy in the kitchen. All Stan
ford women are invited to the party.
Beth Pillsbury and Francis Johnson
are in charge of the evening's enter
tainment.
Lessons in contract bridge will be
Ihc feature of the program of the
Y.W.C.A.'s regular Friday evening
party this evening from 7 to 9 in
the Women's Clubhouse. There will
also he tables for those who prefer
to play or learn lo play auction
bridge, and I hose who do not want
to play bridge at all can make and
pull taffy in the kitchen. All Stan
ford women are invited to the party.
Beth Pillsbury and Francis Johnson
are in charge of the evening's enter
tainment.
Lessons in contract bridge will be
Ihc feature of the program of the
Y.W.C.A.'s regular Friday evening
party this evening from 7 to 9 in
the Women's Clubhouse. There will
also he tables for those who prefer
to play or learn lo play auction
bridge, and I hose who do not want
to play bridge at all can make and
pull taffy in the kitchen. All Stan
ford women are invited to the party.
Beth Pillsbury and Francis Johnson
are in charge of the evening's enter
tainment.
Lessons in contract bridge will be
Ihc feature of the program of the
Y.W.C.A.'s regular Friday evening
party this evening from 7 to 9 in
the Women's Clubhouse. There will
also he tables for those who prefer
to play or learn lo play auction
bridge, and I hose who do not want
to play bridge at all can make and
pull taffy in the kitchen. All Stan
ford women are invited to the party.
Beth Pillsbury and Francis Johnson
are in charge of the evening's enter
tainment.
Lessons in contract bridge will be
Ihc feature of the program of the
Y.W.C.A.'s regular Friday evening
party this evening from 7 to 9 in
the Women's Clubhouse. There will
also he tables for those who prefer
to play or learn lo play auction
bridge, and I hose who do not want
to play bridge at all can make and
pull taffy in the kitchen. All Stan
ford women are invited to the party.
Beth Pillsbury and Francis Johnson
are in charge of the evening's enter
tainment.
Lessons in contract bridge will be
Ihc feature of the program of the
Y.W.C.A.'s regular Friday evening
party this evening from 7 to 9 in
the Women's Clubhouse. There will
also he tables for those who prefer
to play or learn lo play auction
bridge, and I hose who do not want
to play bridge at all can make and
pull taffy in the kitchen. All Stan
ford women are invited to the party.
Beth Pillsbury and Francis Johnson
are in charge of the evening's enter
tainment.
Lessons in contract bridge will be
Ihc feature of the program of the
Y.W.C.A.'s regular Friday evening
party this evening from 7 to 9 in
the Women's Clubhouse. There will
also he tables for those who prefer
to play or learn lo play auction
bridge, and I hose who do not want
to play bridge at all can make and
pull taffy in the kitchen. All Stan
ford women are invited to the party.
Beth Pillsbury and Francis Johnson
are in charge of the evening's enter
tainment.
Lessons in contract bridge will be
Ihc feature of the program of the
Y.W.C.A.'s regular Friday evening
party this evening from 7 to 9 in
the Women's Clubhouse. There will
also he tables for those who prefer
to play or learn lo play auction
bridge, and I hose who do not want
to play bridge at all can make and
pull taffy in the kitchen. All Stan
ford women are invited to the party.
Beth Pillsbury and Francis Johnson
are in charge of the evening's enter
tainment.
Lessons in contract bridge will be
Ihc feature of the program of the
Y.W.C.A.'s regular Friday evening
party this evening from 7 to 9 in
the Women's Clubhouse. There will
also he tables for those who prefer
to play or learn lo play auction
bridge, and I hose who do not want
to play bridge at all can make and
pull taffy in the kitchen. All Stan
ford women are invited to the party.
Beth Pillsbury and Francis Johnson
are in charge of the evening's enter
tainment.
Lessons in contract bridge will be
Ihc feature of the program of the
Y.W.C.A.'s regular Friday evening
party this evening from 7 to 9 in
the Women's Clubhouse. There will
also he tables for those who prefer
to play or learn lo play auction
bridge, and I hose who do not want
to play bridge at all can make and
pull taffy in the kitchen. All Stan
ford women are invited to the party.
Beth Pillsbury and Francis Johnson
are in charge of the evening's enter
tainment.
Lessons in contract bridge will be
Ihc feature of the program of the
Y.W.C.A.'s regular Friday evening
party this evening from 7 to 9 in
the Women's Clubhouse. There will
also he tables for those who prefer
to play or learn lo play auction
bridge, and I hose who do not want
to play bridge at all can make and
pull taffy in the kitchen. All Stan
ford women are invited to the party.
Beth Pillsbury and Francis Johnson
are in charge of the evening's enter
tainment.
Lessons in contract bridge will be
Ihc feature of the program of the
Y.W.C.A.'s regular Friday evening
party this evening from 7 to 9 in
the Women's Clubhouse. There will
also he tables for those who prefer
to play or learn lo play auction
bridge, and I hose who do not want
to play bridge at all can make and
pull taffy in the kitchen. All Stan
ford women are invited to the party.
Beth Pillsbury and Francis Johnson
are in charge of the evening's enter
tainment.
Lessons in contract bridge will be
Ihc feature of the program of the
Y.W.C.A.'s regular Friday evening
party this evening from 7 to 9 in
the Women's Clubhouse. There will
also he tables for those who prefer
to play or learn lo play auction
bridge, and I hose who do not want
to play bridge at all can make and
pull taffy in the kitchen. All Stan
ford women are invited to the party.
Beth Pillsbury and Francis Johnson
are in charge of the evening's enter
tainment.
Lessons in contract bridge will be
Ihc feature of the program of the
Y.W.C.A.'s regular Friday evening
party this evening from 7 to 9 in
the Women's Clubhouse. There will
also he tables for those who prefer
to play or learn lo play auction
bridge, and I hose who do not want
to play bridge at all can make and
pull taffy in the kitchen. All Stan
ford women are invited to the party.
Beth Pillsbury and Francis Johnson
are in charge of the evening's enter
tainment.
