# CARDS TO MEET 0. A. C. TEAM FOB POLO TITLE
## 
### 
The Stanford and Oregon Agriculture
College polo teams will clash in two
games on the highway field during the
Tlianksgiving holidays to determine the
Pacific Coast College polo championship,
according to Captain Charles Boyle,
Stanford polo coach. The games will be
called at 3 o'clock Thursday and Saturday
afternoons.
Captain Glen Finley, Oregon coach, and
four Aggie representatives arrived last
night from the North, and practice for
the Thanksgiving games will start this
afternoon on the highway field. The
Northern team will use horses from the
Stanford stables. Tjvo sets of horses of
equal speed have been selected by Captain
Boyle and the visiting team will choose
their set for the coming contests.
Cardinal mallet swingers have made a
strong showing against their several op
ponents during the present season. Prob
ably the best exhibition of the growing
strength of the local four, both in the
offense and the defense, was made in two
games played recently with the Thirtieth
Infantry at San Francisco. The Car
dinals scored 11-5 and 10-5 against what
is considered in army circles one of the
strongest military teams on the coast'. In
an early season game played with the
Oregon Aggies at Corvallis, the Stanford
team defeated them on their home field
10-4.
Captain Boyle will have the Stanford
team hard at work on the practice field
today and tomorrow. On Wednesday he
expects to give them a workout on the
highway turf in preparation for the
Thursday game. The polo coach is well
with the showing the Cards have
I made during the season, especially with
1 the speedy offense- developed.
