# Adv. 25 Page 4
## 
### 
ANTIBIOTICS
KILL
viruses, but how about your
doubts and uncertainties? Ask
the Reverend Dick Byfield your
questions tonight at 7:30 at
Canterbury House, 1176 Emer
son. Cars leave Post Office at
7:15 p.m.
ANTIBIOTICS
KILL
viruses, but how about your
doubts and uncertainties? Ask
the Reverend Dick Byfield your
questions tonight at 7:30 at
Canterbury House, 1176 Emer
son. Cars leave Post Office at
7:15 p.m.
ANTIBIOTICS
KILL
viruses, but how about your
doubts and uncertainties? Ask
the Reverend Dick Byfield your
questions tonight at 7:30 at
Canterbury House, 1176 Emer
son. Cars leave Post Office at
7:15 p.m.
ANTIBIOTICS
KILL
viruses, but how about your
doubts and uncertainties? Ask
the Reverend Dick Byfield your
questions tonight at 7:30 at
Canterbury House, 1176 Emer
son. Cars leave Post Office at
7:15 p.m.
ANTIBIOTICS
KILL
viruses, but how about your
doubts and uncertainties? Ask
the Reverend Dick Byfield your
questions tonight at 7:30 at
Canterbury House, 1176 Emer
son. Cars leave Post Office at
7:15 p.m.
ANTIBIOTICS
KILL
viruses, but how about your
doubts and uncertainties? Ask
the Reverend Dick Byfield your
questions tonight at 7:30 at
Canterbury House, 1176 Emer
son. Cars leave Post Office at
7:15 p.m.
ANTIBIOTICS
KILL
viruses, but how about your
doubts and uncertainties? Ask
the Reverend Dick Byfield your
questions tonight at 7:30 at
Canterbury House, 1176 Emer
son. Cars leave Post Office at
7:15 p.m.
ANTIBIOTICS
KILL
viruses, but how about your
doubts and uncertainties? Ask
the Reverend Dick Byfield your
questions tonight at 7:30 at
Canterbury House, 1176 Emer
son. Cars leave Post Office at
7:15 p.m.
ANTIBIOTICS
KILL
viruses, but how about your
doubts and uncertainties? Ask
the Reverend Dick Byfield your
questions tonight at 7:30 at
Canterbury House, 1176 Emer
son. Cars leave Post Office at
7:15 p.m.
ANTIBIOTICS
KILL
viruses, but how about your
doubts and uncertainties? Ask
the Reverend Dick Byfield your
questions tonight at 7:30 at
Canterbury House, 1176 Emer
son. Cars leave Post Office at
7:15 p.m.
ANTIBIOTICS
KILL
viruses, but how about your
doubts and uncertainties? Ask
the Reverend Dick Byfield your
questions tonight at 7:30 at
Canterbury House, 1176 Emer
son. Cars leave Post Office at
7:15 p.m.
ANTIBIOTICS
KILL
viruses, but how about your
doubts and uncertainties? Ask
the Reverend Dick Byfield your
questions tonight at 7:30 at
Canterbury House, 1176 Emer
son. Cars leave Post Office at
7:15 p.m.
ANTIBIOTICS
KILL
viruses, but how about your
doubts and uncertainties? Ask
the Reverend Dick Byfield your
questions tonight at 7:30 at
Canterbury House, 1176 Emer
son. Cars leave Post Office at
7:15 p.m.
ANTIBIOTICS
KILL
viruses, but how about your
doubts and uncertainties? Ask
the Reverend Dick Byfield your
questions tonight at 7:30 at
Canterbury House, 1176 Emer
son. Cars leave Post Office at
7:15 p.m.
ANTIBIOTICS
KILL
viruses, but how about your
doubts and uncertainties? Ask
the Reverend Dick Byfield your
questions tonight at 7:30 at
Canterbury House, 1176 Emer
son. Cars leave Post Office at
7:15 p.m.
