# Matinee to Feature 'Duckling'
## 
### 
Students from the Palo Alto High
School will present A. A. Milne's
one-act fantasy "The Ugly Duck
ling" at tomorrow afternoon's The
ater Matinee. The show time is 4:15
in the Little Theater.
Included in the cast are Bill

Crothers, Jeanne Went worth, Hohn
Corcoran, Suzi Linn, Richard Peck,
Bob Kefauver, and Arlene BolLiger.
The play is directed by Robert Ban
der.
The program is open to the public
without charge.
Students from the Palo Alto High
School will present A. A. Milne's
one-act fantasy "The Ugly Duck
ling" at tomorrow afternoon's The
ater Matinee. The show time is 4:15
in the Little Theater.
Included in the cast are Bill

Crothers, Jeanne Went worth, Hohn
Corcoran, Suzi Linn, Richard Peck,
Bob Kefauver, and Arlene BolLiger.
The play is directed by Robert Ban
der.
The program is open to the public
without charge.
Students from the Palo Alto High
School will present A. A. Milne's
one-act fantasy "The Ugly Duck
ling" at tomorrow afternoon's The
ater Matinee. The show time is 4:15
in the Little Theater.
Included in the cast are Bill

Crothers, Jeanne Went worth, Hohn
Corcoran, Suzi Linn, Richard Peck,
Bob Kefauver, and Arlene BolLiger.
The play is directed by Robert Ban
der.
The program is open to the public
without charge.
Students from the Palo Alto High
School will present A. A. Milne's
one-act fantasy "The Ugly Duck
ling" at tomorrow afternoon's The
ater Matinee. The show time is 4:15
in the Little Theater.
Included in the cast are Bill

Crothers, Jeanne Went worth, Hohn
Corcoran, Suzi Linn, Richard Peck,
Bob Kefauver, and Arlene BolLiger.
The play is directed by Robert Ban
der.
The program is open to the public
without charge.
Students from the Palo Alto High
School will present A. A. Milne's
one-act fantasy "The Ugly Duck
ling" at tomorrow afternoon's The
ater Matinee. The show time is 4:15
in the Little Theater.
Included in the cast are Bill

Crothers, Jeanne Went worth, Hohn
Corcoran, Suzi Linn, Richard Peck,
Bob Kefauver, and Arlene BolLiger.
The play is directed by Robert Ban
der.
The program is open to the public
without charge.
Students from the Palo Alto High
School will present A. A. Milne's
one-act fantasy "The Ugly Duck
ling" at tomorrow afternoon's The
ater Matinee. The show time is 4:15
in the Little Theater.
Included in the cast are Bill

Crothers, Jeanne Went worth, Hohn
Corcoran, Suzi Linn, Richard Peck,
Bob Kefauver, and Arlene BolLiger.
The play is directed by Robert Ban
der.
The program is open to the public
without charge.
Students from the Palo Alto High
School will present A. A. Milne's
one-act fantasy "The Ugly Duck
ling" at tomorrow afternoon's The
ater Matinee. The show time is 4:15
in the Little Theater.
Included in the cast are Bill

Crothers, Jeanne Went worth, Hohn
Corcoran, Suzi Linn, Richard Peck,
Bob Kefauver, and Arlene BolLiger.
The play is directed by Robert Ban
der.
The program is open to the public
without charge.
Students from the Palo Alto High
School will present A. A. Milne's
one-act fantasy "The Ugly Duck
ling" at tomorrow afternoon's The
ater Matinee. The show time is 4:15
in the Little Theater.
Included in the cast are Bill

Crothers, Jeanne Went worth, Hohn
Corcoran, Suzi Linn, Richard Peck,
Bob Kefauver, and Arlene BolLiger.
The play is directed by Robert Ban
der.
The program is open to the public
without charge.
Students from the Palo Alto High
School will present A. A. Milne's
one-act fantasy "The Ugly Duck
ling" at tomorrow afternoon's The
ater Matinee. The show time is 4:15
in the Little Theater.
Included in the cast are Bill

Crothers, Jeanne Went worth, Hohn
Corcoran, Suzi Linn, Richard Peck,
Bob Kefauver, and Arlene BolLiger.
The play is directed by Robert Ban
der.
The program is open to the public
without charge.
Students from the Palo Alto High
School will present A. A. Milne's
one-act fantasy "The Ugly Duck
ling" at tomorrow afternoon's The
ater Matinee. The show time is 4:15
in the Little Theater.
Included in the cast are Bill

Crothers, Jeanne Went worth, Hohn
Corcoran, Suzi Linn, Richard Peck,
Bob Kefauver, and Arlene BolLiger.
The play is directed by Robert Ban
der.
The program is open to the public
without charge.
Students from the Palo Alto High
School will present A. A. Milne's
one-act fantasy "The Ugly Duck
ling" at tomorrow afternoon's The
ater Matinee. The show time is 4:15
in the Little Theater.
Included in the cast are Bill

Crothers, Jeanne Went worth, Hohn
Corcoran, Suzi Linn, Richard Peck,
Bob Kefauver, and Arlene BolLiger.
The play is directed by Robert Ban
der.
The program is open to the public
without charge.
Students from the Palo Alto High
School will present A. A. Milne's
one-act fantasy "The Ugly Duck
ling" at tomorrow afternoon's The
ater Matinee. The show time is 4:15
in the Little Theater.
Included in the cast are Bill

Crothers, Jeanne Went worth, Hohn
Corcoran, Suzi Linn, Richard Peck,
Bob Kefauver, and Arlene BolLiger.
The play is directed by Robert Ban
der.
The program is open to the public
without charge.
Students from the Palo Alto High
School will present A. A. Milne's
one-act fantasy "The Ugly Duck
ling" at tomorrow afternoon's The
ater Matinee. The show time is 4:15
in the Little Theater.
Included in the cast are Bill

Crothers, Jeanne Went worth, Hohn
Corcoran, Suzi Linn, Richard Peck,
Bob Kefauver, and Arlene BolLiger.
The play is directed by Robert Ban
der.
The program is open to the public
without charge.
Students from the Palo Alto High
School will present A. A. Milne's
one-act fantasy "The Ugly Duck
ling" at tomorrow afternoon's The
ater Matinee. The show time is 4:15
in the Little Theater.
Included in the cast are Bill

Crothers, Jeanne Went worth, Hohn
Corcoran, Suzi Linn, Richard Peck,
Bob Kefauver, and Arlene BolLiger.
The play is directed by Robert Ban
der.
The program is open to the public
without charge.
Students from the Palo Alto High
School will present A. A. Milne's
one-act fantasy "The Ugly Duck
ling" at tomorrow afternoon's The
ater Matinee. The show time is 4:15
in the Little Theater.
Included in the cast are Bill

Crothers, Jeanne Went worth, Hohn
Corcoran, Suzi Linn, Richard Peck,
Bob Kefauver, and Arlene BolLiger.
The play is directed by Robert Ban
der.
The program is open to the public
without charge.
