# Adv. 44 Page 12
## 
### 
David Harris will speak in
Memorial Church on Saturday
night at 8:00.
David Harris will speak in
Memorial Church on Saturday
night at 8:00.
David Harris will speak in
Memorial Church on Saturday
night at 8:00.
David Harris will speak in
Memorial Church on Saturday
night at 8:00.
David Harris will speak in
Memorial Church on Saturday
night at 8:00.
David Harris will speak in
Memorial Church on Saturday
night at 8:00.
David Harris will speak in
Memorial Church on Saturday
night at 8:00.
David Harris will speak in
Memorial Church on Saturday
night at 8:00.
David Harris will speak in
Memorial Church on Saturday
night at 8:00.
David Harris will speak in
Memorial Church on Saturday
night at 8:00.
David Harris will speak in
Memorial Church on Saturday
night at 8:00.
David Harris will speak in
Memorial Church on Saturday
night at 8:00.
David Harris will speak in
Memorial Church on Saturday
night at 8:00.
