# Adv. 46 Page 12
## 
### 
Allard Lowenstein will appear at
7:30 p.m. on Sunday, April 4, in
Branner Hall, to speak on the
voter registration drive among
young people to end the war.
Allard Lowenstein will appear at
7:30 p.m. on Sunday, April 4, in
Branner Hall, to speak on the
voter registration drive among
young people to end the war.
Allard Lowenstein will appear at
7:30 p.m. on Sunday, April 4, in
Branner Hall, to speak on the
voter registration drive among
young people to end the war.
Allard Lowenstein will appear at
7:30 p.m. on Sunday, April 4, in
Branner Hall, to speak on the
voter registration drive among
young people to end the war.
Allard Lowenstein will appear at
7:30 p.m. on Sunday, April 4, in
Branner Hall, to speak on the
voter registration drive among
young people to end the war.
Allard Lowenstein will appear at
7:30 p.m. on Sunday, April 4, in
Branner Hall, to speak on the
voter registration drive among
young people to end the war.
Allard Lowenstein will appear at
7:30 p.m. on Sunday, April 4, in
Branner Hall, to speak on the
voter registration drive among
young people to end the war.
Allard Lowenstein will appear at
7:30 p.m. on Sunday, April 4, in
Branner Hall, to speak on the
voter registration drive among
young people to end the war.
Allard Lowenstein will appear at
7:30 p.m. on Sunday, April 4, in
Branner Hall, to speak on the
voter registration drive among
young people to end the war.
Allard Lowenstein will appear at
7:30 p.m. on Sunday, April 4, in
Branner Hall, to speak on the
voter registration drive among
young people to end the war.
Allard Lowenstein will appear at
7:30 p.m. on Sunday, April 4, in
Branner Hall, to speak on the
voter registration drive among
young people to end the war.
Allard Lowenstein will appear at
7:30 p.m. on Sunday, April 4, in
Branner Hall, to speak on the
voter registration drive among
young people to end the war.
Allard Lowenstein will appear at
7:30 p.m. on Sunday, April 4, in
Branner Hall, to speak on the
voter registration drive among
young people to end the war.
