# Shell to Expand Summer Program
## 
### 
The Shell Companies Founda
tion, Inc., is expanding the Shell
Seminar for High School Science
and Mathematics Teachers at
Stanford from 30 to 45 fellows.
The foundation has granted the
University $71,650 to conduct the
eight-week program this coming
summer.
The program, inaugurated last
year, has been extended to teach
ers of western Canada in addition
to those in states west of the Mis
sissippi River, it was explained
by the co-ordinator, Professor
Paul Dell. Hurd of the Stanford
School of Education.
Each fellow will receive full
tuition, board and room, $150
travel allowance, $15 for books
and $500 cash for loss of poten
tial summer income.
