# MECHANICS WILL BE SUBJECT TO LECTURE
## 
### 
"Old and New Mechanics" will be the
subject of a lecture at the Faculty Club
house at 7:30 this evening by Dr. H, A.
Lorentz of Leyden. The new mechanics,
dealing with phenomena of extremely
rapid motion and with bodies of suba
tomic size, has developed in the last
few decades, in a manner most surpris
ing to those who thought that Newton
had formulated the complete system of
mechanics, two and a half centuries ago.
Dr. Lorentz shares with Fitzgerald the
honor of having made the first discovery
in the new mechanics, and he has been
one of the most active investigators in
it from the beginning. In this lecture
he will discuss not only the points of
most importance to the physicist, but
its applications to chemistry and biology
as well. The lecture will be open to the
public.
