# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—One hundred and fifty students
were dropped from the State Uni
versity on account of deficient
scholarship. Of this number fifty
eight are freshmen, eight being
members of the freshman football
team.
—One hundred and fifty students
were dropped from the State Uni
versity on account of deficient
scholarship. Of this number fifty
eight are freshmen, eight being
members of the freshman football
team.
—One hundred and fifty students
were dropped from the State Uni
versity on account of deficient
scholarship. Of this number fifty
eight are freshmen, eight being
members of the freshman football
team.
—One hundred and fifty students
were dropped from the State Uni
versity on account of deficient
scholarship. Of this number fifty
eight are freshmen, eight being
members of the freshman football
team.
—One hundred and fifty students
were dropped from the State Uni
versity on account of deficient
scholarship. Of this number fifty
eight are freshmen, eight being
members of the freshman football
team.
—One hundred and fifty students
were dropped from the State Uni
versity on account of deficient
scholarship. Of this number fifty
eight are freshmen, eight being
members of the freshman football
team.
—One hundred and fifty students
were dropped from the State Uni
versity on account of deficient
scholarship. Of this number fifty
eight are freshmen, eight being
members of the freshman football
team.
—One hundred and fifty students
were dropped from the State Uni
versity on account of deficient
scholarship. Of this number fifty
eight are freshmen, eight being
members of the freshman football
team.
