# Quads.
## 
### 
—Fifteen hundred hassocks have
arrived at the Memorial Church
for use in the pews.
—C. A. Whitmore, ex-'O2, editor
of the Oxnard Courier, visited at
the Chi Psi house Saturday and
Sunday.
—Mr. Murray Harris of Los An
geles, who built the Stanford or
gan, accompanied by Mrs. Harris,
and Mr. Tilton, a musician of San
Francisco, were on the campus to
day.
—Fifteen hundred hassocks have
arrived at the Memorial Church
for use in the pews.
—C. A. Whitmore, ex-'O2, editor
of the Oxnard Courier, visited at
the Chi Psi house Saturday and
Sunday.
—Mr. Murray Harris of Los An
geles, who built the Stanford or
gan, accompanied by Mrs. Harris,
and Mr. Tilton, a musician of San
Francisco, were on the campus to
day.
—Fifteen hundred hassocks have
arrived at the Memorial Church
for use in the pews.
—C. A. Whitmore, ex-'O2, editor
of the Oxnard Courier, visited at
the Chi Psi house Saturday and
Sunday.
—Mr. Murray Harris of Los An
geles, who built the Stanford or
gan, accompanied by Mrs. Harris,
and Mr. Tilton, a musician of San
Francisco, were on the campus to
day.
—Fifteen hundred hassocks have
arrived at the Memorial Church
for use in the pews.
—C. A. Whitmore, ex-'O2, editor
of the Oxnard Courier, visited at
the Chi Psi house Saturday and
Sunday.
—Mr. Murray Harris of Los An
geles, who built the Stanford or
gan, accompanied by Mrs. Harris,
and Mr. Tilton, a musician of San
Francisco, were on the campus to
day.
—Fifteen hundred hassocks have
arrived at the Memorial Church
for use in the pews.
—C. A. Whitmore, ex-'O2, editor
of the Oxnard Courier, visited at
the Chi Psi house Saturday and
Sunday.
—Mr. Murray Harris of Los An
geles, who built the Stanford or
gan, accompanied by Mrs. Harris,
and Mr. Tilton, a musician of San
Francisco, were on the campus to
day.
—Fifteen hundred hassocks have
arrived at the Memorial Church
for use in the pews.
—C. A. Whitmore, ex-'O2, editor
of the Oxnard Courier, visited at
the Chi Psi house Saturday and
Sunday.
—Mr. Murray Harris of Los An
geles, who built the Stanford or
gan, accompanied by Mrs. Harris,
and Mr. Tilton, a musician of San
Francisco, were on the campus to
day.
—Fifteen hundred hassocks have
arrived at the Memorial Church
for use in the pews.
—C. A. Whitmore, ex-'O2, editor
of the Oxnard Courier, visited at
the Chi Psi house Saturday and
Sunday.
—Mr. Murray Harris of Los An
geles, who built the Stanford or
gan, accompanied by Mrs. Harris,
and Mr. Tilton, a musician of San
Francisco, were on the campus to
day.
—Fifteen hundred hassocks have
arrived at the Memorial Church
for use in the pews.
—C. A. Whitmore, ex-'O2, editor
of the Oxnard Courier, visited at
the Chi Psi house Saturday and
Sunday.
—Mr. Murray Harris of Los An
geles, who built the Stanford or
gan, accompanied by Mrs. Harris,
and Mr. Tilton, a musician of San
Francisco, were on the campus to
day.
