# Adv. 2 Page 2
## 
### 
KITTY
CORNER
from the Stanford Bank, a
half block below the circle,
is the most-convenient-to-the
campus pharmacy. You'll like
the
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
KITTY
CORNER
from the Stanford Bank, a
half block below the circle,
is the most-convenient-to-the
campus pharmacy. You'll like
the
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
KITTY
CORNER
from the Stanford Bank, a
half block below the circle,
is the most-convenient-to-the
campus pharmacy. You'll like
the
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
KITTY
CORNER
from the Stanford Bank, a
half block below the circle,
is the most-convenient-to-the
campus pharmacy. You'll like
the
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
KITTY
CORNER
from the Stanford Bank, a
half block below the circle,
is the most-convenient-to-the
campus pharmacy. You'll like
the
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
KITTY
CORNER
from the Stanford Bank, a
half block below the circle,
is the most-convenient-to-the
campus pharmacy. You'll like
the
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
KITTY
CORNER
from the Stanford Bank, a
half block below the circle,
is the most-convenient-to-the
campus pharmacy. You'll like
the
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
KITTY
CORNER
from the Stanford Bank, a
half block below the circle,
is the most-convenient-to-the
campus pharmacy. You'll like
the
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
KITTY
CORNER
from the Stanford Bank, a
half block below the circle,
is the most-convenient-to-the
campus pharmacy. You'll like
the
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
KITTY
CORNER
from the Stanford Bank, a
half block below the circle,
is the most-convenient-to-the
campus pharmacy. You'll like
the
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
KITTY
CORNER
from the Stanford Bank, a
half block below the circle,
is the most-convenient-to-the
campus pharmacy. You'll like
the
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
KITTY
CORNER
from the Stanford Bank, a
half block below the circle,
is the most-convenient-to-the
campus pharmacy. You'll like
the
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
KITTY
CORNER
from the Stanford Bank, a
half block below the circle,
is the most-convenient-to-the
campus pharmacy. You'll like
the
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
KITTY
CORNER
from the Stanford Bank, a
half block below the circle,
is the most-convenient-to-the
campus pharmacy. You'll like
the
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
KITTY
CORNER
from the Stanford Bank, a
half block below the circle,
is the most-convenient-to-the
campus pharmacy. You'll like
the
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
KITTY
CORNER
from the Stanford Bank, a
half block below the circle,
is the most-convenient-to-the
campus pharmacy. You'll like
the
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 University Ave.
