# Land use hearing
## 
### 
A public presentation of the draft of the University's re
vised land use plan will take place tonight in Kresge
Auditorium at 7:45 p.m. The presentation will include pro
posed changes in the University's Land Use Policy of 1974,
maps illustrating possible land uses five and thirty years
in the future, and a detailed analysis of the environmental
sensitivity of the University's open foothills properties.
A public presentation of the draft of the University's re
vised land use plan will take place tonight in Kresge
Auditorium at 7:45 p.m. The presentation will include pro
posed changes in the University's Land Use Policy of 1974,
maps illustrating possible land uses five and thirty years
in the future, and a detailed analysis of the environmental
sensitivity of the University's open foothills properties.
A public presentation of the draft of the University's re
vised land use plan will take place tonight in Kresge
Auditorium at 7:45 p.m. The presentation will include pro
posed changes in the University's Land Use Policy of 1974,
maps illustrating possible land uses five and thirty years
in the future, and a detailed analysis of the environmental
sensitivity of the University's open foothills properties.
A public presentation of the draft of the University's re
vised land use plan will take place tonight in Kresge
Auditorium at 7:45 p.m. The presentation will include pro
posed changes in the University's Land Use Policy of 1974,
maps illustrating possible land uses five and thirty years
in the future, and a detailed analysis of the environmental
sensitivity of the University's open foothills properties.
A public presentation of the draft of the University's re
vised land use plan will take place tonight in Kresge
Auditorium at 7:45 p.m. The presentation will include pro
posed changes in the University's Land Use Policy of 1974,
maps illustrating possible land uses five and thirty years
in the future, and a detailed analysis of the environmental
sensitivity of the University's open foothills properties.
A public presentation of the draft of the University's re
vised land use plan will take place tonight in Kresge
Auditorium at 7:45 p.m. The presentation will include pro
posed changes in the University's Land Use Policy of 1974,
maps illustrating possible land uses five and thirty years
in the future, and a detailed analysis of the environmental
sensitivity of the University's open foothills properties.
A public presentation of the draft of the University's re
vised land use plan will take place tonight in Kresge
Auditorium at 7:45 p.m. The presentation will include pro
posed changes in the University's Land Use Policy of 1974,
maps illustrating possible land uses five and thirty years
in the future, and a detailed analysis of the environmental
sensitivity of the University's open foothills properties.
A public presentation of the draft of the University's re
vised land use plan will take place tonight in Kresge
Auditorium at 7:45 p.m. The presentation will include pro
posed changes in the University's Land Use Policy of 1974,
maps illustrating possible land uses five and thirty years
in the future, and a detailed analysis of the environmental
sensitivity of the University's open foothills properties.
A public presentation of the draft of the University's re
vised land use plan will take place tonight in Kresge
Auditorium at 7:45 p.m. The presentation will include pro
posed changes in the University's Land Use Policy of 1974,
maps illustrating possible land uses five and thirty years
in the future, and a detailed analysis of the environmental
sensitivity of the University's open foothills properties.
