# nes Cops Two Mat owns; Cards Fourth
## 
### 
tanford's Vern Jones, 136-pound
tman, earned himself two wrest
; titles in the past month by
ining his class matches in the
ific Coast Tournament at Berke-
Marth 18-19, and the Far West-
AAU championships at Oakland,
rch 4-5.
i the Pacific Coast Tourney,
nford finished fourth, behind
shinj,ton State, UCLA, and Cali
lia, in that order. Dan Winston,
ly wrestling expert, notched sec
place in the 145-pound class.
Kut less ended the Card scoring
snaring third place in the 155-
t.nd class.
tanford's Vern Jones, 136-pound
tman, earned himself two wrest
; titles in the past month by
ining his class matches in the
ific Coast Tournament at Berke-
Marth 18-19, and the Far West-
AAU championships at Oakland,
rch 4-5.
i the Pacific Coast Tourney,
nford finished fourth, behind
shinj,ton State, UCLA, and Cali
lia, in that order. Dan Winston,
ly wrestling expert, notched sec
place in the 145-pound class.
Kut less ended the Card scoring
snaring third place in the 155-
t.nd class.
tanford's Vern Jones, 136-pound
tman, earned himself two wrest
; titles in the past month by
ining his class matches in the
ific Coast Tournament at Berke-
Marth 18-19, and the Far West-
AAU championships at Oakland,
rch 4-5.
i the Pacific Coast Tourney,
nford finished fourth, behind
shinj,ton State, UCLA, and Cali
lia, in that order. Dan Winston,
ly wrestling expert, notched sec
place in the 145-pound class.
Kut less ended the Card scoring
snaring third place in the 155-
t.nd class.
tanford's Vern Jones, 136-pound
tman, earned himself two wrest
; titles in the past month by
ining his class matches in the
ific Coast Tournament at Berke-
Marth 18-19, and the Far West-
AAU championships at Oakland,
rch 4-5.
i the Pacific Coast Tourney,
nford finished fourth, behind
shinj,ton State, UCLA, and Cali
lia, in that order. Dan Winston,
ly wrestling expert, notched sec
place in the 145-pound class.
Kut less ended the Card scoring
snaring third place in the 155-
t.nd class.
tanford's Vern Jones, 136-pound
tman, earned himself two wrest
; titles in the past month by
ining his class matches in the
ific Coast Tournament at Berke-
Marth 18-19, and the Far West-
AAU championships at Oakland,
rch 4-5.
i the Pacific Coast Tourney,
nford finished fourth, behind
shinj,ton State, UCLA, and Cali
lia, in that order. Dan Winston,
ly wrestling expert, notched sec
place in the 145-pound class.
Kut less ended the Card scoring
snaring third place in the 155-
t.nd class.
tanford's Vern Jones, 136-pound
tman, earned himself two wrest
; titles in the past month by
ining his class matches in the
ific Coast Tournament at Berke-
Marth 18-19, and the Far West-
AAU championships at Oakland,
rch 4-5.
i the Pacific Coast Tourney,
nford finished fourth, behind
shinj,ton State, UCLA, and Cali
lia, in that order. Dan Winston,
ly wrestling expert, notched sec
place in the 145-pound class.
Kut less ended the Card scoring
snaring third place in the 155-
t.nd class.
tanford's Vern Jones, 136-pound
tman, earned himself two wrest
; titles in the past month by
ining his class matches in the
ific Coast Tournament at Berke-
Marth 18-19, and the Far West-
AAU championships at Oakland,
rch 4-5.
i the Pacific Coast Tourney,
nford finished fourth, behind
shinj,ton State, UCLA, and Cali
lia, in that order. Dan Winston,
ly wrestling expert, notched sec
place in the 145-pound class.
Kut less ended the Card scoring
snaring third place in the 155-
t.nd class.
tanford's Vern Jones, 136-pound
tman, earned himself two wrest
; titles in the past month by
ining his class matches in the
ific Coast Tournament at Berke-
Marth 18-19, and the Far West-
AAU championships at Oakland,
rch 4-5.
i the Pacific Coast Tourney,
nford finished fourth, behind
shinj,ton State, UCLA, and Cali
lia, in that order. Dan Winston,
ly wrestling expert, notched sec
place in the 145-pound class.
Kut less ended the Card scoring
snaring third place in the 155-
t.nd class.
tanford's Vern Jones, 136-pound
tman, earned himself two wrest
; titles in the past month by
ining his class matches in the
ific Coast Tournament at Berke-
Marth 18-19, and the Far West-
AAU championships at Oakland,
rch 4-5.
i the Pacific Coast Tourney,
nford finished fourth, behind
shinj,ton State, UCLA, and Cali
lia, in that order. Dan Winston,
ly wrestling expert, notched sec
place in the 145-pound class.
Kut less ended the Card scoring
snaring third place in the 155-
t.nd class.
tanford's Vern Jones, 136-pound
tman, earned himself two wrest
; titles in the past month by
ining his class matches in the
ific Coast Tournament at Berke-
Marth 18-19, and the Far West-
AAU championships at Oakland,
rch 4-5.
i the Pacific Coast Tourney,
nford finished fourth, behind
shinj,ton State, UCLA, and Cali
lia, in that order. Dan Winston,
ly wrestling expert, notched sec
place in the 145-pound class.
Kut less ended the Card scoring
snaring third place in the 155-
t.nd class.
tanford's Vern Jones, 136-pound
tman, earned himself two wrest
; titles in the past month by
ining his class matches in the
ific Coast Tournament at Berke-
Marth 18-19, and the Far West-
AAU championships at Oakland,
rch 4-5.
i the Pacific Coast Tourney,
nford finished fourth, behind
shinj,ton State, UCLA, and Cali
lia, in that order. Dan Winston,
ly wrestling expert, notched sec
place in the 145-pound class.
Kut less ended the Card scoring
snaring third place in the 155-
t.nd class.
tanford's Vern Jones, 136-pound
tman, earned himself two wrest
; titles in the past month by
ining his class matches in the
ific Coast Tournament at Berke-
Marth 18-19, and the Far West-
AAU championships at Oakland,
rch 4-5.
i the Pacific Coast Tourney,
nford finished fourth, behind
shinj,ton State, UCLA, and Cali
lia, in that order. Dan Winston,
ly wrestling expert, notched sec
place in the 145-pound class.
Kut less ended the Card scoring
snaring third place in the 155-
t.nd class.
tanford's Vern Jones, 136-pound
tman, earned himself two wrest
; titles in the past month by
ining his class matches in the
ific Coast Tournament at Berke-
Marth 18-19, and the Far West-
AAU championships at Oakland,
rch 4-5.
i the Pacific Coast Tourney,
nford finished fourth, behind
shinj,ton State, UCLA, and Cali
lia, in that order. Dan Winston,
ly wrestling expert, notched sec
place in the 145-pound class.
Kut less ended the Card scoring
snaring third place in the 155-
t.nd class.
tanford's Vern Jones, 136-pound
tman, earned himself two wrest
; titles in the past month by
ining his class matches in the
ific Coast Tournament at Berke-
Marth 18-19, and the Far West-
AAU championships at Oakland,
rch 4-5.
i the Pacific Coast Tourney,
nford finished fourth, behind
shinj,ton State, UCLA, and Cali
lia, in that order. Dan Winston,
ly wrestling expert, notched sec
place in the 145-pound class.
Kut less ended the Card scoring
snaring third place in the 155-
t.nd class.
tanford's Vern Jones, 136-pound
tman, earned himself two wrest
; titles in the past month by
ining his class matches in the
ific Coast Tournament at Berke-
Marth 18-19, and the Far West-
AAU championships at Oakland,
rch 4-5.
i the Pacific Coast Tourney,
nford finished fourth, behind
shinj,ton State, UCLA, and Cali
lia, in that order. Dan Winston,
ly wrestling expert, notched sec
place in the 145-pound class.
Kut less ended the Card scoring
snaring third place in the 155-
t.nd class.
