# Press Will Publish Bailey Willis's Book
## 
### 
'"Friendly China," written by the
late Dr. Bailey Willis, professor of
geology emeritus, will be ofT the
Stanford press sometime this spring.
This book is the last that Dr. Willis
wrote before his death Feb. 19.
'"Friendly China," written by the
late Dr. Bailey Willis, professor of
geology emeritus, will be ofT the
Stanford press sometime this spring.
This book is the last that Dr. Willis
wrote before his death Feb. 19.
'"Friendly China," written by the
late Dr. Bailey Willis, professor of
geology emeritus, will be ofT the
Stanford press sometime this spring.
This book is the last that Dr. Willis
wrote before his death Feb. 19.
'"Friendly China," written by the
late Dr. Bailey Willis, professor of
geology emeritus, will be ofT the
Stanford press sometime this spring.
This book is the last that Dr. Willis
wrote before his death Feb. 19.
'"Friendly China," written by the
late Dr. Bailey Willis, professor of
geology emeritus, will be ofT the
Stanford press sometime this spring.
This book is the last that Dr. Willis
wrote before his death Feb. 19.
'"Friendly China," written by the
late Dr. Bailey Willis, professor of
geology emeritus, will be ofT the
Stanford press sometime this spring.
This book is the last that Dr. Willis
wrote before his death Feb. 19.
'"Friendly China," written by the
late Dr. Bailey Willis, professor of
geology emeritus, will be ofT the
Stanford press sometime this spring.
This book is the last that Dr. Willis
wrote before his death Feb. 19.
'"Friendly China," written by the
late Dr. Bailey Willis, professor of
geology emeritus, will be ofT the
Stanford press sometime this spring.
This book is the last that Dr. Willis
wrote before his death Feb. 19.
'"Friendly China," written by the
late Dr. Bailey Willis, professor of
geology emeritus, will be ofT the
Stanford press sometime this spring.
This book is the last that Dr. Willis
wrote before his death Feb. 19.
'"Friendly China," written by the
late Dr. Bailey Willis, professor of
geology emeritus, will be ofT the
Stanford press sometime this spring.
This book is the last that Dr. Willis
wrote before his death Feb. 19.
'"Friendly China," written by the
late Dr. Bailey Willis, professor of
geology emeritus, will be ofT the
Stanford press sometime this spring.
This book is the last that Dr. Willis
wrote before his death Feb. 19.
'"Friendly China," written by the
late Dr. Bailey Willis, professor of
geology emeritus, will be ofT the
Stanford press sometime this spring.
This book is the last that Dr. Willis
wrote before his death Feb. 19.
'"Friendly China," written by the
late Dr. Bailey Willis, professor of
geology emeritus, will be ofT the
Stanford press sometime this spring.
This book is the last that Dr. Willis
wrote before his death Feb. 19.
'"Friendly China," written by the
late Dr. Bailey Willis, professor of
geology emeritus, will be ofT the
Stanford press sometime this spring.
This book is the last that Dr. Willis
wrote before his death Feb. 19.
'"Friendly China," written by the
late Dr. Bailey Willis, professor of
geology emeritus, will be ofT the
Stanford press sometime this spring.
This book is the last that Dr. Willis
wrote before his death Feb. 19.
