# Adv. 161 Page 46
## 
### 
UQL
Jewelers
for their
Diamond King*
BECAUSE:
I hey have shopped and
compared and have found
('.arlyle's prices are never
and in most
instances are suhslantiall\
lower than prices
elsewhere — for the saute
quality diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20\
SAVE 10', '
with ASSU card.
See our complete
selection of
Engagement Rings
from J3MT*
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
UQL
Jewelers
for their
Diamond King*
BECAUSE:
I hey have shopped and
compared and have found
('.arlyle's prices are never
and in most
instances are suhslantiall\
lower than prices
elsewhere — for the saute
quality diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20\
SAVE 10', '
with ASSU card.
See our complete
selection of
Engagement Rings
from J3MT*
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
UQL
Jewelers
for their
Diamond King*
BECAUSE:
I hey have shopped and
compared and have found
('.arlyle's prices are never
and in most
instances are suhslantiall\
lower than prices
elsewhere — for the saute
quality diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20\
SAVE 10', '
with ASSU card.
See our complete
selection of
Engagement Rings
from J3MT*
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
UQL
Jewelers
for their
Diamond King*
BECAUSE:
I hey have shopped and
compared and have found
('.arlyle's prices are never
and in most
instances are suhslantiall\
lower than prices
elsewhere — for the saute
quality diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20\
SAVE 10', '
with ASSU card.
See our complete
selection of
Engagement Rings
from J3MT*
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
UQL
Jewelers
for their
Diamond King*
BECAUSE:
I hey have shopped and
compared and have found
('.arlyle's prices are never
and in most
instances are suhslantiall\
lower than prices
elsewhere — for the saute
quality diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20\
SAVE 10', '
with ASSU card.
See our complete
selection of
Engagement Rings
from J3MT*
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
UQL
Jewelers
for their
Diamond King*
BECAUSE:
I hey have shopped and
compared and have found
('.arlyle's prices are never
and in most
instances are suhslantiall\
lower than prices
elsewhere — for the saute
quality diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20\
SAVE 10', '
with ASSU card.
See our complete
selection of
Engagement Rings
from J3MT*
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
UQL
Jewelers
for their
Diamond King*
BECAUSE:
I hey have shopped and
compared and have found
('.arlyle's prices are never
and in most
instances are suhslantiall\
lower than prices
elsewhere — for the saute
quality diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20\
SAVE 10', '
with ASSU card.
See our complete
selection of
Engagement Rings
from J3MT*
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
