# Adv. 3 Page 2
## 
### 
SPRING
GRADES
Students who want to have their
spring grades sent to them should
leave a pre-addressed envelope at the
Information Window in the lobby of
the Old Union.
SPRING
GRADES
Students who want to have their
spring grades sent to them should
leave a pre-addressed envelope at the
Information Window in the lobby of
the Old Union.
SPRING
GRADES
Students who want to have their
spring grades sent to them should
leave a pre-addressed envelope at the
Information Window in the lobby of
the Old Union.
SPRING
GRADES
Students who want to have their
spring grades sent to them should
leave a pre-addressed envelope at the
Information Window in the lobby of
the Old Union.
SPRING
GRADES
Students who want to have their
spring grades sent to them should
leave a pre-addressed envelope at the
Information Window in the lobby of
the Old Union.
SPRING
GRADES
Students who want to have their
spring grades sent to them should
leave a pre-addressed envelope at the
Information Window in the lobby of
the Old Union.
SPRING
GRADES
Students who want to have their
spring grades sent to them should
leave a pre-addressed envelope at the
Information Window in the lobby of
the Old Union.
