# Adv. 16 Page 8
## 
### 
The American
Cancer Society
thanks you.
Their families
thank you.
You've become a
life saver. Literally.
For installing our
Employee Education
Program. For
understanding that if
cancer is detected in
its early stages,
chances for cure are
greatly increased. , -
Thank you. Y<t
American Cancer Sodety
SPORT
PARACHUTING
Ist JUMP COURSE
GROUP RATES
Antloch
Parachute
Center
757-9660
757-9957
The American
Cancer Society
thanks you.
Their families
thank you.
You've become a
life saver. Literally.
For installing our
Employee Education
Program. For
understanding that if
cancer is detected in
its early stages,
chances for cure are
greatly increased. , -
Thank you. Y<t
American Cancer Sodety
SPORT
PARACHUTING
Ist JUMP COURSE
GROUP RATES
Antloch
Parachute
Center
757-9660
757-9957
The American
Cancer Society
thanks you.
Their families
thank you.
You've become a
life saver. Literally.
For installing our
Employee Education
Program. For
understanding that if
cancer is detected in
its early stages,
chances for cure are
greatly increased. , -
Thank you. Y<t
American Cancer Sodety
SPORT
PARACHUTING
Ist JUMP COURSE
GROUP RATES
Antloch
Parachute
Center
757-9660
757-9957
The American
Cancer Society
thanks you.
Their families
thank you.
You've become a
life saver. Literally.
For installing our
Employee Education
Program. For
understanding that if
cancer is detected in
its early stages,
chances for cure are
greatly increased. , -
Thank you. Y<t
American Cancer Sodety
SPORT
PARACHUTING
Ist JUMP COURSE
GROUP RATES
Antloch
Parachute
Center
757-9660
757-9957
The American
Cancer Society
thanks you.
Their families
thank you.
You've become a
life saver. Literally.
For installing our
Employee Education
Program. For
understanding that if
cancer is detected in
its early stages,
chances for cure are
greatly increased. , -
Thank you. Y<t
American Cancer Sodety
SPORT
PARACHUTING
Ist JUMP COURSE
GROUP RATES
Antloch
Parachute
Center
757-9660
757-9957
The American
Cancer Society
thanks you.
Their families
thank you.
You've become a
life saver. Literally.
For installing our
Employee Education
Program. For
understanding that if
cancer is detected in
its early stages,
chances for cure are
greatly increased. , -
Thank you. Y<t
American Cancer Sodety
SPORT
PARACHUTING
Ist JUMP COURSE
GROUP RATES
Antloch
Parachute
Center
757-9660
757-9957
The American
Cancer Society
thanks you.
Their families
thank you.
You've become a
life saver. Literally.
For installing our
Employee Education
Program. For
understanding that if
cancer is detected in
its early stages,
chances for cure are
greatly increased. , -
Thank you. Y<t
American Cancer Sodety
SPORT
PARACHUTING
Ist JUMP COURSE
GROUP RATES
Antloch
Parachute
Center
757-9660
757-9957
