# SPORTS
## A 						campus running guide 
### 
On any given working day
around 8 a.m. or 5:30 p.m.,
students, professors, and
even the University presi
dent on occasion, swarm to
the running trails that
thread through the campus
and the surrounding foot

hills. The central campus
and its environs boast some
of the most varied and
challenging runs in the Bay
Area. A list of the favorite
courses follows.
Under three miles
There are two Par Courses

on campus, one starting
near Angell Field and the
other near Roble Hall. Each
consists of a series of ex
ercises staggered over a two
mile run.
The Lake Lagunita Run

covers about 1 and miles.
Run toward the lake on
Lagunita Drive (keeping the
parking lot and the Bechtel
Center on your left). Cross
Lomita Drive and run up a
short hill to the Boathouse.
Take a left onto the path be
tween Lambda Nu house
and the lake. Follow the
path all the around the Lake
until you cross over a small

creek. Run along the fence
until you hit the pathway
around the lake. Return to
the Boathouse.
Three to six miles
University President
Donald Kennedy welcomes
running partners of all
speeds to go over the Dish
Run when he runs it every
Tuesday and Friday at 6:30
a.m.. Meet at the President's
house at the back lawn of

Hoover House, where Santa
Ynez deadends into
Cabrillo. If you'd rather go it
alone, take Campus Drive
until it hits junipero Serra
and enter the fence to the
dish. Follow the road
straight up the hill to the
dish. The road diverges at
one point, the right fork
being a gentler and longer
slope to the top of the
grade. Take a sharp turn to

the left at the top of the hill
and run along the ridge for
about a mile or so. Proceed
down the hill, always bear
ing to the right. At the bot
tom of the hill, cross
junipero Serra, and run
down Frenchman's Road to
Mayfield. Turn left on May
field and return to Campus
Drive to complete the five
mile course.
Over six miles

To begin the 11 mile
Arastradero Loop, start
down Campus Drive past
Wilbur Field. Turn right on
Bowdoin Street. Turn right
on Stanford Avenue and fol
low it until you cross
Junipero Serra. Turn left on
Junipero Serra and follow it
until Page Mill. Turn right
on Old Page Mill Road. Run
along Page Mill until you
cross Arastradero Road.
Turn right. Follow
Arastradero out about 2
miles until the "Zotts" in
tersection on Alpine road.
Turn right. Follow Alpine
back past the Ladera Shop
ping Center. Turn rightonto
junipero Serra. Follow
Junipero Serra back past the
Lake and onto Campus
Drive.
Angell Field or Stadium
Track — Once around
equals a quarter mile.
On any given working day
around 8 a.m. or 5:30 p.m.,
students, professors, and
even the University presi
dent on occasion, swarm to
the running trails that
thread through the campus
and the surrounding foot

hills. The central campus
and its environs boast some
of the most varied and
challenging runs in the Bay
Area. A list of the favorite
courses follows.
Under three miles
There are two Par Courses

on campus, one starting
near Angell Field and the
other near Roble Hall. Each
consists of a series of ex
ercises staggered over a two
mile run.
The Lake Lagunita Run

covers about 1 and miles.
Run toward the lake on
Lagunita Drive (keeping the
parking lot and the Bechtel
Center on your left). Cross
Lomita Drive and run up a
short hill to the Boathouse.
Take a left onto the path be
tween Lambda Nu house
and the lake. Follow the
path all the around the Lake
until you cross over a small

creek. Run along the fence
until you hit the pathway
around the lake. Return to
the Boathouse.
Three to six miles
University President
Donald Kennedy welcomes
running partners of all
speeds to go over the Dish
Run when he runs it every
Tuesday and Friday at 6:30
a.m.. Meet at the President's
house at the back lawn of

Hoover House, where Santa
Ynez deadends into
Cabrillo. If you'd rather go it
alone, take Campus Drive
until it hits junipero Serra
and enter the fence to the
dish. Follow the road
straight up the hill to the
dish. The road diverges at
one point, the right fork
being a gentler and longer
slope to the top of the
grade. Take a sharp turn to

the left at the top of the hill
and run along the ridge for
about a mile or so. Proceed
down the hill, always bear
ing to the right. At the bot
tom of the hill, cross
junipero Serra, and run
down Frenchman's Road to
Mayfield. Turn left on May
field and return to Campus
Drive to complete the five
mile course.
Over six miles

To begin the 11 mile
Arastradero Loop, start
down Campus Drive past
Wilbur Field. Turn right on
Bowdoin Street. Turn right
on Stanford Avenue and fol
low it until you cross
Junipero Serra. Turn left on
Junipero Serra and follow it
until Page Mill. Turn right
on Old Page Mill Road. Run
along Page Mill until you
cross Arastradero Road.
Turn right. Follow
Arastradero out about 2
miles until the "Zotts" in
tersection on Alpine road.
Turn right. Follow Alpine
back past the Ladera Shop
ping Center. Turn rightonto
junipero Serra. Follow
Junipero Serra back past the
Lake and onto Campus
Drive.
Angell Field or Stadium
Track — Once around
equals a quarter mile.
On any given working day
around 8 a.m. or 5:30 p.m.,
students, professors, and
even the University presi
dent on occasion, swarm to
the running trails that
thread through the campus
and the surrounding foot

hills. The central campus
and its environs boast some
of the most varied and
challenging runs in the Bay
Area. A list of the favorite
courses follows.
Under three miles
There are two Par Courses

on campus, one starting
near Angell Field and the
other near Roble Hall. Each
consists of a series of ex
ercises staggered over a two
mile run.
The Lake Lagunita Run

covers about 1 and miles.
Run toward the lake on
Lagunita Drive (keeping the
parking lot and the Bechtel
Center on your left). Cross
Lomita Drive and run up a
short hill to the Boathouse.
Take a left onto the path be
tween Lambda Nu house
and the lake. Follow the
path all the around the Lake
until you cross over a small

creek. Run along the fence
until you hit the pathway
around the lake. Return to
the Boathouse.
Three to six miles
University President
Donald Kennedy welcomes
running partners of all
speeds to go over the Dish
Run when he runs it every
Tuesday and Friday at 6:30
a.m.. Meet at the President's
house at the back lawn of

Hoover House, where Santa
Ynez deadends into
Cabrillo. If you'd rather go it
alone, take Campus Drive
until it hits junipero Serra
and enter the fence to the
dish. Follow the road
straight up the hill to the
dish. The road diverges at
one point, the right fork
being a gentler and longer
slope to the top of the
grade. Take a sharp turn to

the left at the top of the hill
and run along the ridge for
about a mile or so. Proceed
down the hill, always bear
ing to the right. At the bot
tom of the hill, cross
junipero Serra, and run
down Frenchman's Road to
Mayfield. Turn left on May
field and return to Campus
Drive to complete the five
mile course.
Over six miles

To begin the 11 mile
Arastradero Loop, start
down Campus Drive past
Wilbur Field. Turn right on
Bowdoin Street. Turn right
on Stanford Avenue and fol
low it until you cross
Junipero Serra. Turn left on
Junipero Serra and follow it
until Page Mill. Turn right
on Old Page Mill Road. Run
along Page Mill until you
cross Arastradero Road.
Turn right. Follow
Arastradero out about 2
miles until the "Zotts" in
tersection on Alpine road.
Turn right. Follow Alpine
back past the Ladera Shop
ping Center. Turn rightonto
junipero Serra. Follow
Junipero Serra back past the
Lake and onto Campus
Drive.
Angell Field or Stadium
Track — Once around
equals a quarter mile.
On any given working day
around 8 a.m. or 5:30 p.m.,
students, professors, and
even the University presi
dent on occasion, swarm to
the running trails that
thread through the campus
and the surrounding foot

hills. The central campus
and its environs boast some
of the most varied and
challenging runs in the Bay
Area. A list of the favorite
courses follows.
Under three miles
There are two Par Courses

on campus, one starting
near Angell Field and the
other near Roble Hall. Each
consists of a series of ex
ercises staggered over a two
mile run.
The Lake Lagunita Run

covers about 1 and miles.
Run toward the lake on
Lagunita Drive (keeping the
parking lot and the Bechtel
Center on your left). Cross
Lomita Drive and run up a
short hill to the Boathouse.
Take a left onto the path be
tween Lambda Nu house
and the lake. Follow the
path all the around the Lake
until you cross over a small

creek. Run along the fence
until you hit the pathway
around the lake. Return to
the Boathouse.
Three to six miles
University President
Donald Kennedy welcomes
running partners of all
speeds to go over the Dish
Run when he runs it every
Tuesday and Friday at 6:30
a.m.. Meet at the President's
house at the back lawn of

Hoover House, where Santa
Ynez deadends into
Cabrillo. If you'd rather go it
alone, take Campus Drive
until it hits junipero Serra
and enter the fence to the
dish. Follow the road
straight up the hill to the
dish. The road diverges at
one point, the right fork
being a gentler and longer
slope to the top of the
grade. Take a sharp turn to

the left at the top of the hill
and run along the ridge for
about a mile or so. Proceed
down the hill, always bear
ing to the right. At the bot
tom of the hill, cross
junipero Serra, and run
down Frenchman's Road to
Mayfield. Turn left on May
field and return to Campus
Drive to complete the five
mile course.
Over six miles

To begin the 11 mile
Arastradero Loop, start
down Campus Drive past
Wilbur Field. Turn right on
Bowdoin Street. Turn right
on Stanford Avenue and fol
low it until you cross
Junipero Serra. Turn left on
Junipero Serra and follow it
until Page Mill. Turn right
on Old Page Mill Road. Run
along Page Mill until you
cross Arastradero Road.
Turn right. Follow
Arastradero out about 2
miles until the "Zotts" in
tersection on Alpine road.
Turn right. Follow Alpine
back past the Ladera Shop
ping Center. Turn rightonto
junipero Serra. Follow
Junipero Serra back past the
Lake and onto Campus
Drive.
Angell Field or Stadium
Track — Once around
equals a quarter mile.
On any given working day
around 8 a.m. or 5:30 p.m.,
students, professors, and
even the University presi
dent on occasion, swarm to
the running trails that
thread through the campus
and the surrounding foot

hills. The central campus
and its environs boast some
of the most varied and
challenging runs in the Bay
Area. A list of the favorite
courses follows.
Under three miles
There are two Par Courses

on campus, one starting
near Angell Field and the
other near Roble Hall. Each
consists of a series of ex
ercises staggered over a two
mile run.
The Lake Lagunita Run

covers about 1 and miles.
Run toward the lake on
Lagunita Drive (keeping the
parking lot and the Bechtel
Center on your left). Cross
Lomita Drive and run up a
short hill to the Boathouse.
Take a left onto the path be
tween Lambda Nu house
and the lake. Follow the
path all the around the Lake
until you cross over a small

creek. Run along the fence
until you hit the pathway
around the lake. Return to
the Boathouse.
Three to six miles
University President
Donald Kennedy welcomes
running partners of all
speeds to go over the Dish
Run when he runs it every
Tuesday and Friday at 6:30
a.m.. Meet at the President's
house at the back lawn of

Hoover House, where Santa
Ynez deadends into
Cabrillo. If you'd rather go it
alone, take Campus Drive
until it hits junipero Serra
and enter the fence to the
dish. Follow the road
straight up the hill to the
dish. The road diverges at
one point, the right fork
being a gentler and longer
slope to the top of the
grade. Take a sharp turn to

the left at the top of the hill
and run along the ridge for
about a mile or so. Proceed
down the hill, always bear
ing to the right. At the bot
tom of the hill, cross
junipero Serra, and run
down Frenchman's Road to
Mayfield. Turn left on May
field and return to Campus
Drive to complete the five
mile course.
Over six miles

To begin the 11 mile
Arastradero Loop, start
down Campus Drive past
Wilbur Field. Turn right on
Bowdoin Street. Turn right
on Stanford Avenue and fol
low it until you cross
Junipero Serra. Turn left on
Junipero Serra and follow it
until Page Mill. Turn right
on Old Page Mill Road. Run
along Page Mill until you
cross Arastradero Road.
Turn right. Follow
Arastradero out about 2
miles until the "Zotts" in
tersection on Alpine road.
Turn right. Follow Alpine
back past the Ladera Shop
ping Center. Turn rightonto
junipero Serra. Follow
Junipero Serra back past the
Lake and onto Campus
Drive.
Angell Field or Stadium
Track — Once around
equals a quarter mile.
On any given working day
around 8 a.m. or 5:30 p.m.,
students, professors, and
even the University presi
dent on occasion, swarm to
the running trails that
thread through the campus
and the surrounding foot

hills. The central campus
and its environs boast some
of the most varied and
challenging runs in the Bay
Area. A list of the favorite
courses follows.
Under three miles
There are two Par Courses

on campus, one starting
near Angell Field and the
other near Roble Hall. Each
consists of a series of ex
ercises staggered over a two
mile run.
The Lake Lagunita Run

covers about 1 and miles.
Run toward the lake on
Lagunita Drive (keeping the
parking lot and the Bechtel
Center on your left). Cross
Lomita Drive and run up a
short hill to the Boathouse.
Take a left onto the path be
tween Lambda Nu house
and the lake. Follow the
path all the around the Lake
until you cross over a small

creek. Run along the fence
until you hit the pathway
around the lake. Return to
the Boathouse.
Three to six miles
University President
Donald Kennedy welcomes
running partners of all
speeds to go over the Dish
Run when he runs it every
Tuesday and Friday at 6:30
a.m.. Meet at the President's
house at the back lawn of

Hoover House, where Santa
Ynez deadends into
Cabrillo. If you'd rather go it
alone, take Campus Drive
until it hits junipero Serra
and enter the fence to the
dish. Follow the road
straight up the hill to the
dish. The road diverges at
one point, the right fork
being a gentler and longer
slope to the top of the
grade. Take a sharp turn to

the left at the top of the hill
and run along the ridge for
about a mile or so. Proceed
down the hill, always bear
ing to the right. At the bot
tom of the hill, cross
junipero Serra, and run
down Frenchman's Road to
Mayfield. Turn left on May
field and return to Campus
Drive to complete the five
mile course.
Over six miles

To begin the 11 mile
Arastradero Loop, start
down Campus Drive past
Wilbur Field. Turn right on
Bowdoin Street. Turn right
on Stanford Avenue and fol
low it until you cross
Junipero Serra. Turn left on
Junipero Serra and follow it
until Page Mill. Turn right
on Old Page Mill Road. Run
along Page Mill until you
cross Arastradero Road.
Turn right. Follow
Arastradero out about 2
miles until the "Zotts" in
tersection on Alpine road.
Turn right. Follow Alpine
back past the Ladera Shop
ping Center. Turn rightonto
junipero Serra. Follow
Junipero Serra back past the
Lake and onto Campus
Drive.
Angell Field or Stadium
Track — Once around
equals a quarter mile.
On any given working day
around 8 a.m. or 5:30 p.m.,
students, professors, and
even the University presi
dent on occasion, swarm to
the running trails that
thread through the campus
and the surrounding foot

hills. The central campus
and its environs boast some
of the most varied and
challenging runs in the Bay
Area. A list of the favorite
courses follows.
Under three miles
There are two Par Courses

on campus, one starting
near Angell Field and the
other near Roble Hall. Each
consists of a series of ex
ercises staggered over a two
mile run.
The Lake Lagunita Run

covers about 1 and miles.
Run toward the lake on
Lagunita Drive (keeping the
parking lot and the Bechtel
Center on your left). Cross
Lomita Drive and run up a
short hill to the Boathouse.
Take a left onto the path be
tween Lambda Nu house
and the lake. Follow the
path all the around the Lake
until you cross over a small

creek. Run along the fence
until you hit the pathway
around the lake. Return to
the Boathouse.
Three to six miles
University President
Donald Kennedy welcomes
running partners of all
speeds to go over the Dish
Run when he runs it every
Tuesday and Friday at 6:30
a.m.. Meet at the President's
house at the back lawn of

Hoover House, where Santa
Ynez deadends into
Cabrillo. If you'd rather go it
alone, take Campus Drive
until it hits junipero Serra
and enter the fence to the
dish. Follow the road
straight up the hill to the
dish. The road diverges at
one point, the right fork
being a gentler and longer
slope to the top of the
grade. Take a sharp turn to

the left at the top of the hill
and run along the ridge for
about a mile or so. Proceed
down the hill, always bear
ing to the right. At the bot
tom of the hill, cross
junipero Serra, and run
down Frenchman's Road to
Mayfield. Turn left on May
field and return to Campus
Drive to complete the five
mile course.
Over six miles

To begin the 11 mile
Arastradero Loop, start
down Campus Drive past
Wilbur Field. Turn right on
Bowdoin Street. Turn right
on Stanford Avenue and fol
low it until you cross
Junipero Serra. Turn left on
Junipero Serra and follow it
until Page Mill. Turn right
on Old Page Mill Road. Run
along Page Mill until you
cross Arastradero Road.
Turn right. Follow
Arastradero out about 2
miles until the "Zotts" in
tersection on Alpine road.
Turn right. Follow Alpine
back past the Ladera Shop
ping Center. Turn rightonto
junipero Serra. Follow
Junipero Serra back past the
Lake and onto Campus
Drive.
Angell Field or Stadium
Track — Once around
equals a quarter mile.
