# WILL PAY CORPORATION.
## Sophomores Decide to Pay for Damage Done to Training House. 
### 
The Bophomore class met yes
terday and passed on several
matters of importance. A motion
to pay the Training House Corpor
ation for the damages incurred in
the new training house on the night
of November 10th was made and
passed. It is understood that this
only amounted to a few dollarß.
Incidentally, the question of con
demning the action of certain stu
dents on that night was also dis
cussed at length. It was the
unanimous sentiment of those pres
ent that the occurrences on that
night were unfortunate and deplor
able, but that the action of the
class in agreeing to pay for the
damage done sufficiently declared
the sentiment of the class concern
ing the matter.
The class treasurer was also em
powered to purchase three debating
pins for the members of the class
team.
The Bophomore class met yes
terday and passed on several
matters of importance. A motion
to pay the Training House Corpor
ation for the damages incurred in
the new training house on the night
of November 10th was made and
passed. It is understood that this
only amounted to a few dollarß.
Incidentally, the question of con
demning the action of certain stu
dents on that night was also dis
cussed at length. It was the
unanimous sentiment of those pres
ent that the occurrences on that
night were unfortunate and deplor
able, but that the action of the
class in agreeing to pay for the
damage done sufficiently declared
the sentiment of the class concern
ing the matter.
The class treasurer was also em
powered to purchase three debating
pins for the members of the class
team.
The Bophomore class met yes
terday and passed on several
matters of importance. A motion
to pay the Training House Corpor
ation for the damages incurred in
the new training house on the night
of November 10th was made and
passed. It is understood that this
only amounted to a few dollarß.
Incidentally, the question of con
demning the action of certain stu
dents on that night was also dis
cussed at length. It was the
unanimous sentiment of those pres
ent that the occurrences on that
night were unfortunate and deplor
able, but that the action of the
class in agreeing to pay for the
damage done sufficiently declared
the sentiment of the class concern
ing the matter.
The class treasurer was also em
powered to purchase three debating
pins for the members of the class
team.
The Bophomore class met yes
terday and passed on several
matters of importance. A motion
to pay the Training House Corpor
ation for the damages incurred in
the new training house on the night
of November 10th was made and
passed. It is understood that this
only amounted to a few dollarß.
Incidentally, the question of con
demning the action of certain stu
dents on that night was also dis
cussed at length. It was the
unanimous sentiment of those pres
ent that the occurrences on that
night were unfortunate and deplor
able, but that the action of the
class in agreeing to pay for the
damage done sufficiently declared
the sentiment of the class concern
ing the matter.
The class treasurer was also em
powered to purchase three debating
pins for the members of the class
team.
The Bophomore class met yes
terday and passed on several
matters of importance. A motion
to pay the Training House Corpor
ation for the damages incurred in
the new training house on the night
of November 10th was made and
passed. It is understood that this
only amounted to a few dollarß.
Incidentally, the question of con
demning the action of certain stu
dents on that night was also dis
cussed at length. It was the
unanimous sentiment of those pres
ent that the occurrences on that
night were unfortunate and deplor
able, but that the action of the
class in agreeing to pay for the
damage done sufficiently declared
the sentiment of the class concern
ing the matter.
The class treasurer was also em
powered to purchase three debating
pins for the members of the class
team.
The Bophomore class met yes
terday and passed on several
matters of importance. A motion
to pay the Training House Corpor
ation for the damages incurred in
the new training house on the night
of November 10th was made and
passed. It is understood that this
only amounted to a few dollarß.
Incidentally, the question of con
demning the action of certain stu
dents on that night was also dis
cussed at length. It was the
unanimous sentiment of those pres
ent that the occurrences on that
night were unfortunate and deplor
able, but that the action of the
class in agreeing to pay for the
damage done sufficiently declared
the sentiment of the class concern
ing the matter.
The class treasurer was also em
powered to purchase three debating
pins for the members of the class
team.
The Bophomore class met yes
terday and passed on several
matters of importance. A motion
to pay the Training House Corpor
ation for the damages incurred in
the new training house on the night
of November 10th was made and
passed. It is understood that this
only amounted to a few dollarß.
Incidentally, the question of con
demning the action of certain stu
dents on that night was also dis
cussed at length. It was the
unanimous sentiment of those pres
ent that the occurrences on that
night were unfortunate and deplor
able, but that the action of the
class in agreeing to pay for the
damage done sufficiently declared
the sentiment of the class concern
ing the matter.
The class treasurer was also em
powered to purchase three debating
pins for the members of the class
team.
The Bophomore class met yes
terday and passed on several
matters of importance. A motion
to pay the Training House Corpor
ation for the damages incurred in
the new training house on the night
of November 10th was made and
passed. It is understood that this
only amounted to a few dollarß.
Incidentally, the question of con
demning the action of certain stu
dents on that night was also dis
cussed at length. It was the
unanimous sentiment of those pres
ent that the occurrences on that
night were unfortunate and deplor
able, but that the action of the
class in agreeing to pay for the
damage done sufficiently declared
the sentiment of the class concern
ing the matter.
The class treasurer was also em
powered to purchase three debating
pins for the members of the class
team.
The Bophomore class met yes
terday and passed on several
matters of importance. A motion
to pay the Training House Corpor
ation for the damages incurred in
the new training house on the night
of November 10th was made and
passed. It is understood that this
only amounted to a few dollarß.
Incidentally, the question of con
demning the action of certain stu
dents on that night was also dis
cussed at length. It was the
unanimous sentiment of those pres
ent that the occurrences on that
night were unfortunate and deplor
able, but that the action of the
class in agreeing to pay for the
damage done sufficiently declared
the sentiment of the class concern
ing the matter.
The class treasurer was also em
powered to purchase three debating
pins for the members of the class
team.
