# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—E. C. Starks, curator of the
Zoology department, has an article
on ''Osteology of Caularchus
Maeandricus" in the October Bio
logical Bulletin.
—Dr. W. A. Manning has an
article in the Bulletin of the Ameri
can Matheviatical Society forNovem
ber on the subject, "On the Arith
metic Nature of the Coefficients in
Groups of Finite Monomial Linear
Substitutes."
—E. C. Starks, curator of the
Zoology department, has an article
on ''Osteology of Caularchus
Maeandricus" in the October Bio
logical Bulletin.
—Dr. W. A. Manning has an
article in the Bulletin of the Ameri
can Matheviatical Society forNovem
ber on the subject, "On the Arith
metic Nature of the Coefficients in
Groups of Finite Monomial Linear
Substitutes."
—E. C. Starks, curator of the
Zoology department, has an article
on ''Osteology of Caularchus
Maeandricus" in the October Bio
logical Bulletin.
—Dr. W. A. Manning has an
article in the Bulletin of the Ameri
can Matheviatical Society forNovem
ber on the subject, "On the Arith
metic Nature of the Coefficients in
Groups of Finite Monomial Linear
Substitutes."
—E. C. Starks, curator of the
Zoology department, has an article
on ''Osteology of Caularchus
Maeandricus" in the October Bio
logical Bulletin.
—Dr. W. A. Manning has an
article in the Bulletin of the Ameri
can Matheviatical Society forNovem
ber on the subject, "On the Arith
metic Nature of the Coefficients in
Groups of Finite Monomial Linear
Substitutes."
—E. C. Starks, curator of the
Zoology department, has an article
on ''Osteology of Caularchus
Maeandricus" in the October Bio
logical Bulletin.
—Dr. W. A. Manning has an
article in the Bulletin of the Ameri
can Matheviatical Society forNovem
ber on the subject, "On the Arith
metic Nature of the Coefficients in
Groups of Finite Monomial Linear
Substitutes."
—E. C. Starks, curator of the
Zoology department, has an article
on ''Osteology of Caularchus
Maeandricus" in the October Bio
logical Bulletin.
—Dr. W. A. Manning has an
article in the Bulletin of the Ameri
can Matheviatical Society forNovem
ber on the subject, "On the Arith
metic Nature of the Coefficients in
Groups of Finite Monomial Linear
Substitutes."
—E. C. Starks, curator of the
Zoology department, has an article
on ''Osteology of Caularchus
Maeandricus" in the October Bio
logical Bulletin.
—Dr. W. A. Manning has an
article in the Bulletin of the Ameri
can Matheviatical Society forNovem
ber on the subject, "On the Arith
metic Nature of the Coefficients in
Groups of Finite Monomial Linear
Substitutes."
—E. C. Starks, curator of the
Zoology department, has an article
on ''Osteology of Caularchus
Maeandricus" in the October Bio
logical Bulletin.
—Dr. W. A. Manning has an
article in the Bulletin of the Ameri
can Matheviatical Society forNovem
ber on the subject, "On the Arith
metic Nature of the Coefficients in
Groups of Finite Monomial Linear
Substitutes."
—E. C. Starks, curator of the
Zoology department, has an article
on ''Osteology of Caularchus
Maeandricus" in the October Bio
logical Bulletin.
—Dr. W. A. Manning has an
article in the Bulletin of the Ameri
can Matheviatical Society forNovem
ber on the subject, "On the Arith
metic Nature of the Coefficients in
Groups of Finite Monomial Linear
Substitutes."
