# Daily to Start Tryouts For Summer Biz Head
## 
### 
Tryouts for summer business
manager of The Stanford Daily
will be held from Sunday to
Thursday of next week between 1
and (i p.m.
The job pays $75 a month.
Previous advertising experience
is desirable. Apply at the busi
ness office in the Daily shack.
Tryouts for summer business
manager of The Stanford Daily
will be held from Sunday to
Thursday of next week between 1
and (i p.m.
The job pays $75 a month.
Previous advertising experience
is desirable. Apply at the busi
ness office in the Daily shack.
Tryouts for summer business
manager of The Stanford Daily
will be held from Sunday to
Thursday of next week between 1
and (i p.m.
The job pays $75 a month.
Previous advertising experience
is desirable. Apply at the busi
ness office in the Daily shack.
Tryouts for summer business
manager of The Stanford Daily
will be held from Sunday to
Thursday of next week between 1
and (i p.m.
The job pays $75 a month.
Previous advertising experience
is desirable. Apply at the busi
ness office in the Daily shack.
Tryouts for summer business
manager of The Stanford Daily
will be held from Sunday to
Thursday of next week between 1
and (i p.m.
The job pays $75 a month.
Previous advertising experience
is desirable. Apply at the busi
ness office in the Daily shack.
Tryouts for summer business
manager of The Stanford Daily
will be held from Sunday to
Thursday of next week between 1
and (i p.m.
The job pays $75 a month.
Previous advertising experience
is desirable. Apply at the busi
ness office in the Daily shack.
Tryouts for summer business
manager of The Stanford Daily
will be held from Sunday to
Thursday of next week between 1
and (i p.m.
The job pays $75 a month.
Previous advertising experience
is desirable. Apply at the busi
ness office in the Daily shack.
Tryouts for summer business
manager of The Stanford Daily
will be held from Sunday to
Thursday of next week between 1
and (i p.m.
The job pays $75 a month.
Previous advertising experience
is desirable. Apply at the busi
ness office in the Daily shack.
Tryouts for summer business
manager of The Stanford Daily
will be held from Sunday to
Thursday of next week between 1
and (i p.m.
The job pays $75 a month.
Previous advertising experience
is desirable. Apply at the busi
ness office in the Daily shack.
Tryouts for summer business
manager of The Stanford Daily
will be held from Sunday to
Thursday of next week between 1
and (i p.m.
The job pays $75 a month.
Previous advertising experience
is desirable. Apply at the busi
ness office in the Daily shack.
Tryouts for summer business
manager of The Stanford Daily
will be held from Sunday to
Thursday of next week between 1
and (i p.m.
The job pays $75 a month.
Previous advertising experience
is desirable. Apply at the busi
ness office in the Daily shack.
Tryouts for summer business
manager of The Stanford Daily
will be held from Sunday to
Thursday of next week between 1
and (i p.m.
The job pays $75 a month.
Previous advertising experience
is desirable. Apply at the busi
ness office in the Daily shack.
Tryouts for summer business
manager of The Stanford Daily
will be held from Sunday to
Thursday of next week between 1
and (i p.m.
The job pays $75 a month.
Previous advertising experience
is desirable. Apply at the busi
ness office in the Daily shack.
Tryouts for summer business
manager of The Stanford Daily
will be held from Sunday to
Thursday of next week between 1
and (i p.m.
The job pays $75 a month.
Previous advertising experience
is desirable. Apply at the busi
ness office in the Daily shack.
Tryouts for summer business
manager of The Stanford Daily
will be held from Sunday to
Thursday of next week between 1
and (i p.m.
The job pays $75 a month.
Previous advertising experience
is desirable. Apply at the busi
ness office in the Daily shack.
