# S.F. Logical Place For Lefty O'Doul, Says Graham
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 21 (/I 3 ). —
San Francisco would be "the logical
place" for Frank (Lefty) O'Doul,
veteran New York Giants outfielder,
if Manager Bill Terry chooses to
make him a free agent, but until
Torry does that, the Seals' manage
ment can do nothing in the way of
making offers to O'Doul, Charles
Graham, San Francisco president,
said here today.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 21 (/I 3 ). —
San Francisco would be "the logical
place" for Frank (Lefty) O'Doul,
veteran New York Giants outfielder,
if Manager Bill Terry chooses to
make him a free agent, but until
Torry does that, the Seals' manage
ment can do nothing in the way of
making offers to O'Doul, Charles
Graham, San Francisco president,
said here today.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 21 (/I 3 ). —
San Francisco would be "the logical
place" for Frank (Lefty) O'Doul,
veteran New York Giants outfielder,
if Manager Bill Terry chooses to
make him a free agent, but until
Torry does that, the Seals' manage
ment can do nothing in the way of
making offers to O'Doul, Charles
Graham, San Francisco president,
said here today.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 21 (/I 3 ). —
San Francisco would be "the logical
place" for Frank (Lefty) O'Doul,
veteran New York Giants outfielder,
if Manager Bill Terry chooses to
make him a free agent, but until
Torry does that, the Seals' manage
ment can do nothing in the way of
making offers to O'Doul, Charles
Graham, San Francisco president,
said here today.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 21 (/I 3 ). —
San Francisco would be "the logical
place" for Frank (Lefty) O'Doul,
veteran New York Giants outfielder,
if Manager Bill Terry chooses to
make him a free agent, but until
Torry does that, the Seals' manage
ment can do nothing in the way of
making offers to O'Doul, Charles
Graham, San Francisco president,
said here today.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 21 (/I 3 ). —
San Francisco would be "the logical
place" for Frank (Lefty) O'Doul,
veteran New York Giants outfielder,
if Manager Bill Terry chooses to
make him a free agent, but until
Torry does that, the Seals' manage
ment can do nothing in the way of
making offers to O'Doul, Charles
Graham, San Francisco president,
said here today.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 21 (/I 3 ). —
San Francisco would be "the logical
place" for Frank (Lefty) O'Doul,
veteran New York Giants outfielder,
if Manager Bill Terry chooses to
make him a free agent, but until
Torry does that, the Seals' manage
ment can do nothing in the way of
making offers to O'Doul, Charles
Graham, San Francisco president,
said here today.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 21 (/I 3 ). —
San Francisco would be "the logical
place" for Frank (Lefty) O'Doul,
veteran New York Giants outfielder,
if Manager Bill Terry chooses to
make him a free agent, but until
Torry does that, the Seals' manage
ment can do nothing in the way of
making offers to O'Doul, Charles
Graham, San Francisco president,
said here today.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 21 (/I 3 ). —
San Francisco would be "the logical
place" for Frank (Lefty) O'Doul,
veteran New York Giants outfielder,
if Manager Bill Terry chooses to
make him a free agent, but until
Torry does that, the Seals' manage
ment can do nothing in the way of
making offers to O'Doul, Charles
Graham, San Francisco president,
said here today.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 21 (/I 3 ). —
San Francisco would be "the logical
place" for Frank (Lefty) O'Doul,
veteran New York Giants outfielder,
if Manager Bill Terry chooses to
make him a free agent, but until
Torry does that, the Seals' manage
ment can do nothing in the way of
making offers to O'Doul, Charles
Graham, San Francisco president,
said here today.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 21 (/I 3 ). —
San Francisco would be "the logical
place" for Frank (Lefty) O'Doul,
veteran New York Giants outfielder,
if Manager Bill Terry chooses to
make him a free agent, but until
Torry does that, the Seals' manage
ment can do nothing in the way of
making offers to O'Doul, Charles
Graham, San Francisco president,
said here today.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 21 (/I 3 ). —
San Francisco would be "the logical
place" for Frank (Lefty) O'Doul,
veteran New York Giants outfielder,
if Manager Bill Terry chooses to
make him a free agent, but until
Torry does that, the Seals' manage
ment can do nothing in the way of
making offers to O'Doul, Charles
Graham, San Francisco president,
said here today.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 21 (/I 3 ). —
San Francisco would be "the logical
place" for Frank (Lefty) O'Doul,
veteran New York Giants outfielder,
if Manager Bill Terry chooses to
make him a free agent, but until
Torry does that, the Seals' manage
ment can do nothing in the way of
making offers to O'Doul, Charles
Graham, San Francisco president,
said here today.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 21 (/I 3 ). —
San Francisco would be "the logical
place" for Frank (Lefty) O'Doul,
veteran New York Giants outfielder,
if Manager Bill Terry chooses to
make him a free agent, but until
Torry does that, the Seals' manage
ment can do nothing in the way of
making offers to O'Doul, Charles
Graham, San Francisco president,
said here today.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 21 (/I 3 ). —
San Francisco would be "the logical
place" for Frank (Lefty) O'Doul,
veteran New York Giants outfielder,
if Manager Bill Terry chooses to
make him a free agent, but until
Torry does that, the Seals' manage
ment can do nothing in the way of
making offers to O'Doul, Charles
Graham, San Francisco president,
said here today.
