# Staff Members Today
## 
### 
Routine business bows to matters of im*
portanee to all members of the Daily editorial
sinlV today. Quad picture of those still on
the stall' will be taken after the meeting.
Come.
Routine business bows to matters of im*
portanee to all members of the Daily editorial
sinlV today. Quad picture of those still on
the stall' will be taken after the meeting.
Come.
Routine business bows to matters of im*
portanee to all members of the Daily editorial
sinlV today. Quad picture of those still on
the stall' will be taken after the meeting.
Come.
Routine business bows to matters of im*
portanee to all members of the Daily editorial
sinlV today. Quad picture of those still on
the stall' will be taken after the meeting.
Come.
Routine business bows to matters of im*
portanee to all members of the Daily editorial
sinlV today. Quad picture of those still on
the stall' will be taken after the meeting.
Come.
Routine business bows to matters of im*
portanee to all members of the Daily editorial
sinlV today. Quad picture of those still on
the stall' will be taken after the meeting.
Come.
Routine business bows to matters of im*
portanee to all members of the Daily editorial
sinlV today. Quad picture of those still on
the stall' will be taken after the meeting.
Come.
Routine business bows to matters of im*
portanee to all members of the Daily editorial
sinlV today. Quad picture of those still on
the stall' will be taken after the meeting.
Come.
Routine business bows to matters of im*
portanee to all members of the Daily editorial
sinlV today. Quad picture of those still on
the stall' will be taken after the meeting.
Come.
Routine business bows to matters of im*
portanee to all members of the Daily editorial
sinlV today. Quad picture of those still on
the stall' will be taken after the meeting.
Come.
Routine business bows to matters of im*
portanee to all members of the Daily editorial
sinlV today. Quad picture of those still on
the stall' will be taken after the meeting.
Come.
Routine business bows to matters of im*
portanee to all members of the Daily editorial
sinlV today. Quad picture of those still on
the stall' will be taken after the meeting.
Come.
Routine business bows to matters of im*
portanee to all members of the Daily editorial
sinlV today. Quad picture of those still on
the stall' will be taken after the meeting.
Come.
Routine business bows to matters of im*
portanee to all members of the Daily editorial
sinlV today. Quad picture of those still on
the stall' will be taken after the meeting.
Come.
Routine business bows to matters of im*
portanee to all members of the Daily editorial
sinlV today. Quad picture of those still on
the stall' will be taken after the meeting.
Come.
