# MEMORIAL CHURCH
## 
### 
Sunday, February 22, 1920.
11 a.m.—Divine Worship and Ser
mon.
Preacher: Reverend D. Charles
Gardner.
Solo —"How Beautiful are the
Feet of Them That Hring ITs
the Gospel of Peace"..Handel
Miss Anna Franklin, soprano.
Anthem —"O God Our Help"
Williams
4 o'clock—Organ Recital by War
ren D. Allen, University Or- j
ganist..
Sunday, February 22, 1920.
11 a.m.—Divine Worship and Ser
mon.
Preacher: Reverend D. Charles
Gardner.
Solo —"How Beautiful are the
Feet of Them That Hring ITs
the Gospel of Peace"..Handel
Miss Anna Franklin, soprano.
Anthem —"O God Our Help"
Williams
4 o'clock—Organ Recital by War
ren D. Allen, University Or- j
ganist..
Sunday, February 22, 1920.
11 a.m.—Divine Worship and Ser
mon.
Preacher: Reverend D. Charles
Gardner.
Solo —"How Beautiful are the
Feet of Them That Hring ITs
the Gospel of Peace"..Handel
Miss Anna Franklin, soprano.
Anthem —"O God Our Help"
Williams
4 o'clock—Organ Recital by War
ren D. Allen, University Or- j
ganist..
Sunday, February 22, 1920.
11 a.m.—Divine Worship and Ser
mon.
Preacher: Reverend D. Charles
Gardner.
Solo —"How Beautiful are the
Feet of Them That Hring ITs
the Gospel of Peace"..Handel
Miss Anna Franklin, soprano.
Anthem —"O God Our Help"
Williams
4 o'clock—Organ Recital by War
ren D. Allen, University Or- j
ganist..
Sunday, February 22, 1920.
11 a.m.—Divine Worship and Ser
mon.
Preacher: Reverend D. Charles
Gardner.
Solo —"How Beautiful are the
Feet of Them That Hring ITs
the Gospel of Peace"..Handel
Miss Anna Franklin, soprano.
Anthem —"O God Our Help"
Williams
4 o'clock—Organ Recital by War
ren D. Allen, University Or- j
ganist..
Sunday, February 22, 1920.
11 a.m.—Divine Worship and Ser
mon.
Preacher: Reverend D. Charles
Gardner.
Solo —"How Beautiful are the
Feet of Them That Hring ITs
the Gospel of Peace"..Handel
Miss Anna Franklin, soprano.
Anthem —"O God Our Help"
Williams
4 o'clock—Organ Recital by War
ren D. Allen, University Or- j
ganist..
Sunday, February 22, 1920.
11 a.m.—Divine Worship and Ser
mon.
Preacher: Reverend D. Charles
Gardner.
Solo —"How Beautiful are the
Feet of Them That Hring ITs
the Gospel of Peace"..Handel
Miss Anna Franklin, soprano.
Anthem —"O God Our Help"
Williams
4 o'clock—Organ Recital by War
ren D. Allen, University Or- j
ganist..
Sunday, February 22, 1920.
11 a.m.—Divine Worship and Ser
mon.
Preacher: Reverend D. Charles
Gardner.
Solo —"How Beautiful are the
Feet of Them That Hring ITs
the Gospel of Peace"..Handel
Miss Anna Franklin, soprano.
Anthem —"O God Our Help"
Williams
4 o'clock—Organ Recital by War
ren D. Allen, University Or- j
ganist..
Sunday, February 22, 1920.
11 a.m.—Divine Worship and Ser
mon.
Preacher: Reverend D. Charles
Gardner.
Solo —"How Beautiful are the
Feet of Them That Hring ITs
the Gospel of Peace"..Handel
Miss Anna Franklin, soprano.
Anthem —"O God Our Help"
Williams
4 o'clock—Organ Recital by War
ren D. Allen, University Or- j
ganist..
Sunday, February 22, 1920.
11 a.m.—Divine Worship and Ser
mon.
Preacher: Reverend D. Charles
Gardner.
Solo —"How Beautiful are the
Feet of Them That Hring ITs
the Gospel of Peace"..Handel
Miss Anna Franklin, soprano.
Anthem —"O God Our Help"
Williams
4 o'clock—Organ Recital by War
ren D. Allen, University Or- j
ganist..
Sunday, February 22, 1920.
11 a.m.—Divine Worship and Ser
mon.
Preacher: Reverend D. Charles
Gardner.
Solo —"How Beautiful are the
Feet of Them That Hring ITs
the Gospel of Peace"..Handel
Miss Anna Franklin, soprano.
Anthem —"O God Our Help"
Williams
4 o'clock—Organ Recital by War
ren D. Allen, University Or- j
ganist..
Sunday, February 22, 1920.
11 a.m.—Divine Worship and Ser
mon.
Preacher: Reverend D. Charles
Gardner.
Solo —"How Beautiful are the
Feet of Them That Hring ITs
the Gospel of Peace"..Handel
Miss Anna Franklin, soprano.
Anthem —"O God Our Help"
Williams
4 o'clock—Organ Recital by War
ren D. Allen, University Or- j
ganist..
