# VIRGINIA HOOVER CLUB HOLDS ITS SECOND MEETING
## 
### 
CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va.. Febru
ary 20. â€”Tiie Hoover Club of the Uni
versity of Virginia, which was or
ganized recently with an initial mem
bership of approximately 150 students
and members of the faculty, held its
second meeting on Saturday night, and
the following officers were elected:
Douglas Arant, of Alabama, president;
T. J. Michie, Jr., of Virginia, vice-presi
dent; E. P. Russell, of Tennessee,
secretary, and Staige Blackford, of |
Virginia, treasurer.
According to the constitution, the
members of the Hoover Club have
pledged themselves to work for Hoov
er's nomination by the Democratic
Party for President of the United
States; to use their influence to have
the delegates from their home states
instructed to support HoOver; to tie
cure the organization of local Hoover
Clubs throughout Virginia and in,
other American universities; and to |
uso all proper methods of stimulating
interest in Hoover as the Democratic
candidate. They feel that the next I
President should be a man who trail-;
scends politics in the narrow mean- j
ing that is commonly attributed to;
politics, a inan who has already de-1
monstrated an independent personali-!
ty and who has proved that lie- can
handle problems in an open and just
manner, a man with a keen knowledge
of European and Eastern, as well as
internal and domestic affairs; and
such a man. they think, is Herbert
C. Hoover.
The members of the club are active
ly at work in an effort to accomplish
its purposes and have already secured
the organization of similar clubs in
some of the universities of the coun
try. According to a letter recently
received by the Hoover Club here from
Leland Stanford Junior University, of
California, Herbert Hoover's Alma
Mater, that institution has followed
the lead of the University of Virginia
and an active campaign in Hoover's
interest has been started there.
