# Large Sum Collected For Eastern Relief
## 
### 
The appeal for Near East relief, which
was made on the campus last week,
brought in $503.85. Of this sum almost
$200.00 was contributed by the students.
Fifteen dollars sent by campus residents
in response to a call at Christmas, is
to be credited to this fund, making a
total cf $518.85.
The appeal for Near East relief, which
was made on the campus last week,
brought in $503.85. Of this sum almost
$200.00 was contributed by the students.
Fifteen dollars sent by campus residents
in response to a call at Christmas, is
to be credited to this fund, making a
total cf $518.85.
The appeal for Near East relief, which
was made on the campus last week,
brought in $503.85. Of this sum almost
$200.00 was contributed by the students.
Fifteen dollars sent by campus residents
in response to a call at Christmas, is
to be credited to this fund, making a
total cf $518.85.
The appeal for Near East relief, which
was made on the campus last week,
brought in $503.85. Of this sum almost
$200.00 was contributed by the students.
Fifteen dollars sent by campus residents
in response to a call at Christmas, is
to be credited to this fund, making a
total cf $518.85.
The appeal for Near East relief, which
was made on the campus last week,
brought in $503.85. Of this sum almost
$200.00 was contributed by the students.
Fifteen dollars sent by campus residents
in response to a call at Christmas, is
to be credited to this fund, making a
total cf $518.85.
The appeal for Near East relief, which
was made on the campus last week,
brought in $503.85. Of this sum almost
$200.00 was contributed by the students.
Fifteen dollars sent by campus residents
in response to a call at Christmas, is
to be credited to this fund, making a
total cf $518.85.
The appeal for Near East relief, which
was made on the campus last week,
brought in $503.85. Of this sum almost
$200.00 was contributed by the students.
Fifteen dollars sent by campus residents
in response to a call at Christmas, is
to be credited to this fund, making a
total cf $518.85.
The appeal for Near East relief, which
was made on the campus last week,
brought in $503.85. Of this sum almost
$200.00 was contributed by the students.
Fifteen dollars sent by campus residents
in response to a call at Christmas, is
to be credited to this fund, making a
total cf $518.85.
The appeal for Near East relief, which
was made on the campus last week,
brought in $503.85. Of this sum almost
$200.00 was contributed by the students.
Fifteen dollars sent by campus residents
in response to a call at Christmas, is
to be credited to this fund, making a
total cf $518.85.
The appeal for Near East relief, which
was made on the campus last week,
brought in $503.85. Of this sum almost
$200.00 was contributed by the students.
Fifteen dollars sent by campus residents
in response to a call at Christmas, is
to be credited to this fund, making a
total cf $518.85.
The appeal for Near East relief, which
was made on the campus last week,
brought in $503.85. Of this sum almost
$200.00 was contributed by the students.
Fifteen dollars sent by campus residents
in response to a call at Christmas, is
to be credited to this fund, making a
total cf $518.85.
The appeal for Near East relief, which
was made on the campus last week,
brought in $503.85. Of this sum almost
$200.00 was contributed by the students.
Fifteen dollars sent by campus residents
in response to a call at Christmas, is
to be credited to this fund, making a
total cf $518.85.
