# Ten Countries Have Students at Kansas
## 
### 
LAWRENCE, Kansas. — Students
from ten foreign countries and one
province of the United States are at
tending the University of Kansas.
Students from the Philippine Islands
lead in numbers with ten in attend
ance. Russia follows a close second
with seven students. There are two
Englishmen attending and one each of
the following; Swiss, Pole, Canadian,
Czecho-Slovakian, German, Bulgarian,
Jap and Hawaiian.
There are other students whose par
ents were born in foreign countries,
hut the above students named are
either residents of their own country,
or have just recently come to the
United States.
LAWRENCE, Kansas. — Students
from ten foreign countries and one
province of the United States are at
tending the University of Kansas.
Students from the Philippine Islands
lead in numbers with ten in attend
ance. Russia follows a close second
with seven students. There are two
Englishmen attending and one each of
the following; Swiss, Pole, Canadian,
Czecho-Slovakian, German, Bulgarian,
Jap and Hawaiian.
There are other students whose par
ents were born in foreign countries,
hut the above students named are
either residents of their own country,
or have just recently come to the
United States.
LAWRENCE, Kansas. — Students
from ten foreign countries and one
province of the United States are at
tending the University of Kansas.
Students from the Philippine Islands
lead in numbers with ten in attend
ance. Russia follows a close second
with seven students. There are two
Englishmen attending and one each of
the following; Swiss, Pole, Canadian,
Czecho-Slovakian, German, Bulgarian,
Jap and Hawaiian.
There are other students whose par
ents were born in foreign countries,
hut the above students named are
either residents of their own country,
or have just recently come to the
United States.
LAWRENCE, Kansas. — Students
from ten foreign countries and one
province of the United States are at
tending the University of Kansas.
Students from the Philippine Islands
lead in numbers with ten in attend
ance. Russia follows a close second
with seven students. There are two
Englishmen attending and one each of
the following; Swiss, Pole, Canadian,
Czecho-Slovakian, German, Bulgarian,
Jap and Hawaiian.
There are other students whose par
ents were born in foreign countries,
hut the above students named are
either residents of their own country,
or have just recently come to the
United States.
LAWRENCE, Kansas. — Students
from ten foreign countries and one
province of the United States are at
tending the University of Kansas.
Students from the Philippine Islands
lead in numbers with ten in attend
ance. Russia follows a close second
with seven students. There are two
Englishmen attending and one each of
the following; Swiss, Pole, Canadian,
Czecho-Slovakian, German, Bulgarian,
Jap and Hawaiian.
There are other students whose par
ents were born in foreign countries,
hut the above students named are
either residents of their own country,
or have just recently come to the
United States.
LAWRENCE, Kansas. — Students
from ten foreign countries and one
province of the United States are at
tending the University of Kansas.
Students from the Philippine Islands
lead in numbers with ten in attend
ance. Russia follows a close second
with seven students. There are two
Englishmen attending and one each of
the following; Swiss, Pole, Canadian,
Czecho-Slovakian, German, Bulgarian,
Jap and Hawaiian.
There are other students whose par
ents were born in foreign countries,
hut the above students named are
either residents of their own country,
or have just recently come to the
United States.
LAWRENCE, Kansas. — Students
from ten foreign countries and one
province of the United States are at
tending the University of Kansas.
Students from the Philippine Islands
lead in numbers with ten in attend
ance. Russia follows a close second
with seven students. There are two
Englishmen attending and one each of
the following; Swiss, Pole, Canadian,
Czecho-Slovakian, German, Bulgarian,
Jap and Hawaiian.
There are other students whose par
ents were born in foreign countries,
hut the above students named are
either residents of their own country,
or have just recently come to the
United States.
LAWRENCE, Kansas. — Students
from ten foreign countries and one
province of the United States are at
tending the University of Kansas.
Students from the Philippine Islands
lead in numbers with ten in attend
ance. Russia follows a close second
with seven students. There are two
Englishmen attending and one each of
the following; Swiss, Pole, Canadian,
Czecho-Slovakian, German, Bulgarian,
Jap and Hawaiian.
There are other students whose par
ents were born in foreign countries,
hut the above students named are
either residents of their own country,
or have just recently come to the
United States.
LAWRENCE, Kansas. — Students
from ten foreign countries and one
province of the United States are at
tending the University of Kansas.
Students from the Philippine Islands
lead in numbers with ten in attend
ance. Russia follows a close second
with seven students. There are two
Englishmen attending and one each of
the following; Swiss, Pole, Canadian,
Czecho-Slovakian, German, Bulgarian,
Jap and Hawaiian.
There are other students whose par
ents were born in foreign countries,
hut the above students named are
either residents of their own country,
or have just recently come to the
United States.
LAWRENCE, Kansas. — Students
from ten foreign countries and one
province of the United States are at
tending the University of Kansas.
Students from the Philippine Islands
lead in numbers with ten in attend
ance. Russia follows a close second
with seven students. There are two
Englishmen attending and one each of
the following; Swiss, Pole, Canadian,
Czecho-Slovakian, German, Bulgarian,
Jap and Hawaiian.
There are other students whose par
ents were born in foreign countries,
hut the above students named are
either residents of their own country,
or have just recently come to the
United States.
LAWRENCE, Kansas. — Students
from ten foreign countries and one
province of the United States are at
tending the University of Kansas.
Students from the Philippine Islands
lead in numbers with ten in attend
ance. Russia follows a close second
with seven students. There are two
Englishmen attending and one each of
the following; Swiss, Pole, Canadian,
Czecho-Slovakian, German, Bulgarian,
Jap and Hawaiian.
There are other students whose par
ents were born in foreign countries,
hut the above students named are
either residents of their own country,
or have just recently come to the
United States.
LAWRENCE, Kansas. — Students
from ten foreign countries and one
province of the United States are at
tending the University of Kansas.
Students from the Philippine Islands
lead in numbers with ten in attend
ance. Russia follows a close second
with seven students. There are two
Englishmen attending and one each of
the following; Swiss, Pole, Canadian,
Czecho-Slovakian, German, Bulgarian,
Jap and Hawaiian.
There are other students whose par
ents were born in foreign countries,
hut the above students named are
either residents of their own country,
or have just recently come to the
United States.
