# Cotillion Tickets Go On Sale Monday.
## 
### 
Tickets for the Sophomore cotillion
will go on sale November 30 at the
Bookstore. This year there will be
only 125 tickets sold. The dance will
be held at the Armory in Palo Alto,
as customary. It is the intention of
the committee to have sixteen dances,
with no extras.
Tickets for the Sophomore cotillion
will go on sale November 30 at the
Bookstore. This year there will be
only 125 tickets sold. The dance will
be held at the Armory in Palo Alto,
as customary. It is the intention of
the committee to have sixteen dances,
with no extras.
Tickets for the Sophomore cotillion
will go on sale November 30 at the
Bookstore. This year there will be
only 125 tickets sold. The dance will
be held at the Armory in Palo Alto,
as customary. It is the intention of
the committee to have sixteen dances,
with no extras.
Tickets for the Sophomore cotillion
will go on sale November 30 at the
Bookstore. This year there will be
only 125 tickets sold. The dance will
be held at the Armory in Palo Alto,
as customary. It is the intention of
the committee to have sixteen dances,
with no extras.
Tickets for the Sophomore cotillion
will go on sale November 30 at the
Bookstore. This year there will be
only 125 tickets sold. The dance will
be held at the Armory in Palo Alto,
as customary. It is the intention of
the committee to have sixteen dances,
with no extras.
Tickets for the Sophomore cotillion
will go on sale November 30 at the
Bookstore. This year there will be
only 125 tickets sold. The dance will
be held at the Armory in Palo Alto,
as customary. It is the intention of
the committee to have sixteen dances,
with no extras.
Tickets for the Sophomore cotillion
will go on sale November 30 at the
Bookstore. This year there will be
only 125 tickets sold. The dance will
be held at the Armory in Palo Alto,
as customary. It is the intention of
the committee to have sixteen dances,
with no extras.
Tickets for the Sophomore cotillion
will go on sale November 30 at the
Bookstore. This year there will be
only 125 tickets sold. The dance will
be held at the Armory in Palo Alto,
as customary. It is the intention of
the committee to have sixteen dances,
with no extras.
Tickets for the Sophomore cotillion
will go on sale November 30 at the
Bookstore. This year there will be
only 125 tickets sold. The dance will
be held at the Armory in Palo Alto,
as customary. It is the intention of
the committee to have sixteen dances,
with no extras.
Tickets for the Sophomore cotillion
will go on sale November 30 at the
Bookstore. This year there will be
only 125 tickets sold. The dance will
be held at the Armory in Palo Alto,
as customary. It is the intention of
the committee to have sixteen dances,
with no extras.
Tickets for the Sophomore cotillion
will go on sale November 30 at the
Bookstore. This year there will be
only 125 tickets sold. The dance will
be held at the Armory in Palo Alto,
as customary. It is the intention of
the committee to have sixteen dances,
with no extras.
Tickets for the Sophomore cotillion
will go on sale November 30 at the
Bookstore. This year there will be
only 125 tickets sold. The dance will
be held at the Armory in Palo Alto,
as customary. It is the intention of
the committee to have sixteen dances,
with no extras.
Tickets for the Sophomore cotillion
will go on sale November 30 at the
Bookstore. This year there will be
only 125 tickets sold. The dance will
be held at the Armory in Palo Alto,
as customary. It is the intention of
the committee to have sixteen dances,
with no extras.
Tickets for the Sophomore cotillion
will go on sale November 30 at the
Bookstore. This year there will be
only 125 tickets sold. The dance will
be held at the Armory in Palo Alto,
as customary. It is the intention of
the committee to have sixteen dances,
with no extras.
