# Railroad Service Changed.
## 
### 
Through service 011 the Coast Lines
of the Southern Pacific will be resum
ed Friday with five trains running
through to Los Angeles. Since Sep
tember, on account of the burning of
the tunnel at San Luis Obispo, all
through coast line trains have been
routed via the valley. No change in
the former schedule has been made.
The trains will leave San Francisco
as follows: Shore Line Limited, S:00
a.m.; The Coaster, 8:05 a.m.; Sunset
Express, 4:00 p.m.; The Lark. S:00
p.m.; Los Angeles Express, 10 p.m.
Through service 011 the Coast Lines
of the Southern Pacific will be resum
ed Friday with five trains running
through to Los Angeles. Since Sep
tember, on account of the burning of
the tunnel at San Luis Obispo, all
through coast line trains have been
routed via the valley. No change in
the former schedule has been made.
The trains will leave San Francisco
as follows: Shore Line Limited, S:00
a.m.; The Coaster, 8:05 a.m.; Sunset
Express, 4:00 p.m.; The Lark. S:00
p.m.; Los Angeles Express, 10 p.m.
Through service 011 the Coast Lines
of the Southern Pacific will be resum
ed Friday with five trains running
through to Los Angeles. Since Sep
tember, on account of the burning of
the tunnel at San Luis Obispo, all
through coast line trains have been
routed via the valley. No change in
the former schedule has been made.
The trains will leave San Francisco
as follows: Shore Line Limited, S:00
a.m.; The Coaster, 8:05 a.m.; Sunset
Express, 4:00 p.m.; The Lark. S:00
p.m.; Los Angeles Express, 10 p.m.
Through service 011 the Coast Lines
of the Southern Pacific will be resum
ed Friday with five trains running
through to Los Angeles. Since Sep
tember, on account of the burning of
the tunnel at San Luis Obispo, all
through coast line trains have been
routed via the valley. No change in
the former schedule has been made.
The trains will leave San Francisco
as follows: Shore Line Limited, S:00
a.m.; The Coaster, 8:05 a.m.; Sunset
Express, 4:00 p.m.; The Lark. S:00
p.m.; Los Angeles Express, 10 p.m.
Through service 011 the Coast Lines
of the Southern Pacific will be resum
ed Friday with five trains running
through to Los Angeles. Since Sep
tember, on account of the burning of
the tunnel at San Luis Obispo, all
through coast line trains have been
routed via the valley. No change in
the former schedule has been made.
The trains will leave San Francisco
as follows: Shore Line Limited, S:00
a.m.; The Coaster, 8:05 a.m.; Sunset
Express, 4:00 p.m.; The Lark. S:00
p.m.; Los Angeles Express, 10 p.m.
Through service 011 the Coast Lines
of the Southern Pacific will be resum
ed Friday with five trains running
through to Los Angeles. Since Sep
tember, on account of the burning of
the tunnel at San Luis Obispo, all
through coast line trains have been
routed via the valley. No change in
the former schedule has been made.
The trains will leave San Francisco
as follows: Shore Line Limited, S:00
a.m.; The Coaster, 8:05 a.m.; Sunset
Express, 4:00 p.m.; The Lark. S:00
p.m.; Los Angeles Express, 10 p.m.
Through service 011 the Coast Lines
of the Southern Pacific will be resum
ed Friday with five trains running
through to Los Angeles. Since Sep
tember, on account of the burning of
the tunnel at San Luis Obispo, all
through coast line trains have been
routed via the valley. No change in
the former schedule has been made.
The trains will leave San Francisco
as follows: Shore Line Limited, S:00
a.m.; The Coaster, 8:05 a.m.; Sunset
Express, 4:00 p.m.; The Lark. S:00
p.m.; Los Angeles Express, 10 p.m.
Through service 011 the Coast Lines
of the Southern Pacific will be resum
ed Friday with five trains running
through to Los Angeles. Since Sep
tember, on account of the burning of
the tunnel at San Luis Obispo, all
through coast line trains have been
routed via the valley. No change in
the former schedule has been made.
The trains will leave San Francisco
as follows: Shore Line Limited, S:00
a.m.; The Coaster, 8:05 a.m.; Sunset
Express, 4:00 p.m.; The Lark. S:00
p.m.; Los Angeles Express, 10 p.m.
Through service 011 the Coast Lines
of the Southern Pacific will be resum
ed Friday with five trains running
through to Los Angeles. Since Sep
tember, on account of the burning of
the tunnel at San Luis Obispo, all
through coast line trains have been
routed via the valley. No change in
the former schedule has been made.
The trains will leave San Francisco
as follows: Shore Line Limited, S:00
a.m.; The Coaster, 8:05 a.m.; Sunset
Express, 4:00 p.m.; The Lark. S:00
p.m.; Los Angeles Express, 10 p.m.
Through service 011 the Coast Lines
of the Southern Pacific will be resum
ed Friday with five trains running
through to Los Angeles. Since Sep
tember, on account of the burning of
the tunnel at San Luis Obispo, all
through coast line trains have been
routed via the valley. No change in
the former schedule has been made.
The trains will leave San Francisco
as follows: Shore Line Limited, S:00
a.m.; The Coaster, 8:05 a.m.; Sunset
Express, 4:00 p.m.; The Lark. S:00
p.m.; Los Angeles Express, 10 p.m.
Through service 011 the Coast Lines
of the Southern Pacific will be resum
ed Friday with five trains running
through to Los Angeles. Since Sep
tember, on account of the burning of
the tunnel at San Luis Obispo, all
through coast line trains have been
routed via the valley. No change in
the former schedule has been made.
The trains will leave San Francisco
as follows: Shore Line Limited, S:00
a.m.; The Coaster, 8:05 a.m.; Sunset
Express, 4:00 p.m.; The Lark. S:00
p.m.; Los Angeles Express, 10 p.m.
Through service 011 the Coast Lines
of the Southern Pacific will be resum
ed Friday with five trains running
through to Los Angeles. Since Sep
tember, on account of the burning of
the tunnel at San Luis Obispo, all
through coast line trains have been
routed via the valley. No change in
the former schedule has been made.
The trains will leave San Francisco
as follows: Shore Line Limited, S:00
a.m.; The Coaster, 8:05 a.m.; Sunset
Express, 4:00 p.m.; The Lark. S:00
p.m.; Los Angeles Express, 10 p.m.
Through service 011 the Coast Lines
of the Southern Pacific will be resum
ed Friday with five trains running
through to Los Angeles. Since Sep
tember, on account of the burning of
the tunnel at San Luis Obispo, all
through coast line trains have been
routed via the valley. No change in
the former schedule has been made.
The trains will leave San Francisco
as follows: Shore Line Limited, S:00
a.m.; The Coaster, 8:05 a.m.; Sunset
Express, 4:00 p.m.; The Lark. S:00
p.m.; Los Angeles Express, 10 p.m.
Through service 011 the Coast Lines
of the Southern Pacific will be resum
ed Friday with five trains running
through to Los Angeles. Since Sep
tember, on account of the burning of
the tunnel at San Luis Obispo, all
through coast line trains have been
routed via the valley. No change in
the former schedule has been made.
The trains will leave San Francisco
as follows: Shore Line Limited, S:00
a.m.; The Coaster, 8:05 a.m.; Sunset
Express, 4:00 p.m.; The Lark. S:00
p.m.; Los Angeles Express, 10 p.m.
