# Lightfoot Story In New Booklet
## 
### 
Prince Lightfoot, Stanford mas
cot making his final appearance
of the football season Saturday,
recently made his first appear
ance as an author, with publica
tion of "Indian from the Califor
nia Redwoods."
The booklet tells Prince Light
foot's background, and describes
the Yurok Indians with photo
graphs and descriptions of their
costumes, language, history, art,
crafts, and legends.
Lightfoot's authentic head
dresses and costumes attracted
attention of friends who urged
him to contact Stanford. He has
been Stanford's mascot since
1952.
The booklet features Light
foot's favorite legend, "How the
Indian got the Red Feather and
Ihe Acorn."
As a San Francisco office
manager and master of ceremon
ies of a children's TV program,
Lightfoot is known by his real
name, Timm Williams.
Prince Lightfoot, Stanford mas
cot making his final appearance
of the football season Saturday,
recently made his first appear
ance as an author, with publica
tion of "Indian from the Califor
nia Redwoods."
The booklet tells Prince Light
foot's background, and describes
the Yurok Indians with photo
graphs and descriptions of their
costumes, language, history, art,
crafts, and legends.
Lightfoot's authentic head
dresses and costumes attracted
attention of friends who urged
him to contact Stanford. He has
been Stanford's mascot since
1952.
The booklet features Light
foot's favorite legend, "How the
Indian got the Red Feather and
Ihe Acorn."
As a San Francisco office
manager and master of ceremon
ies of a children's TV program,
Lightfoot is known by his real
name, Timm Williams.
Prince Lightfoot, Stanford mas
cot making his final appearance
of the football season Saturday,
recently made his first appear
ance as an author, with publica
tion of "Indian from the Califor
nia Redwoods."
The booklet tells Prince Light
foot's background, and describes
the Yurok Indians with photo
graphs and descriptions of their
costumes, language, history, art,
crafts, and legends.
Lightfoot's authentic head
dresses and costumes attracted
attention of friends who urged
him to contact Stanford. He has
been Stanford's mascot since
1952.
The booklet features Light
foot's favorite legend, "How the
Indian got the Red Feather and
Ihe Acorn."
As a San Francisco office
manager and master of ceremon
ies of a children's TV program,
Lightfoot is known by his real
name, Timm Williams.
Prince Lightfoot, Stanford mas
cot making his final appearance
of the football season Saturday,
recently made his first appear
ance as an author, with publica
tion of "Indian from the Califor
nia Redwoods."
The booklet tells Prince Light
foot's background, and describes
the Yurok Indians with photo
graphs and descriptions of their
costumes, language, history, art,
crafts, and legends.
Lightfoot's authentic head
dresses and costumes attracted
attention of friends who urged
him to contact Stanford. He has
been Stanford's mascot since
1952.
The booklet features Light
foot's favorite legend, "How the
Indian got the Red Feather and
Ihe Acorn."
As a San Francisco office
manager and master of ceremon
ies of a children's TV program,
Lightfoot is known by his real
name, Timm Williams.
Prince Lightfoot, Stanford mas
cot making his final appearance
of the football season Saturday,
recently made his first appear
ance as an author, with publica
tion of "Indian from the Califor
nia Redwoods."
The booklet tells Prince Light
foot's background, and describes
the Yurok Indians with photo
graphs and descriptions of their
costumes, language, history, art,
crafts, and legends.
Lightfoot's authentic head
dresses and costumes attracted
attention of friends who urged
him to contact Stanford. He has
been Stanford's mascot since
1952.
The booklet features Light
foot's favorite legend, "How the
Indian got the Red Feather and
Ihe Acorn."
As a San Francisco office
manager and master of ceremon
ies of a children's TV program,
Lightfoot is known by his real
name, Timm Williams.
Prince Lightfoot, Stanford mas
cot making his final appearance
of the football season Saturday,
recently made his first appear
ance as an author, with publica
tion of "Indian from the Califor
nia Redwoods."
The booklet tells Prince Light
foot's background, and describes
the Yurok Indians with photo
graphs and descriptions of their
costumes, language, history, art,
crafts, and legends.
Lightfoot's authentic head
dresses and costumes attracted
attention of friends who urged
him to contact Stanford. He has
been Stanford's mascot since
1952.
The booklet features Light
foot's favorite legend, "How the
Indian got the Red Feather and
Ihe Acorn."
As a San Francisco office
manager and master of ceremon
ies of a children's TV program,
Lightfoot is known by his real
name, Timm Williams.
Prince Lightfoot, Stanford mas
cot making his final appearance
of the football season Saturday,
recently made his first appear
ance as an author, with publica
tion of "Indian from the Califor
nia Redwoods."
The booklet tells Prince Light
foot's background, and describes
the Yurok Indians with photo
graphs and descriptions of their
costumes, language, history, art,
crafts, and legends.
Lightfoot's authentic head
dresses and costumes attracted
attention of friends who urged
him to contact Stanford. He has
been Stanford's mascot since
1952.
The booklet features Light
foot's favorite legend, "How the
Indian got the Red Feather and
Ihe Acorn."
As a San Francisco office
manager and master of ceremon
ies of a children's TV program,
Lightfoot is known by his real
name, Timm Williams.
Prince Lightfoot, Stanford mas
cot making his final appearance
of the football season Saturday,
recently made his first appear
ance as an author, with publica
tion of "Indian from the Califor
nia Redwoods."
The booklet tells Prince Light
foot's background, and describes
the Yurok Indians with photo
graphs and descriptions of their
costumes, language, history, art,
crafts, and legends.
Lightfoot's authentic head
dresses and costumes attracted
attention of friends who urged
him to contact Stanford. He has
been Stanford's mascot since
1952.
The booklet features Light
foot's favorite legend, "How the
Indian got the Red Feather and
Ihe Acorn."
As a San Francisco office
manager and master of ceremon
ies of a children's TV program,
Lightfoot is known by his real
name, Timm Williams.
Prince Lightfoot, Stanford mas
cot making his final appearance
of the football season Saturday,
recently made his first appear
ance as an author, with publica
tion of "Indian from the Califor
nia Redwoods."
The booklet tells Prince Light
foot's background, and describes
the Yurok Indians with photo
graphs and descriptions of their
costumes, language, history, art,
crafts, and legends.
Lightfoot's authentic head
dresses and costumes attracted
attention of friends who urged
him to contact Stanford. He has
been Stanford's mascot since
1952.
The booklet features Light
foot's favorite legend, "How the
Indian got the Red Feather and
Ihe Acorn."
As a San Francisco office
manager and master of ceremon
ies of a children's TV program,
Lightfoot is known by his real
name, Timm Williams.
Prince Lightfoot, Stanford mas
cot making his final appearance
of the football season Saturday,
recently made his first appear
ance as an author, with publica
tion of "Indian from the Califor
nia Redwoods."
The booklet tells Prince Light
foot's background, and describes
the Yurok Indians with photo
graphs and descriptions of their
costumes, language, history, art,
crafts, and legends.
Lightfoot's authentic head
dresses and costumes attracted
attention of friends who urged
him to contact Stanford. He has
been Stanford's mascot since
1952.
The booklet features Light
foot's favorite legend, "How the
Indian got the Red Feather and
Ihe Acorn."
As a San Francisco office
manager and master of ceremon
ies of a children's TV program,
Lightfoot is known by his real
name, Timm Williams.
Prince Lightfoot, Stanford mas
cot making his final appearance
of the football season Saturday,
recently made his first appear
ance as an author, with publica
tion of "Indian from the Califor
nia Redwoods."
The booklet tells Prince Light
foot's background, and describes
the Yurok Indians with photo
graphs and descriptions of their
costumes, language, history, art,
crafts, and legends.
Lightfoot's authentic head
dresses and costumes attracted
attention of friends who urged
him to contact Stanford. He has
been Stanford's mascot since
1952.
The booklet features Light
foot's favorite legend, "How the
Indian got the Red Feather and
Ihe Acorn."
As a San Francisco office
manager and master of ceremon
ies of a children's TV program,
Lightfoot is known by his real
name, Timm Williams.
Prince Lightfoot, Stanford mas
cot making his final appearance
of the football season Saturday,
recently made his first appear
ance as an author, with publica
tion of "Indian from the Califor
nia Redwoods."
The booklet tells Prince Light
foot's background, and describes
the Yurok Indians with photo
graphs and descriptions of their
costumes, language, history, art,
crafts, and legends.
Lightfoot's authentic head
dresses and costumes attracted
attention of friends who urged
him to contact Stanford. He has
been Stanford's mascot since
1952.
The booklet features Light
foot's favorite legend, "How the
Indian got the Red Feather and
Ihe Acorn."
As a San Francisco office
manager and master of ceremon
ies of a children's TV program,
Lightfoot is known by his real
name, Timm Williams.
Prince Lightfoot, Stanford mas
cot making his final appearance
of the football season Saturday,
recently made his first appear
ance as an author, with publica
tion of "Indian from the Califor
nia Redwoods."
The booklet tells Prince Light
foot's background, and describes
the Yurok Indians with photo
graphs and descriptions of their
costumes, language, history, art,
crafts, and legends.
Lightfoot's authentic head
dresses and costumes attracted
attention of friends who urged
him to contact Stanford. He has
been Stanford's mascot since
1952.
The booklet features Light
foot's favorite legend, "How the
Indian got the Red Feather and
Ihe Acorn."
As a San Francisco office
manager and master of ceremon
ies of a children's TV program,
Lightfoot is known by his real
name, Timm Williams.
Prince Lightfoot, Stanford mas
cot making his final appearance
of the football season Saturday,
recently made his first appear
ance as an author, with publica
tion of "Indian from the Califor
nia Redwoods."
The booklet tells Prince Light
foot's background, and describes
the Yurok Indians with photo
graphs and descriptions of their
costumes, language, history, art,
crafts, and legends.
Lightfoot's authentic head
dresses and costumes attracted
attention of friends who urged
him to contact Stanford. He has
been Stanford's mascot since
1952.
The booklet features Light
foot's favorite legend, "How the
Indian got the Red Feather and
Ihe Acorn."
As a San Francisco office
manager and master of ceremon
ies of a children's TV program,
Lightfoot is known by his real
name, Timm Williams.
Prince Lightfoot, Stanford mas
cot making his final appearance
of the football season Saturday,
recently made his first appear
ance as an author, with publica
tion of "Indian from the Califor
nia Redwoods."
The booklet tells Prince Light
foot's background, and describes
the Yurok Indians with photo
graphs and descriptions of their
costumes, language, history, art,
crafts, and legends.
Lightfoot's authentic head
dresses and costumes attracted
attention of friends who urged
him to contact Stanford. He has
been Stanford's mascot since
1952.
The booklet features Light
foot's favorite legend, "How the
Indian got the Red Feather and
Ihe Acorn."
As a San Francisco office
manager and master of ceremon
ies of a children's TV program,
Lightfoot is known by his real
name, Timm Williams.
Prince Lightfoot, Stanford mas
cot making his final appearance
of the football season Saturday,
recently made his first appear
ance as an author, with publica
tion of "Indian from the Califor
nia Redwoods."
The booklet tells Prince Light
foot's background, and describes
the Yurok Indians with photo
graphs and descriptions of their
costumes, language, history, art,
crafts, and legends.
Lightfoot's authentic head
dresses and costumes attracted
attention of friends who urged
him to contact Stanford. He has
been Stanford's mascot since
1952.
The booklet features Light
foot's favorite legend, "How the
Indian got the Red Feather and
Ihe Acorn."
As a San Francisco office
manager and master of ceremon
ies of a children's TV program,
Lightfoot is known by his real
name, Timm Williams.
Prince Lightfoot, Stanford mas
cot making his final appearance
of the football season Saturday,
recently made his first appear
ance as an author, with publica
tion of "Indian from the Califor
nia Redwoods."
The booklet tells Prince Light
foot's background, and describes
the Yurok Indians with photo
graphs and descriptions of their
costumes, language, history, art,
crafts, and legends.
Lightfoot's authentic head
dresses and costumes attracted
attention of friends who urged
him to contact Stanford. He has
been Stanford's mascot since
1952.
The booklet features Light
foot's favorite legend, "How the
Indian got the Red Feather and
Ihe Acorn."
As a San Francisco office
manager and master of ceremon
ies of a children's TV program,
Lightfoot is known by his real
name, Timm Williams.
Prince Lightfoot, Stanford mas
cot making his final appearance
of the football season Saturday,
recently made his first appear
ance as an author, with publica
tion of "Indian from the Califor
nia Redwoods."
The booklet tells Prince Light
foot's background, and describes
the Yurok Indians with photo
graphs and descriptions of their
costumes, language, history, art,
crafts, and legends.
Lightfoot's authentic head
dresses and costumes attracted
attention of friends who urged
him to contact Stanford. He has
been Stanford's mascot since
1952.
The booklet features Light
foot's favorite legend, "How the
Indian got the Red Feather and
Ihe Acorn."
As a San Francisco office
manager and master of ceremon
ies of a children's TV program,
Lightfoot is known by his real
name, Timm Williams.
