# Charles Marx Appointed On Bay Bridge Committee
## 
### 
Giarlcs D. Marx, civil engineer and
professor emeritus of civil engineering
at Stanford University, was named yes
terday, with George T. Cameron, pub
lisher of the San Francisco Chronicle,
State Senator Arthur H. Breed of Oak
land, and four appointees recently se
lcctcd by President Hoover, as a member
of the San Francisco Bay Bridge Com
mission. The appointment was made by
Governor C. C. Young.
Giarlcs D. Marx, civil engineer and
professor emeritus of civil engineering
at Stanford University, was named yes
terday, with George T. Cameron, pub
lisher of the San Francisco Chronicle,
State Senator Arthur H. Breed of Oak
land, and four appointees recently se
lcctcd by President Hoover, as a member
of the San Francisco Bay Bridge Com
mission. The appointment was made by
Governor C. C. Young.
Giarlcs D. Marx, civil engineer and
professor emeritus of civil engineering
at Stanford University, was named yes
terday, with George T. Cameron, pub
lisher of the San Francisco Chronicle,
State Senator Arthur H. Breed of Oak
land, and four appointees recently se
lcctcd by President Hoover, as a member
of the San Francisco Bay Bridge Com
mission. The appointment was made by
Governor C. C. Young.
Giarlcs D. Marx, civil engineer and
professor emeritus of civil engineering
at Stanford University, was named yes
terday, with George T. Cameron, pub
lisher of the San Francisco Chronicle,
State Senator Arthur H. Breed of Oak
land, and four appointees recently se
lcctcd by President Hoover, as a member
of the San Francisco Bay Bridge Com
mission. The appointment was made by
Governor C. C. Young.
Giarlcs D. Marx, civil engineer and
professor emeritus of civil engineering
at Stanford University, was named yes
terday, with George T. Cameron, pub
lisher of the San Francisco Chronicle,
State Senator Arthur H. Breed of Oak
land, and four appointees recently se
lcctcd by President Hoover, as a member
of the San Francisco Bay Bridge Com
mission. The appointment was made by
Governor C. C. Young.
Giarlcs D. Marx, civil engineer and
professor emeritus of civil engineering
at Stanford University, was named yes
terday, with George T. Cameron, pub
lisher of the San Francisco Chronicle,
State Senator Arthur H. Breed of Oak
land, and four appointees recently se
lcctcd by President Hoover, as a member
of the San Francisco Bay Bridge Com
mission. The appointment was made by
Governor C. C. Young.
Giarlcs D. Marx, civil engineer and
professor emeritus of civil engineering
at Stanford University, was named yes
terday, with George T. Cameron, pub
lisher of the San Francisco Chronicle,
State Senator Arthur H. Breed of Oak
land, and four appointees recently se
lcctcd by President Hoover, as a member
of the San Francisco Bay Bridge Com
mission. The appointment was made by
Governor C. C. Young.
Giarlcs D. Marx, civil engineer and
professor emeritus of civil engineering
at Stanford University, was named yes
terday, with George T. Cameron, pub
lisher of the San Francisco Chronicle,
State Senator Arthur H. Breed of Oak
land, and four appointees recently se
lcctcd by President Hoover, as a member
of the San Francisco Bay Bridge Com
mission. The appointment was made by
Governor C. C. Young.
Giarlcs D. Marx, civil engineer and
professor emeritus of civil engineering
at Stanford University, was named yes
terday, with George T. Cameron, pub
lisher of the San Francisco Chronicle,
State Senator Arthur H. Breed of Oak
land, and four appointees recently se
lcctcd by President Hoover, as a member
of the San Francisco Bay Bridge Com
mission. The appointment was made by
Governor C. C. Young.
Giarlcs D. Marx, civil engineer and
professor emeritus of civil engineering
at Stanford University, was named yes
terday, with George T. Cameron, pub
lisher of the San Francisco Chronicle,
State Senator Arthur H. Breed of Oak
land, and four appointees recently se
lcctcd by President Hoover, as a member
of the San Francisco Bay Bridge Com
mission. The appointment was made by
Governor C. C. Young.
Giarlcs D. Marx, civil engineer and
professor emeritus of civil engineering
at Stanford University, was named yes
terday, with George T. Cameron, pub
lisher of the San Francisco Chronicle,
State Senator Arthur H. Breed of Oak
land, and four appointees recently se
lcctcd by President Hoover, as a member
of the San Francisco Bay Bridge Com
mission. The appointment was made by
Governor C. C. Young.
Giarlcs D. Marx, civil engineer and
professor emeritus of civil engineering
at Stanford University, was named yes
terday, with George T. Cameron, pub
lisher of the San Francisco Chronicle,
State Senator Arthur H. Breed of Oak
land, and four appointees recently se
lcctcd by President Hoover, as a member
of the San Francisco Bay Bridge Com
mission. The appointment was made by
Governor C. C. Young.
Giarlcs D. Marx, civil engineer and
professor emeritus of civil engineering
at Stanford University, was named yes
terday, with George T. Cameron, pub
lisher of the San Francisco Chronicle,
State Senator Arthur H. Breed of Oak
land, and four appointees recently se
lcctcd by President Hoover, as a member
of the San Francisco Bay Bridge Com
mission. The appointment was made by
Governor C. C. Young.
Giarlcs D. Marx, civil engineer and
professor emeritus of civil engineering
at Stanford University, was named yes
terday, with George T. Cameron, pub
lisher of the San Francisco Chronicle,
State Senator Arthur H. Breed of Oak
land, and four appointees recently se
lcctcd by President Hoover, as a member
of the San Francisco Bay Bridge Com
mission. The appointment was made by
Governor C. C. Young.
Giarlcs D. Marx, civil engineer and
professor emeritus of civil engineering
at Stanford University, was named yes
terday, with George T. Cameron, pub
lisher of the San Francisco Chronicle,
State Senator Arthur H. Breed of Oak
land, and four appointees recently se
lcctcd by President Hoover, as a member
of the San Francisco Bay Bridge Com
mission. The appointment was made by
Governor C. C. Young.
Giarlcs D. Marx, civil engineer and
professor emeritus of civil engineering
at Stanford University, was named yes
terday, with George T. Cameron, pub
lisher of the San Francisco Chronicle,
State Senator Arthur H. Breed of Oak
land, and four appointees recently se
lcctcd by President Hoover, as a member
of the San Francisco Bay Bridge Com
mission. The appointment was made by
Governor C. C. Young.
Giarlcs D. Marx, civil engineer and
professor emeritus of civil engineering
at Stanford University, was named yes
terday, with George T. Cameron, pub
lisher of the San Francisco Chronicle,
State Senator Arthur H. Breed of Oak
land, and four appointees recently se
lcctcd by President Hoover, as a member
of the San Francisco Bay Bridge Com
mission. The appointment was made by
Governor C. C. Young.
