# REGISTRATION SMALLER
## 
### 
NEW YORK —An "almost startling"
slowing-up in the rate of increase.of
college registrations is noted by Dr.
Adam Leroy Jones, director of admis
sions at Columbia University. A study
of 216 colleges has convinced him
that the post-war rush for admission
is over.
NEW YORK —An "almost startling"
slowing-up in the rate of increase.of
college registrations is noted by Dr.
Adam Leroy Jones, director of admis
sions at Columbia University. A study
of 216 colleges has convinced him
that the post-war rush for admission
is over.
NEW YORK —An "almost startling"
slowing-up in the rate of increase.of
college registrations is noted by Dr.
Adam Leroy Jones, director of admis
sions at Columbia University. A study
of 216 colleges has convinced him
that the post-war rush for admission
is over.
NEW YORK —An "almost startling"
slowing-up in the rate of increase.of
college registrations is noted by Dr.
Adam Leroy Jones, director of admis
sions at Columbia University. A study
of 216 colleges has convinced him
that the post-war rush for admission
is over.
NEW YORK —An "almost startling"
slowing-up in the rate of increase.of
college registrations is noted by Dr.
Adam Leroy Jones, director of admis
sions at Columbia University. A study
of 216 colleges has convinced him
that the post-war rush for admission
is over.
NEW YORK —An "almost startling"
slowing-up in the rate of increase.of
college registrations is noted by Dr.
Adam Leroy Jones, director of admis
sions at Columbia University. A study
of 216 colleges has convinced him
that the post-war rush for admission
is over.
NEW YORK —An "almost startling"
slowing-up in the rate of increase.of
college registrations is noted by Dr.
Adam Leroy Jones, director of admis
sions at Columbia University. A study
of 216 colleges has convinced him
that the post-war rush for admission
is over.
NEW YORK —An "almost startling"
slowing-up in the rate of increase.of
college registrations is noted by Dr.
Adam Leroy Jones, director of admis
sions at Columbia University. A study
of 216 colleges has convinced him
that the post-war rush for admission
is over.
NEW YORK —An "almost startling"
slowing-up in the rate of increase.of
college registrations is noted by Dr.
Adam Leroy Jones, director of admis
sions at Columbia University. A study
of 216 colleges has convinced him
that the post-war rush for admission
is over.
NEW YORK —An "almost startling"
slowing-up in the rate of increase.of
college registrations is noted by Dr.
Adam Leroy Jones, director of admis
sions at Columbia University. A study
of 216 colleges has convinced him
that the post-war rush for admission
is over.
NEW YORK —An "almost startling"
slowing-up in the rate of increase.of
college registrations is noted by Dr.
Adam Leroy Jones, director of admis
sions at Columbia University. A study
of 216 colleges has convinced him
that the post-war rush for admission
is over.
NEW YORK —An "almost startling"
slowing-up in the rate of increase.of
college registrations is noted by Dr.
Adam Leroy Jones, director of admis
sions at Columbia University. A study
of 216 colleges has convinced him
that the post-war rush for admission
is over.
NEW YORK —An "almost startling"
slowing-up in the rate of increase.of
college registrations is noted by Dr.
Adam Leroy Jones, director of admis
sions at Columbia University. A study
of 216 colleges has convinced him
that the post-war rush for admission
is over.
NEW YORK —An "almost startling"
slowing-up in the rate of increase.of
college registrations is noted by Dr.
Adam Leroy Jones, director of admis
sions at Columbia University. A study
of 216 colleges has convinced him
that the post-war rush for admission
is over.
NEW YORK —An "almost startling"
slowing-up in the rate of increase.of
college registrations is noted by Dr.
Adam Leroy Jones, director of admis
sions at Columbia University. A study
of 216 colleges has convinced him
that the post-war rush for admission
is over.
NEW YORK —An "almost startling"
slowing-up in the rate of increase.of
college registrations is noted by Dr.
Adam Leroy Jones, director of admis
sions at Columbia University. A study
of 216 colleges has convinced him
that the post-war rush for admission
is over.
NEW YORK —An "almost startling"
slowing-up in the rate of increase.of
college registrations is noted by Dr.
Adam Leroy Jones, director of admis
sions at Columbia University. A study
of 216 colleges has convinced him
that the post-war rush for admission
is over.
