# SWAIN AND STUDENT BODY WILL EXTEND OFFICIAL WELCOMES
## 
### 
Stanford's first all-University
assembly of the year takes place
this morning at 11 o'clock. All
classes will be dismissed at this
hour to enable students to at
tend the assembly.
The speakers of the morning
will be Doctor Swain, Stanford
Steinbeck, and Benetta Merner.
They will welcome the new stu
dents and give some idea of the
things that the administration of
the school and student body will
do this year.
Stanford's first all-University
assembly of the year takes place
this morning at 11 o'clock. All
classes will be dismissed at this
hour to enable students to at
tend the assembly.
The speakers of the morning
will be Doctor Swain, Stanford
Steinbeck, and Benetta Merner.
They will welcome the new stu
dents and give some idea of the
things that the administration of
the school and student body will
do this year.
Stanford's first all-University
assembly of the year takes place
this morning at 11 o'clock. All
classes will be dismissed at this
hour to enable students to at
tend the assembly.
The speakers of the morning
will be Doctor Swain, Stanford
Steinbeck, and Benetta Merner.
They will welcome the new stu
dents and give some idea of the
things that the administration of
the school and student body will
do this year.
Stanford's first all-University
assembly of the year takes place
this morning at 11 o'clock. All
classes will be dismissed at this
hour to enable students to at
tend the assembly.
The speakers of the morning
will be Doctor Swain, Stanford
Steinbeck, and Benetta Merner.
They will welcome the new stu
dents and give some idea of the
things that the administration of
the school and student body will
do this year.
Stanford's first all-University
assembly of the year takes place
this morning at 11 o'clock. All
classes will be dismissed at this
hour to enable students to at
tend the assembly.
The speakers of the morning
will be Doctor Swain, Stanford
Steinbeck, and Benetta Merner.
They will welcome the new stu
dents and give some idea of the
things that the administration of
the school and student body will
do this year.
Stanford's first all-University
assembly of the year takes place
this morning at 11 o'clock. All
classes will be dismissed at this
hour to enable students to at
tend the assembly.
The speakers of the morning
will be Doctor Swain, Stanford
Steinbeck, and Benetta Merner.
They will welcome the new stu
dents and give some idea of the
things that the administration of
the school and student body will
do this year.
Stanford's first all-University
assembly of the year takes place
this morning at 11 o'clock. All
classes will be dismissed at this
hour to enable students to at
tend the assembly.
The speakers of the morning
will be Doctor Swain, Stanford
Steinbeck, and Benetta Merner.
They will welcome the new stu
dents and give some idea of the
things that the administration of
the school and student body will
do this year.
Stanford's first all-University
assembly of the year takes place
this morning at 11 o'clock. All
classes will be dismissed at this
hour to enable students to at
tend the assembly.
The speakers of the morning
will be Doctor Swain, Stanford
Steinbeck, and Benetta Merner.
They will welcome the new stu
dents and give some idea of the
things that the administration of
the school and student body will
do this year.
Stanford's first all-University
assembly of the year takes place
this morning at 11 o'clock. All
classes will be dismissed at this
hour to enable students to at
tend the assembly.
The speakers of the morning
will be Doctor Swain, Stanford
Steinbeck, and Benetta Merner.
They will welcome the new stu
dents and give some idea of the
things that the administration of
the school and student body will
do this year.
Stanford's first all-University
assembly of the year takes place
this morning at 11 o'clock. All
classes will be dismissed at this
hour to enable students to at
tend the assembly.
The speakers of the morning
will be Doctor Swain, Stanford
Steinbeck, and Benetta Merner.
They will welcome the new stu
dents and give some idea of the
things that the administration of
the school and student body will
do this year.
Stanford's first all-University
assembly of the year takes place
this morning at 11 o'clock. All
classes will be dismissed at this
hour to enable students to at
tend the assembly.
The speakers of the morning
will be Doctor Swain, Stanford
Steinbeck, and Benetta Merner.
They will welcome the new stu
dents and give some idea of the
things that the administration of
the school and student body will
do this year.
Stanford's first all-University
assembly of the year takes place
this morning at 11 o'clock. All
classes will be dismissed at this
hour to enable students to at
tend the assembly.
The speakers of the morning
will be Doctor Swain, Stanford
Steinbeck, and Benetta Merner.
They will welcome the new stu
dents and give some idea of the
things that the administration of
the school and student body will
do this year.
Stanford's first all-University
assembly of the year takes place
this morning at 11 o'clock. All
classes will be dismissed at this
hour to enable students to at
tend the assembly.
The speakers of the morning
will be Doctor Swain, Stanford
Steinbeck, and Benetta Merner.
They will welcome the new stu
dents and give some idea of the
things that the administration of
the school and student body will
do this year.
Stanford's first all-University
assembly of the year takes place
this morning at 11 o'clock. All
classes will be dismissed at this
hour to enable students to at
tend the assembly.
The speakers of the morning
will be Doctor Swain, Stanford
Steinbeck, and Benetta Merner.
They will welcome the new stu
dents and give some idea of the
things that the administration of
the school and student body will
do this year.
Stanford's first all-University
assembly of the year takes place
this morning at 11 o'clock. All
classes will be dismissed at this
hour to enable students to at
tend the assembly.
The speakers of the morning
will be Doctor Swain, Stanford
Steinbeck, and Benetta Merner.
They will welcome the new stu
dents and give some idea of the
things that the administration of
the school and student body will
do this year.
Stanford's first all-University
assembly of the year takes place
this morning at 11 o'clock. All
classes will be dismissed at this
hour to enable students to at
tend the assembly.
The speakers of the morning
will be Doctor Swain, Stanford
Steinbeck, and Benetta Merner.
They will welcome the new stu
dents and give some idea of the
things that the administration of
the school and student body will
do this year.
Stanford's first all-University
assembly of the year takes place
this morning at 11 o'clock. All
classes will be dismissed at this
hour to enable students to at
tend the assembly.
The speakers of the morning
will be Doctor Swain, Stanford
Steinbeck, and Benetta Merner.
They will welcome the new stu
dents and give some idea of the
things that the administration of
the school and student body will
do this year.
