# BODYGUARD OF FITTS INCREASED AFTER THREATS RECEIVED
## 
### 
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 3. (£>)—'The
bodyguard protecting District Attor
ney Buron Fitts from the threat of
gangland vengeance had been in
creased today following what Fitts
termed an "apparent attempt" on his
life.
Additional guards were detailed to
protect the official after he had yes
terday told of a large, black sedan
nearly forcing his car off a bridge
into a deep canyon between Los An
geles and Pasadena.
The several investigations being
conducted into alleged graft condi
tions in the Los Angeles police force
were speeded up by the Prosecutor's
experience.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 3. (£>)—'The
bodyguard protecting District Attor
ney Buron Fitts from the threat of
gangland vengeance had been in
creased today following what Fitts
termed an "apparent attempt" on his
life.
Additional guards were detailed to
protect the official after he had yes
terday told of a large, black sedan
nearly forcing his car off a bridge
into a deep canyon between Los An
geles and Pasadena.
The several investigations being
conducted into alleged graft condi
tions in the Los Angeles police force
were speeded up by the Prosecutor's
experience.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 3. (£>)—'The
bodyguard protecting District Attor
ney Buron Fitts from the threat of
gangland vengeance had been in
creased today following what Fitts
termed an "apparent attempt" on his
life.
Additional guards were detailed to
protect the official after he had yes
terday told of a large, black sedan
nearly forcing his car off a bridge
into a deep canyon between Los An
geles and Pasadena.
The several investigations being
conducted into alleged graft condi
tions in the Los Angeles police force
were speeded up by the Prosecutor's
experience.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 3. (£>)—'The
bodyguard protecting District Attor
ney Buron Fitts from the threat of
gangland vengeance had been in
creased today following what Fitts
termed an "apparent attempt" on his
life.
Additional guards were detailed to
protect the official after he had yes
terday told of a large, black sedan
nearly forcing his car off a bridge
into a deep canyon between Los An
geles and Pasadena.
The several investigations being
conducted into alleged graft condi
tions in the Los Angeles police force
were speeded up by the Prosecutor's
experience.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 3. (£>)—'The
bodyguard protecting District Attor
ney Buron Fitts from the threat of
gangland vengeance had been in
creased today following what Fitts
termed an "apparent attempt" on his
life.
Additional guards were detailed to
protect the official after he had yes
terday told of a large, black sedan
nearly forcing his car off a bridge
into a deep canyon between Los An
geles and Pasadena.
The several investigations being
conducted into alleged graft condi
tions in the Los Angeles police force
were speeded up by the Prosecutor's
experience.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 3. (£>)—'The
bodyguard protecting District Attor
ney Buron Fitts from the threat of
gangland vengeance had been in
creased today following what Fitts
termed an "apparent attempt" on his
life.
Additional guards were detailed to
protect the official after he had yes
terday told of a large, black sedan
nearly forcing his car off a bridge
into a deep canyon between Los An
geles and Pasadena.
The several investigations being
conducted into alleged graft condi
tions in the Los Angeles police force
were speeded up by the Prosecutor's
experience.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 3. (£>)—'The
bodyguard protecting District Attor
ney Buron Fitts from the threat of
gangland vengeance had been in
creased today following what Fitts
termed an "apparent attempt" on his
life.
Additional guards were detailed to
protect the official after he had yes
terday told of a large, black sedan
nearly forcing his car off a bridge
into a deep canyon between Los An
geles and Pasadena.
The several investigations being
conducted into alleged graft condi
tions in the Los Angeles police force
were speeded up by the Prosecutor's
experience.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 3. (£>)—'The
bodyguard protecting District Attor
ney Buron Fitts from the threat of
gangland vengeance had been in
creased today following what Fitts
termed an "apparent attempt" on his
life.
Additional guards were detailed to
protect the official after he had yes
terday told of a large, black sedan
nearly forcing his car off a bridge
into a deep canyon between Los An
geles and Pasadena.
The several investigations being
conducted into alleged graft condi
tions in the Los Angeles police force
were speeded up by the Prosecutor's
experience.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 3. (£>)—'The
bodyguard protecting District Attor
ney Buron Fitts from the threat of
gangland vengeance had been in
creased today following what Fitts
termed an "apparent attempt" on his
life.
Additional guards were detailed to
protect the official after he had yes
terday told of a large, black sedan
nearly forcing his car off a bridge
into a deep canyon between Los An
geles and Pasadena.
The several investigations being
conducted into alleged graft condi
tions in the Los Angeles police force
were speeded up by the Prosecutor's
experience.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 3. (£>)—'The
bodyguard protecting District Attor
ney Buron Fitts from the threat of
gangland vengeance had been in
creased today following what Fitts
termed an "apparent attempt" on his
life.
Additional guards were detailed to
protect the official after he had yes
terday told of a large, black sedan
nearly forcing his car off a bridge
into a deep canyon between Los An
geles and Pasadena.
The several investigations being
conducted into alleged graft condi
tions in the Los Angeles police force
were speeded up by the Prosecutor's
experience.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 3. (£>)—'The
bodyguard protecting District Attor
ney Buron Fitts from the threat of
gangland vengeance had been in
creased today following what Fitts
termed an "apparent attempt" on his
life.
Additional guards were detailed to
protect the official after he had yes
terday told of a large, black sedan
nearly forcing his car off a bridge
into a deep canyon between Los An
geles and Pasadena.
The several investigations being
conducted into alleged graft condi
tions in the Los Angeles police force
were speeded up by the Prosecutor's
experience.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 3. (£>)—'The
bodyguard protecting District Attor
ney Buron Fitts from the threat of
gangland vengeance had been in
creased today following what Fitts
termed an "apparent attempt" on his
life.
Additional guards were detailed to
protect the official after he had yes
terday told of a large, black sedan
nearly forcing his car off a bridge
into a deep canyon between Los An
geles and Pasadena.
The several investigations being
conducted into alleged graft condi
tions in the Los Angeles police force
were speeded up by the Prosecutor's
experience.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 3. (£>)—'The
bodyguard protecting District Attor
ney Buron Fitts from the threat of
gangland vengeance had been in
creased today following what Fitts
termed an "apparent attempt" on his
life.
Additional guards were detailed to
protect the official after he had yes
terday told of a large, black sedan
nearly forcing his car off a bridge
into a deep canyon between Los An
geles and Pasadena.
The several investigations being
conducted into alleged graft condi
tions in the Los Angeles police force
were speeded up by the Prosecutor's
experience.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 3. (£>)—'The
bodyguard protecting District Attor
ney Buron Fitts from the threat of
gangland vengeance had been in
creased today following what Fitts
termed an "apparent attempt" on his
life.
Additional guards were detailed to
protect the official after he had yes
terday told of a large, black sedan
nearly forcing his car off a bridge
into a deep canyon between Los An
geles and Pasadena.
The several investigations being
conducted into alleged graft condi
tions in the Los Angeles police force
were speeded up by the Prosecutor's
experience.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 3. (£>)—'The
bodyguard protecting District Attor
ney Buron Fitts from the threat of
gangland vengeance had been in
creased today following what Fitts
termed an "apparent attempt" on his
life.
Additional guards were detailed to
protect the official after he had yes
terday told of a large, black sedan
nearly forcing his car off a bridge
into a deep canyon between Los An
geles and Pasadena.
The several investigations being
conducted into alleged graft condi
tions in the Los Angeles police force
were speeded up by the Prosecutor's
experience.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 3. (£>)—'The
bodyguard protecting District Attor
ney Buron Fitts from the threat of
gangland vengeance had been in
creased today following what Fitts
termed an "apparent attempt" on his
life.
Additional guards were detailed to
protect the official after he had yes
terday told of a large, black sedan
nearly forcing his car off a bridge
into a deep canyon between Los An
geles and Pasadena.
The several investigations being
conducted into alleged graft condi
tions in the Los Angeles police force
were speeded up by the Prosecutor's
experience.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 3. (£>)—'The
bodyguard protecting District Attor
ney Buron Fitts from the threat of
gangland vengeance had been in
creased today following what Fitts
termed an "apparent attempt" on his
life.
Additional guards were detailed to
protect the official after he had yes
terday told of a large, black sedan
nearly forcing his car off a bridge
into a deep canyon between Los An
geles and Pasadena.
The several investigations being
conducted into alleged graft condi
tions in the Los Angeles police force
were speeded up by the Prosecutor's
experience.
