# Oldroyds Leave To Work At Museum, Tour World
## 
### 
Mr. and Mrs. T. S. Oldroyd, of the
University geology faculty, left yes
terday for the East, where Mrs. Old
royd will spend six weeks in special
work for the American Museum of
Natural History before their depar
ture December 2 on a tour of the
world. Mr. and Mrs. Oldroyd are to
sail on the Empress of Australia,
which touches Mediterranean points
of interest, the Near East, and the
Oriental countries, arriving in San
Francisco on March 31. Mrs. Oldroyd
is author of the book, "The Marine
Shells of the West Coast of North
America," published by the Stanford
University Press.
Mr. and Mrs. T. S. Oldroyd, of the
University geology faculty, left yes
terday for the East, where Mrs. Old
royd will spend six weeks in special
work for the American Museum of
Natural History before their depar
ture December 2 on a tour of the
world. Mr. and Mrs. Oldroyd are to
sail on the Empress of Australia,
which touches Mediterranean points
of interest, the Near East, and the
Oriental countries, arriving in San
Francisco on March 31. Mrs. Oldroyd
is author of the book, "The Marine
Shells of the West Coast of North
America," published by the Stanford
University Press.
Mr. and Mrs. T. S. Oldroyd, of the
University geology faculty, left yes
terday for the East, where Mrs. Old
royd will spend six weeks in special
work for the American Museum of
Natural History before their depar
ture December 2 on a tour of the
world. Mr. and Mrs. Oldroyd are to
sail on the Empress of Australia,
which touches Mediterranean points
of interest, the Near East, and the
Oriental countries, arriving in San
Francisco on March 31. Mrs. Oldroyd
is author of the book, "The Marine
Shells of the West Coast of North
America," published by the Stanford
University Press.
Mr. and Mrs. T. S. Oldroyd, of the
University geology faculty, left yes
terday for the East, where Mrs. Old
royd will spend six weeks in special
work for the American Museum of
Natural History before their depar
ture December 2 on a tour of the
world. Mr. and Mrs. Oldroyd are to
sail on the Empress of Australia,
which touches Mediterranean points
of interest, the Near East, and the
Oriental countries, arriving in San
Francisco on March 31. Mrs. Oldroyd
is author of the book, "The Marine
Shells of the West Coast of North
America," published by the Stanford
University Press.
Mr. and Mrs. T. S. Oldroyd, of the
University geology faculty, left yes
terday for the East, where Mrs. Old
royd will spend six weeks in special
work for the American Museum of
Natural History before their depar
ture December 2 on a tour of the
world. Mr. and Mrs. Oldroyd are to
sail on the Empress of Australia,
which touches Mediterranean points
of interest, the Near East, and the
Oriental countries, arriving in San
Francisco on March 31. Mrs. Oldroyd
is author of the book, "The Marine
Shells of the West Coast of North
America," published by the Stanford
University Press.
Mr. and Mrs. T. S. Oldroyd, of the
University geology faculty, left yes
terday for the East, where Mrs. Old
royd will spend six weeks in special
work for the American Museum of
Natural History before their depar
ture December 2 on a tour of the
world. Mr. and Mrs. Oldroyd are to
sail on the Empress of Australia,
which touches Mediterranean points
of interest, the Near East, and the
Oriental countries, arriving in San
Francisco on March 31. Mrs. Oldroyd
is author of the book, "The Marine
Shells of the West Coast of North
America," published by the Stanford
University Press.
Mr. and Mrs. T. S. Oldroyd, of the
University geology faculty, left yes
terday for the East, where Mrs. Old
royd will spend six weeks in special
work for the American Museum of
Natural History before their depar
ture December 2 on a tour of the
world. Mr. and Mrs. Oldroyd are to
sail on the Empress of Australia,
which touches Mediterranean points
of interest, the Near East, and the
Oriental countries, arriving in San
Francisco on March 31. Mrs. Oldroyd
is author of the book, "The Marine
Shells of the West Coast of North
America," published by the Stanford
University Press.
Mr. and Mrs. T. S. Oldroyd, of the
University geology faculty, left yes
terday for the East, where Mrs. Old
royd will spend six weeks in special
work for the American Museum of
Natural History before their depar
ture December 2 on a tour of the
world. Mr. and Mrs. Oldroyd are to
sail on the Empress of Australia,
which touches Mediterranean points
of interest, the Near East, and the
Oriental countries, arriving in San
Francisco on March 31. Mrs. Oldroyd
is author of the book, "The Marine
Shells of the West Coast of North
America," published by the Stanford
University Press.
Mr. and Mrs. T. S. Oldroyd, of the
University geology faculty, left yes
terday for the East, where Mrs. Old
royd will spend six weeks in special
work for the American Museum of
Natural History before their depar
ture December 2 on a tour of the
world. Mr. and Mrs. Oldroyd are to
sail on the Empress of Australia,
which touches Mediterranean points
of interest, the Near East, and the
Oriental countries, arriving in San
Francisco on March 31. Mrs. Oldroyd
is author of the book, "The Marine
Shells of the West Coast of North
America," published by the Stanford
University Press.
Mr. and Mrs. T. S. Oldroyd, of the
University geology faculty, left yes
terday for the East, where Mrs. Old
royd will spend six weeks in special
work for the American Museum of
Natural History before their depar
ture December 2 on a tour of the
world. Mr. and Mrs. Oldroyd are to
sail on the Empress of Australia,
which touches Mediterranean points
of interest, the Near East, and the
Oriental countries, arriving in San
Francisco on March 31. Mrs. Oldroyd
is author of the book, "The Marine
Shells of the West Coast of North
America," published by the Stanford
University Press.
Mr. and Mrs. T. S. Oldroyd, of the
University geology faculty, left yes
terday for the East, where Mrs. Old
royd will spend six weeks in special
work for the American Museum of
Natural History before their depar
ture December 2 on a tour of the
world. Mr. and Mrs. Oldroyd are to
sail on the Empress of Australia,
which touches Mediterranean points
of interest, the Near East, and the
Oriental countries, arriving in San
Francisco on March 31. Mrs. Oldroyd
is author of the book, "The Marine
Shells of the West Coast of North
America," published by the Stanford
University Press.
Mr. and Mrs. T. S. Oldroyd, of the
University geology faculty, left yes
terday for the East, where Mrs. Old
royd will spend six weeks in special
work for the American Museum of
Natural History before their depar
ture December 2 on a tour of the
world. Mr. and Mrs. Oldroyd are to
sail on the Empress of Australia,
which touches Mediterranean points
of interest, the Near East, and the
Oriental countries, arriving in San
Francisco on March 31. Mrs. Oldroyd
is author of the book, "The Marine
Shells of the West Coast of North
America," published by the Stanford
University Press.
Mr. and Mrs. T. S. Oldroyd, of the
University geology faculty, left yes
terday for the East, where Mrs. Old
royd will spend six weeks in special
work for the American Museum of
Natural History before their depar
ture December 2 on a tour of the
world. Mr. and Mrs. Oldroyd are to
sail on the Empress of Australia,
which touches Mediterranean points
of interest, the Near East, and the
Oriental countries, arriving in San
Francisco on March 31. Mrs. Oldroyd
is author of the book, "The Marine
Shells of the West Coast of North
America," published by the Stanford
University Press.
Mr. and Mrs. T. S. Oldroyd, of the
University geology faculty, left yes
terday for the East, where Mrs. Old
royd will spend six weeks in special
work for the American Museum of
Natural History before their depar
ture December 2 on a tour of the
world. Mr. and Mrs. Oldroyd are to
sail on the Empress of Australia,
which touches Mediterranean points
of interest, the Near East, and the
Oriental countries, arriving in San
Francisco on March 31. Mrs. Oldroyd
is author of the book, "The Marine
Shells of the West Coast of North
America," published by the Stanford
University Press.
Mr. and Mrs. T. S. Oldroyd, of the
University geology faculty, left yes
terday for the East, where Mrs. Old
royd will spend six weeks in special
work for the American Museum of
Natural History before their depar
ture December 2 on a tour of the
world. Mr. and Mrs. Oldroyd are to
sail on the Empress of Australia,
which touches Mediterranean points
of interest, the Near East, and the
Oriental countries, arriving in San
Francisco on March 31. Mrs. Oldroyd
is author of the book, "The Marine
Shells of the West Coast of North
America," published by the Stanford
University Press.
Mr. and Mrs. T. S. Oldroyd, of the
University geology faculty, left yes
terday for the East, where Mrs. Old
royd will spend six weeks in special
work for the American Museum of
Natural History before their depar
ture December 2 on a tour of the
world. Mr. and Mrs. Oldroyd are to
sail on the Empress of Australia,
which touches Mediterranean points
of interest, the Near East, and the
Oriental countries, arriving in San
Francisco on March 31. Mrs. Oldroyd
is author of the book, "The Marine
Shells of the West Coast of North
America," published by the Stanford
University Press.
Mr. and Mrs. T. S. Oldroyd, of the
University geology faculty, left yes
terday for the East, where Mrs. Old
royd will spend six weeks in special
work for the American Museum of
Natural History before their depar
ture December 2 on a tour of the
world. Mr. and Mrs. Oldroyd are to
sail on the Empress of Australia,
which touches Mediterranean points
of interest, the Near East, and the
Oriental countries, arriving in San
Francisco on March 31. Mrs. Oldroyd
is author of the book, "The Marine
Shells of the West Coast of North
America," published by the Stanford
University Press.
