# Vesper Service Tomorrow Evening.
## 
### 
There will be the usual weekly ves
per service in the Chapel tomorrow
evening at 7:ir>. The University pub
lic is invited. A short address will
be given.
There will be the usual weekly ves
per service in the Chapel tomorrow
evening at 7:ir>. The University pub
lic is invited. A short address will
be given.
There will be the usual weekly ves
per service in the Chapel tomorrow
evening at 7:ir>. The University pub
lic is invited. A short address will
be given.
There will be the usual weekly ves
per service in the Chapel tomorrow
evening at 7:ir>. The University pub
lic is invited. A short address will
be given.
There will be the usual weekly ves
per service in the Chapel tomorrow
evening at 7:ir>. The University pub
lic is invited. A short address will
be given.
There will be the usual weekly ves
per service in the Chapel tomorrow
evening at 7:ir>. The University pub
lic is invited. A short address will
be given.
There will be the usual weekly ves
per service in the Chapel tomorrow
evening at 7:ir>. The University pub
lic is invited. A short address will
be given.
There will be the usual weekly ves
per service in the Chapel tomorrow
evening at 7:ir>. The University pub
lic is invited. A short address will
be given.
There will be the usual weekly ves
per service in the Chapel tomorrow
evening at 7:ir>. The University pub
lic is invited. A short address will
be given.
There will be the usual weekly ves
per service in the Chapel tomorrow
evening at 7:ir>. The University pub
lic is invited. A short address will
be given.
There will be the usual weekly ves
per service in the Chapel tomorrow
evening at 7:ir>. The University pub
lic is invited. A short address will
be given.
