# ORGANIZATIONS FUND REPORTS PUBLISHED
## 
### 
The annual report of the Students'
Organizations Fund, a report issued
annually by the University, has been
issued for the fiscal year 1924-25 and
may be obtained free upon application
to the A.S.S.U. offices in the lobby of
the Old Union.
The annual report of the Students'
Organizations Fund, a report issued
annually by the University, has been
issued for the fiscal year 1924-25 and
may be obtained free upon application
to the A.S.S.U. offices in the lobby of
the Old Union.
The annual report of the Students'
Organizations Fund, a report issued
annually by the University, has been
issued for the fiscal year 1924-25 and
may be obtained free upon application
to the A.S.S.U. offices in the lobby of
the Old Union.
The annual report of the Students'
Organizations Fund, a report issued
annually by the University, has been
issued for the fiscal year 1924-25 and
may be obtained free upon application
to the A.S.S.U. offices in the lobby of
the Old Union.
The annual report of the Students'
Organizations Fund, a report issued
annually by the University, has been
issued for the fiscal year 1924-25 and
may be obtained free upon application
to the A.S.S.U. offices in the lobby of
the Old Union.
The annual report of the Students'
Organizations Fund, a report issued
annually by the University, has been
issued for the fiscal year 1924-25 and
may be obtained free upon application
to the A.S.S.U. offices in the lobby of
the Old Union.
The annual report of the Students'
Organizations Fund, a report issued
annually by the University, has been
issued for the fiscal year 1924-25 and
may be obtained free upon application
to the A.S.S.U. offices in the lobby of
the Old Union.
The annual report of the Students'
Organizations Fund, a report issued
annually by the University, has been
issued for the fiscal year 1924-25 and
may be obtained free upon application
to the A.S.S.U. offices in the lobby of
the Old Union.
The annual report of the Students'
Organizations Fund, a report issued
annually by the University, has been
issued for the fiscal year 1924-25 and
may be obtained free upon application
to the A.S.S.U. offices in the lobby of
the Old Union.
The annual report of the Students'
Organizations Fund, a report issued
annually by the University, has been
issued for the fiscal year 1924-25 and
may be obtained free upon application
to the A.S.S.U. offices in the lobby of
the Old Union.
The annual report of the Students'
Organizations Fund, a report issued
annually by the University, has been
issued for the fiscal year 1924-25 and
may be obtained free upon application
to the A.S.S.U. offices in the lobby of
the Old Union.
The annual report of the Students'
Organizations Fund, a report issued
annually by the University, has been
issued for the fiscal year 1924-25 and
may be obtained free upon application
to the A.S.S.U. offices in the lobby of
the Old Union.
The annual report of the Students'
Organizations Fund, a report issued
annually by the University, has been
issued for the fiscal year 1924-25 and
may be obtained free upon application
to the A.S.S.U. offices in the lobby of
the Old Union.
The annual report of the Students'
Organizations Fund, a report issued
annually by the University, has been
issued for the fiscal year 1924-25 and
may be obtained free upon application
to the A.S.S.U. offices in the lobby of
the Old Union.
