# KAIBAL FOREST TOPIC AT ZOOLOGY MEETING
## 
### 
J. A. Miller and S.C. King, officers of
the United States Forestry bureau, spoke
on "Plants and Animals in the Kaibal
Forest" at a meeting of the Zoology club
held Wednesday night in the Women's
Located in Arizona on the north rim of
the Grand Canyon, the Kaibab forest is
an isolated region seventy miles long and
thirty-five miles wide, being the largest
untouched stand of timber in the United
States. The region was set aside as a
national government game preserve by
President Roosevelt, and the mountain
lions were killed off by government hunt
ers to give refuge to the wild life. At
one time more than 50,000 deer inhabited
the immense tract.
Seymour Smith, president of the club,
outlined plans for the organization's activ
ities for the quarter. Meetings will be
held in the Museum to study the fish and
birds there, and at the Zoology cabin.
Piano solos by Herbert Smith and a
group of songs by Benjamin Culver com
pleted the program for the meeting last
evening.
J. A. Miller and S.C. King, officers of
the United States Forestry bureau, spoke
on "Plants and Animals in the Kaibal
Forest" at a meeting of the Zoology club
held Wednesday night in the Women's
Located in Arizona on the north rim of
the Grand Canyon, the Kaibab forest is
an isolated region seventy miles long and
thirty-five miles wide, being the largest
untouched stand of timber in the United
States. The region was set aside as a
national government game preserve by
President Roosevelt, and the mountain
lions were killed off by government hunt
ers to give refuge to the wild life. At
one time more than 50,000 deer inhabited
the immense tract.
Seymour Smith, president of the club,
outlined plans for the organization's activ
ities for the quarter. Meetings will be
held in the Museum to study the fish and
birds there, and at the Zoology cabin.
Piano solos by Herbert Smith and a
group of songs by Benjamin Culver com
pleted the program for the meeting last
evening.
J. A. Miller and S.C. King, officers of
the United States Forestry bureau, spoke
on "Plants and Animals in the Kaibal
Forest" at a meeting of the Zoology club
held Wednesday night in the Women's
Located in Arizona on the north rim of
the Grand Canyon, the Kaibab forest is
an isolated region seventy miles long and
thirty-five miles wide, being the largest
untouched stand of timber in the United
States. The region was set aside as a
national government game preserve by
President Roosevelt, and the mountain
lions were killed off by government hunt
ers to give refuge to the wild life. At
one time more than 50,000 deer inhabited
the immense tract.
Seymour Smith, president of the club,
outlined plans for the organization's activ
ities for the quarter. Meetings will be
held in the Museum to study the fish and
birds there, and at the Zoology cabin.
Piano solos by Herbert Smith and a
group of songs by Benjamin Culver com
pleted the program for the meeting last
evening.
J. A. Miller and S.C. King, officers of
the United States Forestry bureau, spoke
on "Plants and Animals in the Kaibal
Forest" at a meeting of the Zoology club
held Wednesday night in the Women's
Located in Arizona on the north rim of
the Grand Canyon, the Kaibab forest is
an isolated region seventy miles long and
thirty-five miles wide, being the largest
untouched stand of timber in the United
States. The region was set aside as a
national government game preserve by
President Roosevelt, and the mountain
lions were killed off by government hunt
ers to give refuge to the wild life. At
one time more than 50,000 deer inhabited
the immense tract.
Seymour Smith, president of the club,
outlined plans for the organization's activ
ities for the quarter. Meetings will be
held in the Museum to study the fish and
birds there, and at the Zoology cabin.
Piano solos by Herbert Smith and a
group of songs by Benjamin Culver com
pleted the program for the meeting last
evening.
J. A. Miller and S.C. King, officers of
the United States Forestry bureau, spoke
on "Plants and Animals in the Kaibal
Forest" at a meeting of the Zoology club
held Wednesday night in the Women's
Located in Arizona on the north rim of
the Grand Canyon, the Kaibab forest is
an isolated region seventy miles long and
thirty-five miles wide, being the largest
untouched stand of timber in the United
States. The region was set aside as a
national government game preserve by
President Roosevelt, and the mountain
lions were killed off by government hunt
ers to give refuge to the wild life. At
one time more than 50,000 deer inhabited
the immense tract.
Seymour Smith, president of the club,
outlined plans for the organization's activ
ities for the quarter. Meetings will be
held in the Museum to study the fish and
birds there, and at the Zoology cabin.
Piano solos by Herbert Smith and a
group of songs by Benjamin Culver com
pleted the program for the meeting last
evening.
J. A. Miller and S.C. King, officers of
the United States Forestry bureau, spoke
on "Plants and Animals in the Kaibal
Forest" at a meeting of the Zoology club
held Wednesday night in the Women's
Located in Arizona on the north rim of
the Grand Canyon, the Kaibab forest is
an isolated region seventy miles long and
thirty-five miles wide, being the largest
untouched stand of timber in the United
States. The region was set aside as a
national government game preserve by
President Roosevelt, and the mountain
lions were killed off by government hunt
ers to give refuge to the wild life. At
one time more than 50,000 deer inhabited
the immense tract.
Seymour Smith, president of the club,
outlined plans for the organization's activ
ities for the quarter. Meetings will be
held in the Museum to study the fish and
birds there, and at the Zoology cabin.
Piano solos by Herbert Smith and a
group of songs by Benjamin Culver com
pleted the program for the meeting last
evening.
J. A. Miller and S.C. King, officers of
the United States Forestry bureau, spoke
on "Plants and Animals in the Kaibal
Forest" at a meeting of the Zoology club
held Wednesday night in the Women's
Located in Arizona on the north rim of
the Grand Canyon, the Kaibab forest is
an isolated region seventy miles long and
thirty-five miles wide, being the largest
untouched stand of timber in the United
States. The region was set aside as a
national government game preserve by
President Roosevelt, and the mountain
lions were killed off by government hunt
ers to give refuge to the wild life. At
one time more than 50,000 deer inhabited
the immense tract.
Seymour Smith, president of the club,
outlined plans for the organization's activ
ities for the quarter. Meetings will be
held in the Museum to study the fish and
birds there, and at the Zoology cabin.
Piano solos by Herbert Smith and a
group of songs by Benjamin Culver com
pleted the program for the meeting last
evening.
J. A. Miller and S.C. King, officers of
the United States Forestry bureau, spoke
on "Plants and Animals in the Kaibal
Forest" at a meeting of the Zoology club
held Wednesday night in the Women's
Located in Arizona on the north rim of
the Grand Canyon, the Kaibab forest is
an isolated region seventy miles long and
thirty-five miles wide, being the largest
untouched stand of timber in the United
States. The region was set aside as a
national government game preserve by
President Roosevelt, and the mountain
lions were killed off by government hunt
ers to give refuge to the wild life. At
one time more than 50,000 deer inhabited
the immense tract.
Seymour Smith, president of the club,
outlined plans for the organization's activ
ities for the quarter. Meetings will be
held in the Museum to study the fish and
birds there, and at the Zoology cabin.
Piano solos by Herbert Smith and a
group of songs by Benjamin Culver com
pleted the program for the meeting last
evening.
J. A. Miller and S.C. King, officers of
the United States Forestry bureau, spoke
on "Plants and Animals in the Kaibal
Forest" at a meeting of the Zoology club
held Wednesday night in the Women's
Located in Arizona on the north rim of
the Grand Canyon, the Kaibab forest is
an isolated region seventy miles long and
thirty-five miles wide, being the largest
untouched stand of timber in the United
States. The region was set aside as a
national government game preserve by
President Roosevelt, and the mountain
lions were killed off by government hunt
ers to give refuge to the wild life. At
one time more than 50,000 deer inhabited
the immense tract.
Seymour Smith, president of the club,
outlined plans for the organization's activ
ities for the quarter. Meetings will be
held in the Museum to study the fish and
birds there, and at the Zoology cabin.
Piano solos by Herbert Smith and a
group of songs by Benjamin Culver com
pleted the program for the meeting last
evening.
J. A. Miller and S.C. King, officers of
the United States Forestry bureau, spoke
on "Plants and Animals in the Kaibal
Forest" at a meeting of the Zoology club
held Wednesday night in the Women's
Located in Arizona on the north rim of
the Grand Canyon, the Kaibab forest is
an isolated region seventy miles long and
thirty-five miles wide, being the largest
untouched stand of timber in the United
States. The region was set aside as a
national government game preserve by
President Roosevelt, and the mountain
lions were killed off by government hunt
ers to give refuge to the wild life. At
one time more than 50,000 deer inhabited
the immense tract.
Seymour Smith, president of the club,
outlined plans for the organization's activ
ities for the quarter. Meetings will be
held in the Museum to study the fish and
birds there, and at the Zoology cabin.
Piano solos by Herbert Smith and a
group of songs by Benjamin Culver com
pleted the program for the meeting last
evening.
J. A. Miller and S.C. King, officers of
the United States Forestry bureau, spoke
on "Plants and Animals in the Kaibal
Forest" at a meeting of the Zoology club
held Wednesday night in the Women's
Located in Arizona on the north rim of
the Grand Canyon, the Kaibab forest is
an isolated region seventy miles long and
thirty-five miles wide, being the largest
untouched stand of timber in the United
States. The region was set aside as a
national government game preserve by
President Roosevelt, and the mountain
lions were killed off by government hunt
ers to give refuge to the wild life. At
one time more than 50,000 deer inhabited
the immense tract.
Seymour Smith, president of the club,
outlined plans for the organization's activ
ities for the quarter. Meetings will be
held in the Museum to study the fish and
birds there, and at the Zoology cabin.
Piano solos by Herbert Smith and a
group of songs by Benjamin Culver com
pleted the program for the meeting last
evening.
J. A. Miller and S.C. King, officers of
the United States Forestry bureau, spoke
on "Plants and Animals in the Kaibal
Forest" at a meeting of the Zoology club
held Wednesday night in the Women's
Located in Arizona on the north rim of
the Grand Canyon, the Kaibab forest is
an isolated region seventy miles long and
thirty-five miles wide, being the largest
untouched stand of timber in the United
States. The region was set aside as a
national government game preserve by
President Roosevelt, and the mountain
lions were killed off by government hunt
ers to give refuge to the wild life. At
one time more than 50,000 deer inhabited
the immense tract.
Seymour Smith, president of the club,
outlined plans for the organization's activ
ities for the quarter. Meetings will be
held in the Museum to study the fish and
birds there, and at the Zoology cabin.
Piano solos by Herbert Smith and a
group of songs by Benjamin Culver com
pleted the program for the meeting last
evening.
J. A. Miller and S.C. King, officers of
the United States Forestry bureau, spoke
on "Plants and Animals in the Kaibal
Forest" at a meeting of the Zoology club
held Wednesday night in the Women's
Located in Arizona on the north rim of
the Grand Canyon, the Kaibab forest is
an isolated region seventy miles long and
thirty-five miles wide, being the largest
untouched stand of timber in the United
States. The region was set aside as a
national government game preserve by
President Roosevelt, and the mountain
lions were killed off by government hunt
ers to give refuge to the wild life. At
one time more than 50,000 deer inhabited
the immense tract.
Seymour Smith, president of the club,
outlined plans for the organization's activ
ities for the quarter. Meetings will be
held in the Museum to study the fish and
birds there, and at the Zoology cabin.
Piano solos by Herbert Smith and a
group of songs by Benjamin Culver com
pleted the program for the meeting last
evening.
J. A. Miller and S.C. King, officers of
the United States Forestry bureau, spoke
on "Plants and Animals in the Kaibal
Forest" at a meeting of the Zoology club
held Wednesday night in the Women's
Located in Arizona on the north rim of
the Grand Canyon, the Kaibab forest is
an isolated region seventy miles long and
thirty-five miles wide, being the largest
untouched stand of timber in the United
States. The region was set aside as a
national government game preserve by
President Roosevelt, and the mountain
lions were killed off by government hunt
ers to give refuge to the wild life. At
one time more than 50,000 deer inhabited
the immense tract.
Seymour Smith, president of the club,
outlined plans for the organization's activ
ities for the quarter. Meetings will be
held in the Museum to study the fish and
birds there, and at the Zoology cabin.
Piano solos by Herbert Smith and a
group of songs by Benjamin Culver com
pleted the program for the meeting last
evening.
