# Alums Seek Band Members
## 
### 
All past Stanford Band
members are invited to join
the Alumni Band for tho
Alumni Conference parade
from Memorial Auditorium to
Bowman Alumni House to
morrow. Those interested
should wear white shirts or
blouses and dark slacks or
skirts, and be at the Band
House at 10 a.m.
All past Stanford Band
members are invited to join
the Alumni Band for tho
Alumni Conference parade
from Memorial Auditorium to
Bowman Alumni House to
morrow. Those interested
should wear white shirts or
blouses and dark slacks or
skirts, and be at the Band
House at 10 a.m.
All past Stanford Band
members are invited to join
the Alumni Band for tho
Alumni Conference parade
from Memorial Auditorium to
Bowman Alumni House to
morrow. Those interested
should wear white shirts or
blouses and dark slacks or
skirts, and be at the Band
House at 10 a.m.
All past Stanford Band
members are invited to join
the Alumni Band for tho
Alumni Conference parade
from Memorial Auditorium to
Bowman Alumni House to
morrow. Those interested
should wear white shirts or
blouses and dark slacks or
skirts, and be at the Band
House at 10 a.m.
All past Stanford Band
members are invited to join
the Alumni Band for tho
Alumni Conference parade
from Memorial Auditorium to
Bowman Alumni House to
morrow. Those interested
should wear white shirts or
blouses and dark slacks or
skirts, and be at the Band
House at 10 a.m.
All past Stanford Band
members are invited to join
the Alumni Band for tho
Alumni Conference parade
from Memorial Auditorium to
Bowman Alumni House to
morrow. Those interested
should wear white shirts or
blouses and dark slacks or
skirts, and be at the Band
House at 10 a.m.
All past Stanford Band
members are invited to join
the Alumni Band for tho
Alumni Conference parade
from Memorial Auditorium to
Bowman Alumni House to
morrow. Those interested
should wear white shirts or
blouses and dark slacks or
skirts, and be at the Band
House at 10 a.m.
All past Stanford Band
members are invited to join
the Alumni Band for tho
Alumni Conference parade
from Memorial Auditorium to
Bowman Alumni House to
morrow. Those interested
should wear white shirts or
blouses and dark slacks or
skirts, and be at the Band
House at 10 a.m.
All past Stanford Band
members are invited to join
the Alumni Band for tho
Alumni Conference parade
from Memorial Auditorium to
Bowman Alumni House to
morrow. Those interested
should wear white shirts or
blouses and dark slacks or
skirts, and be at the Band
House at 10 a.m.
All past Stanford Band
members are invited to join
the Alumni Band for tho
Alumni Conference parade
from Memorial Auditorium to
Bowman Alumni House to
morrow. Those interested
should wear white shirts or
blouses and dark slacks or
skirts, and be at the Band
House at 10 a.m.
All past Stanford Band
members are invited to join
the Alumni Band for tho
Alumni Conference parade
from Memorial Auditorium to
Bowman Alumni House to
morrow. Those interested
should wear white shirts or
blouses and dark slacks or
skirts, and be at the Band
House at 10 a.m.
All past Stanford Band
members are invited to join
the Alumni Band for tho
Alumni Conference parade
from Memorial Auditorium to
Bowman Alumni House to
morrow. Those interested
should wear white shirts or
blouses and dark slacks or
skirts, and be at the Band
House at 10 a.m.
All past Stanford Band
members are invited to join
the Alumni Band for tho
Alumni Conference parade
from Memorial Auditorium to
Bowman Alumni House to
morrow. Those interested
should wear white shirts or
blouses and dark slacks or
skirts, and be at the Band
House at 10 a.m.
All past Stanford Band
members are invited to join
the Alumni Band for tho
Alumni Conference parade
from Memorial Auditorium to
Bowman Alumni House to
morrow. Those interested
should wear white shirts or
blouses and dark slacks or
skirts, and be at the Band
House at 10 a.m.
All past Stanford Band
members are invited to join
the Alumni Band for tho
Alumni Conference parade
from Memorial Auditorium to
Bowman Alumni House to
morrow. Those interested
should wear white shirts or
blouses and dark slacks or
skirts, and be at the Band
House at 10 a.m.
All past Stanford Band
members are invited to join
the Alumni Band for tho
Alumni Conference parade
from Memorial Auditorium to
Bowman Alumni House to
morrow. Those interested
should wear white shirts or
blouses and dark slacks or
skirts, and be at the Band
House at 10 a.m.
