# Spikers Enter Northern California Invitational
## 
### 
Coach Payton Jordan’s spikers,
after compiling but a 3-9 dual
meet record this season, still man
aged to come up with 14 bids to
tomorrow’s Northern California
Invitational track and field meet
in Sunnyvale. Tho activities begin
at 7:30 p.m.

One of the best races of the eve
ning will surely bo the half mile.
The Cards’ Rich Klier will be up
against some real fleet opposition
when he tries to match strides
with former Stanford Olympian
Ernie Cunliffe and an old Stan
ford nemesis Jerry Seibert. Sei
bert used to run for Cal and has a
1:46.9 clocking to his credit.

Indian record holder Dave Weill
will spin the discus along with
his punning mate co-captain Don
Bell. Dan Studney of San Jose
State should he the toughest op
position.
THK javelin throw should also

prove interesting as Art Batchel
der, this year's top heaver, meets
the Stanford record holder Leo
Long head-to-head. Long's record
is 235-9 3 4, but Batchelder has done
233-3.

Phil White, just a sophomore, al
ready holds the Stanford school
mark in the pole vault. His best
of 14-14 is good, but may not be
enough when the youngster meets
San Jose Stale’s Dick Kemmill,
Dick Gear and Jeff Chase. Kem
mel, the odds-on favorite, cleared
13-1 just last weekend.

To Coach Jordan’s happiness,
some of his freshman were also
given invitations. They will be
getting valuable experience in
competition this strong.
Bill Pratt got bids in two events,
the 880 and the mile, but will pass
up the longer run and sprint
strongly in the half. Pratt holds
the frosh standards in both of
these events.

THK mile should be a great one
for Ben Tucker of San Jose and
Robin Ruble of Stanford will be
out to settle some important busi
ness.

They were recognized as the
two best high school milers last
year and in two meetings they
split. Tucker edged Ruble earlier
this season and Robin will be try
ing to even the score once again.
Coach Payton Jordan’s spikers,
after compiling but a 3-9 dual
meet record this season, still man
aged to come up with 14 bids to
tomorrow’s Northern California
Invitational track and field meet
in Sunnyvale. Tho activities begin
at 7:30 p.m.

One of the best races of the eve
ning will surely bo the half mile.
The Cards’ Rich Klier will be up
against some real fleet opposition
when he tries to match strides
with former Stanford Olympian
Ernie Cunliffe and an old Stan
ford nemesis Jerry Seibert. Sei
bert used to run for Cal and has a
1:46.9 clocking to his credit.

Indian record holder Dave Weill
will spin the discus along with
his punning mate co-captain Don
Bell. Dan Studney of San Jose
State should he the toughest op
position.
THK javelin throw should also

prove interesting as Art Batchel
der, this year's top heaver, meets
the Stanford record holder Leo
Long head-to-head. Long's record
is 235-9 3 4, but Batchelder has done
233-3.

Phil White, just a sophomore, al
ready holds the Stanford school
mark in the pole vault. His best
of 14-14 is good, but may not be
enough when the youngster meets
San Jose Stale’s Dick Kemmill,
Dick Gear and Jeff Chase. Kem
mel, the odds-on favorite, cleared
13-1 just last weekend.

To Coach Jordan’s happiness,
some of his freshman were also
given invitations. They will be
getting valuable experience in
competition this strong.
Bill Pratt got bids in two events,
the 880 and the mile, but will pass
up the longer run and sprint
strongly in the half. Pratt holds
the frosh standards in both of
these events.

THK mile should be a great one
for Ben Tucker of San Jose and
Robin Ruble of Stanford will be
out to settle some important busi
ness.

They were recognized as the
two best high school milers last
year and in two meetings they
split. Tucker edged Ruble earlier
this season and Robin will be try
ing to even the score once again.
Coach Payton Jordan’s spikers,
after compiling but a 3-9 dual
meet record this season, still man
aged to come up with 14 bids to
tomorrow’s Northern California
Invitational track and field meet
in Sunnyvale. Tho activities begin
at 7:30 p.m.

One of the best races of the eve
ning will surely bo the half mile.
The Cards’ Rich Klier will be up
against some real fleet opposition
when he tries to match strides
with former Stanford Olympian
Ernie Cunliffe and an old Stan
ford nemesis Jerry Seibert. Sei
bert used to run for Cal and has a
1:46.9 clocking to his credit.

Indian record holder Dave Weill
will spin the discus along with
his punning mate co-captain Don
Bell. Dan Studney of San Jose
State should he the toughest op
position.
THK javelin throw should also

prove interesting as Art Batchel
der, this year's top heaver, meets
the Stanford record holder Leo
Long head-to-head. Long's record
is 235-9 3 4, but Batchelder has done
233-3.

Phil White, just a sophomore, al
ready holds the Stanford school
mark in the pole vault. His best
of 14-14 is good, but may not be
enough when the youngster meets
San Jose Stale’s Dick Kemmill,
Dick Gear and Jeff Chase. Kem
mel, the odds-on favorite, cleared
13-1 just last weekend.

To Coach Jordan’s happiness,
some of his freshman were also
given invitations. They will be
getting valuable experience in
competition this strong.
Bill Pratt got bids in two events,
the 880 and the mile, but will pass
up the longer run and sprint
strongly in the half. Pratt holds
the frosh standards in both of
these events.

THK mile should be a great one
for Ben Tucker of San Jose and
Robin Ruble of Stanford will be
out to settle some important busi
ness.

They were recognized as the
two best high school milers last
year and in two meetings they
split. Tucker edged Ruble earlier
this season and Robin will be try
ing to even the score once again.
Coach Payton Jordan’s spikers,
after compiling but a 3-9 dual
meet record this season, still man
aged to come up with 14 bids to
tomorrow’s Northern California
Invitational track and field meet
in Sunnyvale. Tho activities begin
at 7:30 p.m.

One of the best races of the eve
ning will surely bo the half mile.
The Cards’ Rich Klier will be up
against some real fleet opposition
when he tries to match strides
with former Stanford Olympian
Ernie Cunliffe and an old Stan
ford nemesis Jerry Seibert. Sei
bert used to run for Cal and has a
1:46.9 clocking to his credit.

Indian record holder Dave Weill
will spin the discus along with
his punning mate co-captain Don
Bell. Dan Studney of San Jose
State should he the toughest op
position.
THK javelin throw should also

prove interesting as Art Batchel
der, this year's top heaver, meets
the Stanford record holder Leo
Long head-to-head. Long's record
is 235-9 3 4, but Batchelder has done
233-3.

Phil White, just a sophomore, al
ready holds the Stanford school
mark in the pole vault. His best
of 14-14 is good, but may not be
enough when the youngster meets
San Jose Stale’s Dick Kemmill,
Dick Gear and Jeff Chase. Kem
mel, the odds-on favorite, cleared
13-1 just last weekend.

To Coach Jordan’s happiness,
some of his freshman were also
given invitations. They will be
getting valuable experience in
competition this strong.
Bill Pratt got bids in two events,
the 880 and the mile, but will pass
up the longer run and sprint
strongly in the half. Pratt holds
the frosh standards in both of
these events.

THK mile should be a great one
for Ben Tucker of San Jose and
Robin Ruble of Stanford will be
out to settle some important busi
ness.

They were recognized as the
two best high school milers last
year and in two meetings they
split. Tucker edged Ruble earlier
this season and Robin will be try
ing to even the score once again.
Coach Payton Jordan’s spikers,
after compiling but a 3-9 dual
meet record this season, still man
aged to come up with 14 bids to
tomorrow’s Northern California
Invitational track and field meet
in Sunnyvale. Tho activities begin
at 7:30 p.m.

One of the best races of the eve
ning will surely bo the half mile.
The Cards’ Rich Klier will be up
against some real fleet opposition
when he tries to match strides
with former Stanford Olympian
Ernie Cunliffe and an old Stan
ford nemesis Jerry Seibert. Sei
bert used to run for Cal and has a
1:46.9 clocking to his credit.

Indian record holder Dave Weill
will spin the discus along with
his punning mate co-captain Don
Bell. Dan Studney of San Jose
State should he the toughest op
position.
THK javelin throw should also

prove interesting as Art Batchel
der, this year's top heaver, meets
the Stanford record holder Leo
Long head-to-head. Long's record
is 235-9 3 4, but Batchelder has done
233-3.

Phil White, just a sophomore, al
ready holds the Stanford school
mark in the pole vault. His best
of 14-14 is good, but may not be
enough when the youngster meets
San Jose Stale’s Dick Kemmill,
Dick Gear and Jeff Chase. Kem
mel, the odds-on favorite, cleared
13-1 just last weekend.

To Coach Jordan’s happiness,
some of his freshman were also
given invitations. They will be
getting valuable experience in
competition this strong.
Bill Pratt got bids in two events,
the 880 and the mile, but will pass
up the longer run and sprint
strongly in the half. Pratt holds
the frosh standards in both of
these events.

THK mile should be a great one
for Ben Tucker of San Jose and
Robin Ruble of Stanford will be
out to settle some important busi
ness.

They were recognized as the
two best high school milers last
year and in two meetings they
split. Tucker edged Ruble earlier
this season and Robin will be try
ing to even the score once again.
Coach Payton Jordan’s spikers,
after compiling but a 3-9 dual
meet record this season, still man
aged to come up with 14 bids to
tomorrow’s Northern California
Invitational track and field meet
in Sunnyvale. Tho activities begin
at 7:30 p.m.

One of the best races of the eve
ning will surely bo the half mile.
The Cards’ Rich Klier will be up
against some real fleet opposition
when he tries to match strides
with former Stanford Olympian
Ernie Cunliffe and an old Stan
ford nemesis Jerry Seibert. Sei
bert used to run for Cal and has a
1:46.9 clocking to his credit.

Indian record holder Dave Weill
will spin the discus along with
his punning mate co-captain Don
Bell. Dan Studney of San Jose
State should he the toughest op
position.
THK javelin throw should also

prove interesting as Art Batchel
der, this year's top heaver, meets
the Stanford record holder Leo
Long head-to-head. Long's record
is 235-9 3 4, but Batchelder has done
233-3.

Phil White, just a sophomore, al
ready holds the Stanford school
mark in the pole vault. His best
of 14-14 is good, but may not be
enough when the youngster meets
San Jose Stale’s Dick Kemmill,
Dick Gear and Jeff Chase. Kem
mel, the odds-on favorite, cleared
13-1 just last weekend.

To Coach Jordan’s happiness,
some of his freshman were also
given invitations. They will be
getting valuable experience in
competition this strong.
Bill Pratt got bids in two events,
the 880 and the mile, but will pass
up the longer run and sprint
strongly in the half. Pratt holds
the frosh standards in both of
these events.

THK mile should be a great one
for Ben Tucker of San Jose and
Robin Ruble of Stanford will be
out to settle some important busi
ness.

They were recognized as the
two best high school milers last
year and in two meetings they
split. Tucker edged Ruble earlier
this season and Robin will be try
ing to even the score once again.
Coach Payton Jordan’s spikers,
after compiling but a 3-9 dual
meet record this season, still man
aged to come up with 14 bids to
tomorrow’s Northern California
Invitational track and field meet
in Sunnyvale. Tho activities begin
at 7:30 p.m.

One of the best races of the eve
ning will surely bo the half mile.
The Cards’ Rich Klier will be up
against some real fleet opposition
when he tries to match strides
with former Stanford Olympian
Ernie Cunliffe and an old Stan
ford nemesis Jerry Seibert. Sei
bert used to run for Cal and has a
1:46.9 clocking to his credit.

Indian record holder Dave Weill
will spin the discus along with
his punning mate co-captain Don
Bell. Dan Studney of San Jose
State should he the toughest op
position.
THK javelin throw should also

prove interesting as Art Batchel
der, this year's top heaver, meets
the Stanford record holder Leo
Long head-to-head. Long's record
is 235-9 3 4, but Batchelder has done
233-3.

Phil White, just a sophomore, al
ready holds the Stanford school
mark in the pole vault. His best
of 14-14 is good, but may not be
enough when the youngster meets
San Jose Stale’s Dick Kemmill,
Dick Gear and Jeff Chase. Kem
mel, the odds-on favorite, cleared
13-1 just last weekend.

To Coach Jordan’s happiness,
some of his freshman were also
given invitations. They will be
getting valuable experience in
competition this strong.
Bill Pratt got bids in two events,
the 880 and the mile, but will pass
up the longer run and sprint
strongly in the half. Pratt holds
the frosh standards in both of
these events.

THK mile should be a great one
for Ben Tucker of San Jose and
Robin Ruble of Stanford will be
out to settle some important busi
ness.

They were recognized as the
two best high school milers last
year and in two meetings they
split. Tucker edged Ruble earlier
this season and Robin will be try
ing to even the score once again.
Coach Payton Jordan’s spikers,
after compiling but a 3-9 dual
meet record this season, still man
aged to come up with 14 bids to
tomorrow’s Northern California
Invitational track and field meet
in Sunnyvale. Tho activities begin
at 7:30 p.m.

One of the best races of the eve
ning will surely bo the half mile.
The Cards’ Rich Klier will be up
against some real fleet opposition
when he tries to match strides
with former Stanford Olympian
Ernie Cunliffe and an old Stan
ford nemesis Jerry Seibert. Sei
bert used to run for Cal and has a
1:46.9 clocking to his credit.

Indian record holder Dave Weill
will spin the discus along with
his punning mate co-captain Don
Bell. Dan Studney of San Jose
State should he the toughest op
position.
THK javelin throw should also

prove interesting as Art Batchel
der, this year's top heaver, meets
the Stanford record holder Leo
Long head-to-head. Long's record
is 235-9 3 4, but Batchelder has done
233-3.

Phil White, just a sophomore, al
ready holds the Stanford school
mark in the pole vault. His best
of 14-14 is good, but may not be
enough when the youngster meets
San Jose Stale’s Dick Kemmill,
Dick Gear and Jeff Chase. Kem
mel, the odds-on favorite, cleared
13-1 just last weekend.

To Coach Jordan’s happiness,
some of his freshman were also
given invitations. They will be
getting valuable experience in
competition this strong.
Bill Pratt got bids in two events,
the 880 and the mile, but will pass
up the longer run and sprint
strongly in the half. Pratt holds
the frosh standards in both of
these events.

THK mile should be a great one
for Ben Tucker of San Jose and
Robin Ruble of Stanford will be
out to settle some important busi
ness.

They were recognized as the
two best high school milers last
year and in two meetings they
split. Tucker edged Ruble earlier
this season and Robin will be try
ing to even the score once again.
Coach Payton Jordan’s spikers,
after compiling but a 3-9 dual
meet record this season, still man
aged to come up with 14 bids to
tomorrow’s Northern California
Invitational track and field meet
in Sunnyvale. Tho activities begin
at 7:30 p.m.

One of the best races of the eve
ning will surely bo the half mile.
The Cards’ Rich Klier will be up
against some real fleet opposition
when he tries to match strides
with former Stanford Olympian
Ernie Cunliffe and an old Stan
ford nemesis Jerry Seibert. Sei
bert used to run for Cal and has a
1:46.9 clocking to his credit.

Indian record holder Dave Weill
will spin the discus along with
his punning mate co-captain Don
Bell. Dan Studney of San Jose
State should he the toughest op
position.
THK javelin throw should also

prove interesting as Art Batchel
der, this year's top heaver, meets
the Stanford record holder Leo
Long head-to-head. Long's record
is 235-9 3 4, but Batchelder has done
233-3.

Phil White, just a sophomore, al
ready holds the Stanford school
mark in the pole vault. His best
of 14-14 is good, but may not be
enough when the youngster meets
San Jose Stale’s Dick Kemmill,
Dick Gear and Jeff Chase. Kem
mel, the odds-on favorite, cleared
13-1 just last weekend.

To Coach Jordan’s happiness,
some of his freshman were also
given invitations. They will be
getting valuable experience in
competition this strong.
Bill Pratt got bids in two events,
the 880 and the mile, but will pass
up the longer run and sprint
strongly in the half. Pratt holds
the frosh standards in both of
these events.

THK mile should be a great one
for Ben Tucker of San Jose and
Robin Ruble of Stanford will be
out to settle some important busi
ness.

They were recognized as the
two best high school milers last
year and in two meetings they
split. Tucker edged Ruble earlier
this season and Robin will be try
ing to even the score once again.
Coach Payton Jordan’s spikers,
after compiling but a 3-9 dual
meet record this season, still man
aged to come up with 14 bids to
tomorrow’s Northern California
Invitational track and field meet
in Sunnyvale. Tho activities begin
at 7:30 p.m.

One of the best races of the eve
ning will surely bo the half mile.
The Cards’ Rich Klier will be up
against some real fleet opposition
when he tries to match strides
with former Stanford Olympian
Ernie Cunliffe and an old Stan
ford nemesis Jerry Seibert. Sei
bert used to run for Cal and has a
1:46.9 clocking to his credit.

Indian record holder Dave Weill
will spin the discus along with
his punning mate co-captain Don
Bell. Dan Studney of San Jose
State should he the toughest op
position.
THK javelin throw should also

prove interesting as Art Batchel
der, this year's top heaver, meets
the Stanford record holder Leo
Long head-to-head. Long's record
is 235-9 3 4, but Batchelder has done
233-3.

Phil White, just a sophomore, al
ready holds the Stanford school
mark in the pole vault. His best
of 14-14 is good, but may not be
enough when the youngster meets
San Jose Stale’s Dick Kemmill,
Dick Gear and Jeff Chase. Kem
mel, the odds-on favorite, cleared
13-1 just last weekend.

To Coach Jordan’s happiness,
some of his freshman were also
given invitations. They will be
getting valuable experience in
competition this strong.
Bill Pratt got bids in two events,
the 880 and the mile, but will pass
up the longer run and sprint
strongly in the half. Pratt holds
the frosh standards in both of
these events.

THK mile should be a great one
for Ben Tucker of San Jose and
Robin Ruble of Stanford will be
out to settle some important busi
ness.

They were recognized as the
two best high school milers last
year and in two meetings they
split. Tucker edged Ruble earlier
this season and Robin will be try
ing to even the score once again.
Coach Payton Jordan’s spikers,
after compiling but a 3-9 dual
meet record this season, still man
aged to come up with 14 bids to
tomorrow’s Northern California
Invitational track and field meet
in Sunnyvale. Tho activities begin
at 7:30 p.m.

One of the best races of the eve
ning will surely bo the half mile.
The Cards’ Rich Klier will be up
against some real fleet opposition
when he tries to match strides
with former Stanford Olympian
Ernie Cunliffe and an old Stan
ford nemesis Jerry Seibert. Sei
bert used to run for Cal and has a
1:46.9 clocking to his credit.

Indian record holder Dave Weill
will spin the discus along with
his punning mate co-captain Don
Bell. Dan Studney of San Jose
State should he the toughest op
position.
THK javelin throw should also

prove interesting as Art Batchel
der, this year's top heaver, meets
the Stanford record holder Leo
Long head-to-head. Long's record
is 235-9 3 4, but Batchelder has done
233-3.

Phil White, just a sophomore, al
ready holds the Stanford school
mark in the pole vault. His best
of 14-14 is good, but may not be
enough when the youngster meets
San Jose Stale’s Dick Kemmill,
Dick Gear and Jeff Chase. Kem
mel, the odds-on favorite, cleared
13-1 just last weekend.

To Coach Jordan’s happiness,
some of his freshman were also
given invitations. They will be
getting valuable experience in
competition this strong.
Bill Pratt got bids in two events,
the 880 and the mile, but will pass
up the longer run and sprint
strongly in the half. Pratt holds
the frosh standards in both of
these events.

THK mile should be a great one
for Ben Tucker of San Jose and
Robin Ruble of Stanford will be
out to settle some important busi
ness.

They were recognized as the
two best high school milers last
year and in two meetings they
split. Tucker edged Ruble earlier
this season and Robin will be try
ing to even the score once again.
Coach Payton Jordan’s spikers,
after compiling but a 3-9 dual
meet record this season, still man
aged to come up with 14 bids to
tomorrow’s Northern California
Invitational track and field meet
in Sunnyvale. Tho activities begin
at 7:30 p.m.

One of the best races of the eve
ning will surely bo the half mile.
The Cards’ Rich Klier will be up
against some real fleet opposition
when he tries to match strides
with former Stanford Olympian
Ernie Cunliffe and an old Stan
ford nemesis Jerry Seibert. Sei
bert used to run for Cal and has a
1:46.9 clocking to his credit.

Indian record holder Dave Weill
will spin the discus along with
his punning mate co-captain Don
Bell. Dan Studney of San Jose
State should he the toughest op
position.
THK javelin throw should also

prove interesting as Art Batchel
der, this year's top heaver, meets
the Stanford record holder Leo
Long head-to-head. Long's record
is 235-9 3 4, but Batchelder has done
233-3.

Phil White, just a sophomore, al
ready holds the Stanford school
mark in the pole vault. His best
of 14-14 is good, but may not be
enough when the youngster meets
San Jose Stale’s Dick Kemmill,
Dick Gear and Jeff Chase. Kem
mel, the odds-on favorite, cleared
13-1 just last weekend.

To Coach Jordan’s happiness,
some of his freshman were also
given invitations. They will be
getting valuable experience in
competition this strong.
Bill Pratt got bids in two events,
the 880 and the mile, but will pass
up the longer run and sprint
strongly in the half. Pratt holds
the frosh standards in both of
these events.

THK mile should be a great one
for Ben Tucker of San Jose and
Robin Ruble of Stanford will be
out to settle some important busi
ness.

They were recognized as the
two best high school milers last
year and in two meetings they
split. Tucker edged Ruble earlier
this season and Robin will be try
ing to even the score once again.
Coach Payton Jordan’s spikers,
after compiling but a 3-9 dual
meet record this season, still man
aged to come up with 14 bids to
tomorrow’s Northern California
Invitational track and field meet
in Sunnyvale. Tho activities begin
at 7:30 p.m.

One of the best races of the eve
ning will surely bo the half mile.
The Cards’ Rich Klier will be up
against some real fleet opposition
when he tries to match strides
with former Stanford Olympian
Ernie Cunliffe and an old Stan
ford nemesis Jerry Seibert. Sei
bert used to run for Cal and has a
1:46.9 clocking to his credit.

Indian record holder Dave Weill
will spin the discus along with
his punning mate co-captain Don
Bell. Dan Studney of San Jose
State should he the toughest op
position.
THK javelin throw should also

prove interesting as Art Batchel
der, this year's top heaver, meets
the Stanford record holder Leo
Long head-to-head. Long's record
is 235-9 3 4, but Batchelder has done
233-3.

Phil White, just a sophomore, al
ready holds the Stanford school
mark in the pole vault. His best
of 14-14 is good, but may not be
enough when the youngster meets
San Jose Stale’s Dick Kemmill,
Dick Gear and Jeff Chase. Kem
mel, the odds-on favorite, cleared
13-1 just last weekend.

To Coach Jordan’s happiness,
some of his freshman were also
given invitations. They will be
getting valuable experience in
competition this strong.
Bill Pratt got bids in two events,
the 880 and the mile, but will pass
up the longer run and sprint
strongly in the half. Pratt holds
the frosh standards in both of
these events.

THK mile should be a great one
for Ben Tucker of San Jose and
Robin Ruble of Stanford will be
out to settle some important busi
ness.

They were recognized as the
two best high school milers last
year and in two meetings they
split. Tucker edged Ruble earlier
this season and Robin will be try
ing to even the score once again.
Coach Payton Jordan’s spikers,
after compiling but a 3-9 dual
meet record this season, still man
aged to come up with 14 bids to
tomorrow’s Northern California
Invitational track and field meet
in Sunnyvale. Tho activities begin
at 7:30 p.m.

One of the best races of the eve
ning will surely bo the half mile.
The Cards’ Rich Klier will be up
against some real fleet opposition
when he tries to match strides
with former Stanford Olympian
Ernie Cunliffe and an old Stan
ford nemesis Jerry Seibert. Sei
bert used to run for Cal and has a
1:46.9 clocking to his credit.

Indian record holder Dave Weill
will spin the discus along with
his punning mate co-captain Don
Bell. Dan Studney of San Jose
State should he the toughest op
position.
THK javelin throw should also

prove interesting as Art Batchel
der, this year's top heaver, meets
the Stanford record holder Leo
Long head-to-head. Long's record
is 235-9 3 4, but Batchelder has done
233-3.

Phil White, just a sophomore, al
ready holds the Stanford school
mark in the pole vault. His best
of 14-14 is good, but may not be
enough when the youngster meets
San Jose Stale’s Dick Kemmill,
Dick Gear and Jeff Chase. Kem
mel, the odds-on favorite, cleared
13-1 just last weekend.

To Coach Jordan’s happiness,
some of his freshman were also
given invitations. They will be
getting valuable experience in
competition this strong.
Bill Pratt got bids in two events,
the 880 and the mile, but will pass
up the longer run and sprint
strongly in the half. Pratt holds
the frosh standards in both of
these events.

THK mile should be a great one
for Ben Tucker of San Jose and
Robin Ruble of Stanford will be
out to settle some important busi
ness.

They were recognized as the
two best high school milers last
year and in two meetings they
split. Tucker edged Ruble earlier
this season and Robin will be try
ing to even the score once again.
Coach Payton Jordan’s spikers,
after compiling but a 3-9 dual
meet record this season, still man
aged to come up with 14 bids to
tomorrow’s Northern California
Invitational track and field meet
in Sunnyvale. Tho activities begin
at 7:30 p.m.

One of the best races of the eve
ning will surely bo the half mile.
The Cards’ Rich Klier will be up
against some real fleet opposition
when he tries to match strides
with former Stanford Olympian
Ernie Cunliffe and an old Stan
ford nemesis Jerry Seibert. Sei
bert used to run for Cal and has a
1:46.9 clocking to his credit.

Indian record holder Dave Weill
will spin the discus along with
his punning mate co-captain Don
Bell. Dan Studney of San Jose
State should he the toughest op
position.
THK javelin throw should also

prove interesting as Art Batchel
der, this year's top heaver, meets
the Stanford record holder Leo
Long head-to-head. Long's record
is 235-9 3 4, but Batchelder has done
233-3.

Phil White, just a sophomore, al
ready holds the Stanford school
mark in the pole vault. His best
of 14-14 is good, but may not be
enough when the youngster meets
San Jose Stale’s Dick Kemmill,
Dick Gear and Jeff Chase. Kem
mel, the odds-on favorite, cleared
13-1 just last weekend.

To Coach Jordan’s happiness,
some of his freshman were also
given invitations. They will be
getting valuable experience in
competition this strong.
Bill Pratt got bids in two events,
the 880 and the mile, but will pass
up the longer run and sprint
strongly in the half. Pratt holds
the frosh standards in both of
these events.

THK mile should be a great one
for Ben Tucker of San Jose and
Robin Ruble of Stanford will be
out to settle some important busi
ness.

They were recognized as the
two best high school milers last
year and in two meetings they
split. Tucker edged Ruble earlier
this season and Robin will be try
ing to even the score once again.
Coach Payton Jordan’s spikers,
after compiling but a 3-9 dual
meet record this season, still man
aged to come up with 14 bids to
tomorrow’s Northern California
Invitational track and field meet
in Sunnyvale. Tho activities begin
at 7:30 p.m.

One of the best races of the eve
ning will surely bo the half mile.
The Cards’ Rich Klier will be up
against some real fleet opposition
when he tries to match strides
with former Stanford Olympian
Ernie Cunliffe and an old Stan
ford nemesis Jerry Seibert. Sei
bert used to run for Cal and has a
1:46.9 clocking to his credit.

Indian record holder Dave Weill
will spin the discus along with
his punning mate co-captain Don
Bell. Dan Studney of San Jose
State should he the toughest op
position.
THK javelin throw should also

prove interesting as Art Batchel
der, this year's top heaver, meets
the Stanford record holder Leo
Long head-to-head. Long's record
is 235-9 3 4, but Batchelder has done
233-3.

Phil White, just a sophomore, al
ready holds the Stanford school
mark in the pole vault. His best
of 14-14 is good, but may not be
enough when the youngster meets
San Jose Stale’s Dick Kemmill,
Dick Gear and Jeff Chase. Kem
mel, the odds-on favorite, cleared
13-1 just last weekend.

To Coach Jordan’s happiness,
some of his freshman were also
given invitations. They will be
getting valuable experience in
competition this strong.
Bill Pratt got bids in two events,
the 880 and the mile, but will pass
up the longer run and sprint
strongly in the half. Pratt holds
the frosh standards in both of
these events.

THK mile should be a great one
for Ben Tucker of San Jose and
Robin Ruble of Stanford will be
out to settle some important busi
ness.

They were recognized as the
two best high school milers last
year and in two meetings they
split. Tucker edged Ruble earlier
this season and Robin will be try
ing to even the score once again.
