# ENGLISH HISTORIAN WILL SPEAK TUESDAY
## 
### 
A noted English historian. Professor
Arthur P. Newton, of Kings College,
London University will arrive at the
campus tomorrow to deliver several ad
dresses on present-day British problems.
Tuesday evening at 7:30, Professor
Newton will speak in the Little Theater
on "Empire Problems and Their Solu
tion." The English publicist is an au
thority whose views have weight in Brit
ish government circles. His suggestions
for the solution of the grave questions
before Great Britain have caused com
ment in the newspapers of the East,
where Professor Newton has been
speaking before university assemblies.
A second address will be given in the
Political Seminar Room (202) Wednes
day afternoon at 4:15. The speaker will
treat with the "Historical Records in
London."
Doctor Newton's addresses are part of
a speaking tour of the United States
under the auspices of the Institute of
International Education.
