# Quad Fraternity Pictures Should Be Taken at Once
## 
### 
I Sororities and fraternities, which
have not taken pictures of "Davey's"
in Palo Alto for the 1921 Quad, are
asked to make final arrangements for
sittings at once. Practically all of
these organizations have reported at
the photographer's, and the manage
ment expects to complete these pic
tures thii-- week.
Junior pictures for the 1921 photo
graphic record of the yearbook were
completed last week.
I Sororities and fraternities, which
have not taken pictures of "Davey's"
in Palo Alto for the 1921 Quad, are
asked to make final arrangements for
sittings at once. Practically all of
these organizations have reported at
the photographer's, and the manage
ment expects to complete these pic
tures thii-- week.
Junior pictures for the 1921 photo
graphic record of the yearbook were
completed last week.
I Sororities and fraternities, which
have not taken pictures of "Davey's"
in Palo Alto for the 1921 Quad, are
asked to make final arrangements for
sittings at once. Practically all of
these organizations have reported at
the photographer's, and the manage
ment expects to complete these pic
tures thii-- week.
Junior pictures for the 1921 photo
graphic record of the yearbook were
completed last week.
I Sororities and fraternities, which
have not taken pictures of "Davey's"
in Palo Alto for the 1921 Quad, are
asked to make final arrangements for
sittings at once. Practically all of
these organizations have reported at
the photographer's, and the manage
ment expects to complete these pic
tures thii-- week.
Junior pictures for the 1921 photo
graphic record of the yearbook were
completed last week.
I Sororities and fraternities, which
have not taken pictures of "Davey's"
in Palo Alto for the 1921 Quad, are
asked to make final arrangements for
sittings at once. Practically all of
these organizations have reported at
the photographer's, and the manage
ment expects to complete these pic
tures thii-- week.
Junior pictures for the 1921 photo
graphic record of the yearbook were
completed last week.
I Sororities and fraternities, which
have not taken pictures of "Davey's"
in Palo Alto for the 1921 Quad, are
asked to make final arrangements for
sittings at once. Practically all of
these organizations have reported at
the photographer's, and the manage
ment expects to complete these pic
tures thii-- week.
Junior pictures for the 1921 photo
graphic record of the yearbook were
completed last week.
I Sororities and fraternities, which
have not taken pictures of "Davey's"
in Palo Alto for the 1921 Quad, are
asked to make final arrangements for
sittings at once. Practically all of
these organizations have reported at
the photographer's, and the manage
ment expects to complete these pic
tures thii-- week.
Junior pictures for the 1921 photo
graphic record of the yearbook were
completed last week.
I Sororities and fraternities, which
have not taken pictures of "Davey's"
in Palo Alto for the 1921 Quad, are
asked to make final arrangements for
sittings at once. Practically all of
these organizations have reported at
the photographer's, and the manage
ment expects to complete these pic
tures thii-- week.
Junior pictures for the 1921 photo
graphic record of the yearbook were
completed last week.
I Sororities and fraternities, which
have not taken pictures of "Davey's"
in Palo Alto for the 1921 Quad, are
asked to make final arrangements for
sittings at once. Practically all of
these organizations have reported at
the photographer's, and the manage
ment expects to complete these pic
tures thii-- week.
Junior pictures for the 1921 photo
graphic record of the yearbook were
completed last week.
I Sororities and fraternities, which
have not taken pictures of "Davey's"
in Palo Alto for the 1921 Quad, are
asked to make final arrangements for
sittings at once. Practically all of
these organizations have reported at
the photographer's, and the manage
ment expects to complete these pic
tures thii-- week.
Junior pictures for the 1921 photo
graphic record of the yearbook were
completed last week.
I Sororities and fraternities, which
have not taken pictures of "Davey's"
in Palo Alto for the 1921 Quad, are
asked to make final arrangements for
sittings at once. Practically all of
these organizations have reported at
the photographer's, and the manage
ment expects to complete these pic
tures thii-- week.
Junior pictures for the 1921 photo
graphic record of the yearbook were
completed last week.
I Sororities and fraternities, which
have not taken pictures of "Davey's"
in Palo Alto for the 1921 Quad, are
asked to make final arrangements for
sittings at once. Practically all of
these organizations have reported at
the photographer's, and the manage
ment expects to complete these pic
tures thii-- week.
Junior pictures for the 1921 photo
graphic record of the yearbook were
completed last week.
