# Adv. 13 Page 4
## 
### 
over the next few years, she
, found 50 people who could
read faster than 1500 words
per minute, with fine com
prehension, outstanding re
call and great satisfaction
in reading.
She was now sure it was
possible to read faster than
; anyone had thought, but the
question of how these peo
ple did it was not yet an
swered. It took 18 years of
toil and research, working
with "natural" fast read
ers, before she began to
find the answers. Her quest
led her to experiment with
students at the Jordan High
r School in Jordan, Utah,
where she was the English
' teacher and girls' coun
[ selor. Eventually a techni-
