# Adv. 18 Page 4
## 
### 
READING
MACHINES
OBSOLETE
One of the major problems
to be faced by the teacher
of fast reading, when the
method is machine ori
ented, is that most student r
lose the acquired skill
shortly after leaving the
course. The machine pro
vided a pacer for the stu
dent, forcing him to move
faster, but when the mach
ine is no longer available
the student tends to rever
to his previous reading pat
terns. The Wood Methoc 1
.teaches the student to use
jhis hand as a pacer, guid
ling his eyes rapidly dowr
the page, and as his pacer
is always with him, he can
retain, and improve upon,
his acquired skill.
