# Adv. 14 Page 4
## 
### 
Reading OonsnM
i G«re?'o/
of Snsfrncficn
I Kenneth Ruff, reading ex
inert of the San Leandrc
'Public Schools, has been
i appointed director of in
struction for Reading Dy
namics of Northern Cali
jfornia. Mr. Ruff, no rela
jtion to Howard Ruff, the In
stitute Director, has beenj
designing remedial and de
velopmental reading pro
grams for schools in Cali
fornia and Oregon for the
past-seven years. At the
lime of his appointment he
said, "After seeing the in
credible results achieved
| by this method and experi
encing them in my own
reading, I have no choice
but to become part of help
ling others to acquire this
fantastic skill."
Reading OonsnM
i G«re?'o/
of Snsfrncficn
I Kenneth Ruff, reading ex
inert of the San Leandrc
'Public Schools, has been
i appointed director of in
struction for Reading Dy
namics of Northern Cali
jfornia. Mr. Ruff, no rela
jtion to Howard Ruff, the In
stitute Director, has beenj
designing remedial and de
velopmental reading pro
grams for schools in Cali
fornia and Oregon for the
past-seven years. At the
lime of his appointment he
said, "After seeing the in
credible results achieved
| by this method and experi
encing them in my own
reading, I have no choice
but to become part of help
ling others to acquire this
fantastic skill."
Reading OonsnM
i G«re?'o/
of Snsfrncficn
I Kenneth Ruff, reading ex
inert of the San Leandrc
'Public Schools, has been
i appointed director of in
struction for Reading Dy
namics of Northern Cali
jfornia. Mr. Ruff, no rela
jtion to Howard Ruff, the In
stitute Director, has beenj
designing remedial and de
velopmental reading pro
grams for schools in Cali
fornia and Oregon for the
past-seven years. At the
lime of his appointment he
said, "After seeing the in
credible results achieved
| by this method and experi
encing them in my own
reading, I have no choice
but to become part of help
ling others to acquire this
fantastic skill."
Reading OonsnM
i G«re?'o/
of Snsfrncficn
I Kenneth Ruff, reading ex
inert of the San Leandrc
'Public Schools, has been
i appointed director of in
struction for Reading Dy
namics of Northern Cali
jfornia. Mr. Ruff, no rela
jtion to Howard Ruff, the In
stitute Director, has beenj
designing remedial and de
velopmental reading pro
grams for schools in Cali
fornia and Oregon for the
past-seven years. At the
lime of his appointment he
said, "After seeing the in
credible results achieved
| by this method and experi
encing them in my own
reading, I have no choice
but to become part of help
ling others to acquire this
fantastic skill."
Reading OonsnM
i G«re?'o/
of Snsfrncficn
I Kenneth Ruff, reading ex
inert of the San Leandrc
'Public Schools, has been
i appointed director of in
struction for Reading Dy
namics of Northern Cali
jfornia. Mr. Ruff, no rela
jtion to Howard Ruff, the In
stitute Director, has beenj
designing remedial and de
velopmental reading pro
grams for schools in Cali
fornia and Oregon for the
past-seven years. At the
lime of his appointment he
said, "After seeing the in
credible results achieved
| by this method and experi
encing them in my own
reading, I have no choice
but to become part of help
ling others to acquire this
fantastic skill."
Reading OonsnM
i G«re?'o/
of Snsfrncficn
I Kenneth Ruff, reading ex
inert of the San Leandrc
'Public Schools, has been
i appointed director of in
struction for Reading Dy
namics of Northern Cali
jfornia. Mr. Ruff, no rela
jtion to Howard Ruff, the In
stitute Director, has beenj
designing remedial and de
velopmental reading pro
grams for schools in Cali
fornia and Oregon for the
past-seven years. At the
lime of his appointment he
said, "After seeing the in
credible results achieved
| by this method and experi
encing them in my own
reading, I have no choice
but to become part of help
ling others to acquire this
fantastic skill."
Reading OonsnM
i G«re?'o/
of Snsfrncficn
I Kenneth Ruff, reading ex
inert of the San Leandrc
'Public Schools, has been
i appointed director of in
struction for Reading Dy
namics of Northern Cali
jfornia. Mr. Ruff, no rela
jtion to Howard Ruff, the In
stitute Director, has beenj
designing remedial and de
velopmental reading pro
grams for schools in Cali
fornia and Oregon for the
past-seven years. At the
lime of his appointment he
said, "After seeing the in
credible results achieved
| by this method and experi
encing them in my own
reading, I have no choice
but to become part of help
ling others to acquire this
fantastic skill."
Reading OonsnM
i G«re?'o/
of Snsfrncficn
I Kenneth Ruff, reading ex
inert of the San Leandrc
'Public Schools, has been
i appointed director of in
struction for Reading Dy
namics of Northern Cali
jfornia. Mr. Ruff, no rela
jtion to Howard Ruff, the In
stitute Director, has beenj
designing remedial and de
velopmental reading pro
grams for schools in Cali
fornia and Oregon for the
past-seven years. At the
lime of his appointment he
said, "After seeing the in
credible results achieved
| by this method and experi
encing them in my own
reading, I have no choice
but to become part of help
ling others to acquire this
fantastic skill."
Reading OonsnM
i G«re?'o/
of Snsfrncficn
I Kenneth Ruff, reading ex
inert of the San Leandrc
'Public Schools, has been
i appointed director of in
struction for Reading Dy
namics of Northern Cali
jfornia. Mr. Ruff, no rela
jtion to Howard Ruff, the In
stitute Director, has beenj
designing remedial and de
velopmental reading pro
grams for schools in Cali
fornia and Oregon for the
past-seven years. At the
lime of his appointment he
said, "After seeing the in
credible results achieved
| by this method and experi
encing them in my own
reading, I have no choice
but to become part of help
ling others to acquire this
fantastic skill."
Reading OonsnM
i G«re?'o/
of Snsfrncficn
I Kenneth Ruff, reading ex
inert of the San Leandrc
'Public Schools, has been
i appointed director of in
struction for Reading Dy
namics of Northern Cali
jfornia. Mr. Ruff, no rela
jtion to Howard Ruff, the In
stitute Director, has beenj
designing remedial and de
velopmental reading pro
grams for schools in Cali
fornia and Oregon for the
past-seven years. At the
lime of his appointment he
said, "After seeing the in
credible results achieved
| by this method and experi
encing them in my own
reading, I have no choice
but to become part of help
ling others to acquire this
fantastic skill."
Reading OonsnM
i G«re?'o/
of Snsfrncficn
I Kenneth Ruff, reading ex
inert of the San Leandrc
'Public Schools, has been
i appointed director of in
struction for Reading Dy
namics of Northern Cali
jfornia. Mr. Ruff, no rela
jtion to Howard Ruff, the In
stitute Director, has beenj
designing remedial and de
velopmental reading pro
grams for schools in Cali
fornia and Oregon for the
past-seven years. At the
lime of his appointment he
said, "After seeing the in
credible results achieved
| by this method and experi
encing them in my own
reading, I have no choice
but to become part of help
ling others to acquire this
fantastic skill."
Reading OonsnM
i G«re?'o/
of Snsfrncficn
I Kenneth Ruff, reading ex
inert of the San Leandrc
'Public Schools, has been
i appointed director of in
struction for Reading Dy
namics of Northern Cali
jfornia. Mr. Ruff, no rela
jtion to Howard Ruff, the In
stitute Director, has beenj
designing remedial and de
velopmental reading pro
grams for schools in Cali
fornia and Oregon for the
past-seven years. At the
lime of his appointment he
said, "After seeing the in
credible results achieved
| by this method and experi
encing them in my own
reading, I have no choice
but to become part of help
ling others to acquire this
fantastic skill."
Reading OonsnM
i G«re?'o/
of Snsfrncficn
I Kenneth Ruff, reading ex
inert of the San Leandrc
'Public Schools, has been
i appointed director of in
struction for Reading Dy
namics of Northern Cali
jfornia. Mr. Ruff, no rela
jtion to Howard Ruff, the In
stitute Director, has beenj
designing remedial and de
velopmental reading pro
grams for schools in Cali
fornia and Oregon for the
past-seven years. At the
lime of his appointment he
said, "After seeing the in
credible results achieved
| by this method and experi
encing them in my own
reading, I have no choice
but to become part of help
ling others to acquire this
fantastic skill."
Reading OonsnM
i G«re?'o/
of Snsfrncficn
I Kenneth Ruff, reading ex
inert of the San Leandrc
'Public Schools, has been
i appointed director of in
struction for Reading Dy
namics of Northern Cali
jfornia. Mr. Ruff, no rela
jtion to Howard Ruff, the In
stitute Director, has beenj
designing remedial and de
velopmental reading pro
grams for schools in Cali
fornia and Oregon for the
past-seven years. At the
lime of his appointment he
said, "After seeing the in
credible results achieved
| by this method and experi
encing them in my own
reading, I have no choice
but to become part of help
ling others to acquire this
fantastic skill."
Reading OonsnM
i G«re?'o/
of Snsfrncficn
I Kenneth Ruff, reading ex
inert of the San Leandrc
'Public Schools, has been
i appointed director of in
struction for Reading Dy
namics of Northern Cali
jfornia. Mr. Ruff, no rela
jtion to Howard Ruff, the In
stitute Director, has beenj
designing remedial and de
velopmental reading pro
grams for schools in Cali
fornia and Oregon for the
past-seven years. At the
lime of his appointment he
said, "After seeing the in
credible results achieved
| by this method and experi
encing them in my own
reading, I have no choice
but to become part of help
ling others to acquire this
fantastic skill."
