# Buck Rogers Special. . .
## 
### 

From out of the inner sanctum of the designing
rooms of Detroit comes Chrysler's conception of
the car of the future. Its turbine engines promise
no more noine than a vacuum cleaner. Chrysler
hopes it lias more horsepower.

From out of the inner sanctum of the designing
rooms of Detroit comes Chrysler's conception of
the car of the future. Its turbine engines promise
no more noine than a vacuum cleaner. Chrysler
hopes it lias more horsepower.

From out of the inner sanctum of the designing
rooms of Detroit comes Chrysler's conception of
the car of the future. Its turbine engines promise
no more noine than a vacuum cleaner. Chrysler
hopes it lias more horsepower.

From out of the inner sanctum of the designing
rooms of Detroit comes Chrysler's conception of
the car of the future. Its turbine engines promise
no more noine than a vacuum cleaner. Chrysler
hopes it lias more horsepower.

From out of the inner sanctum of the designing
rooms of Detroit comes Chrysler's conception of
the car of the future. Its turbine engines promise
no more noine than a vacuum cleaner. Chrysler
hopes it lias more horsepower.

From out of the inner sanctum of the designing
rooms of Detroit comes Chrysler's conception of
the car of the future. Its turbine engines promise
no more noine than a vacuum cleaner. Chrysler
hopes it lias more horsepower.

From out of the inner sanctum of the designing
rooms of Detroit comes Chrysler's conception of
the car of the future. Its turbine engines promise
no more noine than a vacuum cleaner. Chrysler
hopes it lias more horsepower.

From out of the inner sanctum of the designing
rooms of Detroit comes Chrysler's conception of
the car of the future. Its turbine engines promise
no more noine than a vacuum cleaner. Chrysler
hopes it lias more horsepower.

From out of the inner sanctum of the designing
rooms of Detroit comes Chrysler's conception of
the car of the future. Its turbine engines promise
no more noine than a vacuum cleaner. Chrysler
hopes it lias more horsepower.

From out of the inner sanctum of the designing
rooms of Detroit comes Chrysler's conception of
the car of the future. Its turbine engines promise
no more noine than a vacuum cleaner. Chrysler
hopes it lias more horsepower.

From out of the inner sanctum of the designing
rooms of Detroit comes Chrysler's conception of
the car of the future. Its turbine engines promise
no more noine than a vacuum cleaner. Chrysler
hopes it lias more horsepower.

From out of the inner sanctum of the designing
rooms of Detroit comes Chrysler's conception of
the car of the future. Its turbine engines promise
no more noine than a vacuum cleaner. Chrysler
hopes it lias more horsepower.

From out of the inner sanctum of the designing
rooms of Detroit comes Chrysler's conception of
the car of the future. Its turbine engines promise
no more noine than a vacuum cleaner. Chrysler
hopes it lias more horsepower.

From out of the inner sanctum of the designing
rooms of Detroit comes Chrysler's conception of
the car of the future. Its turbine engines promise
no more noine than a vacuum cleaner. Chrysler
hopes it lias more horsepower.

From out of the inner sanctum of the designing
rooms of Detroit comes Chrysler's conception of
the car of the future. Its turbine engines promise
no more noine than a vacuum cleaner. Chrysler
hopes it lias more horsepower.
