# Work Projects Set For Break
## 
### 
Two more work projects for
Stanford students are being or
ganized for spring vacation.
One, a project in the Spanish-
American community in Eden
Township (Hayward), will as
sist the residents in such com
munity-wide projects as clean
ups and recreational activities.
Student workers will live with
local families and work with so
cial workers and administrators
in the community.
The other, a project in East
Oakland, will augment current
voter registration drives. Volun
teers will also attend neighbor
hood meetings, observe schools
and speak with local leaders.
Interested students should con
tact Margaret Gates at the "Y"
office (Women's Clubhouse) for
the Oakland project and should
pick up an application at the In
ternational Center by tomorrow
for the Oakland project.
Two more work projects for
Stanford students are being or
ganized for spring vacation.
One, a project in the Spanish-
American community in Eden
Township (Hayward), will as
sist the residents in such com
munity-wide projects as clean
ups and recreational activities.
Student workers will live with
local families and work with so
cial workers and administrators
in the community.
The other, a project in East
Oakland, will augment current
voter registration drives. Volun
teers will also attend neighbor
hood meetings, observe schools
and speak with local leaders.
Interested students should con
tact Margaret Gates at the "Y"
office (Women's Clubhouse) for
the Oakland project and should
pick up an application at the In
ternational Center by tomorrow
for the Oakland project.
Two more work projects for
Stanford students are being or
ganized for spring vacation.
One, a project in the Spanish-
American community in Eden
Township (Hayward), will as
sist the residents in such com
munity-wide projects as clean
ups and recreational activities.
Student workers will live with
local families and work with so
cial workers and administrators
in the community.
The other, a project in East
Oakland, will augment current
voter registration drives. Volun
teers will also attend neighbor
hood meetings, observe schools
and speak with local leaders.
Interested students should con
tact Margaret Gates at the "Y"
office (Women's Clubhouse) for
the Oakland project and should
pick up an application at the In
ternational Center by tomorrow
for the Oakland project.
Two more work projects for
Stanford students are being or
ganized for spring vacation.
One, a project in the Spanish-
American community in Eden
Township (Hayward), will as
sist the residents in such com
munity-wide projects as clean
ups and recreational activities.
Student workers will live with
local families and work with so
cial workers and administrators
in the community.
The other, a project in East
Oakland, will augment current
voter registration drives. Volun
teers will also attend neighbor
hood meetings, observe schools
and speak with local leaders.
Interested students should con
tact Margaret Gates at the "Y"
office (Women's Clubhouse) for
the Oakland project and should
pick up an application at the In
ternational Center by tomorrow
for the Oakland project.
Two more work projects for
Stanford students are being or
ganized for spring vacation.
One, a project in the Spanish-
American community in Eden
Township (Hayward), will as
sist the residents in such com
munity-wide projects as clean
ups and recreational activities.
Student workers will live with
local families and work with so
cial workers and administrators
in the community.
The other, a project in East
Oakland, will augment current
voter registration drives. Volun
teers will also attend neighbor
hood meetings, observe schools
and speak with local leaders.
Interested students should con
tact Margaret Gates at the "Y"
office (Women's Clubhouse) for
the Oakland project and should
pick up an application at the In
ternational Center by tomorrow
for the Oakland project.
Two more work projects for
Stanford students are being or
ganized for spring vacation.
One, a project in the Spanish-
American community in Eden
Township (Hayward), will as
sist the residents in such com
munity-wide projects as clean
ups and recreational activities.
Student workers will live with
local families and work with so
cial workers and administrators
in the community.
The other, a project in East
Oakland, will augment current
voter registration drives. Volun
teers will also attend neighbor
hood meetings, observe schools
and speak with local leaders.
Interested students should con
tact Margaret Gates at the "Y"
office (Women's Clubhouse) for
the Oakland project and should
pick up an application at the In
ternational Center by tomorrow
for the Oakland project.
Two more work projects for
Stanford students are being or
ganized for spring vacation.
One, a project in the Spanish-
American community in Eden
Township (Hayward), will as
sist the residents in such com
munity-wide projects as clean
ups and recreational activities.
Student workers will live with
local families and work with so
cial workers and administrators
in the community.
The other, a project in East
Oakland, will augment current
voter registration drives. Volun
teers will also attend neighbor
hood meetings, observe schools
and speak with local leaders.
Interested students should con
tact Margaret Gates at the "Y"
office (Women's Clubhouse) for
the Oakland project and should
pick up an application at the In
ternational Center by tomorrow
for the Oakland project.
Two more work projects for
Stanford students are being or
ganized for spring vacation.
One, a project in the Spanish-
American community in Eden
Township (Hayward), will as
sist the residents in such com
munity-wide projects as clean
ups and recreational activities.
Student workers will live with
local families and work with so
cial workers and administrators
in the community.
The other, a project in East
Oakland, will augment current
voter registration drives. Volun
teers will also attend neighbor
hood meetings, observe schools
and speak with local leaders.
Interested students should con
tact Margaret Gates at the "Y"
office (Women's Clubhouse) for
the Oakland project and should
pick up an application at the In
ternational Center by tomorrow
for the Oakland project.
Two more work projects for
Stanford students are being or
ganized for spring vacation.
One, a project in the Spanish-
American community in Eden
Township (Hayward), will as
sist the residents in such com
munity-wide projects as clean
ups and recreational activities.
Student workers will live with
local families and work with so
cial workers and administrators
in the community.
The other, a project in East
Oakland, will augment current
voter registration drives. Volun
teers will also attend neighbor
hood meetings, observe schools
and speak with local leaders.
Interested students should con
tact Margaret Gates at the "Y"
office (Women's Clubhouse) for
the Oakland project and should
pick up an application at the In
ternational Center by tomorrow
for the Oakland project.
Two more work projects for
Stanford students are being or
ganized for spring vacation.
One, a project in the Spanish-
American community in Eden
Township (Hayward), will as
sist the residents in such com
munity-wide projects as clean
ups and recreational activities.
Student workers will live with
local families and work with so
cial workers and administrators
in the community.
The other, a project in East
Oakland, will augment current
voter registration drives. Volun
teers will also attend neighbor
hood meetings, observe schools
and speak with local leaders.
Interested students should con
tact Margaret Gates at the "Y"
office (Women's Clubhouse) for
the Oakland project and should
pick up an application at the In
ternational Center by tomorrow
for the Oakland project.
Two more work projects for
Stanford students are being or
ganized for spring vacation.
One, a project in the Spanish-
American community in Eden
Township (Hayward), will as
sist the residents in such com
munity-wide projects as clean
ups and recreational activities.
Student workers will live with
local families and work with so
cial workers and administrators
in the community.
The other, a project in East
Oakland, will augment current
voter registration drives. Volun
teers will also attend neighbor
hood meetings, observe schools
and speak with local leaders.
Interested students should con
tact Margaret Gates at the "Y"
office (Women's Clubhouse) for
the Oakland project and should
pick up an application at the In
ternational Center by tomorrow
for the Oakland project.
Two more work projects for
Stanford students are being or
ganized for spring vacation.
One, a project in the Spanish-
American community in Eden
Township (Hayward), will as
sist the residents in such com
munity-wide projects as clean
ups and recreational activities.
Student workers will live with
local families and work with so
cial workers and administrators
in the community.
The other, a project in East
Oakland, will augment current
voter registration drives. Volun
teers will also attend neighbor
hood meetings, observe schools
and speak with local leaders.
Interested students should con
tact Margaret Gates at the "Y"
office (Women's Clubhouse) for
the Oakland project and should
pick up an application at the In
ternational Center by tomorrow
for the Oakland project.
Two more work projects for
Stanford students are being or
ganized for spring vacation.
One, a project in the Spanish-
American community in Eden
Township (Hayward), will as
sist the residents in such com
munity-wide projects as clean
ups and recreational activities.
Student workers will live with
local families and work with so
cial workers and administrators
in the community.
The other, a project in East
Oakland, will augment current
voter registration drives. Volun
teers will also attend neighbor
hood meetings, observe schools
and speak with local leaders.
Interested students should con
tact Margaret Gates at the "Y"
office (Women's Clubhouse) for
the Oakland project and should
pick up an application at the In
ternational Center by tomorrow
for the Oakland project.
Two more work projects for
Stanford students are being or
ganized for spring vacation.
One, a project in the Spanish-
American community in Eden
Township (Hayward), will as
sist the residents in such com
munity-wide projects as clean
ups and recreational activities.
Student workers will live with
local families and work with so
cial workers and administrators
in the community.
The other, a project in East
Oakland, will augment current
voter registration drives. Volun
teers will also attend neighbor
hood meetings, observe schools
and speak with local leaders.
Interested students should con
tact Margaret Gates at the "Y"
office (Women's Clubhouse) for
the Oakland project and should
pick up an application at the In
ternational Center by tomorrow
for the Oakland project.
Two more work projects for
Stanford students are being or
ganized for spring vacation.
One, a project in the Spanish-
American community in Eden
Township (Hayward), will as
sist the residents in such com
munity-wide projects as clean
ups and recreational activities.
Student workers will live with
local families and work with so
cial workers and administrators
in the community.
The other, a project in East
Oakland, will augment current
voter registration drives. Volun
teers will also attend neighbor
hood meetings, observe schools
and speak with local leaders.
Interested students should con
tact Margaret Gates at the "Y"
office (Women's Clubhouse) for
the Oakland project and should
pick up an application at the In
ternational Center by tomorrow
for the Oakland project.
