# "GOTEM" IS ANSWER TO VARSITY TELEGRAM.
## 
### 
In reply to the famous "Gogetem"
message received by the Varsity rug
by team before the Big Game, a cable
gram consisting of the expressive
word, "Gotem," was sent today. It
was addressed as follows: "J. R. Pem
berton, care Ricardo Dowdall, Calle
Florida ii4S, Buenos Aires, Argen
tina, S. A.
In reply to the famous "Gogetem"
message received by the Varsity rug
by team before the Big Game, a cable
gram consisting of the expressive
word, "Gotem," was sent today. It
was addressed as follows: "J. R. Pem
berton, care Ricardo Dowdall, Calle
Florida ii4S, Buenos Aires, Argen
tina, S. A.
In reply to the famous "Gogetem"
message received by the Varsity rug
by team before the Big Game, a cable
gram consisting of the expressive
word, "Gotem," was sent today. It
was addressed as follows: "J. R. Pem
berton, care Ricardo Dowdall, Calle
Florida ii4S, Buenos Aires, Argen
tina, S. A.
In reply to the famous "Gogetem"
message received by the Varsity rug
by team before the Big Game, a cable
gram consisting of the expressive
word, "Gotem," was sent today. It
was addressed as follows: "J. R. Pem
berton, care Ricardo Dowdall, Calle
Florida ii4S, Buenos Aires, Argen
tina, S. A.
In reply to the famous "Gogetem"
message received by the Varsity rug
by team before the Big Game, a cable
gram consisting of the expressive
word, "Gotem," was sent today. It
was addressed as follows: "J. R. Pem
berton, care Ricardo Dowdall, Calle
Florida ii4S, Buenos Aires, Argen
tina, S. A.
In reply to the famous "Gogetem"
message received by the Varsity rug
by team before the Big Game, a cable
gram consisting of the expressive
word, "Gotem," was sent today. It
was addressed as follows: "J. R. Pem
berton, care Ricardo Dowdall, Calle
Florida ii4S, Buenos Aires, Argen
tina, S. A.
In reply to the famous "Gogetem"
message received by the Varsity rug
by team before the Big Game, a cable
gram consisting of the expressive
word, "Gotem," was sent today. It
was addressed as follows: "J. R. Pem
berton, care Ricardo Dowdall, Calle
Florida ii4S, Buenos Aires, Argen
tina, S. A.
In reply to the famous "Gogetem"
message received by the Varsity rug
by team before the Big Game, a cable
gram consisting of the expressive
word, "Gotem," was sent today. It
was addressed as follows: "J. R. Pem
berton, care Ricardo Dowdall, Calle
Florida ii4S, Buenos Aires, Argen
tina, S. A.
In reply to the famous "Gogetem"
message received by the Varsity rug
by team before the Big Game, a cable
gram consisting of the expressive
word, "Gotem," was sent today. It
was addressed as follows: "J. R. Pem
berton, care Ricardo Dowdall, Calle
Florida ii4S, Buenos Aires, Argen
tina, S. A.
In reply to the famous "Gogetem"
message received by the Varsity rug
by team before the Big Game, a cable
gram consisting of the expressive
word, "Gotem," was sent today. It
was addressed as follows: "J. R. Pem
berton, care Ricardo Dowdall, Calle
Florida ii4S, Buenos Aires, Argen
tina, S. A.
In reply to the famous "Gogetem"
message received by the Varsity rug
by team before the Big Game, a cable
gram consisting of the expressive
word, "Gotem," was sent today. It
was addressed as follows: "J. R. Pem
berton, care Ricardo Dowdall, Calle
Florida ii4S, Buenos Aires, Argen
tina, S. A.
In reply to the famous "Gogetem"
message received by the Varsity rug
by team before the Big Game, a cable
gram consisting of the expressive
word, "Gotem," was sent today. It
was addressed as follows: "J. R. Pem
berton, care Ricardo Dowdall, Calle
Florida ii4S, Buenos Aires, Argen
tina, S. A.
In reply to the famous "Gogetem"
message received by the Varsity rug
by team before the Big Game, a cable
gram consisting of the expressive
word, "Gotem," was sent today. It
was addressed as follows: "J. R. Pem
berton, care Ricardo Dowdall, Calle
Florida ii4S, Buenos Aires, Argen
tina, S. A.
In reply to the famous "Gogetem"
message received by the Varsity rug
by team before the Big Game, a cable
gram consisting of the expressive
word, "Gotem," was sent today. It
was addressed as follows: "J. R. Pem
berton, care Ricardo Dowdall, Calle
Florida ii4S, Buenos Aires, Argen
tina, S. A.
