# Adv. 16 Page 3
## 
### 
p
A
L
O
A
L
T
O
G
A
R
A
G
E
PLYMOUTH
DE SOTO
I
©
REPAIRS
AND
SERVICE
At Reasonable
Prices
i
on all makes of cars by
mechanics with not less
than ten years' experience
•
CARS PAINTED
$1 5.00 up
BODY, TOP AND
FENDER WORK
•
AUTOMOTIVE
ENGINEERS
•
PHIL MEIBACH, '14, Prop.
440-442 EMERSON
•
JUST OFF
UNIVERSITY AVE.
p
A
L
O
A
L
T
O
G
A
R
A
G
E
PLYMOUTH
DE SOTO
I
©
REPAIRS
AND
SERVICE
At Reasonable
Prices
i
on all makes of cars by
mechanics with not less
than ten years' experience
•
CARS PAINTED
$1 5.00 up
BODY, TOP AND
FENDER WORK
•
AUTOMOTIVE
ENGINEERS
•
PHIL MEIBACH, '14, Prop.
440-442 EMERSON
•
JUST OFF
UNIVERSITY AVE.
p
A
L
O
A
L
T
O
G
A
R
A
G
E
PLYMOUTH
DE SOTO
I
©
REPAIRS
AND
SERVICE
At Reasonable
Prices
i
on all makes of cars by
mechanics with not less
than ten years' experience
•
CARS PAINTED
$1 5.00 up
BODY, TOP AND
FENDER WORK
•
AUTOMOTIVE
ENGINEERS
•
PHIL MEIBACH, '14, Prop.
440-442 EMERSON
•
JUST OFF
UNIVERSITY AVE.
p
A
L
O
A
L
T
O
G
A
R
A
G
E
PLYMOUTH
DE SOTO
I
©
REPAIRS
AND
SERVICE
At Reasonable
Prices
i
on all makes of cars by
mechanics with not less
than ten years' experience
•
CARS PAINTED
$1 5.00 up
BODY, TOP AND
FENDER WORK
•
AUTOMOTIVE
ENGINEERS
•
PHIL MEIBACH, '14, Prop.
440-442 EMERSON
•
JUST OFF
UNIVERSITY AVE.
p
A
L
O
A
L
T
O
G
A
R
A
G
E
PLYMOUTH
DE SOTO
I
©
REPAIRS
AND
SERVICE
At Reasonable
Prices
i
on all makes of cars by
mechanics with not less
than ten years' experience
•
CARS PAINTED
$1 5.00 up
BODY, TOP AND
FENDER WORK
•
AUTOMOTIVE
ENGINEERS
•
PHIL MEIBACH, '14, Prop.
440-442 EMERSON
•
JUST OFF
UNIVERSITY AVE.
p
A
L
O
A
L
T
O
G
A
R
A
G
E
PLYMOUTH
DE SOTO
I
©
REPAIRS
AND
SERVICE
At Reasonable
Prices
i
on all makes of cars by
mechanics with not less
than ten years' experience
•
CARS PAINTED
$1 5.00 up
BODY, TOP AND
FENDER WORK
•
AUTOMOTIVE
ENGINEERS
•
PHIL MEIBACH, '14, Prop.
440-442 EMERSON
•
JUST OFF
UNIVERSITY AVE.
p
A
L
O
A
L
T
O
G
A
R
A
G
E
PLYMOUTH
DE SOTO
I
©
REPAIRS
AND
SERVICE
At Reasonable
Prices
i
on all makes of cars by
mechanics with not less
than ten years' experience
•
CARS PAINTED
$1 5.00 up
BODY, TOP AND
FENDER WORK
•
AUTOMOTIVE
ENGINEERS
•
PHIL MEIBACH, '14, Prop.
440-442 EMERSON
•
JUST OFF
UNIVERSITY AVE.
p
A
L
O
A
L
T
O
G
A
R
A
G
E
PLYMOUTH
DE SOTO
I
©
REPAIRS
AND
SERVICE
At Reasonable
Prices
i
on all makes of cars by
mechanics with not less
than ten years' experience
•
CARS PAINTED
$1 5.00 up
BODY, TOP AND
FENDER WORK
•
AUTOMOTIVE
ENGINEERS
•
PHIL MEIBACH, '14, Prop.
440-442 EMERSON
•
JUST OFF
UNIVERSITY AVE.
p
A
L
O
A
L
T
O
G
A
R
A
G
E
PLYMOUTH
DE SOTO
I
©
REPAIRS
AND
SERVICE
At Reasonable
Prices
i
on all makes of cars by
mechanics with not less
than ten years' experience
•
CARS PAINTED
$1 5.00 up
BODY, TOP AND
FENDER WORK
•
AUTOMOTIVE
ENGINEERS
•
PHIL MEIBACH, '14, Prop.
440-442 EMERSON
•
JUST OFF
UNIVERSITY AVE.
p
A
L
O
A
L
T
O
G
A
R
A
G
E
PLYMOUTH
DE SOTO
I
©
REPAIRS
AND
SERVICE
At Reasonable
Prices
i
on all makes of cars by
mechanics with not less
than ten years' experience
•
CARS PAINTED
$1 5.00 up
BODY, TOP AND
FENDER WORK
•
AUTOMOTIVE
ENGINEERS
•
PHIL MEIBACH, '14, Prop.
440-442 EMERSON
•
JUST OFF
UNIVERSITY AVE.
p
A
L
O
A
L
T
O
G
A
R
A
G
E
PLYMOUTH
DE SOTO
I
©
REPAIRS
AND
SERVICE
At Reasonable
Prices
i
on all makes of cars by
mechanics with not less
than ten years' experience
•
CARS PAINTED
$1 5.00 up
BODY, TOP AND
FENDER WORK
•
AUTOMOTIVE
ENGINEERS
•
PHIL MEIBACH, '14, Prop.
440-442 EMERSON
•
JUST OFF
UNIVERSITY AVE.
p
A
L
O
A
L
T
O
G
A
R
A
G
E
PLYMOUTH
DE SOTO
I
©
REPAIRS
AND
SERVICE
At Reasonable
Prices
i
on all makes of cars by
mechanics with not less
than ten years' experience
•
CARS PAINTED
$1 5.00 up
BODY, TOP AND
FENDER WORK
•
AUTOMOTIVE
ENGINEERS
•
PHIL MEIBACH, '14, Prop.
440-442 EMERSON
•
JUST OFF
UNIVERSITY AVE.
p
A
L
O
A
L
T
O
G
A
R
A
G
E
PLYMOUTH
DE SOTO
I
©
REPAIRS
AND
SERVICE
At Reasonable
Prices
i
on all makes of cars by
mechanics with not less
than ten years' experience
•
CARS PAINTED
$1 5.00 up
BODY, TOP AND
FENDER WORK
•
AUTOMOTIVE
ENGINEERS
•
PHIL MEIBACH, '14, Prop.
440-442 EMERSON
•
JUST OFF
UNIVERSITY AVE.
p
A
L
O
A
L
T
O
G
A
R
A
G
E
PLYMOUTH
DE SOTO
I
©
REPAIRS
AND
SERVICE
At Reasonable
Prices
i
on all makes of cars by
mechanics with not less
than ten years' experience
•
CARS PAINTED
$1 5.00 up
BODY, TOP AND
FENDER WORK
•
AUTOMOTIVE
ENGINEERS
•
PHIL MEIBACH, '14, Prop.
440-442 EMERSON
•
JUST OFF
UNIVERSITY AVE.
p
A
L
O
A
L
T
O
G
A
R
A
G
E
PLYMOUTH
DE SOTO
I
©
REPAIRS
AND
SERVICE
At Reasonable
Prices
i
on all makes of cars by
mechanics with not less
than ten years' experience
•
CARS PAINTED
$1 5.00 up
BODY, TOP AND
FENDER WORK
•
AUTOMOTIVE
ENGINEERS
•
PHIL MEIBACH, '14, Prop.
440-442 EMERSON
•
JUST OFF
UNIVERSITY AVE.
