# THETA DELT PLEDGE
## 
### 
Theta Delta Chi announces Ihe
pledging of Bob Johnson, '3(5.
Theta Delta Chi announces Ihe
pledging of Bob Johnson, '3(5.
Theta Delta Chi announces Ihe
pledging of Bob Johnson, '3(5.
Theta Delta Chi announces Ihe
pledging of Bob Johnson, '3(5.
Theta Delta Chi announces Ihe
pledging of Bob Johnson, '3(5.
Theta Delta Chi announces Ihe
pledging of Bob Johnson, '3(5.
Theta Delta Chi announces Ihe
pledging of Bob Johnson, '3(5.
Theta Delta Chi announces Ihe
pledging of Bob Johnson, '3(5.
Theta Delta Chi announces Ihe
pledging of Bob Johnson, '3(5.
Theta Delta Chi announces Ihe
pledging of Bob Johnson, '3(5.
Theta Delta Chi announces Ihe
pledging of Bob Johnson, '3(5.
Theta Delta Chi announces Ihe
pledging of Bob Johnson, '3(5.
Theta Delta Chi announces Ihe
pledging of Bob Johnson, '3(5.
Theta Delta Chi announces Ihe
pledging of Bob Johnson, '3(5.
Theta Delta Chi announces Ihe
pledging of Bob Johnson, '3(5.
