# EMMA GETS LOCK-OUT Horrors Weaken Mascot RESTS IN LAGUNITA
## 
### 
Exhausted by activities at
Saturday's game, a hecvic eve
ning of public appearance at a
San Francisco hotel, and crush
ed by the experience of her
first "lock-out," Emma, rooting
section mascot of Yell Leader
Jim Triolo and sacred owl of
the Brotherhood of Turtles, is
recuperating at Lagunita Court.
With her head swathed in a
cold towel Emma enjoyed the
restful atmosphere of the dor
mitory and tender care of Sign
Sisters of the Turtle brother
hood. Believing the fcacred
owl's health and beauty threat
ened by kidnap experiences of
last week and sleepless nights
at Encina, Sign Sisters took the
mascot under their personal
care.
Since her arrival at Lagunita
at 2:04 o'clock Sunday morn
ing, the owl has been enter
tained with great ceremony. At
4:11 o'clock Sunday she was al
lowed to bp a guest at after
noon tea. At this function Em
ma was formally introduced to
Lagunita Court Director Anas
tasia Doyle, who exclaimed
with admiration, "Isn't she
handsome."
Exhausted by activities at
Saturday's game, a hecvic eve
ning of public appearance at a
San Francisco hotel, and crush
ed by the experience of her
first "lock-out," Emma, rooting
section mascot of Yell Leader
Jim Triolo and sacred owl of
the Brotherhood of Turtles, is
recuperating at Lagunita Court.
With her head swathed in a
cold towel Emma enjoyed the
restful atmosphere of the dor
mitory and tender care of Sign
Sisters of the Turtle brother
hood. Believing the fcacred
owl's health and beauty threat
ened by kidnap experiences of
last week and sleepless nights
at Encina, Sign Sisters took the
mascot under their personal
care.
Since her arrival at Lagunita
at 2:04 o'clock Sunday morn
ing, the owl has been enter
tained with great ceremony. At
4:11 o'clock Sunday she was al
lowed to bp a guest at after
noon tea. At this function Em
ma was formally introduced to
Lagunita Court Director Anas
tasia Doyle, who exclaimed
with admiration, "Isn't she
handsome."
Exhausted by activities at
Saturday's game, a hecvic eve
ning of public appearance at a
San Francisco hotel, and crush
ed by the experience of her
first "lock-out," Emma, rooting
section mascot of Yell Leader
Jim Triolo and sacred owl of
the Brotherhood of Turtles, is
recuperating at Lagunita Court.
With her head swathed in a
cold towel Emma enjoyed the
restful atmosphere of the dor
mitory and tender care of Sign
Sisters of the Turtle brother
hood. Believing the fcacred
owl's health and beauty threat
ened by kidnap experiences of
last week and sleepless nights
at Encina, Sign Sisters took the
mascot under their personal
care.
Since her arrival at Lagunita
at 2:04 o'clock Sunday morn
ing, the owl has been enter
tained with great ceremony. At
4:11 o'clock Sunday she was al
lowed to bp a guest at after
noon tea. At this function Em
ma was formally introduced to
Lagunita Court Director Anas
tasia Doyle, who exclaimed
with admiration, "Isn't she
handsome."
Exhausted by activities at
Saturday's game, a hecvic eve
ning of public appearance at a
San Francisco hotel, and crush
ed by the experience of her
first "lock-out," Emma, rooting
section mascot of Yell Leader
Jim Triolo and sacred owl of
the Brotherhood of Turtles, is
recuperating at Lagunita Court.
With her head swathed in a
cold towel Emma enjoyed the
restful atmosphere of the dor
mitory and tender care of Sign
Sisters of the Turtle brother
hood. Believing the fcacred
owl's health and beauty threat
ened by kidnap experiences of
last week and sleepless nights
at Encina, Sign Sisters took the
mascot under their personal
care.
Since her arrival at Lagunita
at 2:04 o'clock Sunday morn
ing, the owl has been enter
tained with great ceremony. At
4:11 o'clock Sunday she was al
lowed to bp a guest at after
noon tea. At this function Em
ma was formally introduced to
Lagunita Court Director Anas
tasia Doyle, who exclaimed
with admiration, "Isn't she
handsome."
Exhausted by activities at
Saturday's game, a hecvic eve
ning of public appearance at a
San Francisco hotel, and crush
ed by the experience of her
first "lock-out," Emma, rooting
section mascot of Yell Leader
Jim Triolo and sacred owl of
the Brotherhood of Turtles, is
recuperating at Lagunita Court.
With her head swathed in a
cold towel Emma enjoyed the
restful atmosphere of the dor
mitory and tender care of Sign
Sisters of the Turtle brother
hood. Believing the fcacred
owl's health and beauty threat
ened by kidnap experiences of
last week and sleepless nights
at Encina, Sign Sisters took the
mascot under their personal
care.
Since her arrival at Lagunita
at 2:04 o'clock Sunday morn
ing, the owl has been enter
tained with great ceremony. At
4:11 o'clock Sunday she was al
lowed to bp a guest at after
noon tea. At this function Em
ma was formally introduced to
Lagunita Court Director Anas
tasia Doyle, who exclaimed
with admiration, "Isn't she
handsome."
Exhausted by activities at
Saturday's game, a hecvic eve
ning of public appearance at a
San Francisco hotel, and crush
ed by the experience of her
first "lock-out," Emma, rooting
section mascot of Yell Leader
Jim Triolo and sacred owl of
the Brotherhood of Turtles, is
recuperating at Lagunita Court.
With her head swathed in a
cold towel Emma enjoyed the
restful atmosphere of the dor
mitory and tender care of Sign
Sisters of the Turtle brother
hood. Believing the fcacred
owl's health and beauty threat
ened by kidnap experiences of
last week and sleepless nights
at Encina, Sign Sisters took the
mascot under their personal
care.
Since her arrival at Lagunita
at 2:04 o'clock Sunday morn
ing, the owl has been enter
tained with great ceremony. At
4:11 o'clock Sunday she was al
lowed to bp a guest at after
noon tea. At this function Em
ma was formally introduced to
Lagunita Court Director Anas
tasia Doyle, who exclaimed
with admiration, "Isn't she
handsome."
Exhausted by activities at
Saturday's game, a hecvic eve
ning of public appearance at a
San Francisco hotel, and crush
ed by the experience of her
first "lock-out," Emma, rooting
section mascot of Yell Leader
Jim Triolo and sacred owl of
the Brotherhood of Turtles, is
recuperating at Lagunita Court.
With her head swathed in a
cold towel Emma enjoyed the
restful atmosphere of the dor
mitory and tender care of Sign
Sisters of the Turtle brother
hood. Believing the fcacred
owl's health and beauty threat
ened by kidnap experiences of
last week and sleepless nights
at Encina, Sign Sisters took the
mascot under their personal
care.
Since her arrival at Lagunita
at 2:04 o'clock Sunday morn
ing, the owl has been enter
tained with great ceremony. At
4:11 o'clock Sunday she was al
lowed to bp a guest at after
noon tea. At this function Em
ma was formally introduced to
Lagunita Court Director Anas
tasia Doyle, who exclaimed
with admiration, "Isn't she
handsome."
Exhausted by activities at
Saturday's game, a hecvic eve
ning of public appearance at a
San Francisco hotel, and crush
ed by the experience of her
first "lock-out," Emma, rooting
section mascot of Yell Leader
Jim Triolo and sacred owl of
the Brotherhood of Turtles, is
recuperating at Lagunita Court.
With her head swathed in a
cold towel Emma enjoyed the
restful atmosphere of the dor
mitory and tender care of Sign
Sisters of the Turtle brother
hood. Believing the fcacred
owl's health and beauty threat
ened by kidnap experiences of
last week and sleepless nights
at Encina, Sign Sisters took the
mascot under their personal
care.
Since her arrival at Lagunita
at 2:04 o'clock Sunday morn
ing, the owl has been enter
tained with great ceremony. At
4:11 o'clock Sunday she was al
lowed to bp a guest at after
noon tea. At this function Em
ma was formally introduced to
Lagunita Court Director Anas
tasia Doyle, who exclaimed
with admiration, "Isn't she
handsome."
Exhausted by activities at
Saturday's game, a hecvic eve
ning of public appearance at a
San Francisco hotel, and crush
ed by the experience of her
first "lock-out," Emma, rooting
section mascot of Yell Leader
Jim Triolo and sacred owl of
the Brotherhood of Turtles, is
recuperating at Lagunita Court.
With her head swathed in a
cold towel Emma enjoyed the
restful atmosphere of the dor
mitory and tender care of Sign
Sisters of the Turtle brother
hood. Believing the fcacred
owl's health and beauty threat
ened by kidnap experiences of
last week and sleepless nights
at Encina, Sign Sisters took the
mascot under their personal
care.
Since her arrival at Lagunita
at 2:04 o'clock Sunday morn
ing, the owl has been enter
tained with great ceremony. At
4:11 o'clock Sunday she was al
lowed to bp a guest at after
noon tea. At this function Em
ma was formally introduced to
Lagunita Court Director Anas
tasia Doyle, who exclaimed
with admiration, "Isn't she
handsome."
Exhausted by activities at
Saturday's game, a hecvic eve
ning of public appearance at a
San Francisco hotel, and crush
ed by the experience of her
first "lock-out," Emma, rooting
section mascot of Yell Leader
Jim Triolo and sacred owl of
the Brotherhood of Turtles, is
recuperating at Lagunita Court.
With her head swathed in a
cold towel Emma enjoyed the
restful atmosphere of the dor
mitory and tender care of Sign
Sisters of the Turtle brother
hood. Believing the fcacred
owl's health and beauty threat
ened by kidnap experiences of
last week and sleepless nights
at Encina, Sign Sisters took the
mascot under their personal
care.
Since her arrival at Lagunita
at 2:04 o'clock Sunday morn
ing, the owl has been enter
tained with great ceremony. At
4:11 o'clock Sunday she was al
lowed to bp a guest at after
noon tea. At this function Em
ma was formally introduced to
Lagunita Court Director Anas
tasia Doyle, who exclaimed
with admiration, "Isn't she
handsome."
Exhausted by activities at
Saturday's game, a hecvic eve
ning of public appearance at a
San Francisco hotel, and crush
ed by the experience of her
first "lock-out," Emma, rooting
section mascot of Yell Leader
Jim Triolo and sacred owl of
the Brotherhood of Turtles, is
recuperating at Lagunita Court.
With her head swathed in a
cold towel Emma enjoyed the
restful atmosphere of the dor
mitory and tender care of Sign
Sisters of the Turtle brother
hood. Believing the fcacred
owl's health and beauty threat
ened by kidnap experiences of
last week and sleepless nights
at Encina, Sign Sisters took the
mascot under their personal
care.
Since her arrival at Lagunita
at 2:04 o'clock Sunday morn
ing, the owl has been enter
tained with great ceremony. At
4:11 o'clock Sunday she was al
lowed to bp a guest at after
noon tea. At this function Em
ma was formally introduced to
Lagunita Court Director Anas
tasia Doyle, who exclaimed
with admiration, "Isn't she
handsome."
Exhausted by activities at
Saturday's game, a hecvic eve
ning of public appearance at a
San Francisco hotel, and crush
ed by the experience of her
first "lock-out," Emma, rooting
section mascot of Yell Leader
Jim Triolo and sacred owl of
the Brotherhood of Turtles, is
recuperating at Lagunita Court.
With her head swathed in a
cold towel Emma enjoyed the
restful atmosphere of the dor
mitory and tender care of Sign
Sisters of the Turtle brother
hood. Believing the fcacred
owl's health and beauty threat
ened by kidnap experiences of
last week and sleepless nights
at Encina, Sign Sisters took the
mascot under their personal
care.
Since her arrival at Lagunita
at 2:04 o'clock Sunday morn
ing, the owl has been enter
tained with great ceremony. At
4:11 o'clock Sunday she was al
lowed to bp a guest at after
noon tea. At this function Em
ma was formally introduced to
Lagunita Court Director Anas
tasia Doyle, who exclaimed
with admiration, "Isn't she
handsome."
Exhausted by activities at
Saturday's game, a hecvic eve
ning of public appearance at a
San Francisco hotel, and crush
ed by the experience of her
first "lock-out," Emma, rooting
section mascot of Yell Leader
Jim Triolo and sacred owl of
the Brotherhood of Turtles, is
recuperating at Lagunita Court.
With her head swathed in a
cold towel Emma enjoyed the
restful atmosphere of the dor
mitory and tender care of Sign
Sisters of the Turtle brother
hood. Believing the fcacred
owl's health and beauty threat
ened by kidnap experiences of
last week and sleepless nights
at Encina, Sign Sisters took the
mascot under their personal
care.
Since her arrival at Lagunita
at 2:04 o'clock Sunday morn
ing, the owl has been enter
tained with great ceremony. At
4:11 o'clock Sunday she was al
lowed to bp a guest at after
noon tea. At this function Em
ma was formally introduced to
Lagunita Court Director Anas
tasia Doyle, who exclaimed
with admiration, "Isn't she
handsome."
Exhausted by activities at
Saturday's game, a hecvic eve
ning of public appearance at a
San Francisco hotel, and crush
ed by the experience of her
first "lock-out," Emma, rooting
section mascot of Yell Leader
Jim Triolo and sacred owl of
the Brotherhood of Turtles, is
recuperating at Lagunita Court.
With her head swathed in a
cold towel Emma enjoyed the
restful atmosphere of the dor
mitory and tender care of Sign
Sisters of the Turtle brother
hood. Believing the fcacred
owl's health and beauty threat
ened by kidnap experiences of
last week and sleepless nights
at Encina, Sign Sisters took the
mascot under their personal
care.
Since her arrival at Lagunita
at 2:04 o'clock Sunday morn
ing, the owl has been enter
tained with great ceremony. At
4:11 o'clock Sunday she was al
lowed to bp a guest at after
noon tea. At this function Em
ma was formally introduced to
Lagunita Court Director Anas
tasia Doyle, who exclaimed
with admiration, "Isn't she
handsome."
Exhausted by activities at
Saturday's game, a hecvic eve
ning of public appearance at a
San Francisco hotel, and crush
ed by the experience of her
first "lock-out," Emma, rooting
section mascot of Yell Leader
Jim Triolo and sacred owl of
the Brotherhood of Turtles, is
recuperating at Lagunita Court.
With her head swathed in a
cold towel Emma enjoyed the
restful atmosphere of the dor
mitory and tender care of Sign
Sisters of the Turtle brother
hood. Believing the fcacred
owl's health and beauty threat
ened by kidnap experiences of
last week and sleepless nights
at Encina, Sign Sisters took the
mascot under their personal
care.
Since her arrival at Lagunita
at 2:04 o'clock Sunday morn
ing, the owl has been enter
tained with great ceremony. At
4:11 o'clock Sunday she was al
lowed to bp a guest at after
noon tea. At this function Em
ma was formally introduced to
Lagunita Court Director Anas
tasia Doyle, who exclaimed
with admiration, "Isn't she
handsome."
