# Mills Divides Freshman Into Three Living Units
## 
### 
Informality is the key to sue-1
cessful conferences says Marion J
Storey, woman's conference presi- i
dent. Miss Storey, Frances Terrell j
and Frances Mosher visited infor
mally with Mills College leaders
Tuesday night, and found results!
most satisfactory.
"What interested us most, though,
was our hostesses- expalnations of i
their new orientation system," said
Miss Storey "Mills freshmen were
formerly all a part of one living ;
group. However, this was found
most unsatisfactory because the
freshmen weren't making the con
tacts with older class women that j
they .should."
Informality is the key to sue-1
cessful conferences says Marion J
Storey, woman's conference presi- i
dent. Miss Storey, Frances Terrell j
and Frances Mosher visited infor
mally with Mills College leaders
Tuesday night, and found results!
most satisfactory.
"What interested us most, though,
was our hostesses- expalnations of i
their new orientation system," said
Miss Storey "Mills freshmen were
formerly all a part of one living ;
group. However, this was found
most unsatisfactory because the
freshmen weren't making the con
tacts with older class women that j
they .should."
Informality is the key to sue-1
cessful conferences says Marion J
Storey, woman's conference presi- i
dent. Miss Storey, Frances Terrell j
and Frances Mosher visited infor
mally with Mills College leaders
Tuesday night, and found results!
most satisfactory.
"What interested us most, though,
was our hostesses- expalnations of i
their new orientation system," said
Miss Storey "Mills freshmen were
formerly all a part of one living ;
group. However, this was found
most unsatisfactory because the
freshmen weren't making the con
tacts with older class women that j
they .should."
Informality is the key to sue-1
cessful conferences says Marion J
Storey, woman's conference presi- i
dent. Miss Storey, Frances Terrell j
and Frances Mosher visited infor
mally with Mills College leaders
Tuesday night, and found results!
most satisfactory.
"What interested us most, though,
was our hostesses- expalnations of i
their new orientation system," said
Miss Storey "Mills freshmen were
formerly all a part of one living ;
group. However, this was found
most unsatisfactory because the
freshmen weren't making the con
tacts with older class women that j
they .should."
Informality is the key to sue-1
cessful conferences says Marion J
Storey, woman's conference presi- i
dent. Miss Storey, Frances Terrell j
and Frances Mosher visited infor
mally with Mills College leaders
Tuesday night, and found results!
most satisfactory.
"What interested us most, though,
was our hostesses- expalnations of i
their new orientation system," said
Miss Storey "Mills freshmen were
formerly all a part of one living ;
group. However, this was found
most unsatisfactory because the
freshmen weren't making the con
tacts with older class women that j
they .should."
Informality is the key to sue-1
cessful conferences says Marion J
Storey, woman's conference presi- i
dent. Miss Storey, Frances Terrell j
and Frances Mosher visited infor
mally with Mills College leaders
Tuesday night, and found results!
most satisfactory.
"What interested us most, though,
was our hostesses- expalnations of i
their new orientation system," said
Miss Storey "Mills freshmen were
formerly all a part of one living ;
group. However, this was found
most unsatisfactory because the
freshmen weren't making the con
tacts with older class women that j
they .should."
Informality is the key to sue-1
cessful conferences says Marion J
Storey, woman's conference presi- i
dent. Miss Storey, Frances Terrell j
and Frances Mosher visited infor
mally with Mills College leaders
Tuesday night, and found results!
most satisfactory.
"What interested us most, though,
was our hostesses- expalnations of i
their new orientation system," said
Miss Storey "Mills freshmen were
formerly all a part of one living ;
group. However, this was found
most unsatisfactory because the
freshmen weren't making the con
tacts with older class women that j
they .should."
Informality is the key to sue-1
cessful conferences says Marion J
Storey, woman's conference presi- i
dent. Miss Storey, Frances Terrell j
and Frances Mosher visited infor
mally with Mills College leaders
Tuesday night, and found results!
most satisfactory.
"What interested us most, though,
was our hostesses- expalnations of i
their new orientation system," said
Miss Storey "Mills freshmen were
formerly all a part of one living ;
group. However, this was found
most unsatisfactory because the
freshmen weren't making the con
tacts with older class women that j
they .should."
Informality is the key to sue-1
cessful conferences says Marion J
Storey, woman's conference presi- i
dent. Miss Storey, Frances Terrell j
and Frances Mosher visited infor
mally with Mills College leaders
Tuesday night, and found results!
most satisfactory.
"What interested us most, though,
was our hostesses- expalnations of i
their new orientation system," said
Miss Storey "Mills freshmen were
formerly all a part of one living ;
group. However, this was found
most unsatisfactory because the
freshmen weren't making the con
tacts with older class women that j
they .should."
Informality is the key to sue-1
cessful conferences says Marion J
Storey, woman's conference presi- i
dent. Miss Storey, Frances Terrell j
and Frances Mosher visited infor
mally with Mills College leaders
Tuesday night, and found results!
most satisfactory.
"What interested us most, though,
was our hostesses- expalnations of i
their new orientation system," said
Miss Storey "Mills freshmen were
formerly all a part of one living ;
group. However, this was found
most unsatisfactory because the
freshmen weren't making the con
tacts with older class women that j
they .should."
Informality is the key to sue-1
cessful conferences says Marion J
Storey, woman's conference presi- i
dent. Miss Storey, Frances Terrell j
and Frances Mosher visited infor
mally with Mills College leaders
Tuesday night, and found results!
most satisfactory.
"What interested us most, though,
was our hostesses- expalnations of i
their new orientation system," said
Miss Storey "Mills freshmen were
formerly all a part of one living ;
group. However, this was found
most unsatisfactory because the
freshmen weren't making the con
tacts with older class women that j
they .should."
Informality is the key to sue-1
cessful conferences says Marion J
Storey, woman's conference presi- i
dent. Miss Storey, Frances Terrell j
and Frances Mosher visited infor
mally with Mills College leaders
Tuesday night, and found results!
most satisfactory.
"What interested us most, though,
was our hostesses- expalnations of i
their new orientation system," said
Miss Storey "Mills freshmen were
formerly all a part of one living ;
group. However, this was found
most unsatisfactory because the
freshmen weren't making the con
tacts with older class women that j
they .should."
Informality is the key to sue-1
cessful conferences says Marion J
Storey, woman's conference presi- i
dent. Miss Storey, Frances Terrell j
and Frances Mosher visited infor
mally with Mills College leaders
Tuesday night, and found results!
most satisfactory.
"What interested us most, though,
was our hostesses- expalnations of i
their new orientation system," said
Miss Storey "Mills freshmen were
formerly all a part of one living ;
group. However, this was found
most unsatisfactory because the
freshmen weren't making the con
tacts with older class women that j
they .should."
Informality is the key to sue-1
cessful conferences says Marion J
Storey, woman's conference presi- i
dent. Miss Storey, Frances Terrell j
and Frances Mosher visited infor
mally with Mills College leaders
Tuesday night, and found results!
most satisfactory.
"What interested us most, though,
was our hostesses- expalnations of i
their new orientation system," said
Miss Storey "Mills freshmen were
formerly all a part of one living ;
group. However, this was found
most unsatisfactory because the
freshmen weren't making the con
tacts with older class women that j
they .should."
Informality is the key to sue-1
cessful conferences says Marion J
Storey, woman's conference presi- i
dent. Miss Storey, Frances Terrell j
and Frances Mosher visited infor
mally with Mills College leaders
Tuesday night, and found results!
most satisfactory.
"What interested us most, though,
was our hostesses- expalnations of i
their new orientation system," said
Miss Storey "Mills freshmen were
formerly all a part of one living ;
group. However, this was found
most unsatisfactory because the
freshmen weren't making the con
tacts with older class women that j
they .should."
