# RICKENBACKER STREAKS ACROSS CONTINENT
## 
### 

Taking off from the Burbank, Cal., airport, Capt. Eddie Rickenbacker started a one-stop flight to
Mew York in rn effort to establish a new coast-to-coast record for air transports. He hoped to break
his own record of 13 hours and two minutes. Passengers were aboard. (Associated Press Photo)

Taking off from the Burbank, Cal., airport, Capt. Eddie Rickenbacker started a one-stop flight to
Mew York in rn effort to establish a new coast-to-coast record for air transports. He hoped to break
his own record of 13 hours and two minutes. Passengers were aboard. (Associated Press Photo)

Taking off from the Burbank, Cal., airport, Capt. Eddie Rickenbacker started a one-stop flight to
Mew York in rn effort to establish a new coast-to-coast record for air transports. He hoped to break
his own record of 13 hours and two minutes. Passengers were aboard. (Associated Press Photo)

Taking off from the Burbank, Cal., airport, Capt. Eddie Rickenbacker started a one-stop flight to
Mew York in rn effort to establish a new coast-to-coast record for air transports. He hoped to break
his own record of 13 hours and two minutes. Passengers were aboard. (Associated Press Photo)

Taking off from the Burbank, Cal., airport, Capt. Eddie Rickenbacker started a one-stop flight to
Mew York in rn effort to establish a new coast-to-coast record for air transports. He hoped to break
his own record of 13 hours and two minutes. Passengers were aboard. (Associated Press Photo)

Taking off from the Burbank, Cal., airport, Capt. Eddie Rickenbacker started a one-stop flight to
Mew York in rn effort to establish a new coast-to-coast record for air transports. He hoped to break
his own record of 13 hours and two minutes. Passengers were aboard. (Associated Press Photo)

Taking off from the Burbank, Cal., airport, Capt. Eddie Rickenbacker started a one-stop flight to
Mew York in rn effort to establish a new coast-to-coast record for air transports. He hoped to break
his own record of 13 hours and two minutes. Passengers were aboard. (Associated Press Photo)

Taking off from the Burbank, Cal., airport, Capt. Eddie Rickenbacker started a one-stop flight to
Mew York in rn effort to establish a new coast-to-coast record for air transports. He hoped to break
his own record of 13 hours and two minutes. Passengers were aboard. (Associated Press Photo)

Taking off from the Burbank, Cal., airport, Capt. Eddie Rickenbacker started a one-stop flight to
Mew York in rn effort to establish a new coast-to-coast record for air transports. He hoped to break
his own record of 13 hours and two minutes. Passengers were aboard. (Associated Press Photo)

Taking off from the Burbank, Cal., airport, Capt. Eddie Rickenbacker started a one-stop flight to
Mew York in rn effort to establish a new coast-to-coast record for air transports. He hoped to break
his own record of 13 hours and two minutes. Passengers were aboard. (Associated Press Photo)

Taking off from the Burbank, Cal., airport, Capt. Eddie Rickenbacker started a one-stop flight to
Mew York in rn effort to establish a new coast-to-coast record for air transports. He hoped to break
his own record of 13 hours and two minutes. Passengers were aboard. (Associated Press Photo)

Taking off from the Burbank, Cal., airport, Capt. Eddie Rickenbacker started a one-stop flight to
Mew York in rn effort to establish a new coast-to-coast record for air transports. He hoped to break
his own record of 13 hours and two minutes. Passengers were aboard. (Associated Press Photo)

Taking off from the Burbank, Cal., airport, Capt. Eddie Rickenbacker started a one-stop flight to
Mew York in rn effort to establish a new coast-to-coast record for air transports. He hoped to break
his own record of 13 hours and two minutes. Passengers were aboard. (Associated Press Photo)

Taking off from the Burbank, Cal., airport, Capt. Eddie Rickenbacker started a one-stop flight to
Mew York in rn effort to establish a new coast-to-coast record for air transports. He hoped to break
his own record of 13 hours and two minutes. Passengers were aboard. (Associated Press Photo)

Taking off from the Burbank, Cal., airport, Capt. Eddie Rickenbacker started a one-stop flight to
Mew York in rn effort to establish a new coast-to-coast record for air transports. He hoped to break
his own record of 13 hours and two minutes. Passengers were aboard. (Associated Press Photo)
