# YELL TRYOUTS
## 
### 
Tryouts for assistant yell leader
will be held in the Pavilion on Tues
day at 1 o'clock. All sophomore men
are eligible. The Rally Committee
will choose six tryoutees after a
training period of two weeks. They
will run in the election next Feb
ruary.
Tryouts for assistant yell leader
will be held in the Pavilion on Tues
day at 1 o'clock. All sophomore men
are eligible. The Rally Committee
will choose six tryoutees after a
training period of two weeks. They
will run in the election next Feb
ruary.
Tryouts for assistant yell leader
will be held in the Pavilion on Tues
day at 1 o'clock. All sophomore men
are eligible. The Rally Committee
will choose six tryoutees after a
training period of two weeks. They
will run in the election next Feb
ruary.
Tryouts for assistant yell leader
will be held in the Pavilion on Tues
day at 1 o'clock. All sophomore men
are eligible. The Rally Committee
will choose six tryoutees after a
training period of two weeks. They
will run in the election next Feb
ruary.
Tryouts for assistant yell leader
will be held in the Pavilion on Tues
day at 1 o'clock. All sophomore men
are eligible. The Rally Committee
will choose six tryoutees after a
training period of two weeks. They
will run in the election next Feb
ruary.
Tryouts for assistant yell leader
will be held in the Pavilion on Tues
day at 1 o'clock. All sophomore men
are eligible. The Rally Committee
will choose six tryoutees after a
training period of two weeks. They
will run in the election next Feb
ruary.
Tryouts for assistant yell leader
will be held in the Pavilion on Tues
day at 1 o'clock. All sophomore men
are eligible. The Rally Committee
will choose six tryoutees after a
training period of two weeks. They
will run in the election next Feb
ruary.
Tryouts for assistant yell leader
will be held in the Pavilion on Tues
day at 1 o'clock. All sophomore men
are eligible. The Rally Committee
will choose six tryoutees after a
training period of two weeks. They
will run in the election next Feb
ruary.
Tryouts for assistant yell leader
will be held in the Pavilion on Tues
day at 1 o'clock. All sophomore men
are eligible. The Rally Committee
will choose six tryoutees after a
training period of two weeks. They
will run in the election next Feb
ruary.
Tryouts for assistant yell leader
will be held in the Pavilion on Tues
day at 1 o'clock. All sophomore men
are eligible. The Rally Committee
will choose six tryoutees after a
training period of two weeks. They
will run in the election next Feb
ruary.
Tryouts for assistant yell leader
will be held in the Pavilion on Tues
day at 1 o'clock. All sophomore men
are eligible. The Rally Committee
will choose six tryoutees after a
training period of two weeks. They
will run in the election next Feb
ruary.
Tryouts for assistant yell leader
will be held in the Pavilion on Tues
day at 1 o'clock. All sophomore men
are eligible. The Rally Committee
will choose six tryoutees after a
training period of two weeks. They
will run in the election next Feb
ruary.
Tryouts for assistant yell leader
will be held in the Pavilion on Tues
day at 1 o'clock. All sophomore men
are eligible. The Rally Committee
will choose six tryoutees after a
training period of two weeks. They
will run in the election next Feb
ruary.
Tryouts for assistant yell leader
will be held in the Pavilion on Tues
day at 1 o'clock. All sophomore men
are eligible. The Rally Committee
will choose six tryoutees after a
training period of two weeks. They
will run in the election next Feb
ruary.
Tryouts for assistant yell leader
will be held in the Pavilion on Tues
day at 1 o'clock. All sophomore men
are eligible. The Rally Committee
will choose six tryoutees after a
training period of two weeks. They
will run in the election next Feb
ruary.
