# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Ward Hatch, '16, former Daily Palo
Alto news editor, and who is now in
the traffic department of the Tide
Water Southern Railroad of the San
Joaquin Valley, visited Stanford Sat
urday.
Ward Hatch, '16, former Daily Palo
Alto news editor, and who is now in
the traffic department of the Tide
Water Southern Railroad of the San
Joaquin Valley, visited Stanford Sat
urday.
Ward Hatch, '16, former Daily Palo
Alto news editor, and who is now in
the traffic department of the Tide
Water Southern Railroad of the San
Joaquin Valley, visited Stanford Sat
urday.
Ward Hatch, '16, former Daily Palo
Alto news editor, and who is now in
the traffic department of the Tide
Water Southern Railroad of the San
Joaquin Valley, visited Stanford Sat
urday.
Ward Hatch, '16, former Daily Palo
Alto news editor, and who is now in
the traffic department of the Tide
Water Southern Railroad of the San
Joaquin Valley, visited Stanford Sat
urday.
Ward Hatch, '16, former Daily Palo
Alto news editor, and who is now in
the traffic department of the Tide
Water Southern Railroad of the San
Joaquin Valley, visited Stanford Sat
urday.
Ward Hatch, '16, former Daily Palo
Alto news editor, and who is now in
the traffic department of the Tide
Water Southern Railroad of the San
Joaquin Valley, visited Stanford Sat
urday.
Ward Hatch, '16, former Daily Palo
Alto news editor, and who is now in
the traffic department of the Tide
Water Southern Railroad of the San
Joaquin Valley, visited Stanford Sat
urday.
Ward Hatch, '16, former Daily Palo
Alto news editor, and who is now in
the traffic department of the Tide
Water Southern Railroad of the San
Joaquin Valley, visited Stanford Sat
urday.
Ward Hatch, '16, former Daily Palo
Alto news editor, and who is now in
the traffic department of the Tide
Water Southern Railroad of the San
Joaquin Valley, visited Stanford Sat
urday.
Ward Hatch, '16, former Daily Palo
Alto news editor, and who is now in
the traffic department of the Tide
Water Southern Railroad of the San
Joaquin Valley, visited Stanford Sat
urday.
Ward Hatch, '16, former Daily Palo
Alto news editor, and who is now in
the traffic department of the Tide
Water Southern Railroad of the San
Joaquin Valley, visited Stanford Sat
urday.
Ward Hatch, '16, former Daily Palo
Alto news editor, and who is now in
the traffic department of the Tide
Water Southern Railroad of the San
Joaquin Valley, visited Stanford Sat
urday.
Ward Hatch, '16, former Daily Palo
Alto news editor, and who is now in
the traffic department of the Tide
Water Southern Railroad of the San
Joaquin Valley, visited Stanford Sat
urday.
Ward Hatch, '16, former Daily Palo
Alto news editor, and who is now in
the traffic department of the Tide
Water Southern Railroad of the San
Joaquin Valley, visited Stanford Sat
urday.
