# Harvard Club Will Award Scholarship
## 
### 
Harvard Club of San Francisco of
fers two scholarships of $350 each, to
students residing in the neighborhood
of San Francisco, who may desire to
pursue undergraduate studies at Har
vard. Candidates for these scholar
ships should make their application in
writing to Mr. G. S. Potter, 1827 Pa
cific avenue, San Francisco, not later
than February 15th.
In awarding these scholarships, at
tention will be paid to the school rec
ords of the applicants, and also their
character, needs and general devel
opment. Many other scholarships are
open at Harvard after the student has
passed one year there, and informa
tion on these is contained in a pam
phlet entitled "Students' Expenses and
College Aid," published by Harvard
University.
Further information and applica
tion blanks are in the hands of Mr.
Potter.
Harvard Club of San Francisco of
fers two scholarships of $350 each, to
students residing in the neighborhood
of San Francisco, who may desire to
pursue undergraduate studies at Har
vard. Candidates for these scholar
ships should make their application in
writing to Mr. G. S. Potter, 1827 Pa
cific avenue, San Francisco, not later
than February 15th.
In awarding these scholarships, at
tention will be paid to the school rec
ords of the applicants, and also their
character, needs and general devel
opment. Many other scholarships are
open at Harvard after the student has
passed one year there, and informa
tion on these is contained in a pam
phlet entitled "Students' Expenses and
College Aid," published by Harvard
University.
Further information and applica
tion blanks are in the hands of Mr.
Potter.
Harvard Club of San Francisco of
fers two scholarships of $350 each, to
students residing in the neighborhood
of San Francisco, who may desire to
pursue undergraduate studies at Har
vard. Candidates for these scholar
ships should make their application in
writing to Mr. G. S. Potter, 1827 Pa
cific avenue, San Francisco, not later
than February 15th.
In awarding these scholarships, at
tention will be paid to the school rec
ords of the applicants, and also their
character, needs and general devel
opment. Many other scholarships are
open at Harvard after the student has
passed one year there, and informa
tion on these is contained in a pam
phlet entitled "Students' Expenses and
College Aid," published by Harvard
University.
Further information and applica
tion blanks are in the hands of Mr.
Potter.
Harvard Club of San Francisco of
fers two scholarships of $350 each, to
students residing in the neighborhood
of San Francisco, who may desire to
pursue undergraduate studies at Har
vard. Candidates for these scholar
ships should make their application in
writing to Mr. G. S. Potter, 1827 Pa
cific avenue, San Francisco, not later
than February 15th.
In awarding these scholarships, at
tention will be paid to the school rec
ords of the applicants, and also their
character, needs and general devel
opment. Many other scholarships are
open at Harvard after the student has
passed one year there, and informa
tion on these is contained in a pam
phlet entitled "Students' Expenses and
College Aid," published by Harvard
University.
Further information and applica
tion blanks are in the hands of Mr.
Potter.
Harvard Club of San Francisco of
fers two scholarships of $350 each, to
students residing in the neighborhood
of San Francisco, who may desire to
pursue undergraduate studies at Har
vard. Candidates for these scholar
ships should make their application in
writing to Mr. G. S. Potter, 1827 Pa
cific avenue, San Francisco, not later
than February 15th.
In awarding these scholarships, at
tention will be paid to the school rec
ords of the applicants, and also their
character, needs and general devel
opment. Many other scholarships are
open at Harvard after the student has
passed one year there, and informa
tion on these is contained in a pam
phlet entitled "Students' Expenses and
College Aid," published by Harvard
University.
Further information and applica
tion blanks are in the hands of Mr.
Potter.
Harvard Club of San Francisco of
fers two scholarships of $350 each, to
students residing in the neighborhood
of San Francisco, who may desire to
pursue undergraduate studies at Har
vard. Candidates for these scholar
ships should make their application in
writing to Mr. G. S. Potter, 1827 Pa
cific avenue, San Francisco, not later
than February 15th.
In awarding these scholarships, at
tention will be paid to the school rec
ords of the applicants, and also their
character, needs and general devel
opment. Many other scholarships are
open at Harvard after the student has
passed one year there, and informa
tion on these is contained in a pam
phlet entitled "Students' Expenses and
College Aid," published by Harvard
University.
Further information and applica
tion blanks are in the hands of Mr.
Potter.
Harvard Club of San Francisco of
fers two scholarships of $350 each, to
students residing in the neighborhood
of San Francisco, who may desire to
pursue undergraduate studies at Har
vard. Candidates for these scholar
ships should make their application in
writing to Mr. G. S. Potter, 1827 Pa
cific avenue, San Francisco, not later
than February 15th.
In awarding these scholarships, at
tention will be paid to the school rec
ords of the applicants, and also their
character, needs and general devel
opment. Many other scholarships are
open at Harvard after the student has
passed one year there, and informa
tion on these is contained in a pam
phlet entitled "Students' Expenses and
College Aid," published by Harvard
University.
Further information and applica
tion blanks are in the hands of Mr.
Potter.
Harvard Club of San Francisco of
fers two scholarships of $350 each, to
students residing in the neighborhood
of San Francisco, who may desire to
pursue undergraduate studies at Har
vard. Candidates for these scholar
ships should make their application in
writing to Mr. G. S. Potter, 1827 Pa
cific avenue, San Francisco, not later
than February 15th.
In awarding these scholarships, at
tention will be paid to the school rec
ords of the applicants, and also their
character, needs and general devel
opment. Many other scholarships are
open at Harvard after the student has
passed one year there, and informa
tion on these is contained in a pam
phlet entitled "Students' Expenses and
College Aid," published by Harvard
University.
Further information and applica
tion blanks are in the hands of Mr.
Potter.
Harvard Club of San Francisco of
fers two scholarships of $350 each, to
students residing in the neighborhood
of San Francisco, who may desire to
pursue undergraduate studies at Har
vard. Candidates for these scholar
ships should make their application in
writing to Mr. G. S. Potter, 1827 Pa
cific avenue, San Francisco, not later
than February 15th.
In awarding these scholarships, at
tention will be paid to the school rec
ords of the applicants, and also their
character, needs and general devel
opment. Many other scholarships are
open at Harvard after the student has
passed one year there, and informa
tion on these is contained in a pam
phlet entitled "Students' Expenses and
College Aid," published by Harvard
University.
Further information and applica
tion blanks are in the hands of Mr.
Potter.
Harvard Club of San Francisco of
fers two scholarships of $350 each, to
students residing in the neighborhood
of San Francisco, who may desire to
pursue undergraduate studies at Har
vard. Candidates for these scholar
ships should make their application in
writing to Mr. G. S. Potter, 1827 Pa
cific avenue, San Francisco, not later
than February 15th.
In awarding these scholarships, at
tention will be paid to the school rec
ords of the applicants, and also their
character, needs and general devel
opment. Many other scholarships are
open at Harvard after the student has
passed one year there, and informa
tion on these is contained in a pam
phlet entitled "Students' Expenses and
College Aid," published by Harvard
University.
Further information and applica
tion blanks are in the hands of Mr.
Potter.
Harvard Club of San Francisco of
fers two scholarships of $350 each, to
students residing in the neighborhood
of San Francisco, who may desire to
pursue undergraduate studies at Har
vard. Candidates for these scholar
ships should make their application in
writing to Mr. G. S. Potter, 1827 Pa
cific avenue, San Francisco, not later
than February 15th.
In awarding these scholarships, at
tention will be paid to the school rec
ords of the applicants, and also their
character, needs and general devel
opment. Many other scholarships are
open at Harvard after the student has
passed one year there, and informa
tion on these is contained in a pam
phlet entitled "Students' Expenses and
College Aid," published by Harvard
University.
Further information and applica
tion blanks are in the hands of Mr.
Potter.
Harvard Club of San Francisco of
fers two scholarships of $350 each, to
students residing in the neighborhood
of San Francisco, who may desire to
pursue undergraduate studies at Har
vard. Candidates for these scholar
ships should make their application in
writing to Mr. G. S. Potter, 1827 Pa
cific avenue, San Francisco, not later
than February 15th.
In awarding these scholarships, at
tention will be paid to the school rec
ords of the applicants, and also their
character, needs and general devel
opment. Many other scholarships are
open at Harvard after the student has
passed one year there, and informa
tion on these is contained in a pam
phlet entitled "Students' Expenses and
College Aid," published by Harvard
University.
Further information and applica
tion blanks are in the hands of Mr.
Potter.
Harvard Club of San Francisco of
fers two scholarships of $350 each, to
students residing in the neighborhood
of San Francisco, who may desire to
pursue undergraduate studies at Har
vard. Candidates for these scholar
ships should make their application in
writing to Mr. G. S. Potter, 1827 Pa
cific avenue, San Francisco, not later
than February 15th.
In awarding these scholarships, at
tention will be paid to the school rec
ords of the applicants, and also their
character, needs and general devel
opment. Many other scholarships are
open at Harvard after the student has
passed one year there, and informa
tion on these is contained in a pam
phlet entitled "Students' Expenses and
College Aid," published by Harvard
University.
Further information and applica
tion blanks are in the hands of Mr.
Potter.
Harvard Club of San Francisco of
fers two scholarships of $350 each, to
students residing in the neighborhood
of San Francisco, who may desire to
pursue undergraduate studies at Har
vard. Candidates for these scholar
ships should make their application in
writing to Mr. G. S. Potter, 1827 Pa
cific avenue, San Francisco, not later
than February 15th.
In awarding these scholarships, at
tention will be paid to the school rec
ords of the applicants, and also their
character, needs and general devel
opment. Many other scholarships are
open at Harvard after the student has
passed one year there, and informa
tion on these is contained in a pam
phlet entitled "Students' Expenses and
College Aid," published by Harvard
University.
Further information and applica
tion blanks are in the hands of Mr.
Potter.
Harvard Club of San Francisco of
fers two scholarships of $350 each, to
students residing in the neighborhood
of San Francisco, who may desire to
pursue undergraduate studies at Har
vard. Candidates for these scholar
ships should make their application in
writing to Mr. G. S. Potter, 1827 Pa
cific avenue, San Francisco, not later
than February 15th.
In awarding these scholarships, at
tention will be paid to the school rec
ords of the applicants, and also their
character, needs and general devel
opment. Many other scholarships are
open at Harvard after the student has
passed one year there, and informa
tion on these is contained in a pam
phlet entitled "Students' Expenses and
College Aid," published by Harvard
University.
Further information and applica
tion blanks are in the hands of Mr.
Potter.
