# Youngest U. C. Graduate Will Come to Stanford
## 
### 
The University of California is giv
ing an A.B. degree to the youngest
student to graduate from the institu
tion. The prodigy, who is a woman,
will he IS years and 32 days old. She
is planning to take her graduate work
at Stanford.
The University of California is giv
ing an A.B. degree to the youngest
student to graduate from the institu
tion. The prodigy, who is a woman,
will he IS years and 32 days old. She
is planning to take her graduate work
at Stanford.
The University of California is giv
ing an A.B. degree to the youngest
student to graduate from the institu
tion. The prodigy, who is a woman,
will he IS years and 32 days old. She
is planning to take her graduate work
at Stanford.
The University of California is giv
ing an A.B. degree to the youngest
student to graduate from the institu
tion. The prodigy, who is a woman,
will he IS years and 32 days old. She
is planning to take her graduate work
at Stanford.
The University of California is giv
ing an A.B. degree to the youngest
student to graduate from the institu
tion. The prodigy, who is a woman,
will he IS years and 32 days old. She
is planning to take her graduate work
at Stanford.
The University of California is giv
ing an A.B. degree to the youngest
student to graduate from the institu
tion. The prodigy, who is a woman,
will he IS years and 32 days old. She
is planning to take her graduate work
at Stanford.
The University of California is giv
ing an A.B. degree to the youngest
student to graduate from the institu
tion. The prodigy, who is a woman,
will he IS years and 32 days old. She
is planning to take her graduate work
at Stanford.
The University of California is giv
ing an A.B. degree to the youngest
student to graduate from the institu
tion. The prodigy, who is a woman,
will he IS years and 32 days old. She
is planning to take her graduate work
at Stanford.
The University of California is giv
ing an A.B. degree to the youngest
student to graduate from the institu
tion. The prodigy, who is a woman,
will he IS years and 32 days old. She
is planning to take her graduate work
at Stanford.
The University of California is giv
ing an A.B. degree to the youngest
student to graduate from the institu
tion. The prodigy, who is a woman,
will he IS years and 32 days old. She
is planning to take her graduate work
at Stanford.
The University of California is giv
ing an A.B. degree to the youngest
student to graduate from the institu
tion. The prodigy, who is a woman,
will he IS years and 32 days old. She
is planning to take her graduate work
at Stanford.
The University of California is giv
ing an A.B. degree to the youngest
student to graduate from the institu
tion. The prodigy, who is a woman,
will he IS years and 32 days old. She
is planning to take her graduate work
at Stanford.
The University of California is giv
ing an A.B. degree to the youngest
student to graduate from the institu
tion. The prodigy, who is a woman,
will he IS years and 32 days old. She
is planning to take her graduate work
at Stanford.
The University of California is giv
ing an A.B. degree to the youngest
student to graduate from the institu
tion. The prodigy, who is a woman,
will he IS years and 32 days old. She
is planning to take her graduate work
at Stanford.
