# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
e M t LPS • ' 112 R K F L
Ii 'i
See P-T's
New assortment of
UNPLEATED SLACKS
in flannel, gabardine, and
unfinished worsted with
back strap.
From $17.95
Phelps
Terftei
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
e M t LPS • ' 112 R K F L
Ii 'i
See P-T's
New assortment of
UNPLEATED SLACKS
in flannel, gabardine, and
unfinished worsted with
back strap.
From $17.95
Phelps
Terftei
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
e M t LPS • ' 112 R K F L
Ii 'i
See P-T's
New assortment of
UNPLEATED SLACKS
in flannel, gabardine, and
unfinished worsted with
back strap.
From $17.95
Phelps
Terftei
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
e M t LPS • ' 112 R K F L
Ii 'i
See P-T's
New assortment of
UNPLEATED SLACKS
in flannel, gabardine, and
unfinished worsted with
back strap.
From $17.95
Phelps
Terftei
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
e M t LPS • ' 112 R K F L
Ii 'i
See P-T's
New assortment of
UNPLEATED SLACKS
in flannel, gabardine, and
unfinished worsted with
back strap.
From $17.95
Phelps
Terftei
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
e M t LPS • ' 112 R K F L
Ii 'i
See P-T's
New assortment of
UNPLEATED SLACKS
in flannel, gabardine, and
unfinished worsted with
back strap.
From $17.95
Phelps
Terftei
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
e M t LPS • ' 112 R K F L
Ii 'i
See P-T's
New assortment of
UNPLEATED SLACKS
in flannel, gabardine, and
unfinished worsted with
back strap.
From $17.95
Phelps
Terftei
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
e M t LPS • ' 112 R K F L
Ii 'i
See P-T's
New assortment of
UNPLEATED SLACKS
in flannel, gabardine, and
unfinished worsted with
back strap.
From $17.95
Phelps
Terftei
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
e M t LPS • ' 112 R K F L
Ii 'i
See P-T's
New assortment of
UNPLEATED SLACKS
in flannel, gabardine, and
unfinished worsted with
back strap.
From $17.95
Phelps
Terftei
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
e M t LPS • ' 112 R K F L
Ii 'i
See P-T's
New assortment of
UNPLEATED SLACKS
in flannel, gabardine, and
unfinished worsted with
back strap.
From $17.95
Phelps
Terftei
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
e M t LPS • ' 112 R K F L
Ii 'i
See P-T's
New assortment of
UNPLEATED SLACKS
in flannel, gabardine, and
unfinished worsted with
back strap.
From $17.95
Phelps
Terftei
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
e M t LPS • ' 112 R K F L
Ii 'i
See P-T's
New assortment of
UNPLEATED SLACKS
in flannel, gabardine, and
unfinished worsted with
back strap.
From $17.95
Phelps
Terftei
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
e M t LPS • ' 112 R K F L
Ii 'i
See P-T's
New assortment of
UNPLEATED SLACKS
in flannel, gabardine, and
unfinished worsted with
back strap.
From $17.95
Phelps
Terftei
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
e M t LPS • ' 112 R K F L
Ii 'i
See P-T's
New assortment of
UNPLEATED SLACKS
in flannel, gabardine, and
unfinished worsted with
back strap.
From $17.95
Phelps
Terftei
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
e M t LPS • ' 112 R K F L
Ii 'i
See P-T's
New assortment of
UNPLEATED SLACKS
in flannel, gabardine, and
unfinished worsted with
back strap.
From $17.95
Phelps
Terftei
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
