# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Breakers announces the engage
ment of Kathy Schumaker, '50, Al
pha Gamma Delta, University of
California, to Eugene Hoffman,
Breakers, '57.
Breakers announces the engage
ment of Kathy Schumaker, '50, Al
pha Gamma Delta, University of
California, to Eugene Hoffman,
Breakers, '57.
Breakers announces the engage
ment of Kathy Schumaker, '50, Al
pha Gamma Delta, University of
California, to Eugene Hoffman,
Breakers, '57.
Breakers announces the engage
ment of Kathy Schumaker, '50, Al
pha Gamma Delta, University of
California, to Eugene Hoffman,
Breakers, '57.
Breakers announces the engage
ment of Kathy Schumaker, '50, Al
pha Gamma Delta, University of
California, to Eugene Hoffman,
Breakers, '57.
Breakers announces the engage
ment of Kathy Schumaker, '50, Al
pha Gamma Delta, University of
California, to Eugene Hoffman,
Breakers, '57.
Breakers announces the engage
ment of Kathy Schumaker, '50, Al
pha Gamma Delta, University of
California, to Eugene Hoffman,
Breakers, '57.
Breakers announces the engage
ment of Kathy Schumaker, '50, Al
pha Gamma Delta, University of
California, to Eugene Hoffman,
Breakers, '57.
Breakers announces the engage
ment of Kathy Schumaker, '50, Al
pha Gamma Delta, University of
California, to Eugene Hoffman,
Breakers, '57.
Breakers announces the engage
ment of Kathy Schumaker, '50, Al
pha Gamma Delta, University of
California, to Eugene Hoffman,
Breakers, '57.
Breakers announces the engage
ment of Kathy Schumaker, '50, Al
pha Gamma Delta, University of
California, to Eugene Hoffman,
Breakers, '57.
Breakers announces the engage
ment of Kathy Schumaker, '50, Al
pha Gamma Delta, University of
California, to Eugene Hoffman,
Breakers, '57.
Breakers announces the engage
ment of Kathy Schumaker, '50, Al
pha Gamma Delta, University of
California, to Eugene Hoffman,
Breakers, '57.
Breakers announces the engage
ment of Kathy Schumaker, '50, Al
pha Gamma Delta, University of
California, to Eugene Hoffman,
Breakers, '57.
Breakers announces the engage
ment of Kathy Schumaker, '50, Al
pha Gamma Delta, University of
California, to Eugene Hoffman,
Breakers, '57.
