# Adv. 18 Page 6
## 
### 
_Peets Comes
to Palo Alto.
„>(.r
*. 4
1
alto
PAIO
t#
i i '
*
112 i
V v
i
Since 1966, Peet's
has offered Bay Area
-Jakzu. customers quality
coffees and teas from
around the world.
We hope you'll
stop by and
discover for your
self the reasons
for our
& success.
ouee+
153 Homer Street
Between Emerson & High
325-2091
_Peets Comes
to Palo Alto.
„>(.r
*. 4
1
alto
PAIO
t#
i i '
*
112 i
V v
i
Since 1966, Peet's
has offered Bay Area
-Jakzu. customers quality
coffees and teas from
around the world.
We hope you'll
stop by and
discover for your
self the reasons
for our
& success.
ouee+
153 Homer Street
Between Emerson & High
325-2091
_Peets Comes
to Palo Alto.
„>(.r
*. 4
1
alto
PAIO
t#
i i '
*
112 i
V v
i
Since 1966, Peet's
has offered Bay Area
-Jakzu. customers quality
coffees and teas from
around the world.
We hope you'll
stop by and
discover for your
self the reasons
for our
& success.
ouee+
153 Homer Street
Between Emerson & High
325-2091
_Peets Comes
to Palo Alto.
„>(.r
*. 4
1
alto
PAIO
t#
i i '
*
112 i
V v
i
Since 1966, Peet's
has offered Bay Area
-Jakzu. customers quality
coffees and teas from
around the world.
We hope you'll
stop by and
discover for your
self the reasons
for our
& success.
ouee+
153 Homer Street
Between Emerson & High
325-2091
_Peets Comes
to Palo Alto.
„>(.r
*. 4
1
alto
PAIO
t#
i i '
*
112 i
V v
i
Since 1966, Peet's
has offered Bay Area
-Jakzu. customers quality
coffees and teas from
around the world.
We hope you'll
stop by and
discover for your
self the reasons
for our
& success.
ouee+
153 Homer Street
Between Emerson & High
325-2091
_Peets Comes
to Palo Alto.
„>(.r
*. 4
1
alto
PAIO
t#
i i '
*
112 i
V v
i
Since 1966, Peet's
has offered Bay Area
-Jakzu. customers quality
coffees and teas from
around the world.
We hope you'll
stop by and
discover for your
self the reasons
for our
& success.
ouee+
153 Homer Street
Between Emerson & High
325-2091
_Peets Comes
to Palo Alto.
„>(.r
*. 4
1
alto
PAIO
t#
i i '
*
112 i
V v
i
Since 1966, Peet's
has offered Bay Area
-Jakzu. customers quality
coffees and teas from
around the world.
We hope you'll
stop by and
discover for your
self the reasons
for our
& success.
ouee+
153 Homer Street
Between Emerson & High
325-2091
