# For the record
## 
### 
An article in yesterday's Daily
incorrectly reported that the Stan
ford fire marshal is in charge of
fire inspections for storage areas
on campus. That responsibility
rests with the county fire marshal.
An article in yesterday's Daily
incorrectly reported that the Stan
ford fire marshal is in charge of
fire inspections for storage areas
on campus. That responsibility
rests with the county fire marshal.
An article in yesterday's Daily
incorrectly reported that the Stan
ford fire marshal is in charge of
fire inspections for storage areas
on campus. That responsibility
rests with the county fire marshal.
An article in yesterday's Daily
incorrectly reported that the Stan
ford fire marshal is in charge of
fire inspections for storage areas
on campus. That responsibility
rests with the county fire marshal.
An article in yesterday's Daily
incorrectly reported that the Stan
ford fire marshal is in charge of
fire inspections for storage areas
on campus. That responsibility
rests with the county fire marshal.
An article in yesterday's Daily
incorrectly reported that the Stan
ford fire marshal is in charge of
fire inspections for storage areas
on campus. That responsibility
rests with the county fire marshal.
An article in yesterday's Daily
incorrectly reported that the Stan
ford fire marshal is in charge of
fire inspections for storage areas
on campus. That responsibility
rests with the county fire marshal.
