# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
P H t IPS - T C ft tc 112 l
i —;—i ,
New, Fresh and Crisp
Haymaker
BLOUSES
JUST IN:
Stripes
Floral prints
Solids
Pastel colors
$7.00 to $9.00
8 to 16
Phelps
Tcrhel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
mmmmmmmmmmmrnsmm
P H t IPS - T C ft tc 112 l
i —;—i ,
New, Fresh and Crisp
Haymaker
BLOUSES
JUST IN:
Stripes
Floral prints
Solids
Pastel colors
$7.00 to $9.00
8 to 16
Phelps
Tcrhel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
mmmmmmmmmmmrnsmm
P H t IPS - T C ft tc 112 l
i —;—i ,
New, Fresh and Crisp
Haymaker
BLOUSES
JUST IN:
Stripes
Floral prints
Solids
Pastel colors
$7.00 to $9.00
8 to 16
Phelps
Tcrhel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
mmmmmmmmmmmrnsmm
P H t IPS - T C ft tc 112 l
i —;—i ,
New, Fresh and Crisp
Haymaker
BLOUSES
JUST IN:
Stripes
Floral prints
Solids
Pastel colors
$7.00 to $9.00
8 to 16
Phelps
Tcrhel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
mmmmmmmmmmmrnsmm
P H t IPS - T C ft tc 112 l
i —;—i ,
New, Fresh and Crisp
Haymaker
BLOUSES
JUST IN:
Stripes
Floral prints
Solids
Pastel colors
$7.00 to $9.00
8 to 16
Phelps
Tcrhel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
mmmmmmmmmmmrnsmm
P H t IPS - T C ft tc 112 l
i —;—i ,
New, Fresh and Crisp
Haymaker
BLOUSES
JUST IN:
Stripes
Floral prints
Solids
Pastel colors
$7.00 to $9.00
8 to 16
Phelps
Tcrhel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
mmmmmmmmmmmrnsmm
P H t IPS - T C ft tc 112 l
i —;—i ,
New, Fresh and Crisp
Haymaker
BLOUSES
JUST IN:
Stripes
Floral prints
Solids
Pastel colors
$7.00 to $9.00
8 to 16
Phelps
Tcrhel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
mmmmmmmmmmmrnsmm
P H t IPS - T C ft tc 112 l
i —;—i ,
New, Fresh and Crisp
Haymaker
BLOUSES
JUST IN:
Stripes
Floral prints
Solids
Pastel colors
$7.00 to $9.00
8 to 16
Phelps
Tcrhel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
mmmmmmmmmmmrnsmm
P H t IPS - T C ft tc 112 l
i —;—i ,
New, Fresh and Crisp
Haymaker
BLOUSES
JUST IN:
Stripes
Floral prints
Solids
Pastel colors
$7.00 to $9.00
8 to 16
Phelps
Tcrhel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
mmmmmmmmmmmrnsmm
P H t IPS - T C ft tc 112 l
i —;—i ,
New, Fresh and Crisp
Haymaker
BLOUSES
JUST IN:
Stripes
Floral prints
Solids
Pastel colors
$7.00 to $9.00
8 to 16
Phelps
Tcrhel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
mmmmmmmmmmmrnsmm
P H t IPS - T C ft tc 112 l
i —;—i ,
New, Fresh and Crisp
Haymaker
BLOUSES
JUST IN:
Stripes
Floral prints
Solids
Pastel colors
$7.00 to $9.00
8 to 16
Phelps
Tcrhel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
mmmmmmmmmmmrnsmm
P H t IPS - T C ft tc 112 l
i —;—i ,
New, Fresh and Crisp
Haymaker
BLOUSES
JUST IN:
Stripes
Floral prints
Solids
Pastel colors
$7.00 to $9.00
8 to 16
Phelps
Tcrhel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
mmmmmmmmmmmrnsmm
P H t IPS - T C ft tc 112 l
i —;—i ,
New, Fresh and Crisp
Haymaker
BLOUSES
JUST IN:
Stripes
Floral prints
Solids
Pastel colors
$7.00 to $9.00
8 to 16
Phelps
Tcrhel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
mmmmmmmmmmmrnsmm
P H t IPS - T C ft tc 112 l
i —;—i ,
New, Fresh and Crisp
Haymaker
BLOUSES
JUST IN:
Stripes
Floral prints
Solids
Pastel colors
$7.00 to $9.00
8 to 16
Phelps
Tcrhel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
mmmmmmmmmmmrnsmm
P H t IPS - T C ft tc 112 l
i —;—i ,
New, Fresh and Crisp
Haymaker
BLOUSES
JUST IN:
Stripes
Floral prints
Solids
Pastel colors
$7.00 to $9.00
8 to 16
Phelps
Tcrhel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
mmmmmmmmmmmrnsmm
P H t IPS - T C ft tc 112 l
i —;—i ,
New, Fresh and Crisp
Haymaker
BLOUSES
JUST IN:
Stripes
Floral prints
Solids
Pastel colors
$7.00 to $9.00
8 to 16
Phelps
Tcrhel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
mmmmmmmmmmmrnsmm
P H t IPS - T C ft tc 112 l
i —;—i ,
New, Fresh and Crisp
Haymaker
BLOUSES
JUST IN:
Stripes
Floral prints
Solids
Pastel colors
$7.00 to $9.00
8 to 16
Phelps
Tcrhel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
mmmmmmmmmmmrnsmm
P H t IPS - T C ft tc 112 l
i —;—i ,
New, Fresh and Crisp
Haymaker
BLOUSES
JUST IN:
Stripes
Floral prints
Solids
Pastel colors
$7.00 to $9.00
8 to 16
Phelps
Tcrhel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
mmmmmmmmmmmrnsmm
