# Soviet Official To Visit Today
## 
### 
J
Ivan Artobolovsky, head of (he
USSR Institute of Machine Tech
nology, will visit Stanford today
under the auspices of the Ameri
can friends Service Committee.
Artobolevsky is a theoretical
physicist, a member of the Acad
emy of Science and the leading
authority in the Soviet Union in
the field of mechanisms. He is
currently working on the mecha
nization of industry as related to
the Soviet effort to increase con
sumer goods production.
His visit is in connection with a
cultural exchange program re
cently inaugurated by the AFSC
and VOKS (Union of Soviet Soci
eties for Cultural Exchange).
Academician Artobolevsky was
acompanied to the U.S. by two col
leagues. They arc Madame Alia
Massevich, an astro-physicist in
charge of co-ordinating the Sput
nik data, and Dr. Alexander Vish
nevsky, a specialist in heart sur
gery.
