# Series Speaker
## 
### 

Samuel Marti (left) gathers "notes" during a recent trip to San
Pablito, Puebla, Mexico, for his Tuesday Evening Series lecture on
"The Art and Music of the Mayas." Marti is a professor of anthro
pology at the Mexican International Institute. The illustrated lec
ture is presented free by the Stanford Committee on Public Exer
cises. The lecture begins at 7:30 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium.

Samuel Marti (left) gathers "notes" during a recent trip to San
Pablito, Puebla, Mexico, for his Tuesday Evening Series lecture on
"The Art and Music of the Mayas." Marti is a professor of anthro
pology at the Mexican International Institute. The illustrated lec
ture is presented free by the Stanford Committee on Public Exer
cises. The lecture begins at 7:30 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium.

Samuel Marti (left) gathers "notes" during a recent trip to San
Pablito, Puebla, Mexico, for his Tuesday Evening Series lecture on
"The Art and Music of the Mayas." Marti is a professor of anthro
pology at the Mexican International Institute. The illustrated lec
ture is presented free by the Stanford Committee on Public Exer
cises. The lecture begins at 7:30 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium.

Samuel Marti (left) gathers "notes" during a recent trip to San
Pablito, Puebla, Mexico, for his Tuesday Evening Series lecture on
"The Art and Music of the Mayas." Marti is a professor of anthro
pology at the Mexican International Institute. The illustrated lec
ture is presented free by the Stanford Committee on Public Exer
cises. The lecture begins at 7:30 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium.

Samuel Marti (left) gathers "notes" during a recent trip to San
Pablito, Puebla, Mexico, for his Tuesday Evening Series lecture on
"The Art and Music of the Mayas." Marti is a professor of anthro
pology at the Mexican International Institute. The illustrated lec
ture is presented free by the Stanford Committee on Public Exer
cises. The lecture begins at 7:30 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium.

Samuel Marti (left) gathers "notes" during a recent trip to San
Pablito, Puebla, Mexico, for his Tuesday Evening Series lecture on
"The Art and Music of the Mayas." Marti is a professor of anthro
pology at the Mexican International Institute. The illustrated lec
ture is presented free by the Stanford Committee on Public Exer
cises. The lecture begins at 7:30 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium.

Samuel Marti (left) gathers "notes" during a recent trip to San
Pablito, Puebla, Mexico, for his Tuesday Evening Series lecture on
"The Art and Music of the Mayas." Marti is a professor of anthro
pology at the Mexican International Institute. The illustrated lec
ture is presented free by the Stanford Committee on Public Exer
cises. The lecture begins at 7:30 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium.

Samuel Marti (left) gathers "notes" during a recent trip to San
Pablito, Puebla, Mexico, for his Tuesday Evening Series lecture on
"The Art and Music of the Mayas." Marti is a professor of anthro
pology at the Mexican International Institute. The illustrated lec
ture is presented free by the Stanford Committee on Public Exer
cises. The lecture begins at 7:30 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium.

Samuel Marti (left) gathers "notes" during a recent trip to San
Pablito, Puebla, Mexico, for his Tuesday Evening Series lecture on
"The Art and Music of the Mayas." Marti is a professor of anthro
pology at the Mexican International Institute. The illustrated lec
ture is presented free by the Stanford Committee on Public Exer
cises. The lecture begins at 7:30 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium.

Samuel Marti (left) gathers "notes" during a recent trip to San
Pablito, Puebla, Mexico, for his Tuesday Evening Series lecture on
"The Art and Music of the Mayas." Marti is a professor of anthro
pology at the Mexican International Institute. The illustrated lec
ture is presented free by the Stanford Committee on Public Exer
cises. The lecture begins at 7:30 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium.

Samuel Marti (left) gathers "notes" during a recent trip to San
Pablito, Puebla, Mexico, for his Tuesday Evening Series lecture on
"The Art and Music of the Mayas." Marti is a professor of anthro
pology at the Mexican International Institute. The illustrated lec
ture is presented free by the Stanford Committee on Public Exer
cises. The lecture begins at 7:30 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium.

Samuel Marti (left) gathers "notes" during a recent trip to San
Pablito, Puebla, Mexico, for his Tuesday Evening Series lecture on
"The Art and Music of the Mayas." Marti is a professor of anthro
pology at the Mexican International Institute. The illustrated lec
ture is presented free by the Stanford Committee on Public Exer
cises. The lecture begins at 7:30 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium.

Samuel Marti (left) gathers "notes" during a recent trip to San
Pablito, Puebla, Mexico, for his Tuesday Evening Series lecture on
"The Art and Music of the Mayas." Marti is a professor of anthro
pology at the Mexican International Institute. The illustrated lec
ture is presented free by the Stanford Committee on Public Exer
cises. The lecture begins at 7:30 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium.

Samuel Marti (left) gathers "notes" during a recent trip to San
Pablito, Puebla, Mexico, for his Tuesday Evening Series lecture on
"The Art and Music of the Mayas." Marti is a professor of anthro
pology at the Mexican International Institute. The illustrated lec
ture is presented free by the Stanford Committee on Public Exer
cises. The lecture begins at 7:30 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium.

Samuel Marti (left) gathers "notes" during a recent trip to San
Pablito, Puebla, Mexico, for his Tuesday Evening Series lecture on
"The Art and Music of the Mayas." Marti is a professor of anthro
pology at the Mexican International Institute. The illustrated lec
ture is presented free by the Stanford Committee on Public Exer
cises. The lecture begins at 7:30 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium.

Samuel Marti (left) gathers "notes" during a recent trip to San
Pablito, Puebla, Mexico, for his Tuesday Evening Series lecture on
"The Art and Music of the Mayas." Marti is a professor of anthro
pology at the Mexican International Institute. The illustrated lec
ture is presented free by the Stanford Committee on Public Exer
cises. The lecture begins at 7:30 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium.

Samuel Marti (left) gathers "notes" during a recent trip to San
Pablito, Puebla, Mexico, for his Tuesday Evening Series lecture on
"The Art and Music of the Mayas." Marti is a professor of anthro
pology at the Mexican International Institute. The illustrated lec
ture is presented free by the Stanford Committee on Public Exer
cises. The lecture begins at 7:30 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium.

Samuel Marti (left) gathers "notes" during a recent trip to San
Pablito, Puebla, Mexico, for his Tuesday Evening Series lecture on
"The Art and Music of the Mayas." Marti is a professor of anthro
pology at the Mexican International Institute. The illustrated lec
ture is presented free by the Stanford Committee on Public Exer
cises. The lecture begins at 7:30 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium.
