# Bryan On Campus Yesterday.
## 
### 
William Jennings Bryan visited the
campus yesterday, hut remained only
long enough to sec the effect of the
earthquake.
William Jennings Bryan visited the
campus yesterday, hut remained only
long enough to sec the effect of the
earthquake.
William Jennings Bryan visited the
campus yesterday, hut remained only
long enough to sec the effect of the
earthquake.
William Jennings Bryan visited the
campus yesterday, hut remained only
long enough to sec the effect of the
earthquake.
William Jennings Bryan visited the
campus yesterday, hut remained only
long enough to sec the effect of the
earthquake.
William Jennings Bryan visited the
campus yesterday, hut remained only
long enough to sec the effect of the
earthquake.
William Jennings Bryan visited the
campus yesterday, hut remained only
long enough to sec the effect of the
earthquake.
William Jennings Bryan visited the
campus yesterday, hut remained only
long enough to sec the effect of the
earthquake.
William Jennings Bryan visited the
campus yesterday, hut remained only
long enough to sec the effect of the
earthquake.
