# Board Delays Award of Contract.
## 
### 
The Board of Control met late this
afternoon and opened the bids sub
mitted for putting bleachers around
the new track. The contract was not
awarded at the meeting as all of the
bids are higher than the estimate made
by the Board. The bids will be dis
cussed and some definite action will
probably be taken later. Five bids
were submitted this afternoon.
The Board of Control met late this
afternoon and opened the bids sub
mitted for putting bleachers around
the new track. The contract was not
awarded at the meeting as all of the
bids are higher than the estimate made
by the Board. The bids will be dis
cussed and some definite action will
probably be taken later. Five bids
were submitted this afternoon.
The Board of Control met late this
afternoon and opened the bids sub
mitted for putting bleachers around
the new track. The contract was not
awarded at the meeting as all of the
bids are higher than the estimate made
by the Board. The bids will be dis
cussed and some definite action will
probably be taken later. Five bids
were submitted this afternoon.
The Board of Control met late this
afternoon and opened the bids sub
mitted for putting bleachers around
the new track. The contract was not
awarded at the meeting as all of the
bids are higher than the estimate made
by the Board. The bids will be dis
cussed and some definite action will
probably be taken later. Five bids
were submitted this afternoon.
The Board of Control met late this
afternoon and opened the bids sub
mitted for putting bleachers around
the new track. The contract was not
awarded at the meeting as all of the
bids are higher than the estimate made
by the Board. The bids will be dis
cussed and some definite action will
probably be taken later. Five bids
were submitted this afternoon.
The Board of Control met late this
afternoon and opened the bids sub
mitted for putting bleachers around
the new track. The contract was not
awarded at the meeting as all of the
bids are higher than the estimate made
by the Board. The bids will be dis
cussed and some definite action will
probably be taken later. Five bids
were submitted this afternoon.
The Board of Control met late this
afternoon and opened the bids sub
mitted for putting bleachers around
the new track. The contract was not
awarded at the meeting as all of the
bids are higher than the estimate made
by the Board. The bids will be dis
cussed and some definite action will
probably be taken later. Five bids
were submitted this afternoon.
The Board of Control met late this
afternoon and opened the bids sub
mitted for putting bleachers around
the new track. The contract was not
awarded at the meeting as all of the
bids are higher than the estimate made
by the Board. The bids will be dis
cussed and some definite action will
probably be taken later. Five bids
were submitted this afternoon.
The Board of Control met late this
afternoon and opened the bids sub
mitted for putting bleachers around
the new track. The contract was not
awarded at the meeting as all of the
bids are higher than the estimate made
by the Board. The bids will be dis
cussed and some definite action will
probably be taken later. Five bids
were submitted this afternoon.
