# W.A.A. WILL AWARD CUP TO WINNER OF JUNE TENNIS MEET
## 
### 
An individual silver cup will be
awarded this year by 'the Women's
Athletic Association to the woman who
wins the University championship in
tennis. The finals for this event will
be played off June 3, the day of the
interclass meets in archery and ten
nis.
Those who wish to enter this com
petition should give their names to
Margaret White, '23, manager, by
tomorrow night or sign on the list
which is posted in Roble gymnasium.
In this contest only singles games
will be played. It is not an inter
class competition, but is for the pur
pose of determining the individual
tennis champion. Names will be
drawn for the contests and a schedule
will be posted on the bulletin board
of Roble gymnasium, Friday. It is
necessary that the games be played
off as soon as possible on account of
the nearness of the final meet.
An individual silver cup will be
awarded this year by 'the Women's
Athletic Association to the woman who
wins the University championship in
tennis. The finals for this event will
be played off June 3, the day of the
interclass meets in archery and ten
nis.
Those who wish to enter this com
petition should give their names to
Margaret White, '23, manager, by
tomorrow night or sign on the list
which is posted in Roble gymnasium.
In this contest only singles games
will be played. It is not an inter
class competition, but is for the pur
pose of determining the individual
tennis champion. Names will be
drawn for the contests and a schedule
will be posted on the bulletin board
of Roble gymnasium, Friday. It is
necessary that the games be played
off as soon as possible on account of
the nearness of the final meet.
An individual silver cup will be
awarded this year by 'the Women's
Athletic Association to the woman who
wins the University championship in
tennis. The finals for this event will
be played off June 3, the day of the
interclass meets in archery and ten
nis.
Those who wish to enter this com
petition should give their names to
Margaret White, '23, manager, by
tomorrow night or sign on the list
which is posted in Roble gymnasium.
In this contest only singles games
will be played. It is not an inter
class competition, but is for the pur
pose of determining the individual
tennis champion. Names will be
drawn for the contests and a schedule
will be posted on the bulletin board
of Roble gymnasium, Friday. It is
necessary that the games be played
off as soon as possible on account of
the nearness of the final meet.
An individual silver cup will be
awarded this year by 'the Women's
Athletic Association to the woman who
wins the University championship in
tennis. The finals for this event will
be played off June 3, the day of the
interclass meets in archery and ten
nis.
Those who wish to enter this com
petition should give their names to
Margaret White, '23, manager, by
tomorrow night or sign on the list
which is posted in Roble gymnasium.
In this contest only singles games
will be played. It is not an inter
class competition, but is for the pur
pose of determining the individual
tennis champion. Names will be
drawn for the contests and a schedule
will be posted on the bulletin board
of Roble gymnasium, Friday. It is
necessary that the games be played
off as soon as possible on account of
the nearness of the final meet.
An individual silver cup will be
awarded this year by 'the Women's
Athletic Association to the woman who
wins the University championship in
tennis. The finals for this event will
be played off June 3, the day of the
interclass meets in archery and ten
nis.
Those who wish to enter this com
petition should give their names to
Margaret White, '23, manager, by
tomorrow night or sign on the list
which is posted in Roble gymnasium.
In this contest only singles games
will be played. It is not an inter
class competition, but is for the pur
pose of determining the individual
tennis champion. Names will be
drawn for the contests and a schedule
will be posted on the bulletin board
of Roble gymnasium, Friday. It is
necessary that the games be played
off as soon as possible on account of
the nearness of the final meet.
An individual silver cup will be
awarded this year by 'the Women's
Athletic Association to the woman who
wins the University championship in
tennis. The finals for this event will
be played off June 3, the day of the
interclass meets in archery and ten
nis.
Those who wish to enter this com
petition should give their names to
Margaret White, '23, manager, by
tomorrow night or sign on the list
which is posted in Roble gymnasium.
In this contest only singles games
will be played. It is not an inter
class competition, but is for the pur
pose of determining the individual
tennis champion. Names will be
drawn for the contests and a schedule
will be posted on the bulletin board
of Roble gymnasium, Friday. It is
necessary that the games be played
off as soon as possible on account of
the nearness of the final meet.
An individual silver cup will be
awarded this year by 'the Women's
Athletic Association to the woman who
wins the University championship in
tennis. The finals for this event will
be played off June 3, the day of the
interclass meets in archery and ten
nis.
Those who wish to enter this com
petition should give their names to
Margaret White, '23, manager, by
tomorrow night or sign on the list
which is posted in Roble gymnasium.
In this contest only singles games
will be played. It is not an inter
class competition, but is for the pur
pose of determining the individual
tennis champion. Names will be
drawn for the contests and a schedule
will be posted on the bulletin board
of Roble gymnasium, Friday. It is
necessary that the games be played
off as soon as possible on account of
the nearness of the final meet.
An individual silver cup will be
awarded this year by 'the Women's
Athletic Association to the woman who
wins the University championship in
tennis. The finals for this event will
be played off June 3, the day of the
interclass meets in archery and ten
nis.
Those who wish to enter this com
petition should give their names to
Margaret White, '23, manager, by
tomorrow night or sign on the list
which is posted in Roble gymnasium.
In this contest only singles games
will be played. It is not an inter
class competition, but is for the pur
pose of determining the individual
tennis champion. Names will be
drawn for the contests and a schedule
will be posted on the bulletin board
of Roble gymnasium, Friday. It is
necessary that the games be played
off as soon as possible on account of
the nearness of the final meet.
An individual silver cup will be
awarded this year by 'the Women's
Athletic Association to the woman who
wins the University championship in
tennis. The finals for this event will
be played off June 3, the day of the
interclass meets in archery and ten
nis.
Those who wish to enter this com
petition should give their names to
Margaret White, '23, manager, by
tomorrow night or sign on the list
which is posted in Roble gymnasium.
In this contest only singles games
will be played. It is not an inter
class competition, but is for the pur
pose of determining the individual
tennis champion. Names will be
drawn for the contests and a schedule
will be posted on the bulletin board
of Roble gymnasium, Friday. It is
necessary that the games be played
off as soon as possible on account of
the nearness of the final meet.
An individual silver cup will be
awarded this year by 'the Women's
Athletic Association to the woman who
wins the University championship in
tennis. The finals for this event will
be played off June 3, the day of the
interclass meets in archery and ten
nis.
Those who wish to enter this com
petition should give their names to
Margaret White, '23, manager, by
tomorrow night or sign on the list
which is posted in Roble gymnasium.
In this contest only singles games
will be played. It is not an inter
class competition, but is for the pur
pose of determining the individual
tennis champion. Names will be
drawn for the contests and a schedule
will be posted on the bulletin board
of Roble gymnasium, Friday. It is
necessary that the games be played
off as soon as possible on account of
the nearness of the final meet.
An individual silver cup will be
awarded this year by 'the Women's
Athletic Association to the woman who
wins the University championship in
tennis. The finals for this event will
be played off June 3, the day of the
interclass meets in archery and ten
nis.
Those who wish to enter this com
petition should give their names to
Margaret White, '23, manager, by
tomorrow night or sign on the list
which is posted in Roble gymnasium.
In this contest only singles games
will be played. It is not an inter
class competition, but is for the pur
pose of determining the individual
tennis champion. Names will be
drawn for the contests and a schedule
will be posted on the bulletin board
of Roble gymnasium, Friday. It is
necessary that the games be played
off as soon as possible on account of
the nearness of the final meet.
An individual silver cup will be
awarded this year by 'the Women's
Athletic Association to the woman who
wins the University championship in
tennis. The finals for this event will
be played off June 3, the day of the
interclass meets in archery and ten
nis.
Those who wish to enter this com
petition should give their names to
Margaret White, '23, manager, by
tomorrow night or sign on the list
which is posted in Roble gymnasium.
In this contest only singles games
will be played. It is not an inter
class competition, but is for the pur
pose of determining the individual
tennis champion. Names will be
drawn for the contests and a schedule
will be posted on the bulletin board
of Roble gymnasium, Friday. It is
necessary that the games be played
off as soon as possible on account of
the nearness of the final meet.
An individual silver cup will be
awarded this year by 'the Women's
Athletic Association to the woman who
wins the University championship in
tennis. The finals for this event will
be played off June 3, the day of the
interclass meets in archery and ten
nis.
Those who wish to enter this com
petition should give their names to
Margaret White, '23, manager, by
tomorrow night or sign on the list
which is posted in Roble gymnasium.
In this contest only singles games
will be played. It is not an inter
class competition, but is for the pur
pose of determining the individual
tennis champion. Names will be
drawn for the contests and a schedule
will be posted on the bulletin board
of Roble gymnasium, Friday. It is
necessary that the games be played
off as soon as possible on account of
the nearness of the final meet.
An individual silver cup will be
awarded this year by 'the Women's
Athletic Association to the woman who
wins the University championship in
tennis. The finals for this event will
be played off June 3, the day of the
interclass meets in archery and ten
nis.
Those who wish to enter this com
petition should give their names to
Margaret White, '23, manager, by
tomorrow night or sign on the list
which is posted in Roble gymnasium.
In this contest only singles games
will be played. It is not an inter
class competition, but is for the pur
pose of determining the individual
tennis champion. Names will be
drawn for the contests and a schedule
will be posted on the bulletin board
of Roble gymnasium, Friday. It is
necessary that the games be played
off as soon as possible on account of
the nearness of the final meet.
