# OFFICERS CHOSEN AT RIFLE CLUB MEETING
## 
### 
Officers for the fall term were chosen
at the Rifle Club's final meeting of the
quarter last evening. The following
men were elected: Sam Dows, '22, presi
dent; Cecil Balmat, '23, secretary; and
George Drysdale, '23, executive officer.
Other positions will be filled next au
tumn.
Following the election, plans for next
year's competitions were discussed.
Matches with the universities of Cali
fornia, Idaho, Nebraska and Ohio have
virtually been arranged. It is probable
that a return match with the Fresno
County marksmen will also be held.
The Rifle Club is a member of the
National Rifle Association and will thus
be enabled to compete for the champion
ship of the United States. The Pacific
Coast Rifle and Pistol Association has
also recently admitted the Stanford Rifle
Club to full membership. This organi
zation is composed of twenty-five uni
versities and clubs on the Pacific Coast
and conducts monthly shooting matches.
Practice shoots will be held on the
local outdoor distance range on the
mornings of May 27 and June 3. All
students interested are invited to par
ticipate. Ammunition will be furnished
free of charge.
Officers for the fall term were chosen
at the Rifle Club's final meeting of the
quarter last evening. The following
men were elected: Sam Dows, '22, presi
dent; Cecil Balmat, '23, secretary; and
George Drysdale, '23, executive officer.
Other positions will be filled next au
tumn.
Following the election, plans for next
year's competitions were discussed.
Matches with the universities of Cali
fornia, Idaho, Nebraska and Ohio have
virtually been arranged. It is probable
that a return match with the Fresno
County marksmen will also be held.
The Rifle Club is a member of the
National Rifle Association and will thus
be enabled to compete for the champion
ship of the United States. The Pacific
Coast Rifle and Pistol Association has
also recently admitted the Stanford Rifle
Club to full membership. This organi
zation is composed of twenty-five uni
versities and clubs on the Pacific Coast
and conducts monthly shooting matches.
Practice shoots will be held on the
local outdoor distance range on the
mornings of May 27 and June 3. All
students interested are invited to par
ticipate. Ammunition will be furnished
free of charge.
Officers for the fall term were chosen
at the Rifle Club's final meeting of the
quarter last evening. The following
men were elected: Sam Dows, '22, presi
dent; Cecil Balmat, '23, secretary; and
George Drysdale, '23, executive officer.
Other positions will be filled next au
tumn.
Following the election, plans for next
year's competitions were discussed.
Matches with the universities of Cali
fornia, Idaho, Nebraska and Ohio have
virtually been arranged. It is probable
that a return match with the Fresno
County marksmen will also be held.
The Rifle Club is a member of the
National Rifle Association and will thus
be enabled to compete for the champion
ship of the United States. The Pacific
Coast Rifle and Pistol Association has
also recently admitted the Stanford Rifle
Club to full membership. This organi
zation is composed of twenty-five uni
versities and clubs on the Pacific Coast
and conducts monthly shooting matches.
Practice shoots will be held on the
local outdoor distance range on the
mornings of May 27 and June 3. All
students interested are invited to par
ticipate. Ammunition will be furnished
free of charge.
Officers for the fall term were chosen
at the Rifle Club's final meeting of the
quarter last evening. The following
men were elected: Sam Dows, '22, presi
dent; Cecil Balmat, '23, secretary; and
George Drysdale, '23, executive officer.
Other positions will be filled next au
tumn.
Following the election, plans for next
year's competitions were discussed.
Matches with the universities of Cali
fornia, Idaho, Nebraska and Ohio have
virtually been arranged. It is probable
that a return match with the Fresno
County marksmen will also be held.
The Rifle Club is a member of the
National Rifle Association and will thus
be enabled to compete for the champion
ship of the United States. The Pacific
Coast Rifle and Pistol Association has
also recently admitted the Stanford Rifle
Club to full membership. This organi
zation is composed of twenty-five uni
versities and clubs on the Pacific Coast
and conducts monthly shooting matches.
Practice shoots will be held on the
local outdoor distance range on the
mornings of May 27 and June 3. All
students interested are invited to par
ticipate. Ammunition will be furnished
free of charge.
Officers for the fall term were chosen
at the Rifle Club's final meeting of the
quarter last evening. The following
men were elected: Sam Dows, '22, presi
dent; Cecil Balmat, '23, secretary; and
George Drysdale, '23, executive officer.
Other positions will be filled next au
tumn.
Following the election, plans for next
year's competitions were discussed.
Matches with the universities of Cali
fornia, Idaho, Nebraska and Ohio have
virtually been arranged. It is probable
that a return match with the Fresno
County marksmen will also be held.
The Rifle Club is a member of the
National Rifle Association and will thus
be enabled to compete for the champion
ship of the United States. The Pacific
Coast Rifle and Pistol Association has
also recently admitted the Stanford Rifle
Club to full membership. This organi
zation is composed of twenty-five uni
versities and clubs on the Pacific Coast
and conducts monthly shooting matches.
Practice shoots will be held on the
local outdoor distance range on the
mornings of May 27 and June 3. All
students interested are invited to par
ticipate. Ammunition will be furnished
free of charge.
Officers for the fall term were chosen
at the Rifle Club's final meeting of the
quarter last evening. The following
men were elected: Sam Dows, '22, presi
dent; Cecil Balmat, '23, secretary; and
George Drysdale, '23, executive officer.
Other positions will be filled next au
tumn.
Following the election, plans for next
year's competitions were discussed.
Matches with the universities of Cali
fornia, Idaho, Nebraska and Ohio have
virtually been arranged. It is probable
that a return match with the Fresno
County marksmen will also be held.
The Rifle Club is a member of the
National Rifle Association and will thus
be enabled to compete for the champion
ship of the United States. The Pacific
Coast Rifle and Pistol Association has
also recently admitted the Stanford Rifle
Club to full membership. This organi
zation is composed of twenty-five uni
versities and clubs on the Pacific Coast
and conducts monthly shooting matches.
Practice shoots will be held on the
local outdoor distance range on the
mornings of May 27 and June 3. All
students interested are invited to par
ticipate. Ammunition will be furnished
free of charge.
Officers for the fall term were chosen
at the Rifle Club's final meeting of the
quarter last evening. The following
men were elected: Sam Dows, '22, presi
dent; Cecil Balmat, '23, secretary; and
George Drysdale, '23, executive officer.
Other positions will be filled next au
tumn.
Following the election, plans for next
year's competitions were discussed.
Matches with the universities of Cali
fornia, Idaho, Nebraska and Ohio have
virtually been arranged. It is probable
that a return match with the Fresno
County marksmen will also be held.
The Rifle Club is a member of the
National Rifle Association and will thus
be enabled to compete for the champion
ship of the United States. The Pacific
Coast Rifle and Pistol Association has
also recently admitted the Stanford Rifle
Club to full membership. This organi
zation is composed of twenty-five uni
versities and clubs on the Pacific Coast
and conducts monthly shooting matches.
Practice shoots will be held on the
local outdoor distance range on the
mornings of May 27 and June 3. All
students interested are invited to par
ticipate. Ammunition will be furnished
free of charge.
Officers for the fall term were chosen
at the Rifle Club's final meeting of the
quarter last evening. The following
men were elected: Sam Dows, '22, presi
dent; Cecil Balmat, '23, secretary; and
George Drysdale, '23, executive officer.
Other positions will be filled next au
tumn.
Following the election, plans for next
year's competitions were discussed.
Matches with the universities of Cali
fornia, Idaho, Nebraska and Ohio have
virtually been arranged. It is probable
that a return match with the Fresno
County marksmen will also be held.
The Rifle Club is a member of the
National Rifle Association and will thus
be enabled to compete for the champion
ship of the United States. The Pacific
Coast Rifle and Pistol Association has
also recently admitted the Stanford Rifle
Club to full membership. This organi
zation is composed of twenty-five uni
versities and clubs on the Pacific Coast
and conducts monthly shooting matches.
Practice shoots will be held on the
local outdoor distance range on the
mornings of May 27 and June 3. All
students interested are invited to par
ticipate. Ammunition will be furnished
free of charge.
Officers for the fall term were chosen
at the Rifle Club's final meeting of the
quarter last evening. The following
men were elected: Sam Dows, '22, presi
dent; Cecil Balmat, '23, secretary; and
George Drysdale, '23, executive officer.
Other positions will be filled next au
tumn.
Following the election, plans for next
year's competitions were discussed.
Matches with the universities of Cali
fornia, Idaho, Nebraska and Ohio have
virtually been arranged. It is probable
that a return match with the Fresno
County marksmen will also be held.
The Rifle Club is a member of the
National Rifle Association and will thus
be enabled to compete for the champion
ship of the United States. The Pacific
Coast Rifle and Pistol Association has
also recently admitted the Stanford Rifle
Club to full membership. This organi
zation is composed of twenty-five uni
versities and clubs on the Pacific Coast
and conducts monthly shooting matches.
Practice shoots will be held on the
local outdoor distance range on the
mornings of May 27 and June 3. All
students interested are invited to par
ticipate. Ammunition will be furnished
free of charge.
Officers for the fall term were chosen
at the Rifle Club's final meeting of the
quarter last evening. The following
men were elected: Sam Dows, '22, presi
dent; Cecil Balmat, '23, secretary; and
George Drysdale, '23, executive officer.
Other positions will be filled next au
tumn.
Following the election, plans for next
year's competitions were discussed.
Matches with the universities of Cali
fornia, Idaho, Nebraska and Ohio have
virtually been arranged. It is probable
that a return match with the Fresno
County marksmen will also be held.
The Rifle Club is a member of the
National Rifle Association and will thus
be enabled to compete for the champion
ship of the United States. The Pacific
Coast Rifle and Pistol Association has
also recently admitted the Stanford Rifle
Club to full membership. This organi
zation is composed of twenty-five uni
versities and clubs on the Pacific Coast
and conducts monthly shooting matches.
Practice shoots will be held on the
local outdoor distance range on the
mornings of May 27 and June 3. All
students interested are invited to par
ticipate. Ammunition will be furnished
free of charge.
Officers for the fall term were chosen
at the Rifle Club's final meeting of the
quarter last evening. The following
men were elected: Sam Dows, '22, presi
dent; Cecil Balmat, '23, secretary; and
George Drysdale, '23, executive officer.
Other positions will be filled next au
tumn.
Following the election, plans for next
year's competitions were discussed.
Matches with the universities of Cali
fornia, Idaho, Nebraska and Ohio have
virtually been arranged. It is probable
that a return match with the Fresno
County marksmen will also be held.
The Rifle Club is a member of the
National Rifle Association and will thus
be enabled to compete for the champion
ship of the United States. The Pacific
Coast Rifle and Pistol Association has
also recently admitted the Stanford Rifle
Club to full membership. This organi
zation is composed of twenty-five uni
versities and clubs on the Pacific Coast
and conducts monthly shooting matches.
Practice shoots will be held on the
local outdoor distance range on the
mornings of May 27 and June 3. All
students interested are invited to par
ticipate. Ammunition will be furnished
free of charge.
Officers for the fall term were chosen
at the Rifle Club's final meeting of the
quarter last evening. The following
men were elected: Sam Dows, '22, presi
dent; Cecil Balmat, '23, secretary; and
George Drysdale, '23, executive officer.
Other positions will be filled next au
tumn.
Following the election, plans for next
year's competitions were discussed.
Matches with the universities of Cali
fornia, Idaho, Nebraska and Ohio have
virtually been arranged. It is probable
that a return match with the Fresno
County marksmen will also be held.
The Rifle Club is a member of the
National Rifle Association and will thus
be enabled to compete for the champion
ship of the United States. The Pacific
Coast Rifle and Pistol Association has
also recently admitted the Stanford Rifle
Club to full membership. This organi
zation is composed of twenty-five uni
versities and clubs on the Pacific Coast
and conducts monthly shooting matches.
Practice shoots will be held on the
local outdoor distance range on the
mornings of May 27 and June 3. All
students interested are invited to par
ticipate. Ammunition will be furnished
free of charge.
Officers for the fall term were chosen
at the Rifle Club's final meeting of the
quarter last evening. The following
men were elected: Sam Dows, '22, presi
dent; Cecil Balmat, '23, secretary; and
George Drysdale, '23, executive officer.
Other positions will be filled next au
tumn.
Following the election, plans for next
year's competitions were discussed.
Matches with the universities of Cali
fornia, Idaho, Nebraska and Ohio have
virtually been arranged. It is probable
that a return match with the Fresno
County marksmen will also be held.
The Rifle Club is a member of the
National Rifle Association and will thus
be enabled to compete for the champion
ship of the United States. The Pacific
Coast Rifle and Pistol Association has
also recently admitted the Stanford Rifle
Club to full membership. This organi
zation is composed of twenty-five uni
versities and clubs on the Pacific Coast
and conducts monthly shooting matches.
Practice shoots will be held on the
local outdoor distance range on the
mornings of May 27 and June 3. All
students interested are invited to par
ticipate. Ammunition will be furnished
free of charge.
Officers for the fall term were chosen
at the Rifle Club's final meeting of the
quarter last evening. The following
men were elected: Sam Dows, '22, presi
dent; Cecil Balmat, '23, secretary; and
George Drysdale, '23, executive officer.
Other positions will be filled next au
tumn.
Following the election, plans for next
year's competitions were discussed.
Matches with the universities of Cali
fornia, Idaho, Nebraska and Ohio have
virtually been arranged. It is probable
that a return match with the Fresno
County marksmen will also be held.
The Rifle Club is a member of the
National Rifle Association and will thus
be enabled to compete for the champion
ship of the United States. The Pacific
Coast Rifle and Pistol Association has
also recently admitted the Stanford Rifle
Club to full membership. This organi
zation is composed of twenty-five uni
versities and clubs on the Pacific Coast
and conducts monthly shooting matches.
Practice shoots will be held on the
local outdoor distance range on the
mornings of May 27 and June 3. All
students interested are invited to par
ticipate. Ammunition will be furnished
free of charge.
