# Collegiate Alumnae Reception.
## 
### 
The Association of Collegiate
Alumnae gave their annual recep
tion to the women of the senior
classes of California and Stanford
at the rooms of the Sorosis Club in
San Francisco last Saturday after
noon. There was a full attendance
of the members of the Association,
representing nearly all the colleges
of the country which open their
doors to women. There were about
twenty five Stanford seniors pres
ent. The program for the after
noon consisted of a series of talks
on "Openings for College Women."
Mrs. Mary lloberts Smith, associ
ate professor of Economics at Stan
ford, spoke on the practical diffi
culties in the way of a woman pre
paring herself to be a college
teacher.
The Association of Collegiate
Alumnae gave their annual recep
tion to the women of the senior
classes of California and Stanford
at the rooms of the Sorosis Club in
San Francisco last Saturday after
noon. There was a full attendance
of the members of the Association,
representing nearly all the colleges
of the country which open their
doors to women. There were about
twenty five Stanford seniors pres
ent. The program for the after
noon consisted of a series of talks
on "Openings for College Women."
Mrs. Mary lloberts Smith, associ
ate professor of Economics at Stan
ford, spoke on the practical diffi
culties in the way of a woman pre
paring herself to be a college
teacher.
The Association of Collegiate
Alumnae gave their annual recep
tion to the women of the senior
classes of California and Stanford
at the rooms of the Sorosis Club in
San Francisco last Saturday after
noon. There was a full attendance
of the members of the Association,
representing nearly all the colleges
of the country which open their
doors to women. There were about
twenty five Stanford seniors pres
ent. The program for the after
noon consisted of a series of talks
on "Openings for College Women."
Mrs. Mary lloberts Smith, associ
ate professor of Economics at Stan
ford, spoke on the practical diffi
culties in the way of a woman pre
paring herself to be a college
teacher.
The Association of Collegiate
Alumnae gave their annual recep
tion to the women of the senior
classes of California and Stanford
at the rooms of the Sorosis Club in
San Francisco last Saturday after
noon. There was a full attendance
of the members of the Association,
representing nearly all the colleges
of the country which open their
doors to women. There were about
twenty five Stanford seniors pres
ent. The program for the after
noon consisted of a series of talks
on "Openings for College Women."
Mrs. Mary lloberts Smith, associ
ate professor of Economics at Stan
ford, spoke on the practical diffi
culties in the way of a woman pre
paring herself to be a college
teacher.
The Association of Collegiate
Alumnae gave their annual recep
tion to the women of the senior
classes of California and Stanford
at the rooms of the Sorosis Club in
San Francisco last Saturday after
noon. There was a full attendance
of the members of the Association,
representing nearly all the colleges
of the country which open their
doors to women. There were about
twenty five Stanford seniors pres
ent. The program for the after
noon consisted of a series of talks
on "Openings for College Women."
Mrs. Mary lloberts Smith, associ
ate professor of Economics at Stan
ford, spoke on the practical diffi
culties in the way of a woman pre
paring herself to be a college
teacher.
The Association of Collegiate
Alumnae gave their annual recep
tion to the women of the senior
classes of California and Stanford
at the rooms of the Sorosis Club in
San Francisco last Saturday after
noon. There was a full attendance
of the members of the Association,
representing nearly all the colleges
of the country which open their
doors to women. There were about
twenty five Stanford seniors pres
ent. The program for the after
noon consisted of a series of talks
on "Openings for College Women."
Mrs. Mary lloberts Smith, associ
ate professor of Economics at Stan
ford, spoke on the practical diffi
culties in the way of a woman pre
paring herself to be a college
teacher.
The Association of Collegiate
Alumnae gave their annual recep
tion to the women of the senior
classes of California and Stanford
at the rooms of the Sorosis Club in
San Francisco last Saturday after
noon. There was a full attendance
of the members of the Association,
representing nearly all the colleges
of the country which open their
doors to women. There were about
twenty five Stanford seniors pres
ent. The program for the after
noon consisted of a series of talks
on "Openings for College Women."
Mrs. Mary lloberts Smith, associ
ate professor of Economics at Stan
ford, spoke on the practical diffi
culties in the way of a woman pre
paring herself to be a college
teacher.
