# GROUP TO PRESENT BEST OF MARIVAUX PLAYS ON JULY 19
## 
### 
The Cornish Players Touring Group
will present "Love and Chance," a
comedy by Marivaux, in the Assembly
Hall at 8 o'clock Tuesday evening, July
19. The play will be open to the public
without charge.
The Cornish Players is a group com
posed of graduate students of the De
partment of Theatre, Cornish School,
Seattle, Washington, who have won
laurels for their ability to interpret
difficult roles. They are directed this
season by Jean Mercier, distinguished
in the theatrical world of Europe.
"Love and Chance" is considered
Marivaux's masterpiece, and one of the
representative plays of the 18th cen
tury. This comedy, first performed be
fore the French Court in 1720, and
ever since a favorite in Europe, re
flects the world in which Marivaux
lived—delicate, skeptical, and indolent.
The Cornish Players Touring Group
will present "Love and Chance," a
comedy by Marivaux, in the Assembly
Hall at 8 o'clock Tuesday evening, July
19. The play will be open to the public
without charge.
The Cornish Players is a group com
posed of graduate students of the De
partment of Theatre, Cornish School,
Seattle, Washington, who have won
laurels for their ability to interpret
difficult roles. They are directed this
season by Jean Mercier, distinguished
in the theatrical world of Europe.
"Love and Chance" is considered
Marivaux's masterpiece, and one of the
representative plays of the 18th cen
tury. This comedy, first performed be
fore the French Court in 1720, and
ever since a favorite in Europe, re
flects the world in which Marivaux
lived—delicate, skeptical, and indolent.
The Cornish Players Touring Group
will present "Love and Chance," a
comedy by Marivaux, in the Assembly
Hall at 8 o'clock Tuesday evening, July
19. The play will be open to the public
without charge.
The Cornish Players is a group com
posed of graduate students of the De
partment of Theatre, Cornish School,
Seattle, Washington, who have won
laurels for their ability to interpret
difficult roles. They are directed this
season by Jean Mercier, distinguished
in the theatrical world of Europe.
"Love and Chance" is considered
Marivaux's masterpiece, and one of the
representative plays of the 18th cen
tury. This comedy, first performed be
fore the French Court in 1720, and
ever since a favorite in Europe, re
flects the world in which Marivaux
lived—delicate, skeptical, and indolent.
The Cornish Players Touring Group
will present "Love and Chance," a
comedy by Marivaux, in the Assembly
Hall at 8 o'clock Tuesday evening, July
19. The play will be open to the public
without charge.
The Cornish Players is a group com
posed of graduate students of the De
partment of Theatre, Cornish School,
Seattle, Washington, who have won
laurels for their ability to interpret
difficult roles. They are directed this
season by Jean Mercier, distinguished
in the theatrical world of Europe.
"Love and Chance" is considered
Marivaux's masterpiece, and one of the
representative plays of the 18th cen
tury. This comedy, first performed be
fore the French Court in 1720, and
ever since a favorite in Europe, re
flects the world in which Marivaux
lived—delicate, skeptical, and indolent.
The Cornish Players Touring Group
will present "Love and Chance," a
comedy by Marivaux, in the Assembly
Hall at 8 o'clock Tuesday evening, July
19. The play will be open to the public
without charge.
The Cornish Players is a group com
posed of graduate students of the De
partment of Theatre, Cornish School,
Seattle, Washington, who have won
laurels for their ability to interpret
difficult roles. They are directed this
season by Jean Mercier, distinguished
in the theatrical world of Europe.
"Love and Chance" is considered
Marivaux's masterpiece, and one of the
representative plays of the 18th cen
tury. This comedy, first performed be
fore the French Court in 1720, and
ever since a favorite in Europe, re
flects the world in which Marivaux
lived—delicate, skeptical, and indolent.
The Cornish Players Touring Group
will present "Love and Chance," a
comedy by Marivaux, in the Assembly
Hall at 8 o'clock Tuesday evening, July
19. The play will be open to the public
without charge.
The Cornish Players is a group com
posed of graduate students of the De
partment of Theatre, Cornish School,
Seattle, Washington, who have won
laurels for their ability to interpret
difficult roles. They are directed this
season by Jean Mercier, distinguished
in the theatrical world of Europe.
"Love and Chance" is considered
Marivaux's masterpiece, and one of the
representative plays of the 18th cen
tury. This comedy, first performed be
fore the French Court in 1720, and
ever since a favorite in Europe, re
flects the world in which Marivaux
lived—delicate, skeptical, and indolent.
The Cornish Players Touring Group
will present "Love and Chance," a
comedy by Marivaux, in the Assembly
Hall at 8 o'clock Tuesday evening, July
19. The play will be open to the public
without charge.
The Cornish Players is a group com
posed of graduate students of the De
partment of Theatre, Cornish School,
Seattle, Washington, who have won
laurels for their ability to interpret
difficult roles. They are directed this
season by Jean Mercier, distinguished
in the theatrical world of Europe.
"Love and Chance" is considered
Marivaux's masterpiece, and one of the
representative plays of the 18th cen
tury. This comedy, first performed be
fore the French Court in 1720, and
ever since a favorite in Europe, re
flects the world in which Marivaux
lived—delicate, skeptical, and indolent.
The Cornish Players Touring Group
will present "Love and Chance," a
comedy by Marivaux, in the Assembly
Hall at 8 o'clock Tuesday evening, July
19. The play will be open to the public
without charge.
The Cornish Players is a group com
posed of graduate students of the De
partment of Theatre, Cornish School,
Seattle, Washington, who have won
laurels for their ability to interpret
difficult roles. They are directed this
season by Jean Mercier, distinguished
in the theatrical world of Europe.
"Love and Chance" is considered
Marivaux's masterpiece, and one of the
representative plays of the 18th cen
tury. This comedy, first performed be
fore the French Court in 1720, and
ever since a favorite in Europe, re
flects the world in which Marivaux
lived—delicate, skeptical, and indolent.
The Cornish Players Touring Group
will present "Love and Chance," a
comedy by Marivaux, in the Assembly
Hall at 8 o'clock Tuesday evening, July
19. The play will be open to the public
without charge.
The Cornish Players is a group com
posed of graduate students of the De
partment of Theatre, Cornish School,
Seattle, Washington, who have won
laurels for their ability to interpret
difficult roles. They are directed this
season by Jean Mercier, distinguished
in the theatrical world of Europe.
"Love and Chance" is considered
Marivaux's masterpiece, and one of the
representative plays of the 18th cen
tury. This comedy, first performed be
fore the French Court in 1720, and
ever since a favorite in Europe, re
flects the world in which Marivaux
lived—delicate, skeptical, and indolent.
The Cornish Players Touring Group
will present "Love and Chance," a
comedy by Marivaux, in the Assembly
Hall at 8 o'clock Tuesday evening, July
19. The play will be open to the public
without charge.
The Cornish Players is a group com
posed of graduate students of the De
partment of Theatre, Cornish School,
Seattle, Washington, who have won
laurels for their ability to interpret
difficult roles. They are directed this
season by Jean Mercier, distinguished
in the theatrical world of Europe.
"Love and Chance" is considered
Marivaux's masterpiece, and one of the
representative plays of the 18th cen
tury. This comedy, first performed be
fore the French Court in 1720, and
ever since a favorite in Europe, re
flects the world in which Marivaux
lived—delicate, skeptical, and indolent.
The Cornish Players Touring Group
will present "Love and Chance," a
comedy by Marivaux, in the Assembly
Hall at 8 o'clock Tuesday evening, July
19. The play will be open to the public
without charge.
The Cornish Players is a group com
posed of graduate students of the De
partment of Theatre, Cornish School,
Seattle, Washington, who have won
laurels for their ability to interpret
difficult roles. They are directed this
season by Jean Mercier, distinguished
in the theatrical world of Europe.
"Love and Chance" is considered
Marivaux's masterpiece, and one of the
representative plays of the 18th cen
tury. This comedy, first performed be
fore the French Court in 1720, and
ever since a favorite in Europe, re
flects the world in which Marivaux
lived—delicate, skeptical, and indolent.
The Cornish Players Touring Group
will present "Love and Chance," a
comedy by Marivaux, in the Assembly
Hall at 8 o'clock Tuesday evening, July
19. The play will be open to the public
without charge.
The Cornish Players is a group com
posed of graduate students of the De
partment of Theatre, Cornish School,
Seattle, Washington, who have won
laurels for their ability to interpret
difficult roles. They are directed this
season by Jean Mercier, distinguished
in the theatrical world of Europe.
"Love and Chance" is considered
Marivaux's masterpiece, and one of the
representative plays of the 18th cen
tury. This comedy, first performed be
fore the French Court in 1720, and
ever since a favorite in Europe, re
flects the world in which Marivaux
lived—delicate, skeptical, and indolent.
The Cornish Players Touring Group
will present "Love and Chance," a
comedy by Marivaux, in the Assembly
Hall at 8 o'clock Tuesday evening, July
19. The play will be open to the public
without charge.
The Cornish Players is a group com
posed of graduate students of the De
partment of Theatre, Cornish School,
Seattle, Washington, who have won
laurels for their ability to interpret
difficult roles. They are directed this
season by Jean Mercier, distinguished
in the theatrical world of Europe.
"Love and Chance" is considered
Marivaux's masterpiece, and one of the
representative plays of the 18th cen
tury. This comedy, first performed be
fore the French Court in 1720, and
ever since a favorite in Europe, re
flects the world in which Marivaux
lived—delicate, skeptical, and indolent.
The Cornish Players Touring Group
will present "Love and Chance," a
comedy by Marivaux, in the Assembly
Hall at 8 o'clock Tuesday evening, July
19. The play will be open to the public
without charge.
The Cornish Players is a group com
posed of graduate students of the De
partment of Theatre, Cornish School,
Seattle, Washington, who have won
laurels for their ability to interpret
difficult roles. They are directed this
season by Jean Mercier, distinguished
in the theatrical world of Europe.
"Love and Chance" is considered
Marivaux's masterpiece, and one of the
representative plays of the 18th cen
tury. This comedy, first performed be
fore the French Court in 1720, and
ever since a favorite in Europe, re
flects the world in which Marivaux
lived—delicate, skeptical, and indolent.
