# Distance Swim Star
## 
### 

Austin Clapp, stellar Stanford
swimmer, who will compete in
Cincinnati tomorrow and Satur
day for a berth on the United
States Olympic team.

Austin Clapp, stellar Stanford
swimmer, who will compete in
Cincinnati tomorrow and Satur
day for a berth on the United
States Olympic team.

Austin Clapp, stellar Stanford
swimmer, who will compete in
Cincinnati tomorrow and Satur
day for a berth on the United
States Olympic team.

Austin Clapp, stellar Stanford
swimmer, who will compete in
Cincinnati tomorrow and Satur
day for a berth on the United
States Olympic team.

Austin Clapp, stellar Stanford
swimmer, who will compete in
Cincinnati tomorrow and Satur
day for a berth on the United
States Olympic team.

Austin Clapp, stellar Stanford
swimmer, who will compete in
Cincinnati tomorrow and Satur
day for a berth on the United
States Olympic team.

Austin Clapp, stellar Stanford
swimmer, who will compete in
Cincinnati tomorrow and Satur
day for a berth on the United
States Olympic team.

Austin Clapp, stellar Stanford
swimmer, who will compete in
Cincinnati tomorrow and Satur
day for a berth on the United
States Olympic team.

Austin Clapp, stellar Stanford
swimmer, who will compete in
Cincinnati tomorrow and Satur
day for a berth on the United
States Olympic team.

Austin Clapp, stellar Stanford
swimmer, who will compete in
Cincinnati tomorrow and Satur
day for a berth on the United
States Olympic team.

Austin Clapp, stellar Stanford
swimmer, who will compete in
Cincinnati tomorrow and Satur
day for a berth on the United
States Olympic team.

Austin Clapp, stellar Stanford
swimmer, who will compete in
Cincinnati tomorrow and Satur
day for a berth on the United
States Olympic team.

Austin Clapp, stellar Stanford
swimmer, who will compete in
Cincinnati tomorrow and Satur
day for a berth on the United
States Olympic team.

Austin Clapp, stellar Stanford
swimmer, who will compete in
Cincinnati tomorrow and Satur
day for a berth on the United
States Olympic team.
