# WILL LECTURE ON SPAIN
## 
### 
Aurelio M. Espinosa, Jr., acting as- |
sistant professor of Spanish, will lec- '
ture on "Recent Developments in Re- j
publican Spain" at 4:15 o'clock Wed- j
nesday, July 20, in the Little Theatre, j
Aurelio M. Espinosa, Jr., acting as- |
sistant professor of Spanish, will lec- '
ture on "Recent Developments in Re- j
publican Spain" at 4:15 o'clock Wed- j
nesday, July 20, in the Little Theatre, j
Aurelio M. Espinosa, Jr., acting as- |
sistant professor of Spanish, will lec- '
ture on "Recent Developments in Re- j
publican Spain" at 4:15 o'clock Wed- j
nesday, July 20, in the Little Theatre, j
Aurelio M. Espinosa, Jr., acting as- |
sistant professor of Spanish, will lec- '
ture on "Recent Developments in Re- j
publican Spain" at 4:15 o'clock Wed- j
nesday, July 20, in the Little Theatre, j
Aurelio M. Espinosa, Jr., acting as- |
sistant professor of Spanish, will lec- '
ture on "Recent Developments in Re- j
publican Spain" at 4:15 o'clock Wed- j
nesday, July 20, in the Little Theatre, j
Aurelio M. Espinosa, Jr., acting as- |
sistant professor of Spanish, will lec- '
ture on "Recent Developments in Re- j
publican Spain" at 4:15 o'clock Wed- j
nesday, July 20, in the Little Theatre, j
Aurelio M. Espinosa, Jr., acting as- |
sistant professor of Spanish, will lec- '
ture on "Recent Developments in Re- j
publican Spain" at 4:15 o'clock Wed- j
nesday, July 20, in the Little Theatre, j
Aurelio M. Espinosa, Jr., acting as- |
sistant professor of Spanish, will lec- '
ture on "Recent Developments in Re- j
publican Spain" at 4:15 o'clock Wed- j
nesday, July 20, in the Little Theatre, j
Aurelio M. Espinosa, Jr., acting as- |
sistant professor of Spanish, will lec- '
ture on "Recent Developments in Re- j
publican Spain" at 4:15 o'clock Wed- j
nesday, July 20, in the Little Theatre, j
Aurelio M. Espinosa, Jr., acting as- |
sistant professor of Spanish, will lec- '
ture on "Recent Developments in Re- j
publican Spain" at 4:15 o'clock Wed- j
nesday, July 20, in the Little Theatre, j
Aurelio M. Espinosa, Jr., acting as- |
sistant professor of Spanish, will lec- '
ture on "Recent Developments in Re- j
publican Spain" at 4:15 o'clock Wed- j
nesday, July 20, in the Little Theatre, j
Aurelio M. Espinosa, Jr., acting as- |
sistant professor of Spanish, will lec- '
ture on "Recent Developments in Re- j
publican Spain" at 4:15 o'clock Wed- j
nesday, July 20, in the Little Theatre, j
Aurelio M. Espinosa, Jr., acting as- |
sistant professor of Spanish, will lec- '
ture on "Recent Developments in Re- j
publican Spain" at 4:15 o'clock Wed- j
nesday, July 20, in the Little Theatre, j
Aurelio M. Espinosa, Jr., acting as- |
sistant professor of Spanish, will lec- '
ture on "Recent Developments in Re- j
publican Spain" at 4:15 o'clock Wed- j
nesday, July 20, in the Little Theatre, j
