# TESTS TO BE GIVEN
## 
### 
General knowledge tests and com
prehensive tests in English will be
given Saturday, July 16, by the School
of Education to persons who are can
didates for teacher's credentials. The
tests will be given in Room 56 at 9
o'clock.
General knowledge tests and com
prehensive tests in English will be
given Saturday, July 16, by the School
of Education to persons who are can
didates for teacher's credentials. The
tests will be given in Room 56 at 9
o'clock.
General knowledge tests and com
prehensive tests in English will be
given Saturday, July 16, by the School
of Education to persons who are can
didates for teacher's credentials. The
tests will be given in Room 56 at 9
o'clock.
General knowledge tests and com
prehensive tests in English will be
given Saturday, July 16, by the School
of Education to persons who are can
didates for teacher's credentials. The
tests will be given in Room 56 at 9
o'clock.
General knowledge tests and com
prehensive tests in English will be
given Saturday, July 16, by the School
of Education to persons who are can
didates for teacher's credentials. The
tests will be given in Room 56 at 9
o'clock.
General knowledge tests and com
prehensive tests in English will be
given Saturday, July 16, by the School
of Education to persons who are can
didates for teacher's credentials. The
tests will be given in Room 56 at 9
o'clock.
General knowledge tests and com
prehensive tests in English will be
given Saturday, July 16, by the School
of Education to persons who are can
didates for teacher's credentials. The
tests will be given in Room 56 at 9
o'clock.
General knowledge tests and com
prehensive tests in English will be
given Saturday, July 16, by the School
of Education to persons who are can
didates for teacher's credentials. The
tests will be given in Room 56 at 9
o'clock.
General knowledge tests and com
prehensive tests in English will be
given Saturday, July 16, by the School
of Education to persons who are can
didates for teacher's credentials. The
tests will be given in Room 56 at 9
o'clock.
General knowledge tests and com
prehensive tests in English will be
given Saturday, July 16, by the School
of Education to persons who are can
didates for teacher's credentials. The
tests will be given in Room 56 at 9
o'clock.
General knowledge tests and com
prehensive tests in English will be
given Saturday, July 16, by the School
of Education to persons who are can
didates for teacher's credentials. The
tests will be given in Room 56 at 9
o'clock.
General knowledge tests and com
prehensive tests in English will be
given Saturday, July 16, by the School
of Education to persons who are can
didates for teacher's credentials. The
tests will be given in Room 56 at 9
o'clock.
General knowledge tests and com
prehensive tests in English will be
given Saturday, July 16, by the School
of Education to persons who are can
didates for teacher's credentials. The
tests will be given in Room 56 at 9
o'clock.
General knowledge tests and com
prehensive tests in English will be
given Saturday, July 16, by the School
of Education to persons who are can
didates for teacher's credentials. The
tests will be given in Room 56 at 9
o'clock.
