# Delts, Pi Phis Join in Skit For Gaieties
## 
### 
Running the S.A.E. house a
close race for the Ram's Head
trophy, the Delts and the Pi Phis
have combined their forces in a
musical extravaganza for the Gaie
ties, announced Director Frank
O'Neill yesterday.
Written by Bud C'ady and Jim
Corner, the act presents a color
ful scene of regal splendor during
the czarist regime in old Russia.
The skit has been arranged as a
setting for a novelty tune, "Mos
cow Mamie," written by the same
authors.
Running the S.A.E. house a
close race for the Ram's Head
trophy, the Delts and the Pi Phis
have combined their forces in a
musical extravaganza for the Gaie
ties, announced Director Frank
O'Neill yesterday.
Written by Bud C'ady and Jim
Corner, the act presents a color
ful scene of regal splendor during
the czarist regime in old Russia.
The skit has been arranged as a
setting for a novelty tune, "Mos
cow Mamie," written by the same
authors.
Running the S.A.E. house a
close race for the Ram's Head
trophy, the Delts and the Pi Phis
have combined their forces in a
musical extravaganza for the Gaie
ties, announced Director Frank
O'Neill yesterday.
Written by Bud C'ady and Jim
Corner, the act presents a color
ful scene of regal splendor during
the czarist regime in old Russia.
The skit has been arranged as a
setting for a novelty tune, "Mos
cow Mamie," written by the same
authors.
Running the S.A.E. house a
close race for the Ram's Head
trophy, the Delts and the Pi Phis
have combined their forces in a
musical extravaganza for the Gaie
ties, announced Director Frank
O'Neill yesterday.
Written by Bud C'ady and Jim
Corner, the act presents a color
ful scene of regal splendor during
the czarist regime in old Russia.
The skit has been arranged as a
setting for a novelty tune, "Mos
cow Mamie," written by the same
authors.
Running the S.A.E. house a
close race for the Ram's Head
trophy, the Delts and the Pi Phis
have combined their forces in a
musical extravaganza for the Gaie
ties, announced Director Frank
O'Neill yesterday.
Written by Bud C'ady and Jim
Corner, the act presents a color
ful scene of regal splendor during
the czarist regime in old Russia.
The skit has been arranged as a
setting for a novelty tune, "Mos
cow Mamie," written by the same
authors.
Running the S.A.E. house a
close race for the Ram's Head
trophy, the Delts and the Pi Phis
have combined their forces in a
musical extravaganza for the Gaie
ties, announced Director Frank
O'Neill yesterday.
Written by Bud C'ady and Jim
Corner, the act presents a color
ful scene of regal splendor during
the czarist regime in old Russia.
The skit has been arranged as a
setting for a novelty tune, "Mos
cow Mamie," written by the same
authors.
Running the S.A.E. house a
close race for the Ram's Head
trophy, the Delts and the Pi Phis
have combined their forces in a
musical extravaganza for the Gaie
ties, announced Director Frank
O'Neill yesterday.
Written by Bud C'ady and Jim
Corner, the act presents a color
ful scene of regal splendor during
the czarist regime in old Russia.
The skit has been arranged as a
setting for a novelty tune, "Mos
cow Mamie," written by the same
authors.
Running the S.A.E. house a
close race for the Ram's Head
trophy, the Delts and the Pi Phis
have combined their forces in a
musical extravaganza for the Gaie
ties, announced Director Frank
O'Neill yesterday.
Written by Bud C'ady and Jim
Corner, the act presents a color
ful scene of regal splendor during
the czarist regime in old Russia.
The skit has been arranged as a
setting for a novelty tune, "Mos
cow Mamie," written by the same
authors.
Running the S.A.E. house a
close race for the Ram's Head
trophy, the Delts and the Pi Phis
have combined their forces in a
musical extravaganza for the Gaie
ties, announced Director Frank
O'Neill yesterday.
Written by Bud C'ady and Jim
Corner, the act presents a color
ful scene of regal splendor during
the czarist regime in old Russia.
The skit has been arranged as a
setting for a novelty tune, "Mos
cow Mamie," written by the same
authors.
Running the S.A.E. house a
close race for the Ram's Head
trophy, the Delts and the Pi Phis
have combined their forces in a
musical extravaganza for the Gaie
ties, announced Director Frank
O'Neill yesterday.
Written by Bud C'ady and Jim
Corner, the act presents a color
ful scene of regal splendor during
the czarist regime in old Russia.
The skit has been arranged as a
setting for a novelty tune, "Mos
cow Mamie," written by the same
authors.
Running the S.A.E. house a
close race for the Ram's Head
trophy, the Delts and the Pi Phis
have combined their forces in a
musical extravaganza for the Gaie
ties, announced Director Frank
O'Neill yesterday.
Written by Bud C'ady and Jim
Corner, the act presents a color
ful scene of regal splendor during
the czarist regime in old Russia.
The skit has been arranged as a
setting for a novelty tune, "Mos
cow Mamie," written by the same
authors.
Running the S.A.E. house a
close race for the Ram's Head
trophy, the Delts and the Pi Phis
have combined their forces in a
musical extravaganza for the Gaie
ties, announced Director Frank
O'Neill yesterday.
Written by Bud C'ady and Jim
Corner, the act presents a color
ful scene of regal splendor during
the czarist regime in old Russia.
The skit has been arranged as a
setting for a novelty tune, "Mos
cow Mamie," written by the same
authors.
Running the S.A.E. house a
close race for the Ram's Head
trophy, the Delts and the Pi Phis
have combined their forces in a
musical extravaganza for the Gaie
ties, announced Director Frank
O'Neill yesterday.
Written by Bud C'ady and Jim
Corner, the act presents a color
ful scene of regal splendor during
the czarist regime in old Russia.
The skit has been arranged as a
setting for a novelty tune, "Mos
cow Mamie," written by the same
authors.
Running the S.A.E. house a
close race for the Ram's Head
trophy, the Delts and the Pi Phis
have combined their forces in a
musical extravaganza for the Gaie
ties, announced Director Frank
O'Neill yesterday.
Written by Bud C'ady and Jim
Corner, the act presents a color
ful scene of regal splendor during
the czarist regime in old Russia.
The skit has been arranged as a
setting for a novelty tune, "Mos
cow Mamie," written by the same
authors.
Running the S.A.E. house a
close race for the Ram's Head
trophy, the Delts and the Pi Phis
have combined their forces in a
musical extravaganza for the Gaie
ties, announced Director Frank
O'Neill yesterday.
Written by Bud C'ady and Jim
Corner, the act presents a color
ful scene of regal splendor during
the czarist regime in old Russia.
The skit has been arranged as a
setting for a novelty tune, "Mos
cow Mamie," written by the same
authors.
