# NYA Time Cards Due November 20
## 
### 
Students working on NYA jobs are
reminded that the second payroll
month this quarter will end on No
vember 19, and that all time cards
for the month must he turned in by
November 20. Mrs. Irene Coverley,
student employment director, an
nounced that release cards for lh'.'
new month will be available from
November 19.
The accounting office and Mrs.
Coverley were unable to say just
when NYA checks for last month
will be ready for distribution, but
their arrival will be promptly an
nounced.
Students working on NYA jobs are
reminded that the second payroll
month this quarter will end on No
vember 19, and that all time cards
for the month must he turned in by
November 20. Mrs. Irene Coverley,
student employment director, an
nounced that release cards for lh'.'
new month will be available from
November 19.
The accounting office and Mrs.
Coverley were unable to say just
when NYA checks for last month
will be ready for distribution, but
their arrival will be promptly an
nounced.
Students working on NYA jobs are
reminded that the second payroll
month this quarter will end on No
vember 19, and that all time cards
for the month must he turned in by
November 20. Mrs. Irene Coverley,
student employment director, an
nounced that release cards for lh'.'
new month will be available from
November 19.
The accounting office and Mrs.
Coverley were unable to say just
when NYA checks for last month
will be ready for distribution, but
their arrival will be promptly an
nounced.
Students working on NYA jobs are
reminded that the second payroll
month this quarter will end on No
vember 19, and that all time cards
for the month must he turned in by
November 20. Mrs. Irene Coverley,
student employment director, an
nounced that release cards for lh'.'
new month will be available from
November 19.
The accounting office and Mrs.
Coverley were unable to say just
when NYA checks for last month
will be ready for distribution, but
their arrival will be promptly an
nounced.
Students working on NYA jobs are
reminded that the second payroll
month this quarter will end on No
vember 19, and that all time cards
for the month must he turned in by
November 20. Mrs. Irene Coverley,
student employment director, an
nounced that release cards for lh'.'
new month will be available from
November 19.
The accounting office and Mrs.
Coverley were unable to say just
when NYA checks for last month
will be ready for distribution, but
their arrival will be promptly an
nounced.
Students working on NYA jobs are
reminded that the second payroll
month this quarter will end on No
vember 19, and that all time cards
for the month must he turned in by
November 20. Mrs. Irene Coverley,
student employment director, an
nounced that release cards for lh'.'
new month will be available from
November 19.
The accounting office and Mrs.
Coverley were unable to say just
when NYA checks for last month
will be ready for distribution, but
their arrival will be promptly an
nounced.
Students working on NYA jobs are
reminded that the second payroll
month this quarter will end on No
vember 19, and that all time cards
for the month must he turned in by
November 20. Mrs. Irene Coverley,
student employment director, an
nounced that release cards for lh'.'
new month will be available from
November 19.
The accounting office and Mrs.
Coverley were unable to say just
when NYA checks for last month
will be ready for distribution, but
their arrival will be promptly an
nounced.
Students working on NYA jobs are
reminded that the second payroll
month this quarter will end on No
vember 19, and that all time cards
for the month must he turned in by
November 20. Mrs. Irene Coverley,
student employment director, an
nounced that release cards for lh'.'
new month will be available from
November 19.
The accounting office and Mrs.
Coverley were unable to say just
when NYA checks for last month
will be ready for distribution, but
their arrival will be promptly an
nounced.
Students working on NYA jobs are
reminded that the second payroll
month this quarter will end on No
vember 19, and that all time cards
for the month must he turned in by
November 20. Mrs. Irene Coverley,
student employment director, an
nounced that release cards for lh'.'
new month will be available from
November 19.
The accounting office and Mrs.
Coverley were unable to say just
when NYA checks for last month
will be ready for distribution, but
their arrival will be promptly an
nounced.
Students working on NYA jobs are
reminded that the second payroll
month this quarter will end on No
vember 19, and that all time cards
for the month must he turned in by
November 20. Mrs. Irene Coverley,
student employment director, an
nounced that release cards for lh'.'
new month will be available from
November 19.
The accounting office and Mrs.
Coverley were unable to say just
when NYA checks for last month
will be ready for distribution, but
their arrival will be promptly an
nounced.
Students working on NYA jobs are
reminded that the second payroll
month this quarter will end on No
vember 19, and that all time cards
for the month must he turned in by
November 20. Mrs. Irene Coverley,
student employment director, an
nounced that release cards for lh'.'
new month will be available from
November 19.
The accounting office and Mrs.
Coverley were unable to say just
when NYA checks for last month
will be ready for distribution, but
their arrival will be promptly an
nounced.
Students working on NYA jobs are
reminded that the second payroll
month this quarter will end on No
vember 19, and that all time cards
for the month must he turned in by
November 20. Mrs. Irene Coverley,
student employment director, an
nounced that release cards for lh'.'
new month will be available from
November 19.
The accounting office and Mrs.
Coverley were unable to say just
when NYA checks for last month
will be ready for distribution, but
their arrival will be promptly an
nounced.
Students working on NYA jobs are
reminded that the second payroll
month this quarter will end on No
vember 19, and that all time cards
for the month must he turned in by
November 20. Mrs. Irene Coverley,
student employment director, an
nounced that release cards for lh'.'
new month will be available from
November 19.
The accounting office and Mrs.
Coverley were unable to say just
when NYA checks for last month
will be ready for distribution, but
their arrival will be promptly an
nounced.
Students working on NYA jobs are
reminded that the second payroll
month this quarter will end on No
vember 19, and that all time cards
for the month must he turned in by
November 20. Mrs. Irene Coverley,
student employment director, an
nounced that release cards for lh'.'
new month will be available from
November 19.
The accounting office and Mrs.
Coverley were unable to say just
when NYA checks for last month
will be ready for distribution, but
their arrival will be promptly an
nounced.
Students working on NYA jobs are
reminded that the second payroll
month this quarter will end on No
vember 19, and that all time cards
for the month must he turned in by
November 20. Mrs. Irene Coverley,
student employment director, an
nounced that release cards for lh'.'
new month will be available from
November 19.
The accounting office and Mrs.
Coverley were unable to say just
when NYA checks for last month
will be ready for distribution, but
their arrival will be promptly an
nounced.
