# Decision Is Sought On Welfare Clause
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Nov. 13 A
defensive ruling on how far the fed
eral government may go under the
"general welfare" clause of the Con
stitution was asked today of the Su
prtme Court.
The request was presented by
government attorneys in a case in
volving validity of the Home Own
ers Loan Act of 1933. Insertion of
the issue was regarded by legal ob
servers as highly important to pend
ing tests of the AAA, TVA, and
other new deal laws now before the
court.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 13 A
defensive ruling on how far the fed
eral government may go under the
"general welfare" clause of the Con
stitution was asked today of the Su
prtme Court.
The request was presented by
government attorneys in a case in
volving validity of the Home Own
ers Loan Act of 1933. Insertion of
the issue was regarded by legal ob
servers as highly important to pend
ing tests of the AAA, TVA, and
other new deal laws now before the
court.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 13 A
defensive ruling on how far the fed
eral government may go under the
"general welfare" clause of the Con
stitution was asked today of the Su
prtme Court.
The request was presented by
government attorneys in a case in
volving validity of the Home Own
ers Loan Act of 1933. Insertion of
the issue was regarded by legal ob
servers as highly important to pend
ing tests of the AAA, TVA, and
other new deal laws now before the
court.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 13 A
defensive ruling on how far the fed
eral government may go under the
"general welfare" clause of the Con
stitution was asked today of the Su
prtme Court.
The request was presented by
government attorneys in a case in
volving validity of the Home Own
ers Loan Act of 1933. Insertion of
the issue was regarded by legal ob
servers as highly important to pend
ing tests of the AAA, TVA, and
other new deal laws now before the
court.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 13 A
defensive ruling on how far the fed
eral government may go under the
"general welfare" clause of the Con
stitution was asked today of the Su
prtme Court.
The request was presented by
government attorneys in a case in
volving validity of the Home Own
ers Loan Act of 1933. Insertion of
the issue was regarded by legal ob
servers as highly important to pend
ing tests of the AAA, TVA, and
other new deal laws now before the
court.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 13 A
defensive ruling on how far the fed
eral government may go under the
"general welfare" clause of the Con
stitution was asked today of the Su
prtme Court.
The request was presented by
government attorneys in a case in
volving validity of the Home Own
ers Loan Act of 1933. Insertion of
the issue was regarded by legal ob
servers as highly important to pend
ing tests of the AAA, TVA, and
other new deal laws now before the
court.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 13 A
defensive ruling on how far the fed
eral government may go under the
"general welfare" clause of the Con
stitution was asked today of the Su
prtme Court.
The request was presented by
government attorneys in a case in
volving validity of the Home Own
ers Loan Act of 1933. Insertion of
the issue was regarded by legal ob
servers as highly important to pend
ing tests of the AAA, TVA, and
other new deal laws now before the
court.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 13 A
defensive ruling on how far the fed
eral government may go under the
"general welfare" clause of the Con
stitution was asked today of the Su
prtme Court.
The request was presented by
government attorneys in a case in
volving validity of the Home Own
ers Loan Act of 1933. Insertion of
the issue was regarded by legal ob
servers as highly important to pend
ing tests of the AAA, TVA, and
other new deal laws now before the
court.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 13 A
defensive ruling on how far the fed
eral government may go under the
"general welfare" clause of the Con
stitution was asked today of the Su
prtme Court.
The request was presented by
government attorneys in a case in
volving validity of the Home Own
ers Loan Act of 1933. Insertion of
the issue was regarded by legal ob
servers as highly important to pend
ing tests of the AAA, TVA, and
other new deal laws now before the
court.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 13 A
defensive ruling on how far the fed
eral government may go under the
"general welfare" clause of the Con
stitution was asked today of the Su
prtme Court.
The request was presented by
government attorneys in a case in
volving validity of the Home Own
ers Loan Act of 1933. Insertion of
the issue was regarded by legal ob
servers as highly important to pend
ing tests of the AAA, TVA, and
other new deal laws now before the
court.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 13 A
defensive ruling on how far the fed
eral government may go under the
"general welfare" clause of the Con
stitution was asked today of the Su
prtme Court.
The request was presented by
government attorneys in a case in
volving validity of the Home Own
ers Loan Act of 1933. Insertion of
the issue was regarded by legal ob
servers as highly important to pend
ing tests of the AAA, TVA, and
other new deal laws now before the
court.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 13 A
defensive ruling on how far the fed
eral government may go under the
"general welfare" clause of the Con
stitution was asked today of the Su
prtme Court.
The request was presented by
government attorneys in a case in
volving validity of the Home Own
ers Loan Act of 1933. Insertion of
the issue was regarded by legal ob
servers as highly important to pend
ing tests of the AAA, TVA, and
other new deal laws now before the
court.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 13 A
defensive ruling on how far the fed
eral government may go under the
"general welfare" clause of the Con
stitution was asked today of the Su
prtme Court.
The request was presented by
government attorneys in a case in
volving validity of the Home Own
ers Loan Act of 1933. Insertion of
the issue was regarded by legal ob
servers as highly important to pend
ing tests of the AAA, TVA, and
other new deal laws now before the
court.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 13 A
defensive ruling on how far the fed
eral government may go under the
"general welfare" clause of the Con
stitution was asked today of the Su
prtme Court.
The request was presented by
government attorneys in a case in
volving validity of the Home Own
ers Loan Act of 1933. Insertion of
the issue was regarded by legal ob
servers as highly important to pend
ing tests of the AAA, TVA, and
other new deal laws now before the
court.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 13 A
defensive ruling on how far the fed
eral government may go under the
"general welfare" clause of the Con
stitution was asked today of the Su
prtme Court.
The request was presented by
government attorneys in a case in
volving validity of the Home Own
ers Loan Act of 1933. Insertion of
the issue was regarded by legal ob
servers as highly important to pend
ing tests of the AAA, TVA, and
other new deal laws now before the
court.
