# Vaccination Slips Must Be Filed Now
## 
### 
Vaccination certificates are due
at the Registrar's Oftiee on Jan.
31 far all new students. Failure
to tile certificates by 5 pm. on
Thursday will result in a line of
$2. if not filed by Feb. 7, regis
tration in the University will be
subject to cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due
at the Registrar's Oftiee on Jan.
31 far all new students. Failure
to tile certificates by 5 pm. on
Thursday will result in a line of
$2. if not filed by Feb. 7, regis
tration in the University will be
subject to cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due
at the Registrar's Oftiee on Jan.
31 far all new students. Failure
to tile certificates by 5 pm. on
Thursday will result in a line of
$2. if not filed by Feb. 7, regis
tration in the University will be
subject to cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due
at the Registrar's Oftiee on Jan.
31 far all new students. Failure
to tile certificates by 5 pm. on
Thursday will result in a line of
$2. if not filed by Feb. 7, regis
tration in the University will be
subject to cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due
at the Registrar's Oftiee on Jan.
31 far all new students. Failure
to tile certificates by 5 pm. on
Thursday will result in a line of
$2. if not filed by Feb. 7, regis
tration in the University will be
subject to cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due
at the Registrar's Oftiee on Jan.
31 far all new students. Failure
to tile certificates by 5 pm. on
Thursday will result in a line of
$2. if not filed by Feb. 7, regis
tration in the University will be
subject to cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due
at the Registrar's Oftiee on Jan.
31 far all new students. Failure
to tile certificates by 5 pm. on
Thursday will result in a line of
$2. if not filed by Feb. 7, regis
tration in the University will be
subject to cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due
at the Registrar's Oftiee on Jan.
31 far all new students. Failure
to tile certificates by 5 pm. on
Thursday will result in a line of
$2. if not filed by Feb. 7, regis
tration in the University will be
subject to cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due
at the Registrar's Oftiee on Jan.
31 far all new students. Failure
to tile certificates by 5 pm. on
Thursday will result in a line of
$2. if not filed by Feb. 7, regis
tration in the University will be
subject to cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due
at the Registrar's Oftiee on Jan.
31 far all new students. Failure
to tile certificates by 5 pm. on
Thursday will result in a line of
$2. if not filed by Feb. 7, regis
tration in the University will be
subject to cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due
at the Registrar's Oftiee on Jan.
31 far all new students. Failure
to tile certificates by 5 pm. on
Thursday will result in a line of
$2. if not filed by Feb. 7, regis
tration in the University will be
subject to cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due
at the Registrar's Oftiee on Jan.
31 far all new students. Failure
to tile certificates by 5 pm. on
Thursday will result in a line of
$2. if not filed by Feb. 7, regis
tration in the University will be
subject to cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due
at the Registrar's Oftiee on Jan.
31 far all new students. Failure
to tile certificates by 5 pm. on
Thursday will result in a line of
$2. if not filed by Feb. 7, regis
tration in the University will be
subject to cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due
at the Registrar's Oftiee on Jan.
31 far all new students. Failure
to tile certificates by 5 pm. on
Thursday will result in a line of
$2. if not filed by Feb. 7, regis
tration in the University will be
subject to cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due
at the Registrar's Oftiee on Jan.
31 far all new students. Failure
to tile certificates by 5 pm. on
Thursday will result in a line of
$2. if not filed by Feb. 7, regis
tration in the University will be
subject to cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due
at the Registrar's Oftiee on Jan.
31 far all new students. Failure
to tile certificates by 5 pm. on
Thursday will result in a line of
$2. if not filed by Feb. 7, regis
tration in the University will be
subject to cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
