# U.C. Track Men Begin Training.
## 
### 
Sixty track men have signed up at
Berkeley for fall training. F. Stan
ton, Hall, Healy and J. Mamiel are
the most prominent of last year's
point winners who have signed up
this semester.
Sixty track men have signed up at
Berkeley for fall training. F. Stan
ton, Hall, Healy and J. Mamiel are
the most prominent of last year's
point winners who have signed up
this semester.
Sixty track men have signed up at
Berkeley for fall training. F. Stan
ton, Hall, Healy and J. Mamiel are
the most prominent of last year's
point winners who have signed up
this semester.
Sixty track men have signed up at
Berkeley for fall training. F. Stan
ton, Hall, Healy and J. Mamiel are
the most prominent of last year's
point winners who have signed up
this semester.
Sixty track men have signed up at
Berkeley for fall training. F. Stan
ton, Hall, Healy and J. Mamiel are
the most prominent of last year's
point winners who have signed up
this semester.
Sixty track men have signed up at
Berkeley for fall training. F. Stan
ton, Hall, Healy and J. Mamiel are
the most prominent of last year's
point winners who have signed up
this semester.
Sixty track men have signed up at
Berkeley for fall training. F. Stan
ton, Hall, Healy and J. Mamiel are
the most prominent of last year's
point winners who have signed up
this semester.
Sixty track men have signed up at
Berkeley for fall training. F. Stan
ton, Hall, Healy and J. Mamiel are
the most prominent of last year's
point winners who have signed up
this semester.
