# Prize for Plug- Ugly Offered.
## 
### 
The Plug Ugly committee, recently
appointed by president C. N. Leach,
met this afternoon and offered a
prize of $25.00 for the best manu
script for the Junior production. The
method of choosing manuscripts will
be somewhat different from former
years. Manuscripts, must be hand
ed to C. N. Leach, who will number
them and then hand them over to the
committee, without giving the names
of the authors. The committee will
then be able to give an unbiased
judgment of the articles submitted.
The Plug Ugly committee, recently
appointed by president C. N. Leach,
met this afternoon and offered a
prize of $25.00 for the best manu
script for the Junior production. The
method of choosing manuscripts will
be somewhat different from former
years. Manuscripts, must be hand
ed to C. N. Leach, who will number
them and then hand them over to the
committee, without giving the names
of the authors. The committee will
then be able to give an unbiased
judgment of the articles submitted.
The Plug Ugly committee, recently
appointed by president C. N. Leach,
met this afternoon and offered a
prize of $25.00 for the best manu
script for the Junior production. The
method of choosing manuscripts will
be somewhat different from former
years. Manuscripts, must be hand
ed to C. N. Leach, who will number
them and then hand them over to the
committee, without giving the names
of the authors. The committee will
then be able to give an unbiased
judgment of the articles submitted.
The Plug Ugly committee, recently
appointed by president C. N. Leach,
met this afternoon and offered a
prize of $25.00 for the best manu
script for the Junior production. The
method of choosing manuscripts will
be somewhat different from former
years. Manuscripts, must be hand
ed to C. N. Leach, who will number
them and then hand them over to the
committee, without giving the names
of the authors. The committee will
then be able to give an unbiased
judgment of the articles submitted.
The Plug Ugly committee, recently
appointed by president C. N. Leach,
met this afternoon and offered a
prize of $25.00 for the best manu
script for the Junior production. The
method of choosing manuscripts will
be somewhat different from former
years. Manuscripts, must be hand
ed to C. N. Leach, who will number
them and then hand them over to the
committee, without giving the names
of the authors. The committee will
then be able to give an unbiased
judgment of the articles submitted.
The Plug Ugly committee, recently
appointed by president C. N. Leach,
met this afternoon and offered a
prize of $25.00 for the best manu
script for the Junior production. The
method of choosing manuscripts will
be somewhat different from former
years. Manuscripts, must be hand
ed to C. N. Leach, who will number
them and then hand them over to the
committee, without giving the names
of the authors. The committee will
then be able to give an unbiased
judgment of the articles submitted.
The Plug Ugly committee, recently
appointed by president C. N. Leach,
met this afternoon and offered a
prize of $25.00 for the best manu
script for the Junior production. The
method of choosing manuscripts will
be somewhat different from former
years. Manuscripts, must be hand
ed to C. N. Leach, who will number
them and then hand them over to the
committee, without giving the names
of the authors. The committee will
then be able to give an unbiased
judgment of the articles submitted.
The Plug Ugly committee, recently
appointed by president C. N. Leach,
met this afternoon and offered a
prize of $25.00 for the best manu
script for the Junior production. The
method of choosing manuscripts will
be somewhat different from former
years. Manuscripts, must be hand
ed to C. N. Leach, who will number
them and then hand them over to the
committee, without giving the names
of the authors. The committee will
then be able to give an unbiased
judgment of the articles submitted.
