# Adv. 6 Page 3
## 
### 
OCf on
3 months in the heart of Europe.
Intensive German language training
Living with German host families.
Total immersion into the German
language and culture. Especially
designed for highly motivated
American students who want to
accomplish a decisive improvement
in their German skills during the
summer.
OCf on
3 months in the heart of Europe.
Intensive German language training
Living with German host families.
Total immersion into the German
language and culture. Especially
designed for highly motivated
American students who want to
accomplish a decisive improvement
in their German skills during the
summer.
OCf on
3 months in the heart of Europe.
Intensive German language training
Living with German host families.
Total immersion into the German
language and culture. Especially
designed for highly motivated
American students who want to
accomplish a decisive improvement
in their German skills during the
summer.
OCf on
3 months in the heart of Europe.
Intensive German language training
Living with German host families.
Total immersion into the German
language and culture. Especially
designed for highly motivated
American students who want to
accomplish a decisive improvement
in their German skills during the
summer.
OCf on
3 months in the heart of Europe.
Intensive German language training
Living with German host families.
Total immersion into the German
language and culture. Especially
designed for highly motivated
American students who want to
accomplish a decisive improvement
in their German skills during the
summer.
OCf on
3 months in the heart of Europe.
Intensive German language training
Living with German host families.
Total immersion into the German
language and culture. Especially
designed for highly motivated
American students who want to
accomplish a decisive improvement
in their German skills during the
summer.
OCf on
3 months in the heart of Europe.
Intensive German language training
Living with German host families.
Total immersion into the German
language and culture. Especially
designed for highly motivated
American students who want to
accomplish a decisive improvement
in their German skills during the
summer.
OCf on
3 months in the heart of Europe.
Intensive German language training
Living with German host families.
Total immersion into the German
language and culture. Especially
designed for highly motivated
American students who want to
accomplish a decisive improvement
in their German skills during the
summer.
