# Research Speakers
## 
### 
•Professor Arthur C. Howard and
Professor Robert A. Horn will speak
at the Research Club of Stanford
University tonight at 8 in the Fac
ulty Men's Clubhouse.
Howard, a geologist, will speak on
"Photogeology," and Dr. Horn, a po
litical scientist, will have as his
topic "Groups and the American
Constitution: Freedom of Associa
tion."
•Professor Arthur C. Howard and
Professor Robert A. Horn will speak
at the Research Club of Stanford
University tonight at 8 in the Fac
ulty Men's Clubhouse.
Howard, a geologist, will speak on
"Photogeology," and Dr. Horn, a po
litical scientist, will have as his
topic "Groups and the American
Constitution: Freedom of Associa
tion."
•Professor Arthur C. Howard and
Professor Robert A. Horn will speak
at the Research Club of Stanford
University tonight at 8 in the Fac
ulty Men's Clubhouse.
Howard, a geologist, will speak on
"Photogeology," and Dr. Horn, a po
litical scientist, will have as his
topic "Groups and the American
Constitution: Freedom of Associa
tion."
•Professor Arthur C. Howard and
Professor Robert A. Horn will speak
at the Research Club of Stanford
University tonight at 8 in the Fac
ulty Men's Clubhouse.
Howard, a geologist, will speak on
"Photogeology," and Dr. Horn, a po
litical scientist, will have as his
topic "Groups and the American
Constitution: Freedom of Associa
tion."
•Professor Arthur C. Howard and
Professor Robert A. Horn will speak
at the Research Club of Stanford
University tonight at 8 in the Fac
ulty Men's Clubhouse.
Howard, a geologist, will speak on
"Photogeology," and Dr. Horn, a po
litical scientist, will have as his
topic "Groups and the American
Constitution: Freedom of Associa
tion."
•Professor Arthur C. Howard and
Professor Robert A. Horn will speak
at the Research Club of Stanford
University tonight at 8 in the Fac
ulty Men's Clubhouse.
Howard, a geologist, will speak on
"Photogeology," and Dr. Horn, a po
litical scientist, will have as his
topic "Groups and the American
Constitution: Freedom of Associa
tion."
•Professor Arthur C. Howard and
Professor Robert A. Horn will speak
at the Research Club of Stanford
University tonight at 8 in the Fac
ulty Men's Clubhouse.
Howard, a geologist, will speak on
"Photogeology," and Dr. Horn, a po
litical scientist, will have as his
topic "Groups and the American
Constitution: Freedom of Associa
tion."
•Professor Arthur C. Howard and
Professor Robert A. Horn will speak
at the Research Club of Stanford
University tonight at 8 in the Fac
ulty Men's Clubhouse.
Howard, a geologist, will speak on
"Photogeology," and Dr. Horn, a po
litical scientist, will have as his
topic "Groups and the American
Constitution: Freedom of Associa
tion."
•Professor Arthur C. Howard and
Professor Robert A. Horn will speak
at the Research Club of Stanford
University tonight at 8 in the Fac
ulty Men's Clubhouse.
Howard, a geologist, will speak on
"Photogeology," and Dr. Horn, a po
litical scientist, will have as his
topic "Groups and the American
Constitution: Freedom of Associa
tion."
•Professor Arthur C. Howard and
Professor Robert A. Horn will speak
at the Research Club of Stanford
University tonight at 8 in the Fac
ulty Men's Clubhouse.
Howard, a geologist, will speak on
"Photogeology," and Dr. Horn, a po
litical scientist, will have as his
topic "Groups and the American
Constitution: Freedom of Associa
tion."
•Professor Arthur C. Howard and
Professor Robert A. Horn will speak
at the Research Club of Stanford
University tonight at 8 in the Fac
ulty Men's Clubhouse.
Howard, a geologist, will speak on
"Photogeology," and Dr. Horn, a po
litical scientist, will have as his
topic "Groups and the American
Constitution: Freedom of Associa
tion."
•Professor Arthur C. Howard and
Professor Robert A. Horn will speak
at the Research Club of Stanford
University tonight at 8 in the Fac
ulty Men's Clubhouse.
Howard, a geologist, will speak on
"Photogeology," and Dr. Horn, a po
litical scientist, will have as his
topic "Groups and the American
Constitution: Freedom of Associa
tion."
•Professor Arthur C. Howard and
Professor Robert A. Horn will speak
at the Research Club of Stanford
University tonight at 8 in the Fac
ulty Men's Clubhouse.
Howard, a geologist, will speak on
"Photogeology," and Dr. Horn, a po
litical scientist, will have as his
topic "Groups and the American
Constitution: Freedom of Associa
tion."
•Professor Arthur C. Howard and
Professor Robert A. Horn will speak
at the Research Club of Stanford
University tonight at 8 in the Fac
ulty Men's Clubhouse.
Howard, a geologist, will speak on
"Photogeology," and Dr. Horn, a po
litical scientist, will have as his
topic "Groups and the American
Constitution: Freedom of Associa
tion."
