# Education Tea
## 
### 
A tea for all students in secondary
education will be held today in the
lounge of Cubberley from 3 to 4:30
p.m.
Tijd Hucklebridge, president ol the
Education Council, will be meeting
quests at the door. Refreshments
will be served.
A tea for all students in secondary
education will be held today in the
lounge of Cubberley from 3 to 4:30
p.m.
Tijd Hucklebridge, president ol the
Education Council, will be meeting
quests at the door. Refreshments
will be served.
A tea for all students in secondary
education will be held today in the
lounge of Cubberley from 3 to 4:30
p.m.
Tijd Hucklebridge, president ol the
Education Council, will be meeting
quests at the door. Refreshments
will be served.
A tea for all students in secondary
education will be held today in the
lounge of Cubberley from 3 to 4:30
p.m.
Tijd Hucklebridge, president ol the
Education Council, will be meeting
quests at the door. Refreshments
will be served.
A tea for all students in secondary
education will be held today in the
lounge of Cubberley from 3 to 4:30
p.m.
Tijd Hucklebridge, president ol the
Education Council, will be meeting
quests at the door. Refreshments
will be served.
A tea for all students in secondary
education will be held today in the
lounge of Cubberley from 3 to 4:30
p.m.
Tijd Hucklebridge, president ol the
Education Council, will be meeting
quests at the door. Refreshments
will be served.
A tea for all students in secondary
education will be held today in the
lounge of Cubberley from 3 to 4:30
p.m.
Tijd Hucklebridge, president ol the
Education Council, will be meeting
quests at the door. Refreshments
will be served.
A tea for all students in secondary
education will be held today in the
lounge of Cubberley from 3 to 4:30
p.m.
Tijd Hucklebridge, president ol the
Education Council, will be meeting
quests at the door. Refreshments
will be served.
A tea for all students in secondary
education will be held today in the
lounge of Cubberley from 3 to 4:30
p.m.
Tijd Hucklebridge, president ol the
Education Council, will be meeting
quests at the door. Refreshments
will be served.
A tea for all students in secondary
education will be held today in the
lounge of Cubberley from 3 to 4:30
p.m.
Tijd Hucklebridge, president ol the
Education Council, will be meeting
quests at the door. Refreshments
will be served.
A tea for all students in secondary
education will be held today in the
lounge of Cubberley from 3 to 4:30
p.m.
Tijd Hucklebridge, president ol the
Education Council, will be meeting
quests at the door. Refreshments
will be served.
A tea for all students in secondary
education will be held today in the
lounge of Cubberley from 3 to 4:30
p.m.
Tijd Hucklebridge, president ol the
Education Council, will be meeting
quests at the door. Refreshments
will be served.
A tea for all students in secondary
education will be held today in the
lounge of Cubberley from 3 to 4:30
p.m.
Tijd Hucklebridge, president ol the
Education Council, will be meeting
quests at the door. Refreshments
will be served.
A tea for all students in secondary
education will be held today in the
lounge of Cubberley from 3 to 4:30
p.m.
Tijd Hucklebridge, president ol the
Education Council, will be meeting
quests at the door. Refreshments
will be served.
