# Untitled Article
## 
### 
R. L. Murray, '13, will meet John
Strachan in the final of the Bay Coun
ties tennis championship, as a .result
of disposing of Weiss and Batkvn in
the earlier rounds.
R. L. Murray, '13, will meet John
Strachan in the final of the Bay Coun
ties tennis championship, as a .result
of disposing of Weiss and Batkvn in
the earlier rounds.
R. L. Murray, '13, will meet John
Strachan in the final of the Bay Coun
ties tennis championship, as a .result
of disposing of Weiss and Batkvn in
the earlier rounds.
R. L. Murray, '13, will meet John
Strachan in the final of the Bay Coun
ties tennis championship, as a .result
of disposing of Weiss and Batkvn in
the earlier rounds.
R. L. Murray, '13, will meet John
Strachan in the final of the Bay Coun
ties tennis championship, as a .result
of disposing of Weiss and Batkvn in
the earlier rounds.
R. L. Murray, '13, will meet John
Strachan in the final of the Bay Coun
ties tennis championship, as a .result
of disposing of Weiss and Batkvn in
the earlier rounds.
R. L. Murray, '13, will meet John
Strachan in the final of the Bay Coun
ties tennis championship, as a .result
of disposing of Weiss and Batkvn in
the earlier rounds.
R. L. Murray, '13, will meet John
Strachan in the final of the Bay Coun
ties tennis championship, as a .result
of disposing of Weiss and Batkvn in
the earlier rounds.
R. L. Murray, '13, will meet John
Strachan in the final of the Bay Coun
ties tennis championship, as a .result
of disposing of Weiss and Batkvn in
the earlier rounds.
R. L. Murray, '13, will meet John
Strachan in the final of the Bay Coun
ties tennis championship, as a .result
of disposing of Weiss and Batkvn in
the earlier rounds.
R. L. Murray, '13, will meet John
Strachan in the final of the Bay Coun
ties tennis championship, as a .result
of disposing of Weiss and Batkvn in
the earlier rounds.
R. L. Murray, '13, will meet John
Strachan in the final of the Bay Coun
ties tennis championship, as a .result
of disposing of Weiss and Batkvn in
the earlier rounds.
R. L. Murray, '13, will meet John
Strachan in the final of the Bay Coun
ties tennis championship, as a .result
of disposing of Weiss and Batkvn in
the earlier rounds.
R. L. Murray, '13, will meet John
Strachan in the final of the Bay Coun
ties tennis championship, as a .result
of disposing of Weiss and Batkvn in
the earlier rounds.
