# Washington Protests British Prize.
## 
### 
United Press Telegraphic Report
Washington. October 21.—The De
partment of State has sent a formal
protest to the English government con
cerning their unwarranted seizure of
the Standard Oil tanker, owned by
John D. Rockerfeller, and bound for
Copenhagen, Denmark, from New
York. The vessel was of American
bottom, carried a cargo of petroleum,
and never had been in foreign regis
try. The tanker was captured off the
Orkney Islands by a British cruiser.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Washington. October 21.—The De
partment of State has sent a formal
protest to the English government con
cerning their unwarranted seizure of
the Standard Oil tanker, owned by
John D. Rockerfeller, and bound for
Copenhagen, Denmark, from New
York. The vessel was of American
bottom, carried a cargo of petroleum,
and never had been in foreign regis
try. The tanker was captured off the
Orkney Islands by a British cruiser.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Washington. October 21.—The De
partment of State has sent a formal
protest to the English government con
cerning their unwarranted seizure of
the Standard Oil tanker, owned by
John D. Rockerfeller, and bound for
Copenhagen, Denmark, from New
York. The vessel was of American
bottom, carried a cargo of petroleum,
and never had been in foreign regis
try. The tanker was captured off the
Orkney Islands by a British cruiser.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Washington. October 21.—The De
partment of State has sent a formal
protest to the English government con
cerning their unwarranted seizure of
the Standard Oil tanker, owned by
John D. Rockerfeller, and bound for
Copenhagen, Denmark, from New
York. The vessel was of American
bottom, carried a cargo of petroleum,
and never had been in foreign regis
try. The tanker was captured off the
Orkney Islands by a British cruiser.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Washington. October 21.—The De
partment of State has sent a formal
protest to the English government con
cerning their unwarranted seizure of
the Standard Oil tanker, owned by
John D. Rockerfeller, and bound for
Copenhagen, Denmark, from New
York. The vessel was of American
bottom, carried a cargo of petroleum,
and never had been in foreign regis
try. The tanker was captured off the
Orkney Islands by a British cruiser.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Washington. October 21.—The De
partment of State has sent a formal
protest to the English government con
cerning their unwarranted seizure of
the Standard Oil tanker, owned by
John D. Rockerfeller, and bound for
Copenhagen, Denmark, from New
York. The vessel was of American
bottom, carried a cargo of petroleum,
and never had been in foreign regis
try. The tanker was captured off the
Orkney Islands by a British cruiser.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Washington. October 21.—The De
partment of State has sent a formal
protest to the English government con
cerning their unwarranted seizure of
the Standard Oil tanker, owned by
John D. Rockerfeller, and bound for
Copenhagen, Denmark, from New
York. The vessel was of American
bottom, carried a cargo of petroleum,
and never had been in foreign regis
try. The tanker was captured off the
Orkney Islands by a British cruiser.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Washington. October 21.—The De
partment of State has sent a formal
protest to the English government con
cerning their unwarranted seizure of
the Standard Oil tanker, owned by
John D. Rockerfeller, and bound for
Copenhagen, Denmark, from New
York. The vessel was of American
bottom, carried a cargo of petroleum,
and never had been in foreign regis
try. The tanker was captured off the
Orkney Islands by a British cruiser.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Washington. October 21.—The De
partment of State has sent a formal
protest to the English government con
cerning their unwarranted seizure of
the Standard Oil tanker, owned by
John D. Rockerfeller, and bound for
Copenhagen, Denmark, from New
York. The vessel was of American
bottom, carried a cargo of petroleum,
and never had been in foreign regis
try. The tanker was captured off the
Orkney Islands by a British cruiser.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Washington. October 21.—The De
partment of State has sent a formal
protest to the English government con
cerning their unwarranted seizure of
the Standard Oil tanker, owned by
John D. Rockerfeller, and bound for
Copenhagen, Denmark, from New
York. The vessel was of American
bottom, carried a cargo of petroleum,
and never had been in foreign regis
try. The tanker was captured off the
Orkney Islands by a British cruiser.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Washington. October 21.—The De
partment of State has sent a formal
protest to the English government con
cerning their unwarranted seizure of
the Standard Oil tanker, owned by
John D. Rockerfeller, and bound for
Copenhagen, Denmark, from New
York. The vessel was of American
bottom, carried a cargo of petroleum,
and never had been in foreign regis
try. The tanker was captured off the
Orkney Islands by a British cruiser.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Washington. October 21.—The De
partment of State has sent a formal
protest to the English government con
cerning their unwarranted seizure of
the Standard Oil tanker, owned by
John D. Rockerfeller, and bound for
Copenhagen, Denmark, from New
York. The vessel was of American
bottom, carried a cargo of petroleum,
and never had been in foreign regis
try. The tanker was captured off the
Orkney Islands by a British cruiser.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Washington. October 21.—The De
partment of State has sent a formal
protest to the English government con
cerning their unwarranted seizure of
the Standard Oil tanker, owned by
John D. Rockerfeller, and bound for
Copenhagen, Denmark, from New
York. The vessel was of American
bottom, carried a cargo of petroleum,
and never had been in foreign regis
try. The tanker was captured off the
Orkney Islands by a British cruiser.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Washington. October 21.—The De
partment of State has sent a formal
protest to the English government con
cerning their unwarranted seizure of
the Standard Oil tanker, owned by
John D. Rockerfeller, and bound for
Copenhagen, Denmark, from New
York. The vessel was of American
bottom, carried a cargo of petroleum,
and never had been in foreign regis
try. The tanker was captured off the
Orkney Islands by a British cruiser.
