# MAY PLAY RUGBY SATURDAY
## 
### 
Stanford's rugby fifteen will stage a
practice match Saturday with either the
Olympic Club team or the Palo Alto
Athletic Club on the Stanford turf.
Coach "Pete" Flanigan is working hard
with his pack and the forwards are now
beginning to work together as a result
of his efforts and are showing mid-sea
son form. The backfield has been work
ing with regular precision and Flanigan
is ready to back them against California
at any time.
Patrick at wing forward and Watts,
Clark, Van Cliffe, Henry and Wrenn are
some of the forwards that arc showing

up well at present. All of these men are
heavy, and from the present outlook
Stanford will have a scrum that will be
able to hold its own against any opposi
tion.
Captain Doe, Long, Sheldon, Parker,
Repath and Falk are working to the sat
isfaction of Coach Flanigan. All of these
men are fast and are experienced hack
field men. With this combination work
ing right, Flanigan should have a well
oiled scoring machine going this season.
Holt of last fall's American team and
Paul Kinney are the candidates for full
back. Both of these men will be given
opportunities in Saturday's contest.
