# Williams, Winter Named Co-captains Of Freshman Nine
## 
### 
The Papoose battery of pitcher
Dick Williams and catcher Jay
Winter were elected co-captains
of the frosh nine according to
yearling coach Dick Clegg.
Williams, a graduate of Gross
mont High School in La Mesa,
has hurled 31 innings this spring
without allowing an earned run.
In addition to shutting out Cali
fornia 7-0 last Saturday at Berke
ley he blasted a two-run homer.
He currently leads all Card bat
ters with 13 hits in 24 at-bats for
an amazing .542 batting average.
Winter, who hails from San
Gabriel, attended Alhambra High
School. Winter has had his
troubles at the plate this season
but aaginst the Bear Cubs last
Saturday he finally found his
"batting eye." In three trips to
the plate the Papoose catcher
pounded out a single, a double
and a triple and was credited
with knocking in three of the lit
tle Indians' seven runs.
The Papoose battery of pitcher
Dick Williams and catcher Jay
Winter were elected co-captains
of the frosh nine according to
yearling coach Dick Clegg.
Williams, a graduate of Gross
mont High School in La Mesa,
has hurled 31 innings this spring
without allowing an earned run.
In addition to shutting out Cali
fornia 7-0 last Saturday at Berke
ley he blasted a two-run homer.
He currently leads all Card bat
ters with 13 hits in 24 at-bats for
an amazing .542 batting average.
Winter, who hails from San
Gabriel, attended Alhambra High
School. Winter has had his
troubles at the plate this season
but aaginst the Bear Cubs last
Saturday he finally found his
"batting eye." In three trips to
the plate the Papoose catcher
pounded out a single, a double
and a triple and was credited
with knocking in three of the lit
tle Indians' seven runs.
The Papoose battery of pitcher
Dick Williams and catcher Jay
Winter were elected co-captains
of the frosh nine according to
yearling coach Dick Clegg.
Williams, a graduate of Gross
mont High School in La Mesa,
has hurled 31 innings this spring
without allowing an earned run.
In addition to shutting out Cali
fornia 7-0 last Saturday at Berke
ley he blasted a two-run homer.
He currently leads all Card bat
ters with 13 hits in 24 at-bats for
an amazing .542 batting average.
Winter, who hails from San
Gabriel, attended Alhambra High
School. Winter has had his
troubles at the plate this season
but aaginst the Bear Cubs last
Saturday he finally found his
"batting eye." In three trips to
the plate the Papoose catcher
pounded out a single, a double
and a triple and was credited
with knocking in three of the lit
tle Indians' seven runs.
The Papoose battery of pitcher
Dick Williams and catcher Jay
Winter were elected co-captains
of the frosh nine according to
yearling coach Dick Clegg.
Williams, a graduate of Gross
mont High School in La Mesa,
has hurled 31 innings this spring
without allowing an earned run.
In addition to shutting out Cali
fornia 7-0 last Saturday at Berke
ley he blasted a two-run homer.
He currently leads all Card bat
ters with 13 hits in 24 at-bats for
an amazing .542 batting average.
Winter, who hails from San
Gabriel, attended Alhambra High
School. Winter has had his
troubles at the plate this season
but aaginst the Bear Cubs last
Saturday he finally found his
"batting eye." In three trips to
the plate the Papoose catcher
pounded out a single, a double
and a triple and was credited
with knocking in three of the lit
tle Indians' seven runs.
The Papoose battery of pitcher
Dick Williams and catcher Jay
Winter were elected co-captains
of the frosh nine according to
yearling coach Dick Clegg.
Williams, a graduate of Gross
mont High School in La Mesa,
has hurled 31 innings this spring
without allowing an earned run.
In addition to shutting out Cali
fornia 7-0 last Saturday at Berke
ley he blasted a two-run homer.
He currently leads all Card bat
ters with 13 hits in 24 at-bats for
an amazing .542 batting average.
Winter, who hails from San
Gabriel, attended Alhambra High
School. Winter has had his
troubles at the plate this season
but aaginst the Bear Cubs last
Saturday he finally found his
"batting eye." In three trips to
the plate the Papoose catcher
pounded out a single, a double
and a triple and was credited
with knocking in three of the lit
tle Indians' seven runs.
The Papoose battery of pitcher
Dick Williams and catcher Jay
Winter were elected co-captains
of the frosh nine according to
yearling coach Dick Clegg.
Williams, a graduate of Gross
mont High School in La Mesa,
has hurled 31 innings this spring
without allowing an earned run.
In addition to shutting out Cali
fornia 7-0 last Saturday at Berke
ley he blasted a two-run homer.
He currently leads all Card bat
ters with 13 hits in 24 at-bats for
an amazing .542 batting average.
Winter, who hails from San
Gabriel, attended Alhambra High
School. Winter has had his
troubles at the plate this season
but aaginst the Bear Cubs last
Saturday he finally found his
"batting eye." In three trips to
the plate the Papoose catcher
pounded out a single, a double
and a triple and was credited
with knocking in three of the lit
tle Indians' seven runs.
The Papoose battery of pitcher
Dick Williams and catcher Jay
Winter were elected co-captains
of the frosh nine according to
yearling coach Dick Clegg.
Williams, a graduate of Gross
mont High School in La Mesa,
has hurled 31 innings this spring
without allowing an earned run.
In addition to shutting out Cali
fornia 7-0 last Saturday at Berke
ley he blasted a two-run homer.
He currently leads all Card bat
ters with 13 hits in 24 at-bats for
an amazing .542 batting average.
Winter, who hails from San
Gabriel, attended Alhambra High
School. Winter has had his
troubles at the plate this season
but aaginst the Bear Cubs last
Saturday he finally found his
"batting eye." In three trips to
the plate the Papoose catcher
pounded out a single, a double
and a triple and was credited
with knocking in three of the lit
tle Indians' seven runs.
The Papoose battery of pitcher
Dick Williams and catcher Jay
Winter were elected co-captains
of the frosh nine according to
yearling coach Dick Clegg.
Williams, a graduate of Gross
mont High School in La Mesa,
has hurled 31 innings this spring
without allowing an earned run.
In addition to shutting out Cali
fornia 7-0 last Saturday at Berke
ley he blasted a two-run homer.
He currently leads all Card bat
ters with 13 hits in 24 at-bats for
an amazing .542 batting average.
Winter, who hails from San
Gabriel, attended Alhambra High
School. Winter has had his
troubles at the plate this season
but aaginst the Bear Cubs last
Saturday he finally found his
"batting eye." In three trips to
the plate the Papoose catcher
pounded out a single, a double
and a triple and was credited
with knocking in three of the lit
tle Indians' seven runs.
The Papoose battery of pitcher
Dick Williams and catcher Jay
Winter were elected co-captains
of the frosh nine according to
yearling coach Dick Clegg.
Williams, a graduate of Gross
mont High School in La Mesa,
has hurled 31 innings this spring
without allowing an earned run.
In addition to shutting out Cali
fornia 7-0 last Saturday at Berke
ley he blasted a two-run homer.
He currently leads all Card bat
ters with 13 hits in 24 at-bats for
an amazing .542 batting average.
Winter, who hails from San
Gabriel, attended Alhambra High
School. Winter has had his
troubles at the plate this season
but aaginst the Bear Cubs last
Saturday he finally found his
"batting eye." In three trips to
the plate the Papoose catcher
pounded out a single, a double
and a triple and was credited
with knocking in three of the lit
tle Indians' seven runs.
The Papoose battery of pitcher
Dick Williams and catcher Jay
Winter were elected co-captains
of the frosh nine according to
yearling coach Dick Clegg.
Williams, a graduate of Gross
mont High School in La Mesa,
has hurled 31 innings this spring
without allowing an earned run.
In addition to shutting out Cali
fornia 7-0 last Saturday at Berke
ley he blasted a two-run homer.
He currently leads all Card bat
ters with 13 hits in 24 at-bats for
an amazing .542 batting average.
Winter, who hails from San
Gabriel, attended Alhambra High
School. Winter has had his
troubles at the plate this season
but aaginst the Bear Cubs last
Saturday he finally found his
"batting eye." In three trips to
the plate the Papoose catcher
pounded out a single, a double
and a triple and was credited
with knocking in three of the lit
tle Indians' seven runs.
The Papoose battery of pitcher
Dick Williams and catcher Jay
Winter were elected co-captains
of the frosh nine according to
yearling coach Dick Clegg.
Williams, a graduate of Gross
mont High School in La Mesa,
has hurled 31 innings this spring
without allowing an earned run.
In addition to shutting out Cali
fornia 7-0 last Saturday at Berke
ley he blasted a two-run homer.
He currently leads all Card bat
ters with 13 hits in 24 at-bats for
an amazing .542 batting average.
Winter, who hails from San
Gabriel, attended Alhambra High
School. Winter has had his
troubles at the plate this season
but aaginst the Bear Cubs last
Saturday he finally found his
"batting eye." In three trips to
the plate the Papoose catcher
pounded out a single, a double
and a triple and was credited
with knocking in three of the lit
tle Indians' seven runs.
The Papoose battery of pitcher
Dick Williams and catcher Jay
Winter were elected co-captains
of the frosh nine according to
yearling coach Dick Clegg.
Williams, a graduate of Gross
mont High School in La Mesa,
has hurled 31 innings this spring
without allowing an earned run.
In addition to shutting out Cali
fornia 7-0 last Saturday at Berke
ley he blasted a two-run homer.
He currently leads all Card bat
ters with 13 hits in 24 at-bats for
an amazing .542 batting average.
Winter, who hails from San
Gabriel, attended Alhambra High
School. Winter has had his
troubles at the plate this season
but aaginst the Bear Cubs last
Saturday he finally found his
"batting eye." In three trips to
the plate the Papoose catcher
pounded out a single, a double
and a triple and was credited
with knocking in three of the lit
tle Indians' seven runs.
The Papoose battery of pitcher
Dick Williams and catcher Jay
Winter were elected co-captains
of the frosh nine according to
yearling coach Dick Clegg.
Williams, a graduate of Gross
mont High School in La Mesa,
has hurled 31 innings this spring
without allowing an earned run.
In addition to shutting out Cali
fornia 7-0 last Saturday at Berke
ley he blasted a two-run homer.
He currently leads all Card bat
ters with 13 hits in 24 at-bats for
an amazing .542 batting average.
Winter, who hails from San
Gabriel, attended Alhambra High
School. Winter has had his
troubles at the plate this season
but aaginst the Bear Cubs last
Saturday he finally found his
"batting eye." In three trips to
the plate the Papoose catcher
pounded out a single, a double
and a triple and was credited
with knocking in three of the lit
tle Indians' seven runs.
The Papoose battery of pitcher
Dick Williams and catcher Jay
Winter were elected co-captains
of the frosh nine according to
yearling coach Dick Clegg.
Williams, a graduate of Gross
mont High School in La Mesa,
has hurled 31 innings this spring
without allowing an earned run.
In addition to shutting out Cali
fornia 7-0 last Saturday at Berke
ley he blasted a two-run homer.
He currently leads all Card bat
ters with 13 hits in 24 at-bats for
an amazing .542 batting average.
Winter, who hails from San
Gabriel, attended Alhambra High
School. Winter has had his
troubles at the plate this season
but aaginst the Bear Cubs last
Saturday he finally found his
"batting eye." In three trips to
the plate the Papoose catcher
pounded out a single, a double
and a triple and was credited
with knocking in three of the lit
tle Indians' seven runs.
The Papoose battery of pitcher
Dick Williams and catcher Jay
Winter were elected co-captains
of the frosh nine according to
yearling coach Dick Clegg.
Williams, a graduate of Gross
mont High School in La Mesa,
has hurled 31 innings this spring
without allowing an earned run.
In addition to shutting out Cali
fornia 7-0 last Saturday at Berke
ley he blasted a two-run homer.
He currently leads all Card bat
ters with 13 hits in 24 at-bats for
an amazing .542 batting average.
Winter, who hails from San
Gabriel, attended Alhambra High
School. Winter has had his
troubles at the plate this season
but aaginst the Bear Cubs last
Saturday he finally found his
"batting eye." In three trips to
the plate the Papoose catcher
pounded out a single, a double
and a triple and was credited
with knocking in three of the lit
tle Indians' seven runs.
The Papoose battery of pitcher
Dick Williams and catcher Jay
Winter were elected co-captains
of the frosh nine according to
yearling coach Dick Clegg.
Williams, a graduate of Gross
mont High School in La Mesa,
has hurled 31 innings this spring
without allowing an earned run.
In addition to shutting out Cali
fornia 7-0 last Saturday at Berke
ley he blasted a two-run homer.
He currently leads all Card bat
ters with 13 hits in 24 at-bats for
an amazing .542 batting average.
Winter, who hails from San
Gabriel, attended Alhambra High
School. Winter has had his
troubles at the plate this season
but aaginst the Bear Cubs last
Saturday he finally found his
"batting eye." In three trips to
the plate the Papoose catcher
pounded out a single, a double
and a triple and was credited
with knocking in three of the lit
tle Indians' seven runs.
