# Carnot Positions.
## 
### 
The positions assigned to the
Stanford debaters by the drawing
made last week make F. Wagner
second affirmative, Rice first neg
ative, and Jones last negative. Ac
cording to the Californian the
positions have apparently been
drawn a second time in San Fran
cisco, the result being that the
places of Rice and Wagner are
transposed, the former taking the
affirmative and the latter the neg
ative. Just where the mistake lies
is not yet disclosed. But the orig
inal assignments will probably
stand.
For California, 11. L. Rothehild
is first affirmative, F. M. Allen
second negative, and L. E. Martin
third affirmative. The contest will
take place in Hearst Hall at
Berkeley, February 14th. Space is
so limited that admission by ticket
is being talked of. A section will
be reserved for the Stanford delega
tion, however, and the Cardinal
contingent need have no fear of
being crowded out.
