# Preliminaries Next Week.
## 
### 
The Intercollegiate preliminaries
will be held on the evenings of Feb
ruary Oth, 7th, and Bth, Thursday,
Friday, and Saturday, at 7:30 p.m.
in the chapel. The debates may be
condensed to two evenings. At
these preliminaries eight men will
be chosen, who, with the four Car
not debaters, will enter the Inter
collegiate trials from which two
teams of four men each will be
chosen, one to represent Stanford
against Berkeley and the other to
meet Washington.
The Intercollegiate preliminaries
will be held on the evenings of Feb
ruary Oth, 7th, and Bth, Thursday,
Friday, and Saturday, at 7:30 p.m.
in the chapel. The debates may be
condensed to two evenings. At
these preliminaries eight men will
be chosen, who, with the four Car
not debaters, will enter the Inter
collegiate trials from which two
teams of four men each will be
chosen, one to represent Stanford
against Berkeley and the other to
meet Washington.
The Intercollegiate preliminaries
will be held on the evenings of Feb
ruary Oth, 7th, and Bth, Thursday,
Friday, and Saturday, at 7:30 p.m.
in the chapel. The debates may be
condensed to two evenings. At
these preliminaries eight men will
be chosen, who, with the four Car
not debaters, will enter the Inter
collegiate trials from which two
teams of four men each will be
chosen, one to represent Stanford
against Berkeley and the other to
meet Washington.
The Intercollegiate preliminaries
will be held on the evenings of Feb
ruary Oth, 7th, and Bth, Thursday,
Friday, and Saturday, at 7:30 p.m.
in the chapel. The debates may be
condensed to two evenings. At
these preliminaries eight men will
be chosen, who, with the four Car
not debaters, will enter the Inter
collegiate trials from which two
teams of four men each will be
chosen, one to represent Stanford
against Berkeley and the other to
meet Washington.
The Intercollegiate preliminaries
will be held on the evenings of Feb
ruary Oth, 7th, and Bth, Thursday,
Friday, and Saturday, at 7:30 p.m.
in the chapel. The debates may be
condensed to two evenings. At
these preliminaries eight men will
be chosen, who, with the four Car
not debaters, will enter the Inter
collegiate trials from which two
teams of four men each will be
chosen, one to represent Stanford
against Berkeley and the other to
meet Washington.
The Intercollegiate preliminaries
will be held on the evenings of Feb
ruary Oth, 7th, and Bth, Thursday,
Friday, and Saturday, at 7:30 p.m.
in the chapel. The debates may be
condensed to two evenings. At
these preliminaries eight men will
be chosen, who, with the four Car
not debaters, will enter the Inter
collegiate trials from which two
teams of four men each will be
chosen, one to represent Stanford
against Berkeley and the other to
meet Washington.
The Intercollegiate preliminaries
will be held on the evenings of Feb
ruary Oth, 7th, and Bth, Thursday,
Friday, and Saturday, at 7:30 p.m.
in the chapel. The debates may be
condensed to two evenings. At
these preliminaries eight men will
be chosen, who, with the four Car
not debaters, will enter the Inter
collegiate trials from which two
teams of four men each will be
chosen, one to represent Stanford
against Berkeley and the other to
meet Washington.
The Intercollegiate preliminaries
will be held on the evenings of Feb
ruary Oth, 7th, and Bth, Thursday,
Friday, and Saturday, at 7:30 p.m.
in the chapel. The debates may be
condensed to two evenings. At
these preliminaries eight men will
be chosen, who, with the four Car
not debaters, will enter the Inter
collegiate trials from which two
teams of four men each will be
chosen, one to represent Stanford
against Berkeley and the other to
meet Washington.
