# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Ik you don't want the post-office
t;iken from the campus, sign one of
the petitions being circulated to
prevent it.
Ik you don't want the post-office
t;iken from the campus, sign one of
the petitions being circulated to
prevent it.
Ik you don't want the post-office
t;iken from the campus, sign one of
the petitions being circulated to
prevent it.
Ik you don't want the post-office
t;iken from the campus, sign one of
the petitions being circulated to
prevent it.
Ik you don't want the post-office
t;iken from the campus, sign one of
the petitions being circulated to
prevent it.
Ik you don't want the post-office
t;iken from the campus, sign one of
the petitions being circulated to
prevent it.
Ik you don't want the post-office
t;iken from the campus, sign one of
the petitions being circulated to
prevent it.
Ik you don't want the post-office
t;iken from the campus, sign one of
the petitions being circulated to
prevent it.
