# Address of Rev. Wintler.
## 
### 
Rev. H. H. Wintler of Oakland
addressed the Christian Associa
tions last evening on "Jesus, the
Satirist.'' He spoke of the differ
ent kinds of satire in the world,
contrasting these with the gentle
satire of Christ. He also dwelt
upon the way in which the world
judges a Christian, always quick to
condemn and slow to praise.
Rev. H. H. Wintler of Oakland
addressed the Christian Associa
tions last evening on "Jesus, the
Satirist.'' He spoke of the differ
ent kinds of satire in the world,
contrasting these with the gentle
satire of Christ. He also dwelt
upon the way in which the world
judges a Christian, always quick to
condemn and slow to praise.
Rev. H. H. Wintler of Oakland
addressed the Christian Associa
tions last evening on "Jesus, the
Satirist.'' He spoke of the differ
ent kinds of satire in the world,
contrasting these with the gentle
satire of Christ. He also dwelt
upon the way in which the world
judges a Christian, always quick to
condemn and slow to praise.
Rev. H. H. Wintler of Oakland
addressed the Christian Associa
tions last evening on "Jesus, the
Satirist.'' He spoke of the differ
ent kinds of satire in the world,
contrasting these with the gentle
satire of Christ. He also dwelt
upon the way in which the world
judges a Christian, always quick to
condemn and slow to praise.
Rev. H. H. Wintler of Oakland
addressed the Christian Associa
tions last evening on "Jesus, the
Satirist.'' He spoke of the differ
ent kinds of satire in the world,
contrasting these with the gentle
satire of Christ. He also dwelt
upon the way in which the world
judges a Christian, always quick to
condemn and slow to praise.
Rev. H. H. Wintler of Oakland
addressed the Christian Associa
tions last evening on "Jesus, the
Satirist.'' He spoke of the differ
ent kinds of satire in the world,
contrasting these with the gentle
satire of Christ. He also dwelt
upon the way in which the world
judges a Christian, always quick to
condemn and slow to praise.
Rev. H. H. Wintler of Oakland
addressed the Christian Associa
tions last evening on "Jesus, the
Satirist.'' He spoke of the differ
ent kinds of satire in the world,
contrasting these with the gentle
satire of Christ. He also dwelt
upon the way in which the world
judges a Christian, always quick to
condemn and slow to praise.
Rev. H. H. Wintler of Oakland
addressed the Christian Associa
tions last evening on "Jesus, the
Satirist.'' He spoke of the differ
ent kinds of satire in the world,
contrasting these with the gentle
satire of Christ. He also dwelt
upon the way in which the world
judges a Christian, always quick to
condemn and slow to praise.
