# Untitled Article
## 
### 
In a Census Bureau survey of 137
metropolitan counties, between April
1, 1040. and May 1, 1942, 88 counties
having war industries gained a total
of 2,639.000 persons, while 43 with
out war industries showed a decline
in population.
In a Census Bureau survey of 137
metropolitan counties, between April
1, 1040. and May 1, 1942, 88 counties
having war industries gained a total
of 2,639.000 persons, while 43 with
out war industries showed a decline
in population.
In a Census Bureau survey of 137
metropolitan counties, between April
1, 1040. and May 1, 1942, 88 counties
having war industries gained a total
of 2,639.000 persons, while 43 with
out war industries showed a decline
in population.
In a Census Bureau survey of 137
metropolitan counties, between April
1, 1040. and May 1, 1942, 88 counties
having war industries gained a total
of 2,639.000 persons, while 43 with
out war industries showed a decline
in population.
In a Census Bureau survey of 137
metropolitan counties, between April
1, 1040. and May 1, 1942, 88 counties
having war industries gained a total
of 2,639.000 persons, while 43 with
out war industries showed a decline
in population.
In a Census Bureau survey of 137
metropolitan counties, between April
1, 1040. and May 1, 1942, 88 counties
having war industries gained a total
of 2,639.000 persons, while 43 with
out war industries showed a decline
in population.
In a Census Bureau survey of 137
metropolitan counties, between April
1, 1040. and May 1, 1942, 88 counties
having war industries gained a total
of 2,639.000 persons, while 43 with
out war industries showed a decline
in population.
In a Census Bureau survey of 137
metropolitan counties, between April
1, 1040. and May 1, 1942, 88 counties
having war industries gained a total
of 2,639.000 persons, while 43 with
out war industries showed a decline
in population.
In a Census Bureau survey of 137
metropolitan counties, between April
1, 1040. and May 1, 1942, 88 counties
having war industries gained a total
of 2,639.000 persons, while 43 with
out war industries showed a decline
in population.
In a Census Bureau survey of 137
metropolitan counties, between April
1, 1040. and May 1, 1942, 88 counties
having war industries gained a total
of 2,639.000 persons, while 43 with
out war industries showed a decline
in population.
In a Census Bureau survey of 137
metropolitan counties, between April
1, 1040. and May 1, 1942, 88 counties
having war industries gained a total
of 2,639.000 persons, while 43 with
out war industries showed a decline
in population.
In a Census Bureau survey of 137
metropolitan counties, between April
1, 1040. and May 1, 1942, 88 counties
having war industries gained a total
of 2,639.000 persons, while 43 with
out war industries showed a decline
in population.
In a Census Bureau survey of 137
metropolitan counties, between April
1, 1040. and May 1, 1942, 88 counties
having war industries gained a total
of 2,639.000 persons, while 43 with
out war industries showed a decline
in population.
In a Census Bureau survey of 137
metropolitan counties, between April
1, 1040. and May 1, 1942, 88 counties
having war industries gained a total
of 2,639.000 persons, while 43 with
out war industries showed a decline
in population.
In a Census Bureau survey of 137
metropolitan counties, between April
1, 1040. and May 1, 1942, 88 counties
having war industries gained a total
of 2,639.000 persons, while 43 with
out war industries showed a decline
in population.
In a Census Bureau survey of 137
metropolitan counties, between April
1, 1040. and May 1, 1942, 88 counties
having war industries gained a total
of 2,639.000 persons, while 43 with
out war industries showed a decline
in population.
In a Census Bureau survey of 137
metropolitan counties, between April
1, 1040. and May 1, 1942, 88 counties
having war industries gained a total
of 2,639.000 persons, while 43 with
out war industries showed a decline
in population.
