# WAR FRONTS
## American Pilots Make New Solomon Raids 
### 
WASHINGTON, Feb. 10 (U.R)
American airmen, following through
after the knockout punch dealt the
Japanese by United States ground
forces on Guadalcanal, have made
three new raids on other enemy
positions in the Solomons, the Navy
announced today.
A communique revealed that
United States bombers and fighters
rained explosives yesterday on Jap
positions on Kolombangara Islands,
and on Munda in the New Georgia
group, and sank an enemy barge off
Hooper Bay in the Northern Russell
Islands, only 60 miles from Guadal
canal.
Meanwhile, United States ground
forces on Guadalcanal—which the
Japanese announced yesterday had
been evacuated by their troops—
continued to advance without oppo
sition.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 10 (U.R)
American airmen, following through
after the knockout punch dealt the
Japanese by United States ground
forces on Guadalcanal, have made
three new raids on other enemy
positions in the Solomons, the Navy
announced today.
A communique revealed that
United States bombers and fighters
rained explosives yesterday on Jap
positions on Kolombangara Islands,
and on Munda in the New Georgia
group, and sank an enemy barge off
Hooper Bay in the Northern Russell
Islands, only 60 miles from Guadal
canal.
Meanwhile, United States ground
forces on Guadalcanal—which the
Japanese announced yesterday had
been evacuated by their troops—
continued to advance without oppo
sition.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 10 (U.R)
American airmen, following through
after the knockout punch dealt the
Japanese by United States ground
forces on Guadalcanal, have made
three new raids on other enemy
positions in the Solomons, the Navy
announced today.
A communique revealed that
United States bombers and fighters
rained explosives yesterday on Jap
positions on Kolombangara Islands,
and on Munda in the New Georgia
group, and sank an enemy barge off
Hooper Bay in the Northern Russell
Islands, only 60 miles from Guadal
canal.
Meanwhile, United States ground
forces on Guadalcanal—which the
Japanese announced yesterday had
been evacuated by their troops—
continued to advance without oppo
sition.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 10 (U.R)
American airmen, following through
after the knockout punch dealt the
Japanese by United States ground
forces on Guadalcanal, have made
three new raids on other enemy
positions in the Solomons, the Navy
announced today.
A communique revealed that
United States bombers and fighters
rained explosives yesterday on Jap
positions on Kolombangara Islands,
and on Munda in the New Georgia
group, and sank an enemy barge off
Hooper Bay in the Northern Russell
Islands, only 60 miles from Guadal
canal.
Meanwhile, United States ground
forces on Guadalcanal—which the
Japanese announced yesterday had
been evacuated by their troops—
continued to advance without oppo
sition.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 10 (U.R)
American airmen, following through
after the knockout punch dealt the
Japanese by United States ground
forces on Guadalcanal, have made
three new raids on other enemy
positions in the Solomons, the Navy
announced today.
A communique revealed that
United States bombers and fighters
rained explosives yesterday on Jap
positions on Kolombangara Islands,
and on Munda in the New Georgia
group, and sank an enemy barge off
Hooper Bay in the Northern Russell
Islands, only 60 miles from Guadal
canal.
Meanwhile, United States ground
forces on Guadalcanal—which the
Japanese announced yesterday had
been evacuated by their troops—
continued to advance without oppo
sition.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 10 (U.R)
American airmen, following through
after the knockout punch dealt the
Japanese by United States ground
forces on Guadalcanal, have made
three new raids on other enemy
positions in the Solomons, the Navy
announced today.
A communique revealed that
United States bombers and fighters
rained explosives yesterday on Jap
positions on Kolombangara Islands,
and on Munda in the New Georgia
group, and sank an enemy barge off
Hooper Bay in the Northern Russell
Islands, only 60 miles from Guadal
canal.
Meanwhile, United States ground
forces on Guadalcanal—which the
Japanese announced yesterday had
been evacuated by their troops—
continued to advance without oppo
sition.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 10 (U.R)
American airmen, following through
after the knockout punch dealt the
Japanese by United States ground
forces on Guadalcanal, have made
three new raids on other enemy
positions in the Solomons, the Navy
announced today.
A communique revealed that
United States bombers and fighters
rained explosives yesterday on Jap
positions on Kolombangara Islands,
and on Munda in the New Georgia
group, and sank an enemy barge off
Hooper Bay in the Northern Russell
Islands, only 60 miles from Guadal
canal.
Meanwhile, United States ground
forces on Guadalcanal—which the
Japanese announced yesterday had
been evacuated by their troops—
continued to advance without oppo
sition.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 10 (U.R)
American airmen, following through
after the knockout punch dealt the
Japanese by United States ground
forces on Guadalcanal, have made
three new raids on other enemy
positions in the Solomons, the Navy
announced today.
A communique revealed that
United States bombers and fighters
rained explosives yesterday on Jap
positions on Kolombangara Islands,
and on Munda in the New Georgia
group, and sank an enemy barge off
Hooper Bay in the Northern Russell
Islands, only 60 miles from Guadal
canal.
Meanwhile, United States ground
forces on Guadalcanal—which the
Japanese announced yesterday had
been evacuated by their troops—
continued to advance without oppo
sition.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 10 (U.R)
American airmen, following through
after the knockout punch dealt the
Japanese by United States ground
forces on Guadalcanal, have made
three new raids on other enemy
positions in the Solomons, the Navy
announced today.
A communique revealed that
United States bombers and fighters
rained explosives yesterday on Jap
positions on Kolombangara Islands,
and on Munda in the New Georgia
group, and sank an enemy barge off
Hooper Bay in the Northern Russell
Islands, only 60 miles from Guadal
canal.
Meanwhile, United States ground
forces on Guadalcanal—which the
Japanese announced yesterday had
been evacuated by their troops—
continued to advance without oppo
sition.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 10 (U.R)
American airmen, following through
after the knockout punch dealt the
Japanese by United States ground
forces on Guadalcanal, have made
three new raids on other enemy
positions in the Solomons, the Navy
announced today.
A communique revealed that
United States bombers and fighters
rained explosives yesterday on Jap
positions on Kolombangara Islands,
and on Munda in the New Georgia
group, and sank an enemy barge off
Hooper Bay in the Northern Russell
Islands, only 60 miles from Guadal
canal.
Meanwhile, United States ground
forces on Guadalcanal—which the
Japanese announced yesterday had
been evacuated by their troops—
continued to advance without oppo
sition.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 10 (U.R)
American airmen, following through
after the knockout punch dealt the
Japanese by United States ground
forces on Guadalcanal, have made
three new raids on other enemy
positions in the Solomons, the Navy
announced today.
A communique revealed that
United States bombers and fighters
rained explosives yesterday on Jap
positions on Kolombangara Islands,
and on Munda in the New Georgia
group, and sank an enemy barge off
Hooper Bay in the Northern Russell
Islands, only 60 miles from Guadal
canal.
Meanwhile, United States ground
forces on Guadalcanal—which the
Japanese announced yesterday had
been evacuated by their troops—
continued to advance without oppo
sition.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 10 (U.R)
American airmen, following through
after the knockout punch dealt the
Japanese by United States ground
forces on Guadalcanal, have made
three new raids on other enemy
positions in the Solomons, the Navy
announced today.
A communique revealed that
United States bombers and fighters
rained explosives yesterday on Jap
positions on Kolombangara Islands,
and on Munda in the New Georgia
group, and sank an enemy barge off
Hooper Bay in the Northern Russell
Islands, only 60 miles from Guadal
canal.
Meanwhile, United States ground
forces on Guadalcanal—which the
Japanese announced yesterday had
been evacuated by their troops—
continued to advance without oppo
sition.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 10 (U.R)
American airmen, following through
after the knockout punch dealt the
Japanese by United States ground
forces on Guadalcanal, have made
three new raids on other enemy
positions in the Solomons, the Navy
announced today.
A communique revealed that
United States bombers and fighters
rained explosives yesterday on Jap
positions on Kolombangara Islands,
and on Munda in the New Georgia
group, and sank an enemy barge off
Hooper Bay in the Northern Russell
Islands, only 60 miles from Guadal
canal.
Meanwhile, United States ground
forces on Guadalcanal—which the
Japanese announced yesterday had
been evacuated by their troops—
continued to advance without oppo
sition.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 10 (U.R)
American airmen, following through
after the knockout punch dealt the
Japanese by United States ground
forces on Guadalcanal, have made
three new raids on other enemy
positions in the Solomons, the Navy
announced today.
A communique revealed that
United States bombers and fighters
rained explosives yesterday on Jap
positions on Kolombangara Islands,
and on Munda in the New Georgia
group, and sank an enemy barge off
Hooper Bay in the Northern Russell
Islands, only 60 miles from Guadal
canal.
Meanwhile, United States ground
forces on Guadalcanal—which the
Japanese announced yesterday had
been evacuated by their troops—
continued to advance without oppo
sition.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 10 (U.R)
American airmen, following through
after the knockout punch dealt the
Japanese by United States ground
forces on Guadalcanal, have made
three new raids on other enemy
positions in the Solomons, the Navy
announced today.
A communique revealed that
United States bombers and fighters
rained explosives yesterday on Jap
positions on Kolombangara Islands,
and on Munda in the New Georgia
group, and sank an enemy barge off
Hooper Bay in the Northern Russell
Islands, only 60 miles from Guadal
canal.
Meanwhile, United States ground
forces on Guadalcanal—which the
Japanese announced yesterday had
been evacuated by their troops—
continued to advance without oppo
sition.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 10 (U.R)
American airmen, following through
after the knockout punch dealt the
Japanese by United States ground
forces on Guadalcanal, have made
three new raids on other enemy
positions in the Solomons, the Navy
announced today.
A communique revealed that
United States bombers and fighters
rained explosives yesterday on Jap
positions on Kolombangara Islands,
and on Munda in the New Georgia
group, and sank an enemy barge off
Hooper Bay in the Northern Russell
Islands, only 60 miles from Guadal
canal.
Meanwhile, United States ground
forces on Guadalcanal—which the
Japanese announced yesterday had
been evacuated by their troops—
continued to advance without oppo
sition.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 10 (U.R)
American airmen, following through
after the knockout punch dealt the
Japanese by United States ground
forces on Guadalcanal, have made
three new raids on other enemy
positions in the Solomons, the Navy
announced today.
A communique revealed that
United States bombers and fighters
rained explosives yesterday on Jap
positions on Kolombangara Islands,
and on Munda in the New Georgia
group, and sank an enemy barge off
Hooper Bay in the Northern Russell
Islands, only 60 miles from Guadal
canal.
Meanwhile, United States ground
forces on Guadalcanal—which the
Japanese announced yesterday had
been evacuated by their troops—
continued to advance without oppo
sition.
