# Motorists' Cards Lack Information
## 
### 
California motorists were advised
today by the Department of Motor
Vehicles not to be concerned if their
1943 registration cards do not show
the amount of fees due for 1944 or
the type of gasoline ration book as
signed to them.
This information has been omitted
because it was not available in many
cases.
California motorists were advised
today by the Department of Motor
Vehicles not to be concerned if their
1943 registration cards do not show
the amount of fees due for 1944 or
the type of gasoline ration book as
signed to them.
This information has been omitted
because it was not available in many
cases.
California motorists were advised
today by the Department of Motor
Vehicles not to be concerned if their
1943 registration cards do not show
the amount of fees due for 1944 or
the type of gasoline ration book as
signed to them.
This information has been omitted
because it was not available in many
cases.
California motorists were advised
today by the Department of Motor
Vehicles not to be concerned if their
1943 registration cards do not show
the amount of fees due for 1944 or
the type of gasoline ration book as
signed to them.
This information has been omitted
because it was not available in many
cases.
California motorists were advised
today by the Department of Motor
Vehicles not to be concerned if their
1943 registration cards do not show
the amount of fees due for 1944 or
the type of gasoline ration book as
signed to them.
This information has been omitted
because it was not available in many
cases.
California motorists were advised
today by the Department of Motor
Vehicles not to be concerned if their
1943 registration cards do not show
the amount of fees due for 1944 or
the type of gasoline ration book as
signed to them.
This information has been omitted
because it was not available in many
cases.
California motorists were advised
today by the Department of Motor
Vehicles not to be concerned if their
1943 registration cards do not show
the amount of fees due for 1944 or
the type of gasoline ration book as
signed to them.
This information has been omitted
because it was not available in many
cases.
California motorists were advised
today by the Department of Motor
Vehicles not to be concerned if their
1943 registration cards do not show
the amount of fees due for 1944 or
the type of gasoline ration book as
signed to them.
This information has been omitted
because it was not available in many
cases.
California motorists were advised
today by the Department of Motor
Vehicles not to be concerned if their
1943 registration cards do not show
the amount of fees due for 1944 or
the type of gasoline ration book as
signed to them.
This information has been omitted
because it was not available in many
cases.
California motorists were advised
today by the Department of Motor
Vehicles not to be concerned if their
1943 registration cards do not show
the amount of fees due for 1944 or
the type of gasoline ration book as
signed to them.
This information has been omitted
because it was not available in many
cases.
California motorists were advised
today by the Department of Motor
Vehicles not to be concerned if their
1943 registration cards do not show
the amount of fees due for 1944 or
the type of gasoline ration book as
signed to them.
This information has been omitted
because it was not available in many
cases.
California motorists were advised
today by the Department of Motor
Vehicles not to be concerned if their
1943 registration cards do not show
the amount of fees due for 1944 or
the type of gasoline ration book as
signed to them.
This information has been omitted
because it was not available in many
cases.
California motorists were advised
today by the Department of Motor
Vehicles not to be concerned if their
1943 registration cards do not show
the amount of fees due for 1944 or
the type of gasoline ration book as
signed to them.
This information has been omitted
because it was not available in many
cases.
California motorists were advised
today by the Department of Motor
Vehicles not to be concerned if their
1943 registration cards do not show
the amount of fees due for 1944 or
the type of gasoline ration book as
signed to them.
This information has been omitted
because it was not available in many
cases.
California motorists were advised
today by the Department of Motor
Vehicles not to be concerned if their
1943 registration cards do not show
the amount of fees due for 1944 or
the type of gasoline ration book as
signed to them.
This information has been omitted
because it was not available in many
cases.
California motorists were advised
today by the Department of Motor
Vehicles not to be concerned if their
1943 registration cards do not show
the amount of fees due for 1944 or
the type of gasoline ration book as
signed to them.
This information has been omitted
because it was not available in many
cases.
California motorists were advised
today by the Department of Motor
Vehicles not to be concerned if their
1943 registration cards do not show
the amount of fees due for 1944 or
the type of gasoline ration book as
signed to them.
This information has been omitted
because it was not available in many
cases.
