# NEW MANPOWER BUREAU
## 
### 
CHICAGO, Feb. 10 (UP).—War
Manpower Commissioner Paul V.
McNutt tonight announced the es
tablishment of the Bureau of Man
power Utilization to assist manage
ment and labor to increase the ef
fectiveness of human effort on pro
duction.
CHICAGO, Feb. 10 (UP).—War
Manpower Commissioner Paul V.
McNutt tonight announced the es
tablishment of the Bureau of Man
power Utilization to assist manage
ment and labor to increase the ef
fectiveness of human effort on pro
duction.
CHICAGO, Feb. 10 (UP).—War
Manpower Commissioner Paul V.
McNutt tonight announced the es
tablishment of the Bureau of Man
power Utilization to assist manage
ment and labor to increase the ef
fectiveness of human effort on pro
duction.
CHICAGO, Feb. 10 (UP).—War
Manpower Commissioner Paul V.
McNutt tonight announced the es
tablishment of the Bureau of Man
power Utilization to assist manage
ment and labor to increase the ef
fectiveness of human effort on pro
duction.
CHICAGO, Feb. 10 (UP).—War
Manpower Commissioner Paul V.
McNutt tonight announced the es
tablishment of the Bureau of Man
power Utilization to assist manage
ment and labor to increase the ef
fectiveness of human effort on pro
duction.
CHICAGO, Feb. 10 (UP).—War
Manpower Commissioner Paul V.
McNutt tonight announced the es
tablishment of the Bureau of Man
power Utilization to assist manage
ment and labor to increase the ef
fectiveness of human effort on pro
duction.
CHICAGO, Feb. 10 (UP).—War
Manpower Commissioner Paul V.
McNutt tonight announced the es
tablishment of the Bureau of Man
power Utilization to assist manage
ment and labor to increase the ef
fectiveness of human effort on pro
duction.
CHICAGO, Feb. 10 (UP).—War
Manpower Commissioner Paul V.
McNutt tonight announced the es
tablishment of the Bureau of Man
power Utilization to assist manage
ment and labor to increase the ef
fectiveness of human effort on pro
duction.
CHICAGO, Feb. 10 (UP).—War
Manpower Commissioner Paul V.
McNutt tonight announced the es
tablishment of the Bureau of Man
power Utilization to assist manage
ment and labor to increase the ef
fectiveness of human effort on pro
duction.
CHICAGO, Feb. 10 (UP).—War
Manpower Commissioner Paul V.
McNutt tonight announced the es
tablishment of the Bureau of Man
power Utilization to assist manage
ment and labor to increase the ef
fectiveness of human effort on pro
duction.
CHICAGO, Feb. 10 (UP).—War
Manpower Commissioner Paul V.
McNutt tonight announced the es
tablishment of the Bureau of Man
power Utilization to assist manage
ment and labor to increase the ef
fectiveness of human effort on pro
duction.
CHICAGO, Feb. 10 (UP).—War
Manpower Commissioner Paul V.
McNutt tonight announced the es
tablishment of the Bureau of Man
power Utilization to assist manage
ment and labor to increase the ef
fectiveness of human effort on pro
duction.
CHICAGO, Feb. 10 (UP).—War
Manpower Commissioner Paul V.
McNutt tonight announced the es
tablishment of the Bureau of Man
power Utilization to assist manage
ment and labor to increase the ef
fectiveness of human effort on pro
duction.
CHICAGO, Feb. 10 (UP).—War
Manpower Commissioner Paul V.
McNutt tonight announced the es
tablishment of the Bureau of Man
power Utilization to assist manage
ment and labor to increase the ef
fectiveness of human effort on pro
duction.
CHICAGO, Feb. 10 (UP).—War
Manpower Commissioner Paul V.
McNutt tonight announced the es
tablishment of the Bureau of Man
power Utilization to assist manage
ment and labor to increase the ef
fectiveness of human effort on pro
duction.
CHICAGO, Feb. 10 (UP).—War
Manpower Commissioner Paul V.
McNutt tonight announced the es
tablishment of the Bureau of Man
power Utilization to assist manage
ment and labor to increase the ef
fectiveness of human effort on pro
duction.
CHICAGO, Feb. 10 (UP).—War
Manpower Commissioner Paul V.
McNutt tonight announced the es
tablishment of the Bureau of Man
power Utilization to assist manage
ment and labor to increase the ef
fectiveness of human effort on pro
duction.
