# PURELY PSYCHOLOGICAL
## 
### 
Psychology, and not boxing
psychology alone, may play a part
in tonight's boxing matches here.
Each San Jose State competitor
will have been propped for his
bout by Dr. Dorothy Yates, as
sistant professor of psychology at
San Jose State.
Before the lights, Dr. Yates, in
manner yet undisclosed, talks to
each fighter and brings to their
peak "mental reserves which
make a person physically capable
of things he never before would
have dreamed possible."
Psychology, and not boxing
psychology alone, may play a part
in tonight's boxing matches here.
Each San Jose State competitor
will have been propped for his
bout by Dr. Dorothy Yates, as
sistant professor of psychology at
San Jose State.
Before the lights, Dr. Yates, in
manner yet undisclosed, talks to
each fighter and brings to their
peak "mental reserves which
make a person physically capable
of things he never before would
have dreamed possible."
Psychology, and not boxing
psychology alone, may play a part
in tonight's boxing matches here.
Each San Jose State competitor
will have been propped for his
bout by Dr. Dorothy Yates, as
sistant professor of psychology at
San Jose State.
Before the lights, Dr. Yates, in
manner yet undisclosed, talks to
each fighter and brings to their
peak "mental reserves which
make a person physically capable
of things he never before would
have dreamed possible."
Psychology, and not boxing
psychology alone, may play a part
in tonight's boxing matches here.
Each San Jose State competitor
will have been propped for his
bout by Dr. Dorothy Yates, as
sistant professor of psychology at
San Jose State.
Before the lights, Dr. Yates, in
manner yet undisclosed, talks to
each fighter and brings to their
peak "mental reserves which
make a person physically capable
of things he never before would
have dreamed possible."
Psychology, and not boxing
psychology alone, may play a part
in tonight's boxing matches here.
Each San Jose State competitor
will have been propped for his
bout by Dr. Dorothy Yates, as
sistant professor of psychology at
San Jose State.
Before the lights, Dr. Yates, in
manner yet undisclosed, talks to
each fighter and brings to their
peak "mental reserves which
make a person physically capable
of things he never before would
have dreamed possible."
Psychology, and not boxing
psychology alone, may play a part
in tonight's boxing matches here.
Each San Jose State competitor
will have been propped for his
bout by Dr. Dorothy Yates, as
sistant professor of psychology at
San Jose State.
Before the lights, Dr. Yates, in
manner yet undisclosed, talks to
each fighter and brings to their
peak "mental reserves which
make a person physically capable
of things he never before would
have dreamed possible."
Psychology, and not boxing
psychology alone, may play a part
in tonight's boxing matches here.
Each San Jose State competitor
will have been propped for his
bout by Dr. Dorothy Yates, as
sistant professor of psychology at
San Jose State.
Before the lights, Dr. Yates, in
manner yet undisclosed, talks to
each fighter and brings to their
peak "mental reserves which
make a person physically capable
of things he never before would
have dreamed possible."
Psychology, and not boxing
psychology alone, may play a part
in tonight's boxing matches here.
Each San Jose State competitor
will have been propped for his
bout by Dr. Dorothy Yates, as
sistant professor of psychology at
San Jose State.
Before the lights, Dr. Yates, in
manner yet undisclosed, talks to
each fighter and brings to their
peak "mental reserves which
make a person physically capable
of things he never before would
have dreamed possible."
Psychology, and not boxing
psychology alone, may play a part
in tonight's boxing matches here.
Each San Jose State competitor
will have been propped for his
bout by Dr. Dorothy Yates, as
sistant professor of psychology at
San Jose State.
Before the lights, Dr. Yates, in
manner yet undisclosed, talks to
each fighter and brings to their
peak "mental reserves which
make a person physically capable
of things he never before would
have dreamed possible."
Psychology, and not boxing
psychology alone, may play a part
in tonight's boxing matches here.
Each San Jose State competitor
will have been propped for his
bout by Dr. Dorothy Yates, as
sistant professor of psychology at
San Jose State.
Before the lights, Dr. Yates, in
manner yet undisclosed, talks to
each fighter and brings to their
peak "mental reserves which
make a person physically capable
of things he never before would
have dreamed possible."
Psychology, and not boxing
psychology alone, may play a part
in tonight's boxing matches here.
Each San Jose State competitor
will have been propped for his
bout by Dr. Dorothy Yates, as
sistant professor of psychology at
San Jose State.
Before the lights, Dr. Yates, in
manner yet undisclosed, talks to
each fighter and brings to their
peak "mental reserves which
make a person physically capable
of things he never before would
have dreamed possible."
Psychology, and not boxing
psychology alone, may play a part
in tonight's boxing matches here.
Each San Jose State competitor
will have been propped for his
bout by Dr. Dorothy Yates, as
sistant professor of psychology at
San Jose State.
Before the lights, Dr. Yates, in
manner yet undisclosed, talks to
each fighter and brings to their
peak "mental reserves which
make a person physically capable
of things he never before would
have dreamed possible."
Psychology, and not boxing
psychology alone, may play a part
in tonight's boxing matches here.
Each San Jose State competitor
will have been propped for his
bout by Dr. Dorothy Yates, as
sistant professor of psychology at
San Jose State.
Before the lights, Dr. Yates, in
manner yet undisclosed, talks to
each fighter and brings to their
peak "mental reserves which
make a person physically capable
of things he never before would
have dreamed possible."
Psychology, and not boxing
psychology alone, may play a part
in tonight's boxing matches here.
Each San Jose State competitor
will have been propped for his
bout by Dr. Dorothy Yates, as
sistant professor of psychology at
San Jose State.
Before the lights, Dr. Yates, in
manner yet undisclosed, talks to
each fighter and brings to their
peak "mental reserves which
make a person physically capable
of things he never before would
have dreamed possible."
Psychology, and not boxing
psychology alone, may play a part
in tonight's boxing matches here.
Each San Jose State competitor
will have been propped for his
bout by Dr. Dorothy Yates, as
sistant professor of psychology at
San Jose State.
Before the lights, Dr. Yates, in
manner yet undisclosed, talks to
each fighter and brings to their
peak "mental reserves which
make a person physically capable
of things he never before would
have dreamed possible."
Psychology, and not boxing
psychology alone, may play a part
in tonight's boxing matches here.
Each San Jose State competitor
will have been propped for his
bout by Dr. Dorothy Yates, as
sistant professor of psychology at
San Jose State.
Before the lights, Dr. Yates, in
manner yet undisclosed, talks to
each fighter and brings to their
peak "mental reserves which
make a person physically capable
of things he never before would
have dreamed possible."
Psychology, and not boxing
psychology alone, may play a part
in tonight's boxing matches here.
Each San Jose State competitor
will have been propped for his
bout by Dr. Dorothy Yates, as
sistant professor of psychology at
San Jose State.
Before the lights, Dr. Yates, in
manner yet undisclosed, talks to
each fighter and brings to their
peak "mental reserves which
make a person physically capable
of things he never before would
have dreamed possible."
