# SPAETH ADDRESSES BAR
## 
### 
Dean Carl B. Spaeth of the Stan
ford Law School addressed the San
Francisco Bar Association ut a
luncheon meeting Tuesday in San
Francisco. "Lawyers and Interna
tional Understanding" was the topic
of his speech.
Dean Carl B. Spaeth of the Stan
ford Law School addressed the San
Francisco Bar Association ut a
luncheon meeting Tuesday in San
Francisco. "Lawyers and Interna
tional Understanding" was the topic
of his speech.
Dean Carl B. Spaeth of the Stan
ford Law School addressed the San
Francisco Bar Association ut a
luncheon meeting Tuesday in San
Francisco. "Lawyers and Interna
tional Understanding" was the topic
of his speech.
Dean Carl B. Spaeth of the Stan
ford Law School addressed the San
Francisco Bar Association ut a
luncheon meeting Tuesday in San
Francisco. "Lawyers and Interna
tional Understanding" was the topic
of his speech.
Dean Carl B. Spaeth of the Stan
ford Law School addressed the San
Francisco Bar Association ut a
luncheon meeting Tuesday in San
Francisco. "Lawyers and Interna
tional Understanding" was the topic
of his speech.
Dean Carl B. Spaeth of the Stan
ford Law School addressed the San
Francisco Bar Association ut a
luncheon meeting Tuesday in San
Francisco. "Lawyers and Interna
tional Understanding" was the topic
of his speech.
Dean Carl B. Spaeth of the Stan
ford Law School addressed the San
Francisco Bar Association ut a
luncheon meeting Tuesday in San
Francisco. "Lawyers and Interna
tional Understanding" was the topic
of his speech.
Dean Carl B. Spaeth of the Stan
ford Law School addressed the San
Francisco Bar Association ut a
luncheon meeting Tuesday in San
Francisco. "Lawyers and Interna
tional Understanding" was the topic
of his speech.
Dean Carl B. Spaeth of the Stan
ford Law School addressed the San
Francisco Bar Association ut a
luncheon meeting Tuesday in San
Francisco. "Lawyers and Interna
tional Understanding" was the topic
of his speech.
Dean Carl B. Spaeth of the Stan
ford Law School addressed the San
Francisco Bar Association ut a
luncheon meeting Tuesday in San
Francisco. "Lawyers and Interna
tional Understanding" was the topic
of his speech.
Dean Carl B. Spaeth of the Stan
ford Law School addressed the San
Francisco Bar Association ut a
luncheon meeting Tuesday in San
Francisco. "Lawyers and Interna
tional Understanding" was the topic
of his speech.
Dean Carl B. Spaeth of the Stan
ford Law School addressed the San
Francisco Bar Association ut a
luncheon meeting Tuesday in San
Francisco. "Lawyers and Interna
tional Understanding" was the topic
of his speech.
Dean Carl B. Spaeth of the Stan
ford Law School addressed the San
Francisco Bar Association ut a
luncheon meeting Tuesday in San
Francisco. "Lawyers and Interna
tional Understanding" was the topic
of his speech.
Dean Carl B. Spaeth of the Stan
ford Law School addressed the San
Francisco Bar Association ut a
luncheon meeting Tuesday in San
Francisco. "Lawyers and Interna
tional Understanding" was the topic
of his speech.
Dean Carl B. Spaeth of the Stan
ford Law School addressed the San
Francisco Bar Association ut a
luncheon meeting Tuesday in San
Francisco. "Lawyers and Interna
tional Understanding" was the topic
of his speech.
