# Mrs. Frank Hayes Is Poetry Prize Winner
## 
### 
Mrs. Frank A. Hayes won the j
Clarence Urmy Poetry Prize of $40
for this year, the Poetry Prize com
mittee of the English Department
announced Friday. Her poem was
called "Daphne."
Honorable jnention was given to |
"Touchstone," by Douglas O. Nich
ols, and"The Shuttle," 'by Andrew
Glaze. Judges were Professor Her
bert D. Meritt, Professor Robert W.
Ackerman, and Mr John K. Mathi
son.
Mrs. Frank A. Hayes won the j
Clarence Urmy Poetry Prize of $40
for this year, the Poetry Prize com
mittee of the English Department
announced Friday. Her poem was
called "Daphne."
Honorable jnention was given to |
"Touchstone," by Douglas O. Nich
ols, and"The Shuttle," 'by Andrew
Glaze. Judges were Professor Her
bert D. Meritt, Professor Robert W.
Ackerman, and Mr John K. Mathi
son.
Mrs. Frank A. Hayes won the j
Clarence Urmy Poetry Prize of $40
for this year, the Poetry Prize com
mittee of the English Department
announced Friday. Her poem was
called "Daphne."
Honorable jnention was given to |
"Touchstone," by Douglas O. Nich
ols, and"The Shuttle," 'by Andrew
Glaze. Judges were Professor Her
bert D. Meritt, Professor Robert W.
Ackerman, and Mr John K. Mathi
son.
Mrs. Frank A. Hayes won the j
Clarence Urmy Poetry Prize of $40
for this year, the Poetry Prize com
mittee of the English Department
announced Friday. Her poem was
called "Daphne."
Honorable jnention was given to |
"Touchstone," by Douglas O. Nich
ols, and"The Shuttle," 'by Andrew
Glaze. Judges were Professor Her
bert D. Meritt, Professor Robert W.
Ackerman, and Mr John K. Mathi
son.
Mrs. Frank A. Hayes won the j
Clarence Urmy Poetry Prize of $40
for this year, the Poetry Prize com
mittee of the English Department
announced Friday. Her poem was
called "Daphne."
Honorable jnention was given to |
"Touchstone," by Douglas O. Nich
ols, and"The Shuttle," 'by Andrew
Glaze. Judges were Professor Her
bert D. Meritt, Professor Robert W.
Ackerman, and Mr John K. Mathi
son.
Mrs. Frank A. Hayes won the j
Clarence Urmy Poetry Prize of $40
for this year, the Poetry Prize com
mittee of the English Department
announced Friday. Her poem was
called "Daphne."
Honorable jnention was given to |
"Touchstone," by Douglas O. Nich
ols, and"The Shuttle," 'by Andrew
Glaze. Judges were Professor Her
bert D. Meritt, Professor Robert W.
Ackerman, and Mr John K. Mathi
son.
Mrs. Frank A. Hayes won the j
Clarence Urmy Poetry Prize of $40
for this year, the Poetry Prize com
mittee of the English Department
announced Friday. Her poem was
called "Daphne."
Honorable jnention was given to |
"Touchstone," by Douglas O. Nich
ols, and"The Shuttle," 'by Andrew
Glaze. Judges were Professor Her
bert D. Meritt, Professor Robert W.
Ackerman, and Mr John K. Mathi
son.
Mrs. Frank A. Hayes won the j
Clarence Urmy Poetry Prize of $40
for this year, the Poetry Prize com
mittee of the English Department
announced Friday. Her poem was
called "Daphne."
Honorable jnention was given to |
"Touchstone," by Douglas O. Nich
ols, and"The Shuttle," 'by Andrew
Glaze. Judges were Professor Her
bert D. Meritt, Professor Robert W.
Ackerman, and Mr John K. Mathi
son.
Mrs. Frank A. Hayes won the j
Clarence Urmy Poetry Prize of $40
for this year, the Poetry Prize com
mittee of the English Department
announced Friday. Her poem was
called "Daphne."
Honorable jnention was given to |
"Touchstone," by Douglas O. Nich
ols, and"The Shuttle," 'by Andrew
Glaze. Judges were Professor Her
bert D. Meritt, Professor Robert W.
Ackerman, and Mr John K. Mathi
son.
Mrs. Frank A. Hayes won the j
Clarence Urmy Poetry Prize of $40
for this year, the Poetry Prize com
mittee of the English Department
announced Friday. Her poem was
called "Daphne."
Honorable jnention was given to |
"Touchstone," by Douglas O. Nich
ols, and"The Shuttle," 'by Andrew
Glaze. Judges were Professor Her
bert D. Meritt, Professor Robert W.
Ackerman, and Mr John K. Mathi
son.
Mrs. Frank A. Hayes won the j
Clarence Urmy Poetry Prize of $40
for this year, the Poetry Prize com
mittee of the English Department
announced Friday. Her poem was
called "Daphne."
Honorable jnention was given to |
"Touchstone," by Douglas O. Nich
ols, and"The Shuttle," 'by Andrew
Glaze. Judges were Professor Her
bert D. Meritt, Professor Robert W.
Ackerman, and Mr John K. Mathi
son.
Mrs. Frank A. Hayes won the j
Clarence Urmy Poetry Prize of $40
for this year, the Poetry Prize com
mittee of the English Department
announced Friday. Her poem was
called "Daphne."
Honorable jnention was given to |
"Touchstone," by Douglas O. Nich
ols, and"The Shuttle," 'by Andrew
Glaze. Judges were Professor Her
bert D. Meritt, Professor Robert W.
Ackerman, and Mr John K. Mathi
son.
Mrs. Frank A. Hayes won the j
Clarence Urmy Poetry Prize of $40
for this year, the Poetry Prize com
mittee of the English Department
announced Friday. Her poem was
called "Daphne."
Honorable jnention was given to |
"Touchstone," by Douglas O. Nich
ols, and"The Shuttle," 'by Andrew
Glaze. Judges were Professor Her
bert D. Meritt, Professor Robert W.
Ackerman, and Mr John K. Mathi
son.
Mrs. Frank A. Hayes won the j
Clarence Urmy Poetry Prize of $40
for this year, the Poetry Prize com
mittee of the English Department
announced Friday. Her poem was
called "Daphne."
Honorable jnention was given to |
"Touchstone," by Douglas O. Nich
ols, and"The Shuttle," 'by Andrew
Glaze. Judges were Professor Her
bert D. Meritt, Professor Robert W.
Ackerman, and Mr John K. Mathi
son.
Mrs. Frank A. Hayes won the j
Clarence Urmy Poetry Prize of $40
for this year, the Poetry Prize com
mittee of the English Department
announced Friday. Her poem was
called "Daphne."
Honorable jnention was given to |
"Touchstone," by Douglas O. Nich
ols, and"The Shuttle," 'by Andrew
Glaze. Judges were Professor Her
bert D. Meritt, Professor Robert W.
Ackerman, and Mr John K. Mathi
son.
