# April Showers Will Come Lag's Way
## 
### 
Bids will go on sale today in
the Lagunita lobby to Lagunita and
Casa Ventura women and their
guests for the Lagunita ''April
Showers" formal to be held next
Friday, April 25, from 9 to 1 in the
Lagunita dining room. Lagunita and
Casa Ventura are collaborating in
the affair.
Ray Hackett and his orchestra are
scheduled to make a one - night
stand in the midst of a flower gar
den, according to Nancy Hand, gen
ial chairman of the formal. Ac
cordingly, outdoor activity—dancing
on the terrace and sitting dances out
on lawn furniture in the court —
will be emphasized. "We're playing
safe on the weather, however," stat
ed Ermalou Ebener, decorations
chairman, "and are constructing se
cluded flower gardens at either end
of the dining room." Miss Eberier
added that natural flowers will be
used nearly exclusively.
