# AWS to Sponsor Sale of Carnations
## 
### 
Associated Women Students
Scholarship Committee will hold
its second carnation sale of the
quarter this Saturday morning
before the game.
Sales will begin at 9:30 in the
various women's living groups
and on Quad, and the carnations
will sell for 25 cents apiece. Pro
ceeds will go to an AWS scholar
ship for a woman student.
Associated Women Students
Scholarship Committee will hold
its second carnation sale of the
quarter this Saturday morning
before the game.
Sales will begin at 9:30 in the
various women's living groups
and on Quad, and the carnations
will sell for 25 cents apiece. Pro
ceeds will go to an AWS scholar
ship for a woman student.
Associated Women Students
Scholarship Committee will hold
its second carnation sale of the
quarter this Saturday morning
before the game.
Sales will begin at 9:30 in the
various women's living groups
and on Quad, and the carnations
will sell for 25 cents apiece. Pro
ceeds will go to an AWS scholar
ship for a woman student.
Associated Women Students
Scholarship Committee will hold
its second carnation sale of the
quarter this Saturday morning
before the game.
Sales will begin at 9:30 in the
various women's living groups
and on Quad, and the carnations
will sell for 25 cents apiece. Pro
ceeds will go to an AWS scholar
ship for a woman student.
Associated Women Students
Scholarship Committee will hold
its second carnation sale of the
quarter this Saturday morning
before the game.
Sales will begin at 9:30 in the
various women's living groups
and on Quad, and the carnations
will sell for 25 cents apiece. Pro
ceeds will go to an AWS scholar
ship for a woman student.
Associated Women Students
Scholarship Committee will hold
its second carnation sale of the
quarter this Saturday morning
before the game.
Sales will begin at 9:30 in the
various women's living groups
and on Quad, and the carnations
will sell for 25 cents apiece. Pro
ceeds will go to an AWS scholar
ship for a woman student.
Associated Women Students
Scholarship Committee will hold
its second carnation sale of the
quarter this Saturday morning
before the game.
Sales will begin at 9:30 in the
various women's living groups
and on Quad, and the carnations
will sell for 25 cents apiece. Pro
ceeds will go to an AWS scholar
ship for a woman student.
Associated Women Students
Scholarship Committee will hold
its second carnation sale of the
quarter this Saturday morning
before the game.
Sales will begin at 9:30 in the
various women's living groups
and on Quad, and the carnations
will sell for 25 cents apiece. Pro
ceeds will go to an AWS scholar
ship for a woman student.
Associated Women Students
Scholarship Committee will hold
its second carnation sale of the
quarter this Saturday morning
before the game.
Sales will begin at 9:30 in the
various women's living groups
and on Quad, and the carnations
will sell for 25 cents apiece. Pro
ceeds will go to an AWS scholar
ship for a woman student.
Associated Women Students
Scholarship Committee will hold
its second carnation sale of the
quarter this Saturday morning
before the game.
Sales will begin at 9:30 in the
various women's living groups
and on Quad, and the carnations
will sell for 25 cents apiece. Pro
ceeds will go to an AWS scholar
ship for a woman student.
Associated Women Students
Scholarship Committee will hold
its second carnation sale of the
quarter this Saturday morning
before the game.
Sales will begin at 9:30 in the
various women's living groups
and on Quad, and the carnations
will sell for 25 cents apiece. Pro
ceeds will go to an AWS scholar
ship for a woman student.
Associated Women Students
Scholarship Committee will hold
its second carnation sale of the
quarter this Saturday morning
before the game.
Sales will begin at 9:30 in the
various women's living groups
and on Quad, and the carnations
will sell for 25 cents apiece. Pro
ceeds will go to an AWS scholar
ship for a woman student.
Associated Women Students
Scholarship Committee will hold
its second carnation sale of the
quarter this Saturday morning
before the game.
Sales will begin at 9:30 in the
various women's living groups
and on Quad, and the carnations
will sell for 25 cents apiece. Pro
ceeds will go to an AWS scholar
ship for a woman student.
Associated Women Students
Scholarship Committee will hold
its second carnation sale of the
quarter this Saturday morning
before the game.
Sales will begin at 9:30 in the
various women's living groups
and on Quad, and the carnations
will sell for 25 cents apiece. Pro
ceeds will go to an AWS scholar
ship for a woman student.
Associated Women Students
Scholarship Committee will hold
its second carnation sale of the
quarter this Saturday morning
before the game.
Sales will begin at 9:30 in the
various women's living groups
and on Quad, and the carnations
will sell for 25 cents apiece. Pro
ceeds will go to an AWS scholar
ship for a woman student.
Associated Women Students
Scholarship Committee will hold
its second carnation sale of the
quarter this Saturday morning
before the game.
Sales will begin at 9:30 in the
various women's living groups
and on Quad, and the carnations
will sell for 25 cents apiece. Pro
ceeds will go to an AWS scholar
ship for a woman student.
