# Under the Weather
## 
### 
Men's Rest Home: Gary .John
son, James Korth, Jerry Otchis,
John Vafis, David Walton, Fran
cisco Zevallos.
Palo Alto Hospital: Craig
Barnes, Bruce Benjamin, Ber
nard Dowd, Eugene Roger, Ste
phen Stewart, John Thomas, Sid
ney Yakowitz, Gordon Young.
Women's Rest Homo: Suz.ui
Echols, Judith Kadushin.
Men's Rest Home: Gary .John
son, James Korth, Jerry Otchis,
John Vafis, David Walton, Fran
cisco Zevallos.
Palo Alto Hospital: Craig
Barnes, Bruce Benjamin, Ber
nard Dowd, Eugene Roger, Ste
phen Stewart, John Thomas, Sid
ney Yakowitz, Gordon Young.
Women's Rest Homo: Suz.ui
Echols, Judith Kadushin.
Men's Rest Home: Gary .John
son, James Korth, Jerry Otchis,
John Vafis, David Walton, Fran
cisco Zevallos.
Palo Alto Hospital: Craig
Barnes, Bruce Benjamin, Ber
nard Dowd, Eugene Roger, Ste
phen Stewart, John Thomas, Sid
ney Yakowitz, Gordon Young.
Women's Rest Homo: Suz.ui
Echols, Judith Kadushin.
Men's Rest Home: Gary .John
son, James Korth, Jerry Otchis,
John Vafis, David Walton, Fran
cisco Zevallos.
Palo Alto Hospital: Craig
Barnes, Bruce Benjamin, Ber
nard Dowd, Eugene Roger, Ste
phen Stewart, John Thomas, Sid
ney Yakowitz, Gordon Young.
Women's Rest Homo: Suz.ui
Echols, Judith Kadushin.
Men's Rest Home: Gary .John
son, James Korth, Jerry Otchis,
John Vafis, David Walton, Fran
cisco Zevallos.
Palo Alto Hospital: Craig
Barnes, Bruce Benjamin, Ber
nard Dowd, Eugene Roger, Ste
phen Stewart, John Thomas, Sid
ney Yakowitz, Gordon Young.
Women's Rest Homo: Suz.ui
Echols, Judith Kadushin.
Men's Rest Home: Gary .John
son, James Korth, Jerry Otchis,
John Vafis, David Walton, Fran
cisco Zevallos.
Palo Alto Hospital: Craig
Barnes, Bruce Benjamin, Ber
nard Dowd, Eugene Roger, Ste
phen Stewart, John Thomas, Sid
ney Yakowitz, Gordon Young.
Women's Rest Homo: Suz.ui
Echols, Judith Kadushin.
Men's Rest Home: Gary .John
son, James Korth, Jerry Otchis,
John Vafis, David Walton, Fran
cisco Zevallos.
Palo Alto Hospital: Craig
Barnes, Bruce Benjamin, Ber
nard Dowd, Eugene Roger, Ste
phen Stewart, John Thomas, Sid
ney Yakowitz, Gordon Young.
Women's Rest Homo: Suz.ui
Echols, Judith Kadushin.
Men's Rest Home: Gary .John
son, James Korth, Jerry Otchis,
John Vafis, David Walton, Fran
cisco Zevallos.
Palo Alto Hospital: Craig
Barnes, Bruce Benjamin, Ber
nard Dowd, Eugene Roger, Ste
phen Stewart, John Thomas, Sid
ney Yakowitz, Gordon Young.
Women's Rest Homo: Suz.ui
Echols, Judith Kadushin.
Men's Rest Home: Gary .John
son, James Korth, Jerry Otchis,
John Vafis, David Walton, Fran
cisco Zevallos.
Palo Alto Hospital: Craig
Barnes, Bruce Benjamin, Ber
nard Dowd, Eugene Roger, Ste
phen Stewart, John Thomas, Sid
ney Yakowitz, Gordon Young.
Women's Rest Homo: Suz.ui
Echols, Judith Kadushin.
Men's Rest Home: Gary .John
son, James Korth, Jerry Otchis,
John Vafis, David Walton, Fran
cisco Zevallos.
Palo Alto Hospital: Craig
Barnes, Bruce Benjamin, Ber
nard Dowd, Eugene Roger, Ste
phen Stewart, John Thomas, Sid
ney Yakowitz, Gordon Young.
Women's Rest Homo: Suz.ui
Echols, Judith Kadushin.
Men's Rest Home: Gary .John
son, James Korth, Jerry Otchis,
John Vafis, David Walton, Fran
cisco Zevallos.
Palo Alto Hospital: Craig
Barnes, Bruce Benjamin, Ber
nard Dowd, Eugene Roger, Ste
phen Stewart, John Thomas, Sid
ney Yakowitz, Gordon Young.
Women's Rest Homo: Suz.ui
Echols, Judith Kadushin.
Men's Rest Home: Gary .John
son, James Korth, Jerry Otchis,
John Vafis, David Walton, Fran
cisco Zevallos.
Palo Alto Hospital: Craig
Barnes, Bruce Benjamin, Ber
nard Dowd, Eugene Roger, Ste
phen Stewart, John Thomas, Sid
ney Yakowitz, Gordon Young.
Women's Rest Homo: Suz.ui
Echols, Judith Kadushin.
Men's Rest Home: Gary .John
son, James Korth, Jerry Otchis,
John Vafis, David Walton, Fran
cisco Zevallos.
Palo Alto Hospital: Craig
Barnes, Bruce Benjamin, Ber
nard Dowd, Eugene Roger, Ste
phen Stewart, John Thomas, Sid
ney Yakowitz, Gordon Young.
Women's Rest Homo: Suz.ui
Echols, Judith Kadushin.
Men's Rest Home: Gary .John
son, James Korth, Jerry Otchis,
John Vafis, David Walton, Fran
cisco Zevallos.
Palo Alto Hospital: Craig
Barnes, Bruce Benjamin, Ber
nard Dowd, Eugene Roger, Ste
phen Stewart, John Thomas, Sid
ney Yakowitz, Gordon Young.
Women's Rest Homo: Suz.ui
Echols, Judith Kadushin.
Men's Rest Home: Gary .John
son, James Korth, Jerry Otchis,
John Vafis, David Walton, Fran
cisco Zevallos.
Palo Alto Hospital: Craig
Barnes, Bruce Benjamin, Ber
nard Dowd, Eugene Roger, Ste
phen Stewart, John Thomas, Sid
ney Yakowitz, Gordon Young.
Women's Rest Homo: Suz.ui
Echols, Judith Kadushin.
Men's Rest Home: Gary .John
son, James Korth, Jerry Otchis,
John Vafis, David Walton, Fran
cisco Zevallos.
Palo Alto Hospital: Craig
Barnes, Bruce Benjamin, Ber
nard Dowd, Eugene Roger, Ste
phen Stewart, John Thomas, Sid
ney Yakowitz, Gordon Young.
Women's Rest Homo: Suz.ui
Echols, Judith Kadushin.
