# 'Y' Cookie Sale Opening Today
## 
### 
The "Y" is sponsoring a cookie
sale today at Engineering Corner
and at the Post Office from 11
a.m. until 2 p.m.
The cookies, three for 10 cents,
all are home made. Varieties are
butterscotch, peanut butter, choc
olate chip, macaroon and brown
ies.
The proceeds from the sale will
go toward scholarships for the
"Y" Conference at Asilomar.
The "Y" is sponsoring a cookie
sale today at Engineering Corner
and at the Post Office from 11
a.m. until 2 p.m.
The cookies, three for 10 cents,
all are home made. Varieties are
butterscotch, peanut butter, choc
olate chip, macaroon and brown
ies.
The proceeds from the sale will
go toward scholarships for the
"Y" Conference at Asilomar.
The "Y" is sponsoring a cookie
sale today at Engineering Corner
and at the Post Office from 11
a.m. until 2 p.m.
The cookies, three for 10 cents,
all are home made. Varieties are
butterscotch, peanut butter, choc
olate chip, macaroon and brown
ies.
The proceeds from the sale will
go toward scholarships for the
"Y" Conference at Asilomar.
The "Y" is sponsoring a cookie
sale today at Engineering Corner
and at the Post Office from 11
a.m. until 2 p.m.
The cookies, three for 10 cents,
all are home made. Varieties are
butterscotch, peanut butter, choc
olate chip, macaroon and brown
ies.
The proceeds from the sale will
go toward scholarships for the
"Y" Conference at Asilomar.
The "Y" is sponsoring a cookie
sale today at Engineering Corner
and at the Post Office from 11
a.m. until 2 p.m.
The cookies, three for 10 cents,
all are home made. Varieties are
butterscotch, peanut butter, choc
olate chip, macaroon and brown
ies.
The proceeds from the sale will
go toward scholarships for the
"Y" Conference at Asilomar.
The "Y" is sponsoring a cookie
sale today at Engineering Corner
and at the Post Office from 11
a.m. until 2 p.m.
The cookies, three for 10 cents,
all are home made. Varieties are
butterscotch, peanut butter, choc
olate chip, macaroon and brown
ies.
The proceeds from the sale will
go toward scholarships for the
"Y" Conference at Asilomar.
The "Y" is sponsoring a cookie
sale today at Engineering Corner
and at the Post Office from 11
a.m. until 2 p.m.
The cookies, three for 10 cents,
all are home made. Varieties are
butterscotch, peanut butter, choc
olate chip, macaroon and brown
ies.
The proceeds from the sale will
go toward scholarships for the
"Y" Conference at Asilomar.
The "Y" is sponsoring a cookie
sale today at Engineering Corner
and at the Post Office from 11
a.m. until 2 p.m.
The cookies, three for 10 cents,
all are home made. Varieties are
butterscotch, peanut butter, choc
olate chip, macaroon and brown
ies.
The proceeds from the sale will
go toward scholarships for the
"Y" Conference at Asilomar.
The "Y" is sponsoring a cookie
sale today at Engineering Corner
and at the Post Office from 11
a.m. until 2 p.m.
The cookies, three for 10 cents,
all are home made. Varieties are
butterscotch, peanut butter, choc
olate chip, macaroon and brown
ies.
The proceeds from the sale will
go toward scholarships for the
"Y" Conference at Asilomar.
The "Y" is sponsoring a cookie
sale today at Engineering Corner
and at the Post Office from 11
a.m. until 2 p.m.
The cookies, three for 10 cents,
all are home made. Varieties are
butterscotch, peanut butter, choc
olate chip, macaroon and brown
ies.
The proceeds from the sale will
go toward scholarships for the
"Y" Conference at Asilomar.
The "Y" is sponsoring a cookie
sale today at Engineering Corner
and at the Post Office from 11
a.m. until 2 p.m.
The cookies, three for 10 cents,
all are home made. Varieties are
butterscotch, peanut butter, choc
olate chip, macaroon and brown
ies.
The proceeds from the sale will
go toward scholarships for the
"Y" Conference at Asilomar.
The "Y" is sponsoring a cookie
sale today at Engineering Corner
and at the Post Office from 11
a.m. until 2 p.m.
The cookies, three for 10 cents,
all are home made. Varieties are
butterscotch, peanut butter, choc
olate chip, macaroon and brown
ies.
The proceeds from the sale will
go toward scholarships for the
"Y" Conference at Asilomar.
The "Y" is sponsoring a cookie
sale today at Engineering Corner
and at the Post Office from 11
a.m. until 2 p.m.
The cookies, three for 10 cents,
all are home made. Varieties are
butterscotch, peanut butter, choc
olate chip, macaroon and brown
ies.
The proceeds from the sale will
go toward scholarships for the
"Y" Conference at Asilomar.
The "Y" is sponsoring a cookie
sale today at Engineering Corner
and at the Post Office from 11
a.m. until 2 p.m.
The cookies, three for 10 cents,
all are home made. Varieties are
butterscotch, peanut butter, choc
olate chip, macaroon and brown
ies.
The proceeds from the sale will
go toward scholarships for the
"Y" Conference at Asilomar.
The "Y" is sponsoring a cookie
sale today at Engineering Corner
and at the Post Office from 11
a.m. until 2 p.m.
The cookies, three for 10 cents,
all are home made. Varieties are
butterscotch, peanut butter, choc
olate chip, macaroon and brown
ies.
The proceeds from the sale will
go toward scholarships for the
"Y" Conference at Asilomar.
The "Y" is sponsoring a cookie
sale today at Engineering Corner
and at the Post Office from 11
a.m. until 2 p.m.
The cookies, three for 10 cents,
all are home made. Varieties are
butterscotch, peanut butter, choc
olate chip, macaroon and brown
ies.
The proceeds from the sale will
go toward scholarships for the
"Y" Conference at Asilomar.
