# Council Suspends Two Students For Conduct
## 
### 
As discipline for flagrant disobedi
ence of University regulations, the
Men's Council for Student Control has
suspended a student from the Uni
versity for the remainder of the winter
quarter, 1919-20.
As discipline for ungentlemanly con
duct at a University dance the Men's
Council for Student Control has sus
pended a student from the University
for the remainder of the winter quar
ter, 1919-20.
As discipline for flagrant disobedi
ence of University regulations, the
Men's Council for Student Control has
suspended a student from the Uni
versity for the remainder of the winter
quarter, 1919-20.
As discipline for ungentlemanly con
duct at a University dance the Men's
Council for Student Control has sus
pended a student from the University
for the remainder of the winter quar
ter, 1919-20.
As discipline for flagrant disobedi
ence of University regulations, the
Men's Council for Student Control has
suspended a student from the Uni
versity for the remainder of the winter
quarter, 1919-20.
As discipline for ungentlemanly con
duct at a University dance the Men's
Council for Student Control has sus
pended a student from the University
for the remainder of the winter quar
ter, 1919-20.
As discipline for flagrant disobedi
ence of University regulations, the
Men's Council for Student Control has
suspended a student from the Uni
versity for the remainder of the winter
quarter, 1919-20.
As discipline for ungentlemanly con
duct at a University dance the Men's
Council for Student Control has sus
pended a student from the University
for the remainder of the winter quar
ter, 1919-20.
As discipline for flagrant disobedi
ence of University regulations, the
Men's Council for Student Control has
suspended a student from the Uni
versity for the remainder of the winter
quarter, 1919-20.
As discipline for ungentlemanly con
duct at a University dance the Men's
Council for Student Control has sus
pended a student from the University
for the remainder of the winter quar
ter, 1919-20.
As discipline for flagrant disobedi
ence of University regulations, the
Men's Council for Student Control has
suspended a student from the Uni
versity for the remainder of the winter
quarter, 1919-20.
As discipline for ungentlemanly con
duct at a University dance the Men's
Council for Student Control has sus
pended a student from the University
for the remainder of the winter quar
ter, 1919-20.
As discipline for flagrant disobedi
ence of University regulations, the
Men's Council for Student Control has
suspended a student from the Uni
versity for the remainder of the winter
quarter, 1919-20.
As discipline for ungentlemanly con
duct at a University dance the Men's
Council for Student Control has sus
pended a student from the University
for the remainder of the winter quar
ter, 1919-20.
As discipline for flagrant disobedi
ence of University regulations, the
Men's Council for Student Control has
suspended a student from the Uni
versity for the remainder of the winter
quarter, 1919-20.
As discipline for ungentlemanly con
duct at a University dance the Men's
Council for Student Control has sus
pended a student from the University
for the remainder of the winter quar
ter, 1919-20.
As discipline for flagrant disobedi
ence of University regulations, the
Men's Council for Student Control has
suspended a student from the Uni
versity for the remainder of the winter
quarter, 1919-20.
As discipline for ungentlemanly con
duct at a University dance the Men's
Council for Student Control has sus
pended a student from the University
for the remainder of the winter quar
ter, 1919-20.
As discipline for flagrant disobedi
ence of University regulations, the
Men's Council for Student Control has
suspended a student from the Uni
versity for the remainder of the winter
quarter, 1919-20.
As discipline for ungentlemanly con
duct at a University dance the Men's
Council for Student Control has sus
pended a student from the University
for the remainder of the winter quar
ter, 1919-20.
As discipline for flagrant disobedi
ence of University regulations, the
Men's Council for Student Control has
suspended a student from the Uni
versity for the remainder of the winter
quarter, 1919-20.
As discipline for ungentlemanly con
duct at a University dance the Men's
Council for Student Control has sus
pended a student from the University
for the remainder of the winter quar
ter, 1919-20.
As discipline for flagrant disobedi
ence of University regulations, the
Men's Council for Student Control has
suspended a student from the Uni
versity for the remainder of the winter
quarter, 1919-20.
As discipline for ungentlemanly con
duct at a University dance the Men's
Council for Student Control has sus
pended a student from the University
for the remainder of the winter quar
ter, 1919-20.
