# Adv. 19 Page 4
## 
### 
HUDSON 1
Cars Painted
$15.00 up
I
* |
Palo I
Repairs and
Scrvicc on
all makes of
cars
Alto 1
Mechanics
with not less
than ten years' B§jj
experience
Garage I
Automotive
Engineers
440-442 Emerson
(just off University)
PhiS Miebach, Prop.
0
I
Bod/, Top
and
Fender Work
#
Terraplane
HUDSON 1
Cars Painted
$15.00 up
I
* |
Palo I
Repairs and
Scrvicc on
all makes of
cars
Alto 1
Mechanics
with not less
than ten years' B§jj
experience
Garage I
Automotive
Engineers
440-442 Emerson
(just off University)
PhiS Miebach, Prop.
0
I
Bod/, Top
and
Fender Work
#
Terraplane
HUDSON 1
Cars Painted
$15.00 up
I
* |
Palo I
Repairs and
Scrvicc on
all makes of
cars
Alto 1
Mechanics
with not less
than ten years' B§jj
experience
Garage I
Automotive
Engineers
440-442 Emerson
(just off University)
PhiS Miebach, Prop.
0
I
Bod/, Top
and
Fender Work
#
Terraplane
HUDSON 1
Cars Painted
$15.00 up
I
* |
Palo I
Repairs and
Scrvicc on
all makes of
cars
Alto 1
Mechanics
with not less
than ten years' B§jj
experience
Garage I
Automotive
Engineers
440-442 Emerson
(just off University)
PhiS Miebach, Prop.
0
I
Bod/, Top
and
Fender Work
#
Terraplane
HUDSON 1
Cars Painted
$15.00 up
I
* |
Palo I
Repairs and
Scrvicc on
all makes of
cars
Alto 1
Mechanics
with not less
than ten years' B§jj
experience
Garage I
Automotive
Engineers
440-442 Emerson
(just off University)
PhiS Miebach, Prop.
0
I
Bod/, Top
and
Fender Work
#
Terraplane
HUDSON 1
Cars Painted
$15.00 up
I
* |
Palo I
Repairs and
Scrvicc on
all makes of
cars
Alto 1
Mechanics
with not less
than ten years' B§jj
experience
Garage I
Automotive
Engineers
440-442 Emerson
(just off University)
PhiS Miebach, Prop.
0
I
Bod/, Top
and
Fender Work
#
Terraplane
HUDSON 1
Cars Painted
$15.00 up
I
* |
Palo I
Repairs and
Scrvicc on
all makes of
cars
Alto 1
Mechanics
with not less
than ten years' B§jj
experience
Garage I
Automotive
Engineers
440-442 Emerson
(just off University)
PhiS Miebach, Prop.
0
I
Bod/, Top
and
Fender Work
#
Terraplane
HUDSON 1
Cars Painted
$15.00 up
I
* |
Palo I
Repairs and
Scrvicc on
all makes of
cars
Alto 1
Mechanics
with not less
than ten years' B§jj
experience
Garage I
Automotive
Engineers
440-442 Emerson
(just off University)
PhiS Miebach, Prop.
0
I
Bod/, Top
and
Fender Work
#
Terraplane
HUDSON 1
Cars Painted
$15.00 up
I
* |
Palo I
Repairs and
Scrvicc on
all makes of
cars
Alto 1
Mechanics
with not less
than ten years' B§jj
experience
Garage I
Automotive
Engineers
440-442 Emerson
(just off University)
PhiS Miebach, Prop.
0
I
Bod/, Top
and
Fender Work
#
Terraplane
HUDSON 1
Cars Painted
$15.00 up
I
* |
Palo I
Repairs and
Scrvicc on
all makes of
cars
Alto 1
Mechanics
with not less
than ten years' B§jj
experience
Garage I
Automotive
Engineers
440-442 Emerson
(just off University)
PhiS Miebach, Prop.
0
I
Bod/, Top
and
Fender Work
#
Terraplane
HUDSON 1
Cars Painted
$15.00 up
I
* |
Palo I
Repairs and
Scrvicc on
all makes of
cars
Alto 1
Mechanics
with not less
than ten years' B§jj
experience
Garage I
Automotive
Engineers
440-442 Emerson
(just off University)
PhiS Miebach, Prop.
0
I
Bod/, Top
and
Fender Work
#
Terraplane
HUDSON 1
Cars Painted
$15.00 up
I
* |
Palo I
Repairs and
Scrvicc on
all makes of
cars
Alto 1
Mechanics
with not less
than ten years' B§jj
experience
Garage I
Automotive
Engineers
440-442 Emerson
(just off University)
PhiS Miebach, Prop.
0
I
Bod/, Top
and
Fender Work
#
Terraplane
HUDSON 1
Cars Painted
$15.00 up
I
* |
Palo I
Repairs and
Scrvicc on
all makes of
cars
Alto 1
Mechanics
with not less
than ten years' B§jj
experience
Garage I
Automotive
Engineers
440-442 Emerson
(just off University)
PhiS Miebach, Prop.
0
I
Bod/, Top
and
Fender Work
#
Terraplane
HUDSON 1
Cars Painted
$15.00 up
I
* |
Palo I
Repairs and
Scrvicc on
all makes of
cars
Alto 1
Mechanics
with not less
than ten years' B§jj
experience
Garage I
Automotive
Engineers
440-442 Emerson
(just off University)
PhiS Miebach, Prop.
0
I
Bod/, Top
and
Fender Work
#
Terraplane
HUDSON 1
Cars Painted
$15.00 up
I
* |
Palo I
Repairs and
Scrvicc on
all makes of
cars
Alto 1
Mechanics
with not less
than ten years' B§jj
experience
Garage I
Automotive
Engineers
440-442 Emerson
(just off University)
PhiS Miebach, Prop.
0
I
Bod/, Top
and
Fender Work
#
Terraplane
HUDSON 1
Cars Painted
$15.00 up
I
* |
Palo I
Repairs and
Scrvicc on
all makes of
cars
Alto 1
Mechanics
with not less
than ten years' B§jj
experience
Garage I
Automotive
Engineers
440-442 Emerson
(just off University)
PhiS Miebach, Prop.
0
I
Bod/, Top
and
Fender Work
#
Terraplane
