# Students Must Pay Syllabus Fees Today
## 
### 
Syllabus fees must be paid by 5
o'clock this afternoon, according to
the accounting department. The
cashier's office will be open from
8 to 12 and 1 to 4:15 o'clock.
Students are reminded that a two
dollar additional charge will be
made on late payments, and regis
tration will be subject to cancella
tion if fees are not paid by May 19.
Questions regarding charges should
be submitted to the Registrar's of
fice for adjustment before paying.
Syllabus fees must be paid by 5
o'clock this afternoon, according to
the accounting department. The
cashier's office will be open from
8 to 12 and 1 to 4:15 o'clock.
Students are reminded that a two
dollar additional charge will be
made on late payments, and regis
tration will be subject to cancella
tion if fees are not paid by May 19.
Questions regarding charges should
be submitted to the Registrar's of
fice for adjustment before paying.
Syllabus fees must be paid by 5
o'clock this afternoon, according to
the accounting department. The
cashier's office will be open from
8 to 12 and 1 to 4:15 o'clock.
Students are reminded that a two
dollar additional charge will be
made on late payments, and regis
tration will be subject to cancella
tion if fees are not paid by May 19.
Questions regarding charges should
be submitted to the Registrar's of
fice for adjustment before paying.
Syllabus fees must be paid by 5
o'clock this afternoon, according to
the accounting department. The
cashier's office will be open from
8 to 12 and 1 to 4:15 o'clock.
Students are reminded that a two
dollar additional charge will be
made on late payments, and regis
tration will be subject to cancella
tion if fees are not paid by May 19.
Questions regarding charges should
be submitted to the Registrar's of
fice for adjustment before paying.
Syllabus fees must be paid by 5
o'clock this afternoon, according to
the accounting department. The
cashier's office will be open from
8 to 12 and 1 to 4:15 o'clock.
Students are reminded that a two
dollar additional charge will be
made on late payments, and regis
tration will be subject to cancella
tion if fees are not paid by May 19.
Questions regarding charges should
be submitted to the Registrar's of
fice for adjustment before paying.
Syllabus fees must be paid by 5
o'clock this afternoon, according to
the accounting department. The
cashier's office will be open from
8 to 12 and 1 to 4:15 o'clock.
Students are reminded that a two
dollar additional charge will be
made on late payments, and regis
tration will be subject to cancella
tion if fees are not paid by May 19.
Questions regarding charges should
be submitted to the Registrar's of
fice for adjustment before paying.
Syllabus fees must be paid by 5
o'clock this afternoon, according to
the accounting department. The
cashier's office will be open from
8 to 12 and 1 to 4:15 o'clock.
Students are reminded that a two
dollar additional charge will be
made on late payments, and regis
tration will be subject to cancella
tion if fees are not paid by May 19.
Questions regarding charges should
be submitted to the Registrar's of
fice for adjustment before paying.
Syllabus fees must be paid by 5
o'clock this afternoon, according to
the accounting department. The
cashier's office will be open from
8 to 12 and 1 to 4:15 o'clock.
Students are reminded that a two
dollar additional charge will be
made on late payments, and regis
tration will be subject to cancella
tion if fees are not paid by May 19.
Questions regarding charges should
be submitted to the Registrar's of
fice for adjustment before paying.
Syllabus fees must be paid by 5
o'clock this afternoon, according to
the accounting department. The
cashier's office will be open from
8 to 12 and 1 to 4:15 o'clock.
Students are reminded that a two
dollar additional charge will be
made on late payments, and regis
tration will be subject to cancella
tion if fees are not paid by May 19.
Questions regarding charges should
be submitted to the Registrar's of
fice for adjustment before paying.
Syllabus fees must be paid by 5
o'clock this afternoon, according to
the accounting department. The
cashier's office will be open from
8 to 12 and 1 to 4:15 o'clock.
Students are reminded that a two
dollar additional charge will be
made on late payments, and regis
tration will be subject to cancella
tion if fees are not paid by May 19.
Questions regarding charges should
be submitted to the Registrar's of
fice for adjustment before paying.
Syllabus fees must be paid by 5
o'clock this afternoon, according to
the accounting department. The
cashier's office will be open from
8 to 12 and 1 to 4:15 o'clock.
Students are reminded that a two
dollar additional charge will be
made on late payments, and regis
tration will be subject to cancella
tion if fees are not paid by May 19.
Questions regarding charges should
be submitted to the Registrar's of
fice for adjustment before paying.
Syllabus fees must be paid by 5
o'clock this afternoon, according to
the accounting department. The
cashier's office will be open from
8 to 12 and 1 to 4:15 o'clock.
Students are reminded that a two
dollar additional charge will be
made on late payments, and regis
tration will be subject to cancella
tion if fees are not paid by May 19.
Questions regarding charges should
be submitted to the Registrar's of
fice for adjustment before paying.
Syllabus fees must be paid by 5
o'clock this afternoon, according to
the accounting department. The
cashier's office will be open from
8 to 12 and 1 to 4:15 o'clock.
Students are reminded that a two
dollar additional charge will be
made on late payments, and regis
tration will be subject to cancella
tion if fees are not paid by May 19.
Questions regarding charges should
be submitted to the Registrar's of
fice for adjustment before paying.
Syllabus fees must be paid by 5
o'clock this afternoon, according to
the accounting department. The
cashier's office will be open from
8 to 12 and 1 to 4:15 o'clock.
Students are reminded that a two
dollar additional charge will be
made on late payments, and regis
tration will be subject to cancella
tion if fees are not paid by May 19.
Questions regarding charges should
be submitted to the Registrar's of
fice for adjustment before paying.
Syllabus fees must be paid by 5
o'clock this afternoon, according to
the accounting department. The
cashier's office will be open from
8 to 12 and 1 to 4:15 o'clock.
Students are reminded that a two
dollar additional charge will be
made on late payments, and regis
tration will be subject to cancella
tion if fees are not paid by May 19.
Questions regarding charges should
be submitted to the Registrar's of
fice for adjustment before paying.
Syllabus fees must be paid by 5
o'clock this afternoon, according to
the accounting department. The
cashier's office will be open from
8 to 12 and 1 to 4:15 o'clock.
Students are reminded that a two
dollar additional charge will be
made on late payments, and regis
tration will be subject to cancella
tion if fees are not paid by May 19.
Questions regarding charges should
be submitted to the Registrar's of
fice for adjustment before paying.
