# Freshmen Tie Belmont.
## 
### 
The Freshmen team played nine
innings of close and interesting
baseball with the Belmont School
team yesterday afternoon, each
side scoring three runs. Sales for
the Freshmen and Oxnan for the
preparatory boys pitched good ball
and succeeded in holding the hits
down to a small figure. The
Freshmen scored their first run in
the first inning but were unable to
equal the lead of one run that Bel
mont gained in the fifth until the
last of the eighth. With threemen
on bases Colbert hit the ball to
right field and two men crossed the
plate. In the ninth Belmont tied
the score,but the game had to stop
on account of darkness. Sales
pitched unusually good hall and
pulled himself out of several holes
in a masterful manner. Arrange
ments for a return game to be
played on the campus in the near
future are already under way.
The Freshmen team played nine
innings of close and interesting
baseball with the Belmont School
team yesterday afternoon, each
side scoring three runs. Sales for
the Freshmen and Oxnan for the
preparatory boys pitched good ball
and succeeded in holding the hits
down to a small figure. The
Freshmen scored their first run in
the first inning but were unable to
equal the lead of one run that Bel
mont gained in the fifth until the
last of the eighth. With threemen
on bases Colbert hit the ball to
right field and two men crossed the
plate. In the ninth Belmont tied
the score,but the game had to stop
on account of darkness. Sales
pitched unusually good hall and
pulled himself out of several holes
in a masterful manner. Arrange
ments for a return game to be
played on the campus in the near
future are already under way.
The Freshmen team played nine
innings of close and interesting
baseball with the Belmont School
team yesterday afternoon, each
side scoring three runs. Sales for
the Freshmen and Oxnan for the
preparatory boys pitched good ball
and succeeded in holding the hits
down to a small figure. The
Freshmen scored their first run in
the first inning but were unable to
equal the lead of one run that Bel
mont gained in the fifth until the
last of the eighth. With threemen
on bases Colbert hit the ball to
right field and two men crossed the
plate. In the ninth Belmont tied
the score,but the game had to stop
on account of darkness. Sales
pitched unusually good hall and
pulled himself out of several holes
in a masterful manner. Arrange
ments for a return game to be
played on the campus in the near
future are already under way.
The Freshmen team played nine
innings of close and interesting
baseball with the Belmont School
team yesterday afternoon, each
side scoring three runs. Sales for
the Freshmen and Oxnan for the
preparatory boys pitched good ball
and succeeded in holding the hits
down to a small figure. The
Freshmen scored their first run in
the first inning but were unable to
equal the lead of one run that Bel
mont gained in the fifth until the
last of the eighth. With threemen
on bases Colbert hit the ball to
right field and two men crossed the
plate. In the ninth Belmont tied
the score,but the game had to stop
on account of darkness. Sales
pitched unusually good hall and
pulled himself out of several holes
in a masterful manner. Arrange
ments for a return game to be
played on the campus in the near
future are already under way.
The Freshmen team played nine
innings of close and interesting
baseball with the Belmont School
team yesterday afternoon, each
side scoring three runs. Sales for
the Freshmen and Oxnan for the
preparatory boys pitched good ball
and succeeded in holding the hits
down to a small figure. The
Freshmen scored their first run in
the first inning but were unable to
equal the lead of one run that Bel
mont gained in the fifth until the
last of the eighth. With threemen
on bases Colbert hit the ball to
right field and two men crossed the
plate. In the ninth Belmont tied
the score,but the game had to stop
on account of darkness. Sales
pitched unusually good hall and
pulled himself out of several holes
in a masterful manner. Arrange
ments for a return game to be
played on the campus in the near
future are already under way.
The Freshmen team played nine
innings of close and interesting
baseball with the Belmont School
team yesterday afternoon, each
side scoring three runs. Sales for
the Freshmen and Oxnan for the
preparatory boys pitched good ball
and succeeded in holding the hits
down to a small figure. The
Freshmen scored their first run in
the first inning but were unable to
equal the lead of one run that Bel
mont gained in the fifth until the
last of the eighth. With threemen
on bases Colbert hit the ball to
right field and two men crossed the
plate. In the ninth Belmont tied
the score,but the game had to stop
on account of darkness. Sales
pitched unusually good hall and
pulled himself out of several holes
in a masterful manner. Arrange
ments for a return game to be
played on the campus in the near
future are already under way.
The Freshmen team played nine
innings of close and interesting
baseball with the Belmont School
team yesterday afternoon, each
side scoring three runs. Sales for
the Freshmen and Oxnan for the
preparatory boys pitched good ball
and succeeded in holding the hits
down to a small figure. The
Freshmen scored their first run in
the first inning but were unable to
equal the lead of one run that Bel
mont gained in the fifth until the
last of the eighth. With threemen
on bases Colbert hit the ball to
right field and two men crossed the
plate. In the ninth Belmont tied
the score,but the game had to stop
on account of darkness. Sales
pitched unusually good hall and
pulled himself out of several holes
in a masterful manner. Arrange
ments for a return game to be
played on the campus in the near
future are already under way.
The Freshmen team played nine
innings of close and interesting
baseball with the Belmont School
team yesterday afternoon, each
side scoring three runs. Sales for
the Freshmen and Oxnan for the
preparatory boys pitched good ball
and succeeded in holding the hits
down to a small figure. The
Freshmen scored their first run in
the first inning but were unable to
equal the lead of one run that Bel
mont gained in the fifth until the
last of the eighth. With threemen
on bases Colbert hit the ball to
right field and two men crossed the
plate. In the ninth Belmont tied
the score,but the game had to stop
on account of darkness. Sales
pitched unusually good hall and
pulled himself out of several holes
in a masterful manner. Arrange
ments for a return game to be
played on the campus in the near
future are already under way.
