# GRADUATES MUST PUT IN CAP AND GOWN ORDERS
## 
### 
According to the plans of the Senior
Week Committee all graduates will
wear caps and gowns at Commence
ment. These may be rented through
the Bookstore for a small sum. Ap
plication should be made Immediately
by all graduating students for the
academic gowns that their orders may
bo flllod in time.
According to the plans of the Senior
Week Committee all graduates will
wear caps and gowns at Commence
ment. These may be rented through
the Bookstore for a small sum. Ap
plication should be made Immediately
by all graduating students for the
academic gowns that their orders may
bo flllod in time.
According to the plans of the Senior
Week Committee all graduates will
wear caps and gowns at Commence
ment. These may be rented through
the Bookstore for a small sum. Ap
plication should be made Immediately
by all graduating students for the
academic gowns that their orders may
bo flllod in time.
According to the plans of the Senior
Week Committee all graduates will
wear caps and gowns at Commence
ment. These may be rented through
the Bookstore for a small sum. Ap
plication should be made Immediately
by all graduating students for the
academic gowns that their orders may
bo flllod in time.
According to the plans of the Senior
Week Committee all graduates will
wear caps and gowns at Commence
ment. These may be rented through
the Bookstore for a small sum. Ap
plication should be made Immediately
by all graduating students for the
academic gowns that their orders may
bo flllod in time.
According to the plans of the Senior
Week Committee all graduates will
wear caps and gowns at Commence
ment. These may be rented through
the Bookstore for a small sum. Ap
plication should be made Immediately
by all graduating students for the
academic gowns that their orders may
bo flllod in time.
According to the plans of the Senior
Week Committee all graduates will
wear caps and gowns at Commence
ment. These may be rented through
the Bookstore for a small sum. Ap
plication should be made Immediately
by all graduating students for the
academic gowns that their orders may
bo flllod in time.
According to the plans of the Senior
Week Committee all graduates will
wear caps and gowns at Commence
ment. These may be rented through
the Bookstore for a small sum. Ap
plication should be made Immediately
by all graduating students for the
academic gowns that their orders may
bo flllod in time.
According to the plans of the Senior
Week Committee all graduates will
wear caps and gowns at Commence
ment. These may be rented through
the Bookstore for a small sum. Ap
plication should be made Immediately
by all graduating students for the
academic gowns that their orders may
bo flllod in time.
According to the plans of the Senior
Week Committee all graduates will
wear caps and gowns at Commence
ment. These may be rented through
the Bookstore for a small sum. Ap
plication should be made Immediately
by all graduating students for the
academic gowns that their orders may
bo flllod in time.
According to the plans of the Senior
Week Committee all graduates will
wear caps and gowns at Commence
ment. These may be rented through
the Bookstore for a small sum. Ap
plication should be made Immediately
by all graduating students for the
academic gowns that their orders may
bo flllod in time.
According to the plans of the Senior
Week Committee all graduates will
wear caps and gowns at Commence
ment. These may be rented through
the Bookstore for a small sum. Ap
plication should be made Immediately
by all graduating students for the
academic gowns that their orders may
bo flllod in time.
According to the plans of the Senior
Week Committee all graduates will
wear caps and gowns at Commence
ment. These may be rented through
the Bookstore for a small sum. Ap
plication should be made Immediately
by all graduating students for the
academic gowns that their orders may
bo flllod in time.
According to the plans of the Senior
Week Committee all graduates will
wear caps and gowns at Commence
ment. These may be rented through
the Bookstore for a small sum. Ap
plication should be made Immediately
by all graduating students for the
academic gowns that their orders may
bo flllod in time.
According to the plans of the Senior
Week Committee all graduates will
wear caps and gowns at Commence
ment. These may be rented through
the Bookstore for a small sum. Ap
plication should be made Immediately
by all graduating students for the
academic gowns that their orders may
bo flllod in time.
