# LAW MEN ARE INITIATED
## 
### 
Phi Delta Phi law honor fraternity
initiated two new members at a meet
ing held last Wednesday night. The
men are: W. IT. Coombs, '19, and L.
H. Rerendsen, '19. Coombs is a mem
ber of Beta Theta Pi, and Berendsen
is a Chi Psi.
Phi Delta Phi law honor fraternity
initiated two new members at a meet
ing held last Wednesday night. The
men are: W. IT. Coombs, '19, and L.
H. Rerendsen, '19. Coombs is a mem
ber of Beta Theta Pi, and Berendsen
is a Chi Psi.
Phi Delta Phi law honor fraternity
initiated two new members at a meet
ing held last Wednesday night. The
men are: W. IT. Coombs, '19, and L.
H. Rerendsen, '19. Coombs is a mem
ber of Beta Theta Pi, and Berendsen
is a Chi Psi.
Phi Delta Phi law honor fraternity
initiated two new members at a meet
ing held last Wednesday night. The
men are: W. IT. Coombs, '19, and L.
H. Rerendsen, '19. Coombs is a mem
ber of Beta Theta Pi, and Berendsen
is a Chi Psi.
Phi Delta Phi law honor fraternity
initiated two new members at a meet
ing held last Wednesday night. The
men are: W. IT. Coombs, '19, and L.
H. Rerendsen, '19. Coombs is a mem
ber of Beta Theta Pi, and Berendsen
is a Chi Psi.
Phi Delta Phi law honor fraternity
initiated two new members at a meet
ing held last Wednesday night. The
men are: W. IT. Coombs, '19, and L.
H. Rerendsen, '19. Coombs is a mem
ber of Beta Theta Pi, and Berendsen
is a Chi Psi.
Phi Delta Phi law honor fraternity
initiated two new members at a meet
ing held last Wednesday night. The
men are: W. IT. Coombs, '19, and L.
H. Rerendsen, '19. Coombs is a mem
ber of Beta Theta Pi, and Berendsen
is a Chi Psi.
Phi Delta Phi law honor fraternity
initiated two new members at a meet
ing held last Wednesday night. The
men are: W. IT. Coombs, '19, and L.
H. Rerendsen, '19. Coombs is a mem
ber of Beta Theta Pi, and Berendsen
is a Chi Psi.
Phi Delta Phi law honor fraternity
initiated two new members at a meet
ing held last Wednesday night. The
men are: W. IT. Coombs, '19, and L.
H. Rerendsen, '19. Coombs is a mem
ber of Beta Theta Pi, and Berendsen
is a Chi Psi.
Phi Delta Phi law honor fraternity
initiated two new members at a meet
ing held last Wednesday night. The
men are: W. IT. Coombs, '19, and L.
H. Rerendsen, '19. Coombs is a mem
ber of Beta Theta Pi, and Berendsen
is a Chi Psi.
Phi Delta Phi law honor fraternity
initiated two new members at a meet
ing held last Wednesday night. The
men are: W. IT. Coombs, '19, and L.
H. Rerendsen, '19. Coombs is a mem
ber of Beta Theta Pi, and Berendsen
is a Chi Psi.
Phi Delta Phi law honor fraternity
initiated two new members at a meet
ing held last Wednesday night. The
men are: W. IT. Coombs, '19, and L.
H. Rerendsen, '19. Coombs is a mem
ber of Beta Theta Pi, and Berendsen
is a Chi Psi.
Phi Delta Phi law honor fraternity
initiated two new members at a meet
ing held last Wednesday night. The
men are: W. IT. Coombs, '19, and L.
H. Rerendsen, '19. Coombs is a mem
ber of Beta Theta Pi, and Berendsen
is a Chi Psi.
Phi Delta Phi law honor fraternity
initiated two new members at a meet
ing held last Wednesday night. The
men are: W. IT. Coombs, '19, and L.
H. Rerendsen, '19. Coombs is a mem
ber of Beta Theta Pi, and Berendsen
is a Chi Psi.
Phi Delta Phi law honor fraternity
initiated two new members at a meet
ing held last Wednesday night. The
men are: W. IT. Coombs, '19, and L.
H. Rerendsen, '19. Coombs is a mem
ber of Beta Theta Pi, and Berendsen
is a Chi Psi.
