# CARDINAL OARSMEN TRAINING FOR POUGHKEEPSIE REGATTA
## Varsity Crew, Two Substitutes, Coach and Manager Will Leave For East June 14 to Enter Rowing Classic on Hudson---Problem of Financing Trip Practically Solved 
### 
Hack to Poughkeepsie! The eight
oarsmen who took a win from Wash
ington and California's best on April
10 leave the campus on Friday, June
14, to participate in the Hudson boat
ing classic. The men have bsen in
training for some time, and active
practice will be resumed on the Red
wood estuary for the eastern regatta
tomorrow. Funds are assured, and it
is now certain that the cardinal will
wave on the Hudson River on June 28.
Thirteen men will make the trip.
Johnny Goodman, the sturdy little
coxswain who held the tiller and cut
down the course for Stanford in the
Pacific Coast Regatta, will steer the
course on the Hudson. Coach Husky
Guerena will accompany his charges
to the East and two substitute oars
men will be taken along. The other
man is Crew Manager J. S. Jeffers,
'15, who will have charge of the finan
cial end of the trip and take care of
the shell and the other equipment of
the Stanford eight.
Coach Guerena has announced that
he will row the oarsmen in the same
order as in the coast intercollegiate,
barring unforeseen difficulties, and all
of the men have signified their inten
tion to make the trip. Rix Maurer,
with his cool judgment and even
stroke, will row the position which he
held in the victorious intercollegiate
contests, while McEuen, his running
mate for two years, will occupy No. 7.
Captain-elect Chick Orme will be in
his old berth at No. 6 with all efficien
cy behind his powerful stroke. Rill
Bloeser, seated in the middle of the
boat because of the perfect poise of
his heavy stroke, will row No. 5. Cap
tain Jacomini, veteran of a Freshman
and three varsity contests, and with
wonderful power as a leader of men,
will display the proper manner of
handling No. 4 oar. Green and Worth,
at No. 3 and No. 2, are Juniors who
won their seat in the varsity boat this
year because of ability as oarsmen.
That says a lot, considering the qual
ity of the men from whom Coach
Guerena made his choice. Ivan Huls
man, another veteran of four inter
collegiate contests, will take care of
the bow oar. Rehm and Rogers are
the substitutes.

After training at Redwood for a lit
tle over four weeks the crew will
leave for the Eoast on .June 14 and
arrive at Poughkeepsie on the 20th.
This will give six days for light work
outs on the Hudson before it lines up
with the best of the Eastern eights.
This will give ample time to take the
train stiffness out of the limbs and
have the men in their best condition
for the gruelling four mile contest.
Coach Guerena has ideas of his own
as to the best means of training and
dieting the men after the arrival,
gained from experience in 1912 and
from pointers picked up from Hiram
Conibear and other coaches. The lit
tle coxswain who steered so many
courses for Stanford will put his best
thought into conditioning the men in
his charge.
It will be impossible for Stanford
to meet the University of Washington
again this year. The northern Uni
versity has extended an invitation for
a race on Lake Washington, but the
only available date is before the
Poughkeepsie regattaâ€”sometime near
the first of July. Though the Stan
ford men are anxious for the contest
and would like to give the crack 1915
Washington crew another race, it is
impractical to attempt it. Only two
weeks would be allowed for training
for the race, and the Stanford men
would not be at their best by that
time. It is impractical for a second
reason that it would break into the
training period for the Eastern meet
and seriously interfere with the pros
pect for victory. Because of these
facts the northern trip has had to be
given up.
Cash paid in for the eastern trip of
the crew to date totals $900. Of that
amount $515 was subscribed among
the fraternity houses, $125 at Encina
Hall, $100 by sororities and the
Women's Club, $150 by Palo Alto mer
chants, $50 by the Carnival, $60 by
track meet movies.
Students and Palo Alto merchants
have pledged $1000 more, and a third
thousand will be raised by the alumni.
With a total of $3000, preparations
will be completed for the regatta at
Poughkeepsie.
