# EDITOR OF 1917 QUAD GIVES ASSIGNMENTS TO MEMBERS OF STAFF
## 
### 
R. A. Griffin, editor of the 1917
Quad, has announced the following
staff assignments: W. \V. Gores will
serve as art editor. Classes and the
Junior history will be in the hands of
J. C. Cross. F. J. Leard has been
named to cover the divisions of fac
ulty, founders, trustees, and the uni
versity. G. K. Howard will handle
athletics fo.r the 1917 annual.
The college year and college calen
dar, joshes and snapshots fall to H. S.
Marshutz, L. W. McDermott, J. M.
Wallace, and R. A. Donaldson. C. J.
Single will have charge of organiza
tions and debating. Fraternities and
honor societies with the general as
signment of pictures, have been turned
over to B. M. Melvin and F. C. Mc-
Culloch.
Miss Nellita Choate will have the
dramatic department. Miss Anita Al
len has charge of women's activities,
sororities and musical organizations.
R. A. Griffin, editor of the 1917
Quad, has announced the following
staff assignments: W. \V. Gores will
serve as art editor. Classes and the
Junior history will be in the hands of
J. C. Cross. F. J. Leard has been
named to cover the divisions of fac
ulty, founders, trustees, and the uni
versity. G. K. Howard will handle
athletics fo.r the 1917 annual.
The college year and college calen
dar, joshes and snapshots fall to H. S.
Marshutz, L. W. McDermott, J. M.
Wallace, and R. A. Donaldson. C. J.
Single will have charge of organiza
tions and debating. Fraternities and
honor societies with the general as
signment of pictures, have been turned
over to B. M. Melvin and F. C. Mc-
Culloch.
Miss Nellita Choate will have the
dramatic department. Miss Anita Al
len has charge of women's activities,
sororities and musical organizations.
R. A. Griffin, editor of the 1917
Quad, has announced the following
staff assignments: W. \V. Gores will
serve as art editor. Classes and the
Junior history will be in the hands of
J. C. Cross. F. J. Leard has been
named to cover the divisions of fac
ulty, founders, trustees, and the uni
versity. G. K. Howard will handle
athletics fo.r the 1917 annual.
The college year and college calen
dar, joshes and snapshots fall to H. S.
Marshutz, L. W. McDermott, J. M.
Wallace, and R. A. Donaldson. C. J.
Single will have charge of organiza
tions and debating. Fraternities and
honor societies with the general as
signment of pictures, have been turned
over to B. M. Melvin and F. C. Mc-
Culloch.
Miss Nellita Choate will have the
dramatic department. Miss Anita Al
len has charge of women's activities,
sororities and musical organizations.
R. A. Griffin, editor of the 1917
Quad, has announced the following
staff assignments: W. \V. Gores will
serve as art editor. Classes and the
Junior history will be in the hands of
J. C. Cross. F. J. Leard has been
named to cover the divisions of fac
ulty, founders, trustees, and the uni
versity. G. K. Howard will handle
athletics fo.r the 1917 annual.
The college year and college calen
dar, joshes and snapshots fall to H. S.
Marshutz, L. W. McDermott, J. M.
Wallace, and R. A. Donaldson. C. J.
Single will have charge of organiza
tions and debating. Fraternities and
honor societies with the general as
signment of pictures, have been turned
over to B. M. Melvin and F. C. Mc-
Culloch.
Miss Nellita Choate will have the
dramatic department. Miss Anita Al
len has charge of women's activities,
sororities and musical organizations.
R. A. Griffin, editor of the 1917
Quad, has announced the following
staff assignments: W. \V. Gores will
serve as art editor. Classes and the
Junior history will be in the hands of
J. C. Cross. F. J. Leard has been
named to cover the divisions of fac
ulty, founders, trustees, and the uni
versity. G. K. Howard will handle
athletics fo.r the 1917 annual.
The college year and college calen
dar, joshes and snapshots fall to H. S.
Marshutz, L. W. McDermott, J. M.
Wallace, and R. A. Donaldson. C. J.
Single will have charge of organiza
tions and debating. Fraternities and
honor societies with the general as
signment of pictures, have been turned
over to B. M. Melvin and F. C. Mc-
Culloch.
Miss Nellita Choate will have the
dramatic department. Miss Anita Al
len has charge of women's activities,
sororities and musical organizations.
R. A. Griffin, editor of the 1917
Quad, has announced the following
staff assignments: W. \V. Gores will
serve as art editor. Classes and the
Junior history will be in the hands of
J. C. Cross. F. J. Leard has been
named to cover the divisions of fac
ulty, founders, trustees, and the uni
versity. G. K. Howard will handle
athletics fo.r the 1917 annual.
The college year and college calen
dar, joshes and snapshots fall to H. S.
Marshutz, L. W. McDermott, J. M.
Wallace, and R. A. Donaldson. C. J.
Single will have charge of organiza
tions and debating. Fraternities and
honor societies with the general as
signment of pictures, have been turned
over to B. M. Melvin and F. C. Mc-
Culloch.
Miss Nellita Choate will have the
dramatic department. Miss Anita Al
len has charge of women's activities,
sororities and musical organizations.
R. A. Griffin, editor of the 1917
Quad, has announced the following
staff assignments: W. \V. Gores will
serve as art editor. Classes and the
Junior history will be in the hands of
J. C. Cross. F. J. Leard has been
named to cover the divisions of fac
ulty, founders, trustees, and the uni
versity. G. K. Howard will handle
athletics fo.r the 1917 annual.
The college year and college calen
dar, joshes and snapshots fall to H. S.
Marshutz, L. W. McDermott, J. M.
Wallace, and R. A. Donaldson. C. J.
Single will have charge of organiza
tions and debating. Fraternities and
honor societies with the general as
signment of pictures, have been turned
over to B. M. Melvin and F. C. Mc-
Culloch.
Miss Nellita Choate will have the
dramatic department. Miss Anita Al
len has charge of women's activities,
sororities and musical organizations.
R. A. Griffin, editor of the 1917
Quad, has announced the following
staff assignments: W. \V. Gores will
serve as art editor. Classes and the
Junior history will be in the hands of
J. C. Cross. F. J. Leard has been
named to cover the divisions of fac
ulty, founders, trustees, and the uni
versity. G. K. Howard will handle
athletics fo.r the 1917 annual.
The college year and college calen
dar, joshes and snapshots fall to H. S.
Marshutz, L. W. McDermott, J. M.
Wallace, and R. A. Donaldson. C. J.
Single will have charge of organiza
tions and debating. Fraternities and
honor societies with the general as
signment of pictures, have been turned
over to B. M. Melvin and F. C. Mc-
Culloch.
Miss Nellita Choate will have the
dramatic department. Miss Anita Al
len has charge of women's activities,
sororities and musical organizations.
R. A. Griffin, editor of the 1917
Quad, has announced the following
staff assignments: W. \V. Gores will
serve as art editor. Classes and the
Junior history will be in the hands of
J. C. Cross. F. J. Leard has been
named to cover the divisions of fac
ulty, founders, trustees, and the uni
versity. G. K. Howard will handle
athletics fo.r the 1917 annual.
The college year and college calen
dar, joshes and snapshots fall to H. S.
Marshutz, L. W. McDermott, J. M.
Wallace, and R. A. Donaldson. C. J.
Single will have charge of organiza
tions and debating. Fraternities and
honor societies with the general as
signment of pictures, have been turned
over to B. M. Melvin and F. C. Mc-
Culloch.
Miss Nellita Choate will have the
dramatic department. Miss Anita Al
len has charge of women's activities,
sororities and musical organizations.
R. A. Griffin, editor of the 1917
Quad, has announced the following
staff assignments: W. \V. Gores will
serve as art editor. Classes and the
Junior history will be in the hands of
J. C. Cross. F. J. Leard has been
named to cover the divisions of fac
ulty, founders, trustees, and the uni
versity. G. K. Howard will handle
athletics fo.r the 1917 annual.
The college year and college calen
dar, joshes and snapshots fall to H. S.
Marshutz, L. W. McDermott, J. M.
Wallace, and R. A. Donaldson. C. J.
Single will have charge of organiza
tions and debating. Fraternities and
honor societies with the general as
signment of pictures, have been turned
over to B. M. Melvin and F. C. Mc-
Culloch.
Miss Nellita Choate will have the
dramatic department. Miss Anita Al
len has charge of women's activities,
sororities and musical organizations.
R. A. Griffin, editor of the 1917
Quad, has announced the following
staff assignments: W. \V. Gores will
serve as art editor. Classes and the
Junior history will be in the hands of
J. C. Cross. F. J. Leard has been
named to cover the divisions of fac
ulty, founders, trustees, and the uni
versity. G. K. Howard will handle
athletics fo.r the 1917 annual.
The college year and college calen
dar, joshes and snapshots fall to H. S.
Marshutz, L. W. McDermott, J. M.
Wallace, and R. A. Donaldson. C. J.
Single will have charge of organiza
tions and debating. Fraternities and
honor societies with the general as
signment of pictures, have been turned
over to B. M. Melvin and F. C. Mc-
Culloch.
Miss Nellita Choate will have the
dramatic department. Miss Anita Al
len has charge of women's activities,
sororities and musical organizations.
R. A. Griffin, editor of the 1917
Quad, has announced the following
staff assignments: W. \V. Gores will
serve as art editor. Classes and the
Junior history will be in the hands of
J. C. Cross. F. J. Leard has been
named to cover the divisions of fac
ulty, founders, trustees, and the uni
versity. G. K. Howard will handle
athletics fo.r the 1917 annual.
The college year and college calen
dar, joshes and snapshots fall to H. S.
Marshutz, L. W. McDermott, J. M.
Wallace, and R. A. Donaldson. C. J.
Single will have charge of organiza
tions and debating. Fraternities and
honor societies with the general as
signment of pictures, have been turned
over to B. M. Melvin and F. C. Mc-
Culloch.
Miss Nellita Choate will have the
dramatic department. Miss Anita Al
len has charge of women's activities,
sororities and musical organizations.
R. A. Griffin, editor of the 1917
Quad, has announced the following
staff assignments: W. \V. Gores will
serve as art editor. Classes and the
Junior history will be in the hands of
J. C. Cross. F. J. Leard has been
named to cover the divisions of fac
ulty, founders, trustees, and the uni
versity. G. K. Howard will handle
athletics fo.r the 1917 annual.
The college year and college calen
dar, joshes and snapshots fall to H. S.
Marshutz, L. W. McDermott, J. M.
Wallace, and R. A. Donaldson. C. J.
Single will have charge of organiza
tions and debating. Fraternities and
honor societies with the general as
signment of pictures, have been turned
over to B. M. Melvin and F. C. Mc-
Culloch.
Miss Nellita Choate will have the
dramatic department. Miss Anita Al
len has charge of women's activities,
sororities and musical organizations.
