# Dramatic Writing Competition Open
## 
### 
Registration is now open for the
14th annual competition in dra
matic writing, sponsored by the
Dramatists' Alliance. One hundred
dollars will be awarded for a seri
ous full-length drama, $100 for a
full - length comedy, and $50 for
short plays of one or two scenes.
Most, produceable of the prize
winning plays will be performed
during the summer at the Drama
tists Assembly. All leading contri
butions will be recommended to
producing and publishing units of
"trustworthy posit ion."
Any person who writes English,
reglardless of academic training or
place of residence, may enter the
contest. Registration and informa
tion blanks may be secured from
Dramatists' Alliance. Box 200 Z.
Stanford. Final date for entries is
March 1.
Registration is now open for the
14th annual competition in dra
matic writing, sponsored by the
Dramatists' Alliance. One hundred
dollars will be awarded for a seri
ous full-length drama, $100 for a
full - length comedy, and $50 for
short plays of one or two scenes.
Most, produceable of the prize
winning plays will be performed
during the summer at the Drama
tists Assembly. All leading contri
butions will be recommended to
producing and publishing units of
"trustworthy posit ion."
Any person who writes English,
reglardless of academic training or
place of residence, may enter the
contest. Registration and informa
tion blanks may be secured from
Dramatists' Alliance. Box 200 Z.
Stanford. Final date for entries is
March 1.
Registration is now open for the
14th annual competition in dra
matic writing, sponsored by the
Dramatists' Alliance. One hundred
dollars will be awarded for a seri
ous full-length drama, $100 for a
full - length comedy, and $50 for
short plays of one or two scenes.
Most, produceable of the prize
winning plays will be performed
during the summer at the Drama
tists Assembly. All leading contri
butions will be recommended to
producing and publishing units of
"trustworthy posit ion."
Any person who writes English,
reglardless of academic training or
place of residence, may enter the
contest. Registration and informa
tion blanks may be secured from
Dramatists' Alliance. Box 200 Z.
Stanford. Final date for entries is
March 1.
Registration is now open for the
14th annual competition in dra
matic writing, sponsored by the
Dramatists' Alliance. One hundred
dollars will be awarded for a seri
ous full-length drama, $100 for a
full - length comedy, and $50 for
short plays of one or two scenes.
Most, produceable of the prize
winning plays will be performed
during the summer at the Drama
tists Assembly. All leading contri
butions will be recommended to
producing and publishing units of
"trustworthy posit ion."
Any person who writes English,
reglardless of academic training or
place of residence, may enter the
contest. Registration and informa
tion blanks may be secured from
Dramatists' Alliance. Box 200 Z.
Stanford. Final date for entries is
March 1.
Registration is now open for the
14th annual competition in dra
matic writing, sponsored by the
Dramatists' Alliance. One hundred
dollars will be awarded for a seri
ous full-length drama, $100 for a
full - length comedy, and $50 for
short plays of one or two scenes.
Most, produceable of the prize
winning plays will be performed
during the summer at the Drama
tists Assembly. All leading contri
butions will be recommended to
producing and publishing units of
"trustworthy posit ion."
Any person who writes English,
reglardless of academic training or
place of residence, may enter the
contest. Registration and informa
tion blanks may be secured from
Dramatists' Alliance. Box 200 Z.
Stanford. Final date for entries is
March 1.
Registration is now open for the
14th annual competition in dra
matic writing, sponsored by the
Dramatists' Alliance. One hundred
dollars will be awarded for a seri
ous full-length drama, $100 for a
full - length comedy, and $50 for
short plays of one or two scenes.
Most, produceable of the prize
winning plays will be performed
during the summer at the Drama
tists Assembly. All leading contri
butions will be recommended to
producing and publishing units of
"trustworthy posit ion."
Any person who writes English,
reglardless of academic training or
place of residence, may enter the
contest. Registration and informa
tion blanks may be secured from
Dramatists' Alliance. Box 200 Z.
Stanford. Final date for entries is
March 1.
Registration is now open for the
14th annual competition in dra
matic writing, sponsored by the
Dramatists' Alliance. One hundred
dollars will be awarded for a seri
ous full-length drama, $100 for a
full - length comedy, and $50 for
short plays of one or two scenes.
Most, produceable of the prize
winning plays will be performed
during the summer at the Drama
tists Assembly. All leading contri
butions will be recommended to
producing and publishing units of
"trustworthy posit ion."
Any person who writes English,
reglardless of academic training or
place of residence, may enter the
contest. Registration and informa
tion blanks may be secured from
Dramatists' Alliance. Box 200 Z.
Stanford. Final date for entries is
March 1.
Registration is now open for the
14th annual competition in dra
matic writing, sponsored by the
Dramatists' Alliance. One hundred
dollars will be awarded for a seri
ous full-length drama, $100 for a
full - length comedy, and $50 for
short plays of one or two scenes.
Most, produceable of the prize
winning plays will be performed
during the summer at the Drama
tists Assembly. All leading contri
butions will be recommended to
producing and publishing units of
"trustworthy posit ion."
Any person who writes English,
reglardless of academic training or
place of residence, may enter the
contest. Registration and informa
tion blanks may be secured from
Dramatists' Alliance. Box 200 Z.
Stanford. Final date for entries is
March 1.
Registration is now open for the
14th annual competition in dra
matic writing, sponsored by the
Dramatists' Alliance. One hundred
dollars will be awarded for a seri
ous full-length drama, $100 for a
full - length comedy, and $50 for
short plays of one or two scenes.
Most, produceable of the prize
winning plays will be performed
during the summer at the Drama
tists Assembly. All leading contri
butions will be recommended to
producing and publishing units of
"trustworthy posit ion."
Any person who writes English,
reglardless of academic training or
place of residence, may enter the
contest. Registration and informa
tion blanks may be secured from
Dramatists' Alliance. Box 200 Z.
Stanford. Final date for entries is
March 1.
Registration is now open for the
14th annual competition in dra
matic writing, sponsored by the
Dramatists' Alliance. One hundred
dollars will be awarded for a seri
ous full-length drama, $100 for a
full - length comedy, and $50 for
short plays of one or two scenes.
Most, produceable of the prize
winning plays will be performed
during the summer at the Drama
tists Assembly. All leading contri
butions will be recommended to
producing and publishing units of
"trustworthy posit ion."
Any person who writes English,
reglardless of academic training or
place of residence, may enter the
contest. Registration and informa
tion blanks may be secured from
Dramatists' Alliance. Box 200 Z.
Stanford. Final date for entries is
March 1.
Registration is now open for the
14th annual competition in dra
matic writing, sponsored by the
Dramatists' Alliance. One hundred
dollars will be awarded for a seri
ous full-length drama, $100 for a
full - length comedy, and $50 for
short plays of one or two scenes.
Most, produceable of the prize
winning plays will be performed
during the summer at the Drama
tists Assembly. All leading contri
butions will be recommended to
producing and publishing units of
"trustworthy posit ion."
Any person who writes English,
reglardless of academic training or
place of residence, may enter the
contest. Registration and informa
tion blanks may be secured from
Dramatists' Alliance. Box 200 Z.
Stanford. Final date for entries is
March 1.
Registration is now open for the
14th annual competition in dra
matic writing, sponsored by the
Dramatists' Alliance. One hundred
dollars will be awarded for a seri
ous full-length drama, $100 for a
full - length comedy, and $50 for
short plays of one or two scenes.
Most, produceable of the prize
winning plays will be performed
during the summer at the Drama
tists Assembly. All leading contri
butions will be recommended to
producing and publishing units of
"trustworthy posit ion."
Any person who writes English,
reglardless of academic training or
place of residence, may enter the
contest. Registration and informa
tion blanks may be secured from
Dramatists' Alliance. Box 200 Z.
Stanford. Final date for entries is
March 1.
Registration is now open for the
14th annual competition in dra
matic writing, sponsored by the
Dramatists' Alliance. One hundred
dollars will be awarded for a seri
ous full-length drama, $100 for a
full - length comedy, and $50 for
short plays of one or two scenes.
Most, produceable of the prize
winning plays will be performed
during the summer at the Drama
tists Assembly. All leading contri
butions will be recommended to
producing and publishing units of
"trustworthy posit ion."
Any person who writes English,
reglardless of academic training or
place of residence, may enter the
contest. Registration and informa
tion blanks may be secured from
Dramatists' Alliance. Box 200 Z.
Stanford. Final date for entries is
March 1.
Registration is now open for the
14th annual competition in dra
matic writing, sponsored by the
Dramatists' Alliance. One hundred
dollars will be awarded for a seri
ous full-length drama, $100 for a
full - length comedy, and $50 for
short plays of one or two scenes.
Most, produceable of the prize
winning plays will be performed
during the summer at the Drama
tists Assembly. All leading contri
butions will be recommended to
producing and publishing units of
"trustworthy posit ion."
Any person who writes English,
reglardless of academic training or
place of residence, may enter the
contest. Registration and informa
tion blanks may be secured from
Dramatists' Alliance. Box 200 Z.
Stanford. Final date for entries is
March 1.
Registration is now open for the
14th annual competition in dra
matic writing, sponsored by the
Dramatists' Alliance. One hundred
dollars will be awarded for a seri
ous full-length drama, $100 for a
full - length comedy, and $50 for
short plays of one or two scenes.
Most, produceable of the prize
winning plays will be performed
during the summer at the Drama
tists Assembly. All leading contri
butions will be recommended to
producing and publishing units of
"trustworthy posit ion."
Any person who writes English,
reglardless of academic training or
place of residence, may enter the
contest. Registration and informa
tion blanks may be secured from
Dramatists' Alliance. Box 200 Z.
Stanford. Final date for entries is
March 1.
