# Readings by German Elocutionist.
## 
### 
Mr. Herrmann Riotte, the famous
German elocutionist and imperson
ator, is at present stopping in San
Francisco, and has, at the request
of Dr. Goobel, agreed to give an
evening of German recitations to
the German students of the Uni
versity, and to all those who un
derstand the German language.
The entertainment will include
several scenes from Goethe's
"Faust," Lessing's "Nathan" and
"Minna von Barnhelm," Schiller's
"Tell," and a number of ballads,
such as the "Erlkonig," "Lorelei,"
and "Der Taucher."
Mr. Riotte is considered the
greatest living German elocutionist,
and his appearance in Germany
draws a large audience. The read
ing will be given next Tuesday
evening.
Mr. Herrmann Riotte, the famous
German elocutionist and imperson
ator, is at present stopping in San
Francisco, and has, at the request
of Dr. Goobel, agreed to give an
evening of German recitations to
the German students of the Uni
versity, and to all those who un
derstand the German language.
The entertainment will include
several scenes from Goethe's
"Faust," Lessing's "Nathan" and
"Minna von Barnhelm," Schiller's
"Tell," and a number of ballads,
such as the "Erlkonig," "Lorelei,"
and "Der Taucher."
Mr. Riotte is considered the
greatest living German elocutionist,
and his appearance in Germany
draws a large audience. The read
ing will be given next Tuesday
evening.
Mr. Herrmann Riotte, the famous
German elocutionist and imperson
ator, is at present stopping in San
Francisco, and has, at the request
of Dr. Goobel, agreed to give an
evening of German recitations to
the German students of the Uni
versity, and to all those who un
derstand the German language.
The entertainment will include
several scenes from Goethe's
"Faust," Lessing's "Nathan" and
"Minna von Barnhelm," Schiller's
"Tell," and a number of ballads,
such as the "Erlkonig," "Lorelei,"
and "Der Taucher."
Mr. Riotte is considered the
greatest living German elocutionist,
and his appearance in Germany
draws a large audience. The read
ing will be given next Tuesday
evening.
Mr. Herrmann Riotte, the famous
German elocutionist and imperson
ator, is at present stopping in San
Francisco, and has, at the request
of Dr. Goobel, agreed to give an
evening of German recitations to
the German students of the Uni
versity, and to all those who un
derstand the German language.
The entertainment will include
several scenes from Goethe's
"Faust," Lessing's "Nathan" and
"Minna von Barnhelm," Schiller's
"Tell," and a number of ballads,
such as the "Erlkonig," "Lorelei,"
and "Der Taucher."
Mr. Riotte is considered the
greatest living German elocutionist,
and his appearance in Germany
draws a large audience. The read
ing will be given next Tuesday
evening.
Mr. Herrmann Riotte, the famous
German elocutionist and imperson
ator, is at present stopping in San
Francisco, and has, at the request
of Dr. Goobel, agreed to give an
evening of German recitations to
the German students of the Uni
versity, and to all those who un
derstand the German language.
The entertainment will include
several scenes from Goethe's
"Faust," Lessing's "Nathan" and
"Minna von Barnhelm," Schiller's
"Tell," and a number of ballads,
such as the "Erlkonig," "Lorelei,"
and "Der Taucher."
Mr. Riotte is considered the
greatest living German elocutionist,
and his appearance in Germany
draws a large audience. The read
ing will be given next Tuesday
evening.
Mr. Herrmann Riotte, the famous
German elocutionist and imperson
ator, is at present stopping in San
Francisco, and has, at the request
of Dr. Goobel, agreed to give an
evening of German recitations to
the German students of the Uni
versity, and to all those who un
derstand the German language.
The entertainment will include
several scenes from Goethe's
"Faust," Lessing's "Nathan" and
"Minna von Barnhelm," Schiller's
"Tell," and a number of ballads,
such as the "Erlkonig," "Lorelei,"
and "Der Taucher."
Mr. Riotte is considered the
greatest living German elocutionist,
and his appearance in Germany
draws a large audience. The read
ing will be given next Tuesday
evening.
Mr. Herrmann Riotte, the famous
German elocutionist and imperson
ator, is at present stopping in San
Francisco, and has, at the request
of Dr. Goobel, agreed to give an
evening of German recitations to
the German students of the Uni
versity, and to all those who un
derstand the German language.
The entertainment will include
several scenes from Goethe's
"Faust," Lessing's "Nathan" and
"Minna von Barnhelm," Schiller's
"Tell," and a number of ballads,
such as the "Erlkonig," "Lorelei,"
and "Der Taucher."
Mr. Riotte is considered the
greatest living German elocutionist,
and his appearance in Germany
draws a large audience. The read
ing will be given next Tuesday
evening.
Mr. Herrmann Riotte, the famous
German elocutionist and imperson
ator, is at present stopping in San
Francisco, and has, at the request
of Dr. Goobel, agreed to give an
evening of German recitations to
the German students of the Uni
versity, and to all those who un
derstand the German language.
The entertainment will include
several scenes from Goethe's
"Faust," Lessing's "Nathan" and
"Minna von Barnhelm," Schiller's
"Tell," and a number of ballads,
such as the "Erlkonig," "Lorelei,"
and "Der Taucher."
Mr. Riotte is considered the
greatest living German elocutionist,
and his appearance in Germany
draws a large audience. The read
ing will be given next Tuesday
evening.
