# Former Students.
## 
### 
—T. T. C. Gregory, '98, is dis
trict attorney of Solano county.
—John 11. McDaniels, '95, is a
lawyer in Tacoma, Washington.
Edmund I). North, '02, is su
perintendent. of the Gambetta mine
at Gruh Gulch.
— Miss Jessica Smith Vance, '9(»,
is teaching in the English depart
ment of the University of Southern
California.
—T. T. C. Gregory, '98, is dis
trict attorney of Solano county.
—John 11. McDaniels, '95, is a
lawyer in Tacoma, Washington.
Edmund I). North, '02, is su
perintendent. of the Gambetta mine
at Gruh Gulch.
— Miss Jessica Smith Vance, '9(»,
is teaching in the English depart
ment of the University of Southern
California.
—T. T. C. Gregory, '98, is dis
trict attorney of Solano county.
—John 11. McDaniels, '95, is a
lawyer in Tacoma, Washington.
Edmund I). North, '02, is su
perintendent. of the Gambetta mine
at Gruh Gulch.
— Miss Jessica Smith Vance, '9(»,
is teaching in the English depart
ment of the University of Southern
California.
—T. T. C. Gregory, '98, is dis
trict attorney of Solano county.
—John 11. McDaniels, '95, is a
lawyer in Tacoma, Washington.
Edmund I). North, '02, is su
perintendent. of the Gambetta mine
at Gruh Gulch.
— Miss Jessica Smith Vance, '9(»,
is teaching in the English depart
ment of the University of Southern
California.
—T. T. C. Gregory, '98, is dis
trict attorney of Solano county.
—John 11. McDaniels, '95, is a
lawyer in Tacoma, Washington.
Edmund I). North, '02, is su
perintendent. of the Gambetta mine
at Gruh Gulch.
— Miss Jessica Smith Vance, '9(»,
is teaching in the English depart
ment of the University of Southern
California.
—T. T. C. Gregory, '98, is dis
trict attorney of Solano county.
—John 11. McDaniels, '95, is a
lawyer in Tacoma, Washington.
Edmund I). North, '02, is su
perintendent. of the Gambetta mine
at Gruh Gulch.
— Miss Jessica Smith Vance, '9(»,
is teaching in the English depart
ment of the University of Southern
California.
—T. T. C. Gregory, '98, is dis
trict attorney of Solano county.
—John 11. McDaniels, '95, is a
lawyer in Tacoma, Washington.
Edmund I). North, '02, is su
perintendent. of the Gambetta mine
at Gruh Gulch.
— Miss Jessica Smith Vance, '9(»,
is teaching in the English depart
ment of the University of Southern
California.
—T. T. C. Gregory, '98, is dis
trict attorney of Solano county.
—John 11. McDaniels, '95, is a
lawyer in Tacoma, Washington.
Edmund I). North, '02, is su
perintendent. of the Gambetta mine
at Gruh Gulch.
— Miss Jessica Smith Vance, '9(»,
is teaching in the English depart
ment of the University of Southern
California.
