# Staff Meeting
## 
### 
There will be a stuff discus
sion of editorial policy Sun
day afternoon at 12:30 in the
Daily offices for all who are
interested. All staff members
and new applicants invited.
Staff assignments for the next
two weeks will also be posted.
There will be a stuff discus
sion of editorial policy Sun
day afternoon at 12:30 in the
Daily offices for all who are
interested. All staff members
and new applicants invited.
Staff assignments for the next
two weeks will also be posted.
There will be a stuff discus
sion of editorial policy Sun
day afternoon at 12:30 in the
Daily offices for all who are
interested. All staff members
and new applicants invited.
Staff assignments for the next
two weeks will also be posted.
There will be a stuff discus
sion of editorial policy Sun
day afternoon at 12:30 in the
Daily offices for all who are
interested. All staff members
and new applicants invited.
Staff assignments for the next
two weeks will also be posted.
There will be a stuff discus
sion of editorial policy Sun
day afternoon at 12:30 in the
Daily offices for all who are
interested. All staff members
and new applicants invited.
Staff assignments for the next
two weeks will also be posted.
There will be a stuff discus
sion of editorial policy Sun
day afternoon at 12:30 in the
Daily offices for all who are
interested. All staff members
and new applicants invited.
Staff assignments for the next
two weeks will also be posted.
There will be a stuff discus
sion of editorial policy Sun
day afternoon at 12:30 in the
Daily offices for all who are
interested. All staff members
and new applicants invited.
Staff assignments for the next
two weeks will also be posted.
There will be a stuff discus
sion of editorial policy Sun
day afternoon at 12:30 in the
Daily offices for all who are
interested. All staff members
and new applicants invited.
Staff assignments for the next
two weeks will also be posted.
There will be a stuff discus
sion of editorial policy Sun
day afternoon at 12:30 in the
Daily offices for all who are
interested. All staff members
and new applicants invited.
Staff assignments for the next
two weeks will also be posted.
There will be a stuff discus
sion of editorial policy Sun
day afternoon at 12:30 in the
Daily offices for all who are
interested. All staff members
and new applicants invited.
Staff assignments for the next
two weeks will also be posted.
There will be a stuff discus
sion of editorial policy Sun
day afternoon at 12:30 in the
Daily offices for all who are
interested. All staff members
and new applicants invited.
Staff assignments for the next
two weeks will also be posted.
There will be a stuff discus
sion of editorial policy Sun
day afternoon at 12:30 in the
Daily offices for all who are
interested. All staff members
and new applicants invited.
Staff assignments for the next
two weeks will also be posted.
There will be a stuff discus
sion of editorial policy Sun
day afternoon at 12:30 in the
Daily offices for all who are
interested. All staff members
and new applicants invited.
Staff assignments for the next
two weeks will also be posted.
There will be a stuff discus
sion of editorial policy Sun
day afternoon at 12:30 in the
Daily offices for all who are
interested. All staff members
and new applicants invited.
Staff assignments for the next
two weeks will also be posted.
There will be a stuff discus
sion of editorial policy Sun
day afternoon at 12:30 in the
Daily offices for all who are
interested. All staff members
and new applicants invited.
Staff assignments for the next
two weeks will also be posted.
