# Untitled Article
## 
### 
During the last two semesters the
attendance at university assemblies
has been deplorably small. The lack
of enthusiasm and interest in these
meetings was occasioned precisely
twelve months ago when the student
body was called upon to listen to a
long and painful address on prisons
or something connected therewith, de
livered by a man who had nothing to
say and accordingly found difficulty
in saying it. We blame no one for
shuddering at the thought of being
similarly bored in the future. But the
fact that such a calamity once befell
the undergraduates is not a compel
ling argument that it will happen
again. Indeed, an exact repetition
seems to us impossible. Therefore, let
us once more revert to our old custom
of assuming, until otherwise proven,
that the men secured by the faculty
committee are good speakers with
pertinent subjects. Occasional disap
pointments may result, but we believe
that such will be few.
Assemblies are beneficial to the stu
dent body, but to retain them the at
tendance of the student body is a pos
itive necessity. We trust that Baron
Kikuchi and Dr. Cochran will each be
greeted by a crowded hall.
