# Special Rates.
## 
### 
The Southern Pacific has made
special round trip rates of $3.40
from Palo Alto to Pacific Grove to
Stanford students. The tickets are
good from Friday to Monday, and
certificates may he had at the
Registrar's office.
The Southern Pacific has made
special round trip rates of $3.40
from Palo Alto to Pacific Grove to
Stanford students. The tickets are
good from Friday to Monday, and
certificates may he had at the
Registrar's office.
The Southern Pacific has made
special round trip rates of $3.40
from Palo Alto to Pacific Grove to
Stanford students. The tickets are
good from Friday to Monday, and
certificates may he had at the
Registrar's office.
The Southern Pacific has made
special round trip rates of $3.40
from Palo Alto to Pacific Grove to
Stanford students. The tickets are
good from Friday to Monday, and
certificates may he had at the
Registrar's office.
The Southern Pacific has made
special round trip rates of $3.40
from Palo Alto to Pacific Grove to
Stanford students. The tickets are
good from Friday to Monday, and
certificates may he had at the
Registrar's office.
The Southern Pacific has made
special round trip rates of $3.40
from Palo Alto to Pacific Grove to
Stanford students. The tickets are
good from Friday to Monday, and
certificates may he had at the
Registrar's office.
