# Lower Division Pre-Reg Continues
## 
### 
Lower division students will con
tinue pre - registration for spring
quarter today. Advisers will hold
:p< < ial office hours today and to
morrow to confer with students.
Students must have an official
study card approved and signed by
their adviser before signing class
lists at the information desk, Reg
istrar's Office.
Lower division students will con
tinue pre - registration for spring
quarter today. Advisers will hold
:p< < ial office hours today and to
morrow to confer with students.
Students must have an official
study card approved and signed by
their adviser before signing class
lists at the information desk, Reg
istrar's Office.
Lower division students will con
tinue pre - registration for spring
quarter today. Advisers will hold
:p< < ial office hours today and to
morrow to confer with students.
Students must have an official
study card approved and signed by
their adviser before signing class
lists at the information desk, Reg
istrar's Office.
Lower division students will con
tinue pre - registration for spring
quarter today. Advisers will hold
:p< < ial office hours today and to
morrow to confer with students.
Students must have an official
study card approved and signed by
their adviser before signing class
lists at the information desk, Reg
istrar's Office.
Lower division students will con
tinue pre - registration for spring
quarter today. Advisers will hold
:p< < ial office hours today and to
morrow to confer with students.
Students must have an official
study card approved and signed by
their adviser before signing class
lists at the information desk, Reg
istrar's Office.
Lower division students will con
tinue pre - registration for spring
quarter today. Advisers will hold
:p< < ial office hours today and to
morrow to confer with students.
Students must have an official
study card approved and signed by
their adviser before signing class
lists at the information desk, Reg
istrar's Office.
Lower division students will con
tinue pre - registration for spring
quarter today. Advisers will hold
:p< < ial office hours today and to
morrow to confer with students.
Students must have an official
study card approved and signed by
their adviser before signing class
lists at the information desk, Reg
istrar's Office.
Lower division students will con
tinue pre - registration for spring
quarter today. Advisers will hold
:p< < ial office hours today and to
morrow to confer with students.
Students must have an official
study card approved and signed by
their adviser before signing class
lists at the information desk, Reg
istrar's Office.
Lower division students will con
tinue pre - registration for spring
quarter today. Advisers will hold
:p< < ial office hours today and to
morrow to confer with students.
Students must have an official
study card approved and signed by
their adviser before signing class
lists at the information desk, Reg
istrar's Office.
Lower division students will con
tinue pre - registration for spring
quarter today. Advisers will hold
:p< < ial office hours today and to
morrow to confer with students.
Students must have an official
study card approved and signed by
their adviser before signing class
lists at the information desk, Reg
istrar's Office.
Lower division students will con
tinue pre - registration for spring
quarter today. Advisers will hold
:p< < ial office hours today and to
morrow to confer with students.
Students must have an official
study card approved and signed by
their adviser before signing class
lists at the information desk, Reg
istrar's Office.
Lower division students will con
tinue pre - registration for spring
quarter today. Advisers will hold
:p< < ial office hours today and to
morrow to confer with students.
Students must have an official
study card approved and signed by
their adviser before signing class
lists at the information desk, Reg
istrar's Office.
Lower division students will con
tinue pre - registration for spring
quarter today. Advisers will hold
:p< < ial office hours today and to
morrow to confer with students.
Students must have an official
study card approved and signed by
their adviser before signing class
lists at the information desk, Reg
istrar's Office.
Lower division students will con
tinue pre - registration for spring
quarter today. Advisers will hold
:p< < ial office hours today and to
morrow to confer with students.
Students must have an official
study card approved and signed by
their adviser before signing class
lists at the information desk, Reg
istrar's Office.
Lower division students will con
tinue pre - registration for spring
quarter today. Advisers will hold
:p< < ial office hours today and to
morrow to confer with students.
Students must have an official
study card approved and signed by
their adviser before signing class
lists at the information desk, Reg
istrar's Office.
