# Daily Staff Says '30' For Winter Quarter
## 
### 
Today is the Daily's last day of
publication for winter quarter, i
Publication will resume Monday, !
March :50, the first day of spring
quarter.
Today is the Daily's last day of
publication for winter quarter, i
Publication will resume Monday, !
March :50, the first day of spring
quarter.
Today is the Daily's last day of
publication for winter quarter, i
Publication will resume Monday, !
March :50, the first day of spring
quarter.
Today is the Daily's last day of
publication for winter quarter, i
Publication will resume Monday, !
March :50, the first day of spring
quarter.
Today is the Daily's last day of
publication for winter quarter, i
Publication will resume Monday, !
March :50, the first day of spring
quarter.
Today is the Daily's last day of
publication for winter quarter, i
Publication will resume Monday, !
March :50, the first day of spring
quarter.
Today is the Daily's last day of
publication for winter quarter, i
Publication will resume Monday, !
March :50, the first day of spring
quarter.
Today is the Daily's last day of
publication for winter quarter, i
Publication will resume Monday, !
March :50, the first day of spring
quarter.
Today is the Daily's last day of
publication for winter quarter, i
Publication will resume Monday, !
March :50, the first day of spring
quarter.
Today is the Daily's last day of
publication for winter quarter, i
Publication will resume Monday, !
March :50, the first day of spring
quarter.
Today is the Daily's last day of
publication for winter quarter, i
Publication will resume Monday, !
March :50, the first day of spring
quarter.
Today is the Daily's last day of
publication for winter quarter, i
Publication will resume Monday, !
March :50, the first day of spring
quarter.
Today is the Daily's last day of
publication for winter quarter, i
Publication will resume Monday, !
March :50, the first day of spring
quarter.
Today is the Daily's last day of
publication for winter quarter, i
Publication will resume Monday, !
March :50, the first day of spring
quarter.
Today is the Daily's last day of
publication for winter quarter, i
Publication will resume Monday, !
March :50, the first day of spring
quarter.
