# Leaders of Y.W.C.A. Classes to Meet Friday
## 
### 
Leaders of tke Y. W. C. A. discus
sions classes will meet in Room 2.10
Friday afternoon from 2 to 3 o'clock.
Miss Margery Bailey will conduct the
class, and the textbook which is to be
used is Rausclicnhusch's "Social Prin
ciples of Jesus."
There has baen a movement in all
the colleges and universities in the
United States to organize classes for
the purpose of studying the relation
of Christian principles to this war.
Mills College with an enrollment of
only 300 women has 215 in these
classes. Stanford expects to enlist at
least 250 women.
Leaders of tke Y. W. C. A. discus
sions classes will meet in Room 2.10
Friday afternoon from 2 to 3 o'clock.
Miss Margery Bailey will conduct the
class, and the textbook which is to be
used is Rausclicnhusch's "Social Prin
ciples of Jesus."
There has baen a movement in all
the colleges and universities in the
United States to organize classes for
the purpose of studying the relation
of Christian principles to this war.
Mills College with an enrollment of
only 300 women has 215 in these
classes. Stanford expects to enlist at
least 250 women.
Leaders of tke Y. W. C. A. discus
sions classes will meet in Room 2.10
Friday afternoon from 2 to 3 o'clock.
Miss Margery Bailey will conduct the
class, and the textbook which is to be
used is Rausclicnhusch's "Social Prin
ciples of Jesus."
There has baen a movement in all
the colleges and universities in the
United States to organize classes for
the purpose of studying the relation
of Christian principles to this war.
Mills College with an enrollment of
only 300 women has 215 in these
classes. Stanford expects to enlist at
least 250 women.
Leaders of tke Y. W. C. A. discus
sions classes will meet in Room 2.10
Friday afternoon from 2 to 3 o'clock.
Miss Margery Bailey will conduct the
class, and the textbook which is to be
used is Rausclicnhusch's "Social Prin
ciples of Jesus."
There has baen a movement in all
the colleges and universities in the
United States to organize classes for
the purpose of studying the relation
of Christian principles to this war.
Mills College with an enrollment of
only 300 women has 215 in these
classes. Stanford expects to enlist at
least 250 women.
Leaders of tke Y. W. C. A. discus
sions classes will meet in Room 2.10
Friday afternoon from 2 to 3 o'clock.
Miss Margery Bailey will conduct the
class, and the textbook which is to be
used is Rausclicnhusch's "Social Prin
ciples of Jesus."
There has baen a movement in all
the colleges and universities in the
United States to organize classes for
the purpose of studying the relation
of Christian principles to this war.
Mills College with an enrollment of
only 300 women has 215 in these
classes. Stanford expects to enlist at
least 250 women.
Leaders of tke Y. W. C. A. discus
sions classes will meet in Room 2.10
Friday afternoon from 2 to 3 o'clock.
Miss Margery Bailey will conduct the
class, and the textbook which is to be
used is Rausclicnhusch's "Social Prin
ciples of Jesus."
There has baen a movement in all
the colleges and universities in the
United States to organize classes for
the purpose of studying the relation
of Christian principles to this war.
Mills College with an enrollment of
only 300 women has 215 in these
classes. Stanford expects to enlist at
least 250 women.
Leaders of tke Y. W. C. A. discus
sions classes will meet in Room 2.10
Friday afternoon from 2 to 3 o'clock.
Miss Margery Bailey will conduct the
class, and the textbook which is to be
used is Rausclicnhusch's "Social Prin
ciples of Jesus."
There has baen a movement in all
the colleges and universities in the
United States to organize classes for
the purpose of studying the relation
of Christian principles to this war.
Mills College with an enrollment of
only 300 women has 215 in these
classes. Stanford expects to enlist at
least 250 women.
Leaders of tke Y. W. C. A. discus
sions classes will meet in Room 2.10
Friday afternoon from 2 to 3 o'clock.
Miss Margery Bailey will conduct the
class, and the textbook which is to be
used is Rausclicnhusch's "Social Prin
ciples of Jesus."
There has baen a movement in all
the colleges and universities in the
United States to organize classes for
the purpose of studying the relation
of Christian principles to this war.
Mills College with an enrollment of
only 300 women has 215 in these
classes. Stanford expects to enlist at
least 250 women.
Leaders of tke Y. W. C. A. discus
sions classes will meet in Room 2.10
Friday afternoon from 2 to 3 o'clock.
Miss Margery Bailey will conduct the
class, and the textbook which is to be
used is Rausclicnhusch's "Social Prin
ciples of Jesus."
There has baen a movement in all
the colleges and universities in the
United States to organize classes for
the purpose of studying the relation
of Christian principles to this war.
Mills College with an enrollment of
only 300 women has 215 in these
classes. Stanford expects to enlist at
least 250 women.
Leaders of tke Y. W. C. A. discus
sions classes will meet in Room 2.10
Friday afternoon from 2 to 3 o'clock.
Miss Margery Bailey will conduct the
class, and the textbook which is to be
used is Rausclicnhusch's "Social Prin
ciples of Jesus."
There has baen a movement in all
the colleges and universities in the
United States to organize classes for
the purpose of studying the relation
of Christian principles to this war.
Mills College with an enrollment of
only 300 women has 215 in these
classes. Stanford expects to enlist at
least 250 women.
Leaders of tke Y. W. C. A. discus
sions classes will meet in Room 2.10
Friday afternoon from 2 to 3 o'clock.
Miss Margery Bailey will conduct the
class, and the textbook which is to be
used is Rausclicnhusch's "Social Prin
ciples of Jesus."
There has baen a movement in all
the colleges and universities in the
United States to organize classes for
the purpose of studying the relation
of Christian principles to this war.
Mills College with an enrollment of
only 300 women has 215 in these
classes. Stanford expects to enlist at
least 250 women.
Leaders of tke Y. W. C. A. discus
sions classes will meet in Room 2.10
Friday afternoon from 2 to 3 o'clock.
Miss Margery Bailey will conduct the
class, and the textbook which is to be
used is Rausclicnhusch's "Social Prin
ciples of Jesus."
There has baen a movement in all
the colleges and universities in the
United States to organize classes for
the purpose of studying the relation
of Christian principles to this war.
Mills College with an enrollment of
only 300 women has 215 in these
classes. Stanford expects to enlist at
least 250 women.
Leaders of tke Y. W. C. A. discus
sions classes will meet in Room 2.10
Friday afternoon from 2 to 3 o'clock.
Miss Margery Bailey will conduct the
class, and the textbook which is to be
used is Rausclicnhusch's "Social Prin
ciples of Jesus."
There has baen a movement in all
the colleges and universities in the
United States to organize classes for
the purpose of studying the relation
of Christian principles to this war.
Mills College with an enrollment of
only 300 women has 215 in these
classes. Stanford expects to enlist at
least 250 women.
Leaders of tke Y. W. C. A. discus
sions classes will meet in Room 2.10
Friday afternoon from 2 to 3 o'clock.
Miss Margery Bailey will conduct the
class, and the textbook which is to be
used is Rausclicnhusch's "Social Prin
ciples of Jesus."
There has baen a movement in all
the colleges and universities in the
United States to organize classes for
the purpose of studying the relation
of Christian principles to this war.
Mills College with an enrollment of
only 300 women has 215 in these
classes. Stanford expects to enlist at
least 250 women.
Leaders of tke Y. W. C. A. discus
sions classes will meet in Room 2.10
Friday afternoon from 2 to 3 o'clock.
Miss Margery Bailey will conduct the
class, and the textbook which is to be
used is Rausclicnhusch's "Social Prin
ciples of Jesus."
There has baen a movement in all
the colleges and universities in the
United States to organize classes for
the purpose of studying the relation
of Christian principles to this war.
Mills College with an enrollment of
only 300 women has 215 in these
classes. Stanford expects to enlist at
least 250 women.
