# Victory.
## 
### 
Captain Seward's men have proved
their mettle. Rowing in a shell of
antiquated pattern, the Stanford crew

defeated oarsmen using
craft considered to be the
perfection of the boat-

maker's art. To do this, however, re
quired months of arduous training
without the services of a paid coach.
This is really the triumph of the
Cardinal crew. Under no other in
struction than that given by Captain
Seward and his assistants, a Varsity
eight was developed capable of taking
the measure of the men taught by
Coach Conibear.
The Freshmen deserve no less credit
than the Varsity. It was their hard,
conscientious training and trial races
with the veterans that alone made
possible the double victory. To the
men in the 1915 boat we will look
next year for material to uphold Stan
ford's name upon the water.
