# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Although no complete reports
as to the welfare of the Stanford
amendment have been received, it
is without doubt safe to judge the
assertion from what reports have
been a I read}' received thi't the
amendment has passed. From
the few reports already received
the amendment has passed by a
large majority, and later advices
only show that a large vote in
favor of the amendment has been
polled.
Now that the amendment
has passed, the future of the Uni
versity is secure, and the wishes
and |dms of the founders can be
carried out, to the letter. It would
only be just, that some acknowl
edgment lie made of the debt ow
ing to those who have worked
earnestly in behalf of the Univer
sity. Faculty, alumni, and stu
dents have stood shoulder to
shoulder in behalf of the Univer
sity and their efforts have been
crowned with success. The stu
dents especially who took the op
portunity yesterday of doing
valiant service for the amendment
can feel assured that they have
earned the gratitude of Mrs. Stan
ford, the University, and the
friends of the institution. That
the University was face to face
with a serious question no one can
deny, and the fact that the danger
has been surmounted is a. triumph
for higher education on this Coast,
it. shows that the people of Cali
fornia are behind this institution
and that they have faith in its
future.
Although no complete reports
as to the welfare of the Stanford
amendment have been received, it
is without doubt safe to judge the
assertion from what reports have
been a I read}' received thi't the
amendment has passed. From
the few reports already received
the amendment has passed by a
large majority, and later advices
only show that a large vote in
favor of the amendment has been
polled.
Now that the amendment
has passed, the future of the Uni
versity is secure, and the wishes
and |dms of the founders can be
carried out, to the letter. It would
only be just, that some acknowl
edgment lie made of the debt ow
ing to those who have worked
earnestly in behalf of the Univer
sity. Faculty, alumni, and stu
dents have stood shoulder to
shoulder in behalf of the Univer
sity and their efforts have been
crowned with success. The stu
dents especially who took the op
portunity yesterday of doing
valiant service for the amendment
can feel assured that they have
earned the gratitude of Mrs. Stan
ford, the University, and the
friends of the institution. That
the University was face to face
with a serious question no one can
deny, and the fact that the danger
has been surmounted is a. triumph
for higher education on this Coast,
it. shows that the people of Cali
fornia are behind this institution
and that they have faith in its
future.
Although no complete reports
as to the welfare of the Stanford
amendment have been received, it
is without doubt safe to judge the
assertion from what reports have
been a I read}' received thi't the
amendment has passed. From
the few reports already received
the amendment has passed by a
large majority, and later advices
only show that a large vote in
favor of the amendment has been
polled.
Now that the amendment
has passed, the future of the Uni
versity is secure, and the wishes
and |dms of the founders can be
carried out, to the letter. It would
only be just, that some acknowl
edgment lie made of the debt ow
ing to those who have worked
earnestly in behalf of the Univer
sity. Faculty, alumni, and stu
dents have stood shoulder to
shoulder in behalf of the Univer
sity and their efforts have been
crowned with success. The stu
dents especially who took the op
portunity yesterday of doing
valiant service for the amendment
can feel assured that they have
earned the gratitude of Mrs. Stan
ford, the University, and the
friends of the institution. That
the University was face to face
with a serious question no one can
deny, and the fact that the danger
has been surmounted is a. triumph
for higher education on this Coast,
it. shows that the people of Cali
fornia are behind this institution
and that they have faith in its
future.
Although no complete reports
as to the welfare of the Stanford
amendment have been received, it
is without doubt safe to judge the
assertion from what reports have
been a I read}' received thi't the
amendment has passed. From
the few reports already received
the amendment has passed by a
large majority, and later advices
only show that a large vote in
favor of the amendment has been
polled.
Now that the amendment
has passed, the future of the Uni
versity is secure, and the wishes
and |dms of the founders can be
carried out, to the letter. It would
only be just, that some acknowl
edgment lie made of the debt ow
ing to those who have worked
earnestly in behalf of the Univer
sity. Faculty, alumni, and stu
dents have stood shoulder to
shoulder in behalf of the Univer
sity and their efforts have been
crowned with success. The stu
dents especially who took the op
portunity yesterday of doing
valiant service for the amendment
can feel assured that they have
earned the gratitude of Mrs. Stan
ford, the University, and the
friends of the institution. That
the University was face to face
with a serious question no one can
deny, and the fact that the danger
has been surmounted is a. triumph
for higher education on this Coast,
it. shows that the people of Cali
fornia are behind this institution
and that they have faith in its
future.
Although no complete reports
as to the welfare of the Stanford
amendment have been received, it
is without doubt safe to judge the
assertion from what reports have
been a I read}' received thi't the
amendment has passed. From
the few reports already received
the amendment has passed by a
large majority, and later advices
only show that a large vote in
favor of the amendment has been
polled.
Now that the amendment
has passed, the future of the Uni
versity is secure, and the wishes
and |dms of the founders can be
carried out, to the letter. It would
only be just, that some acknowl
edgment lie made of the debt ow
ing to those who have worked
earnestly in behalf of the Univer
sity. Faculty, alumni, and stu
dents have stood shoulder to
shoulder in behalf of the Univer
sity and their efforts have been
crowned with success. The stu
dents especially who took the op
portunity yesterday of doing
valiant service for the amendment
can feel assured that they have
earned the gratitude of Mrs. Stan
ford, the University, and the
friends of the institution. That
the University was face to face
with a serious question no one can
deny, and the fact that the danger
has been surmounted is a. triumph
for higher education on this Coast,
it. shows that the people of Cali
fornia are behind this institution
and that they have faith in its
future.
Although no complete reports
as to the welfare of the Stanford
amendment have been received, it
is without doubt safe to judge the
assertion from what reports have
been a I read}' received thi't the
amendment has passed. From
the few reports already received
the amendment has passed by a
large majority, and later advices
only show that a large vote in
favor of the amendment has been
polled.
Now that the amendment
has passed, the future of the Uni
versity is secure, and the wishes
and |dms of the founders can be
carried out, to the letter. It would
only be just, that some acknowl
edgment lie made of the debt ow
ing to those who have worked
earnestly in behalf of the Univer
sity. Faculty, alumni, and stu
dents have stood shoulder to
shoulder in behalf of the Univer
sity and their efforts have been
crowned with success. The stu
dents especially who took the op
portunity yesterday of doing
valiant service for the amendment
can feel assured that they have
earned the gratitude of Mrs. Stan
ford, the University, and the
friends of the institution. That
the University was face to face
with a serious question no one can
deny, and the fact that the danger
has been surmounted is a. triumph
for higher education on this Coast,
it. shows that the people of Cali
fornia are behind this institution
and that they have faith in its
future.
Although no complete reports
as to the welfare of the Stanford
amendment have been received, it
is without doubt safe to judge the
assertion from what reports have
been a I read}' received thi't the
amendment has passed. From
the few reports already received
the amendment has passed by a
large majority, and later advices
only show that a large vote in
favor of the amendment has been
polled.
Now that the amendment
has passed, the future of the Uni
versity is secure, and the wishes
and |dms of the founders can be
carried out, to the letter. It would
only be just, that some acknowl
edgment lie made of the debt ow
ing to those who have worked
earnestly in behalf of the Univer
sity. Faculty, alumni, and stu
dents have stood shoulder to
shoulder in behalf of the Univer
sity and their efforts have been
crowned with success. The stu
dents especially who took the op
portunity yesterday of doing
valiant service for the amendment
can feel assured that they have
earned the gratitude of Mrs. Stan
ford, the University, and the
friends of the institution. That
the University was face to face
with a serious question no one can
deny, and the fact that the danger
has been surmounted is a. triumph
for higher education on this Coast,
it. shows that the people of Cali
fornia are behind this institution
and that they have faith in its
future.
