# Allan Ladd Shines In Screen Debut
## 
### 
"THIS (;UN FOR HIRE/' now
playing at the Stanford in Palo Alio.
To get right down to brass tacks,
"This Gun for Hire" is a first-rate
movie. Basically, it is a character
study of Raven, a murderer who is
kind to cats. Allan Ladd as Raven
makes his motion picture debut a
dramatic coup; Laird Cregar is good
as always: Veronica Lake, who does
not look quite right, does her role
irreproachably; and the picture as a
whole is constructed and timed as
skillfully as if it were a Hitchcock
epic.
In (he newsreel. a Mediterranean
convoy battle happens to be a su
preme examle of naval warfare
photography.
The second feature. "This Time
for Keeps." is the hardest movie to
stomach I've seen in the last foui
months. â€”Covey
