# Adv. 6 Page 3
## 
### 
you to "ride down" the crash
as the vehicle absorbs the
impact. They also help pre
vent you from being thrown
from the car in an accident,
where you are more likely
to be killed or seriously
injured.
Safety belts have
proved effective in reduc
ing injuries and fatalities.
That's why GM supports
belt-use laws. Automatic
lap/shoulder belt systems
will make it even easier for
people to comply with these
laws.
Opening the door pulls
the belts forward for entry.
Closing it brings the belts
into their operating position.
A single push button at the
center anchor point releases
the system in an emergency.
Retractors pull the released
belts into storage positions
on the door.
Extra attachment
points will be built into
cars equipped with these
systems so you can secure
most child restraint systems
with an auxiliary lap belt.
General Motors is pur
suing other programs that
will help reduce the number
and severity of injuries
caused by accidents. We are
