# Untitled Article
## 
### 

ASSU CONCERT SERIES. Cellist Leslie Pcirnas will perform tomorrow
night at 8:15 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium. The American-born
musician has won many international contests including the "Prix
Pablo Casals" at the International Cello Concours in Paris. Tickets
are available at the Tresidder Box Office at $3.00, $2.50, $2.00,
and $1.50.

ASSU CONCERT SERIES. Cellist Leslie Pcirnas will perform tomorrow
night at 8:15 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium. The American-born
musician has won many international contests including the "Prix
Pablo Casals" at the International Cello Concours in Paris. Tickets
are available at the Tresidder Box Office at $3.00, $2.50, $2.00,
and $1.50.

ASSU CONCERT SERIES. Cellist Leslie Pcirnas will perform tomorrow
night at 8:15 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium. The American-born
musician has won many international contests including the "Prix
Pablo Casals" at the International Cello Concours in Paris. Tickets
are available at the Tresidder Box Office at $3.00, $2.50, $2.00,
and $1.50.

ASSU CONCERT SERIES. Cellist Leslie Pcirnas will perform tomorrow
night at 8:15 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium. The American-born
musician has won many international contests including the "Prix
Pablo Casals" at the International Cello Concours in Paris. Tickets
are available at the Tresidder Box Office at $3.00, $2.50, $2.00,
and $1.50.

ASSU CONCERT SERIES. Cellist Leslie Pcirnas will perform tomorrow
night at 8:15 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium. The American-born
musician has won many international contests including the "Prix
Pablo Casals" at the International Cello Concours in Paris. Tickets
are available at the Tresidder Box Office at $3.00, $2.50, $2.00,
and $1.50.

ASSU CONCERT SERIES. Cellist Leslie Pcirnas will perform tomorrow
night at 8:15 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium. The American-born
musician has won many international contests including the "Prix
Pablo Casals" at the International Cello Concours in Paris. Tickets
are available at the Tresidder Box Office at $3.00, $2.50, $2.00,
and $1.50.

ASSU CONCERT SERIES. Cellist Leslie Pcirnas will perform tomorrow
night at 8:15 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium. The American-born
musician has won many international contests including the "Prix
Pablo Casals" at the International Cello Concours in Paris. Tickets
are available at the Tresidder Box Office at $3.00, $2.50, $2.00,
and $1.50.

ASSU CONCERT SERIES. Cellist Leslie Pcirnas will perform tomorrow
night at 8:15 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium. The American-born
musician has won many international contests including the "Prix
Pablo Casals" at the International Cello Concours in Paris. Tickets
are available at the Tresidder Box Office at $3.00, $2.50, $2.00,
and $1.50.

ASSU CONCERT SERIES. Cellist Leslie Pcirnas will perform tomorrow
night at 8:15 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium. The American-born
musician has won many international contests including the "Prix
Pablo Casals" at the International Cello Concours in Paris. Tickets
are available at the Tresidder Box Office at $3.00, $2.50, $2.00,
and $1.50.

ASSU CONCERT SERIES. Cellist Leslie Pcirnas will perform tomorrow
night at 8:15 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium. The American-born
musician has won many international contests including the "Prix
Pablo Casals" at the International Cello Concours in Paris. Tickets
are available at the Tresidder Box Office at $3.00, $2.50, $2.00,
and $1.50.

ASSU CONCERT SERIES. Cellist Leslie Pcirnas will perform tomorrow
night at 8:15 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium. The American-born
musician has won many international contests including the "Prix
Pablo Casals" at the International Cello Concours in Paris. Tickets
are available at the Tresidder Box Office at $3.00, $2.50, $2.00,
and $1.50.

ASSU CONCERT SERIES. Cellist Leslie Pcirnas will perform tomorrow
night at 8:15 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium. The American-born
musician has won many international contests including the "Prix
Pablo Casals" at the International Cello Concours in Paris. Tickets
are available at the Tresidder Box Office at $3.00, $2.50, $2.00,
and $1.50.

ASSU CONCERT SERIES. Cellist Leslie Pcirnas will perform tomorrow
night at 8:15 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium. The American-born
musician has won many international contests including the "Prix
Pablo Casals" at the International Cello Concours in Paris. Tickets
are available at the Tresidder Box Office at $3.00, $2.50, $2.00,
and $1.50.

ASSU CONCERT SERIES. Cellist Leslie Pcirnas will perform tomorrow
night at 8:15 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium. The American-born
musician has won many international contests including the "Prix
Pablo Casals" at the International Cello Concours in Paris. Tickets
are available at the Tresidder Box Office at $3.00, $2.50, $2.00,
and $1.50.

ASSU CONCERT SERIES. Cellist Leslie Pcirnas will perform tomorrow
night at 8:15 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium. The American-born
musician has won many international contests including the "Prix
Pablo Casals" at the International Cello Concours in Paris. Tickets
are available at the Tresidder Box Office at $3.00, $2.50, $2.00,
and $1.50.
