# Untitled Article
## 
### 

MEN'S GLEE CLUB. Robert MacKinnon rehearses the Stanford Men's
Glee Club in preparation for "Songs for March 3, a program to be
held in the Tresidder Union Lounge today at 4:30 p.m. Admission
is free and coffee will be served.

MEN'S GLEE CLUB. Robert MacKinnon rehearses the Stanford Men's
Glee Club in preparation for "Songs for March 3, a program to be
held in the Tresidder Union Lounge today at 4:30 p.m. Admission
is free and coffee will be served.

MEN'S GLEE CLUB. Robert MacKinnon rehearses the Stanford Men's
Glee Club in preparation for "Songs for March 3, a program to be
held in the Tresidder Union Lounge today at 4:30 p.m. Admission
is free and coffee will be served.

MEN'S GLEE CLUB. Robert MacKinnon rehearses the Stanford Men's
Glee Club in preparation for "Songs for March 3, a program to be
held in the Tresidder Union Lounge today at 4:30 p.m. Admission
is free and coffee will be served.

MEN'S GLEE CLUB. Robert MacKinnon rehearses the Stanford Men's
Glee Club in preparation for "Songs for March 3, a program to be
held in the Tresidder Union Lounge today at 4:30 p.m. Admission
is free and coffee will be served.

MEN'S GLEE CLUB. Robert MacKinnon rehearses the Stanford Men's
Glee Club in preparation for "Songs for March 3, a program to be
held in the Tresidder Union Lounge today at 4:30 p.m. Admission
is free and coffee will be served.

MEN'S GLEE CLUB. Robert MacKinnon rehearses the Stanford Men's
Glee Club in preparation for "Songs for March 3, a program to be
held in the Tresidder Union Lounge today at 4:30 p.m. Admission
is free and coffee will be served.

MEN'S GLEE CLUB. Robert MacKinnon rehearses the Stanford Men's
Glee Club in preparation for "Songs for March 3, a program to be
held in the Tresidder Union Lounge today at 4:30 p.m. Admission
is free and coffee will be served.

MEN'S GLEE CLUB. Robert MacKinnon rehearses the Stanford Men's
Glee Club in preparation for "Songs for March 3, a program to be
held in the Tresidder Union Lounge today at 4:30 p.m. Admission
is free and coffee will be served.

MEN'S GLEE CLUB. Robert MacKinnon rehearses the Stanford Men's
Glee Club in preparation for "Songs for March 3, a program to be
held in the Tresidder Union Lounge today at 4:30 p.m. Admission
is free and coffee will be served.

MEN'S GLEE CLUB. Robert MacKinnon rehearses the Stanford Men's
Glee Club in preparation for "Songs for March 3, a program to be
held in the Tresidder Union Lounge today at 4:30 p.m. Admission
is free and coffee will be served.

MEN'S GLEE CLUB. Robert MacKinnon rehearses the Stanford Men's
Glee Club in preparation for "Songs for March 3, a program to be
held in the Tresidder Union Lounge today at 4:30 p.m. Admission
is free and coffee will be served.

MEN'S GLEE CLUB. Robert MacKinnon rehearses the Stanford Men's
Glee Club in preparation for "Songs for March 3, a program to be
held in the Tresidder Union Lounge today at 4:30 p.m. Admission
is free and coffee will be served.

MEN'S GLEE CLUB. Robert MacKinnon rehearses the Stanford Men's
Glee Club in preparation for "Songs for March 3, a program to be
held in the Tresidder Union Lounge today at 4:30 p.m. Admission
is free and coffee will be served.

MEN'S GLEE CLUB. Robert MacKinnon rehearses the Stanford Men's
Glee Club in preparation for "Songs for March 3, a program to be
held in the Tresidder Union Lounge today at 4:30 p.m. Admission
is free and coffee will be served.
