# Miner Describes Night of Terror
## 
### 
NEVADA CITY, April 19 (UP).—
A day and a night of terror in the
Mother Lode gold mining towns of
Nevada City and Grass Valley was
described today by the first wit
ness at the State's inquiry into
charges of Committee for Indus
trial Organization miners that they
were run out of the area.
The witness was Albert Garesio,
secretary of the Grass Valley local
of the International Mine, Mill and
Smelter Workers' Union. He came
here with 200 miners and their
families from a refugee camp at
Sacramento.
The refugees arrived in 50 auto
mobiles convoyed by State highway
patrolmen. There was no sign of
hostility as the caravan stopped at
the courthouse in which the hear
ing was held before a five-man
committee.
NEVADA CITY, April 19 (UP).—
A day and a night of terror in the
Mother Lode gold mining towns of
Nevada City and Grass Valley was
described today by the first wit
ness at the State's inquiry into
charges of Committee for Indus
trial Organization miners that they
were run out of the area.
The witness was Albert Garesio,
secretary of the Grass Valley local
of the International Mine, Mill and
Smelter Workers' Union. He came
here with 200 miners and their
families from a refugee camp at
Sacramento.
The refugees arrived in 50 auto
mobiles convoyed by State highway
patrolmen. There was no sign of
hostility as the caravan stopped at
the courthouse in which the hear
ing was held before a five-man
committee.
NEVADA CITY, April 19 (UP).—
A day and a night of terror in the
Mother Lode gold mining towns of
Nevada City and Grass Valley was
described today by the first wit
ness at the State's inquiry into
charges of Committee for Indus
trial Organization miners that they
were run out of the area.
The witness was Albert Garesio,
secretary of the Grass Valley local
of the International Mine, Mill and
Smelter Workers' Union. He came
here with 200 miners and their
families from a refugee camp at
Sacramento.
The refugees arrived in 50 auto
mobiles convoyed by State highway
patrolmen. There was no sign of
hostility as the caravan stopped at
the courthouse in which the hear
ing was held before a five-man
committee.
NEVADA CITY, April 19 (UP).—
A day and a night of terror in the
Mother Lode gold mining towns of
Nevada City and Grass Valley was
described today by the first wit
ness at the State's inquiry into
charges of Committee for Indus
trial Organization miners that they
were run out of the area.
The witness was Albert Garesio,
secretary of the Grass Valley local
of the International Mine, Mill and
Smelter Workers' Union. He came
here with 200 miners and their
families from a refugee camp at
Sacramento.
The refugees arrived in 50 auto
mobiles convoyed by State highway
patrolmen. There was no sign of
hostility as the caravan stopped at
the courthouse in which the hear
ing was held before a five-man
committee.
NEVADA CITY, April 19 (UP).—
A day and a night of terror in the
Mother Lode gold mining towns of
Nevada City and Grass Valley was
described today by the first wit
ness at the State's inquiry into
charges of Committee for Indus
trial Organization miners that they
were run out of the area.
The witness was Albert Garesio,
secretary of the Grass Valley local
of the International Mine, Mill and
Smelter Workers' Union. He came
here with 200 miners and their
families from a refugee camp at
Sacramento.
The refugees arrived in 50 auto
mobiles convoyed by State highway
patrolmen. There was no sign of
hostility as the caravan stopped at
the courthouse in which the hear
ing was held before a five-man
committee.
NEVADA CITY, April 19 (UP).—
A day and a night of terror in the
Mother Lode gold mining towns of
Nevada City and Grass Valley was
described today by the first wit
ness at the State's inquiry into
charges of Committee for Indus
trial Organization miners that they
were run out of the area.
The witness was Albert Garesio,
secretary of the Grass Valley local
of the International Mine, Mill and
Smelter Workers' Union. He came
here with 200 miners and their
families from a refugee camp at
Sacramento.
The refugees arrived in 50 auto
mobiles convoyed by State highway
patrolmen. There was no sign of
hostility as the caravan stopped at
the courthouse in which the hear
ing was held before a five-man
committee.
NEVADA CITY, April 19 (UP).—
A day and a night of terror in the
Mother Lode gold mining towns of
Nevada City and Grass Valley was
described today by the first wit
ness at the State's inquiry into
charges of Committee for Indus
trial Organization miners that they
were run out of the area.
The witness was Albert Garesio,
secretary of the Grass Valley local
of the International Mine, Mill and
Smelter Workers' Union. He came
here with 200 miners and their
families from a refugee camp at
Sacramento.
The refugees arrived in 50 auto
mobiles convoyed by State highway
patrolmen. There was no sign of
hostility as the caravan stopped at
the courthouse in which the hear
ing was held before a five-man
committee.
NEVADA CITY, April 19 (UP).—
A day and a night of terror in the
Mother Lode gold mining towns of
Nevada City and Grass Valley was
described today by the first wit
ness at the State's inquiry into
charges of Committee for Indus
trial Organization miners that they
were run out of the area.
The witness was Albert Garesio,
secretary of the Grass Valley local
of the International Mine, Mill and
Smelter Workers' Union. He came
here with 200 miners and their
families from a refugee camp at
Sacramento.
The refugees arrived in 50 auto
mobiles convoyed by State highway
patrolmen. There was no sign of
hostility as the caravan stopped at
the courthouse in which the hear
ing was held before a five-man
committee.
NEVADA CITY, April 19 (UP).—
A day and a night of terror in the
Mother Lode gold mining towns of
Nevada City and Grass Valley was
described today by the first wit
ness at the State's inquiry into
charges of Committee for Indus
trial Organization miners that they
were run out of the area.
The witness was Albert Garesio,
secretary of the Grass Valley local
of the International Mine, Mill and
Smelter Workers' Union. He came
here with 200 miners and their
families from a refugee camp at
Sacramento.
The refugees arrived in 50 auto
mobiles convoyed by State highway
patrolmen. There was no sign of
hostility as the caravan stopped at
the courthouse in which the hear
ing was held before a five-man
committee.
NEVADA CITY, April 19 (UP).—
A day and a night of terror in the
Mother Lode gold mining towns of
Nevada City and Grass Valley was
described today by the first wit
ness at the State's inquiry into
charges of Committee for Indus
trial Organization miners that they
were run out of the area.
The witness was Albert Garesio,
secretary of the Grass Valley local
of the International Mine, Mill and
Smelter Workers' Union. He came
here with 200 miners and their
families from a refugee camp at
Sacramento.
The refugees arrived in 50 auto
mobiles convoyed by State highway
patrolmen. There was no sign of
hostility as the caravan stopped at
the courthouse in which the hear
ing was held before a five-man
committee.
NEVADA CITY, April 19 (UP).—
A day and a night of terror in the
Mother Lode gold mining towns of
Nevada City and Grass Valley was
described today by the first wit
ness at the State's inquiry into
charges of Committee for Indus
trial Organization miners that they
were run out of the area.
The witness was Albert Garesio,
secretary of the Grass Valley local
of the International Mine, Mill and
Smelter Workers' Union. He came
here with 200 miners and their
families from a refugee camp at
Sacramento.
The refugees arrived in 50 auto
mobiles convoyed by State highway
patrolmen. There was no sign of
hostility as the caravan stopped at
the courthouse in which the hear
ing was held before a five-man
committee.
NEVADA CITY, April 19 (UP).—
A day and a night of terror in the
Mother Lode gold mining towns of
Nevada City and Grass Valley was
described today by the first wit
ness at the State's inquiry into
charges of Committee for Indus
trial Organization miners that they
were run out of the area.
The witness was Albert Garesio,
secretary of the Grass Valley local
of the International Mine, Mill and
Smelter Workers' Union. He came
here with 200 miners and their
families from a refugee camp at
Sacramento.
The refugees arrived in 50 auto
mobiles convoyed by State highway
patrolmen. There was no sign of
hostility as the caravan stopped at
the courthouse in which the hear
ing was held before a five-man
committee.
NEVADA CITY, April 19 (UP).—
A day and a night of terror in the
Mother Lode gold mining towns of
Nevada City and Grass Valley was
described today by the first wit
ness at the State's inquiry into
charges of Committee for Indus
trial Organization miners that they
were run out of the area.
The witness was Albert Garesio,
secretary of the Grass Valley local
of the International Mine, Mill and
Smelter Workers' Union. He came
here with 200 miners and their
families from a refugee camp at
Sacramento.
The refugees arrived in 50 auto
mobiles convoyed by State highway
patrolmen. There was no sign of
hostility as the caravan stopped at
the courthouse in which the hear
ing was held before a five-man
committee.
NEVADA CITY, April 19 (UP).—
A day and a night of terror in the
Mother Lode gold mining towns of
Nevada City and Grass Valley was
described today by the first wit
ness at the State's inquiry into
charges of Committee for Indus
trial Organization miners that they
were run out of the area.
The witness was Albert Garesio,
secretary of the Grass Valley local
of the International Mine, Mill and
Smelter Workers' Union. He came
here with 200 miners and their
families from a refugee camp at
Sacramento.
The refugees arrived in 50 auto
mobiles convoyed by State highway
patrolmen. There was no sign of
hostility as the caravan stopped at
the courthouse in which the hear
ing was held before a five-man
committee.
NEVADA CITY, April 19 (UP).—
A day and a night of terror in the
Mother Lode gold mining towns of
Nevada City and Grass Valley was
described today by the first wit
ness at the State's inquiry into
charges of Committee for Indus
trial Organization miners that they
were run out of the area.
The witness was Albert Garesio,
secretary of the Grass Valley local
of the International Mine, Mill and
Smelter Workers' Union. He came
here with 200 miners and their
families from a refugee camp at
Sacramento.
The refugees arrived in 50 auto
mobiles convoyed by State highway
patrolmen. There was no sign of
hostility as the caravan stopped at
the courthouse in which the hear
ing was held before a five-man
committee.
