# DELTA GAMMA PLEDGE
## 
### 
Pan-Hellenic announces the pledg
ing of Martha Benson, '41, to Delta
Gamma.
Pan-Hellenic announces the pledg
ing of Martha Benson, '41, to Delta
Gamma.
Pan-Hellenic announces the pledg
ing of Martha Benson, '41, to Delta
Gamma.
Pan-Hellenic announces the pledg
ing of Martha Benson, '41, to Delta
Gamma.
Pan-Hellenic announces the pledg
ing of Martha Benson, '41, to Delta
Gamma.
Pan-Hellenic announces the pledg
ing of Martha Benson, '41, to Delta
Gamma.
Pan-Hellenic announces the pledg
ing of Martha Benson, '41, to Delta
Gamma.
Pan-Hellenic announces the pledg
ing of Martha Benson, '41, to Delta
Gamma.
Pan-Hellenic announces the pledg
ing of Martha Benson, '41, to Delta
Gamma.
Pan-Hellenic announces the pledg
ing of Martha Benson, '41, to Delta
Gamma.
Pan-Hellenic announces the pledg
ing of Martha Benson, '41, to Delta
Gamma.
Pan-Hellenic announces the pledg
ing of Martha Benson, '41, to Delta
Gamma.
Pan-Hellenic announces the pledg
ing of Martha Benson, '41, to Delta
Gamma.
Pan-Hellenic announces the pledg
ing of Martha Benson, '41, to Delta
Gamma.
Pan-Hellenic announces the pledg
ing of Martha Benson, '41, to Delta
Gamma.
