# Speaker Defines European Peace
## 
### 
Can Europe Be Saved" was the
subject of the lecture last night at
Memorial Hall given by S. K. Rat
cliffe. He discussed the present situ
ation, describing it as the gravest
since 1918. "While the League of
Nations was absolutely destroyed,"
he said, "it has failed in its major
function of preserving peace."
"Armaments are being steadily in
creased", he said, " and rigid mili
tary programs put into effect in the
ever-increasing Fascist countries."
As Paul Schmidt said, "Unless a mir
acle should happen, the powers of
Europe are heading for mutual de
struction."
Mr. Ratcliffe emphasized, how
ever, that Europeans are desperate
ly peace-conscious, and will strive
to avoid war at any cost. He stated
that they will even watch passively
Germany's aggressive policy, know
ing that this is the only way to
keep peace.
Can Europe Be Saved" was the
subject of the lecture last night at
Memorial Hall given by S. K. Rat
cliffe. He discussed the present situ
ation, describing it as the gravest
since 1918. "While the League of
Nations was absolutely destroyed,"
he said, "it has failed in its major
function of preserving peace."
"Armaments are being steadily in
creased", he said, " and rigid mili
tary programs put into effect in the
ever-increasing Fascist countries."
As Paul Schmidt said, "Unless a mir
acle should happen, the powers of
Europe are heading for mutual de
struction."
Mr. Ratcliffe emphasized, how
ever, that Europeans are desperate
ly peace-conscious, and will strive
to avoid war at any cost. He stated
that they will even watch passively
Germany's aggressive policy, know
ing that this is the only way to
keep peace.
Can Europe Be Saved" was the
subject of the lecture last night at
Memorial Hall given by S. K. Rat
cliffe. He discussed the present situ
ation, describing it as the gravest
since 1918. "While the League of
Nations was absolutely destroyed,"
he said, "it has failed in its major
function of preserving peace."
"Armaments are being steadily in
creased", he said, " and rigid mili
tary programs put into effect in the
ever-increasing Fascist countries."
As Paul Schmidt said, "Unless a mir
acle should happen, the powers of
Europe are heading for mutual de
struction."
Mr. Ratcliffe emphasized, how
ever, that Europeans are desperate
ly peace-conscious, and will strive
to avoid war at any cost. He stated
that they will even watch passively
Germany's aggressive policy, know
ing that this is the only way to
keep peace.
Can Europe Be Saved" was the
subject of the lecture last night at
Memorial Hall given by S. K. Rat
cliffe. He discussed the present situ
ation, describing it as the gravest
since 1918. "While the League of
Nations was absolutely destroyed,"
he said, "it has failed in its major
function of preserving peace."
"Armaments are being steadily in
creased", he said, " and rigid mili
tary programs put into effect in the
ever-increasing Fascist countries."
As Paul Schmidt said, "Unless a mir
acle should happen, the powers of
Europe are heading for mutual de
struction."
Mr. Ratcliffe emphasized, how
ever, that Europeans are desperate
ly peace-conscious, and will strive
to avoid war at any cost. He stated
that they will even watch passively
Germany's aggressive policy, know
ing that this is the only way to
keep peace.
Can Europe Be Saved" was the
subject of the lecture last night at
Memorial Hall given by S. K. Rat
cliffe. He discussed the present situ
ation, describing it as the gravest
since 1918. "While the League of
Nations was absolutely destroyed,"
he said, "it has failed in its major
function of preserving peace."
"Armaments are being steadily in
creased", he said, " and rigid mili
tary programs put into effect in the
ever-increasing Fascist countries."
As Paul Schmidt said, "Unless a mir
acle should happen, the powers of
Europe are heading for mutual de
struction."
Mr. Ratcliffe emphasized, how
ever, that Europeans are desperate
ly peace-conscious, and will strive
to avoid war at any cost. He stated
that they will even watch passively
Germany's aggressive policy, know
ing that this is the only way to
keep peace.
Can Europe Be Saved" was the
subject of the lecture last night at
Memorial Hall given by S. K. Rat
cliffe. He discussed the present situ
ation, describing it as the gravest
since 1918. "While the League of
Nations was absolutely destroyed,"
he said, "it has failed in its major
function of preserving peace."
"Armaments are being steadily in
creased", he said, " and rigid mili
tary programs put into effect in the
ever-increasing Fascist countries."
As Paul Schmidt said, "Unless a mir
acle should happen, the powers of
Europe are heading for mutual de
struction."
Mr. Ratcliffe emphasized, how
ever, that Europeans are desperate
ly peace-conscious, and will strive
to avoid war at any cost. He stated
that they will even watch passively
Germany's aggressive policy, know
ing that this is the only way to
keep peace.
Can Europe Be Saved" was the
subject of the lecture last night at
Memorial Hall given by S. K. Rat
cliffe. He discussed the present situ
ation, describing it as the gravest
since 1918. "While the League of
Nations was absolutely destroyed,"
he said, "it has failed in its major
function of preserving peace."
"Armaments are being steadily in
creased", he said, " and rigid mili
tary programs put into effect in the
ever-increasing Fascist countries."
As Paul Schmidt said, "Unless a mir
acle should happen, the powers of
Europe are heading for mutual de
struction."
Mr. Ratcliffe emphasized, how
ever, that Europeans are desperate
ly peace-conscious, and will strive
to avoid war at any cost. He stated
that they will even watch passively
Germany's aggressive policy, know
ing that this is the only way to
keep peace.
Can Europe Be Saved" was the
subject of the lecture last night at
Memorial Hall given by S. K. Rat
cliffe. He discussed the present situ
ation, describing it as the gravest
since 1918. "While the League of
Nations was absolutely destroyed,"
he said, "it has failed in its major
function of preserving peace."
"Armaments are being steadily in
creased", he said, " and rigid mili
tary programs put into effect in the
ever-increasing Fascist countries."
As Paul Schmidt said, "Unless a mir
acle should happen, the powers of
Europe are heading for mutual de
struction."
Mr. Ratcliffe emphasized, how
ever, that Europeans are desperate
ly peace-conscious, and will strive
to avoid war at any cost. He stated
that they will even watch passively
Germany's aggressive policy, know
ing that this is the only way to
keep peace.
Can Europe Be Saved" was the
subject of the lecture last night at
Memorial Hall given by S. K. Rat
cliffe. He discussed the present situ
ation, describing it as the gravest
since 1918. "While the League of
Nations was absolutely destroyed,"
he said, "it has failed in its major
function of preserving peace."
"Armaments are being steadily in
creased", he said, " and rigid mili
tary programs put into effect in the
ever-increasing Fascist countries."
As Paul Schmidt said, "Unless a mir
acle should happen, the powers of
Europe are heading for mutual de
struction."
Mr. Ratcliffe emphasized, how
ever, that Europeans are desperate
ly peace-conscious, and will strive
to avoid war at any cost. He stated
that they will even watch passively
Germany's aggressive policy, know
ing that this is the only way to
keep peace.
Can Europe Be Saved" was the
subject of the lecture last night at
Memorial Hall given by S. K. Rat
cliffe. He discussed the present situ
ation, describing it as the gravest
since 1918. "While the League of
Nations was absolutely destroyed,"
he said, "it has failed in its major
function of preserving peace."
"Armaments are being steadily in
creased", he said, " and rigid mili
tary programs put into effect in the
ever-increasing Fascist countries."
As Paul Schmidt said, "Unless a mir
acle should happen, the powers of
Europe are heading for mutual de
struction."
Mr. Ratcliffe emphasized, how
ever, that Europeans are desperate
ly peace-conscious, and will strive
to avoid war at any cost. He stated
that they will even watch passively
Germany's aggressive policy, know
ing that this is the only way to
keep peace.
Can Europe Be Saved" was the
subject of the lecture last night at
Memorial Hall given by S. K. Rat
cliffe. He discussed the present situ
ation, describing it as the gravest
since 1918. "While the League of
Nations was absolutely destroyed,"
he said, "it has failed in its major
function of preserving peace."
"Armaments are being steadily in
creased", he said, " and rigid mili
tary programs put into effect in the
ever-increasing Fascist countries."
As Paul Schmidt said, "Unless a mir
acle should happen, the powers of
Europe are heading for mutual de
struction."
Mr. Ratcliffe emphasized, how
ever, that Europeans are desperate
ly peace-conscious, and will strive
to avoid war at any cost. He stated
that they will even watch passively
Germany's aggressive policy, know
ing that this is the only way to
keep peace.
Can Europe Be Saved" was the
subject of the lecture last night at
Memorial Hall given by S. K. Rat
cliffe. He discussed the present situ
ation, describing it as the gravest
since 1918. "While the League of
Nations was absolutely destroyed,"
he said, "it has failed in its major
function of preserving peace."
"Armaments are being steadily in
creased", he said, " and rigid mili
tary programs put into effect in the
ever-increasing Fascist countries."
As Paul Schmidt said, "Unless a mir
acle should happen, the powers of
Europe are heading for mutual de
struction."
Mr. Ratcliffe emphasized, how
ever, that Europeans are desperate
ly peace-conscious, and will strive
to avoid war at any cost. He stated
that they will even watch passively
Germany's aggressive policy, know
ing that this is the only way to
keep peace.
Can Europe Be Saved" was the
subject of the lecture last night at
Memorial Hall given by S. K. Rat
cliffe. He discussed the present situ
ation, describing it as the gravest
since 1918. "While the League of
Nations was absolutely destroyed,"
he said, "it has failed in its major
function of preserving peace."
"Armaments are being steadily in
creased", he said, " and rigid mili
tary programs put into effect in the
ever-increasing Fascist countries."
As Paul Schmidt said, "Unless a mir
acle should happen, the powers of
Europe are heading for mutual de
struction."
Mr. Ratcliffe emphasized, how
ever, that Europeans are desperate
ly peace-conscious, and will strive
to avoid war at any cost. He stated
that they will even watch passively
Germany's aggressive policy, know
ing that this is the only way to
keep peace.
Can Europe Be Saved" was the
subject of the lecture last night at
Memorial Hall given by S. K. Rat
cliffe. He discussed the present situ
ation, describing it as the gravest
since 1918. "While the League of
Nations was absolutely destroyed,"
he said, "it has failed in its major
function of preserving peace."
"Armaments are being steadily in
creased", he said, " and rigid mili
tary programs put into effect in the
ever-increasing Fascist countries."
As Paul Schmidt said, "Unless a mir
acle should happen, the powers of
Europe are heading for mutual de
struction."
Mr. Ratcliffe emphasized, how
ever, that Europeans are desperate
ly peace-conscious, and will strive
to avoid war at any cost. He stated
that they will even watch passively
Germany's aggressive policy, know
ing that this is the only way to
keep peace.
Can Europe Be Saved" was the
subject of the lecture last night at
Memorial Hall given by S. K. Rat
cliffe. He discussed the present situ
ation, describing it as the gravest
since 1918. "While the League of
Nations was absolutely destroyed,"
he said, "it has failed in its major
function of preserving peace."
"Armaments are being steadily in
creased", he said, " and rigid mili
tary programs put into effect in the
ever-increasing Fascist countries."
As Paul Schmidt said, "Unless a mir
acle should happen, the powers of
Europe are heading for mutual de
struction."
Mr. Ratcliffe emphasized, how
ever, that Europeans are desperate
ly peace-conscious, and will strive
to avoid war at any cost. He stated
that they will even watch passively
Germany's aggressive policy, know
ing that this is the only way to
keep peace.
