# Adv. 44 Page 11
## 
### 
SUMMER JOBS
Douglas Ranch Camp in Carmel
Valley is hiring Summer Camp
Counselors. We are lookinq for
gen. counselors, riders,
swimmers, tennis players and
more! Come meet us at the Job
Fair on WED. APRIL 12 or
www.dougltis camp com
SUMMER TENNIS INSTRUCTORS
Excellent Menlo Park program
seeks enthusiastic individuals
with experience with children.
June 12-July 21, Ipm-s:3opm or
July 24-Aug 18, 9am 12pm. $12
15/ hr Call 650 323 2261 Douglas
Ranch Camp in Carmel Valley is
hiring Summer Camp Counselors.
We are looking for gen.
counselors, riders, swimmers,
tennis players and more! Come
meet us at the Job Fair on WED
APRIL 12 or www.douglas
camp.com
SUMMER JOBS for teachers &
aides. Palo Alto District Child
Devt. Centers. Reg. positions
also. Exc. pay 8*36-0876
SUMMER JOBS for teachers &
aides. Palo Alto District Child
Devt Centers. Reg. positions
also. Exc. pay. 856 0876
