# Plants.
## 
### 
Full assortment, l>est kinds, rea
sonable prices. Sunset plants ;ire
raised for selling, and must be
moved to make room for next sea
son's growing. Residents of the
University, Palo Alto, May field,
and vicinity, who purpose planting,
will save money by patronizing
Sunset Nurseries, Menlo Park.
Full assortment, l>est kinds, rea
sonable prices. Sunset plants ;ire
raised for selling, and must be
moved to make room for next sea
son's growing. Residents of the
University, Palo Alto, May field,
and vicinity, who purpose planting,
will save money by patronizing
Sunset Nurseries, Menlo Park.
Full assortment, l>est kinds, rea
sonable prices. Sunset plants ;ire
raised for selling, and must be
moved to make room for next sea
son's growing. Residents of the
University, Palo Alto, May field,
and vicinity, who purpose planting,
will save money by patronizing
Sunset Nurseries, Menlo Park.
Full assortment, l>est kinds, rea
sonable prices. Sunset plants ;ire
raised for selling, and must be
moved to make room for next sea
son's growing. Residents of the
University, Palo Alto, May field,
and vicinity, who purpose planting,
will save money by patronizing
Sunset Nurseries, Menlo Park.
