# Quad
## 
### 
Photographers are needed to work
on The Quad, Stanford's yearbook.
Applicants need not have had any
former experience.
Interested students may get in
touch with Tom Dant or Dick Gil
berg at the Quad oflice, which is
located in the building near Wood
pecker Lodge, across from Geology
Corner.
Photographers are needed to work
on The Quad, Stanford's yearbook.
Applicants need not have had any
former experience.
Interested students may get in
touch with Tom Dant or Dick Gil
berg at the Quad oflice, which is
located in the building near Wood
pecker Lodge, across from Geology
Corner.
Photographers are needed to work
on The Quad, Stanford's yearbook.
Applicants need not have had any
former experience.
Interested students may get in
touch with Tom Dant or Dick Gil
berg at the Quad oflice, which is
located in the building near Wood
pecker Lodge, across from Geology
Corner.
Photographers are needed to work
on The Quad, Stanford's yearbook.
Applicants need not have had any
former experience.
Interested students may get in
touch with Tom Dant or Dick Gil
berg at the Quad oflice, which is
located in the building near Wood
pecker Lodge, across from Geology
Corner.
Photographers are needed to work
on The Quad, Stanford's yearbook.
Applicants need not have had any
former experience.
Interested students may get in
touch with Tom Dant or Dick Gil
berg at the Quad oflice, which is
located in the building near Wood
pecker Lodge, across from Geology
Corner.
Photographers are needed to work
on The Quad, Stanford's yearbook.
Applicants need not have had any
former experience.
Interested students may get in
touch with Tom Dant or Dick Gil
berg at the Quad oflice, which is
located in the building near Wood
pecker Lodge, across from Geology
Corner.
Photographers are needed to work
on The Quad, Stanford's yearbook.
Applicants need not have had any
former experience.
Interested students may get in
touch with Tom Dant or Dick Gil
berg at the Quad oflice, which is
located in the building near Wood
pecker Lodge, across from Geology
Corner.
Photographers are needed to work
on The Quad, Stanford's yearbook.
Applicants need not have had any
former experience.
Interested students may get in
touch with Tom Dant or Dick Gil
berg at the Quad oflice, which is
located in the building near Wood
pecker Lodge, across from Geology
Corner.
Photographers are needed to work
on The Quad, Stanford's yearbook.
Applicants need not have had any
former experience.
Interested students may get in
touch with Tom Dant or Dick Gil
berg at the Quad oflice, which is
located in the building near Wood
pecker Lodge, across from Geology
Corner.
Photographers are needed to work
on The Quad, Stanford's yearbook.
Applicants need not have had any
former experience.
Interested students may get in
touch with Tom Dant or Dick Gil
berg at the Quad oflice, which is
located in the building near Wood
pecker Lodge, across from Geology
Corner.
Photographers are needed to work
on The Quad, Stanford's yearbook.
Applicants need not have had any
former experience.
Interested students may get in
touch with Tom Dant or Dick Gil
berg at the Quad oflice, which is
located in the building near Wood
pecker Lodge, across from Geology
Corner.
Photographers are needed to work
on The Quad, Stanford's yearbook.
Applicants need not have had any
former experience.
Interested students may get in
touch with Tom Dant or Dick Gil
berg at the Quad oflice, which is
located in the building near Wood
pecker Lodge, across from Geology
Corner.
Photographers are needed to work
on The Quad, Stanford's yearbook.
Applicants need not have had any
former experience.
Interested students may get in
touch with Tom Dant or Dick Gil
berg at the Quad oflice, which is
located in the building near Wood
pecker Lodge, across from Geology
Corner.
Photographers are needed to work
on The Quad, Stanford's yearbook.
Applicants need not have had any
former experience.
Interested students may get in
touch with Tom Dant or Dick Gil
berg at the Quad oflice, which is
located in the building near Wood
pecker Lodge, across from Geology
Corner.
Photographers are needed to work
on The Quad, Stanford's yearbook.
Applicants need not have had any
former experience.
Interested students may get in
touch with Tom Dant or Dick Gil
berg at the Quad oflice, which is
located in the building near Wood
pecker Lodge, across from Geology
Corner.
