# Adv. 18 Page 4
## 
### 
t >
/•"*' ©J*B. S. CO.
HERE'S A
MODERN CLASSIC
BY STETSON
Take the new lines of" tomorrow . . . wider,
lower, more rakish ... mould them into a hat
of classic simplicity . . . and you have this
sophisticated new Stetson! It comes in the
distinguished new range of "Thoroughbred
Colors," of course.
I|
M I
t >
/•"*' ©J*B. S. CO.
HERE'S A
MODERN CLASSIC
BY STETSON
Take the new lines of" tomorrow . . . wider,
lower, more rakish ... mould them into a hat
of classic simplicity . . . and you have this
sophisticated new Stetson! It comes in the
distinguished new range of "Thoroughbred
Colors," of course.
I|
M I
t >
/•"*' ©J*B. S. CO.
HERE'S A
MODERN CLASSIC
BY STETSON
Take the new lines of" tomorrow . . . wider,
lower, more rakish ... mould them into a hat
of classic simplicity . . . and you have this
sophisticated new Stetson! It comes in the
distinguished new range of "Thoroughbred
Colors," of course.
I|
M I
t >
/•"*' ©J*B. S. CO.
HERE'S A
MODERN CLASSIC
BY STETSON
Take the new lines of" tomorrow . . . wider,
lower, more rakish ... mould them into a hat
of classic simplicity . . . and you have this
sophisticated new Stetson! It comes in the
distinguished new range of "Thoroughbred
Colors," of course.
I|
M I
t >
/•"*' ©J*B. S. CO.
HERE'S A
MODERN CLASSIC
BY STETSON
Take the new lines of" tomorrow . . . wider,
lower, more rakish ... mould them into a hat
of classic simplicity . . . and you have this
sophisticated new Stetson! It comes in the
distinguished new range of "Thoroughbred
Colors," of course.
I|
M I
t >
/•"*' ©J*B. S. CO.
HERE'S A
MODERN CLASSIC
BY STETSON
Take the new lines of" tomorrow . . . wider,
lower, more rakish ... mould them into a hat
of classic simplicity . . . and you have this
sophisticated new Stetson! It comes in the
distinguished new range of "Thoroughbred
Colors," of course.
I|
M I
t >
/•"*' ©J*B. S. CO.
HERE'S A
MODERN CLASSIC
BY STETSON
Take the new lines of" tomorrow . . . wider,
lower, more rakish ... mould them into a hat
of classic simplicity . . . and you have this
sophisticated new Stetson! It comes in the
distinguished new range of "Thoroughbred
Colors," of course.
I|
M I
t >
/•"*' ©J*B. S. CO.
HERE'S A
MODERN CLASSIC
BY STETSON
Take the new lines of" tomorrow . . . wider,
lower, more rakish ... mould them into a hat
of classic simplicity . . . and you have this
sophisticated new Stetson! It comes in the
distinguished new range of "Thoroughbred
Colors," of course.
I|
M I
t >
/•"*' ©J*B. S. CO.
HERE'S A
MODERN CLASSIC
BY STETSON
Take the new lines of" tomorrow . . . wider,
lower, more rakish ... mould them into a hat
of classic simplicity . . . and you have this
sophisticated new Stetson! It comes in the
distinguished new range of "Thoroughbred
Colors," of course.
I|
M I
t >
/•"*' ©J*B. S. CO.
HERE'S A
MODERN CLASSIC
BY STETSON
Take the new lines of" tomorrow . . . wider,
lower, more rakish ... mould them into a hat
of classic simplicity . . . and you have this
sophisticated new Stetson! It comes in the
distinguished new range of "Thoroughbred
Colors," of course.
I|
M I
t >
/•"*' ©J*B. S. CO.
HERE'S A
MODERN CLASSIC
BY STETSON
Take the new lines of" tomorrow . . . wider,
lower, more rakish ... mould them into a hat
of classic simplicity . . . and you have this
sophisticated new Stetson! It comes in the
distinguished new range of "Thoroughbred
Colors," of course.
I|
M I
t >
/•"*' ©J*B. S. CO.
HERE'S A
MODERN CLASSIC
BY STETSON
Take the new lines of" tomorrow . . . wider,
lower, more rakish ... mould them into a hat
of classic simplicity . . . and you have this
sophisticated new Stetson! It comes in the
distinguished new range of "Thoroughbred
Colors," of course.
I|
M I
t >
/•"*' ©J*B. S. CO.
HERE'S A
MODERN CLASSIC
BY STETSON
Take the new lines of" tomorrow . . . wider,
lower, more rakish ... mould them into a hat
of classic simplicity . . . and you have this
sophisticated new Stetson! It comes in the
distinguished new range of "Thoroughbred
Colors," of course.
I|
M I
t >
/•"*' ©J*B. S. CO.
HERE'S A
MODERN CLASSIC
BY STETSON
Take the new lines of" tomorrow . . . wider,
lower, more rakish ... mould them into a hat
of classic simplicity . . . and you have this
sophisticated new Stetson! It comes in the
distinguished new range of "Thoroughbred
Colors," of course.
I|
M I
t >
/•"*' ©J*B. S. CO.
HERE'S A
MODERN CLASSIC
BY STETSON
Take the new lines of" tomorrow . . . wider,
lower, more rakish ... mould them into a hat
of classic simplicity . . . and you have this
sophisticated new Stetson! It comes in the
distinguished new range of "Thoroughbred
Colors," of course.
I|
M I
