# Mural Field Set For Faculty Picnic
## 
### 
Dedication of the new Intramural
Sports Field will take place con
currently with the Student-Faculty
Picnic Friday afternoon, April 22,
it was decided Tuesday at \&>ekly
Axe Society meeting. The* Intra
mural Field will be used as a site
for the shirt-sleeve affair instead of
the Highway Polo Field, as pre
viously planned.
Chairman Dick Riddel! stated last
night, that plans are materializing
smoothly for the picnic, which will
be held from 3:30 to 7 o'clock in
the evening, and will feature stu
dent-faculty Softball, volleyball,
horseshoes, and checker games as its
salient points, the whole topped off
with a picnic supper.

During 1937 the ctiy of Toledo, 0.,
received $108,342 from parking me
ters, or approximately 35 cents
from every meter every day.
Dedication of the new Intramural
Sports Field will take place con
currently with the Student-Faculty
Picnic Friday afternoon, April 22,
it was decided Tuesday at \&>ekly
Axe Society meeting. The* Intra
mural Field will be used as a site
for the shirt-sleeve affair instead of
the Highway Polo Field, as pre
viously planned.
Chairman Dick Riddel! stated last
night, that plans are materializing
smoothly for the picnic, which will
be held from 3:30 to 7 o'clock in
the evening, and will feature stu
dent-faculty Softball, volleyball,
horseshoes, and checker games as its
salient points, the whole topped off
with a picnic supper.

During 1937 the ctiy of Toledo, 0.,
received $108,342 from parking me
ters, or approximately 35 cents
from every meter every day.
Dedication of the new Intramural
Sports Field will take place con
currently with the Student-Faculty
Picnic Friday afternoon, April 22,
it was decided Tuesday at \&>ekly
Axe Society meeting. The* Intra
mural Field will be used as a site
for the shirt-sleeve affair instead of
the Highway Polo Field, as pre
viously planned.
Chairman Dick Riddel! stated last
night, that plans are materializing
smoothly for the picnic, which will
be held from 3:30 to 7 o'clock in
the evening, and will feature stu
dent-faculty Softball, volleyball,
horseshoes, and checker games as its
salient points, the whole topped off
with a picnic supper.

During 1937 the ctiy of Toledo, 0.,
received $108,342 from parking me
ters, or approximately 35 cents
from every meter every day.
Dedication of the new Intramural
Sports Field will take place con
currently with the Student-Faculty
Picnic Friday afternoon, April 22,
it was decided Tuesday at \&>ekly
Axe Society meeting. The* Intra
mural Field will be used as a site
for the shirt-sleeve affair instead of
the Highway Polo Field, as pre
viously planned.
Chairman Dick Riddel! stated last
night, that plans are materializing
smoothly for the picnic, which will
be held from 3:30 to 7 o'clock in
the evening, and will feature stu
dent-faculty Softball, volleyball,
horseshoes, and checker games as its
salient points, the whole topped off
with a picnic supper.

During 1937 the ctiy of Toledo, 0.,
received $108,342 from parking me
ters, or approximately 35 cents
from every meter every day.
Dedication of the new Intramural
Sports Field will take place con
currently with the Student-Faculty
Picnic Friday afternoon, April 22,
it was decided Tuesday at \&>ekly
Axe Society meeting. The* Intra
mural Field will be used as a site
for the shirt-sleeve affair instead of
the Highway Polo Field, as pre
viously planned.
Chairman Dick Riddel! stated last
night, that plans are materializing
smoothly for the picnic, which will
be held from 3:30 to 7 o'clock in
the evening, and will feature stu
dent-faculty Softball, volleyball,
horseshoes, and checker games as its
salient points, the whole topped off
with a picnic supper.

During 1937 the ctiy of Toledo, 0.,
received $108,342 from parking me
ters, or approximately 35 cents
from every meter every day.
Dedication of the new Intramural
Sports Field will take place con
currently with the Student-Faculty
Picnic Friday afternoon, April 22,
it was decided Tuesday at \&>ekly
Axe Society meeting. The* Intra
mural Field will be used as a site
for the shirt-sleeve affair instead of
the Highway Polo Field, as pre
viously planned.
Chairman Dick Riddel! stated last
night, that plans are materializing
smoothly for the picnic, which will
be held from 3:30 to 7 o'clock in
the evening, and will feature stu
dent-faculty Softball, volleyball,
horseshoes, and checker games as its
salient points, the whole topped off
with a picnic supper.

During 1937 the ctiy of Toledo, 0.,
received $108,342 from parking me
ters, or approximately 35 cents
from every meter every day.
Dedication of the new Intramural
Sports Field will take place con
currently with the Student-Faculty
Picnic Friday afternoon, April 22,
it was decided Tuesday at \&>ekly
Axe Society meeting. The* Intra
mural Field will be used as a site
for the shirt-sleeve affair instead of
the Highway Polo Field, as pre
viously planned.
Chairman Dick Riddel! stated last
night, that plans are materializing
smoothly for the picnic, which will
be held from 3:30 to 7 o'clock in
the evening, and will feature stu
dent-faculty Softball, volleyball,
horseshoes, and checker games as its
salient points, the whole topped off
with a picnic supper.

During 1937 the ctiy of Toledo, 0.,
received $108,342 from parking me
ters, or approximately 35 cents
from every meter every day.
Dedication of the new Intramural
Sports Field will take place con
currently with the Student-Faculty
Picnic Friday afternoon, April 22,
it was decided Tuesday at \&>ekly
Axe Society meeting. The* Intra
mural Field will be used as a site
for the shirt-sleeve affair instead of
the Highway Polo Field, as pre
viously planned.
Chairman Dick Riddel! stated last
night, that plans are materializing
smoothly for the picnic, which will
be held from 3:30 to 7 o'clock in
the evening, and will feature stu
dent-faculty Softball, volleyball,
horseshoes, and checker games as its
salient points, the whole topped off
with a picnic supper.

During 1937 the ctiy of Toledo, 0.,
received $108,342 from parking me
ters, or approximately 35 cents
from every meter every day.
Dedication of the new Intramural
Sports Field will take place con
currently with the Student-Faculty
Picnic Friday afternoon, April 22,
it was decided Tuesday at \&>ekly
Axe Society meeting. The* Intra
mural Field will be used as a site
for the shirt-sleeve affair instead of
the Highway Polo Field, as pre
viously planned.
Chairman Dick Riddel! stated last
night, that plans are materializing
smoothly for the picnic, which will
be held from 3:30 to 7 o'clock in
the evening, and will feature stu
dent-faculty Softball, volleyball,
horseshoes, and checker games as its
salient points, the whole topped off
with a picnic supper.

During 1937 the ctiy of Toledo, 0.,
received $108,342 from parking me
ters, or approximately 35 cents
from every meter every day.
Dedication of the new Intramural
Sports Field will take place con
currently with the Student-Faculty
Picnic Friday afternoon, April 22,
it was decided Tuesday at \&>ekly
Axe Society meeting. The* Intra
mural Field will be used as a site
for the shirt-sleeve affair instead of
the Highway Polo Field, as pre
viously planned.
Chairman Dick Riddel! stated last
night, that plans are materializing
smoothly for the picnic, which will
be held from 3:30 to 7 o'clock in
the evening, and will feature stu
dent-faculty Softball, volleyball,
horseshoes, and checker games as its
salient points, the whole topped off
with a picnic supper.

During 1937 the ctiy of Toledo, 0.,
received $108,342 from parking me
ters, or approximately 35 cents
from every meter every day.
Dedication of the new Intramural
Sports Field will take place con
currently with the Student-Faculty
Picnic Friday afternoon, April 22,
it was decided Tuesday at \&>ekly
Axe Society meeting. The* Intra
mural Field will be used as a site
for the shirt-sleeve affair instead of
the Highway Polo Field, as pre
viously planned.
Chairman Dick Riddel! stated last
night, that plans are materializing
smoothly for the picnic, which will
be held from 3:30 to 7 o'clock in
the evening, and will feature stu
dent-faculty Softball, volleyball,
horseshoes, and checker games as its
salient points, the whole topped off
with a picnic supper.

During 1937 the ctiy of Toledo, 0.,
received $108,342 from parking me
ters, or approximately 35 cents
from every meter every day.
Dedication of the new Intramural
Sports Field will take place con
currently with the Student-Faculty
Picnic Friday afternoon, April 22,
it was decided Tuesday at \&>ekly
Axe Society meeting. The* Intra
mural Field will be used as a site
for the shirt-sleeve affair instead of
the Highway Polo Field, as pre
viously planned.
Chairman Dick Riddel! stated last
night, that plans are materializing
smoothly for the picnic, which will
be held from 3:30 to 7 o'clock in
the evening, and will feature stu
dent-faculty Softball, volleyball,
horseshoes, and checker games as its
salient points, the whole topped off
with a picnic supper.

During 1937 the ctiy of Toledo, 0.,
received $108,342 from parking me
ters, or approximately 35 cents
from every meter every day.
Dedication of the new Intramural
Sports Field will take place con
currently with the Student-Faculty
Picnic Friday afternoon, April 22,
it was decided Tuesday at \&>ekly
Axe Society meeting. The* Intra
mural Field will be used as a site
for the shirt-sleeve affair instead of
the Highway Polo Field, as pre
viously planned.
Chairman Dick Riddel! stated last
night, that plans are materializing
smoothly for the picnic, which will
be held from 3:30 to 7 o'clock in
the evening, and will feature stu
dent-faculty Softball, volleyball,
horseshoes, and checker games as its
salient points, the whole topped off
with a picnic supper.

During 1937 the ctiy of Toledo, 0.,
received $108,342 from parking me
ters, or approximately 35 cents
from every meter every day.
Dedication of the new Intramural
Sports Field will take place con
currently with the Student-Faculty
Picnic Friday afternoon, April 22,
it was decided Tuesday at \&>ekly
Axe Society meeting. The* Intra
mural Field will be used as a site
for the shirt-sleeve affair instead of
the Highway Polo Field, as pre
viously planned.
Chairman Dick Riddel! stated last
night, that plans are materializing
smoothly for the picnic, which will
be held from 3:30 to 7 o'clock in
the evening, and will feature stu
dent-faculty Softball, volleyball,
horseshoes, and checker games as its
salient points, the whole topped off
with a picnic supper.

During 1937 the ctiy of Toledo, 0.,
received $108,342 from parking me
ters, or approximately 35 cents
from every meter every day.
Dedication of the new Intramural
Sports Field will take place con
currently with the Student-Faculty
Picnic Friday afternoon, April 22,
it was decided Tuesday at \&>ekly
Axe Society meeting. The* Intra
mural Field will be used as a site
for the shirt-sleeve affair instead of
the Highway Polo Field, as pre
viously planned.
Chairman Dick Riddel! stated last
night, that plans are materializing
smoothly for the picnic, which will
be held from 3:30 to 7 o'clock in
the evening, and will feature stu
dent-faculty Softball, volleyball,
horseshoes, and checker games as its
salient points, the whole topped off
with a picnic supper.

During 1937 the ctiy of Toledo, 0.,
received $108,342 from parking me
ters, or approximately 35 cents
from every meter every day.
