# THETA AFFILIATION
## 
### 
Pan-Hellenic announces the affili
ation of Jeanette Hunt, '38, to Kappa
Alpha Theta.
Pan-Hellenic announces the affili
ation of Jeanette Hunt, '38, to Kappa
Alpha Theta.
Pan-Hellenic announces the affili
ation of Jeanette Hunt, '38, to Kappa
Alpha Theta.
Pan-Hellenic announces the affili
ation of Jeanette Hunt, '38, to Kappa
Alpha Theta.
Pan-Hellenic announces the affili
ation of Jeanette Hunt, '38, to Kappa
Alpha Theta.
Pan-Hellenic announces the affili
ation of Jeanette Hunt, '38, to Kappa
Alpha Theta.
Pan-Hellenic announces the affili
ation of Jeanette Hunt, '38, to Kappa
Alpha Theta.
Pan-Hellenic announces the affili
ation of Jeanette Hunt, '38, to Kappa
Alpha Theta.
Pan-Hellenic announces the affili
ation of Jeanette Hunt, '38, to Kappa
Alpha Theta.
Pan-Hellenic announces the affili
ation of Jeanette Hunt, '38, to Kappa
Alpha Theta.
Pan-Hellenic announces the affili
ation of Jeanette Hunt, '38, to Kappa
Alpha Theta.
Pan-Hellenic announces the affili
ation of Jeanette Hunt, '38, to Kappa
Alpha Theta.
Pan-Hellenic announces the affili
ation of Jeanette Hunt, '38, to Kappa
Alpha Theta.
Pan-Hellenic announces the affili
ation of Jeanette Hunt, '38, to Kappa
Alpha Theta.
Pan-Hellenic announces the affili
ation of Jeanette Hunt, '38, to Kappa
Alpha Theta.
