# Foreign Students Tour U.C. Sunday
## 
### 
Final preparations for the foreign
students' trip to the University of
California International House next
Sunday were made by International
Committee at a regular weekly
meeting Tuesday at the Alpha Phi
house.
Twenty-five persons, representing
a cross-section of Farm foreign
students, are planning to attend. In
the afternoon they will be shown
through the International House at
Berkeley, and after being enter
tained at a banquet in the evening
they will hold a forum discussion
and will talk on the share-croppers
in the south.
Final preparations for the foreign
students' trip to the University of
California International House next
Sunday were made by International
Committee at a regular weekly
meeting Tuesday at the Alpha Phi
house.
Twenty-five persons, representing
a cross-section of Farm foreign
students, are planning to attend. In
the afternoon they will be shown
through the International House at
Berkeley, and after being enter
tained at a banquet in the evening
they will hold a forum discussion
and will talk on the share-croppers
in the south.
Final preparations for the foreign
students' trip to the University of
California International House next
Sunday were made by International
Committee at a regular weekly
meeting Tuesday at the Alpha Phi
house.
Twenty-five persons, representing
a cross-section of Farm foreign
students, are planning to attend. In
the afternoon they will be shown
through the International House at
Berkeley, and after being enter
tained at a banquet in the evening
they will hold a forum discussion
and will talk on the share-croppers
in the south.
Final preparations for the foreign
students' trip to the University of
California International House next
Sunday were made by International
Committee at a regular weekly
meeting Tuesday at the Alpha Phi
house.
Twenty-five persons, representing
a cross-section of Farm foreign
students, are planning to attend. In
the afternoon they will be shown
through the International House at
Berkeley, and after being enter
tained at a banquet in the evening
they will hold a forum discussion
and will talk on the share-croppers
in the south.
Final preparations for the foreign
students' trip to the University of
California International House next
Sunday were made by International
Committee at a regular weekly
meeting Tuesday at the Alpha Phi
house.
Twenty-five persons, representing
a cross-section of Farm foreign
students, are planning to attend. In
the afternoon they will be shown
through the International House at
Berkeley, and after being enter
tained at a banquet in the evening
they will hold a forum discussion
and will talk on the share-croppers
in the south.
Final preparations for the foreign
students' trip to the University of
California International House next
Sunday were made by International
Committee at a regular weekly
meeting Tuesday at the Alpha Phi
house.
Twenty-five persons, representing
a cross-section of Farm foreign
students, are planning to attend. In
the afternoon they will be shown
through the International House at
Berkeley, and after being enter
tained at a banquet in the evening
they will hold a forum discussion
and will talk on the share-croppers
in the south.
Final preparations for the foreign
students' trip to the University of
California International House next
Sunday were made by International
Committee at a regular weekly
meeting Tuesday at the Alpha Phi
house.
Twenty-five persons, representing
a cross-section of Farm foreign
students, are planning to attend. In
the afternoon they will be shown
through the International House at
Berkeley, and after being enter
tained at a banquet in the evening
they will hold a forum discussion
and will talk on the share-croppers
in the south.
Final preparations for the foreign
students' trip to the University of
California International House next
Sunday were made by International
Committee at a regular weekly
meeting Tuesday at the Alpha Phi
house.
Twenty-five persons, representing
a cross-section of Farm foreign
students, are planning to attend. In
the afternoon they will be shown
through the International House at
Berkeley, and after being enter
tained at a banquet in the evening
they will hold a forum discussion
and will talk on the share-croppers
in the south.
Final preparations for the foreign
students' trip to the University of
California International House next
Sunday were made by International
Committee at a regular weekly
meeting Tuesday at the Alpha Phi
house.
Twenty-five persons, representing
a cross-section of Farm foreign
students, are planning to attend. In
the afternoon they will be shown
through the International House at
Berkeley, and after being enter
tained at a banquet in the evening
they will hold a forum discussion
and will talk on the share-croppers
in the south.
Final preparations for the foreign
students' trip to the University of
California International House next
Sunday were made by International
Committee at a regular weekly
meeting Tuesday at the Alpha Phi
house.
Twenty-five persons, representing
a cross-section of Farm foreign
students, are planning to attend. In
the afternoon they will be shown
through the International House at
Berkeley, and after being enter
tained at a banquet in the evening
they will hold a forum discussion
and will talk on the share-croppers
in the south.
Final preparations for the foreign
students' trip to the University of
California International House next
Sunday were made by International
Committee at a regular weekly
meeting Tuesday at the Alpha Phi
house.
Twenty-five persons, representing
a cross-section of Farm foreign
students, are planning to attend. In
the afternoon they will be shown
through the International House at
Berkeley, and after being enter
tained at a banquet in the evening
they will hold a forum discussion
and will talk on the share-croppers
in the south.
Final preparations for the foreign
students' trip to the University of
California International House next
Sunday were made by International
Committee at a regular weekly
meeting Tuesday at the Alpha Phi
house.
Twenty-five persons, representing
a cross-section of Farm foreign
students, are planning to attend. In
the afternoon they will be shown
through the International House at
Berkeley, and after being enter
tained at a banquet in the evening
they will hold a forum discussion
and will talk on the share-croppers
in the south.
Final preparations for the foreign
students' trip to the University of
California International House next
Sunday were made by International
Committee at a regular weekly
meeting Tuesday at the Alpha Phi
house.
Twenty-five persons, representing
a cross-section of Farm foreign
students, are planning to attend. In
the afternoon they will be shown
through the International House at
Berkeley, and after being enter
tained at a banquet in the evening
they will hold a forum discussion
and will talk on the share-croppers
in the south.
Final preparations for the foreign
students' trip to the University of
California International House next
Sunday were made by International
Committee at a regular weekly
meeting Tuesday at the Alpha Phi
house.
Twenty-five persons, representing
a cross-section of Farm foreign
students, are planning to attend. In
the afternoon they will be shown
through the International House at
Berkeley, and after being enter
tained at a banquet in the evening
they will hold a forum discussion
and will talk on the share-croppers
in the south.
Final preparations for the foreign
students' trip to the University of
California International House next
Sunday were made by International
Committee at a regular weekly
meeting Tuesday at the Alpha Phi
house.
Twenty-five persons, representing
a cross-section of Farm foreign
students, are planning to attend. In
the afternoon they will be shown
through the International House at
Berkeley, and after being enter
tained at a banquet in the evening
they will hold a forum discussion
and will talk on the share-croppers
in the south.
