# Vienna Handbills Threaten Hitler
## 
### 
VIENNA, April 7 (UP).—Threats
were made against the life of Adolf
Hitler tonight as the pre-plebscite
campaign on union of Germany and
Austria neared a climax.
As enthusiastic Nazis eagerly
awaited the arrival of Der Fuehrer
Saturday to conclude his series of
campaign speeches, handbills were
found on the outskirts of Vienna
warning that "Hitler will not return
to Berlin alive!"
Attention of storm troopers and
polce authorities turned immediately
from the comparatively minor of
fenses commited by a few reckless
opponents of the Nazis who risked
their lives to paint Fatherland Front
emblems on streets and squares, and
efforts were made to track down
distributors of the death threat.
VIENNA, April 7 (UP).—Threats
were made against the life of Adolf
Hitler tonight as the pre-plebscite
campaign on union of Germany and
Austria neared a climax.
As enthusiastic Nazis eagerly
awaited the arrival of Der Fuehrer
Saturday to conclude his series of
campaign speeches, handbills were
found on the outskirts of Vienna
warning that "Hitler will not return
to Berlin alive!"
Attention of storm troopers and
polce authorities turned immediately
from the comparatively minor of
fenses commited by a few reckless
opponents of the Nazis who risked
their lives to paint Fatherland Front
emblems on streets and squares, and
efforts were made to track down
distributors of the death threat.
VIENNA, April 7 (UP).—Threats
were made against the life of Adolf
Hitler tonight as the pre-plebscite
campaign on union of Germany and
Austria neared a climax.
As enthusiastic Nazis eagerly
awaited the arrival of Der Fuehrer
Saturday to conclude his series of
campaign speeches, handbills were
found on the outskirts of Vienna
warning that "Hitler will not return
to Berlin alive!"
Attention of storm troopers and
polce authorities turned immediately
from the comparatively minor of
fenses commited by a few reckless
opponents of the Nazis who risked
their lives to paint Fatherland Front
emblems on streets and squares, and
efforts were made to track down
distributors of the death threat.
VIENNA, April 7 (UP).—Threats
were made against the life of Adolf
Hitler tonight as the pre-plebscite
campaign on union of Germany and
Austria neared a climax.
As enthusiastic Nazis eagerly
awaited the arrival of Der Fuehrer
Saturday to conclude his series of
campaign speeches, handbills were
found on the outskirts of Vienna
warning that "Hitler will not return
to Berlin alive!"
Attention of storm troopers and
polce authorities turned immediately
from the comparatively minor of
fenses commited by a few reckless
opponents of the Nazis who risked
their lives to paint Fatherland Front
emblems on streets and squares, and
efforts were made to track down
distributors of the death threat.
VIENNA, April 7 (UP).—Threats
were made against the life of Adolf
Hitler tonight as the pre-plebscite
campaign on union of Germany and
Austria neared a climax.
As enthusiastic Nazis eagerly
awaited the arrival of Der Fuehrer
Saturday to conclude his series of
campaign speeches, handbills were
found on the outskirts of Vienna
warning that "Hitler will not return
to Berlin alive!"
Attention of storm troopers and
polce authorities turned immediately
from the comparatively minor of
fenses commited by a few reckless
opponents of the Nazis who risked
their lives to paint Fatherland Front
emblems on streets and squares, and
efforts were made to track down
distributors of the death threat.
VIENNA, April 7 (UP).—Threats
were made against the life of Adolf
Hitler tonight as the pre-plebscite
campaign on union of Germany and
Austria neared a climax.
As enthusiastic Nazis eagerly
awaited the arrival of Der Fuehrer
Saturday to conclude his series of
campaign speeches, handbills were
found on the outskirts of Vienna
warning that "Hitler will not return
to Berlin alive!"
Attention of storm troopers and
polce authorities turned immediately
from the comparatively minor of
fenses commited by a few reckless
opponents of the Nazis who risked
their lives to paint Fatherland Front
emblems on streets and squares, and
efforts were made to track down
distributors of the death threat.
VIENNA, April 7 (UP).—Threats
were made against the life of Adolf
Hitler tonight as the pre-plebscite
campaign on union of Germany and
Austria neared a climax.
As enthusiastic Nazis eagerly
awaited the arrival of Der Fuehrer
Saturday to conclude his series of
campaign speeches, handbills were
found on the outskirts of Vienna
warning that "Hitler will not return
to Berlin alive!"
Attention of storm troopers and
polce authorities turned immediately
from the comparatively minor of
fenses commited by a few reckless
opponents of the Nazis who risked
their lives to paint Fatherland Front
emblems on streets and squares, and
efforts were made to track down
distributors of the death threat.
VIENNA, April 7 (UP).—Threats
were made against the life of Adolf
Hitler tonight as the pre-plebscite
campaign on union of Germany and
Austria neared a climax.
As enthusiastic Nazis eagerly
awaited the arrival of Der Fuehrer
Saturday to conclude his series of
campaign speeches, handbills were
found on the outskirts of Vienna
warning that "Hitler will not return
to Berlin alive!"
Attention of storm troopers and
polce authorities turned immediately
from the comparatively minor of
fenses commited by a few reckless
opponents of the Nazis who risked
their lives to paint Fatherland Front
emblems on streets and squares, and
efforts were made to track down
distributors of the death threat.
VIENNA, April 7 (UP).—Threats
were made against the life of Adolf
Hitler tonight as the pre-plebscite
campaign on union of Germany and
Austria neared a climax.
As enthusiastic Nazis eagerly
awaited the arrival of Der Fuehrer
Saturday to conclude his series of
campaign speeches, handbills were
found on the outskirts of Vienna
warning that "Hitler will not return
to Berlin alive!"
Attention of storm troopers and
polce authorities turned immediately
from the comparatively minor of
fenses commited by a few reckless
opponents of the Nazis who risked
their lives to paint Fatherland Front
emblems on streets and squares, and
efforts were made to track down
distributors of the death threat.
VIENNA, April 7 (UP).—Threats
were made against the life of Adolf
Hitler tonight as the pre-plebscite
campaign on union of Germany and
Austria neared a climax.
As enthusiastic Nazis eagerly
awaited the arrival of Der Fuehrer
Saturday to conclude his series of
campaign speeches, handbills were
found on the outskirts of Vienna
warning that "Hitler will not return
to Berlin alive!"
Attention of storm troopers and
polce authorities turned immediately
from the comparatively minor of
fenses commited by a few reckless
opponents of the Nazis who risked
their lives to paint Fatherland Front
emblems on streets and squares, and
efforts were made to track down
distributors of the death threat.
VIENNA, April 7 (UP).—Threats
were made against the life of Adolf
Hitler tonight as the pre-plebscite
campaign on union of Germany and
Austria neared a climax.
As enthusiastic Nazis eagerly
awaited the arrival of Der Fuehrer
Saturday to conclude his series of
campaign speeches, handbills were
found on the outskirts of Vienna
warning that "Hitler will not return
to Berlin alive!"
Attention of storm troopers and
polce authorities turned immediately
from the comparatively minor of
fenses commited by a few reckless
opponents of the Nazis who risked
their lives to paint Fatherland Front
emblems on streets and squares, and
efforts were made to track down
distributors of the death threat.
VIENNA, April 7 (UP).—Threats
were made against the life of Adolf
Hitler tonight as the pre-plebscite
campaign on union of Germany and
Austria neared a climax.
As enthusiastic Nazis eagerly
awaited the arrival of Der Fuehrer
Saturday to conclude his series of
campaign speeches, handbills were
found on the outskirts of Vienna
warning that "Hitler will not return
to Berlin alive!"
Attention of storm troopers and
polce authorities turned immediately
from the comparatively minor of
fenses commited by a few reckless
opponents of the Nazis who risked
their lives to paint Fatherland Front
emblems on streets and squares, and
efforts were made to track down
distributors of the death threat.
VIENNA, April 7 (UP).—Threats
were made against the life of Adolf
Hitler tonight as the pre-plebscite
campaign on union of Germany and
Austria neared a climax.
As enthusiastic Nazis eagerly
awaited the arrival of Der Fuehrer
Saturday to conclude his series of
campaign speeches, handbills were
found on the outskirts of Vienna
warning that "Hitler will not return
to Berlin alive!"
Attention of storm troopers and
polce authorities turned immediately
from the comparatively minor of
fenses commited by a few reckless
opponents of the Nazis who risked
their lives to paint Fatherland Front
emblems on streets and squares, and
efforts were made to track down
distributors of the death threat.
VIENNA, April 7 (UP).—Threats
were made against the life of Adolf
Hitler tonight as the pre-plebscite
campaign on union of Germany and
Austria neared a climax.
As enthusiastic Nazis eagerly
awaited the arrival of Der Fuehrer
Saturday to conclude his series of
campaign speeches, handbills were
found on the outskirts of Vienna
warning that "Hitler will not return
to Berlin alive!"
Attention of storm troopers and
polce authorities turned immediately
from the comparatively minor of
fenses commited by a few reckless
opponents of the Nazis who risked
their lives to paint Fatherland Front
emblems on streets and squares, and
efforts were made to track down
distributors of the death threat.
VIENNA, April 7 (UP).—Threats
were made against the life of Adolf
Hitler tonight as the pre-plebscite
campaign on union of Germany and
Austria neared a climax.
As enthusiastic Nazis eagerly
awaited the arrival of Der Fuehrer
Saturday to conclude his series of
campaign speeches, handbills were
found on the outskirts of Vienna
warning that "Hitler will not return
to Berlin alive!"
Attention of storm troopers and
polce authorities turned immediately
from the comparatively minor of
fenses commited by a few reckless
opponents of the Nazis who risked
their lives to paint Fatherland Front
emblems on streets and squares, and
efforts were made to track down
distributors of the death threat.
