# Directors Watch Tryouts Farm Talent Works Out
## 
### PARKER KIMBALL 
Neckties askew, hair rumpled,
coat-tials flying, and great quanti
ties of cigarettes being nervously
consumed, J. P. Calm and his staff
of'tryoutee judges examined scores
of candidates yesterday in the
Women's Old Gym for places in the
mammoth cast of "Is Europe?"
However, this extra large task
could not be accomplished properly
in one day, two days, or even three
days; and so this afternoon from 4
to 6 o'clock another set of hope
fuls will tread the impromptu stage
in the gymnasium.
Many a staid, conservative Stan
fordite has suddenly blossomed out
with a new and hitherto unsuspected
accent in really clever interpreta
tions of some of Europe's big-wigs.
Nevertheless, more potential Ital

ians, Russians, Germans, English,
and Japanese are cordially invited
to respond. "New talent," empha
sized the director, "is more than
welcome!" This statement is in line
with Stager's new policy of uncov
ering new faces and ability for
Farm audiences.
Choice meat for aspiring Farm
acotrs will be the role of leading
mna which is as yet unfilled. Nu
merous bit parts are open, offering
unlimited experience and recogni
tion for the player, not to mention
larger parts which, according to
Stager policy may fall as easily into
the hands of a beginner as those of
an experienced trouper.
Songwriters must submit all songs
Monday at 2:30 o'clock in person
at the Women's Clubhouse.

Babe Ruth, one-time Yankee out
fielder, earned $600 with Baltimore
in 1914, and in 1930 and 1931 was
paid $80,000 each year by the New
York Americans.
Neckties askew, hair rumpled,
coat-tials flying, and great quanti
ties of cigarettes being nervously
consumed, J. P. Calm and his staff
of'tryoutee judges examined scores
of candidates yesterday in the
Women's Old Gym for places in the
mammoth cast of "Is Europe?"
However, this extra large task
could not be accomplished properly
in one day, two days, or even three
days; and so this afternoon from 4
to 6 o'clock another set of hope
fuls will tread the impromptu stage
in the gymnasium.
Many a staid, conservative Stan
fordite has suddenly blossomed out
with a new and hitherto unsuspected
accent in really clever interpreta
tions of some of Europe's big-wigs.
Nevertheless, more potential Ital

ians, Russians, Germans, English,
and Japanese are cordially invited
to respond. "New talent," empha
sized the director, "is more than
welcome!" This statement is in line
with Stager's new policy of uncov
ering new faces and ability for
Farm audiences.
Choice meat for aspiring Farm
acotrs will be the role of leading
mna which is as yet unfilled. Nu
merous bit parts are open, offering
unlimited experience and recogni
tion for the player, not to mention
larger parts which, according to
Stager policy may fall as easily into
the hands of a beginner as those of
an experienced trouper.
Songwriters must submit all songs
Monday at 2:30 o'clock in person
at the Women's Clubhouse.

Babe Ruth, one-time Yankee out
fielder, earned $600 with Baltimore
in 1914, and in 1930 and 1931 was
paid $80,000 each year by the New
York Americans.
Neckties askew, hair rumpled,
coat-tials flying, and great quanti
ties of cigarettes being nervously
consumed, J. P. Calm and his staff
of'tryoutee judges examined scores
of candidates yesterday in the
Women's Old Gym for places in the
mammoth cast of "Is Europe?"
However, this extra large task
could not be accomplished properly
in one day, two days, or even three
days; and so this afternoon from 4
to 6 o'clock another set of hope
fuls will tread the impromptu stage
in the gymnasium.
Many a staid, conservative Stan
fordite has suddenly blossomed out
with a new and hitherto unsuspected
accent in really clever interpreta
tions of some of Europe's big-wigs.
Nevertheless, more potential Ital

ians, Russians, Germans, English,
and Japanese are cordially invited
to respond. "New talent," empha
sized the director, "is more than
welcome!" This statement is in line
with Stager's new policy of uncov
ering new faces and ability for
Farm audiences.
Choice meat for aspiring Farm
acotrs will be the role of leading
mna which is as yet unfilled. Nu
merous bit parts are open, offering
unlimited experience and recogni
tion for the player, not to mention
larger parts which, according to
Stager policy may fall as easily into
the hands of a beginner as those of
an experienced trouper.
Songwriters must submit all songs
Monday at 2:30 o'clock in person
at the Women's Clubhouse.

Babe Ruth, one-time Yankee out
fielder, earned $600 with Baltimore
in 1914, and in 1930 and 1931 was
paid $80,000 each year by the New
York Americans.
Neckties askew, hair rumpled,
coat-tials flying, and great quanti
ties of cigarettes being nervously
consumed, J. P. Calm and his staff
of'tryoutee judges examined scores
of candidates yesterday in the
Women's Old Gym for places in the
mammoth cast of "Is Europe?"
However, this extra large task
could not be accomplished properly
in one day, two days, or even three
days; and so this afternoon from 4
to 6 o'clock another set of hope
fuls will tread the impromptu stage
in the gymnasium.
Many a staid, conservative Stan
fordite has suddenly blossomed out
with a new and hitherto unsuspected
accent in really clever interpreta
tions of some of Europe's big-wigs.
Nevertheless, more potential Ital

ians, Russians, Germans, English,
and Japanese are cordially invited
to respond. "New talent," empha
sized the director, "is more than
welcome!" This statement is in line
with Stager's new policy of uncov
ering new faces and ability for
Farm audiences.
Choice meat for aspiring Farm
acotrs will be the role of leading
mna which is as yet unfilled. Nu
merous bit parts are open, offering
unlimited experience and recogni
tion for the player, not to mention
larger parts which, according to
Stager policy may fall as easily into
the hands of a beginner as those of
an experienced trouper.
Songwriters must submit all songs
Monday at 2:30 o'clock in person
at the Women's Clubhouse.

Babe Ruth, one-time Yankee out
fielder, earned $600 with Baltimore
in 1914, and in 1930 and 1931 was
paid $80,000 each year by the New
York Americans.
Neckties askew, hair rumpled,
coat-tials flying, and great quanti
ties of cigarettes being nervously
consumed, J. P. Calm and his staff
of'tryoutee judges examined scores
of candidates yesterday in the
Women's Old Gym for places in the
mammoth cast of "Is Europe?"
However, this extra large task
could not be accomplished properly
in one day, two days, or even three
days; and so this afternoon from 4
to 6 o'clock another set of hope
fuls will tread the impromptu stage
in the gymnasium.
Many a staid, conservative Stan
fordite has suddenly blossomed out
with a new and hitherto unsuspected
accent in really clever interpreta
tions of some of Europe's big-wigs.
Nevertheless, more potential Ital

ians, Russians, Germans, English,
and Japanese are cordially invited
to respond. "New talent," empha
sized the director, "is more than
welcome!" This statement is in line
with Stager's new policy of uncov
ering new faces and ability for
Farm audiences.
Choice meat for aspiring Farm
acotrs will be the role of leading
mna which is as yet unfilled. Nu
merous bit parts are open, offering
unlimited experience and recogni
tion for the player, not to mention
larger parts which, according to
Stager policy may fall as easily into
the hands of a beginner as those of
an experienced trouper.
Songwriters must submit all songs
Monday at 2:30 o'clock in person
at the Women's Clubhouse.

Babe Ruth, one-time Yankee out
fielder, earned $600 with Baltimore
in 1914, and in 1930 and 1931 was
paid $80,000 each year by the New
York Americans.
Neckties askew, hair rumpled,
coat-tials flying, and great quanti
ties of cigarettes being nervously
consumed, J. P. Calm and his staff
of'tryoutee judges examined scores
of candidates yesterday in the
Women's Old Gym for places in the
mammoth cast of "Is Europe?"
However, this extra large task
could not be accomplished properly
in one day, two days, or even three
days; and so this afternoon from 4
to 6 o'clock another set of hope
fuls will tread the impromptu stage
in the gymnasium.
Many a staid, conservative Stan
fordite has suddenly blossomed out
with a new and hitherto unsuspected
accent in really clever interpreta
tions of some of Europe's big-wigs.
Nevertheless, more potential Ital

ians, Russians, Germans, English,
and Japanese are cordially invited
to respond. "New talent," empha
sized the director, "is more than
welcome!" This statement is in line
with Stager's new policy of uncov
ering new faces and ability for
Farm audiences.
Choice meat for aspiring Farm
acotrs will be the role of leading
mna which is as yet unfilled. Nu
merous bit parts are open, offering
unlimited experience and recogni
tion for the player, not to mention
larger parts which, according to
Stager policy may fall as easily into
the hands of a beginner as those of
an experienced trouper.
Songwriters must submit all songs
Monday at 2:30 o'clock in person
at the Women's Clubhouse.

Babe Ruth, one-time Yankee out
fielder, earned $600 with Baltimore
in 1914, and in 1930 and 1931 was
paid $80,000 each year by the New
York Americans.
Neckties askew, hair rumpled,
coat-tials flying, and great quanti
ties of cigarettes being nervously
consumed, J. P. Calm and his staff
of'tryoutee judges examined scores
of candidates yesterday in the
Women's Old Gym for places in the
mammoth cast of "Is Europe?"
However, this extra large task
could not be accomplished properly
in one day, two days, or even three
days; and so this afternoon from 4
to 6 o'clock another set of hope
fuls will tread the impromptu stage
in the gymnasium.
Many a staid, conservative Stan
fordite has suddenly blossomed out
with a new and hitherto unsuspected
accent in really clever interpreta
tions of some of Europe's big-wigs.
Nevertheless, more potential Ital

ians, Russians, Germans, English,
and Japanese are cordially invited
to respond. "New talent," empha
sized the director, "is more than
welcome!" This statement is in line
with Stager's new policy of uncov
ering new faces and ability for
Farm audiences.
Choice meat for aspiring Farm
acotrs will be the role of leading
mna which is as yet unfilled. Nu
merous bit parts are open, offering
unlimited experience and recogni
tion for the player, not to mention
larger parts which, according to
Stager policy may fall as easily into
the hands of a beginner as those of
an experienced trouper.
Songwriters must submit all songs
Monday at 2:30 o'clock in person
at the Women's Clubhouse.

Babe Ruth, one-time Yankee out
fielder, earned $600 with Baltimore
in 1914, and in 1930 and 1931 was
paid $80,000 each year by the New
York Americans.
Neckties askew, hair rumpled,
coat-tials flying, and great quanti
ties of cigarettes being nervously
consumed, J. P. Calm and his staff
of'tryoutee judges examined scores
of candidates yesterday in the
Women's Old Gym for places in the
mammoth cast of "Is Europe?"
However, this extra large task
could not be accomplished properly
in one day, two days, or even three
days; and so this afternoon from 4
to 6 o'clock another set of hope
fuls will tread the impromptu stage
in the gymnasium.
Many a staid, conservative Stan
fordite has suddenly blossomed out
with a new and hitherto unsuspected
accent in really clever interpreta
tions of some of Europe's big-wigs.
Nevertheless, more potential Ital

ians, Russians, Germans, English,
and Japanese are cordially invited
to respond. "New talent," empha
sized the director, "is more than
welcome!" This statement is in line
with Stager's new policy of uncov
ering new faces and ability for
Farm audiences.
Choice meat for aspiring Farm
acotrs will be the role of leading
mna which is as yet unfilled. Nu
merous bit parts are open, offering
unlimited experience and recogni
tion for the player, not to mention
larger parts which, according to
Stager policy may fall as easily into
the hands of a beginner as those of
an experienced trouper.
Songwriters must submit all songs
Monday at 2:30 o'clock in person
at the Women's Clubhouse.

Babe Ruth, one-time Yankee out
fielder, earned $600 with Baltimore
in 1914, and in 1930 and 1931 was
paid $80,000 each year by the New
York Americans.
Neckties askew, hair rumpled,
coat-tials flying, and great quanti
ties of cigarettes being nervously
consumed, J. P. Calm and his staff
of'tryoutee judges examined scores
of candidates yesterday in the
Women's Old Gym for places in the
mammoth cast of "Is Europe?"
However, this extra large task
could not be accomplished properly
in one day, two days, or even three
days; and so this afternoon from 4
to 6 o'clock another set of hope
fuls will tread the impromptu stage
in the gymnasium.
Many a staid, conservative Stan
fordite has suddenly blossomed out
with a new and hitherto unsuspected
accent in really clever interpreta
tions of some of Europe's big-wigs.
Nevertheless, more potential Ital

ians, Russians, Germans, English,
and Japanese are cordially invited
to respond. "New talent," empha
sized the director, "is more than
welcome!" This statement is in line
with Stager's new policy of uncov
ering new faces and ability for
Farm audiences.
Choice meat for aspiring Farm
acotrs will be the role of leading
mna which is as yet unfilled. Nu
merous bit parts are open, offering
unlimited experience and recogni
tion for the player, not to mention
larger parts which, according to
Stager policy may fall as easily into
the hands of a beginner as those of
an experienced trouper.
Songwriters must submit all songs
Monday at 2:30 o'clock in person
at the Women's Clubhouse.

Babe Ruth, one-time Yankee out
fielder, earned $600 with Baltimore
in 1914, and in 1930 and 1931 was
paid $80,000 each year by the New
York Americans.
Neckties askew, hair rumpled,
coat-tials flying, and great quanti
ties of cigarettes being nervously
consumed, J. P. Calm and his staff
of'tryoutee judges examined scores
of candidates yesterday in the
Women's Old Gym for places in the
mammoth cast of "Is Europe?"
However, this extra large task
could not be accomplished properly
in one day, two days, or even three
days; and so this afternoon from 4
to 6 o'clock another set of hope
fuls will tread the impromptu stage
in the gymnasium.
Many a staid, conservative Stan
fordite has suddenly blossomed out
with a new and hitherto unsuspected
accent in really clever interpreta
tions of some of Europe's big-wigs.
Nevertheless, more potential Ital

ians, Russians, Germans, English,
and Japanese are cordially invited
to respond. "New talent," empha
sized the director, "is more than
welcome!" This statement is in line
with Stager's new policy of uncov
ering new faces and ability for
Farm audiences.
Choice meat for aspiring Farm
acotrs will be the role of leading
mna which is as yet unfilled. Nu
merous bit parts are open, offering
unlimited experience and recogni
tion for the player, not to mention
larger parts which, according to
Stager policy may fall as easily into
the hands of a beginner as those of
an experienced trouper.
Songwriters must submit all songs
Monday at 2:30 o'clock in person
at the Women's Clubhouse.

Babe Ruth, one-time Yankee out
fielder, earned $600 with Baltimore
in 1914, and in 1930 and 1931 was
paid $80,000 each year by the New
York Americans.
Neckties askew, hair rumpled,
coat-tials flying, and great quanti
ties of cigarettes being nervously
consumed, J. P. Calm and his staff
of'tryoutee judges examined scores
of candidates yesterday in the
Women's Old Gym for places in the
mammoth cast of "Is Europe?"
However, this extra large task
could not be accomplished properly
in one day, two days, or even three
days; and so this afternoon from 4
to 6 o'clock another set of hope
fuls will tread the impromptu stage
in the gymnasium.
Many a staid, conservative Stan
fordite has suddenly blossomed out
with a new and hitherto unsuspected
accent in really clever interpreta
tions of some of Europe's big-wigs.
Nevertheless, more potential Ital

ians, Russians, Germans, English,
and Japanese are cordially invited
to respond. "New talent," empha
sized the director, "is more than
welcome!" This statement is in line
with Stager's new policy of uncov
ering new faces and ability for
Farm audiences.
Choice meat for aspiring Farm
acotrs will be the role of leading
mna which is as yet unfilled. Nu
merous bit parts are open, offering
unlimited experience and recogni
tion for the player, not to mention
larger parts which, according to
Stager policy may fall as easily into
the hands of a beginner as those of
an experienced trouper.
Songwriters must submit all songs
Monday at 2:30 o'clock in person
at the Women's Clubhouse.

Babe Ruth, one-time Yankee out
fielder, earned $600 with Baltimore
in 1914, and in 1930 and 1931 was
paid $80,000 each year by the New
York Americans.
Neckties askew, hair rumpled,
coat-tials flying, and great quanti
ties of cigarettes being nervously
consumed, J. P. Calm and his staff
of'tryoutee judges examined scores
of candidates yesterday in the
Women's Old Gym for places in the
mammoth cast of "Is Europe?"
However, this extra large task
could not be accomplished properly
in one day, two days, or even three
days; and so this afternoon from 4
to 6 o'clock another set of hope
fuls will tread the impromptu stage
in the gymnasium.
Many a staid, conservative Stan
fordite has suddenly blossomed out
with a new and hitherto unsuspected
accent in really clever interpreta
tions of some of Europe's big-wigs.
Nevertheless, more potential Ital

ians, Russians, Germans, English,
and Japanese are cordially invited
to respond. "New talent," empha
sized the director, "is more than
welcome!" This statement is in line
with Stager's new policy of uncov
ering new faces and ability for
Farm audiences.
Choice meat for aspiring Farm
acotrs will be the role of leading
mna which is as yet unfilled. Nu
merous bit parts are open, offering
unlimited experience and recogni
tion for the player, not to mention
larger parts which, according to
Stager policy may fall as easily into
the hands of a beginner as those of
an experienced trouper.
Songwriters must submit all songs
Monday at 2:30 o'clock in person
at the Women's Clubhouse.

Babe Ruth, one-time Yankee out
fielder, earned $600 with Baltimore
in 1914, and in 1930 and 1931 was
paid $80,000 each year by the New
York Americans.
Neckties askew, hair rumpled,
coat-tials flying, and great quanti
ties of cigarettes being nervously
consumed, J. P. Calm and his staff
of'tryoutee judges examined scores
of candidates yesterday in the
Women's Old Gym for places in the
mammoth cast of "Is Europe?"
However, this extra large task
could not be accomplished properly
in one day, two days, or even three
days; and so this afternoon from 4
to 6 o'clock another set of hope
fuls will tread the impromptu stage
in the gymnasium.
Many a staid, conservative Stan
fordite has suddenly blossomed out
with a new and hitherto unsuspected
accent in really clever interpreta
tions of some of Europe's big-wigs.
Nevertheless, more potential Ital

ians, Russians, Germans, English,
and Japanese are cordially invited
to respond. "New talent," empha
sized the director, "is more than
welcome!" This statement is in line
with Stager's new policy of uncov
ering new faces and ability for
Farm audiences.
Choice meat for aspiring Farm
acotrs will be the role of leading
mna which is as yet unfilled. Nu
merous bit parts are open, offering
unlimited experience and recogni
tion for the player, not to mention
larger parts which, according to
Stager policy may fall as easily into
the hands of a beginner as those of
an experienced trouper.
Songwriters must submit all songs
Monday at 2:30 o'clock in person
at the Women's Clubhouse.

Babe Ruth, one-time Yankee out
fielder, earned $600 with Baltimore
in 1914, and in 1930 and 1931 was
paid $80,000 each year by the New
York Americans.
Neckties askew, hair rumpled,
coat-tials flying, and great quanti
ties of cigarettes being nervously
consumed, J. P. Calm and his staff
of'tryoutee judges examined scores
of candidates yesterday in the
Women's Old Gym for places in the
mammoth cast of "Is Europe?"
However, this extra large task
could not be accomplished properly
in one day, two days, or even three
days; and so this afternoon from 4
to 6 o'clock another set of hope
fuls will tread the impromptu stage
in the gymnasium.
Many a staid, conservative Stan
fordite has suddenly blossomed out
with a new and hitherto unsuspected
accent in really clever interpreta
tions of some of Europe's big-wigs.
Nevertheless, more potential Ital

ians, Russians, Germans, English,
and Japanese are cordially invited
to respond. "New talent," empha
sized the director, "is more than
welcome!" This statement is in line
with Stager's new policy of uncov
ering new faces and ability for
Farm audiences.
Choice meat for aspiring Farm
acotrs will be the role of leading
mna which is as yet unfilled. Nu
merous bit parts are open, offering
unlimited experience and recogni
tion for the player, not to mention
larger parts which, according to
Stager policy may fall as easily into
the hands of a beginner as those of
an experienced trouper.
Songwriters must submit all songs
Monday at 2:30 o'clock in person
at the Women's Clubhouse.

Babe Ruth, one-time Yankee out
fielder, earned $600 with Baltimore
in 1914, and in 1930 and 1931 was
paid $80,000 each year by the New
York Americans.
Neckties askew, hair rumpled,
coat-tials flying, and great quanti
ties of cigarettes being nervously
consumed, J. P. Calm and his staff
of'tryoutee judges examined scores
of candidates yesterday in the
Women's Old Gym for places in the
mammoth cast of "Is Europe?"
However, this extra large task
could not be accomplished properly
in one day, two days, or even three
days; and so this afternoon from 4
to 6 o'clock another set of hope
fuls will tread the impromptu stage
in the gymnasium.
Many a staid, conservative Stan
fordite has suddenly blossomed out
with a new and hitherto unsuspected
accent in really clever interpreta
tions of some of Europe's big-wigs.
Nevertheless, more potential Ital

ians, Russians, Germans, English,
and Japanese are cordially invited
to respond. "New talent," empha
sized the director, "is more than
welcome!" This statement is in line
with Stager's new policy of uncov
ering new faces and ability for
Farm audiences.
Choice meat for aspiring Farm
acotrs will be the role of leading
mna which is as yet unfilled. Nu
merous bit parts are open, offering
unlimited experience and recogni
tion for the player, not to mention
larger parts which, according to
Stager policy may fall as easily into
the hands of a beginner as those of
an experienced trouper.
Songwriters must submit all songs
Monday at 2:30 o'clock in person
at the Women's Clubhouse.

Babe Ruth, one-time Yankee out
fielder, earned $600 with Baltimore
in 1914, and in 1930 and 1931 was
paid $80,000 each year by the New
York Americans.
