# Woman's League to Meet Saturday.
## 
### 
The next meeting of the Woman's
League will lie held on Saturday, Oc
tober 9, at 2 o'clock, in Uoble Hall,
under Â»lir? auspices of the Stanford
Chapter of the Collegiate Woman's
Suffrage League. It was planned to
hold this meeting on Saturday so that
members of the Woman's Suffrage
League of the Collegiate Alumni and
professional women will be able to
come to Stanford from San Francisco.
These representative women plan to
give an instructive and interesting
program similar to that given before
the women of the University of Cal
ifornia. About eight or nine speakers
will give short addresses on the
strongest arguments for Woman's Suf
frage in the various lines of women's
work. A reception will follow the pro
gram. but the meeting will close in
time to enable the girls to attend the
football game.
