# Pancake Batter Scores Heavily
## 
### 
Stnnford men and women are big sup
porters of the batter. There are more hot
cakes and waffles sold over in the cafe
teria between 7 and 8 o'clock in the eve
ning than any other article of food, ac
cording to observations made by the
night hashers at that food emporium. The
fight for first place between these two
specimens of the same species is pretty
hot. Just at present, hot cakes lead the
cakes-with-pleats by a scant half-dozen
orders.

The sandwich sale is rapidly growing,
and more cheese is slung between bread
than any other filler. Several ham
sandwiches are also dished out every ;
evening, but "ham and" sales are not
nearly so plentiful.
Stanford students can sleep at any !
time they wish, judging from the large j
sale of coffee. The Java mixture is far
ahead of milk as the popular evening
beverage.
Stnnford men and women are big sup
porters of the batter. There are more hot
cakes and waffles sold over in the cafe
teria between 7 and 8 o'clock in the eve
ning than any other article of food, ac
cording to observations made by the
night hashers at that food emporium. The
fight for first place between these two
specimens of the same species is pretty
hot. Just at present, hot cakes lead the
cakes-with-pleats by a scant half-dozen
orders.

The sandwich sale is rapidly growing,
and more cheese is slung between bread
than any other filler. Several ham
sandwiches are also dished out every ;
evening, but "ham and" sales are not
nearly so plentiful.
Stanford students can sleep at any !
time they wish, judging from the large j
sale of coffee. The Java mixture is far
ahead of milk as the popular evening
beverage.
Stnnford men and women are big sup
porters of the batter. There are more hot
cakes and waffles sold over in the cafe
teria between 7 and 8 o'clock in the eve
ning than any other article of food, ac
cording to observations made by the
night hashers at that food emporium. The
fight for first place between these two
specimens of the same species is pretty
hot. Just at present, hot cakes lead the
cakes-with-pleats by a scant half-dozen
orders.

The sandwich sale is rapidly growing,
and more cheese is slung between bread
than any other filler. Several ham
sandwiches are also dished out every ;
evening, but "ham and" sales are not
nearly so plentiful.
Stanford students can sleep at any !
time they wish, judging from the large j
sale of coffee. The Java mixture is far
ahead of milk as the popular evening
beverage.
Stnnford men and women are big sup
porters of the batter. There are more hot
cakes and waffles sold over in the cafe
teria between 7 and 8 o'clock in the eve
ning than any other article of food, ac
cording to observations made by the
night hashers at that food emporium. The
fight for first place between these two
specimens of the same species is pretty
hot. Just at present, hot cakes lead the
cakes-with-pleats by a scant half-dozen
orders.

The sandwich sale is rapidly growing,
and more cheese is slung between bread
than any other filler. Several ham
sandwiches are also dished out every ;
evening, but "ham and" sales are not
nearly so plentiful.
Stanford students can sleep at any !
time they wish, judging from the large j
sale of coffee. The Java mixture is far
ahead of milk as the popular evening
beverage.
Stnnford men and women are big sup
porters of the batter. There are more hot
cakes and waffles sold over in the cafe
teria between 7 and 8 o'clock in the eve
ning than any other article of food, ac
cording to observations made by the
night hashers at that food emporium. The
fight for first place between these two
specimens of the same species is pretty
hot. Just at present, hot cakes lead the
cakes-with-pleats by a scant half-dozen
orders.

The sandwich sale is rapidly growing,
and more cheese is slung between bread
than any other filler. Several ham
sandwiches are also dished out every ;
evening, but "ham and" sales are not
nearly so plentiful.
Stanford students can sleep at any !
time they wish, judging from the large j
sale of coffee. The Java mixture is far
ahead of milk as the popular evening
beverage.
Stnnford men and women are big sup
porters of the batter. There are more hot
cakes and waffles sold over in the cafe
teria between 7 and 8 o'clock in the eve
ning than any other article of food, ac
cording to observations made by the
night hashers at that food emporium. The
fight for first place between these two
specimens of the same species is pretty
hot. Just at present, hot cakes lead the
cakes-with-pleats by a scant half-dozen
orders.

The sandwich sale is rapidly growing,
and more cheese is slung between bread
than any other filler. Several ham
sandwiches are also dished out every ;
evening, but "ham and" sales are not
nearly so plentiful.
Stanford students can sleep at any !
time they wish, judging from the large j
sale of coffee. The Java mixture is far
ahead of milk as the popular evening
beverage.
Stnnford men and women are big sup
porters of the batter. There are more hot
cakes and waffles sold over in the cafe
teria between 7 and 8 o'clock in the eve
ning than any other article of food, ac
cording to observations made by the
night hashers at that food emporium. The
fight for first place between these two
specimens of the same species is pretty
hot. Just at present, hot cakes lead the
cakes-with-pleats by a scant half-dozen
orders.

The sandwich sale is rapidly growing,
and more cheese is slung between bread
than any other filler. Several ham
sandwiches are also dished out every ;
evening, but "ham and" sales are not
nearly so plentiful.
Stanford students can sleep at any !
time they wish, judging from the large j
sale of coffee. The Java mixture is far
ahead of milk as the popular evening
beverage.
Stnnford men and women are big sup
porters of the batter. There are more hot
cakes and waffles sold over in the cafe
teria between 7 and 8 o'clock in the eve
ning than any other article of food, ac
cording to observations made by the
night hashers at that food emporium. The
fight for first place between these two
specimens of the same species is pretty
hot. Just at present, hot cakes lead the
cakes-with-pleats by a scant half-dozen
orders.

The sandwich sale is rapidly growing,
and more cheese is slung between bread
than any other filler. Several ham
sandwiches are also dished out every ;
evening, but "ham and" sales are not
nearly so plentiful.
Stanford students can sleep at any !
time they wish, judging from the large j
sale of coffee. The Java mixture is far
ahead of milk as the popular evening
beverage.
Stnnford men and women are big sup
porters of the batter. There are more hot
cakes and waffles sold over in the cafe
teria between 7 and 8 o'clock in the eve
ning than any other article of food, ac
cording to observations made by the
night hashers at that food emporium. The
fight for first place between these two
specimens of the same species is pretty
hot. Just at present, hot cakes lead the
cakes-with-pleats by a scant half-dozen
orders.

The sandwich sale is rapidly growing,
and more cheese is slung between bread
than any other filler. Several ham
sandwiches are also dished out every ;
evening, but "ham and" sales are not
nearly so plentiful.
Stanford students can sleep at any !
time they wish, judging from the large j
sale of coffee. The Java mixture is far
ahead of milk as the popular evening
beverage.
Stnnford men and women are big sup
porters of the batter. There are more hot
cakes and waffles sold over in the cafe
teria between 7 and 8 o'clock in the eve
ning than any other article of food, ac
cording to observations made by the
night hashers at that food emporium. The
fight for first place between these two
specimens of the same species is pretty
hot. Just at present, hot cakes lead the
cakes-with-pleats by a scant half-dozen
orders.

The sandwich sale is rapidly growing,
and more cheese is slung between bread
than any other filler. Several ham
sandwiches are also dished out every ;
evening, but "ham and" sales are not
nearly so plentiful.
Stanford students can sleep at any !
time they wish, judging from the large j
sale of coffee. The Java mixture is far
ahead of milk as the popular evening
beverage.
Stnnford men and women are big sup
porters of the batter. There are more hot
cakes and waffles sold over in the cafe
teria between 7 and 8 o'clock in the eve
ning than any other article of food, ac
cording to observations made by the
night hashers at that food emporium. The
fight for first place between these two
specimens of the same species is pretty
hot. Just at present, hot cakes lead the
cakes-with-pleats by a scant half-dozen
orders.

The sandwich sale is rapidly growing,
and more cheese is slung between bread
than any other filler. Several ham
sandwiches are also dished out every ;
evening, but "ham and" sales are not
nearly so plentiful.
Stanford students can sleep at any !
time they wish, judging from the large j
sale of coffee. The Java mixture is far
ahead of milk as the popular evening
beverage.
Stnnford men and women are big sup
porters of the batter. There are more hot
cakes and waffles sold over in the cafe
teria between 7 and 8 o'clock in the eve
ning than any other article of food, ac
cording to observations made by the
night hashers at that food emporium. The
fight for first place between these two
specimens of the same species is pretty
hot. Just at present, hot cakes lead the
cakes-with-pleats by a scant half-dozen
orders.

The sandwich sale is rapidly growing,
and more cheese is slung between bread
than any other filler. Several ham
sandwiches are also dished out every ;
evening, but "ham and" sales are not
nearly so plentiful.
Stanford students can sleep at any !
time they wish, judging from the large j
sale of coffee. The Java mixture is far
ahead of milk as the popular evening
beverage.
Stnnford men and women are big sup
porters of the batter. There are more hot
cakes and waffles sold over in the cafe
teria between 7 and 8 o'clock in the eve
ning than any other article of food, ac
cording to observations made by the
night hashers at that food emporium. The
fight for first place between these two
specimens of the same species is pretty
hot. Just at present, hot cakes lead the
cakes-with-pleats by a scant half-dozen
orders.

The sandwich sale is rapidly growing,
and more cheese is slung between bread
than any other filler. Several ham
sandwiches are also dished out every ;
evening, but "ham and" sales are not
nearly so plentiful.
Stanford students can sleep at any !
time they wish, judging from the large j
sale of coffee. The Java mixture is far
ahead of milk as the popular evening
beverage.
Stnnford men and women are big sup
porters of the batter. There are more hot
cakes and waffles sold over in the cafe
teria between 7 and 8 o'clock in the eve
ning than any other article of food, ac
cording to observations made by the
night hashers at that food emporium. The
fight for first place between these two
specimens of the same species is pretty
hot. Just at present, hot cakes lead the
cakes-with-pleats by a scant half-dozen
orders.

The sandwich sale is rapidly growing,
and more cheese is slung between bread
than any other filler. Several ham
sandwiches are also dished out every ;
evening, but "ham and" sales are not
nearly so plentiful.
Stanford students can sleep at any !
time they wish, judging from the large j
sale of coffee. The Java mixture is far
ahead of milk as the popular evening
beverage.
Stnnford men and women are big sup
porters of the batter. There are more hot
cakes and waffles sold over in the cafe
teria between 7 and 8 o'clock in the eve
ning than any other article of food, ac
cording to observations made by the
night hashers at that food emporium. The
fight for first place between these two
specimens of the same species is pretty
hot. Just at present, hot cakes lead the
cakes-with-pleats by a scant half-dozen
orders.

The sandwich sale is rapidly growing,
and more cheese is slung between bread
than any other filler. Several ham
sandwiches are also dished out every ;
evening, but "ham and" sales are not
nearly so plentiful.
Stanford students can sleep at any !
time they wish, judging from the large j
sale of coffee. The Java mixture is far
ahead of milk as the popular evening
beverage.
