# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Stanford regrets that President
Eliot of Harvard will be unable
to make bis contemplated trip to
tbe Coast, but hopes to have the
honor of entertaining him at some
time in the future.
Stanford regrets that President
Eliot of Harvard will be unable
to make bis contemplated trip to
tbe Coast, but hopes to have the
honor of entertaining him at some
time in the future.
Stanford regrets that President
Eliot of Harvard will be unable
to make bis contemplated trip to
tbe Coast, but hopes to have the
honor of entertaining him at some
time in the future.
Stanford regrets that President
Eliot of Harvard will be unable
to make bis contemplated trip to
tbe Coast, but hopes to have the
honor of entertaining him at some
time in the future.
Stanford regrets that President
Eliot of Harvard will be unable
to make bis contemplated trip to
tbe Coast, but hopes to have the
honor of entertaining him at some
time in the future.
Stanford regrets that President
Eliot of Harvard will be unable
to make bis contemplated trip to
tbe Coast, but hopes to have the
honor of entertaining him at some
time in the future.
Stanford regrets that President
Eliot of Harvard will be unable
to make bis contemplated trip to
tbe Coast, but hopes to have the
honor of entertaining him at some
time in the future.
