# Meet at Stanford.
## 
### 
The annual convention of Theta
Province of Phi Delta Theta will be
held at Stanford Friday and Sat
urday. This province includes the
chapters at Stanford, Berkeley, and
Washington.
The annual convention of Theta
Province of Phi Delta Theta will be
held at Stanford Friday and Sat
urday. This province includes the
chapters at Stanford, Berkeley, and
Washington.
The annual convention of Theta
Province of Phi Delta Theta will be
held at Stanford Friday and Sat
urday. This province includes the
chapters at Stanford, Berkeley, and
Washington.
The annual convention of Theta
Province of Phi Delta Theta will be
held at Stanford Friday and Sat
urday. This province includes the
chapters at Stanford, Berkeley, and
Washington.
The annual convention of Theta
Province of Phi Delta Theta will be
held at Stanford Friday and Sat
urday. This province includes the
chapters at Stanford, Berkeley, and
Washington.
The annual convention of Theta
Province of Phi Delta Theta will be
held at Stanford Friday and Sat
urday. This province includes the
chapters at Stanford, Berkeley, and
Washington.
The annual convention of Theta
Province of Phi Delta Theta will be
held at Stanford Friday and Sat
urday. This province includes the
chapters at Stanford, Berkeley, and
Washington.
