# Big Game fever spreads to Spain
## 
### 
There is no cure for Big
Game fever. Even these
students who are overseas
in Salamanca, Spain this
year have it. As Michael
Marks, far left, writes:
"We industrious oversea
ers have taken it upon
ourselves to at least lift
the spirits of Cardinal
fans." These expatriated
fans urge a Stanford
victory from the front of a
large Spanish cathedral.
Big Game activities will
continue this week on the
home front as the school
prepares for the annual
match-up Saturday
afternoon at Stanford
Stadium.

