# Preview
## 
### 
Wednesday

News

Four Stanford students are traveling to Gene
va, Switzerland, to compete fora $25,0 CX)
prize next week. The students will be con
structing an educational Web site as part of
the 2001 Think Quest Internet Challenge.
Read about it in The Dail\ s Dead Week issue
next Wednesday.
Wednesday

News

Four Stanford students are traveling to Gene
va, Switzerland, to compete fora $25,0 CX)
prize next week. The students will be con
structing an educational Web site as part of
the 2001 Think Quest Internet Challenge.
Read about it in The Dail\ s Dead Week issue
next Wednesday.
Wednesday

News

Four Stanford students are traveling to Gene
va, Switzerland, to compete fora $25,0 CX)
prize next week. The students will be con
structing an educational Web site as part of
the 2001 Think Quest Internet Challenge.
Read about it in The Dail\ s Dead Week issue
next Wednesday.
Wednesday

News

Four Stanford students are traveling to Gene
va, Switzerland, to compete fora $25,0 CX)
prize next week. The students will be con
structing an educational Web site as part of
the 2001 Think Quest Internet Challenge.
Read about it in The Dail\ s Dead Week issue
next Wednesday.
Wednesday

News

Four Stanford students are traveling to Gene
va, Switzerland, to compete fora $25,0 CX)
prize next week. The students will be con
structing an educational Web site as part of
the 2001 Think Quest Internet Challenge.
Read about it in The Dail\ s Dead Week issue
next Wednesday.
Wednesday

News

Four Stanford students are traveling to Gene
va, Switzerland, to compete fora $25,0 CX)
prize next week. The students will be con
structing an educational Web site as part of
the 2001 Think Quest Internet Challenge.
Read about it in The Dail\ s Dead Week issue
next Wednesday.
