# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Cal and Stanford tied for the con
ference basketball championship in
1921.
Cal and Stanford tied for the con
ference basketball championship in
1921.
Cal and Stanford tied for the con
ference basketball championship in
1921.
Cal and Stanford tied for the con
ference basketball championship in
1921.
Cal and Stanford tied for the con
ference basketball championship in
1921.
Cal and Stanford tied for the con
ference basketball championship in
1921.
Cal and Stanford tied for the con
ference basketball championship in
1921.
Cal and Stanford tied for the con
ference basketball championship in
1921.
Cal and Stanford tied for the con
ference basketball championship in
1921.
Cal and Stanford tied for the con
ference basketball championship in
1921.
Cal and Stanford tied for the con
ference basketball championship in
1921.
Cal and Stanford tied for the con
ference basketball championship in
1921.
Cal and Stanford tied for the con
ference basketball championship in
1921.
Cal and Stanford tied for the con
ference basketball championship in
1921.
Cal and Stanford tied for the con
ference basketball championship in
1921.
