# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Hank Luisetti of Stanford and
Wally Palmberg of Oregon State
were the only unanimous choices on
the All - Time Pacific Coast Team
chosen this year.
Hank Luisetti of Stanford and
Wally Palmberg of Oregon State
were the only unanimous choices on
the All - Time Pacific Coast Team
chosen this year.
Hank Luisetti of Stanford and
Wally Palmberg of Oregon State
were the only unanimous choices on
the All - Time Pacific Coast Team
chosen this year.
Hank Luisetti of Stanford and
Wally Palmberg of Oregon State
were the only unanimous choices on
the All - Time Pacific Coast Team
chosen this year.
Hank Luisetti of Stanford and
Wally Palmberg of Oregon State
were the only unanimous choices on
the All - Time Pacific Coast Team
chosen this year.
Hank Luisetti of Stanford and
Wally Palmberg of Oregon State
were the only unanimous choices on
the All - Time Pacific Coast Team
chosen this year.
Hank Luisetti of Stanford and
Wally Palmberg of Oregon State
were the only unanimous choices on
the All - Time Pacific Coast Team
chosen this year.
Hank Luisetti of Stanford and
Wally Palmberg of Oregon State
were the only unanimous choices on
the All - Time Pacific Coast Team
chosen this year.
Hank Luisetti of Stanford and
Wally Palmberg of Oregon State
were the only unanimous choices on
the All - Time Pacific Coast Team
chosen this year.
Hank Luisetti of Stanford and
Wally Palmberg of Oregon State
were the only unanimous choices on
the All - Time Pacific Coast Team
chosen this year.
Hank Luisetti of Stanford and
Wally Palmberg of Oregon State
were the only unanimous choices on
the All - Time Pacific Coast Team
chosen this year.
Hank Luisetti of Stanford and
Wally Palmberg of Oregon State
were the only unanimous choices on
the All - Time Pacific Coast Team
chosen this year.
Hank Luisetti of Stanford and
Wally Palmberg of Oregon State
were the only unanimous choices on
the All - Time Pacific Coast Team
chosen this year.
Hank Luisetti of Stanford and
Wally Palmberg of Oregon State
were the only unanimous choices on
the All - Time Pacific Coast Team
chosen this year.
Hank Luisetti of Stanford and
Wally Palmberg of Oregon State
were the only unanimous choices on
the All - Time Pacific Coast Team
chosen this year.
