# Adv. 4 Page 2
## 
### 
EDUCATION
I oppose federal aid to education,
because federal aid would inevi
tably mean federal control. My
experience as a former high school
teacher convinces me that schools
• and their courses of study must
be administered at local and state
levels. California's educational
leadership must not be straight'-
jacketed by any lowest common
denominator of national uniform
ity. Federal controls blight enter
prise—and nowhere more than in
education.
EDUCATION
I oppose federal aid to education,
because federal aid would inevi
tably mean federal control. My
experience as a former high school
teacher convinces me that schools
• and their courses of study must
be administered at local and state
levels. California's educational
leadership must not be straight'-
jacketed by any lowest common
denominator of national uniform
ity. Federal controls blight enter
prise—and nowhere more than in
education.
EDUCATION
I oppose federal aid to education,
because federal aid would inevi
tably mean federal control. My
experience as a former high school
teacher convinces me that schools
• and their courses of study must
be administered at local and state
levels. California's educational
leadership must not be straight'-
jacketed by any lowest common
denominator of national uniform
ity. Federal controls blight enter
prise—and nowhere more than in
education.
EDUCATION
I oppose federal aid to education,
because federal aid would inevi
tably mean federal control. My
experience as a former high school
teacher convinces me that schools
• and their courses of study must
be administered at local and state
levels. California's educational
leadership must not be straight'-
jacketed by any lowest common
denominator of national uniform
ity. Federal controls blight enter
prise—and nowhere more than in
education.
EDUCATION
I oppose federal aid to education,
because federal aid would inevi
tably mean federal control. My
experience as a former high school
teacher convinces me that schools
• and their courses of study must
be administered at local and state
levels. California's educational
leadership must not be straight'-
jacketed by any lowest common
denominator of national uniform
ity. Federal controls blight enter
prise—and nowhere more than in
education.
EDUCATION
I oppose federal aid to education,
because federal aid would inevi
tably mean federal control. My
experience as a former high school
teacher convinces me that schools
• and their courses of study must
be administered at local and state
levels. California's educational
leadership must not be straight'-
jacketed by any lowest common
denominator of national uniform
ity. Federal controls blight enter
prise—and nowhere more than in
education.
EDUCATION
I oppose federal aid to education,
because federal aid would inevi
tably mean federal control. My
experience as a former high school
teacher convinces me that schools
• and their courses of study must
be administered at local and state
levels. California's educational
leadership must not be straight'-
jacketed by any lowest common
denominator of national uniform
ity. Federal controls blight enter
prise—and nowhere more than in
education.
EDUCATION
I oppose federal aid to education,
because federal aid would inevi
tably mean federal control. My
experience as a former high school
teacher convinces me that schools
• and their courses of study must
be administered at local and state
levels. California's educational
leadership must not be straight'-
jacketed by any lowest common
denominator of national uniform
ity. Federal controls blight enter
prise—and nowhere more than in
education.
EDUCATION
I oppose federal aid to education,
because federal aid would inevi
tably mean federal control. My
experience as a former high school
teacher convinces me that schools
• and their courses of study must
be administered at local and state
levels. California's educational
leadership must not be straight'-
jacketed by any lowest common
denominator of national uniform
ity. Federal controls blight enter
prise—and nowhere more than in
education.
EDUCATION
I oppose federal aid to education,
because federal aid would inevi
tably mean federal control. My
experience as a former high school
teacher convinces me that schools
• and their courses of study must
be administered at local and state
levels. California's educational
leadership must not be straight'-
jacketed by any lowest common
denominator of national uniform
ity. Federal controls blight enter
prise—and nowhere more than in
education.
EDUCATION
I oppose federal aid to education,
because federal aid would inevi
tably mean federal control. My
experience as a former high school
teacher convinces me that schools
• and their courses of study must
be administered at local and state
levels. California's educational
leadership must not be straight'-
jacketed by any lowest common
denominator of national uniform
ity. Federal controls blight enter
prise—and nowhere more than in
education.
EDUCATION
I oppose federal aid to education,
because federal aid would inevi
tably mean federal control. My
experience as a former high school
teacher convinces me that schools
• and their courses of study must
be administered at local and state
levels. California's educational
leadership must not be straight'-
jacketed by any lowest common
denominator of national uniform
ity. Federal controls blight enter
prise—and nowhere more than in
education.
EDUCATION
I oppose federal aid to education,
because federal aid would inevi
tably mean federal control. My
experience as a former high school
teacher convinces me that schools
• and their courses of study must
be administered at local and state
levels. California's educational
leadership must not be straight'-
jacketed by any lowest common
denominator of national uniform
ity. Federal controls blight enter
prise—and nowhere more than in
education.
EDUCATION
I oppose federal aid to education,
because federal aid would inevi
tably mean federal control. My
experience as a former high school
teacher convinces me that schools
• and their courses of study must
be administered at local and state
levels. California's educational
leadership must not be straight'-
jacketed by any lowest common
denominator of national uniform
ity. Federal controls blight enter
prise—and nowhere more than in
education.
EDUCATION
I oppose federal aid to education,
because federal aid would inevi
tably mean federal control. My
experience as a former high school
teacher convinces me that schools
• and their courses of study must
be administered at local and state
levels. California's educational
leadership must not be straight'-
jacketed by any lowest common
denominator of national uniform
ity. Federal controls blight enter
prise—and nowhere more than in
education.
EDUCATION
I oppose federal aid to education,
because federal aid would inevi
tably mean federal control. My
experience as a former high school
teacher convinces me that schools
• and their courses of study must
be administered at local and state
levels. California's educational
leadership must not be straight'-
jacketed by any lowest common
denominator of national uniform
ity. Federal controls blight enter
prise—and nowhere more than in
education.
