# Summer Reg Books To Come Out June 19
## 
### 
Registration books f«»r all spring
quarter students rxperting to
continue in the summer quarter
will he ready for distribution in
Memorial Hall Thursday, June !!♦.
Students who have not already
Hied their intention to register
should notify the information
desk. Registrar's Office, Room
11J-A, as soon as possible.
Registration books f«»r all spring
quarter students rxperting to
continue in the summer quarter
will he ready for distribution in
Memorial Hall Thursday, June !!♦.
Students who have not already
Hied their intention to register
should notify the information
desk. Registrar's Office, Room
11J-A, as soon as possible.
Registration books f«»r all spring
quarter students rxperting to
continue in the summer quarter
will he ready for distribution in
Memorial Hall Thursday, June !!♦.
Students who have not already
Hied their intention to register
should notify the information
desk. Registrar's Office, Room
11J-A, as soon as possible.
Registration books f«»r all spring
quarter students rxperting to
continue in the summer quarter
will he ready for distribution in
Memorial Hall Thursday, June !!♦.
Students who have not already
Hied their intention to register
should notify the information
desk. Registrar's Office, Room
11J-A, as soon as possible.
Registration books f«»r all spring
quarter students rxperting to
continue in the summer quarter
will he ready for distribution in
Memorial Hall Thursday, June !!♦.
Students who have not already
Hied their intention to register
should notify the information
desk. Registrar's Office, Room
11J-A, as soon as possible.
Registration books f«»r all spring
quarter students rxperting to
continue in the summer quarter
will he ready for distribution in
Memorial Hall Thursday, June !!♦.
Students who have not already
Hied their intention to register
should notify the information
desk. Registrar's Office, Room
11J-A, as soon as possible.
Registration books f«»r all spring
quarter students rxperting to
continue in the summer quarter
will he ready for distribution in
Memorial Hall Thursday, June !!♦.
Students who have not already
Hied their intention to register
should notify the information
desk. Registrar's Office, Room
11J-A, as soon as possible.
Registration books f«»r all spring
quarter students rxperting to
continue in the summer quarter
will he ready for distribution in
Memorial Hall Thursday, June !!♦.
Students who have not already
Hied their intention to register
should notify the information
desk. Registrar's Office, Room
11J-A, as soon as possible.
Registration books f«»r all spring
quarter students rxperting to
continue in the summer quarter
will he ready for distribution in
Memorial Hall Thursday, June !!♦.
Students who have not already
Hied their intention to register
should notify the information
desk. Registrar's Office, Room
11J-A, as soon as possible.
Registration books f«»r all spring
quarter students rxperting to
continue in the summer quarter
will he ready for distribution in
Memorial Hall Thursday, June !!♦.
Students who have not already
Hied their intention to register
should notify the information
desk. Registrar's Office, Room
11J-A, as soon as possible.
Registration books f«»r all spring
quarter students rxperting to
continue in the summer quarter
will he ready for distribution in
Memorial Hall Thursday, June !!♦.
Students who have not already
Hied their intention to register
should notify the information
desk. Registrar's Office, Room
11J-A, as soon as possible.
Registration books f«»r all spring
quarter students rxperting to
continue in the summer quarter
will he ready for distribution in
Memorial Hall Thursday, June !!♦.
Students who have not already
Hied their intention to register
should notify the information
desk. Registrar's Office, Room
11J-A, as soon as possible.
Registration books f«»r all spring
quarter students rxperting to
continue in the summer quarter
will he ready for distribution in
Memorial Hall Thursday, June !!♦.
Students who have not already
Hied their intention to register
should notify the information
desk. Registrar's Office, Room
11J-A, as soon as possible.
Registration books f«»r all spring
quarter students rxperting to
continue in the summer quarter
will he ready for distribution in
Memorial Hall Thursday, June !!♦.
Students who have not already
Hied their intention to register
should notify the information
desk. Registrar's Office, Room
11J-A, as soon as possible.
Registration books f«»r all spring
quarter students rxperting to
continue in the summer quarter
will he ready for distribution in
Memorial Hall Thursday, June !!♦.
Students who have not already
Hied their intention to register
should notify the information
desk. Registrar's Office, Room
11J-A, as soon as possible.
Registration books f«»r all spring
quarter students rxperting to
continue in the summer quarter
will he ready for distribution in
Memorial Hall Thursday, June !!♦.
Students who have not already
Hied their intention to register
should notify the information
desk. Registrar's Office, Room
11J-A, as soon as possible.
