# Hula Girls to Sway At '55 Beach Fest
## 
### 
Janie Brabyn will lead a croup
of hula dancers at Saturday's fresh
man get-together at Seacliff Beach
The frosh weincr roast with dancing
will last from 2 p.m. until sundown.
Tickets for dinner arc 50 cents
with a class dues card and 75 with
out. They are on sale now in frosh
living groups. Off - campus and
freshmen living in fraternities may
get their tickets at the ASSU office
Only 200 dinner tickets are being
sold. Other activities are free.
Two- m a n volleyball contests,
baseball, and entertainment will be
provided. Cars will leave after
lunch on Saturday from the front ol
Encina, Branner, and Roble halls.
There will be enough transportation
for everyone, rays Fred Brandt
general chairman.
