# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Randy Person, '52, to
Clyde Taylor, Sigma Chi, '52. They
plan to be married on June 28.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Randy Person, '52, to
Clyde Taylor, Sigma Chi, '52. They
plan to be married on June 28.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Randy Person, '52, to
Clyde Taylor, Sigma Chi, '52. They
plan to be married on June 28.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Randy Person, '52, to
Clyde Taylor, Sigma Chi, '52. They
plan to be married on June 28.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Randy Person, '52, to
Clyde Taylor, Sigma Chi, '52. They
plan to be married on June 28.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Randy Person, '52, to
Clyde Taylor, Sigma Chi, '52. They
plan to be married on June 28.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Randy Person, '52, to
Clyde Taylor, Sigma Chi, '52. They
plan to be married on June 28.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Randy Person, '52, to
Clyde Taylor, Sigma Chi, '52. They
plan to be married on June 28.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Randy Person, '52, to
Clyde Taylor, Sigma Chi, '52. They
plan to be married on June 28.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Randy Person, '52, to
Clyde Taylor, Sigma Chi, '52. They
plan to be married on June 28.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Randy Person, '52, to
Clyde Taylor, Sigma Chi, '52. They
plan to be married on June 28.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Randy Person, '52, to
Clyde Taylor, Sigma Chi, '52. They
plan to be married on June 28.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Randy Person, '52, to
Clyde Taylor, Sigma Chi, '52. They
plan to be married on June 28.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Randy Person, '52, to
Clyde Taylor, Sigma Chi, '52. They
plan to be married on June 28.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Randy Person, '52, to
Clyde Taylor, Sigma Chi, '52. They
plan to be married on June 28.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Randy Person, '52, to
Clyde Taylor, Sigma Chi, '52. They
plan to be married on June 28.
