# Adv. 11 Page 4
## 
### 
WANT ADS
# <$
SEND your Saxophones and old musi
cal Instruments to us. We repair,
clean and make like new. Bolander's,
54 Kearny St., San Francisco. MlB
FOR SALE —Five Passenger Stude
baker. For particulars see Conduc
tor No. 27. Good condition.
LOST —Silver fountain pen Sunday.
Initials M.B.A. Finder please call
P. A. 1038. A27
LOST —Dunhill Pipe No. 116 on Mon
day. Drop a card to Courtney Bene
dict, Base Hospital. Reward. A27
LOST —Bicycle left in field near Theta
Chi House, Saturday, April 21. Own
ership mark of "Smith on Circle" on
bar. Call P. A. 1121. Reward. A27
LOST —Small brown notebook con
taining law notes; important only to
owner. Velva Darling, 160 Roble
Hall. A26
LOST —Purse, dark brown, containing
a ten dollar bill and small change.
Reward. C. Victor Smith, 207 New
Union. A27
STUDENT can make good money
selling my line of goods to ladies.
239 Hamilton Ave. M 2
