# BELOW THE CRUST
## 
### 
An English critic, viewing American colleges in a
rather pessimistic fashion, has remarked that "In Ameri
ca there are three sexes: Men, Women, and College
Professors." In making this statement, the' critic was
permitting himself to be misled by a few erratic exam
ples. To be true, there are oddities and freaks among
every class of people and the college professors have
their share. It should be remembered that the intellec
tual genius is naturally different in many respects from
the ordinary man—it is often the difference that makes
the genius.
But, underneath the usual crust of dignity and reserve,
the average college professor is about as human as the
plumber or the iceman. At heart, he is not such an
intellectual iceberg or hard-hearted task-master as, at
times he may appear to be. The most delightful and
pleasant part of education may be had where the stu
dent is able to come in contact with the human and
intimate side of the professor and where the professor
and where the professor will encourage such associa
tions. Away from the classroom barrier, many students
would be surprised to discover the professor is a real
man for a' that and a' that. —Daily Texan.
An English critic, viewing American colleges in a
rather pessimistic fashion, has remarked that "In Ameri
ca there are three sexes: Men, Women, and College
Professors." In making this statement, the' critic was
permitting himself to be misled by a few erratic exam
ples. To be true, there are oddities and freaks among
every class of people and the college professors have
their share. It should be remembered that the intellec
tual genius is naturally different in many respects from
the ordinary man—it is often the difference that makes
the genius.
But, underneath the usual crust of dignity and reserve,
the average college professor is about as human as the
plumber or the iceman. At heart, he is not such an
intellectual iceberg or hard-hearted task-master as, at
times he may appear to be. The most delightful and
pleasant part of education may be had where the stu
dent is able to come in contact with the human and
intimate side of the professor and where the professor
and where the professor will encourage such associa
tions. Away from the classroom barrier, many students
would be surprised to discover the professor is a real
man for a' that and a' that. —Daily Texan.
An English critic, viewing American colleges in a
rather pessimistic fashion, has remarked that "In Ameri
ca there are three sexes: Men, Women, and College
Professors." In making this statement, the' critic was
permitting himself to be misled by a few erratic exam
ples. To be true, there are oddities and freaks among
every class of people and the college professors have
their share. It should be remembered that the intellec
tual genius is naturally different in many respects from
the ordinary man—it is often the difference that makes
the genius.
But, underneath the usual crust of dignity and reserve,
the average college professor is about as human as the
plumber or the iceman. At heart, he is not such an
intellectual iceberg or hard-hearted task-master as, at
times he may appear to be. The most delightful and
pleasant part of education may be had where the stu
dent is able to come in contact with the human and
intimate side of the professor and where the professor
and where the professor will encourage such associa
tions. Away from the classroom barrier, many students
would be surprised to discover the professor is a real
man for a' that and a' that. —Daily Texan.
An English critic, viewing American colleges in a
rather pessimistic fashion, has remarked that "In Ameri
ca there are three sexes: Men, Women, and College
Professors." In making this statement, the' critic was
permitting himself to be misled by a few erratic exam
ples. To be true, there are oddities and freaks among
every class of people and the college professors have
their share. It should be remembered that the intellec
tual genius is naturally different in many respects from
the ordinary man—it is often the difference that makes
the genius.
But, underneath the usual crust of dignity and reserve,
the average college professor is about as human as the
plumber or the iceman. At heart, he is not such an
intellectual iceberg or hard-hearted task-master as, at
times he may appear to be. The most delightful and
pleasant part of education may be had where the stu
dent is able to come in contact with the human and
intimate side of the professor and where the professor
and where the professor will encourage such associa
tions. Away from the classroom barrier, many students
would be surprised to discover the professor is a real
man for a' that and a' that. —Daily Texan.
An English critic, viewing American colleges in a
rather pessimistic fashion, has remarked that "In Ameri
ca there are three sexes: Men, Women, and College
Professors." In making this statement, the' critic was
permitting himself to be misled by a few erratic exam
ples. To be true, there are oddities and freaks among
every class of people and the college professors have
their share. It should be remembered that the intellec
tual genius is naturally different in many respects from
the ordinary man—it is often the difference that makes
the genius.
But, underneath the usual crust of dignity and reserve,
the average college professor is about as human as the
plumber or the iceman. At heart, he is not such an
intellectual iceberg or hard-hearted task-master as, at
times he may appear to be. The most delightful and
pleasant part of education may be had where the stu
dent is able to come in contact with the human and
intimate side of the professor and where the professor
and where the professor will encourage such associa
tions. Away from the classroom barrier, many students
would be surprised to discover the professor is a real
man for a' that and a' that. —Daily Texan.
An English critic, viewing American colleges in a
rather pessimistic fashion, has remarked that "In Ameri
ca there are three sexes: Men, Women, and College
Professors." In making this statement, the' critic was
permitting himself to be misled by a few erratic exam
ples. To be true, there are oddities and freaks among
every class of people and the college professors have
their share. It should be remembered that the intellec
tual genius is naturally different in many respects from
the ordinary man—it is often the difference that makes
the genius.
But, underneath the usual crust of dignity and reserve,
the average college professor is about as human as the
plumber or the iceman. At heart, he is not such an
intellectual iceberg or hard-hearted task-master as, at
times he may appear to be. The most delightful and
pleasant part of education may be had where the stu
dent is able to come in contact with the human and
intimate side of the professor and where the professor
and where the professor will encourage such associa
tions. Away from the classroom barrier, many students
would be surprised to discover the professor is a real
man for a' that and a' that. —Daily Texan.
An English critic, viewing American colleges in a
rather pessimistic fashion, has remarked that "In Ameri
ca there are three sexes: Men, Women, and College
Professors." In making this statement, the' critic was
permitting himself to be misled by a few erratic exam
ples. To be true, there are oddities and freaks among
every class of people and the college professors have
their share. It should be remembered that the intellec
tual genius is naturally different in many respects from
the ordinary man—it is often the difference that makes
the genius.
But, underneath the usual crust of dignity and reserve,
the average college professor is about as human as the
plumber or the iceman. At heart, he is not such an
intellectual iceberg or hard-hearted task-master as, at
times he may appear to be. The most delightful and
pleasant part of education may be had where the stu
dent is able to come in contact with the human and
intimate side of the professor and where the professor
and where the professor will encourage such associa
tions. Away from the classroom barrier, many students
would be surprised to discover the professor is a real
man for a' that and a' that. —Daily Texan.
An English critic, viewing American colleges in a
rather pessimistic fashion, has remarked that "In Ameri
ca there are three sexes: Men, Women, and College
Professors." In making this statement, the' critic was
permitting himself to be misled by a few erratic exam
ples. To be true, there are oddities and freaks among
every class of people and the college professors have
their share. It should be remembered that the intellec
tual genius is naturally different in many respects from
the ordinary man—it is often the difference that makes
the genius.
But, underneath the usual crust of dignity and reserve,
the average college professor is about as human as the
plumber or the iceman. At heart, he is not such an
intellectual iceberg or hard-hearted task-master as, at
times he may appear to be. The most delightful and
pleasant part of education may be had where the stu
dent is able to come in contact with the human and
intimate side of the professor and where the professor
and where the professor will encourage such associa
tions. Away from the classroom barrier, many students
would be surprised to discover the professor is a real
man for a' that and a' that. —Daily Texan.
An English critic, viewing American colleges in a
rather pessimistic fashion, has remarked that "In Ameri
ca there are three sexes: Men, Women, and College
Professors." In making this statement, the' critic was
permitting himself to be misled by a few erratic exam
ples. To be true, there are oddities and freaks among
every class of people and the college professors have
their share. It should be remembered that the intellec
tual genius is naturally different in many respects from
the ordinary man—it is often the difference that makes
the genius.
But, underneath the usual crust of dignity and reserve,
the average college professor is about as human as the
plumber or the iceman. At heart, he is not such an
intellectual iceberg or hard-hearted task-master as, at
times he may appear to be. The most delightful and
pleasant part of education may be had where the stu
dent is able to come in contact with the human and
intimate side of the professor and where the professor
and where the professor will encourage such associa
tions. Away from the classroom barrier, many students
would be surprised to discover the professor is a real
man for a' that and a' that. —Daily Texan.
An English critic, viewing American colleges in a
rather pessimistic fashion, has remarked that "In Ameri
ca there are three sexes: Men, Women, and College
Professors." In making this statement, the' critic was
permitting himself to be misled by a few erratic exam
ples. To be true, there are oddities and freaks among
every class of people and the college professors have
their share. It should be remembered that the intellec
tual genius is naturally different in many respects from
the ordinary man—it is often the difference that makes
the genius.
But, underneath the usual crust of dignity and reserve,
the average college professor is about as human as the
plumber or the iceman. At heart, he is not such an
intellectual iceberg or hard-hearted task-master as, at
times he may appear to be. The most delightful and
pleasant part of education may be had where the stu
dent is able to come in contact with the human and
intimate side of the professor and where the professor
and where the professor will encourage such associa
tions. Away from the classroom barrier, many students
would be surprised to discover the professor is a real
man for a' that and a' that. —Daily Texan.
An English critic, viewing American colleges in a
rather pessimistic fashion, has remarked that "In Ameri
ca there are three sexes: Men, Women, and College
Professors." In making this statement, the' critic was
permitting himself to be misled by a few erratic exam
ples. To be true, there are oddities and freaks among
every class of people and the college professors have
their share. It should be remembered that the intellec
tual genius is naturally different in many respects from
the ordinary man—it is often the difference that makes
the genius.
But, underneath the usual crust of dignity and reserve,
the average college professor is about as human as the
plumber or the iceman. At heart, he is not such an
intellectual iceberg or hard-hearted task-master as, at
times he may appear to be. The most delightful and
pleasant part of education may be had where the stu
dent is able to come in contact with the human and
intimate side of the professor and where the professor
and where the professor will encourage such associa
tions. Away from the classroom barrier, many students
would be surprised to discover the professor is a real
man for a' that and a' that. —Daily Texan.
An English critic, viewing American colleges in a
rather pessimistic fashion, has remarked that "In Ameri
ca there are three sexes: Men, Women, and College
Professors." In making this statement, the' critic was
permitting himself to be misled by a few erratic exam
ples. To be true, there are oddities and freaks among
every class of people and the college professors have
their share. It should be remembered that the intellec
tual genius is naturally different in many respects from
the ordinary man—it is often the difference that makes
the genius.
But, underneath the usual crust of dignity and reserve,
the average college professor is about as human as the
plumber or the iceman. At heart, he is not such an
intellectual iceberg or hard-hearted task-master as, at
times he may appear to be. The most delightful and
pleasant part of education may be had where the stu
dent is able to come in contact with the human and
intimate side of the professor and where the professor
and where the professor will encourage such associa
tions. Away from the classroom barrier, many students
would be surprised to discover the professor is a real
man for a' that and a' that. —Daily Texan.
An English critic, viewing American colleges in a
rather pessimistic fashion, has remarked that "In Ameri
ca there are three sexes: Men, Women, and College
Professors." In making this statement, the' critic was
permitting himself to be misled by a few erratic exam
ples. To be true, there are oddities and freaks among
every class of people and the college professors have
their share. It should be remembered that the intellec
tual genius is naturally different in many respects from
the ordinary man—it is often the difference that makes
the genius.
But, underneath the usual crust of dignity and reserve,
the average college professor is about as human as the
plumber or the iceman. At heart, he is not such an
intellectual iceberg or hard-hearted task-master as, at
times he may appear to be. The most delightful and
pleasant part of education may be had where the stu
dent is able to come in contact with the human and
intimate side of the professor and where the professor
and where the professor will encourage such associa
tions. Away from the classroom barrier, many students
would be surprised to discover the professor is a real
man for a' that and a' that. —Daily Texan.
An English critic, viewing American colleges in a
rather pessimistic fashion, has remarked that "In Ameri
ca there are three sexes: Men, Women, and College
Professors." In making this statement, the' critic was
permitting himself to be misled by a few erratic exam
ples. To be true, there are oddities and freaks among
every class of people and the college professors have
their share. It should be remembered that the intellec
tual genius is naturally different in many respects from
the ordinary man—it is often the difference that makes
the genius.
But, underneath the usual crust of dignity and reserve,
the average college professor is about as human as the
plumber or the iceman. At heart, he is not such an
intellectual iceberg or hard-hearted task-master as, at
times he may appear to be. The most delightful and
pleasant part of education may be had where the stu
dent is able to come in contact with the human and
intimate side of the professor and where the professor
and where the professor will encourage such associa
tions. Away from the classroom barrier, many students
would be surprised to discover the professor is a real
man for a' that and a' that. —Daily Texan.
An English critic, viewing American colleges in a
rather pessimistic fashion, has remarked that "In Ameri
ca there are three sexes: Men, Women, and College
Professors." In making this statement, the' critic was
permitting himself to be misled by a few erratic exam
ples. To be true, there are oddities and freaks among
every class of people and the college professors have
their share. It should be remembered that the intellec
tual genius is naturally different in many respects from
the ordinary man—it is often the difference that makes
the genius.
But, underneath the usual crust of dignity and reserve,
the average college professor is about as human as the
plumber or the iceman. At heart, he is not such an
intellectual iceberg or hard-hearted task-master as, at
times he may appear to be. The most delightful and
pleasant part of education may be had where the stu
dent is able to come in contact with the human and
intimate side of the professor and where the professor
and where the professor will encourage such associa
tions. Away from the classroom barrier, many students
would be surprised to discover the professor is a real
man for a' that and a' that. —Daily Texan.
