# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Cinders were first used on a track
in 1879, when the Georgia Athletic
Club took over the right-of-way of a
defunct railroad.
Cinders were first used on a track
in 1879, when the Georgia Athletic
Club took over the right-of-way of a
defunct railroad.
Cinders were first used on a track
in 1879, when the Georgia Athletic
Club took over the right-of-way of a
defunct railroad.
Cinders were first used on a track
in 1879, when the Georgia Athletic
Club took over the right-of-way of a
defunct railroad.
Cinders were first used on a track
in 1879, when the Georgia Athletic
Club took over the right-of-way of a
defunct railroad.
Cinders were first used on a track
in 1879, when the Georgia Athletic
Club took over the right-of-way of a
defunct railroad.
Cinders were first used on a track
in 1879, when the Georgia Athletic
Club took over the right-of-way of a
defunct railroad.
Cinders were first used on a track
in 1879, when the Georgia Athletic
Club took over the right-of-way of a
defunct railroad.
Cinders were first used on a track
in 1879, when the Georgia Athletic
Club took over the right-of-way of a
defunct railroad.
Cinders were first used on a track
in 1879, when the Georgia Athletic
Club took over the right-of-way of a
defunct railroad.
Cinders were first used on a track
in 1879, when the Georgia Athletic
Club took over the right-of-way of a
defunct railroad.
Cinders were first used on a track
in 1879, when the Georgia Athletic
Club took over the right-of-way of a
defunct railroad.
Cinders were first used on a track
in 1879, when the Georgia Athletic
Club took over the right-of-way of a
defunct railroad.
Cinders were first used on a track
in 1879, when the Georgia Athletic
Club took over the right-of-way of a
defunct railroad.
Cinders were first used on a track
in 1879, when the Georgia Athletic
Club took over the right-of-way of a
defunct railroad.
