# COMMITTEE WILL BE ORGANIZED TO READ AND SELECT PLAYS
## 
### 
For the purpose of securing repre
sentative ideas of students as to what
plays are most acceptable for produc
tion here, Director Richard Bentinck
will organize a committee for the pur
pose of reading, criticizing, and se
lecting plays.
The committee will read a large
number of plays and suggest several
which they agree upon as fit for pro
duction. The committee will be able
to procure plays which will be pleas
ing to a larger number of students
than is now possible, Bentinck be
lives. The final choice among the
recommended plays will rest with the
director.
This committee will be a develop
ment of a similar body formed to
choose one-act plays for the theater
workshop class last quarter. Several
members of the workshop committee
will continue on the new body, while
others will be added. There will be
seven or nine members in all.
For the purpose of securing repre
sentative ideas of students as to what
plays are most acceptable for produc
tion here, Director Richard Bentinck
will organize a committee for the pur
pose of reading, criticizing, and se
lecting plays.
The committee will read a large
number of plays and suggest several
which they agree upon as fit for pro
duction. The committee will be able
to procure plays which will be pleas
ing to a larger number of students
than is now possible, Bentinck be
lives. The final choice among the
recommended plays will rest with the
director.
This committee will be a develop
ment of a similar body formed to
choose one-act plays for the theater
workshop class last quarter. Several
members of the workshop committee
will continue on the new body, while
others will be added. There will be
seven or nine members in all.
For the purpose of securing repre
sentative ideas of students as to what
plays are most acceptable for produc
tion here, Director Richard Bentinck
will organize a committee for the pur
pose of reading, criticizing, and se
lecting plays.
The committee will read a large
number of plays and suggest several
which they agree upon as fit for pro
duction. The committee will be able
to procure plays which will be pleas
ing to a larger number of students
than is now possible, Bentinck be
lives. The final choice among the
recommended plays will rest with the
director.
This committee will be a develop
ment of a similar body formed to
choose one-act plays for the theater
workshop class last quarter. Several
members of the workshop committee
will continue on the new body, while
others will be added. There will be
seven or nine members in all.
For the purpose of securing repre
sentative ideas of students as to what
plays are most acceptable for produc
tion here, Director Richard Bentinck
will organize a committee for the pur
pose of reading, criticizing, and se
lecting plays.
The committee will read a large
number of plays and suggest several
which they agree upon as fit for pro
duction. The committee will be able
to procure plays which will be pleas
ing to a larger number of students
than is now possible, Bentinck be
lives. The final choice among the
recommended plays will rest with the
director.
This committee will be a develop
ment of a similar body formed to
choose one-act plays for the theater
workshop class last quarter. Several
members of the workshop committee
will continue on the new body, while
others will be added. There will be
seven or nine members in all.
For the purpose of securing repre
sentative ideas of students as to what
plays are most acceptable for produc
tion here, Director Richard Bentinck
will organize a committee for the pur
pose of reading, criticizing, and se
lecting plays.
The committee will read a large
number of plays and suggest several
which they agree upon as fit for pro
duction. The committee will be able
to procure plays which will be pleas
ing to a larger number of students
than is now possible, Bentinck be
lives. The final choice among the
recommended plays will rest with the
director.
This committee will be a develop
ment of a similar body formed to
choose one-act plays for the theater
workshop class last quarter. Several
members of the workshop committee
will continue on the new body, while
others will be added. There will be
seven or nine members in all.
For the purpose of securing repre
sentative ideas of students as to what
plays are most acceptable for produc
tion here, Director Richard Bentinck
will organize a committee for the pur
pose of reading, criticizing, and se
lecting plays.
The committee will read a large
number of plays and suggest several
which they agree upon as fit for pro
duction. The committee will be able
to procure plays which will be pleas
ing to a larger number of students
than is now possible, Bentinck be
lives. The final choice among the
recommended plays will rest with the
director.
This committee will be a develop
ment of a similar body formed to
choose one-act plays for the theater
workshop class last quarter. Several
members of the workshop committee
will continue on the new body, while
others will be added. There will be
seven or nine members in all.
For the purpose of securing repre
sentative ideas of students as to what
plays are most acceptable for produc
tion here, Director Richard Bentinck
will organize a committee for the pur
pose of reading, criticizing, and se
lecting plays.
The committee will read a large
number of plays and suggest several
which they agree upon as fit for pro
duction. The committee will be able
to procure plays which will be pleas
ing to a larger number of students
than is now possible, Bentinck be
lives. The final choice among the
recommended plays will rest with the
director.
This committee will be a develop
ment of a similar body formed to
choose one-act plays for the theater
workshop class last quarter. Several
members of the workshop committee
will continue on the new body, while
others will be added. There will be
seven or nine members in all.
For the purpose of securing repre
sentative ideas of students as to what
plays are most acceptable for produc
tion here, Director Richard Bentinck
will organize a committee for the pur
pose of reading, criticizing, and se
lecting plays.
The committee will read a large
number of plays and suggest several
which they agree upon as fit for pro
duction. The committee will be able
to procure plays which will be pleas
ing to a larger number of students
than is now possible, Bentinck be
lives. The final choice among the
recommended plays will rest with the
director.
This committee will be a develop
ment of a similar body formed to
choose one-act plays for the theater
workshop class last quarter. Several
members of the workshop committee
will continue on the new body, while
others will be added. There will be
seven or nine members in all.
For the purpose of securing repre
sentative ideas of students as to what
plays are most acceptable for produc
tion here, Director Richard Bentinck
will organize a committee for the pur
pose of reading, criticizing, and se
lecting plays.
The committee will read a large
number of plays and suggest several
which they agree upon as fit for pro
duction. The committee will be able
to procure plays which will be pleas
ing to a larger number of students
than is now possible, Bentinck be
lives. The final choice among the
recommended plays will rest with the
director.
This committee will be a develop
ment of a similar body formed to
choose one-act plays for the theater
workshop class last quarter. Several
members of the workshop committee
will continue on the new body, while
others will be added. There will be
seven or nine members in all.
For the purpose of securing repre
sentative ideas of students as to what
plays are most acceptable for produc
tion here, Director Richard Bentinck
will organize a committee for the pur
pose of reading, criticizing, and se
lecting plays.
The committee will read a large
number of plays and suggest several
which they agree upon as fit for pro
duction. The committee will be able
to procure plays which will be pleas
ing to a larger number of students
than is now possible, Bentinck be
lives. The final choice among the
recommended plays will rest with the
director.
This committee will be a develop
ment of a similar body formed to
choose one-act plays for the theater
workshop class last quarter. Several
members of the workshop committee
will continue on the new body, while
others will be added. There will be
seven or nine members in all.
For the purpose of securing repre
sentative ideas of students as to what
plays are most acceptable for produc
tion here, Director Richard Bentinck
will organize a committee for the pur
pose of reading, criticizing, and se
lecting plays.
The committee will read a large
number of plays and suggest several
which they agree upon as fit for pro
duction. The committee will be able
to procure plays which will be pleas
ing to a larger number of students
than is now possible, Bentinck be
lives. The final choice among the
recommended plays will rest with the
director.
This committee will be a develop
ment of a similar body formed to
choose one-act plays for the theater
workshop class last quarter. Several
members of the workshop committee
will continue on the new body, while
others will be added. There will be
seven or nine members in all.
For the purpose of securing repre
sentative ideas of students as to what
plays are most acceptable for produc
tion here, Director Richard Bentinck
will organize a committee for the pur
pose of reading, criticizing, and se
lecting plays.
The committee will read a large
number of plays and suggest several
which they agree upon as fit for pro
duction. The committee will be able
to procure plays which will be pleas
ing to a larger number of students
than is now possible, Bentinck be
lives. The final choice among the
recommended plays will rest with the
director.
This committee will be a develop
ment of a similar body formed to
choose one-act plays for the theater
workshop class last quarter. Several
members of the workshop committee
will continue on the new body, while
others will be added. There will be
seven or nine members in all.
For the purpose of securing repre
sentative ideas of students as to what
plays are most acceptable for produc
tion here, Director Richard Bentinck
will organize a committee for the pur
pose of reading, criticizing, and se
lecting plays.
The committee will read a large
number of plays and suggest several
which they agree upon as fit for pro
duction. The committee will be able
to procure plays which will be pleas
ing to a larger number of students
than is now possible, Bentinck be
lives. The final choice among the
recommended plays will rest with the
director.
This committee will be a develop
ment of a similar body formed to
choose one-act plays for the theater
workshop class last quarter. Several
members of the workshop committee
will continue on the new body, while
others will be added. There will be
seven or nine members in all.
For the purpose of securing repre
sentative ideas of students as to what
plays are most acceptable for produc
tion here, Director Richard Bentinck
will organize a committee for the pur
pose of reading, criticizing, and se
lecting plays.
The committee will read a large
number of plays and suggest several
which they agree upon as fit for pro
duction. The committee will be able
to procure plays which will be pleas
ing to a larger number of students
than is now possible, Bentinck be
lives. The final choice among the
recommended plays will rest with the
director.
This committee will be a develop
ment of a similar body formed to
choose one-act plays for the theater
workshop class last quarter. Several
members of the workshop committee
will continue on the new body, while
others will be added. There will be
seven or nine members in all.
For the purpose of securing repre
sentative ideas of students as to what
plays are most acceptable for produc
tion here, Director Richard Bentinck
will organize a committee for the pur
pose of reading, criticizing, and se
lecting plays.
The committee will read a large
number of plays and suggest several
which they agree upon as fit for pro
duction. The committee will be able
to procure plays which will be pleas
ing to a larger number of students
than is now possible, Bentinck be
lives. The final choice among the
recommended plays will rest with the
director.
This committee will be a develop
ment of a similar body formed to
choose one-act plays for the theater
workshop class last quarter. Several
members of the workshop committee
will continue on the new body, while
others will be added. There will be
seven or nine members in all.
