# Encina Basement Wins Mural Tilt
## 
### 
The Encina Basement football
team roared to a touchdown in the
last quarter to come from behind
and defeat Encina 2E 9-7, in an in
tramural game Saturday morning.
With two minutes remaining in
the fourth quarter, back Pauletch
fired a 35-yard touchdown pass to
Ken Berry who had slipped behind
the 2E defenders. Pauletch passed
again to Berry for the conversion.
Basement had garnered two points
in the second quarter, when Ray
Knowles caught 2E's Art Witheral
in the end zone for a safety.
Encina 2E led through most of the
game by dint of the long-striding
Witheral's 50-yard touchdown run
around left end in the first stanza.
The hard-charging Basement line
was also an instrumental factor in
the win.
The Encina Basement football
team roared to a touchdown in the
last quarter to come from behind
and defeat Encina 2E 9-7, in an in
tramural game Saturday morning.
With two minutes remaining in
the fourth quarter, back Pauletch
fired a 35-yard touchdown pass to
Ken Berry who had slipped behind
the 2E defenders. Pauletch passed
again to Berry for the conversion.
Basement had garnered two points
in the second quarter, when Ray
Knowles caught 2E's Art Witheral
in the end zone for a safety.
Encina 2E led through most of the
game by dint of the long-striding
Witheral's 50-yard touchdown run
around left end in the first stanza.
The hard-charging Basement line
was also an instrumental factor in
the win.
The Encina Basement football
team roared to a touchdown in the
last quarter to come from behind
and defeat Encina 2E 9-7, in an in
tramural game Saturday morning.
With two minutes remaining in
the fourth quarter, back Pauletch
fired a 35-yard touchdown pass to
Ken Berry who had slipped behind
the 2E defenders. Pauletch passed
again to Berry for the conversion.
Basement had garnered two points
in the second quarter, when Ray
Knowles caught 2E's Art Witheral
in the end zone for a safety.
Encina 2E led through most of the
game by dint of the long-striding
Witheral's 50-yard touchdown run
around left end in the first stanza.
The hard-charging Basement line
was also an instrumental factor in
the win.
The Encina Basement football
team roared to a touchdown in the
last quarter to come from behind
and defeat Encina 2E 9-7, in an in
tramural game Saturday morning.
With two minutes remaining in
the fourth quarter, back Pauletch
fired a 35-yard touchdown pass to
Ken Berry who had slipped behind
the 2E defenders. Pauletch passed
again to Berry for the conversion.
Basement had garnered two points
in the second quarter, when Ray
Knowles caught 2E's Art Witheral
in the end zone for a safety.
Encina 2E led through most of the
game by dint of the long-striding
Witheral's 50-yard touchdown run
around left end in the first stanza.
The hard-charging Basement line
was also an instrumental factor in
the win.
The Encina Basement football
team roared to a touchdown in the
last quarter to come from behind
and defeat Encina 2E 9-7, in an in
tramural game Saturday morning.
With two minutes remaining in
the fourth quarter, back Pauletch
fired a 35-yard touchdown pass to
Ken Berry who had slipped behind
the 2E defenders. Pauletch passed
again to Berry for the conversion.
Basement had garnered two points
in the second quarter, when Ray
Knowles caught 2E's Art Witheral
in the end zone for a safety.
Encina 2E led through most of the
game by dint of the long-striding
Witheral's 50-yard touchdown run
around left end in the first stanza.
The hard-charging Basement line
was also an instrumental factor in
the win.
The Encina Basement football
team roared to a touchdown in the
last quarter to come from behind
and defeat Encina 2E 9-7, in an in
tramural game Saturday morning.
With two minutes remaining in
the fourth quarter, back Pauletch
fired a 35-yard touchdown pass to
Ken Berry who had slipped behind
the 2E defenders. Pauletch passed
again to Berry for the conversion.
Basement had garnered two points
in the second quarter, when Ray
Knowles caught 2E's Art Witheral
in the end zone for a safety.
Encina 2E led through most of the
game by dint of the long-striding
Witheral's 50-yard touchdown run
around left end in the first stanza.
The hard-charging Basement line
was also an instrumental factor in
the win.
The Encina Basement football
team roared to a touchdown in the
last quarter to come from behind
and defeat Encina 2E 9-7, in an in
tramural game Saturday morning.
With two minutes remaining in
the fourth quarter, back Pauletch
fired a 35-yard touchdown pass to
Ken Berry who had slipped behind
the 2E defenders. Pauletch passed
again to Berry for the conversion.
Basement had garnered two points
in the second quarter, when Ray
Knowles caught 2E's Art Witheral
in the end zone for a safety.
Encina 2E led through most of the
game by dint of the long-striding
Witheral's 50-yard touchdown run
around left end in the first stanza.
The hard-charging Basement line
was also an instrumental factor in
the win.
The Encina Basement football
team roared to a touchdown in the
last quarter to come from behind
and defeat Encina 2E 9-7, in an in
tramural game Saturday morning.
With two minutes remaining in
the fourth quarter, back Pauletch
fired a 35-yard touchdown pass to
Ken Berry who had slipped behind
the 2E defenders. Pauletch passed
again to Berry for the conversion.
Basement had garnered two points
in the second quarter, when Ray
Knowles caught 2E's Art Witheral
in the end zone for a safety.
Encina 2E led through most of the
game by dint of the long-striding
Witheral's 50-yard touchdown run
around left end in the first stanza.
The hard-charging Basement line
was also an instrumental factor in
the win.
The Encina Basement football
team roared to a touchdown in the
last quarter to come from behind
and defeat Encina 2E 9-7, in an in
tramural game Saturday morning.
With two minutes remaining in
the fourth quarter, back Pauletch
fired a 35-yard touchdown pass to
Ken Berry who had slipped behind
the 2E defenders. Pauletch passed
again to Berry for the conversion.
Basement had garnered two points
in the second quarter, when Ray
Knowles caught 2E's Art Witheral
in the end zone for a safety.
Encina 2E led through most of the
game by dint of the long-striding
Witheral's 50-yard touchdown run
around left end in the first stanza.
The hard-charging Basement line
was also an instrumental factor in
the win.
The Encina Basement football
team roared to a touchdown in the
last quarter to come from behind
and defeat Encina 2E 9-7, in an in
tramural game Saturday morning.
With two minutes remaining in
the fourth quarter, back Pauletch
fired a 35-yard touchdown pass to
Ken Berry who had slipped behind
the 2E defenders. Pauletch passed
again to Berry for the conversion.
Basement had garnered two points
in the second quarter, when Ray
Knowles caught 2E's Art Witheral
in the end zone for a safety.
Encina 2E led through most of the
game by dint of the long-striding
Witheral's 50-yard touchdown run
around left end in the first stanza.
The hard-charging Basement line
was also an instrumental factor in
the win.
The Encina Basement football
team roared to a touchdown in the
last quarter to come from behind
and defeat Encina 2E 9-7, in an in
tramural game Saturday morning.
With two minutes remaining in
the fourth quarter, back Pauletch
fired a 35-yard touchdown pass to
Ken Berry who had slipped behind
the 2E defenders. Pauletch passed
again to Berry for the conversion.
Basement had garnered two points
in the second quarter, when Ray
Knowles caught 2E's Art Witheral
in the end zone for a safety.
Encina 2E led through most of the
game by dint of the long-striding
Witheral's 50-yard touchdown run
around left end in the first stanza.
The hard-charging Basement line
was also an instrumental factor in
the win.
The Encina Basement football
team roared to a touchdown in the
last quarter to come from behind
and defeat Encina 2E 9-7, in an in
tramural game Saturday morning.
With two minutes remaining in
the fourth quarter, back Pauletch
fired a 35-yard touchdown pass to
Ken Berry who had slipped behind
the 2E defenders. Pauletch passed
again to Berry for the conversion.
Basement had garnered two points
in the second quarter, when Ray
Knowles caught 2E's Art Witheral
in the end zone for a safety.
Encina 2E led through most of the
game by dint of the long-striding
Witheral's 50-yard touchdown run
around left end in the first stanza.
The hard-charging Basement line
was also an instrumental factor in
the win.
The Encina Basement football
team roared to a touchdown in the
last quarter to come from behind
and defeat Encina 2E 9-7, in an in
tramural game Saturday morning.
With two minutes remaining in
the fourth quarter, back Pauletch
fired a 35-yard touchdown pass to
Ken Berry who had slipped behind
the 2E defenders. Pauletch passed
again to Berry for the conversion.
Basement had garnered two points
in the second quarter, when Ray
Knowles caught 2E's Art Witheral
in the end zone for a safety.
Encina 2E led through most of the
game by dint of the long-striding
Witheral's 50-yard touchdown run
around left end in the first stanza.
The hard-charging Basement line
was also an instrumental factor in
the win.
The Encina Basement football
team roared to a touchdown in the
last quarter to come from behind
and defeat Encina 2E 9-7, in an in
tramural game Saturday morning.
With two minutes remaining in
the fourth quarter, back Pauletch
fired a 35-yard touchdown pass to
Ken Berry who had slipped behind
the 2E defenders. Pauletch passed
again to Berry for the conversion.
Basement had garnered two points
in the second quarter, when Ray
Knowles caught 2E's Art Witheral
in the end zone for a safety.
Encina 2E led through most of the
game by dint of the long-striding
Witheral's 50-yard touchdown run
around left end in the first stanza.
The hard-charging Basement line
was also an instrumental factor in
the win.
The Encina Basement football
team roared to a touchdown in the
last quarter to come from behind
and defeat Encina 2E 9-7, in an in
tramural game Saturday morning.
With two minutes remaining in
the fourth quarter, back Pauletch
fired a 35-yard touchdown pass to
Ken Berry who had slipped behind
the 2E defenders. Pauletch passed
again to Berry for the conversion.
Basement had garnered two points
in the second quarter, when Ray
Knowles caught 2E's Art Witheral
in the end zone for a safety.
Encina 2E led through most of the
game by dint of the long-striding
Witheral's 50-yard touchdown run
around left end in the first stanza.
The hard-charging Basement line
was also an instrumental factor in
the win.
The Encina Basement football
team roared to a touchdown in the
last quarter to come from behind
and defeat Encina 2E 9-7, in an in
tramural game Saturday morning.
With two minutes remaining in
the fourth quarter, back Pauletch
fired a 35-yard touchdown pass to
Ken Berry who had slipped behind
the 2E defenders. Pauletch passed
again to Berry for the conversion.
Basement had garnered two points
in the second quarter, when Ray
Knowles caught 2E's Art Witheral
in the end zone for a safety.
Encina 2E led through most of the
game by dint of the long-striding
Witheral's 50-yard touchdown run
around left end in the first stanza.
The hard-charging Basement line
was also an instrumental factor in
the win.
