# Untitled Article
## 
### 

LOWERS THE BOOM—Skip Crist (30), Card halfback, puts his head down and drives for extra
yardage just prior to being brought down by a host of Husky tacklers, including Duane Ward
low (76) and Clyde Seiler (78). Crist's efforts were in vain, however, as the Cards succumbed
to Heinrich and his trained Huskies. —Photo by Herb Smith

LOWERS THE BOOM—Skip Crist (30), Card halfback, puts his head down and drives for extra
yardage just prior to being brought down by a host of Husky tacklers, including Duane Ward
low (76) and Clyde Seiler (78). Crist's efforts were in vain, however, as the Cards succumbed
to Heinrich and his trained Huskies. —Photo by Herb Smith

LOWERS THE BOOM—Skip Crist (30), Card halfback, puts his head down and drives for extra
yardage just prior to being brought down by a host of Husky tacklers, including Duane Ward
low (76) and Clyde Seiler (78). Crist's efforts were in vain, however, as the Cards succumbed
to Heinrich and his trained Huskies. —Photo by Herb Smith

LOWERS THE BOOM—Skip Crist (30), Card halfback, puts his head down and drives for extra
yardage just prior to being brought down by a host of Husky tacklers, including Duane Ward
low (76) and Clyde Seiler (78). Crist's efforts were in vain, however, as the Cards succumbed
to Heinrich and his trained Huskies. —Photo by Herb Smith

LOWERS THE BOOM—Skip Crist (30), Card halfback, puts his head down and drives for extra
yardage just prior to being brought down by a host of Husky tacklers, including Duane Ward
low (76) and Clyde Seiler (78). Crist's efforts were in vain, however, as the Cards succumbed
to Heinrich and his trained Huskies. —Photo by Herb Smith

LOWERS THE BOOM—Skip Crist (30), Card halfback, puts his head down and drives for extra
yardage just prior to being brought down by a host of Husky tacklers, including Duane Ward
low (76) and Clyde Seiler (78). Crist's efforts were in vain, however, as the Cards succumbed
to Heinrich and his trained Huskies. —Photo by Herb Smith

LOWERS THE BOOM—Skip Crist (30), Card halfback, puts his head down and drives for extra
yardage just prior to being brought down by a host of Husky tacklers, including Duane Ward
low (76) and Clyde Seiler (78). Crist's efforts were in vain, however, as the Cards succumbed
to Heinrich and his trained Huskies. —Photo by Herb Smith

LOWERS THE BOOM—Skip Crist (30), Card halfback, puts his head down and drives for extra
yardage just prior to being brought down by a host of Husky tacklers, including Duane Ward
low (76) and Clyde Seiler (78). Crist's efforts were in vain, however, as the Cards succumbed
to Heinrich and his trained Huskies. —Photo by Herb Smith

LOWERS THE BOOM—Skip Crist (30), Card halfback, puts his head down and drives for extra
yardage just prior to being brought down by a host of Husky tacklers, including Duane Ward
low (76) and Clyde Seiler (78). Crist's efforts were in vain, however, as the Cards succumbed
to Heinrich and his trained Huskies. —Photo by Herb Smith

LOWERS THE BOOM—Skip Crist (30), Card halfback, puts his head down and drives for extra
yardage just prior to being brought down by a host of Husky tacklers, including Duane Ward
low (76) and Clyde Seiler (78). Crist's efforts were in vain, however, as the Cards succumbed
to Heinrich and his trained Huskies. —Photo by Herb Smith

LOWERS THE BOOM—Skip Crist (30), Card halfback, puts his head down and drives for extra
yardage just prior to being brought down by a host of Husky tacklers, including Duane Ward
low (76) and Clyde Seiler (78). Crist's efforts were in vain, however, as the Cards succumbed
to Heinrich and his trained Huskies. —Photo by Herb Smith

LOWERS THE BOOM—Skip Crist (30), Card halfback, puts his head down and drives for extra
yardage just prior to being brought down by a host of Husky tacklers, including Duane Ward
low (76) and Clyde Seiler (78). Crist's efforts were in vain, however, as the Cards succumbed
to Heinrich and his trained Huskies. —Photo by Herb Smith

LOWERS THE BOOM—Skip Crist (30), Card halfback, puts his head down and drives for extra
yardage just prior to being brought down by a host of Husky tacklers, including Duane Ward
low (76) and Clyde Seiler (78). Crist's efforts were in vain, however, as the Cards succumbed
to Heinrich and his trained Huskies. —Photo by Herb Smith

LOWERS THE BOOM—Skip Crist (30), Card halfback, puts his head down and drives for extra
yardage just prior to being brought down by a host of Husky tacklers, including Duane Ward
low (76) and Clyde Seiler (78). Crist's efforts were in vain, however, as the Cards succumbed
to Heinrich and his trained Huskies. —Photo by Herb Smith

LOWERS THE BOOM—Skip Crist (30), Card halfback, puts his head down and drives for extra
yardage just prior to being brought down by a host of Husky tacklers, including Duane Ward
low (76) and Clyde Seiler (78). Crist's efforts were in vain, however, as the Cards succumbed
to Heinrich and his trained Huskies. —Photo by Herb Smith

LOWERS THE BOOM—Skip Crist (30), Card halfback, puts his head down and drives for extra
yardage just prior to being brought down by a host of Husky tacklers, including Duane Ward
low (76) and Clyde Seiler (78). Crist's efforts were in vain, however, as the Cards succumbed
to Heinrich and his trained Huskies. —Photo by Herb Smith
