# Interviews Will Continue
## Chappie 
### 
Editors of the Stanford Chaparral
invite all those interested in work
ing on the staff to attend an informal
meeting at the Chappie office tomor
row night at 7:30.
Editors of the Stanford Chaparral
invite all those interested in work
ing on the staff to attend an informal
meeting at the Chappie office tomor
row night at 7:30.
Editors of the Stanford Chaparral
invite all those interested in work
ing on the staff to attend an informal
meeting at the Chappie office tomor
row night at 7:30.
Editors of the Stanford Chaparral
invite all those interested in work
ing on the staff to attend an informal
meeting at the Chappie office tomor
row night at 7:30.
Editors of the Stanford Chaparral
invite all those interested in work
ing on the staff to attend an informal
meeting at the Chappie office tomor
row night at 7:30.
Editors of the Stanford Chaparral
invite all those interested in work
ing on the staff to attend an informal
meeting at the Chappie office tomor
row night at 7:30.
Editors of the Stanford Chaparral
invite all those interested in work
ing on the staff to attend an informal
meeting at the Chappie office tomor
row night at 7:30.
Editors of the Stanford Chaparral
invite all those interested in work
ing on the staff to attend an informal
meeting at the Chappie office tomor
row night at 7:30.
Editors of the Stanford Chaparral
invite all those interested in work
ing on the staff to attend an informal
meeting at the Chappie office tomor
row night at 7:30.
Editors of the Stanford Chaparral
invite all those interested in work
ing on the staff to attend an informal
meeting at the Chappie office tomor
row night at 7:30.
Editors of the Stanford Chaparral
invite all those interested in work
ing on the staff to attend an informal
meeting at the Chappie office tomor
row night at 7:30.
Editors of the Stanford Chaparral
invite all those interested in work
ing on the staff to attend an informal
meeting at the Chappie office tomor
row night at 7:30.
Editors of the Stanford Chaparral
invite all those interested in work
ing on the staff to attend an informal
meeting at the Chappie office tomor
row night at 7:30.
Editors of the Stanford Chaparral
invite all those interested in work
ing on the staff to attend an informal
meeting at the Chappie office tomor
row night at 7:30.
Editors of the Stanford Chaparral
invite all those interested in work
ing on the staff to attend an informal
meeting at the Chappie office tomor
row night at 7:30.
