# TO HOLD CAMERA CONTEST
## 
### 
Clip and Gown will hold a photog
raphy contest next quarter, presi

•It nt Main Wapnr.r announced.
Purpose of the contest is to get pic
tures for ;i bigg'-'r and better cal
endar, slu? said.
Clip and Gown will hold a photog
raphy contest next quarter, presi

•It nt Main Wapnr.r announced.
Purpose of the contest is to get pic
tures for ;i bigg'-'r and better cal
endar, slu? said.
Clip and Gown will hold a photog
raphy contest next quarter, presi

•It nt Main Wapnr.r announced.
Purpose of the contest is to get pic
tures for ;i bigg'-'r and better cal
endar, slu? said.
Clip and Gown will hold a photog
raphy contest next quarter, presi

•It nt Main Wapnr.r announced.
Purpose of the contest is to get pic
tures for ;i bigg'-'r and better cal
endar, slu? said.
Clip and Gown will hold a photog
raphy contest next quarter, presi

•It nt Main Wapnr.r announced.
Purpose of the contest is to get pic
tures for ;i bigg'-'r and better cal
endar, slu? said.
Clip and Gown will hold a photog
raphy contest next quarter, presi

•It nt Main Wapnr.r announced.
Purpose of the contest is to get pic
tures for ;i bigg'-'r and better cal
endar, slu? said.
Clip and Gown will hold a photog
raphy contest next quarter, presi

•It nt Main Wapnr.r announced.
Purpose of the contest is to get pic
tures for ;i bigg'-'r and better cal
endar, slu? said.
Clip and Gown will hold a photog
raphy contest next quarter, presi

•It nt Main Wapnr.r announced.
Purpose of the contest is to get pic
tures for ;i bigg'-'r and better cal
endar, slu? said.
Clip and Gown will hold a photog
raphy contest next quarter, presi

•It nt Main Wapnr.r announced.
Purpose of the contest is to get pic
tures for ;i bigg'-'r and better cal
endar, slu? said.
Clip and Gown will hold a photog
raphy contest next quarter, presi

•It nt Main Wapnr.r announced.
Purpose of the contest is to get pic
tures for ;i bigg'-'r and better cal
endar, slu? said.
Clip and Gown will hold a photog
raphy contest next quarter, presi

•It nt Main Wapnr.r announced.
Purpose of the contest is to get pic
tures for ;i bigg'-'r and better cal
endar, slu? said.
Clip and Gown will hold a photog
raphy contest next quarter, presi

•It nt Main Wapnr.r announced.
Purpose of the contest is to get pic
tures for ;i bigg'-'r and better cal
endar, slu? said.
Clip and Gown will hold a photog
raphy contest next quarter, presi

•It nt Main Wapnr.r announced.
Purpose of the contest is to get pic
tures for ;i bigg'-'r and better cal
endar, slu? said.
Clip and Gown will hold a photog
raphy contest next quarter, presi

•It nt Main Wapnr.r announced.
Purpose of the contest is to get pic
tures for ;i bigg'-'r and better cal
endar, slu? said.
Clip and Gown will hold a photog
raphy contest next quarter, presi

•It nt Main Wapnr.r announced.
Purpose of the contest is to get pic
tures for ;i bigg'-'r and better cal
endar, slu? said.
