# WOMEN'S COUNCIL ELECTS
## 
### 
Women's Council officer.* were
elected Wednesday to serve spring
quarter. They are: chairman, Jean
Gait; vice-chairman. Gloria Cass
idy; secretary, Mary Ellen Rice;
clerk. Betty Callander; chairman of
scholarship and supplies, Margaret
Wade.
Women's Council officer.* were
elected Wednesday to serve spring
quarter. They are: chairman, Jean
Gait; vice-chairman. Gloria Cass
idy; secretary, Mary Ellen Rice;
clerk. Betty Callander; chairman of
scholarship and supplies, Margaret
Wade.
Women's Council officer.* were
elected Wednesday to serve spring
quarter. They are: chairman, Jean
Gait; vice-chairman. Gloria Cass
idy; secretary, Mary Ellen Rice;
clerk. Betty Callander; chairman of
scholarship and supplies, Margaret
Wade.
Women's Council officer.* were
elected Wednesday to serve spring
quarter. They are: chairman, Jean
Gait; vice-chairman. Gloria Cass
idy; secretary, Mary Ellen Rice;
clerk. Betty Callander; chairman of
scholarship and supplies, Margaret
Wade.
Women's Council officer.* were
elected Wednesday to serve spring
quarter. They are: chairman, Jean
Gait; vice-chairman. Gloria Cass
idy; secretary, Mary Ellen Rice;
clerk. Betty Callander; chairman of
scholarship and supplies, Margaret
Wade.
Women's Council officer.* were
elected Wednesday to serve spring
quarter. They are: chairman, Jean
Gait; vice-chairman. Gloria Cass
idy; secretary, Mary Ellen Rice;
clerk. Betty Callander; chairman of
scholarship and supplies, Margaret
Wade.
Women's Council officer.* were
elected Wednesday to serve spring
quarter. They are: chairman, Jean
Gait; vice-chairman. Gloria Cass
idy; secretary, Mary Ellen Rice;
clerk. Betty Callander; chairman of
scholarship and supplies, Margaret
Wade.
Women's Council officer.* were
elected Wednesday to serve spring
quarter. They are: chairman, Jean
Gait; vice-chairman. Gloria Cass
idy; secretary, Mary Ellen Rice;
clerk. Betty Callander; chairman of
scholarship and supplies, Margaret
Wade.
Women's Council officer.* were
elected Wednesday to serve spring
quarter. They are: chairman, Jean
Gait; vice-chairman. Gloria Cass
idy; secretary, Mary Ellen Rice;
clerk. Betty Callander; chairman of
scholarship and supplies, Margaret
Wade.
Women's Council officer.* were
elected Wednesday to serve spring
quarter. They are: chairman, Jean
Gait; vice-chairman. Gloria Cass
idy; secretary, Mary Ellen Rice;
clerk. Betty Callander; chairman of
scholarship and supplies, Margaret
Wade.
Women's Council officer.* were
elected Wednesday to serve spring
quarter. They are: chairman, Jean
Gait; vice-chairman. Gloria Cass
idy; secretary, Mary Ellen Rice;
clerk. Betty Callander; chairman of
scholarship and supplies, Margaret
Wade.
Women's Council officer.* were
elected Wednesday to serve spring
quarter. They are: chairman, Jean
Gait; vice-chairman. Gloria Cass
idy; secretary, Mary Ellen Rice;
clerk. Betty Callander; chairman of
scholarship and supplies, Margaret
Wade.
Women's Council officer.* were
elected Wednesday to serve spring
quarter. They are: chairman, Jean
Gait; vice-chairman. Gloria Cass
idy; secretary, Mary Ellen Rice;
clerk. Betty Callander; chairman of
scholarship and supplies, Margaret
Wade.
Women's Council officer.* were
elected Wednesday to serve spring
quarter. They are: chairman, Jean
Gait; vice-chairman. Gloria Cass
idy; secretary, Mary Ellen Rice;
clerk. Betty Callander; chairman of
scholarship and supplies, Margaret
Wade.
Women's Council officer.* were
elected Wednesday to serve spring
quarter. They are: chairman, Jean
Gait; vice-chairman. Gloria Cass
idy; secretary, Mary Ellen Rice;
clerk. Betty Callander; chairman of
scholarship and supplies, Margaret
Wade.
