# Noted Artist To Appear
## 
### 
An all - Chopin program will be
presented in Memorial Hall Monday
at 8:15 p.m. by Alfred Mirovitch,
world-famous Russian pianist. He
appears as the second guest artist
in thq current Stanford musical se
ries.

Tickets will sell at the box office
for $1 to students holding student
body cards. General admission Ls
$1.80.
Mirovitch graduated with highest
honors from St. Petersburg Conser
vatory, and has appeared on the
concert stage for 38 years.
Monday's program will include
"Waltz in A Flat." "Polonaise in E
Flat," "Ballade in G Minor," "So
nata in B Flat," "Nocturne in D
Minor," three mazurkas, four etudes
and other Chopin favorites.


AMltlii) MIKOM'K 11. Russian
pianist, who will play Monday
night in the Memorial Auditorium.
An all - Chopin program will be
presented in Memorial Hall Monday
at 8:15 p.m. by Alfred Mirovitch,
world-famous Russian pianist. He
appears as the second guest artist
in thq current Stanford musical se
ries.

Tickets will sell at the box office
for $1 to students holding student
body cards. General admission Ls
$1.80.
Mirovitch graduated with highest
honors from St. Petersburg Conser
vatory, and has appeared on the
concert stage for 38 years.
Monday's program will include
"Waltz in A Flat." "Polonaise in E
Flat," "Ballade in G Minor," "So
nata in B Flat," "Nocturne in D
Minor," three mazurkas, four etudes
and other Chopin favorites.


AMltlii) MIKOM'K 11. Russian
pianist, who will play Monday
night in the Memorial Auditorium.
An all - Chopin program will be
presented in Memorial Hall Monday
at 8:15 p.m. by Alfred Mirovitch,
world-famous Russian pianist. He
appears as the second guest artist
in thq current Stanford musical se
ries.

Tickets will sell at the box office
for $1 to students holding student
body cards. General admission Ls
$1.80.
Mirovitch graduated with highest
honors from St. Petersburg Conser
vatory, and has appeared on the
concert stage for 38 years.
Monday's program will include
"Waltz in A Flat." "Polonaise in E
Flat," "Ballade in G Minor," "So
nata in B Flat," "Nocturne in D
Minor," three mazurkas, four etudes
and other Chopin favorites.


AMltlii) MIKOM'K 11. Russian
pianist, who will play Monday
night in the Memorial Auditorium.
An all - Chopin program will be
presented in Memorial Hall Monday
at 8:15 p.m. by Alfred Mirovitch,
world-famous Russian pianist. He
appears as the second guest artist
in thq current Stanford musical se
ries.

Tickets will sell at the box office
for $1 to students holding student
body cards. General admission Ls
$1.80.
Mirovitch graduated with highest
honors from St. Petersburg Conser
vatory, and has appeared on the
concert stage for 38 years.
Monday's program will include
"Waltz in A Flat." "Polonaise in E
Flat," "Ballade in G Minor," "So
nata in B Flat," "Nocturne in D
Minor," three mazurkas, four etudes
and other Chopin favorites.


AMltlii) MIKOM'K 11. Russian
pianist, who will play Monday
night in the Memorial Auditorium.
An all - Chopin program will be
presented in Memorial Hall Monday
at 8:15 p.m. by Alfred Mirovitch,
world-famous Russian pianist. He
appears as the second guest artist
in thq current Stanford musical se
ries.

Tickets will sell at the box office
for $1 to students holding student
body cards. General admission Ls
$1.80.
Mirovitch graduated with highest
honors from St. Petersburg Conser
vatory, and has appeared on the
concert stage for 38 years.
Monday's program will include
"Waltz in A Flat." "Polonaise in E
Flat," "Ballade in G Minor," "So
nata in B Flat," "Nocturne in D
Minor," three mazurkas, four etudes
and other Chopin favorites.


AMltlii) MIKOM'K 11. Russian
pianist, who will play Monday
night in the Memorial Auditorium.
An all - Chopin program will be
presented in Memorial Hall Monday
at 8:15 p.m. by Alfred Mirovitch,
world-famous Russian pianist. He
appears as the second guest artist
in thq current Stanford musical se
ries.

Tickets will sell at the box office
for $1 to students holding student
body cards. General admission Ls
$1.80.
Mirovitch graduated with highest
honors from St. Petersburg Conser
vatory, and has appeared on the
concert stage for 38 years.
Monday's program will include
"Waltz in A Flat." "Polonaise in E
Flat," "Ballade in G Minor," "So
nata in B Flat," "Nocturne in D
Minor," three mazurkas, four etudes
and other Chopin favorites.


AMltlii) MIKOM'K 11. Russian
pianist, who will play Monday
night in the Memorial Auditorium.
An all - Chopin program will be
presented in Memorial Hall Monday
at 8:15 p.m. by Alfred Mirovitch,
world-famous Russian pianist. He
appears as the second guest artist
in thq current Stanford musical se
ries.

Tickets will sell at the box office
for $1 to students holding student
body cards. General admission Ls
$1.80.
Mirovitch graduated with highest
honors from St. Petersburg Conser
vatory, and has appeared on the
concert stage for 38 years.
Monday's program will include
"Waltz in A Flat." "Polonaise in E
Flat," "Ballade in G Minor," "So
nata in B Flat," "Nocturne in D
Minor," three mazurkas, four etudes
and other Chopin favorites.


AMltlii) MIKOM'K 11. Russian
pianist, who will play Monday
night in the Memorial Auditorium.
An all - Chopin program will be
presented in Memorial Hall Monday
at 8:15 p.m. by Alfred Mirovitch,
world-famous Russian pianist. He
appears as the second guest artist
in thq current Stanford musical se
ries.

Tickets will sell at the box office
for $1 to students holding student
body cards. General admission Ls
$1.80.
Mirovitch graduated with highest
honors from St. Petersburg Conser
vatory, and has appeared on the
concert stage for 38 years.
Monday's program will include
"Waltz in A Flat." "Polonaise in E
Flat," "Ballade in G Minor," "So
nata in B Flat," "Nocturne in D
Minor," three mazurkas, four etudes
and other Chopin favorites.


AMltlii) MIKOM'K 11. Russian
pianist, who will play Monday
night in the Memorial Auditorium.
An all - Chopin program will be
presented in Memorial Hall Monday
at 8:15 p.m. by Alfred Mirovitch,
world-famous Russian pianist. He
appears as the second guest artist
in thq current Stanford musical se
ries.

Tickets will sell at the box office
for $1 to students holding student
body cards. General admission Ls
$1.80.
Mirovitch graduated with highest
honors from St. Petersburg Conser
vatory, and has appeared on the
concert stage for 38 years.
Monday's program will include
"Waltz in A Flat." "Polonaise in E
Flat," "Ballade in G Minor," "So
nata in B Flat," "Nocturne in D
Minor," three mazurkas, four etudes
and other Chopin favorites.


AMltlii) MIKOM'K 11. Russian
pianist, who will play Monday
night in the Memorial Auditorium.
An all - Chopin program will be
presented in Memorial Hall Monday
at 8:15 p.m. by Alfred Mirovitch,
world-famous Russian pianist. He
appears as the second guest artist
in thq current Stanford musical se
ries.

Tickets will sell at the box office
for $1 to students holding student
body cards. General admission Ls
$1.80.
Mirovitch graduated with highest
honors from St. Petersburg Conser
vatory, and has appeared on the
concert stage for 38 years.
Monday's program will include
"Waltz in A Flat." "Polonaise in E
Flat," "Ballade in G Minor," "So
nata in B Flat," "Nocturne in D
Minor," three mazurkas, four etudes
and other Chopin favorites.


AMltlii) MIKOM'K 11. Russian
pianist, who will play Monday
night in the Memorial Auditorium.
An all - Chopin program will be
presented in Memorial Hall Monday
at 8:15 p.m. by Alfred Mirovitch,
world-famous Russian pianist. He
appears as the second guest artist
in thq current Stanford musical se
ries.

Tickets will sell at the box office
for $1 to students holding student
body cards. General admission Ls
$1.80.
Mirovitch graduated with highest
honors from St. Petersburg Conser
vatory, and has appeared on the
concert stage for 38 years.
Monday's program will include
"Waltz in A Flat." "Polonaise in E
Flat," "Ballade in G Minor," "So
nata in B Flat," "Nocturne in D
Minor," three mazurkas, four etudes
and other Chopin favorites.


AMltlii) MIKOM'K 11. Russian
pianist, who will play Monday
night in the Memorial Auditorium.
An all - Chopin program will be
presented in Memorial Hall Monday
at 8:15 p.m. by Alfred Mirovitch,
world-famous Russian pianist. He
appears as the second guest artist
in thq current Stanford musical se
ries.

Tickets will sell at the box office
for $1 to students holding student
body cards. General admission Ls
$1.80.
Mirovitch graduated with highest
honors from St. Petersburg Conser
vatory, and has appeared on the
concert stage for 38 years.
Monday's program will include
"Waltz in A Flat." "Polonaise in E
Flat," "Ballade in G Minor," "So
nata in B Flat," "Nocturne in D
Minor," three mazurkas, four etudes
and other Chopin favorites.


AMltlii) MIKOM'K 11. Russian
pianist, who will play Monday
night in the Memorial Auditorium.
An all - Chopin program will be
presented in Memorial Hall Monday
at 8:15 p.m. by Alfred Mirovitch,
world-famous Russian pianist. He
appears as the second guest artist
in thq current Stanford musical se
ries.

Tickets will sell at the box office
for $1 to students holding student
body cards. General admission Ls
$1.80.
Mirovitch graduated with highest
honors from St. Petersburg Conser
vatory, and has appeared on the
concert stage for 38 years.
Monday's program will include
"Waltz in A Flat." "Polonaise in E
Flat," "Ballade in G Minor," "So
nata in B Flat," "Nocturne in D
Minor," three mazurkas, four etudes
and other Chopin favorites.


AMltlii) MIKOM'K 11. Russian
pianist, who will play Monday
night in the Memorial Auditorium.
An all - Chopin program will be
presented in Memorial Hall Monday
at 8:15 p.m. by Alfred Mirovitch,
world-famous Russian pianist. He
appears as the second guest artist
in thq current Stanford musical se
ries.

Tickets will sell at the box office
for $1 to students holding student
body cards. General admission Ls
$1.80.
Mirovitch graduated with highest
honors from St. Petersburg Conser
vatory, and has appeared on the
concert stage for 38 years.
Monday's program will include
"Waltz in A Flat." "Polonaise in E
Flat," "Ballade in G Minor," "So
nata in B Flat," "Nocturne in D
Minor," three mazurkas, four etudes
and other Chopin favorites.


AMltlii) MIKOM'K 11. Russian
pianist, who will play Monday
night in the Memorial Auditorium.
An all - Chopin program will be
presented in Memorial Hall Monday
at 8:15 p.m. by Alfred Mirovitch,
world-famous Russian pianist. He
appears as the second guest artist
in thq current Stanford musical se
ries.

Tickets will sell at the box office
for $1 to students holding student
body cards. General admission Ls
$1.80.
Mirovitch graduated with highest
honors from St. Petersburg Conser
vatory, and has appeared on the
concert stage for 38 years.
Monday's program will include
"Waltz in A Flat." "Polonaise in E
Flat," "Ballade in G Minor," "So
nata in B Flat," "Nocturne in D
Minor," three mazurkas, four etudes
and other Chopin favorites.


AMltlii) MIKOM'K 11. Russian
pianist, who will play Monday
night in the Memorial Auditorium.
