# Ichihashi Will Address Faculty Women Group
## 
### 
Professor Y. Ichihashi will speak
before the Faculty Women at their
monthly meeting this afternoon ai
.3 o'clock in the Women's Club
house. His subject has not been
announced. Several Japanese chil
dren, from local schools in the vi
cinity of Stanford will sing.
Professor Y. Ichihashi will speak
before the Faculty Women at their
monthly meeting this afternoon ai
.3 o'clock in the Women's Club
house. His subject has not been
announced. Several Japanese chil
dren, from local schools in the vi
cinity of Stanford will sing.
Professor Y. Ichihashi will speak
before the Faculty Women at their
monthly meeting this afternoon ai
.3 o'clock in the Women's Club
house. His subject has not been
announced. Several Japanese chil
dren, from local schools in the vi
cinity of Stanford will sing.
Professor Y. Ichihashi will speak
before the Faculty Women at their
monthly meeting this afternoon ai
.3 o'clock in the Women's Club
house. His subject has not been
announced. Several Japanese chil
dren, from local schools in the vi
cinity of Stanford will sing.
Professor Y. Ichihashi will speak
before the Faculty Women at their
monthly meeting this afternoon ai
.3 o'clock in the Women's Club
house. His subject has not been
announced. Several Japanese chil
dren, from local schools in the vi
cinity of Stanford will sing.
Professor Y. Ichihashi will speak
before the Faculty Women at their
monthly meeting this afternoon ai
.3 o'clock in the Women's Club
house. His subject has not been
announced. Several Japanese chil
dren, from local schools in the vi
cinity of Stanford will sing.
Professor Y. Ichihashi will speak
before the Faculty Women at their
monthly meeting this afternoon ai
.3 o'clock in the Women's Club
house. His subject has not been
announced. Several Japanese chil
dren, from local schools in the vi
cinity of Stanford will sing.
Professor Y. Ichihashi will speak
before the Faculty Women at their
monthly meeting this afternoon ai
.3 o'clock in the Women's Club
house. His subject has not been
announced. Several Japanese chil
dren, from local schools in the vi
cinity of Stanford will sing.
Professor Y. Ichihashi will speak
before the Faculty Women at their
monthly meeting this afternoon ai
.3 o'clock in the Women's Club
house. His subject has not been
announced. Several Japanese chil
dren, from local schools in the vi
cinity of Stanford will sing.
Professor Y. Ichihashi will speak
before the Faculty Women at their
monthly meeting this afternoon ai
.3 o'clock in the Women's Club
house. His subject has not been
announced. Several Japanese chil
dren, from local schools in the vi
cinity of Stanford will sing.
Professor Y. Ichihashi will speak
before the Faculty Women at their
monthly meeting this afternoon ai
.3 o'clock in the Women's Club
house. His subject has not been
announced. Several Japanese chil
dren, from local schools in the vi
cinity of Stanford will sing.
Professor Y. Ichihashi will speak
before the Faculty Women at their
monthly meeting this afternoon ai
.3 o'clock in the Women's Club
house. His subject has not been
announced. Several Japanese chil
dren, from local schools in the vi
cinity of Stanford will sing.
Professor Y. Ichihashi will speak
before the Faculty Women at their
monthly meeting this afternoon ai
.3 o'clock in the Women's Club
house. His subject has not been
announced. Several Japanese chil
dren, from local schools in the vi
cinity of Stanford will sing.
Professor Y. Ichihashi will speak
before the Faculty Women at their
monthly meeting this afternoon ai
.3 o'clock in the Women's Club
house. His subject has not been
announced. Several Japanese chil
dren, from local schools in the vi
cinity of Stanford will sing.
Professor Y. Ichihashi will speak
before the Faculty Women at their
monthly meeting this afternoon ai
.3 o'clock in the Women's Club
house. His subject has not been
announced. Several Japanese chil
dren, from local schools in the vi
cinity of Stanford will sing.
Professor Y. Ichihashi will speak
before the Faculty Women at their
monthly meeting this afternoon ai
.3 o'clock in the Women's Club
house. His subject has not been
announced. Several Japanese chil
dren, from local schools in the vi
cinity of Stanford will sing.
