# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Students at Michigan pay one
dollar for their directories.
Students at Michigan pay one
dollar for their directories.
Students at Michigan pay one
dollar for their directories.
Students at Michigan pay one
dollar for their directories.
Students at Michigan pay one
dollar for their directories.
Students at Michigan pay one
dollar for their directories.
Students at Michigan pay one
dollar for their directories.
Students at Michigan pay one
dollar for their directories.
Students at Michigan pay one
dollar for their directories.
Students at Michigan pay one
dollar for their directories.
Students at Michigan pay one
dollar for their directories.
Students at Michigan pay one
dollar for their directories.
Students at Michigan pay one
dollar for their directories.
Students at Michigan pay one
dollar for their directories.
Students at Michigan pay one
dollar for their directories.
Students at Michigan pay one
dollar for their directories.
