# Adv. 8 Page 4
## 
### 
We want your opinions. Please bring
your letters to The Daily today.
Type and include your name, tele
phone number and Stanford affilia
tion, if any.
We want your opinions. Please bring
your letters to The Daily today.
Type and include your name, tele
phone number and Stanford affilia
tion, if any.
We want your opinions. Please bring
your letters to The Daily today.
Type and include your name, tele
phone number and Stanford affilia
tion, if any.
We want your opinions. Please bring
your letters to The Daily today.
Type and include your name, tele
phone number and Stanford affilia
tion, if any.
We want your opinions. Please bring
your letters to The Daily today.
Type and include your name, tele
phone number and Stanford affilia
tion, if any.
We want your opinions. Please bring
your letters to The Daily today.
Type and include your name, tele
phone number and Stanford affilia
tion, if any.
We want your opinions. Please bring
your letters to The Daily today.
Type and include your name, tele
phone number and Stanford affilia
tion, if any.
We want your opinions. Please bring
your letters to The Daily today.
Type and include your name, tele
phone number and Stanford affilia
tion, if any.
