# ROSER WILL TALK AT FRENCH CLUB MEETING
## 
### 
"Protestantism in France" will be the
subject of a talk to be given by Mademoi
selle looser of the Castilleja faculty at
the next meeting of Lo Cercle Frangais,
which will be held in the Women's Club
bouse at 8:15 o'clock Thursday. Prot
estantism in France has formed the at
mosphere of much of Mile. Poser's life
and the meeting promises to be intensely
entertaining.
Plans will also be made at the meeting
for the winter quarter, especially includ
ing arrangements for the three French
one-act plays on the program.
"Protestantism in France" will be the
subject of a talk to be given by Mademoi
selle looser of the Castilleja faculty at
the next meeting of Lo Cercle Frangais,
which will be held in the Women's Club
bouse at 8:15 o'clock Thursday. Prot
estantism in France has formed the at
mosphere of much of Mile. Poser's life
and the meeting promises to be intensely
entertaining.
Plans will also be made at the meeting
for the winter quarter, especially includ
ing arrangements for the three French
one-act plays on the program.
"Protestantism in France" will be the
subject of a talk to be given by Mademoi
selle looser of the Castilleja faculty at
the next meeting of Lo Cercle Frangais,
which will be held in the Women's Club
bouse at 8:15 o'clock Thursday. Prot
estantism in France has formed the at
mosphere of much of Mile. Poser's life
and the meeting promises to be intensely
entertaining.
Plans will also be made at the meeting
for the winter quarter, especially includ
ing arrangements for the three French
one-act plays on the program.
"Protestantism in France" will be the
subject of a talk to be given by Mademoi
selle looser of the Castilleja faculty at
the next meeting of Lo Cercle Frangais,
which will be held in the Women's Club
bouse at 8:15 o'clock Thursday. Prot
estantism in France has formed the at
mosphere of much of Mile. Poser's life
and the meeting promises to be intensely
entertaining.
Plans will also be made at the meeting
for the winter quarter, especially includ
ing arrangements for the three French
one-act plays on the program.
"Protestantism in France" will be the
subject of a talk to be given by Mademoi
selle looser of the Castilleja faculty at
the next meeting of Lo Cercle Frangais,
which will be held in the Women's Club
bouse at 8:15 o'clock Thursday. Prot
estantism in France has formed the at
mosphere of much of Mile. Poser's life
and the meeting promises to be intensely
entertaining.
Plans will also be made at the meeting
for the winter quarter, especially includ
ing arrangements for the three French
one-act plays on the program.
"Protestantism in France" will be the
subject of a talk to be given by Mademoi
selle looser of the Castilleja faculty at
the next meeting of Lo Cercle Frangais,
which will be held in the Women's Club
bouse at 8:15 o'clock Thursday. Prot
estantism in France has formed the at
mosphere of much of Mile. Poser's life
and the meeting promises to be intensely
entertaining.
Plans will also be made at the meeting
for the winter quarter, especially includ
ing arrangements for the three French
one-act plays on the program.
"Protestantism in France" will be the
subject of a talk to be given by Mademoi
selle looser of the Castilleja faculty at
the next meeting of Lo Cercle Frangais,
which will be held in the Women's Club
bouse at 8:15 o'clock Thursday. Prot
estantism in France has formed the at
mosphere of much of Mile. Poser's life
and the meeting promises to be intensely
entertaining.
Plans will also be made at the meeting
for the winter quarter, especially includ
ing arrangements for the three French
one-act plays on the program.
"Protestantism in France" will be the
subject of a talk to be given by Mademoi
selle looser of the Castilleja faculty at
the next meeting of Lo Cercle Frangais,
which will be held in the Women's Club
bouse at 8:15 o'clock Thursday. Prot
estantism in France has formed the at
mosphere of much of Mile. Poser's life
and the meeting promises to be intensely
entertaining.
Plans will also be made at the meeting
for the winter quarter, especially includ
ing arrangements for the three French
one-act plays on the program.
"Protestantism in France" will be the
subject of a talk to be given by Mademoi
selle looser of the Castilleja faculty at
the next meeting of Lo Cercle Frangais,
which will be held in the Women's Club
bouse at 8:15 o'clock Thursday. Prot
estantism in France has formed the at
mosphere of much of Mile. Poser's life
and the meeting promises to be intensely
entertaining.
Plans will also be made at the meeting
for the winter quarter, especially includ
ing arrangements for the three French
one-act plays on the program.
"Protestantism in France" will be the
subject of a talk to be given by Mademoi
selle looser of the Castilleja faculty at
the next meeting of Lo Cercle Frangais,
which will be held in the Women's Club
bouse at 8:15 o'clock Thursday. Prot
estantism in France has formed the at
mosphere of much of Mile. Poser's life
and the meeting promises to be intensely
entertaining.
Plans will also be made at the meeting
for the winter quarter, especially includ
ing arrangements for the three French
one-act plays on the program.
"Protestantism in France" will be the
subject of a talk to be given by Mademoi
selle looser of the Castilleja faculty at
the next meeting of Lo Cercle Frangais,
which will be held in the Women's Club
bouse at 8:15 o'clock Thursday. Prot
estantism in France has formed the at
mosphere of much of Mile. Poser's life
and the meeting promises to be intensely
entertaining.
Plans will also be made at the meeting
for the winter quarter, especially includ
ing arrangements for the three French
one-act plays on the program.
"Protestantism in France" will be the
subject of a talk to be given by Mademoi
selle looser of the Castilleja faculty at
the next meeting of Lo Cercle Frangais,
which will be held in the Women's Club
bouse at 8:15 o'clock Thursday. Prot
estantism in France has formed the at
mosphere of much of Mile. Poser's life
and the meeting promises to be intensely
entertaining.
Plans will also be made at the meeting
for the winter quarter, especially includ
ing arrangements for the three French
one-act plays on the program.
"Protestantism in France" will be the
subject of a talk to be given by Mademoi
selle looser of the Castilleja faculty at
the next meeting of Lo Cercle Frangais,
which will be held in the Women's Club
bouse at 8:15 o'clock Thursday. Prot
estantism in France has formed the at
mosphere of much of Mile. Poser's life
and the meeting promises to be intensely
entertaining.
Plans will also be made at the meeting
for the winter quarter, especially includ
ing arrangements for the three French
one-act plays on the program.
"Protestantism in France" will be the
subject of a talk to be given by Mademoi
selle looser of the Castilleja faculty at
the next meeting of Lo Cercle Frangais,
which will be held in the Women's Club
bouse at 8:15 o'clock Thursday. Prot
estantism in France has formed the at
mosphere of much of Mile. Poser's life
and the meeting promises to be intensely
entertaining.
Plans will also be made at the meeting
for the winter quarter, especially includ
ing arrangements for the three French
one-act plays on the program.
"Protestantism in France" will be the
subject of a talk to be given by Mademoi
selle looser of the Castilleja faculty at
the next meeting of Lo Cercle Frangais,
which will be held in the Women's Club
bouse at 8:15 o'clock Thursday. Prot
estantism in France has formed the at
mosphere of much of Mile. Poser's life
and the meeting promises to be intensely
entertaining.
Plans will also be made at the meeting
for the winter quarter, especially includ
ing arrangements for the three French
one-act plays on the program.
"Protestantism in France" will be the
subject of a talk to be given by Mademoi
selle looser of the Castilleja faculty at
the next meeting of Lo Cercle Frangais,
which will be held in the Women's Club
bouse at 8:15 o'clock Thursday. Prot
estantism in France has formed the at
mosphere of much of Mile. Poser's life
and the meeting promises to be intensely
entertaining.
Plans will also be made at the meeting
for the winter quarter, especially includ
ing arrangements for the three French
one-act plays on the program.
