# CORRECTION
## 
### 
In the list of the newly elected
members of Phi Beta Kappa pub- '
libhed in yesterday's Daily the name
of George H. Gribbin was uninten
tionally omitted.
In the list of the newly elected
members of Phi Beta Kappa pub- '
libhed in yesterday's Daily the name
of George H. Gribbin was uninten
tionally omitted.
In the list of the newly elected
members of Phi Beta Kappa pub- '
libhed in yesterday's Daily the name
of George H. Gribbin was uninten
tionally omitted.
In the list of the newly elected
members of Phi Beta Kappa pub- '
libhed in yesterday's Daily the name
of George H. Gribbin was uninten
tionally omitted.
In the list of the newly elected
members of Phi Beta Kappa pub- '
libhed in yesterday's Daily the name
of George H. Gribbin was uninten
tionally omitted.
In the list of the newly elected
members of Phi Beta Kappa pub- '
libhed in yesterday's Daily the name
of George H. Gribbin was uninten
tionally omitted.
In the list of the newly elected
members of Phi Beta Kappa pub- '
libhed in yesterday's Daily the name
of George H. Gribbin was uninten
tionally omitted.
In the list of the newly elected
members of Phi Beta Kappa pub- '
libhed in yesterday's Daily the name
of George H. Gribbin was uninten
tionally omitted.
In the list of the newly elected
members of Phi Beta Kappa pub- '
libhed in yesterday's Daily the name
of George H. Gribbin was uninten
tionally omitted.
In the list of the newly elected
members of Phi Beta Kappa pub- '
libhed in yesterday's Daily the name
of George H. Gribbin was uninten
tionally omitted.
In the list of the newly elected
members of Phi Beta Kappa pub- '
libhed in yesterday's Daily the name
of George H. Gribbin was uninten
tionally omitted.
In the list of the newly elected
members of Phi Beta Kappa pub- '
libhed in yesterday's Daily the name
of George H. Gribbin was uninten
tionally omitted.
In the list of the newly elected
members of Phi Beta Kappa pub- '
libhed in yesterday's Daily the name
of George H. Gribbin was uninten
tionally omitted.
In the list of the newly elected
members of Phi Beta Kappa pub- '
libhed in yesterday's Daily the name
of George H. Gribbin was uninten
tionally omitted.
In the list of the newly elected
members of Phi Beta Kappa pub- '
libhed in yesterday's Daily the name
of George H. Gribbin was uninten
tionally omitted.
In the list of the newly elected
members of Phi Beta Kappa pub- '
libhed in yesterday's Daily the name
of George H. Gribbin was uninten
tionally omitted.
