# RALLY COMMITTEE, BAND NOT TO MEET GRID TEAM IN CITY
## 
### 
"The Rally Committee will
have nothing to do with the re
ception to be given the football
team at San Francisco," said
Chairman Dave Jacobson last
night. "We believe that any wel
come to the varsity should take
place here at Stanford rather
than in San Francisco. We are
planning a demonstration for the
team to take place Friday."
The Stanford Band has been
invited to march in the parade
planned by the San Francisco
Chamber of Commerce, but will
not accept the invitation, ac
cording to Dr. Ernest Whitney
Martin, director of the band. l)r.
Martin says that the reception
would disrupt Friday morning
classes and would probably lure
many students to the city in ad
dition to the members of the
band.
"The Rally Committee will
have nothing to do with the re
ception to be given the football
team at San Francisco," said
Chairman Dave Jacobson last
night. "We believe that any wel
come to the varsity should take
place here at Stanford rather
than in San Francisco. We are
planning a demonstration for the
team to take place Friday."
The Stanford Band has been
invited to march in the parade
planned by the San Francisco
Chamber of Commerce, but will
not accept the invitation, ac
cording to Dr. Ernest Whitney
Martin, director of the band. l)r.
Martin says that the reception
would disrupt Friday morning
classes and would probably lure
many students to the city in ad
dition to the members of the
band.
"The Rally Committee will
have nothing to do with the re
ception to be given the football
team at San Francisco," said
Chairman Dave Jacobson last
night. "We believe that any wel
come to the varsity should take
place here at Stanford rather
than in San Francisco. We are
planning a demonstration for the
team to take place Friday."
The Stanford Band has been
invited to march in the parade
planned by the San Francisco
Chamber of Commerce, but will
not accept the invitation, ac
cording to Dr. Ernest Whitney
Martin, director of the band. l)r.
Martin says that the reception
would disrupt Friday morning
classes and would probably lure
many students to the city in ad
dition to the members of the
band.
"The Rally Committee will
have nothing to do with the re
ception to be given the football
team at San Francisco," said
Chairman Dave Jacobson last
night. "We believe that any wel
come to the varsity should take
place here at Stanford rather
than in San Francisco. We are
planning a demonstration for the
team to take place Friday."
The Stanford Band has been
invited to march in the parade
planned by the San Francisco
Chamber of Commerce, but will
not accept the invitation, ac
cording to Dr. Ernest Whitney
Martin, director of the band. l)r.
Martin says that the reception
would disrupt Friday morning
classes and would probably lure
many students to the city in ad
dition to the members of the
band.
"The Rally Committee will
have nothing to do with the re
ception to be given the football
team at San Francisco," said
Chairman Dave Jacobson last
night. "We believe that any wel
come to the varsity should take
place here at Stanford rather
than in San Francisco. We are
planning a demonstration for the
team to take place Friday."
The Stanford Band has been
invited to march in the parade
planned by the San Francisco
Chamber of Commerce, but will
not accept the invitation, ac
cording to Dr. Ernest Whitney
Martin, director of the band. l)r.
Martin says that the reception
would disrupt Friday morning
classes and would probably lure
many students to the city in ad
dition to the members of the
band.
"The Rally Committee will
have nothing to do with the re
ception to be given the football
team at San Francisco," said
Chairman Dave Jacobson last
night. "We believe that any wel
come to the varsity should take
place here at Stanford rather
than in San Francisco. We are
planning a demonstration for the
team to take place Friday."
The Stanford Band has been
invited to march in the parade
planned by the San Francisco
Chamber of Commerce, but will
not accept the invitation, ac
cording to Dr. Ernest Whitney
Martin, director of the band. l)r.
Martin says that the reception
would disrupt Friday morning
classes and would probably lure
many students to the city in ad
dition to the members of the
band.
"The Rally Committee will
have nothing to do with the re
ception to be given the football
team at San Francisco," said
Chairman Dave Jacobson last
night. "We believe that any wel
come to the varsity should take
place here at Stanford rather
than in San Francisco. We are
planning a demonstration for the
team to take place Friday."
The Stanford Band has been
invited to march in the parade
planned by the San Francisco
Chamber of Commerce, but will
not accept the invitation, ac
cording to Dr. Ernest Whitney
Martin, director of the band. l)r.
Martin says that the reception
would disrupt Friday morning
classes and would probably lure
many students to the city in ad
dition to the members of the
band.
"The Rally Committee will
have nothing to do with the re
ception to be given the football
team at San Francisco," said
Chairman Dave Jacobson last
night. "We believe that any wel
come to the varsity should take
place here at Stanford rather
than in San Francisco. We are
planning a demonstration for the
team to take place Friday."
The Stanford Band has been
invited to march in the parade
planned by the San Francisco
Chamber of Commerce, but will
not accept the invitation, ac
cording to Dr. Ernest Whitney
Martin, director of the band. l)r.
Martin says that the reception
would disrupt Friday morning
classes and would probably lure
many students to the city in ad
dition to the members of the
band.
"The Rally Committee will
have nothing to do with the re
ception to be given the football
team at San Francisco," said
Chairman Dave Jacobson last
night. "We believe that any wel
come to the varsity should take
place here at Stanford rather
than in San Francisco. We are
planning a demonstration for the
team to take place Friday."
The Stanford Band has been
invited to march in the parade
planned by the San Francisco
Chamber of Commerce, but will
not accept the invitation, ac
cording to Dr. Ernest Whitney
Martin, director of the band. l)r.
Martin says that the reception
would disrupt Friday morning
classes and would probably lure
many students to the city in ad
dition to the members of the
band.
"The Rally Committee will
have nothing to do with the re
ception to be given the football
team at San Francisco," said
Chairman Dave Jacobson last
night. "We believe that any wel
come to the varsity should take
place here at Stanford rather
than in San Francisco. We are
planning a demonstration for the
team to take place Friday."
The Stanford Band has been
invited to march in the parade
planned by the San Francisco
Chamber of Commerce, but will
not accept the invitation, ac
cording to Dr. Ernest Whitney
Martin, director of the band. l)r.
Martin says that the reception
would disrupt Friday morning
classes and would probably lure
many students to the city in ad
dition to the members of the
band.
"The Rally Committee will
have nothing to do with the re
ception to be given the football
team at San Francisco," said
Chairman Dave Jacobson last
night. "We believe that any wel
come to the varsity should take
place here at Stanford rather
than in San Francisco. We are
planning a demonstration for the
team to take place Friday."
The Stanford Band has been
invited to march in the parade
planned by the San Francisco
Chamber of Commerce, but will
not accept the invitation, ac
cording to Dr. Ernest Whitney
Martin, director of the band. l)r.
Martin says that the reception
would disrupt Friday morning
classes and would probably lure
many students to the city in ad
dition to the members of the
band.
"The Rally Committee will
have nothing to do with the re
ception to be given the football
team at San Francisco," said
Chairman Dave Jacobson last
night. "We believe that any wel
come to the varsity should take
place here at Stanford rather
than in San Francisco. We are
planning a demonstration for the
team to take place Friday."
The Stanford Band has been
invited to march in the parade
planned by the San Francisco
Chamber of Commerce, but will
not accept the invitation, ac
cording to Dr. Ernest Whitney
Martin, director of the band. l)r.
Martin says that the reception
would disrupt Friday morning
classes and would probably lure
many students to the city in ad
dition to the members of the
band.
"The Rally Committee will
have nothing to do with the re
ception to be given the football
team at San Francisco," said
Chairman Dave Jacobson last
night. "We believe that any wel
come to the varsity should take
place here at Stanford rather
than in San Francisco. We are
planning a demonstration for the
team to take place Friday."
The Stanford Band has been
invited to march in the parade
planned by the San Francisco
Chamber of Commerce, but will
not accept the invitation, ac
cording to Dr. Ernest Whitney
Martin, director of the band. l)r.
Martin says that the reception
would disrupt Friday morning
classes and would probably lure
many students to the city in ad
dition to the members of the
band.
"The Rally Committee will
have nothing to do with the re
ception to be given the football
team at San Francisco," said
Chairman Dave Jacobson last
night. "We believe that any wel
come to the varsity should take
place here at Stanford rather
than in San Francisco. We are
planning a demonstration for the
team to take place Friday."
The Stanford Band has been
invited to march in the parade
planned by the San Francisco
Chamber of Commerce, but will
not accept the invitation, ac
cording to Dr. Ernest Whitney
Martin, director of the band. l)r.
Martin says that the reception
would disrupt Friday morning
classes and would probably lure
many students to the city in ad
dition to the members of the
band.
"The Rally Committee will
have nothing to do with the re
ception to be given the football
team at San Francisco," said
Chairman Dave Jacobson last
night. "We believe that any wel
come to the varsity should take
place here at Stanford rather
than in San Francisco. We are
planning a demonstration for the
team to take place Friday."
The Stanford Band has been
invited to march in the parade
planned by the San Francisco
Chamber of Commerce, but will
not accept the invitation, ac
cording to Dr. Ernest Whitney
Martin, director of the band. l)r.
Martin says that the reception
would disrupt Friday morning
classes and would probably lure
many students to the city in ad
dition to the members of the
band.
"The Rally Committee will
have nothing to do with the re
ception to be given the football
team at San Francisco," said
Chairman Dave Jacobson last
night. "We believe that any wel
come to the varsity should take
place here at Stanford rather
than in San Francisco. We are
planning a demonstration for the
team to take place Friday."
The Stanford Band has been
invited to march in the parade
planned by the San Francisco
Chamber of Commerce, but will
not accept the invitation, ac
cording to Dr. Ernest Whitney
Martin, director of the band. l)r.
Martin says that the reception
would disrupt Friday morning
classes and would probably lure
many students to the city in ad
dition to the members of the
band.
