# Entertainment
## 
### 

STARS - Jane Powell and Michael Evans relax
backstage after a performance of "My Fair Lady."
Miss Powell plays Eliza Doolittle, a Cockney
flower girl who wants to be a lady, and Evans

plays Henry Higgins, the phonetics teacher who
transforms her in this Lerner-Loewe musical that
opened San Carlos' Circle Star Theatre Tuesday
night.

STARS - Jane Powell and Michael Evans relax
backstage after a performance of "My Fair Lady."
Miss Powell plays Eliza Doolittle, a Cockney
flower girl who wants to be a lady, and Evans

plays Henry Higgins, the phonetics teacher who
transforms her in this Lerner-Loewe musical that
opened San Carlos' Circle Star Theatre Tuesday
night.

STARS - Jane Powell and Michael Evans relax
backstage after a performance of "My Fair Lady."
Miss Powell plays Eliza Doolittle, a Cockney
flower girl who wants to be a lady, and Evans

plays Henry Higgins, the phonetics teacher who
transforms her in this Lerner-Loewe musical that
opened San Carlos' Circle Star Theatre Tuesday
night.

STARS - Jane Powell and Michael Evans relax
backstage after a performance of "My Fair Lady."
Miss Powell plays Eliza Doolittle, a Cockney
flower girl who wants to be a lady, and Evans

plays Henry Higgins, the phonetics teacher who
transforms her in this Lerner-Loewe musical that
opened San Carlos' Circle Star Theatre Tuesday
night.

STARS - Jane Powell and Michael Evans relax
backstage after a performance of "My Fair Lady."
Miss Powell plays Eliza Doolittle, a Cockney
flower girl who wants to be a lady, and Evans

plays Henry Higgins, the phonetics teacher who
transforms her in this Lerner-Loewe musical that
opened San Carlos' Circle Star Theatre Tuesday
night.

STARS - Jane Powell and Michael Evans relax
backstage after a performance of "My Fair Lady."
Miss Powell plays Eliza Doolittle, a Cockney
flower girl who wants to be a lady, and Evans

plays Henry Higgins, the phonetics teacher who
transforms her in this Lerner-Loewe musical that
opened San Carlos' Circle Star Theatre Tuesday
night.

STARS - Jane Powell and Michael Evans relax
backstage after a performance of "My Fair Lady."
Miss Powell plays Eliza Doolittle, a Cockney
flower girl who wants to be a lady, and Evans

plays Henry Higgins, the phonetics teacher who
transforms her in this Lerner-Loewe musical that
opened San Carlos' Circle Star Theatre Tuesday
night.

STARS - Jane Powell and Michael Evans relax
backstage after a performance of "My Fair Lady."
Miss Powell plays Eliza Doolittle, a Cockney
flower girl who wants to be a lady, and Evans

plays Henry Higgins, the phonetics teacher who
transforms her in this Lerner-Loewe musical that
opened San Carlos' Circle Star Theatre Tuesday
night.

STARS - Jane Powell and Michael Evans relax
backstage after a performance of "My Fair Lady."
Miss Powell plays Eliza Doolittle, a Cockney
flower girl who wants to be a lady, and Evans

plays Henry Higgins, the phonetics teacher who
transforms her in this Lerner-Loewe musical that
opened San Carlos' Circle Star Theatre Tuesday
night.

STARS - Jane Powell and Michael Evans relax
backstage after a performance of "My Fair Lady."
Miss Powell plays Eliza Doolittle, a Cockney
flower girl who wants to be a lady, and Evans

plays Henry Higgins, the phonetics teacher who
transforms her in this Lerner-Loewe musical that
opened San Carlos' Circle Star Theatre Tuesday
night.

STARS - Jane Powell and Michael Evans relax
backstage after a performance of "My Fair Lady."
Miss Powell plays Eliza Doolittle, a Cockney
flower girl who wants to be a lady, and Evans

plays Henry Higgins, the phonetics teacher who
transforms her in this Lerner-Loewe musical that
opened San Carlos' Circle Star Theatre Tuesday
night.

STARS - Jane Powell and Michael Evans relax
backstage after a performance of "My Fair Lady."
Miss Powell plays Eliza Doolittle, a Cockney
flower girl who wants to be a lady, and Evans

plays Henry Higgins, the phonetics teacher who
transforms her in this Lerner-Loewe musical that
opened San Carlos' Circle Star Theatre Tuesday
night.

STARS - Jane Powell and Michael Evans relax
backstage after a performance of "My Fair Lady."
Miss Powell plays Eliza Doolittle, a Cockney
flower girl who wants to be a lady, and Evans

plays Henry Higgins, the phonetics teacher who
transforms her in this Lerner-Loewe musical that
opened San Carlos' Circle Star Theatre Tuesday
night.

STARS - Jane Powell and Michael Evans relax
backstage after a performance of "My Fair Lady."
Miss Powell plays Eliza Doolittle, a Cockney
flower girl who wants to be a lady, and Evans

plays Henry Higgins, the phonetics teacher who
transforms her in this Lerner-Loewe musical that
opened San Carlos' Circle Star Theatre Tuesday
night.

STARS - Jane Powell and Michael Evans relax
backstage after a performance of "My Fair Lady."
Miss Powell plays Eliza Doolittle, a Cockney
flower girl who wants to be a lady, and Evans

plays Henry Higgins, the phonetics teacher who
transforms her in this Lerner-Loewe musical that
opened San Carlos' Circle Star Theatre Tuesday
night.
