# Christian Association.
## 
### 
The meeting of the Christian As
sociation Sunday evening will he
led l»v Professor Walter Miller.
Subject, ''Hindering Christianity."
Miss Edith Jaggerof Palo Alto will
sing.
The meeting of the Christian As
sociation Sunday evening will he
led l»v Professor Walter Miller.
Subject, ''Hindering Christianity."
Miss Edith Jaggerof Palo Alto will
sing.
The meeting of the Christian As
sociation Sunday evening will he
led l»v Professor Walter Miller.
Subject, ''Hindering Christianity."
Miss Edith Jaggerof Palo Alto will
sing.
The meeting of the Christian As
sociation Sunday evening will he
led l»v Professor Walter Miller.
Subject, ''Hindering Christianity."
Miss Edith Jaggerof Palo Alto will
sing.
The meeting of the Christian As
sociation Sunday evening will he
led l»v Professor Walter Miller.
Subject, ''Hindering Christianity."
Miss Edith Jaggerof Palo Alto will
sing.
