# EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE.
## Student Body Representatives Hold Their Monthly Meeting. 
### 
The Executive Committee of the
student body held its regular
monthly meeting in room 11 last
night. Pomeroy, Pratt, Horst,
Schwartz, and Leiter were present,
rhe secretary was instructed to
write to Waruall, '97, a member of
the committee who was recently
called home by the illness of his
father, expressing the regret of his
associates that "lie was unable to
return to the University.
The const it ution of the Stanford
Chess Club was ratilied and an ap
propriation of $3.75 was made to
defray the railroad expenses of the
intercollegiate chess team, which
goes to the city April 17 to compete
with Berkeley. The president was
authorized to appoint the necessary
committees to make arrangements
for the student body election which
takes place the latter part of this
mouth.
The Executive Committee of the
student body held its regular
monthly meeting in room 11 last
night. Pomeroy, Pratt, Horst,
Schwartz, and Leiter were present,
rhe secretary was instructed to
write to Waruall, '97, a member of
the committee who was recently
called home by the illness of his
father, expressing the regret of his
associates that "lie was unable to
return to the University.
The const it ution of the Stanford
Chess Club was ratilied and an ap
propriation of $3.75 was made to
defray the railroad expenses of the
intercollegiate chess team, which
goes to the city April 17 to compete
with Berkeley. The president was
authorized to appoint the necessary
committees to make arrangements
for the student body election which
takes place the latter part of this
mouth.
The Executive Committee of the
student body held its regular
monthly meeting in room 11 last
night. Pomeroy, Pratt, Horst,
Schwartz, and Leiter were present,
rhe secretary was instructed to
write to Waruall, '97, a member of
the committee who was recently
called home by the illness of his
father, expressing the regret of his
associates that "lie was unable to
return to the University.
The const it ution of the Stanford
Chess Club was ratilied and an ap
propriation of $3.75 was made to
defray the railroad expenses of the
intercollegiate chess team, which
goes to the city April 17 to compete
with Berkeley. The president was
authorized to appoint the necessary
committees to make arrangements
for the student body election which
takes place the latter part of this
mouth.
The Executive Committee of the
student body held its regular
monthly meeting in room 11 last
night. Pomeroy, Pratt, Horst,
Schwartz, and Leiter were present,
rhe secretary was instructed to
write to Waruall, '97, a member of
the committee who was recently
called home by the illness of his
father, expressing the regret of his
associates that "lie was unable to
return to the University.
The const it ution of the Stanford
Chess Club was ratilied and an ap
propriation of $3.75 was made to
defray the railroad expenses of the
intercollegiate chess team, which
goes to the city April 17 to compete
with Berkeley. The president was
authorized to appoint the necessary
committees to make arrangements
for the student body election which
takes place the latter part of this
mouth.
The Executive Committee of the
student body held its regular
monthly meeting in room 11 last
night. Pomeroy, Pratt, Horst,
Schwartz, and Leiter were present,
rhe secretary was instructed to
write to Waruall, '97, a member of
the committee who was recently
called home by the illness of his
father, expressing the regret of his
associates that "lie was unable to
return to the University.
The const it ution of the Stanford
Chess Club was ratilied and an ap
propriation of $3.75 was made to
defray the railroad expenses of the
intercollegiate chess team, which
goes to the city April 17 to compete
with Berkeley. The president was
authorized to appoint the necessary
committees to make arrangements
for the student body election which
takes place the latter part of this
mouth.
