# Untitled Article
## 
### 
C.C. Hughes, '9 5, is now city super
intendent of schools in Sacramento,
which has a population of CO,OOO. He
has held a similar position at Alameda
and at Eureka.
C.C. Hughes, '9 5, is now city super
intendent of schools in Sacramento,
which has a population of CO,OOO. He
has held a similar position at Alameda
and at Eureka.
C.C. Hughes, '9 5, is now city super
intendent of schools in Sacramento,
which has a population of CO,OOO. He
has held a similar position at Alameda
and at Eureka.
C.C. Hughes, '9 5, is now city super
intendent of schools in Sacramento,
which has a population of CO,OOO. He
has held a similar position at Alameda
and at Eureka.
C.C. Hughes, '9 5, is now city super
intendent of schools in Sacramento,
which has a population of CO,OOO. He
has held a similar position at Alameda
and at Eureka.
C.C. Hughes, '9 5, is now city super
intendent of schools in Sacramento,
which has a population of CO,OOO. He
has held a similar position at Alameda
and at Eureka.
C.C. Hughes, '9 5, is now city super
intendent of schools in Sacramento,
which has a population of CO,OOO. He
has held a similar position at Alameda
and at Eureka.
C.C. Hughes, '9 5, is now city super
intendent of schools in Sacramento,
which has a population of CO,OOO. He
has held a similar position at Alameda
and at Eureka.
C.C. Hughes, '9 5, is now city super
intendent of schools in Sacramento,
which has a population of CO,OOO. He
has held a similar position at Alameda
and at Eureka.
C.C. Hughes, '9 5, is now city super
intendent of schools in Sacramento,
which has a population of CO,OOO. He
has held a similar position at Alameda
and at Eureka.
C.C. Hughes, '9 5, is now city super
intendent of schools in Sacramento,
which has a population of CO,OOO. He
has held a similar position at Alameda
and at Eureka.
C.C. Hughes, '9 5, is now city super
intendent of schools in Sacramento,
which has a population of CO,OOO. He
has held a similar position at Alameda
and at Eureka.
C.C. Hughes, '9 5, is now city super
intendent of schools in Sacramento,
which has a population of CO,OOO. He
has held a similar position at Alameda
and at Eureka.
