# Spanish Honor Society Plans Reception
## 
### 
Sigma Delia Pi, Spanish honor
society, is holding a reception for
Senor Rodolfo U.sigii in the Wom
en's clubhouse following his lecture
in the Little Theater tonight.
Refreshments will be served.
Reindeer in Siberia provide milk,
food, clothing, and transportation.
Sigma Delia Pi, Spanish honor
society, is holding a reception for
Senor Rodolfo U.sigii in the Wom
en's clubhouse following his lecture
in the Little Theater tonight.
Refreshments will be served.
Reindeer in Siberia provide milk,
food, clothing, and transportation.
Sigma Delia Pi, Spanish honor
society, is holding a reception for
Senor Rodolfo U.sigii in the Wom
en's clubhouse following his lecture
in the Little Theater tonight.
Refreshments will be served.
Reindeer in Siberia provide milk,
food, clothing, and transportation.
Sigma Delia Pi, Spanish honor
society, is holding a reception for
Senor Rodolfo U.sigii in the Wom
en's clubhouse following his lecture
in the Little Theater tonight.
Refreshments will be served.
Reindeer in Siberia provide milk,
food, clothing, and transportation.
Sigma Delia Pi, Spanish honor
society, is holding a reception for
Senor Rodolfo U.sigii in the Wom
en's clubhouse following his lecture
in the Little Theater tonight.
Refreshments will be served.
Reindeer in Siberia provide milk,
food, clothing, and transportation.
Sigma Delia Pi, Spanish honor
society, is holding a reception for
Senor Rodolfo U.sigii in the Wom
en's clubhouse following his lecture
in the Little Theater tonight.
Refreshments will be served.
Reindeer in Siberia provide milk,
food, clothing, and transportation.
Sigma Delia Pi, Spanish honor
society, is holding a reception for
Senor Rodolfo U.sigii in the Wom
en's clubhouse following his lecture
in the Little Theater tonight.
Refreshments will be served.
Reindeer in Siberia provide milk,
food, clothing, and transportation.
Sigma Delia Pi, Spanish honor
society, is holding a reception for
Senor Rodolfo U.sigii in the Wom
en's clubhouse following his lecture
in the Little Theater tonight.
Refreshments will be served.
Reindeer in Siberia provide milk,
food, clothing, and transportation.
Sigma Delia Pi, Spanish honor
society, is holding a reception for
Senor Rodolfo U.sigii in the Wom
en's clubhouse following his lecture
in the Little Theater tonight.
Refreshments will be served.
Reindeer in Siberia provide milk,
food, clothing, and transportation.
Sigma Delia Pi, Spanish honor
society, is holding a reception for
Senor Rodolfo U.sigii in the Wom
en's clubhouse following his lecture
in the Little Theater tonight.
Refreshments will be served.
Reindeer in Siberia provide milk,
food, clothing, and transportation.
Sigma Delia Pi, Spanish honor
society, is holding a reception for
Senor Rodolfo U.sigii in the Wom
en's clubhouse following his lecture
in the Little Theater tonight.
Refreshments will be served.
Reindeer in Siberia provide milk,
food, clothing, and transportation.
Sigma Delia Pi, Spanish honor
society, is holding a reception for
Senor Rodolfo U.sigii in the Wom
en's clubhouse following his lecture
in the Little Theater tonight.
Refreshments will be served.
Reindeer in Siberia provide milk,
food, clothing, and transportation.
Sigma Delia Pi, Spanish honor
society, is holding a reception for
Senor Rodolfo U.sigii in the Wom
en's clubhouse following his lecture
in the Little Theater tonight.
Refreshments will be served.
Reindeer in Siberia provide milk,
food, clothing, and transportation.
Sigma Delia Pi, Spanish honor
society, is holding a reception for
Senor Rodolfo U.sigii in the Wom
en's clubhouse following his lecture
in the Little Theater tonight.
Refreshments will be served.
Reindeer in Siberia provide milk,
food, clothing, and transportation.
Sigma Delia Pi, Spanish honor
society, is holding a reception for
Senor Rodolfo U.sigii in the Wom
en's clubhouse following his lecture
in the Little Theater tonight.
Refreshments will be served.
Reindeer in Siberia provide milk,
food, clothing, and transportation.
