# Engineer Analyzes Bridge In Campus Lecture Today
## 
### 
"The Fabrication and Erection" of ;
the world's longest single - span i
bridge will be the subject o£ an j
illustrated lecture to be given to
morrow at 4:15 o'clock in room 550 j
by Henry W. Troelsch, assistant en- !
gineer of the American Bridge j
company.
Universities in Japan have only 35 |
women students.
"The Fabrication and Erection" of ;
the world's longest single - span i
bridge will be the subject o£ an j
illustrated lecture to be given to
morrow at 4:15 o'clock in room 550 j
by Henry W. Troelsch, assistant en- !
gineer of the American Bridge j
company.
Universities in Japan have only 35 |
women students.
"The Fabrication and Erection" of ;
the world's longest single - span i
bridge will be the subject o£ an j
illustrated lecture to be given to
morrow at 4:15 o'clock in room 550 j
by Henry W. Troelsch, assistant en- !
gineer of the American Bridge j
company.
Universities in Japan have only 35 |
women students.
"The Fabrication and Erection" of ;
the world's longest single - span i
bridge will be the subject o£ an j
illustrated lecture to be given to
morrow at 4:15 o'clock in room 550 j
by Henry W. Troelsch, assistant en- !
gineer of the American Bridge j
company.
Universities in Japan have only 35 |
women students.
"The Fabrication and Erection" of ;
the world's longest single - span i
bridge will be the subject o£ an j
illustrated lecture to be given to
morrow at 4:15 o'clock in room 550 j
by Henry W. Troelsch, assistant en- !
gineer of the American Bridge j
company.
Universities in Japan have only 35 |
women students.
"The Fabrication and Erection" of ;
the world's longest single - span i
bridge will be the subject o£ an j
illustrated lecture to be given to
morrow at 4:15 o'clock in room 550 j
by Henry W. Troelsch, assistant en- !
gineer of the American Bridge j
company.
Universities in Japan have only 35 |
women students.
"The Fabrication and Erection" of ;
the world's longest single - span i
bridge will be the subject o£ an j
illustrated lecture to be given to
morrow at 4:15 o'clock in room 550 j
by Henry W. Troelsch, assistant en- !
gineer of the American Bridge j
company.
Universities in Japan have only 35 |
women students.
"The Fabrication and Erection" of ;
the world's longest single - span i
bridge will be the subject o£ an j
illustrated lecture to be given to
morrow at 4:15 o'clock in room 550 j
by Henry W. Troelsch, assistant en- !
gineer of the American Bridge j
company.
Universities in Japan have only 35 |
women students.
"The Fabrication and Erection" of ;
the world's longest single - span i
bridge will be the subject o£ an j
illustrated lecture to be given to
morrow at 4:15 o'clock in room 550 j
by Henry W. Troelsch, assistant en- !
gineer of the American Bridge j
company.
Universities in Japan have only 35 |
women students.
"The Fabrication and Erection" of ;
the world's longest single - span i
bridge will be the subject o£ an j
illustrated lecture to be given to
morrow at 4:15 o'clock in room 550 j
by Henry W. Troelsch, assistant en- !
gineer of the American Bridge j
company.
Universities in Japan have only 35 |
women students.
"The Fabrication and Erection" of ;
the world's longest single - span i
bridge will be the subject o£ an j
illustrated lecture to be given to
morrow at 4:15 o'clock in room 550 j
by Henry W. Troelsch, assistant en- !
gineer of the American Bridge j
company.
Universities in Japan have only 35 |
women students.
"The Fabrication and Erection" of ;
the world's longest single - span i
bridge will be the subject o£ an j
illustrated lecture to be given to
morrow at 4:15 o'clock in room 550 j
by Henry W. Troelsch, assistant en- !
gineer of the American Bridge j
company.
Universities in Japan have only 35 |
women students.
"The Fabrication and Erection" of ;
the world's longest single - span i
bridge will be the subject o£ an j
illustrated lecture to be given to
morrow at 4:15 o'clock in room 550 j
by Henry W. Troelsch, assistant en- !
gineer of the American Bridge j
company.
Universities in Japan have only 35 |
women students.
"The Fabrication and Erection" of ;
the world's longest single - span i
bridge will be the subject o£ an j
illustrated lecture to be given to
morrow at 4:15 o'clock in room 550 j
by Henry W. Troelsch, assistant en- !
gineer of the American Bridge j
company.
Universities in Japan have only 35 |
women students.
"The Fabrication and Erection" of ;
the world's longest single - span i
bridge will be the subject o£ an j
illustrated lecture to be given to
morrow at 4:15 o'clock in room 550 j
by Henry W. Troelsch, assistant en- !
gineer of the American Bridge j
company.
Universities in Japan have only 35 |
women students.
