# GOLFERS LEAVE FOR MELBOURNE
## 
### 

Craig Wood (left) and his bride, Jacqueline Valentine, New York
society girl and Ky Laffoon, are shown aboard the liner Mariposa as
they sailed for Australia from Los Angeles to enter the Centenary
tournament. (Associated Press Photo)

Craig Wood (left) and his bride, Jacqueline Valentine, New York
society girl and Ky Laffoon, are shown aboard the liner Mariposa as
they sailed for Australia from Los Angeles to enter the Centenary
tournament. (Associated Press Photo)

Craig Wood (left) and his bride, Jacqueline Valentine, New York
society girl and Ky Laffoon, are shown aboard the liner Mariposa as
they sailed for Australia from Los Angeles to enter the Centenary
tournament. (Associated Press Photo)

Craig Wood (left) and his bride, Jacqueline Valentine, New York
society girl and Ky Laffoon, are shown aboard the liner Mariposa as
they sailed for Australia from Los Angeles to enter the Centenary
tournament. (Associated Press Photo)

Craig Wood (left) and his bride, Jacqueline Valentine, New York
society girl and Ky Laffoon, are shown aboard the liner Mariposa as
they sailed for Australia from Los Angeles to enter the Centenary
tournament. (Associated Press Photo)

Craig Wood (left) and his bride, Jacqueline Valentine, New York
society girl and Ky Laffoon, are shown aboard the liner Mariposa as
they sailed for Australia from Los Angeles to enter the Centenary
tournament. (Associated Press Photo)

Craig Wood (left) and his bride, Jacqueline Valentine, New York
society girl and Ky Laffoon, are shown aboard the liner Mariposa as
they sailed for Australia from Los Angeles to enter the Centenary
tournament. (Associated Press Photo)

Craig Wood (left) and his bride, Jacqueline Valentine, New York
society girl and Ky Laffoon, are shown aboard the liner Mariposa as
they sailed for Australia from Los Angeles to enter the Centenary
tournament. (Associated Press Photo)

Craig Wood (left) and his bride, Jacqueline Valentine, New York
society girl and Ky Laffoon, are shown aboard the liner Mariposa as
they sailed for Australia from Los Angeles to enter the Centenary
tournament. (Associated Press Photo)

Craig Wood (left) and his bride, Jacqueline Valentine, New York
society girl and Ky Laffoon, are shown aboard the liner Mariposa as
they sailed for Australia from Los Angeles to enter the Centenary
tournament. (Associated Press Photo)

Craig Wood (left) and his bride, Jacqueline Valentine, New York
society girl and Ky Laffoon, are shown aboard the liner Mariposa as
they sailed for Australia from Los Angeles to enter the Centenary
tournament. (Associated Press Photo)

Craig Wood (left) and his bride, Jacqueline Valentine, New York
society girl and Ky Laffoon, are shown aboard the liner Mariposa as
they sailed for Australia from Los Angeles to enter the Centenary
tournament. (Associated Press Photo)

Craig Wood (left) and his bride, Jacqueline Valentine, New York
society girl and Ky Laffoon, are shown aboard the liner Mariposa as
they sailed for Australia from Los Angeles to enter the Centenary
tournament. (Associated Press Photo)

Craig Wood (left) and his bride, Jacqueline Valentine, New York
society girl and Ky Laffoon, are shown aboard the liner Mariposa as
they sailed for Australia from Los Angeles to enter the Centenary
tournament. (Associated Press Photo)

Craig Wood (left) and his bride, Jacqueline Valentine, New York
society girl and Ky Laffoon, are shown aboard the liner Mariposa as
they sailed for Australia from Los Angeles to enter the Centenary
tournament. (Associated Press Photo)
