# Kingsford-Smith Pacific Hop Delayed by Storms
## 
### 
SUVA, Fiji Islands, Oct. 22 (^P). —
With heavy rains continuing un
abated, Sir Charles Kingsford-Smith
late tonight postponed until Wednes
day noon (Tuesday, 3 p.m., our time)
the resumption of his transpacific
flight from Australia to California.
Albert Park, where he landed his
plane, Lady Southern Cross, Sunday
after a perilous 1760-mile flight.
SUVA, Fiji Islands, Oct. 22 (^P). —
With heavy rains continuing un
abated, Sir Charles Kingsford-Smith
late tonight postponed until Wednes
day noon (Tuesday, 3 p.m., our time)
the resumption of his transpacific
flight from Australia to California.
Albert Park, where he landed his
plane, Lady Southern Cross, Sunday
after a perilous 1760-mile flight.
SUVA, Fiji Islands, Oct. 22 (^P). —
With heavy rains continuing un
abated, Sir Charles Kingsford-Smith
late tonight postponed until Wednes
day noon (Tuesday, 3 p.m., our time)
the resumption of his transpacific
flight from Australia to California.
Albert Park, where he landed his
plane, Lady Southern Cross, Sunday
after a perilous 1760-mile flight.
SUVA, Fiji Islands, Oct. 22 (^P). —
With heavy rains continuing un
abated, Sir Charles Kingsford-Smith
late tonight postponed until Wednes
day noon (Tuesday, 3 p.m., our time)
the resumption of his transpacific
flight from Australia to California.
Albert Park, where he landed his
plane, Lady Southern Cross, Sunday
after a perilous 1760-mile flight.
SUVA, Fiji Islands, Oct. 22 (^P). —
With heavy rains continuing un
abated, Sir Charles Kingsford-Smith
late tonight postponed until Wednes
day noon (Tuesday, 3 p.m., our time)
the resumption of his transpacific
flight from Australia to California.
Albert Park, where he landed his
plane, Lady Southern Cross, Sunday
after a perilous 1760-mile flight.
SUVA, Fiji Islands, Oct. 22 (^P). —
With heavy rains continuing un
abated, Sir Charles Kingsford-Smith
late tonight postponed until Wednes
day noon (Tuesday, 3 p.m., our time)
the resumption of his transpacific
flight from Australia to California.
Albert Park, where he landed his
plane, Lady Southern Cross, Sunday
after a perilous 1760-mile flight.
SUVA, Fiji Islands, Oct. 22 (^P). —
With heavy rains continuing un
abated, Sir Charles Kingsford-Smith
late tonight postponed until Wednes
day noon (Tuesday, 3 p.m., our time)
the resumption of his transpacific
flight from Australia to California.
Albert Park, where he landed his
plane, Lady Southern Cross, Sunday
after a perilous 1760-mile flight.
SUVA, Fiji Islands, Oct. 22 (^P). —
With heavy rains continuing un
abated, Sir Charles Kingsford-Smith
late tonight postponed until Wednes
day noon (Tuesday, 3 p.m., our time)
the resumption of his transpacific
flight from Australia to California.
Albert Park, where he landed his
plane, Lady Southern Cross, Sunday
after a perilous 1760-mile flight.
SUVA, Fiji Islands, Oct. 22 (^P). —
With heavy rains continuing un
abated, Sir Charles Kingsford-Smith
late tonight postponed until Wednes
day noon (Tuesday, 3 p.m., our time)
the resumption of his transpacific
flight from Australia to California.
Albert Park, where he landed his
plane, Lady Southern Cross, Sunday
after a perilous 1760-mile flight.
SUVA, Fiji Islands, Oct. 22 (^P). —
With heavy rains continuing un
abated, Sir Charles Kingsford-Smith
late tonight postponed until Wednes
day noon (Tuesday, 3 p.m., our time)
the resumption of his transpacific
flight from Australia to California.
Albert Park, where he landed his
plane, Lady Southern Cross, Sunday
after a perilous 1760-mile flight.
SUVA, Fiji Islands, Oct. 22 (^P). —
With heavy rains continuing un
abated, Sir Charles Kingsford-Smith
late tonight postponed until Wednes
day noon (Tuesday, 3 p.m., our time)
the resumption of his transpacific
flight from Australia to California.
Albert Park, where he landed his
plane, Lady Southern Cross, Sunday
after a perilous 1760-mile flight.
SUVA, Fiji Islands, Oct. 22 (^P). —
With heavy rains continuing un
abated, Sir Charles Kingsford-Smith
late tonight postponed until Wednes
day noon (Tuesday, 3 p.m., our time)
the resumption of his transpacific
flight from Australia to California.
Albert Park, where he landed his
plane, Lady Southern Cross, Sunday
after a perilous 1760-mile flight.
SUVA, Fiji Islands, Oct. 22 (^P). —
With heavy rains continuing un
abated, Sir Charles Kingsford-Smith
late tonight postponed until Wednes
day noon (Tuesday, 3 p.m., our time)
the resumption of his transpacific
flight from Australia to California.
Albert Park, where he landed his
plane, Lady Southern Cross, Sunday
after a perilous 1760-mile flight.
SUVA, Fiji Islands, Oct. 22 (^P). —
With heavy rains continuing un
abated, Sir Charles Kingsford-Smith
late tonight postponed until Wednes
day noon (Tuesday, 3 p.m., our time)
the resumption of his transpacific
flight from Australia to California.
Albert Park, where he landed his
plane, Lady Southern Cross, Sunday
after a perilous 1760-mile flight.
SUVA, Fiji Islands, Oct. 22 (^P). —
With heavy rains continuing un
abated, Sir Charles Kingsford-Smith
late tonight postponed until Wednes
day noon (Tuesday, 3 p.m., our time)
the resumption of his transpacific
flight from Australia to California.
Albert Park, where he landed his
plane, Lady Southern Cross, Sunday
after a perilous 1760-mile flight.
