# FRENCH TABLE TOMORROW
## 
### 
All who are interested in French
conversation are invited by the
French Club to attend the French
table in the Union Alcove tomorrow
noon. The table is a weekly event.
All who are interested in French
conversation are invited by the
French Club to attend the French
table in the Union Alcove tomorrow
noon. The table is a weekly event.
All who are interested in French
conversation are invited by the
French Club to attend the French
table in the Union Alcove tomorrow
noon. The table is a weekly event.
All who are interested in French
conversation are invited by the
French Club to attend the French
table in the Union Alcove tomorrow
noon. The table is a weekly event.
All who are interested in French
conversation are invited by the
French Club to attend the French
table in the Union Alcove tomorrow
noon. The table is a weekly event.
All who are interested in French
conversation are invited by the
French Club to attend the French
table in the Union Alcove tomorrow
noon. The table is a weekly event.
All who are interested in French
conversation are invited by the
French Club to attend the French
table in the Union Alcove tomorrow
noon. The table is a weekly event.
All who are interested in French
conversation are invited by the
French Club to attend the French
table in the Union Alcove tomorrow
noon. The table is a weekly event.
All who are interested in French
conversation are invited by the
French Club to attend the French
table in the Union Alcove tomorrow
noon. The table is a weekly event.
All who are interested in French
conversation are invited by the
French Club to attend the French
table in the Union Alcove tomorrow
noon. The table is a weekly event.
All who are interested in French
conversation are invited by the
French Club to attend the French
table in the Union Alcove tomorrow
noon. The table is a weekly event.
All who are interested in French
conversation are invited by the
French Club to attend the French
table in the Union Alcove tomorrow
noon. The table is a weekly event.
All who are interested in French
conversation are invited by the
French Club to attend the French
table in the Union Alcove tomorrow
noon. The table is a weekly event.
All who are interested in French
conversation are invited by the
French Club to attend the French
table in the Union Alcove tomorrow
noon. The table is a weekly event.
All who are interested in French
conversation are invited by the
French Club to attend the French
table in the Union Alcove tomorrow
noon. The table is a weekly event.
