# FORMER ATHLETE IS MARRIED IN OREGON
## 
### 
The marriage of Sam Bellah, '12, to
Miss Livette Lathrop at Oswego Lake,
Oregon, has just, been announced.
Bellah graduated as a civil engineer
and was prominent in college athlet
ics. He was also a member of the
athletic team which brought home
honors to the United States and to
Stanford during their recent trip to
Sweden.
The marriage of Sam Bellah, '12, to
Miss Livette Lathrop at Oswego Lake,
Oregon, has just, been announced.
Bellah graduated as a civil engineer
and was prominent in college athlet
ics. He was also a member of the
athletic team which brought home
honors to the United States and to
Stanford during their recent trip to
Sweden.
The marriage of Sam Bellah, '12, to
Miss Livette Lathrop at Oswego Lake,
Oregon, has just, been announced.
Bellah graduated as a civil engineer
and was prominent in college athlet
ics. He was also a member of the
athletic team which brought home
honors to the United States and to
Stanford during their recent trip to
Sweden.
The marriage of Sam Bellah, '12, to
Miss Livette Lathrop at Oswego Lake,
Oregon, has just, been announced.
Bellah graduated as a civil engineer
and was prominent in college athlet
ics. He was also a member of the
athletic team which brought home
honors to the United States and to
Stanford during their recent trip to
Sweden.
The marriage of Sam Bellah, '12, to
Miss Livette Lathrop at Oswego Lake,
Oregon, has just, been announced.
Bellah graduated as a civil engineer
and was prominent in college athlet
ics. He was also a member of the
athletic team which brought home
honors to the United States and to
Stanford during their recent trip to
Sweden.
The marriage of Sam Bellah, '12, to
Miss Livette Lathrop at Oswego Lake,
Oregon, has just, been announced.
Bellah graduated as a civil engineer
and was prominent in college athlet
ics. He was also a member of the
athletic team which brought home
honors to the United States and to
Stanford during their recent trip to
Sweden.
The marriage of Sam Bellah, '12, to
Miss Livette Lathrop at Oswego Lake,
Oregon, has just, been announced.
Bellah graduated as a civil engineer
and was prominent in college athlet
ics. He was also a member of the
athletic team which brought home
honors to the United States and to
Stanford during their recent trip to
Sweden.
The marriage of Sam Bellah, '12, to
Miss Livette Lathrop at Oswego Lake,
Oregon, has just, been announced.
Bellah graduated as a civil engineer
and was prominent in college athlet
ics. He was also a member of the
athletic team which brought home
honors to the United States and to
Stanford during their recent trip to
Sweden.
The marriage of Sam Bellah, '12, to
Miss Livette Lathrop at Oswego Lake,
Oregon, has just, been announced.
Bellah graduated as a civil engineer
and was prominent in college athlet
ics. He was also a member of the
athletic team which brought home
honors to the United States and to
Stanford during their recent trip to
Sweden.
The marriage of Sam Bellah, '12, to
Miss Livette Lathrop at Oswego Lake,
Oregon, has just, been announced.
Bellah graduated as a civil engineer
and was prominent in college athlet
ics. He was also a member of the
athletic team which brought home
honors to the United States and to
Stanford during their recent trip to
Sweden.
The marriage of Sam Bellah, '12, to
Miss Livette Lathrop at Oswego Lake,
Oregon, has just, been announced.
Bellah graduated as a civil engineer
and was prominent in college athlet
ics. He was also a member of the
athletic team which brought home
honors to the United States and to
Stanford during their recent trip to
Sweden.
The marriage of Sam Bellah, '12, to
Miss Livette Lathrop at Oswego Lake,
Oregon, has just, been announced.
Bellah graduated as a civil engineer
and was prominent in college athlet
ics. He was also a member of the
athletic team which brought home
honors to the United States and to
Stanford during their recent trip to
Sweden.
The marriage of Sam Bellah, '12, to
Miss Livette Lathrop at Oswego Lake,
Oregon, has just, been announced.
Bellah graduated as a civil engineer
and was prominent in college athlet
ics. He was also a member of the
athletic team which brought home
honors to the United States and to
Stanford during their recent trip to
Sweden.
The marriage of Sam Bellah, '12, to
Miss Livette Lathrop at Oswego Lake,
Oregon, has just, been announced.
Bellah graduated as a civil engineer
and was prominent in college athlet
ics. He was also a member of the
athletic team which brought home
honors to the United States and to
Stanford during their recent trip to
Sweden.
The marriage of Sam Bellah, '12, to
Miss Livette Lathrop at Oswego Lake,
Oregon, has just, been announced.
Bellah graduated as a civil engineer
and was prominent in college athlet
ics. He was also a member of the
athletic team which brought home
honors to the United States and to
Stanford during their recent trip to
Sweden.
The marriage of Sam Bellah, '12, to
Miss Livette Lathrop at Oswego Lake,
Oregon, has just, been announced.
Bellah graduated as a civil engineer
and was prominent in college athlet
ics. He was also a member of the
athletic team which brought home
honors to the United States and to
Stanford during their recent trip to
Sweden.
