# PORTUGUESE CRITIC SPEAKS TOMORROW ON SOUTH AMERICA
## 
### 
Professor Fedelino Figuereido,
probably the best literary and his
torical critic in Portugal, according
to Professor Gilberto Freyre of the
history department, will speak in
Spanish on some phase of South
American culture at 4:15 o'clock to
morrow afternoon in the Little Thea
tre.
A member of the faculty of the
University of Madrid, Professor Fi
guereido is a visiting professor in
Portuguese civilization at the Uni
versity of California during the pres
ent semester.
He is the author of a great many
books which cover practically all
phases of Portuguese culture. His
most notable work is a series of
books on the different periods of the
history of Portuguese literature—the
classical, romantic and modern pe
riods.
Professor Fedelino Figuereido,
probably the best literary and his
torical critic in Portugal, according
to Professor Gilberto Freyre of the
history department, will speak in
Spanish on some phase of South
American culture at 4:15 o'clock to
morrow afternoon in the Little Thea
tre.
A member of the faculty of the
University of Madrid, Professor Fi
guereido is a visiting professor in
Portuguese civilization at the Uni
versity of California during the pres
ent semester.
He is the author of a great many
books which cover practically all
phases of Portuguese culture. His
most notable work is a series of
books on the different periods of the
history of Portuguese literature—the
classical, romantic and modern pe
riods.
Professor Fedelino Figuereido,
probably the best literary and his
torical critic in Portugal, according
to Professor Gilberto Freyre of the
history department, will speak in
Spanish on some phase of South
American culture at 4:15 o'clock to
morrow afternoon in the Little Thea
tre.
A member of the faculty of the
University of Madrid, Professor Fi
guereido is a visiting professor in
Portuguese civilization at the Uni
versity of California during the pres
ent semester.
He is the author of a great many
books which cover practically all
phases of Portuguese culture. His
most notable work is a series of
books on the different periods of the
history of Portuguese literature—the
classical, romantic and modern pe
riods.
Professor Fedelino Figuereido,
probably the best literary and his
torical critic in Portugal, according
to Professor Gilberto Freyre of the
history department, will speak in
Spanish on some phase of South
American culture at 4:15 o'clock to
morrow afternoon in the Little Thea
tre.
A member of the faculty of the
University of Madrid, Professor Fi
guereido is a visiting professor in
Portuguese civilization at the Uni
versity of California during the pres
ent semester.
He is the author of a great many
books which cover practically all
phases of Portuguese culture. His
most notable work is a series of
books on the different periods of the
history of Portuguese literature—the
classical, romantic and modern pe
riods.
Professor Fedelino Figuereido,
probably the best literary and his
torical critic in Portugal, according
to Professor Gilberto Freyre of the
history department, will speak in
Spanish on some phase of South
American culture at 4:15 o'clock to
morrow afternoon in the Little Thea
tre.
A member of the faculty of the
University of Madrid, Professor Fi
guereido is a visiting professor in
Portuguese civilization at the Uni
versity of California during the pres
ent semester.
He is the author of a great many
books which cover practically all
phases of Portuguese culture. His
most notable work is a series of
books on the different periods of the
history of Portuguese literature—the
classical, romantic and modern pe
riods.
Professor Fedelino Figuereido,
probably the best literary and his
torical critic in Portugal, according
to Professor Gilberto Freyre of the
history department, will speak in
Spanish on some phase of South
American culture at 4:15 o'clock to
morrow afternoon in the Little Thea
tre.
A member of the faculty of the
University of Madrid, Professor Fi
guereido is a visiting professor in
Portuguese civilization at the Uni
versity of California during the pres
ent semester.
He is the author of a great many
books which cover practically all
phases of Portuguese culture. His
most notable work is a series of
books on the different periods of the
history of Portuguese literature—the
classical, romantic and modern pe
riods.
Professor Fedelino Figuereido,
probably the best literary and his
torical critic in Portugal, according
to Professor Gilberto Freyre of the
history department, will speak in
Spanish on some phase of South
American culture at 4:15 o'clock to
morrow afternoon in the Little Thea
tre.
A member of the faculty of the
University of Madrid, Professor Fi
guereido is a visiting professor in
Portuguese civilization at the Uni
versity of California during the pres
ent semester.
He is the author of a great many
books which cover practically all
phases of Portuguese culture. His
most notable work is a series of
books on the different periods of the
history of Portuguese literature—the
classical, romantic and modern pe
riods.
Professor Fedelino Figuereido,
probably the best literary and his
torical critic in Portugal, according
to Professor Gilberto Freyre of the
history department, will speak in
Spanish on some phase of South
American culture at 4:15 o'clock to
morrow afternoon in the Little Thea
tre.
A member of the faculty of the
University of Madrid, Professor Fi
guereido is a visiting professor in
Portuguese civilization at the Uni
versity of California during the pres
ent semester.
He is the author of a great many
books which cover practically all
phases of Portuguese culture. His
most notable work is a series of
books on the different periods of the
history of Portuguese literature—the
classical, romantic and modern pe
riods.
Professor Fedelino Figuereido,
probably the best literary and his
torical critic in Portugal, according
to Professor Gilberto Freyre of the
history department, will speak in
Spanish on some phase of South
American culture at 4:15 o'clock to
morrow afternoon in the Little Thea
tre.
A member of the faculty of the
University of Madrid, Professor Fi
guereido is a visiting professor in
Portuguese civilization at the Uni
versity of California during the pres
ent semester.
He is the author of a great many
books which cover practically all
phases of Portuguese culture. His
most notable work is a series of
books on the different periods of the
history of Portuguese literature—the
classical, romantic and modern pe
riods.
Professor Fedelino Figuereido,
probably the best literary and his
torical critic in Portugal, according
to Professor Gilberto Freyre of the
history department, will speak in
Spanish on some phase of South
American culture at 4:15 o'clock to
morrow afternoon in the Little Thea
tre.
A member of the faculty of the
University of Madrid, Professor Fi
guereido is a visiting professor in
Portuguese civilization at the Uni
versity of California during the pres
ent semester.
He is the author of a great many
books which cover practically all
phases of Portuguese culture. His
most notable work is a series of
books on the different periods of the
history of Portuguese literature—the
classical, romantic and modern pe
riods.
Professor Fedelino Figuereido,
probably the best literary and his
torical critic in Portugal, according
to Professor Gilberto Freyre of the
history department, will speak in
Spanish on some phase of South
American culture at 4:15 o'clock to
morrow afternoon in the Little Thea
tre.
A member of the faculty of the
University of Madrid, Professor Fi
guereido is a visiting professor in
Portuguese civilization at the Uni
versity of California during the pres
ent semester.
He is the author of a great many
books which cover practically all
phases of Portuguese culture. His
most notable work is a series of
books on the different periods of the
history of Portuguese literature—the
classical, romantic and modern pe
riods.
Professor Fedelino Figuereido,
probably the best literary and his
torical critic in Portugal, according
to Professor Gilberto Freyre of the
history department, will speak in
Spanish on some phase of South
American culture at 4:15 o'clock to
morrow afternoon in the Little Thea
tre.
A member of the faculty of the
University of Madrid, Professor Fi
guereido is a visiting professor in
Portuguese civilization at the Uni
versity of California during the pres
ent semester.
He is the author of a great many
books which cover practically all
phases of Portuguese culture. His
most notable work is a series of
books on the different periods of the
history of Portuguese literature—the
classical, romantic and modern pe
riods.
Professor Fedelino Figuereido,
probably the best literary and his
torical critic in Portugal, according
to Professor Gilberto Freyre of the
history department, will speak in
Spanish on some phase of South
American culture at 4:15 o'clock to
morrow afternoon in the Little Thea
tre.
A member of the faculty of the
University of Madrid, Professor Fi
guereido is a visiting professor in
Portuguese civilization at the Uni
versity of California during the pres
ent semester.
He is the author of a great many
books which cover practically all
phases of Portuguese culture. His
most notable work is a series of
books on the different periods of the
history of Portuguese literature—the
classical, romantic and modern pe
riods.
Professor Fedelino Figuereido,
probably the best literary and his
torical critic in Portugal, according
to Professor Gilberto Freyre of the
history department, will speak in
Spanish on some phase of South
American culture at 4:15 o'clock to
morrow afternoon in the Little Thea
tre.
A member of the faculty of the
University of Madrid, Professor Fi
guereido is a visiting professor in
Portuguese civilization at the Uni
versity of California during the pres
ent semester.
He is the author of a great many
books which cover practically all
phases of Portuguese culture. His
most notable work is a series of
books on the different periods of the
history of Portuguese literature—the
classical, romantic and modern pe
riods.
Professor Fedelino Figuereido,
probably the best literary and his
torical critic in Portugal, according
to Professor Gilberto Freyre of the
history department, will speak in
Spanish on some phase of South
American culture at 4:15 o'clock to
morrow afternoon in the Little Thea
tre.
A member of the faculty of the
University of Madrid, Professor Fi
guereido is a visiting professor in
Portuguese civilization at the Uni
versity of California during the pres
ent semester.
He is the author of a great many
books which cover practically all
phases of Portuguese culture. His
most notable work is a series of
books on the different periods of the
history of Portuguese literature—the
classical, romantic and modern pe
riods.
