# Catching the short lines
## 
### 

It may seem that lines at the Stanford Post Office are always
long, but the statistics show otherwise. The post office is
busiest during lunch hour and in the late afternoon on most
days, and Monday and Friday are the busiest days overall.

It may seem that lines at the Stanford Post Office are always
long, but the statistics show otherwise. The post office is
busiest during lunch hour and in the late afternoon on most
days, and Monday and Friday are the busiest days overall.

It may seem that lines at the Stanford Post Office are always
long, but the statistics show otherwise. The post office is
busiest during lunch hour and in the late afternoon on most
days, and Monday and Friday are the busiest days overall.

It may seem that lines at the Stanford Post Office are always
long, but the statistics show otherwise. The post office is
busiest during lunch hour and in the late afternoon on most
days, and Monday and Friday are the busiest days overall.

It may seem that lines at the Stanford Post Office are always
long, but the statistics show otherwise. The post office is
busiest during lunch hour and in the late afternoon on most
days, and Monday and Friday are the busiest days overall.

It may seem that lines at the Stanford Post Office are always
long, but the statistics show otherwise. The post office is
busiest during lunch hour and in the late afternoon on most
days, and Monday and Friday are the busiest days overall.

It may seem that lines at the Stanford Post Office are always
long, but the statistics show otherwise. The post office is
busiest during lunch hour and in the late afternoon on most
days, and Monday and Friday are the busiest days overall.

It may seem that lines at the Stanford Post Office are always
long, but the statistics show otherwise. The post office is
busiest during lunch hour and in the late afternoon on most
days, and Monday and Friday are the busiest days overall.
