# PHILOLOGICAL GROUP ELECTS OFFICERS AT MEETING IN BERKELEY
## 
### 
Professor George Noyes of the Uni
versity of California was elected
president of the Philological Associa
tion of the Pacific Coast, succeeding
Professor Henry D. Gray of the Stan
ford University English department,
at the twenty-fifth annual meeting of
the association in Berkeley, Novem
ber 25 and 26.
The association chose Professor
Aurelio M. Espinosa of the Romanic
Languages department first vice
president. Arthur G. Kennedy, profes
sor of English Philology, and Ernest
W. Martin, professor of Classical
Literature, were electe dmembers of
the executive committee.
Professor George Noyes of the Uni
versity of California was elected
president of the Philological Associa
tion of the Pacific Coast, succeeding
Professor Henry D. Gray of the Stan
ford University English department,
at the twenty-fifth annual meeting of
the association in Berkeley, Novem
ber 25 and 26.
The association chose Professor
Aurelio M. Espinosa of the Romanic
Languages department first vice
president. Arthur G. Kennedy, profes
sor of English Philology, and Ernest
W. Martin, professor of Classical
Literature, were electe dmembers of
the executive committee.
Professor George Noyes of the Uni
versity of California was elected
president of the Philological Associa
tion of the Pacific Coast, succeeding
Professor Henry D. Gray of the Stan
ford University English department,
at the twenty-fifth annual meeting of
the association in Berkeley, Novem
ber 25 and 26.
The association chose Professor
Aurelio M. Espinosa of the Romanic
Languages department first vice
president. Arthur G. Kennedy, profes
sor of English Philology, and Ernest
W. Martin, professor of Classical
Literature, were electe dmembers of
the executive committee.
Professor George Noyes of the Uni
versity of California was elected
president of the Philological Associa
tion of the Pacific Coast, succeeding
Professor Henry D. Gray of the Stan
ford University English department,
at the twenty-fifth annual meeting of
the association in Berkeley, Novem
ber 25 and 26.
The association chose Professor
Aurelio M. Espinosa of the Romanic
Languages department first vice
president. Arthur G. Kennedy, profes
sor of English Philology, and Ernest
W. Martin, professor of Classical
Literature, were electe dmembers of
the executive committee.
Professor George Noyes of the Uni
versity of California was elected
president of the Philological Associa
tion of the Pacific Coast, succeeding
Professor Henry D. Gray of the Stan
ford University English department,
at the twenty-fifth annual meeting of
the association in Berkeley, Novem
ber 25 and 26.
The association chose Professor
Aurelio M. Espinosa of the Romanic
Languages department first vice
president. Arthur G. Kennedy, profes
sor of English Philology, and Ernest
W. Martin, professor of Classical
Literature, were electe dmembers of
the executive committee.
Professor George Noyes of the Uni
versity of California was elected
president of the Philological Associa
tion of the Pacific Coast, succeeding
Professor Henry D. Gray of the Stan
ford University English department,
at the twenty-fifth annual meeting of
the association in Berkeley, Novem
ber 25 and 26.
The association chose Professor
Aurelio M. Espinosa of the Romanic
Languages department first vice
president. Arthur G. Kennedy, profes
sor of English Philology, and Ernest
W. Martin, professor of Classical
Literature, were electe dmembers of
the executive committee.
Professor George Noyes of the Uni
versity of California was elected
president of the Philological Associa
tion of the Pacific Coast, succeeding
Professor Henry D. Gray of the Stan
ford University English department,
at the twenty-fifth annual meeting of
the association in Berkeley, Novem
ber 25 and 26.
The association chose Professor
Aurelio M. Espinosa of the Romanic
Languages department first vice
president. Arthur G. Kennedy, profes
sor of English Philology, and Ernest
W. Martin, professor of Classical
Literature, were electe dmembers of
the executive committee.
Professor George Noyes of the Uni
versity of California was elected
president of the Philological Associa
tion of the Pacific Coast, succeeding
Professor Henry D. Gray of the Stan
ford University English department,
at the twenty-fifth annual meeting of
the association in Berkeley, Novem
ber 25 and 26.
The association chose Professor
Aurelio M. Espinosa of the Romanic
Languages department first vice
president. Arthur G. Kennedy, profes
sor of English Philology, and Ernest
W. Martin, professor of Classical
Literature, were electe dmembers of
the executive committee.
Professor George Noyes of the Uni
versity of California was elected
president of the Philological Associa
tion of the Pacific Coast, succeeding
Professor Henry D. Gray of the Stan
ford University English department,
at the twenty-fifth annual meeting of
the association in Berkeley, Novem
ber 25 and 26.
The association chose Professor
Aurelio M. Espinosa of the Romanic
Languages department first vice
president. Arthur G. Kennedy, profes
sor of English Philology, and Ernest
W. Martin, professor of Classical
Literature, were electe dmembers of
the executive committee.
Professor George Noyes of the Uni
versity of California was elected
president of the Philological Associa
tion of the Pacific Coast, succeeding
Professor Henry D. Gray of the Stan
ford University English department,
at the twenty-fifth annual meeting of
the association in Berkeley, Novem
ber 25 and 26.
The association chose Professor
Aurelio M. Espinosa of the Romanic
Languages department first vice
president. Arthur G. Kennedy, profes
sor of English Philology, and Ernest
W. Martin, professor of Classical
Literature, were electe dmembers of
the executive committee.
Professor George Noyes of the Uni
versity of California was elected
president of the Philological Associa
tion of the Pacific Coast, succeeding
Professor Henry D. Gray of the Stan
ford University English department,
at the twenty-fifth annual meeting of
the association in Berkeley, Novem
ber 25 and 26.
The association chose Professor
Aurelio M. Espinosa of the Romanic
Languages department first vice
president. Arthur G. Kennedy, profes
sor of English Philology, and Ernest
W. Martin, professor of Classical
Literature, were electe dmembers of
the executive committee.
Professor George Noyes of the Uni
versity of California was elected
president of the Philological Associa
tion of the Pacific Coast, succeeding
Professor Henry D. Gray of the Stan
ford University English department,
at the twenty-fifth annual meeting of
the association in Berkeley, Novem
ber 25 and 26.
The association chose Professor
Aurelio M. Espinosa of the Romanic
Languages department first vice
president. Arthur G. Kennedy, profes
sor of English Philology, and Ernest
W. Martin, professor of Classical
Literature, were electe dmembers of
the executive committee.
Professor George Noyes of the Uni
versity of California was elected
president of the Philological Associa
tion of the Pacific Coast, succeeding
Professor Henry D. Gray of the Stan
ford University English department,
at the twenty-fifth annual meeting of
the association in Berkeley, Novem
ber 25 and 26.
The association chose Professor
Aurelio M. Espinosa of the Romanic
Languages department first vice
president. Arthur G. Kennedy, profes
sor of English Philology, and Ernest
W. Martin, professor of Classical
Literature, were electe dmembers of
the executive committee.
Professor George Noyes of the Uni
versity of California was elected
president of the Philological Associa
tion of the Pacific Coast, succeeding
Professor Henry D. Gray of the Stan
ford University English department,
at the twenty-fifth annual meeting of
the association in Berkeley, Novem
ber 25 and 26.
The association chose Professor
Aurelio M. Espinosa of the Romanic
Languages department first vice
president. Arthur G. Kennedy, profes
sor of English Philology, and Ernest
W. Martin, professor of Classical
Literature, were electe dmembers of
the executive committee.
Professor George Noyes of the Uni
versity of California was elected
president of the Philological Associa
tion of the Pacific Coast, succeeding
Professor Henry D. Gray of the Stan
ford University English department,
at the twenty-fifth annual meeting of
the association in Berkeley, Novem
ber 25 and 26.
The association chose Professor
Aurelio M. Espinosa of the Romanic
Languages department first vice
president. Arthur G. Kennedy, profes
sor of English Philology, and Ernest
W. Martin, professor of Classical
Literature, were electe dmembers of
the executive committee.
