# Untitled Article
## 
### 
U.C.L.A. has instituted a "channel
swimming" contest. Each contestant
must swim for twenty minutes, three
times a week, marking his own laps
on a scoreboard.
U.C.L.A. has instituted a "channel
swimming" contest. Each contestant
must swim for twenty minutes, three
times a week, marking his own laps
on a scoreboard.
U.C.L.A. has instituted a "channel
swimming" contest. Each contestant
must swim for twenty minutes, three
times a week, marking his own laps
on a scoreboard.
U.C.L.A. has instituted a "channel
swimming" contest. Each contestant
must swim for twenty minutes, three
times a week, marking his own laps
on a scoreboard.
U.C.L.A. has instituted a "channel
swimming" contest. Each contestant
must swim for twenty minutes, three
times a week, marking his own laps
on a scoreboard.
U.C.L.A. has instituted a "channel
swimming" contest. Each contestant
must swim for twenty minutes, three
times a week, marking his own laps
on a scoreboard.
U.C.L.A. has instituted a "channel
swimming" contest. Each contestant
must swim for twenty minutes, three
times a week, marking his own laps
on a scoreboard.
U.C.L.A. has instituted a "channel
swimming" contest. Each contestant
must swim for twenty minutes, three
times a week, marking his own laps
on a scoreboard.
U.C.L.A. has instituted a "channel
swimming" contest. Each contestant
must swim for twenty minutes, three
times a week, marking his own laps
on a scoreboard.
U.C.L.A. has instituted a "channel
swimming" contest. Each contestant
must swim for twenty minutes, three
times a week, marking his own laps
on a scoreboard.
U.C.L.A. has instituted a "channel
swimming" contest. Each contestant
must swim for twenty minutes, three
times a week, marking his own laps
on a scoreboard.
U.C.L.A. has instituted a "channel
swimming" contest. Each contestant
must swim for twenty minutes, three
times a week, marking his own laps
on a scoreboard.
U.C.L.A. has instituted a "channel
swimming" contest. Each contestant
must swim for twenty minutes, three
times a week, marking his own laps
on a scoreboard.
U.C.L.A. has instituted a "channel
swimming" contest. Each contestant
must swim for twenty minutes, three
times a week, marking his own laps
on a scoreboard.
U.C.L.A. has instituted a "channel
swimming" contest. Each contestant
must swim for twenty minutes, three
times a week, marking his own laps
on a scoreboard.
