# HOOVER WAR LIBRARY RECEIVES COLLECTION OF RUMANIAN BOOKS
## 
### 
Rumanian books and publications
dealing with financial, agricultural,
and economic reports and statistics
of the country compiled within the
last decade, have been received by
the Hoover War Library. The collec
tion contains more tlftin a hundred
such publications, the majority being
books or bulletins published by the
different ministries.
The publication list includes the
Parliamentary debates of Rumania
between 1914 and 192G, a complete
economic Rumanian bibliography from
1921 to October 192G, the Statistical
Yearbook for 1925, Bulletin of the
Bucharest Chamber of Commerce and
Industry, and the Bulletin of the Min
istry of Public Health and Social Wel
fare.
Books include "The Minority Ques
tion in Transylvania" by the Govern
ment Press, "Rumania and Her Reli
gious Minorities" by Henrietta M.
Tichner, "Questions of the Frontiers
of the Banat" by I. G. Duca, and "My
Note Book on Rumania" by Lady
Hamilton Zay.
