# Between Halves
## 
### 
"Mugs" Mitchell, fiery captain aud
running guard on the 1926 basketball
squad is proving himself the most
valuable man on the team. He came to
Stanford with a football reputation
earned at Berkeley where he never
played basketball. He has fitted into
the running guard job nicely and
through his opponents' defense with
great speed and is an accurate passer.
"Mugs" Mitchell, fiery captain aud
running guard on the 1926 basketball
squad is proving himself the most
valuable man on the team. He came to
Stanford with a football reputation
earned at Berkeley where he never
played basketball. He has fitted into
the running guard job nicely and
through his opponents' defense with
great speed and is an accurate passer.
"Mugs" Mitchell, fiery captain aud
running guard on the 1926 basketball
squad is proving himself the most
valuable man on the team. He came to
Stanford with a football reputation
earned at Berkeley where he never
played basketball. He has fitted into
the running guard job nicely and
through his opponents' defense with
great speed and is an accurate passer.
"Mugs" Mitchell, fiery captain aud
running guard on the 1926 basketball
squad is proving himself the most
valuable man on the team. He came to
Stanford with a football reputation
earned at Berkeley where he never
played basketball. He has fitted into
the running guard job nicely and
through his opponents' defense with
great speed and is an accurate passer.
"Mugs" Mitchell, fiery captain aud
running guard on the 1926 basketball
squad is proving himself the most
valuable man on the team. He came to
Stanford with a football reputation
earned at Berkeley where he never
played basketball. He has fitted into
the running guard job nicely and
through his opponents' defense with
great speed and is an accurate passer.
"Mugs" Mitchell, fiery captain aud
running guard on the 1926 basketball
squad is proving himself the most
valuable man on the team. He came to
Stanford with a football reputation
earned at Berkeley where he never
played basketball. He has fitted into
the running guard job nicely and
through his opponents' defense with
great speed and is an accurate passer.
"Mugs" Mitchell, fiery captain aud
running guard on the 1926 basketball
squad is proving himself the most
valuable man on the team. He came to
Stanford with a football reputation
earned at Berkeley where he never
played basketball. He has fitted into
the running guard job nicely and
through his opponents' defense with
great speed and is an accurate passer.
"Mugs" Mitchell, fiery captain aud
running guard on the 1926 basketball
squad is proving himself the most
valuable man on the team. He came to
Stanford with a football reputation
earned at Berkeley where he never
played basketball. He has fitted into
the running guard job nicely and
through his opponents' defense with
great speed and is an accurate passer.
"Mugs" Mitchell, fiery captain aud
running guard on the 1926 basketball
squad is proving himself the most
valuable man on the team. He came to
Stanford with a football reputation
earned at Berkeley where he never
played basketball. He has fitted into
the running guard job nicely and
through his opponents' defense with
great speed and is an accurate passer.
"Mugs" Mitchell, fiery captain aud
running guard on the 1926 basketball
squad is proving himself the most
valuable man on the team. He came to
Stanford with a football reputation
earned at Berkeley where he never
played basketball. He has fitted into
the running guard job nicely and
through his opponents' defense with
great speed and is an accurate passer.
"Mugs" Mitchell, fiery captain aud
running guard on the 1926 basketball
squad is proving himself the most
valuable man on the team. He came to
Stanford with a football reputation
earned at Berkeley where he never
played basketball. He has fitted into
the running guard job nicely and
through his opponents' defense with
great speed and is an accurate passer.
"Mugs" Mitchell, fiery captain aud
running guard on the 1926 basketball
squad is proving himself the most
valuable man on the team. He came to
Stanford with a football reputation
earned at Berkeley where he never
played basketball. He has fitted into
the running guard job nicely and
through his opponents' defense with
great speed and is an accurate passer.
"Mugs" Mitchell, fiery captain aud
running guard on the 1926 basketball
squad is proving himself the most
valuable man on the team. He came to
Stanford with a football reputation
earned at Berkeley where he never
played basketball. He has fitted into
the running guard job nicely and
through his opponents' defense with
great speed and is an accurate passer.
"Mugs" Mitchell, fiery captain aud
running guard on the 1926 basketball
squad is proving himself the most
valuable man on the team. He came to
Stanford with a football reputation
earned at Berkeley where he never
played basketball. He has fitted into
the running guard job nicely and
through his opponents' defense with
great speed and is an accurate passer.
"Mugs" Mitchell, fiery captain aud
running guard on the 1926 basketball
squad is proving himself the most
valuable man on the team. He came to
Stanford with a football reputation
earned at Berkeley where he never
played basketball. He has fitted into
the running guard job nicely and
through his opponents' defense with
great speed and is an accurate passer.
