# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Dario Resta, Italian speed king, who
captured all American racing events in
1915 and 1916, has returned to the game
as a member of Cliff Durant's team.
Dario Resta, Italian speed king, who
captured all American racing events in
1915 and 1916, has returned to the game
as a member of Cliff Durant's team.
Dario Resta, Italian speed king, who
captured all American racing events in
1915 and 1916, has returned to the game
as a member of Cliff Durant's team.
Dario Resta, Italian speed king, who
captured all American racing events in
1915 and 1916, has returned to the game
as a member of Cliff Durant's team.
Dario Resta, Italian speed king, who
captured all American racing events in
1915 and 1916, has returned to the game
as a member of Cliff Durant's team.
Dario Resta, Italian speed king, who
captured all American racing events in
1915 and 1916, has returned to the game
as a member of Cliff Durant's team.
Dario Resta, Italian speed king, who
captured all American racing events in
1915 and 1916, has returned to the game
as a member of Cliff Durant's team.
Dario Resta, Italian speed king, who
captured all American racing events in
1915 and 1916, has returned to the game
as a member of Cliff Durant's team.
Dario Resta, Italian speed king, who
captured all American racing events in
1915 and 1916, has returned to the game
as a member of Cliff Durant's team.
Dario Resta, Italian speed king, who
captured all American racing events in
1915 and 1916, has returned to the game
as a member of Cliff Durant's team.
Dario Resta, Italian speed king, who
captured all American racing events in
1915 and 1916, has returned to the game
as a member of Cliff Durant's team.
Dario Resta, Italian speed king, who
captured all American racing events in
1915 and 1916, has returned to the game
as a member of Cliff Durant's team.
Dario Resta, Italian speed king, who
captured all American racing events in
1915 and 1916, has returned to the game
as a member of Cliff Durant's team.
Dario Resta, Italian speed king, who
captured all American racing events in
1915 and 1916, has returned to the game
as a member of Cliff Durant's team.
Dario Resta, Italian speed king, who
captured all American racing events in
1915 and 1916, has returned to the game
as a member of Cliff Durant's team.
