# IN OTHER UNIVERSITIES
## ARTISTIC WASHINGTON BURGLARS TAKE ROSES 
### 
UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON—
Thieves at the University of Washing
ton are of a nature-loving disposition,
according to the choice they make of
articles which appeal to their light
fingered tendencies. Forty rose bushes
are the latest plunder of the buccaneer
gentry, and honest cottagers who
beautify their premises with roses in
the near future will be under suspi
cion. The theft of several overcoats
shows that the pirates are not without
a practical side.
UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON—
Thieves at the University of Washing
ton are of a nature-loving disposition,
according to the choice they make of
articles which appeal to their light
fingered tendencies. Forty rose bushes
are the latest plunder of the buccaneer
gentry, and honest cottagers who
beautify their premises with roses in
the near future will be under suspi
cion. The theft of several overcoats
shows that the pirates are not without
a practical side.
UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON—
Thieves at the University of Washing
ton are of a nature-loving disposition,
according to the choice they make of
articles which appeal to their light
fingered tendencies. Forty rose bushes
are the latest plunder of the buccaneer
gentry, and honest cottagers who
beautify their premises with roses in
the near future will be under suspi
cion. The theft of several overcoats
shows that the pirates are not without
a practical side.
UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON—
Thieves at the University of Washing
ton are of a nature-loving disposition,
according to the choice they make of
articles which appeal to their light
fingered tendencies. Forty rose bushes
are the latest plunder of the buccaneer
gentry, and honest cottagers who
beautify their premises with roses in
the near future will be under suspi
cion. The theft of several overcoats
shows that the pirates are not without
a practical side.
UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON—
Thieves at the University of Washing
ton are of a nature-loving disposition,
according to the choice they make of
articles which appeal to their light
fingered tendencies. Forty rose bushes
are the latest plunder of the buccaneer
gentry, and honest cottagers who
beautify their premises with roses in
the near future will be under suspi
cion. The theft of several overcoats
shows that the pirates are not without
a practical side.
UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON—
Thieves at the University of Washing
ton are of a nature-loving disposition,
according to the choice they make of
articles which appeal to their light
fingered tendencies. Forty rose bushes
are the latest plunder of the buccaneer
gentry, and honest cottagers who
beautify their premises with roses in
the near future will be under suspi
cion. The theft of several overcoats
shows that the pirates are not without
a practical side.
UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON—
Thieves at the University of Washing
ton are of a nature-loving disposition,
according to the choice they make of
articles which appeal to their light
fingered tendencies. Forty rose bushes
are the latest plunder of the buccaneer
gentry, and honest cottagers who
beautify their premises with roses in
the near future will be under suspi
cion. The theft of several overcoats
shows that the pirates are not without
a practical side.
UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON—
Thieves at the University of Washing
ton are of a nature-loving disposition,
according to the choice they make of
articles which appeal to their light
fingered tendencies. Forty rose bushes
are the latest plunder of the buccaneer
gentry, and honest cottagers who
beautify their premises with roses in
the near future will be under suspi
cion. The theft of several overcoats
shows that the pirates are not without
a practical side.
UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON—
Thieves at the University of Washing
ton are of a nature-loving disposition,
according to the choice they make of
articles which appeal to their light
fingered tendencies. Forty rose bushes
are the latest plunder of the buccaneer
gentry, and honest cottagers who
beautify their premises with roses in
the near future will be under suspi
cion. The theft of several overcoats
shows that the pirates are not without
a practical side.
UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON—
Thieves at the University of Washing
ton are of a nature-loving disposition,
according to the choice they make of
articles which appeal to their light
fingered tendencies. Forty rose bushes
are the latest plunder of the buccaneer
gentry, and honest cottagers who
beautify their premises with roses in
the near future will be under suspi
cion. The theft of several overcoats
shows that the pirates are not without
a practical side.
UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON—
Thieves at the University of Washing
ton are of a nature-loving disposition,
according to the choice they make of
articles which appeal to their light
fingered tendencies. Forty rose bushes
are the latest plunder of the buccaneer
gentry, and honest cottagers who
beautify their premises with roses in
the near future will be under suspi
cion. The theft of several overcoats
shows that the pirates are not without
a practical side.
UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON—
Thieves at the University of Washing
ton are of a nature-loving disposition,
according to the choice they make of
articles which appeal to their light
fingered tendencies. Forty rose bushes
are the latest plunder of the buccaneer
gentry, and honest cottagers who
beautify their premises with roses in
the near future will be under suspi
cion. The theft of several overcoats
shows that the pirates are not without
a practical side.
UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON—
Thieves at the University of Washing
ton are of a nature-loving disposition,
according to the choice they make of
articles which appeal to their light
fingered tendencies. Forty rose bushes
are the latest plunder of the buccaneer
gentry, and honest cottagers who
beautify their premises with roses in
the near future will be under suspi
cion. The theft of several overcoats
shows that the pirates are not without
a practical side.
UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON—
Thieves at the University of Washing
ton are of a nature-loving disposition,
according to the choice they make of
articles which appeal to their light
fingered tendencies. Forty rose bushes
are the latest plunder of the buccaneer
gentry, and honest cottagers who
beautify their premises with roses in
the near future will be under suspi
cion. The theft of several overcoats
shows that the pirates are not without
a practical side.
UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON—
Thieves at the University of Washing
ton are of a nature-loving disposition,
according to the choice they make of
articles which appeal to their light
fingered tendencies. Forty rose bushes
are the latest plunder of the buccaneer
gentry, and honest cottagers who
beautify their premises with roses in
the near future will be under suspi
cion. The theft of several overcoats
shows that the pirates are not without
a practical side.
