# GRADUATE MANAGER SPEAKS AT BANQUET
## 
### 
Paul Davis, graduate manager of
athletics, gave an address Tuesday
night in San Francisco at a banquet
given in honor of Alonzo A. Stagg,
coach of the University of Chicago
football team.
Stagg is one of the foremost coaches
in the country. Since he first went to
Chicago to take charge of athletics
there, he has done much to improve
and increase the welfare of intercolle
giate port. At the present time Stagg
is making a tour of the Pacific Coast
and is lecturing in several cities/
Paul Davis, graduate manager of
athletics, gave an address Tuesday
night in San Francisco at a banquet
given in honor of Alonzo A. Stagg,
coach of the University of Chicago
football team.
Stagg is one of the foremost coaches
in the country. Since he first went to
Chicago to take charge of athletics
there, he has done much to improve
and increase the welfare of intercolle
giate port. At the present time Stagg
is making a tour of the Pacific Coast
and is lecturing in several cities/
Paul Davis, graduate manager of
athletics, gave an address Tuesday
night in San Francisco at a banquet
given in honor of Alonzo A. Stagg,
coach of the University of Chicago
football team.
Stagg is one of the foremost coaches
in the country. Since he first went to
Chicago to take charge of athletics
there, he has done much to improve
and increase the welfare of intercolle
giate port. At the present time Stagg
is making a tour of the Pacific Coast
and is lecturing in several cities/
Paul Davis, graduate manager of
athletics, gave an address Tuesday
night in San Francisco at a banquet
given in honor of Alonzo A. Stagg,
coach of the University of Chicago
football team.
Stagg is one of the foremost coaches
in the country. Since he first went to
Chicago to take charge of athletics
there, he has done much to improve
and increase the welfare of intercolle
giate port. At the present time Stagg
is making a tour of the Pacific Coast
and is lecturing in several cities/
Paul Davis, graduate manager of
athletics, gave an address Tuesday
night in San Francisco at a banquet
given in honor of Alonzo A. Stagg,
coach of the University of Chicago
football team.
Stagg is one of the foremost coaches
in the country. Since he first went to
Chicago to take charge of athletics
there, he has done much to improve
and increase the welfare of intercolle
giate port. At the present time Stagg
is making a tour of the Pacific Coast
and is lecturing in several cities/
Paul Davis, graduate manager of
athletics, gave an address Tuesday
night in San Francisco at a banquet
given in honor of Alonzo A. Stagg,
coach of the University of Chicago
football team.
Stagg is one of the foremost coaches
in the country. Since he first went to
Chicago to take charge of athletics
there, he has done much to improve
and increase the welfare of intercolle
giate port. At the present time Stagg
is making a tour of the Pacific Coast
and is lecturing in several cities/
Paul Davis, graduate manager of
athletics, gave an address Tuesday
night in San Francisco at a banquet
given in honor of Alonzo A. Stagg,
coach of the University of Chicago
football team.
Stagg is one of the foremost coaches
in the country. Since he first went to
Chicago to take charge of athletics
there, he has done much to improve
and increase the welfare of intercolle
giate port. At the present time Stagg
is making a tour of the Pacific Coast
and is lecturing in several cities/
Paul Davis, graduate manager of
athletics, gave an address Tuesday
night in San Francisco at a banquet
given in honor of Alonzo A. Stagg,
coach of the University of Chicago
football team.
Stagg is one of the foremost coaches
in the country. Since he first went to
Chicago to take charge of athletics
there, he has done much to improve
and increase the welfare of intercolle
giate port. At the present time Stagg
is making a tour of the Pacific Coast
and is lecturing in several cities/
Paul Davis, graduate manager of
athletics, gave an address Tuesday
night in San Francisco at a banquet
given in honor of Alonzo A. Stagg,
coach of the University of Chicago
football team.
Stagg is one of the foremost coaches
in the country. Since he first went to
Chicago to take charge of athletics
there, he has done much to improve
and increase the welfare of intercolle
giate port. At the present time Stagg
is making a tour of the Pacific Coast
and is lecturing in several cities/
Paul Davis, graduate manager of
athletics, gave an address Tuesday
night in San Francisco at a banquet
given in honor of Alonzo A. Stagg,
coach of the University of Chicago
football team.
Stagg is one of the foremost coaches
in the country. Since he first went to
Chicago to take charge of athletics
there, he has done much to improve
and increase the welfare of intercolle
giate port. At the present time Stagg
is making a tour of the Pacific Coast
and is lecturing in several cities/
Paul Davis, graduate manager of
athletics, gave an address Tuesday
night in San Francisco at a banquet
given in honor of Alonzo A. Stagg,
coach of the University of Chicago
football team.
Stagg is one of the foremost coaches
in the country. Since he first went to
Chicago to take charge of athletics
there, he has done much to improve
and increase the welfare of intercolle
giate port. At the present time Stagg
is making a tour of the Pacific Coast
and is lecturing in several cities/
Paul Davis, graduate manager of
athletics, gave an address Tuesday
night in San Francisco at a banquet
given in honor of Alonzo A. Stagg,
coach of the University of Chicago
football team.
Stagg is one of the foremost coaches
in the country. Since he first went to
Chicago to take charge of athletics
there, he has done much to improve
and increase the welfare of intercolle
giate port. At the present time Stagg
is making a tour of the Pacific Coast
and is lecturing in several cities/
Paul Davis, graduate manager of
athletics, gave an address Tuesday
night in San Francisco at a banquet
given in honor of Alonzo A. Stagg,
coach of the University of Chicago
football team.
Stagg is one of the foremost coaches
in the country. Since he first went to
Chicago to take charge of athletics
there, he has done much to improve
and increase the welfare of intercolle
giate port. At the present time Stagg
is making a tour of the Pacific Coast
and is lecturing in several cities/
Paul Davis, graduate manager of
athletics, gave an address Tuesday
night in San Francisco at a banquet
given in honor of Alonzo A. Stagg,
coach of the University of Chicago
football team.
Stagg is one of the foremost coaches
in the country. Since he first went to
Chicago to take charge of athletics
there, he has done much to improve
and increase the welfare of intercolle
giate port. At the present time Stagg
is making a tour of the Pacific Coast
and is lecturing in several cities/
Paul Davis, graduate manager of
athletics, gave an address Tuesday
night in San Francisco at a banquet
given in honor of Alonzo A. Stagg,
coach of the University of Chicago
football team.
Stagg is one of the foremost coaches
in the country. Since he first went to
Chicago to take charge of athletics
there, he has done much to improve
and increase the welfare of intercolle
giate port. At the present time Stagg
is making a tour of the Pacific Coast
and is lecturing in several cities/
