# Adv. 8 Page 2
## 
### 
At the Big Game ft
and that night, next to
being Proud of the ?T iMp
Varsity, you'll be vain | vj
about your new shoes JUi r
from Ed Zwierlein's. jggffi
\
triERLEIN'S
Wa//c~Ou<?r y
BOOT SHOP
171 University Ave.
At the Big Game ft
and that night, next to
being Proud of the ?T iMp
Varsity, you'll be vain | vj
about your new shoes JUi r
from Ed Zwierlein's. jggffi
\
triERLEIN'S
Wa//c~Ou<?r y
BOOT SHOP
171 University Ave.
At the Big Game ft
and that night, next to
being Proud of the ?T iMp
Varsity, you'll be vain | vj
about your new shoes JUi r
from Ed Zwierlein's. jggffi
\
triERLEIN'S
Wa//c~Ou<?r y
BOOT SHOP
171 University Ave.
At the Big Game ft
and that night, next to
being Proud of the ?T iMp
Varsity, you'll be vain | vj
about your new shoes JUi r
from Ed Zwierlein's. jggffi
\
triERLEIN'S
Wa//c~Ou<?r y
BOOT SHOP
171 University Ave.
At the Big Game ft
and that night, next to
being Proud of the ?T iMp
Varsity, you'll be vain | vj
about your new shoes JUi r
from Ed Zwierlein's. jggffi
\
triERLEIN'S
Wa//c~Ou<?r y
BOOT SHOP
171 University Ave.
At the Big Game ft
and that night, next to
being Proud of the ?T iMp
Varsity, you'll be vain | vj
about your new shoes JUi r
from Ed Zwierlein's. jggffi
\
triERLEIN'S
Wa//c~Ou<?r y
BOOT SHOP
171 University Ave.
At the Big Game ft
and that night, next to
being Proud of the ?T iMp
Varsity, you'll be vain | vj
about your new shoes JUi r
from Ed Zwierlein's. jggffi
\
triERLEIN'S
Wa//c~Ou<?r y
BOOT SHOP
171 University Ave.
At the Big Game ft
and that night, next to
being Proud of the ?T iMp
Varsity, you'll be vain | vj
about your new shoes JUi r
from Ed Zwierlein's. jggffi
\
triERLEIN'S
Wa//c~Ou<?r y
BOOT SHOP
171 University Ave.
At the Big Game ft
and that night, next to
being Proud of the ?T iMp
Varsity, you'll be vain | vj
about your new shoes JUi r
from Ed Zwierlein's. jggffi
\
triERLEIN'S
Wa//c~Ou<?r y
BOOT SHOP
171 University Ave.
At the Big Game ft
and that night, next to
being Proud of the ?T iMp
Varsity, you'll be vain | vj
about your new shoes JUi r
from Ed Zwierlein's. jggffi
\
triERLEIN'S
Wa//c~Ou<?r y
BOOT SHOP
171 University Ave.
At the Big Game ft
and that night, next to
being Proud of the ?T iMp
Varsity, you'll be vain | vj
about your new shoes JUi r
from Ed Zwierlein's. jggffi
\
triERLEIN'S
Wa//c~Ou<?r y
BOOT SHOP
171 University Ave.
At the Big Game ft
and that night, next to
being Proud of the ?T iMp
Varsity, you'll be vain | vj
about your new shoes JUi r
from Ed Zwierlein's. jggffi
\
triERLEIN'S
Wa//c~Ou<?r y
BOOT SHOP
171 University Ave.
At the Big Game ft
and that night, next to
being Proud of the ?T iMp
Varsity, you'll be vain | vj
about your new shoes JUi r
from Ed Zwierlein's. jggffi
\
triERLEIN'S
Wa//c~Ou<?r y
BOOT SHOP
171 University Ave.
At the Big Game ft
and that night, next to
being Proud of the ?T iMp
Varsity, you'll be vain | vj
about your new shoes JUi r
from Ed Zwierlein's. jggffi
\
triERLEIN'S
Wa//c~Ou<?r y
BOOT SHOP
171 University Ave.
At the Big Game ft
and that night, next to
being Proud of the ?T iMp
Varsity, you'll be vain | vj
about your new shoes JUi r
from Ed Zwierlein's. jggffi
\
triERLEIN'S
Wa//c~Ou<?r y
BOOT SHOP
171 University Ave.
