# TWENTY YEARS AGO
## 
### 
An enthusiastic rally on the old base
ball diamond tomorrow evening will
bring the successful season of 1905 to
a fitting dose. This will be a celebra
tion of Stanford's victory in the Big
Game last Saturday and the men who
won the game will be the guests of
honor. An immense bonfire will be
built, for which the freshmen of the
University are expected to furnish
material.
An enthusiastic rally on the old base
ball diamond tomorrow evening will
bring the successful season of 1905 to
a fitting dose. This will be a celebra
tion of Stanford's victory in the Big
Game last Saturday and the men who
won the game will be the guests of
honor. An immense bonfire will be
built, for which the freshmen of the
University are expected to furnish
material.
An enthusiastic rally on the old base
ball diamond tomorrow evening will
bring the successful season of 1905 to
a fitting dose. This will be a celebra
tion of Stanford's victory in the Big
Game last Saturday and the men who
won the game will be the guests of
honor. An immense bonfire will be
built, for which the freshmen of the
University are expected to furnish
material.
An enthusiastic rally on the old base
ball diamond tomorrow evening will
bring the successful season of 1905 to
a fitting dose. This will be a celebra
tion of Stanford's victory in the Big
Game last Saturday and the men who
won the game will be the guests of
honor. An immense bonfire will be
built, for which the freshmen of the
University are expected to furnish
material.
An enthusiastic rally on the old base
ball diamond tomorrow evening will
bring the successful season of 1905 to
a fitting dose. This will be a celebra
tion of Stanford's victory in the Big
Game last Saturday and the men who
won the game will be the guests of
honor. An immense bonfire will be
built, for which the freshmen of the
University are expected to furnish
material.
An enthusiastic rally on the old base
ball diamond tomorrow evening will
bring the successful season of 1905 to
a fitting dose. This will be a celebra
tion of Stanford's victory in the Big
Game last Saturday and the men who
won the game will be the guests of
honor. An immense bonfire will be
built, for which the freshmen of the
University are expected to furnish
material.
An enthusiastic rally on the old base
ball diamond tomorrow evening will
bring the successful season of 1905 to
a fitting dose. This will be a celebra
tion of Stanford's victory in the Big
Game last Saturday and the men who
won the game will be the guests of
honor. An immense bonfire will be
built, for which the freshmen of the
University are expected to furnish
material.
An enthusiastic rally on the old base
ball diamond tomorrow evening will
bring the successful season of 1905 to
a fitting dose. This will be a celebra
tion of Stanford's victory in the Big
Game last Saturday and the men who
won the game will be the guests of
honor. An immense bonfire will be
built, for which the freshmen of the
University are expected to furnish
material.
An enthusiastic rally on the old base
ball diamond tomorrow evening will
bring the successful season of 1905 to
a fitting dose. This will be a celebra
tion of Stanford's victory in the Big
Game last Saturday and the men who
won the game will be the guests of
honor. An immense bonfire will be
built, for which the freshmen of the
University are expected to furnish
material.
An enthusiastic rally on the old base
ball diamond tomorrow evening will
bring the successful season of 1905 to
a fitting dose. This will be a celebra
tion of Stanford's victory in the Big
Game last Saturday and the men who
won the game will be the guests of
honor. An immense bonfire will be
built, for which the freshmen of the
University are expected to furnish
material.
An enthusiastic rally on the old base
ball diamond tomorrow evening will
bring the successful season of 1905 to
a fitting dose. This will be a celebra
tion of Stanford's victory in the Big
Game last Saturday and the men who
won the game will be the guests of
honor. An immense bonfire will be
built, for which the freshmen of the
University are expected to furnish
material.
An enthusiastic rally on the old base
ball diamond tomorrow evening will
bring the successful season of 1905 to
a fitting dose. This will be a celebra
tion of Stanford's victory in the Big
Game last Saturday and the men who
won the game will be the guests of
honor. An immense bonfire will be
built, for which the freshmen of the
University are expected to furnish
material.
An enthusiastic rally on the old base
ball diamond tomorrow evening will
bring the successful season of 1905 to
a fitting dose. This will be a celebra
tion of Stanford's victory in the Big
Game last Saturday and the men who
won the game will be the guests of
honor. An immense bonfire will be
built, for which the freshmen of the
University are expected to furnish
material.
An enthusiastic rally on the old base
ball diamond tomorrow evening will
bring the successful season of 1905 to
a fitting dose. This will be a celebra
tion of Stanford's victory in the Big
Game last Saturday and the men who
won the game will be the guests of
honor. An immense bonfire will be
built, for which the freshmen of the
University are expected to furnish
material.
An enthusiastic rally on the old base
ball diamond tomorrow evening will
bring the successful season of 1905 to
a fitting dose. This will be a celebra
tion of Stanford's victory in the Big
Game last Saturday and the men who
won the game will be the guests of
honor. An immense bonfire will be
built, for which the freshmen of the
University are expected to furnish
material.
