# FORMULATES PACT
## 
### 
President Glenn Frank of the Uni
versity of Wisconsin has formulated a
new fourteen-point pact. The points
have to do with fourteen attitudes to
ward important problems that are the
distinguishing marks of an educated
American.
President Glenn Frank of the Uni
versity of Wisconsin has formulated a
new fourteen-point pact. The points
have to do with fourteen attitudes to
ward important problems that are the
distinguishing marks of an educated
American.
President Glenn Frank of the Uni
versity of Wisconsin has formulated a
new fourteen-point pact. The points
have to do with fourteen attitudes to
ward important problems that are the
distinguishing marks of an educated
American.
President Glenn Frank of the Uni
versity of Wisconsin has formulated a
new fourteen-point pact. The points
have to do with fourteen attitudes to
ward important problems that are the
distinguishing marks of an educated
American.
President Glenn Frank of the Uni
versity of Wisconsin has formulated a
new fourteen-point pact. The points
have to do with fourteen attitudes to
ward important problems that are the
distinguishing marks of an educated
American.
President Glenn Frank of the Uni
versity of Wisconsin has formulated a
new fourteen-point pact. The points
have to do with fourteen attitudes to
ward important problems that are the
distinguishing marks of an educated
American.
President Glenn Frank of the Uni
versity of Wisconsin has formulated a
new fourteen-point pact. The points
have to do with fourteen attitudes to
ward important problems that are the
distinguishing marks of an educated
American.
President Glenn Frank of the Uni
versity of Wisconsin has formulated a
new fourteen-point pact. The points
have to do with fourteen attitudes to
ward important problems that are the
distinguishing marks of an educated
American.
President Glenn Frank of the Uni
versity of Wisconsin has formulated a
new fourteen-point pact. The points
have to do with fourteen attitudes to
ward important problems that are the
distinguishing marks of an educated
American.
President Glenn Frank of the Uni
versity of Wisconsin has formulated a
new fourteen-point pact. The points
have to do with fourteen attitudes to
ward important problems that are the
distinguishing marks of an educated
American.
President Glenn Frank of the Uni
versity of Wisconsin has formulated a
new fourteen-point pact. The points
have to do with fourteen attitudes to
ward important problems that are the
distinguishing marks of an educated
American.
President Glenn Frank of the Uni
versity of Wisconsin has formulated a
new fourteen-point pact. The points
have to do with fourteen attitudes to
ward important problems that are the
distinguishing marks of an educated
American.
President Glenn Frank of the Uni
versity of Wisconsin has formulated a
new fourteen-point pact. The points
have to do with fourteen attitudes to
ward important problems that are the
distinguishing marks of an educated
American.
President Glenn Frank of the Uni
versity of Wisconsin has formulated a
new fourteen-point pact. The points
have to do with fourteen attitudes to
ward important problems that are the
distinguishing marks of an educated
American.
President Glenn Frank of the Uni
versity of Wisconsin has formulated a
new fourteen-point pact. The points
have to do with fourteen attitudes to
ward important problems that are the
distinguishing marks of an educated
American.
