# ANNOUNCEMENT
## 
### 
Sophomores wishing to try out for
basketball manager please report to
pavilion Monday afternoon at 3 o'clock.
Sophomores wishing to try out for
basketball manager please report to
pavilion Monday afternoon at 3 o'clock.
Sophomores wishing to try out for
basketball manager please report to
pavilion Monday afternoon at 3 o'clock.
Sophomores wishing to try out for
basketball manager please report to
pavilion Monday afternoon at 3 o'clock.
Sophomores wishing to try out for
basketball manager please report to
pavilion Monday afternoon at 3 o'clock.
Sophomores wishing to try out for
basketball manager please report to
pavilion Monday afternoon at 3 o'clock.
Sophomores wishing to try out for
basketball manager please report to
pavilion Monday afternoon at 3 o'clock.
Sophomores wishing to try out for
basketball manager please report to
pavilion Monday afternoon at 3 o'clock.
Sophomores wishing to try out for
basketball manager please report to
pavilion Monday afternoon at 3 o'clock.
Sophomores wishing to try out for
basketball manager please report to
pavilion Monday afternoon at 3 o'clock.
Sophomores wishing to try out for
basketball manager please report to
pavilion Monday afternoon at 3 o'clock.
Sophomores wishing to try out for
basketball manager please report to
pavilion Monday afternoon at 3 o'clock.
Sophomores wishing to try out for
basketball manager please report to
pavilion Monday afternoon at 3 o'clock.
Sophomores wishing to try out for
basketball manager please report to
pavilion Monday afternoon at 3 o'clock.
Sophomores wishing to try out for
basketball manager please report to
pavilion Monday afternoon at 3 o'clock.
