# MEXICANS CHEER SEIZURE OF OIL INTERESTS
## 
### 

: ROWDS OF MEXICAN workers, in the plaza of the National Palace in Mexico City, demonstrated against
Imperialism and shouted approval of President La/.aro Cardenas' seizure of American and Uritish oil
properties.

: ROWDS OF MEXICAN workers, in the plaza of the National Palace in Mexico City, demonstrated against
Imperialism and shouted approval of President La/.aro Cardenas' seizure of American and Uritish oil
properties.

: ROWDS OF MEXICAN workers, in the plaza of the National Palace in Mexico City, demonstrated against
Imperialism and shouted approval of President La/.aro Cardenas' seizure of American and Uritish oil
properties.

: ROWDS OF MEXICAN workers, in the plaza of the National Palace in Mexico City, demonstrated against
Imperialism and shouted approval of President La/.aro Cardenas' seizure of American and Uritish oil
properties.

: ROWDS OF MEXICAN workers, in the plaza of the National Palace in Mexico City, demonstrated against
Imperialism and shouted approval of President La/.aro Cardenas' seizure of American and Uritish oil
properties.

: ROWDS OF MEXICAN workers, in the plaza of the National Palace in Mexico City, demonstrated against
Imperialism and shouted approval of President La/.aro Cardenas' seizure of American and Uritish oil
properties.

: ROWDS OF MEXICAN workers, in the plaza of the National Palace in Mexico City, demonstrated against
Imperialism and shouted approval of President La/.aro Cardenas' seizure of American and Uritish oil
properties.

: ROWDS OF MEXICAN workers, in the plaza of the National Palace in Mexico City, demonstrated against
Imperialism and shouted approval of President La/.aro Cardenas' seizure of American and Uritish oil
properties.

: ROWDS OF MEXICAN workers, in the plaza of the National Palace in Mexico City, demonstrated against
Imperialism and shouted approval of President La/.aro Cardenas' seizure of American and Uritish oil
properties.

: ROWDS OF MEXICAN workers, in the plaza of the National Palace in Mexico City, demonstrated against
Imperialism and shouted approval of President La/.aro Cardenas' seizure of American and Uritish oil
properties.

: ROWDS OF MEXICAN workers, in the plaza of the National Palace in Mexico City, demonstrated against
Imperialism and shouted approval of President La/.aro Cardenas' seizure of American and Uritish oil
properties.

: ROWDS OF MEXICAN workers, in the plaza of the National Palace in Mexico City, demonstrated against
Imperialism and shouted approval of President La/.aro Cardenas' seizure of American and Uritish oil
properties.

: ROWDS OF MEXICAN workers, in the plaza of the National Palace in Mexico City, demonstrated against
Imperialism and shouted approval of President La/.aro Cardenas' seizure of American and Uritish oil
properties.

: ROWDS OF MEXICAN workers, in the plaza of the National Palace in Mexico City, demonstrated against
Imperialism and shouted approval of President La/.aro Cardenas' seizure of American and Uritish oil
properties.

: ROWDS OF MEXICAN workers, in the plaza of the National Palace in Mexico City, demonstrated against
Imperialism and shouted approval of President La/.aro Cardenas' seizure of American and Uritish oil
properties.
