# CARDS REQUIRED
## 
### 
A.S.S.U. cards must be pre
sented by all voters at tomor
row's election, Election Chair
man Dick Riddell announced
yesterday. Polls will be at the
Law Steps, Romanic Languages
department steps, and at two
corners of the Engineering
Building.
A.S.S.U. cards must be pre
sented by all voters at tomor
row's election, Election Chair
man Dick Riddell announced
yesterday. Polls will be at the
Law Steps, Romanic Languages
department steps, and at two
corners of the Engineering
Building.
A.S.S.U. cards must be pre
sented by all voters at tomor
row's election, Election Chair
man Dick Riddell announced
yesterday. Polls will be at the
Law Steps, Romanic Languages
department steps, and at two
corners of the Engineering
Building.
A.S.S.U. cards must be pre
sented by all voters at tomor
row's election, Election Chair
man Dick Riddell announced
yesterday. Polls will be at the
Law Steps, Romanic Languages
department steps, and at two
corners of the Engineering
Building.
A.S.S.U. cards must be pre
sented by all voters at tomor
row's election, Election Chair
man Dick Riddell announced
yesterday. Polls will be at the
Law Steps, Romanic Languages
department steps, and at two
corners of the Engineering
Building.
A.S.S.U. cards must be pre
sented by all voters at tomor
row's election, Election Chair
man Dick Riddell announced
yesterday. Polls will be at the
Law Steps, Romanic Languages
department steps, and at two
corners of the Engineering
Building.
A.S.S.U. cards must be pre
sented by all voters at tomor
row's election, Election Chair
man Dick Riddell announced
yesterday. Polls will be at the
Law Steps, Romanic Languages
department steps, and at two
corners of the Engineering
Building.
A.S.S.U. cards must be pre
sented by all voters at tomor
row's election, Election Chair
man Dick Riddell announced
yesterday. Polls will be at the
Law Steps, Romanic Languages
department steps, and at two
corners of the Engineering
Building.
A.S.S.U. cards must be pre
sented by all voters at tomor
row's election, Election Chair
man Dick Riddell announced
yesterday. Polls will be at the
Law Steps, Romanic Languages
department steps, and at two
corners of the Engineering
Building.
A.S.S.U. cards must be pre
sented by all voters at tomor
row's election, Election Chair
man Dick Riddell announced
yesterday. Polls will be at the
Law Steps, Romanic Languages
department steps, and at two
corners of the Engineering
Building.
A.S.S.U. cards must be pre
sented by all voters at tomor
row's election, Election Chair
man Dick Riddell announced
yesterday. Polls will be at the
Law Steps, Romanic Languages
department steps, and at two
corners of the Engineering
Building.
A.S.S.U. cards must be pre
sented by all voters at tomor
row's election, Election Chair
man Dick Riddell announced
yesterday. Polls will be at the
Law Steps, Romanic Languages
department steps, and at two
corners of the Engineering
Building.
A.S.S.U. cards must be pre
sented by all voters at tomor
row's election, Election Chair
man Dick Riddell announced
yesterday. Polls will be at the
Law Steps, Romanic Languages
department steps, and at two
corners of the Engineering
Building.
A.S.S.U. cards must be pre
sented by all voters at tomor
row's election, Election Chair
man Dick Riddell announced
yesterday. Polls will be at the
Law Steps, Romanic Languages
department steps, and at two
corners of the Engineering
Building.
A.S.S.U. cards must be pre
sented by all voters at tomor
row's election, Election Chair
man Dick Riddell announced
yesterday. Polls will be at the
Law Steps, Romanic Languages
department steps, and at two
corners of the Engineering
Building.
