# Under the WEATHER ...
## 
### 
HOSPITAL
Edward Bosbyshell, Robert Charles
Connell, Richard Hoover, Corliss
Little, William Shepaxd, Marian
Smith, Cathex-ine Strubbc, Dorr Hal
lenbeck.
WOMEN'S REST HOME
Tyi'a Byrnes, Mayo Cornell, Vir
ginia Seerie.
MEN'S REST HOME
Benjamin Bock, Carl Ganahl, Bud
Milligan, Thomas Polk, Robei"t Rich
ardson.
HOSPITAL
Edward Bosbyshell, Robert Charles
Connell, Richard Hoover, Corliss
Little, William Shepaxd, Marian
Smith, Cathex-ine Strubbc, Dorr Hal
lenbeck.
WOMEN'S REST HOME
Tyi'a Byrnes, Mayo Cornell, Vir
ginia Seerie.
MEN'S REST HOME
Benjamin Bock, Carl Ganahl, Bud
Milligan, Thomas Polk, Robei"t Rich
ardson.
HOSPITAL
Edward Bosbyshell, Robert Charles
Connell, Richard Hoover, Corliss
Little, William Shepaxd, Marian
Smith, Cathex-ine Strubbc, Dorr Hal
lenbeck.
WOMEN'S REST HOME
Tyi'a Byrnes, Mayo Cornell, Vir
ginia Seerie.
MEN'S REST HOME
Benjamin Bock, Carl Ganahl, Bud
Milligan, Thomas Polk, Robei"t Rich
ardson.
HOSPITAL
Edward Bosbyshell, Robert Charles
Connell, Richard Hoover, Corliss
Little, William Shepaxd, Marian
Smith, Cathex-ine Strubbc, Dorr Hal
lenbeck.
WOMEN'S REST HOME
Tyi'a Byrnes, Mayo Cornell, Vir
ginia Seerie.
MEN'S REST HOME
Benjamin Bock, Carl Ganahl, Bud
Milligan, Thomas Polk, Robei"t Rich
ardson.
HOSPITAL
Edward Bosbyshell, Robert Charles
Connell, Richard Hoover, Corliss
Little, William Shepaxd, Marian
Smith, Cathex-ine Strubbc, Dorr Hal
lenbeck.
WOMEN'S REST HOME
Tyi'a Byrnes, Mayo Cornell, Vir
ginia Seerie.
MEN'S REST HOME
Benjamin Bock, Carl Ganahl, Bud
Milligan, Thomas Polk, Robei"t Rich
ardson.
HOSPITAL
Edward Bosbyshell, Robert Charles
Connell, Richard Hoover, Corliss
Little, William Shepaxd, Marian
Smith, Cathex-ine Strubbc, Dorr Hal
lenbeck.
WOMEN'S REST HOME
Tyi'a Byrnes, Mayo Cornell, Vir
ginia Seerie.
MEN'S REST HOME
Benjamin Bock, Carl Ganahl, Bud
Milligan, Thomas Polk, Robei"t Rich
ardson.
HOSPITAL
Edward Bosbyshell, Robert Charles
Connell, Richard Hoover, Corliss
Little, William Shepaxd, Marian
Smith, Cathex-ine Strubbc, Dorr Hal
lenbeck.
WOMEN'S REST HOME
Tyi'a Byrnes, Mayo Cornell, Vir
ginia Seerie.
MEN'S REST HOME
Benjamin Bock, Carl Ganahl, Bud
Milligan, Thomas Polk, Robei"t Rich
ardson.
HOSPITAL
Edward Bosbyshell, Robert Charles
Connell, Richard Hoover, Corliss
Little, William Shepaxd, Marian
Smith, Cathex-ine Strubbc, Dorr Hal
lenbeck.
WOMEN'S REST HOME
Tyi'a Byrnes, Mayo Cornell, Vir
ginia Seerie.
MEN'S REST HOME
Benjamin Bock, Carl Ganahl, Bud
Milligan, Thomas Polk, Robei"t Rich
ardson.
HOSPITAL
Edward Bosbyshell, Robert Charles
Connell, Richard Hoover, Corliss
Little, William Shepaxd, Marian
Smith, Cathex-ine Strubbc, Dorr Hal
lenbeck.
WOMEN'S REST HOME
Tyi'a Byrnes, Mayo Cornell, Vir
ginia Seerie.
MEN'S REST HOME
Benjamin Bock, Carl Ganahl, Bud
Milligan, Thomas Polk, Robei"t Rich
ardson.
HOSPITAL
Edward Bosbyshell, Robert Charles
Connell, Richard Hoover, Corliss
Little, William Shepaxd, Marian
Smith, Cathex-ine Strubbc, Dorr Hal
lenbeck.
WOMEN'S REST HOME
Tyi'a Byrnes, Mayo Cornell, Vir
ginia Seerie.
MEN'S REST HOME
Benjamin Bock, Carl Ganahl, Bud
Milligan, Thomas Polk, Robei"t Rich
ardson.
HOSPITAL
Edward Bosbyshell, Robert Charles
Connell, Richard Hoover, Corliss
Little, William Shepaxd, Marian
Smith, Cathex-ine Strubbc, Dorr Hal
lenbeck.
WOMEN'S REST HOME
Tyi'a Byrnes, Mayo Cornell, Vir
ginia Seerie.
MEN'S REST HOME
Benjamin Bock, Carl Ganahl, Bud
Milligan, Thomas Polk, Robei"t Rich
ardson.
HOSPITAL
Edward Bosbyshell, Robert Charles
Connell, Richard Hoover, Corliss
Little, William Shepaxd, Marian
Smith, Cathex-ine Strubbc, Dorr Hal
lenbeck.
WOMEN'S REST HOME
Tyi'a Byrnes, Mayo Cornell, Vir
ginia Seerie.
MEN'S REST HOME
Benjamin Bock, Carl Ganahl, Bud
Milligan, Thomas Polk, Robei"t Rich
ardson.
HOSPITAL
Edward Bosbyshell, Robert Charles
Connell, Richard Hoover, Corliss
Little, William Shepaxd, Marian
Smith, Cathex-ine Strubbc, Dorr Hal
lenbeck.
WOMEN'S REST HOME
Tyi'a Byrnes, Mayo Cornell, Vir
ginia Seerie.
MEN'S REST HOME
Benjamin Bock, Carl Ganahl, Bud
Milligan, Thomas Polk, Robei"t Rich
ardson.
HOSPITAL
Edward Bosbyshell, Robert Charles
Connell, Richard Hoover, Corliss
Little, William Shepaxd, Marian
Smith, Cathex-ine Strubbc, Dorr Hal
lenbeck.
WOMEN'S REST HOME
Tyi'a Byrnes, Mayo Cornell, Vir
ginia Seerie.
MEN'S REST HOME
Benjamin Bock, Carl Ganahl, Bud
Milligan, Thomas Polk, Robei"t Rich
ardson.
HOSPITAL
Edward Bosbyshell, Robert Charles
Connell, Richard Hoover, Corliss
Little, William Shepaxd, Marian
Smith, Cathex-ine Strubbc, Dorr Hal
lenbeck.
WOMEN'S REST HOME
Tyi'a Byrnes, Mayo Cornell, Vir
ginia Seerie.
MEN'S REST HOME
Benjamin Bock, Carl Ganahl, Bud
Milligan, Thomas Polk, Robei"t Rich
ardson.
