# SCHWARTZ RE-ELECTED
## 
### 
Dr. William Leonard Schwartz, as
sociate professor of Romanic Lan
guages, has been re-elected regional
vice-president of the American
Teachers of French.
Dr. William Leonard Schwartz, as
sociate professor of Romanic Lan
guages, has been re-elected regional
vice-president of the American
Teachers of French.
Dr. William Leonard Schwartz, as
sociate professor of Romanic Lan
guages, has been re-elected regional
vice-president of the American
Teachers of French.
Dr. William Leonard Schwartz, as
sociate professor of Romanic Lan
guages, has been re-elected regional
vice-president of the American
Teachers of French.
Dr. William Leonard Schwartz, as
sociate professor of Romanic Lan
guages, has been re-elected regional
vice-president of the American
Teachers of French.
Dr. William Leonard Schwartz, as
sociate professor of Romanic Lan
guages, has been re-elected regional
vice-president of the American
Teachers of French.
Dr. William Leonard Schwartz, as
sociate professor of Romanic Lan
guages, has been re-elected regional
vice-president of the American
Teachers of French.
Dr. William Leonard Schwartz, as
sociate professor of Romanic Lan
guages, has been re-elected regional
vice-president of the American
Teachers of French.
Dr. William Leonard Schwartz, as
sociate professor of Romanic Lan
guages, has been re-elected regional
vice-president of the American
Teachers of French.
Dr. William Leonard Schwartz, as
sociate professor of Romanic Lan
guages, has been re-elected regional
vice-president of the American
Teachers of French.
Dr. William Leonard Schwartz, as
sociate professor of Romanic Lan
guages, has been re-elected regional
vice-president of the American
Teachers of French.
Dr. William Leonard Schwartz, as
sociate professor of Romanic Lan
guages, has been re-elected regional
vice-president of the American
Teachers of French.
Dr. William Leonard Schwartz, as
sociate professor of Romanic Lan
guages, has been re-elected regional
vice-president of the American
Teachers of French.
Dr. William Leonard Schwartz, as
sociate professor of Romanic Lan
guages, has been re-elected regional
vice-president of the American
Teachers of French.
Dr. William Leonard Schwartz, as
sociate professor of Romanic Lan
guages, has been re-elected regional
vice-president of the American
Teachers of French.
