# LAW SCHOOL
## 
### 
Tho .e studei.ts who are planning
to enter the Law School or the pre
legal curriculum this summer or
autumn quarter are asked to leave
their names with secretary of the
Law School in Room 1 immediately.
Movies are co-operating with
London temperance societies to in
terest the young in the anti-drink
movement.
Tho .e studei.ts who are planning
to enter the Law School or the pre
legal curriculum this summer or
autumn quarter are asked to leave
their names with secretary of the
Law School in Room 1 immediately.
Movies are co-operating with
London temperance societies to in
terest the young in the anti-drink
movement.
Tho .e studei.ts who are planning
to enter the Law School or the pre
legal curriculum this summer or
autumn quarter are asked to leave
their names with secretary of the
Law School in Room 1 immediately.
Movies are co-operating with
London temperance societies to in
terest the young in the anti-drink
movement.
Tho .e studei.ts who are planning
to enter the Law School or the pre
legal curriculum this summer or
autumn quarter are asked to leave
their names with secretary of the
Law School in Room 1 immediately.
Movies are co-operating with
London temperance societies to in
terest the young in the anti-drink
movement.
Tho .e studei.ts who are planning
to enter the Law School or the pre
legal curriculum this summer or
autumn quarter are asked to leave
their names with secretary of the
Law School in Room 1 immediately.
Movies are co-operating with
London temperance societies to in
terest the young in the anti-drink
movement.
Tho .e studei.ts who are planning
to enter the Law School or the pre
legal curriculum this summer or
autumn quarter are asked to leave
their names with secretary of the
Law School in Room 1 immediately.
Movies are co-operating with
London temperance societies to in
terest the young in the anti-drink
movement.
Tho .e studei.ts who are planning
to enter the Law School or the pre
legal curriculum this summer or
autumn quarter are asked to leave
their names with secretary of the
Law School in Room 1 immediately.
Movies are co-operating with
London temperance societies to in
terest the young in the anti-drink
movement.
Tho .e studei.ts who are planning
to enter the Law School or the pre
legal curriculum this summer or
autumn quarter are asked to leave
their names with secretary of the
Law School in Room 1 immediately.
Movies are co-operating with
London temperance societies to in
terest the young in the anti-drink
movement.
Tho .e studei.ts who are planning
to enter the Law School or the pre
legal curriculum this summer or
autumn quarter are asked to leave
their names with secretary of the
Law School in Room 1 immediately.
Movies are co-operating with
London temperance societies to in
terest the young in the anti-drink
movement.
Tho .e studei.ts who are planning
to enter the Law School or the pre
legal curriculum this summer or
autumn quarter are asked to leave
their names with secretary of the
Law School in Room 1 immediately.
Movies are co-operating with
London temperance societies to in
terest the young in the anti-drink
movement.
Tho .e studei.ts who are planning
to enter the Law School or the pre
legal curriculum this summer or
autumn quarter are asked to leave
their names with secretary of the
Law School in Room 1 immediately.
Movies are co-operating with
London temperance societies to in
terest the young in the anti-drink
movement.
Tho .e studei.ts who are planning
to enter the Law School or the pre
legal curriculum this summer or
autumn quarter are asked to leave
their names with secretary of the
Law School in Room 1 immediately.
Movies are co-operating with
London temperance societies to in
terest the young in the anti-drink
movement.
Tho .e studei.ts who are planning
to enter the Law School or the pre
legal curriculum this summer or
autumn quarter are asked to leave
their names with secretary of the
Law School in Room 1 immediately.
Movies are co-operating with
London temperance societies to in
terest the young in the anti-drink
movement.
Tho .e studei.ts who are planning
to enter the Law School or the pre
legal curriculum this summer or
autumn quarter are asked to leave
their names with secretary of the
Law School in Room 1 immediately.
Movies are co-operating with
London temperance societies to in
terest the young in the anti-drink
movement.
Tho .e studei.ts who are planning
to enter the Law School or the pre
legal curriculum this summer or
autumn quarter are asked to leave
their names with secretary of the
Law School in Room 1 immediately.
Movies are co-operating with
London temperance societies to in
terest the young in the anti-drink
movement.
