# PLAN TRIP TO HAWAII IN YAWL
## 
### 

Three Alameda, Cal., youths have completed preparations for an
attempted cruise to Honolulu in a 26-foot yawl, Sally (lower). The
craft has a canvas spread of 325 feet and a one-cylinder engine for
auxiliary power. The trio who will make the attempt are (upper, left
to right) William Whalen, 19; Jack Blinn, 22, and Edward Hales, 19.
(Associated Press Photos)

Three Alameda, Cal., youths have completed preparations for an
attempted cruise to Honolulu in a 26-foot yawl, Sally (lower). The
craft has a canvas spread of 325 feet and a one-cylinder engine for
auxiliary power. The trio who will make the attempt are (upper, left
to right) William Whalen, 19; Jack Blinn, 22, and Edward Hales, 19.
(Associated Press Photos)

Three Alameda, Cal., youths have completed preparations for an
attempted cruise to Honolulu in a 26-foot yawl, Sally (lower). The
craft has a canvas spread of 325 feet and a one-cylinder engine for
auxiliary power. The trio who will make the attempt are (upper, left
to right) William Whalen, 19; Jack Blinn, 22, and Edward Hales, 19.
(Associated Press Photos)

Three Alameda, Cal., youths have completed preparations for an
attempted cruise to Honolulu in a 26-foot yawl, Sally (lower). The
craft has a canvas spread of 325 feet and a one-cylinder engine for
auxiliary power. The trio who will make the attempt are (upper, left
to right) William Whalen, 19; Jack Blinn, 22, and Edward Hales, 19.
(Associated Press Photos)

Three Alameda, Cal., youths have completed preparations for an
attempted cruise to Honolulu in a 26-foot yawl, Sally (lower). The
craft has a canvas spread of 325 feet and a one-cylinder engine for
auxiliary power. The trio who will make the attempt are (upper, left
to right) William Whalen, 19; Jack Blinn, 22, and Edward Hales, 19.
(Associated Press Photos)

Three Alameda, Cal., youths have completed preparations for an
attempted cruise to Honolulu in a 26-foot yawl, Sally (lower). The
craft has a canvas spread of 325 feet and a one-cylinder engine for
auxiliary power. The trio who will make the attempt are (upper, left
to right) William Whalen, 19; Jack Blinn, 22, and Edward Hales, 19.
(Associated Press Photos)

Three Alameda, Cal., youths have completed preparations for an
attempted cruise to Honolulu in a 26-foot yawl, Sally (lower). The
craft has a canvas spread of 325 feet and a one-cylinder engine for
auxiliary power. The trio who will make the attempt are (upper, left
to right) William Whalen, 19; Jack Blinn, 22, and Edward Hales, 19.
(Associated Press Photos)

Three Alameda, Cal., youths have completed preparations for an
attempted cruise to Honolulu in a 26-foot yawl, Sally (lower). The
craft has a canvas spread of 325 feet and a one-cylinder engine for
auxiliary power. The trio who will make the attempt are (upper, left
to right) William Whalen, 19; Jack Blinn, 22, and Edward Hales, 19.
(Associated Press Photos)

Three Alameda, Cal., youths have completed preparations for an
attempted cruise to Honolulu in a 26-foot yawl, Sally (lower). The
craft has a canvas spread of 325 feet and a one-cylinder engine for
auxiliary power. The trio who will make the attempt are (upper, left
to right) William Whalen, 19; Jack Blinn, 22, and Edward Hales, 19.
(Associated Press Photos)

Three Alameda, Cal., youths have completed preparations for an
attempted cruise to Honolulu in a 26-foot yawl, Sally (lower). The
craft has a canvas spread of 325 feet and a one-cylinder engine for
auxiliary power. The trio who will make the attempt are (upper, left
to right) William Whalen, 19; Jack Blinn, 22, and Edward Hales, 19.
(Associated Press Photos)

Three Alameda, Cal., youths have completed preparations for an
attempted cruise to Honolulu in a 26-foot yawl, Sally (lower). The
craft has a canvas spread of 325 feet and a one-cylinder engine for
auxiliary power. The trio who will make the attempt are (upper, left
to right) William Whalen, 19; Jack Blinn, 22, and Edward Hales, 19.
(Associated Press Photos)

Three Alameda, Cal., youths have completed preparations for an
attempted cruise to Honolulu in a 26-foot yawl, Sally (lower). The
craft has a canvas spread of 325 feet and a one-cylinder engine for
auxiliary power. The trio who will make the attempt are (upper, left
to right) William Whalen, 19; Jack Blinn, 22, and Edward Hales, 19.
(Associated Press Photos)

Three Alameda, Cal., youths have completed preparations for an
attempted cruise to Honolulu in a 26-foot yawl, Sally (lower). The
craft has a canvas spread of 325 feet and a one-cylinder engine for
auxiliary power. The trio who will make the attempt are (upper, left
to right) William Whalen, 19; Jack Blinn, 22, and Edward Hales, 19.
(Associated Press Photos)

Three Alameda, Cal., youths have completed preparations for an
attempted cruise to Honolulu in a 26-foot yawl, Sally (lower). The
craft has a canvas spread of 325 feet and a one-cylinder engine for
auxiliary power. The trio who will make the attempt are (upper, left
to right) William Whalen, 19; Jack Blinn, 22, and Edward Hales, 19.
(Associated Press Photos)

Three Alameda, Cal., youths have completed preparations for an
attempted cruise to Honolulu in a 26-foot yawl, Sally (lower). The
craft has a canvas spread of 325 feet and a one-cylinder engine for
auxiliary power. The trio who will make the attempt are (upper, left
to right) William Whalen, 19; Jack Blinn, 22, and Edward Hales, 19.
(Associated Press Photos)
