# Bunn Continues Findings In "Research in Fatigue"
## 
### 
Basketball Coach John Bur.n is
continuing his work in "Research in
Fatigue." Having previously con
ducted tests discerning the degree of
fatigue brought on by a regulation
basketball game, he still found him
self in need of additional data.
He is now branching to other fields
of athletics, determining the extent
of fatigue in track, swimming, and
other sports.
Basketball Coach John Bur.n is
continuing his work in "Research in
Fatigue." Having previously con
ducted tests discerning the degree of
fatigue brought on by a regulation
basketball game, he still found him
self in need of additional data.
He is now branching to other fields
of athletics, determining the extent
of fatigue in track, swimming, and
other sports.
Basketball Coach John Bur.n is
continuing his work in "Research in
Fatigue." Having previously con
ducted tests discerning the degree of
fatigue brought on by a regulation
basketball game, he still found him
self in need of additional data.
He is now branching to other fields
of athletics, determining the extent
of fatigue in track, swimming, and
other sports.
Basketball Coach John Bur.n is
continuing his work in "Research in
Fatigue." Having previously con
ducted tests discerning the degree of
fatigue brought on by a regulation
basketball game, he still found him
self in need of additional data.
He is now branching to other fields
of athletics, determining the extent
of fatigue in track, swimming, and
other sports.
Basketball Coach John Bur.n is
continuing his work in "Research in
Fatigue." Having previously con
ducted tests discerning the degree of
fatigue brought on by a regulation
basketball game, he still found him
self in need of additional data.
He is now branching to other fields
of athletics, determining the extent
of fatigue in track, swimming, and
other sports.
Basketball Coach John Bur.n is
continuing his work in "Research in
Fatigue." Having previously con
ducted tests discerning the degree of
fatigue brought on by a regulation
basketball game, he still found him
self in need of additional data.
He is now branching to other fields
of athletics, determining the extent
of fatigue in track, swimming, and
other sports.
Basketball Coach John Bur.n is
continuing his work in "Research in
Fatigue." Having previously con
ducted tests discerning the degree of
fatigue brought on by a regulation
basketball game, he still found him
self in need of additional data.
He is now branching to other fields
of athletics, determining the extent
of fatigue in track, swimming, and
other sports.
Basketball Coach John Bur.n is
continuing his work in "Research in
Fatigue." Having previously con
ducted tests discerning the degree of
fatigue brought on by a regulation
basketball game, he still found him
self in need of additional data.
He is now branching to other fields
of athletics, determining the extent
of fatigue in track, swimming, and
other sports.
Basketball Coach John Bur.n is
continuing his work in "Research in
Fatigue." Having previously con
ducted tests discerning the degree of
fatigue brought on by a regulation
basketball game, he still found him
self in need of additional data.
He is now branching to other fields
of athletics, determining the extent
of fatigue in track, swimming, and
other sports.
Basketball Coach John Bur.n is
continuing his work in "Research in
Fatigue." Having previously con
ducted tests discerning the degree of
fatigue brought on by a regulation
basketball game, he still found him
self in need of additional data.
He is now branching to other fields
of athletics, determining the extent
of fatigue in track, swimming, and
other sports.
Basketball Coach John Bur.n is
continuing his work in "Research in
Fatigue." Having previously con
ducted tests discerning the degree of
fatigue brought on by a regulation
basketball game, he still found him
self in need of additional data.
He is now branching to other fields
of athletics, determining the extent
of fatigue in track, swimming, and
other sports.
Basketball Coach John Bur.n is
continuing his work in "Research in
Fatigue." Having previously con
ducted tests discerning the degree of
fatigue brought on by a regulation
basketball game, he still found him
self in need of additional data.
He is now branching to other fields
of athletics, determining the extent
of fatigue in track, swimming, and
other sports.
Basketball Coach John Bur.n is
continuing his work in "Research in
Fatigue." Having previously con
ducted tests discerning the degree of
fatigue brought on by a regulation
basketball game, he still found him
self in need of additional data.
He is now branching to other fields
of athletics, determining the extent
of fatigue in track, swimming, and
other sports.
Basketball Coach John Bur.n is
continuing his work in "Research in
Fatigue." Having previously con
ducted tests discerning the degree of
fatigue brought on by a regulation
basketball game, he still found him
self in need of additional data.
He is now branching to other fields
of athletics, determining the extent
of fatigue in track, swimming, and
other sports.
Basketball Coach John Bur.n is
continuing his work in "Research in
Fatigue." Having previously con
ducted tests discerning the degree of
fatigue brought on by a regulation
basketball game, he still found him
self in need of additional data.
He is now branching to other fields
of athletics, determining the extent
of fatigue in track, swimming, and
other sports.
