# Adv. 3 Page 1
## 
### 
QUAD PROOFS
All students must call for and
return their Quad proofs this
week. Those who don't will be
left off final lay-outs, Editor
Ruth Barnes warned yesterday.
QUAD PROOFS
All students must call for and
return their Quad proofs this
week. Those who don't will be
left off final lay-outs, Editor
Ruth Barnes warned yesterday.
QUAD PROOFS
All students must call for and
return their Quad proofs this
week. Those who don't will be
left off final lay-outs, Editor
Ruth Barnes warned yesterday.
QUAD PROOFS
All students must call for and
return their Quad proofs this
week. Those who don't will be
left off final lay-outs, Editor
Ruth Barnes warned yesterday.
QUAD PROOFS
All students must call for and
return their Quad proofs this
week. Those who don't will be
left off final lay-outs, Editor
Ruth Barnes warned yesterday.
QUAD PROOFS
All students must call for and
return their Quad proofs this
week. Those who don't will be
left off final lay-outs, Editor
Ruth Barnes warned yesterday.
QUAD PROOFS
All students must call for and
return their Quad proofs this
week. Those who don't will be
left off final lay-outs, Editor
Ruth Barnes warned yesterday.
QUAD PROOFS
All students must call for and
return their Quad proofs this
week. Those who don't will be
left off final lay-outs, Editor
Ruth Barnes warned yesterday.
QUAD PROOFS
All students must call for and
return their Quad proofs this
week. Those who don't will be
left off final lay-outs, Editor
Ruth Barnes warned yesterday.
QUAD PROOFS
All students must call for and
return their Quad proofs this
week. Those who don't will be
left off final lay-outs, Editor
Ruth Barnes warned yesterday.
QUAD PROOFS
All students must call for and
return their Quad proofs this
week. Those who don't will be
left off final lay-outs, Editor
Ruth Barnes warned yesterday.
QUAD PROOFS
All students must call for and
return their Quad proofs this
week. Those who don't will be
left off final lay-outs, Editor
Ruth Barnes warned yesterday.
QUAD PROOFS
All students must call for and
return their Quad proofs this
week. Those who don't will be
left off final lay-outs, Editor
Ruth Barnes warned yesterday.
QUAD PROOFS
All students must call for and
return their Quad proofs this
week. Those who don't will be
left off final lay-outs, Editor
Ruth Barnes warned yesterday.
QUAD PROOFS
All students must call for and
return their Quad proofs this
week. Those who don't will be
left off final lay-outs, Editor
Ruth Barnes warned yesterday.
