# LAGUNITA INSTALLS OFFICERS
## 
### 
With Carlene Brown, former vice
president, taking over Caroline
Moore's duties as president, Lagunita
Court held its installation dinner for
new officers last night. Winnie Jean
'Smith succeeds Carlene as vice
president, while Rovena Conn, soph
omore. is the club's new secretary.
With Carlene Brown, former vice
president, taking over Caroline
Moore's duties as president, Lagunita
Court held its installation dinner for
new officers last night. Winnie Jean
'Smith succeeds Carlene as vice
president, while Rovena Conn, soph
omore. is the club's new secretary.
With Carlene Brown, former vice
president, taking over Caroline
Moore's duties as president, Lagunita
Court held its installation dinner for
new officers last night. Winnie Jean
'Smith succeeds Carlene as vice
president, while Rovena Conn, soph
omore. is the club's new secretary.
With Carlene Brown, former vice
president, taking over Caroline
Moore's duties as president, Lagunita
Court held its installation dinner for
new officers last night. Winnie Jean
'Smith succeeds Carlene as vice
president, while Rovena Conn, soph
omore. is the club's new secretary.
With Carlene Brown, former vice
president, taking over Caroline
Moore's duties as president, Lagunita
Court held its installation dinner for
new officers last night. Winnie Jean
'Smith succeeds Carlene as vice
president, while Rovena Conn, soph
omore. is the club's new secretary.
With Carlene Brown, former vice
president, taking over Caroline
Moore's duties as president, Lagunita
Court held its installation dinner for
new officers last night. Winnie Jean
'Smith succeeds Carlene as vice
president, while Rovena Conn, soph
omore. is the club's new secretary.
With Carlene Brown, former vice
president, taking over Caroline
Moore's duties as president, Lagunita
Court held its installation dinner for
new officers last night. Winnie Jean
'Smith succeeds Carlene as vice
president, while Rovena Conn, soph
omore. is the club's new secretary.
With Carlene Brown, former vice
president, taking over Caroline
Moore's duties as president, Lagunita
Court held its installation dinner for
new officers last night. Winnie Jean
'Smith succeeds Carlene as vice
president, while Rovena Conn, soph
omore. is the club's new secretary.
With Carlene Brown, former vice
president, taking over Caroline
Moore's duties as president, Lagunita
Court held its installation dinner for
new officers last night. Winnie Jean
'Smith succeeds Carlene as vice
president, while Rovena Conn, soph
omore. is the club's new secretary.
With Carlene Brown, former vice
president, taking over Caroline
Moore's duties as president, Lagunita
Court held its installation dinner for
new officers last night. Winnie Jean
'Smith succeeds Carlene as vice
president, while Rovena Conn, soph
omore. is the club's new secretary.
With Carlene Brown, former vice
president, taking over Caroline
Moore's duties as president, Lagunita
Court held its installation dinner for
new officers last night. Winnie Jean
'Smith succeeds Carlene as vice
president, while Rovena Conn, soph
omore. is the club's new secretary.
With Carlene Brown, former vice
president, taking over Caroline
Moore's duties as president, Lagunita
Court held its installation dinner for
new officers last night. Winnie Jean
'Smith succeeds Carlene as vice
president, while Rovena Conn, soph
omore. is the club's new secretary.
With Carlene Brown, former vice
president, taking over Caroline
Moore's duties as president, Lagunita
Court held its installation dinner for
new officers last night. Winnie Jean
'Smith succeeds Carlene as vice
president, while Rovena Conn, soph
omore. is the club's new secretary.
With Carlene Brown, former vice
president, taking over Caroline
Moore's duties as president, Lagunita
Court held its installation dinner for
new officers last night. Winnie Jean
'Smith succeeds Carlene as vice
president, while Rovena Conn, soph
omore. is the club's new secretary.
With Carlene Brown, former vice
president, taking over Caroline
Moore's duties as president, Lagunita
Court held its installation dinner for
new officers last night. Winnie Jean
'Smith succeeds Carlene as vice
president, while Rovena Conn, soph
omore. is the club's new secretary.
