# Adv. 45 Page 6
## 
### 
DOORS OPWW 3:45
Snnni
NOW! TWO ACTION HITS!
"BATTLE STATIONS"
John Lund William Bcndix
and
"THE HOUSTON STORY"
DOORS OPEN 5:43
NOW!
Moira Shearer
Star of "Red
"THE MAN WHO LOVED
REDHEADS"
NOW!
Doris Day
James Cagney
"Love Me or Leave
Mc"
o
spcnccr Tracy
Robert Ryan
Anne Francis
"Bad Day at Bbck
Rock 1 '
GRACE KELLY
in
TWO GREAT FILMS
by
Alfred Hitchcock
"Dial M for Murder"
with RAY MILLAND
and
"Rear Window"
with |AMES STEWART
v
I | $,Mrl
OPEN DAILY I P.M.
ALT O
NOW!
«
Danny Kaye
in
The Court
Jester
plus
"WORLD OF BEAUTY"
Color Cartoon News
DOORS OPWW 3:45
Snnni
NOW! TWO ACTION HITS!
"BATTLE STATIONS"
John Lund William Bcndix
and
"THE HOUSTON STORY"
DOORS OPEN 5:43
NOW!
Moira Shearer
Star of "Red
"THE MAN WHO LOVED
REDHEADS"
NOW!
Doris Day
James Cagney
"Love Me or Leave
Mc"
o
spcnccr Tracy
Robert Ryan
Anne Francis
"Bad Day at Bbck
Rock 1 '
GRACE KELLY
in
TWO GREAT FILMS
by
Alfred Hitchcock
"Dial M for Murder"
with RAY MILLAND
and
"Rear Window"
with |AMES STEWART
v
I | $,Mrl
OPEN DAILY I P.M.
ALT O
NOW!
«
Danny Kaye
in
The Court
Jester
plus
"WORLD OF BEAUTY"
Color Cartoon News
DOORS OPWW 3:45
Snnni
NOW! TWO ACTION HITS!
"BATTLE STATIONS"
John Lund William Bcndix
and
"THE HOUSTON STORY"
DOORS OPEN 5:43
NOW!
Moira Shearer
Star of "Red
"THE MAN WHO LOVED
REDHEADS"
NOW!
Doris Day
James Cagney
"Love Me or Leave
Mc"
o
spcnccr Tracy
Robert Ryan
Anne Francis
"Bad Day at Bbck
Rock 1 '
GRACE KELLY
in
TWO GREAT FILMS
by
Alfred Hitchcock
"Dial M for Murder"
with RAY MILLAND
and
"Rear Window"
with |AMES STEWART
v
I | $,Mrl
OPEN DAILY I P.M.
ALT O
NOW!
«
Danny Kaye
in
The Court
Jester
plus
"WORLD OF BEAUTY"
Color Cartoon News
DOORS OPWW 3:45
Snnni
NOW! TWO ACTION HITS!
"BATTLE STATIONS"
John Lund William Bcndix
and
"THE HOUSTON STORY"
DOORS OPEN 5:43
NOW!
Moira Shearer
Star of "Red
"THE MAN WHO LOVED
REDHEADS"
NOW!
Doris Day
James Cagney
"Love Me or Leave
Mc"
o
spcnccr Tracy
Robert Ryan
Anne Francis
"Bad Day at Bbck
Rock 1 '
GRACE KELLY
in
TWO GREAT FILMS
by
Alfred Hitchcock
"Dial M for Murder"
with RAY MILLAND
and
"Rear Window"
with |AMES STEWART
v
I | $,Mrl
OPEN DAILY I P.M.
ALT O
NOW!
«
Danny Kaye
in
The Court
Jester
plus
"WORLD OF BEAUTY"
Color Cartoon News
DOORS OPWW 3:45
Snnni
NOW! TWO ACTION HITS!
"BATTLE STATIONS"
John Lund William Bcndix
and
"THE HOUSTON STORY"
DOORS OPEN 5:43
NOW!
Moira Shearer
Star of "Red
"THE MAN WHO LOVED
REDHEADS"
NOW!
Doris Day
James Cagney
"Love Me or Leave
Mc"
o
spcnccr Tracy
Robert Ryan
Anne Francis
"Bad Day at Bbck
Rock 1 '
GRACE KELLY
in
TWO GREAT FILMS
by
Alfred Hitchcock
"Dial M for Murder"
with RAY MILLAND
and
"Rear Window"
with |AMES STEWART
v
I | $,Mrl
OPEN DAILY I P.M.
ALT O
NOW!
«
Danny Kaye
in
The Court
Jester
plus
"WORLD OF BEAUTY"
Color Cartoon News
DOORS OPWW 3:45
Snnni
NOW! TWO ACTION HITS!
"BATTLE STATIONS"
John Lund William Bcndix
and
"THE HOUSTON STORY"
DOORS OPEN 5:43
NOW!
Moira Shearer
Star of "Red
"THE MAN WHO LOVED
REDHEADS"
NOW!
Doris Day
James Cagney
"Love Me or Leave
Mc"
o
spcnccr Tracy
Robert Ryan
Anne Francis
"Bad Day at Bbck
Rock 1 '
GRACE KELLY
in
TWO GREAT FILMS
by
Alfred Hitchcock
"Dial M for Murder"
with RAY MILLAND
and
"Rear Window"
with |AMES STEWART
v
I | $,Mrl
OPEN DAILY I P.M.
ALT O
NOW!
«
Danny Kaye
in
The Court
Jester
plus
"WORLD OF BEAUTY"
Color Cartoon News
DOORS OPWW 3:45
Snnni
NOW! TWO ACTION HITS!
"BATTLE STATIONS"
John Lund William Bcndix
and
"THE HOUSTON STORY"
DOORS OPEN 5:43
NOW!
Moira Shearer
Star of "Red
"THE MAN WHO LOVED
REDHEADS"
NOW!
Doris Day
James Cagney
"Love Me or Leave
Mc"
o
spcnccr Tracy
Robert Ryan
Anne Francis
"Bad Day at Bbck
Rock 1 '
GRACE KELLY
in
TWO GREAT FILMS
by
Alfred Hitchcock
"Dial M for Murder"
with RAY MILLAND
and
"Rear Window"
with |AMES STEWART
v
I | $,Mrl
OPEN DAILY I P.M.
ALT O
NOW!
«
Danny Kaye
in
The Court
Jester
plus
"WORLD OF BEAUTY"
Color Cartoon News
DOORS OPWW 3:45
Snnni
NOW! TWO ACTION HITS!
"BATTLE STATIONS"
John Lund William Bcndix
and
"THE HOUSTON STORY"
DOORS OPEN 5:43
NOW!
Moira Shearer
Star of "Red
"THE MAN WHO LOVED
REDHEADS"
NOW!
Doris Day
James Cagney
"Love Me or Leave
Mc"
o
spcnccr Tracy
Robert Ryan
Anne Francis
"Bad Day at Bbck
Rock 1 '
GRACE KELLY
in
TWO GREAT FILMS
by
Alfred Hitchcock
"Dial M for Murder"
with RAY MILLAND
and
"Rear Window"
with |AMES STEWART
v
I | $,Mrl
OPEN DAILY I P.M.
ALT O
NOW!
«
Danny Kaye
in
The Court
Jester
plus
"WORLD OF BEAUTY"
Color Cartoon News
DOORS OPWW 3:45
Snnni
NOW! TWO ACTION HITS!
"BATTLE STATIONS"
John Lund William Bcndix
and
"THE HOUSTON STORY"
DOORS OPEN 5:43
NOW!
Moira Shearer
Star of "Red
"THE MAN WHO LOVED
REDHEADS"
NOW!
Doris Day
James Cagney
"Love Me or Leave
Mc"
o
spcnccr Tracy
Robert Ryan
Anne Francis
"Bad Day at Bbck
Rock 1 '
GRACE KELLY
in
TWO GREAT FILMS
by
Alfred Hitchcock
"Dial M for Murder"
with RAY MILLAND
and
"Rear Window"
with |AMES STEWART
v
I | $,Mrl
OPEN DAILY I P.M.
ALT O
NOW!
«
Danny Kaye
in
The Court
Jester
plus
"WORLD OF BEAUTY"
Color Cartoon News
DOORS OPWW 3:45
Snnni
NOW! TWO ACTION HITS!
"BATTLE STATIONS"
John Lund William Bcndix
and
"THE HOUSTON STORY"
DOORS OPEN 5:43
NOW!
Moira Shearer
Star of "Red
"THE MAN WHO LOVED
REDHEADS"
NOW!
Doris Day
James Cagney
"Love Me or Leave
Mc"
o
spcnccr Tracy
Robert Ryan
Anne Francis
"Bad Day at Bbck
Rock 1 '
GRACE KELLY
in
TWO GREAT FILMS
by
Alfred Hitchcock
"Dial M for Murder"
with RAY MILLAND
and
"Rear Window"
with |AMES STEWART
v
I | $,Mrl
OPEN DAILY I P.M.
ALT O
NOW!
«
Danny Kaye
in
The Court
Jester
plus
"WORLD OF BEAUTY"
Color Cartoon News
DOORS OPWW 3:45
Snnni
NOW! TWO ACTION HITS!
"BATTLE STATIONS"
John Lund William Bcndix
and
"THE HOUSTON STORY"
DOORS OPEN 5:43
NOW!
Moira Shearer
Star of "Red
"THE MAN WHO LOVED
REDHEADS"
NOW!
Doris Day
James Cagney
"Love Me or Leave
Mc"
o
spcnccr Tracy
Robert Ryan
Anne Francis
"Bad Day at Bbck
Rock 1 '
GRACE KELLY
in
TWO GREAT FILMS
by
Alfred Hitchcock
"Dial M for Murder"
with RAY MILLAND
and
"Rear Window"
with |AMES STEWART
v
I | $,Mrl
OPEN DAILY I P.M.
ALT O
NOW!
«
Danny Kaye
in
The Court
Jester
plus
"WORLD OF BEAUTY"
Color Cartoon News
DOORS OPWW 3:45
Snnni
NOW! TWO ACTION HITS!
"BATTLE STATIONS"
John Lund William Bcndix
and
"THE HOUSTON STORY"
DOORS OPEN 5:43
NOW!
Moira Shearer
Star of "Red
"THE MAN WHO LOVED
REDHEADS"
NOW!
Doris Day
James Cagney
"Love Me or Leave
Mc"
o
spcnccr Tracy
Robert Ryan
Anne Francis
"Bad Day at Bbck
Rock 1 '
GRACE KELLY
in
TWO GREAT FILMS
by
Alfred Hitchcock
"Dial M for Murder"
with RAY MILLAND
and
"Rear Window"
with |AMES STEWART
v
I | $,Mrl
OPEN DAILY I P.M.
ALT O
NOW!
«
Danny Kaye
in
The Court
Jester
plus
"WORLD OF BEAUTY"
Color Cartoon News
DOORS OPWW 3:45
Snnni
NOW! TWO ACTION HITS!
"BATTLE STATIONS"
John Lund William Bcndix
and
"THE HOUSTON STORY"
DOORS OPEN 5:43
NOW!
Moira Shearer
Star of "Red
"THE MAN WHO LOVED
REDHEADS"
NOW!
Doris Day
James Cagney
"Love Me or Leave
Mc"
o
spcnccr Tracy
Robert Ryan
Anne Francis
"Bad Day at Bbck
Rock 1 '
GRACE KELLY
in
TWO GREAT FILMS
by
Alfred Hitchcock
"Dial M for Murder"
with RAY MILLAND
and
"Rear Window"
with |AMES STEWART
v
I | $,Mrl
OPEN DAILY I P.M.
ALT O
NOW!
«
Danny Kaye
in
The Court
Jester
plus
"WORLD OF BEAUTY"
Color Cartoon News
DOORS OPWW 3:45
Snnni
NOW! TWO ACTION HITS!
"BATTLE STATIONS"
John Lund William Bcndix
and
"THE HOUSTON STORY"
DOORS OPEN 5:43
NOW!
Moira Shearer
Star of "Red
"THE MAN WHO LOVED
REDHEADS"
NOW!
Doris Day
James Cagney
"Love Me or Leave
Mc"
o
spcnccr Tracy
Robert Ryan
Anne Francis
"Bad Day at Bbck
Rock 1 '
GRACE KELLY
in
TWO GREAT FILMS
by
Alfred Hitchcock
"Dial M for Murder"
with RAY MILLAND
and
"Rear Window"
with |AMES STEWART
v
I | $,Mrl
OPEN DAILY I P.M.
ALT O
NOW!
«
Danny Kaye
in
The Court
Jester
plus
"WORLD OF BEAUTY"
Color Cartoon News
DOORS OPWW 3:45
Snnni
NOW! TWO ACTION HITS!
"BATTLE STATIONS"
John Lund William Bcndix
and
"THE HOUSTON STORY"
DOORS OPEN 5:43
NOW!
Moira Shearer
Star of "Red
"THE MAN WHO LOVED
REDHEADS"
NOW!
Doris Day
James Cagney
"Love Me or Leave
Mc"
o
spcnccr Tracy
Robert Ryan
Anne Francis
"Bad Day at Bbck
Rock 1 '
GRACE KELLY
in
TWO GREAT FILMS
by
Alfred Hitchcock
"Dial M for Murder"
with RAY MILLAND
and
"Rear Window"
with |AMES STEWART
v
I | $,Mrl
OPEN DAILY I P.M.
ALT O
NOW!
«
Danny Kaye
in
The Court
Jester
plus
"WORLD OF BEAUTY"
Color Cartoon News
