# ROTC Men Get taste of Sub Life
## 
### 
Submarine USS Razor back, which took 10 Stanford Naval ROTC
students oil a test run from Monterey to San Francisco last, week
end, prepares to.dock at San Francisco's Hunter's Point naval ship
yard. The trip gave students an opportunity to witness submarine
operations first-hand. They were given memberships in the "New
Order of Guppy Snorkelers" at the end of the voyage.—Daily photo
by Ted Schildge.

Submarine USS Razor back, which took 10 Stanford Naval ROTC
students oil a test run from Monterey to San Francisco last, week
end, prepares to.dock at San Francisco's Hunter's Point naval ship
yard. The trip gave students an opportunity to witness submarine
operations first-hand. They were given memberships in the "New
Order of Guppy Snorkelers" at the end of the voyage.—Daily photo
by Ted Schildge.

Submarine USS Razor back, which took 10 Stanford Naval ROTC
students oil a test run from Monterey to San Francisco last, week
end, prepares to.dock at San Francisco's Hunter's Point naval ship
yard. The trip gave students an opportunity to witness submarine
operations first-hand. They were given memberships in the "New
Order of Guppy Snorkelers" at the end of the voyage.—Daily photo
by Ted Schildge.

Submarine USS Razor back, which took 10 Stanford Naval ROTC
students oil a test run from Monterey to San Francisco last, week
end, prepares to.dock at San Francisco's Hunter's Point naval ship
yard. The trip gave students an opportunity to witness submarine
operations first-hand. They were given memberships in the "New
Order of Guppy Snorkelers" at the end of the voyage.—Daily photo
by Ted Schildge.

Submarine USS Razor back, which took 10 Stanford Naval ROTC
students oil a test run from Monterey to San Francisco last, week
end, prepares to.dock at San Francisco's Hunter's Point naval ship
yard. The trip gave students an opportunity to witness submarine
operations first-hand. They were given memberships in the "New
Order of Guppy Snorkelers" at the end of the voyage.—Daily photo
by Ted Schildge.

Submarine USS Razor back, which took 10 Stanford Naval ROTC
students oil a test run from Monterey to San Francisco last, week
end, prepares to.dock at San Francisco's Hunter's Point naval ship
yard. The trip gave students an opportunity to witness submarine
operations first-hand. They were given memberships in the "New
Order of Guppy Snorkelers" at the end of the voyage.—Daily photo
by Ted Schildge.

Submarine USS Razor back, which took 10 Stanford Naval ROTC
students oil a test run from Monterey to San Francisco last, week
end, prepares to.dock at San Francisco's Hunter's Point naval ship
yard. The trip gave students an opportunity to witness submarine
operations first-hand. They were given memberships in the "New
Order of Guppy Snorkelers" at the end of the voyage.—Daily photo
by Ted Schildge.

Submarine USS Razor back, which took 10 Stanford Naval ROTC
students oil a test run from Monterey to San Francisco last, week
end, prepares to.dock at San Francisco's Hunter's Point naval ship
yard. The trip gave students an opportunity to witness submarine
operations first-hand. They were given memberships in the "New
Order of Guppy Snorkelers" at the end of the voyage.—Daily photo
by Ted Schildge.

Submarine USS Razor back, which took 10 Stanford Naval ROTC
students oil a test run from Monterey to San Francisco last, week
end, prepares to.dock at San Francisco's Hunter's Point naval ship
yard. The trip gave students an opportunity to witness submarine
operations first-hand. They were given memberships in the "New
Order of Guppy Snorkelers" at the end of the voyage.—Daily photo
by Ted Schildge.

Submarine USS Razor back, which took 10 Stanford Naval ROTC
students oil a test run from Monterey to San Francisco last, week
end, prepares to.dock at San Francisco's Hunter's Point naval ship
yard. The trip gave students an opportunity to witness submarine
operations first-hand. They were given memberships in the "New
Order of Guppy Snorkelers" at the end of the voyage.—Daily photo
by Ted Schildge.

Submarine USS Razor back, which took 10 Stanford Naval ROTC
students oil a test run from Monterey to San Francisco last, week
end, prepares to.dock at San Francisco's Hunter's Point naval ship
yard. The trip gave students an opportunity to witness submarine
operations first-hand. They were given memberships in the "New
Order of Guppy Snorkelers" at the end of the voyage.—Daily photo
by Ted Schildge.

Submarine USS Razor back, which took 10 Stanford Naval ROTC
students oil a test run from Monterey to San Francisco last, week
end, prepares to.dock at San Francisco's Hunter's Point naval ship
yard. The trip gave students an opportunity to witness submarine
operations first-hand. They were given memberships in the "New
Order of Guppy Snorkelers" at the end of the voyage.—Daily photo
by Ted Schildge.

Submarine USS Razor back, which took 10 Stanford Naval ROTC
students oil a test run from Monterey to San Francisco last, week
end, prepares to.dock at San Francisco's Hunter's Point naval ship
yard. The trip gave students an opportunity to witness submarine
operations first-hand. They were given memberships in the "New
Order of Guppy Snorkelers" at the end of the voyage.—Daily photo
by Ted Schildge.

Submarine USS Razor back, which took 10 Stanford Naval ROTC
students oil a test run from Monterey to San Francisco last, week
end, prepares to.dock at San Francisco's Hunter's Point naval ship
yard. The trip gave students an opportunity to witness submarine
operations first-hand. They were given memberships in the "New
Order of Guppy Snorkelers" at the end of the voyage.—Daily photo
by Ted Schildge.

Submarine USS Razor back, which took 10 Stanford Naval ROTC
students oil a test run from Monterey to San Francisco last, week
end, prepares to.dock at San Francisco's Hunter's Point naval ship
yard. The trip gave students an opportunity to witness submarine
operations first-hand. They were given memberships in the "New
Order of Guppy Snorkelers" at the end of the voyage.—Daily photo
by Ted Schildge.

