# SIRO Sponsors Textbook Drive
## 
### 
Textbooks and clothing are be
ing collected in an end-quarter
drive sponsored by the Student In
ternational Relief Organization
(SIRO).
Textbooks in good condition,
published 1945 or after*, are espe
cially' wanted. Standard authors
or basic works in older editions
are acceptable.
SIRO boxes,are located in each
living group and will remain there
until the end of finals week.
Books will be sent to Asian uni
versities and clothing to Vietnam.
Textbooks and clothing are be
ing collected in an end-quarter
drive sponsored by the Student In
ternational Relief Organization
(SIRO).
Textbooks in good condition,
published 1945 or after*, are espe
cially' wanted. Standard authors
or basic works in older editions
are acceptable.
SIRO boxes,are located in each
living group and will remain there
until the end of finals week.
Books will be sent to Asian uni
versities and clothing to Vietnam.
Textbooks and clothing are be
ing collected in an end-quarter
drive sponsored by the Student In
ternational Relief Organization
(SIRO).
Textbooks in good condition,
published 1945 or after*, are espe
cially' wanted. Standard authors
or basic works in older editions
are acceptable.
SIRO boxes,are located in each
living group and will remain there
until the end of finals week.
Books will be sent to Asian uni
versities and clothing to Vietnam.
Textbooks and clothing are be
ing collected in an end-quarter
drive sponsored by the Student In
ternational Relief Organization
(SIRO).
Textbooks in good condition,
published 1945 or after*, are espe
cially' wanted. Standard authors
or basic works in older editions
are acceptable.
SIRO boxes,are located in each
living group and will remain there
until the end of finals week.
Books will be sent to Asian uni
versities and clothing to Vietnam.
Textbooks and clothing are be
ing collected in an end-quarter
drive sponsored by the Student In
ternational Relief Organization
(SIRO).
Textbooks in good condition,
published 1945 or after*, are espe
cially' wanted. Standard authors
or basic works in older editions
are acceptable.
SIRO boxes,are located in each
living group and will remain there
until the end of finals week.
Books will be sent to Asian uni
versities and clothing to Vietnam.
Textbooks and clothing are be
ing collected in an end-quarter
drive sponsored by the Student In
ternational Relief Organization
(SIRO).
Textbooks in good condition,
published 1945 or after*, are espe
cially' wanted. Standard authors
or basic works in older editions
are acceptable.
SIRO boxes,are located in each
living group and will remain there
until the end of finals week.
Books will be sent to Asian uni
versities and clothing to Vietnam.
Textbooks and clothing are be
ing collected in an end-quarter
drive sponsored by the Student In
ternational Relief Organization
(SIRO).
Textbooks in good condition,
published 1945 or after*, are espe
cially' wanted. Standard authors
or basic works in older editions
are acceptable.
SIRO boxes,are located in each
living group and will remain there
until the end of finals week.
Books will be sent to Asian uni
versities and clothing to Vietnam.
Textbooks and clothing are be
ing collected in an end-quarter
drive sponsored by the Student In
ternational Relief Organization
(SIRO).
Textbooks in good condition,
published 1945 or after*, are espe
cially' wanted. Standard authors
or basic works in older editions
are acceptable.
SIRO boxes,are located in each
living group and will remain there
until the end of finals week.
Books will be sent to Asian uni
versities and clothing to Vietnam.
Textbooks and clothing are be
ing collected in an end-quarter
drive sponsored by the Student In
ternational Relief Organization
(SIRO).
Textbooks in good condition,
published 1945 or after*, are espe
cially' wanted. Standard authors
or basic works in older editions
are acceptable.
SIRO boxes,are located in each
living group and will remain there
until the end of finals week.
Books will be sent to Asian uni
versities and clothing to Vietnam.
Textbooks and clothing are be
ing collected in an end-quarter
drive sponsored by the Student In
ternational Relief Organization
(SIRO).
Textbooks in good condition,
published 1945 or after*, are espe
cially' wanted. Standard authors
or basic works in older editions
are acceptable.
SIRO boxes,are located in each
living group and will remain there
until the end of finals week.
Books will be sent to Asian uni
versities and clothing to Vietnam.
Textbooks and clothing are be
ing collected in an end-quarter
drive sponsored by the Student In
ternational Relief Organization
(SIRO).
Textbooks in good condition,
published 1945 or after*, are espe
cially' wanted. Standard authors
or basic works in older editions
are acceptable.
SIRO boxes,are located in each
living group and will remain there
until the end of finals week.
Books will be sent to Asian uni
versities and clothing to Vietnam.
Textbooks and clothing are be
ing collected in an end-quarter
drive sponsored by the Student In
ternational Relief Organization
(SIRO).
Textbooks in good condition,
published 1945 or after*, are espe
cially' wanted. Standard authors
or basic works in older editions
are acceptable.
SIRO boxes,are located in each
living group and will remain there
until the end of finals week.
Books will be sent to Asian uni
versities and clothing to Vietnam.
Textbooks and clothing are be
ing collected in an end-quarter
drive sponsored by the Student In
ternational Relief Organization
(SIRO).
Textbooks in good condition,
published 1945 or after*, are espe
cially' wanted. Standard authors
or basic works in older editions
are acceptable.
SIRO boxes,are located in each
living group and will remain there
until the end of finals week.
Books will be sent to Asian uni
versities and clothing to Vietnam.
Textbooks and clothing are be
ing collected in an end-quarter
drive sponsored by the Student In
ternational Relief Organization
(SIRO).
Textbooks in good condition,
published 1945 or after*, are espe
cially' wanted. Standard authors
or basic works in older editions
are acceptable.
SIRO boxes,are located in each
living group and will remain there
until the end of finals week.
Books will be sent to Asian uni
versities and clothing to Vietnam.
Textbooks and clothing are be
ing collected in an end-quarter
drive sponsored by the Student In
ternational Relief Organization
(SIRO).
Textbooks in good condition,
published 1945 or after*, are espe
cially' wanted. Standard authors
or basic works in older editions
are acceptable.
SIRO boxes,are located in each
living group and will remain there
until the end of finals week.
Books will be sent to Asian uni
versities and clothing to Vietnam.
