# Art Gallery to Hold Exhibit of Current American Painters
## 
### 
Some of the nation's finest ar
tists have been invited to show
their work in the first annual
Purchase Awards Exhibition of
Contemporary American Painters
which will open at the Art Gallery
April 15.
N. Perry Moerdyke Jr. of Palo
Alto, chairman of the Committee
for Art at Stanford, which is spon
soring the show, said the invited
painters will be "those who have
contributed significantly to the
grow th and development of
American painting."
More than 50 exhibiting artists
have been invited from among the
outstanding painters now work
ing and living in the United
States. Each will enter one paint
ing produced between 1950 and
1955.
Three paintings will be selected
from the exhibition for purchase
awards of up to $1000 each.
Some of the nation's finest ar
tists have been invited to show
their work in the first annual
Purchase Awards Exhibition of
Contemporary American Painters
which will open at the Art Gallery
April 15.
N. Perry Moerdyke Jr. of Palo
Alto, chairman of the Committee
for Art at Stanford, which is spon
soring the show, said the invited
painters will be "those who have
contributed significantly to the
grow th and development of
American painting."
More than 50 exhibiting artists
have been invited from among the
outstanding painters now work
ing and living in the United
States. Each will enter one paint
ing produced between 1950 and
1955.
Three paintings will be selected
from the exhibition for purchase
awards of up to $1000 each.
Some of the nation's finest ar
tists have been invited to show
their work in the first annual
Purchase Awards Exhibition of
Contemporary American Painters
which will open at the Art Gallery
April 15.
N. Perry Moerdyke Jr. of Palo
Alto, chairman of the Committee
for Art at Stanford, which is spon
soring the show, said the invited
painters will be "those who have
contributed significantly to the
grow th and development of
American painting."
More than 50 exhibiting artists
have been invited from among the
outstanding painters now work
ing and living in the United
States. Each will enter one paint
ing produced between 1950 and
1955.
Three paintings will be selected
from the exhibition for purchase
awards of up to $1000 each.
Some of the nation's finest ar
tists have been invited to show
their work in the first annual
Purchase Awards Exhibition of
Contemporary American Painters
which will open at the Art Gallery
April 15.
N. Perry Moerdyke Jr. of Palo
Alto, chairman of the Committee
for Art at Stanford, which is spon
soring the show, said the invited
painters will be "those who have
contributed significantly to the
grow th and development of
American painting."
More than 50 exhibiting artists
have been invited from among the
outstanding painters now work
ing and living in the United
States. Each will enter one paint
ing produced between 1950 and
1955.
Three paintings will be selected
from the exhibition for purchase
awards of up to $1000 each.
Some of the nation's finest ar
tists have been invited to show
their work in the first annual
Purchase Awards Exhibition of
Contemporary American Painters
which will open at the Art Gallery
April 15.
N. Perry Moerdyke Jr. of Palo
Alto, chairman of the Committee
for Art at Stanford, which is spon
soring the show, said the invited
painters will be "those who have
contributed significantly to the
grow th and development of
American painting."
More than 50 exhibiting artists
have been invited from among the
outstanding painters now work
ing and living in the United
States. Each will enter one paint
ing produced between 1950 and
1955.
Three paintings will be selected
from the exhibition for purchase
awards of up to $1000 each.
Some of the nation's finest ar
tists have been invited to show
their work in the first annual
Purchase Awards Exhibition of
Contemporary American Painters
which will open at the Art Gallery
April 15.
N. Perry Moerdyke Jr. of Palo
Alto, chairman of the Committee
for Art at Stanford, which is spon
soring the show, said the invited
painters will be "those who have
contributed significantly to the
grow th and development of
American painting."
More than 50 exhibiting artists
have been invited from among the
outstanding painters now work
ing and living in the United
States. Each will enter one paint
ing produced between 1950 and
1955.
Three paintings will be selected
from the exhibition for purchase
awards of up to $1000 each.
Some of the nation's finest ar
tists have been invited to show
their work in the first annual
Purchase Awards Exhibition of
Contemporary American Painters
which will open at the Art Gallery
April 15.
N. Perry Moerdyke Jr. of Palo
Alto, chairman of the Committee
for Art at Stanford, which is spon
soring the show, said the invited
painters will be "those who have
contributed significantly to the
grow th and development of
American painting."
More than 50 exhibiting artists
have been invited from among the
outstanding painters now work
ing and living in the United
States. Each will enter one paint
ing produced between 1950 and
1955.
Three paintings will be selected
from the exhibition for purchase
awards of up to $1000 each.
Some of the nation's finest ar
tists have been invited to show
their work in the first annual
Purchase Awards Exhibition of
Contemporary American Painters
which will open at the Art Gallery
April 15.
N. Perry Moerdyke Jr. of Palo
Alto, chairman of the Committee
for Art at Stanford, which is spon
soring the show, said the invited
painters will be "those who have
contributed significantly to the
grow th and development of
American painting."
More than 50 exhibiting artists
have been invited from among the
outstanding painters now work
ing and living in the United
States. Each will enter one paint
ing produced between 1950 and
1955.
Three paintings will be selected
from the exhibition for purchase
awards of up to $1000 each.
Some of the nation's finest ar
tists have been invited to show
their work in the first annual
Purchase Awards Exhibition of
Contemporary American Painters
which will open at the Art Gallery
April 15.
N. Perry Moerdyke Jr. of Palo
Alto, chairman of the Committee
for Art at Stanford, which is spon
soring the show, said the invited
painters will be "those who have
contributed significantly to the
grow th and development of
American painting."
More than 50 exhibiting artists
have been invited from among the
outstanding painters now work
ing and living in the United
States. Each will enter one paint
ing produced between 1950 and
1955.
Three paintings will be selected
from the exhibition for purchase
awards of up to $1000 each.
Some of the nation's finest ar
tists have been invited to show
their work in the first annual
Purchase Awards Exhibition of
Contemporary American Painters
which will open at the Art Gallery
April 15.
N. Perry Moerdyke Jr. of Palo
Alto, chairman of the Committee
for Art at Stanford, which is spon
soring the show, said the invited
painters will be "those who have
contributed significantly to the
grow th and development of
American painting."
More than 50 exhibiting artists
have been invited from among the
outstanding painters now work
ing and living in the United
States. Each will enter one paint
ing produced between 1950 and
1955.
Three paintings will be selected
from the exhibition for purchase
awards of up to $1000 each.
Some of the nation's finest ar
tists have been invited to show
their work in the first annual
Purchase Awards Exhibition of
Contemporary American Painters
which will open at the Art Gallery
April 15.
N. Perry Moerdyke Jr. of Palo
Alto, chairman of the Committee
for Art at Stanford, which is spon
soring the show, said the invited
painters will be "those who have
contributed significantly to the
grow th and development of
American painting."
More than 50 exhibiting artists
have been invited from among the
outstanding painters now work
ing and living in the United
States. Each will enter one paint
ing produced between 1950 and
1955.
Three paintings will be selected
from the exhibition for purchase
awards of up to $1000 each.
Some of the nation's finest ar
tists have been invited to show
their work in the first annual
Purchase Awards Exhibition of
Contemporary American Painters
which will open at the Art Gallery
April 15.
N. Perry Moerdyke Jr. of Palo
Alto, chairman of the Committee
for Art at Stanford, which is spon
soring the show, said the invited
painters will be "those who have
contributed significantly to the
grow th and development of
American painting."
More than 50 exhibiting artists
have been invited from among the
outstanding painters now work
ing and living in the United
States. Each will enter one paint
ing produced between 1950 and
1955.
Three paintings will be selected
from the exhibition for purchase
awards of up to $1000 each.
Some of the nation's finest ar
tists have been invited to show
their work in the first annual
Purchase Awards Exhibition of
Contemporary American Painters
which will open at the Art Gallery
April 15.
N. Perry Moerdyke Jr. of Palo
Alto, chairman of the Committee
for Art at Stanford, which is spon
soring the show, said the invited
painters will be "those who have
contributed significantly to the
grow th and development of
American painting."
More than 50 exhibiting artists
have been invited from among the
outstanding painters now work
ing and living in the United
States. Each will enter one paint
ing produced between 1950 and
1955.
Three paintings will be selected
from the exhibition for purchase
awards of up to $1000 each.
Some of the nation's finest ar
tists have been invited to show
their work in the first annual
Purchase Awards Exhibition of
Contemporary American Painters
which will open at the Art Gallery
April 15.
N. Perry Moerdyke Jr. of Palo
Alto, chairman of the Committee
for Art at Stanford, which is spon
soring the show, said the invited
painters will be "those who have
contributed significantly to the
grow th and development of
American painting."
More than 50 exhibiting artists
have been invited from among the
outstanding painters now work
ing and living in the United
States. Each will enter one paint
ing produced between 1950 and
1955.
Three paintings will be selected
from the exhibition for purchase
awards of up to $1000 each.
Some of the nation's finest ar
tists have been invited to show
their work in the first annual
Purchase Awards Exhibition of
Contemporary American Painters
which will open at the Art Gallery
April 15.
N. Perry Moerdyke Jr. of Palo
Alto, chairman of the Committee
for Art at Stanford, which is spon
soring the show, said the invited
painters will be "those who have
contributed significantly to the
grow th and development of
American painting."
More than 50 exhibiting artists
have been invited from among the
outstanding painters now work
ing and living in the United
States. Each will enter one paint
ing produced between 1950 and
1955.
Three paintings will be selected
from the exhibition for purchase
awards of up to $1000 each.
