# Cultural Seminars Available in Europe
## 
### 
Students interested in Danish,
Norwegian and Swedish life and
culture may still enroll in the
Scandinavian Seminars for Cultu
ral Studies.
These seminars run for nine
months and afford students the
opportunity of living in Scandi
navian countries.
Interested students may contact
the Scandinavian Seminar for Cul
tural Studies, 127 A East 73rd
Street, New York 21. Cost is $800.
Students interested in Danish,
Norwegian and Swedish life and
culture may still enroll in the
Scandinavian Seminars for Cultu
ral Studies.
These seminars run for nine
months and afford students the
opportunity of living in Scandi
navian countries.
Interested students may contact
the Scandinavian Seminar for Cul
tural Studies, 127 A East 73rd
Street, New York 21. Cost is $800.
Students interested in Danish,
Norwegian and Swedish life and
culture may still enroll in the
Scandinavian Seminars for Cultu
ral Studies.
These seminars run for nine
months and afford students the
opportunity of living in Scandi
navian countries.
Interested students may contact
the Scandinavian Seminar for Cul
tural Studies, 127 A East 73rd
Street, New York 21. Cost is $800.
Students interested in Danish,
Norwegian and Swedish life and
culture may still enroll in the
Scandinavian Seminars for Cultu
ral Studies.
These seminars run for nine
months and afford students the
opportunity of living in Scandi
navian countries.
Interested students may contact
the Scandinavian Seminar for Cul
tural Studies, 127 A East 73rd
Street, New York 21. Cost is $800.
Students interested in Danish,
Norwegian and Swedish life and
culture may still enroll in the
Scandinavian Seminars for Cultu
ral Studies.
These seminars run for nine
months and afford students the
opportunity of living in Scandi
navian countries.
Interested students may contact
the Scandinavian Seminar for Cul
tural Studies, 127 A East 73rd
Street, New York 21. Cost is $800.
Students interested in Danish,
Norwegian and Swedish life and
culture may still enroll in the
Scandinavian Seminars for Cultu
ral Studies.
These seminars run for nine
months and afford students the
opportunity of living in Scandi
navian countries.
Interested students may contact
the Scandinavian Seminar for Cul
tural Studies, 127 A East 73rd
Street, New York 21. Cost is $800.
Students interested in Danish,
Norwegian and Swedish life and
culture may still enroll in the
Scandinavian Seminars for Cultu
ral Studies.
These seminars run for nine
months and afford students the
opportunity of living in Scandi
navian countries.
Interested students may contact
the Scandinavian Seminar for Cul
tural Studies, 127 A East 73rd
Street, New York 21. Cost is $800.
Students interested in Danish,
Norwegian and Swedish life and
culture may still enroll in the
Scandinavian Seminars for Cultu
ral Studies.
These seminars run for nine
months and afford students the
opportunity of living in Scandi
navian countries.
Interested students may contact
the Scandinavian Seminar for Cul
tural Studies, 127 A East 73rd
Street, New York 21. Cost is $800.
Students interested in Danish,
Norwegian and Swedish life and
culture may still enroll in the
Scandinavian Seminars for Cultu
ral Studies.
These seminars run for nine
months and afford students the
opportunity of living in Scandi
navian countries.
Interested students may contact
the Scandinavian Seminar for Cul
tural Studies, 127 A East 73rd
Street, New York 21. Cost is $800.
Students interested in Danish,
Norwegian and Swedish life and
culture may still enroll in the
Scandinavian Seminars for Cultu
ral Studies.
These seminars run for nine
months and afford students the
opportunity of living in Scandi
navian countries.
Interested students may contact
the Scandinavian Seminar for Cul
tural Studies, 127 A East 73rd
Street, New York 21. Cost is $800.
Students interested in Danish,
Norwegian and Swedish life and
culture may still enroll in the
Scandinavian Seminars for Cultu
ral Studies.
These seminars run for nine
months and afford students the
opportunity of living in Scandi
navian countries.
Interested students may contact
the Scandinavian Seminar for Cul
tural Studies, 127 A East 73rd
Street, New York 21. Cost is $800.
Students interested in Danish,
Norwegian and Swedish life and
culture may still enroll in the
Scandinavian Seminars for Cultu
ral Studies.
These seminars run for nine
months and afford students the
opportunity of living in Scandi
navian countries.
Interested students may contact
the Scandinavian Seminar for Cul
tural Studies, 127 A East 73rd
Street, New York 21. Cost is $800.
Students interested in Danish,
Norwegian and Swedish life and
culture may still enroll in the
Scandinavian Seminars for Cultu
ral Studies.
These seminars run for nine
months and afford students the
opportunity of living in Scandi
navian countries.
Interested students may contact
the Scandinavian Seminar for Cul
tural Studies, 127 A East 73rd
Street, New York 21. Cost is $800.
Students interested in Danish,
Norwegian and Swedish life and
culture may still enroll in the
Scandinavian Seminars for Cultu
ral Studies.
These seminars run for nine
months and afford students the
opportunity of living in Scandi
navian countries.
Interested students may contact
the Scandinavian Seminar for Cul
tural Studies, 127 A East 73rd
Street, New York 21. Cost is $800.
Students interested in Danish,
Norwegian and Swedish life and
culture may still enroll in the
Scandinavian Seminars for Cultu
ral Studies.
These seminars run for nine
months and afford students the
opportunity of living in Scandi
navian countries.
Interested students may contact
the Scandinavian Seminar for Cul
tural Studies, 127 A East 73rd
Street, New York 21. Cost is $800.
