# KEYSTONERS WITH BATS
## 
### 
Infielders Philippi and Delmas
captured the CIBA batting titles
in 1932 and 1933 with .508 and
.525 averages, respectively.
Infielders Philippi and Delmas
captured the CIBA batting titles
in 1932 and 1933 with .508 and
.525 averages, respectively.
Infielders Philippi and Delmas
captured the CIBA batting titles
in 1932 and 1933 with .508 and
.525 averages, respectively.
Infielders Philippi and Delmas
captured the CIBA batting titles
in 1932 and 1933 with .508 and
.525 averages, respectively.
Infielders Philippi and Delmas
captured the CIBA batting titles
in 1932 and 1933 with .508 and
.525 averages, respectively.
Infielders Philippi and Delmas
captured the CIBA batting titles
in 1932 and 1933 with .508 and
.525 averages, respectively.
Infielders Philippi and Delmas
captured the CIBA batting titles
in 1932 and 1933 with .508 and
.525 averages, respectively.
Infielders Philippi and Delmas
captured the CIBA batting titles
in 1932 and 1933 with .508 and
.525 averages, respectively.
Infielders Philippi and Delmas
captured the CIBA batting titles
in 1932 and 1933 with .508 and
.525 averages, respectively.
Infielders Philippi and Delmas
captured the CIBA batting titles
in 1932 and 1933 with .508 and
.525 averages, respectively.
Infielders Philippi and Delmas
captured the CIBA batting titles
in 1932 and 1933 with .508 and
.525 averages, respectively.
Infielders Philippi and Delmas
captured the CIBA batting titles
in 1932 and 1933 with .508 and
.525 averages, respectively.
Infielders Philippi and Delmas
captured the CIBA batting titles
in 1932 and 1933 with .508 and
.525 averages, respectively.
Infielders Philippi and Delmas
captured the CIBA batting titles
in 1932 and 1933 with .508 and
.525 averages, respectively.
Infielders Philippi and Delmas
captured the CIBA batting titles
in 1932 and 1933 with .508 and
.525 averages, respectively.
