# Morocco Demands Spanish Morocco
## 
### 
RABAT, Morocco, March 7
(UPI Moroccans backed by their
sultan today demanded independ
ence f<w Spanish Morocco and
integration of the territory into
their new empire.
Sultan Mohammed ben Youssef.
fresh from winning independence
for French Morocco after 11 years
of control by France, warned
Spain that its opposition to Mo
roccan unification "risks compro
mising Spanish • Moroccan rela-
RABAT, Morocco, March 7
(UPI Moroccans backed by their
sultan today demanded independ
ence f<w Spanish Morocco and
integration of the territory into
their new empire.
Sultan Mohammed ben Youssef.
fresh from winning independence
for French Morocco after 11 years
of control by France, warned
Spain that its opposition to Mo
roccan unification "risks compro
mising Spanish • Moroccan rela-
RABAT, Morocco, March 7
(UPI Moroccans backed by their
sultan today demanded independ
ence f<w Spanish Morocco and
integration of the territory into
their new empire.
Sultan Mohammed ben Youssef.
fresh from winning independence
for French Morocco after 11 years
of control by France, warned
Spain that its opposition to Mo
roccan unification "risks compro
mising Spanish • Moroccan rela-
RABAT, Morocco, March 7
(UPI Moroccans backed by their
sultan today demanded independ
ence f<w Spanish Morocco and
integration of the territory into
their new empire.
Sultan Mohammed ben Youssef.
fresh from winning independence
for French Morocco after 11 years
of control by France, warned
Spain that its opposition to Mo
roccan unification "risks compro
mising Spanish • Moroccan rela-
RABAT, Morocco, March 7
(UPI Moroccans backed by their
sultan today demanded independ
ence f<w Spanish Morocco and
integration of the territory into
their new empire.
Sultan Mohammed ben Youssef.
fresh from winning independence
for French Morocco after 11 years
of control by France, warned
Spain that its opposition to Mo
roccan unification "risks compro
mising Spanish • Moroccan rela-
RABAT, Morocco, March 7
(UPI Moroccans backed by their
sultan today demanded independ
ence f<w Spanish Morocco and
integration of the territory into
their new empire.
Sultan Mohammed ben Youssef.
fresh from winning independence
for French Morocco after 11 years
of control by France, warned
Spain that its opposition to Mo
roccan unification "risks compro
mising Spanish • Moroccan rela-
RABAT, Morocco, March 7
(UPI Moroccans backed by their
sultan today demanded independ
ence f<w Spanish Morocco and
integration of the territory into
their new empire.
Sultan Mohammed ben Youssef.
fresh from winning independence
for French Morocco after 11 years
of control by France, warned
Spain that its opposition to Mo
roccan unification "risks compro
mising Spanish • Moroccan rela-
RABAT, Morocco, March 7
(UPI Moroccans backed by their
sultan today demanded independ
ence f<w Spanish Morocco and
integration of the territory into
their new empire.
Sultan Mohammed ben Youssef.
fresh from winning independence
for French Morocco after 11 years
of control by France, warned
Spain that its opposition to Mo
roccan unification "risks compro
mising Spanish • Moroccan rela-
RABAT, Morocco, March 7
(UPI Moroccans backed by their
sultan today demanded independ
ence f<w Spanish Morocco and
integration of the territory into
their new empire.
Sultan Mohammed ben Youssef.
fresh from winning independence
for French Morocco after 11 years
of control by France, warned
Spain that its opposition to Mo
roccan unification "risks compro
mising Spanish • Moroccan rela-
RABAT, Morocco, March 7
(UPI Moroccans backed by their
sultan today demanded independ
ence f<w Spanish Morocco and
integration of the territory into
their new empire.
Sultan Mohammed ben Youssef.
fresh from winning independence
for French Morocco after 11 years
of control by France, warned
Spain that its opposition to Mo
roccan unification "risks compro
mising Spanish • Moroccan rela-
RABAT, Morocco, March 7
(UPI Moroccans backed by their
sultan today demanded independ
ence f<w Spanish Morocco and
integration of the territory into
their new empire.
Sultan Mohammed ben Youssef.
fresh from winning independence
for French Morocco after 11 years
of control by France, warned
Spain that its opposition to Mo
roccan unification "risks compro
mising Spanish • Moroccan rela-
RABAT, Morocco, March 7
(UPI Moroccans backed by their
sultan today demanded independ
ence f<w Spanish Morocco and
integration of the territory into
their new empire.
Sultan Mohammed ben Youssef.
fresh from winning independence
for French Morocco after 11 years
of control by France, warned
Spain that its opposition to Mo
roccan unification "risks compro
mising Spanish • Moroccan rela-
RABAT, Morocco, March 7
(UPI Moroccans backed by their
sultan today demanded independ
ence f<w Spanish Morocco and
integration of the territory into
their new empire.
Sultan Mohammed ben Youssef.
fresh from winning independence
for French Morocco after 11 years
of control by France, warned
Spain that its opposition to Mo
roccan unification "risks compro
mising Spanish • Moroccan rela-
RABAT, Morocco, March 7
(UPI Moroccans backed by their
sultan today demanded independ
ence f<w Spanish Morocco and
integration of the territory into
their new empire.
Sultan Mohammed ben Youssef.
fresh from winning independence
for French Morocco after 11 years
of control by France, warned
Spain that its opposition to Mo
roccan unification "risks compro
mising Spanish • Moroccan rela-
RABAT, Morocco, March 7
(UPI Moroccans backed by their
sultan today demanded independ
ence f<w Spanish Morocco and
integration of the territory into
their new empire.
Sultan Mohammed ben Youssef.
fresh from winning independence
for French Morocco after 11 years
of control by France, warned
Spain that its opposition to Mo
roccan unification "risks compro
mising Spanish • Moroccan rela-
