# WASHINGTON STATE COLLEGE TO MEET STANFORD QUINTET TONIGHT
## "War is Avoidable" David Star Jordan Chancellor Holds President Wilson Capable of Dealing With Crisis 
### 
Breaking of diplomatic relations
need not be followed by actual war,
believes Chancellor Emeritus David
Starr Jordan. Dr. Jordan believes
furthermore, that Americans can be
absolutely confident that President
Wilson will act to keep this country
out of war, if such is possible.
"The President thoroughly under
stands the situation and is in touch
with the spirit of the American peo
ple," says Dr. Jordan. "Whatever
happens, the American people will
stand by him. I have entire faith in
his wisdom and in his devotion to
peace. Even in this most repellent
crisis, it is well to go very slowly.
We must remember also that it is
merely a tradition, in fact a super
stition, that international deeds of
brutality must be avenged by inter
national war.
"I hope that we may avoid war. 1
cannot foretell what incidents will
come in dealing with a government
under control of utter desperation.
The breaking of relations was the
work of the Germans. There is no
way to escape from that. There is no
need of regarding war as necessary,
unless they commit some overt act in
deliberate attack on our rights. Even
in that case there may be some way
out of it through some kind of a con
ference for peace.
"We may consider that the crime of
folly of desperation is not to be pun
ished by force of arms. The homo
evils of war would be enormous, and
the loss of our commanding position
as spokesman for neutrals would be
unfortunate for us and for the world.
Even in a state of war it would not
be necessary to send troops or ships
to Europe.
"There are strong reasons for not
sending armed forces to another con
tinent. The confusion at home which
war might produce is more to be
dreaded than adventure likely to over
take us on the outside. The business
of a republic is to see justice among
its own citizens and war and social
progress do not get on together."
