# Professor Krehbiel to Lecture on War
## 
### 
A series of talks will be given by
prominent faculty men in the Stan
ford Union, beginning Friday evening,
when Professor E. 13. Krehbiel of the
History department will lecture on the
present war situation, according to
Manager "Tal" Smith, '14, of the Stan
ford Union.
With the exception of the Krehbiel
address, all of these meetings will be
held on Snnday evening. It is planned
that they will not conflict with the
series of Y. M. C. A. talks given at
Encina Hall, Sunday evening, the
probable solution of conflicts being to
make the two series of lectures come
on alternate Sunday evenings.
Professor P. J. Treat of the History
department will speak on Sunday eve
ning on the Japanese question, on
which he is one of the most noted au
thorities in this country. The talk by
R. H. Baldwin, scheduled for next
Sunday at Encina by the Y. M. C. A.,
has been postponed, so there will be
no conflict. Music has been arranged
for both the Treat and Krehbiel meet
ings.
Other speakers who will talk at the
Union later on in the semester are
Assistant Professor S. I. Miller, Jr.,
of the Economics department; Pro
fessor A. W. Meyer of the Anatomy
department; Dean C. A. Huston of the
Law school, and Associate Professor
J. P. Mitchell of the Chemistry de
partment.
A series of talks will be given by
prominent faculty men in the Stan
ford Union, beginning Friday evening,
when Professor E. 13. Krehbiel of the
History department will lecture on the
present war situation, according to
Manager "Tal" Smith, '14, of the Stan
ford Union.
With the exception of the Krehbiel
address, all of these meetings will be
held on Snnday evening. It is planned
that they will not conflict with the
series of Y. M. C. A. talks given at
Encina Hall, Sunday evening, the
probable solution of conflicts being to
make the two series of lectures come
on alternate Sunday evenings.
Professor P. J. Treat of the History
department will speak on Sunday eve
ning on the Japanese question, on
which he is one of the most noted au
thorities in this country. The talk by
R. H. Baldwin, scheduled for next
Sunday at Encina by the Y. M. C. A.,
has been postponed, so there will be
no conflict. Music has been arranged
for both the Treat and Krehbiel meet
ings.
Other speakers who will talk at the
Union later on in the semester are
Assistant Professor S. I. Miller, Jr.,
of the Economics department; Pro
fessor A. W. Meyer of the Anatomy
department; Dean C. A. Huston of the
Law school, and Associate Professor
J. P. Mitchell of the Chemistry de
partment.
A series of talks will be given by
prominent faculty men in the Stan
ford Union, beginning Friday evening,
when Professor E. 13. Krehbiel of the
History department will lecture on the
present war situation, according to
Manager "Tal" Smith, '14, of the Stan
ford Union.
With the exception of the Krehbiel
address, all of these meetings will be
held on Snnday evening. It is planned
that they will not conflict with the
series of Y. M. C. A. talks given at
Encina Hall, Sunday evening, the
probable solution of conflicts being to
make the two series of lectures come
on alternate Sunday evenings.
Professor P. J. Treat of the History
department will speak on Sunday eve
ning on the Japanese question, on
which he is one of the most noted au
thorities in this country. The talk by
R. H. Baldwin, scheduled for next
Sunday at Encina by the Y. M. C. A.,
has been postponed, so there will be
no conflict. Music has been arranged
for both the Treat and Krehbiel meet
ings.
Other speakers who will talk at the
Union later on in the semester are
Assistant Professor S. I. Miller, Jr.,
of the Economics department; Pro
fessor A. W. Meyer of the Anatomy
department; Dean C. A. Huston of the
Law school, and Associate Professor
J. P. Mitchell of the Chemistry de
partment.
A series of talks will be given by
prominent faculty men in the Stan
ford Union, beginning Friday evening,
when Professor E. 13. Krehbiel of the
History department will lecture on the
present war situation, according to
Manager "Tal" Smith, '14, of the Stan
ford Union.
With the exception of the Krehbiel
address, all of these meetings will be
held on Snnday evening. It is planned
that they will not conflict with the
series of Y. M. C. A. talks given at
Encina Hall, Sunday evening, the
probable solution of conflicts being to
make the two series of lectures come
on alternate Sunday evenings.
Professor P. J. Treat of the History
department will speak on Sunday eve
ning on the Japanese question, on
which he is one of the most noted au
thorities in this country. The talk by
R. H. Baldwin, scheduled for next
Sunday at Encina by the Y. M. C. A.,
has been postponed, so there will be
no conflict. Music has been arranged
for both the Treat and Krehbiel meet
ings.
Other speakers who will talk at the
Union later on in the semester are
Assistant Professor S. I. Miller, Jr.,
of the Economics department; Pro
fessor A. W. Meyer of the Anatomy
department; Dean C. A. Huston of the
Law school, and Associate Professor
J. P. Mitchell of the Chemistry de
partment.
A series of talks will be given by
prominent faculty men in the Stan
ford Union, beginning Friday evening,
when Professor E. 13. Krehbiel of the
History department will lecture on the
present war situation, according to
Manager "Tal" Smith, '14, of the Stan
ford Union.
With the exception of the Krehbiel
address, all of these meetings will be
held on Snnday evening. It is planned
that they will not conflict with the
series of Y. M. C. A. talks given at
Encina Hall, Sunday evening, the
probable solution of conflicts being to
make the two series of lectures come
on alternate Sunday evenings.
Professor P. J. Treat of the History
department will speak on Sunday eve
ning on the Japanese question, on
which he is one of the most noted au
thorities in this country. The talk by
R. H. Baldwin, scheduled for next
Sunday at Encina by the Y. M. C. A.,
has been postponed, so there will be
no conflict. Music has been arranged
for both the Treat and Krehbiel meet
ings.
Other speakers who will talk at the
Union later on in the semester are
Assistant Professor S. I. Miller, Jr.,
of the Economics department; Pro
fessor A. W. Meyer of the Anatomy
department; Dean C. A. Huston of the
Law school, and Associate Professor
J. P. Mitchell of the Chemistry de
partment.
A series of talks will be given by
prominent faculty men in the Stan
ford Union, beginning Friday evening,
when Professor E. 13. Krehbiel of the
History department will lecture on the
present war situation, according to
Manager "Tal" Smith, '14, of the Stan
ford Union.
With the exception of the Krehbiel
address, all of these meetings will be
held on Snnday evening. It is planned
that they will not conflict with the
series of Y. M. C. A. talks given at
Encina Hall, Sunday evening, the
probable solution of conflicts being to
make the two series of lectures come
on alternate Sunday evenings.
Professor P. J. Treat of the History
department will speak on Sunday eve
ning on the Japanese question, on
which he is one of the most noted au
thorities in this country. The talk by
R. H. Baldwin, scheduled for next
Sunday at Encina by the Y. M. C. A.,
has been postponed, so there will be
no conflict. Music has been arranged
for both the Treat and Krehbiel meet
ings.
Other speakers who will talk at the
Union later on in the semester are
Assistant Professor S. I. Miller, Jr.,
of the Economics department; Pro
fessor A. W. Meyer of the Anatomy
department; Dean C. A. Huston of the
Law school, and Associate Professor
J. P. Mitchell of the Chemistry de
partment.
A series of talks will be given by
prominent faculty men in the Stan
ford Union, beginning Friday evening,
when Professor E. 13. Krehbiel of the
History department will lecture on the
present war situation, according to
Manager "Tal" Smith, '14, of the Stan
ford Union.
With the exception of the Krehbiel
address, all of these meetings will be
held on Snnday evening. It is planned
that they will not conflict with the
series of Y. M. C. A. talks given at
Encina Hall, Sunday evening, the
probable solution of conflicts being to
make the two series of lectures come
on alternate Sunday evenings.
Professor P. J. Treat of the History
department will speak on Sunday eve
ning on the Japanese question, on
which he is one of the most noted au
thorities in this country. The talk by
R. H. Baldwin, scheduled for next
Sunday at Encina by the Y. M. C. A.,
has been postponed, so there will be
no conflict. Music has been arranged
for both the Treat and Krehbiel meet
ings.
Other speakers who will talk at the
Union later on in the semester are
Assistant Professor S. I. Miller, Jr.,
of the Economics department; Pro
fessor A. W. Meyer of the Anatomy
department; Dean C. A. Huston of the
Law school, and Associate Professor
J. P. Mitchell of the Chemistry de
partment.
A series of talks will be given by
prominent faculty men in the Stan
ford Union, beginning Friday evening,
when Professor E. 13. Krehbiel of the
History department will lecture on the
present war situation, according to
Manager "Tal" Smith, '14, of the Stan
ford Union.
With the exception of the Krehbiel
address, all of these meetings will be
held on Snnday evening. It is planned
that they will not conflict with the
series of Y. M. C. A. talks given at
Encina Hall, Sunday evening, the
probable solution of conflicts being to
make the two series of lectures come
on alternate Sunday evenings.
Professor P. J. Treat of the History
department will speak on Sunday eve
ning on the Japanese question, on
which he is one of the most noted au
thorities in this country. The talk by
R. H. Baldwin, scheduled for next
Sunday at Encina by the Y. M. C. A.,
has been postponed, so there will be
no conflict. Music has been arranged
for both the Treat and Krehbiel meet
ings.
Other speakers who will talk at the
Union later on in the semester are
Assistant Professor S. I. Miller, Jr.,
of the Economics department; Pro
fessor A. W. Meyer of the Anatomy
department; Dean C. A. Huston of the
Law school, and Associate Professor
J. P. Mitchell of the Chemistry de
partment.
A series of talks will be given by
prominent faculty men in the Stan
ford Union, beginning Friday evening,
when Professor E. 13. Krehbiel of the
History department will lecture on the
present war situation, according to
Manager "Tal" Smith, '14, of the Stan
ford Union.
With the exception of the Krehbiel
address, all of these meetings will be
held on Snnday evening. It is planned
that they will not conflict with the
series of Y. M. C. A. talks given at
Encina Hall, Sunday evening, the
probable solution of conflicts being to
make the two series of lectures come
on alternate Sunday evenings.
Professor P. J. Treat of the History
department will speak on Sunday eve
ning on the Japanese question, on
which he is one of the most noted au
thorities in this country. The talk by
R. H. Baldwin, scheduled for next
Sunday at Encina by the Y. M. C. A.,
has been postponed, so there will be
no conflict. Music has been arranged
for both the Treat and Krehbiel meet
ings.
Other speakers who will talk at the
Union later on in the semester are
Assistant Professor S. I. Miller, Jr.,
of the Economics department; Pro
fessor A. W. Meyer of the Anatomy
department; Dean C. A. Huston of the
Law school, and Associate Professor
J. P. Mitchell of the Chemistry de
partment.
A series of talks will be given by
prominent faculty men in the Stan
ford Union, beginning Friday evening,
when Professor E. 13. Krehbiel of the
History department will lecture on the
present war situation, according to
Manager "Tal" Smith, '14, of the Stan
ford Union.
With the exception of the Krehbiel
address, all of these meetings will be
held on Snnday evening. It is planned
that they will not conflict with the
series of Y. M. C. A. talks given at
Encina Hall, Sunday evening, the
probable solution of conflicts being to
make the two series of lectures come
on alternate Sunday evenings.
Professor P. J. Treat of the History
department will speak on Sunday eve
ning on the Japanese question, on
which he is one of the most noted au
thorities in this country. The talk by
R. H. Baldwin, scheduled for next
Sunday at Encina by the Y. M. C. A.,
has been postponed, so there will be
no conflict. Music has been arranged
for both the Treat and Krehbiel meet
ings.
Other speakers who will talk at the
Union later on in the semester are
Assistant Professor S. I. Miller, Jr.,
of the Economics department; Pro
fessor A. W. Meyer of the Anatomy
department; Dean C. A. Huston of the
Law school, and Associate Professor
J. P. Mitchell of the Chemistry de
partment.
A series of talks will be given by
prominent faculty men in the Stan
ford Union, beginning Friday evening,
when Professor E. 13. Krehbiel of the
History department will lecture on the
present war situation, according to
Manager "Tal" Smith, '14, of the Stan
ford Union.
With the exception of the Krehbiel
address, all of these meetings will be
held on Snnday evening. It is planned
that they will not conflict with the
series of Y. M. C. A. talks given at
Encina Hall, Sunday evening, the
probable solution of conflicts being to
make the two series of lectures come
on alternate Sunday evenings.
Professor P. J. Treat of the History
department will speak on Sunday eve
ning on the Japanese question, on
which he is one of the most noted au
thorities in this country. The talk by
R. H. Baldwin, scheduled for next
Sunday at Encina by the Y. M. C. A.,
has been postponed, so there will be
no conflict. Music has been arranged
for both the Treat and Krehbiel meet
ings.
Other speakers who will talk at the
Union later on in the semester are
Assistant Professor S. I. Miller, Jr.,
of the Economics department; Pro
fessor A. W. Meyer of the Anatomy
department; Dean C. A. Huston of the
Law school, and Associate Professor
J. P. Mitchell of the Chemistry de
partment.
A series of talks will be given by
prominent faculty men in the Stan
ford Union, beginning Friday evening,
when Professor E. 13. Krehbiel of the
History department will lecture on the
present war situation, according to
Manager "Tal" Smith, '14, of the Stan
ford Union.
With the exception of the Krehbiel
address, all of these meetings will be
held on Snnday evening. It is planned
that they will not conflict with the
series of Y. M. C. A. talks given at
Encina Hall, Sunday evening, the
probable solution of conflicts being to
make the two series of lectures come
on alternate Sunday evenings.
Professor P. J. Treat of the History
department will speak on Sunday eve
ning on the Japanese question, on
which he is one of the most noted au
thorities in this country. The talk by
R. H. Baldwin, scheduled for next
Sunday at Encina by the Y. M. C. A.,
has been postponed, so there will be
no conflict. Music has been arranged
for both the Treat and Krehbiel meet
ings.
Other speakers who will talk at the
Union later on in the semester are
Assistant Professor S. I. Miller, Jr.,
of the Economics department; Pro
fessor A. W. Meyer of the Anatomy
department; Dean C. A. Huston of the
Law school, and Associate Professor
J. P. Mitchell of the Chemistry de
partment.
A series of talks will be given by
prominent faculty men in the Stan
ford Union, beginning Friday evening,
when Professor E. 13. Krehbiel of the
History department will lecture on the
present war situation, according to
Manager "Tal" Smith, '14, of the Stan
ford Union.
With the exception of the Krehbiel
address, all of these meetings will be
held on Snnday evening. It is planned
that they will not conflict with the
series of Y. M. C. A. talks given at
Encina Hall, Sunday evening, the
probable solution of conflicts being to
make the two series of lectures come
on alternate Sunday evenings.
Professor P. J. Treat of the History
department will speak on Sunday eve
ning on the Japanese question, on
which he is one of the most noted au
thorities in this country. The talk by
R. H. Baldwin, scheduled for next
Sunday at Encina by the Y. M. C. A.,
has been postponed, so there will be
no conflict. Music has been arranged
for both the Treat and Krehbiel meet
ings.
Other speakers who will talk at the
Union later on in the semester are
Assistant Professor S. I. Miller, Jr.,
of the Economics department; Pro
fessor A. W. Meyer of the Anatomy
department; Dean C. A. Huston of the
Law school, and Associate Professor
J. P. Mitchell of the Chemistry de
partment.
A series of talks will be given by
prominent faculty men in the Stan
ford Union, beginning Friday evening,
when Professor E. 13. Krehbiel of the
History department will lecture on the
present war situation, according to
Manager "Tal" Smith, '14, of the Stan
ford Union.
With the exception of the Krehbiel
address, all of these meetings will be
held on Snnday evening. It is planned
that they will not conflict with the
series of Y. M. C. A. talks given at
Encina Hall, Sunday evening, the
probable solution of conflicts being to
make the two series of lectures come
on alternate Sunday evenings.
Professor P. J. Treat of the History
department will speak on Sunday eve
ning on the Japanese question, on
which he is one of the most noted au
thorities in this country. The talk by
R. H. Baldwin, scheduled for next
Sunday at Encina by the Y. M. C. A.,
has been postponed, so there will be
no conflict. Music has been arranged
for both the Treat and Krehbiel meet
ings.
Other speakers who will talk at the
Union later on in the semester are
Assistant Professor S. I. Miller, Jr.,
of the Economics department; Pro
fessor A. W. Meyer of the Anatomy
department; Dean C. A. Huston of the
Law school, and Associate Professor
J. P. Mitchell of the Chemistry de
partment.
A series of talks will be given by
prominent faculty men in the Stan
ford Union, beginning Friday evening,
when Professor E. 13. Krehbiel of the
History department will lecture on the
present war situation, according to
Manager "Tal" Smith, '14, of the Stan
ford Union.
With the exception of the Krehbiel
address, all of these meetings will be
held on Snnday evening. It is planned
that they will not conflict with the
series of Y. M. C. A. talks given at
Encina Hall, Sunday evening, the
probable solution of conflicts being to
make the two series of lectures come
on alternate Sunday evenings.
Professor P. J. Treat of the History
department will speak on Sunday eve
ning on the Japanese question, on
which he is one of the most noted au
thorities in this country. The talk by
R. H. Baldwin, scheduled for next
Sunday at Encina by the Y. M. C. A.,
has been postponed, so there will be
no conflict. Music has been arranged
for both the Treat and Krehbiel meet
ings.
Other speakers who will talk at the
Union later on in the semester are
Assistant Professor S. I. Miller, Jr.,
of the Economics department; Pro
fessor A. W. Meyer of the Anatomy
department; Dean C. A. Huston of the
Law school, and Associate Professor
J. P. Mitchell of the Chemistry de
partment.
