# Adv. 7 Page 3
## 
### 
Passport Photos
If you wallet has been on a
diet recently—have your
passport photo taken by the
Stanford Daily Passport Photo
Service. We're open 1 -3 p.m.
Monday through Friday. We
charge $3.50 for twelve
pictures. Walk in the front
door of the Daily Bldg.
(Storke Publications Bldg.),
turn right and proceed. Info:
call X 4 634 afternoons and
, evenings only, please.
Passport Photos
If you wallet has been on a
diet recently—have your
passport photo taken by the
Stanford Daily Passport Photo
Service. We're open 1 -3 p.m.
Monday through Friday. We
charge $3.50 for twelve
pictures. Walk in the front
door of the Daily Bldg.
(Storke Publications Bldg.),
turn right and proceed. Info:
call X 4 634 afternoons and
, evenings only, please.
Passport Photos
If you wallet has been on a
diet recently—have your
passport photo taken by the
Stanford Daily Passport Photo
Service. We're open 1 -3 p.m.
Monday through Friday. We
charge $3.50 for twelve
pictures. Walk in the front
door of the Daily Bldg.
(Storke Publications Bldg.),
turn right and proceed. Info:
call X 4 634 afternoons and
, evenings only, please.
Passport Photos
If you wallet has been on a
diet recently—have your
passport photo taken by the
Stanford Daily Passport Photo
Service. We're open 1 -3 p.m.
Monday through Friday. We
charge $3.50 for twelve
pictures. Walk in the front
door of the Daily Bldg.
(Storke Publications Bldg.),
turn right and proceed. Info:
call X 4 634 afternoons and
, evenings only, please.
Passport Photos
If you wallet has been on a
diet recently—have your
passport photo taken by the
Stanford Daily Passport Photo
Service. We're open 1 -3 p.m.
Monday through Friday. We
charge $3.50 for twelve
pictures. Walk in the front
door of the Daily Bldg.
(Storke Publications Bldg.),
turn right and proceed. Info:
call X 4 634 afternoons and
, evenings only, please.
Passport Photos
If you wallet has been on a
diet recently—have your
passport photo taken by the
Stanford Daily Passport Photo
Service. We're open 1 -3 p.m.
Monday through Friday. We
charge $3.50 for twelve
pictures. Walk in the front
door of the Daily Bldg.
(Storke Publications Bldg.),
turn right and proceed. Info:
call X 4 634 afternoons and
, evenings only, please.
Passport Photos
If you wallet has been on a
diet recently—have your
passport photo taken by the
Stanford Daily Passport Photo
Service. We're open 1 -3 p.m.
Monday through Friday. We
charge $3.50 for twelve
pictures. Walk in the front
door of the Daily Bldg.
(Storke Publications Bldg.),
turn right and proceed. Info:
call X 4 634 afternoons and
, evenings only, please.
Passport Photos
If you wallet has been on a
diet recently—have your
passport photo taken by the
Stanford Daily Passport Photo
Service. We're open 1 -3 p.m.
Monday through Friday. We
charge $3.50 for twelve
pictures. Walk in the front
door of the Daily Bldg.
(Storke Publications Bldg.),
turn right and proceed. Info:
call X 4 634 afternoons and
, evenings only, please.
Passport Photos
If you wallet has been on a
diet recently—have your
passport photo taken by the
Stanford Daily Passport Photo
Service. We're open 1 -3 p.m.
Monday through Friday. We
charge $3.50 for twelve
pictures. Walk in the front
door of the Daily Bldg.
(Storke Publications Bldg.),
turn right and proceed. Info:
call X 4 634 afternoons and
, evenings only, please.
Passport Photos
If you wallet has been on a
diet recently—have your
passport photo taken by the
Stanford Daily Passport Photo
Service. We're open 1 -3 p.m.
Monday through Friday. We
charge $3.50 for twelve
pictures. Walk in the front
door of the Daily Bldg.
(Storke Publications Bldg.),
turn right and proceed. Info:
call X 4 634 afternoons and
, evenings only, please.
Passport Photos
If you wallet has been on a
diet recently—have your
passport photo taken by the
Stanford Daily Passport Photo
Service. We're open 1 -3 p.m.
Monday through Friday. We
charge $3.50 for twelve
pictures. Walk in the front
door of the Daily Bldg.
(Storke Publications Bldg.),
turn right and proceed. Info:
call X 4 634 afternoons and
, evenings only, please.
Passport Photos
If you wallet has been on a
diet recently—have your
passport photo taken by the
Stanford Daily Passport Photo
Service. We're open 1 -3 p.m.
Monday through Friday. We
charge $3.50 for twelve
pictures. Walk in the front
door of the Daily Bldg.
(Storke Publications Bldg.),
turn right and proceed. Info:
call X 4 634 afternoons and
, evenings only, please.
Passport Photos
If you wallet has been on a
diet recently—have your
passport photo taken by the
Stanford Daily Passport Photo
Service. We're open 1 -3 p.m.
Monday through Friday. We
charge $3.50 for twelve
pictures. Walk in the front
door of the Daily Bldg.
(Storke Publications Bldg.),
turn right and proceed. Info:
call X 4 634 afternoons and
, evenings only, please.
Passport Photos
If you wallet has been on a
diet recently—have your
passport photo taken by the
Stanford Daily Passport Photo
Service. We're open 1 -3 p.m.
Monday through Friday. We
charge $3.50 for twelve
pictures. Walk in the front
door of the Daily Bldg.
(Storke Publications Bldg.),
turn right and proceed. Info:
call X 4 634 afternoons and
, evenings only, please.
