# On Look-Out
## 
### 

COACH EDDIE TWIGGS,
Stanford golf coach, is looking
for ail unidentified Stanford man
who made a hole-in-one on the
Farm golf course this week.

COACH EDDIE TWIGGS,
Stanford golf coach, is looking
for ail unidentified Stanford man
who made a hole-in-one on the
Farm golf course this week.

COACH EDDIE TWIGGS,
Stanford golf coach, is looking
for ail unidentified Stanford man
who made a hole-in-one on the
Farm golf course this week.

COACH EDDIE TWIGGS,
Stanford golf coach, is looking
for ail unidentified Stanford man
who made a hole-in-one on the
Farm golf course this week.

COACH EDDIE TWIGGS,
Stanford golf coach, is looking
for ail unidentified Stanford man
who made a hole-in-one on the
Farm golf course this week.

COACH EDDIE TWIGGS,
Stanford golf coach, is looking
for ail unidentified Stanford man
who made a hole-in-one on the
Farm golf course this week.

COACH EDDIE TWIGGS,
Stanford golf coach, is looking
for ail unidentified Stanford man
who made a hole-in-one on the
Farm golf course this week.

COACH EDDIE TWIGGS,
Stanford golf coach, is looking
for ail unidentified Stanford man
who made a hole-in-one on the
Farm golf course this week.

COACH EDDIE TWIGGS,
Stanford golf coach, is looking
for ail unidentified Stanford man
who made a hole-in-one on the
Farm golf course this week.

COACH EDDIE TWIGGS,
Stanford golf coach, is looking
for ail unidentified Stanford man
who made a hole-in-one on the
Farm golf course this week.

COACH EDDIE TWIGGS,
Stanford golf coach, is looking
for ail unidentified Stanford man
who made a hole-in-one on the
Farm golf course this week.

COACH EDDIE TWIGGS,
Stanford golf coach, is looking
for ail unidentified Stanford man
who made a hole-in-one on the
Farm golf course this week.

COACH EDDIE TWIGGS,
Stanford golf coach, is looking
for ail unidentified Stanford man
who made a hole-in-one on the
Farm golf course this week.

COACH EDDIE TWIGGS,
Stanford golf coach, is looking
for ail unidentified Stanford man
who made a hole-in-one on the
Farm golf course this week.

COACH EDDIE TWIGGS,
Stanford golf coach, is looking
for ail unidentified Stanford man
who made a hole-in-one on the
Farm golf course this week.

COACH EDDIE TWIGGS,
Stanford golf coach, is looking
for ail unidentified Stanford man
who made a hole-in-one on the
Farm golf course this week.
