# Lindberghs Dodge Autograph Seekers
## 
### 
BOULOGNE, France, April 29 (#>).
—Colonel and Mrs. Charles A. Lind
bergh left France for England today
after townsfolk at a seaside resort
near here refused the flyer's plea
for privacy.
They sailed for Folkstone later in
the afternoon after only six days in
France, most of the time driving
their car in small villages where
they were not recognized—but today
they were. Townsfolk besieged thein
in their hotel, demanding auto
graphs.
BOULOGNE, France, April 29 (#>).
—Colonel and Mrs. Charles A. Lind
bergh left France for England today
after townsfolk at a seaside resort
near here refused the flyer's plea
for privacy.
They sailed for Folkstone later in
the afternoon after only six days in
France, most of the time driving
their car in small villages where
they were not recognized—but today
they were. Townsfolk besieged thein
in their hotel, demanding auto
graphs.
BOULOGNE, France, April 29 (#>).
—Colonel and Mrs. Charles A. Lind
bergh left France for England today
after townsfolk at a seaside resort
near here refused the flyer's plea
for privacy.
They sailed for Folkstone later in
the afternoon after only six days in
France, most of the time driving
their car in small villages where
they were not recognized—but today
they were. Townsfolk besieged thein
in their hotel, demanding auto
graphs.
BOULOGNE, France, April 29 (#>).
—Colonel and Mrs. Charles A. Lind
bergh left France for England today
after townsfolk at a seaside resort
near here refused the flyer's plea
for privacy.
They sailed for Folkstone later in
the afternoon after only six days in
France, most of the time driving
their car in small villages where
they were not recognized—but today
they were. Townsfolk besieged thein
in their hotel, demanding auto
graphs.
BOULOGNE, France, April 29 (#>).
—Colonel and Mrs. Charles A. Lind
bergh left France for England today
after townsfolk at a seaside resort
near here refused the flyer's plea
for privacy.
They sailed for Folkstone later in
the afternoon after only six days in
France, most of the time driving
their car in small villages where
they were not recognized—but today
they were. Townsfolk besieged thein
in their hotel, demanding auto
graphs.
BOULOGNE, France, April 29 (#>).
—Colonel and Mrs. Charles A. Lind
bergh left France for England today
after townsfolk at a seaside resort
near here refused the flyer's plea
for privacy.
They sailed for Folkstone later in
the afternoon after only six days in
France, most of the time driving
their car in small villages where
they were not recognized—but today
they were. Townsfolk besieged thein
in their hotel, demanding auto
graphs.
BOULOGNE, France, April 29 (#>).
—Colonel and Mrs. Charles A. Lind
bergh left France for England today
after townsfolk at a seaside resort
near here refused the flyer's plea
for privacy.
They sailed for Folkstone later in
the afternoon after only six days in
France, most of the time driving
their car in small villages where
they were not recognized—but today
they were. Townsfolk besieged thein
in their hotel, demanding auto
graphs.
BOULOGNE, France, April 29 (#>).
—Colonel and Mrs. Charles A. Lind
bergh left France for England today
after townsfolk at a seaside resort
near here refused the flyer's plea
for privacy.
They sailed for Folkstone later in
the afternoon after only six days in
France, most of the time driving
their car in small villages where
they were not recognized—but today
they were. Townsfolk besieged thein
in their hotel, demanding auto
graphs.
BOULOGNE, France, April 29 (#>).
—Colonel and Mrs. Charles A. Lind
bergh left France for England today
after townsfolk at a seaside resort
near here refused the flyer's plea
for privacy.
They sailed for Folkstone later in
the afternoon after only six days in
France, most of the time driving
their car in small villages where
they were not recognized—but today
they were. Townsfolk besieged thein
in their hotel, demanding auto
graphs.
BOULOGNE, France, April 29 (#>).
—Colonel and Mrs. Charles A. Lind
bergh left France for England today
after townsfolk at a seaside resort
near here refused the flyer's plea
for privacy.
They sailed for Folkstone later in
the afternoon after only six days in
France, most of the time driving
their car in small villages where
they were not recognized—but today
they were. Townsfolk besieged thein
in their hotel, demanding auto
graphs.
BOULOGNE, France, April 29 (#>).
—Colonel and Mrs. Charles A. Lind
bergh left France for England today
after townsfolk at a seaside resort
near here refused the flyer's plea
for privacy.
They sailed for Folkstone later in
the afternoon after only six days in
France, most of the time driving
their car in small villages where
they were not recognized—but today
they were. Townsfolk besieged thein
in their hotel, demanding auto
graphs.
BOULOGNE, France, April 29 (#>).
—Colonel and Mrs. Charles A. Lind
bergh left France for England today
after townsfolk at a seaside resort
near here refused the flyer's plea
for privacy.
They sailed for Folkstone later in
the afternoon after only six days in
France, most of the time driving
their car in small villages where
they were not recognized—but today
they were. Townsfolk besieged thein
in their hotel, demanding auto
graphs.
BOULOGNE, France, April 29 (#>).
—Colonel and Mrs. Charles A. Lind
bergh left France for England today
after townsfolk at a seaside resort
near here refused the flyer's plea
for privacy.
They sailed for Folkstone later in
the afternoon after only six days in
France, most of the time driving
their car in small villages where
they were not recognized—but today
they were. Townsfolk besieged thein
in their hotel, demanding auto
graphs.
BOULOGNE, France, April 29 (#>).
—Colonel and Mrs. Charles A. Lind
bergh left France for England today
after townsfolk at a seaside resort
near here refused the flyer's plea
for privacy.
They sailed for Folkstone later in
the afternoon after only six days in
France, most of the time driving
their car in small villages where
they were not recognized—but today
they were. Townsfolk besieged thein
in their hotel, demanding auto
graphs.
BOULOGNE, France, April 29 (#>).
—Colonel and Mrs. Charles A. Lind
bergh left France for England today
after townsfolk at a seaside resort
near here refused the flyer's plea
for privacy.
They sailed for Folkstone later in
the afternoon after only six days in
France, most of the time driving
their car in small villages where
they were not recognized—but today
they were. Townsfolk besieged thein
in their hotel, demanding auto
graphs.
BOULOGNE, France, April 29 (#>).
—Colonel and Mrs. Charles A. Lind
bergh left France for England today
after townsfolk at a seaside resort
near here refused the flyer's plea
for privacy.
They sailed for Folkstone later in
the afternoon after only six days in
France, most of the time driving
their car in small villages where
they were not recognized—but today
they were. Townsfolk besieged thein
in their hotel, demanding auto
graphs.
