# Dillinger's Betrayer Sent to Roumania
## 
### 
NEW YORK, April 29 (/P).—Mrs.
Anna Sage, the "woman in red" who
decoyed John Dillinger to his death
at the hands of Federal agents in
Chicago, sailed on the President
Harding today, a deportee to her
native Rumania.
Locked in a first class cabin while
the ship was at its pier, Mrs. Sage,
41-year-old brunette, talked with
questioners through a ventilator.
NEW YORK, April 29 (/P).—Mrs.
Anna Sage, the "woman in red" who
decoyed John Dillinger to his death
at the hands of Federal agents in
Chicago, sailed on the President
Harding today, a deportee to her
native Rumania.
Locked in a first class cabin while
the ship was at its pier, Mrs. Sage,
41-year-old brunette, talked with
questioners through a ventilator.
NEW YORK, April 29 (/P).—Mrs.
Anna Sage, the "woman in red" who
decoyed John Dillinger to his death
at the hands of Federal agents in
Chicago, sailed on the President
Harding today, a deportee to her
native Rumania.
Locked in a first class cabin while
the ship was at its pier, Mrs. Sage,
41-year-old brunette, talked with
questioners through a ventilator.
NEW YORK, April 29 (/P).—Mrs.
Anna Sage, the "woman in red" who
decoyed John Dillinger to his death
at the hands of Federal agents in
Chicago, sailed on the President
Harding today, a deportee to her
native Rumania.
Locked in a first class cabin while
the ship was at its pier, Mrs. Sage,
41-year-old brunette, talked with
questioners through a ventilator.
NEW YORK, April 29 (/P).—Mrs.
Anna Sage, the "woman in red" who
decoyed John Dillinger to his death
at the hands of Federal agents in
Chicago, sailed on the President
Harding today, a deportee to her
native Rumania.
Locked in a first class cabin while
the ship was at its pier, Mrs. Sage,
41-year-old brunette, talked with
questioners through a ventilator.
NEW YORK, April 29 (/P).—Mrs.
Anna Sage, the "woman in red" who
decoyed John Dillinger to his death
at the hands of Federal agents in
Chicago, sailed on the President
Harding today, a deportee to her
native Rumania.
Locked in a first class cabin while
the ship was at its pier, Mrs. Sage,
41-year-old brunette, talked with
questioners through a ventilator.
NEW YORK, April 29 (/P).—Mrs.
Anna Sage, the "woman in red" who
decoyed John Dillinger to his death
at the hands of Federal agents in
Chicago, sailed on the President
Harding today, a deportee to her
native Rumania.
Locked in a first class cabin while
the ship was at its pier, Mrs. Sage,
41-year-old brunette, talked with
questioners through a ventilator.
NEW YORK, April 29 (/P).—Mrs.
Anna Sage, the "woman in red" who
decoyed John Dillinger to his death
at the hands of Federal agents in
Chicago, sailed on the President
Harding today, a deportee to her
native Rumania.
Locked in a first class cabin while
the ship was at its pier, Mrs. Sage,
41-year-old brunette, talked with
questioners through a ventilator.
NEW YORK, April 29 (/P).—Mrs.
Anna Sage, the "woman in red" who
decoyed John Dillinger to his death
at the hands of Federal agents in
Chicago, sailed on the President
Harding today, a deportee to her
native Rumania.
Locked in a first class cabin while
the ship was at its pier, Mrs. Sage,
41-year-old brunette, talked with
questioners through a ventilator.
NEW YORK, April 29 (/P).—Mrs.
Anna Sage, the "woman in red" who
decoyed John Dillinger to his death
at the hands of Federal agents in
Chicago, sailed on the President
Harding today, a deportee to her
native Rumania.
Locked in a first class cabin while
the ship was at its pier, Mrs. Sage,
41-year-old brunette, talked with
questioners through a ventilator.
NEW YORK, April 29 (/P).—Mrs.
Anna Sage, the "woman in red" who
decoyed John Dillinger to his death
at the hands of Federal agents in
Chicago, sailed on the President
Harding today, a deportee to her
native Rumania.
Locked in a first class cabin while
the ship was at its pier, Mrs. Sage,
41-year-old brunette, talked with
questioners through a ventilator.
NEW YORK, April 29 (/P).—Mrs.
Anna Sage, the "woman in red" who
decoyed John Dillinger to his death
at the hands of Federal agents in
Chicago, sailed on the President
Harding today, a deportee to her
native Rumania.
Locked in a first class cabin while
the ship was at its pier, Mrs. Sage,
41-year-old brunette, talked with
questioners through a ventilator.
NEW YORK, April 29 (/P).—Mrs.
Anna Sage, the "woman in red" who
decoyed John Dillinger to his death
at the hands of Federal agents in
Chicago, sailed on the President
Harding today, a deportee to her
native Rumania.
Locked in a first class cabin while
the ship was at its pier, Mrs. Sage,
41-year-old brunette, talked with
questioners through a ventilator.
NEW YORK, April 29 (/P).—Mrs.
Anna Sage, the "woman in red" who
decoyed John Dillinger to his death
at the hands of Federal agents in
Chicago, sailed on the President
Harding today, a deportee to her
native Rumania.
Locked in a first class cabin while
the ship was at its pier, Mrs. Sage,
41-year-old brunette, talked with
questioners through a ventilator.
NEW YORK, April 29 (/P).—Mrs.
Anna Sage, the "woman in red" who
decoyed John Dillinger to his death
at the hands of Federal agents in
Chicago, sailed on the President
Harding today, a deportee to her
native Rumania.
Locked in a first class cabin while
the ship was at its pier, Mrs. Sage,
41-year-old brunette, talked with
questioners through a ventilator.
NEW YORK, April 29 (/P).—Mrs.
Anna Sage, the "woman in red" who
decoyed John Dillinger to his death
at the hands of Federal agents in
Chicago, sailed on the President
Harding today, a deportee to her
native Rumania.
Locked in a first class cabin while
the ship was at its pier, Mrs. Sage,
41-year-old brunette, talked with
questioners through a ventilator.
