# Adv. 6 Page 3
## 
### 
a Swingline
| Stapler no
bigger than a
paclx of gum!
| SWINGIINE
Millions now in use. Uncondi
tionally guaranteed. Makes book
covers, fastens papers, arts and
crafts, mends, tacks, etc. Avail
able at your college bookstore.
SWINGIINE
-Cub" Stapler $1.29
INC.
LONG ISLAND CITY. NEW YORK, N. Y.
a Swingline
| Stapler no
bigger than a
paclx of gum!
| SWINGIINE
Millions now in use. Uncondi
tionally guaranteed. Makes book
covers, fastens papers, arts and
crafts, mends, tacks, etc. Avail
able at your college bookstore.
SWINGIINE
-Cub" Stapler $1.29
INC.
LONG ISLAND CITY. NEW YORK, N. Y.
a Swingline
| Stapler no
bigger than a
paclx of gum!
| SWINGIINE
Millions now in use. Uncondi
tionally guaranteed. Makes book
covers, fastens papers, arts and
crafts, mends, tacks, etc. Avail
able at your college bookstore.
SWINGIINE
-Cub" Stapler $1.29
INC.
LONG ISLAND CITY. NEW YORK, N. Y.
a Swingline
| Stapler no
bigger than a
paclx of gum!
| SWINGIINE
Millions now in use. Uncondi
tionally guaranteed. Makes book
covers, fastens papers, arts and
crafts, mends, tacks, etc. Avail
able at your college bookstore.
SWINGIINE
-Cub" Stapler $1.29
INC.
LONG ISLAND CITY. NEW YORK, N. Y.
a Swingline
| Stapler no
bigger than a
paclx of gum!
| SWINGIINE
Millions now in use. Uncondi
tionally guaranteed. Makes book
covers, fastens papers, arts and
crafts, mends, tacks, etc. Avail
able at your college bookstore.
SWINGIINE
-Cub" Stapler $1.29
INC.
LONG ISLAND CITY. NEW YORK, N. Y.
a Swingline
| Stapler no
bigger than a
paclx of gum!
| SWINGIINE
Millions now in use. Uncondi
tionally guaranteed. Makes book
covers, fastens papers, arts and
crafts, mends, tacks, etc. Avail
able at your college bookstore.
SWINGIINE
-Cub" Stapler $1.29
INC.
LONG ISLAND CITY. NEW YORK, N. Y.
a Swingline
| Stapler no
bigger than a
paclx of gum!
| SWINGIINE
Millions now in use. Uncondi
tionally guaranteed. Makes book
covers, fastens papers, arts and
crafts, mends, tacks, etc. Avail
able at your college bookstore.
SWINGIINE
-Cub" Stapler $1.29
INC.
LONG ISLAND CITY. NEW YORK, N. Y.
a Swingline
| Stapler no
bigger than a
paclx of gum!
| SWINGIINE
Millions now in use. Uncondi
tionally guaranteed. Makes book
covers, fastens papers, arts and
crafts, mends, tacks, etc. Avail
able at your college bookstore.
SWINGIINE
-Cub" Stapler $1.29
INC.
LONG ISLAND CITY. NEW YORK, N. Y.
a Swingline
| Stapler no
bigger than a
paclx of gum!
| SWINGIINE
Millions now in use. Uncondi
tionally guaranteed. Makes book
covers, fastens papers, arts and
crafts, mends, tacks, etc. Avail
able at your college bookstore.
SWINGIINE
-Cub" Stapler $1.29
INC.
LONG ISLAND CITY. NEW YORK, N. Y.
a Swingline
| Stapler no
bigger than a
paclx of gum!
| SWINGIINE
Millions now in use. Uncondi
tionally guaranteed. Makes book
covers, fastens papers, arts and
crafts, mends, tacks, etc. Avail
able at your college bookstore.
SWINGIINE
-Cub" Stapler $1.29
INC.
LONG ISLAND CITY. NEW YORK, N. Y.
a Swingline
| Stapler no
bigger than a
paclx of gum!
| SWINGIINE
Millions now in use. Uncondi
tionally guaranteed. Makes book
covers, fastens papers, arts and
crafts, mends, tacks, etc. Avail
able at your college bookstore.
SWINGIINE
-Cub" Stapler $1.29
INC.
LONG ISLAND CITY. NEW YORK, N. Y.
a Swingline
| Stapler no
bigger than a
paclx of gum!
| SWINGIINE
Millions now in use. Uncondi
tionally guaranteed. Makes book
covers, fastens papers, arts and
crafts, mends, tacks, etc. Avail
able at your college bookstore.
SWINGIINE
-Cub" Stapler $1.29
INC.
LONG ISLAND CITY. NEW YORK, N. Y.
a Swingline
| Stapler no
bigger than a
paclx of gum!
| SWINGIINE
Millions now in use. Uncondi
tionally guaranteed. Makes book
covers, fastens papers, arts and
crafts, mends, tacks, etc. Avail
able at your college bookstore.
SWINGIINE
-Cub" Stapler $1.29
INC.
LONG ISLAND CITY. NEW YORK, N. Y.
a Swingline
| Stapler no
bigger than a
paclx of gum!
| SWINGIINE
Millions now in use. Uncondi
tionally guaranteed. Makes book
covers, fastens papers, arts and
crafts, mends, tacks, etc. Avail
able at your college bookstore.
SWINGIINE
-Cub" Stapler $1.29
INC.
LONG ISLAND CITY. NEW YORK, N. Y.
a Swingline
| Stapler no
bigger than a
paclx of gum!
| SWINGIINE
Millions now in use. Uncondi
tionally guaranteed. Makes book
covers, fastens papers, arts and
crafts, mends, tacks, etc. Avail
able at your college bookstore.
SWINGIINE
-Cub" Stapler $1.29
INC.
LONG ISLAND CITY. NEW YORK, N. Y.
a Swingline
| Stapler no
bigger than a
paclx of gum!
| SWINGIINE
Millions now in use. Uncondi
tionally guaranteed. Makes book
covers, fastens papers, arts and
crafts, mends, tacks, etc. Avail
able at your college bookstore.
SWINGIINE
-Cub" Stapler $1.29
INC.
LONG ISLAND CITY. NEW YORK, N. Y.
a Swingline
| Stapler no
bigger than a
paclx of gum!
| SWINGIINE
Millions now in use. Uncondi
tionally guaranteed. Makes book
covers, fastens papers, arts and
crafts, mends, tacks, etc. Avail
able at your college bookstore.
SWINGIINE
-Cub" Stapler $1.29
INC.
LONG ISLAND CITY. NEW YORK, N. Y.
a Swingline
| Stapler no
bigger than a
paclx of gum!
| SWINGIINE
Millions now in use. Uncondi
tionally guaranteed. Makes book
covers, fastens papers, arts and
crafts, mends, tacks, etc. Avail
able at your college bookstore.
SWINGIINE
-Cub" Stapler $1.29
INC.
LONG ISLAND CITY. NEW YORK, N. Y.
