# Fidel Castro Hurls More Accusations
## 
### RICHARD VALERIANI 
HAVANA (/Pi Prime Ministei
Fidel Castro, in his angriest
speech against the United States,
Monday night charged U.S. offi
cials are impotently permitting
planes to bomb Cuba from Amer
ican soil.
Me dramatically charged an un
identified light plane Monday af
ternoon dropped an incendiary
bomb on a sugar mill in western
Cuba and burned a house down.
Castro previously had shown
extreme irritation with anti-Cas
tro leaflet raids carried out from
Florida since last mid-week and
attributed to a former Cuban air
force chief. This time he specifi
cally charged a fire-bombing oc
cur red.
Dramatic Arrival
Castro dramatically arrived by
helicopter with a Belgian auto
matic rifle in hand, stood by foi
three hours of warm-up speeches
by others and then received an
eight-minute ovation as he rose
to speak.
Castro stopped in mid-speech to
read a report from Miami saying
the U.S. chief of customs there
had announced seven or eight
planes were known to have left
Florida for flights to Cuba.
Angrily the bearded prime min
ister announced that he had just
been informed an unidentified
light plane had dropped an in
cendiary bomb on a sugar mill at
Pinar del Rio in western Cuba,
burning one house to the ground.
Thunderous Roar
Replying to a thunderous roar
from the crowd of several hun
dred thousand, Castro shouted:
"This is to say that the proper
authorities in Miami knew these
planes left for Cuba. Now we can
toll them the Miami offieials
the first results and ask them to
please let us have the first war
communique of this attack
against the Cuban people."
Emotional and bitter, Castro
then asked: "How is it possible
lhat a powerful nation with limit
less technical resources to inter
cept even guided missiles admits
they are incapable of stopping
planes coming to bomb defense
less Cuba?"
HAVANA (/Pi Prime Ministei
Fidel Castro, in his angriest
speech against the United States,
Monday night charged U.S. offi
cials are impotently permitting
planes to bomb Cuba from Amer
ican soil.
Me dramatically charged an un
identified light plane Monday af
ternoon dropped an incendiary
bomb on a sugar mill in western
Cuba and burned a house down.
Castro previously had shown
extreme irritation with anti-Cas
tro leaflet raids carried out from
Florida since last mid-week and
attributed to a former Cuban air
force chief. This time he specifi
cally charged a fire-bombing oc
cur red.
Dramatic Arrival
Castro dramatically arrived by
helicopter with a Belgian auto
matic rifle in hand, stood by foi
three hours of warm-up speeches
by others and then received an
eight-minute ovation as he rose
to speak.
Castro stopped in mid-speech to
read a report from Miami saying
the U.S. chief of customs there
had announced seven or eight
planes were known to have left
Florida for flights to Cuba.
Angrily the bearded prime min
ister announced that he had just
been informed an unidentified
light plane had dropped an in
cendiary bomb on a sugar mill at
Pinar del Rio in western Cuba,
burning one house to the ground.
Thunderous Roar
Replying to a thunderous roar
from the crowd of several hun
dred thousand, Castro shouted:
"This is to say that the proper
authorities in Miami knew these
planes left for Cuba. Now we can
toll them the Miami offieials
the first results and ask them to
please let us have the first war
communique of this attack
against the Cuban people."
Emotional and bitter, Castro
then asked: "How is it possible
lhat a powerful nation with limit
less technical resources to inter
cept even guided missiles admits
they are incapable of stopping
planes coming to bomb defense
less Cuba?"
HAVANA (/Pi Prime Ministei
Fidel Castro, in his angriest
speech against the United States,
Monday night charged U.S. offi
cials are impotently permitting
planes to bomb Cuba from Amer
ican soil.
Me dramatically charged an un
identified light plane Monday af
ternoon dropped an incendiary
bomb on a sugar mill in western
Cuba and burned a house down.
Castro previously had shown
extreme irritation with anti-Cas
tro leaflet raids carried out from
Florida since last mid-week and
attributed to a former Cuban air
force chief. This time he specifi
cally charged a fire-bombing oc
cur red.
Dramatic Arrival
Castro dramatically arrived by
helicopter with a Belgian auto
matic rifle in hand, stood by foi
three hours of warm-up speeches
by others and then received an
eight-minute ovation as he rose
to speak.
Castro stopped in mid-speech to
read a report from Miami saying
the U.S. chief of customs there
had announced seven or eight
planes were known to have left
Florida for flights to Cuba.
Angrily the bearded prime min
ister announced that he had just
been informed an unidentified
light plane had dropped an in
cendiary bomb on a sugar mill at
Pinar del Rio in western Cuba,
burning one house to the ground.
Thunderous Roar
Replying to a thunderous roar
from the crowd of several hun
dred thousand, Castro shouted:
"This is to say that the proper
authorities in Miami knew these
planes left for Cuba. Now we can
toll them the Miami offieials
the first results and ask them to
please let us have the first war
communique of this attack
against the Cuban people."
Emotional and bitter, Castro
then asked: "How is it possible
lhat a powerful nation with limit
less technical resources to inter
cept even guided missiles admits
they are incapable of stopping
planes coming to bomb defense
less Cuba?"
HAVANA (/Pi Prime Ministei
Fidel Castro, in his angriest
speech against the United States,
Monday night charged U.S. offi
cials are impotently permitting
planes to bomb Cuba from Amer
ican soil.
Me dramatically charged an un
identified light plane Monday af
ternoon dropped an incendiary
bomb on a sugar mill in western
Cuba and burned a house down.
Castro previously had shown
extreme irritation with anti-Cas
tro leaflet raids carried out from
Florida since last mid-week and
attributed to a former Cuban air
force chief. This time he specifi
cally charged a fire-bombing oc
cur red.
Dramatic Arrival
Castro dramatically arrived by
helicopter with a Belgian auto
matic rifle in hand, stood by foi
three hours of warm-up speeches
by others and then received an
eight-minute ovation as he rose
to speak.
Castro stopped in mid-speech to
read a report from Miami saying
the U.S. chief of customs there
had announced seven or eight
planes were known to have left
Florida for flights to Cuba.
Angrily the bearded prime min
ister announced that he had just
been informed an unidentified
light plane had dropped an in
cendiary bomb on a sugar mill at
Pinar del Rio in western Cuba,
burning one house to the ground.
Thunderous Roar
Replying to a thunderous roar
from the crowd of several hun
dred thousand, Castro shouted:
"This is to say that the proper
authorities in Miami knew these
planes left for Cuba. Now we can
toll them the Miami offieials
the first results and ask them to
please let us have the first war
communique of this attack
against the Cuban people."
Emotional and bitter, Castro
then asked: "How is it possible
lhat a powerful nation with limit
less technical resources to inter
cept even guided missiles admits
they are incapable of stopping
planes coming to bomb defense
less Cuba?"
HAVANA (/Pi Prime Ministei
Fidel Castro, in his angriest
speech against the United States,
Monday night charged U.S. offi
cials are impotently permitting
planes to bomb Cuba from Amer
ican soil.
Me dramatically charged an un
identified light plane Monday af
ternoon dropped an incendiary
bomb on a sugar mill in western
Cuba and burned a house down.
Castro previously had shown
extreme irritation with anti-Cas
tro leaflet raids carried out from
Florida since last mid-week and
attributed to a former Cuban air
force chief. This time he specifi
cally charged a fire-bombing oc
cur red.
Dramatic Arrival
Castro dramatically arrived by
helicopter with a Belgian auto
matic rifle in hand, stood by foi
three hours of warm-up speeches
by others and then received an
eight-minute ovation as he rose
to speak.
Castro stopped in mid-speech to
read a report from Miami saying
the U.S. chief of customs there
had announced seven or eight
planes were known to have left
Florida for flights to Cuba.
Angrily the bearded prime min
ister announced that he had just
been informed an unidentified
light plane had dropped an in
cendiary bomb on a sugar mill at
Pinar del Rio in western Cuba,
burning one house to the ground.
Thunderous Roar
Replying to a thunderous roar
from the crowd of several hun
dred thousand, Castro shouted:
"This is to say that the proper
authorities in Miami knew these
planes left for Cuba. Now we can
toll them the Miami offieials
the first results and ask them to
please let us have the first war
communique of this attack
against the Cuban people."
Emotional and bitter, Castro
then asked: "How is it possible
lhat a powerful nation with limit
less technical resources to inter
cept even guided missiles admits
they are incapable of stopping
planes coming to bomb defense
less Cuba?"
HAVANA (/Pi Prime Ministei
Fidel Castro, in his angriest
speech against the United States,
Monday night charged U.S. offi
cials are impotently permitting
planes to bomb Cuba from Amer
ican soil.
Me dramatically charged an un
identified light plane Monday af
ternoon dropped an incendiary
bomb on a sugar mill in western
Cuba and burned a house down.
Castro previously had shown
extreme irritation with anti-Cas
tro leaflet raids carried out from
Florida since last mid-week and
attributed to a former Cuban air
force chief. This time he specifi
cally charged a fire-bombing oc
cur red.
Dramatic Arrival
Castro dramatically arrived by
helicopter with a Belgian auto
matic rifle in hand, stood by foi
three hours of warm-up speeches
by others and then received an
eight-minute ovation as he rose
to speak.
Castro stopped in mid-speech to
read a report from Miami saying
the U.S. chief of customs there
had announced seven or eight
planes were known to have left
Florida for flights to Cuba.
Angrily the bearded prime min
ister announced that he had just
been informed an unidentified
light plane had dropped an in
cendiary bomb on a sugar mill at
Pinar del Rio in western Cuba,
burning one house to the ground.
Thunderous Roar
Replying to a thunderous roar
from the crowd of several hun
dred thousand, Castro shouted:
"This is to say that the proper
authorities in Miami knew these
planes left for Cuba. Now we can
toll them the Miami offieials
the first results and ask them to
please let us have the first war
communique of this attack
against the Cuban people."
Emotional and bitter, Castro
then asked: "How is it possible
lhat a powerful nation with limit
less technical resources to inter
cept even guided missiles admits
they are incapable of stopping
planes coming to bomb defense
less Cuba?"
HAVANA (/Pi Prime Ministei
Fidel Castro, in his angriest
speech against the United States,
Monday night charged U.S. offi
cials are impotently permitting
planes to bomb Cuba from Amer
ican soil.
Me dramatically charged an un
identified light plane Monday af
ternoon dropped an incendiary
bomb on a sugar mill in western
Cuba and burned a house down.
Castro previously had shown
extreme irritation with anti-Cas
tro leaflet raids carried out from
Florida since last mid-week and
attributed to a former Cuban air
force chief. This time he specifi
cally charged a fire-bombing oc
cur red.
Dramatic Arrival
Castro dramatically arrived by
helicopter with a Belgian auto
matic rifle in hand, stood by foi
three hours of warm-up speeches
by others and then received an
eight-minute ovation as he rose
to speak.
Castro stopped in mid-speech to
read a report from Miami saying
the U.S. chief of customs there
had announced seven or eight
planes were known to have left
Florida for flights to Cuba.
Angrily the bearded prime min
ister announced that he had just
been informed an unidentified
light plane had dropped an in
cendiary bomb on a sugar mill at
Pinar del Rio in western Cuba,
burning one house to the ground.
Thunderous Roar
Replying to a thunderous roar
from the crowd of several hun
dred thousand, Castro shouted:
"This is to say that the proper
authorities in Miami knew these
planes left for Cuba. Now we can
toll them the Miami offieials
the first results and ask them to
please let us have the first war
communique of this attack
against the Cuban people."
Emotional and bitter, Castro
then asked: "How is it possible
lhat a powerful nation with limit
less technical resources to inter
cept even guided missiles admits
they are incapable of stopping
planes coming to bomb defense
less Cuba?"
HAVANA (/Pi Prime Ministei
Fidel Castro, in his angriest
speech against the United States,
Monday night charged U.S. offi
cials are impotently permitting
planes to bomb Cuba from Amer
ican soil.
Me dramatically charged an un
identified light plane Monday af
ternoon dropped an incendiary
bomb on a sugar mill in western
Cuba and burned a house down.
Castro previously had shown
extreme irritation with anti-Cas
tro leaflet raids carried out from
Florida since last mid-week and
attributed to a former Cuban air
force chief. This time he specifi
cally charged a fire-bombing oc
cur red.
Dramatic Arrival
Castro dramatically arrived by
helicopter with a Belgian auto
matic rifle in hand, stood by foi
three hours of warm-up speeches
by others and then received an
eight-minute ovation as he rose
to speak.
Castro stopped in mid-speech to
read a report from Miami saying
the U.S. chief of customs there
had announced seven or eight
planes were known to have left
Florida for flights to Cuba.
Angrily the bearded prime min
ister announced that he had just
been informed an unidentified
light plane had dropped an in
cendiary bomb on a sugar mill at
Pinar del Rio in western Cuba,
burning one house to the ground.
Thunderous Roar
Replying to a thunderous roar
from the crowd of several hun
dred thousand, Castro shouted:
"This is to say that the proper
authorities in Miami knew these
planes left for Cuba. Now we can
toll them the Miami offieials
the first results and ask them to
please let us have the first war
communique of this attack
against the Cuban people."
Emotional and bitter, Castro
then asked: "How is it possible
lhat a powerful nation with limit
less technical resources to inter
cept even guided missiles admits
they are incapable of stopping
planes coming to bomb defense
less Cuba?"
HAVANA (/Pi Prime Ministei
Fidel Castro, in his angriest
speech against the United States,
Monday night charged U.S. offi
cials are impotently permitting
planes to bomb Cuba from Amer
ican soil.
Me dramatically charged an un
identified light plane Monday af
ternoon dropped an incendiary
bomb on a sugar mill in western
Cuba and burned a house down.
Castro previously had shown
extreme irritation with anti-Cas
tro leaflet raids carried out from
Florida since last mid-week and
attributed to a former Cuban air
force chief. This time he specifi
cally charged a fire-bombing oc
cur red.
Dramatic Arrival
Castro dramatically arrived by
helicopter with a Belgian auto
matic rifle in hand, stood by foi
three hours of warm-up speeches
by others and then received an
eight-minute ovation as he rose
to speak.
Castro stopped in mid-speech to
read a report from Miami saying
the U.S. chief of customs there
had announced seven or eight
planes were known to have left
Florida for flights to Cuba.
Angrily the bearded prime min
ister announced that he had just
been informed an unidentified
light plane had dropped an in
cendiary bomb on a sugar mill at
Pinar del Rio in western Cuba,
burning one house to the ground.
Thunderous Roar
Replying to a thunderous roar
from the crowd of several hun
dred thousand, Castro shouted:
"This is to say that the proper
authorities in Miami knew these
planes left for Cuba. Now we can
toll them the Miami offieials
the first results and ask them to
please let us have the first war
communique of this attack
against the Cuban people."
Emotional and bitter, Castro
then asked: "How is it possible
lhat a powerful nation with limit
less technical resources to inter
cept even guided missiles admits
they are incapable of stopping
planes coming to bomb defense
less Cuba?"
HAVANA (/Pi Prime Ministei
Fidel Castro, in his angriest
speech against the United States,
Monday night charged U.S. offi
cials are impotently permitting
planes to bomb Cuba from Amer
ican soil.
Me dramatically charged an un
identified light plane Monday af
ternoon dropped an incendiary
bomb on a sugar mill in western
Cuba and burned a house down.
Castro previously had shown
extreme irritation with anti-Cas
tro leaflet raids carried out from
Florida since last mid-week and
attributed to a former Cuban air
force chief. This time he specifi
cally charged a fire-bombing oc
cur red.
Dramatic Arrival
Castro dramatically arrived by
helicopter with a Belgian auto
matic rifle in hand, stood by foi
three hours of warm-up speeches
by others and then received an
eight-minute ovation as he rose
to speak.
Castro stopped in mid-speech to
read a report from Miami saying
the U.S. chief of customs there
had announced seven or eight
planes were known to have left
Florida for flights to Cuba.
Angrily the bearded prime min
ister announced that he had just
been informed an unidentified
light plane had dropped an in
cendiary bomb on a sugar mill at
Pinar del Rio in western Cuba,
burning one house to the ground.
Thunderous Roar
Replying to a thunderous roar
from the crowd of several hun
dred thousand, Castro shouted:
"This is to say that the proper
authorities in Miami knew these
planes left for Cuba. Now we can
toll them the Miami offieials
the first results and ask them to
please let us have the first war
communique of this attack
against the Cuban people."
Emotional and bitter, Castro
then asked: "How is it possible
lhat a powerful nation with limit
less technical resources to inter
cept even guided missiles admits
they are incapable of stopping
planes coming to bomb defense
less Cuba?"
HAVANA (/Pi Prime Ministei
Fidel Castro, in his angriest
speech against the United States,
Monday night charged U.S. offi
cials are impotently permitting
planes to bomb Cuba from Amer
ican soil.
Me dramatically charged an un
identified light plane Monday af
ternoon dropped an incendiary
bomb on a sugar mill in western
Cuba and burned a house down.
Castro previously had shown
extreme irritation with anti-Cas
tro leaflet raids carried out from
Florida since last mid-week and
attributed to a former Cuban air
force chief. This time he specifi
cally charged a fire-bombing oc
cur red.
Dramatic Arrival
Castro dramatically arrived by
helicopter with a Belgian auto
matic rifle in hand, stood by foi
three hours of warm-up speeches
by others and then received an
eight-minute ovation as he rose
to speak.
Castro stopped in mid-speech to
read a report from Miami saying
the U.S. chief of customs there
had announced seven or eight
planes were known to have left
Florida for flights to Cuba.
Angrily the bearded prime min
ister announced that he had just
been informed an unidentified
light plane had dropped an in
cendiary bomb on a sugar mill at
Pinar del Rio in western Cuba,
burning one house to the ground.
Thunderous Roar
Replying to a thunderous roar
from the crowd of several hun
dred thousand, Castro shouted:
"This is to say that the proper
authorities in Miami knew these
planes left for Cuba. Now we can
toll them the Miami offieials
the first results and ask them to
please let us have the first war
communique of this attack
against the Cuban people."
Emotional and bitter, Castro
then asked: "How is it possible
lhat a powerful nation with limit
less technical resources to inter
cept even guided missiles admits
they are incapable of stopping
planes coming to bomb defense
less Cuba?"
HAVANA (/Pi Prime Ministei
Fidel Castro, in his angriest
speech against the United States,
Monday night charged U.S. offi
cials are impotently permitting
planes to bomb Cuba from Amer
ican soil.
Me dramatically charged an un
identified light plane Monday af
ternoon dropped an incendiary
bomb on a sugar mill in western
Cuba and burned a house down.
Castro previously had shown
extreme irritation with anti-Cas
tro leaflet raids carried out from
Florida since last mid-week and
attributed to a former Cuban air
force chief. This time he specifi
cally charged a fire-bombing oc
cur red.
Dramatic Arrival
Castro dramatically arrived by
helicopter with a Belgian auto
matic rifle in hand, stood by foi
three hours of warm-up speeches
by others and then received an
eight-minute ovation as he rose
to speak.
Castro stopped in mid-speech to
read a report from Miami saying
the U.S. chief of customs there
had announced seven or eight
planes were known to have left
Florida for flights to Cuba.
Angrily the bearded prime min
ister announced that he had just
been informed an unidentified
light plane had dropped an in
cendiary bomb on a sugar mill at
Pinar del Rio in western Cuba,
burning one house to the ground.
Thunderous Roar
Replying to a thunderous roar
from the crowd of several hun
dred thousand, Castro shouted:
"This is to say that the proper
authorities in Miami knew these
planes left for Cuba. Now we can
toll them the Miami offieials
the first results and ask them to
please let us have the first war
communique of this attack
against the Cuban people."
Emotional and bitter, Castro
then asked: "How is it possible
lhat a powerful nation with limit
less technical resources to inter
cept even guided missiles admits
they are incapable of stopping
planes coming to bomb defense
less Cuba?"
HAVANA (/Pi Prime Ministei
Fidel Castro, in his angriest
speech against the United States,
Monday night charged U.S. offi
cials are impotently permitting
planes to bomb Cuba from Amer
ican soil.
Me dramatically charged an un
identified light plane Monday af
ternoon dropped an incendiary
bomb on a sugar mill in western
Cuba and burned a house down.
Castro previously had shown
extreme irritation with anti-Cas
tro leaflet raids carried out from
Florida since last mid-week and
attributed to a former Cuban air
force chief. This time he specifi
cally charged a fire-bombing oc
cur red.
Dramatic Arrival
Castro dramatically arrived by
helicopter with a Belgian auto
matic rifle in hand, stood by foi
three hours of warm-up speeches
by others and then received an
eight-minute ovation as he rose
to speak.
Castro stopped in mid-speech to
read a report from Miami saying
the U.S. chief of customs there
had announced seven or eight
planes were known to have left
Florida for flights to Cuba.
Angrily the bearded prime min
ister announced that he had just
been informed an unidentified
light plane had dropped an in
cendiary bomb on a sugar mill at
Pinar del Rio in western Cuba,
burning one house to the ground.
Thunderous Roar
Replying to a thunderous roar
from the crowd of several hun
dred thousand, Castro shouted:
"This is to say that the proper
authorities in Miami knew these
planes left for Cuba. Now we can
toll them the Miami offieials
the first results and ask them to
please let us have the first war
communique of this attack
against the Cuban people."
Emotional and bitter, Castro
then asked: "How is it possible
lhat a powerful nation with limit
less technical resources to inter
cept even guided missiles admits
they are incapable of stopping
planes coming to bomb defense
less Cuba?"
HAVANA (/Pi Prime Ministei
Fidel Castro, in his angriest
speech against the United States,
Monday night charged U.S. offi
cials are impotently permitting
planes to bomb Cuba from Amer
ican soil.
Me dramatically charged an un
identified light plane Monday af
ternoon dropped an incendiary
bomb on a sugar mill in western
Cuba and burned a house down.
Castro previously had shown
extreme irritation with anti-Cas
tro leaflet raids carried out from
Florida since last mid-week and
attributed to a former Cuban air
force chief. This time he specifi
cally charged a fire-bombing oc
cur red.
Dramatic Arrival
Castro dramatically arrived by
helicopter with a Belgian auto
matic rifle in hand, stood by foi
three hours of warm-up speeches
by others and then received an
eight-minute ovation as he rose
to speak.
Castro stopped in mid-speech to
read a report from Miami saying
the U.S. chief of customs there
had announced seven or eight
planes were known to have left
Florida for flights to Cuba.
Angrily the bearded prime min
ister announced that he had just
been informed an unidentified
light plane had dropped an in
cendiary bomb on a sugar mill at
Pinar del Rio in western Cuba,
burning one house to the ground.
Thunderous Roar
Replying to a thunderous roar
from the crowd of several hun
dred thousand, Castro shouted:
"This is to say that the proper
authorities in Miami knew these
planes left for Cuba. Now we can
toll them the Miami offieials
the first results and ask them to
please let us have the first war
communique of this attack
against the Cuban people."
Emotional and bitter, Castro
then asked: "How is it possible
lhat a powerful nation with limit
less technical resources to inter
cept even guided missiles admits
they are incapable of stopping
planes coming to bomb defense
less Cuba?"
HAVANA (/Pi Prime Ministei
Fidel Castro, in his angriest
speech against the United States,
Monday night charged U.S. offi
cials are impotently permitting
planes to bomb Cuba from Amer
ican soil.
Me dramatically charged an un
identified light plane Monday af
ternoon dropped an incendiary
bomb on a sugar mill in western
Cuba and burned a house down.
Castro previously had shown
extreme irritation with anti-Cas
tro leaflet raids carried out from
Florida since last mid-week and
attributed to a former Cuban air
force chief. This time he specifi
cally charged a fire-bombing oc
cur red.
Dramatic Arrival
Castro dramatically arrived by
helicopter with a Belgian auto
matic rifle in hand, stood by foi
three hours of warm-up speeches
by others and then received an
eight-minute ovation as he rose
to speak.
Castro stopped in mid-speech to
read a report from Miami saying
the U.S. chief of customs there
had announced seven or eight
planes were known to have left
Florida for flights to Cuba.
Angrily the bearded prime min
ister announced that he had just
been informed an unidentified
light plane had dropped an in
cendiary bomb on a sugar mill at
Pinar del Rio in western Cuba,
burning one house to the ground.
Thunderous Roar
Replying to a thunderous roar
from the crowd of several hun
dred thousand, Castro shouted:
"This is to say that the proper
authorities in Miami knew these
planes left for Cuba. Now we can
toll them the Miami offieials
the first results and ask them to
please let us have the first war
communique of this attack
against the Cuban people."
Emotional and bitter, Castro
then asked: "How is it possible
lhat a powerful nation with limit
less technical resources to inter
cept even guided missiles admits
they are incapable of stopping
planes coming to bomb defense
less Cuba?"
HAVANA (/Pi Prime Ministei
Fidel Castro, in his angriest
speech against the United States,
Monday night charged U.S. offi
cials are impotently permitting
planes to bomb Cuba from Amer
ican soil.
Me dramatically charged an un
identified light plane Monday af
ternoon dropped an incendiary
bomb on a sugar mill in western
Cuba and burned a house down.
Castro previously had shown
extreme irritation with anti-Cas
tro leaflet raids carried out from
Florida since last mid-week and
attributed to a former Cuban air
force chief. This time he specifi
cally charged a fire-bombing oc
cur red.
Dramatic Arrival
Castro dramatically arrived by
helicopter with a Belgian auto
matic rifle in hand, stood by foi
three hours of warm-up speeches
by others and then received an
eight-minute ovation as he rose
to speak.
Castro stopped in mid-speech to
read a report from Miami saying
the U.S. chief of customs there
had announced seven or eight
planes were known to have left
Florida for flights to Cuba.
Angrily the bearded prime min
ister announced that he had just
been informed an unidentified
light plane had dropped an in
cendiary bomb on a sugar mill at
Pinar del Rio in western Cuba,
burning one house to the ground.
Thunderous Roar
Replying to a thunderous roar
from the crowd of several hun
dred thousand, Castro shouted:
"This is to say that the proper
authorities in Miami knew these
planes left for Cuba. Now we can
toll them the Miami offieials
the first results and ask them to
please let us have the first war
communique of this attack
against the Cuban people."
Emotional and bitter, Castro
then asked: "How is it possible
lhat a powerful nation with limit
less technical resources to inter
cept even guided missiles admits
they are incapable of stopping
planes coming to bomb defense
less Cuba?"
HAVANA (/Pi Prime Ministei
Fidel Castro, in his angriest
speech against the United States,
Monday night charged U.S. offi
cials are impotently permitting
planes to bomb Cuba from Amer
ican soil.
Me dramatically charged an un
identified light plane Monday af
ternoon dropped an incendiary
bomb on a sugar mill in western
Cuba and burned a house down.
Castro previously had shown
extreme irritation with anti-Cas
tro leaflet raids carried out from
Florida since last mid-week and
attributed to a former Cuban air
force chief. This time he specifi
cally charged a fire-bombing oc
cur red.
Dramatic Arrival
Castro dramatically arrived by
helicopter with a Belgian auto
matic rifle in hand, stood by foi
three hours of warm-up speeches
by others and then received an
eight-minute ovation as he rose
to speak.
Castro stopped in mid-speech to
read a report from Miami saying
the U.S. chief of customs there
had announced seven or eight
planes were known to have left
Florida for flights to Cuba.
Angrily the bearded prime min
ister announced that he had just
been informed an unidentified
light plane had dropped an in
cendiary bomb on a sugar mill at
Pinar del Rio in western Cuba,
burning one house to the ground.
Thunderous Roar
Replying to a thunderous roar
from the crowd of several hun
dred thousand, Castro shouted:
"This is to say that the proper
authorities in Miami knew these
planes left for Cuba. Now we can
toll them the Miami offieials
the first results and ask them to
please let us have the first war
communique of this attack
against the Cuban people."
Emotional and bitter, Castro
then asked: "How is it possible
lhat a powerful nation with limit
less technical resources to inter
cept even guided missiles admits
they are incapable of stopping
planes coming to bomb defense
less Cuba?"
HAVANA (/Pi Prime Ministei
Fidel Castro, in his angriest
speech against the United States,
Monday night charged U.S. offi
cials are impotently permitting
planes to bomb Cuba from Amer
ican soil.
Me dramatically charged an un
identified light plane Monday af
ternoon dropped an incendiary
bomb on a sugar mill in western
Cuba and burned a house down.
Castro previously had shown
extreme irritation with anti-Cas
tro leaflet raids carried out from
Florida since last mid-week and
attributed to a former Cuban air
force chief. This time he specifi
cally charged a fire-bombing oc
cur red.
Dramatic Arrival
Castro dramatically arrived by
helicopter with a Belgian auto
matic rifle in hand, stood by foi
three hours of warm-up speeches
by others and then received an
eight-minute ovation as he rose
to speak.
Castro stopped in mid-speech to
read a report from Miami saying
the U.S. chief of customs there
had announced seven or eight
planes were known to have left
Florida for flights to Cuba.
Angrily the bearded prime min
ister announced that he had just
been informed an unidentified
light plane had dropped an in
cendiary bomb on a sugar mill at
Pinar del Rio in western Cuba,
burning one house to the ground.
Thunderous Roar
Replying to a thunderous roar
from the crowd of several hun
dred thousand, Castro shouted:
"This is to say that the proper
authorities in Miami knew these
planes left for Cuba. Now we can
toll them the Miami offieials
the first results and ask them to
please let us have the first war
communique of this attack
against the Cuban people."
Emotional and bitter, Castro
then asked: "How is it possible
lhat a powerful nation with limit
less technical resources to inter
cept even guided missiles admits
they are incapable of stopping
planes coming to bomb defense
less Cuba?"
