# Card QB Wins Grid Back Honor
## 
### 
Dick Norman, Stanford's air
minded quarterback, became the
first back on the West Coast to
win the AAWU's "back of the
week" award twice.
Against the terrible Trojans of
USC, Norman completed l(i
passes in 32 attempts for 207
yards and two touchdowns to
make the wor.st dent in SC's de
fense this season.
Dick Norman, Stanford's air
minded quarterback, became the
first back on the West Coast to
win the AAWU's "back of the
week" award twice.
Against the terrible Trojans of
USC, Norman completed l(i
passes in 32 attempts for 207
yards and two touchdowns to
make the wor.st dent in SC's de
fense this season.
Dick Norman, Stanford's air
minded quarterback, became the
first back on the West Coast to
win the AAWU's "back of the
week" award twice.
Against the terrible Trojans of
USC, Norman completed l(i
passes in 32 attempts for 207
yards and two touchdowns to
make the wor.st dent in SC's de
fense this season.
Dick Norman, Stanford's air
minded quarterback, became the
first back on the West Coast to
win the AAWU's "back of the
week" award twice.
Against the terrible Trojans of
USC, Norman completed l(i
passes in 32 attempts for 207
yards and two touchdowns to
make the wor.st dent in SC's de
fense this season.
Dick Norman, Stanford's air
minded quarterback, became the
first back on the West Coast to
win the AAWU's "back of the
week" award twice.
Against the terrible Trojans of
USC, Norman completed l(i
passes in 32 attempts for 207
yards and two touchdowns to
make the wor.st dent in SC's de
fense this season.
Dick Norman, Stanford's air
minded quarterback, became the
first back on the West Coast to
win the AAWU's "back of the
week" award twice.
Against the terrible Trojans of
USC, Norman completed l(i
passes in 32 attempts for 207
yards and two touchdowns to
make the wor.st dent in SC's de
fense this season.
Dick Norman, Stanford's air
minded quarterback, became the
first back on the West Coast to
win the AAWU's "back of the
week" award twice.
Against the terrible Trojans of
USC, Norman completed l(i
passes in 32 attempts for 207
yards and two touchdowns to
make the wor.st dent in SC's de
fense this season.
Dick Norman, Stanford's air
minded quarterback, became the
first back on the West Coast to
win the AAWU's "back of the
week" award twice.
Against the terrible Trojans of
USC, Norman completed l(i
passes in 32 attempts for 207
yards and two touchdowns to
make the wor.st dent in SC's de
fense this season.
Dick Norman, Stanford's air
minded quarterback, became the
first back on the West Coast to
win the AAWU's "back of the
week" award twice.
Against the terrible Trojans of
USC, Norman completed l(i
passes in 32 attempts for 207
yards and two touchdowns to
make the wor.st dent in SC's de
fense this season.
Dick Norman, Stanford's air
minded quarterback, became the
first back on the West Coast to
win the AAWU's "back of the
week" award twice.
Against the terrible Trojans of
USC, Norman completed l(i
passes in 32 attempts for 207
yards and two touchdowns to
make the wor.st dent in SC's de
fense this season.
Dick Norman, Stanford's air
minded quarterback, became the
first back on the West Coast to
win the AAWU's "back of the
week" award twice.
Against the terrible Trojans of
USC, Norman completed l(i
passes in 32 attempts for 207
yards and two touchdowns to
make the wor.st dent in SC's de
fense this season.
Dick Norman, Stanford's air
minded quarterback, became the
first back on the West Coast to
win the AAWU's "back of the
week" award twice.
Against the terrible Trojans of
USC, Norman completed l(i
passes in 32 attempts for 207
yards and two touchdowns to
make the wor.st dent in SC's de
fense this season.
Dick Norman, Stanford's air
minded quarterback, became the
first back on the West Coast to
win the AAWU's "back of the
week" award twice.
Against the terrible Trojans of
USC, Norman completed l(i
passes in 32 attempts for 207
yards and two touchdowns to
make the wor.st dent in SC's de
fense this season.
Dick Norman, Stanford's air
minded quarterback, became the
first back on the West Coast to
win the AAWU's "back of the
week" award twice.
Against the terrible Trojans of
USC, Norman completed l(i
passes in 32 attempts for 207
yards and two touchdowns to
make the wor.st dent in SC's de
fense this season.
Dick Norman, Stanford's air
minded quarterback, became the
first back on the West Coast to
win the AAWU's "back of the
week" award twice.
Against the terrible Trojans of
USC, Norman completed l(i
passes in 32 attempts for 207
yards and two touchdowns to
make the wor.st dent in SC's de
fense this season.
Dick Norman, Stanford's air
minded quarterback, became the
first back on the West Coast to
win the AAWU's "back of the
week" award twice.
Against the terrible Trojans of
USC, Norman completed l(i
passes in 32 attempts for 207
yards and two touchdowns to
make the wor.st dent in SC's de
fense this season.
Dick Norman, Stanford's air
minded quarterback, became the
first back on the West Coast to
win the AAWU's "back of the
week" award twice.
Against the terrible Trojans of
USC, Norman completed l(i
passes in 32 attempts for 207
yards and two touchdowns to
make the wor.st dent in SC's de
fense this season.
Dick Norman, Stanford's air
minded quarterback, became the
first back on the West Coast to
win the AAWU's "back of the
week" award twice.
Against the terrible Trojans of
USC, Norman completed l(i
passes in 32 attempts for 207
yards and two touchdowns to
make the wor.st dent in SC's de
fense this season.
