# Israeli Speech
## 
### 
Menahem Yaari, graduate stu
dent from Israel, will deliver a
lecture tomorrow at 8 p.m. in
Fellowship Hall, 600 Colorado
Ave., Palo Alto.
Yaari is appearing in conjunc
tion with the Stanford Interna
tional Club's 12-session lecture
series for 1959-60.
The series aims to study the
Middle East. It will include six
morning study groups and six
evening lectures.
Menahem Yaari, graduate stu
dent from Israel, will deliver a
lecture tomorrow at 8 p.m. in
Fellowship Hall, 600 Colorado
Ave., Palo Alto.
Yaari is appearing in conjunc
tion with the Stanford Interna
tional Club's 12-session lecture
series for 1959-60.
The series aims to study the
Middle East. It will include six
morning study groups and six
evening lectures.
Menahem Yaari, graduate stu
dent from Israel, will deliver a
lecture tomorrow at 8 p.m. in
Fellowship Hall, 600 Colorado
Ave., Palo Alto.
Yaari is appearing in conjunc
tion with the Stanford Interna
tional Club's 12-session lecture
series for 1959-60.
The series aims to study the
Middle East. It will include six
morning study groups and six
evening lectures.
Menahem Yaari, graduate stu
dent from Israel, will deliver a
lecture tomorrow at 8 p.m. in
Fellowship Hall, 600 Colorado
Ave., Palo Alto.
Yaari is appearing in conjunc
tion with the Stanford Interna
tional Club's 12-session lecture
series for 1959-60.
The series aims to study the
Middle East. It will include six
morning study groups and six
evening lectures.
Menahem Yaari, graduate stu
dent from Israel, will deliver a
lecture tomorrow at 8 p.m. in
Fellowship Hall, 600 Colorado
Ave., Palo Alto.
Yaari is appearing in conjunc
tion with the Stanford Interna
tional Club's 12-session lecture
series for 1959-60.
The series aims to study the
Middle East. It will include six
morning study groups and six
evening lectures.
Menahem Yaari, graduate stu
dent from Israel, will deliver a
lecture tomorrow at 8 p.m. in
Fellowship Hall, 600 Colorado
Ave., Palo Alto.
Yaari is appearing in conjunc
tion with the Stanford Interna
tional Club's 12-session lecture
series for 1959-60.
The series aims to study the
Middle East. It will include six
morning study groups and six
evening lectures.
Menahem Yaari, graduate stu
dent from Israel, will deliver a
lecture tomorrow at 8 p.m. in
Fellowship Hall, 600 Colorado
Ave., Palo Alto.
Yaari is appearing in conjunc
tion with the Stanford Interna
tional Club's 12-session lecture
series for 1959-60.
The series aims to study the
Middle East. It will include six
morning study groups and six
evening lectures.
Menahem Yaari, graduate stu
dent from Israel, will deliver a
lecture tomorrow at 8 p.m. in
Fellowship Hall, 600 Colorado
Ave., Palo Alto.
Yaari is appearing in conjunc
tion with the Stanford Interna
tional Club's 12-session lecture
series for 1959-60.
The series aims to study the
Middle East. It will include six
morning study groups and six
evening lectures.
Menahem Yaari, graduate stu
dent from Israel, will deliver a
lecture tomorrow at 8 p.m. in
Fellowship Hall, 600 Colorado
Ave., Palo Alto.
Yaari is appearing in conjunc
tion with the Stanford Interna
tional Club's 12-session lecture
series for 1959-60.
The series aims to study the
Middle East. It will include six
morning study groups and six
evening lectures.
Menahem Yaari, graduate stu
dent from Israel, will deliver a
lecture tomorrow at 8 p.m. in
Fellowship Hall, 600 Colorado
Ave., Palo Alto.
Yaari is appearing in conjunc
tion with the Stanford Interna
tional Club's 12-session lecture
series for 1959-60.
The series aims to study the
Middle East. It will include six
morning study groups and six
evening lectures.
Menahem Yaari, graduate stu
dent from Israel, will deliver a
lecture tomorrow at 8 p.m. in
Fellowship Hall, 600 Colorado
Ave., Palo Alto.
Yaari is appearing in conjunc
tion with the Stanford Interna
tional Club's 12-session lecture
series for 1959-60.
The series aims to study the
Middle East. It will include six
morning study groups and six
evening lectures.
Menahem Yaari, graduate stu
dent from Israel, will deliver a
lecture tomorrow at 8 p.m. in
Fellowship Hall, 600 Colorado
Ave., Palo Alto.
Yaari is appearing in conjunc
tion with the Stanford Interna
tional Club's 12-session lecture
series for 1959-60.
The series aims to study the
Middle East. It will include six
morning study groups and six
evening lectures.
Menahem Yaari, graduate stu
dent from Israel, will deliver a
lecture tomorrow at 8 p.m. in
Fellowship Hall, 600 Colorado
Ave., Palo Alto.
Yaari is appearing in conjunc
tion with the Stanford Interna
tional Club's 12-session lecture
series for 1959-60.
The series aims to study the
Middle East. It will include six
morning study groups and six
evening lectures.
Menahem Yaari, graduate stu
dent from Israel, will deliver a
lecture tomorrow at 8 p.m. in
Fellowship Hall, 600 Colorado
Ave., Palo Alto.
Yaari is appearing in conjunc
tion with the Stanford Interna
tional Club's 12-session lecture
series for 1959-60.
The series aims to study the
Middle East. It will include six
morning study groups and six
evening lectures.
Menahem Yaari, graduate stu
dent from Israel, will deliver a
lecture tomorrow at 8 p.m. in
Fellowship Hall, 600 Colorado
Ave., Palo Alto.
Yaari is appearing in conjunc
tion with the Stanford Interna
tional Club's 12-session lecture
series for 1959-60.
The series aims to study the
Middle East. It will include six
morning study groups and six
evening lectures.
Menahem Yaari, graduate stu
dent from Israel, will deliver a
lecture tomorrow at 8 p.m. in
Fellowship Hall, 600 Colorado
Ave., Palo Alto.
Yaari is appearing in conjunc
tion with the Stanford Interna
tional Club's 12-session lecture
series for 1959-60.
The series aims to study the
Middle East. It will include six
morning study groups and six
evening lectures.
Menahem Yaari, graduate stu
dent from Israel, will deliver a
lecture tomorrow at 8 p.m. in
Fellowship Hall, 600 Colorado
Ave., Palo Alto.
Yaari is appearing in conjunc
tion with the Stanford Interna
tional Club's 12-session lecture
series for 1959-60.
The series aims to study the
Middle East. It will include six
morning study groups and six
evening lectures.
Menahem Yaari, graduate stu
dent from Israel, will deliver a
lecture tomorrow at 8 p.m. in
Fellowship Hall, 600 Colorado
Ave., Palo Alto.
Yaari is appearing in conjunc
tion with the Stanford Interna
tional Club's 12-session lecture
series for 1959-60.
The series aims to study the
Middle East. It will include six
morning study groups and six
evening lectures.
