# Alumni Bulletins Remain in Stock
## 
### 
Surplus copies of "Stanford
Alumni: 1891-1955" are available
to members of the faculty and
staff and interested students for
I lie asking at Bowman Alumni
House, the Alumni Association
announces.
The outdated directories are
occupying needed shelf space, say
Bowman office staffers, so they'll
be happy to get rid of them. The
Ihick red paper-bound volumes
give the low-down on who really
was graduated from Stanford.
Surplus copies of "Stanford
Alumni: 1891-1955" are available
to members of the faculty and
staff and interested students for
I lie asking at Bowman Alumni
House, the Alumni Association
announces.
The outdated directories are
occupying needed shelf space, say
Bowman office staffers, so they'll
be happy to get rid of them. The
Ihick red paper-bound volumes
give the low-down on who really
was graduated from Stanford.
Surplus copies of "Stanford
Alumni: 1891-1955" are available
to members of the faculty and
staff and interested students for
I lie asking at Bowman Alumni
House, the Alumni Association
announces.
The outdated directories are
occupying needed shelf space, say
Bowman office staffers, so they'll
be happy to get rid of them. The
Ihick red paper-bound volumes
give the low-down on who really
was graduated from Stanford.
Surplus copies of "Stanford
Alumni: 1891-1955" are available
to members of the faculty and
staff and interested students for
I lie asking at Bowman Alumni
House, the Alumni Association
announces.
The outdated directories are
occupying needed shelf space, say
Bowman office staffers, so they'll
be happy to get rid of them. The
Ihick red paper-bound volumes
give the low-down on who really
was graduated from Stanford.
Surplus copies of "Stanford
Alumni: 1891-1955" are available
to members of the faculty and
staff and interested students for
I lie asking at Bowman Alumni
House, the Alumni Association
announces.
The outdated directories are
occupying needed shelf space, say
Bowman office staffers, so they'll
be happy to get rid of them. The
Ihick red paper-bound volumes
give the low-down on who really
was graduated from Stanford.
Surplus copies of "Stanford
Alumni: 1891-1955" are available
to members of the faculty and
staff and interested students for
I lie asking at Bowman Alumni
House, the Alumni Association
announces.
The outdated directories are
occupying needed shelf space, say
Bowman office staffers, so they'll
be happy to get rid of them. The
Ihick red paper-bound volumes
give the low-down on who really
was graduated from Stanford.
Surplus copies of "Stanford
Alumni: 1891-1955" are available
to members of the faculty and
staff and interested students for
I lie asking at Bowman Alumni
House, the Alumni Association
announces.
The outdated directories are
occupying needed shelf space, say
Bowman office staffers, so they'll
be happy to get rid of them. The
Ihick red paper-bound volumes
give the low-down on who really
was graduated from Stanford.
Surplus copies of "Stanford
Alumni: 1891-1955" are available
to members of the faculty and
staff and interested students for
I lie asking at Bowman Alumni
House, the Alumni Association
announces.
The outdated directories are
occupying needed shelf space, say
Bowman office staffers, so they'll
be happy to get rid of them. The
Ihick red paper-bound volumes
give the low-down on who really
was graduated from Stanford.
Surplus copies of "Stanford
Alumni: 1891-1955" are available
to members of the faculty and
staff and interested students for
I lie asking at Bowman Alumni
House, the Alumni Association
announces.
The outdated directories are
occupying needed shelf space, say
Bowman office staffers, so they'll
be happy to get rid of them. The
Ihick red paper-bound volumes
give the low-down on who really
was graduated from Stanford.
Surplus copies of "Stanford
Alumni: 1891-1955" are available
to members of the faculty and
staff and interested students for
I lie asking at Bowman Alumni
House, the Alumni Association
announces.
The outdated directories are
occupying needed shelf space, say
Bowman office staffers, so they'll
be happy to get rid of them. The
Ihick red paper-bound volumes
give the low-down on who really
was graduated from Stanford.
Surplus copies of "Stanford
Alumni: 1891-1955" are available
to members of the faculty and
staff and interested students for
I lie asking at Bowman Alumni
House, the Alumni Association
announces.
The outdated directories are
occupying needed shelf space, say
Bowman office staffers, so they'll
be happy to get rid of them. The
Ihick red paper-bound volumes
give the low-down on who really
was graduated from Stanford.
Surplus copies of "Stanford
Alumni: 1891-1955" are available
to members of the faculty and
staff and interested students for
I lie asking at Bowman Alumni
House, the Alumni Association
announces.
The outdated directories are
occupying needed shelf space, say
Bowman office staffers, so they'll
be happy to get rid of them. The
Ihick red paper-bound volumes
give the low-down on who really
was graduated from Stanford.
Surplus copies of "Stanford
Alumni: 1891-1955" are available
to members of the faculty and
staff and interested students for
I lie asking at Bowman Alumni
House, the Alumni Association
announces.
The outdated directories are
occupying needed shelf space, say
Bowman office staffers, so they'll
be happy to get rid of them. The
Ihick red paper-bound volumes
give the low-down on who really
was graduated from Stanford.
Surplus copies of "Stanford
Alumni: 1891-1955" are available
to members of the faculty and
staff and interested students for
I lie asking at Bowman Alumni
House, the Alumni Association
announces.
The outdated directories are
occupying needed shelf space, say
Bowman office staffers, so they'll
be happy to get rid of them. The
Ihick red paper-bound volumes
give the low-down on who really
was graduated from Stanford.
Surplus copies of "Stanford
Alumni: 1891-1955" are available
to members of the faculty and
staff and interested students for
I lie asking at Bowman Alumni
House, the Alumni Association
announces.
The outdated directories are
occupying needed shelf space, say
Bowman office staffers, so they'll
be happy to get rid of them. The
Ihick red paper-bound volumes
give the low-down on who really
was graduated from Stanford.
Surplus copies of "Stanford
Alumni: 1891-1955" are available
to members of the faculty and
staff and interested students for
I lie asking at Bowman Alumni
House, the Alumni Association
announces.
The outdated directories are
occupying needed shelf space, say
Bowman office staffers, so they'll
be happy to get rid of them. The
Ihick red paper-bound volumes
give the low-down on who really
was graduated from Stanford.
Surplus copies of "Stanford
Alumni: 1891-1955" are available
to members of the faculty and
staff and interested students for
I lie asking at Bowman Alumni
House, the Alumni Association
announces.
The outdated directories are
occupying needed shelf space, say
Bowman office staffers, so they'll
be happy to get rid of them. The
Ihick red paper-bound volumes
give the low-down on who really
was graduated from Stanford.
Surplus copies of "Stanford
Alumni: 1891-1955" are available
to members of the faculty and
staff and interested students for
I lie asking at Bowman Alumni
House, the Alumni Association
announces.
The outdated directories are
occupying needed shelf space, say
Bowman office staffers, so they'll
be happy to get rid of them. The
Ihick red paper-bound volumes
give the low-down on who really
was graduated from Stanford.
