# Poet Will Present Original 'Letter'
## 
### 
Mr. George Baker, English poet,
will deliver an original composi
tion, "A Letter to a Deaf Poet,"
tonight at 7:30 in Cubberly Audi
torium.
Mr. Baker is being sponsored
by the creative writing depart
ment. He is currently on a tour
of American universities made
possible by the Institute of Con
temporary Arts under the aus
pices of the State Department.
Mr. George Baker, English poet,
will deliver an original composi
tion, "A Letter to a Deaf Poet,"
tonight at 7:30 in Cubberly Audi
torium.
Mr. Baker is being sponsored
by the creative writing depart
ment. He is currently on a tour
of American universities made
possible by the Institute of Con
temporary Arts under the aus
pices of the State Department.
Mr. George Baker, English poet,
will deliver an original composi
tion, "A Letter to a Deaf Poet,"
tonight at 7:30 in Cubberly Audi
torium.
Mr. Baker is being sponsored
by the creative writing depart
ment. He is currently on a tour
of American universities made
possible by the Institute of Con
temporary Arts under the aus
pices of the State Department.
Mr. George Baker, English poet,
will deliver an original composi
tion, "A Letter to a Deaf Poet,"
tonight at 7:30 in Cubberly Audi
torium.
Mr. Baker is being sponsored
by the creative writing depart
ment. He is currently on a tour
of American universities made
possible by the Institute of Con
temporary Arts under the aus
pices of the State Department.
Mr. George Baker, English poet,
will deliver an original composi
tion, "A Letter to a Deaf Poet,"
tonight at 7:30 in Cubberly Audi
torium.
Mr. Baker is being sponsored
by the creative writing depart
ment. He is currently on a tour
of American universities made
possible by the Institute of Con
temporary Arts under the aus
pices of the State Department.
Mr. George Baker, English poet,
will deliver an original composi
tion, "A Letter to a Deaf Poet,"
tonight at 7:30 in Cubberly Audi
torium.
Mr. Baker is being sponsored
by the creative writing depart
ment. He is currently on a tour
of American universities made
possible by the Institute of Con
temporary Arts under the aus
pices of the State Department.
Mr. George Baker, English poet,
will deliver an original composi
tion, "A Letter to a Deaf Poet,"
tonight at 7:30 in Cubberly Audi
torium.
Mr. Baker is being sponsored
by the creative writing depart
ment. He is currently on a tour
of American universities made
possible by the Institute of Con
temporary Arts under the aus
pices of the State Department.
Mr. George Baker, English poet,
will deliver an original composi
tion, "A Letter to a Deaf Poet,"
tonight at 7:30 in Cubberly Audi
torium.
Mr. Baker is being sponsored
by the creative writing depart
ment. He is currently on a tour
of American universities made
possible by the Institute of Con
temporary Arts under the aus
pices of the State Department.
Mr. George Baker, English poet,
will deliver an original composi
tion, "A Letter to a Deaf Poet,"
tonight at 7:30 in Cubberly Audi
torium.
Mr. Baker is being sponsored
by the creative writing depart
ment. He is currently on a tour
of American universities made
possible by the Institute of Con
temporary Arts under the aus
pices of the State Department.
Mr. George Baker, English poet,
will deliver an original composi
tion, "A Letter to a Deaf Poet,"
tonight at 7:30 in Cubberly Audi
torium.
Mr. Baker is being sponsored
by the creative writing depart
ment. He is currently on a tour
of American universities made
possible by the Institute of Con
temporary Arts under the aus
pices of the State Department.
Mr. George Baker, English poet,
will deliver an original composi
tion, "A Letter to a Deaf Poet,"
tonight at 7:30 in Cubberly Audi
torium.
Mr. Baker is being sponsored
by the creative writing depart
ment. He is currently on a tour
of American universities made
possible by the Institute of Con
temporary Arts under the aus
pices of the State Department.
Mr. George Baker, English poet,
will deliver an original composi
tion, "A Letter to a Deaf Poet,"
tonight at 7:30 in Cubberly Audi
torium.
Mr. Baker is being sponsored
by the creative writing depart
ment. He is currently on a tour
of American universities made
possible by the Institute of Con
temporary Arts under the aus
pices of the State Department.
Mr. George Baker, English poet,
will deliver an original composi
tion, "A Letter to a Deaf Poet,"
tonight at 7:30 in Cubberly Audi
torium.
Mr. Baker is being sponsored
by the creative writing depart
ment. He is currently on a tour
of American universities made
possible by the Institute of Con
temporary Arts under the aus
pices of the State Department.
Mr. George Baker, English poet,
will deliver an original composi
tion, "A Letter to a Deaf Poet,"
tonight at 7:30 in Cubberly Audi
torium.
Mr. Baker is being sponsored
by the creative writing depart
ment. He is currently on a tour
of American universities made
possible by the Institute of Con
temporary Arts under the aus
pices of the State Department.
Mr. George Baker, English poet,
will deliver an original composi
tion, "A Letter to a Deaf Poet,"
tonight at 7:30 in Cubberly Audi
torium.
Mr. Baker is being sponsored
by the creative writing depart
ment. He is currently on a tour
of American universities made
possible by the Institute of Con
temporary Arts under the aus
pices of the State Department.
Mr. George Baker, English poet,
will deliver an original composi
tion, "A Letter to a Deaf Poet,"
tonight at 7:30 in Cubberly Audi
torium.
Mr. Baker is being sponsored
by the creative writing depart
ment. He is currently on a tour
of American universities made
possible by the Institute of Con
temporary Arts under the aus
pices of the State Department.
Mr. George Baker, English poet,
will deliver an original composi
tion, "A Letter to a Deaf Poet,"
tonight at 7:30 in Cubberly Audi
torium.
Mr. Baker is being sponsored
by the creative writing depart
ment. He is currently on a tour
of American universities made
possible by the Institute of Con
temporary Arts under the aus
pices of the State Department.
Mr. George Baker, English poet,
will deliver an original composi
tion, "A Letter to a Deaf Poet,"
tonight at 7:30 in Cubberly Audi
torium.
Mr. Baker is being sponsored
by the creative writing depart
ment. He is currently on a tour
of American universities made
possible by the Institute of Con
temporary Arts under the aus
pices of the State Department.
