# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Circle S Society will turn out en
masse Wednesday for a big steak din
ner taken in connection with a regular
meeting at Stanford Inn at G:3O.
Circle S Society will turn out en
masse Wednesday for a big steak din
ner taken in connection with a regular
meeting at Stanford Inn at G:3O.
Circle S Society will turn out en
masse Wednesday for a big steak din
ner taken in connection with a regular
meeting at Stanford Inn at G:3O.
Circle S Society will turn out en
masse Wednesday for a big steak din
ner taken in connection with a regular
meeting at Stanford Inn at G:3O.
Circle S Society will turn out en
masse Wednesday for a big steak din
ner taken in connection with a regular
meeting at Stanford Inn at G:3O.
Circle S Society will turn out en
masse Wednesday for a big steak din
ner taken in connection with a regular
meeting at Stanford Inn at G:3O.
Circle S Society will turn out en
masse Wednesday for a big steak din
ner taken in connection with a regular
meeting at Stanford Inn at G:3O.
Circle S Society will turn out en
masse Wednesday for a big steak din
ner taken in connection with a regular
meeting at Stanford Inn at G:3O.
Circle S Society will turn out en
masse Wednesday for a big steak din
ner taken in connection with a regular
meeting at Stanford Inn at G:3O.
Circle S Society will turn out en
masse Wednesday for a big steak din
ner taken in connection with a regular
meeting at Stanford Inn at G:3O.
Circle S Society will turn out en
masse Wednesday for a big steak din
ner taken in connection with a regular
meeting at Stanford Inn at G:3O.
Circle S Society will turn out en
masse Wednesday for a big steak din
ner taken in connection with a regular
meeting at Stanford Inn at G:3O.
Circle S Society will turn out en
masse Wednesday for a big steak din
ner taken in connection with a regular
meeting at Stanford Inn at G:3O.
Circle S Society will turn out en
masse Wednesday for a big steak din
ner taken in connection with a regular
meeting at Stanford Inn at G:3O.
