# Professor Durand to Speak on Aeronautics
## 
### 
"Aeronautic Research" is to be the
subject of a lecture which Professor
W. F. Durand of the Mechanical En
gineering department will deliver
Wednesday morning to students inter
ested in the recent developments and
progress of the science of aviation.
Professor Durand was last month
elected chairman of the National Ad
visory Committee on Aeronautics at
Washington, D. C., and since then has
been formulating plans for the in
stallation of an aerodynamic labora
tory at Stanford where problems with
which this committee is concerned
will be investigated.
The lecture, which will be held in
room 280 of the Engineering building,
at 8 p.m., is given under the auspices
of the Mechanical Engineering Society.
"Aeronautic Research" is to be the
subject of a lecture which Professor
W. F. Durand of the Mechanical En
gineering department will deliver
Wednesday morning to students inter
ested in the recent developments and
progress of the science of aviation.
Professor Durand was last month
elected chairman of the National Ad
visory Committee on Aeronautics at
Washington, D. C., and since then has
been formulating plans for the in
stallation of an aerodynamic labora
tory at Stanford where problems with
which this committee is concerned
will be investigated.
The lecture, which will be held in
room 280 of the Engineering building,
at 8 p.m., is given under the auspices
of the Mechanical Engineering Society.
"Aeronautic Research" is to be the
subject of a lecture which Professor
W. F. Durand of the Mechanical En
gineering department will deliver
Wednesday morning to students inter
ested in the recent developments and
progress of the science of aviation.
Professor Durand was last month
elected chairman of the National Ad
visory Committee on Aeronautics at
Washington, D. C., and since then has
been formulating plans for the in
stallation of an aerodynamic labora
tory at Stanford where problems with
which this committee is concerned
will be investigated.
The lecture, which will be held in
room 280 of the Engineering building,
at 8 p.m., is given under the auspices
of the Mechanical Engineering Society.
"Aeronautic Research" is to be the
subject of a lecture which Professor
W. F. Durand of the Mechanical En
gineering department will deliver
Wednesday morning to students inter
ested in the recent developments and
progress of the science of aviation.
Professor Durand was last month
elected chairman of the National Ad
visory Committee on Aeronautics at
Washington, D. C., and since then has
been formulating plans for the in
stallation of an aerodynamic labora
tory at Stanford where problems with
which this committee is concerned
will be investigated.
The lecture, which will be held in
room 280 of the Engineering building,
at 8 p.m., is given under the auspices
of the Mechanical Engineering Society.
"Aeronautic Research" is to be the
subject of a lecture which Professor
W. F. Durand of the Mechanical En
gineering department will deliver
Wednesday morning to students inter
ested in the recent developments and
progress of the science of aviation.
Professor Durand was last month
elected chairman of the National Ad
visory Committee on Aeronautics at
Washington, D. C., and since then has
been formulating plans for the in
stallation of an aerodynamic labora
tory at Stanford where problems with
which this committee is concerned
will be investigated.
The lecture, which will be held in
room 280 of the Engineering building,
at 8 p.m., is given under the auspices
of the Mechanical Engineering Society.
"Aeronautic Research" is to be the
subject of a lecture which Professor
W. F. Durand of the Mechanical En
gineering department will deliver
Wednesday morning to students inter
ested in the recent developments and
progress of the science of aviation.
Professor Durand was last month
elected chairman of the National Ad
visory Committee on Aeronautics at
Washington, D. C., and since then has
been formulating plans for the in
stallation of an aerodynamic labora
tory at Stanford where problems with
which this committee is concerned
will be investigated.
The lecture, which will be held in
room 280 of the Engineering building,
at 8 p.m., is given under the auspices
of the Mechanical Engineering Society.
"Aeronautic Research" is to be the
subject of a lecture which Professor
W. F. Durand of the Mechanical En
gineering department will deliver
Wednesday morning to students inter
ested in the recent developments and
progress of the science of aviation.
Professor Durand was last month
elected chairman of the National Ad
visory Committee on Aeronautics at
Washington, D. C., and since then has
been formulating plans for the in
stallation of an aerodynamic labora
tory at Stanford where problems with
which this committee is concerned
will be investigated.
The lecture, which will be held in
room 280 of the Engineering building,
at 8 p.m., is given under the auspices
of the Mechanical Engineering Society.
"Aeronautic Research" is to be the
subject of a lecture which Professor
W. F. Durand of the Mechanical En
gineering department will deliver
Wednesday morning to students inter
ested in the recent developments and
progress of the science of aviation.
Professor Durand was last month
elected chairman of the National Ad
visory Committee on Aeronautics at
Washington, D. C., and since then has
been formulating plans for the in
stallation of an aerodynamic labora
tory at Stanford where problems with
which this committee is concerned
will be investigated.
The lecture, which will be held in
room 280 of the Engineering building,
at 8 p.m., is given under the auspices
of the Mechanical Engineering Society.
"Aeronautic Research" is to be the
subject of a lecture which Professor
W. F. Durand of the Mechanical En
gineering department will deliver
Wednesday morning to students inter
ested in the recent developments and
progress of the science of aviation.
Professor Durand was last month
elected chairman of the National Ad
visory Committee on Aeronautics at
Washington, D. C., and since then has
been formulating plans for the in
stallation of an aerodynamic labora
tory at Stanford where problems with
which this committee is concerned
will be investigated.
The lecture, which will be held in
room 280 of the Engineering building,
at 8 p.m., is given under the auspices
of the Mechanical Engineering Society.
"Aeronautic Research" is to be the
subject of a lecture which Professor
W. F. Durand of the Mechanical En
gineering department will deliver
Wednesday morning to students inter
ested in the recent developments and
progress of the science of aviation.
Professor Durand was last month
elected chairman of the National Ad
visory Committee on Aeronautics at
Washington, D. C., and since then has
been formulating plans for the in
stallation of an aerodynamic labora
tory at Stanford where problems with
which this committee is concerned
will be investigated.
The lecture, which will be held in
room 280 of the Engineering building,
at 8 p.m., is given under the auspices
of the Mechanical Engineering Society.
"Aeronautic Research" is to be the
subject of a lecture which Professor
W. F. Durand of the Mechanical En
gineering department will deliver
Wednesday morning to students inter
ested in the recent developments and
progress of the science of aviation.
Professor Durand was last month
elected chairman of the National Ad
visory Committee on Aeronautics at
Washington, D. C., and since then has
been formulating plans for the in
stallation of an aerodynamic labora
tory at Stanford where problems with
which this committee is concerned
will be investigated.
The lecture, which will be held in
room 280 of the Engineering building,
at 8 p.m., is given under the auspices
of the Mechanical Engineering Society.
"Aeronautic Research" is to be the
subject of a lecture which Professor
W. F. Durand of the Mechanical En
gineering department will deliver
Wednesday morning to students inter
ested in the recent developments and
progress of the science of aviation.
Professor Durand was last month
elected chairman of the National Ad
visory Committee on Aeronautics at
Washington, D. C., and since then has
been formulating plans for the in
stallation of an aerodynamic labora
tory at Stanford where problems with
which this committee is concerned
will be investigated.
The lecture, which will be held in
room 280 of the Engineering building,
at 8 p.m., is given under the auspices
of the Mechanical Engineering Society.
"Aeronautic Research" is to be the
subject of a lecture which Professor
W. F. Durand of the Mechanical En
gineering department will deliver
Wednesday morning to students inter
ested in the recent developments and
progress of the science of aviation.
Professor Durand was last month
elected chairman of the National Ad
visory Committee on Aeronautics at
Washington, D. C., and since then has
been formulating plans for the in
stallation of an aerodynamic labora
tory at Stanford where problems with
which this committee is concerned
will be investigated.
The lecture, which will be held in
room 280 of the Engineering building,
at 8 p.m., is given under the auspices
of the Mechanical Engineering Society.
"Aeronautic Research" is to be the
subject of a lecture which Professor
W. F. Durand of the Mechanical En
gineering department will deliver
Wednesday morning to students inter
ested in the recent developments and
progress of the science of aviation.
Professor Durand was last month
elected chairman of the National Ad
visory Committee on Aeronautics at
Washington, D. C., and since then has
been formulating plans for the in
stallation of an aerodynamic labora
tory at Stanford where problems with
which this committee is concerned
will be investigated.
The lecture, which will be held in
room 280 of the Engineering building,
at 8 p.m., is given under the auspices
of the Mechanical Engineering Society.
