# Davis to Discuss Food Scarcity on KPO Sunday
## 
### 
Joseph Stancliffe Davis, director of
Stanford's Food Research and formerly
chief economist of the Federal Farm
Board, will speak on KPO's Community
Forum broadcast at 4 o'clock Sunday
afternoon, July 21.
"Food for Four Billion" will be the
theme for the afternoon's discussions
which will include several talks on nu
trition. Davis's subject is "Docs the
World Face Food Scarcity?"
Joseph Stancliffe Davis, director of
Stanford's Food Research and formerly
chief economist of the Federal Farm
Board, will speak on KPO's Community
Forum broadcast at 4 o'clock Sunday
afternoon, July 21.
"Food for Four Billion" will be the
theme for the afternoon's discussions
which will include several talks on nu
trition. Davis's subject is "Docs the
World Face Food Scarcity?"
Joseph Stancliffe Davis, director of
Stanford's Food Research and formerly
chief economist of the Federal Farm
Board, will speak on KPO's Community
Forum broadcast at 4 o'clock Sunday
afternoon, July 21.
"Food for Four Billion" will be the
theme for the afternoon's discussions
which will include several talks on nu
trition. Davis's subject is "Docs the
World Face Food Scarcity?"
Joseph Stancliffe Davis, director of
Stanford's Food Research and formerly
chief economist of the Federal Farm
Board, will speak on KPO's Community
Forum broadcast at 4 o'clock Sunday
afternoon, July 21.
"Food for Four Billion" will be the
theme for the afternoon's discussions
which will include several talks on nu
trition. Davis's subject is "Docs the
World Face Food Scarcity?"
Joseph Stancliffe Davis, director of
Stanford's Food Research and formerly
chief economist of the Federal Farm
Board, will speak on KPO's Community
Forum broadcast at 4 o'clock Sunday
afternoon, July 21.
"Food for Four Billion" will be the
theme for the afternoon's discussions
which will include several talks on nu
trition. Davis's subject is "Docs the
World Face Food Scarcity?"
Joseph Stancliffe Davis, director of
Stanford's Food Research and formerly
chief economist of the Federal Farm
Board, will speak on KPO's Community
Forum broadcast at 4 o'clock Sunday
afternoon, July 21.
"Food for Four Billion" will be the
theme for the afternoon's discussions
which will include several talks on nu
trition. Davis's subject is "Docs the
World Face Food Scarcity?"
Joseph Stancliffe Davis, director of
Stanford's Food Research and formerly
chief economist of the Federal Farm
Board, will speak on KPO's Community
Forum broadcast at 4 o'clock Sunday
afternoon, July 21.
"Food for Four Billion" will be the
theme for the afternoon's discussions
which will include several talks on nu
trition. Davis's subject is "Docs the
World Face Food Scarcity?"
Joseph Stancliffe Davis, director of
Stanford's Food Research and formerly
chief economist of the Federal Farm
Board, will speak on KPO's Community
Forum broadcast at 4 o'clock Sunday
afternoon, July 21.
"Food for Four Billion" will be the
theme for the afternoon's discussions
which will include several talks on nu
trition. Davis's subject is "Docs the
World Face Food Scarcity?"
Joseph Stancliffe Davis, director of
Stanford's Food Research and formerly
chief economist of the Federal Farm
Board, will speak on KPO's Community
Forum broadcast at 4 o'clock Sunday
afternoon, July 21.
"Food for Four Billion" will be the
theme for the afternoon's discussions
which will include several talks on nu
trition. Davis's subject is "Docs the
World Face Food Scarcity?"
Joseph Stancliffe Davis, director of
Stanford's Food Research and formerly
chief economist of the Federal Farm
Board, will speak on KPO's Community
Forum broadcast at 4 o'clock Sunday
afternoon, July 21.
"Food for Four Billion" will be the
theme for the afternoon's discussions
which will include several talks on nu
trition. Davis's subject is "Docs the
World Face Food Scarcity?"
Joseph Stancliffe Davis, director of
Stanford's Food Research and formerly
chief economist of the Federal Farm
Board, will speak on KPO's Community
Forum broadcast at 4 o'clock Sunday
afternoon, July 21.
"Food for Four Billion" will be the
theme for the afternoon's discussions
which will include several talks on nu
trition. Davis's subject is "Docs the
World Face Food Scarcity?"
Joseph Stancliffe Davis, director of
Stanford's Food Research and formerly
chief economist of the Federal Farm
Board, will speak on KPO's Community
Forum broadcast at 4 o'clock Sunday
afternoon, July 21.
"Food for Four Billion" will be the
theme for the afternoon's discussions
which will include several talks on nu
trition. Davis's subject is "Docs the
World Face Food Scarcity?"
Joseph Stancliffe Davis, director of
Stanford's Food Research and formerly
chief economist of the Federal Farm
Board, will speak on KPO's Community
Forum broadcast at 4 o'clock Sunday
afternoon, July 21.
"Food for Four Billion" will be the
theme for the afternoon's discussions
which will include several talks on nu
trition. Davis's subject is "Docs the
World Face Food Scarcity?"
Joseph Stancliffe Davis, director of
Stanford's Food Research and formerly
chief economist of the Federal Farm
Board, will speak on KPO's Community
Forum broadcast at 4 o'clock Sunday
afternoon, July 21.
"Food for Four Billion" will be the
theme for the afternoon's discussions
which will include several talks on nu
trition. Davis's subject is "Docs the
World Face Food Scarcity?"
