# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
DANCING
AFTER THE CAME
NEXT SATURDAY?
Thoits has just received a
complete new line of eve
ning slippers. White sat
ins, black satins, piped
with gold and all silver
kid. Priced from
3.50 fo 7.75
cMycvVJ
171 University Ave.
DANCING
AFTER THE CAME
NEXT SATURDAY?
Thoits has just received a
complete new line of eve
ning slippers. White sat
ins, black satins, piped
with gold and all silver
kid. Priced from
3.50 fo 7.75
cMycvVJ
171 University Ave.
DANCING
AFTER THE CAME
NEXT SATURDAY?
Thoits has just received a
complete new line of eve
ning slippers. White sat
ins, black satins, piped
with gold and all silver
kid. Priced from
3.50 fo 7.75
cMycvVJ
171 University Ave.
DANCING
AFTER THE CAME
NEXT SATURDAY?
Thoits has just received a
complete new line of eve
ning slippers. White sat
ins, black satins, piped
with gold and all silver
kid. Priced from
3.50 fo 7.75
cMycvVJ
171 University Ave.
DANCING
AFTER THE CAME
NEXT SATURDAY?
Thoits has just received a
complete new line of eve
ning slippers. White sat
ins, black satins, piped
with gold and all silver
kid. Priced from
3.50 fo 7.75
cMycvVJ
171 University Ave.
DANCING
AFTER THE CAME
NEXT SATURDAY?
Thoits has just received a
complete new line of eve
ning slippers. White sat
ins, black satins, piped
with gold and all silver
kid. Priced from
3.50 fo 7.75
cMycvVJ
171 University Ave.
DANCING
AFTER THE CAME
NEXT SATURDAY?
Thoits has just received a
complete new line of eve
ning slippers. White sat
ins, black satins, piped
with gold and all silver
kid. Priced from
3.50 fo 7.75
cMycvVJ
171 University Ave.
DANCING
AFTER THE CAME
NEXT SATURDAY?
Thoits has just received a
complete new line of eve
ning slippers. White sat
ins, black satins, piped
with gold and all silver
kid. Priced from
3.50 fo 7.75
cMycvVJ
171 University Ave.
DANCING
AFTER THE CAME
NEXT SATURDAY?
Thoits has just received a
complete new line of eve
ning slippers. White sat
ins, black satins, piped
with gold and all silver
kid. Priced from
3.50 fo 7.75
cMycvVJ
171 University Ave.
DANCING
AFTER THE CAME
NEXT SATURDAY?
Thoits has just received a
complete new line of eve
ning slippers. White sat
ins, black satins, piped
with gold and all silver
kid. Priced from
3.50 fo 7.75
cMycvVJ
171 University Ave.
DANCING
AFTER THE CAME
NEXT SATURDAY?
Thoits has just received a
complete new line of eve
ning slippers. White sat
ins, black satins, piped
with gold and all silver
kid. Priced from
3.50 fo 7.75
cMycvVJ
171 University Ave.
DANCING
AFTER THE CAME
NEXT SATURDAY?
Thoits has just received a
complete new line of eve
ning slippers. White sat
ins, black satins, piped
with gold and all silver
kid. Priced from
3.50 fo 7.75
cMycvVJ
171 University Ave.
DANCING
AFTER THE CAME
NEXT SATURDAY?
Thoits has just received a
complete new line of eve
ning slippers. White sat
ins, black satins, piped
with gold and all silver
kid. Priced from
3.50 fo 7.75
cMycvVJ
171 University Ave.
DANCING
AFTER THE CAME
NEXT SATURDAY?
Thoits has just received a
complete new line of eve
ning slippers. White sat
ins, black satins, piped
with gold and all silver
kid. Priced from
3.50 fo 7.75
cMycvVJ
171 University Ave.
DANCING
AFTER THE CAME
NEXT SATURDAY?
Thoits has just received a
complete new line of eve
ning slippers. White sat
ins, black satins, piped
with gold and all silver
kid. Priced from
3.50 fo 7.75
cMycvVJ
171 University Ave.
DANCING
AFTER THE CAME
NEXT SATURDAY?
Thoits has just received a
complete new line of eve
ning slippers. White sat
ins, black satins, piped
with gold and all silver
kid. Priced from
3.50 fo 7.75
cMycvVJ
171 University Ave.
