# Gallery Displays Spanish Handicraft
## 
### 
Art exhibitions for enthusiasts
with limited time have been ar
ranged by Pedro deLemos, director
of the Stanford Museum and Art
Gallery. These exhibits are planned
compactly .so that a half hour will
sufliro in sop the displayed art.
Each month there will be a differ
ent "half-hour" handicraft exhibit.
Spanish handicraft is the subject
of the October display.
Art exhibitions for enthusiasts
with limited time have been ar
ranged by Pedro deLemos, director
of the Stanford Museum and Art
Gallery. These exhibits are planned
compactly .so that a half hour will
sufliro in sop the displayed art.
Each month there will be a differ
ent "half-hour" handicraft exhibit.
Spanish handicraft is the subject
of the October display.
Art exhibitions for enthusiasts
with limited time have been ar
ranged by Pedro deLemos, director
of the Stanford Museum and Art
Gallery. These exhibits are planned
compactly .so that a half hour will
sufliro in sop the displayed art.
Each month there will be a differ
ent "half-hour" handicraft exhibit.
Spanish handicraft is the subject
of the October display.
Art exhibitions for enthusiasts
with limited time have been ar
ranged by Pedro deLemos, director
of the Stanford Museum and Art
Gallery. These exhibits are planned
compactly .so that a half hour will
sufliro in sop the displayed art.
Each month there will be a differ
ent "half-hour" handicraft exhibit.
Spanish handicraft is the subject
of the October display.
Art exhibitions for enthusiasts
with limited time have been ar
ranged by Pedro deLemos, director
of the Stanford Museum and Art
Gallery. These exhibits are planned
compactly .so that a half hour will
sufliro in sop the displayed art.
Each month there will be a differ
ent "half-hour" handicraft exhibit.
Spanish handicraft is the subject
of the October display.
Art exhibitions for enthusiasts
with limited time have been ar
ranged by Pedro deLemos, director
of the Stanford Museum and Art
Gallery. These exhibits are planned
compactly .so that a half hour will
sufliro in sop the displayed art.
Each month there will be a differ
ent "half-hour" handicraft exhibit.
Spanish handicraft is the subject
of the October display.
Art exhibitions for enthusiasts
with limited time have been ar
ranged by Pedro deLemos, director
of the Stanford Museum and Art
Gallery. These exhibits are planned
compactly .so that a half hour will
sufliro in sop the displayed art.
Each month there will be a differ
ent "half-hour" handicraft exhibit.
Spanish handicraft is the subject
of the October display.
Art exhibitions for enthusiasts
with limited time have been ar
ranged by Pedro deLemos, director
of the Stanford Museum and Art
Gallery. These exhibits are planned
compactly .so that a half hour will
sufliro in sop the displayed art.
Each month there will be a differ
ent "half-hour" handicraft exhibit.
Spanish handicraft is the subject
of the October display.
Art exhibitions for enthusiasts
with limited time have been ar
ranged by Pedro deLemos, director
of the Stanford Museum and Art
Gallery. These exhibits are planned
compactly .so that a half hour will
sufliro in sop the displayed art.
Each month there will be a differ
ent "half-hour" handicraft exhibit.
Spanish handicraft is the subject
of the October display.
Art exhibitions for enthusiasts
with limited time have been ar
ranged by Pedro deLemos, director
of the Stanford Museum and Art
Gallery. These exhibits are planned
compactly .so that a half hour will
sufliro in sop the displayed art.
Each month there will be a differ
ent "half-hour" handicraft exhibit.
Spanish handicraft is the subject
of the October display.
Art exhibitions for enthusiasts
with limited time have been ar
ranged by Pedro deLemos, director
of the Stanford Museum and Art
Gallery. These exhibits are planned
compactly .so that a half hour will
sufliro in sop the displayed art.
Each month there will be a differ
ent "half-hour" handicraft exhibit.
Spanish handicraft is the subject
of the October display.
Art exhibitions for enthusiasts
with limited time have been ar
ranged by Pedro deLemos, director
of the Stanford Museum and Art
Gallery. These exhibits are planned
compactly .so that a half hour will
sufliro in sop the displayed art.
Each month there will be a differ
ent "half-hour" handicraft exhibit.
Spanish handicraft is the subject
of the October display.
Art exhibitions for enthusiasts
with limited time have been ar
ranged by Pedro deLemos, director
of the Stanford Museum and Art
Gallery. These exhibits are planned
compactly .so that a half hour will
sufliro in sop the displayed art.
Each month there will be a differ
ent "half-hour" handicraft exhibit.
Spanish handicraft is the subject
of the October display.
Art exhibitions for enthusiasts
with limited time have been ar
ranged by Pedro deLemos, director
of the Stanford Museum and Art
Gallery. These exhibits are planned
compactly .so that a half hour will
sufliro in sop the displayed art.
Each month there will be a differ
ent "half-hour" handicraft exhibit.
Spanish handicraft is the subject
of the October display.
Art exhibitions for enthusiasts
with limited time have been ar
ranged by Pedro deLemos, director
of the Stanford Museum and Art
Gallery. These exhibits are planned
compactly .so that a half hour will
sufliro in sop the displayed art.
Each month there will be a differ
ent "half-hour" handicraft exhibit.
Spanish handicraft is the subject
of the October display.
Art exhibitions for enthusiasts
with limited time have been ar
ranged by Pedro deLemos, director
of the Stanford Museum and Art
Gallery. These exhibits are planned
compactly .so that a half hour will
sufliro in sop the displayed art.
Each month there will be a differ
ent "half-hour" handicraft exhibit.
Spanish handicraft is the subject
of the October display.
