# WINTER AGAIN
## 
### 
The Editor, Sir:
Since when has the Daily taken it
upon itself to attack individuals in
the student body through its col
umns?
I specifically refer to recent jibes
referring to a student owing a Cord,
whose business is it what kind of a
car a student drives on the campus?
Personally, I hie myself along in a
comparative junk heap, but I don't
feel so envious of the Cord that I
want to attack the owner. Use the
Daily for some good purpose—get
the theater prices lowered—it's win
ter again!
Grippd
The Editor, Sir:
Since when has the Daily taken it
upon itself to attack individuals in
the student body through its col
umns?
I specifically refer to recent jibes
referring to a student owing a Cord,
whose business is it what kind of a
car a student drives on the campus?
Personally, I hie myself along in a
comparative junk heap, but I don't
feel so envious of the Cord that I
want to attack the owner. Use the
Daily for some good purpose—get
the theater prices lowered—it's win
ter again!
Grippd
The Editor, Sir:
Since when has the Daily taken it
upon itself to attack individuals in
the student body through its col
umns?
I specifically refer to recent jibes
referring to a student owing a Cord,
whose business is it what kind of a
car a student drives on the campus?
Personally, I hie myself along in a
comparative junk heap, but I don't
feel so envious of the Cord that I
want to attack the owner. Use the
Daily for some good purpose—get
the theater prices lowered—it's win
ter again!
Grippd
The Editor, Sir:
Since when has the Daily taken it
upon itself to attack individuals in
the student body through its col
umns?
I specifically refer to recent jibes
referring to a student owing a Cord,
whose business is it what kind of a
car a student drives on the campus?
Personally, I hie myself along in a
comparative junk heap, but I don't
feel so envious of the Cord that I
want to attack the owner. Use the
Daily for some good purpose—get
the theater prices lowered—it's win
ter again!
Grippd
The Editor, Sir:
Since when has the Daily taken it
upon itself to attack individuals in
the student body through its col
umns?
I specifically refer to recent jibes
referring to a student owing a Cord,
whose business is it what kind of a
car a student drives on the campus?
Personally, I hie myself along in a
comparative junk heap, but I don't
feel so envious of the Cord that I
want to attack the owner. Use the
Daily for some good purpose—get
the theater prices lowered—it's win
ter again!
Grippd
The Editor, Sir:
Since when has the Daily taken it
upon itself to attack individuals in
the student body through its col
umns?
I specifically refer to recent jibes
referring to a student owing a Cord,
whose business is it what kind of a
car a student drives on the campus?
Personally, I hie myself along in a
comparative junk heap, but I don't
feel so envious of the Cord that I
want to attack the owner. Use the
Daily for some good purpose—get
the theater prices lowered—it's win
ter again!
Grippd
The Editor, Sir:
Since when has the Daily taken it
upon itself to attack individuals in
the student body through its col
umns?
I specifically refer to recent jibes
referring to a student owing a Cord,
whose business is it what kind of a
car a student drives on the campus?
Personally, I hie myself along in a
comparative junk heap, but I don't
feel so envious of the Cord that I
want to attack the owner. Use the
Daily for some good purpose—get
the theater prices lowered—it's win
ter again!
Grippd
The Editor, Sir:
Since when has the Daily taken it
upon itself to attack individuals in
the student body through its col
umns?
I specifically refer to recent jibes
referring to a student owing a Cord,
whose business is it what kind of a
car a student drives on the campus?
Personally, I hie myself along in a
comparative junk heap, but I don't
feel so envious of the Cord that I
want to attack the owner. Use the
Daily for some good purpose—get
the theater prices lowered—it's win
ter again!
Grippd
The Editor, Sir:
Since when has the Daily taken it
upon itself to attack individuals in
the student body through its col
umns?
I specifically refer to recent jibes
referring to a student owing a Cord,
whose business is it what kind of a
car a student drives on the campus?
Personally, I hie myself along in a
comparative junk heap, but I don't
feel so envious of the Cord that I
want to attack the owner. Use the
Daily for some good purpose—get
the theater prices lowered—it's win
ter again!
Grippd
The Editor, Sir:
Since when has the Daily taken it
upon itself to attack individuals in
the student body through its col
umns?
I specifically refer to recent jibes
referring to a student owing a Cord,
whose business is it what kind of a
car a student drives on the campus?
Personally, I hie myself along in a
comparative junk heap, but I don't
feel so envious of the Cord that I
want to attack the owner. Use the
Daily for some good purpose—get
the theater prices lowered—it's win
ter again!
Grippd
The Editor, Sir:
Since when has the Daily taken it
upon itself to attack individuals in
the student body through its col
umns?
I specifically refer to recent jibes
referring to a student owing a Cord,
whose business is it what kind of a
car a student drives on the campus?
Personally, I hie myself along in a
comparative junk heap, but I don't
feel so envious of the Cord that I
want to attack the owner. Use the
Daily for some good purpose—get
the theater prices lowered—it's win
ter again!
Grippd
The Editor, Sir:
Since when has the Daily taken it
upon itself to attack individuals in
the student body through its col
umns?
I specifically refer to recent jibes
referring to a student owing a Cord,
whose business is it what kind of a
car a student drives on the campus?
Personally, I hie myself along in a
comparative junk heap, but I don't
feel so envious of the Cord that I
want to attack the owner. Use the
Daily for some good purpose—get
the theater prices lowered—it's win
ter again!
Grippd
The Editor, Sir:
Since when has the Daily taken it
upon itself to attack individuals in
the student body through its col
umns?
I specifically refer to recent jibes
referring to a student owing a Cord,
whose business is it what kind of a
car a student drives on the campus?
Personally, I hie myself along in a
comparative junk heap, but I don't
feel so envious of the Cord that I
want to attack the owner. Use the
Daily for some good purpose—get
the theater prices lowered—it's win
ter again!
Grippd
The Editor, Sir:
Since when has the Daily taken it
upon itself to attack individuals in
the student body through its col
umns?
I specifically refer to recent jibes
referring to a student owing a Cord,
whose business is it what kind of a
car a student drives on the campus?
Personally, I hie myself along in a
comparative junk heap, but I don't
feel so envious of the Cord that I
want to attack the owner. Use the
Daily for some good purpose—get
the theater prices lowered—it's win
ter again!
Grippd
The Editor, Sir:
Since when has the Daily taken it
upon itself to attack individuals in
the student body through its col
umns?
I specifically refer to recent jibes
referring to a student owing a Cord,
whose business is it what kind of a
car a student drives on the campus?
Personally, I hie myself along in a
comparative junk heap, but I don't
feel so envious of the Cord that I
want to attack the owner. Use the
Daily for some good purpose—get
the theater prices lowered—it's win
ter again!
Grippd
The Editor, Sir:
Since when has the Daily taken it
upon itself to attack individuals in
the student body through its col
umns?
I specifically refer to recent jibes
referring to a student owing a Cord,
whose business is it what kind of a
car a student drives on the campus?
Personally, I hie myself along in a
comparative junk heap, but I don't
feel so envious of the Cord that I
want to attack the owner. Use the
Daily for some good purpose—get
the theater prices lowered—it's win
ter again!
Grippd
