# Dr. Manwaring Honored.
## 
### 
Dr. W. H. Manwaring, professor of
Bacteriology and Immunity, lias been
appointed chairman of the Pathological
Section of the National Association for
the Study and Prevention of Tubercu
losis, for their Pacific roast meeting in
101.".
Dr. W. H. Manwaring, professor of
Bacteriology and Immunity, lias been
appointed chairman of the Pathological
Section of the National Association for
the Study and Prevention of Tubercu
losis, for their Pacific roast meeting in
101.".
Dr. W. H. Manwaring, professor of
Bacteriology and Immunity, lias been
appointed chairman of the Pathological
Section of the National Association for
the Study and Prevention of Tubercu
losis, for their Pacific roast meeting in
101.".
Dr. W. H. Manwaring, professor of
Bacteriology and Immunity, lias been
appointed chairman of the Pathological
Section of the National Association for
the Study and Prevention of Tubercu
losis, for their Pacific roast meeting in
101.".
Dr. W. H. Manwaring, professor of
Bacteriology and Immunity, lias been
appointed chairman of the Pathological
Section of the National Association for
the Study and Prevention of Tubercu
losis, for their Pacific roast meeting in
101.".
Dr. W. H. Manwaring, professor of
Bacteriology and Immunity, lias been
appointed chairman of the Pathological
Section of the National Association for
the Study and Prevention of Tubercu
losis, for their Pacific roast meeting in
101.".
Dr. W. H. Manwaring, professor of
Bacteriology and Immunity, lias been
appointed chairman of the Pathological
Section of the National Association for
the Study and Prevention of Tubercu
losis, for their Pacific roast meeting in
101.".
Dr. W. H. Manwaring, professor of
Bacteriology and Immunity, lias been
appointed chairman of the Pathological
Section of the National Association for
the Study and Prevention of Tubercu
losis, for their Pacific roast meeting in
101.".
Dr. W. H. Manwaring, professor of
Bacteriology and Immunity, lias been
appointed chairman of the Pathological
Section of the National Association for
the Study and Prevention of Tubercu
losis, for their Pacific roast meeting in
101.".
Dr. W. H. Manwaring, professor of
Bacteriology and Immunity, lias been
appointed chairman of the Pathological
Section of the National Association for
the Study and Prevention of Tubercu
losis, for their Pacific roast meeting in
101.".
Dr. W. H. Manwaring, professor of
Bacteriology and Immunity, lias been
appointed chairman of the Pathological
Section of the National Association for
the Study and Prevention of Tubercu
losis, for their Pacific roast meeting in
101.".
Dr. W. H. Manwaring, professor of
Bacteriology and Immunity, lias been
appointed chairman of the Pathological
Section of the National Association for
the Study and Prevention of Tubercu
losis, for their Pacific roast meeting in
101.".
Dr. W. H. Manwaring, professor of
Bacteriology and Immunity, lias been
appointed chairman of the Pathological
Section of the National Association for
the Study and Prevention of Tubercu
losis, for their Pacific roast meeting in
101.".
Dr. W. H. Manwaring, professor of
Bacteriology and Immunity, lias been
appointed chairman of the Pathological
Section of the National Association for
the Study and Prevention of Tubercu
losis, for their Pacific roast meeting in
101.".
