# EX-SOLDIER ON TRIAL
## 
### 
SALINAS, Jan. 22 (A').—lrwin B.
Ottey, 35-year-old Monterey ex
soldier, went on trial in Superior
Court here today for the murder of
his estranged wife, Oreane, in a
Monterey chop suey house last Oc
tober 31.
SALINAS, Jan. 22 (A').—lrwin B.
Ottey, 35-year-old Monterey ex
soldier, went on trial in Superior
Court here today for the murder of
his estranged wife, Oreane, in a
Monterey chop suey house last Oc
tober 31.
SALINAS, Jan. 22 (A').—lrwin B.
Ottey, 35-year-old Monterey ex
soldier, went on trial in Superior
Court here today for the murder of
his estranged wife, Oreane, in a
Monterey chop suey house last Oc
tober 31.
SALINAS, Jan. 22 (A').—lrwin B.
Ottey, 35-year-old Monterey ex
soldier, went on trial in Superior
Court here today for the murder of
his estranged wife, Oreane, in a
Monterey chop suey house last Oc
tober 31.
SALINAS, Jan. 22 (A').—lrwin B.
Ottey, 35-year-old Monterey ex
soldier, went on trial in Superior
Court here today for the murder of
his estranged wife, Oreane, in a
Monterey chop suey house last Oc
tober 31.
SALINAS, Jan. 22 (A').—lrwin B.
Ottey, 35-year-old Monterey ex
soldier, went on trial in Superior
Court here today for the murder of
his estranged wife, Oreane, in a
Monterey chop suey house last Oc
tober 31.
SALINAS, Jan. 22 (A').—lrwin B.
Ottey, 35-year-old Monterey ex
soldier, went on trial in Superior
Court here today for the murder of
his estranged wife, Oreane, in a
Monterey chop suey house last Oc
tober 31.
SALINAS, Jan. 22 (A').—lrwin B.
Ottey, 35-year-old Monterey ex
soldier, went on trial in Superior
Court here today for the murder of
his estranged wife, Oreane, in a
Monterey chop suey house last Oc
tober 31.
SALINAS, Jan. 22 (A').—lrwin B.
Ottey, 35-year-old Monterey ex
soldier, went on trial in Superior
Court here today for the murder of
his estranged wife, Oreane, in a
Monterey chop suey house last Oc
tober 31.
SALINAS, Jan. 22 (A').—lrwin B.
Ottey, 35-year-old Monterey ex
soldier, went on trial in Superior
Court here today for the murder of
his estranged wife, Oreane, in a
Monterey chop suey house last Oc
tober 31.
SALINAS, Jan. 22 (A').—lrwin B.
Ottey, 35-year-old Monterey ex
soldier, went on trial in Superior
Court here today for the murder of
his estranged wife, Oreane, in a
Monterey chop suey house last Oc
tober 31.
SALINAS, Jan. 22 (A').—lrwin B.
Ottey, 35-year-old Monterey ex
soldier, went on trial in Superior
Court here today for the murder of
his estranged wife, Oreane, in a
Monterey chop suey house last Oc
tober 31.
SALINAS, Jan. 22 (A').—lrwin B.
Ottey, 35-year-old Monterey ex
soldier, went on trial in Superior
Court here today for the murder of
his estranged wife, Oreane, in a
Monterey chop suey house last Oc
tober 31.
SALINAS, Jan. 22 (A').—lrwin B.
Ottey, 35-year-old Monterey ex
soldier, went on trial in Superior
Court here today for the murder of
his estranged wife, Oreane, in a
Monterey chop suey house last Oc
tober 31.
SALINAS, Jan. 22 (A').—lrwin B.
Ottey, 35-year-old Monterey ex
soldier, went on trial in Superior
Court here today for the murder of
his estranged wife, Oreane, in a
Monterey chop suey house last Oc
tober 31.
