# Quad Unique Editor Says
## 
### 
'"People won't believe it until they
see it, but this year's Quad will be
different than previous books from
every standpoint," quoted Editor Ev
erett Moses.
The 1935 Quad will feature "candid
camera" shots worked out on black
spreads. Many campus figures have
been photographed unknowingly,
and their pictures have turned out
surprisingly well, according to
Moses.
The 40-page senior section includ
ing GOO members of the Class of '35,
already has been closed, thus en
abling the book to be completed one
or two months ahead of schedule.
Organization pledges, and students
who failed to keep their appoint
ments last quarter will be photo
graphed when the studio reopens on
February 4.
'"People won't believe it until they
see it, but this year's Quad will be
different than previous books from
every standpoint," quoted Editor Ev
erett Moses.
The 1935 Quad will feature "candid
camera" shots worked out on black
spreads. Many campus figures have
been photographed unknowingly,
and their pictures have turned out
surprisingly well, according to
Moses.
The 40-page senior section includ
ing GOO members of the Class of '35,
already has been closed, thus en
abling the book to be completed one
or two months ahead of schedule.
Organization pledges, and students
who failed to keep their appoint
ments last quarter will be photo
graphed when the studio reopens on
February 4.
'"People won't believe it until they
see it, but this year's Quad will be
different than previous books from
every standpoint," quoted Editor Ev
erett Moses.
The 1935 Quad will feature "candid
camera" shots worked out on black
spreads. Many campus figures have
been photographed unknowingly,
and their pictures have turned out
surprisingly well, according to
Moses.
The 40-page senior section includ
ing GOO members of the Class of '35,
already has been closed, thus en
abling the book to be completed one
or two months ahead of schedule.
Organization pledges, and students
who failed to keep their appoint
ments last quarter will be photo
graphed when the studio reopens on
February 4.
'"People won't believe it until they
see it, but this year's Quad will be
different than previous books from
every standpoint," quoted Editor Ev
erett Moses.
The 1935 Quad will feature "candid
camera" shots worked out on black
spreads. Many campus figures have
been photographed unknowingly,
and their pictures have turned out
surprisingly well, according to
Moses.
The 40-page senior section includ
ing GOO members of the Class of '35,
already has been closed, thus en
abling the book to be completed one
or two months ahead of schedule.
Organization pledges, and students
who failed to keep their appoint
ments last quarter will be photo
graphed when the studio reopens on
February 4.
'"People won't believe it until they
see it, but this year's Quad will be
different than previous books from
every standpoint," quoted Editor Ev
erett Moses.
The 1935 Quad will feature "candid
camera" shots worked out on black
spreads. Many campus figures have
been photographed unknowingly,
and their pictures have turned out
surprisingly well, according to
Moses.
The 40-page senior section includ
ing GOO members of the Class of '35,
already has been closed, thus en
abling the book to be completed one
or two months ahead of schedule.
Organization pledges, and students
who failed to keep their appoint
ments last quarter will be photo
graphed when the studio reopens on
February 4.
'"People won't believe it until they
see it, but this year's Quad will be
different than previous books from
every standpoint," quoted Editor Ev
erett Moses.
The 1935 Quad will feature "candid
camera" shots worked out on black
spreads. Many campus figures have
been photographed unknowingly,
and their pictures have turned out
surprisingly well, according to
Moses.
The 40-page senior section includ
ing GOO members of the Class of '35,
already has been closed, thus en
abling the book to be completed one
or two months ahead of schedule.
Organization pledges, and students
who failed to keep their appoint
ments last quarter will be photo
graphed when the studio reopens on
February 4.
'"People won't believe it until they
see it, but this year's Quad will be
different than previous books from
every standpoint," quoted Editor Ev
erett Moses.
The 1935 Quad will feature "candid
camera" shots worked out on black
spreads. Many campus figures have
been photographed unknowingly,
and their pictures have turned out
surprisingly well, according to
Moses.
The 40-page senior section includ
ing GOO members of the Class of '35,
already has been closed, thus en
abling the book to be completed one
or two months ahead of schedule.
Organization pledges, and students
who failed to keep their appoint
ments last quarter will be photo
graphed when the studio reopens on
February 4.
'"People won't believe it until they
see it, but this year's Quad will be
different than previous books from
every standpoint," quoted Editor Ev
erett Moses.
The 1935 Quad will feature "candid
camera" shots worked out on black
spreads. Many campus figures have
been photographed unknowingly,
and their pictures have turned out
surprisingly well, according to
Moses.
The 40-page senior section includ
ing GOO members of the Class of '35,
already has been closed, thus en
abling the book to be completed one
or two months ahead of schedule.
Organization pledges, and students
who failed to keep their appoint
ments last quarter will be photo
graphed when the studio reopens on
February 4.
'"People won't believe it until they
see it, but this year's Quad will be
different than previous books from
every standpoint," quoted Editor Ev
erett Moses.
The 1935 Quad will feature "candid
camera" shots worked out on black
spreads. Many campus figures have
been photographed unknowingly,
and their pictures have turned out
surprisingly well, according to
Moses.
The 40-page senior section includ
ing GOO members of the Class of '35,
already has been closed, thus en
abling the book to be completed one
or two months ahead of schedule.
Organization pledges, and students
who failed to keep their appoint
ments last quarter will be photo
graphed when the studio reopens on
February 4.
'"People won't believe it until they
see it, but this year's Quad will be
different than previous books from
every standpoint," quoted Editor Ev
erett Moses.
The 1935 Quad will feature "candid
camera" shots worked out on black
spreads. Many campus figures have
been photographed unknowingly,
and their pictures have turned out
surprisingly well, according to
Moses.
The 40-page senior section includ
ing GOO members of the Class of '35,
already has been closed, thus en
abling the book to be completed one
or two months ahead of schedule.
Organization pledges, and students
who failed to keep their appoint
ments last quarter will be photo
graphed when the studio reopens on
February 4.
'"People won't believe it until they
see it, but this year's Quad will be
different than previous books from
every standpoint," quoted Editor Ev
erett Moses.
The 1935 Quad will feature "candid
camera" shots worked out on black
spreads. Many campus figures have
been photographed unknowingly,
and their pictures have turned out
surprisingly well, according to
Moses.
The 40-page senior section includ
ing GOO members of the Class of '35,
already has been closed, thus en
abling the book to be completed one
or two months ahead of schedule.
Organization pledges, and students
who failed to keep their appoint
ments last quarter will be photo
graphed when the studio reopens on
February 4.
'"People won't believe it until they
see it, but this year's Quad will be
different than previous books from
every standpoint," quoted Editor Ev
erett Moses.
The 1935 Quad will feature "candid
camera" shots worked out on black
spreads. Many campus figures have
been photographed unknowingly,
and their pictures have turned out
surprisingly well, according to
Moses.
The 40-page senior section includ
ing GOO members of the Class of '35,
already has been closed, thus en
abling the book to be completed one
or two months ahead of schedule.
Organization pledges, and students
who failed to keep their appoint
ments last quarter will be photo
graphed when the studio reopens on
February 4.
'"People won't believe it until they
see it, but this year's Quad will be
different than previous books from
every standpoint," quoted Editor Ev
erett Moses.
The 1935 Quad will feature "candid
camera" shots worked out on black
spreads. Many campus figures have
been photographed unknowingly,
and their pictures have turned out
surprisingly well, according to
Moses.
The 40-page senior section includ
ing GOO members of the Class of '35,
already has been closed, thus en
abling the book to be completed one
or two months ahead of schedule.
Organization pledges, and students
who failed to keep their appoint
ments last quarter will be photo
graphed when the studio reopens on
February 4.
'"People won't believe it until they
see it, but this year's Quad will be
different than previous books from
every standpoint," quoted Editor Ev
erett Moses.
The 1935 Quad will feature "candid
camera" shots worked out on black
spreads. Many campus figures have
been photographed unknowingly,
and their pictures have turned out
surprisingly well, according to
Moses.
The 40-page senior section includ
ing GOO members of the Class of '35,
already has been closed, thus en
abling the book to be completed one
or two months ahead of schedule.
Organization pledges, and students
who failed to keep their appoint
ments last quarter will be photo
graphed when the studio reopens on
February 4.
'"People won't believe it until they
see it, but this year's Quad will be
different than previous books from
every standpoint," quoted Editor Ev
erett Moses.
The 1935 Quad will feature "candid
camera" shots worked out on black
spreads. Many campus figures have
been photographed unknowingly,
and their pictures have turned out
surprisingly well, according to
Moses.
The 40-page senior section includ
ing GOO members of the Class of '35,
already has been closed, thus en
abling the book to be completed one
or two months ahead of schedule.
Organization pledges, and students
who failed to keep their appoint
ments last quarter will be photo
graphed when the studio reopens on
February 4.
