# SMOOTH OFF BUMPS ON ANGELL FIELD
## 
### 

When Angell Field is remodeled, the depression which constitutes the
middle of the field will be eliminated, and the Rood old eucalyptus tree,
banc of many a trackman's life, will be removed.

When Angell Field is remodeled, the depression which constitutes the
middle of the field will be eliminated, and the Rood old eucalyptus tree,
banc of many a trackman's life, will be removed.

When Angell Field is remodeled, the depression which constitutes the
middle of the field will be eliminated, and the Rood old eucalyptus tree,
banc of many a trackman's life, will be removed.

When Angell Field is remodeled, the depression which constitutes the
middle of the field will be eliminated, and the Rood old eucalyptus tree,
banc of many a trackman's life, will be removed.

When Angell Field is remodeled, the depression which constitutes the
middle of the field will be eliminated, and the Rood old eucalyptus tree,
banc of many a trackman's life, will be removed.

When Angell Field is remodeled, the depression which constitutes the
middle of the field will be eliminated, and the Rood old eucalyptus tree,
banc of many a trackman's life, will be removed.

When Angell Field is remodeled, the depression which constitutes the
middle of the field will be eliminated, and the Rood old eucalyptus tree,
banc of many a trackman's life, will be removed.

When Angell Field is remodeled, the depression which constitutes the
middle of the field will be eliminated, and the Rood old eucalyptus tree,
banc of many a trackman's life, will be removed.

When Angell Field is remodeled, the depression which constitutes the
middle of the field will be eliminated, and the Rood old eucalyptus tree,
banc of many a trackman's life, will be removed.

When Angell Field is remodeled, the depression which constitutes the
middle of the field will be eliminated, and the Rood old eucalyptus tree,
banc of many a trackman's life, will be removed.

When Angell Field is remodeled, the depression which constitutes the
middle of the field will be eliminated, and the Rood old eucalyptus tree,
banc of many a trackman's life, will be removed.

When Angell Field is remodeled, the depression which constitutes the
middle of the field will be eliminated, and the Rood old eucalyptus tree,
banc of many a trackman's life, will be removed.

When Angell Field is remodeled, the depression which constitutes the
middle of the field will be eliminated, and the Rood old eucalyptus tree,
banc of many a trackman's life, will be removed.

When Angell Field is remodeled, the depression which constitutes the
middle of the field will be eliminated, and the Rood old eucalyptus tree,
banc of many a trackman's life, will be removed.

When Angell Field is remodeled, the depression which constitutes the
middle of the field will be eliminated, and the Rood old eucalyptus tree,
banc of many a trackman's life, will be removed.
