# ARCHBISHOP TO VISIT
## 
### 
I His Eminence, the Most Reverend
Anastasy, Archbishop of the Eastern
Orthodox Church outside of Russia,
will be a visitor to the Stanford
campus tomorrow.
I His Eminence, the Most Reverend
Anastasy, Archbishop of the Eastern
Orthodox Church outside of Russia,
will be a visitor to the Stanford
campus tomorrow.
I His Eminence, the Most Reverend
Anastasy, Archbishop of the Eastern
Orthodox Church outside of Russia,
will be a visitor to the Stanford
campus tomorrow.
I His Eminence, the Most Reverend
Anastasy, Archbishop of the Eastern
Orthodox Church outside of Russia,
will be a visitor to the Stanford
campus tomorrow.
I His Eminence, the Most Reverend
Anastasy, Archbishop of the Eastern
Orthodox Church outside of Russia,
will be a visitor to the Stanford
campus tomorrow.
I His Eminence, the Most Reverend
Anastasy, Archbishop of the Eastern
Orthodox Church outside of Russia,
will be a visitor to the Stanford
campus tomorrow.
I His Eminence, the Most Reverend
Anastasy, Archbishop of the Eastern
Orthodox Church outside of Russia,
will be a visitor to the Stanford
campus tomorrow.
I His Eminence, the Most Reverend
Anastasy, Archbishop of the Eastern
Orthodox Church outside of Russia,
will be a visitor to the Stanford
campus tomorrow.
I His Eminence, the Most Reverend
Anastasy, Archbishop of the Eastern
Orthodox Church outside of Russia,
will be a visitor to the Stanford
campus tomorrow.
I His Eminence, the Most Reverend
Anastasy, Archbishop of the Eastern
Orthodox Church outside of Russia,
will be a visitor to the Stanford
campus tomorrow.
I His Eminence, the Most Reverend
Anastasy, Archbishop of the Eastern
Orthodox Church outside of Russia,
will be a visitor to the Stanford
campus tomorrow.
I His Eminence, the Most Reverend
Anastasy, Archbishop of the Eastern
Orthodox Church outside of Russia,
will be a visitor to the Stanford
campus tomorrow.
I His Eminence, the Most Reverend
Anastasy, Archbishop of the Eastern
Orthodox Church outside of Russia,
will be a visitor to the Stanford
campus tomorrow.
