# PHI DELTA KAPPA
## 
### 
Charles A. "Chuck" Taylor, Stan
ford's "wonder coach," will preview
"One Platoon Prospects" today at
the luncheon meeting of Phi Delta
Kappa, men's honorary education
fraternity, in Encina Commons.
Luncheon tickets are being sol J.
for $1 at the Phi Delta Kappa cu
bicle in the Education Building.
Charles A. "Chuck" Taylor, Stan
ford's "wonder coach," will preview
"One Platoon Prospects" today at
the luncheon meeting of Phi Delta
Kappa, men's honorary education
fraternity, in Encina Commons.
Luncheon tickets are being sol J.
for $1 at the Phi Delta Kappa cu
bicle in the Education Building.
Charles A. "Chuck" Taylor, Stan
ford's "wonder coach," will preview
"One Platoon Prospects" today at
the luncheon meeting of Phi Delta
Kappa, men's honorary education
fraternity, in Encina Commons.
Luncheon tickets are being sol J.
for $1 at the Phi Delta Kappa cu
bicle in the Education Building.
Charles A. "Chuck" Taylor, Stan
ford's "wonder coach," will preview
"One Platoon Prospects" today at
the luncheon meeting of Phi Delta
Kappa, men's honorary education
fraternity, in Encina Commons.
Luncheon tickets are being sol J.
for $1 at the Phi Delta Kappa cu
bicle in the Education Building.
Charles A. "Chuck" Taylor, Stan
ford's "wonder coach," will preview
"One Platoon Prospects" today at
the luncheon meeting of Phi Delta
Kappa, men's honorary education
fraternity, in Encina Commons.
Luncheon tickets are being sol J.
for $1 at the Phi Delta Kappa cu
bicle in the Education Building.
Charles A. "Chuck" Taylor, Stan
ford's "wonder coach," will preview
"One Platoon Prospects" today at
the luncheon meeting of Phi Delta
Kappa, men's honorary education
fraternity, in Encina Commons.
Luncheon tickets are being sol J.
for $1 at the Phi Delta Kappa cu
bicle in the Education Building.
Charles A. "Chuck" Taylor, Stan
ford's "wonder coach," will preview
"One Platoon Prospects" today at
the luncheon meeting of Phi Delta
Kappa, men's honorary education
fraternity, in Encina Commons.
Luncheon tickets are being sol J.
for $1 at the Phi Delta Kappa cu
bicle in the Education Building.
Charles A. "Chuck" Taylor, Stan
ford's "wonder coach," will preview
"One Platoon Prospects" today at
the luncheon meeting of Phi Delta
Kappa, men's honorary education
fraternity, in Encina Commons.
Luncheon tickets are being sol J.
for $1 at the Phi Delta Kappa cu
bicle in the Education Building.
Charles A. "Chuck" Taylor, Stan
ford's "wonder coach," will preview
"One Platoon Prospects" today at
the luncheon meeting of Phi Delta
Kappa, men's honorary education
fraternity, in Encina Commons.
Luncheon tickets are being sol J.
for $1 at the Phi Delta Kappa cu
bicle in the Education Building.
Charles A. "Chuck" Taylor, Stan
ford's "wonder coach," will preview
"One Platoon Prospects" today at
the luncheon meeting of Phi Delta
Kappa, men's honorary education
fraternity, in Encina Commons.
Luncheon tickets are being sol J.
for $1 at the Phi Delta Kappa cu
bicle in the Education Building.
Charles A. "Chuck" Taylor, Stan
ford's "wonder coach," will preview
"One Platoon Prospects" today at
the luncheon meeting of Phi Delta
Kappa, men's honorary education
fraternity, in Encina Commons.
Luncheon tickets are being sol J.
for $1 at the Phi Delta Kappa cu
bicle in the Education Building.
Charles A. "Chuck" Taylor, Stan
ford's "wonder coach," will preview
"One Platoon Prospects" today at
the luncheon meeting of Phi Delta
Kappa, men's honorary education
fraternity, in Encina Commons.
Luncheon tickets are being sol J.
for $1 at the Phi Delta Kappa cu
bicle in the Education Building.
Charles A. "Chuck" Taylor, Stan
ford's "wonder coach," will preview
"One Platoon Prospects" today at
the luncheon meeting of Phi Delta
Kappa, men's honorary education
fraternity, in Encina Commons.
Luncheon tickets are being sol J.
for $1 at the Phi Delta Kappa cu
bicle in the Education Building.
