# Liâ€™l Abners, Daisies May Take Over Farm for Day
## 
### 
Cardinals, the honorary activity
group, will meet tonight at 7:30 in
the Excom room to discuss winter
quarter activities. Nancy Banning,
Cardinals chairman, .said that plans
for the Stanford traditions cam
paign, for a Sadie Hawkins Day
dance, and for the Red Cross drive
will be discussed.
Martha Schwimley will chairman
the traditions campaign for Cardi
nals, and Carl Brune will be in
charge of the Sadie Hawkins dance.
Cardinals, the honorary activity
group, will meet tonight at 7:30 in
the Excom room to discuss winter
quarter activities. Nancy Banning,
Cardinals chairman, .said that plans
for the Stanford traditions cam
paign, for a Sadie Hawkins Day
dance, and for the Red Cross drive
will be discussed.
Martha Schwimley will chairman
the traditions campaign for Cardi
nals, and Carl Brune will be in
charge of the Sadie Hawkins dance.
Cardinals, the honorary activity
group, will meet tonight at 7:30 in
the Excom room to discuss winter
quarter activities. Nancy Banning,
Cardinals chairman, .said that plans
for the Stanford traditions cam
paign, for a Sadie Hawkins Day
dance, and for the Red Cross drive
will be discussed.
Martha Schwimley will chairman
the traditions campaign for Cardi
nals, and Carl Brune will be in
charge of the Sadie Hawkins dance.
Cardinals, the honorary activity
group, will meet tonight at 7:30 in
the Excom room to discuss winter
quarter activities. Nancy Banning,
Cardinals chairman, .said that plans
for the Stanford traditions cam
paign, for a Sadie Hawkins Day
dance, and for the Red Cross drive
will be discussed.
Martha Schwimley will chairman
the traditions campaign for Cardi
nals, and Carl Brune will be in
charge of the Sadie Hawkins dance.
Cardinals, the honorary activity
group, will meet tonight at 7:30 in
the Excom room to discuss winter
quarter activities. Nancy Banning,
Cardinals chairman, .said that plans
for the Stanford traditions cam
paign, for a Sadie Hawkins Day
dance, and for the Red Cross drive
will be discussed.
Martha Schwimley will chairman
the traditions campaign for Cardi
nals, and Carl Brune will be in
charge of the Sadie Hawkins dance.
Cardinals, the honorary activity
group, will meet tonight at 7:30 in
the Excom room to discuss winter
quarter activities. Nancy Banning,
Cardinals chairman, .said that plans
for the Stanford traditions cam
paign, for a Sadie Hawkins Day
dance, and for the Red Cross drive
will be discussed.
Martha Schwimley will chairman
the traditions campaign for Cardi
nals, and Carl Brune will be in
charge of the Sadie Hawkins dance.
Cardinals, the honorary activity
group, will meet tonight at 7:30 in
the Excom room to discuss winter
quarter activities. Nancy Banning,
Cardinals chairman, .said that plans
for the Stanford traditions cam
paign, for a Sadie Hawkins Day
dance, and for the Red Cross drive
will be discussed.
Martha Schwimley will chairman
the traditions campaign for Cardi
nals, and Carl Brune will be in
charge of the Sadie Hawkins dance.
Cardinals, the honorary activity
group, will meet tonight at 7:30 in
the Excom room to discuss winter
quarter activities. Nancy Banning,
Cardinals chairman, .said that plans
for the Stanford traditions cam
paign, for a Sadie Hawkins Day
dance, and for the Red Cross drive
will be discussed.
Martha Schwimley will chairman
the traditions campaign for Cardi
nals, and Carl Brune will be in
charge of the Sadie Hawkins dance.
Cardinals, the honorary activity
group, will meet tonight at 7:30 in
the Excom room to discuss winter
quarter activities. Nancy Banning,
Cardinals chairman, .said that plans
for the Stanford traditions cam
paign, for a Sadie Hawkins Day
dance, and for the Red Cross drive
will be discussed.
Martha Schwimley will chairman
the traditions campaign for Cardi
nals, and Carl Brune will be in
charge of the Sadie Hawkins dance.
Cardinals, the honorary activity
group, will meet tonight at 7:30 in
the Excom room to discuss winter
quarter activities. Nancy Banning,
Cardinals chairman, .said that plans
for the Stanford traditions cam
paign, for a Sadie Hawkins Day
dance, and for the Red Cross drive
will be discussed.
Martha Schwimley will chairman
the traditions campaign for Cardi
nals, and Carl Brune will be in
charge of the Sadie Hawkins dance.
Cardinals, the honorary activity
group, will meet tonight at 7:30 in
the Excom room to discuss winter
quarter activities. Nancy Banning,
Cardinals chairman, .said that plans
for the Stanford traditions cam
paign, for a Sadie Hawkins Day
dance, and for the Red Cross drive
will be discussed.
Martha Schwimley will chairman
the traditions campaign for Cardi
nals, and Carl Brune will be in
charge of the Sadie Hawkins dance.
Cardinals, the honorary activity
group, will meet tonight at 7:30 in
the Excom room to discuss winter
quarter activities. Nancy Banning,
Cardinals chairman, .said that plans
for the Stanford traditions cam
paign, for a Sadie Hawkins Day
dance, and for the Red Cross drive
will be discussed.
Martha Schwimley will chairman
the traditions campaign for Cardi
nals, and Carl Brune will be in
charge of the Sadie Hawkins dance.
Cardinals, the honorary activity
group, will meet tonight at 7:30 in
the Excom room to discuss winter
quarter activities. Nancy Banning,
Cardinals chairman, .said that plans
for the Stanford traditions cam
paign, for a Sadie Hawkins Day
dance, and for the Red Cross drive
will be discussed.
Martha Schwimley will chairman
the traditions campaign for Cardi
nals, and Carl Brune will be in
charge of the Sadie Hawkins dance.
Cardinals, the honorary activity
group, will meet tonight at 7:30 in
the Excom room to discuss winter
quarter activities. Nancy Banning,
Cardinals chairman, .said that plans
for the Stanford traditions cam
paign, for a Sadie Hawkins Day
dance, and for the Red Cross drive
will be discussed.
Martha Schwimley will chairman
the traditions campaign for Cardi
nals, and Carl Brune will be in
charge of the Sadie Hawkins dance.
Cardinals, the honorary activity
group, will meet tonight at 7:30 in
the Excom room to discuss winter
quarter activities. Nancy Banning,
Cardinals chairman, .said that plans
for the Stanford traditions cam
paign, for a Sadie Hawkins Day
dance, and for the Red Cross drive
will be discussed.
Martha Schwimley will chairman
the traditions campaign for Cardi
nals, and Carl Brune will be in
charge of the Sadie Hawkins dance.
