# UNITED PRESS BULLETINS
## Senator Hits Party Politics 
### 
WASHINGTON. Jan. 13 (UP).—
Signs of sharp Republican party dis
sension cropped up in the Senate
today when Sen. Charles W. Tobey,
R., N.H., accused the GOP leader
ship of following a path toward
"machine politics" which would put
the chamber under domination "by
either a single person or a small
oligarchy."
Tobey said in a floor speech that
if his party leaders carried out
plans to continue the Special War
Investigating Committee for one
year and the Small Business Com
mittee for eight months, they would
find themselves promotin "confu
sion, waste and inefficiency" and
opening the way to "log-rolling and
back-scratching."
The sharp - tongued New Eng
lantler agreed with Democrats who
argued that, special committees were
meant to be outlawed under the
LaFollctte-Monroney Congressional
Reorganization Act which stream
lined operations and trimmed the
number of standing committees in
both the Senate and House.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 13 (UP).—
Signs of sharp Republican party dis
sension cropped up in the Senate
today when Sen. Charles W. Tobey,
R., N.H., accused the GOP leader
ship of following a path toward
"machine politics" which would put
the chamber under domination "by
either a single person or a small
oligarchy."
Tobey said in a floor speech that
if his party leaders carried out
plans to continue the Special War
Investigating Committee for one
year and the Small Business Com
mittee for eight months, they would
find themselves promotin "confu
sion, waste and inefficiency" and
opening the way to "log-rolling and
back-scratching."
The sharp - tongued New Eng
lantler agreed with Democrats who
argued that, special committees were
meant to be outlawed under the
LaFollctte-Monroney Congressional
Reorganization Act which stream
lined operations and trimmed the
number of standing committees in
both the Senate and House.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 13 (UP).—
Signs of sharp Republican party dis
sension cropped up in the Senate
today when Sen. Charles W. Tobey,
R., N.H., accused the GOP leader
ship of following a path toward
"machine politics" which would put
the chamber under domination "by
either a single person or a small
oligarchy."
Tobey said in a floor speech that
if his party leaders carried out
plans to continue the Special War
Investigating Committee for one
year and the Small Business Com
mittee for eight months, they would
find themselves promotin "confu
sion, waste and inefficiency" and
opening the way to "log-rolling and
back-scratching."
The sharp - tongued New Eng
lantler agreed with Democrats who
argued that, special committees were
meant to be outlawed under the
LaFollctte-Monroney Congressional
Reorganization Act which stream
lined operations and trimmed the
number of standing committees in
both the Senate and House.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 13 (UP).—
Signs of sharp Republican party dis
sension cropped up in the Senate
today when Sen. Charles W. Tobey,
R., N.H., accused the GOP leader
ship of following a path toward
"machine politics" which would put
the chamber under domination "by
either a single person or a small
oligarchy."
Tobey said in a floor speech that
if his party leaders carried out
plans to continue the Special War
Investigating Committee for one
year and the Small Business Com
mittee for eight months, they would
find themselves promotin "confu
sion, waste and inefficiency" and
opening the way to "log-rolling and
back-scratching."
The sharp - tongued New Eng
lantler agreed with Democrats who
argued that, special committees were
meant to be outlawed under the
LaFollctte-Monroney Congressional
Reorganization Act which stream
lined operations and trimmed the
number of standing committees in
both the Senate and House.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 13 (UP).—
Signs of sharp Republican party dis
sension cropped up in the Senate
today when Sen. Charles W. Tobey,
R., N.H., accused the GOP leader
ship of following a path toward
"machine politics" which would put
the chamber under domination "by
either a single person or a small
oligarchy."
Tobey said in a floor speech that
if his party leaders carried out
plans to continue the Special War
Investigating Committee for one
year and the Small Business Com
mittee for eight months, they would
find themselves promotin "confu
sion, waste and inefficiency" and
opening the way to "log-rolling and
back-scratching."
The sharp - tongued New Eng
lantler agreed with Democrats who
argued that, special committees were
meant to be outlawed under the
LaFollctte-Monroney Congressional
Reorganization Act which stream
lined operations and trimmed the
number of standing committees in
both the Senate and House.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 13 (UP).—
Signs of sharp Republican party dis
sension cropped up in the Senate
today when Sen. Charles W. Tobey,
R., N.H., accused the GOP leader
ship of following a path toward
"machine politics" which would put
the chamber under domination "by
either a single person or a small
oligarchy."
Tobey said in a floor speech that
if his party leaders carried out
plans to continue the Special War
Investigating Committee for one
year and the Small Business Com
mittee for eight months, they would
find themselves promotin "confu
sion, waste and inefficiency" and
opening the way to "log-rolling and
back-scratching."
The sharp - tongued New Eng
lantler agreed with Democrats who
argued that, special committees were
meant to be outlawed under the
LaFollctte-Monroney Congressional
Reorganization Act which stream
lined operations and trimmed the
number of standing committees in
both the Senate and House.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 13 (UP).—
Signs of sharp Republican party dis
sension cropped up in the Senate
today when Sen. Charles W. Tobey,
R., N.H., accused the GOP leader
ship of following a path toward
"machine politics" which would put
the chamber under domination "by
either a single person or a small
oligarchy."
Tobey said in a floor speech that
if his party leaders carried out
plans to continue the Special War
Investigating Committee for one
year and the Small Business Com
mittee for eight months, they would
find themselves promotin "confu
sion, waste and inefficiency" and
opening the way to "log-rolling and
back-scratching."
The sharp - tongued New Eng
lantler agreed with Democrats who
argued that, special committees were
meant to be outlawed under the
LaFollctte-Monroney Congressional
Reorganization Act which stream
lined operations and trimmed the
number of standing committees in
both the Senate and House.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 13 (UP).—
Signs of sharp Republican party dis
sension cropped up in the Senate
today when Sen. Charles W. Tobey,
R., N.H., accused the GOP leader
ship of following a path toward
"machine politics" which would put
the chamber under domination "by
either a single person or a small
oligarchy."
Tobey said in a floor speech that
if his party leaders carried out
plans to continue the Special War
Investigating Committee for one
year and the Small Business Com
mittee for eight months, they would
find themselves promotin "confu
sion, waste and inefficiency" and
opening the way to "log-rolling and
back-scratching."
The sharp - tongued New Eng
lantler agreed with Democrats who
argued that, special committees were
meant to be outlawed under the
LaFollctte-Monroney Congressional
Reorganization Act which stream
lined operations and trimmed the
number of standing committees in
both the Senate and House.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 13 (UP).—
Signs of sharp Republican party dis
sension cropped up in the Senate
today when Sen. Charles W. Tobey,
R., N.H., accused the GOP leader
ship of following a path toward
"machine politics" which would put
the chamber under domination "by
either a single person or a small
oligarchy."
Tobey said in a floor speech that
if his party leaders carried out
plans to continue the Special War
Investigating Committee for one
year and the Small Business Com
mittee for eight months, they would
find themselves promotin "confu
sion, waste and inefficiency" and
opening the way to "log-rolling and
back-scratching."
The sharp - tongued New Eng
lantler agreed with Democrats who
argued that, special committees were
meant to be outlawed under the
LaFollctte-Monroney Congressional
Reorganization Act which stream
lined operations and trimmed the
number of standing committees in
both the Senate and House.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 13 (UP).—
Signs of sharp Republican party dis
sension cropped up in the Senate
today when Sen. Charles W. Tobey,
R., N.H., accused the GOP leader
ship of following a path toward
"machine politics" which would put
the chamber under domination "by
either a single person or a small
oligarchy."
Tobey said in a floor speech that
if his party leaders carried out
plans to continue the Special War
Investigating Committee for one
year and the Small Business Com
mittee for eight months, they would
find themselves promotin "confu
sion, waste and inefficiency" and
opening the way to "log-rolling and
back-scratching."
The sharp - tongued New Eng
lantler agreed with Democrats who
argued that, special committees were
meant to be outlawed under the
LaFollctte-Monroney Congressional
Reorganization Act which stream
lined operations and trimmed the
number of standing committees in
both the Senate and House.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 13 (UP).—
Signs of sharp Republican party dis
sension cropped up in the Senate
today when Sen. Charles W. Tobey,
R., N.H., accused the GOP leader
ship of following a path toward
"machine politics" which would put
the chamber under domination "by
either a single person or a small
oligarchy."
Tobey said in a floor speech that
if his party leaders carried out
plans to continue the Special War
Investigating Committee for one
year and the Small Business Com
mittee for eight months, they would
find themselves promotin "confu
sion, waste and inefficiency" and
opening the way to "log-rolling and
back-scratching."
The sharp - tongued New Eng
lantler agreed with Democrats who
argued that, special committees were
meant to be outlawed under the
LaFollctte-Monroney Congressional
Reorganization Act which stream
lined operations and trimmed the
number of standing committees in
both the Senate and House.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 13 (UP).—
Signs of sharp Republican party dis
sension cropped up in the Senate
today when Sen. Charles W. Tobey,
R., N.H., accused the GOP leader
ship of following a path toward
"machine politics" which would put
the chamber under domination "by
either a single person or a small
oligarchy."
Tobey said in a floor speech that
if his party leaders carried out
plans to continue the Special War
Investigating Committee for one
year and the Small Business Com
mittee for eight months, they would
find themselves promotin "confu
sion, waste and inefficiency" and
opening the way to "log-rolling and
back-scratching."
The sharp - tongued New Eng
lantler agreed with Democrats who
argued that, special committees were
meant to be outlawed under the
LaFollctte-Monroney Congressional
Reorganization Act which stream
lined operations and trimmed the
number of standing committees in
both the Senate and House.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 13 (UP).—
Signs of sharp Republican party dis
sension cropped up in the Senate
today when Sen. Charles W. Tobey,
R., N.H., accused the GOP leader
ship of following a path toward
"machine politics" which would put
the chamber under domination "by
either a single person or a small
oligarchy."
Tobey said in a floor speech that
if his party leaders carried out
plans to continue the Special War
Investigating Committee for one
year and the Small Business Com
mittee for eight months, they would
find themselves promotin "confu
sion, waste and inefficiency" and
opening the way to "log-rolling and
back-scratching."
The sharp - tongued New Eng
lantler agreed with Democrats who
argued that, special committees were
meant to be outlawed under the
LaFollctte-Monroney Congressional
Reorganization Act which stream
lined operations and trimmed the
number of standing committees in
both the Senate and House.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 13 (UP).—
Signs of sharp Republican party dis
sension cropped up in the Senate
today when Sen. Charles W. Tobey,
R., N.H., accused the GOP leader
ship of following a path toward
"machine politics" which would put
the chamber under domination "by
either a single person or a small
oligarchy."
Tobey said in a floor speech that
if his party leaders carried out
plans to continue the Special War
Investigating Committee for one
year and the Small Business Com
mittee for eight months, they would
find themselves promotin "confu
sion, waste and inefficiency" and
opening the way to "log-rolling and
back-scratching."
The sharp - tongued New Eng
lantler agreed with Democrats who
argued that, special committees were
meant to be outlawed under the
LaFollctte-Monroney Congressional
Reorganization Act which stream
lined operations and trimmed the
number of standing committees in
both the Senate and House.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 13 (UP).—
Signs of sharp Republican party dis
sension cropped up in the Senate
today when Sen. Charles W. Tobey,
R., N.H., accused the GOP leader
ship of following a path toward
"machine politics" which would put
the chamber under domination "by
either a single person or a small
oligarchy."
Tobey said in a floor speech that
if his party leaders carried out
plans to continue the Special War
Investigating Committee for one
year and the Small Business Com
mittee for eight months, they would
find themselves promotin "confu
sion, waste and inefficiency" and
opening the way to "log-rolling and
back-scratching."
The sharp - tongued New Eng
lantler agreed with Democrats who
argued that, special committees were
meant to be outlawed under the
LaFollctte-Monroney Congressional
Reorganization Act which stream
lined operations and trimmed the
number of standing committees in
both the Senate and House.
