# Flores Signs For Montgomery Bout
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 3 (UP).—
Lightweight champion Bob Mont
gomery will meet Jes.se Flores, un
beaten Stockton boxer, here March
31 in a 10-round non-title bout,
promoter Benny Ford announced
tonight.
Flores, unlisted in the latest Na
tional Boxing Association rating
for Montgomery's crown, recently
fought a terrific 10-round draw with
Enrique Bolanos, the classy Los
Angeles Mexican.
Both lighters will engage in fights
before swapping leather here. Flo
res will risk his perfect record in
Hollywood on Jan. 24 against Rudy
Cruz. The Philadelphia Bobcat
comes to Los Angeles Feb. 25 to
fight Joey Barnum, rough Culver
City welterweight, over the 10-
round route.
Ford said Montgomery had been
guaranteed $10,000 for his appear
ance here plus transportation.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 3 (UP).—
Lightweight champion Bob Mont
gomery will meet Jes.se Flores, un
beaten Stockton boxer, here March
31 in a 10-round non-title bout,
promoter Benny Ford announced
tonight.
Flores, unlisted in the latest Na
tional Boxing Association rating
for Montgomery's crown, recently
fought a terrific 10-round draw with
Enrique Bolanos, the classy Los
Angeles Mexican.
Both lighters will engage in fights
before swapping leather here. Flo
res will risk his perfect record in
Hollywood on Jan. 24 against Rudy
Cruz. The Philadelphia Bobcat
comes to Los Angeles Feb. 25 to
fight Joey Barnum, rough Culver
City welterweight, over the 10-
round route.
Ford said Montgomery had been
guaranteed $10,000 for his appear
ance here plus transportation.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 3 (UP).—
Lightweight champion Bob Mont
gomery will meet Jes.se Flores, un
beaten Stockton boxer, here March
31 in a 10-round non-title bout,
promoter Benny Ford announced
tonight.
Flores, unlisted in the latest Na
tional Boxing Association rating
for Montgomery's crown, recently
fought a terrific 10-round draw with
Enrique Bolanos, the classy Los
Angeles Mexican.
Both lighters will engage in fights
before swapping leather here. Flo
res will risk his perfect record in
Hollywood on Jan. 24 against Rudy
Cruz. The Philadelphia Bobcat
comes to Los Angeles Feb. 25 to
fight Joey Barnum, rough Culver
City welterweight, over the 10-
round route.
Ford said Montgomery had been
guaranteed $10,000 for his appear
ance here plus transportation.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 3 (UP).—
Lightweight champion Bob Mont
gomery will meet Jes.se Flores, un
beaten Stockton boxer, here March
31 in a 10-round non-title bout,
promoter Benny Ford announced
tonight.
Flores, unlisted in the latest Na
tional Boxing Association rating
for Montgomery's crown, recently
fought a terrific 10-round draw with
Enrique Bolanos, the classy Los
Angeles Mexican.
Both lighters will engage in fights
before swapping leather here. Flo
res will risk his perfect record in
Hollywood on Jan. 24 against Rudy
Cruz. The Philadelphia Bobcat
comes to Los Angeles Feb. 25 to
fight Joey Barnum, rough Culver
City welterweight, over the 10-
round route.
Ford said Montgomery had been
guaranteed $10,000 for his appear
ance here plus transportation.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 3 (UP).—
Lightweight champion Bob Mont
gomery will meet Jes.se Flores, un
beaten Stockton boxer, here March
31 in a 10-round non-title bout,
promoter Benny Ford announced
tonight.
Flores, unlisted in the latest Na
tional Boxing Association rating
for Montgomery's crown, recently
fought a terrific 10-round draw with
Enrique Bolanos, the classy Los
Angeles Mexican.
Both lighters will engage in fights
before swapping leather here. Flo
res will risk his perfect record in
Hollywood on Jan. 24 against Rudy
Cruz. The Philadelphia Bobcat
comes to Los Angeles Feb. 25 to
fight Joey Barnum, rough Culver
City welterweight, over the 10-
round route.
Ford said Montgomery had been
guaranteed $10,000 for his appear
ance here plus transportation.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 3 (UP).—
Lightweight champion Bob Mont
gomery will meet Jes.se Flores, un
beaten Stockton boxer, here March
31 in a 10-round non-title bout,
promoter Benny Ford announced
tonight.
Flores, unlisted in the latest Na
tional Boxing Association rating
for Montgomery's crown, recently
fought a terrific 10-round draw with
Enrique Bolanos, the classy Los
Angeles Mexican.
Both lighters will engage in fights
before swapping leather here. Flo
res will risk his perfect record in
Hollywood on Jan. 24 against Rudy
Cruz. The Philadelphia Bobcat
comes to Los Angeles Feb. 25 to
fight Joey Barnum, rough Culver
City welterweight, over the 10-
round route.
Ford said Montgomery had been
guaranteed $10,000 for his appear
ance here plus transportation.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 3 (UP).—
Lightweight champion Bob Mont
gomery will meet Jes.se Flores, un
beaten Stockton boxer, here March
31 in a 10-round non-title bout,
promoter Benny Ford announced
tonight.
Flores, unlisted in the latest Na
tional Boxing Association rating
for Montgomery's crown, recently
fought a terrific 10-round draw with
Enrique Bolanos, the classy Los
Angeles Mexican.
Both lighters will engage in fights
before swapping leather here. Flo
res will risk his perfect record in
Hollywood on Jan. 24 against Rudy
Cruz. The Philadelphia Bobcat
comes to Los Angeles Feb. 25 to
fight Joey Barnum, rough Culver
City welterweight, over the 10-
round route.
Ford said Montgomery had been
guaranteed $10,000 for his appear
ance here plus transportation.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 3 (UP).—
Lightweight champion Bob Mont
gomery will meet Jes.se Flores, un
beaten Stockton boxer, here March
31 in a 10-round non-title bout,
promoter Benny Ford announced
tonight.
Flores, unlisted in the latest Na
tional Boxing Association rating
for Montgomery's crown, recently
fought a terrific 10-round draw with
Enrique Bolanos, the classy Los
Angeles Mexican.
Both lighters will engage in fights
before swapping leather here. Flo
res will risk his perfect record in
Hollywood on Jan. 24 against Rudy
Cruz. The Philadelphia Bobcat
comes to Los Angeles Feb. 25 to
fight Joey Barnum, rough Culver
City welterweight, over the 10-
round route.
Ford said Montgomery had been
guaranteed $10,000 for his appear
ance here plus transportation.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 3 (UP).—
Lightweight champion Bob Mont
gomery will meet Jes.se Flores, un
beaten Stockton boxer, here March
31 in a 10-round non-title bout,
promoter Benny Ford announced
tonight.
Flores, unlisted in the latest Na
tional Boxing Association rating
for Montgomery's crown, recently
fought a terrific 10-round draw with
Enrique Bolanos, the classy Los
Angeles Mexican.
Both lighters will engage in fights
before swapping leather here. Flo
res will risk his perfect record in
Hollywood on Jan. 24 against Rudy
Cruz. The Philadelphia Bobcat
comes to Los Angeles Feb. 25 to
fight Joey Barnum, rough Culver
City welterweight, over the 10-
round route.
Ford said Montgomery had been
guaranteed $10,000 for his appear
ance here plus transportation.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 3 (UP).—
Lightweight champion Bob Mont
gomery will meet Jes.se Flores, un
beaten Stockton boxer, here March
31 in a 10-round non-title bout,
promoter Benny Ford announced
tonight.
Flores, unlisted in the latest Na
tional Boxing Association rating
for Montgomery's crown, recently
fought a terrific 10-round draw with
Enrique Bolanos, the classy Los
Angeles Mexican.
Both lighters will engage in fights
before swapping leather here. Flo
res will risk his perfect record in
Hollywood on Jan. 24 against Rudy
Cruz. The Philadelphia Bobcat
comes to Los Angeles Feb. 25 to
fight Joey Barnum, rough Culver
City welterweight, over the 10-
round route.
Ford said Montgomery had been
guaranteed $10,000 for his appear
ance here plus transportation.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 3 (UP).—
Lightweight champion Bob Mont
gomery will meet Jes.se Flores, un
beaten Stockton boxer, here March
31 in a 10-round non-title bout,
promoter Benny Ford announced
tonight.
Flores, unlisted in the latest Na
tional Boxing Association rating
for Montgomery's crown, recently
fought a terrific 10-round draw with
Enrique Bolanos, the classy Los
Angeles Mexican.
Both lighters will engage in fights
before swapping leather here. Flo
res will risk his perfect record in
Hollywood on Jan. 24 against Rudy
Cruz. The Philadelphia Bobcat
comes to Los Angeles Feb. 25 to
fight Joey Barnum, rough Culver
City welterweight, over the 10-
round route.
Ford said Montgomery had been
guaranteed $10,000 for his appear
ance here plus transportation.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 3 (UP).—
Lightweight champion Bob Mont
gomery will meet Jes.se Flores, un
beaten Stockton boxer, here March
31 in a 10-round non-title bout,
promoter Benny Ford announced
tonight.
Flores, unlisted in the latest Na
tional Boxing Association rating
for Montgomery's crown, recently
fought a terrific 10-round draw with
Enrique Bolanos, the classy Los
Angeles Mexican.
Both lighters will engage in fights
before swapping leather here. Flo
res will risk his perfect record in
Hollywood on Jan. 24 against Rudy
Cruz. The Philadelphia Bobcat
comes to Los Angeles Feb. 25 to
fight Joey Barnum, rough Culver
City welterweight, over the 10-
round route.
Ford said Montgomery had been
guaranteed $10,000 for his appear
ance here plus transportation.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 3 (UP).—
Lightweight champion Bob Mont
gomery will meet Jes.se Flores, un
beaten Stockton boxer, here March
31 in a 10-round non-title bout,
promoter Benny Ford announced
tonight.
Flores, unlisted in the latest Na
tional Boxing Association rating
for Montgomery's crown, recently
fought a terrific 10-round draw with
Enrique Bolanos, the classy Los
Angeles Mexican.
Both lighters will engage in fights
before swapping leather here. Flo
res will risk his perfect record in
Hollywood on Jan. 24 against Rudy
Cruz. The Philadelphia Bobcat
comes to Los Angeles Feb. 25 to
fight Joey Barnum, rough Culver
City welterweight, over the 10-
round route.
Ford said Montgomery had been
guaranteed $10,000 for his appear
ance here plus transportation.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 3 (UP).—
Lightweight champion Bob Mont
gomery will meet Jes.se Flores, un
beaten Stockton boxer, here March
31 in a 10-round non-title bout,
promoter Benny Ford announced
tonight.
Flores, unlisted in the latest Na
tional Boxing Association rating
for Montgomery's crown, recently
fought a terrific 10-round draw with
Enrique Bolanos, the classy Los
Angeles Mexican.
Both lighters will engage in fights
before swapping leather here. Flo
res will risk his perfect record in
Hollywood on Jan. 24 against Rudy
Cruz. The Philadelphia Bobcat
comes to Los Angeles Feb. 25 to
fight Joey Barnum, rough Culver
City welterweight, over the 10-
round route.
Ford said Montgomery had been
guaranteed $10,000 for his appear
ance here plus transportation.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 3 (UP).—
Lightweight champion Bob Mont
gomery will meet Jes.se Flores, un
beaten Stockton boxer, here March
31 in a 10-round non-title bout,
promoter Benny Ford announced
tonight.
Flores, unlisted in the latest Na
tional Boxing Association rating
for Montgomery's crown, recently
fought a terrific 10-round draw with
Enrique Bolanos, the classy Los
Angeles Mexican.
Both lighters will engage in fights
before swapping leather here. Flo
res will risk his perfect record in
Hollywood on Jan. 24 against Rudy
Cruz. The Philadelphia Bobcat
comes to Los Angeles Feb. 25 to
fight Joey Barnum, rough Culver
City welterweight, over the 10-
round route.
Ford said Montgomery had been
guaranteed $10,000 for his appear
ance here plus transportation.
