# Student Guild Election.
## 
### 
At a meeting of the board of di
rectors of the Students' Guild lust
night, J. P. Mitchell, '02, was
elected president of the Guild to
succeed H. P. Kuhn, '04, resigned.
Miss Ruth Kimball, '04, was elected
vice-president to succeed Mitchell.
O. S. Lousley, '05, is secretary of
the board, and R. W. Barrett, '04,
treasurer. E. G. Pomeroy, '05, was
recently elected a director to fill
the vacancy made by the resigna
tion of Kuhn. The faculty repre
sentatives on the board, in addition
to President Mitchell, who is an in
structor in the Department of
Chemistry, are Dr. C. 11. Gilbert,
Dr. \V. F. Snow and Instructor E.
K. Putnam of the English depart
ment.
