# Veteran Trainer To Watch Card Boxers Prepare For Meet
## 
### 
George Dawson, who trained Bob Fitz
simmons for his famous fight with Jim
Jeffries in San Francisco in 1902 and
who was on the boxing staff of the Chi
cago Athletic Club for 25 years, was an
interested spectator at yesterday's work
out of the boxing squad. His son, John,
is a welterweight on the varsity squad.
When asked his opinion of intercol
legiate boxing, Dawson said, "It's won
derful. People have the wrong idea of
boxing. It develops both the mind and
the body. There is no place in the world
where you have to think faster than you
do in boxing."
Dawson may assist Coach Harry Ma
loney in training the varsity squad during
the several months he plans to remain
around the campus.
Fitzsimmons' trainer will no doubt be
much interested in the Novice Boxing
tournament which is scheduled to begin
on Monday, January 28, in Encina gym,
as his son has signed up in the welter
weight division.
Semi-finals and finals in the tourna
ment will be fought in the Pavilion Wed
nesday evening, January 30. The finals
were previously set for January 31, but
Coach Maloney moved up the date yes
terday afternoon. Bouts will consist of
three two-minute rounds each.
All men registered in the University
are eligible except members of the var
sity team and winners of past novice
tournaments. Everyone planning to enter
the tournament should sign up on the
sheet provided for the purpose on the
bulletin board in the boxing gallery of
the gym.
The following weight classifications
will be used in the novice meet: bantam
weight, limit 119 pounds; featherweight,
limit 129 pounds; lightweight, 139
pounds; welterweight, 149 pounds; mid
dleweight, 164 pounds; light-heavyweight,
175 pounds; and heavyweight, 175 pounds
or over.
George Dawson, who trained Bob Fitz
simmons for his famous fight with Jim
Jeffries in San Francisco in 1902 and
who was on the boxing staff of the Chi
cago Athletic Club for 25 years, was an
interested spectator at yesterday's work
out of the boxing squad. His son, John,
is a welterweight on the varsity squad.
When asked his opinion of intercol
legiate boxing, Dawson said, "It's won
derful. People have the wrong idea of
boxing. It develops both the mind and
the body. There is no place in the world
where you have to think faster than you
do in boxing."
Dawson may assist Coach Harry Ma
loney in training the varsity squad during
the several months he plans to remain
around the campus.
Fitzsimmons' trainer will no doubt be
much interested in the Novice Boxing
tournament which is scheduled to begin
on Monday, January 28, in Encina gym,
as his son has signed up in the welter
weight division.
Semi-finals and finals in the tourna
ment will be fought in the Pavilion Wed
nesday evening, January 30. The finals
were previously set for January 31, but
Coach Maloney moved up the date yes
terday afternoon. Bouts will consist of
three two-minute rounds each.
All men registered in the University
are eligible except members of the var
sity team and winners of past novice
tournaments. Everyone planning to enter
the tournament should sign up on the
sheet provided for the purpose on the
bulletin board in the boxing gallery of
the gym.
The following weight classifications
will be used in the novice meet: bantam
weight, limit 119 pounds; featherweight,
limit 129 pounds; lightweight, 139
pounds; welterweight, 149 pounds; mid
dleweight, 164 pounds; light-heavyweight,
175 pounds; and heavyweight, 175 pounds
or over.
George Dawson, who trained Bob Fitz
simmons for his famous fight with Jim
Jeffries in San Francisco in 1902 and
who was on the boxing staff of the Chi
cago Athletic Club for 25 years, was an
interested spectator at yesterday's work
out of the boxing squad. His son, John,
is a welterweight on the varsity squad.
When asked his opinion of intercol
legiate boxing, Dawson said, "It's won
derful. People have the wrong idea of
boxing. It develops both the mind and
the body. There is no place in the world
where you have to think faster than you
do in boxing."
Dawson may assist Coach Harry Ma
loney in training the varsity squad during
the several months he plans to remain
around the campus.
Fitzsimmons' trainer will no doubt be
much interested in the Novice Boxing
tournament which is scheduled to begin
on Monday, January 28, in Encina gym,
as his son has signed up in the welter
weight division.
Semi-finals and finals in the tourna
ment will be fought in the Pavilion Wed
nesday evening, January 30. The finals
were previously set for January 31, but
Coach Maloney moved up the date yes
terday afternoon. Bouts will consist of
three two-minute rounds each.
All men registered in the University
are eligible except members of the var
sity team and winners of past novice
tournaments. Everyone planning to enter
the tournament should sign up on the
sheet provided for the purpose on the
bulletin board in the boxing gallery of
the gym.
The following weight classifications
will be used in the novice meet: bantam
weight, limit 119 pounds; featherweight,
limit 129 pounds; lightweight, 139
pounds; welterweight, 149 pounds; mid
dleweight, 164 pounds; light-heavyweight,
175 pounds; and heavyweight, 175 pounds
or over.
George Dawson, who trained Bob Fitz
simmons for his famous fight with Jim
Jeffries in San Francisco in 1902 and
who was on the boxing staff of the Chi
cago Athletic Club for 25 years, was an
interested spectator at yesterday's work
out of the boxing squad. His son, John,
is a welterweight on the varsity squad.
When asked his opinion of intercol
legiate boxing, Dawson said, "It's won
derful. People have the wrong idea of
boxing. It develops both the mind and
the body. There is no place in the world
where you have to think faster than you
do in boxing."
Dawson may assist Coach Harry Ma
loney in training the varsity squad during
the several months he plans to remain
around the campus.
Fitzsimmons' trainer will no doubt be
much interested in the Novice Boxing
tournament which is scheduled to begin
on Monday, January 28, in Encina gym,
as his son has signed up in the welter
weight division.
Semi-finals and finals in the tourna
ment will be fought in the Pavilion Wed
nesday evening, January 30. The finals
were previously set for January 31, but
Coach Maloney moved up the date yes
terday afternoon. Bouts will consist of
three two-minute rounds each.
All men registered in the University
are eligible except members of the var
sity team and winners of past novice
tournaments. Everyone planning to enter
the tournament should sign up on the
sheet provided for the purpose on the
bulletin board in the boxing gallery of
the gym.
The following weight classifications
will be used in the novice meet: bantam
weight, limit 119 pounds; featherweight,
limit 129 pounds; lightweight, 139
pounds; welterweight, 149 pounds; mid
dleweight, 164 pounds; light-heavyweight,
175 pounds; and heavyweight, 175 pounds
or over.
George Dawson, who trained Bob Fitz
simmons for his famous fight with Jim
Jeffries in San Francisco in 1902 and
who was on the boxing staff of the Chi
cago Athletic Club for 25 years, was an
interested spectator at yesterday's work
out of the boxing squad. His son, John,
is a welterweight on the varsity squad.
When asked his opinion of intercol
legiate boxing, Dawson said, "It's won
derful. People have the wrong idea of
boxing. It develops both the mind and
the body. There is no place in the world
where you have to think faster than you
do in boxing."
Dawson may assist Coach Harry Ma
loney in training the varsity squad during
the several months he plans to remain
around the campus.
Fitzsimmons' trainer will no doubt be
much interested in the Novice Boxing
tournament which is scheduled to begin
on Monday, January 28, in Encina gym,
as his son has signed up in the welter
weight division.
Semi-finals and finals in the tourna
ment will be fought in the Pavilion Wed
nesday evening, January 30. The finals
were previously set for January 31, but
Coach Maloney moved up the date yes
terday afternoon. Bouts will consist of
three two-minute rounds each.
All men registered in the University
are eligible except members of the var
sity team and winners of past novice
tournaments. Everyone planning to enter
the tournament should sign up on the
sheet provided for the purpose on the
bulletin board in the boxing gallery of
the gym.
The following weight classifications
will be used in the novice meet: bantam
weight, limit 119 pounds; featherweight,
limit 129 pounds; lightweight, 139
pounds; welterweight, 149 pounds; mid
dleweight, 164 pounds; light-heavyweight,
175 pounds; and heavyweight, 175 pounds
or over.
George Dawson, who trained Bob Fitz
simmons for his famous fight with Jim
Jeffries in San Francisco in 1902 and
who was on the boxing staff of the Chi
cago Athletic Club for 25 years, was an
interested spectator at yesterday's work
out of the boxing squad. His son, John,
is a welterweight on the varsity squad.
When asked his opinion of intercol
legiate boxing, Dawson said, "It's won
derful. People have the wrong idea of
boxing. It develops both the mind and
the body. There is no place in the world
where you have to think faster than you
do in boxing."
Dawson may assist Coach Harry Ma
loney in training the varsity squad during
the several months he plans to remain
around the campus.
Fitzsimmons' trainer will no doubt be
much interested in the Novice Boxing
tournament which is scheduled to begin
on Monday, January 28, in Encina gym,
as his son has signed up in the welter
weight division.
Semi-finals and finals in the tourna
ment will be fought in the Pavilion Wed
nesday evening, January 30. The finals
were previously set for January 31, but
Coach Maloney moved up the date yes
terday afternoon. Bouts will consist of
three two-minute rounds each.
All men registered in the University
are eligible except members of the var
sity team and winners of past novice
tournaments. Everyone planning to enter
the tournament should sign up on the
sheet provided for the purpose on the
bulletin board in the boxing gallery of
the gym.
The following weight classifications
will be used in the novice meet: bantam
weight, limit 119 pounds; featherweight,
limit 129 pounds; lightweight, 139
pounds; welterweight, 149 pounds; mid
dleweight, 164 pounds; light-heavyweight,
175 pounds; and heavyweight, 175 pounds
or over.
George Dawson, who trained Bob Fitz
simmons for his famous fight with Jim
Jeffries in San Francisco in 1902 and
who was on the boxing staff of the Chi
cago Athletic Club for 25 years, was an
interested spectator at yesterday's work
out of the boxing squad. His son, John,
is a welterweight on the varsity squad.
When asked his opinion of intercol
legiate boxing, Dawson said, "It's won
derful. People have the wrong idea of
boxing. It develops both the mind and
the body. There is no place in the world
where you have to think faster than you
do in boxing."
Dawson may assist Coach Harry Ma
loney in training the varsity squad during
the several months he plans to remain
around the campus.
Fitzsimmons' trainer will no doubt be
much interested in the Novice Boxing
tournament which is scheduled to begin
on Monday, January 28, in Encina gym,
as his son has signed up in the welter
weight division.
Semi-finals and finals in the tourna
ment will be fought in the Pavilion Wed
nesday evening, January 30. The finals
were previously set for January 31, but
Coach Maloney moved up the date yes
terday afternoon. Bouts will consist of
three two-minute rounds each.
All men registered in the University
are eligible except members of the var
sity team and winners of past novice
tournaments. Everyone planning to enter
the tournament should sign up on the
sheet provided for the purpose on the
bulletin board in the boxing gallery of
the gym.
The following weight classifications
will be used in the novice meet: bantam
weight, limit 119 pounds; featherweight,
limit 129 pounds; lightweight, 139
pounds; welterweight, 149 pounds; mid
dleweight, 164 pounds; light-heavyweight,
175 pounds; and heavyweight, 175 pounds
or over.
George Dawson, who trained Bob Fitz
simmons for his famous fight with Jim
Jeffries in San Francisco in 1902 and
who was on the boxing staff of the Chi
cago Athletic Club for 25 years, was an
interested spectator at yesterday's work
out of the boxing squad. His son, John,
is a welterweight on the varsity squad.
When asked his opinion of intercol
legiate boxing, Dawson said, "It's won
derful. People have the wrong idea of
boxing. It develops both the mind and
the body. There is no place in the world
where you have to think faster than you
do in boxing."
Dawson may assist Coach Harry Ma
loney in training the varsity squad during
the several months he plans to remain
around the campus.
Fitzsimmons' trainer will no doubt be
much interested in the Novice Boxing
tournament which is scheduled to begin
on Monday, January 28, in Encina gym,
as his son has signed up in the welter
weight division.
Semi-finals and finals in the tourna
ment will be fought in the Pavilion Wed
nesday evening, January 30. The finals
were previously set for January 31, but
Coach Maloney moved up the date yes
terday afternoon. Bouts will consist of
three two-minute rounds each.
All men registered in the University
are eligible except members of the var
sity team and winners of past novice
tournaments. Everyone planning to enter
the tournament should sign up on the
sheet provided for the purpose on the
bulletin board in the boxing gallery of
the gym.
The following weight classifications
will be used in the novice meet: bantam
weight, limit 119 pounds; featherweight,
limit 129 pounds; lightweight, 139
pounds; welterweight, 149 pounds; mid
dleweight, 164 pounds; light-heavyweight,
175 pounds; and heavyweight, 175 pounds
or over.
George Dawson, who trained Bob Fitz
simmons for his famous fight with Jim
Jeffries in San Francisco in 1902 and
who was on the boxing staff of the Chi
cago Athletic Club for 25 years, was an
interested spectator at yesterday's work
out of the boxing squad. His son, John,
is a welterweight on the varsity squad.
When asked his opinion of intercol
legiate boxing, Dawson said, "It's won
derful. People have the wrong idea of
boxing. It develops both the mind and
the body. There is no place in the world
where you have to think faster than you
do in boxing."
Dawson may assist Coach Harry Ma
loney in training the varsity squad during
the several months he plans to remain
around the campus.
Fitzsimmons' trainer will no doubt be
much interested in the Novice Boxing
tournament which is scheduled to begin
on Monday, January 28, in Encina gym,
as his son has signed up in the welter
weight division.
Semi-finals and finals in the tourna
ment will be fought in the Pavilion Wed
nesday evening, January 30. The finals
were previously set for January 31, but
Coach Maloney moved up the date yes
terday afternoon. Bouts will consist of
three two-minute rounds each.
All men registered in the University
are eligible except members of the var
sity team and winners of past novice
tournaments. Everyone planning to enter
the tournament should sign up on the
sheet provided for the purpose on the
bulletin board in the boxing gallery of
the gym.
The following weight classifications
will be used in the novice meet: bantam
weight, limit 119 pounds; featherweight,
limit 129 pounds; lightweight, 139
pounds; welterweight, 149 pounds; mid
dleweight, 164 pounds; light-heavyweight,
175 pounds; and heavyweight, 175 pounds
or over.
George Dawson, who trained Bob Fitz
simmons for his famous fight with Jim
Jeffries in San Francisco in 1902 and
who was on the boxing staff of the Chi
cago Athletic Club for 25 years, was an
interested spectator at yesterday's work
out of the boxing squad. His son, John,
is a welterweight on the varsity squad.
When asked his opinion of intercol
legiate boxing, Dawson said, "It's won
derful. People have the wrong idea of
boxing. It develops both the mind and
the body. There is no place in the world
where you have to think faster than you
do in boxing."
Dawson may assist Coach Harry Ma
loney in training the varsity squad during
the several months he plans to remain
around the campus.
Fitzsimmons' trainer will no doubt be
much interested in the Novice Boxing
tournament which is scheduled to begin
on Monday, January 28, in Encina gym,
as his son has signed up in the welter
weight division.
Semi-finals and finals in the tourna
ment will be fought in the Pavilion Wed
nesday evening, January 30. The finals
were previously set for January 31, but
Coach Maloney moved up the date yes
terday afternoon. Bouts will consist of
three two-minute rounds each.
All men registered in the University
are eligible except members of the var
sity team and winners of past novice
tournaments. Everyone planning to enter
the tournament should sign up on the
sheet provided for the purpose on the
bulletin board in the boxing gallery of
the gym.
The following weight classifications
will be used in the novice meet: bantam
weight, limit 119 pounds; featherweight,
limit 129 pounds; lightweight, 139
pounds; welterweight, 149 pounds; mid
dleweight, 164 pounds; light-heavyweight,
175 pounds; and heavyweight, 175 pounds
or over.
George Dawson, who trained Bob Fitz
simmons for his famous fight with Jim
Jeffries in San Francisco in 1902 and
who was on the boxing staff of the Chi
cago Athletic Club for 25 years, was an
interested spectator at yesterday's work
out of the boxing squad. His son, John,
is a welterweight on the varsity squad.
When asked his opinion of intercol
legiate boxing, Dawson said, "It's won
derful. People have the wrong idea of
boxing. It develops both the mind and
the body. There is no place in the world
where you have to think faster than you
do in boxing."
Dawson may assist Coach Harry Ma
loney in training the varsity squad during
the several months he plans to remain
around the campus.
Fitzsimmons' trainer will no doubt be
much interested in the Novice Boxing
tournament which is scheduled to begin
on Monday, January 28, in Encina gym,
as his son has signed up in the welter
weight division.
Semi-finals and finals in the tourna
ment will be fought in the Pavilion Wed
nesday evening, January 30. The finals
were previously set for January 31, but
Coach Maloney moved up the date yes
terday afternoon. Bouts will consist of
three two-minute rounds each.
All men registered in the University
are eligible except members of the var
sity team and winners of past novice
tournaments. Everyone planning to enter
the tournament should sign up on the
sheet provided for the purpose on the
bulletin board in the boxing gallery of
the gym.
The following weight classifications
will be used in the novice meet: bantam
weight, limit 119 pounds; featherweight,
limit 129 pounds; lightweight, 139
pounds; welterweight, 149 pounds; mid
dleweight, 164 pounds; light-heavyweight,
175 pounds; and heavyweight, 175 pounds
or over.
George Dawson, who trained Bob Fitz
simmons for his famous fight with Jim
Jeffries in San Francisco in 1902 and
who was on the boxing staff of the Chi
cago Athletic Club for 25 years, was an
interested spectator at yesterday's work
out of the boxing squad. His son, John,
is a welterweight on the varsity squad.
When asked his opinion of intercol
legiate boxing, Dawson said, "It's won
derful. People have the wrong idea of
boxing. It develops both the mind and
the body. There is no place in the world
where you have to think faster than you
do in boxing."
Dawson may assist Coach Harry Ma
loney in training the varsity squad during
the several months he plans to remain
around the campus.
Fitzsimmons' trainer will no doubt be
much interested in the Novice Boxing
tournament which is scheduled to begin
on Monday, January 28, in Encina gym,
as his son has signed up in the welter
weight division.
Semi-finals and finals in the tourna
ment will be fought in the Pavilion Wed
nesday evening, January 30. The finals
were previously set for January 31, but
Coach Maloney moved up the date yes
terday afternoon. Bouts will consist of
three two-minute rounds each.
All men registered in the University
are eligible except members of the var
sity team and winners of past novice
tournaments. Everyone planning to enter
the tournament should sign up on the
sheet provided for the purpose on the
bulletin board in the boxing gallery of
the gym.
The following weight classifications
will be used in the novice meet: bantam
weight, limit 119 pounds; featherweight,
limit 129 pounds; lightweight, 139
pounds; welterweight, 149 pounds; mid
dleweight, 164 pounds; light-heavyweight,
175 pounds; and heavyweight, 175 pounds
or over.
George Dawson, who trained Bob Fitz
simmons for his famous fight with Jim
Jeffries in San Francisco in 1902 and
who was on the boxing staff of the Chi
cago Athletic Club for 25 years, was an
interested spectator at yesterday's work
out of the boxing squad. His son, John,
is a welterweight on the varsity squad.
When asked his opinion of intercol
legiate boxing, Dawson said, "It's won
derful. People have the wrong idea of
boxing. It develops both the mind and
the body. There is no place in the world
where you have to think faster than you
do in boxing."
Dawson may assist Coach Harry Ma
loney in training the varsity squad during
the several months he plans to remain
around the campus.
Fitzsimmons' trainer will no doubt be
much interested in the Novice Boxing
tournament which is scheduled to begin
on Monday, January 28, in Encina gym,
as his son has signed up in the welter
weight division.
Semi-finals and finals in the tourna
ment will be fought in the Pavilion Wed
nesday evening, January 30. The finals
were previously set for January 31, but
Coach Maloney moved up the date yes
terday afternoon. Bouts will consist of
three two-minute rounds each.
All men registered in the University
are eligible except members of the var
sity team and winners of past novice
tournaments. Everyone planning to enter
the tournament should sign up on the
sheet provided for the purpose on the
bulletin board in the boxing gallery of
the gym.
The following weight classifications
will be used in the novice meet: bantam
weight, limit 119 pounds; featherweight,
limit 129 pounds; lightweight, 139
pounds; welterweight, 149 pounds; mid
dleweight, 164 pounds; light-heavyweight,
175 pounds; and heavyweight, 175 pounds
or over.
George Dawson, who trained Bob Fitz
simmons for his famous fight with Jim
Jeffries in San Francisco in 1902 and
who was on the boxing staff of the Chi
cago Athletic Club for 25 years, was an
interested spectator at yesterday's work
out of the boxing squad. His son, John,
is a welterweight on the varsity squad.
When asked his opinion of intercol
legiate boxing, Dawson said, "It's won
derful. People have the wrong idea of
boxing. It develops both the mind and
the body. There is no place in the world
where you have to think faster than you
do in boxing."
Dawson may assist Coach Harry Ma
loney in training the varsity squad during
the several months he plans to remain
around the campus.
Fitzsimmons' trainer will no doubt be
much interested in the Novice Boxing
tournament which is scheduled to begin
on Monday, January 28, in Encina gym,
as his son has signed up in the welter
weight division.
Semi-finals and finals in the tourna
ment will be fought in the Pavilion Wed
nesday evening, January 30. The finals
were previously set for January 31, but
Coach Maloney moved up the date yes
terday afternoon. Bouts will consist of
three two-minute rounds each.
All men registered in the University
are eligible except members of the var
sity team and winners of past novice
tournaments. Everyone planning to enter
the tournament should sign up on the
sheet provided for the purpose on the
bulletin board in the boxing gallery of
the gym.
The following weight classifications
will be used in the novice meet: bantam
weight, limit 119 pounds; featherweight,
limit 129 pounds; lightweight, 139
pounds; welterweight, 149 pounds; mid
dleweight, 164 pounds; light-heavyweight,
175 pounds; and heavyweight, 175 pounds
or over.
George Dawson, who trained Bob Fitz
simmons for his famous fight with Jim
Jeffries in San Francisco in 1902 and
who was on the boxing staff of the Chi
cago Athletic Club for 25 years, was an
interested spectator at yesterday's work
out of the boxing squad. His son, John,
is a welterweight on the varsity squad.
When asked his opinion of intercol
legiate boxing, Dawson said, "It's won
derful. People have the wrong idea of
boxing. It develops both the mind and
the body. There is no place in the world
where you have to think faster than you
do in boxing."
Dawson may assist Coach Harry Ma
loney in training the varsity squad during
the several months he plans to remain
around the campus.
Fitzsimmons' trainer will no doubt be
much interested in the Novice Boxing
tournament which is scheduled to begin
on Monday, January 28, in Encina gym,
as his son has signed up in the welter
weight division.
Semi-finals and finals in the tourna
ment will be fought in the Pavilion Wed
nesday evening, January 30. The finals
were previously set for January 31, but
Coach Maloney moved up the date yes
terday afternoon. Bouts will consist of
three two-minute rounds each.
All men registered in the University
are eligible except members of the var
sity team and winners of past novice
tournaments. Everyone planning to enter
the tournament should sign up on the
sheet provided for the purpose on the
bulletin board in the boxing gallery of
the gym.
The following weight classifications
will be used in the novice meet: bantam
weight, limit 119 pounds; featherweight,
limit 129 pounds; lightweight, 139
pounds; welterweight, 149 pounds; mid
dleweight, 164 pounds; light-heavyweight,
175 pounds; and heavyweight, 175 pounds
or over.
George Dawson, who trained Bob Fitz
simmons for his famous fight with Jim
Jeffries in San Francisco in 1902 and
who was on the boxing staff of the Chi
cago Athletic Club for 25 years, was an
interested spectator at yesterday's work
out of the boxing squad. His son, John,
is a welterweight on the varsity squad.
When asked his opinion of intercol
legiate boxing, Dawson said, "It's won
derful. People have the wrong idea of
boxing. It develops both the mind and
the body. There is no place in the world
where you have to think faster than you
do in boxing."
Dawson may assist Coach Harry Ma
loney in training the varsity squad during
the several months he plans to remain
around the campus.
Fitzsimmons' trainer will no doubt be
much interested in the Novice Boxing
tournament which is scheduled to begin
on Monday, January 28, in Encina gym,
as his son has signed up in the welter
weight division.
Semi-finals and finals in the tourna
ment will be fought in the Pavilion Wed
nesday evening, January 30. The finals
were previously set for January 31, but
Coach Maloney moved up the date yes
terday afternoon. Bouts will consist of
three two-minute rounds each.
All men registered in the University
are eligible except members of the var
sity team and winners of past novice
tournaments. Everyone planning to enter
the tournament should sign up on the
sheet provided for the purpose on the
bulletin board in the boxing gallery of
the gym.
The following weight classifications
will be used in the novice meet: bantam
weight, limit 119 pounds; featherweight,
limit 129 pounds; lightweight, 139
pounds; welterweight, 149 pounds; mid
dleweight, 164 pounds; light-heavyweight,
175 pounds; and heavyweight, 175 pounds
or over.
George Dawson, who trained Bob Fitz
simmons for his famous fight with Jim
Jeffries in San Francisco in 1902 and
who was on the boxing staff of the Chi
cago Athletic Club for 25 years, was an
interested spectator at yesterday's work
out of the boxing squad. His son, John,
is a welterweight on the varsity squad.
When asked his opinion of intercol
legiate boxing, Dawson said, "It's won
derful. People have the wrong idea of
boxing. It develops both the mind and
the body. There is no place in the world
where you have to think faster than you
do in boxing."
Dawson may assist Coach Harry Ma
loney in training the varsity squad during
the several months he plans to remain
around the campus.
Fitzsimmons' trainer will no doubt be
much interested in the Novice Boxing
tournament which is scheduled to begin
on Monday, January 28, in Encina gym,
as his son has signed up in the welter
weight division.
Semi-finals and finals in the tourna
ment will be fought in the Pavilion Wed
nesday evening, January 30. The finals
were previously set for January 31, but
Coach Maloney moved up the date yes
terday afternoon. Bouts will consist of
three two-minute rounds each.
All men registered in the University
are eligible except members of the var
sity team and winners of past novice
tournaments. Everyone planning to enter
the tournament should sign up on the
sheet provided for the purpose on the
bulletin board in the boxing gallery of
the gym.
The following weight classifications
will be used in the novice meet: bantam
weight, limit 119 pounds; featherweight,
limit 129 pounds; lightweight, 139
pounds; welterweight, 149 pounds; mid
dleweight, 164 pounds; light-heavyweight,
175 pounds; and heavyweight, 175 pounds
or over.
