# Adv. 4 Page 2
## 
### 
Berkeley, Calil'., was named in
18(>G for Bishop George Berkeley,
philosopher, who wrote the line,
"Westward the course of empire
takes its way.!'
Berkeley, Calil'., was named in
18(>G for Bishop George Berkeley,
philosopher, who wrote the line,
"Westward the course of empire
takes its way.!'
Berkeley, Calil'., was named in
18(>G for Bishop George Berkeley,
philosopher, who wrote the line,
"Westward the course of empire
takes its way.!'
Berkeley, Calil'., was named in
18(>G for Bishop George Berkeley,
philosopher, who wrote the line,
"Westward the course of empire
takes its way.!'
Berkeley, Calil'., was named in
18(>G for Bishop George Berkeley,
philosopher, who wrote the line,
"Westward the course of empire
takes its way.!'
Berkeley, Calil'., was named in
18(>G for Bishop George Berkeley,
philosopher, who wrote the line,
"Westward the course of empire
takes its way.!'
Berkeley, Calil'., was named in
18(>G for Bishop George Berkeley,
philosopher, who wrote the line,
"Westward the course of empire
takes its way.!'
Berkeley, Calil'., was named in
18(>G for Bishop George Berkeley,
philosopher, who wrote the line,
"Westward the course of empire
takes its way.!'
Berkeley, Calil'., was named in
18(>G for Bishop George Berkeley,
philosopher, who wrote the line,
"Westward the course of empire
takes its way.!'
Berkeley, Calil'., was named in
18(>G for Bishop George Berkeley,
philosopher, who wrote the line,
"Westward the course of empire
takes its way.!'
Berkeley, Calil'., was named in
18(>G for Bishop George Berkeley,
philosopher, who wrote the line,
"Westward the course of empire
takes its way.!'
Berkeley, Calil'., was named in
18(>G for Bishop George Berkeley,
philosopher, who wrote the line,
"Westward the course of empire
takes its way.!'
Berkeley, Calil'., was named in
18(>G for Bishop George Berkeley,
philosopher, who wrote the line,
"Westward the course of empire
takes its way.!'
Berkeley, Calil'., was named in
18(>G for Bishop George Berkeley,
philosopher, who wrote the line,
"Westward the course of empire
takes its way.!'
Berkeley, Calil'., was named in
18(>G for Bishop George Berkeley,
philosopher, who wrote the line,
"Westward the course of empire
takes its way.!'
Berkeley, Calil'., was named in
18(>G for Bishop George Berkeley,
philosopher, who wrote the line,
"Westward the course of empire
takes its way.!'
