# Braves Rally For 9-3 Win
## 
### 
Overcoming a throe run deficit,
ihe Stanford JV baseball team
slugged ton hits and capitalized
on throe opponent errors to drop
Cabrillo JO, 5K3, in a game at Stan
lord Monday.
Cabrillo hil the scoreboard first
with throe counters in the third
frame, hut the locals rebounded
for throe in the fourth, four more
markers in the sixth, and a final
two runs in the following inning.
John Orchard hit a two run
homer to climax the Card's initial
rally in the fourth. Ed Haley and
Simpson were the big guns in the
sixth inning rally.
Calirillo .!(' 00.'* 000 000—3 X 3
Stanford 000 304 20x—'!> 10 I
Mcl'lierson, Sandman ((5) and
Johnson. Simpson and Orchard,
llaley ((»).
