# Know Your Indians
## 
### 
Stabler (No. 11, 157 lbs.,
H-GV-j sophomore from Pacific
Palisades) has boon probably
the most surprising player of
Ihc 19fjH Stanford basketball
team. Me wasn't among ihe top
14 at season's start, but broke
into the starting line-up against
Cal. Biggest problem is get
ting off shots, due to his stat
ure. Has quick reactions and
amazing co-ordination. Major:
general studies.

Crawford (No. 15, 175 lbs.,
5-11 junior from Pomona) is
showing good improvement this
year; is still spending most of
his time with the Braves, but
has broken into varsity action.
His strong point is defense,
where he is very solid, and he
is an average scoring threat.
May see more action near the
end of the season. Watch for
him next year. Major: philoso
phy.

(This concludes the ''Know Your Indians" series for basketball.)


lOIIN KTAIIMUt
(Jilard


TOM CItAWPOKII
(»iiur<l
Stabler (No. 11, 157 lbs.,
H-GV-j sophomore from Pacific
Palisades) has boon probably
the most surprising player of
Ihc 19fjH Stanford basketball
team. Me wasn't among ihe top
14 at season's start, but broke
into the starting line-up against
Cal. Biggest problem is get
ting off shots, due to his stat
ure. Has quick reactions and
amazing co-ordination. Major:
general studies.

Crawford (No. 15, 175 lbs.,
5-11 junior from Pomona) is
showing good improvement this
year; is still spending most of
his time with the Braves, but
has broken into varsity action.
His strong point is defense,
where he is very solid, and he
is an average scoring threat.
May see more action near the
end of the season. Watch for
him next year. Major: philoso
phy.

(This concludes the ''Know Your Indians" series for basketball.)


lOIIN KTAIIMUt
(Jilard


TOM CItAWPOKII
(»iiur<l
Stabler (No. 11, 157 lbs.,
H-GV-j sophomore from Pacific
Palisades) has boon probably
the most surprising player of
Ihc 19fjH Stanford basketball
team. Me wasn't among ihe top
14 at season's start, but broke
into the starting line-up against
Cal. Biggest problem is get
ting off shots, due to his stat
ure. Has quick reactions and
amazing co-ordination. Major:
general studies.

Crawford (No. 15, 175 lbs.,
5-11 junior from Pomona) is
showing good improvement this
year; is still spending most of
his time with the Braves, but
has broken into varsity action.
His strong point is defense,
where he is very solid, and he
is an average scoring threat.
May see more action near the
end of the season. Watch for
him next year. Major: philoso
phy.

(This concludes the ''Know Your Indians" series for basketball.)


lOIIN KTAIIMUt
(Jilard


TOM CItAWPOKII
(»iiur<l
Stabler (No. 11, 157 lbs.,
H-GV-j sophomore from Pacific
Palisades) has boon probably
the most surprising player of
Ihc 19fjH Stanford basketball
team. Me wasn't among ihe top
14 at season's start, but broke
into the starting line-up against
Cal. Biggest problem is get
ting off shots, due to his stat
ure. Has quick reactions and
amazing co-ordination. Major:
general studies.

Crawford (No. 15, 175 lbs.,
5-11 junior from Pomona) is
showing good improvement this
year; is still spending most of
his time with the Braves, but
has broken into varsity action.
His strong point is defense,
where he is very solid, and he
is an average scoring threat.
May see more action near the
end of the season. Watch for
him next year. Major: philoso
phy.

(This concludes the ''Know Your Indians" series for basketball.)


lOIIN KTAIIMUt
(Jilard


TOM CItAWPOKII
(»iiur<l
Stabler (No. 11, 157 lbs.,
H-GV-j sophomore from Pacific
Palisades) has boon probably
the most surprising player of
Ihc 19fjH Stanford basketball
team. Me wasn't among ihe top
14 at season's start, but broke
into the starting line-up against
Cal. Biggest problem is get
ting off shots, due to his stat
ure. Has quick reactions and
amazing co-ordination. Major:
general studies.

Crawford (No. 15, 175 lbs.,
5-11 junior from Pomona) is
showing good improvement this
year; is still spending most of
his time with the Braves, but
has broken into varsity action.
His strong point is defense,
where he is very solid, and he
is an average scoring threat.
May see more action near the
end of the season. Watch for
him next year. Major: philoso
phy.

(This concludes the ''Know Your Indians" series for basketball.)


lOIIN KTAIIMUt
(Jilard


TOM CItAWPOKII
(»iiur<l
Stabler (No. 11, 157 lbs.,
H-GV-j sophomore from Pacific
Palisades) has boon probably
the most surprising player of
Ihc 19fjH Stanford basketball
team. Me wasn't among ihe top
14 at season's start, but broke
into the starting line-up against
Cal. Biggest problem is get
ting off shots, due to his stat
ure. Has quick reactions and
amazing co-ordination. Major:
general studies.

Crawford (No. 15, 175 lbs.,
5-11 junior from Pomona) is
showing good improvement this
year; is still spending most of
his time with the Braves, but
has broken into varsity action.
His strong point is defense,
where he is very solid, and he
is an average scoring threat.
May see more action near the
end of the season. Watch for
him next year. Major: philoso
phy.

(This concludes the ''Know Your Indians" series for basketball.)


lOIIN KTAIIMUt
(Jilard


TOM CItAWPOKII
(»iiur<l
Stabler (No. 11, 157 lbs.,
H-GV-j sophomore from Pacific
Palisades) has boon probably
the most surprising player of
Ihc 19fjH Stanford basketball
team. Me wasn't among ihe top
14 at season's start, but broke
into the starting line-up against
Cal. Biggest problem is get
ting off shots, due to his stat
ure. Has quick reactions and
amazing co-ordination. Major:
general studies.

Crawford (No. 15, 175 lbs.,
5-11 junior from Pomona) is
showing good improvement this
year; is still spending most of
his time with the Braves, but
has broken into varsity action.
His strong point is defense,
where he is very solid, and he
is an average scoring threat.
May see more action near the
end of the season. Watch for
him next year. Major: philoso
phy.

(This concludes the ''Know Your Indians" series for basketball.)


lOIIN KTAIIMUt
(Jilard


TOM CItAWPOKII
(»iiur<l
Stabler (No. 11, 157 lbs.,
H-GV-j sophomore from Pacific
Palisades) has boon probably
the most surprising player of
Ihc 19fjH Stanford basketball
team. Me wasn't among ihe top
14 at season's start, but broke
into the starting line-up against
Cal. Biggest problem is get
ting off shots, due to his stat
ure. Has quick reactions and
amazing co-ordination. Major:
general studies.

Crawford (No. 15, 175 lbs.,
5-11 junior from Pomona) is
showing good improvement this
year; is still spending most of
his time with the Braves, but
has broken into varsity action.
His strong point is defense,
where he is very solid, and he
is an average scoring threat.
May see more action near the
end of the season. Watch for
him next year. Major: philoso
phy.

(This concludes the ''Know Your Indians" series for basketball.)


lOIIN KTAIIMUt
(Jilard


TOM CItAWPOKII
(»iiur<l
Stabler (No. 11, 157 lbs.,
H-GV-j sophomore from Pacific
Palisades) has boon probably
the most surprising player of
Ihc 19fjH Stanford basketball
team. Me wasn't among ihe top
14 at season's start, but broke
into the starting line-up against
Cal. Biggest problem is get
ting off shots, due to his stat
ure. Has quick reactions and
amazing co-ordination. Major:
general studies.

Crawford (No. 15, 175 lbs.,
5-11 junior from Pomona) is
showing good improvement this
year; is still spending most of
his time with the Braves, but
has broken into varsity action.
His strong point is defense,
where he is very solid, and he
is an average scoring threat.
May see more action near the
end of the season. Watch for
him next year. Major: philoso
phy.

(This concludes the ''Know Your Indians" series for basketball.)


lOIIN KTAIIMUt
(Jilard


TOM CItAWPOKII
(»iiur<l
Stabler (No. 11, 157 lbs.,
H-GV-j sophomore from Pacific
Palisades) has boon probably
the most surprising player of
Ihc 19fjH Stanford basketball
team. Me wasn't among ihe top
14 at season's start, but broke
into the starting line-up against
Cal. Biggest problem is get
ting off shots, due to his stat
ure. Has quick reactions and
amazing co-ordination. Major:
general studies.

Crawford (No. 15, 175 lbs.,
5-11 junior from Pomona) is
showing good improvement this
year; is still spending most of
his time with the Braves, but
has broken into varsity action.
His strong point is defense,
where he is very solid, and he
is an average scoring threat.
May see more action near the
end of the season. Watch for
him next year. Major: philoso
phy.

(This concludes the ''Know Your Indians" series for basketball.)


lOIIN KTAIIMUt
(Jilard


TOM CItAWPOKII
(»iiur<l
Stabler (No. 11, 157 lbs.,
H-GV-j sophomore from Pacific
Palisades) has boon probably
the most surprising player of
Ihc 19fjH Stanford basketball
team. Me wasn't among ihe top
14 at season's start, but broke
into the starting line-up against
Cal. Biggest problem is get
ting off shots, due to his stat
ure. Has quick reactions and
amazing co-ordination. Major:
general studies.

Crawford (No. 15, 175 lbs.,
5-11 junior from Pomona) is
showing good improvement this
year; is still spending most of
his time with the Braves, but
has broken into varsity action.
His strong point is defense,
where he is very solid, and he
is an average scoring threat.
May see more action near the
end of the season. Watch for
him next year. Major: philoso
phy.

(This concludes the ''Know Your Indians" series for basketball.)


lOIIN KTAIIMUt
(Jilard


TOM CItAWPOKII
(»iiur<l
Stabler (No. 11, 157 lbs.,
H-GV-j sophomore from Pacific
Palisades) has boon probably
the most surprising player of
Ihc 19fjH Stanford basketball
team. Me wasn't among ihe top
14 at season's start, but broke
into the starting line-up against
Cal. Biggest problem is get
ting off shots, due to his stat
ure. Has quick reactions and
amazing co-ordination. Major:
general studies.

Crawford (No. 15, 175 lbs.,
5-11 junior from Pomona) is
showing good improvement this
year; is still spending most of
his time with the Braves, but
has broken into varsity action.
His strong point is defense,
where he is very solid, and he
is an average scoring threat.
May see more action near the
end of the season. Watch for
him next year. Major: philoso
phy.

(This concludes the ''Know Your Indians" series for basketball.)


lOIIN KTAIIMUt
(Jilard


TOM CItAWPOKII
(»iiur<l
Stabler (No. 11, 157 lbs.,
H-GV-j sophomore from Pacific
Palisades) has boon probably
the most surprising player of
Ihc 19fjH Stanford basketball
team. Me wasn't among ihe top
14 at season's start, but broke
into the starting line-up against
Cal. Biggest problem is get
ting off shots, due to his stat
ure. Has quick reactions and
amazing co-ordination. Major:
general studies.

Crawford (No. 15, 175 lbs.,
5-11 junior from Pomona) is
showing good improvement this
year; is still spending most of
his time with the Braves, but
has broken into varsity action.
His strong point is defense,
where he is very solid, and he
is an average scoring threat.
May see more action near the
end of the season. Watch for
him next year. Major: philoso
phy.

(This concludes the ''Know Your Indians" series for basketball.)


lOIIN KTAIIMUt
(Jilard


TOM CItAWPOKII
(»iiur<l
Stabler (No. 11, 157 lbs.,
H-GV-j sophomore from Pacific
Palisades) has boon probably
the most surprising player of
Ihc 19fjH Stanford basketball
team. Me wasn't among ihe top
14 at season's start, but broke
into the starting line-up against
Cal. Biggest problem is get
ting off shots, due to his stat
ure. Has quick reactions and
amazing co-ordination. Major:
general studies.

Crawford (No. 15, 175 lbs.,
5-11 junior from Pomona) is
showing good improvement this
year; is still spending most of
his time with the Braves, but
has broken into varsity action.
His strong point is defense,
where he is very solid, and he
is an average scoring threat.
May see more action near the
end of the season. Watch for
him next year. Major: philoso
phy.

(This concludes the ''Know Your Indians" series for basketball.)


lOIIN KTAIIMUt
(Jilard


TOM CItAWPOKII
(»iiur<l
Stabler (No. 11, 157 lbs.,
H-GV-j sophomore from Pacific
Palisades) has boon probably
the most surprising player of
Ihc 19fjH Stanford basketball
team. Me wasn't among ihe top
14 at season's start, but broke
into the starting line-up against
Cal. Biggest problem is get
ting off shots, due to his stat
ure. Has quick reactions and
amazing co-ordination. Major:
general studies.

Crawford (No. 15, 175 lbs.,
5-11 junior from Pomona) is
showing good improvement this
year; is still spending most of
his time with the Braves, but
has broken into varsity action.
His strong point is defense,
where he is very solid, and he
is an average scoring threat.
May see more action near the
end of the season. Watch for
him next year. Major: philoso
phy.

(This concludes the ''Know Your Indians" series for basketball.)


lOIIN KTAIIMUt
(Jilard


TOM CItAWPOKII
(»iiur<l
Stabler (No. 11, 157 lbs.,
H-GV-j sophomore from Pacific
Palisades) has boon probably
the most surprising player of
Ihc 19fjH Stanford basketball
team. Me wasn't among ihe top
14 at season's start, but broke
into the starting line-up against
Cal. Biggest problem is get
ting off shots, due to his stat
ure. Has quick reactions and
amazing co-ordination. Major:
general studies.

Crawford (No. 15, 175 lbs.,
5-11 junior from Pomona) is
showing good improvement this
year; is still spending most of
his time with the Braves, but
has broken into varsity action.
His strong point is defense,
where he is very solid, and he
is an average scoring threat.
May see more action near the
end of the season. Watch for
him next year. Major: philoso
phy.

(This concludes the ''Know Your Indians" series for basketball.)


lOIIN KTAIIMUt
(Jilard


TOM CItAWPOKII
(»iiur<l
Stabler (No. 11, 157 lbs.,
H-GV-j sophomore from Pacific
Palisades) has boon probably
the most surprising player of
Ihc 19fjH Stanford basketball
team. Me wasn't among ihe top
14 at season's start, but broke
into the starting line-up against
Cal. Biggest problem is get
ting off shots, due to his stat
ure. Has quick reactions and
amazing co-ordination. Major:
general studies.

Crawford (No. 15, 175 lbs.,
5-11 junior from Pomona) is
showing good improvement this
year; is still spending most of
his time with the Braves, but
has broken into varsity action.
His strong point is defense,
where he is very solid, and he
is an average scoring threat.
May see more action near the
end of the season. Watch for
him next year. Major: philoso
phy.

(This concludes the ''Know Your Indians" series for basketball.)


lOIIN KTAIIMUt
(Jilard


TOM CItAWPOKII
(»iiur<l
