# Swedish Life Illustrated in Series Talk
## 
### Pat Brenner 
"As far as socialism is con
cerned, Sweden has tried to
choose the middle way," Bruce
Stewart, Tuesday Evening Series
lecturer, stated last night, men
tioning as an example that "88
per cent of industry is privately
owned."
With this background in eco
nomics and politics and similar
information concerning the edu
cation, topography and agricul
ture of Sweden, Stewart present
ed his film, "Everyday and Holi
day in Sweden."
The film, two years in the mak
ing, covered aspects of Swedish
life through the four seasons,
spending summer in the land of
the Lapps, "the land of the mid
night sun," and winter portray
ing the Swedish Christmas cus
toms.
Under the aspect of "Every
day," the hurried erection of nu
merous modern apartment build
ings to fit the growing housing
shortage was illustrated.
"Because there is still such a
need for housing, most people
there are on the waiting list for
five years before they can move
into an apartment," Stewart
stated.
In the "Holiday" section, the
midsummer festivities of south
ern Sweden were viewed in color,
with traditional country dances
around a Maypole. Referring to
the numerous fiddlers at these
dances, Stewart said, "There is a
saying in Sweden that out of cy
ery five men, you will find six
fiddlers." Sports, such as swim
ming, a compulsory sport in the
schools, and fishing were also il
lustrated.
Winter sports including hunt
ing, hockey and sledding were
also photographed, as well as
photographs of the wildlife
abundant in the woods of Swe
den.
This was Stewart's second ap
pea ranee at Stanford, having
played Falstaff in the Opera
Workshop in 1945.
