# Colts Draft Brown; 49ers Get Aikens
## 
### 
PHILADELPHIA (/P) — The!
Baltimore Colts, already loaded 1
wit h talented quarterbacks,
dipped into the National Football
League college player draft bag
yesterday and came up with
quarterback Ray Brown, hero of
Mississippi's Sugar Bowl winner.
The 12 NFL clubs, gathered
here for their annual four - day
winter meeting, selected 312
players through 26 rounds of the
draft. Yesterday's drafting began
with the fifth round of ihe an
nual 30-round pickings since the
first four rounds were held last
Dec. 2.
The San Francisco 49ers
latched on to quarterback Bill
Atkins, the leading ground-gain
er for Auburn, the nation's No. 1
football team of 1957. The 22-
year-old Atkins, a 6-foot, 190-
pounder, also punted and handled
the kickoff duties for Auburn.
PHILADELPHIA (/P) — The!
Baltimore Colts, already loaded 1
wit h talented quarterbacks,
dipped into the National Football
League college player draft bag
yesterday and came up with
quarterback Ray Brown, hero of
Mississippi's Sugar Bowl winner.
The 12 NFL clubs, gathered
here for their annual four - day
winter meeting, selected 312
players through 26 rounds of the
draft. Yesterday's drafting began
with the fifth round of ihe an
nual 30-round pickings since the
first four rounds were held last
Dec. 2.
The San Francisco 49ers
latched on to quarterback Bill
Atkins, the leading ground-gain
er for Auburn, the nation's No. 1
football team of 1957. The 22-
year-old Atkins, a 6-foot, 190-
pounder, also punted and handled
the kickoff duties for Auburn.
PHILADELPHIA (/P) — The!
Baltimore Colts, already loaded 1
wit h talented quarterbacks,
dipped into the National Football
League college player draft bag
yesterday and came up with
quarterback Ray Brown, hero of
Mississippi's Sugar Bowl winner.
The 12 NFL clubs, gathered
here for their annual four - day
winter meeting, selected 312
players through 26 rounds of the
draft. Yesterday's drafting began
with the fifth round of ihe an
nual 30-round pickings since the
first four rounds were held last
Dec. 2.
The San Francisco 49ers
latched on to quarterback Bill
Atkins, the leading ground-gain
er for Auburn, the nation's No. 1
football team of 1957. The 22-
year-old Atkins, a 6-foot, 190-
pounder, also punted and handled
the kickoff duties for Auburn.
PHILADELPHIA (/P) — The!
Baltimore Colts, already loaded 1
wit h talented quarterbacks,
dipped into the National Football
League college player draft bag
yesterday and came up with
quarterback Ray Brown, hero of
Mississippi's Sugar Bowl winner.
The 12 NFL clubs, gathered
here for their annual four - day
winter meeting, selected 312
players through 26 rounds of the
draft. Yesterday's drafting began
with the fifth round of ihe an
nual 30-round pickings since the
first four rounds were held last
Dec. 2.
The San Francisco 49ers
latched on to quarterback Bill
Atkins, the leading ground-gain
er for Auburn, the nation's No. 1
football team of 1957. The 22-
year-old Atkins, a 6-foot, 190-
pounder, also punted and handled
the kickoff duties for Auburn.
PHILADELPHIA (/P) — The!
Baltimore Colts, already loaded 1
wit h talented quarterbacks,
dipped into the National Football
League college player draft bag
yesterday and came up with
quarterback Ray Brown, hero of
Mississippi's Sugar Bowl winner.
The 12 NFL clubs, gathered
here for their annual four - day
winter meeting, selected 312
players through 26 rounds of the
draft. Yesterday's drafting began
with the fifth round of ihe an
nual 30-round pickings since the
first four rounds were held last
Dec. 2.
The San Francisco 49ers
latched on to quarterback Bill
Atkins, the leading ground-gain
er for Auburn, the nation's No. 1
football team of 1957. The 22-
year-old Atkins, a 6-foot, 190-
pounder, also punted and handled
the kickoff duties for Auburn.
PHILADELPHIA (/P) — The!
Baltimore Colts, already loaded 1
wit h talented quarterbacks,
dipped into the National Football
League college player draft bag
yesterday and came up with
quarterback Ray Brown, hero of
Mississippi's Sugar Bowl winner.
The 12 NFL clubs, gathered
here for their annual four - day
winter meeting, selected 312
players through 26 rounds of the
draft. Yesterday's drafting began
with the fifth round of ihe an
nual 30-round pickings since the
first four rounds were held last
Dec. 2.
The San Francisco 49ers
latched on to quarterback Bill
Atkins, the leading ground-gain
er for Auburn, the nation's No. 1
football team of 1957. The 22-
year-old Atkins, a 6-foot, 190-
pounder, also punted and handled
the kickoff duties for Auburn.
PHILADELPHIA (/P) — The!
Baltimore Colts, already loaded 1
wit h talented quarterbacks,
dipped into the National Football
League college player draft bag
yesterday and came up with
quarterback Ray Brown, hero of
Mississippi's Sugar Bowl winner.
The 12 NFL clubs, gathered
here for their annual four - day
winter meeting, selected 312
players through 26 rounds of the
draft. Yesterday's drafting began
with the fifth round of ihe an
nual 30-round pickings since the
first four rounds were held last
Dec. 2.
The San Francisco 49ers
latched on to quarterback Bill
Atkins, the leading ground-gain
er for Auburn, the nation's No. 1
football team of 1957. The 22-
year-old Atkins, a 6-foot, 190-
pounder, also punted and handled
the kickoff duties for Auburn.
PHILADELPHIA (/P) — The!
Baltimore Colts, already loaded 1
wit h talented quarterbacks,
dipped into the National Football
League college player draft bag
yesterday and came up with
quarterback Ray Brown, hero of
Mississippi's Sugar Bowl winner.
The 12 NFL clubs, gathered
here for their annual four - day
winter meeting, selected 312
players through 26 rounds of the
draft. Yesterday's drafting began
with the fifth round of ihe an
nual 30-round pickings since the
first four rounds were held last
Dec. 2.
The San Francisco 49ers
latched on to quarterback Bill
Atkins, the leading ground-gain
er for Auburn, the nation's No. 1
football team of 1957. The 22-
year-old Atkins, a 6-foot, 190-
pounder, also punted and handled
the kickoff duties for Auburn.
PHILADELPHIA (/P) — The!
Baltimore Colts, already loaded 1
wit h talented quarterbacks,
dipped into the National Football
League college player draft bag
yesterday and came up with
quarterback Ray Brown, hero of
Mississippi's Sugar Bowl winner.
The 12 NFL clubs, gathered
here for their annual four - day
winter meeting, selected 312
players through 26 rounds of the
draft. Yesterday's drafting began
with the fifth round of ihe an
nual 30-round pickings since the
first four rounds were held last
Dec. 2.
The San Francisco 49ers
latched on to quarterback Bill
Atkins, the leading ground-gain
er for Auburn, the nation's No. 1
football team of 1957. The 22-
year-old Atkins, a 6-foot, 190-
pounder, also punted and handled
the kickoff duties for Auburn.
PHILADELPHIA (/P) — The!
Baltimore Colts, already loaded 1
wit h talented quarterbacks,
dipped into the National Football
League college player draft bag
yesterday and came up with
quarterback Ray Brown, hero of
Mississippi's Sugar Bowl winner.
The 12 NFL clubs, gathered
here for their annual four - day
winter meeting, selected 312
players through 26 rounds of the
draft. Yesterday's drafting began
with the fifth round of ihe an
nual 30-round pickings since the
first four rounds were held last
Dec. 2.
The San Francisco 49ers
latched on to quarterback Bill
Atkins, the leading ground-gain
er for Auburn, the nation's No. 1
football team of 1957. The 22-
year-old Atkins, a 6-foot, 190-
pounder, also punted and handled
the kickoff duties for Auburn.
PHILADELPHIA (/P) — The!
Baltimore Colts, already loaded 1
wit h talented quarterbacks,
dipped into the National Football
League college player draft bag
yesterday and came up with
quarterback Ray Brown, hero of
Mississippi's Sugar Bowl winner.
The 12 NFL clubs, gathered
here for their annual four - day
winter meeting, selected 312
players through 26 rounds of the
draft. Yesterday's drafting began
with the fifth round of ihe an
nual 30-round pickings since the
first four rounds were held last
Dec. 2.
The San Francisco 49ers
latched on to quarterback Bill
Atkins, the leading ground-gain
er for Auburn, the nation's No. 1
football team of 1957. The 22-
year-old Atkins, a 6-foot, 190-
pounder, also punted and handled
the kickoff duties for Auburn.
PHILADELPHIA (/P) — The!
Baltimore Colts, already loaded 1
wit h talented quarterbacks,
dipped into the National Football
League college player draft bag
yesterday and came up with
quarterback Ray Brown, hero of
Mississippi's Sugar Bowl winner.
The 12 NFL clubs, gathered
here for their annual four - day
winter meeting, selected 312
players through 26 rounds of the
draft. Yesterday's drafting began
with the fifth round of ihe an
nual 30-round pickings since the
first four rounds were held last
Dec. 2.
The San Francisco 49ers
latched on to quarterback Bill
Atkins, the leading ground-gain
er for Auburn, the nation's No. 1
football team of 1957. The 22-
year-old Atkins, a 6-foot, 190-
pounder, also punted and handled
the kickoff duties for Auburn.
PHILADELPHIA (/P) — The!
Baltimore Colts, already loaded 1
wit h talented quarterbacks,
dipped into the National Football
League college player draft bag
yesterday and came up with
quarterback Ray Brown, hero of
Mississippi's Sugar Bowl winner.
The 12 NFL clubs, gathered
here for their annual four - day
winter meeting, selected 312
players through 26 rounds of the
draft. Yesterday's drafting began
with the fifth round of ihe an
nual 30-round pickings since the
first four rounds were held last
Dec. 2.
The San Francisco 49ers
latched on to quarterback Bill
Atkins, the leading ground-gain
er for Auburn, the nation's No. 1
football team of 1957. The 22-
year-old Atkins, a 6-foot, 190-
pounder, also punted and handled
the kickoff duties for Auburn.
PHILADELPHIA (/P) — The!
Baltimore Colts, already loaded 1
wit h talented quarterbacks,
dipped into the National Football
League college player draft bag
yesterday and came up with
quarterback Ray Brown, hero of
Mississippi's Sugar Bowl winner.
The 12 NFL clubs, gathered
here for their annual four - day
winter meeting, selected 312
players through 26 rounds of the
draft. Yesterday's drafting began
with the fifth round of ihe an
nual 30-round pickings since the
first four rounds were held last
Dec. 2.
The San Francisco 49ers
latched on to quarterback Bill
Atkins, the leading ground-gain
er for Auburn, the nation's No. 1
football team of 1957. The 22-
year-old Atkins, a 6-foot, 190-
pounder, also punted and handled
the kickoff duties for Auburn.
PHILADELPHIA (/P) — The!
Baltimore Colts, already loaded 1
wit h talented quarterbacks,
dipped into the National Football
League college player draft bag
yesterday and came up with
quarterback Ray Brown, hero of
Mississippi's Sugar Bowl winner.
The 12 NFL clubs, gathered
here for their annual four - day
winter meeting, selected 312
players through 26 rounds of the
draft. Yesterday's drafting began
with the fifth round of ihe an
nual 30-round pickings since the
first four rounds were held last
Dec. 2.
The San Francisco 49ers
latched on to quarterback Bill
Atkins, the leading ground-gain
er for Auburn, the nation's No. 1
football team of 1957. The 22-
year-old Atkins, a 6-foot, 190-
pounder, also punted and handled
the kickoff duties for Auburn.
PHILADELPHIA (/P) — The!
Baltimore Colts, already loaded 1
wit h talented quarterbacks,
dipped into the National Football
League college player draft bag
yesterday and came up with
quarterback Ray Brown, hero of
Mississippi's Sugar Bowl winner.
The 12 NFL clubs, gathered
here for their annual four - day
winter meeting, selected 312
players through 26 rounds of the
draft. Yesterday's drafting began
with the fifth round of ihe an
nual 30-round pickings since the
first four rounds were held last
Dec. 2.
The San Francisco 49ers
latched on to quarterback Bill
Atkins, the leading ground-gain
er for Auburn, the nation's No. 1
football team of 1957. The 22-
year-old Atkins, a 6-foot, 190-
pounder, also punted and handled
the kickoff duties for Auburn.
PHILADELPHIA (/P) — The!
Baltimore Colts, already loaded 1
wit h talented quarterbacks,
dipped into the National Football
League college player draft bag
yesterday and came up with
quarterback Ray Brown, hero of
Mississippi's Sugar Bowl winner.
The 12 NFL clubs, gathered
here for their annual four - day
winter meeting, selected 312
players through 26 rounds of the
draft. Yesterday's drafting began
with the fifth round of ihe an
nual 30-round pickings since the
first four rounds were held last
Dec. 2.
The San Francisco 49ers
latched on to quarterback Bill
Atkins, the leading ground-gain
er for Auburn, the nation's No. 1
football team of 1957. The 22-
year-old Atkins, a 6-foot, 190-
pounder, also punted and handled
the kickoff duties for Auburn.
