# Adv. 11 Page 3
## 
### 
LINGERIE
SPECIAL
Philippine
Envelope
CHEMISE
hand embroidered—with
embroidered shoulderstraps
3.95
LINGERIE
SPECIAL
Philippine
Envelope
CHEMISE
hand embroidered—with
embroidered shoulderstraps
3.95
LINGERIE
SPECIAL
Philippine
Envelope
CHEMISE
hand embroidered—with
embroidered shoulderstraps
3.95
LINGERIE
SPECIAL
Philippine
Envelope
CHEMISE
hand embroidered—with
embroidered shoulderstraps
3.95
LINGERIE
SPECIAL
Philippine
Envelope
CHEMISE
hand embroidered—with
embroidered shoulderstraps
3.95
LINGERIE
SPECIAL
Philippine
Envelope
CHEMISE
hand embroidered—with
embroidered shoulderstraps
3.95
LINGERIE
SPECIAL
Philippine
Envelope
CHEMISE
hand embroidered—with
embroidered shoulderstraps
3.95
LINGERIE
SPECIAL
Philippine
Envelope
CHEMISE
hand embroidered—with
embroidered shoulderstraps
3.95
LINGERIE
SPECIAL
Philippine
Envelope
CHEMISE
hand embroidered—with
embroidered shoulderstraps
3.95
LINGERIE
SPECIAL
Philippine
Envelope
CHEMISE
hand embroidered—with
embroidered shoulderstraps
3.95
LINGERIE
SPECIAL
Philippine
Envelope
CHEMISE
hand embroidered—with
embroidered shoulderstraps
3.95
LINGERIE
SPECIAL
Philippine
Envelope
CHEMISE
hand embroidered—with
embroidered shoulderstraps
3.95
LINGERIE
SPECIAL
Philippine
Envelope
CHEMISE
hand embroidered—with
embroidered shoulderstraps
3.95
