# Pound and Penny Wise, Bath.
## 
### 
At a comparatively small cost the
football training quarters have been
completely renovated and rearranged.
The D.P. A. wishes to congratulate the
Graduate Manager and the Hoard of
Control for this. Small amounts of
money judiciously and inteligently
expended can transform an. athletic
room from an ill-arranged, perhaps
unclean training house to a neat, in
viting congregating place for student
athletes. A description of the "new"
quarters may be found in another
column.
At a comparatively small cost the
football training quarters have been
completely renovated and rearranged.
The D.P. A. wishes to congratulate the
Graduate Manager and the Hoard of
Control for this. Small amounts of
money judiciously and inteligently
expended can transform an. athletic
room from an ill-arranged, perhaps
unclean training house to a neat, in
viting congregating place for student
athletes. A description of the "new"
quarters may be found in another
column.
At a comparatively small cost the
football training quarters have been
completely renovated and rearranged.
The D.P. A. wishes to congratulate the
Graduate Manager and the Hoard of
Control for this. Small amounts of
money judiciously and inteligently
expended can transform an. athletic
room from an ill-arranged, perhaps
unclean training house to a neat, in
viting congregating place for student
athletes. A description of the "new"
quarters may be found in another
column.
At a comparatively small cost the
football training quarters have been
completely renovated and rearranged.
The D.P. A. wishes to congratulate the
Graduate Manager and the Hoard of
Control for this. Small amounts of
money judiciously and inteligently
expended can transform an. athletic
room from an ill-arranged, perhaps
unclean training house to a neat, in
viting congregating place for student
athletes. A description of the "new"
quarters may be found in another
column.
At a comparatively small cost the
football training quarters have been
completely renovated and rearranged.
The D.P. A. wishes to congratulate the
Graduate Manager and the Hoard of
Control for this. Small amounts of
money judiciously and inteligently
expended can transform an. athletic
room from an ill-arranged, perhaps
unclean training house to a neat, in
viting congregating place for student
athletes. A description of the "new"
quarters may be found in another
column.
At a comparatively small cost the
football training quarters have been
completely renovated and rearranged.
The D.P. A. wishes to congratulate the
Graduate Manager and the Hoard of
Control for this. Small amounts of
money judiciously and inteligently
expended can transform an. athletic
room from an ill-arranged, perhaps
unclean training house to a neat, in
viting congregating place for student
athletes. A description of the "new"
quarters may be found in another
column.
At a comparatively small cost the
football training quarters have been
completely renovated and rearranged.
The D.P. A. wishes to congratulate the
Graduate Manager and the Hoard of
Control for this. Small amounts of
money judiciously and inteligently
expended can transform an. athletic
room from an ill-arranged, perhaps
unclean training house to a neat, in
viting congregating place for student
athletes. A description of the "new"
quarters may be found in another
column.
At a comparatively small cost the
football training quarters have been
completely renovated and rearranged.
The D.P. A. wishes to congratulate the
Graduate Manager and the Hoard of
Control for this. Small amounts of
money judiciously and inteligently
expended can transform an. athletic
room from an ill-arranged, perhaps
unclean training house to a neat, in
viting congregating place for student
athletes. A description of the "new"
quarters may be found in another
column.
At a comparatively small cost the
football training quarters have been
completely renovated and rearranged.
The D.P. A. wishes to congratulate the
Graduate Manager and the Hoard of
Control for this. Small amounts of
money judiciously and inteligently
expended can transform an. athletic
room from an ill-arranged, perhaps
unclean training house to a neat, in
viting congregating place for student
athletes. A description of the "new"
quarters may be found in another
column.
At a comparatively small cost the
football training quarters have been
completely renovated and rearranged.
The D.P. A. wishes to congratulate the
Graduate Manager and the Hoard of
Control for this. Small amounts of
money judiciously and inteligently
expended can transform an. athletic
room from an ill-arranged, perhaps
unclean training house to a neat, in
viting congregating place for student
athletes. A description of the "new"
quarters may be found in another
column.
At a comparatively small cost the
football training quarters have been
completely renovated and rearranged.
The D.P. A. wishes to congratulate the
Graduate Manager and the Hoard of
Control for this. Small amounts of
money judiciously and inteligently
expended can transform an. athletic
room from an ill-arranged, perhaps
unclean training house to a neat, in
viting congregating place for student
athletes. A description of the "new"
quarters may be found in another
column.
At a comparatively small cost the
football training quarters have been
completely renovated and rearranged.
The D.P. A. wishes to congratulate the
Graduate Manager and the Hoard of
Control for this. Small amounts of
money judiciously and inteligently
expended can transform an. athletic
room from an ill-arranged, perhaps
unclean training house to a neat, in
viting congregating place for student
athletes. A description of the "new"
quarters may be found in another
column.
