# GREENBERG WINS
## 
### 
CHICAGO, July 5 (UP).—First
seeded Seymour Greenberg, Los
Angeles, defeated Matt Tuite, of
Notre Dame, in the second round
of the Western Clay Courts Tennis
Tournament today.
CHICAGO, July 5 (UP).—First
seeded Seymour Greenberg, Los
Angeles, defeated Matt Tuite, of
Notre Dame, in the second round
of the Western Clay Courts Tennis
Tournament today.
CHICAGO, July 5 (UP).—First
seeded Seymour Greenberg, Los
Angeles, defeated Matt Tuite, of
Notre Dame, in the second round
of the Western Clay Courts Tennis
Tournament today.
CHICAGO, July 5 (UP).—First
seeded Seymour Greenberg, Los
Angeles, defeated Matt Tuite, of
Notre Dame, in the second round
of the Western Clay Courts Tennis
Tournament today.
CHICAGO, July 5 (UP).—First
seeded Seymour Greenberg, Los
Angeles, defeated Matt Tuite, of
Notre Dame, in the second round
of the Western Clay Courts Tennis
Tournament today.
CHICAGO, July 5 (UP).—First
seeded Seymour Greenberg, Los
Angeles, defeated Matt Tuite, of
Notre Dame, in the second round
of the Western Clay Courts Tennis
Tournament today.
CHICAGO, July 5 (UP).—First
seeded Seymour Greenberg, Los
Angeles, defeated Matt Tuite, of
Notre Dame, in the second round
of the Western Clay Courts Tennis
Tournament today.
CHICAGO, July 5 (UP).—First
seeded Seymour Greenberg, Los
Angeles, defeated Matt Tuite, of
Notre Dame, in the second round
of the Western Clay Courts Tennis
Tournament today.
CHICAGO, July 5 (UP).—First
seeded Seymour Greenberg, Los
Angeles, defeated Matt Tuite, of
Notre Dame, in the second round
of the Western Clay Courts Tennis
Tournament today.
CHICAGO, July 5 (UP).—First
seeded Seymour Greenberg, Los
Angeles, defeated Matt Tuite, of
Notre Dame, in the second round
of the Western Clay Courts Tennis
Tournament today.
CHICAGO, July 5 (UP).—First
seeded Seymour Greenberg, Los
Angeles, defeated Matt Tuite, of
Notre Dame, in the second round
of the Western Clay Courts Tennis
Tournament today.
CHICAGO, July 5 (UP).—First
seeded Seymour Greenberg, Los
Angeles, defeated Matt Tuite, of
Notre Dame, in the second round
of the Western Clay Courts Tennis
Tournament today.
CHICAGO, July 5 (UP).—First
seeded Seymour Greenberg, Los
Angeles, defeated Matt Tuite, of
Notre Dame, in the second round
of the Western Clay Courts Tennis
Tournament today.
CHICAGO, July 5 (UP).—First
seeded Seymour Greenberg, Los
Angeles, defeated Matt Tuite, of
Notre Dame, in the second round
of the Western Clay Courts Tennis
Tournament today.
