# LAST CHANCE, BUT HUGH MADE IT
## 
### 

AFTER DRIVING from their own 29-yard line midway in the fourth quarter of Saturday's Stanford-
Washington game, the Indians were apparently stopped as three thrusts from inside the Huskies' five-yard
line failed. On the fourth down, however, Frankie Albert handed the ball to Hugh Gallarncau, who
ploughed over as shown to put the Cards ahead 14-10 and cinch the victory.

AFTER DRIVING from their own 29-yard line midway in the fourth quarter of Saturday's Stanford-
Washington game, the Indians were apparently stopped as three thrusts from inside the Huskies' five-yard
line failed. On the fourth down, however, Frankie Albert handed the ball to Hugh Gallarncau, who
ploughed over as shown to put the Cards ahead 14-10 and cinch the victory.

AFTER DRIVING from their own 29-yard line midway in the fourth quarter of Saturday's Stanford-
Washington game, the Indians were apparently stopped as three thrusts from inside the Huskies' five-yard
line failed. On the fourth down, however, Frankie Albert handed the ball to Hugh Gallarncau, who
ploughed over as shown to put the Cards ahead 14-10 and cinch the victory.

AFTER DRIVING from their own 29-yard line midway in the fourth quarter of Saturday's Stanford-
Washington game, the Indians were apparently stopped as three thrusts from inside the Huskies' five-yard
line failed. On the fourth down, however, Frankie Albert handed the ball to Hugh Gallarncau, who
ploughed over as shown to put the Cards ahead 14-10 and cinch the victory.

AFTER DRIVING from their own 29-yard line midway in the fourth quarter of Saturday's Stanford-
Washington game, the Indians were apparently stopped as three thrusts from inside the Huskies' five-yard
line failed. On the fourth down, however, Frankie Albert handed the ball to Hugh Gallarncau, who
ploughed over as shown to put the Cards ahead 14-10 and cinch the victory.

AFTER DRIVING from their own 29-yard line midway in the fourth quarter of Saturday's Stanford-
Washington game, the Indians were apparently stopped as three thrusts from inside the Huskies' five-yard
line failed. On the fourth down, however, Frankie Albert handed the ball to Hugh Gallarncau, who
ploughed over as shown to put the Cards ahead 14-10 and cinch the victory.

AFTER DRIVING from their own 29-yard line midway in the fourth quarter of Saturday's Stanford-
Washington game, the Indians were apparently stopped as three thrusts from inside the Huskies' five-yard
line failed. On the fourth down, however, Frankie Albert handed the ball to Hugh Gallarncau, who
ploughed over as shown to put the Cards ahead 14-10 and cinch the victory.

AFTER DRIVING from their own 29-yard line midway in the fourth quarter of Saturday's Stanford-
Washington game, the Indians were apparently stopped as three thrusts from inside the Huskies' five-yard
line failed. On the fourth down, however, Frankie Albert handed the ball to Hugh Gallarncau, who
ploughed over as shown to put the Cards ahead 14-10 and cinch the victory.

AFTER DRIVING from their own 29-yard line midway in the fourth quarter of Saturday's Stanford-
Washington game, the Indians were apparently stopped as three thrusts from inside the Huskies' five-yard
line failed. On the fourth down, however, Frankie Albert handed the ball to Hugh Gallarncau, who
ploughed over as shown to put the Cards ahead 14-10 and cinch the victory.

AFTER DRIVING from their own 29-yard line midway in the fourth quarter of Saturday's Stanford-
Washington game, the Indians were apparently stopped as three thrusts from inside the Huskies' five-yard
line failed. On the fourth down, however, Frankie Albert handed the ball to Hugh Gallarncau, who
ploughed over as shown to put the Cards ahead 14-10 and cinch the victory.

AFTER DRIVING from their own 29-yard line midway in the fourth quarter of Saturday's Stanford-
Washington game, the Indians were apparently stopped as three thrusts from inside the Huskies' five-yard
line failed. On the fourth down, however, Frankie Albert handed the ball to Hugh Gallarncau, who
ploughed over as shown to put the Cards ahead 14-10 and cinch the victory.

AFTER DRIVING from their own 29-yard line midway in the fourth quarter of Saturday's Stanford-
Washington game, the Indians were apparently stopped as three thrusts from inside the Huskies' five-yard
line failed. On the fourth down, however, Frankie Albert handed the ball to Hugh Gallarncau, who
ploughed over as shown to put the Cards ahead 14-10 and cinch the victory.

AFTER DRIVING from their own 29-yard line midway in the fourth quarter of Saturday's Stanford-
Washington game, the Indians were apparently stopped as three thrusts from inside the Huskies' five-yard
line failed. On the fourth down, however, Frankie Albert handed the ball to Hugh Gallarncau, who
ploughed over as shown to put the Cards ahead 14-10 and cinch the victory.

AFTER DRIVING from their own 29-yard line midway in the fourth quarter of Saturday's Stanford-
Washington game, the Indians were apparently stopped as three thrusts from inside the Huskies' five-yard
line failed. On the fourth down, however, Frankie Albert handed the ball to Hugh Gallarncau, who
ploughed over as shown to put the Cards ahead 14-10 and cinch the victory.

AFTER DRIVING from their own 29-yard line midway in the fourth quarter of Saturday's Stanford-
Washington game, the Indians were apparently stopped as three thrusts from inside the Huskies' five-yard
line failed. On the fourth down, however, Frankie Albert handed the ball to Hugh Gallarncau, who
ploughed over as shown to put the Cards ahead 14-10 and cinch the victory.

AFTER DRIVING from their own 29-yard line midway in the fourth quarter of Saturday's Stanford-
Washington game, the Indians were apparently stopped as three thrusts from inside the Huskies' five-yard
line failed. On the fourth down, however, Frankie Albert handed the ball to Hugh Gallarncau, who
ploughed over as shown to put the Cards ahead 14-10 and cinch the victory.

AFTER DRIVING from their own 29-yard line midway in the fourth quarter of Saturday's Stanford-
Washington game, the Indians were apparently stopped as three thrusts from inside the Huskies' five-yard
line failed. On the fourth down, however, Frankie Albert handed the ball to Hugh Gallarncau, who
ploughed over as shown to put the Cards ahead 14-10 and cinch the victory.
