# The 						Stanford Daily SPORTS
## JERRY BRUCKER, Sports Editor 'FIXING' SUSPECT SURRENDERS 
### 

BERNARD MOONEY, alias William J. Einstoss, alleged head of a
California "sure thing" racing ring, surrendered to a Los Angeles
grand jury indictment charging him with participation in a "gambler's
syndicate." reputed to have taken in over a million dollars in the
last year. Mooney. left, is being questioned by Los Angeles District
Attorney Buron Fills.

BERNARD MOONEY, alias William J. Einstoss, alleged head of a
California "sure thing" racing ring, surrendered to a Los Angeles
grand jury indictment charging him with participation in a "gambler's
syndicate." reputed to have taken in over a million dollars in the
last year. Mooney. left, is being questioned by Los Angeles District
Attorney Buron Fills.

BERNARD MOONEY, alias William J. Einstoss, alleged head of a
California "sure thing" racing ring, surrendered to a Los Angeles
grand jury indictment charging him with participation in a "gambler's
syndicate." reputed to have taken in over a million dollars in the
last year. Mooney. left, is being questioned by Los Angeles District
Attorney Buron Fills.

BERNARD MOONEY, alias William J. Einstoss, alleged head of a
California "sure thing" racing ring, surrendered to a Los Angeles
grand jury indictment charging him with participation in a "gambler's
syndicate." reputed to have taken in over a million dollars in the
last year. Mooney. left, is being questioned by Los Angeles District
Attorney Buron Fills.

BERNARD MOONEY, alias William J. Einstoss, alleged head of a
California "sure thing" racing ring, surrendered to a Los Angeles
grand jury indictment charging him with participation in a "gambler's
syndicate." reputed to have taken in over a million dollars in the
last year. Mooney. left, is being questioned by Los Angeles District
Attorney Buron Fills.

BERNARD MOONEY, alias William J. Einstoss, alleged head of a
California "sure thing" racing ring, surrendered to a Los Angeles
grand jury indictment charging him with participation in a "gambler's
syndicate." reputed to have taken in over a million dollars in the
last year. Mooney. left, is being questioned by Los Angeles District
Attorney Buron Fills.

BERNARD MOONEY, alias William J. Einstoss, alleged head of a
California "sure thing" racing ring, surrendered to a Los Angeles
grand jury indictment charging him with participation in a "gambler's
syndicate." reputed to have taken in over a million dollars in the
last year. Mooney. left, is being questioned by Los Angeles District
Attorney Buron Fills.

BERNARD MOONEY, alias William J. Einstoss, alleged head of a
California "sure thing" racing ring, surrendered to a Los Angeles
grand jury indictment charging him with participation in a "gambler's
syndicate." reputed to have taken in over a million dollars in the
last year. Mooney. left, is being questioned by Los Angeles District
Attorney Buron Fills.

BERNARD MOONEY, alias William J. Einstoss, alleged head of a
California "sure thing" racing ring, surrendered to a Los Angeles
grand jury indictment charging him with participation in a "gambler's
syndicate." reputed to have taken in over a million dollars in the
last year. Mooney. left, is being questioned by Los Angeles District
Attorney Buron Fills.

BERNARD MOONEY, alias William J. Einstoss, alleged head of a
California "sure thing" racing ring, surrendered to a Los Angeles
grand jury indictment charging him with participation in a "gambler's
syndicate." reputed to have taken in over a million dollars in the
last year. Mooney. left, is being questioned by Los Angeles District
Attorney Buron Fills.

BERNARD MOONEY, alias William J. Einstoss, alleged head of a
California "sure thing" racing ring, surrendered to a Los Angeles
grand jury indictment charging him with participation in a "gambler's
syndicate." reputed to have taken in over a million dollars in the
last year. Mooney. left, is being questioned by Los Angeles District
Attorney Buron Fills.

BERNARD MOONEY, alias William J. Einstoss, alleged head of a
California "sure thing" racing ring, surrendered to a Los Angeles
grand jury indictment charging him with participation in a "gambler's
syndicate." reputed to have taken in over a million dollars in the
last year. Mooney. left, is being questioned by Los Angeles District
Attorney Buron Fills.

BERNARD MOONEY, alias William J. Einstoss, alleged head of a
California "sure thing" racing ring, surrendered to a Los Angeles
grand jury indictment charging him with participation in a "gambler's
syndicate." reputed to have taken in over a million dollars in the
last year. Mooney. left, is being questioned by Los Angeles District
Attorney Buron Fills.

BERNARD MOONEY, alias William J. Einstoss, alleged head of a
California "sure thing" racing ring, surrendered to a Los Angeles
grand jury indictment charging him with participation in a "gambler's
syndicate." reputed to have taken in over a million dollars in the
last year. Mooney. left, is being questioned by Los Angeles District
Attorney Buron Fills.

BERNARD MOONEY, alias William J. Einstoss, alleged head of a
California "sure thing" racing ring, surrendered to a Los Angeles
grand jury indictment charging him with participation in a "gambler's
syndicate." reputed to have taken in over a million dollars in the
last year. Mooney. left, is being questioned by Los Angeles District
Attorney Buron Fills.

BERNARD MOONEY, alias William J. Einstoss, alleged head of a
California "sure thing" racing ring, surrendered to a Los Angeles
grand jury indictment charging him with participation in a "gambler's
syndicate." reputed to have taken in over a million dollars in the
last year. Mooney. left, is being questioned by Los Angeles District
Attorney Buron Fills.

BERNARD MOONEY, alias William J. Einstoss, alleged head of a
California "sure thing" racing ring, surrendered to a Los Angeles
grand jury indictment charging him with participation in a "gambler's
syndicate." reputed to have taken in over a million dollars in the
last year. Mooney. left, is being questioned by Los Angeles District
Attorney Buron Fills.
