# WILLKIE GOES ON
## 
### 
'THE EDITOR. SIR:
Wotinell do you mean by "WILLKIE TO CON
TINUE •CURSADE'?" I thought the election was
over.
Sincerely,
Hill Close, 'II
'THE EDITOR. SIR:
Wotinell do you mean by "WILLKIE TO CON
TINUE •CURSADE'?" I thought the election was
over.
Sincerely,
Hill Close, 'II
'THE EDITOR. SIR:
Wotinell do you mean by "WILLKIE TO CON
TINUE •CURSADE'?" I thought the election was
over.
Sincerely,
Hill Close, 'II
'THE EDITOR. SIR:
Wotinell do you mean by "WILLKIE TO CON
TINUE •CURSADE'?" I thought the election was
over.
Sincerely,
Hill Close, 'II
'THE EDITOR. SIR:
Wotinell do you mean by "WILLKIE TO CON
TINUE •CURSADE'?" I thought the election was
over.
Sincerely,
Hill Close, 'II
'THE EDITOR. SIR:
Wotinell do you mean by "WILLKIE TO CON
TINUE •CURSADE'?" I thought the election was
over.
Sincerely,
Hill Close, 'II
'THE EDITOR. SIR:
Wotinell do you mean by "WILLKIE TO CON
TINUE •CURSADE'?" I thought the election was
over.
Sincerely,
Hill Close, 'II
'THE EDITOR. SIR:
Wotinell do you mean by "WILLKIE TO CON
TINUE •CURSADE'?" I thought the election was
over.
Sincerely,
Hill Close, 'II
'THE EDITOR. SIR:
Wotinell do you mean by "WILLKIE TO CON
TINUE •CURSADE'?" I thought the election was
over.
Sincerely,
Hill Close, 'II
'THE EDITOR. SIR:
Wotinell do you mean by "WILLKIE TO CON
TINUE •CURSADE'?" I thought the election was
over.
Sincerely,
Hill Close, 'II
'THE EDITOR. SIR:
Wotinell do you mean by "WILLKIE TO CON
TINUE •CURSADE'?" I thought the election was
over.
Sincerely,
Hill Close, 'II
'THE EDITOR. SIR:
Wotinell do you mean by "WILLKIE TO CON
TINUE •CURSADE'?" I thought the election was
over.
Sincerely,
Hill Close, 'II
'THE EDITOR. SIR:
Wotinell do you mean by "WILLKIE TO CON
TINUE •CURSADE'?" I thought the election was
over.
Sincerely,
Hill Close, 'II
'THE EDITOR. SIR:
Wotinell do you mean by "WILLKIE TO CON
TINUE •CURSADE'?" I thought the election was
over.
Sincerely,
Hill Close, 'II
'THE EDITOR. SIR:
Wotinell do you mean by "WILLKIE TO CON
TINUE •CURSADE'?" I thought the election was
over.
Sincerely,
Hill Close, 'II
'THE EDITOR. SIR:
Wotinell do you mean by "WILLKIE TO CON
TINUE •CURSADE'?" I thought the election was
over.
Sincerely,
Hill Close, 'II
'THE EDITOR. SIR:
Wotinell do you mean by "WILLKIE TO CON
TINUE •CURSADE'?" I thought the election was
over.
Sincerely,
Hill Close, 'II
