# TWO DAYSâ€”THREE EXTRAS
## 
### 
This is the third Daily Extra of
the weekend. The first, four pages,
covered men's rushing and was on
campus just before the basketball
game last night. The second was a
small handout issued at 1 a.m. this
morning, one hour and fifteen min
utes after the sorority pledging
penalties were announced.
V ,
Sorority pledging preceded frat
ernities' by two weeks last year.
This is the third Daily Extra of
the weekend. The first, four pages,
covered men's rushing and was on
campus just before the basketball
game last night. The second was a
small handout issued at 1 a.m. this
morning, one hour and fifteen min
utes after the sorority pledging
penalties were announced.
V ,
Sorority pledging preceded frat
ernities' by two weeks last year.
This is the third Daily Extra of
the weekend. The first, four pages,
covered men's rushing and was on
campus just before the basketball
game last night. The second was a
small handout issued at 1 a.m. this
morning, one hour and fifteen min
utes after the sorority pledging
penalties were announced.
V ,
Sorority pledging preceded frat
ernities' by two weeks last year.
This is the third Daily Extra of
the weekend. The first, four pages,
covered men's rushing and was on
campus just before the basketball
game last night. The second was a
small handout issued at 1 a.m. this
morning, one hour and fifteen min
utes after the sorority pledging
penalties were announced.
V ,
Sorority pledging preceded frat
ernities' by two weeks last year.
This is the third Daily Extra of
the weekend. The first, four pages,
covered men's rushing and was on
campus just before the basketball
game last night. The second was a
small handout issued at 1 a.m. this
morning, one hour and fifteen min
utes after the sorority pledging
penalties were announced.
V ,
Sorority pledging preceded frat
ernities' by two weeks last year.
This is the third Daily Extra of
the weekend. The first, four pages,
covered men's rushing and was on
campus just before the basketball
game last night. The second was a
small handout issued at 1 a.m. this
morning, one hour and fifteen min
utes after the sorority pledging
penalties were announced.
V ,
Sorority pledging preceded frat
ernities' by two weeks last year.
This is the third Daily Extra of
the weekend. The first, four pages,
covered men's rushing and was on
campus just before the basketball
game last night. The second was a
small handout issued at 1 a.m. this
morning, one hour and fifteen min
utes after the sorority pledging
penalties were announced.
V ,
Sorority pledging preceded frat
ernities' by two weeks last year.
This is the third Daily Extra of
the weekend. The first, four pages,
covered men's rushing and was on
campus just before the basketball
game last night. The second was a
small handout issued at 1 a.m. this
morning, one hour and fifteen min
utes after the sorority pledging
penalties were announced.
V ,
Sorority pledging preceded frat
ernities' by two weeks last year.
This is the third Daily Extra of
the weekend. The first, four pages,
covered men's rushing and was on
campus just before the basketball
game last night. The second was a
small handout issued at 1 a.m. this
morning, one hour and fifteen min
utes after the sorority pledging
penalties were announced.
V ,
Sorority pledging preceded frat
ernities' by two weeks last year.
This is the third Daily Extra of
the weekend. The first, four pages,
covered men's rushing and was on
campus just before the basketball
game last night. The second was a
small handout issued at 1 a.m. this
morning, one hour and fifteen min
utes after the sorority pledging
penalties were announced.
V ,
Sorority pledging preceded frat
ernities' by two weeks last year.
This is the third Daily Extra of
the weekend. The first, four pages,
covered men's rushing and was on
campus just before the basketball
game last night. The second was a
small handout issued at 1 a.m. this
morning, one hour and fifteen min
utes after the sorority pledging
penalties were announced.
V ,
Sorority pledging preceded frat
ernities' by two weeks last year.
This is the third Daily Extra of
the weekend. The first, four pages,
covered men's rushing and was on
campus just before the basketball
game last night. The second was a
small handout issued at 1 a.m. this
morning, one hour and fifteen min
utes after the sorority pledging
penalties were announced.
V ,
Sorority pledging preceded frat
ernities' by two weeks last year.
This is the third Daily Extra of
the weekend. The first, four pages,
covered men's rushing and was on
campus just before the basketball
game last night. The second was a
small handout issued at 1 a.m. this
morning, one hour and fifteen min
utes after the sorority pledging
penalties were announced.
V ,
Sorority pledging preceded frat
ernities' by two weeks last year.
This is the third Daily Extra of
the weekend. The first, four pages,
covered men's rushing and was on
campus just before the basketball
game last night. The second was a
small handout issued at 1 a.m. this
morning, one hour and fifteen min
utes after the sorority pledging
penalties were announced.
V ,
Sorority pledging preceded frat
ernities' by two weeks last year.
This is the third Daily Extra of
the weekend. The first, four pages,
covered men's rushing and was on
campus just before the basketball
game last night. The second was a
small handout issued at 1 a.m. this
morning, one hour and fifteen min
utes after the sorority pledging
penalties were announced.
V ,
Sorority pledging preceded frat
ernities' by two weeks last year.
This is the third Daily Extra of
the weekend. The first, four pages,
covered men's rushing and was on
campus just before the basketball
game last night. The second was a
small handout issued at 1 a.m. this
morning, one hour and fifteen min
utes after the sorority pledging
penalties were announced.
V ,
Sorority pledging preceded frat
ernities' by two weeks last year.
