# Hansel May Be Ready For Late Season Games
## 
### 
There is a slim chance that Tim
Hansel, star Stanford halfback,
will be ready for some of the
late season games. Hansel tore
some ligaments in his knee in
practice and was expected to be
out for the season. The doctors
have fitted him with a cast and
will wait two weeks to decide
whether or not to operate.
There is a slim chance that Tim
Hansel, star Stanford halfback,
will be ready for some of the
late season games. Hansel tore
some ligaments in his knee in
practice and was expected to be
out for the season. The doctors
have fitted him with a cast and
will wait two weeks to decide
whether or not to operate.
There is a slim chance that Tim
Hansel, star Stanford halfback,
will be ready for some of the
late season games. Hansel tore
some ligaments in his knee in
practice and was expected to be
out for the season. The doctors
have fitted him with a cast and
will wait two weeks to decide
whether or not to operate.
There is a slim chance that Tim
Hansel, star Stanford halfback,
will be ready for some of the
late season games. Hansel tore
some ligaments in his knee in
practice and was expected to be
out for the season. The doctors
have fitted him with a cast and
will wait two weeks to decide
whether or not to operate.
There is a slim chance that Tim
Hansel, star Stanford halfback,
will be ready for some of the
late season games. Hansel tore
some ligaments in his knee in
practice and was expected to be
out for the season. The doctors
have fitted him with a cast and
will wait two weeks to decide
whether or not to operate.
There is a slim chance that Tim
Hansel, star Stanford halfback,
will be ready for some of the
late season games. Hansel tore
some ligaments in his knee in
practice and was expected to be
out for the season. The doctors
have fitted him with a cast and
will wait two weeks to decide
whether or not to operate.
There is a slim chance that Tim
Hansel, star Stanford halfback,
will be ready for some of the
late season games. Hansel tore
some ligaments in his knee in
practice and was expected to be
out for the season. The doctors
have fitted him with a cast and
will wait two weeks to decide
whether or not to operate.
There is a slim chance that Tim
Hansel, star Stanford halfback,
will be ready for some of the
late season games. Hansel tore
some ligaments in his knee in
practice and was expected to be
out for the season. The doctors
have fitted him with a cast and
will wait two weeks to decide
whether or not to operate.
There is a slim chance that Tim
Hansel, star Stanford halfback,
will be ready for some of the
late season games. Hansel tore
some ligaments in his knee in
practice and was expected to be
out for the season. The doctors
have fitted him with a cast and
will wait two weeks to decide
whether or not to operate.
There is a slim chance that Tim
Hansel, star Stanford halfback,
will be ready for some of the
late season games. Hansel tore
some ligaments in his knee in
practice and was expected to be
out for the season. The doctors
have fitted him with a cast and
will wait two weeks to decide
whether or not to operate.
There is a slim chance that Tim
Hansel, star Stanford halfback,
will be ready for some of the
late season games. Hansel tore
some ligaments in his knee in
practice and was expected to be
out for the season. The doctors
have fitted him with a cast and
will wait two weeks to decide
whether or not to operate.
There is a slim chance that Tim
Hansel, star Stanford halfback,
will be ready for some of the
late season games. Hansel tore
some ligaments in his knee in
practice and was expected to be
out for the season. The doctors
have fitted him with a cast and
will wait two weeks to decide
whether or not to operate.
There is a slim chance that Tim
Hansel, star Stanford halfback,
will be ready for some of the
late season games. Hansel tore
some ligaments in his knee in
practice and was expected to be
out for the season. The doctors
have fitted him with a cast and
will wait two weeks to decide
whether or not to operate.
There is a slim chance that Tim
Hansel, star Stanford halfback,
will be ready for some of the
late season games. Hansel tore
some ligaments in his knee in
practice and was expected to be
out for the season. The doctors
have fitted him with a cast and
will wait two weeks to decide
whether or not to operate.
There is a slim chance that Tim
Hansel, star Stanford halfback,
will be ready for some of the
late season games. Hansel tore
some ligaments in his knee in
practice and was expected to be
out for the season. The doctors
have fitted him with a cast and
will wait two weeks to decide
whether or not to operate.
There is a slim chance that Tim
Hansel, star Stanford halfback,
will be ready for some of the
late season games. Hansel tore
some ligaments in his knee in
practice and was expected to be
out for the season. The doctors
have fitted him with a cast and
will wait two weeks to decide
whether or not to operate.
