# GRADUATE STUDENTS RECEIVE PLACES AS SCHOOL EXECUTIVES
## 
### 
Appointments of four graduate
students to executive positions in
California schools were announced
by the Appointment Office yester
day. The list includes Lester D.
Henderson, William Lloyd Roach,
Homer Martin, and C. R. Holbrook.
Henderson, who has been Com
missioner of Education in Alaska
for twelve years and editor of the
Alaska School Bulletin for eleven
years, has been appointed superin
tendent of the Berkeley elementary
schools. Roach is to be director of
research and psychology in San
Mateo Junior College. Holbrook
has already taken up his duties as
superintendent of schools in Stwita
Cruz: and Martin has been ap
pointed principal of secondary
schools in the San Mateo school
district.
Appointments of four graduate
students to executive positions in
California schools were announced
by the Appointment Office yester
day. The list includes Lester D.
Henderson, William Lloyd Roach,
Homer Martin, and C. R. Holbrook.
Henderson, who has been Com
missioner of Education in Alaska
for twelve years and editor of the
Alaska School Bulletin for eleven
years, has been appointed superin
tendent of the Berkeley elementary
schools. Roach is to be director of
research and psychology in San
Mateo Junior College. Holbrook
has already taken up his duties as
superintendent of schools in Stwita
Cruz: and Martin has been ap
pointed principal of secondary
schools in the San Mateo school
district.
Appointments of four graduate
students to executive positions in
California schools were announced
by the Appointment Office yester
day. The list includes Lester D.
Henderson, William Lloyd Roach,
Homer Martin, and C. R. Holbrook.
Henderson, who has been Com
missioner of Education in Alaska
for twelve years and editor of the
Alaska School Bulletin for eleven
years, has been appointed superin
tendent of the Berkeley elementary
schools. Roach is to be director of
research and psychology in San
Mateo Junior College. Holbrook
has already taken up his duties as
superintendent of schools in Stwita
Cruz: and Martin has been ap
pointed principal of secondary
schools in the San Mateo school
district.
Appointments of four graduate
students to executive positions in
California schools were announced
by the Appointment Office yester
day. The list includes Lester D.
Henderson, William Lloyd Roach,
Homer Martin, and C. R. Holbrook.
Henderson, who has been Com
missioner of Education in Alaska
for twelve years and editor of the
Alaska School Bulletin for eleven
years, has been appointed superin
tendent of the Berkeley elementary
schools. Roach is to be director of
research and psychology in San
Mateo Junior College. Holbrook
has already taken up his duties as
superintendent of schools in Stwita
Cruz: and Martin has been ap
pointed principal of secondary
schools in the San Mateo school
district.
Appointments of four graduate
students to executive positions in
California schools were announced
by the Appointment Office yester
day. The list includes Lester D.
Henderson, William Lloyd Roach,
Homer Martin, and C. R. Holbrook.
Henderson, who has been Com
missioner of Education in Alaska
for twelve years and editor of the
Alaska School Bulletin for eleven
years, has been appointed superin
tendent of the Berkeley elementary
schools. Roach is to be director of
research and psychology in San
Mateo Junior College. Holbrook
has already taken up his duties as
superintendent of schools in Stwita
Cruz: and Martin has been ap
pointed principal of secondary
schools in the San Mateo school
district.
Appointments of four graduate
students to executive positions in
California schools were announced
by the Appointment Office yester
day. The list includes Lester D.
Henderson, William Lloyd Roach,
Homer Martin, and C. R. Holbrook.
Henderson, who has been Com
missioner of Education in Alaska
for twelve years and editor of the
Alaska School Bulletin for eleven
years, has been appointed superin
tendent of the Berkeley elementary
schools. Roach is to be director of
research and psychology in San
Mateo Junior College. Holbrook
has already taken up his duties as
superintendent of schools in Stwita
Cruz: and Martin has been ap
pointed principal of secondary
schools in the San Mateo school
district.
Appointments of four graduate
students to executive positions in
California schools were announced
by the Appointment Office yester
day. The list includes Lester D.
Henderson, William Lloyd Roach,
Homer Martin, and C. R. Holbrook.
Henderson, who has been Com
missioner of Education in Alaska
for twelve years and editor of the
Alaska School Bulletin for eleven
years, has been appointed superin
tendent of the Berkeley elementary
schools. Roach is to be director of
research and psychology in San
Mateo Junior College. Holbrook
has already taken up his duties as
superintendent of schools in Stwita
Cruz: and Martin has been ap
pointed principal of secondary
schools in the San Mateo school
district.
Appointments of four graduate
students to executive positions in
California schools were announced
by the Appointment Office yester
day. The list includes Lester D.
Henderson, William Lloyd Roach,
Homer Martin, and C. R. Holbrook.
Henderson, who has been Com
missioner of Education in Alaska
for twelve years and editor of the
Alaska School Bulletin for eleven
years, has been appointed superin
tendent of the Berkeley elementary
schools. Roach is to be director of
research and psychology in San
Mateo Junior College. Holbrook
has already taken up his duties as
superintendent of schools in Stwita
Cruz: and Martin has been ap
pointed principal of secondary
schools in the San Mateo school
district.
Appointments of four graduate
students to executive positions in
California schools were announced
by the Appointment Office yester
day. The list includes Lester D.
Henderson, William Lloyd Roach,
Homer Martin, and C. R. Holbrook.
Henderson, who has been Com
missioner of Education in Alaska
for twelve years and editor of the
Alaska School Bulletin for eleven
years, has been appointed superin
tendent of the Berkeley elementary
schools. Roach is to be director of
research and psychology in San
Mateo Junior College. Holbrook
has already taken up his duties as
superintendent of schools in Stwita
Cruz: and Martin has been ap
pointed principal of secondary
schools in the San Mateo school
district.
Appointments of four graduate
students to executive positions in
California schools were announced
by the Appointment Office yester
day. The list includes Lester D.
Henderson, William Lloyd Roach,
Homer Martin, and C. R. Holbrook.
Henderson, who has been Com
missioner of Education in Alaska
for twelve years and editor of the
Alaska School Bulletin for eleven
years, has been appointed superin
tendent of the Berkeley elementary
schools. Roach is to be director of
research and psychology in San
Mateo Junior College. Holbrook
has already taken up his duties as
superintendent of schools in Stwita
Cruz: and Martin has been ap
pointed principal of secondary
schools in the San Mateo school
district.
Appointments of four graduate
students to executive positions in
California schools were announced
by the Appointment Office yester
day. The list includes Lester D.
Henderson, William Lloyd Roach,
Homer Martin, and C. R. Holbrook.
Henderson, who has been Com
missioner of Education in Alaska
for twelve years and editor of the
Alaska School Bulletin for eleven
years, has been appointed superin
tendent of the Berkeley elementary
schools. Roach is to be director of
research and psychology in San
Mateo Junior College. Holbrook
has already taken up his duties as
superintendent of schools in Stwita
Cruz: and Martin has been ap
pointed principal of secondary
schools in the San Mateo school
district.
Appointments of four graduate
students to executive positions in
California schools were announced
by the Appointment Office yester
day. The list includes Lester D.
Henderson, William Lloyd Roach,
Homer Martin, and C. R. Holbrook.
Henderson, who has been Com
missioner of Education in Alaska
for twelve years and editor of the
Alaska School Bulletin for eleven
years, has been appointed superin
tendent of the Berkeley elementary
schools. Roach is to be director of
research and psychology in San
Mateo Junior College. Holbrook
has already taken up his duties as
superintendent of schools in Stwita
Cruz: and Martin has been ap
pointed principal of secondary
schools in the San Mateo school
district.
Appointments of four graduate
students to executive positions in
California schools were announced
by the Appointment Office yester
day. The list includes Lester D.
Henderson, William Lloyd Roach,
Homer Martin, and C. R. Holbrook.
Henderson, who has been Com
missioner of Education in Alaska
for twelve years and editor of the
Alaska School Bulletin for eleven
years, has been appointed superin
tendent of the Berkeley elementary
schools. Roach is to be director of
research and psychology in San
Mateo Junior College. Holbrook
has already taken up his duties as
superintendent of schools in Stwita
Cruz: and Martin has been ap
pointed principal of secondary
schools in the San Mateo school
district.
Appointments of four graduate
students to executive positions in
California schools were announced
by the Appointment Office yester
day. The list includes Lester D.
Henderson, William Lloyd Roach,
Homer Martin, and C. R. Holbrook.
Henderson, who has been Com
missioner of Education in Alaska
for twelve years and editor of the
Alaska School Bulletin for eleven
years, has been appointed superin
tendent of the Berkeley elementary
schools. Roach is to be director of
research and psychology in San
Mateo Junior College. Holbrook
has already taken up his duties as
superintendent of schools in Stwita
Cruz: and Martin has been ap
pointed principal of secondary
schools in the San Mateo school
district.
