# CONGRESSMEN FACE HORESHOE BATTLE
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, May 28. (TP)—ln
"galluses" and shirt sleeves, mem
bers of the House repaired to a
back lot on Capitol Hill today to
limber up on their "barnyard golf,"
in preparation for a championship
horseshoe pitching contest with
senators and members of the "little
congress,"
The latter, made up of secretaries
and clerks, had the numerical ad
vantage but both legislative
branches have experienced and de
termined shoe-tossers.
WASHINGTON, May 28. (TP)—ln
"galluses" and shirt sleeves, mem
bers of the House repaired to a
back lot on Capitol Hill today to
limber up on their "barnyard golf,"
in preparation for a championship
horseshoe pitching contest with
senators and members of the "little
congress,"
The latter, made up of secretaries
and clerks, had the numerical ad
vantage but both legislative
branches have experienced and de
termined shoe-tossers.
WASHINGTON, May 28. (TP)—ln
"galluses" and shirt sleeves, mem
bers of the House repaired to a
back lot on Capitol Hill today to
limber up on their "barnyard golf,"
in preparation for a championship
horseshoe pitching contest with
senators and members of the "little
congress,"
The latter, made up of secretaries
and clerks, had the numerical ad
vantage but both legislative
branches have experienced and de
termined shoe-tossers.
WASHINGTON, May 28. (TP)—ln
"galluses" and shirt sleeves, mem
bers of the House repaired to a
back lot on Capitol Hill today to
limber up on their "barnyard golf,"
in preparation for a championship
horseshoe pitching contest with
senators and members of the "little
congress,"
The latter, made up of secretaries
and clerks, had the numerical ad
vantage but both legislative
branches have experienced and de
termined shoe-tossers.
WASHINGTON, May 28. (TP)—ln
"galluses" and shirt sleeves, mem
bers of the House repaired to a
back lot on Capitol Hill today to
limber up on their "barnyard golf,"
in preparation for a championship
horseshoe pitching contest with
senators and members of the "little
congress,"
The latter, made up of secretaries
and clerks, had the numerical ad
vantage but both legislative
branches have experienced and de
termined shoe-tossers.
WASHINGTON, May 28. (TP)—ln
"galluses" and shirt sleeves, mem
bers of the House repaired to a
back lot on Capitol Hill today to
limber up on their "barnyard golf,"
in preparation for a championship
horseshoe pitching contest with
senators and members of the "little
congress,"
The latter, made up of secretaries
and clerks, had the numerical ad
vantage but both legislative
branches have experienced and de
termined shoe-tossers.
WASHINGTON, May 28. (TP)—ln
"galluses" and shirt sleeves, mem
bers of the House repaired to a
back lot on Capitol Hill today to
limber up on their "barnyard golf,"
in preparation for a championship
horseshoe pitching contest with
senators and members of the "little
congress,"
The latter, made up of secretaries
and clerks, had the numerical ad
vantage but both legislative
branches have experienced and de
termined shoe-tossers.
WASHINGTON, May 28. (TP)—ln
"galluses" and shirt sleeves, mem
bers of the House repaired to a
back lot on Capitol Hill today to
limber up on their "barnyard golf,"
in preparation for a championship
horseshoe pitching contest with
senators and members of the "little
congress,"
The latter, made up of secretaries
and clerks, had the numerical ad
vantage but both legislative
branches have experienced and de
termined shoe-tossers.
WASHINGTON, May 28. (TP)—ln
"galluses" and shirt sleeves, mem
bers of the House repaired to a
back lot on Capitol Hill today to
limber up on their "barnyard golf,"
in preparation for a championship
horseshoe pitching contest with
senators and members of the "little
congress,"
The latter, made up of secretaries
and clerks, had the numerical ad
vantage but both legislative
branches have experienced and de
termined shoe-tossers.
WASHINGTON, May 28. (TP)—ln
"galluses" and shirt sleeves, mem
bers of the House repaired to a
back lot on Capitol Hill today to
limber up on their "barnyard golf,"
in preparation for a championship
horseshoe pitching contest with
senators and members of the "little
congress,"
The latter, made up of secretaries
and clerks, had the numerical ad
vantage but both legislative
branches have experienced and de
termined shoe-tossers.
WASHINGTON, May 28. (TP)—ln
"galluses" and shirt sleeves, mem
bers of the House repaired to a
back lot on Capitol Hill today to
limber up on their "barnyard golf,"
in preparation for a championship
horseshoe pitching contest with
senators and members of the "little
congress,"
The latter, made up of secretaries
and clerks, had the numerical ad
vantage but both legislative
branches have experienced and de
termined shoe-tossers.
WASHINGTON, May 28. (TP)—ln
"galluses" and shirt sleeves, mem
bers of the House repaired to a
back lot on Capitol Hill today to
limber up on their "barnyard golf,"
in preparation for a championship
horseshoe pitching contest with
senators and members of the "little
congress,"
The latter, made up of secretaries
and clerks, had the numerical ad
vantage but both legislative
branches have experienced and de
termined shoe-tossers.
WASHINGTON, May 28. (TP)—ln
"galluses" and shirt sleeves, mem
bers of the House repaired to a
back lot on Capitol Hill today to
limber up on their "barnyard golf,"
in preparation for a championship
horseshoe pitching contest with
senators and members of the "little
congress,"
The latter, made up of secretaries
and clerks, had the numerical ad
vantage but both legislative
branches have experienced and de
termined shoe-tossers.
WASHINGTON, May 28. (TP)—ln
"galluses" and shirt sleeves, mem
bers of the House repaired to a
back lot on Capitol Hill today to
limber up on their "barnyard golf,"
in preparation for a championship
horseshoe pitching contest with
senators and members of the "little
congress,"
The latter, made up of secretaries
and clerks, had the numerical ad
vantage but both legislative
branches have experienced and de
termined shoe-tossers.
