# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Two Gettysburg College freshmen
were arrested when missing
quarantine signs from the surround
ing community were found in their
rooms.
Two Gettysburg College freshmen
were arrested when missing
quarantine signs from the surround
ing community were found in their
rooms.
Two Gettysburg College freshmen
were arrested when missing
quarantine signs from the surround
ing community were found in their
rooms.
Two Gettysburg College freshmen
were arrested when missing
quarantine signs from the surround
ing community were found in their
rooms.
Two Gettysburg College freshmen
were arrested when missing
quarantine signs from the surround
ing community were found in their
rooms.
Two Gettysburg College freshmen
were arrested when missing
quarantine signs from the surround
ing community were found in their
rooms.
Two Gettysburg College freshmen
were arrested when missing
quarantine signs from the surround
ing community were found in their
rooms.
Two Gettysburg College freshmen
were arrested when missing
quarantine signs from the surround
ing community were found in their
rooms.
Two Gettysburg College freshmen
were arrested when missing
quarantine signs from the surround
ing community were found in their
rooms.
Two Gettysburg College freshmen
were arrested when missing
quarantine signs from the surround
ing community were found in their
rooms.
Two Gettysburg College freshmen
were arrested when missing
quarantine signs from the surround
ing community were found in their
rooms.
Two Gettysburg College freshmen
were arrested when missing
quarantine signs from the surround
ing community were found in their
rooms.
Two Gettysburg College freshmen
were arrested when missing
quarantine signs from the surround
ing community were found in their
rooms.
Two Gettysburg College freshmen
were arrested when missing
quarantine signs from the surround
ing community were found in their
rooms.
