# COAL ESTIMATE
## 
### 
NKW YORK, ay 28. (/Pi -The Na
lionai Cowl Association estimates
the production of bituminous coal
during the week ending May 21 at
8,300,000 net tons.
NKW YORK, ay 28. (/Pi -The Na
lionai Cowl Association estimates
the production of bituminous coal
during the week ending May 21 at
8,300,000 net tons.
NKW YORK, ay 28. (/Pi -The Na
lionai Cowl Association estimates
the production of bituminous coal
during the week ending May 21 at
8,300,000 net tons.
NKW YORK, ay 28. (/Pi -The Na
lionai Cowl Association estimates
the production of bituminous coal
during the week ending May 21 at
8,300,000 net tons.
NKW YORK, ay 28. (/Pi -The Na
lionai Cowl Association estimates
the production of bituminous coal
during the week ending May 21 at
8,300,000 net tons.
NKW YORK, ay 28. (/Pi -The Na
lionai Cowl Association estimates
the production of bituminous coal
during the week ending May 21 at
8,300,000 net tons.
NKW YORK, ay 28. (/Pi -The Na
lionai Cowl Association estimates
the production of bituminous coal
during the week ending May 21 at
8,300,000 net tons.
NKW YORK, ay 28. (/Pi -The Na
lionai Cowl Association estimates
the production of bituminous coal
during the week ending May 21 at
8,300,000 net tons.
NKW YORK, ay 28. (/Pi -The Na
lionai Cowl Association estimates
the production of bituminous coal
during the week ending May 21 at
8,300,000 net tons.
NKW YORK, ay 28. (/Pi -The Na
lionai Cowl Association estimates
the production of bituminous coal
during the week ending May 21 at
8,300,000 net tons.
NKW YORK, ay 28. (/Pi -The Na
lionai Cowl Association estimates
the production of bituminous coal
during the week ending May 21 at
8,300,000 net tons.
NKW YORK, ay 28. (/Pi -The Na
lionai Cowl Association estimates
the production of bituminous coal
during the week ending May 21 at
8,300,000 net tons.
NKW YORK, ay 28. (/Pi -The Na
lionai Cowl Association estimates
the production of bituminous coal
during the week ending May 21 at
8,300,000 net tons.
NKW YORK, ay 28. (/Pi -The Na
lionai Cowl Association estimates
the production of bituminous coal
during the week ending May 21 at
8,300,000 net tons.
