# CAP AND GOWN WILL INSTALL NEW HEADS
## 
### 
Cap and Gown, Senior Women's
Honorary Society, will hold its an
nual formal banquet Saturday eve
ning. May :U, in the main dining
room of the Union. All members are
asked to meet in the Women's
Clubhouse at •> o'clock.
There will be an installation of j
new officers and the new members !
will be introduced. The outgoing
and incoming presidents, Maxine
Cushing and Katlierine Keho, will
speak, and Doctor Mniley will sin.u
Cap and Gown, Senior Women's
Honorary Society, will hold its an
nual formal banquet Saturday eve
ning. May :U, in the main dining
room of the Union. All members are
asked to meet in the Women's
Clubhouse at •> o'clock.
There will be an installation of j
new officers and the new members !
will be introduced. The outgoing
and incoming presidents, Maxine
Cushing and Katlierine Keho, will
speak, and Doctor Mniley will sin.u
Cap and Gown, Senior Women's
Honorary Society, will hold its an
nual formal banquet Saturday eve
ning. May :U, in the main dining
room of the Union. All members are
asked to meet in the Women's
Clubhouse at •> o'clock.
There will be an installation of j
new officers and the new members !
will be introduced. The outgoing
and incoming presidents, Maxine
Cushing and Katlierine Keho, will
speak, and Doctor Mniley will sin.u
Cap and Gown, Senior Women's
Honorary Society, will hold its an
nual formal banquet Saturday eve
ning. May :U, in the main dining
room of the Union. All members are
asked to meet in the Women's
Clubhouse at •> o'clock.
There will be an installation of j
new officers and the new members !
will be introduced. The outgoing
and incoming presidents, Maxine
Cushing and Katlierine Keho, will
speak, and Doctor Mniley will sin.u
Cap and Gown, Senior Women's
Honorary Society, will hold its an
nual formal banquet Saturday eve
ning. May :U, in the main dining
room of the Union. All members are
asked to meet in the Women's
Clubhouse at •> o'clock.
There will be an installation of j
new officers and the new members !
will be introduced. The outgoing
and incoming presidents, Maxine
Cushing and Katlierine Keho, will
speak, and Doctor Mniley will sin.u
Cap and Gown, Senior Women's
Honorary Society, will hold its an
nual formal banquet Saturday eve
ning. May :U, in the main dining
room of the Union. All members are
asked to meet in the Women's
Clubhouse at •> o'clock.
There will be an installation of j
new officers and the new members !
will be introduced. The outgoing
and incoming presidents, Maxine
Cushing and Katlierine Keho, will
speak, and Doctor Mniley will sin.u
Cap and Gown, Senior Women's
Honorary Society, will hold its an
nual formal banquet Saturday eve
ning. May :U, in the main dining
room of the Union. All members are
asked to meet in the Women's
Clubhouse at •> o'clock.
There will be an installation of j
new officers and the new members !
will be introduced. The outgoing
and incoming presidents, Maxine
Cushing and Katlierine Keho, will
speak, and Doctor Mniley will sin.u
Cap and Gown, Senior Women's
Honorary Society, will hold its an
nual formal banquet Saturday eve
ning. May :U, in the main dining
room of the Union. All members are
asked to meet in the Women's
Clubhouse at •> o'clock.
There will be an installation of j
new officers and the new members !
will be introduced. The outgoing
and incoming presidents, Maxine
Cushing and Katlierine Keho, will
speak, and Doctor Mniley will sin.u
Cap and Gown, Senior Women's
Honorary Society, will hold its an
nual formal banquet Saturday eve
ning. May :U, in the main dining
room of the Union. All members are
asked to meet in the Women's
Clubhouse at •> o'clock.
There will be an installation of j
new officers and the new members !
will be introduced. The outgoing
and incoming presidents, Maxine
Cushing and Katlierine Keho, will
speak, and Doctor Mniley will sin.u
Cap and Gown, Senior Women's
Honorary Society, will hold its an
nual formal banquet Saturday eve
ning. May :U, in the main dining
room of the Union. All members are
asked to meet in the Women's
Clubhouse at •> o'clock.
There will be an installation of j
new officers and the new members !
will be introduced. The outgoing
and incoming presidents, Maxine
Cushing and Katlierine Keho, will
speak, and Doctor Mniley will sin.u
Cap and Gown, Senior Women's
Honorary Society, will hold its an
nual formal banquet Saturday eve
ning. May :U, in the main dining
room of the Union. All members are
asked to meet in the Women's
Clubhouse at •> o'clock.
There will be an installation of j
new officers and the new members !
will be introduced. The outgoing
and incoming presidents, Maxine
Cushing and Katlierine Keho, will
speak, and Doctor Mniley will sin.u
Cap and Gown, Senior Women's
Honorary Society, will hold its an
nual formal banquet Saturday eve
ning. May :U, in the main dining
room of the Union. All members are
asked to meet in the Women's
Clubhouse at •> o'clock.
There will be an installation of j
new officers and the new members !
will be introduced. The outgoing
and incoming presidents, Maxine
Cushing and Katlierine Keho, will
speak, and Doctor Mniley will sin.u
Cap and Gown, Senior Women's
Honorary Society, will hold its an
nual formal banquet Saturday eve
ning. May :U, in the main dining
room of the Union. All members are
asked to meet in the Women's
Clubhouse at •> o'clock.
There will be an installation of j
new officers and the new members !
will be introduced. The outgoing
and incoming presidents, Maxine
Cushing and Katlierine Keho, will
speak, and Doctor Mniley will sin.u
Cap and Gown, Senior Women's
Honorary Society, will hold its an
nual formal banquet Saturday eve
ning. May :U, in the main dining
room of the Union. All members are
asked to meet in the Women's
Clubhouse at •> o'clock.
There will be an installation of j
new officers and the new members !
will be introduced. The outgoing
and incoming presidents, Maxine
Cushing and Katlierine Keho, will
speak, and Doctor Mniley will sin.u
