# FIFTY-SIX HEARTS CHEERED
## 
### 
Fifty-six Stanford students yesterday were elected to Phi Kcta
Kappa, national honorary scholastic society known the world over
for its attainments.
Fifty-six hearts were cheercd when tlicv learned that official
recognition had been made of their efforts in academic and prc
curricular fields. Fight of the sf> are juniors who will be on the
< nmpus next year.
Whether or not these "I'hi T>etes," as they arc jestingly desig
nated. are mentally superior to the students who achieve no such
signal honors, is a matter which ha< always been argued. It is one
which probably will be argued as long as the present system of
grading exists.
1 lowever riotous the argument may became, it must be realized
that these 56 men and women received their coveted Phi F.eta Kappa
key after years of grinding work aided by good sense and deternii
nation. The results thev have accomplished are what count.
Fifty-six Stanford students yesterday were elected to Phi Kcta
Kappa, national honorary scholastic society known the world over
for its attainments.
Fifty-six hearts were cheercd when tlicv learned that official
recognition had been made of their efforts in academic and prc
curricular fields. Fight of the sf> are juniors who will be on the
< nmpus next year.
Whether or not these "I'hi T>etes," as they arc jestingly desig
nated. are mentally superior to the students who achieve no such
signal honors, is a matter which ha< always been argued. It is one
which probably will be argued as long as the present system of
grading exists.
1 lowever riotous the argument may became, it must be realized
that these 56 men and women received their coveted Phi F.eta Kappa
key after years of grinding work aided by good sense and deternii
nation. The results thev have accomplished are what count.
Fifty-six Stanford students yesterday were elected to Phi Kcta
Kappa, national honorary scholastic society known the world over
for its attainments.
Fifty-six hearts were cheercd when tlicv learned that official
recognition had been made of their efforts in academic and prc
curricular fields. Fight of the sf> are juniors who will be on the
< nmpus next year.
Whether or not these "I'hi T>etes," as they arc jestingly desig
nated. are mentally superior to the students who achieve no such
signal honors, is a matter which ha< always been argued. It is one
which probably will be argued as long as the present system of
grading exists.
1 lowever riotous the argument may became, it must be realized
that these 56 men and women received their coveted Phi F.eta Kappa
key after years of grinding work aided by good sense and deternii
nation. The results thev have accomplished are what count.
Fifty-six Stanford students yesterday were elected to Phi Kcta
Kappa, national honorary scholastic society known the world over
for its attainments.
Fifty-six hearts were cheercd when tlicv learned that official
recognition had been made of their efforts in academic and prc
curricular fields. Fight of the sf> are juniors who will be on the
< nmpus next year.
Whether or not these "I'hi T>etes," as they arc jestingly desig
nated. are mentally superior to the students who achieve no such
signal honors, is a matter which ha< always been argued. It is one
which probably will be argued as long as the present system of
grading exists.
1 lowever riotous the argument may became, it must be realized
that these 56 men and women received their coveted Phi F.eta Kappa
key after years of grinding work aided by good sense and deternii
nation. The results thev have accomplished are what count.
Fifty-six Stanford students yesterday were elected to Phi Kcta
Kappa, national honorary scholastic society known the world over
for its attainments.
Fifty-six hearts were cheercd when tlicv learned that official
recognition had been made of their efforts in academic and prc
curricular fields. Fight of the sf> are juniors who will be on the
< nmpus next year.
Whether or not these "I'hi T>etes," as they arc jestingly desig
nated. are mentally superior to the students who achieve no such
signal honors, is a matter which ha< always been argued. It is one
which probably will be argued as long as the present system of
grading exists.
1 lowever riotous the argument may became, it must be realized
that these 56 men and women received their coveted Phi F.eta Kappa
key after years of grinding work aided by good sense and deternii
nation. The results thev have accomplished are what count.
Fifty-six Stanford students yesterday were elected to Phi Kcta
Kappa, national honorary scholastic society known the world over
for its attainments.
Fifty-six hearts were cheercd when tlicv learned that official
recognition had been made of their efforts in academic and prc
curricular fields. Fight of the sf> are juniors who will be on the
< nmpus next year.
Whether or not these "I'hi T>etes," as they arc jestingly desig
nated. are mentally superior to the students who achieve no such
signal honors, is a matter which ha< always been argued. It is one
which probably will be argued as long as the present system of
grading exists.
1 lowever riotous the argument may became, it must be realized
that these 56 men and women received their coveted Phi F.eta Kappa
key after years of grinding work aided by good sense and deternii
nation. The results thev have accomplished are what count.
Fifty-six Stanford students yesterday were elected to Phi Kcta
Kappa, national honorary scholastic society known the world over
for its attainments.
Fifty-six hearts were cheercd when tlicv learned that official
recognition had been made of their efforts in academic and prc
curricular fields. Fight of the sf> are juniors who will be on the
< nmpus next year.
Whether or not these "I'hi T>etes," as they arc jestingly desig
nated. are mentally superior to the students who achieve no such
signal honors, is a matter which ha< always been argued. It is one
which probably will be argued as long as the present system of
grading exists.
1 lowever riotous the argument may became, it must be realized
that these 56 men and women received their coveted Phi F.eta Kappa
key after years of grinding work aided by good sense and deternii
nation. The results thev have accomplished are what count.
Fifty-six Stanford students yesterday were elected to Phi Kcta
Kappa, national honorary scholastic society known the world over
for its attainments.
Fifty-six hearts were cheercd when tlicv learned that official
recognition had been made of their efforts in academic and prc
curricular fields. Fight of the sf> are juniors who will be on the
< nmpus next year.
Whether or not these "I'hi T>etes," as they arc jestingly desig
nated. are mentally superior to the students who achieve no such
signal honors, is a matter which ha< always been argued. It is one
which probably will be argued as long as the present system of
grading exists.
1 lowever riotous the argument may became, it must be realized
that these 56 men and women received their coveted Phi F.eta Kappa
key after years of grinding work aided by good sense and deternii
nation. The results thev have accomplished are what count.
Fifty-six Stanford students yesterday were elected to Phi Kcta
Kappa, national honorary scholastic society known the world over
for its attainments.
Fifty-six hearts were cheercd when tlicv learned that official
recognition had been made of their efforts in academic and prc
curricular fields. Fight of the sf> are juniors who will be on the
< nmpus next year.
Whether or not these "I'hi T>etes," as they arc jestingly desig
nated. are mentally superior to the students who achieve no such
signal honors, is a matter which ha< always been argued. It is one
which probably will be argued as long as the present system of
grading exists.
1 lowever riotous the argument may became, it must be realized
that these 56 men and women received their coveted Phi F.eta Kappa
key after years of grinding work aided by good sense and deternii
nation. The results thev have accomplished are what count.
Fifty-six Stanford students yesterday were elected to Phi Kcta
Kappa, national honorary scholastic society known the world over
for its attainments.
Fifty-six hearts were cheercd when tlicv learned that official
recognition had been made of their efforts in academic and prc
curricular fields. Fight of the sf> are juniors who will be on the
< nmpus next year.
Whether or not these "I'hi T>etes," as they arc jestingly desig
nated. are mentally superior to the students who achieve no such
signal honors, is a matter which ha< always been argued. It is one
which probably will be argued as long as the present system of
grading exists.
1 lowever riotous the argument may became, it must be realized
that these 56 men and women received their coveted Phi F.eta Kappa
key after years of grinding work aided by good sense and deternii
nation. The results thev have accomplished are what count.
Fifty-six Stanford students yesterday were elected to Phi Kcta
Kappa, national honorary scholastic society known the world over
for its attainments.
Fifty-six hearts were cheercd when tlicv learned that official
recognition had been made of their efforts in academic and prc
curricular fields. Fight of the sf> are juniors who will be on the
< nmpus next year.
Whether or not these "I'hi T>etes," as they arc jestingly desig
nated. are mentally superior to the students who achieve no such
signal honors, is a matter which ha< always been argued. It is one
which probably will be argued as long as the present system of
grading exists.
1 lowever riotous the argument may became, it must be realized
that these 56 men and women received their coveted Phi F.eta Kappa
key after years of grinding work aided by good sense and deternii
nation. The results thev have accomplished are what count.
Fifty-six Stanford students yesterday were elected to Phi Kcta
Kappa, national honorary scholastic society known the world over
for its attainments.
Fifty-six hearts were cheercd when tlicv learned that official
recognition had been made of their efforts in academic and prc
curricular fields. Fight of the sf> are juniors who will be on the
< nmpus next year.
Whether or not these "I'hi T>etes," as they arc jestingly desig
nated. are mentally superior to the students who achieve no such
signal honors, is a matter which ha< always been argued. It is one
which probably will be argued as long as the present system of
grading exists.
1 lowever riotous the argument may became, it must be realized
that these 56 men and women received their coveted Phi F.eta Kappa
key after years of grinding work aided by good sense and deternii
nation. The results thev have accomplished are what count.
Fifty-six Stanford students yesterday were elected to Phi Kcta
Kappa, national honorary scholastic society known the world over
for its attainments.
Fifty-six hearts were cheercd when tlicv learned that official
recognition had been made of their efforts in academic and prc
curricular fields. Fight of the sf> are juniors who will be on the
< nmpus next year.
Whether or not these "I'hi T>etes," as they arc jestingly desig
nated. are mentally superior to the students who achieve no such
signal honors, is a matter which ha< always been argued. It is one
which probably will be argued as long as the present system of
grading exists.
1 lowever riotous the argument may became, it must be realized
that these 56 men and women received their coveted Phi F.eta Kappa
key after years of grinding work aided by good sense and deternii
nation. The results thev have accomplished are what count.
Fifty-six Stanford students yesterday were elected to Phi Kcta
Kappa, national honorary scholastic society known the world over
for its attainments.
Fifty-six hearts were cheercd when tlicv learned that official
recognition had been made of their efforts in academic and prc
curricular fields. Fight of the sf> are juniors who will be on the
< nmpus next year.
Whether or not these "I'hi T>etes," as they arc jestingly desig
nated. are mentally superior to the students who achieve no such
signal honors, is a matter which ha< always been argued. It is one
which probably will be argued as long as the present system of
grading exists.
1 lowever riotous the argument may became, it must be realized
that these 56 men and women received their coveted Phi F.eta Kappa
key after years of grinding work aided by good sense and deternii
nation. The results thev have accomplished are what count.
