# Davis After Victory
## 
### 

Associated Press I'/ioto
Secretary of Labor James J. Davis
shown when he arrived in Wash
ington after winning the republi
can senatorial nomination in Penn
sylvania primary,

Associated Press I'/ioto
Secretary of Labor James J. Davis
shown when he arrived in Wash
ington after winning the republi
can senatorial nomination in Penn
sylvania primary,

Associated Press I'/ioto
Secretary of Labor James J. Davis
shown when he arrived in Wash
ington after winning the republi
can senatorial nomination in Penn
sylvania primary,

Associated Press I'/ioto
Secretary of Labor James J. Davis
shown when he arrived in Wash
ington after winning the republi
can senatorial nomination in Penn
sylvania primary,

Associated Press I'/ioto
Secretary of Labor James J. Davis
shown when he arrived in Wash
ington after winning the republi
can senatorial nomination in Penn
sylvania primary,

Associated Press I'/ioto
Secretary of Labor James J. Davis
shown when he arrived in Wash
ington after winning the republi
can senatorial nomination in Penn
sylvania primary,

Associated Press I'/ioto
Secretary of Labor James J. Davis
shown when he arrived in Wash
ington after winning the republi
can senatorial nomination in Penn
sylvania primary,

Associated Press I'/ioto
Secretary of Labor James J. Davis
shown when he arrived in Wash
ington after winning the republi
can senatorial nomination in Penn
sylvania primary,

Associated Press I'/ioto
Secretary of Labor James J. Davis
shown when he arrived in Wash
ington after winning the republi
can senatorial nomination in Penn
sylvania primary,

Associated Press I'/ioto
Secretary of Labor James J. Davis
shown when he arrived in Wash
ington after winning the republi
can senatorial nomination in Penn
sylvania primary,

Associated Press I'/ioto
Secretary of Labor James J. Davis
shown when he arrived in Wash
ington after winning the republi
can senatorial nomination in Penn
sylvania primary,

Associated Press I'/ioto
Secretary of Labor James J. Davis
shown when he arrived in Wash
ington after winning the republi
can senatorial nomination in Penn
sylvania primary,

Associated Press I'/ioto
Secretary of Labor James J. Davis
shown when he arrived in Wash
ington after winning the republi
can senatorial nomination in Penn
sylvania primary,

Associated Press I'/ioto
Secretary of Labor James J. Davis
shown when he arrived in Wash
ington after winning the republi
can senatorial nomination in Penn
sylvania primary,
