# HELEN JACOBS WINS
## 
### 
AI'THUIL. Fiance, May 28. {IP)—
11«■ 1 Jacobs of Berkeley, Calif.,
became the first woman to reach
the quarter finals of the French
tennis championships in singles to
day, defeating Mile. Anna Payol,
ranking No. 1 star of Switzerland,
at 6-0, (1-2.
AI'THUIL. Fiance, May 28. {IP)—
11«■ 1 Jacobs of Berkeley, Calif.,
became the first woman to reach
the quarter finals of the French
tennis championships in singles to
day, defeating Mile. Anna Payol,
ranking No. 1 star of Switzerland,
at 6-0, (1-2.
AI'THUIL. Fiance, May 28. {IP)—
11«■ 1 Jacobs of Berkeley, Calif.,
became the first woman to reach
the quarter finals of the French
tennis championships in singles to
day, defeating Mile. Anna Payol,
ranking No. 1 star of Switzerland,
at 6-0, (1-2.
AI'THUIL. Fiance, May 28. {IP)—
11«■ 1 Jacobs of Berkeley, Calif.,
became the first woman to reach
the quarter finals of the French
tennis championships in singles to
day, defeating Mile. Anna Payol,
ranking No. 1 star of Switzerland,
at 6-0, (1-2.
AI'THUIL. Fiance, May 28. {IP)—
11«■ 1 Jacobs of Berkeley, Calif.,
became the first woman to reach
the quarter finals of the French
tennis championships in singles to
day, defeating Mile. Anna Payol,
ranking No. 1 star of Switzerland,
at 6-0, (1-2.
AI'THUIL. Fiance, May 28. {IP)—
11«■ 1 Jacobs of Berkeley, Calif.,
became the first woman to reach
the quarter finals of the French
tennis championships in singles to
day, defeating Mile. Anna Payol,
ranking No. 1 star of Switzerland,
at 6-0, (1-2.
AI'THUIL. Fiance, May 28. {IP)—
11«■ 1 Jacobs of Berkeley, Calif.,
became the first woman to reach
the quarter finals of the French
tennis championships in singles to
day, defeating Mile. Anna Payol,
ranking No. 1 star of Switzerland,
at 6-0, (1-2.
AI'THUIL. Fiance, May 28. {IP)—
11«■ 1 Jacobs of Berkeley, Calif.,
became the first woman to reach
the quarter finals of the French
tennis championships in singles to
day, defeating Mile. Anna Payol,
ranking No. 1 star of Switzerland,
at 6-0, (1-2.
AI'THUIL. Fiance, May 28. {IP)—
11«■ 1 Jacobs of Berkeley, Calif.,
became the first woman to reach
the quarter finals of the French
tennis championships in singles to
day, defeating Mile. Anna Payol,
ranking No. 1 star of Switzerland,
at 6-0, (1-2.
AI'THUIL. Fiance, May 28. {IP)—
11«■ 1 Jacobs of Berkeley, Calif.,
became the first woman to reach
the quarter finals of the French
tennis championships in singles to
day, defeating Mile. Anna Payol,
ranking No. 1 star of Switzerland,
at 6-0, (1-2.
AI'THUIL. Fiance, May 28. {IP)—
11«■ 1 Jacobs of Berkeley, Calif.,
became the first woman to reach
the quarter finals of the French
tennis championships in singles to
day, defeating Mile. Anna Payol,
ranking No. 1 star of Switzerland,
at 6-0, (1-2.
AI'THUIL. Fiance, May 28. {IP)—
11«■ 1 Jacobs of Berkeley, Calif.,
became the first woman to reach
the quarter finals of the French
tennis championships in singles to
day, defeating Mile. Anna Payol,
ranking No. 1 star of Switzerland,
at 6-0, (1-2.
AI'THUIL. Fiance, May 28. {IP)—
11«■ 1 Jacobs of Berkeley, Calif.,
became the first woman to reach
the quarter finals of the French
tennis championships in singles to
day, defeating Mile. Anna Payol,
ranking No. 1 star of Switzerland,
at 6-0, (1-2.
AI'THUIL. Fiance, May 28. {IP)—
11«■ 1 Jacobs of Berkeley, Calif.,
became the first woman to reach
the quarter finals of the French
tennis championships in singles to
day, defeating Mile. Anna Payol,
ranking No. 1 star of Switzerland,
at 6-0, (1-2.
