# Adv. 39 Page 11
## 
### 
WANTED
HEALTHY MEN
Qualified sperm donors
can earn up to $ 120/ week
CALIFORNIA CRYOBANK
Call for more information
324-1900 M l 8 SPM
PMS? Women's Wellness Clinic,
Stanford Univ needs women * 24
years old for study of investiga
tional medication to treat PMS.
Free mod exam and study med
ication or placebo. Dr. Ellie
Williams 415 725 2528 or Morgan
415-498-5628.
Sculptor stH'ks delicate women to
pose in a pleasant setting at
il2/lu. Send handwriten request
w/photo to Poses, P.O. Box 9804
Stanford. CA 94109
THIS
Could
be
Your Ad!
Place an ad by
phone, fax,
e-mail, mail, or
an office visit!
Details are
listed above.
For info about
advertising in
the Stanford
Daily Classifieds,
call (415)
723-2555
ext3o2
WANTED
HEALTHY MEN
Qualified sperm donors
can earn up to $ 120/ week
CALIFORNIA CRYOBANK
Call for more information
324-1900 M l 8 SPM
PMS? Women's Wellness Clinic,
Stanford Univ needs women * 24
years old for study of investiga
tional medication to treat PMS.
Free mod exam and study med
ication or placebo. Dr. Ellie
Williams 415 725 2528 or Morgan
415-498-5628.
Sculptor stH'ks delicate women to
pose in a pleasant setting at
il2/lu. Send handwriten request
w/photo to Poses, P.O. Box 9804
Stanford. CA 94109
THIS
Could
be
Your Ad!
Place an ad by
phone, fax,
e-mail, mail, or
an office visit!
Details are
listed above.
For info about
advertising in
the Stanford
Daily Classifieds,
call (415)
723-2555
ext3o2
WANTED
HEALTHY MEN
Qualified sperm donors
can earn up to $ 120/ week
CALIFORNIA CRYOBANK
Call for more information
324-1900 M l 8 SPM
PMS? Women's Wellness Clinic,
Stanford Univ needs women * 24
years old for study of investiga
tional medication to treat PMS.
Free mod exam and study med
ication or placebo. Dr. Ellie
Williams 415 725 2528 or Morgan
415-498-5628.
Sculptor stH'ks delicate women to
pose in a pleasant setting at
il2/lu. Send handwriten request
w/photo to Poses, P.O. Box 9804
Stanford. CA 94109
THIS
Could
be
Your Ad!
Place an ad by
phone, fax,
e-mail, mail, or
an office visit!
Details are
listed above.
For info about
advertising in
the Stanford
Daily Classifieds,
call (415)
723-2555
ext3o2
WANTED
HEALTHY MEN
Qualified sperm donors
can earn up to $ 120/ week
CALIFORNIA CRYOBANK
Call for more information
324-1900 M l 8 SPM
PMS? Women's Wellness Clinic,
Stanford Univ needs women * 24
years old for study of investiga
tional medication to treat PMS.
Free mod exam and study med
ication or placebo. Dr. Ellie
Williams 415 725 2528 or Morgan
415-498-5628.
Sculptor stH'ks delicate women to
pose in a pleasant setting at
il2/lu. Send handwriten request
w/photo to Poses, P.O. Box 9804
Stanford. CA 94109
THIS
Could
be
Your Ad!
Place an ad by
phone, fax,
e-mail, mail, or
an office visit!
Details are
listed above.
For info about
advertising in
the Stanford
Daily Classifieds,
call (415)
723-2555
ext3o2
