# BASKETBALL TICKETS
## 
### 
Tickets for the benefit bas
ketball game arc on sale at the
A.S.S.U. office, and will be sold
at the door tonight. Price is 50
cents, and student body cards
need not be presented. All pro
ceeds go to the Convalescent
Home.
Tickets for the benefit bas
ketball game arc on sale at the
A.S.S.U. office, and will be sold
at the door tonight. Price is 50
cents, and student body cards
need not be presented. All pro
ceeds go to the Convalescent
Home.
Tickets for the benefit bas
ketball game arc on sale at the
A.S.S.U. office, and will be sold
at the door tonight. Price is 50
cents, and student body cards
need not be presented. All pro
ceeds go to the Convalescent
Home.
Tickets for the benefit bas
ketball game arc on sale at the
A.S.S.U. office, and will be sold
at the door tonight. Price is 50
cents, and student body cards
need not be presented. All pro
ceeds go to the Convalescent
Home.
Tickets for the benefit bas
ketball game arc on sale at the
A.S.S.U. office, and will be sold
at the door tonight. Price is 50
cents, and student body cards
need not be presented. All pro
ceeds go to the Convalescent
Home.
Tickets for the benefit bas
ketball game arc on sale at the
A.S.S.U. office, and will be sold
at the door tonight. Price is 50
cents, and student body cards
need not be presented. All pro
ceeds go to the Convalescent
Home.
Tickets for the benefit bas
ketball game arc on sale at the
A.S.S.U. office, and will be sold
at the door tonight. Price is 50
cents, and student body cards
need not be presented. All pro
ceeds go to the Convalescent
Home.
Tickets for the benefit bas
ketball game arc on sale at the
A.S.S.U. office, and will be sold
at the door tonight. Price is 50
cents, and student body cards
need not be presented. All pro
ceeds go to the Convalescent
Home.
Tickets for the benefit bas
ketball game arc on sale at the
A.S.S.U. office, and will be sold
at the door tonight. Price is 50
cents, and student body cards
need not be presented. All pro
ceeds go to the Convalescent
Home.
Tickets for the benefit bas
ketball game arc on sale at the
A.S.S.U. office, and will be sold
at the door tonight. Price is 50
cents, and student body cards
need not be presented. All pro
ceeds go to the Convalescent
Home.
Tickets for the benefit bas
ketball game arc on sale at the
A.S.S.U. office, and will be sold
at the door tonight. Price is 50
cents, and student body cards
need not be presented. All pro
ceeds go to the Convalescent
Home.
Tickets for the benefit bas
ketball game arc on sale at the
A.S.S.U. office, and will be sold
at the door tonight. Price is 50
cents, and student body cards
need not be presented. All pro
ceeds go to the Convalescent
Home.
Tickets for the benefit bas
ketball game arc on sale at the
A.S.S.U. office, and will be sold
at the door tonight. Price is 50
cents, and student body cards
need not be presented. All pro
ceeds go to the Convalescent
Home.
Tickets for the benefit bas
ketball game arc on sale at the
A.S.S.U. office, and will be sold
at the door tonight. Price is 50
cents, and student body cards
need not be presented. All pro
ceeds go to the Convalescent
Home.
Tickets for the benefit bas
ketball game arc on sale at the
A.S.S.U. office, and will be sold
at the door tonight. Price is 50
cents, and student body cards
need not be presented. All pro
ceeds go to the Convalescent
Home.
