# Spat at Zapata
## Review raises ire of residents 
### Burt Herman Editorial staff 
A heated debate eventually re
quiring police intervention over
distribution of The Stanford Re
view erupted in Casa Zapata ear
lier this week.
The Review staff may pursue
action against Resident Fellow
Tony Burciaga through either
University or California judicial
processes, or both, if it can be de
termined that Burciaga violated
any regulations or laws, Review
staff writer Ed Malone said last
night.
The conflict first arose when
three Review staff members at
tempted to distribute copies of
the newspaper under individual
students' doors Monday evening.
But residents of the house op
posed the actions of the Review
staff members, claiming that the
distribution was against dorm
policy.
Zapata is a flier-free dorm,
