# Alumni Wed
## 
### 
Bonita Clarke, '23, and Frank Jop
son, '23, both of San Jose, were mar
ried this summer. Mrs. Jopson is a
member of Roble club. Jopson belongs
to Alpha Sigma Phi.
Bonita Clarke, '23, and Frank Jop
son, '23, both of San Jose, were mar
ried this summer. Mrs. Jopson is a
member of Roble club. Jopson belongs
to Alpha Sigma Phi.
Bonita Clarke, '23, and Frank Jop
son, '23, both of San Jose, were mar
ried this summer. Mrs. Jopson is a
member of Roble club. Jopson belongs
to Alpha Sigma Phi.
Bonita Clarke, '23, and Frank Jop
son, '23, both of San Jose, were mar
ried this summer. Mrs. Jopson is a
member of Roble club. Jopson belongs
to Alpha Sigma Phi.
Bonita Clarke, '23, and Frank Jop
son, '23, both of San Jose, were mar
ried this summer. Mrs. Jopson is a
member of Roble club. Jopson belongs
to Alpha Sigma Phi.
Bonita Clarke, '23, and Frank Jop
son, '23, both of San Jose, were mar
ried this summer. Mrs. Jopson is a
member of Roble club. Jopson belongs
to Alpha Sigma Phi.
Bonita Clarke, '23, and Frank Jop
son, '23, both of San Jose, were mar
ried this summer. Mrs. Jopson is a
member of Roble club. Jopson belongs
to Alpha Sigma Phi.
Bonita Clarke, '23, and Frank Jop
son, '23, both of San Jose, were mar
ried this summer. Mrs. Jopson is a
member of Roble club. Jopson belongs
to Alpha Sigma Phi.
Bonita Clarke, '23, and Frank Jop
son, '23, both of San Jose, were mar
ried this summer. Mrs. Jopson is a
member of Roble club. Jopson belongs
to Alpha Sigma Phi.
Bonita Clarke, '23, and Frank Jop
son, '23, both of San Jose, were mar
ried this summer. Mrs. Jopson is a
member of Roble club. Jopson belongs
to Alpha Sigma Phi.
Bonita Clarke, '23, and Frank Jop
son, '23, both of San Jose, were mar
ried this summer. Mrs. Jopson is a
member of Roble club. Jopson belongs
to Alpha Sigma Phi.
Bonita Clarke, '23, and Frank Jop
son, '23, both of San Jose, were mar
ried this summer. Mrs. Jopson is a
member of Roble club. Jopson belongs
to Alpha Sigma Phi.
Bonita Clarke, '23, and Frank Jop
son, '23, both of San Jose, were mar
ried this summer. Mrs. Jopson is a
member of Roble club. Jopson belongs
to Alpha Sigma Phi.
Bonita Clarke, '23, and Frank Jop
son, '23, both of San Jose, were mar
ried this summer. Mrs. Jopson is a
member of Roble club. Jopson belongs
to Alpha Sigma Phi.
Bonita Clarke, '23, and Frank Jop
son, '23, both of San Jose, were mar
ried this summer. Mrs. Jopson is a
member of Roble club. Jopson belongs
to Alpha Sigma Phi.
