# PALO ALTO NOTES
## 
### 
City Planning Commission Elects.
Councilman C. P. Cooley has been
elected president of the newly formed
Palo Alto city planning commission.
The first definite work to he under
taken hy the new hody will he the
improvement of the entrance to Palo
Alto from the state highway. Fol
lowing this, steps will he taken to
ward the heautification of the remain
ing part of the twenty-five acres
owned hy the city along the creek and
in the Harms tract.
Hostel Hoarders Increase.
So rapidly are the hoarders increas
ing at Ihe Hostel, the municipal hoho
hotel run hy the city of Palo Alto,
that Chief of Police C. F. Noble begins
to fear that additional buildings will
have to he constructed to house the
inmates. The guests are paying their
hoard bills by hours of work each
day, planting potatoes, chopping wood,
etc.
City Planning Commission Elects.
Councilman C. P. Cooley has been
elected president of the newly formed
Palo Alto city planning commission.
The first definite work to he under
taken hy the new hody will he the
improvement of the entrance to Palo
Alto from the state highway. Fol
lowing this, steps will he taken to
ward the heautification of the remain
ing part of the twenty-five acres
owned hy the city along the creek and
in the Harms tract.
Hostel Hoarders Increase.
So rapidly are the hoarders increas
ing at Ihe Hostel, the municipal hoho
hotel run hy the city of Palo Alto,
that Chief of Police C. F. Noble begins
to fear that additional buildings will
have to he constructed to house the
inmates. The guests are paying their
hoard bills by hours of work each
day, planting potatoes, chopping wood,
etc.
City Planning Commission Elects.
Councilman C. P. Cooley has been
elected president of the newly formed
Palo Alto city planning commission.
The first definite work to he under
taken hy the new hody will he the
improvement of the entrance to Palo
Alto from the state highway. Fol
lowing this, steps will he taken to
ward the heautification of the remain
ing part of the twenty-five acres
owned hy the city along the creek and
in the Harms tract.
Hostel Hoarders Increase.
So rapidly are the hoarders increas
ing at Ihe Hostel, the municipal hoho
hotel run hy the city of Palo Alto,
that Chief of Police C. F. Noble begins
to fear that additional buildings will
have to he constructed to house the
inmates. The guests are paying their
hoard bills by hours of work each
day, planting potatoes, chopping wood,
etc.
City Planning Commission Elects.
Councilman C. P. Cooley has been
elected president of the newly formed
Palo Alto city planning commission.
The first definite work to he under
taken hy the new hody will he the
improvement of the entrance to Palo
Alto from the state highway. Fol
lowing this, steps will he taken to
ward the heautification of the remain
ing part of the twenty-five acres
owned hy the city along the creek and
in the Harms tract.
Hostel Hoarders Increase.
So rapidly are the hoarders increas
ing at Ihe Hostel, the municipal hoho
hotel run hy the city of Palo Alto,
that Chief of Police C. F. Noble begins
to fear that additional buildings will
have to he constructed to house the
inmates. The guests are paying their
hoard bills by hours of work each
day, planting potatoes, chopping wood,
etc.
City Planning Commission Elects.
Councilman C. P. Cooley has been
elected president of the newly formed
Palo Alto city planning commission.
The first definite work to he under
taken hy the new hody will he the
improvement of the entrance to Palo
Alto from the state highway. Fol
lowing this, steps will he taken to
ward the heautification of the remain
ing part of the twenty-five acres
owned hy the city along the creek and
in the Harms tract.
Hostel Hoarders Increase.
So rapidly are the hoarders increas
ing at Ihe Hostel, the municipal hoho
hotel run hy the city of Palo Alto,
that Chief of Police C. F. Noble begins
to fear that additional buildings will
have to he constructed to house the
inmates. The guests are paying their
hoard bills by hours of work each
day, planting potatoes, chopping wood,
etc.
City Planning Commission Elects.
Councilman C. P. Cooley has been
elected president of the newly formed
Palo Alto city planning commission.
The first definite work to he under
taken hy the new hody will he the
improvement of the entrance to Palo
Alto from the state highway. Fol
lowing this, steps will he taken to
ward the heautification of the remain
ing part of the twenty-five acres
owned hy the city along the creek and
in the Harms tract.
Hostel Hoarders Increase.
So rapidly are the hoarders increas
ing at Ihe Hostel, the municipal hoho
hotel run hy the city of Palo Alto,
that Chief of Police C. F. Noble begins
to fear that additional buildings will
have to he constructed to house the
inmates. The guests are paying their
hoard bills by hours of work each
day, planting potatoes, chopping wood,
etc.
City Planning Commission Elects.
Councilman C. P. Cooley has been
elected president of the newly formed
Palo Alto city planning commission.
The first definite work to he under
taken hy the new hody will he the
improvement of the entrance to Palo
Alto from the state highway. Fol
lowing this, steps will he taken to
ward the heautification of the remain
ing part of the twenty-five acres
owned hy the city along the creek and
in the Harms tract.
Hostel Hoarders Increase.
So rapidly are the hoarders increas
ing at Ihe Hostel, the municipal hoho
hotel run hy the city of Palo Alto,
that Chief of Police C. F. Noble begins
to fear that additional buildings will
have to he constructed to house the
inmates. The guests are paying their
hoard bills by hours of work each
day, planting potatoes, chopping wood,
etc.
City Planning Commission Elects.
Councilman C. P. Cooley has been
elected president of the newly formed
Palo Alto city planning commission.
The first definite work to he under
taken hy the new hody will he the
improvement of the entrance to Palo
Alto from the state highway. Fol
lowing this, steps will he taken to
ward the heautification of the remain
ing part of the twenty-five acres
owned hy the city along the creek and
in the Harms tract.
Hostel Hoarders Increase.
So rapidly are the hoarders increas
ing at Ihe Hostel, the municipal hoho
hotel run hy the city of Palo Alto,
that Chief of Police C. F. Noble begins
to fear that additional buildings will
have to he constructed to house the
inmates. The guests are paying their
hoard bills by hours of work each
day, planting potatoes, chopping wood,
etc.
City Planning Commission Elects.
Councilman C. P. Cooley has been
elected president of the newly formed
Palo Alto city planning commission.
The first definite work to he under
taken hy the new hody will he the
improvement of the entrance to Palo
Alto from the state highway. Fol
lowing this, steps will he taken to
ward the heautification of the remain
ing part of the twenty-five acres
owned hy the city along the creek and
in the Harms tract.
Hostel Hoarders Increase.
So rapidly are the hoarders increas
ing at Ihe Hostel, the municipal hoho
hotel run hy the city of Palo Alto,
that Chief of Police C. F. Noble begins
to fear that additional buildings will
have to he constructed to house the
inmates. The guests are paying their
hoard bills by hours of work each
day, planting potatoes, chopping wood,
etc.
City Planning Commission Elects.
Councilman C. P. Cooley has been
elected president of the newly formed
Palo Alto city planning commission.
The first definite work to he under
taken hy the new hody will he the
improvement of the entrance to Palo
Alto from the state highway. Fol
lowing this, steps will he taken to
ward the heautification of the remain
ing part of the twenty-five acres
owned hy the city along the creek and
in the Harms tract.
Hostel Hoarders Increase.
So rapidly are the hoarders increas
ing at Ihe Hostel, the municipal hoho
hotel run hy the city of Palo Alto,
that Chief of Police C. F. Noble begins
to fear that additional buildings will
have to he constructed to house the
inmates. The guests are paying their
hoard bills by hours of work each
day, planting potatoes, chopping wood,
etc.
City Planning Commission Elects.
Councilman C. P. Cooley has been
elected president of the newly formed
Palo Alto city planning commission.
The first definite work to he under
taken hy the new hody will he the
improvement of the entrance to Palo
Alto from the state highway. Fol
lowing this, steps will he taken to
ward the heautification of the remain
ing part of the twenty-five acres
owned hy the city along the creek and
in the Harms tract.
Hostel Hoarders Increase.
So rapidly are the hoarders increas
ing at Ihe Hostel, the municipal hoho
hotel run hy the city of Palo Alto,
that Chief of Police C. F. Noble begins
to fear that additional buildings will
have to he constructed to house the
inmates. The guests are paying their
hoard bills by hours of work each
day, planting potatoes, chopping wood,
etc.
City Planning Commission Elects.
Councilman C. P. Cooley has been
elected president of the newly formed
Palo Alto city planning commission.
The first definite work to he under
taken hy the new hody will he the
improvement of the entrance to Palo
Alto from the state highway. Fol
lowing this, steps will he taken to
ward the heautification of the remain
ing part of the twenty-five acres
owned hy the city along the creek and
in the Harms tract.
Hostel Hoarders Increase.
So rapidly are the hoarders increas
ing at Ihe Hostel, the municipal hoho
hotel run hy the city of Palo Alto,
that Chief of Police C. F. Noble begins
to fear that additional buildings will
have to he constructed to house the
inmates. The guests are paying their
hoard bills by hours of work each
day, planting potatoes, chopping wood,
etc.
City Planning Commission Elects.
Councilman C. P. Cooley has been
elected president of the newly formed
Palo Alto city planning commission.
The first definite work to he under
taken hy the new hody will he the
improvement of the entrance to Palo
Alto from the state highway. Fol
lowing this, steps will he taken to
ward the heautification of the remain
ing part of the twenty-five acres
owned hy the city along the creek and
in the Harms tract.
Hostel Hoarders Increase.
So rapidly are the hoarders increas
ing at Ihe Hostel, the municipal hoho
hotel run hy the city of Palo Alto,
that Chief of Police C. F. Noble begins
to fear that additional buildings will
have to he constructed to house the
inmates. The guests are paying their
hoard bills by hours of work each
day, planting potatoes, chopping wood,
etc.
City Planning Commission Elects.
Councilman C. P. Cooley has been
elected president of the newly formed
Palo Alto city planning commission.
The first definite work to he under
taken hy the new hody will he the
improvement of the entrance to Palo
Alto from the state highway. Fol
lowing this, steps will he taken to
ward the heautification of the remain
ing part of the twenty-five acres
owned hy the city along the creek and
in the Harms tract.
Hostel Hoarders Increase.
So rapidly are the hoarders increas
ing at Ihe Hostel, the municipal hoho
hotel run hy the city of Palo Alto,
that Chief of Police C. F. Noble begins
to fear that additional buildings will
have to he constructed to house the
inmates. The guests are paying their
hoard bills by hours of work each
day, planting potatoes, chopping wood,
etc.
