# Cap and down at Home to Prytanean April 24
## 
### 
Cap and Gown is to entertain Pry
tanean Society of California at a din
ner to he given at the Women's Club
House on April 14th. Miss Dorothy
Egbert, 'Ifi, will have charge of the
affair, and will lie assisted by Mes
dames H. J. ltyan, P. .T. Treat, E. W.
Allen, J. M. Stillman, J. C. Pranner,
and Miss Margaret bathrop, gr. Miss
Ruth Sampson, gr., is chairman of the
entertainment committee. Prytanean
entertained Cap and Gown last year
at this time.
Cap and Gown is to entertain Pry
tanean Society of California at a din
ner to he given at the Women's Club
House on April 14th. Miss Dorothy
Egbert, 'Ifi, will have charge of the
affair, and will lie assisted by Mes
dames H. J. ltyan, P. .T. Treat, E. W.
Allen, J. M. Stillman, J. C. Pranner,
and Miss Margaret bathrop, gr. Miss
Ruth Sampson, gr., is chairman of the
entertainment committee. Prytanean
entertained Cap and Gown last year
at this time.
Cap and Gown is to entertain Pry
tanean Society of California at a din
ner to he given at the Women's Club
House on April 14th. Miss Dorothy
Egbert, 'Ifi, will have charge of the
affair, and will lie assisted by Mes
dames H. J. ltyan, P. .T. Treat, E. W.
Allen, J. M. Stillman, J. C. Pranner,
and Miss Margaret bathrop, gr. Miss
Ruth Sampson, gr., is chairman of the
entertainment committee. Prytanean
entertained Cap and Gown last year
at this time.
Cap and Gown is to entertain Pry
tanean Society of California at a din
ner to he given at the Women's Club
House on April 14th. Miss Dorothy
Egbert, 'Ifi, will have charge of the
affair, and will lie assisted by Mes
dames H. J. ltyan, P. .T. Treat, E. W.
Allen, J. M. Stillman, J. C. Pranner,
and Miss Margaret bathrop, gr. Miss
Ruth Sampson, gr., is chairman of the
entertainment committee. Prytanean
entertained Cap and Gown last year
at this time.
Cap and Gown is to entertain Pry
tanean Society of California at a din
ner to he given at the Women's Club
House on April 14th. Miss Dorothy
Egbert, 'Ifi, will have charge of the
affair, and will lie assisted by Mes
dames H. J. ltyan, P. .T. Treat, E. W.
Allen, J. M. Stillman, J. C. Pranner,
and Miss Margaret bathrop, gr. Miss
Ruth Sampson, gr., is chairman of the
entertainment committee. Prytanean
entertained Cap and Gown last year
at this time.
Cap and Gown is to entertain Pry
tanean Society of California at a din
ner to he given at the Women's Club
House on April 14th. Miss Dorothy
Egbert, 'Ifi, will have charge of the
affair, and will lie assisted by Mes
dames H. J. ltyan, P. .T. Treat, E. W.
Allen, J. M. Stillman, J. C. Pranner,
and Miss Margaret bathrop, gr. Miss
Ruth Sampson, gr., is chairman of the
entertainment committee. Prytanean
entertained Cap and Gown last year
at this time.
Cap and Gown is to entertain Pry
tanean Society of California at a din
ner to he given at the Women's Club
House on April 14th. Miss Dorothy
Egbert, 'Ifi, will have charge of the
affair, and will lie assisted by Mes
dames H. J. ltyan, P. .T. Treat, E. W.
Allen, J. M. Stillman, J. C. Pranner,
and Miss Margaret bathrop, gr. Miss
Ruth Sampson, gr., is chairman of the
entertainment committee. Prytanean
entertained Cap and Gown last year
at this time.
Cap and Gown is to entertain Pry
tanean Society of California at a din
ner to he given at the Women's Club
House on April 14th. Miss Dorothy
Egbert, 'Ifi, will have charge of the
affair, and will lie assisted by Mes
dames H. J. ltyan, P. .T. Treat, E. W.
Allen, J. M. Stillman, J. C. Pranner,
and Miss Margaret bathrop, gr. Miss
Ruth Sampson, gr., is chairman of the
entertainment committee. Prytanean
entertained Cap and Gown last year
at this time.
Cap and Gown is to entertain Pry
tanean Society of California at a din
ner to he given at the Women's Club
House on April 14th. Miss Dorothy
Egbert, 'Ifi, will have charge of the
affair, and will lie assisted by Mes
dames H. J. ltyan, P. .T. Treat, E. W.
Allen, J. M. Stillman, J. C. Pranner,
and Miss Margaret bathrop, gr. Miss
Ruth Sampson, gr., is chairman of the
entertainment committee. Prytanean
entertained Cap and Gown last year
at this time.
Cap and Gown is to entertain Pry
tanean Society of California at a din
ner to he given at the Women's Club
House on April 14th. Miss Dorothy
Egbert, 'Ifi, will have charge of the
affair, and will lie assisted by Mes
dames H. J. ltyan, P. .T. Treat, E. W.
Allen, J. M. Stillman, J. C. Pranner,
and Miss Margaret bathrop, gr. Miss
Ruth Sampson, gr., is chairman of the
entertainment committee. Prytanean
entertained Cap and Gown last year
at this time.
Cap and Gown is to entertain Pry
tanean Society of California at a din
ner to he given at the Women's Club
House on April 14th. Miss Dorothy
Egbert, 'Ifi, will have charge of the
affair, and will lie assisted by Mes
dames H. J. ltyan, P. .T. Treat, E. W.
Allen, J. M. Stillman, J. C. Pranner,
and Miss Margaret bathrop, gr. Miss
Ruth Sampson, gr., is chairman of the
entertainment committee. Prytanean
entertained Cap and Gown last year
at this time.
Cap and Gown is to entertain Pry
tanean Society of California at a din
ner to he given at the Women's Club
House on April 14th. Miss Dorothy
Egbert, 'Ifi, will have charge of the
affair, and will lie assisted by Mes
dames H. J. ltyan, P. .T. Treat, E. W.
Allen, J. M. Stillman, J. C. Pranner,
and Miss Margaret bathrop, gr. Miss
Ruth Sampson, gr., is chairman of the
entertainment committee. Prytanean
entertained Cap and Gown last year
at this time.
Cap and Gown is to entertain Pry
tanean Society of California at a din
ner to he given at the Women's Club
House on April 14th. Miss Dorothy
Egbert, 'Ifi, will have charge of the
affair, and will lie assisted by Mes
dames H. J. ltyan, P. .T. Treat, E. W.
Allen, J. M. Stillman, J. C. Pranner,
and Miss Margaret bathrop, gr. Miss
Ruth Sampson, gr., is chairman of the
entertainment committee. Prytanean
entertained Cap and Gown last year
at this time.
Cap and Gown is to entertain Pry
tanean Society of California at a din
ner to he given at the Women's Club
House on April 14th. Miss Dorothy
Egbert, 'Ifi, will have charge of the
affair, and will lie assisted by Mes
dames H. J. ltyan, P. .T. Treat, E. W.
Allen, J. M. Stillman, J. C. Pranner,
and Miss Margaret bathrop, gr. Miss
Ruth Sampson, gr., is chairman of the
entertainment committee. Prytanean
entertained Cap and Gown last year
at this time.
