# Sign For a Lenther Quad
## 
### 
Orders for leather hound Quads are
being taken by the managerial staff
of the 1917 year book. A thorough
canvass of the campus will be made
and all will be given an opportunity
to sign up.
The offering this year is a hand
some red leather binding, of a dur
able quality, for an extra charge of
one dollar. According to Manager IT.
L. Hews, it is abosolutely necessary
that all who wish the leather bindings
to sign up for them immediately, as
no more books will be bound than
there are advance orders for. Orders
may also be turned in at the Union
Cigar stand.
From various rumors it would seem
that this year's annual will be in a
elass by itself, although the members
of the staff are simply smiling con
fidently and saying little.
Orders for leather hound Quads are
being taken by the managerial staff
of the 1917 year book. A thorough
canvass of the campus will be made
and all will be given an opportunity
to sign up.
The offering this year is a hand
some red leather binding, of a dur
able quality, for an extra charge of
one dollar. According to Manager IT.
L. Hews, it is abosolutely necessary
that all who wish the leather bindings
to sign up for them immediately, as
no more books will be bound than
there are advance orders for. Orders
may also be turned in at the Union
Cigar stand.
From various rumors it would seem
that this year's annual will be in a
elass by itself, although the members
of the staff are simply smiling con
fidently and saying little.
Orders for leather hound Quads are
being taken by the managerial staff
of the 1917 year book. A thorough
canvass of the campus will be made
and all will be given an opportunity
to sign up.
The offering this year is a hand
some red leather binding, of a dur
able quality, for an extra charge of
one dollar. According to Manager IT.
L. Hews, it is abosolutely necessary
that all who wish the leather bindings
to sign up for them immediately, as
no more books will be bound than
there are advance orders for. Orders
may also be turned in at the Union
Cigar stand.
From various rumors it would seem
that this year's annual will be in a
elass by itself, although the members
of the staff are simply smiling con
fidently and saying little.
Orders for leather hound Quads are
being taken by the managerial staff
of the 1917 year book. A thorough
canvass of the campus will be made
and all will be given an opportunity
to sign up.
The offering this year is a hand
some red leather binding, of a dur
able quality, for an extra charge of
one dollar. According to Manager IT.
L. Hews, it is abosolutely necessary
that all who wish the leather bindings
to sign up for them immediately, as
no more books will be bound than
there are advance orders for. Orders
may also be turned in at the Union
Cigar stand.
From various rumors it would seem
that this year's annual will be in a
elass by itself, although the members
of the staff are simply smiling con
fidently and saying little.
Orders for leather hound Quads are
being taken by the managerial staff
of the 1917 year book. A thorough
canvass of the campus will be made
and all will be given an opportunity
to sign up.
The offering this year is a hand
some red leather binding, of a dur
able quality, for an extra charge of
one dollar. According to Manager IT.
L. Hews, it is abosolutely necessary
that all who wish the leather bindings
to sign up for them immediately, as
no more books will be bound than
there are advance orders for. Orders
may also be turned in at the Union
Cigar stand.
From various rumors it would seem
that this year's annual will be in a
elass by itself, although the members
of the staff are simply smiling con
fidently and saying little.
Orders for leather hound Quads are
being taken by the managerial staff
of the 1917 year book. A thorough
canvass of the campus will be made
and all will be given an opportunity
to sign up.
The offering this year is a hand
some red leather binding, of a dur
able quality, for an extra charge of
one dollar. According to Manager IT.
L. Hews, it is abosolutely necessary
that all who wish the leather bindings
to sign up for them immediately, as
no more books will be bound than
there are advance orders for. Orders
may also be turned in at the Union
Cigar stand.
From various rumors it would seem
that this year's annual will be in a
elass by itself, although the members
of the staff are simply smiling con
fidently and saying little.
Orders for leather hound Quads are
being taken by the managerial staff
of the 1917 year book. A thorough
canvass of the campus will be made
and all will be given an opportunity
to sign up.
The offering this year is a hand
some red leather binding, of a dur
able quality, for an extra charge of
one dollar. According to Manager IT.
L. Hews, it is abosolutely necessary
that all who wish the leather bindings
to sign up for them immediately, as
no more books will be bound than
there are advance orders for. Orders
may also be turned in at the Union
Cigar stand.
From various rumors it would seem
that this year's annual will be in a
elass by itself, although the members
of the staff are simply smiling con
fidently and saying little.
Orders for leather hound Quads are
being taken by the managerial staff
of the 1917 year book. A thorough
canvass of the campus will be made
and all will be given an opportunity
to sign up.
The offering this year is a hand
some red leather binding, of a dur
able quality, for an extra charge of
one dollar. According to Manager IT.
L. Hews, it is abosolutely necessary
that all who wish the leather bindings
to sign up for them immediately, as
no more books will be bound than
there are advance orders for. Orders
may also be turned in at the Union
Cigar stand.
From various rumors it would seem
that this year's annual will be in a
elass by itself, although the members
of the staff are simply smiling con
fidently and saying little.
Orders for leather hound Quads are
being taken by the managerial staff
of the 1917 year book. A thorough
canvass of the campus will be made
and all will be given an opportunity
to sign up.
The offering this year is a hand
some red leather binding, of a dur
able quality, for an extra charge of
one dollar. According to Manager IT.
L. Hews, it is abosolutely necessary
that all who wish the leather bindings
to sign up for them immediately, as
no more books will be bound than
there are advance orders for. Orders
may also be turned in at the Union
Cigar stand.
From various rumors it would seem
that this year's annual will be in a
elass by itself, although the members
of the staff are simply smiling con
fidently and saying little.
Orders for leather hound Quads are
being taken by the managerial staff
of the 1917 year book. A thorough
canvass of the campus will be made
and all will be given an opportunity
to sign up.
The offering this year is a hand
some red leather binding, of a dur
able quality, for an extra charge of
one dollar. According to Manager IT.
L. Hews, it is abosolutely necessary
that all who wish the leather bindings
to sign up for them immediately, as
no more books will be bound than
there are advance orders for. Orders
may also be turned in at the Union
Cigar stand.
From various rumors it would seem
that this year's annual will be in a
elass by itself, although the members
of the staff are simply smiling con
fidently and saying little.
Orders for leather hound Quads are
being taken by the managerial staff
of the 1917 year book. A thorough
canvass of the campus will be made
and all will be given an opportunity
to sign up.
The offering this year is a hand
some red leather binding, of a dur
able quality, for an extra charge of
one dollar. According to Manager IT.
L. Hews, it is abosolutely necessary
that all who wish the leather bindings
to sign up for them immediately, as
no more books will be bound than
there are advance orders for. Orders
may also be turned in at the Union
Cigar stand.
From various rumors it would seem
that this year's annual will be in a
elass by itself, although the members
of the staff are simply smiling con
fidently and saying little.
Orders for leather hound Quads are
being taken by the managerial staff
of the 1917 year book. A thorough
canvass of the campus will be made
and all will be given an opportunity
to sign up.
The offering this year is a hand
some red leather binding, of a dur
able quality, for an extra charge of
one dollar. According to Manager IT.
L. Hews, it is abosolutely necessary
that all who wish the leather bindings
to sign up for them immediately, as
no more books will be bound than
there are advance orders for. Orders
may also be turned in at the Union
Cigar stand.
From various rumors it would seem
that this year's annual will be in a
elass by itself, although the members
of the staff are simply smiling con
fidently and saying little.
Orders for leather hound Quads are
being taken by the managerial staff
of the 1917 year book. A thorough
canvass of the campus will be made
and all will be given an opportunity
to sign up.
The offering this year is a hand
some red leather binding, of a dur
able quality, for an extra charge of
one dollar. According to Manager IT.
L. Hews, it is abosolutely necessary
that all who wish the leather bindings
to sign up for them immediately, as
no more books will be bound than
there are advance orders for. Orders
may also be turned in at the Union
Cigar stand.
From various rumors it would seem
that this year's annual will be in a
elass by itself, although the members
of the staff are simply smiling con
fidently and saying little.
Orders for leather hound Quads are
being taken by the managerial staff
of the 1917 year book. A thorough
canvass of the campus will be made
and all will be given an opportunity
to sign up.
The offering this year is a hand
some red leather binding, of a dur
able quality, for an extra charge of
one dollar. According to Manager IT.
L. Hews, it is abosolutely necessary
that all who wish the leather bindings
to sign up for them immediately, as
no more books will be bound than
there are advance orders for. Orders
may also be turned in at the Union
Cigar stand.
From various rumors it would seem
that this year's annual will be in a
elass by itself, although the members
of the staff are simply smiling con
fidently and saying little.
