# Adv. 25 Page 10
## 
### 
TRAVELING
MPA
Sacramento
Los Angeles
Washington, D.C.
Study and work in three
levels of government in
three key cities, and in the
process, earn a master's
degree in Public Administ
ration.
Interested? U.S.C. reps will
be on campus Wed., Nov. 4.
Sign up now at C.P.P.C. for
interviews. IGM Program,
U.S.C. School of Public
Administration, 921-11 th
Street, Suite 200, Sac
ramento, CA 95814 or
Phone (916) 442-6911
TRAVELING
MPA
Sacramento
Los Angeles
Washington, D.C.
Study and work in three
levels of government in
three key cities, and in the
process, earn a master's
degree in Public Administ
ration.
Interested? U.S.C. reps will
be on campus Wed., Nov. 4.
Sign up now at C.P.P.C. for
interviews. IGM Program,
U.S.C. School of Public
Administration, 921-11 th
Street, Suite 200, Sac
ramento, CA 95814 or
Phone (916) 442-6911
TRAVELING
MPA
Sacramento
Los Angeles
Washington, D.C.
Study and work in three
levels of government in
three key cities, and in the
process, earn a master's
degree in Public Administ
ration.
Interested? U.S.C. reps will
be on campus Wed., Nov. 4.
Sign up now at C.P.P.C. for
interviews. IGM Program,
U.S.C. School of Public
Administration, 921-11 th
Street, Suite 200, Sac
ramento, CA 95814 or
Phone (916) 442-6911
TRAVELING
MPA
Sacramento
Los Angeles
Washington, D.C.
Study and work in three
levels of government in
three key cities, and in the
process, earn a master's
degree in Public Administ
ration.
Interested? U.S.C. reps will
be on campus Wed., Nov. 4.
Sign up now at C.P.P.C. for
interviews. IGM Program,
U.S.C. School of Public
Administration, 921-11 th
Street, Suite 200, Sac
ramento, CA 95814 or
Phone (916) 442-6911
TRAVELING
MPA
Sacramento
Los Angeles
Washington, D.C.
Study and work in three
levels of government in
three key cities, and in the
process, earn a master's
degree in Public Administ
ration.
Interested? U.S.C. reps will
be on campus Wed., Nov. 4.
Sign up now at C.P.P.C. for
interviews. IGM Program,
U.S.C. School of Public
Administration, 921-11 th
Street, Suite 200, Sac
ramento, CA 95814 or
Phone (916) 442-6911
TRAVELING
MPA
Sacramento
Los Angeles
Washington, D.C.
Study and work in three
levels of government in
three key cities, and in the
process, earn a master's
degree in Public Administ
ration.
Interested? U.S.C. reps will
be on campus Wed., Nov. 4.
Sign up now at C.P.P.C. for
interviews. IGM Program,
U.S.C. School of Public
Administration, 921-11 th
Street, Suite 200, Sac
ramento, CA 95814 or
Phone (916) 442-6911
TRAVELING
MPA
Sacramento
Los Angeles
Washington, D.C.
Study and work in three
levels of government in
three key cities, and in the
process, earn a master's
degree in Public Administ
ration.
Interested? U.S.C. reps will
be on campus Wed., Nov. 4.
Sign up now at C.P.P.C. for
interviews. IGM Program,
U.S.C. School of Public
Administration, 921-11 th
Street, Suite 200, Sac
ramento, CA 95814 or
Phone (916) 442-6911
TRAVELING
MPA
Sacramento
Los Angeles
Washington, D.C.
Study and work in three
levels of government in
three key cities, and in the
process, earn a master's
degree in Public Administ
ration.
Interested? U.S.C. reps will
be on campus Wed., Nov. 4.
Sign up now at C.P.P.C. for
interviews. IGM Program,
U.S.C. School of Public
Administration, 921-11 th
Street, Suite 200, Sac
ramento, CA 95814 or
Phone (916) 442-6911
TRAVELING
MPA
Sacramento
Los Angeles
Washington, D.C.
Study and work in three
levels of government in
three key cities, and in the
process, earn a master's
degree in Public Administ
ration.
Interested? U.S.C. reps will
be on campus Wed., Nov. 4.
Sign up now at C.P.P.C. for
interviews. IGM Program,
U.S.C. School of Public
Administration, 921-11 th
Street, Suite 200, Sac
ramento, CA 95814 or
Phone (916) 442-6911
TRAVELING
MPA
Sacramento
Los Angeles
Washington, D.C.
Study and work in three
levels of government in
three key cities, and in the
process, earn a master's
degree in Public Administ
ration.
Interested? U.S.C. reps will
be on campus Wed., Nov. 4.
Sign up now at C.P.P.C. for
interviews. IGM Program,
U.S.C. School of Public
Administration, 921-11 th
Street, Suite 200, Sac
ramento, CA 95814 or
Phone (916) 442-6911
