# SELLING POSITIONS OPEN TO STUDENTS
## 
### 
Positions are now open in several
well-known national companies for
college men and women. These posi
tions are part-time selling jobs,
covering a wide variety of articles.
There is also a position open i'or
a trombone player who has had ex
perience in orchestra work. Anyone
who is interested in either of the
above positions should see Mrs.
Irene Spenner in the Appointment
Office as soon as possible.
Positions are now open in several
well-known national companies for
college men and women. These posi
tions are part-time selling jobs,
covering a wide variety of articles.
There is also a position open i'or
a trombone player who has had ex
perience in orchestra work. Anyone
who is interested in either of the
above positions should see Mrs.
Irene Spenner in the Appointment
Office as soon as possible.
Positions are now open in several
well-known national companies for
college men and women. These posi
tions are part-time selling jobs,
covering a wide variety of articles.
There is also a position open i'or
a trombone player who has had ex
perience in orchestra work. Anyone
who is interested in either of the
above positions should see Mrs.
Irene Spenner in the Appointment
Office as soon as possible.
Positions are now open in several
well-known national companies for
college men and women. These posi
tions are part-time selling jobs,
covering a wide variety of articles.
There is also a position open i'or
a trombone player who has had ex
perience in orchestra work. Anyone
who is interested in either of the
above positions should see Mrs.
Irene Spenner in the Appointment
Office as soon as possible.
Positions are now open in several
well-known national companies for
college men and women. These posi
tions are part-time selling jobs,
covering a wide variety of articles.
There is also a position open i'or
a trombone player who has had ex
perience in orchestra work. Anyone
who is interested in either of the
above positions should see Mrs.
Irene Spenner in the Appointment
Office as soon as possible.
Positions are now open in several
well-known national companies for
college men and women. These posi
tions are part-time selling jobs,
covering a wide variety of articles.
There is also a position open i'or
a trombone player who has had ex
perience in orchestra work. Anyone
who is interested in either of the
above positions should see Mrs.
Irene Spenner in the Appointment
Office as soon as possible.
Positions are now open in several
well-known national companies for
college men and women. These posi
tions are part-time selling jobs,
covering a wide variety of articles.
There is also a position open i'or
a trombone player who has had ex
perience in orchestra work. Anyone
who is interested in either of the
above positions should see Mrs.
Irene Spenner in the Appointment
Office as soon as possible.
Positions are now open in several
well-known national companies for
college men and women. These posi
tions are part-time selling jobs,
covering a wide variety of articles.
There is also a position open i'or
a trombone player who has had ex
perience in orchestra work. Anyone
who is interested in either of the
above positions should see Mrs.
Irene Spenner in the Appointment
Office as soon as possible.
Positions are now open in several
well-known national companies for
college men and women. These posi
tions are part-time selling jobs,
covering a wide variety of articles.
There is also a position open i'or
a trombone player who has had ex
perience in orchestra work. Anyone
who is interested in either of the
above positions should see Mrs.
Irene Spenner in the Appointment
Office as soon as possible.
Positions are now open in several
well-known national companies for
college men and women. These posi
tions are part-time selling jobs,
covering a wide variety of articles.
There is also a position open i'or
a trombone player who has had ex
perience in orchestra work. Anyone
who is interested in either of the
above positions should see Mrs.
Irene Spenner in the Appointment
Office as soon as possible.
Positions are now open in several
well-known national companies for
college men and women. These posi
tions are part-time selling jobs,
covering a wide variety of articles.
There is also a position open i'or
a trombone player who has had ex
perience in orchestra work. Anyone
who is interested in either of the
above positions should see Mrs.
Irene Spenner in the Appointment
Office as soon as possible.
Positions are now open in several
well-known national companies for
college men and women. These posi
tions are part-time selling jobs,
covering a wide variety of articles.
There is also a position open i'or
a trombone player who has had ex
perience in orchestra work. Anyone
who is interested in either of the
above positions should see Mrs.
Irene Spenner in the Appointment
Office as soon as possible.
Positions are now open in several
well-known national companies for
college men and women. These posi
tions are part-time selling jobs,
covering a wide variety of articles.
There is also a position open i'or
a trombone player who has had ex
perience in orchestra work. Anyone
who is interested in either of the
above positions should see Mrs.
Irene Spenner in the Appointment
Office as soon as possible.
Positions are now open in several
well-known national companies for
college men and women. These posi
tions are part-time selling jobs,
covering a wide variety of articles.
There is also a position open i'or
a trombone player who has had ex
perience in orchestra work. Anyone
who is interested in either of the
above positions should see Mrs.
Irene Spenner in the Appointment
Office as soon as possible.
Positions are now open in several
well-known national companies for
college men and women. These posi
tions are part-time selling jobs,
covering a wide variety of articles.
There is also a position open i'or
a trombone player who has had ex
perience in orchestra work. Anyone
who is interested in either of the
above positions should see Mrs.
Irene Spenner in the Appointment
Office as soon as possible.
