# KELLOGG ANNOUNCES SIX-HOUR WORK DAY
## 
### 
NEW YORK, April 14 (/P).—The
six-hour working day will be adopt
ed as a permanent operating policy
by the Kellogg Company, cereal
manufacturers, Battle Creek, Mich.
Lewis J. Brown, president, an
nounced today the company's ex
periment with the plan since De
cember 1 had proved profitable for
both stockholders and employes.
Since inauguration of the plan the
company has worked four shifts in
its plants, six hours each. They re
place the former three shifts of 8
hours each. At the same time it in
creased the base wage 12 Vfe per
cent.
NEW YORK, April 14 (/P).—The
six-hour working day will be adopt
ed as a permanent operating policy
by the Kellogg Company, cereal
manufacturers, Battle Creek, Mich.
Lewis J. Brown, president, an
nounced today the company's ex
periment with the plan since De
cember 1 had proved profitable for
both stockholders and employes.
Since inauguration of the plan the
company has worked four shifts in
its plants, six hours each. They re
place the former three shifts of 8
hours each. At the same time it in
creased the base wage 12 Vfe per
cent.
NEW YORK, April 14 (/P).—The
six-hour working day will be adopt
ed as a permanent operating policy
by the Kellogg Company, cereal
manufacturers, Battle Creek, Mich.
Lewis J. Brown, president, an
nounced today the company's ex
periment with the plan since De
cember 1 had proved profitable for
both stockholders and employes.
Since inauguration of the plan the
company has worked four shifts in
its plants, six hours each. They re
place the former three shifts of 8
hours each. At the same time it in
creased the base wage 12 Vfe per
cent.
NEW YORK, April 14 (/P).—The
six-hour working day will be adopt
ed as a permanent operating policy
by the Kellogg Company, cereal
manufacturers, Battle Creek, Mich.
Lewis J. Brown, president, an
nounced today the company's ex
periment with the plan since De
cember 1 had proved profitable for
both stockholders and employes.
Since inauguration of the plan the
company has worked four shifts in
its plants, six hours each. They re
place the former three shifts of 8
hours each. At the same time it in
creased the base wage 12 Vfe per
cent.
NEW YORK, April 14 (/P).—The
six-hour working day will be adopt
ed as a permanent operating policy
by the Kellogg Company, cereal
manufacturers, Battle Creek, Mich.
Lewis J. Brown, president, an
nounced today the company's ex
periment with the plan since De
cember 1 had proved profitable for
both stockholders and employes.
Since inauguration of the plan the
company has worked four shifts in
its plants, six hours each. They re
place the former three shifts of 8
hours each. At the same time it in
creased the base wage 12 Vfe per
cent.
NEW YORK, April 14 (/P).—The
six-hour working day will be adopt
ed as a permanent operating policy
by the Kellogg Company, cereal
manufacturers, Battle Creek, Mich.
Lewis J. Brown, president, an
nounced today the company's ex
periment with the plan since De
cember 1 had proved profitable for
both stockholders and employes.
Since inauguration of the plan the
company has worked four shifts in
its plants, six hours each. They re
place the former three shifts of 8
hours each. At the same time it in
creased the base wage 12 Vfe per
cent.
NEW YORK, April 14 (/P).—The
six-hour working day will be adopt
ed as a permanent operating policy
by the Kellogg Company, cereal
manufacturers, Battle Creek, Mich.
Lewis J. Brown, president, an
nounced today the company's ex
periment with the plan since De
cember 1 had proved profitable for
both stockholders and employes.
Since inauguration of the plan the
company has worked four shifts in
its plants, six hours each. They re
place the former three shifts of 8
hours each. At the same time it in
creased the base wage 12 Vfe per
cent.
NEW YORK, April 14 (/P).—The
six-hour working day will be adopt
ed as a permanent operating policy
by the Kellogg Company, cereal
manufacturers, Battle Creek, Mich.
Lewis J. Brown, president, an
nounced today the company's ex
periment with the plan since De
cember 1 had proved profitable for
both stockholders and employes.
Since inauguration of the plan the
company has worked four shifts in
its plants, six hours each. They re
place the former three shifts of 8
hours each. At the same time it in
creased the base wage 12 Vfe per
cent.
NEW YORK, April 14 (/P).—The
six-hour working day will be adopt
ed as a permanent operating policy
by the Kellogg Company, cereal
manufacturers, Battle Creek, Mich.
Lewis J. Brown, president, an
nounced today the company's ex
periment with the plan since De
cember 1 had proved profitable for
both stockholders and employes.
Since inauguration of the plan the
company has worked four shifts in
its plants, six hours each. They re
place the former three shifts of 8
hours each. At the same time it in
creased the base wage 12 Vfe per
cent.
NEW YORK, April 14 (/P).—The
six-hour working day will be adopt
ed as a permanent operating policy
by the Kellogg Company, cereal
manufacturers, Battle Creek, Mich.
Lewis J. Brown, president, an
nounced today the company's ex
periment with the plan since De
cember 1 had proved profitable for
both stockholders and employes.
Since inauguration of the plan the
company has worked four shifts in
its plants, six hours each. They re
place the former three shifts of 8
hours each. At the same time it in
creased the base wage 12 Vfe per
cent.
NEW YORK, April 14 (/P).—The
six-hour working day will be adopt
ed as a permanent operating policy
by the Kellogg Company, cereal
manufacturers, Battle Creek, Mich.
Lewis J. Brown, president, an
nounced today the company's ex
periment with the plan since De
cember 1 had proved profitable for
both stockholders and employes.
Since inauguration of the plan the
company has worked four shifts in
its plants, six hours each. They re
place the former three shifts of 8
hours each. At the same time it in
creased the base wage 12 Vfe per
cent.
NEW YORK, April 14 (/P).—The
six-hour working day will be adopt
ed as a permanent operating policy
by the Kellogg Company, cereal
manufacturers, Battle Creek, Mich.
Lewis J. Brown, president, an
nounced today the company's ex
periment with the plan since De
cember 1 had proved profitable for
both stockholders and employes.
Since inauguration of the plan the
company has worked four shifts in
its plants, six hours each. They re
place the former three shifts of 8
hours each. At the same time it in
creased the base wage 12 Vfe per
cent.
NEW YORK, April 14 (/P).—The
six-hour working day will be adopt
ed as a permanent operating policy
by the Kellogg Company, cereal
manufacturers, Battle Creek, Mich.
Lewis J. Brown, president, an
nounced today the company's ex
periment with the plan since De
cember 1 had proved profitable for
both stockholders and employes.
Since inauguration of the plan the
company has worked four shifts in
its plants, six hours each. They re
place the former three shifts of 8
hours each. At the same time it in
creased the base wage 12 Vfe per
cent.
NEW YORK, April 14 (/P).—The
six-hour working day will be adopt
ed as a permanent operating policy
by the Kellogg Company, cereal
manufacturers, Battle Creek, Mich.
Lewis J. Brown, president, an
nounced today the company's ex
periment with the plan since De
cember 1 had proved profitable for
both stockholders and employes.
Since inauguration of the plan the
company has worked four shifts in
its plants, six hours each. They re
place the former three shifts of 8
hours each. At the same time it in
creased the base wage 12 Vfe per
cent.
NEW YORK, April 14 (/P).—The
six-hour working day will be adopt
ed as a permanent operating policy
by the Kellogg Company, cereal
manufacturers, Battle Creek, Mich.
Lewis J. Brown, president, an
nounced today the company's ex
periment with the plan since De
cember 1 had proved profitable for
both stockholders and employes.
Since inauguration of the plan the
company has worked four shifts in
its plants, six hours each. They re
place the former three shifts of 8
hours each. At the same time it in
creased the base wage 12 Vfe per
cent.
