# Javits Proposes Medical Care Bill
## 
### 
WASHINGTON (UPI) Sen.
Jacob K. Javits, R-N.Y., unveiled
a compromise medical care for the
aged plan yesterday providing op
tional benefits for an estimated
12 million Americans 65 and over.
Javits said in a statement he
would introduce the proposal in
the upcoming session of Con
gress.

The plan will test whether the
administration “really wants to
seen a medical care for the aging
bill passed this year,” Javits de
clared, “Or whether it prefers to
adhere stubbornly to a bill unac
ceptable to most of those Repub
licans whose support will bo need
ed for passage.”
Health Department spokesmen
already have indicated they are
considering revisions in the ad
ministration bill, which failed to
clear the House Ways & Means
Committee last year.
