# Kung Speaks
## 
### 

Hans Rung, German theologian, ad
dresses a crowd in Dinkelspiel Audi
torium last night while almost one
thousand listened in Tresidder and
another three hundred In White Me
morial Plaza.

Hans Rung, German theologian, ad
dresses a crowd in Dinkelspiel Audi
torium last night while almost one
thousand listened in Tresidder and
another three hundred In White Me
morial Plaza.

Hans Rung, German theologian, ad
dresses a crowd in Dinkelspiel Audi
torium last night while almost one
thousand listened in Tresidder and
another three hundred In White Me
morial Plaza.

Hans Rung, German theologian, ad
dresses a crowd in Dinkelspiel Audi
torium last night while almost one
thousand listened in Tresidder and
another three hundred In White Me
morial Plaza.

Hans Rung, German theologian, ad
dresses a crowd in Dinkelspiel Audi
torium last night while almost one
thousand listened in Tresidder and
another three hundred In White Me
morial Plaza.

Hans Rung, German theologian, ad
dresses a crowd in Dinkelspiel Audi
torium last night while almost one
thousand listened in Tresidder and
another three hundred In White Me
morial Plaza.

Hans Rung, German theologian, ad
dresses a crowd in Dinkelspiel Audi
torium last night while almost one
thousand listened in Tresidder and
another three hundred In White Me
morial Plaza.

Hans Rung, German theologian, ad
dresses a crowd in Dinkelspiel Audi
torium last night while almost one
thousand listened in Tresidder and
another three hundred In White Me
morial Plaza.

Hans Rung, German theologian, ad
dresses a crowd in Dinkelspiel Audi
torium last night while almost one
thousand listened in Tresidder and
another three hundred In White Me
morial Plaza.

Hans Rung, German theologian, ad
dresses a crowd in Dinkelspiel Audi
torium last night while almost one
thousand listened in Tresidder and
another three hundred In White Me
morial Plaza.

Hans Rung, German theologian, ad
dresses a crowd in Dinkelspiel Audi
torium last night while almost one
thousand listened in Tresidder and
another three hundred In White Me
morial Plaza.

Hans Rung, German theologian, ad
dresses a crowd in Dinkelspiel Audi
torium last night while almost one
thousand listened in Tresidder and
another three hundred In White Me
morial Plaza.

Hans Rung, German theologian, ad
dresses a crowd in Dinkelspiel Audi
torium last night while almost one
thousand listened in Tresidder and
another three hundred In White Me
morial Plaza.

Hans Rung, German theologian, ad
dresses a crowd in Dinkelspiel Audi
torium last night while almost one
thousand listened in Tresidder and
another three hundred In White Me
morial Plaza.

Hans Rung, German theologian, ad
dresses a crowd in Dinkelspiel Audi
torium last night while almost one
thousand listened in Tresidder and
another three hundred In White Me
morial Plaza.

Hans Rung, German theologian, ad
dresses a crowd in Dinkelspiel Audi
torium last night while almost one
thousand listened in Tresidder and
another three hundred In White Me
morial Plaza.
