# Manager Needed
## 
### 
Stanford"s literary magazine,
"Sequoia," Is in the process of
selecting an advertising man
ager. A ten per cent commission
on all advertising goes with the
job. Interested parties should
call Eric Carlson at 3279461
(Zeta Psi).
Stanford"s literary magazine,
"Sequoia," Is in the process of
selecting an advertising man
ager. A ten per cent commission
on all advertising goes with the
job. Interested parties should
call Eric Carlson at 3279461
(Zeta Psi).
Stanford"s literary magazine,
"Sequoia," Is in the process of
selecting an advertising man
ager. A ten per cent commission
on all advertising goes with the
job. Interested parties should
call Eric Carlson at 3279461
(Zeta Psi).
Stanford"s literary magazine,
"Sequoia," Is in the process of
selecting an advertising man
ager. A ten per cent commission
on all advertising goes with the
job. Interested parties should
call Eric Carlson at 3279461
(Zeta Psi).
Stanford"s literary magazine,
"Sequoia," Is in the process of
selecting an advertising man
ager. A ten per cent commission
on all advertising goes with the
job. Interested parties should
call Eric Carlson at 3279461
(Zeta Psi).
Stanford"s literary magazine,
"Sequoia," Is in the process of
selecting an advertising man
ager. A ten per cent commission
on all advertising goes with the
job. Interested parties should
call Eric Carlson at 3279461
(Zeta Psi).
Stanford"s literary magazine,
"Sequoia," Is in the process of
selecting an advertising man
ager. A ten per cent commission
on all advertising goes with the
job. Interested parties should
call Eric Carlson at 3279461
(Zeta Psi).
Stanford"s literary magazine,
"Sequoia," Is in the process of
selecting an advertising man
ager. A ten per cent commission
on all advertising goes with the
job. Interested parties should
call Eric Carlson at 3279461
(Zeta Psi).
Stanford"s literary magazine,
"Sequoia," Is in the process of
selecting an advertising man
ager. A ten per cent commission
on all advertising goes with the
job. Interested parties should
call Eric Carlson at 3279461
(Zeta Psi).
Stanford"s literary magazine,
"Sequoia," Is in the process of
selecting an advertising man
ager. A ten per cent commission
on all advertising goes with the
job. Interested parties should
call Eric Carlson at 3279461
(Zeta Psi).
Stanford"s literary magazine,
"Sequoia," Is in the process of
selecting an advertising man
ager. A ten per cent commission
on all advertising goes with the
job. Interested parties should
call Eric Carlson at 3279461
(Zeta Psi).
Stanford"s literary magazine,
"Sequoia," Is in the process of
selecting an advertising man
ager. A ten per cent commission
on all advertising goes with the
job. Interested parties should
call Eric Carlson at 3279461
(Zeta Psi).
Stanford"s literary magazine,
"Sequoia," Is in the process of
selecting an advertising man
ager. A ten per cent commission
on all advertising goes with the
job. Interested parties should
call Eric Carlson at 3279461
(Zeta Psi).
Stanford"s literary magazine,
"Sequoia," Is in the process of
selecting an advertising man
ager. A ten per cent commission
on all advertising goes with the
job. Interested parties should
call Eric Carlson at 3279461
(Zeta Psi).
Stanford"s literary magazine,
"Sequoia," Is in the process of
selecting an advertising man
ager. A ten per cent commission
on all advertising goes with the
job. Interested parties should
call Eric Carlson at 3279461
(Zeta Psi).
Stanford"s literary magazine,
"Sequoia," Is in the process of
selecting an advertising man
ager. A ten per cent commission
on all advertising goes with the
job. Interested parties should
call Eric Carlson at 3279461
(Zeta Psi).
