# BROADSIDE
## WRA Sponsors Ballet Troupe 
### 
A group of artiste from the
San Francisco Ballet will stage
a lecture demonstration in the
dance studio of the Women's
Gym Wednesday, October 19, at
4:15 p.m.
The director of the group will
explain the principles, struc
tures, and demands of ballet.
Following his lecture, the art
ists will do warm-up exercises
and perform several ballet
pieces.
This performance Ik open to
Stanford students, faculty, and
staff. There is no admission
charge, but due to limited seat
ing, tickets must be obtained
beforehand. These will be avail
able Friday or after, and can be
picked up from 8-5 in the office
of the women's gym, upon the
presentation of a Standard ID
card.
