# Robinson Lays Blame on Radio
## Decries Emotionalism In News Broadcasts 
### 
A challenge to radio from the
viewpoint of a private citizen was
offered to the Conference on Radio
and Education Friday by Professor
E. E. Robinson, who told network
executives that "in both the presi
dential campaign and in the current
war—it is in my opinion that the
newspapers had the better of you."
The emotionalism and lack of
clear-thinking displayed by many
announcers and news-broadcast
compilers was the object of his at
tack—not the speed of news presen
tation to the public, Dr. Robinson
explained.
He also warned radio representa
tives that the tendency to enforce
strict uniformity in news broadcast
ing over the nation spells "the
death knell of democracy" if it is
carried to extremes.
"I cannot believe it is necessary to
present the news in such a tempo,
with such inflection and emotion that
the news takes you out of your home
and puts you almost in the war it
self," Dr. Robinson declared. He
urged "thirty seconds of occasional"
quiet" during broadcasts for clear
headed reflection.
SEES CENSORSHIP DANGER
In both American radio and news
papers, Dr. Robinson sees a growing
danger of the "censorship of con
formity." Fostered by the federal
government, he believes it perhaps
finds its greatest expression in the
American news-broadcast.
"Radio should not insist upon unity
and agreement, but upon diversity
and disagreement of opinion, to re
flect true democracy," he asserted.
"Beware of the individual who de
clares that we must not disagree in
any field."
Dividing the radio's reporting field
into comment, news, and interpre
tation, Dr. Robinson analyzed the
possibilities of each and declared
that 1940 would be the crucial year
for all radio reporting and would
"tell the tale" of its real worth.
DISCUSSION LEADERS
Other participants in the panel on
"Radio Handling of Public Affairs"
which was headed by Dr. Robinson,
included C. E. Arney, Jr., of the Na
tional Association of Broadcasters,
Washington, D.C., Hubert C. Heff
ner, professor of dramatic literature
at Stanford, and Dr. Ralph H. Lutz,
professor of history at Stanford.
