# 'Mural Sked
## 
### 
(All games to be played on fiold
opposite Sunken Diamond at 4:15
p.m.)
Phi Psi vs. Encina !i\V, today
A.T.O. vs. Encina 4E. tomorrow
Phi Delta Phi vs. Firehouse, to
morrow
(All games to be played on fiold
opposite Sunken Diamond at 4:15
p.m.)
Phi Psi vs. Encina !i\V, today
A.T.O. vs. Encina 4E. tomorrow
Phi Delta Phi vs. Firehouse, to
morrow
(All games to be played on fiold
opposite Sunken Diamond at 4:15
p.m.)
Phi Psi vs. Encina !i\V, today
A.T.O. vs. Encina 4E. tomorrow
Phi Delta Phi vs. Firehouse, to
morrow
(All games to be played on fiold
opposite Sunken Diamond at 4:15
p.m.)
Phi Psi vs. Encina !i\V, today
A.T.O. vs. Encina 4E. tomorrow
Phi Delta Phi vs. Firehouse, to
morrow
(All games to be played on fiold
opposite Sunken Diamond at 4:15
p.m.)
Phi Psi vs. Encina !i\V, today
A.T.O. vs. Encina 4E. tomorrow
Phi Delta Phi vs. Firehouse, to
morrow
(All games to be played on fiold
opposite Sunken Diamond at 4:15
p.m.)
Phi Psi vs. Encina !i\V, today
A.T.O. vs. Encina 4E. tomorrow
Phi Delta Phi vs. Firehouse, to
morrow
(All games to be played on fiold
opposite Sunken Diamond at 4:15
p.m.)
Phi Psi vs. Encina !i\V, today
A.T.O. vs. Encina 4E. tomorrow
Phi Delta Phi vs. Firehouse, to
morrow
(All games to be played on fiold
opposite Sunken Diamond at 4:15
p.m.)
Phi Psi vs. Encina !i\V, today
A.T.O. vs. Encina 4E. tomorrow
Phi Delta Phi vs. Firehouse, to
morrow
(All games to be played on fiold
opposite Sunken Diamond at 4:15
p.m.)
Phi Psi vs. Encina !i\V, today
A.T.O. vs. Encina 4E. tomorrow
Phi Delta Phi vs. Firehouse, to
morrow
(All games to be played on fiold
opposite Sunken Diamond at 4:15
p.m.)
Phi Psi vs. Encina !i\V, today
A.T.O. vs. Encina 4E. tomorrow
Phi Delta Phi vs. Firehouse, to
morrow
(All games to be played on fiold
opposite Sunken Diamond at 4:15
p.m.)
Phi Psi vs. Encina !i\V, today
A.T.O. vs. Encina 4E. tomorrow
Phi Delta Phi vs. Firehouse, to
morrow
(All games to be played on fiold
opposite Sunken Diamond at 4:15
p.m.)
Phi Psi vs. Encina !i\V, today
A.T.O. vs. Encina 4E. tomorrow
Phi Delta Phi vs. Firehouse, to
morrow
(All games to be played on fiold
opposite Sunken Diamond at 4:15
p.m.)
Phi Psi vs. Encina !i\V, today
A.T.O. vs. Encina 4E. tomorrow
Phi Delta Phi vs. Firehouse, to
morrow
(All games to be played on fiold
opposite Sunken Diamond at 4:15
p.m.)
Phi Psi vs. Encina !i\V, today
A.T.O. vs. Encina 4E. tomorrow
Phi Delta Phi vs. Firehouse, to
morrow
(All games to be played on fiold
opposite Sunken Diamond at 4:15
p.m.)
Phi Psi vs. Encina !i\V, today
A.T.O. vs. Encina 4E. tomorrow
Phi Delta Phi vs. Firehouse, to
morrow
