# Adv. 35 Page 11
## 
### 
MAKE A WORLD OF I
DIFFERENCE. I
I
There's an endless frontier of need out there, stretching from the
Sahara to the Andes to the Atolls of the South Pacific. In 20 years,
80,000 Peace Corps volunteers have traveled to all of them, to work
with people in over 80 countries. They've done everything from
helping villagers dig wells and build houses, to teaching them lan
guages and skilled trades, to giving advice on farming and health
care. Join a phenomenal tradition. The difference is a better world,
and a better you.
MAKE A WORLD OF I
DIFFERENCE. I
I
There's an endless frontier of need out there, stretching from the
Sahara to the Andes to the Atolls of the South Pacific. In 20 years,
80,000 Peace Corps volunteers have traveled to all of them, to work
with people in over 80 countries. They've done everything from
helping villagers dig wells and build houses, to teaching them lan
guages and skilled trades, to giving advice on farming and health
care. Join a phenomenal tradition. The difference is a better world,
and a better you.
MAKE A WORLD OF I
DIFFERENCE. I
I
There's an endless frontier of need out there, stretching from the
Sahara to the Andes to the Atolls of the South Pacific. In 20 years,
80,000 Peace Corps volunteers have traveled to all of them, to work
with people in over 80 countries. They've done everything from
helping villagers dig wells and build houses, to teaching them lan
guages and skilled trades, to giving advice on farming and health
care. Join a phenomenal tradition. The difference is a better world,
and a better you.
MAKE A WORLD OF I
DIFFERENCE. I
I
There's an endless frontier of need out there, stretching from the
Sahara to the Andes to the Atolls of the South Pacific. In 20 years,
80,000 Peace Corps volunteers have traveled to all of them, to work
with people in over 80 countries. They've done everything from
helping villagers dig wells and build houses, to teaching them lan
guages and skilled trades, to giving advice on farming and health
care. Join a phenomenal tradition. The difference is a better world,
and a better you.
MAKE A WORLD OF I
DIFFERENCE. I
I
There's an endless frontier of need out there, stretching from the
Sahara to the Andes to the Atolls of the South Pacific. In 20 years,
80,000 Peace Corps volunteers have traveled to all of them, to work
with people in over 80 countries. They've done everything from
helping villagers dig wells and build houses, to teaching them lan
guages and skilled trades, to giving advice on farming and health
care. Join a phenomenal tradition. The difference is a better world,
and a better you.
MAKE A WORLD OF I
DIFFERENCE. I
I
There's an endless frontier of need out there, stretching from the
Sahara to the Andes to the Atolls of the South Pacific. In 20 years,
80,000 Peace Corps volunteers have traveled to all of them, to work
with people in over 80 countries. They've done everything from
helping villagers dig wells and build houses, to teaching them lan
guages and skilled trades, to giving advice on farming and health
care. Join a phenomenal tradition. The difference is a better world,
and a better you.
MAKE A WORLD OF I
DIFFERENCE. I
I
There's an endless frontier of need out there, stretching from the
Sahara to the Andes to the Atolls of the South Pacific. In 20 years,
80,000 Peace Corps volunteers have traveled to all of them, to work
with people in over 80 countries. They've done everything from
helping villagers dig wells and build houses, to teaching them lan
guages and skilled trades, to giving advice on farming and health
care. Join a phenomenal tradition. The difference is a better world,
and a better you.
MAKE A WORLD OF I
DIFFERENCE. I
I
There's an endless frontier of need out there, stretching from the
Sahara to the Andes to the Atolls of the South Pacific. In 20 years,
80,000 Peace Corps volunteers have traveled to all of them, to work
with people in over 80 countries. They've done everything from
helping villagers dig wells and build houses, to teaching them lan
guages and skilled trades, to giving advice on farming and health
care. Join a phenomenal tradition. The difference is a better world,
and a better you.
