# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The cartoons on this
page were submitted
by Rhio Hiersch of
the Cay and Lesbian
Alliance at Stanford.
They appear courtesy
of Christopher Street
Magazine.
The cartoons on this
page were submitted
by Rhio Hiersch of
the Cay and Lesbian
Alliance at Stanford.
They appear courtesy
of Christopher Street
Magazine.
The cartoons on this
page were submitted
by Rhio Hiersch of
the Cay and Lesbian
Alliance at Stanford.
They appear courtesy
of Christopher Street
Magazine.
The cartoons on this
page were submitted
by Rhio Hiersch of
the Cay and Lesbian
Alliance at Stanford.
They appear courtesy
of Christopher Street
Magazine.
The cartoons on this
page were submitted
by Rhio Hiersch of
the Cay and Lesbian
Alliance at Stanford.
They appear courtesy
of Christopher Street
Magazine.
The cartoons on this
page were submitted
by Rhio Hiersch of
the Cay and Lesbian
Alliance at Stanford.
They appear courtesy
of Christopher Street
Magazine.
The cartoons on this
page were submitted
by Rhio Hiersch of
the Cay and Lesbian
Alliance at Stanford.
They appear courtesy
of Christopher Street
Magazine.
The cartoons on this
page were submitted
by Rhio Hiersch of
the Cay and Lesbian
Alliance at Stanford.
They appear courtesy
of Christopher Street
Magazine.
