# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Advertisers and subscribers are two
of the most essential elements in the
conduct of a newspaper. The value
of a paper as an advertising medium
depends largely upon the size of its
circulating list. The business man
must be shown how he will be sub
stantially benefitted before he will
advertise. The advertiser is the man
who brings the greatest revenue to
the paper. "The Daily Palo z\lto" is
the official organ of the student body.
The support which it expects from
the students comes in the way of sub
scriptions. Every room in the men's
dormitory is supplied with one copy
of the paper. The women's dormitor
ies have also contributed their share
of subscriptions. But some of the
house organizations have been negli
gent in affixing their names to the
manager's register. In some cases
organizations numbering twenty to
twenty-five students take but two or
three copies of the paper. Is this
support? The manager doesn't think
so.
Advertisers and subscribers are two
of the most essential elements in the
conduct of a newspaper. The value
of a paper as an advertising medium
depends largely upon the size of its
circulating list. The business man
must be shown how he will be sub
stantially benefitted before he will
advertise. The advertiser is the man
who brings the greatest revenue to
the paper. "The Daily Palo z\lto" is
the official organ of the student body.
The support which it expects from
the students comes in the way of sub
scriptions. Every room in the men's
dormitory is supplied with one copy
of the paper. The women's dormitor
ies have also contributed their share
of subscriptions. But some of the
house organizations have been negli
gent in affixing their names to the
manager's register. In some cases
organizations numbering twenty to
twenty-five students take but two or
three copies of the paper. Is this
support? The manager doesn't think
so.
Advertisers and subscribers are two
of the most essential elements in the
conduct of a newspaper. The value
of a paper as an advertising medium
depends largely upon the size of its
circulating list. The business man
must be shown how he will be sub
stantially benefitted before he will
advertise. The advertiser is the man
who brings the greatest revenue to
the paper. "The Daily Palo z\lto" is
the official organ of the student body.
The support which it expects from
the students comes in the way of sub
scriptions. Every room in the men's
dormitory is supplied with one copy
of the paper. The women's dormitor
ies have also contributed their share
of subscriptions. But some of the
house organizations have been negli
gent in affixing their names to the
manager's register. In some cases
organizations numbering twenty to
twenty-five students take but two or
three copies of the paper. Is this
support? The manager doesn't think
so.
Advertisers and subscribers are two
of the most essential elements in the
conduct of a newspaper. The value
of a paper as an advertising medium
depends largely upon the size of its
circulating list. The business man
must be shown how he will be sub
stantially benefitted before he will
advertise. The advertiser is the man
who brings the greatest revenue to
the paper. "The Daily Palo z\lto" is
the official organ of the student body.
The support which it expects from
the students comes in the way of sub
scriptions. Every room in the men's
dormitory is supplied with one copy
of the paper. The women's dormitor
ies have also contributed their share
of subscriptions. But some of the
house organizations have been negli
gent in affixing their names to the
manager's register. In some cases
organizations numbering twenty to
twenty-five students take but two or
three copies of the paper. Is this
support? The manager doesn't think
so.
Advertisers and subscribers are two
of the most essential elements in the
conduct of a newspaper. The value
of a paper as an advertising medium
depends largely upon the size of its
circulating list. The business man
must be shown how he will be sub
stantially benefitted before he will
advertise. The advertiser is the man
who brings the greatest revenue to
the paper. "The Daily Palo z\lto" is
the official organ of the student body.
The support which it expects from
the students comes in the way of sub
scriptions. Every room in the men's
dormitory is supplied with one copy
of the paper. The women's dormitor
ies have also contributed their share
of subscriptions. But some of the
house organizations have been negli
gent in affixing their names to the
manager's register. In some cases
organizations numbering twenty to
twenty-five students take but two or
three copies of the paper. Is this
support? The manager doesn't think
so.
Advertisers and subscribers are two
of the most essential elements in the
conduct of a newspaper. The value
of a paper as an advertising medium
depends largely upon the size of its
circulating list. The business man
must be shown how he will be sub
stantially benefitted before he will
advertise. The advertiser is the man
who brings the greatest revenue to
the paper. "The Daily Palo z\lto" is
the official organ of the student body.
The support which it expects from
the students comes in the way of sub
scriptions. Every room in the men's
dormitory is supplied with one copy
of the paper. The women's dormitor
ies have also contributed their share
of subscriptions. But some of the
house organizations have been negli
gent in affixing their names to the
manager's register. In some cases
organizations numbering twenty to
twenty-five students take but two or
three copies of the paper. Is this
support? The manager doesn't think
so.
Advertisers and subscribers are two
of the most essential elements in the
conduct of a newspaper. The value
of a paper as an advertising medium
depends largely upon the size of its
circulating list. The business man
must be shown how he will be sub
stantially benefitted before he will
advertise. The advertiser is the man
who brings the greatest revenue to
the paper. "The Daily Palo z\lto" is
the official organ of the student body.
The support which it expects from
the students comes in the way of sub
scriptions. Every room in the men's
dormitory is supplied with one copy
of the paper. The women's dormitor
ies have also contributed their share
of subscriptions. But some of the
house organizations have been negli
gent in affixing their names to the
manager's register. In some cases
organizations numbering twenty to
twenty-five students take but two or
three copies of the paper. Is this
support? The manager doesn't think
so.
Advertisers and subscribers are two
of the most essential elements in the
conduct of a newspaper. The value
of a paper as an advertising medium
depends largely upon the size of its
circulating list. The business man
must be shown how he will be sub
stantially benefitted before he will
advertise. The advertiser is the man
who brings the greatest revenue to
the paper. "The Daily Palo z\lto" is
the official organ of the student body.
The support which it expects from
the students comes in the way of sub
scriptions. Every room in the men's
dormitory is supplied with one copy
of the paper. The women's dormitor
ies have also contributed their share
of subscriptions. But some of the
house organizations have been negli
gent in affixing their names to the
manager's register. In some cases
organizations numbering twenty to
twenty-five students take but two or
three copies of the paper. Is this
support? The manager doesn't think
so.
Advertisers and subscribers are two
of the most essential elements in the
conduct of a newspaper. The value
of a paper as an advertising medium
depends largely upon the size of its
circulating list. The business man
must be shown how he will be sub
stantially benefitted before he will
advertise. The advertiser is the man
who brings the greatest revenue to
the paper. "The Daily Palo z\lto" is
the official organ of the student body.
The support which it expects from
the students comes in the way of sub
scriptions. Every room in the men's
dormitory is supplied with one copy
of the paper. The women's dormitor
ies have also contributed their share
of subscriptions. But some of the
house organizations have been negli
gent in affixing their names to the
manager's register. In some cases
organizations numbering twenty to
twenty-five students take but two or
three copies of the paper. Is this
support? The manager doesn't think
so.
Advertisers and subscribers are two
of the most essential elements in the
conduct of a newspaper. The value
of a paper as an advertising medium
depends largely upon the size of its
circulating list. The business man
must be shown how he will be sub
stantially benefitted before he will
advertise. The advertiser is the man
who brings the greatest revenue to
the paper. "The Daily Palo z\lto" is
the official organ of the student body.
The support which it expects from
the students comes in the way of sub
scriptions. Every room in the men's
dormitory is supplied with one copy
of the paper. The women's dormitor
ies have also contributed their share
of subscriptions. But some of the
house organizations have been negli
gent in affixing their names to the
manager's register. In some cases
organizations numbering twenty to
twenty-five students take but two or
three copies of the paper. Is this
support? The manager doesn't think
so.
Advertisers and subscribers are two
of the most essential elements in the
conduct of a newspaper. The value
of a paper as an advertising medium
depends largely upon the size of its
circulating list. The business man
must be shown how he will be sub
stantially benefitted before he will
advertise. The advertiser is the man
who brings the greatest revenue to
the paper. "The Daily Palo z\lto" is
the official organ of the student body.
The support which it expects from
the students comes in the way of sub
scriptions. Every room in the men's
dormitory is supplied with one copy
of the paper. The women's dormitor
ies have also contributed their share
of subscriptions. But some of the
house organizations have been negli
gent in affixing their names to the
manager's register. In some cases
organizations numbering twenty to
twenty-five students take but two or
three copies of the paper. Is this
support? The manager doesn't think
so.
Advertisers and subscribers are two
of the most essential elements in the
conduct of a newspaper. The value
of a paper as an advertising medium
depends largely upon the size of its
circulating list. The business man
must be shown how he will be sub
stantially benefitted before he will
advertise. The advertiser is the man
who brings the greatest revenue to
the paper. "The Daily Palo z\lto" is
the official organ of the student body.
The support which it expects from
the students comes in the way of sub
scriptions. Every room in the men's
dormitory is supplied with one copy
of the paper. The women's dormitor
ies have also contributed their share
of subscriptions. But some of the
house organizations have been negli
gent in affixing their names to the
manager's register. In some cases
organizations numbering twenty to
twenty-five students take but two or
three copies of the paper. Is this
support? The manager doesn't think
so.
Advertisers and subscribers are two
of the most essential elements in the
conduct of a newspaper. The value
of a paper as an advertising medium
depends largely upon the size of its
circulating list. The business man
must be shown how he will be sub
stantially benefitted before he will
advertise. The advertiser is the man
who brings the greatest revenue to
the paper. "The Daily Palo z\lto" is
the official organ of the student body.
The support which it expects from
the students comes in the way of sub
scriptions. Every room in the men's
dormitory is supplied with one copy
of the paper. The women's dormitor
ies have also contributed their share
of subscriptions. But some of the
house organizations have been negli
gent in affixing their names to the
manager's register. In some cases
organizations numbering twenty to
twenty-five students take but two or
three copies of the paper. Is this
support? The manager doesn't think
so.
Advertisers and subscribers are two
of the most essential elements in the
conduct of a newspaper. The value
of a paper as an advertising medium
depends largely upon the size of its
circulating list. The business man
must be shown how he will be sub
stantially benefitted before he will
advertise. The advertiser is the man
who brings the greatest revenue to
the paper. "The Daily Palo z\lto" is
the official organ of the student body.
The support which it expects from
the students comes in the way of sub
scriptions. Every room in the men's
dormitory is supplied with one copy
of the paper. The women's dormitor
ies have also contributed their share
of subscriptions. But some of the
house organizations have been negli
gent in affixing their names to the
manager's register. In some cases
organizations numbering twenty to
twenty-five students take but two or
three copies of the paper. Is this
support? The manager doesn't think
so.
