# Corrections
## 
### 
In the April 30 and May 7 issues, The Daily incorrectly ran an old ad
vertisement tor Storage USA that contained an expired otter. The in
tended ad with a current student offer will be published on May 19, 21
and 28.
In the April 30 and May 7 issues, The Daily incorrectly ran an old ad
vertisement tor Storage USA that contained an expired otter. The in
tended ad with a current student offer will be published on May 19, 21
and 28.
In the April 30 and May 7 issues, The Daily incorrectly ran an old ad
vertisement tor Storage USA that contained an expired otter. The in
tended ad with a current student offer will be published on May 19, 21
and 28.
In the April 30 and May 7 issues, The Daily incorrectly ran an old ad
vertisement tor Storage USA that contained an expired otter. The in
tended ad with a current student offer will be published on May 19, 21
and 28.
In the April 30 and May 7 issues, The Daily incorrectly ran an old ad
vertisement tor Storage USA that contained an expired otter. The in
tended ad with a current student offer will be published on May 19, 21
and 28.
In the April 30 and May 7 issues, The Daily incorrectly ran an old ad
vertisement tor Storage USA that contained an expired otter. The in
tended ad with a current student offer will be published on May 19, 21
and 28.
In the April 30 and May 7 issues, The Daily incorrectly ran an old ad
vertisement tor Storage USA that contained an expired otter. The in
tended ad with a current student offer will be published on May 19, 21
and 28.
In the April 30 and May 7 issues, The Daily incorrectly ran an old ad
vertisement tor Storage USA that contained an expired otter. The in
tended ad with a current student offer will be published on May 19, 21
and 28.
