# Untitled Article
## 
### 

BAZOOKA'S BROTHER—Here's the new British anti-tank gun, named the piat, projector
infantry anti-tank gun. It weighs 33 pounds and tires a 234-pound bomb, which can
pierce four inches of best armor plate with force of a 75 mm. gun. It is easily carried
by one man.

BAZOOKA'S BROTHER—Here's the new British anti-tank gun, named the piat, projector
infantry anti-tank gun. It weighs 33 pounds and tires a 234-pound bomb, which can
pierce four inches of best armor plate with force of a 75 mm. gun. It is easily carried
by one man.

BAZOOKA'S BROTHER—Here's the new British anti-tank gun, named the piat, projector
infantry anti-tank gun. It weighs 33 pounds and tires a 234-pound bomb, which can
pierce four inches of best armor plate with force of a 75 mm. gun. It is easily carried
by one man.

BAZOOKA'S BROTHER—Here's the new British anti-tank gun, named the piat, projector
infantry anti-tank gun. It weighs 33 pounds and tires a 234-pound bomb, which can
pierce four inches of best armor plate with force of a 75 mm. gun. It is easily carried
by one man.

BAZOOKA'S BROTHER—Here's the new British anti-tank gun, named the piat, projector
infantry anti-tank gun. It weighs 33 pounds and tires a 234-pound bomb, which can
pierce four inches of best armor plate with force of a 75 mm. gun. It is easily carried
by one man.

BAZOOKA'S BROTHER—Here's the new British anti-tank gun, named the piat, projector
infantry anti-tank gun. It weighs 33 pounds and tires a 234-pound bomb, which can
pierce four inches of best armor plate with force of a 75 mm. gun. It is easily carried
by one man.

BAZOOKA'S BROTHER—Here's the new British anti-tank gun, named the piat, projector
infantry anti-tank gun. It weighs 33 pounds and tires a 234-pound bomb, which can
pierce four inches of best armor plate with force of a 75 mm. gun. It is easily carried
by one man.

BAZOOKA'S BROTHER—Here's the new British anti-tank gun, named the piat, projector
infantry anti-tank gun. It weighs 33 pounds and tires a 234-pound bomb, which can
pierce four inches of best armor plate with force of a 75 mm. gun. It is easily carried
by one man.

BAZOOKA'S BROTHER—Here's the new British anti-tank gun, named the piat, projector
infantry anti-tank gun. It weighs 33 pounds and tires a 234-pound bomb, which can
pierce four inches of best armor plate with force of a 75 mm. gun. It is easily carried
by one man.

BAZOOKA'S BROTHER—Here's the new British anti-tank gun, named the piat, projector
infantry anti-tank gun. It weighs 33 pounds and tires a 234-pound bomb, which can
pierce four inches of best armor plate with force of a 75 mm. gun. It is easily carried
by one man.

BAZOOKA'S BROTHER—Here's the new British anti-tank gun, named the piat, projector
infantry anti-tank gun. It weighs 33 pounds and tires a 234-pound bomb, which can
pierce four inches of best armor plate with force of a 75 mm. gun. It is easily carried
by one man.

BAZOOKA'S BROTHER—Here's the new British anti-tank gun, named the piat, projector
infantry anti-tank gun. It weighs 33 pounds and tires a 234-pound bomb, which can
pierce four inches of best armor plate with force of a 75 mm. gun. It is easily carried
by one man.

BAZOOKA'S BROTHER—Here's the new British anti-tank gun, named the piat, projector
infantry anti-tank gun. It weighs 33 pounds and tires a 234-pound bomb, which can
pierce four inches of best armor plate with force of a 75 mm. gun. It is easily carried
by one man.

BAZOOKA'S BROTHER—Here's the new British anti-tank gun, named the piat, projector
infantry anti-tank gun. It weighs 33 pounds and tires a 234-pound bomb, which can
pierce four inches of best armor plate with force of a 75 mm. gun. It is easily carried
by one man.

BAZOOKA'S BROTHER—Here's the new British anti-tank gun, named the piat, projector
infantry anti-tank gun. It weighs 33 pounds and tires a 234-pound bomb, which can
pierce four inches of best armor plate with force of a 75 mm. gun. It is easily carried
by one man.
