# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The Schubert Club elected the fol
lowing officers at their business meet
ing last night: Miss R. Hanna, '10,
president: secretary, Miss H. Gilbert,
'12; business manager, Miss N. Moise,
'12; librarian, Miss D. Camsden, '13.
The Schubert Club elected the fol
lowing officers at their business meet
ing last night: Miss R. Hanna, '10,
president: secretary, Miss H. Gilbert,
'12; business manager, Miss N. Moise,
'12; librarian, Miss D. Camsden, '13.
The Schubert Club elected the fol
lowing officers at their business meet
ing last night: Miss R. Hanna, '10,
president: secretary, Miss H. Gilbert,
'12; business manager, Miss N. Moise,
'12; librarian, Miss D. Camsden, '13.
The Schubert Club elected the fol
lowing officers at their business meet
ing last night: Miss R. Hanna, '10,
president: secretary, Miss H. Gilbert,
'12; business manager, Miss N. Moise,
'12; librarian, Miss D. Camsden, '13.
The Schubert Club elected the fol
lowing officers at their business meet
ing last night: Miss R. Hanna, '10,
president: secretary, Miss H. Gilbert,
'12; business manager, Miss N. Moise,
'12; librarian, Miss D. Camsden, '13.
The Schubert Club elected the fol
lowing officers at their business meet
ing last night: Miss R. Hanna, '10,
president: secretary, Miss H. Gilbert,
'12; business manager, Miss N. Moise,
'12; librarian, Miss D. Camsden, '13.
The Schubert Club elected the fol
lowing officers at their business meet
ing last night: Miss R. Hanna, '10,
president: secretary, Miss H. Gilbert,
'12; business manager, Miss N. Moise,
'12; librarian, Miss D. Camsden, '13.
The Schubert Club elected the fol
lowing officers at their business meet
ing last night: Miss R. Hanna, '10,
president: secretary, Miss H. Gilbert,
'12; business manager, Miss N. Moise,
'12; librarian, Miss D. Camsden, '13.
The Schubert Club elected the fol
lowing officers at their business meet
ing last night: Miss R. Hanna, '10,
president: secretary, Miss H. Gilbert,
'12; business manager, Miss N. Moise,
'12; librarian, Miss D. Camsden, '13.
The Schubert Club elected the fol
lowing officers at their business meet
ing last night: Miss R. Hanna, '10,
president: secretary, Miss H. Gilbert,
'12; business manager, Miss N. Moise,
'12; librarian, Miss D. Camsden, '13.
The Schubert Club elected the fol
lowing officers at their business meet
ing last night: Miss R. Hanna, '10,
president: secretary, Miss H. Gilbert,
'12; business manager, Miss N. Moise,
'12; librarian, Miss D. Camsden, '13.
