# Admissions letters sent to applicants
## 
### 
Within the next few days,
more than 12,000 high school
seniors who applied to the Uni
versity will get "the letter"
they've been anticipating for
months — with either a note of
congratulations from Dean of
Admissions Fred Hargadon or
the disappointing "We are sorry
to inform you . .
Die University accepted 2300
applicants this year, 100 fewer
than last year.
Despite an announced tuition
hike of 12.3 percent effective
next year, the Admissions Office
received a record number of ap
plications this year, up 900 from
last year.
Some University officials have
expressed concern that the tui
tion increase might eliminate
applicants from middle-income
families who do not qualify for
financial aid yet are unable to
afford Stanford's increasing tui
tion costs. Hargadon said he had
"absolutely no idea" if this pre
diction is valid.
"My guess is that it doesn't
make any difference at all," he
said. Hargadon was able to as
sure one thing, however — "It
looks like an excellent class."
Within the next few days,
more than 12,000 high school
seniors who applied to the Uni
versity will get "the letter"
they've been anticipating for
months — with either a note of
congratulations from Dean of
Admissions Fred Hargadon or
the disappointing "We are sorry
to inform you . .
Die University accepted 2300
applicants this year, 100 fewer
than last year.
Despite an announced tuition
hike of 12.3 percent effective
next year, the Admissions Office
received a record number of ap
plications this year, up 900 from
last year.
Some University officials have
expressed concern that the tui
tion increase might eliminate
applicants from middle-income
families who do not qualify for
financial aid yet are unable to
afford Stanford's increasing tui
tion costs. Hargadon said he had
"absolutely no idea" if this pre
diction is valid.
"My guess is that it doesn't
make any difference at all," he
said. Hargadon was able to as
sure one thing, however — "It
looks like an excellent class."
Within the next few days,
more than 12,000 high school
seniors who applied to the Uni
versity will get "the letter"
they've been anticipating for
months — with either a note of
congratulations from Dean of
Admissions Fred Hargadon or
the disappointing "We are sorry
to inform you . .
Die University accepted 2300
applicants this year, 100 fewer
than last year.
Despite an announced tuition
hike of 12.3 percent effective
next year, the Admissions Office
received a record number of ap
plications this year, up 900 from
last year.
Some University officials have
expressed concern that the tui
tion increase might eliminate
applicants from middle-income
families who do not qualify for
financial aid yet are unable to
afford Stanford's increasing tui
tion costs. Hargadon said he had
"absolutely no idea" if this pre
diction is valid.
"My guess is that it doesn't
make any difference at all," he
said. Hargadon was able to as
sure one thing, however — "It
looks like an excellent class."
Within the next few days,
more than 12,000 high school
seniors who applied to the Uni
versity will get "the letter"
they've been anticipating for
months — with either a note of
congratulations from Dean of
Admissions Fred Hargadon or
the disappointing "We are sorry
to inform you . .
Die University accepted 2300
applicants this year, 100 fewer
than last year.
Despite an announced tuition
hike of 12.3 percent effective
next year, the Admissions Office
received a record number of ap
plications this year, up 900 from
last year.
Some University officials have
expressed concern that the tui
tion increase might eliminate
applicants from middle-income
families who do not qualify for
financial aid yet are unable to
afford Stanford's increasing tui
tion costs. Hargadon said he had
"absolutely no idea" if this pre
diction is valid.
"My guess is that it doesn't
make any difference at all," he
said. Hargadon was able to as
sure one thing, however — "It
looks like an excellent class."
Within the next few days,
more than 12,000 high school
seniors who applied to the Uni
versity will get "the letter"
they've been anticipating for
months — with either a note of
congratulations from Dean of
Admissions Fred Hargadon or
the disappointing "We are sorry
to inform you . .
Die University accepted 2300
applicants this year, 100 fewer
than last year.
Despite an announced tuition
hike of 12.3 percent effective
next year, the Admissions Office
received a record number of ap
plications this year, up 900 from
last year.
Some University officials have
expressed concern that the tui
tion increase might eliminate
applicants from middle-income
families who do not qualify for
financial aid yet are unable to
afford Stanford's increasing tui
tion costs. Hargadon said he had
"absolutely no idea" if this pre
diction is valid.
"My guess is that it doesn't
make any difference at all," he
said. Hargadon was able to as
sure one thing, however — "It
looks like an excellent class."
Within the next few days,
more than 12,000 high school
seniors who applied to the Uni
versity will get "the letter"
they've been anticipating for
months — with either a note of
congratulations from Dean of
Admissions Fred Hargadon or
the disappointing "We are sorry
to inform you . .
Die University accepted 2300
applicants this year, 100 fewer
than last year.
Despite an announced tuition
hike of 12.3 percent effective
next year, the Admissions Office
received a record number of ap
plications this year, up 900 from
last year.
Some University officials have
expressed concern that the tui
tion increase might eliminate
applicants from middle-income
families who do not qualify for
financial aid yet are unable to
afford Stanford's increasing tui
tion costs. Hargadon said he had
"absolutely no idea" if this pre
diction is valid.
"My guess is that it doesn't
make any difference at all," he
said. Hargadon was able to as
sure one thing, however — "It
looks like an excellent class."
Within the next few days,
more than 12,000 high school
seniors who applied to the Uni
versity will get "the letter"
they've been anticipating for
months — with either a note of
congratulations from Dean of
Admissions Fred Hargadon or
the disappointing "We are sorry
to inform you . .
Die University accepted 2300
applicants this year, 100 fewer
than last year.
Despite an announced tuition
hike of 12.3 percent effective
next year, the Admissions Office
received a record number of ap
plications this year, up 900 from
last year.
Some University officials have
expressed concern that the tui
tion increase might eliminate
applicants from middle-income
families who do not qualify for
financial aid yet are unable to
afford Stanford's increasing tui
tion costs. Hargadon said he had
"absolutely no idea" if this pre
diction is valid.
"My guess is that it doesn't
make any difference at all," he
said. Hargadon was able to as
sure one thing, however — "It
looks like an excellent class."
Within the next few days,
more than 12,000 high school
seniors who applied to the Uni
versity will get "the letter"
they've been anticipating for
months — with either a note of
congratulations from Dean of
Admissions Fred Hargadon or
the disappointing "We are sorry
to inform you . .
Die University accepted 2300
applicants this year, 100 fewer
than last year.
Despite an announced tuition
hike of 12.3 percent effective
next year, the Admissions Office
received a record number of ap
plications this year, up 900 from
last year.
Some University officials have
expressed concern that the tui
tion increase might eliminate
applicants from middle-income
families who do not qualify for
financial aid yet are unable to
afford Stanford's increasing tui
tion costs. Hargadon said he had
"absolutely no idea" if this pre
diction is valid.
"My guess is that it doesn't
make any difference at all," he
said. Hargadon was able to as
sure one thing, however — "It
looks like an excellent class."
Within the next few days,
more than 12,000 high school
seniors who applied to the Uni
versity will get "the letter"
they've been anticipating for
months — with either a note of
congratulations from Dean of
Admissions Fred Hargadon or
the disappointing "We are sorry
to inform you . .
Die University accepted 2300
applicants this year, 100 fewer
than last year.
Despite an announced tuition
hike of 12.3 percent effective
next year, the Admissions Office
received a record number of ap
plications this year, up 900 from
last year.
Some University officials have
expressed concern that the tui
tion increase might eliminate
applicants from middle-income
families who do not qualify for
financial aid yet are unable to
afford Stanford's increasing tui
tion costs. Hargadon said he had
"absolutely no idea" if this pre
diction is valid.
"My guess is that it doesn't
make any difference at all," he
said. Hargadon was able to as
sure one thing, however — "It
looks like an excellent class."
