# Adv. 31 Page 6
## 
### 
Repair Your Own Car
At Van Home's Garage
Small charge for use of
shop and tools
Highway between Palo Alto
and Menlo Park
Repair Your Own Car
At Van Home's Garage
Small charge for use of
shop and tools
Highway between Palo Alto
and Menlo Park
Repair Your Own Car
At Van Home's Garage
Small charge for use of
shop and tools
Highway between Palo Alto
and Menlo Park
Repair Your Own Car
At Van Home's Garage
Small charge for use of
shop and tools
Highway between Palo Alto
and Menlo Park
Repair Your Own Car
At Van Home's Garage
Small charge for use of
shop and tools
Highway between Palo Alto
and Menlo Park
Repair Your Own Car
At Van Home's Garage
Small charge for use of
shop and tools
Highway between Palo Alto
and Menlo Park
Repair Your Own Car
At Van Home's Garage
Small charge for use of
shop and tools
Highway between Palo Alto
and Menlo Park
Repair Your Own Car
At Van Home's Garage
Small charge for use of
shop and tools
Highway between Palo Alto
and Menlo Park
Repair Your Own Car
At Van Home's Garage
Small charge for use of
shop and tools
Highway between Palo Alto
and Menlo Park
Repair Your Own Car
At Van Home's Garage
Small charge for use of
shop and tools
Highway between Palo Alto
and Menlo Park
Repair Your Own Car
At Van Home's Garage
Small charge for use of
shop and tools
Highway between Palo Alto
and Menlo Park
Repair Your Own Car
At Van Home's Garage
Small charge for use of
shop and tools
Highway between Palo Alto
and Menlo Park
Repair Your Own Car
At Van Home's Garage
Small charge for use of
shop and tools
Highway between Palo Alto
and Menlo Park
Repair Your Own Car
At Van Home's Garage
Small charge for use of
shop and tools
Highway between Palo Alto
and Menlo Park
Repair Your Own Car
At Van Home's Garage
Small charge for use of
shop and tools
Highway between Palo Alto
and Menlo Park
