# PROFESSOR ANGELL IS HONORED BY BANQUET
## 
### 
Tau Psi Epsilon, Psychological fra
ternity, held a banquet Monday evening
in honor of Professor Emeritus Frank
Angell, who founded the Psychology de
partment. Dr. Angell discussed Dr. E. B.
Titchener, former head of the Psychology
department at Cornell, who died a few
months ago. The two men were close
friends.
About thirty people attended the ban
quet, which was held upstairs in the
Psychology building. Mrs. Catharine Cox
Miles was toastmistress.
Tau Psi Epsilon, Psychological fra
ternity, held a banquet Monday evening
in honor of Professor Emeritus Frank
Angell, who founded the Psychology de
partment. Dr. Angell discussed Dr. E. B.
Titchener, former head of the Psychology
department at Cornell, who died a few
months ago. The two men were close
friends.
About thirty people attended the ban
quet, which was held upstairs in the
Psychology building. Mrs. Catharine Cox
Miles was toastmistress.
Tau Psi Epsilon, Psychological fra
ternity, held a banquet Monday evening
in honor of Professor Emeritus Frank
Angell, who founded the Psychology de
partment. Dr. Angell discussed Dr. E. B.
Titchener, former head of the Psychology
department at Cornell, who died a few
months ago. The two men were close
friends.
About thirty people attended the ban
quet, which was held upstairs in the
Psychology building. Mrs. Catharine Cox
Miles was toastmistress.
Tau Psi Epsilon, Psychological fra
ternity, held a banquet Monday evening
in honor of Professor Emeritus Frank
Angell, who founded the Psychology de
partment. Dr. Angell discussed Dr. E. B.
Titchener, former head of the Psychology
department at Cornell, who died a few
months ago. The two men were close
friends.
About thirty people attended the ban
quet, which was held upstairs in the
Psychology building. Mrs. Catharine Cox
Miles was toastmistress.
Tau Psi Epsilon, Psychological fra
ternity, held a banquet Monday evening
in honor of Professor Emeritus Frank
Angell, who founded the Psychology de
partment. Dr. Angell discussed Dr. E. B.
Titchener, former head of the Psychology
department at Cornell, who died a few
months ago. The two men were close
friends.
About thirty people attended the ban
quet, which was held upstairs in the
Psychology building. Mrs. Catharine Cox
Miles was toastmistress.
Tau Psi Epsilon, Psychological fra
ternity, held a banquet Monday evening
in honor of Professor Emeritus Frank
Angell, who founded the Psychology de
partment. Dr. Angell discussed Dr. E. B.
Titchener, former head of the Psychology
department at Cornell, who died a few
months ago. The two men were close
friends.
About thirty people attended the ban
quet, which was held upstairs in the
Psychology building. Mrs. Catharine Cox
Miles was toastmistress.
Tau Psi Epsilon, Psychological fra
ternity, held a banquet Monday evening
in honor of Professor Emeritus Frank
Angell, who founded the Psychology de
partment. Dr. Angell discussed Dr. E. B.
Titchener, former head of the Psychology
department at Cornell, who died a few
months ago. The two men were close
friends.
About thirty people attended the ban
quet, which was held upstairs in the
Psychology building. Mrs. Catharine Cox
Miles was toastmistress.
Tau Psi Epsilon, Psychological fra
ternity, held a banquet Monday evening
in honor of Professor Emeritus Frank
Angell, who founded the Psychology de
partment. Dr. Angell discussed Dr. E. B.
Titchener, former head of the Psychology
department at Cornell, who died a few
months ago. The two men were close
friends.
About thirty people attended the ban
quet, which was held upstairs in the
Psychology building. Mrs. Catharine Cox
Miles was toastmistress.
Tau Psi Epsilon, Psychological fra
ternity, held a banquet Monday evening
in honor of Professor Emeritus Frank
Angell, who founded the Psychology de
partment. Dr. Angell discussed Dr. E. B.
Titchener, former head of the Psychology
department at Cornell, who died a few
months ago. The two men were close
friends.
About thirty people attended the ban
quet, which was held upstairs in the
Psychology building. Mrs. Catharine Cox
Miles was toastmistress.
Tau Psi Epsilon, Psychological fra
ternity, held a banquet Monday evening
in honor of Professor Emeritus Frank
Angell, who founded the Psychology de
partment. Dr. Angell discussed Dr. E. B.
Titchener, former head of the Psychology
department at Cornell, who died a few
months ago. The two men were close
friends.
About thirty people attended the ban
quet, which was held upstairs in the
Psychology building. Mrs. Catharine Cox
Miles was toastmistress.
Tau Psi Epsilon, Psychological fra
ternity, held a banquet Monday evening
in honor of Professor Emeritus Frank
Angell, who founded the Psychology de
partment. Dr. Angell discussed Dr. E. B.
Titchener, former head of the Psychology
department at Cornell, who died a few
months ago. The two men were close
friends.
About thirty people attended the ban
quet, which was held upstairs in the
Psychology building. Mrs. Catharine Cox
Miles was toastmistress.
Tau Psi Epsilon, Psychological fra
ternity, held a banquet Monday evening
in honor of Professor Emeritus Frank
Angell, who founded the Psychology de
partment. Dr. Angell discussed Dr. E. B.
Titchener, former head of the Psychology
department at Cornell, who died a few
months ago. The two men were close
friends.
About thirty people attended the ban
quet, which was held upstairs in the
Psychology building. Mrs. Catharine Cox
Miles was toastmistress.
Tau Psi Epsilon, Psychological fra
ternity, held a banquet Monday evening
in honor of Professor Emeritus Frank
Angell, who founded the Psychology de
partment. Dr. Angell discussed Dr. E. B.
Titchener, former head of the Psychology
department at Cornell, who died a few
months ago. The two men were close
friends.
About thirty people attended the ban
quet, which was held upstairs in the
Psychology building. Mrs. Catharine Cox
Miles was toastmistress.
Tau Psi Epsilon, Psychological fra
ternity, held a banquet Monday evening
in honor of Professor Emeritus Frank
Angell, who founded the Psychology de
partment. Dr. Angell discussed Dr. E. B.
Titchener, former head of the Psychology
department at Cornell, who died a few
months ago. The two men were close
friends.
About thirty people attended the ban
quet, which was held upstairs in the
Psychology building. Mrs. Catharine Cox
Miles was toastmistress.
Tau Psi Epsilon, Psychological fra
ternity, held a banquet Monday evening
in honor of Professor Emeritus Frank
Angell, who founded the Psychology de
partment. Dr. Angell discussed Dr. E. B.
Titchener, former head of the Psychology
department at Cornell, who died a few
months ago. The two men were close
friends.
About thirty people attended the ban
quet, which was held upstairs in the
Psychology building. Mrs. Catharine Cox
Miles was toastmistress.
