# Freshmen Club Guests For Thanksgiving Dinner
## 
### 
Through arrangements of the
Mothers' Club of Palo Alto, approxi
mately sixty freshmen not returning
home for Thanksgiving will have
Thanksgiving dinner in private homes
in Palo Alto, and between San Mateo
and Los Altos. Mrs. Edgar Smith of
the Mothers' Club is in charge and
Carl Carlsmith, sponsor at Encina,
has made arrangements with the
freshmen. >
Through arrangements of the
Mothers' Club of Palo Alto, approxi
mately sixty freshmen not returning
home for Thanksgiving will have
Thanksgiving dinner in private homes
in Palo Alto, and between San Mateo
and Los Altos. Mrs. Edgar Smith of
the Mothers' Club is in charge and
Carl Carlsmith, sponsor at Encina,
has made arrangements with the
freshmen. >
Through arrangements of the
Mothers' Club of Palo Alto, approxi
mately sixty freshmen not returning
home for Thanksgiving will have
Thanksgiving dinner in private homes
in Palo Alto, and between San Mateo
and Los Altos. Mrs. Edgar Smith of
the Mothers' Club is in charge and
Carl Carlsmith, sponsor at Encina,
has made arrangements with the
freshmen. >
Through arrangements of the
Mothers' Club of Palo Alto, approxi
mately sixty freshmen not returning
home for Thanksgiving will have
Thanksgiving dinner in private homes
in Palo Alto, and between San Mateo
and Los Altos. Mrs. Edgar Smith of
the Mothers' Club is in charge and
Carl Carlsmith, sponsor at Encina,
has made arrangements with the
freshmen. >
Through arrangements of the
Mothers' Club of Palo Alto, approxi
mately sixty freshmen not returning
home for Thanksgiving will have
Thanksgiving dinner in private homes
in Palo Alto, and between San Mateo
and Los Altos. Mrs. Edgar Smith of
the Mothers' Club is in charge and
Carl Carlsmith, sponsor at Encina,
has made arrangements with the
freshmen. >
Through arrangements of the
Mothers' Club of Palo Alto, approxi
mately sixty freshmen not returning
home for Thanksgiving will have
Thanksgiving dinner in private homes
in Palo Alto, and between San Mateo
and Los Altos. Mrs. Edgar Smith of
the Mothers' Club is in charge and
Carl Carlsmith, sponsor at Encina,
has made arrangements with the
freshmen. >
Through arrangements of the
Mothers' Club of Palo Alto, approxi
mately sixty freshmen not returning
home for Thanksgiving will have
Thanksgiving dinner in private homes
in Palo Alto, and between San Mateo
and Los Altos. Mrs. Edgar Smith of
the Mothers' Club is in charge and
Carl Carlsmith, sponsor at Encina,
has made arrangements with the
freshmen. >
Through arrangements of the
Mothers' Club of Palo Alto, approxi
mately sixty freshmen not returning
home for Thanksgiving will have
Thanksgiving dinner in private homes
in Palo Alto, and between San Mateo
and Los Altos. Mrs. Edgar Smith of
the Mothers' Club is in charge and
Carl Carlsmith, sponsor at Encina,
has made arrangements with the
freshmen. >
Through arrangements of the
Mothers' Club of Palo Alto, approxi
mately sixty freshmen not returning
home for Thanksgiving will have
Thanksgiving dinner in private homes
in Palo Alto, and between San Mateo
and Los Altos. Mrs. Edgar Smith of
the Mothers' Club is in charge and
Carl Carlsmith, sponsor at Encina,
has made arrangements with the
freshmen. >
Through arrangements of the
Mothers' Club of Palo Alto, approxi
mately sixty freshmen not returning
home for Thanksgiving will have
Thanksgiving dinner in private homes
in Palo Alto, and between San Mateo
and Los Altos. Mrs. Edgar Smith of
the Mothers' Club is in charge and
Carl Carlsmith, sponsor at Encina,
has made arrangements with the
freshmen. >
Through arrangements of the
Mothers' Club of Palo Alto, approxi
mately sixty freshmen not returning
home for Thanksgiving will have
Thanksgiving dinner in private homes
in Palo Alto, and between San Mateo
and Los Altos. Mrs. Edgar Smith of
the Mothers' Club is in charge and
Carl Carlsmith, sponsor at Encina,
has made arrangements with the
freshmen. >
Through arrangements of the
Mothers' Club of Palo Alto, approxi
mately sixty freshmen not returning
home for Thanksgiving will have
Thanksgiving dinner in private homes
in Palo Alto, and between San Mateo
and Los Altos. Mrs. Edgar Smith of
the Mothers' Club is in charge and
Carl Carlsmith, sponsor at Encina,
has made arrangements with the
freshmen. >
Through arrangements of the
Mothers' Club of Palo Alto, approxi
mately sixty freshmen not returning
home for Thanksgiving will have
Thanksgiving dinner in private homes
in Palo Alto, and between San Mateo
and Los Altos. Mrs. Edgar Smith of
the Mothers' Club is in charge and
Carl Carlsmith, sponsor at Encina,
has made arrangements with the
freshmen. >
Through arrangements of the
Mothers' Club of Palo Alto, approxi
mately sixty freshmen not returning
home for Thanksgiving will have
Thanksgiving dinner in private homes
in Palo Alto, and between San Mateo
and Los Altos. Mrs. Edgar Smith of
the Mothers' Club is in charge and
Carl Carlsmith, sponsor at Encina,
has made arrangements with the
freshmen. >
Through arrangements of the
Mothers' Club of Palo Alto, approxi
mately sixty freshmen not returning
home for Thanksgiving will have
Thanksgiving dinner in private homes
in Palo Alto, and between San Mateo
and Los Altos. Mrs. Edgar Smith of
the Mothers' Club is in charge and
Carl Carlsmith, sponsor at Encina,
has made arrangements with the
freshmen. >
