# Med School Meet Tonight
## 
### 
All undergraduates inter
ested in the Stanford School
of Medicine are invited to a
meeting tonight at 7 o'clock
in the Medical School build
ing, room MlO6.
The meeting is tonight and
was not last night as mis
takenly reported in yester
day's Daily.
All undergraduates inter
ested in the Stanford School
of Medicine are invited to a
meeting tonight at 7 o'clock
in the Medical School build
ing, room MlO6.
The meeting is tonight and
was not last night as mis
takenly reported in yester
day's Daily.
All undergraduates inter
ested in the Stanford School
of Medicine are invited to a
meeting tonight at 7 o'clock
in the Medical School build
ing, room MlO6.
The meeting is tonight and
was not last night as mis
takenly reported in yester
day's Daily.
All undergraduates inter
ested in the Stanford School
of Medicine are invited to a
meeting tonight at 7 o'clock
in the Medical School build
ing, room MlO6.
The meeting is tonight and
was not last night as mis
takenly reported in yester
day's Daily.
All undergraduates inter
ested in the Stanford School
of Medicine are invited to a
meeting tonight at 7 o'clock
in the Medical School build
ing, room MlO6.
The meeting is tonight and
was not last night as mis
takenly reported in yester
day's Daily.
All undergraduates inter
ested in the Stanford School
of Medicine are invited to a
meeting tonight at 7 o'clock
in the Medical School build
ing, room MlO6.
The meeting is tonight and
was not last night as mis
takenly reported in yester
day's Daily.
All undergraduates inter
ested in the Stanford School
of Medicine are invited to a
meeting tonight at 7 o'clock
in the Medical School build
ing, room MlO6.
The meeting is tonight and
was not last night as mis
takenly reported in yester
day's Daily.
All undergraduates inter
ested in the Stanford School
of Medicine are invited to a
meeting tonight at 7 o'clock
in the Medical School build
ing, room MlO6.
The meeting is tonight and
was not last night as mis
takenly reported in yester
day's Daily.
All undergraduates inter
ested in the Stanford School
of Medicine are invited to a
meeting tonight at 7 o'clock
in the Medical School build
ing, room MlO6.
The meeting is tonight and
was not last night as mis
takenly reported in yester
day's Daily.
All undergraduates inter
ested in the Stanford School
of Medicine are invited to a
meeting tonight at 7 o'clock
in the Medical School build
ing, room MlO6.
The meeting is tonight and
was not last night as mis
takenly reported in yester
day's Daily.
All undergraduates inter
ested in the Stanford School
of Medicine are invited to a
meeting tonight at 7 o'clock
in the Medical School build
ing, room MlO6.
The meeting is tonight and
was not last night as mis
takenly reported in yester
day's Daily.
All undergraduates inter
ested in the Stanford School
of Medicine are invited to a
meeting tonight at 7 o'clock
in the Medical School build
ing, room MlO6.
The meeting is tonight and
was not last night as mis
takenly reported in yester
day's Daily.
All undergraduates inter
ested in the Stanford School
of Medicine are invited to a
meeting tonight at 7 o'clock
in the Medical School build
ing, room MlO6.
The meeting is tonight and
was not last night as mis
takenly reported in yester
day's Daily.
All undergraduates inter
ested in the Stanford School
of Medicine are invited to a
meeting tonight at 7 o'clock
in the Medical School build
ing, room MlO6.
The meeting is tonight and
was not last night as mis
takenly reported in yester
day's Daily.
All undergraduates inter
ested in the Stanford School
of Medicine are invited to a
meeting tonight at 7 o'clock
in the Medical School build
ing, room MlO6.
The meeting is tonight and
was not last night as mis
takenly reported in yester
day's Daily.
All undergraduates inter
ested in the Stanford School
of Medicine are invited to a
meeting tonight at 7 o'clock
in the Medical School build
ing, room MlO6.
The meeting is tonight and
was not last night as mis
takenly reported in yester
day's Daily.
All undergraduates inter
ested in the Stanford School
of Medicine are invited to a
meeting tonight at 7 o'clock
in the Medical School build
ing, room MlO6.
The meeting is tonight and
was not last night as mis
takenly reported in yester
day's Daily.
