# Butler Top Lineman Pick
## 
### 
Stanford linebacker and center
John Butler was chosen UPI line
man of Hie week for his fine
showing against Oregon in the
losing Stanford cause up in Port
land last Saturday.

The 204-pound junior is used
primarily on defense by the Tribe
and is one of the top tacklers on
tht team.
Bill K ilm e r, UCLA's triple
threater, won the IJ Pi's back of
the week award off his great
showing Saturday as the Bruins
were defeating the Bears.
Butler will he backing up the
Indian line against OSC this week
end and Kilmer will go against
the Aii 1 Force in the Coliseum
this Saturday.
Stanford linebacker and center
John Butler was chosen UPI line
man of Hie week for his fine
showing against Oregon in the
losing Stanford cause up in Port
land last Saturday.

The 204-pound junior is used
primarily on defense by the Tribe
and is one of the top tacklers on
tht team.
Bill K ilm e r, UCLA's triple
threater, won the IJ Pi's back of
the week award off his great
showing Saturday as the Bruins
were defeating the Bears.
Butler will he backing up the
Indian line against OSC this week
end and Kilmer will go against
the Aii 1 Force in the Coliseum
this Saturday.
Stanford linebacker and center
John Butler was chosen UPI line
man of Hie week for his fine
showing against Oregon in the
losing Stanford cause up in Port
land last Saturday.

The 204-pound junior is used
primarily on defense by the Tribe
and is one of the top tacklers on
tht team.
Bill K ilm e r, UCLA's triple
threater, won the IJ Pi's back of
the week award off his great
showing Saturday as the Bruins
were defeating the Bears.
Butler will he backing up the
Indian line against OSC this week
end and Kilmer will go against
the Aii 1 Force in the Coliseum
this Saturday.
Stanford linebacker and center
John Butler was chosen UPI line
man of Hie week for his fine
showing against Oregon in the
losing Stanford cause up in Port
land last Saturday.

The 204-pound junior is used
primarily on defense by the Tribe
and is one of the top tacklers on
tht team.
Bill K ilm e r, UCLA's triple
threater, won the IJ Pi's back of
the week award off his great
showing Saturday as the Bruins
were defeating the Bears.
Butler will he backing up the
Indian line against OSC this week
end and Kilmer will go against
the Aii 1 Force in the Coliseum
this Saturday.
Stanford linebacker and center
John Butler was chosen UPI line
man of Hie week for his fine
showing against Oregon in the
losing Stanford cause up in Port
land last Saturday.

The 204-pound junior is used
primarily on defense by the Tribe
and is one of the top tacklers on
tht team.
Bill K ilm e r, UCLA's triple
threater, won the IJ Pi's back of
the week award off his great
showing Saturday as the Bruins
were defeating the Bears.
Butler will he backing up the
Indian line against OSC this week
end and Kilmer will go against
the Aii 1 Force in the Coliseum
this Saturday.
Stanford linebacker and center
John Butler was chosen UPI line
man of Hie week for his fine
showing against Oregon in the
losing Stanford cause up in Port
land last Saturday.

The 204-pound junior is used
primarily on defense by the Tribe
and is one of the top tacklers on
tht team.
Bill K ilm e r, UCLA's triple
threater, won the IJ Pi's back of
the week award off his great
showing Saturday as the Bruins
were defeating the Bears.
Butler will he backing up the
Indian line against OSC this week
end and Kilmer will go against
the Aii 1 Force in the Coliseum
this Saturday.
Stanford linebacker and center
John Butler was chosen UPI line
man of Hie week for his fine
showing against Oregon in the
losing Stanford cause up in Port
land last Saturday.

The 204-pound junior is used
primarily on defense by the Tribe
and is one of the top tacklers on
tht team.
Bill K ilm e r, UCLA's triple
threater, won the IJ Pi's back of
the week award off his great
showing Saturday as the Bruins
were defeating the Bears.
Butler will he backing up the
Indian line against OSC this week
end and Kilmer will go against
the Aii 1 Force in the Coliseum
this Saturday.
Stanford linebacker and center
John Butler was chosen UPI line
man of Hie week for his fine
showing against Oregon in the
losing Stanford cause up in Port
land last Saturday.

The 204-pound junior is used
primarily on defense by the Tribe
and is one of the top tacklers on
tht team.
Bill K ilm e r, UCLA's triple
threater, won the IJ Pi's back of
the week award off his great
showing Saturday as the Bruins
were defeating the Bears.
Butler will he backing up the
Indian line against OSC this week
end and Kilmer will go against
the Aii 1 Force in the Coliseum
this Saturday.
Stanford linebacker and center
John Butler was chosen UPI line
man of Hie week for his fine
showing against Oregon in the
losing Stanford cause up in Port
land last Saturday.

The 204-pound junior is used
primarily on defense by the Tribe
and is one of the top tacklers on
tht team.
Bill K ilm e r, UCLA's triple
threater, won the IJ Pi's back of
the week award off his great
showing Saturday as the Bruins
were defeating the Bears.
Butler will he backing up the
Indian line against OSC this week
end and Kilmer will go against
the Aii 1 Force in the Coliseum
this Saturday.
Stanford linebacker and center
John Butler was chosen UPI line
man of Hie week for his fine
showing against Oregon in the
losing Stanford cause up in Port
land last Saturday.

The 204-pound junior is used
primarily on defense by the Tribe
and is one of the top tacklers on
tht team.
Bill K ilm e r, UCLA's triple
threater, won the IJ Pi's back of
the week award off his great
showing Saturday as the Bruins
were defeating the Bears.
Butler will he backing up the
Indian line against OSC this week
end and Kilmer will go against
the Aii 1 Force in the Coliseum
this Saturday.
Stanford linebacker and center
John Butler was chosen UPI line
man of Hie week for his fine
showing against Oregon in the
losing Stanford cause up in Port
land last Saturday.

The 204-pound junior is used
primarily on defense by the Tribe
and is one of the top tacklers on
tht team.
Bill K ilm e r, UCLA's triple
threater, won the IJ Pi's back of
the week award off his great
showing Saturday as the Bruins
were defeating the Bears.
Butler will he backing up the
Indian line against OSC this week
end and Kilmer will go against
the Aii 1 Force in the Coliseum
this Saturday.
Stanford linebacker and center
John Butler was chosen UPI line
man of Hie week for his fine
showing against Oregon in the
losing Stanford cause up in Port
land last Saturday.

The 204-pound junior is used
primarily on defense by the Tribe
and is one of the top tacklers on
tht team.
Bill K ilm e r, UCLA's triple
threater, won the IJ Pi's back of
the week award off his great
showing Saturday as the Bruins
were defeating the Bears.
Butler will he backing up the
Indian line against OSC this week
end and Kilmer will go against
the Aii 1 Force in the Coliseum
this Saturday.
Stanford linebacker and center
John Butler was chosen UPI line
man of Hie week for his fine
showing against Oregon in the
losing Stanford cause up in Port
land last Saturday.

The 204-pound junior is used
primarily on defense by the Tribe
and is one of the top tacklers on
tht team.
Bill K ilm e r, UCLA's triple
threater, won the IJ Pi's back of
the week award off his great
showing Saturday as the Bruins
were defeating the Bears.
Butler will he backing up the
Indian line against OSC this week
end and Kilmer will go against
the Aii 1 Force in the Coliseum
this Saturday.
Stanford linebacker and center
John Butler was chosen UPI line
man of Hie week for his fine
showing against Oregon in the
losing Stanford cause up in Port
land last Saturday.

The 204-pound junior is used
primarily on defense by the Tribe
and is one of the top tacklers on
tht team.
Bill K ilm e r, UCLA's triple
threater, won the IJ Pi's back of
the week award off his great
showing Saturday as the Bruins
were defeating the Bears.
Butler will he backing up the
Indian line against OSC this week
end and Kilmer will go against
the Aii 1 Force in the Coliseum
this Saturday.
Stanford linebacker and center
John Butler was chosen UPI line
man of Hie week for his fine
showing against Oregon in the
losing Stanford cause up in Port
land last Saturday.

The 204-pound junior is used
primarily on defense by the Tribe
and is one of the top tacklers on
tht team.
Bill K ilm e r, UCLA's triple
threater, won the IJ Pi's back of
the week award off his great
showing Saturday as the Bruins
were defeating the Bears.
Butler will he backing up the
Indian line against OSC this week
end and Kilmer will go against
the Aii 1 Force in the Coliseum
this Saturday.
Stanford linebacker and center
John Butler was chosen UPI line
man of Hie week for his fine
showing against Oregon in the
losing Stanford cause up in Port
land last Saturday.

The 204-pound junior is used
primarily on defense by the Tribe
and is one of the top tacklers on
tht team.
Bill K ilm e r, UCLA's triple
threater, won the IJ Pi's back of
the week award off his great
showing Saturday as the Bruins
were defeating the Bears.
Butler will he backing up the
Indian line against OSC this week
end and Kilmer will go against
the Aii 1 Force in the Coliseum
this Saturday.
Stanford linebacker and center
John Butler was chosen UPI line
man of Hie week for his fine
showing against Oregon in the
losing Stanford cause up in Port
land last Saturday.

The 204-pound junior is used
primarily on defense by the Tribe
and is one of the top tacklers on
tht team.
Bill K ilm e r, UCLA's triple
threater, won the IJ Pi's back of
the week award off his great
showing Saturday as the Bruins
were defeating the Bears.
Butler will he backing up the
Indian line against OSC this week
end and Kilmer will go against
the Aii 1 Force in the Coliseum
this Saturday.
