# To Give Reception for Miss Everts.
## 
### 
The English Club will tender a re
ception to Miss Katherine Everts,
Thursday evening, at the Kappa Kap
pa Gamma house, following the pres
entation of "My Lady's Ring." 'I'll"
Maskers and Sword and Sandals will
also be guests of the club at that
time.
The English Club will tender a re
ception to Miss Katherine Everts,
Thursday evening, at the Kappa Kap
pa Gamma house, following the pres
entation of "My Lady's Ring." 'I'll"
Maskers and Sword and Sandals will
also be guests of the club at that
time.
The English Club will tender a re
ception to Miss Katherine Everts,
Thursday evening, at the Kappa Kap
pa Gamma house, following the pres
entation of "My Lady's Ring." 'I'll"
Maskers and Sword and Sandals will
also be guests of the club at that
time.
The English Club will tender a re
ception to Miss Katherine Everts,
Thursday evening, at the Kappa Kap
pa Gamma house, following the pres
entation of "My Lady's Ring." 'I'll"
Maskers and Sword and Sandals will
also be guests of the club at that
time.
The English Club will tender a re
ception to Miss Katherine Everts,
Thursday evening, at the Kappa Kap
pa Gamma house, following the pres
entation of "My Lady's Ring." 'I'll"
Maskers and Sword and Sandals will
also be guests of the club at that
time.
The English Club will tender a re
ception to Miss Katherine Everts,
Thursday evening, at the Kappa Kap
pa Gamma house, following the pres
entation of "My Lady's Ring." 'I'll"
Maskers and Sword and Sandals will
also be guests of the club at that
time.
The English Club will tender a re
ception to Miss Katherine Everts,
Thursday evening, at the Kappa Kap
pa Gamma house, following the pres
entation of "My Lady's Ring." 'I'll"
Maskers and Sword and Sandals will
also be guests of the club at that
time.
The English Club will tender a re
ception to Miss Katherine Everts,
Thursday evening, at the Kappa Kap
pa Gamma house, following the pres
entation of "My Lady's Ring." 'I'll"
Maskers and Sword and Sandals will
also be guests of the club at that
time.
The English Club will tender a re
ception to Miss Katherine Everts,
Thursday evening, at the Kappa Kap
pa Gamma house, following the pres
entation of "My Lady's Ring." 'I'll"
Maskers and Sword and Sandals will
also be guests of the club at that
time.
The English Club will tender a re
ception to Miss Katherine Everts,
Thursday evening, at the Kappa Kap
pa Gamma house, following the pres
entation of "My Lady's Ring." 'I'll"
Maskers and Sword and Sandals will
also be guests of the club at that
time.
The English Club will tender a re
ception to Miss Katherine Everts,
Thursday evening, at the Kappa Kap
pa Gamma house, following the pres
entation of "My Lady's Ring." 'I'll"
Maskers and Sword and Sandals will
also be guests of the club at that
time.
