# RUSH WORK ON MUSEUM
## DATE OF OPENING WILL COME EARLIER THAN INTENDED. Students to Be Admitted Before Repairs Are Completed.â€”Visitors Not Allowed at Present. 
### 
The work of repairing the walls of
the Museum and the adjusting of the
specimens has been progressing rap
idly, but it has been found that it
will be at least six weeks before the
walls can be entirely renovated and
the necessary adjustments finished.
Owing to this fact, a change has been
made in the plans which were de
cided upon for the reopening of the
building. It was at first proposed that
oil of the work should be accomplish
ed before throwing the Museum open
to the students and the University
community. Dr. Jordan stated yester
day that, on account of the extensive
nature of the repairs, it had been de
cided to grant the students access to
the edifice before the work is wholly
completed.
Just when the building will be re
opened has not been definitely deter
mined, but it will probably be within
the next few days. Much interest has
been expressed in the opening of the
Museum, due to the fact that it has
been closed since the earthquake of
1906, and the majority of the stu
dents now attending the University
have never seen within its walls. The
building will only be open upon cer
tain days of each week, and the gen
eial public will not be permitted to
enter it until all of the repairs are
entirely completed.
The work of repairing the walls of
the Museum and the adjusting of the
specimens has been progressing rap
idly, but it has been found that it
will be at least six weeks before the
walls can be entirely renovated and
the necessary adjustments finished.
Owing to this fact, a change has been
made in the plans which were de
cided upon for the reopening of the
building. It was at first proposed that
oil of the work should be accomplish
ed before throwing the Museum open
to the students and the University
community. Dr. Jordan stated yester
day that, on account of the extensive
nature of the repairs, it had been de
cided to grant the students access to
the edifice before the work is wholly
completed.
Just when the building will be re
opened has not been definitely deter
mined, but it will probably be within
the next few days. Much interest has
been expressed in the opening of the
Museum, due to the fact that it has
been closed since the earthquake of
1906, and the majority of the stu
dents now attending the University
have never seen within its walls. The
building will only be open upon cer
tain days of each week, and the gen
eial public will not be permitted to
enter it until all of the repairs are
entirely completed.
The work of repairing the walls of
the Museum and the adjusting of the
specimens has been progressing rap
idly, but it has been found that it
will be at least six weeks before the
walls can be entirely renovated and
the necessary adjustments finished.
Owing to this fact, a change has been
made in the plans which were de
cided upon for the reopening of the
building. It was at first proposed that
oil of the work should be accomplish
ed before throwing the Museum open
to the students and the University
community. Dr. Jordan stated yester
day that, on account of the extensive
nature of the repairs, it had been de
cided to grant the students access to
the edifice before the work is wholly
completed.
Just when the building will be re
opened has not been definitely deter
mined, but it will probably be within
the next few days. Much interest has
been expressed in the opening of the
Museum, due to the fact that it has
been closed since the earthquake of
1906, and the majority of the stu
dents now attending the University
have never seen within its walls. The
building will only be open upon cer
tain days of each week, and the gen
eial public will not be permitted to
enter it until all of the repairs are
entirely completed.
The work of repairing the walls of
the Museum and the adjusting of the
specimens has been progressing rap
idly, but it has been found that it
will be at least six weeks before the
walls can be entirely renovated and
the necessary adjustments finished.
Owing to this fact, a change has been
made in the plans which were de
cided upon for the reopening of the
building. It was at first proposed that
oil of the work should be accomplish
ed before throwing the Museum open
to the students and the University
community. Dr. Jordan stated yester
day that, on account of the extensive
nature of the repairs, it had been de
cided to grant the students access to
the edifice before the work is wholly
completed.
Just when the building will be re
opened has not been definitely deter
mined, but it will probably be within
the next few days. Much interest has
been expressed in the opening of the
Museum, due to the fact that it has
been closed since the earthquake of
1906, and the majority of the stu
dents now attending the University
have never seen within its walls. The
building will only be open upon cer
tain days of each week, and the gen
eial public will not be permitted to
enter it until all of the repairs are
entirely completed.
The work of repairing the walls of
the Museum and the adjusting of the
specimens has been progressing rap
idly, but it has been found that it
will be at least six weeks before the
walls can be entirely renovated and
the necessary adjustments finished.
Owing to this fact, a change has been
made in the plans which were de
cided upon for the reopening of the
building. It was at first proposed that
oil of the work should be accomplish
ed before throwing the Museum open
to the students and the University
community. Dr. Jordan stated yester
day that, on account of the extensive
nature of the repairs, it had been de
cided to grant the students access to
the edifice before the work is wholly
completed.
Just when the building will be re
opened has not been definitely deter
mined, but it will probably be within
the next few days. Much interest has
been expressed in the opening of the
Museum, due to the fact that it has
been closed since the earthquake of
1906, and the majority of the stu
dents now attending the University
have never seen within its walls. The
building will only be open upon cer
tain days of each week, and the gen
eial public will not be permitted to
enter it until all of the repairs are
entirely completed.
The work of repairing the walls of
the Museum and the adjusting of the
specimens has been progressing rap
idly, but it has been found that it
will be at least six weeks before the
walls can be entirely renovated and
the necessary adjustments finished.
Owing to this fact, a change has been
made in the plans which were de
cided upon for the reopening of the
building. It was at first proposed that
oil of the work should be accomplish
ed before throwing the Museum open
to the students and the University
community. Dr. Jordan stated yester
day that, on account of the extensive
nature of the repairs, it had been de
cided to grant the students access to
the edifice before the work is wholly
completed.
Just when the building will be re
opened has not been definitely deter
mined, but it will probably be within
the next few days. Much interest has
been expressed in the opening of the
Museum, due to the fact that it has
been closed since the earthquake of
1906, and the majority of the stu
dents now attending the University
have never seen within its walls. The
building will only be open upon cer
tain days of each week, and the gen
eial public will not be permitted to
enter it until all of the repairs are
entirely completed.
The work of repairing the walls of
the Museum and the adjusting of the
specimens has been progressing rap
idly, but it has been found that it
will be at least six weeks before the
walls can be entirely renovated and
the necessary adjustments finished.
Owing to this fact, a change has been
made in the plans which were de
cided upon for the reopening of the
building. It was at first proposed that
oil of the work should be accomplish
ed before throwing the Museum open
to the students and the University
community. Dr. Jordan stated yester
day that, on account of the extensive
nature of the repairs, it had been de
cided to grant the students access to
the edifice before the work is wholly
completed.
Just when the building will be re
opened has not been definitely deter
mined, but it will probably be within
the next few days. Much interest has
been expressed in the opening of the
Museum, due to the fact that it has
been closed since the earthquake of
1906, and the majority of the stu
dents now attending the University
have never seen within its walls. The
building will only be open upon cer
tain days of each week, and the gen
eial public will not be permitted to
enter it until all of the repairs are
entirely completed.
The work of repairing the walls of
the Museum and the adjusting of the
specimens has been progressing rap
idly, but it has been found that it
will be at least six weeks before the
walls can be entirely renovated and
the necessary adjustments finished.
Owing to this fact, a change has been
made in the plans which were de
cided upon for the reopening of the
building. It was at first proposed that
oil of the work should be accomplish
ed before throwing the Museum open
to the students and the University
community. Dr. Jordan stated yester
day that, on account of the extensive
nature of the repairs, it had been de
cided to grant the students access to
the edifice before the work is wholly
completed.
Just when the building will be re
opened has not been definitely deter
mined, but it will probably be within
the next few days. Much interest has
been expressed in the opening of the
Museum, due to the fact that it has
been closed since the earthquake of
1906, and the majority of the stu
dents now attending the University
have never seen within its walls. The
building will only be open upon cer
tain days of each week, and the gen
eial public will not be permitted to
enter it until all of the repairs are
entirely completed.
The work of repairing the walls of
the Museum and the adjusting of the
specimens has been progressing rap
idly, but it has been found that it
will be at least six weeks before the
walls can be entirely renovated and
the necessary adjustments finished.
Owing to this fact, a change has been
made in the plans which were de
cided upon for the reopening of the
building. It was at first proposed that
oil of the work should be accomplish
ed before throwing the Museum open
to the students and the University
community. Dr. Jordan stated yester
day that, on account of the extensive
nature of the repairs, it had been de
cided to grant the students access to
the edifice before the work is wholly
completed.
Just when the building will be re
opened has not been definitely deter
mined, but it will probably be within
the next few days. Much interest has
been expressed in the opening of the
Museum, due to the fact that it has
been closed since the earthquake of
1906, and the majority of the stu
dents now attending the University
have never seen within its walls. The
building will only be open upon cer
tain days of each week, and the gen
eial public will not be permitted to
enter it until all of the repairs are
entirely completed.
The work of repairing the walls of
the Museum and the adjusting of the
specimens has been progressing rap
idly, but it has been found that it
will be at least six weeks before the
walls can be entirely renovated and
the necessary adjustments finished.
Owing to this fact, a change has been
made in the plans which were de
cided upon for the reopening of the
building. It was at first proposed that
oil of the work should be accomplish
ed before throwing the Museum open
to the students and the University
community. Dr. Jordan stated yester
day that, on account of the extensive
nature of the repairs, it had been de
cided to grant the students access to
the edifice before the work is wholly
completed.
Just when the building will be re
opened has not been definitely deter
mined, but it will probably be within
the next few days. Much interest has
been expressed in the opening of the
Museum, due to the fact that it has
been closed since the earthquake of
1906, and the majority of the stu
dents now attending the University
have never seen within its walls. The
building will only be open upon cer
tain days of each week, and the gen
eial public will not be permitted to
enter it until all of the repairs are
entirely completed.
The work of repairing the walls of
the Museum and the adjusting of the
specimens has been progressing rap
idly, but it has been found that it
will be at least six weeks before the
walls can be entirely renovated and
the necessary adjustments finished.
Owing to this fact, a change has been
made in the plans which were de
cided upon for the reopening of the
building. It was at first proposed that
oil of the work should be accomplish
ed before throwing the Museum open
to the students and the University
community. Dr. Jordan stated yester
day that, on account of the extensive
nature of the repairs, it had been de
cided to grant the students access to
the edifice before the work is wholly
completed.
Just when the building will be re
opened has not been definitely deter
mined, but it will probably be within
the next few days. Much interest has
been expressed in the opening of the
Museum, due to the fact that it has
been closed since the earthquake of
1906, and the majority of the stu
dents now attending the University
have never seen within its walls. The
building will only be open upon cer
tain days of each week, and the gen
eial public will not be permitted to
enter it until all of the repairs are
entirely completed.
