# PHT ALPHA TAU INITIATES.
## G.F. Morgan, '10, Becomes New Member of Debating Fraternity. 
### 
At the initiation held by the debat
ing fraternity of Phi Alpha Tan last
evening, G. F. Morgan, '10, was taken
into the organization. Morgan is a
member of the present Carnot team, is
enrolled in Nestoria Literary Society
and has taken an active interest in
the debating field during the period
that he has been in college. Morgan
is also a member of the Hammer and
Coffin Society.
Phi Alpha Tau was installed at
Stanford a year ago, and since that
time has been actively engaged in
forwarding the debating interests
here. Besides a list of prominent de
lators upon the roll of this organi
zation are the names of Professor C.
A. Huston of the Law department and
R M. Alden, professor in the Depart
ment of English, as honorary mem
bers. The society has placed in the
Library for the use of those who are
interested in the preparation of de
bates and in search of information
upon the procedure of forensic con
tests here, the Phi Alpha Tau Debat
ing Record Book. This volume is a
compilation of the records and the
results of the debates for the past
two years, and contains full informa
tion along these lines.
A copy of the joint debates of the
University of Wisconsin have been
secured and also placed in the Li
brary. An effort is being made by
the organization to acquire all the
best contests that are held in the
eastern debating centers. The entire
trio of the Carnot team this year are
members of Phi Alpha Tau.
At the initiation held by the debat
ing fraternity of Phi Alpha Tan last
evening, G. F. Morgan, '10, was taken
into the organization. Morgan is a
member of the present Carnot team, is
enrolled in Nestoria Literary Society
and has taken an active interest in
the debating field during the period
that he has been in college. Morgan
is also a member of the Hammer and
Coffin Society.
Phi Alpha Tau was installed at
Stanford a year ago, and since that
time has been actively engaged in
forwarding the debating interests
here. Besides a list of prominent de
lators upon the roll of this organi
zation are the names of Professor C.
A. Huston of the Law department and
R M. Alden, professor in the Depart
ment of English, as honorary mem
bers. The society has placed in the
Library for the use of those who are
interested in the preparation of de
bates and in search of information
upon the procedure of forensic con
tests here, the Phi Alpha Tau Debat
ing Record Book. This volume is a
compilation of the records and the
results of the debates for the past
two years, and contains full informa
tion along these lines.
A copy of the joint debates of the
University of Wisconsin have been
secured and also placed in the Li
brary. An effort is being made by
the organization to acquire all the
best contests that are held in the
eastern debating centers. The entire
trio of the Carnot team this year are
members of Phi Alpha Tau.
At the initiation held by the debat
ing fraternity of Phi Alpha Tan last
evening, G. F. Morgan, '10, was taken
into the organization. Morgan is a
member of the present Carnot team, is
enrolled in Nestoria Literary Society
and has taken an active interest in
the debating field during the period
that he has been in college. Morgan
is also a member of the Hammer and
Coffin Society.
Phi Alpha Tau was installed at
Stanford a year ago, and since that
time has been actively engaged in
forwarding the debating interests
here. Besides a list of prominent de
lators upon the roll of this organi
zation are the names of Professor C.
A. Huston of the Law department and
R M. Alden, professor in the Depart
ment of English, as honorary mem
bers. The society has placed in the
Library for the use of those who are
interested in the preparation of de
bates and in search of information
upon the procedure of forensic con
tests here, the Phi Alpha Tau Debat
ing Record Book. This volume is a
compilation of the records and the
results of the debates for the past
two years, and contains full informa
tion along these lines.
A copy of the joint debates of the
University of Wisconsin have been
secured and also placed in the Li
brary. An effort is being made by
the organization to acquire all the
best contests that are held in the
eastern debating centers. The entire
trio of the Carnot team this year are
members of Phi Alpha Tau.
At the initiation held by the debat
ing fraternity of Phi Alpha Tan last
evening, G. F. Morgan, '10, was taken
into the organization. Morgan is a
member of the present Carnot team, is
enrolled in Nestoria Literary Society
and has taken an active interest in
the debating field during the period
that he has been in college. Morgan
is also a member of the Hammer and
Coffin Society.
Phi Alpha Tau was installed at
Stanford a year ago, and since that
time has been actively engaged in
forwarding the debating interests
here. Besides a list of prominent de
lators upon the roll of this organi
zation are the names of Professor C.
A. Huston of the Law department and
R M. Alden, professor in the Depart
ment of English, as honorary mem
bers. The society has placed in the
Library for the use of those who are
interested in the preparation of de
bates and in search of information
upon the procedure of forensic con
tests here, the Phi Alpha Tau Debat
ing Record Book. This volume is a
compilation of the records and the
results of the debates for the past
two years, and contains full informa
tion along these lines.
A copy of the joint debates of the
University of Wisconsin have been
secured and also placed in the Li
brary. An effort is being made by
the organization to acquire all the
best contests that are held in the
eastern debating centers. The entire
trio of the Carnot team this year are
members of Phi Alpha Tau.
At the initiation held by the debat
ing fraternity of Phi Alpha Tan last
evening, G. F. Morgan, '10, was taken
into the organization. Morgan is a
member of the present Carnot team, is
enrolled in Nestoria Literary Society
and has taken an active interest in
the debating field during the period
that he has been in college. Morgan
is also a member of the Hammer and
Coffin Society.
Phi Alpha Tau was installed at
Stanford a year ago, and since that
time has been actively engaged in
forwarding the debating interests
here. Besides a list of prominent de
lators upon the roll of this organi
zation are the names of Professor C.
A. Huston of the Law department and
R M. Alden, professor in the Depart
ment of English, as honorary mem
bers. The society has placed in the
Library for the use of those who are
interested in the preparation of de
bates and in search of information
upon the procedure of forensic con
tests here, the Phi Alpha Tau Debat
ing Record Book. This volume is a
compilation of the records and the
results of the debates for the past
two years, and contains full informa
tion along these lines.
A copy of the joint debates of the
University of Wisconsin have been
secured and also placed in the Li
brary. An effort is being made by
the organization to acquire all the
best contests that are held in the
eastern debating centers. The entire
trio of the Carnot team this year are
members of Phi Alpha Tau.
At the initiation held by the debat
ing fraternity of Phi Alpha Tan last
evening, G. F. Morgan, '10, was taken
into the organization. Morgan is a
member of the present Carnot team, is
enrolled in Nestoria Literary Society
and has taken an active interest in
the debating field during the period
that he has been in college. Morgan
is also a member of the Hammer and
Coffin Society.
Phi Alpha Tau was installed at
Stanford a year ago, and since that
time has been actively engaged in
forwarding the debating interests
here. Besides a list of prominent de
lators upon the roll of this organi
zation are the names of Professor C.
A. Huston of the Law department and
R M. Alden, professor in the Depart
ment of English, as honorary mem
bers. The society has placed in the
Library for the use of those who are
interested in the preparation of de
bates and in search of information
upon the procedure of forensic con
tests here, the Phi Alpha Tau Debat
ing Record Book. This volume is a
compilation of the records and the
results of the debates for the past
two years, and contains full informa
tion along these lines.
A copy of the joint debates of the
University of Wisconsin have been
secured and also placed in the Li
brary. An effort is being made by
the organization to acquire all the
best contests that are held in the
eastern debating centers. The entire
trio of the Carnot team this year are
members of Phi Alpha Tau.
At the initiation held by the debat
ing fraternity of Phi Alpha Tan last
evening, G. F. Morgan, '10, was taken
into the organization. Morgan is a
member of the present Carnot team, is
enrolled in Nestoria Literary Society
and has taken an active interest in
the debating field during the period
that he has been in college. Morgan
is also a member of the Hammer and
Coffin Society.
Phi Alpha Tau was installed at
Stanford a year ago, and since that
time has been actively engaged in
forwarding the debating interests
here. Besides a list of prominent de
lators upon the roll of this organi
zation are the names of Professor C.
A. Huston of the Law department and
R M. Alden, professor in the Depart
ment of English, as honorary mem
bers. The society has placed in the
Library for the use of those who are
interested in the preparation of de
bates and in search of information
upon the procedure of forensic con
tests here, the Phi Alpha Tau Debat
ing Record Book. This volume is a
compilation of the records and the
results of the debates for the past
two years, and contains full informa
tion along these lines.
A copy of the joint debates of the
University of Wisconsin have been
secured and also placed in the Li
brary. An effort is being made by
the organization to acquire all the
best contests that are held in the
eastern debating centers. The entire
trio of the Carnot team this year are
members of Phi Alpha Tau.
At the initiation held by the debat
ing fraternity of Phi Alpha Tan last
evening, G. F. Morgan, '10, was taken
into the organization. Morgan is a
member of the present Carnot team, is
enrolled in Nestoria Literary Society
and has taken an active interest in
the debating field during the period
that he has been in college. Morgan
is also a member of the Hammer and
Coffin Society.
Phi Alpha Tau was installed at
Stanford a year ago, and since that
time has been actively engaged in
forwarding the debating interests
here. Besides a list of prominent de
lators upon the roll of this organi
zation are the names of Professor C.
A. Huston of the Law department and
R M. Alden, professor in the Depart
ment of English, as honorary mem
bers. The society has placed in the
Library for the use of those who are
interested in the preparation of de
bates and in search of information
upon the procedure of forensic con
tests here, the Phi Alpha Tau Debat
ing Record Book. This volume is a
compilation of the records and the
results of the debates for the past
two years, and contains full informa
tion along these lines.
A copy of the joint debates of the
University of Wisconsin have been
secured and also placed in the Li
brary. An effort is being made by
the organization to acquire all the
best contests that are held in the
eastern debating centers. The entire
trio of the Carnot team this year are
members of Phi Alpha Tau.
At the initiation held by the debat
ing fraternity of Phi Alpha Tan last
evening, G. F. Morgan, '10, was taken
into the organization. Morgan is a
member of the present Carnot team, is
enrolled in Nestoria Literary Society
and has taken an active interest in
the debating field during the period
that he has been in college. Morgan
is also a member of the Hammer and
Coffin Society.
Phi Alpha Tau was installed at
Stanford a year ago, and since that
time has been actively engaged in
forwarding the debating interests
here. Besides a list of prominent de
lators upon the roll of this organi
zation are the names of Professor C.
A. Huston of the Law department and
R M. Alden, professor in the Depart
ment of English, as honorary mem
bers. The society has placed in the
Library for the use of those who are
interested in the preparation of de
bates and in search of information
upon the procedure of forensic con
tests here, the Phi Alpha Tau Debat
ing Record Book. This volume is a
compilation of the records and the
results of the debates for the past
two years, and contains full informa
tion along these lines.
A copy of the joint debates of the
University of Wisconsin have been
secured and also placed in the Li
brary. An effort is being made by
the organization to acquire all the
best contests that are held in the
eastern debating centers. The entire
trio of the Carnot team this year are
members of Phi Alpha Tau.
At the initiation held by the debat
ing fraternity of Phi Alpha Tan last
evening, G. F. Morgan, '10, was taken
into the organization. Morgan is a
member of the present Carnot team, is
enrolled in Nestoria Literary Society
and has taken an active interest in
the debating field during the period
that he has been in college. Morgan
is also a member of the Hammer and
Coffin Society.
Phi Alpha Tau was installed at
Stanford a year ago, and since that
time has been actively engaged in
forwarding the debating interests
here. Besides a list of prominent de
lators upon the roll of this organi
zation are the names of Professor C.
A. Huston of the Law department and
R M. Alden, professor in the Depart
ment of English, as honorary mem
bers. The society has placed in the
Library for the use of those who are
interested in the preparation of de
bates and in search of information
upon the procedure of forensic con
tests here, the Phi Alpha Tau Debat
ing Record Book. This volume is a
compilation of the records and the
results of the debates for the past
two years, and contains full informa
tion along these lines.
A copy of the joint debates of the
University of Wisconsin have been
secured and also placed in the Li
brary. An effort is being made by
the organization to acquire all the
best contests that are held in the
eastern debating centers. The entire
trio of the Carnot team this year are
members of Phi Alpha Tau.
At the initiation held by the debat
ing fraternity of Phi Alpha Tan last
evening, G. F. Morgan, '10, was taken
into the organization. Morgan is a
member of the present Carnot team, is
enrolled in Nestoria Literary Society
and has taken an active interest in
the debating field during the period
that he has been in college. Morgan
is also a member of the Hammer and
Coffin Society.
Phi Alpha Tau was installed at
Stanford a year ago, and since that
time has been actively engaged in
forwarding the debating interests
here. Besides a list of prominent de
lators upon the roll of this organi
zation are the names of Professor C.
A. Huston of the Law department and
R M. Alden, professor in the Depart
ment of English, as honorary mem
bers. The society has placed in the
Library for the use of those who are
interested in the preparation of de
bates and in search of information
upon the procedure of forensic con
tests here, the Phi Alpha Tau Debat
ing Record Book. This volume is a
compilation of the records and the
results of the debates for the past
two years, and contains full informa
tion along these lines.
A copy of the joint debates of the
University of Wisconsin have been
secured and also placed in the Li
brary. An effort is being made by
the organization to acquire all the
best contests that are held in the
eastern debating centers. The entire
trio of the Carnot team this year are
members of Phi Alpha Tau.
