# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—Dr. Jordan has an article in
Science for Aug. 3d, in which he
deals with the way a university in
vestigator Bhould divide his time.
—Dr. Jordan has an article in
Science for Aug. 3d, in which he
deals with the way a university in
vestigator Bhould divide his time.
—Dr. Jordan has an article in
Science for Aug. 3d, in which he
deals with the way a university in
vestigator Bhould divide his time.
—Dr. Jordan has an article in
Science for Aug. 3d, in which he
deals with the way a university in
vestigator Bhould divide his time.
—Dr. Jordan has an article in
Science for Aug. 3d, in which he
deals with the way a university in
vestigator Bhould divide his time.
—Dr. Jordan has an article in
Science for Aug. 3d, in which he
deals with the way a university in
vestigator Bhould divide his time.
—Dr. Jordan has an article in
Science for Aug. 3d, in which he
deals with the way a university in
vestigator Bhould divide his time.
—Dr. Jordan has an article in
Science for Aug. 3d, in which he
deals with the way a university in
vestigator Bhould divide his time.
