# Sophomore Class Election.
## 
### 
The Sophomore class to-day elec
ted the following officers:
President, F. K. Wyatt; vice
president, C. B. Bradford; secre
tary, Miss Laura Wells; treasurer,
F. K. Jackson; sergeant-at-arms,
E. A. Rogers.
The Sophomore class to-day elec
ted the following officers:
President, F. K. Wyatt; vice
president, C. B. Bradford; secre
tary, Miss Laura Wells; treasurer,
F. K. Jackson; sergeant-at-arms,
E. A. Rogers.
The Sophomore class to-day elec
ted the following officers:
President, F. K. Wyatt; vice
president, C. B. Bradford; secre
tary, Miss Laura Wells; treasurer,
F. K. Jackson; sergeant-at-arms,
E. A. Rogers.
The Sophomore class to-day elec
ted the following officers:
President, F. K. Wyatt; vice
president, C. B. Bradford; secre
tary, Miss Laura Wells; treasurer,
F. K. Jackson; sergeant-at-arms,
E. A. Rogers.
The Sophomore class to-day elec
ted the following officers:
President, F. K. Wyatt; vice
president, C. B. Bradford; secre
tary, Miss Laura Wells; treasurer,
F. K. Jackson; sergeant-at-arms,
E. A. Rogers.
The Sophomore class to-day elec
ted the following officers:
President, F. K. Wyatt; vice
president, C. B. Bradford; secre
tary, Miss Laura Wells; treasurer,
F. K. Jackson; sergeant-at-arms,
E. A. Rogers.
The Sophomore class to-day elec
ted the following officers:
President, F. K. Wyatt; vice
president, C. B. Bradford; secre
tary, Miss Laura Wells; treasurer,
F. K. Jackson; sergeant-at-arms,
E. A. Rogers.
The Sophomore class to-day elec
ted the following officers:
President, F. K. Wyatt; vice
president, C. B. Bradford; secre
tary, Miss Laura Wells; treasurer,
F. K. Jackson; sergeant-at-arms,
E. A. Rogers.
