# Frosh Batters Swamp Menlo J.C.
## 
### 
11l their sixth straight win, the
Stanford freshman nine swept to a
21 to 0 victory over Menlo J. C. yes
terday afternoon. The tilt, orig
inally scheduled with Roosevelt
High School, and set for nine inn
ings, was called at the end of the
seventh inning when four Jaysee
hurlers had been knocked from the
box and Menlo had been held with
out a hit.
Yesterday's tilt marked the last
game before the Cal Bearcub se
ries. Papoose batting practice to
day and tomorrow will be against
port-sided moundsmen in prepara
tion for Cal's lefthanders.
Cal eked out a close 2-1 victory
over the Alameda High School
squad that bowed to the little Red
Machine 4-0 Saturday against the
three-hit pitching of Monte Pfyl.
