# SENIORS TAKE FIRST TILT IN WATER POLO FROM JUNIOR OUTFIT
## 
### 
By showing individual capability but
lack of team work the seniors downed
the junior aggregation in the first water
polo game of the series by a 6 to 1 score
yesterday afternoon at Encina pool. The
game followed qualifying heats of the
short sprints for the interclass swimming
meet today.
McAllister did well for the seniors,
playing the best passing game of all.
Allen was the backbone of the '26 aggre
gation, through his dribbling and ability
to get down on the ball in the sprints.
The senior team used only simple plays,
trusting to the apparent slowness of the
junior team for the effectiveness of its
offense.
Tomorrow morning at 11 o'clock the
freshmen and sophomores will clash in
what promises to be one of the hottest
games in the scries. The babes have the
advantage of having played together but
the sophomores have the edge in ex
perience.
By showing individual capability but
lack of team work the seniors downed
the junior aggregation in the first water
polo game of the series by a 6 to 1 score
yesterday afternoon at Encina pool. The
game followed qualifying heats of the
short sprints for the interclass swimming
meet today.
McAllister did well for the seniors,
playing the best passing game of all.
Allen was the backbone of the '26 aggre
gation, through his dribbling and ability
to get down on the ball in the sprints.
The senior team used only simple plays,
trusting to the apparent slowness of the
junior team for the effectiveness of its
offense.
Tomorrow morning at 11 o'clock the
freshmen and sophomores will clash in
what promises to be one of the hottest
games in the scries. The babes have the
advantage of having played together but
the sophomores have the edge in ex
perience.
By showing individual capability but
lack of team work the seniors downed
the junior aggregation in the first water
polo game of the series by a 6 to 1 score
yesterday afternoon at Encina pool. The
game followed qualifying heats of the
short sprints for the interclass swimming
meet today.
McAllister did well for the seniors,
playing the best passing game of all.
Allen was the backbone of the '26 aggre
gation, through his dribbling and ability
to get down on the ball in the sprints.
The senior team used only simple plays,
trusting to the apparent slowness of the
junior team for the effectiveness of its
offense.
Tomorrow morning at 11 o'clock the
freshmen and sophomores will clash in
what promises to be one of the hottest
games in the scries. The babes have the
advantage of having played together but
the sophomores have the edge in ex
perience.
By showing individual capability but
lack of team work the seniors downed
the junior aggregation in the first water
polo game of the series by a 6 to 1 score
yesterday afternoon at Encina pool. The
game followed qualifying heats of the
short sprints for the interclass swimming
meet today.
McAllister did well for the seniors,
playing the best passing game of all.
Allen was the backbone of the '26 aggre
gation, through his dribbling and ability
to get down on the ball in the sprints.
The senior team used only simple plays,
trusting to the apparent slowness of the
junior team for the effectiveness of its
offense.
Tomorrow morning at 11 o'clock the
freshmen and sophomores will clash in
what promises to be one of the hottest
games in the scries. The babes have the
advantage of having played together but
the sophomores have the edge in ex
perience.
By showing individual capability but
lack of team work the seniors downed
the junior aggregation in the first water
polo game of the series by a 6 to 1 score
yesterday afternoon at Encina pool. The
game followed qualifying heats of the
short sprints for the interclass swimming
meet today.
McAllister did well for the seniors,
playing the best passing game of all.
Allen was the backbone of the '26 aggre
gation, through his dribbling and ability
to get down on the ball in the sprints.
The senior team used only simple plays,
trusting to the apparent slowness of the
junior team for the effectiveness of its
offense.
Tomorrow morning at 11 o'clock the
freshmen and sophomores will clash in
what promises to be one of the hottest
games in the scries. The babes have the
advantage of having played together but
the sophomores have the edge in ex
perience.
By showing individual capability but
lack of team work the seniors downed
the junior aggregation in the first water
polo game of the series by a 6 to 1 score
yesterday afternoon at Encina pool. The
game followed qualifying heats of the
short sprints for the interclass swimming
meet today.
McAllister did well for the seniors,
playing the best passing game of all.
Allen was the backbone of the '26 aggre
gation, through his dribbling and ability
to get down on the ball in the sprints.
The senior team used only simple plays,
trusting to the apparent slowness of the
junior team for the effectiveness of its
offense.
Tomorrow morning at 11 o'clock the
freshmen and sophomores will clash in
what promises to be one of the hottest
games in the scries. The babes have the
advantage of having played together but
the sophomores have the edge in ex
perience.
By showing individual capability but
lack of team work the seniors downed
the junior aggregation in the first water
polo game of the series by a 6 to 1 score
yesterday afternoon at Encina pool. The
game followed qualifying heats of the
short sprints for the interclass swimming
meet today.
McAllister did well for the seniors,
playing the best passing game of all.
Allen was the backbone of the '26 aggre
gation, through his dribbling and ability
to get down on the ball in the sprints.
The senior team used only simple plays,
trusting to the apparent slowness of the
junior team for the effectiveness of its
offense.
Tomorrow morning at 11 o'clock the
freshmen and sophomores will clash in
what promises to be one of the hottest
games in the scries. The babes have the
advantage of having played together but
the sophomores have the edge in ex
perience.
By showing individual capability but
lack of team work the seniors downed
the junior aggregation in the first water
polo game of the series by a 6 to 1 score
yesterday afternoon at Encina pool. The
game followed qualifying heats of the
short sprints for the interclass swimming
meet today.
McAllister did well for the seniors,
playing the best passing game of all.
Allen was the backbone of the '26 aggre
gation, through his dribbling and ability
to get down on the ball in the sprints.
The senior team used only simple plays,
trusting to the apparent slowness of the
junior team for the effectiveness of its
offense.
Tomorrow morning at 11 o'clock the
freshmen and sophomores will clash in
what promises to be one of the hottest
games in the scries. The babes have the
advantage of having played together but
the sophomores have the edge in ex
perience.
By showing individual capability but
lack of team work the seniors downed
the junior aggregation in the first water
polo game of the series by a 6 to 1 score
yesterday afternoon at Encina pool. The
game followed qualifying heats of the
short sprints for the interclass swimming
meet today.
McAllister did well for the seniors,
playing the best passing game of all.
Allen was the backbone of the '26 aggre
gation, through his dribbling and ability
to get down on the ball in the sprints.
The senior team used only simple plays,
trusting to the apparent slowness of the
junior team for the effectiveness of its
offense.
Tomorrow morning at 11 o'clock the
freshmen and sophomores will clash in
what promises to be one of the hottest
games in the scries. The babes have the
advantage of having played together but
the sophomores have the edge in ex
perience.
By showing individual capability but
lack of team work the seniors downed
the junior aggregation in the first water
polo game of the series by a 6 to 1 score
yesterday afternoon at Encina pool. The
game followed qualifying heats of the
short sprints for the interclass swimming
meet today.
McAllister did well for the seniors,
playing the best passing game of all.
Allen was the backbone of the '26 aggre
gation, through his dribbling and ability
to get down on the ball in the sprints.
The senior team used only simple plays,
trusting to the apparent slowness of the
junior team for the effectiveness of its
offense.
Tomorrow morning at 11 o'clock the
freshmen and sophomores will clash in
what promises to be one of the hottest
games in the scries. The babes have the
advantage of having played together but
the sophomores have the edge in ex
perience.
By showing individual capability but
lack of team work the seniors downed
the junior aggregation in the first water
polo game of the series by a 6 to 1 score
yesterday afternoon at Encina pool. The
game followed qualifying heats of the
short sprints for the interclass swimming
meet today.
McAllister did well for the seniors,
playing the best passing game of all.
Allen was the backbone of the '26 aggre
gation, through his dribbling and ability
to get down on the ball in the sprints.
The senior team used only simple plays,
trusting to the apparent slowness of the
junior team for the effectiveness of its
offense.
Tomorrow morning at 11 o'clock the
freshmen and sophomores will clash in
what promises to be one of the hottest
games in the scries. The babes have the
advantage of having played together but
the sophomores have the edge in ex
perience.
By showing individual capability but
lack of team work the seniors downed
the junior aggregation in the first water
polo game of the series by a 6 to 1 score
yesterday afternoon at Encina pool. The
game followed qualifying heats of the
short sprints for the interclass swimming
meet today.
McAllister did well for the seniors,
playing the best passing game of all.
Allen was the backbone of the '26 aggre
gation, through his dribbling and ability
to get down on the ball in the sprints.
The senior team used only simple plays,
trusting to the apparent slowness of the
junior team for the effectiveness of its
offense.
Tomorrow morning at 11 o'clock the
freshmen and sophomores will clash in
what promises to be one of the hottest
games in the scries. The babes have the
advantage of having played together but
the sophomores have the edge in ex
perience.
By showing individual capability but
lack of team work the seniors downed
the junior aggregation in the first water
polo game of the series by a 6 to 1 score
yesterday afternoon at Encina pool. The
game followed qualifying heats of the
short sprints for the interclass swimming
meet today.
McAllister did well for the seniors,
playing the best passing game of all.
Allen was the backbone of the '26 aggre
gation, through his dribbling and ability
to get down on the ball in the sprints.
The senior team used only simple plays,
trusting to the apparent slowness of the
junior team for the effectiveness of its
offense.
Tomorrow morning at 11 o'clock the
freshmen and sophomores will clash in
what promises to be one of the hottest
games in the scries. The babes have the
advantage of having played together but
the sophomores have the edge in ex
perience.
By showing individual capability but
lack of team work the seniors downed
the junior aggregation in the first water
polo game of the series by a 6 to 1 score
yesterday afternoon at Encina pool. The
game followed qualifying heats of the
short sprints for the interclass swimming
meet today.
McAllister did well for the seniors,
playing the best passing game of all.
Allen was the backbone of the '26 aggre
gation, through his dribbling and ability
to get down on the ball in the sprints.
The senior team used only simple plays,
trusting to the apparent slowness of the
junior team for the effectiveness of its
offense.
Tomorrow morning at 11 o'clock the
freshmen and sophomores will clash in
what promises to be one of the hottest
games in the scries. The babes have the
advantage of having played together but
the sophomores have the edge in ex
perience.
By showing individual capability but
lack of team work the seniors downed
the junior aggregation in the first water
polo game of the series by a 6 to 1 score
yesterday afternoon at Encina pool. The
game followed qualifying heats of the
short sprints for the interclass swimming
meet today.
McAllister did well for the seniors,
playing the best passing game of all.
Allen was the backbone of the '26 aggre
gation, through his dribbling and ability
to get down on the ball in the sprints.
The senior team used only simple plays,
trusting to the apparent slowness of the
junior team for the effectiveness of its
offense.
Tomorrow morning at 11 o'clock the
freshmen and sophomores will clash in
what promises to be one of the hottest
games in the scries. The babes have the
advantage of having played together but
the sophomores have the edge in ex
perience.
