# Features of Junior Annual.
## 
### 
The outline of the 1904 Quad is
beginning to assume definite shape,
and the staff are now at work col
lecting material for the various de
partments.
Since last year saw the closing of
the first decade in the University's
history, and this year sees the
opening of a new era, it is intended
to make the Quad rather anticipa
tory in tone.
Dr. Jordan will contribute an
article on "Stanford After Twenty
Years," in which he will discuss
some of the changes in the Uni
versity spirit which will result from
the erection of new buildings and
the passing of the old life.
Prof. Mary Roberts Smith will
contribute a new Stanford song,
which will be printed in illumina
tion as a frontispiece.
Illustrated articles on the campus
and the Stock Farm are being pre
pared, while a series of photographs
of the new buildings as they grow
from the foundation up, will tell
the story of the expansion of the
quadrangle. The editors have
announced that the prize story and
poem will be in harmony with this
idea.
The outline of the 1904 Quad is
beginning to assume definite shape,
and the staff are now at work col
lecting material for the various de
partments.
Since last year saw the closing of
the first decade in the University's
history, and this year sees the
opening of a new era, it is intended
to make the Quad rather anticipa
tory in tone.
Dr. Jordan will contribute an
article on "Stanford After Twenty
Years," in which he will discuss
some of the changes in the Uni
versity spirit which will result from
the erection of new buildings and
the passing of the old life.
Prof. Mary Roberts Smith will
contribute a new Stanford song,
which will be printed in illumina
tion as a frontispiece.
Illustrated articles on the campus
and the Stock Farm are being pre
pared, while a series of photographs
of the new buildings as they grow
from the foundation up, will tell
the story of the expansion of the
quadrangle. The editors have
announced that the prize story and
poem will be in harmony with this
idea.
The outline of the 1904 Quad is
beginning to assume definite shape,
and the staff are now at work col
lecting material for the various de
partments.
Since last year saw the closing of
the first decade in the University's
history, and this year sees the
opening of a new era, it is intended
to make the Quad rather anticipa
tory in tone.
Dr. Jordan will contribute an
article on "Stanford After Twenty
Years," in which he will discuss
some of the changes in the Uni
versity spirit which will result from
the erection of new buildings and
the passing of the old life.
Prof. Mary Roberts Smith will
contribute a new Stanford song,
which will be printed in illumina
tion as a frontispiece.
Illustrated articles on the campus
and the Stock Farm are being pre
pared, while a series of photographs
of the new buildings as they grow
from the foundation up, will tell
the story of the expansion of the
quadrangle. The editors have
announced that the prize story and
poem will be in harmony with this
idea.
The outline of the 1904 Quad is
beginning to assume definite shape,
and the staff are now at work col
lecting material for the various de
partments.
Since last year saw the closing of
the first decade in the University's
history, and this year sees the
opening of a new era, it is intended
to make the Quad rather anticipa
tory in tone.
Dr. Jordan will contribute an
article on "Stanford After Twenty
Years," in which he will discuss
some of the changes in the Uni
versity spirit which will result from
the erection of new buildings and
the passing of the old life.
Prof. Mary Roberts Smith will
contribute a new Stanford song,
which will be printed in illumina
tion as a frontispiece.
Illustrated articles on the campus
and the Stock Farm are being pre
pared, while a series of photographs
of the new buildings as they grow
from the foundation up, will tell
the story of the expansion of the
quadrangle. The editors have
announced that the prize story and
poem will be in harmony with this
idea.
The outline of the 1904 Quad is
beginning to assume definite shape,
and the staff are now at work col
lecting material for the various de
partments.
Since last year saw the closing of
the first decade in the University's
history, and this year sees the
opening of a new era, it is intended
to make the Quad rather anticipa
tory in tone.
Dr. Jordan will contribute an
article on "Stanford After Twenty
Years," in which he will discuss
some of the changes in the Uni
versity spirit which will result from
the erection of new buildings and
the passing of the old life.
Prof. Mary Roberts Smith will
contribute a new Stanford song,
which will be printed in illumina
tion as a frontispiece.
Illustrated articles on the campus
and the Stock Farm are being pre
pared, while a series of photographs
of the new buildings as they grow
from the foundation up, will tell
the story of the expansion of the
quadrangle. The editors have
announced that the prize story and
poem will be in harmony with this
idea.
The outline of the 1904 Quad is
beginning to assume definite shape,
and the staff are now at work col
lecting material for the various de
partments.
Since last year saw the closing of
the first decade in the University's
history, and this year sees the
opening of a new era, it is intended
to make the Quad rather anticipa
tory in tone.
Dr. Jordan will contribute an
article on "Stanford After Twenty
Years," in which he will discuss
some of the changes in the Uni
versity spirit which will result from
the erection of new buildings and
the passing of the old life.
Prof. Mary Roberts Smith will
contribute a new Stanford song,
which will be printed in illumina
tion as a frontispiece.
Illustrated articles on the campus
and the Stock Farm are being pre
pared, while a series of photographs
of the new buildings as they grow
from the foundation up, will tell
the story of the expansion of the
quadrangle. The editors have
announced that the prize story and
poem will be in harmony with this
idea.
The outline of the 1904 Quad is
beginning to assume definite shape,
and the staff are now at work col
lecting material for the various de
partments.
Since last year saw the closing of
the first decade in the University's
history, and this year sees the
opening of a new era, it is intended
to make the Quad rather anticipa
tory in tone.
Dr. Jordan will contribute an
article on "Stanford After Twenty
Years," in which he will discuss
some of the changes in the Uni
versity spirit which will result from
the erection of new buildings and
the passing of the old life.
Prof. Mary Roberts Smith will
contribute a new Stanford song,
which will be printed in illumina
tion as a frontispiece.
Illustrated articles on the campus
and the Stock Farm are being pre
pared, while a series of photographs
of the new buildings as they grow
from the foundation up, will tell
the story of the expansion of the
quadrangle. The editors have
announced that the prize story and
poem will be in harmony with this
idea.
The outline of the 1904 Quad is
beginning to assume definite shape,
and the staff are now at work col
lecting material for the various de
partments.
Since last year saw the closing of
the first decade in the University's
history, and this year sees the
opening of a new era, it is intended
to make the Quad rather anticipa
tory in tone.
Dr. Jordan will contribute an
article on "Stanford After Twenty
Years," in which he will discuss
some of the changes in the Uni
versity spirit which will result from
the erection of new buildings and
the passing of the old life.
Prof. Mary Roberts Smith will
contribute a new Stanford song,
which will be printed in illumina
tion as a frontispiece.
Illustrated articles on the campus
and the Stock Farm are being pre
pared, while a series of photographs
of the new buildings as they grow
from the foundation up, will tell
the story of the expansion of the
quadrangle. The editors have
announced that the prize story and
poem will be in harmony with this
idea.
