# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—The wiring has just been com
pleted for a new signal system,
consisting of telephones, bells, and
psychological instruments, connect
ing the eight rooms of the Psychol
ogy Laboratory. The system is of
great convenience to those working
there, for it enables students in the
different rooms to transmit the re
sults of their experiments directly
to the professors without loss of
time.
—The wiring has just been com
pleted for a new signal system,
consisting of telephones, bells, and
psychological instruments, connect
ing the eight rooms of the Psychol
ogy Laboratory. The system is of
great convenience to those working
there, for it enables students in the
different rooms to transmit the re
sults of their experiments directly
to the professors without loss of
time.
—The wiring has just been com
pleted for a new signal system,
consisting of telephones, bells, and
psychological instruments, connect
ing the eight rooms of the Psychol
ogy Laboratory. The system is of
great convenience to those working
there, for it enables students in the
different rooms to transmit the re
sults of their experiments directly
to the professors without loss of
time.
—The wiring has just been com
pleted for a new signal system,
consisting of telephones, bells, and
psychological instruments, connect
ing the eight rooms of the Psychol
ogy Laboratory. The system is of
great convenience to those working
there, for it enables students in the
different rooms to transmit the re
sults of their experiments directly
to the professors without loss of
time.
—The wiring has just been com
pleted for a new signal system,
consisting of telephones, bells, and
psychological instruments, connect
ing the eight rooms of the Psychol
ogy Laboratory. The system is of
great convenience to those working
there, for it enables students in the
different rooms to transmit the re
sults of their experiments directly
to the professors without loss of
time.
—The wiring has just been com
pleted for a new signal system,
consisting of telephones, bells, and
psychological instruments, connect
ing the eight rooms of the Psychol
ogy Laboratory. The system is of
great convenience to those working
there, for it enables students in the
different rooms to transmit the re
sults of their experiments directly
to the professors without loss of
time.
—The wiring has just been com
pleted for a new signal system,
consisting of telephones, bells, and
psychological instruments, connect
ing the eight rooms of the Psychol
ogy Laboratory. The system is of
great convenience to those working
there, for it enables students in the
different rooms to transmit the re
sults of their experiments directly
to the professors without loss of
time.
—The wiring has just been com
pleted for a new signal system,
consisting of telephones, bells, and
psychological instruments, connect
ing the eight rooms of the Psychol
ogy Laboratory. The system is of
great convenience to those working
there, for it enables students in the
different rooms to transmit the re
sults of their experiments directly
to the professors without loss of
time.
