# Adv. 7 Page 3
## 
### 
WELCOME
Stanford Students
You will find our self
service library of single
records and albums
still the best on the
Peninsula.
Exclusive Palo Alto
Dealer for
RCA Victor
Magnavox
Radio Service
HAGE'S
Stanford Music Shop
367 University PA. 8315
WELCOME
Stanford Students
You will find our self
service library of single
records and albums
still the best on the
Peninsula.
Exclusive Palo Alto
Dealer for
RCA Victor
Magnavox
Radio Service
HAGE'S
Stanford Music Shop
367 University PA. 8315
WELCOME
Stanford Students
You will find our self
service library of single
records and albums
still the best on the
Peninsula.
Exclusive Palo Alto
Dealer for
RCA Victor
Magnavox
Radio Service
HAGE'S
Stanford Music Shop
367 University PA. 8315
WELCOME
Stanford Students
You will find our self
service library of single
records and albums
still the best on the
Peninsula.
Exclusive Palo Alto
Dealer for
RCA Victor
Magnavox
Radio Service
HAGE'S
Stanford Music Shop
367 University PA. 8315
WELCOME
Stanford Students
You will find our self
service library of single
records and albums
still the best on the
Peninsula.
Exclusive Palo Alto
Dealer for
RCA Victor
Magnavox
Radio Service
HAGE'S
Stanford Music Shop
367 University PA. 8315
WELCOME
Stanford Students
You will find our self
service library of single
records and albums
still the best on the
Peninsula.
Exclusive Palo Alto
Dealer for
RCA Victor
Magnavox
Radio Service
HAGE'S
Stanford Music Shop
367 University PA. 8315
WELCOME
Stanford Students
You will find our self
service library of single
records and albums
still the best on the
Peninsula.
Exclusive Palo Alto
Dealer for
RCA Victor
Magnavox
Radio Service
HAGE'S
Stanford Music Shop
367 University PA. 8315
WELCOME
Stanford Students
You will find our self
service library of single
records and albums
still the best on the
Peninsula.
Exclusive Palo Alto
Dealer for
RCA Victor
Magnavox
Radio Service
HAGE'S
Stanford Music Shop
367 University PA. 8315
WELCOME
Stanford Students
You will find our self
service library of single
records and albums
still the best on the
Peninsula.
Exclusive Palo Alto
Dealer for
RCA Victor
Magnavox
Radio Service
HAGE'S
Stanford Music Shop
367 University PA. 8315
WELCOME
Stanford Students
You will find our self
service library of single
records and albums
still the best on the
Peninsula.
Exclusive Palo Alto
Dealer for
RCA Victor
Magnavox
Radio Service
HAGE'S
Stanford Music Shop
367 University PA. 8315
WELCOME
Stanford Students
You will find our self
service library of single
records and albums
still the best on the
Peninsula.
Exclusive Palo Alto
Dealer for
RCA Victor
Magnavox
Radio Service
HAGE'S
Stanford Music Shop
367 University PA. 8315
WELCOME
Stanford Students
You will find our self
service library of single
records and albums
still the best on the
Peninsula.
Exclusive Palo Alto
Dealer for
RCA Victor
Magnavox
Radio Service
HAGE'S
Stanford Music Shop
367 University PA. 8315
WELCOME
Stanford Students
You will find our self
service library of single
records and albums
still the best on the
Peninsula.
Exclusive Palo Alto
Dealer for
RCA Victor
Magnavox
Radio Service
HAGE'S
Stanford Music Shop
367 University PA. 8315
WELCOME
Stanford Students
You will find our self
service library of single
records and albums
still the best on the
Peninsula.
Exclusive Palo Alto
Dealer for
RCA Victor
Magnavox
Radio Service
HAGE'S
Stanford Music Shop
367 University PA. 8315
WELCOME
Stanford Students
You will find our self
service library of single
records and albums
still the best on the
Peninsula.
Exclusive Palo Alto
Dealer for
RCA Victor
Magnavox
Radio Service
HAGE'S
Stanford Music Shop
367 University PA. 8315
