# AVC Will Meet Tonight at Village
## 
### 
There will be a short meeting of
(lie Stanford AVC chapter in room
P.IOA at Stanford Village at 7 sharp
this evening. Chairman Joe Dye
emphasizes I hat this meeting is
purely introductionary and is being
held on the Village premises to give
id] new veterans a chance to become
acquainted with their outfit.
Aims and coming program for fall
quarter on the national and local
scene and where AVC (its will be
discussed. All veterans are invited
to attend and air their views on how
the organization may be strength
ened. There is a possibility that if
enough men request a separate
chapter the split will be made, or
that meetings may be held at Stan
lord Village in the future.
