# RESPECTABILITY REQUIRED
## 
### 
PORTLAND, Ore., Sept. 25 (UP).
—Leo Yates, 17-year-old Silverton,
Ore., former merchant seaman, to
day was en route to the San Diego
Marine Base, having given up a
woman that he might enlist in the
U.S. Marine Corps.
The woman in question was a
nude—tattooed on his right fore
arm—strictly against Marine Corps
regulations.
So a Portland tattoo artist was
called in and he put a two-piece
bathing suit on the questionable
lady in question.
PORTLAND, Ore., Sept. 25 (UP).
—Leo Yates, 17-year-old Silverton,
Ore., former merchant seaman, to
day was en route to the San Diego
Marine Base, having given up a
woman that he might enlist in the
U.S. Marine Corps.
The woman in question was a
nude—tattooed on his right fore
arm—strictly against Marine Corps
regulations.
So a Portland tattoo artist was
called in and he put a two-piece
bathing suit on the questionable
lady in question.
PORTLAND, Ore., Sept. 25 (UP).
—Leo Yates, 17-year-old Silverton,
Ore., former merchant seaman, to
day was en route to the San Diego
Marine Base, having given up a
woman that he might enlist in the
U.S. Marine Corps.
The woman in question was a
nude—tattooed on his right fore
arm—strictly against Marine Corps
regulations.
So a Portland tattoo artist was
called in and he put a two-piece
bathing suit on the questionable
lady in question.
PORTLAND, Ore., Sept. 25 (UP).
—Leo Yates, 17-year-old Silverton,
Ore., former merchant seaman, to
day was en route to the San Diego
Marine Base, having given up a
woman that he might enlist in the
U.S. Marine Corps.
The woman in question was a
nude—tattooed on his right fore
arm—strictly against Marine Corps
regulations.
So a Portland tattoo artist was
called in and he put a two-piece
bathing suit on the questionable
lady in question.
PORTLAND, Ore., Sept. 25 (UP).
—Leo Yates, 17-year-old Silverton,
Ore., former merchant seaman, to
day was en route to the San Diego
Marine Base, having given up a
woman that he might enlist in the
U.S. Marine Corps.
The woman in question was a
nude—tattooed on his right fore
arm—strictly against Marine Corps
regulations.
So a Portland tattoo artist was
called in and he put a two-piece
bathing suit on the questionable
lady in question.
PORTLAND, Ore., Sept. 25 (UP).
—Leo Yates, 17-year-old Silverton,
Ore., former merchant seaman, to
day was en route to the San Diego
Marine Base, having given up a
woman that he might enlist in the
U.S. Marine Corps.
The woman in question was a
nude—tattooed on his right fore
arm—strictly against Marine Corps
regulations.
So a Portland tattoo artist was
called in and he put a two-piece
bathing suit on the questionable
lady in question.
PORTLAND, Ore., Sept. 25 (UP).
—Leo Yates, 17-year-old Silverton,
Ore., former merchant seaman, to
day was en route to the San Diego
Marine Base, having given up a
woman that he might enlist in the
U.S. Marine Corps.
The woman in question was a
nude—tattooed on his right fore
arm—strictly against Marine Corps
regulations.
So a Portland tattoo artist was
called in and he put a two-piece
bathing suit on the questionable
lady in question.
PORTLAND, Ore., Sept. 25 (UP).
—Leo Yates, 17-year-old Silverton,
Ore., former merchant seaman, to
day was en route to the San Diego
Marine Base, having given up a
woman that he might enlist in the
U.S. Marine Corps.
The woman in question was a
nude—tattooed on his right fore
arm—strictly against Marine Corps
regulations.
So a Portland tattoo artist was
called in and he put a two-piece
bathing suit on the questionable
lady in question.
PORTLAND, Ore., Sept. 25 (UP).
—Leo Yates, 17-year-old Silverton,
Ore., former merchant seaman, to
day was en route to the San Diego
Marine Base, having given up a
woman that he might enlist in the
U.S. Marine Corps.
The woman in question was a
nude—tattooed on his right fore
arm—strictly against Marine Corps
regulations.
So a Portland tattoo artist was
called in and he put a two-piece
bathing suit on the questionable
lady in question.
PORTLAND, Ore., Sept. 25 (UP).
—Leo Yates, 17-year-old Silverton,
Ore., former merchant seaman, to
day was en route to the San Diego
Marine Base, having given up a
woman that he might enlist in the
U.S. Marine Corps.
The woman in question was a
nude—tattooed on his right fore
arm—strictly against Marine Corps
regulations.
So a Portland tattoo artist was
called in and he put a two-piece
bathing suit on the questionable
lady in question.
PORTLAND, Ore., Sept. 25 (UP).
—Leo Yates, 17-year-old Silverton,
Ore., former merchant seaman, to
day was en route to the San Diego
Marine Base, having given up a
woman that he might enlist in the
U.S. Marine Corps.
The woman in question was a
nude—tattooed on his right fore
arm—strictly against Marine Corps
regulations.
So a Portland tattoo artist was
called in and he put a two-piece
bathing suit on the questionable
lady in question.
PORTLAND, Ore., Sept. 25 (UP).
—Leo Yates, 17-year-old Silverton,
Ore., former merchant seaman, to
day was en route to the San Diego
Marine Base, having given up a
woman that he might enlist in the
U.S. Marine Corps.
The woman in question was a
nude—tattooed on his right fore
arm—strictly against Marine Corps
regulations.
So a Portland tattoo artist was
called in and he put a two-piece
bathing suit on the questionable
lady in question.
PORTLAND, Ore., Sept. 25 (UP).
—Leo Yates, 17-year-old Silverton,
Ore., former merchant seaman, to
day was en route to the San Diego
Marine Base, having given up a
woman that he might enlist in the
U.S. Marine Corps.
The woman in question was a
nude—tattooed on his right fore
arm—strictly against Marine Corps
regulations.
So a Portland tattoo artist was
called in and he put a two-piece
bathing suit on the questionable
lady in question.
PORTLAND, Ore., Sept. 25 (UP).
—Leo Yates, 17-year-old Silverton,
Ore., former merchant seaman, to
day was en route to the San Diego
Marine Base, having given up a
woman that he might enlist in the
U.S. Marine Corps.
The woman in question was a
nude—tattooed on his right fore
arm—strictly against Marine Corps
regulations.
So a Portland tattoo artist was
called in and he put a two-piece
bathing suit on the questionable
lady in question.
PORTLAND, Ore., Sept. 25 (UP).
—Leo Yates, 17-year-old Silverton,
Ore., former merchant seaman, to
day was en route to the San Diego
Marine Base, having given up a
woman that he might enlist in the
U.S. Marine Corps.
The woman in question was a
nude—tattooed on his right fore
arm—strictly against Marine Corps
regulations.
So a Portland tattoo artist was
called in and he put a two-piece
bathing suit on the questionable
lady in question.
