# Med School service programs are still in planning stages
## 
### Lesley Barnes 
The Medical School traditionally
has had very little to offer in the
way of public service opportuni
ties.
In the recent past, the only or
ganized community service work
available to medical students has
been working at an information
table for the East Palo Alto AIDS
project. A core group of about 15
medical students man the table
four times a week. They also talk
to people on the streets about the
disease and hand out free bleach
kits.
Now, however, there are two
programs in the works that will
make it easier for medical stu
dents to get involved with public
service.
Research assistantships, which
are administered by the school's
Medical Scholars Program, are
being expanded to include work

in community service. Medical
students whc have assistantships
work 10-20 hours a week in lab
oratories for a tuition credit and
a stipend. Beginning winter term,
there will be three assistantships
relating to community service.
Details and funding concerns are
still being decided.
There is also a primary care
clinic for the homeless on the
drawing board. Under the direc
tion of Michael Eliastam, associ
ate professor of surgery and
medicine and director of emer
gency services at Stanford Hospi
tal, about 30 Stanford medical
students are planning the creation
of a clinic to serve the mid-
Peninsula region. Eliastam
stressed that the clinic will be
student-organized and student
managed. The project, which will
be based on similar clinics at other
medical schools, is now in the dis
cussion phase, he said.
The Medical School traditionally
has had very little to offer in the
way of public service opportuni
ties.
In the recent past, the only or
ganized community service work
available to medical students has
been working at an information
table for the East Palo Alto AIDS
project. A core group of about 15
medical students man the table
four times a week. They also talk
to people on the streets about the
disease and hand out free bleach
kits.
Now, however, there are two
programs in the works that will
make it easier for medical stu
dents to get involved with public
service.
Research assistantships, which
are administered by the school's
Medical Scholars Program, are
being expanded to include work

in community service. Medical
students whc have assistantships
work 10-20 hours a week in lab
oratories for a tuition credit and
a stipend. Beginning winter term,
there will be three assistantships
relating to community service.
Details and funding concerns are
still being decided.
There is also a primary care
clinic for the homeless on the
drawing board. Under the direc
tion of Michael Eliastam, associ
ate professor of surgery and
medicine and director of emer
gency services at Stanford Hospi
tal, about 30 Stanford medical
students are planning the creation
of a clinic to serve the mid-
Peninsula region. Eliastam
stressed that the clinic will be
student-organized and student
managed. The project, which will
be based on similar clinics at other
medical schools, is now in the dis
cussion phase, he said.
The Medical School traditionally
has had very little to offer in the
way of public service opportuni
ties.
In the recent past, the only or
ganized community service work
available to medical students has
been working at an information
table for the East Palo Alto AIDS
project. A core group of about 15
medical students man the table
four times a week. They also talk
to people on the streets about the
disease and hand out free bleach
kits.
Now, however, there are two
programs in the works that will
make it easier for medical stu
dents to get involved with public
service.
Research assistantships, which
are administered by the school's
Medical Scholars Program, are
being expanded to include work

in community service. Medical
students whc have assistantships
work 10-20 hours a week in lab
oratories for a tuition credit and
a stipend. Beginning winter term,
there will be three assistantships
relating to community service.
Details and funding concerns are
still being decided.
There is also a primary care
clinic for the homeless on the
drawing board. Under the direc
tion of Michael Eliastam, associ
ate professor of surgery and
medicine and director of emer
gency services at Stanford Hospi
tal, about 30 Stanford medical
students are planning the creation
of a clinic to serve the mid-
Peninsula region. Eliastam
stressed that the clinic will be
student-organized and student
managed. The project, which will
be based on similar clinics at other
medical schools, is now in the dis
cussion phase, he said.
The Medical School traditionally
has had very little to offer in the
way of public service opportuni
ties.
In the recent past, the only or
ganized community service work
available to medical students has
been working at an information
table for the East Palo Alto AIDS
project. A core group of about 15
medical students man the table
four times a week. They also talk
to people on the streets about the
disease and hand out free bleach
kits.
Now, however, there are two
programs in the works that will
make it easier for medical stu
dents to get involved with public
service.
Research assistantships, which
are administered by the school's
Medical Scholars Program, are
being expanded to include work

in community service. Medical
students whc have assistantships
work 10-20 hours a week in lab
oratories for a tuition credit and
a stipend. Beginning winter term,
there will be three assistantships
relating to community service.
Details and funding concerns are
still being decided.
There is also a primary care
clinic for the homeless on the
drawing board. Under the direc
tion of Michael Eliastam, associ
ate professor of surgery and
medicine and director of emer
gency services at Stanford Hospi
tal, about 30 Stanford medical
students are planning the creation
of a clinic to serve the mid-
Peninsula region. Eliastam
stressed that the clinic will be
student-organized and student
managed. The project, which will
be based on similar clinics at other
medical schools, is now in the dis
cussion phase, he said.
The Medical School traditionally
has had very little to offer in the
way of public service opportuni
ties.
In the recent past, the only or
ganized community service work
available to medical students has
been working at an information
table for the East Palo Alto AIDS
project. A core group of about 15
medical students man the table
four times a week. They also talk
to people on the streets about the
disease and hand out free bleach
kits.
Now, however, there are two
programs in the works that will
make it easier for medical stu
dents to get involved with public
service.
Research assistantships, which
are administered by the school's
Medical Scholars Program, are
being expanded to include work

in community service. Medical
students whc have assistantships
work 10-20 hours a week in lab
oratories for a tuition credit and
a stipend. Beginning winter term,
there will be three assistantships
relating to community service.
Details and funding concerns are
still being decided.
There is also a primary care
clinic for the homeless on the
drawing board. Under the direc
tion of Michael Eliastam, associ
ate professor of surgery and
medicine and director of emer
gency services at Stanford Hospi
tal, about 30 Stanford medical
students are planning the creation
of a clinic to serve the mid-
Peninsula region. Eliastam
stressed that the clinic will be
student-organized and student
managed. The project, which will
be based on similar clinics at other
medical schools, is now in the dis
cussion phase, he said.
The Medical School traditionally
has had very little to offer in the
way of public service opportuni
ties.
In the recent past, the only or
ganized community service work
available to medical students has
been working at an information
table for the East Palo Alto AIDS
project. A core group of about 15
medical students man the table
four times a week. They also talk
to people on the streets about the
disease and hand out free bleach
kits.
Now, however, there are two
programs in the works that will
make it easier for medical stu
dents to get involved with public
service.
Research assistantships, which
are administered by the school's
Medical Scholars Program, are
being expanded to include work

in community service. Medical
students whc have assistantships
work 10-20 hours a week in lab
oratories for a tuition credit and
a stipend. Beginning winter term,
there will be three assistantships
relating to community service.
Details and funding concerns are
still being decided.
There is also a primary care
clinic for the homeless on the
drawing board. Under the direc
tion of Michael Eliastam, associ
ate professor of surgery and
medicine and director of emer
gency services at Stanford Hospi
tal, about 30 Stanford medical
students are planning the creation
of a clinic to serve the mid-
Peninsula region. Eliastam
stressed that the clinic will be
student-organized and student
managed. The project, which will
be based on similar clinics at other
medical schools, is now in the dis
cussion phase, he said.
The Medical School traditionally
has had very little to offer in the
way of public service opportuni
ties.
In the recent past, the only or
ganized community service work
available to medical students has
been working at an information
table for the East Palo Alto AIDS
project. A core group of about 15
medical students man the table
four times a week. They also talk
to people on the streets about the
disease and hand out free bleach
kits.
Now, however, there are two
programs in the works that will
make it easier for medical stu
dents to get involved with public
service.
Research assistantships, which
are administered by the school's
Medical Scholars Program, are
being expanded to include work

in community service. Medical
students whc have assistantships
work 10-20 hours a week in lab
oratories for a tuition credit and
a stipend. Beginning winter term,
there will be three assistantships
relating to community service.
Details and funding concerns are
still being decided.
There is also a primary care
clinic for the homeless on the
drawing board. Under the direc
tion of Michael Eliastam, associ
ate professor of surgery and
medicine and director of emer
gency services at Stanford Hospi
tal, about 30 Stanford medical
students are planning the creation
of a clinic to serve the mid-
Peninsula region. Eliastam
stressed that the clinic will be
student-organized and student
managed. The project, which will
be based on similar clinics at other
medical schools, is now in the dis
cussion phase, he said.
The Medical School traditionally
has had very little to offer in the
way of public service opportuni
ties.
In the recent past, the only or
ganized community service work
available to medical students has
been working at an information
table for the East Palo Alto AIDS
project. A core group of about 15
medical students man the table
four times a week. They also talk
to people on the streets about the
disease and hand out free bleach
kits.
Now, however, there are two
programs in the works that will
make it easier for medical stu
dents to get involved with public
service.
Research assistantships, which
are administered by the school's
Medical Scholars Program, are
being expanded to include work

in community service. Medical
students whc have assistantships
work 10-20 hours a week in lab
oratories for a tuition credit and
a stipend. Beginning winter term,
there will be three assistantships
relating to community service.
Details and funding concerns are
still being decided.
There is also a primary care
clinic for the homeless on the
drawing board. Under the direc
tion of Michael Eliastam, associ
ate professor of surgery and
medicine and director of emer
gency services at Stanford Hospi
tal, about 30 Stanford medical
students are planning the creation
of a clinic to serve the mid-
Peninsula region. Eliastam
stressed that the clinic will be
student-organized and student
managed. The project, which will
be based on similar clinics at other
medical schools, is now in the dis
cussion phase, he said.
