# Adv. 13 Page 4
## 
### 
3 room apartment, lake district,
Oakland, completely furnished with
baby grand piano, near two car
lines and S.P. train. Possession
June 15. Adult. References. $90.
Oakland 5519.
FOR RENT — Unfurnished cottage,
large living room with fireplace, 2
bedrooms, bath, large kitchen,
screened porch, roomy garage, beau
tiful surroundings. Across Roble
Bridge. $35.00 per month. Apply
Professor Boezinger, Phone 798-W.
WANTED —A passenger to Chicago;
leaving about June 15. Pox 2116,
Campus.
FOR RENT —Staller Court, 345 For
est Ave. Two- and three- room
apartments available now. Auto
matic elevator. Electrically equip
ped kitchens, including Frigidaire.
Janitor service. Hotel service if de
sired. P.A. 3490. SPECIAL AR
RANGEMENTS FOR COMMENCE
MENT VISITORS.
LOST —Somewhere on campus, small
filing box containing contracts.
Finder please notify 1928 Quad
Manager's office in Old Union.
3 room apartment, lake district,
Oakland, completely furnished with
baby grand piano, near two car
lines and S.P. train. Possession
June 15. Adult. References. $90.
Oakland 5519.
FOR RENT — Unfurnished cottage,
large living room with fireplace, 2
bedrooms, bath, large kitchen,
screened porch, roomy garage, beau
tiful surroundings. Across Roble
Bridge. $35.00 per month. Apply
Professor Boezinger, Phone 798-W.
WANTED —A passenger to Chicago;
leaving about June 15. Pox 2116,
Campus.
FOR RENT —Staller Court, 345 For
est Ave. Two- and three- room
apartments available now. Auto
matic elevator. Electrically equip
ped kitchens, including Frigidaire.
Janitor service. Hotel service if de
sired. P.A. 3490. SPECIAL AR
RANGEMENTS FOR COMMENCE
MENT VISITORS.
LOST —Somewhere on campus, small
filing box containing contracts.
Finder please notify 1928 Quad
Manager's office in Old Union.
3 room apartment, lake district,
Oakland, completely furnished with
baby grand piano, near two car
lines and S.P. train. Possession
June 15. Adult. References. $90.
Oakland 5519.
FOR RENT — Unfurnished cottage,
large living room with fireplace, 2
bedrooms, bath, large kitchen,
screened porch, roomy garage, beau
tiful surroundings. Across Roble
Bridge. $35.00 per month. Apply
Professor Boezinger, Phone 798-W.
WANTED —A passenger to Chicago;
leaving about June 15. Pox 2116,
Campus.
FOR RENT —Staller Court, 345 For
est Ave. Two- and three- room
apartments available now. Auto
matic elevator. Electrically equip
ped kitchens, including Frigidaire.
Janitor service. Hotel service if de
sired. P.A. 3490. SPECIAL AR
RANGEMENTS FOR COMMENCE
MENT VISITORS.
LOST —Somewhere on campus, small
filing box containing contracts.
Finder please notify 1928 Quad
Manager's office in Old Union.
3 room apartment, lake district,
Oakland, completely furnished with
baby grand piano, near two car
lines and S.P. train. Possession
June 15. Adult. References. $90.
Oakland 5519.
FOR RENT — Unfurnished cottage,
large living room with fireplace, 2
bedrooms, bath, large kitchen,
screened porch, roomy garage, beau
tiful surroundings. Across Roble
Bridge. $35.00 per month. Apply
Professor Boezinger, Phone 798-W.
WANTED —A passenger to Chicago;
leaving about June 15. Pox 2116,
Campus.
FOR RENT —Staller Court, 345 For
est Ave. Two- and three- room
apartments available now. Auto
matic elevator. Electrically equip
ped kitchens, including Frigidaire.
Janitor service. Hotel service if de
sired. P.A. 3490. SPECIAL AR
RANGEMENTS FOR COMMENCE
MENT VISITORS.
LOST —Somewhere on campus, small
filing box containing contracts.
Finder please notify 1928 Quad
Manager's office in Old Union.
3 room apartment, lake district,
Oakland, completely furnished with
baby grand piano, near two car
lines and S.P. train. Possession
June 15. Adult. References. $90.
Oakland 5519.
FOR RENT — Unfurnished cottage,
large living room with fireplace, 2
bedrooms, bath, large kitchen,
screened porch, roomy garage, beau
tiful surroundings. Across Roble
Bridge. $35.00 per month. Apply
Professor Boezinger, Phone 798-W.
WANTED —A passenger to Chicago;
leaving about June 15. Pox 2116,
Campus.
FOR RENT —Staller Court, 345 For
est Ave. Two- and three- room
apartments available now. Auto
matic elevator. Electrically equip
ped kitchens, including Frigidaire.
Janitor service. Hotel service if de
sired. P.A. 3490. SPECIAL AR
RANGEMENTS FOR COMMENCE
MENT VISITORS.
LOST —Somewhere on campus, small
filing box containing contracts.
Finder please notify 1928 Quad
Manager's office in Old Union.
3 room apartment, lake district,
Oakland, completely furnished with
baby grand piano, near two car
lines and S.P. train. Possession
June 15. Adult. References. $90.
Oakland 5519.
FOR RENT — Unfurnished cottage,
large living room with fireplace, 2
bedrooms, bath, large kitchen,
screened porch, roomy garage, beau
tiful surroundings. Across Roble
Bridge. $35.00 per month. Apply
Professor Boezinger, Phone 798-W.
WANTED —A passenger to Chicago;
leaving about June 15. Pox 2116,
Campus.
FOR RENT —Staller Court, 345 For
est Ave. Two- and three- room
apartments available now. Auto
matic elevator. Electrically equip
ped kitchens, including Frigidaire.
Janitor service. Hotel service if de
sired. P.A. 3490. SPECIAL AR
RANGEMENTS FOR COMMENCE
MENT VISITORS.
LOST —Somewhere on campus, small
filing box containing contracts.
Finder please notify 1928 Quad
Manager's office in Old Union.
3 room apartment, lake district,
Oakland, completely furnished with
baby grand piano, near two car
lines and S.P. train. Possession
June 15. Adult. References. $90.
Oakland 5519.
FOR RENT — Unfurnished cottage,
large living room with fireplace, 2
bedrooms, bath, large kitchen,
screened porch, roomy garage, beau
tiful surroundings. Across Roble
Bridge. $35.00 per month. Apply
Professor Boezinger, Phone 798-W.
WANTED —A passenger to Chicago;
leaving about June 15. Pox 2116,
Campus.
FOR RENT —Staller Court, 345 For
est Ave. Two- and three- room
apartments available now. Auto
matic elevator. Electrically equip
ped kitchens, including Frigidaire.
Janitor service. Hotel service if de
sired. P.A. 3490. SPECIAL AR
RANGEMENTS FOR COMMENCE
MENT VISITORS.
LOST —Somewhere on campus, small
filing box containing contracts.
Finder please notify 1928 Quad
Manager's office in Old Union.
3 room apartment, lake district,
Oakland, completely furnished with
baby grand piano, near two car
lines and S.P. train. Possession
June 15. Adult. References. $90.
Oakland 5519.
FOR RENT — Unfurnished cottage,
large living room with fireplace, 2
bedrooms, bath, large kitchen,
screened porch, roomy garage, beau
tiful surroundings. Across Roble
Bridge. $35.00 per month. Apply
Professor Boezinger, Phone 798-W.
WANTED —A passenger to Chicago;
leaving about June 15. Pox 2116,
Campus.
FOR RENT —Staller Court, 345 For
est Ave. Two- and three- room
apartments available now. Auto
matic elevator. Electrically equip
ped kitchens, including Frigidaire.
Janitor service. Hotel service if de
sired. P.A. 3490. SPECIAL AR
RANGEMENTS FOR COMMENCE
MENT VISITORS.
LOST —Somewhere on campus, small
filing box containing contracts.
Finder please notify 1928 Quad
Manager's office in Old Union.
3 room apartment, lake district,
Oakland, completely furnished with
baby grand piano, near two car
lines and S.P. train. Possession
June 15. Adult. References. $90.
Oakland 5519.
FOR RENT — Unfurnished cottage,
large living room with fireplace, 2
bedrooms, bath, large kitchen,
screened porch, roomy garage, beau
tiful surroundings. Across Roble
Bridge. $35.00 per month. Apply
Professor Boezinger, Phone 798-W.
WANTED —A passenger to Chicago;
leaving about June 15. Pox 2116,
Campus.
FOR RENT —Staller Court, 345 For
est Ave. Two- and three- room
apartments available now. Auto
matic elevator. Electrically equip
ped kitchens, including Frigidaire.
Janitor service. Hotel service if de
sired. P.A. 3490. SPECIAL AR
RANGEMENTS FOR COMMENCE
MENT VISITORS.
LOST —Somewhere on campus, small
filing box containing contracts.
Finder please notify 1928 Quad
Manager's office in Old Union.
3 room apartment, lake district,
Oakland, completely furnished with
baby grand piano, near two car
lines and S.P. train. Possession
June 15. Adult. References. $90.
Oakland 5519.
FOR RENT — Unfurnished cottage,
large living room with fireplace, 2
bedrooms, bath, large kitchen,
screened porch, roomy garage, beau
tiful surroundings. Across Roble
Bridge. $35.00 per month. Apply
Professor Boezinger, Phone 798-W.
WANTED —A passenger to Chicago;
leaving about June 15. Pox 2116,
Campus.
FOR RENT —Staller Court, 345 For
est Ave. Two- and three- room
apartments available now. Auto
matic elevator. Electrically equip
ped kitchens, including Frigidaire.
Janitor service. Hotel service if de
sired. P.A. 3490. SPECIAL AR
RANGEMENTS FOR COMMENCE
MENT VISITORS.
LOST —Somewhere on campus, small
filing box containing contracts.
Finder please notify 1928 Quad
Manager's office in Old Union.
3 room apartment, lake district,
Oakland, completely furnished with
baby grand piano, near two car
lines and S.P. train. Possession
June 15. Adult. References. $90.
Oakland 5519.
FOR RENT — Unfurnished cottage,
large living room with fireplace, 2
bedrooms, bath, large kitchen,
screened porch, roomy garage, beau
tiful surroundings. Across Roble
Bridge. $35.00 per month. Apply
Professor Boezinger, Phone 798-W.
WANTED —A passenger to Chicago;
leaving about June 15. Pox 2116,
Campus.
FOR RENT —Staller Court, 345 For
est Ave. Two- and three- room
apartments available now. Auto
matic elevator. Electrically equip
ped kitchens, including Frigidaire.
Janitor service. Hotel service if de
sired. P.A. 3490. SPECIAL AR
RANGEMENTS FOR COMMENCE
MENT VISITORS.
LOST —Somewhere on campus, small
filing box containing contracts.
Finder please notify 1928 Quad
Manager's office in Old Union.
3 room apartment, lake district,
Oakland, completely furnished with
baby grand piano, near two car
lines and S.P. train. Possession
June 15. Adult. References. $90.
Oakland 5519.
FOR RENT — Unfurnished cottage,
large living room with fireplace, 2
bedrooms, bath, large kitchen,
screened porch, roomy garage, beau
tiful surroundings. Across Roble
Bridge. $35.00 per month. Apply
Professor Boezinger, Phone 798-W.
WANTED —A passenger to Chicago;
leaving about June 15. Pox 2116,
Campus.
FOR RENT —Staller Court, 345 For
est Ave. Two- and three- room
apartments available now. Auto
matic elevator. Electrically equip
ped kitchens, including Frigidaire.
Janitor service. Hotel service if de
sired. P.A. 3490. SPECIAL AR
RANGEMENTS FOR COMMENCE
MENT VISITORS.
LOST —Somewhere on campus, small
filing box containing contracts.
Finder please notify 1928 Quad
Manager's office in Old Union.
3 room apartment, lake district,
Oakland, completely furnished with
baby grand piano, near two car
lines and S.P. train. Possession
June 15. Adult. References. $90.
Oakland 5519.
FOR RENT — Unfurnished cottage,
large living room with fireplace, 2
bedrooms, bath, large kitchen,
screened porch, roomy garage, beau
tiful surroundings. Across Roble
Bridge. $35.00 per month. Apply
Professor Boezinger, Phone 798-W.
WANTED —A passenger to Chicago;
leaving about June 15. Pox 2116,
Campus.
FOR RENT —Staller Court, 345 For
est Ave. Two- and three- room
apartments available now. Auto
matic elevator. Electrically equip
ped kitchens, including Frigidaire.
Janitor service. Hotel service if de
sired. P.A. 3490. SPECIAL AR
RANGEMENTS FOR COMMENCE
MENT VISITORS.
LOST —Somewhere on campus, small
filing box containing contracts.
Finder please notify 1928 Quad
Manager's office in Old Union.
3 room apartment, lake district,
Oakland, completely furnished with
baby grand piano, near two car
lines and S.P. train. Possession
June 15. Adult. References. $90.
Oakland 5519.
FOR RENT — Unfurnished cottage,
large living room with fireplace, 2
bedrooms, bath, large kitchen,
screened porch, roomy garage, beau
tiful surroundings. Across Roble
Bridge. $35.00 per month. Apply
Professor Boezinger, Phone 798-W.
WANTED —A passenger to Chicago;
leaving about June 15. Pox 2116,
Campus.
FOR RENT —Staller Court, 345 For
est Ave. Two- and three- room
apartments available now. Auto
matic elevator. Electrically equip
ped kitchens, including Frigidaire.
Janitor service. Hotel service if de
sired. P.A. 3490. SPECIAL AR
RANGEMENTS FOR COMMENCE
MENT VISITORS.
LOST —Somewhere on campus, small
filing box containing contracts.
Finder please notify 1928 Quad
Manager's office in Old Union.
3 room apartment, lake district,
Oakland, completely furnished with
baby grand piano, near two car
lines and S.P. train. Possession
June 15. Adult. References. $90.
Oakland 5519.
FOR RENT — Unfurnished cottage,
large living room with fireplace, 2
bedrooms, bath, large kitchen,
screened porch, roomy garage, beau
tiful surroundings. Across Roble
Bridge. $35.00 per month. Apply
Professor Boezinger, Phone 798-W.
WANTED —A passenger to Chicago;
leaving about June 15. Pox 2116,
Campus.
FOR RENT —Staller Court, 345 For
est Ave. Two- and three- room
apartments available now. Auto
matic elevator. Electrically equip
ped kitchens, including Frigidaire.
Janitor service. Hotel service if de
sired. P.A. 3490. SPECIAL AR
RANGEMENTS FOR COMMENCE
MENT VISITORS.
LOST —Somewhere on campus, small
filing box containing contracts.
Finder please notify 1928 Quad
Manager's office in Old Union.
3 room apartment, lake district,
Oakland, completely furnished with
baby grand piano, near two car
lines and S.P. train. Possession
June 15. Adult. References. $90.
Oakland 5519.
FOR RENT — Unfurnished cottage,
large living room with fireplace, 2
bedrooms, bath, large kitchen,
screened porch, roomy garage, beau
tiful surroundings. Across Roble
Bridge. $35.00 per month. Apply
Professor Boezinger, Phone 798-W.
WANTED —A passenger to Chicago;
leaving about June 15. Pox 2116,
Campus.
FOR RENT —Staller Court, 345 For
est Ave. Two- and three- room
apartments available now. Auto
matic elevator. Electrically equip
ped kitchens, including Frigidaire.
Janitor service. Hotel service if de
sired. P.A. 3490. SPECIAL AR
RANGEMENTS FOR COMMENCE
MENT VISITORS.
LOST —Somewhere on campus, small
filing box containing contracts.
Finder please notify 1928 Quad
Manager's office in Old Union.
