# Lindbergh Starts Survey For Airways Corporation
## 
### 
CURTISS FIELD, L.1., May 28 —
(IT.P.)—CoI. Charles A. Lindbergh
will leave here Tuesday in his Ryan
monoplane for Columbus, Ohio. It will
be the start of a survey trip for the
Transcontinental Airways Corpora
tion.
Col. Lindbergh is chairman of the
technical committee for the corpora
tion. The survey will take him to Los
Angeles.
CURTISS FIELD, L.1., May 28 —
(IT.P.)—CoI. Charles A. Lindbergh
will leave here Tuesday in his Ryan
monoplane for Columbus, Ohio. It will
be the start of a survey trip for the
Transcontinental Airways Corpora
tion.
Col. Lindbergh is chairman of the
technical committee for the corpora
tion. The survey will take him to Los
Angeles.
CURTISS FIELD, L.1., May 28 —
(IT.P.)—CoI. Charles A. Lindbergh
will leave here Tuesday in his Ryan
monoplane for Columbus, Ohio. It will
be the start of a survey trip for the
Transcontinental Airways Corpora
tion.
Col. Lindbergh is chairman of the
technical committee for the corpora
tion. The survey will take him to Los
Angeles.
CURTISS FIELD, L.1., May 28 —
(IT.P.)—CoI. Charles A. Lindbergh
will leave here Tuesday in his Ryan
monoplane for Columbus, Ohio. It will
be the start of a survey trip for the
Transcontinental Airways Corpora
tion.
Col. Lindbergh is chairman of the
technical committee for the corpora
tion. The survey will take him to Los
Angeles.
CURTISS FIELD, L.1., May 28 —
(IT.P.)—CoI. Charles A. Lindbergh
will leave here Tuesday in his Ryan
monoplane for Columbus, Ohio. It will
be the start of a survey trip for the
Transcontinental Airways Corpora
tion.
Col. Lindbergh is chairman of the
technical committee for the corpora
tion. The survey will take him to Los
Angeles.
CURTISS FIELD, L.1., May 28 —
(IT.P.)—CoI. Charles A. Lindbergh
will leave here Tuesday in his Ryan
monoplane for Columbus, Ohio. It will
be the start of a survey trip for the
Transcontinental Airways Corpora
tion.
Col. Lindbergh is chairman of the
technical committee for the corpora
tion. The survey will take him to Los
Angeles.
CURTISS FIELD, L.1., May 28 —
(IT.P.)—CoI. Charles A. Lindbergh
will leave here Tuesday in his Ryan
monoplane for Columbus, Ohio. It will
be the start of a survey trip for the
Transcontinental Airways Corpora
tion.
Col. Lindbergh is chairman of the
technical committee for the corpora
tion. The survey will take him to Los
Angeles.
CURTISS FIELD, L.1., May 28 —
(IT.P.)—CoI. Charles A. Lindbergh
will leave here Tuesday in his Ryan
monoplane for Columbus, Ohio. It will
be the start of a survey trip for the
Transcontinental Airways Corpora
tion.
Col. Lindbergh is chairman of the
technical committee for the corpora
tion. The survey will take him to Los
Angeles.
CURTISS FIELD, L.1., May 28 —
(IT.P.)—CoI. Charles A. Lindbergh
will leave here Tuesday in his Ryan
monoplane for Columbus, Ohio. It will
be the start of a survey trip for the
Transcontinental Airways Corpora
tion.
Col. Lindbergh is chairman of the
technical committee for the corpora
tion. The survey will take him to Los
Angeles.
CURTISS FIELD, L.1., May 28 —
(IT.P.)—CoI. Charles A. Lindbergh
will leave here Tuesday in his Ryan
monoplane for Columbus, Ohio. It will
be the start of a survey trip for the
Transcontinental Airways Corpora
tion.
Col. Lindbergh is chairman of the
technical committee for the corpora
tion. The survey will take him to Los
Angeles.
CURTISS FIELD, L.1., May 28 —
(IT.P.)—CoI. Charles A. Lindbergh
will leave here Tuesday in his Ryan
monoplane for Columbus, Ohio. It will
be the start of a survey trip for the
Transcontinental Airways Corpora
tion.
Col. Lindbergh is chairman of the
technical committee for the corpora
tion. The survey will take him to Los
Angeles.
CURTISS FIELD, L.1., May 28 —
(IT.P.)—CoI. Charles A. Lindbergh
will leave here Tuesday in his Ryan
monoplane for Columbus, Ohio. It will
be the start of a survey trip for the
Transcontinental Airways Corpora
tion.
Col. Lindbergh is chairman of the
technical committee for the corpora
tion. The survey will take him to Los
Angeles.
CURTISS FIELD, L.1., May 28 —
(IT.P.)—CoI. Charles A. Lindbergh
will leave here Tuesday in his Ryan
monoplane for Columbus, Ohio. It will
be the start of a survey trip for the
Transcontinental Airways Corpora
tion.
Col. Lindbergh is chairman of the
technical committee for the corpora
tion. The survey will take him to Los
Angeles.
CURTISS FIELD, L.1., May 28 —
(IT.P.)—CoI. Charles A. Lindbergh
will leave here Tuesday in his Ryan
monoplane for Columbus, Ohio. It will
be the start of a survey trip for the
Transcontinental Airways Corpora
tion.
Col. Lindbergh is chairman of the
technical committee for the corpora
tion. The survey will take him to Los
Angeles.
CURTISS FIELD, L.1., May 28 —
(IT.P.)—CoI. Charles A. Lindbergh
will leave here Tuesday in his Ryan
monoplane for Columbus, Ohio. It will
be the start of a survey trip for the
Transcontinental Airways Corpora
tion.
Col. Lindbergh is chairman of the
technical committee for the corpora
tion. The survey will take him to Los
Angeles.
CURTISS FIELD, L.1., May 28 —
(IT.P.)—CoI. Charles A. Lindbergh
will leave here Tuesday in his Ryan
monoplane for Columbus, Ohio. It will
be the start of a survey trip for the
Transcontinental Airways Corpora
tion.
Col. Lindbergh is chairman of the
technical committee for the corpora
tion. The survey will take him to Los
Angeles.
