# Adv. 1 Page 2
## 
### 
Lost—Small gold watch with Stan
ford seal fob. Return to Madrono
or Registrar's office.
Lost—Small gold watch with Stan
ford seal fob. Return to Madrono
or Registrar's office.
Lost—Small gold watch with Stan
ford seal fob. Return to Madrono
or Registrar's office.
Lost—Small gold watch with Stan
ford seal fob. Return to Madrono
or Registrar's office.
Lost—Small gold watch with Stan
ford seal fob. Return to Madrono
or Registrar's office.
Lost—Small gold watch with Stan
ford seal fob. Return to Madrono
or Registrar's office.
Lost—Small gold watch with Stan
ford seal fob. Return to Madrono
or Registrar's office.
Lost—Small gold watch with Stan
ford seal fob. Return to Madrono
or Registrar's office.
Lost—Small gold watch with Stan
ford seal fob. Return to Madrono
or Registrar's office.
Lost—Small gold watch with Stan
ford seal fob. Return to Madrono
or Registrar's office.
