# Homer Lea, ex-'01, Writes Novel.
## 
### 
Homer Lea, ex-'Ol, is the author
of "The Vermilion Pencil," the first
novel of Chinese life and character
ever published in English. The book
has just been issued by the McClure
Company.
Lea only remained here two years
and was then obliged to leave the
University on account of smallpox.
He went to China, and has since
risen to be lieutenant-general of the
Chinese Reform Army. He was in
timately connected with the Boxer
Outbreak, and at present is supposed
to be engaged in planning the over
throw of the Manchu dynasty.
Needless to say, his position gives
him exceptional opportunities for an
insight into the character of the
Chinese. The book also deals with
the internal politics of the Empire.
Homer Lea, ex-'Ol, is the author
of "The Vermilion Pencil," the first
novel of Chinese life and character
ever published in English. The book
has just been issued by the McClure
Company.
Lea only remained here two years
and was then obliged to leave the
University on account of smallpox.
He went to China, and has since
risen to be lieutenant-general of the
Chinese Reform Army. He was in
timately connected with the Boxer
Outbreak, and at present is supposed
to be engaged in planning the over
throw of the Manchu dynasty.
Needless to say, his position gives
him exceptional opportunities for an
insight into the character of the
Chinese. The book also deals with
the internal politics of the Empire.
Homer Lea, ex-'Ol, is the author
of "The Vermilion Pencil," the first
novel of Chinese life and character
ever published in English. The book
has just been issued by the McClure
Company.
Lea only remained here two years
and was then obliged to leave the
University on account of smallpox.
He went to China, and has since
risen to be lieutenant-general of the
Chinese Reform Army. He was in
timately connected with the Boxer
Outbreak, and at present is supposed
to be engaged in planning the over
throw of the Manchu dynasty.
Needless to say, his position gives
him exceptional opportunities for an
insight into the character of the
Chinese. The book also deals with
the internal politics of the Empire.
Homer Lea, ex-'Ol, is the author
of "The Vermilion Pencil," the first
novel of Chinese life and character
ever published in English. The book
has just been issued by the McClure
Company.
Lea only remained here two years
and was then obliged to leave the
University on account of smallpox.
He went to China, and has since
risen to be lieutenant-general of the
Chinese Reform Army. He was in
timately connected with the Boxer
Outbreak, and at present is supposed
to be engaged in planning the over
throw of the Manchu dynasty.
Needless to say, his position gives
him exceptional opportunities for an
insight into the character of the
Chinese. The book also deals with
the internal politics of the Empire.
Homer Lea, ex-'Ol, is the author
of "The Vermilion Pencil," the first
novel of Chinese life and character
ever published in English. The book
has just been issued by the McClure
Company.
Lea only remained here two years
and was then obliged to leave the
University on account of smallpox.
He went to China, and has since
risen to be lieutenant-general of the
Chinese Reform Army. He was in
timately connected with the Boxer
Outbreak, and at present is supposed
to be engaged in planning the over
throw of the Manchu dynasty.
Needless to say, his position gives
him exceptional opportunities for an
insight into the character of the
Chinese. The book also deals with
the internal politics of the Empire.
Homer Lea, ex-'Ol, is the author
of "The Vermilion Pencil," the first
novel of Chinese life and character
ever published in English. The book
has just been issued by the McClure
Company.
Lea only remained here two years
and was then obliged to leave the
University on account of smallpox.
He went to China, and has since
risen to be lieutenant-general of the
Chinese Reform Army. He was in
timately connected with the Boxer
Outbreak, and at present is supposed
to be engaged in planning the over
throw of the Manchu dynasty.
Needless to say, his position gives
him exceptional opportunities for an
insight into the character of the
Chinese. The book also deals with
the internal politics of the Empire.
Homer Lea, ex-'Ol, is the author
of "The Vermilion Pencil," the first
novel of Chinese life and character
ever published in English. The book
has just been issued by the McClure
Company.
Lea only remained here two years
and was then obliged to leave the
University on account of smallpox.
He went to China, and has since
risen to be lieutenant-general of the
Chinese Reform Army. He was in
timately connected with the Boxer
Outbreak, and at present is supposed
to be engaged in planning the over
throw of the Manchu dynasty.
Needless to say, his position gives
him exceptional opportunities for an
insight into the character of the
Chinese. The book also deals with
the internal politics of the Empire.
Homer Lea, ex-'Ol, is the author
of "The Vermilion Pencil," the first
novel of Chinese life and character
ever published in English. The book
has just been issued by the McClure
Company.
Lea only remained here two years
and was then obliged to leave the
University on account of smallpox.
He went to China, and has since
risen to be lieutenant-general of the
Chinese Reform Army. He was in
timately connected with the Boxer
Outbreak, and at present is supposed
to be engaged in planning the over
throw of the Manchu dynasty.
Needless to say, his position gives
him exceptional opportunities for an
insight into the character of the
Chinese. The book also deals with
the internal politics of the Empire.
Homer Lea, ex-'Ol, is the author
of "The Vermilion Pencil," the first
novel of Chinese life and character
ever published in English. The book
has just been issued by the McClure
Company.
Lea only remained here two years
and was then obliged to leave the
University on account of smallpox.
He went to China, and has since
risen to be lieutenant-general of the
Chinese Reform Army. He was in
timately connected with the Boxer
Outbreak, and at present is supposed
to be engaged in planning the over
throw of the Manchu dynasty.
Needless to say, his position gives
him exceptional opportunities for an
insight into the character of the
Chinese. The book also deals with
the internal politics of the Empire.
Homer Lea, ex-'Ol, is the author
of "The Vermilion Pencil," the first
novel of Chinese life and character
ever published in English. The book
has just been issued by the McClure
Company.
Lea only remained here two years
and was then obliged to leave the
University on account of smallpox.
He went to China, and has since
risen to be lieutenant-general of the
Chinese Reform Army. He was in
timately connected with the Boxer
Outbreak, and at present is supposed
to be engaged in planning the over
throw of the Manchu dynasty.
Needless to say, his position gives
him exceptional opportunities for an
insight into the character of the
Chinese. The book also deals with
the internal politics of the Empire.
