# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Weiugartner & Co., Druggists, liave
secured Dr. Albert J. Villain to vac
cinate all students at 50 cents each.
Office, corner Hamilton and Ramona.
Weiugartner & Co., Druggists, liave
secured Dr. Albert J. Villain to vac
cinate all students at 50 cents each.
Office, corner Hamilton and Ramona.
Weiugartner & Co., Druggists, liave
secured Dr. Albert J. Villain to vac
cinate all students at 50 cents each.
Office, corner Hamilton and Ramona.
Weiugartner & Co., Druggists, liave
secured Dr. Albert J. Villain to vac
cinate all students at 50 cents each.
Office, corner Hamilton and Ramona.
Weiugartner & Co., Druggists, liave
secured Dr. Albert J. Villain to vac
cinate all students at 50 cents each.
Office, corner Hamilton and Ramona.
Weiugartner & Co., Druggists, liave
secured Dr. Albert J. Villain to vac
cinate all students at 50 cents each.
Office, corner Hamilton and Ramona.
Weiugartner & Co., Druggists, liave
secured Dr. Albert J. Villain to vac
cinate all students at 50 cents each.
Office, corner Hamilton and Ramona.
Weiugartner & Co., Druggists, liave
secured Dr. Albert J. Villain to vac
cinate all students at 50 cents each.
Office, corner Hamilton and Ramona.
Weiugartner & Co., Druggists, liave
secured Dr. Albert J. Villain to vac
cinate all students at 50 cents each.
Office, corner Hamilton and Ramona.
Weiugartner & Co., Druggists, liave
secured Dr. Albert J. Villain to vac
cinate all students at 50 cents each.
Office, corner Hamilton and Ramona.
