# SUNDAY NIGHT FLICK
## 
### 
"Green for Danger" will be the
Sunday night flick this week. The
ASSU-sponsored movie will begin
at 7:30 p.m. in Memorial Audito
rium. The price is 20 cents.
"Green for Danger" will be the
Sunday night flick this week. The
ASSU-sponsored movie will begin
at 7:30 p.m. in Memorial Audito
rium. The price is 20 cents.
"Green for Danger" will be the
Sunday night flick this week. The
ASSU-sponsored movie will begin
at 7:30 p.m. in Memorial Audito
rium. The price is 20 cents.
"Green for Danger" will be the
Sunday night flick this week. The
ASSU-sponsored movie will begin
at 7:30 p.m. in Memorial Audito
rium. The price is 20 cents.
"Green for Danger" will be the
Sunday night flick this week. The
ASSU-sponsored movie will begin
at 7:30 p.m. in Memorial Audito
rium. The price is 20 cents.
"Green for Danger" will be the
Sunday night flick this week. The
ASSU-sponsored movie will begin
at 7:30 p.m. in Memorial Audito
rium. The price is 20 cents.
"Green for Danger" will be the
Sunday night flick this week. The
ASSU-sponsored movie will begin
at 7:30 p.m. in Memorial Audito
rium. The price is 20 cents.
"Green for Danger" will be the
Sunday night flick this week. The
ASSU-sponsored movie will begin
at 7:30 p.m. in Memorial Audito
rium. The price is 20 cents.
"Green for Danger" will be the
Sunday night flick this week. The
ASSU-sponsored movie will begin
at 7:30 p.m. in Memorial Audito
rium. The price is 20 cents.
"Green for Danger" will be the
Sunday night flick this week. The
ASSU-sponsored movie will begin
at 7:30 p.m. in Memorial Audito
rium. The price is 20 cents.
"Green for Danger" will be the
Sunday night flick this week. The
ASSU-sponsored movie will begin
at 7:30 p.m. in Memorial Audito
rium. The price is 20 cents.
"Green for Danger" will be the
Sunday night flick this week. The
ASSU-sponsored movie will begin
at 7:30 p.m. in Memorial Audito
rium. The price is 20 cents.
"Green for Danger" will be the
Sunday night flick this week. The
ASSU-sponsored movie will begin
at 7:30 p.m. in Memorial Audito
rium. The price is 20 cents.
"Green for Danger" will be the
Sunday night flick this week. The
ASSU-sponsored movie will begin
at 7:30 p.m. in Memorial Audito
rium. The price is 20 cents.
