# Death for Newsmen
## 
### 
"Swastika" Hitler yesterday defi
nitely struck a death blow at Ger
man freedom of the press when he
signed the measure which estab
lishes the death penalty for German
newsmen who send treasonable lit
erature abroad or attempt to intro
duce such writings into the country.
The lav/ deelares journalists pub
lic officials and hence subject to
orders from the top without hope ol
appeal. Under its iron-bound pro
visions Nazi patriotism is made a
primary professional qualification.
Also, under the "Aryan paragraph,
all persons with at least one Jewish
grandparent will be barred.
"Swastika" Hitler yesterday defi
nitely struck a death blow at Ger
man freedom of the press when he
signed the measure which estab
lishes the death penalty for German
newsmen who send treasonable lit
erature abroad or attempt to intro
duce such writings into the country.
The lav/ deelares journalists pub
lic officials and hence subject to
orders from the top without hope ol
appeal. Under its iron-bound pro
visions Nazi patriotism is made a
primary professional qualification.
Also, under the "Aryan paragraph,
all persons with at least one Jewish
grandparent will be barred.
"Swastika" Hitler yesterday defi
nitely struck a death blow at Ger
man freedom of the press when he
signed the measure which estab
lishes the death penalty for German
newsmen who send treasonable lit
erature abroad or attempt to intro
duce such writings into the country.
The lav/ deelares journalists pub
lic officials and hence subject to
orders from the top without hope ol
appeal. Under its iron-bound pro
visions Nazi patriotism is made a
primary professional qualification.
Also, under the "Aryan paragraph,
all persons with at least one Jewish
grandparent will be barred.
"Swastika" Hitler yesterday defi
nitely struck a death blow at Ger
man freedom of the press when he
signed the measure which estab
lishes the death penalty for German
newsmen who send treasonable lit
erature abroad or attempt to intro
duce such writings into the country.
The lav/ deelares journalists pub
lic officials and hence subject to
orders from the top without hope ol
appeal. Under its iron-bound pro
visions Nazi patriotism is made a
primary professional qualification.
Also, under the "Aryan paragraph,
all persons with at least one Jewish
grandparent will be barred.
"Swastika" Hitler yesterday defi
nitely struck a death blow at Ger
man freedom of the press when he
signed the measure which estab
lishes the death penalty for German
newsmen who send treasonable lit
erature abroad or attempt to intro
duce such writings into the country.
The lav/ deelares journalists pub
lic officials and hence subject to
orders from the top without hope ol
appeal. Under its iron-bound pro
visions Nazi patriotism is made a
primary professional qualification.
Also, under the "Aryan paragraph,
all persons with at least one Jewish
grandparent will be barred.
"Swastika" Hitler yesterday defi
nitely struck a death blow at Ger
man freedom of the press when he
signed the measure which estab
lishes the death penalty for German
newsmen who send treasonable lit
erature abroad or attempt to intro
duce such writings into the country.
The lav/ deelares journalists pub
lic officials and hence subject to
orders from the top without hope ol
appeal. Under its iron-bound pro
visions Nazi patriotism is made a
primary professional qualification.
Also, under the "Aryan paragraph,
all persons with at least one Jewish
grandparent will be barred.
"Swastika" Hitler yesterday defi
nitely struck a death blow at Ger
man freedom of the press when he
signed the measure which estab
lishes the death penalty for German
newsmen who send treasonable lit
erature abroad or attempt to intro
duce such writings into the country.
The lav/ deelares journalists pub
lic officials and hence subject to
orders from the top without hope ol
appeal. Under its iron-bound pro
visions Nazi patriotism is made a
primary professional qualification.
Also, under the "Aryan paragraph,
all persons with at least one Jewish
grandparent will be barred.
"Swastika" Hitler yesterday defi
nitely struck a death blow at Ger
man freedom of the press when he
signed the measure which estab
lishes the death penalty for German
newsmen who send treasonable lit
erature abroad or attempt to intro
duce such writings into the country.
The lav/ deelares journalists pub
lic officials and hence subject to
orders from the top without hope ol
appeal. Under its iron-bound pro
visions Nazi patriotism is made a
primary professional qualification.
Also, under the "Aryan paragraph,
all persons with at least one Jewish
grandparent will be barred.
"Swastika" Hitler yesterday defi
nitely struck a death blow at Ger
man freedom of the press when he
signed the measure which estab
lishes the death penalty for German
newsmen who send treasonable lit
erature abroad or attempt to intro
duce such writings into the country.
The lav/ deelares journalists pub
lic officials and hence subject to
orders from the top without hope ol
appeal. Under its iron-bound pro
visions Nazi patriotism is made a
primary professional qualification.
Also, under the "Aryan paragraph,
all persons with at least one Jewish
grandparent will be barred.
"Swastika" Hitler yesterday defi
nitely struck a death blow at Ger
man freedom of the press when he
signed the measure which estab
lishes the death penalty for German
newsmen who send treasonable lit
erature abroad or attempt to intro
duce such writings into the country.
The lav/ deelares journalists pub
lic officials and hence subject to
orders from the top without hope ol
appeal. Under its iron-bound pro
visions Nazi patriotism is made a
primary professional qualification.
Also, under the "Aryan paragraph,
all persons with at least one Jewish
grandparent will be barred.
"Swastika" Hitler yesterday defi
nitely struck a death blow at Ger
man freedom of the press when he
signed the measure which estab
lishes the death penalty for German
newsmen who send treasonable lit
erature abroad or attempt to intro
duce such writings into the country.
The lav/ deelares journalists pub
lic officials and hence subject to
orders from the top without hope ol
appeal. Under its iron-bound pro
visions Nazi patriotism is made a
primary professional qualification.
Also, under the "Aryan paragraph,
all persons with at least one Jewish
grandparent will be barred.
"Swastika" Hitler yesterday defi
nitely struck a death blow at Ger
man freedom of the press when he
signed the measure which estab
lishes the death penalty for German
newsmen who send treasonable lit
erature abroad or attempt to intro
duce such writings into the country.
"Swastika" Hitler yesterday defi
nitely struck a death blow at Ger
man freedom of the press when he
signed the measure which estab
lishes the death penalty for German
newsmen who send treasonable lit
erature abroad or attempt to intro
duce such writings into the country.
The lav/ deelares journalists pub
lic officials and hence subject to
orders from the top without hope ol
appeal. Under its iron-bound pro
visions Nazi patriotism is made a
primary professional qualification.
Also, under the "Aryan paragraph,
all persons with at least one Jewish
grandparent will be barred.
The lav/ deelares journalists pub
lic officials and hence subject to
orders from the top without hope ol
appeal. Under its iron-bound pro
visions Nazi patriotism is made a
primary professional qualification.
Also, under the "Aryan paragraph,
all persons with at least one Jewish
grandparent will be barred.
"Swastika" Hitler yesterday defi
nitely struck a death blow at Ger
man freedom of the press when he
signed the measure which estab
lishes the death penalty for German
newsmen who send treasonable lit
erature abroad or attempt to intro
duce such writings into the country.
The lav/ deelares journalists pub
lic officials and hence subject to
orders from the top without hope ol
appeal. Under its iron-bound pro
visions Nazi patriotism is made a
primary professional qualification.
Also, under the "Aryan paragraph,
all persons with at least one Jewish
grandparent will be barred.
"Swastika" Hitler yesterday defi
nitely struck a death blow at Ger
man freedom of the press when he
signed the measure which estab
lishes the death penalty for German
newsmen who send treasonable lit
erature abroad or attempt to intro
duce such writings into the country.
The lav/ deelares journalists pub
lic officials and hence subject to
orders from the top without hope ol
appeal. Under its iron-bound pro
visions Nazi patriotism is made a
primary professional qualification.
Also, under the "Aryan paragraph,
all persons with at least one Jewish
grandparent will be barred.
