# SCRIBE SHOT
## 
### 

Joe Gibson, American newsreel
cameraman, is shown in a Havana
hospital after he was wounded by a
stray bullet while making pictures
of a recent battle between soldiers
and demonstrators. (Associated
Press Photo)

Joe Gibson, American newsreel
cameraman, is shown in a Havana
hospital after he was wounded by a
stray bullet while making pictures
of a recent battle between soldiers
and demonstrators. (Associated
Press Photo)

Joe Gibson, American newsreel
cameraman, is shown in a Havana
hospital after he was wounded by a
stray bullet while making pictures
of a recent battle between soldiers
and demonstrators. (Associated
Press Photo)

Joe Gibson, American newsreel
cameraman, is shown in a Havana
hospital after he was wounded by a
stray bullet while making pictures
of a recent battle between soldiers
and demonstrators. (Associated
Press Photo)

Joe Gibson, American newsreel
cameraman, is shown in a Havana
hospital after he was wounded by a
stray bullet while making pictures
of a recent battle between soldiers
and demonstrators. (Associated
Press Photo)

Joe Gibson, American newsreel
cameraman, is shown in a Havana
hospital after he was wounded by a
stray bullet while making pictures
of a recent battle between soldiers
and demonstrators. (Associated
Press Photo)

Joe Gibson, American newsreel
cameraman, is shown in a Havana
hospital after he was wounded by a
stray bullet while making pictures
of a recent battle between soldiers
and demonstrators. (Associated
Press Photo)

Joe Gibson, American newsreel
cameraman, is shown in a Havana
hospital after he was wounded by a
stray bullet while making pictures
of a recent battle between soldiers
and demonstrators. (Associated
Press Photo)

Joe Gibson, American newsreel
cameraman, is shown in a Havana
hospital after he was wounded by a
stray bullet while making pictures
of a recent battle between soldiers
and demonstrators. (Associated
Press Photo)

Joe Gibson, American newsreel
cameraman, is shown in a Havana
hospital after he was wounded by a
stray bullet while making pictures
of a recent battle between soldiers
and demonstrators. (Associated
Press Photo)

Joe Gibson, American newsreel
cameraman, is shown in a Havana
hospital after he was wounded by a
stray bullet while making pictures
of a recent battle between soldiers
and demonstrators. (Associated
Press Photo)

Joe Gibson, American newsreel
cameraman, is shown in a Havana
hospital after he was wounded by a
stray bullet while making pictures
of a recent battle between soldiers
and demonstrators. (Associated
Press Photo)

Joe Gibson, American newsreel
cameraman, is shown in a Havana
hospital after he was wounded by a
stray bullet while making pictures
of a recent battle between soldiers
and demonstrators. (Associated
Press Photo)

Joe Gibson, American newsreel
cameraman, is shown in a Havana
hospital after he was wounded by a
stray bullet while making pictures
of a recent battle between soldiers
and demonstrators. (Associated
Press Photo)

Joe Gibson, American newsreel
cameraman, is shown in a Havana
hospital after he was wounded by a
stray bullet while making pictures
of a recent battle between soldiers
and demonstrators. (Associated
Press Photo)
