# PHI SIG PLEDGE
## 
### 
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of James Dingman, '35. |
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of James Dingman, '35. |
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of James Dingman, '35. |
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of James Dingman, '35. |
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of James Dingman, '35. |
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of James Dingman, '35. |
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of James Dingman, '35. |
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of James Dingman, '35. |
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of James Dingman, '35. |
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of James Dingman, '35. |
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of James Dingman, '35. |
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of James Dingman, '35. |
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of James Dingman, '35. |
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of James Dingman, '35. |
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of James Dingman, '35. |
