# Women's Tennis Club Tryouts Start Tuesday
## 
### 
Tryouts for the Stanford women's
tennis club will start next Tuesday
afternoon. All women students who
are interested in joining are re
quested to sign up with Miss Ger
trude Hawley before that date. Each
tiyout must play a match with three
members before she will be admit
ted, it was announced.
This athletic group was organized
lasl spring to further the competi
tive spirit among the women tennis
players. Every Tuesday and Thurs
day afternoons all the women's ten
nis courts are reserved for the mem
bers of the club. They may be
assured of stiff competition when
they play with a club member.
Tryouts for the Stanford women's
tennis club will start next Tuesday
afternoon. All women students who
are interested in joining are re
quested to sign up with Miss Ger
trude Hawley before that date. Each
tiyout must play a match with three
members before she will be admit
ted, it was announced.
This athletic group was organized
lasl spring to further the competi
tive spirit among the women tennis
players. Every Tuesday and Thurs
day afternoons all the women's ten
nis courts are reserved for the mem
bers of the club. They may be
assured of stiff competition when
they play with a club member.
Tryouts for the Stanford women's
tennis club will start next Tuesday
afternoon. All women students who
are interested in joining are re
quested to sign up with Miss Ger
trude Hawley before that date. Each
tiyout must play a match with three
members before she will be admit
ted, it was announced.
This athletic group was organized
lasl spring to further the competi
tive spirit among the women tennis
players. Every Tuesday and Thurs
day afternoons all the women's ten
nis courts are reserved for the mem
bers of the club. They may be
assured of stiff competition when
they play with a club member.
Tryouts for the Stanford women's
tennis club will start next Tuesday
afternoon. All women students who
are interested in joining are re
quested to sign up with Miss Ger
trude Hawley before that date. Each
tiyout must play a match with three
members before she will be admit
ted, it was announced.
This athletic group was organized
lasl spring to further the competi
tive spirit among the women tennis
players. Every Tuesday and Thurs
day afternoons all the women's ten
nis courts are reserved for the mem
bers of the club. They may be
assured of stiff competition when
they play with a club member.
Tryouts for the Stanford women's
tennis club will start next Tuesday
afternoon. All women students who
are interested in joining are re
quested to sign up with Miss Ger
trude Hawley before that date. Each
tiyout must play a match with three
members before she will be admit
ted, it was announced.
This athletic group was organized
lasl spring to further the competi
tive spirit among the women tennis
players. Every Tuesday and Thurs
day afternoons all the women's ten
nis courts are reserved for the mem
bers of the club. They may be
assured of stiff competition when
they play with a club member.
Tryouts for the Stanford women's
tennis club will start next Tuesday
afternoon. All women students who
are interested in joining are re
quested to sign up with Miss Ger
trude Hawley before that date. Each
tiyout must play a match with three
members before she will be admit
ted, it was announced.
This athletic group was organized
lasl spring to further the competi
tive spirit among the women tennis
players. Every Tuesday and Thurs
day afternoons all the women's ten
nis courts are reserved for the mem
bers of the club. They may be
assured of stiff competition when
they play with a club member.
Tryouts for the Stanford women's
tennis club will start next Tuesday
afternoon. All women students who
are interested in joining are re
quested to sign up with Miss Ger
trude Hawley before that date. Each
tiyout must play a match with three
members before she will be admit
ted, it was announced.
This athletic group was organized
lasl spring to further the competi
tive spirit among the women tennis
players. Every Tuesday and Thurs
day afternoons all the women's ten
nis courts are reserved for the mem
bers of the club. They may be
assured of stiff competition when
they play with a club member.
Tryouts for the Stanford women's
tennis club will start next Tuesday
afternoon. All women students who
are interested in joining are re
quested to sign up with Miss Ger
trude Hawley before that date. Each
tiyout must play a match with three
members before she will be admit
ted, it was announced.
This athletic group was organized
lasl spring to further the competi
tive spirit among the women tennis
players. Every Tuesday and Thurs
day afternoons all the women's ten
nis courts are reserved for the mem
bers of the club. They may be
assured of stiff competition when
they play with a club member.
Tryouts for the Stanford women's
tennis club will start next Tuesday
afternoon. All women students who
are interested in joining are re
quested to sign up with Miss Ger
trude Hawley before that date. Each
tiyout must play a match with three
members before she will be admit
ted, it was announced.
This athletic group was organized
lasl spring to further the competi
tive spirit among the women tennis
players. Every Tuesday and Thurs
day afternoons all the women's ten
nis courts are reserved for the mem
bers of the club. They may be
assured of stiff competition when
they play with a club member.
Tryouts for the Stanford women's
tennis club will start next Tuesday
afternoon. All women students who
are interested in joining are re
quested to sign up with Miss Ger
trude Hawley before that date. Each
tiyout must play a match with three
members before she will be admit
ted, it was announced.
This athletic group was organized
lasl spring to further the competi
tive spirit among the women tennis
players. Every Tuesday and Thurs
day afternoons all the women's ten
nis courts are reserved for the mem
bers of the club. They may be
assured of stiff competition when
they play with a club member.
Tryouts for the Stanford women's
tennis club will start next Tuesday
afternoon. All women students who
are interested in joining are re
quested to sign up with Miss Ger
trude Hawley before that date. Each
tiyout must play a match with three
members before she will be admit
ted, it was announced.
This athletic group was organized
lasl spring to further the competi
tive spirit among the women tennis
players. Every Tuesday and Thurs
day afternoons all the women's ten
nis courts are reserved for the mem
bers of the club. They may be
assured of stiff competition when
they play with a club member.
Tryouts for the Stanford women's
tennis club will start next Tuesday
afternoon. All women students who
are interested in joining are re
quested to sign up with Miss Ger
trude Hawley before that date. Each
tiyout must play a match with three
members before she will be admit
ted, it was announced.
This athletic group was organized
lasl spring to further the competi
tive spirit among the women tennis
players. Every Tuesday and Thurs
day afternoons all the women's ten
nis courts are reserved for the mem
bers of the club. They may be
assured of stiff competition when
they play with a club member.
Tryouts for the Stanford women's
tennis club will start next Tuesday
afternoon. All women students who
are interested in joining are re
quested to sign up with Miss Ger
trude Hawley before that date. Each
tiyout must play a match with three
members before she will be admit
ted, it was announced.
This athletic group was organized
lasl spring to further the competi
tive spirit among the women tennis
players. Every Tuesday and Thurs
day afternoons all the women's ten
nis courts are reserved for the mem
bers of the club. They may be
assured of stiff competition when
they play with a club member.
Tryouts for the Stanford women's
tennis club will start next Tuesday
afternoon. All women students who
are interested in joining are re
quested to sign up with Miss Ger
trude Hawley before that date. Each
tiyout must play a match with three
members before she will be admit
ted, it was announced.
This athletic group was organized
lasl spring to further the competi
tive spirit among the women tennis
players. Every Tuesday and Thurs
day afternoons all the women's ten
nis courts are reserved for the mem
bers of the club. They may be
assured of stiff competition when
they play with a club member.
Tryouts for the Stanford women's
tennis club will start next Tuesday
afternoon. All women students who
are interested in joining are re
quested to sign up with Miss Ger
trude Hawley before that date. Each
tiyout must play a match with three
members before she will be admit
ted, it was announced.
This athletic group was organized
lasl spring to further the competi
tive spirit among the women tennis
players. Every Tuesday and Thurs
day afternoons all the women's ten
nis courts are reserved for the mem
bers of the club. They may be
assured of stiff competition when
they play with a club member.
