# INDIANS SET TO BREAK THE BRONCOS
## 
### 

Boh Macntz, triple threat man, who is expected to start at left halfback in Saturday's game. Bill Corbus,
Stanford's All-American guard, placed kicked to beat U.C.L.A. 3-0. Moscrip and Alustiza are two sopho
mores who are making good this season.

Boh Macntz, triple threat man, who is expected to start at left halfback in Saturday's game. Bill Corbus,
Stanford's All-American guard, placed kicked to beat U.C.L.A. 3-0. Moscrip and Alustiza are two sopho
mores who are making good this season.

Boh Macntz, triple threat man, who is expected to start at left halfback in Saturday's game. Bill Corbus,
Stanford's All-American guard, placed kicked to beat U.C.L.A. 3-0. Moscrip and Alustiza are two sopho
mores who are making good this season.

Boh Macntz, triple threat man, who is expected to start at left halfback in Saturday's game. Bill Corbus,
Stanford's All-American guard, placed kicked to beat U.C.L.A. 3-0. Moscrip and Alustiza are two sopho
mores who are making good this season.

Boh Macntz, triple threat man, who is expected to start at left halfback in Saturday's game. Bill Corbus,
Stanford's All-American guard, placed kicked to beat U.C.L.A. 3-0. Moscrip and Alustiza are two sopho
mores who are making good this season.

Boh Macntz, triple threat man, who is expected to start at left halfback in Saturday's game. Bill Corbus,
Stanford's All-American guard, placed kicked to beat U.C.L.A. 3-0. Moscrip and Alustiza are two sopho
mores who are making good this season.

Boh Macntz, triple threat man, who is expected to start at left halfback in Saturday's game. Bill Corbus,
Stanford's All-American guard, placed kicked to beat U.C.L.A. 3-0. Moscrip and Alustiza are two sopho
mores who are making good this season.

Boh Macntz, triple threat man, who is expected to start at left halfback in Saturday's game. Bill Corbus,
Stanford's All-American guard, placed kicked to beat U.C.L.A. 3-0. Moscrip and Alustiza are two sopho
mores who are making good this season.

Boh Macntz, triple threat man, who is expected to start at left halfback in Saturday's game. Bill Corbus,
Stanford's All-American guard, placed kicked to beat U.C.L.A. 3-0. Moscrip and Alustiza are two sopho
mores who are making good this season.

Boh Macntz, triple threat man, who is expected to start at left halfback in Saturday's game. Bill Corbus,
Stanford's All-American guard, placed kicked to beat U.C.L.A. 3-0. Moscrip and Alustiza are two sopho
mores who are making good this season.

Boh Macntz, triple threat man, who is expected to start at left halfback in Saturday's game. Bill Corbus,
Stanford's All-American guard, placed kicked to beat U.C.L.A. 3-0. Moscrip and Alustiza are two sopho
mores who are making good this season.

Boh Macntz, triple threat man, who is expected to start at left halfback in Saturday's game. Bill Corbus,
Stanford's All-American guard, placed kicked to beat U.C.L.A. 3-0. Moscrip and Alustiza are two sopho
mores who are making good this season.

Boh Macntz, triple threat man, who is expected to start at left halfback in Saturday's game. Bill Corbus,
Stanford's All-American guard, placed kicked to beat U.C.L.A. 3-0. Moscrip and Alustiza are two sopho
mores who are making good this season.

Boh Macntz, triple threat man, who is expected to start at left halfback in Saturday's game. Bill Corbus,
Stanford's All-American guard, placed kicked to beat U.C.L.A. 3-0. Moscrip and Alustiza are two sopho
mores who are making good this season.

Boh Macntz, triple threat man, who is expected to start at left halfback in Saturday's game. Bill Corbus,
Stanford's All-American guard, placed kicked to beat U.C.L.A. 3-0. Moscrip and Alustiza are two sopho
mores who are making good this season.
