# WHAT NERVE!
## 
### 
Ma Lou Dobbs, '36, was the first
woman to tread upon the sacred law
steps amid the lusty boos and cat
calls of the assembled upper class
men.
Ma Lou Dobbs, '36, was the first
woman to tread upon the sacred law
steps amid the lusty boos and cat
calls of the assembled upper class
men.
Ma Lou Dobbs, '36, was the first
woman to tread upon the sacred law
steps amid the lusty boos and cat
calls of the assembled upper class
men.
Ma Lou Dobbs, '36, was the first
woman to tread upon the sacred law
steps amid the lusty boos and cat
calls of the assembled upper class
men.
Ma Lou Dobbs, '36, was the first
woman to tread upon the sacred law
steps amid the lusty boos and cat
calls of the assembled upper class
men.
Ma Lou Dobbs, '36, was the first
woman to tread upon the sacred law
steps amid the lusty boos and cat
calls of the assembled upper class
men.
Ma Lou Dobbs, '36, was the first
woman to tread upon the sacred law
steps amid the lusty boos and cat
calls of the assembled upper class
men.
Ma Lou Dobbs, '36, was the first
woman to tread upon the sacred law
steps amid the lusty boos and cat
calls of the assembled upper class
men.
Ma Lou Dobbs, '36, was the first
woman to tread upon the sacred law
steps amid the lusty boos and cat
calls of the assembled upper class
men.
Ma Lou Dobbs, '36, was the first
woman to tread upon the sacred law
steps amid the lusty boos and cat
calls of the assembled upper class
men.
Ma Lou Dobbs, '36, was the first
woman to tread upon the sacred law
steps amid the lusty boos and cat
calls of the assembled upper class
men.
Ma Lou Dobbs, '36, was the first
woman to tread upon the sacred law
steps amid the lusty boos and cat
calls of the assembled upper class
men.
Ma Lou Dobbs, '36, was the first
woman to tread upon the sacred law
steps amid the lusty boos and cat
calls of the assembled upper class
men.
Ma Lou Dobbs, '36, was the first
woman to tread upon the sacred law
steps amid the lusty boos and cat
calls of the assembled upper class
men.
Ma Lou Dobbs, '36, was the first
woman to tread upon the sacred law
steps amid the lusty boos and cat
calls of the assembled upper class
men.
