# Sweaters To Be Awarded Winning Handball Teams
## 
### 
Play in the all-University handball
tournament is to start Monday, July
30. A schedule will be posted on the
minor sports board in the Encina
gymnasium. All those desiring to en
ter the tournament may do so by sign
ing up before the end of the week.
Handsome V-neck pull-over sweaters
will be awarded the winner of the
singles and to the members of the
winning doubles team.
Play in the all-University handball
tournament is to start Monday, July
30. A schedule will be posted on the
minor sports board in the Encina
gymnasium. All those desiring to en
ter the tournament may do so by sign
ing up before the end of the week.
Handsome V-neck pull-over sweaters
will be awarded the winner of the
singles and to the members of the
winning doubles team.
Play in the all-University handball
tournament is to start Monday, July
30. A schedule will be posted on the
minor sports board in the Encina
gymnasium. All those desiring to en
ter the tournament may do so by sign
ing up before the end of the week.
Handsome V-neck pull-over sweaters
will be awarded the winner of the
singles and to the members of the
winning doubles team.
Play in the all-University handball
tournament is to start Monday, July
30. A schedule will be posted on the
minor sports board in the Encina
gymnasium. All those desiring to en
ter the tournament may do so by sign
ing up before the end of the week.
Handsome V-neck pull-over sweaters
will be awarded the winner of the
singles and to the members of the
winning doubles team.
Play in the all-University handball
tournament is to start Monday, July
30. A schedule will be posted on the
minor sports board in the Encina
gymnasium. All those desiring to en
ter the tournament may do so by sign
ing up before the end of the week.
Handsome V-neck pull-over sweaters
will be awarded the winner of the
singles and to the members of the
winning doubles team.
Play in the all-University handball
tournament is to start Monday, July
30. A schedule will be posted on the
minor sports board in the Encina
gymnasium. All those desiring to en
ter the tournament may do so by sign
ing up before the end of the week.
Handsome V-neck pull-over sweaters
will be awarded the winner of the
singles and to the members of the
winning doubles team.
Play in the all-University handball
tournament is to start Monday, July
30. A schedule will be posted on the
minor sports board in the Encina
gymnasium. All those desiring to en
ter the tournament may do so by sign
ing up before the end of the week.
Handsome V-neck pull-over sweaters
will be awarded the winner of the
singles and to the members of the
winning doubles team.
Play in the all-University handball
tournament is to start Monday, July
30. A schedule will be posted on the
minor sports board in the Encina
gymnasium. All those desiring to en
ter the tournament may do so by sign
ing up before the end of the week.
Handsome V-neck pull-over sweaters
will be awarded the winner of the
singles and to the members of the
winning doubles team.
Play in the all-University handball
tournament is to start Monday, July
30. A schedule will be posted on the
minor sports board in the Encina
gymnasium. All those desiring to en
ter the tournament may do so by sign
ing up before the end of the week.
Handsome V-neck pull-over sweaters
will be awarded the winner of the
singles and to the members of the
winning doubles team.
Play in the all-University handball
tournament is to start Monday, July
30. A schedule will be posted on the
minor sports board in the Encina
gymnasium. All those desiring to en
ter the tournament may do so by sign
ing up before the end of the week.
Handsome V-neck pull-over sweaters
will be awarded the winner of the
singles and to the members of the
winning doubles team.
Play in the all-University handball
tournament is to start Monday, July
30. A schedule will be posted on the
minor sports board in the Encina
gymnasium. All those desiring to en
ter the tournament may do so by sign
ing up before the end of the week.
Handsome V-neck pull-over sweaters
will be awarded the winner of the
singles and to the members of the
winning doubles team.
Play in the all-University handball
tournament is to start Monday, July
30. A schedule will be posted on the
minor sports board in the Encina
gymnasium. All those desiring to en
ter the tournament may do so by sign
ing up before the end of the week.
Handsome V-neck pull-over sweaters
will be awarded the winner of the
singles and to the members of the
winning doubles team.
Play in the all-University handball
tournament is to start Monday, July
30. A schedule will be posted on the
minor sports board in the Encina
gymnasium. All those desiring to en
ter the tournament may do so by sign
ing up before the end of the week.
Handsome V-neck pull-over sweaters
will be awarded the winner of the
singles and to the members of the
winning doubles team.
Play in the all-University handball
tournament is to start Monday, July
30. A schedule will be posted on the
minor sports board in the Encina
gymnasium. All those desiring to en
ter the tournament may do so by sign
ing up before the end of the week.
Handsome V-neck pull-over sweaters
will be awarded the winner of the
singles and to the members of the
winning doubles team.
Play in the all-University handball
tournament is to start Monday, July
30. A schedule will be posted on the
minor sports board in the Encina
gymnasium. All those desiring to en
ter the tournament may do so by sign
ing up before the end of the week.
Handsome V-neck pull-over sweaters
will be awarded the winner of the
singles and to the members of the
winning doubles team.
Play in the all-University handball
tournament is to start Monday, July
30. A schedule will be posted on the
minor sports board in the Encina
gymnasium. All those desiring to en
ter the tournament may do so by sign
ing up before the end of the week.
Handsome V-neck pull-over sweaters
will be awarded the winner of the
singles and to the members of the
winning doubles team.
