# Untitled Article
## 
### 
C. Boulware, '14, is coaching the
rugby fifteen of the Berkeley high
school.
C. Boulware, '14, is coaching the
rugby fifteen of the Berkeley high
school.
C. Boulware, '14, is coaching the
rugby fifteen of the Berkeley high
school.
C. Boulware, '14, is coaching the
rugby fifteen of the Berkeley high
school.
C. Boulware, '14, is coaching the
rugby fifteen of the Berkeley high
school.
C. Boulware, '14, is coaching the
rugby fifteen of the Berkeley high
school.
C. Boulware, '14, is coaching the
rugby fifteen of the Berkeley high
school.
C. Boulware, '14, is coaching the
rugby fifteen of the Berkeley high
school.
C. Boulware, '14, is coaching the
rugby fifteen of the Berkeley high
school.
C. Boulware, '14, is coaching the
rugby fifteen of the Berkeley high
school.
C. Boulware, '14, is coaching the
rugby fifteen of the Berkeley high
school.
C. Boulware, '14, is coaching the
rugby fifteen of the Berkeley high
school.
C. Boulware, '14, is coaching the
rugby fifteen of the Berkeley high
school.
