# Adv. 1 Page 2
## 
### 
J&Jm
Roseßoom
Bowl
Sparkling, up-to-date dancc
music. Orchestra under the
direction of
E.MAX BRADFIELD
Dinner dances every eve
ning, except Sunday, from
seven to one. No cover
charge except Saturday.
Cover charge Saturday eve
ning 50 cents.
PALACE
. HOTEL
C^Hanartmtni
J&Jm
Roseßoom
Bowl
Sparkling, up-to-date dancc
music. Orchestra under the
direction of
E.MAX BRADFIELD
Dinner dances every eve
ning, except Sunday, from
seven to one. No cover
charge except Saturday.
Cover charge Saturday eve
ning 50 cents.
PALACE
. HOTEL
C^Hanartmtni
J&Jm
Roseßoom
Bowl
Sparkling, up-to-date dancc
music. Orchestra under the
direction of
E.MAX BRADFIELD
Dinner dances every eve
ning, except Sunday, from
seven to one. No cover
charge except Saturday.
Cover charge Saturday eve
ning 50 cents.
PALACE
. HOTEL
C^Hanartmtni
J&Jm
Roseßoom
Bowl
Sparkling, up-to-date dancc
music. Orchestra under the
direction of
E.MAX BRADFIELD
Dinner dances every eve
ning, except Sunday, from
seven to one. No cover
charge except Saturday.
Cover charge Saturday eve
ning 50 cents.
PALACE
. HOTEL
C^Hanartmtni
J&Jm
Roseßoom
Bowl
Sparkling, up-to-date dancc
music. Orchestra under the
direction of
E.MAX BRADFIELD
Dinner dances every eve
ning, except Sunday, from
seven to one. No cover
charge except Saturday.
Cover charge Saturday eve
ning 50 cents.
PALACE
. HOTEL
C^Hanartmtni
J&Jm
Roseßoom
Bowl
Sparkling, up-to-date dancc
music. Orchestra under the
direction of
E.MAX BRADFIELD
Dinner dances every eve
ning, except Sunday, from
seven to one. No cover
charge except Saturday.
Cover charge Saturday eve
ning 50 cents.
PALACE
. HOTEL
C^Hanartmtni
J&Jm
Roseßoom
Bowl
Sparkling, up-to-date dancc
music. Orchestra under the
direction of
E.MAX BRADFIELD
Dinner dances every eve
ning, except Sunday, from
seven to one. No cover
charge except Saturday.
Cover charge Saturday eve
ning 50 cents.
PALACE
. HOTEL
C^Hanartmtni
J&Jm
Roseßoom
Bowl
Sparkling, up-to-date dancc
music. Orchestra under the
direction of
E.MAX BRADFIELD
Dinner dances every eve
ning, except Sunday, from
seven to one. No cover
charge except Saturday.
Cover charge Saturday eve
ning 50 cents.
PALACE
. HOTEL
C^Hanartmtni
J&Jm
Roseßoom
Bowl
Sparkling, up-to-date dancc
music. Orchestra under the
direction of
E.MAX BRADFIELD
Dinner dances every eve
ning, except Sunday, from
seven to one. No cover
charge except Saturday.
Cover charge Saturday eve
ning 50 cents.
PALACE
. HOTEL
C^Hanartmtni
J&Jm
Roseßoom
Bowl
Sparkling, up-to-date dancc
music. Orchestra under the
direction of
E.MAX BRADFIELD
Dinner dances every eve
ning, except Sunday, from
seven to one. No cover
charge except Saturday.
Cover charge Saturday eve
ning 50 cents.
PALACE
. HOTEL
C^Hanartmtni
J&Jm
Roseßoom
Bowl
Sparkling, up-to-date dancc
music. Orchestra under the
direction of
E.MAX BRADFIELD
Dinner dances every eve
ning, except Sunday, from
seven to one. No cover
charge except Saturday.
Cover charge Saturday eve
ning 50 cents.
PALACE
. HOTEL
C^Hanartmtni
J&Jm
Roseßoom
Bowl
Sparkling, up-to-date dancc
music. Orchestra under the
direction of
E.MAX BRADFIELD
Dinner dances every eve
ning, except Sunday, from
seven to one. No cover
charge except Saturday.
Cover charge Saturday eve
ning 50 cents.
PALACE
. HOTEL
C^Hanartmtni
J&Jm
Roseßoom
Bowl
Sparkling, up-to-date dancc
music. Orchestra under the
direction of
E.MAX BRADFIELD
Dinner dances every eve
ning, except Sunday, from
seven to one. No cover
charge except Saturday.
Cover charge Saturday eve
ning 50 cents.
PALACE
. HOTEL
C^Hanartmtni
J&Jm
Roseßoom
Bowl
Sparkling, up-to-date dancc
music. Orchestra under the
direction of
E.MAX BRADFIELD
Dinner dances every eve
ning, except Sunday, from
seven to one. No cover
charge except Saturday.
Cover charge Saturday eve
ning 50 cents.
PALACE
. HOTEL
C^Hanartmtni
J&Jm
Roseßoom
Bowl
Sparkling, up-to-date dancc
music. Orchestra under the
direction of
E.MAX BRADFIELD
Dinner dances every eve
ning, except Sunday, from
seven to one. No cover
charge except Saturday.
Cover charge Saturday eve
ning 50 cents.
PALACE
. HOTEL
C^Hanartmtni
