# Classes in Dramatics to Present One-Act Plays
## 
### 
The Theater Workshop class and Pro
fessor Buckingham's class in dramatic
interpretation will join in presenting
three one-act plays June 1. The pro
ductions will be selected and staged
entirely by members of the class. Choice
of the plays has not yet been made, but
is expected soon.
The Theater Workshop class and Pro
fessor Buckingham's class in dramatic
interpretation will join in presenting
three one-act plays June 1. The pro
ductions will be selected and staged
entirely by members of the class. Choice
of the plays has not yet been made, but
is expected soon.
The Theater Workshop class and Pro
fessor Buckingham's class in dramatic
interpretation will join in presenting
three one-act plays June 1. The pro
ductions will be selected and staged
entirely by members of the class. Choice
of the plays has not yet been made, but
is expected soon.
The Theater Workshop class and Pro
fessor Buckingham's class in dramatic
interpretation will join in presenting
three one-act plays June 1. The pro
ductions will be selected and staged
entirely by members of the class. Choice
of the plays has not yet been made, but
is expected soon.
The Theater Workshop class and Pro
fessor Buckingham's class in dramatic
interpretation will join in presenting
three one-act plays June 1. The pro
ductions will be selected and staged
entirely by members of the class. Choice
of the plays has not yet been made, but
is expected soon.
The Theater Workshop class and Pro
fessor Buckingham's class in dramatic
interpretation will join in presenting
three one-act plays June 1. The pro
ductions will be selected and staged
entirely by members of the class. Choice
of the plays has not yet been made, but
is expected soon.
The Theater Workshop class and Pro
fessor Buckingham's class in dramatic
interpretation will join in presenting
three one-act plays June 1. The pro
ductions will be selected and staged
entirely by members of the class. Choice
of the plays has not yet been made, but
is expected soon.
The Theater Workshop class and Pro
fessor Buckingham's class in dramatic
interpretation will join in presenting
three one-act plays June 1. The pro
ductions will be selected and staged
entirely by members of the class. Choice
of the plays has not yet been made, but
is expected soon.
The Theater Workshop class and Pro
fessor Buckingham's class in dramatic
interpretation will join in presenting
three one-act plays June 1. The pro
ductions will be selected and staged
entirely by members of the class. Choice
of the plays has not yet been made, but
is expected soon.
The Theater Workshop class and Pro
fessor Buckingham's class in dramatic
interpretation will join in presenting
three one-act plays June 1. The pro
ductions will be selected and staged
entirely by members of the class. Choice
of the plays has not yet been made, but
is expected soon.
The Theater Workshop class and Pro
fessor Buckingham's class in dramatic
interpretation will join in presenting
three one-act plays June 1. The pro
ductions will be selected and staged
entirely by members of the class. Choice
of the plays has not yet been made, but
is expected soon.
The Theater Workshop class and Pro
fessor Buckingham's class in dramatic
interpretation will join in presenting
three one-act plays June 1. The pro
ductions will be selected and staged
entirely by members of the class. Choice
of the plays has not yet been made, but
is expected soon.
The Theater Workshop class and Pro
fessor Buckingham's class in dramatic
interpretation will join in presenting
three one-act plays June 1. The pro
ductions will be selected and staged
entirely by members of the class. Choice
of the plays has not yet been made, but
is expected soon.
The Theater Workshop class and Pro
fessor Buckingham's class in dramatic
interpretation will join in presenting
three one-act plays June 1. The pro
ductions will be selected and staged
entirely by members of the class. Choice
of the plays has not yet been made, but
is expected soon.
The Theater Workshop class and Pro
fessor Buckingham's class in dramatic
interpretation will join in presenting
three one-act plays June 1. The pro
ductions will be selected and staged
entirely by members of the class. Choice
of the plays has not yet been made, but
is expected soon.
