# FIFTEEN CANOES ARE ENTERED IN FLOTILLA
## 
### 
Eight sororities, four fraterni
ties, and three clubs have signi
fied their intention of entering
the Junior Week Canoe Flotilla
Thursday night, May 10, on Lagu
nita.
Representatives from the fol
lowing groups met last night to
discuss plans for decorating
•canoes: Delta Gamma, Kappa
Alpha Theta, Sigma Kappa, Gam
ma Phi Meta, Chi Omega, Alpha
Omicron Pi, Alpha Phi, Delta Delta
Delta, Phi Kappa Sigma, Alpha
Kappa Lambda, Theta Delta Chi,
Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Roble Club,
Encina Club, and Sequoia Club.
Several other houses have an
nounced that they will enter.
Two cups will be given for the
best decorated canoes —one for
fraternities and men's clubs and
one for sororities and women's
clubs. D. D. Gage, chairman of
the Thursday night lake sports
committee, has announced that
canoes belonging to individuals
may also be entered.
Eight sororities, four fraterni
ties, and three clubs have signi
fied their intention of entering
the Junior Week Canoe Flotilla
Thursday night, May 10, on Lagu
nita.
Representatives from the fol
lowing groups met last night to
discuss plans for decorating
•canoes: Delta Gamma, Kappa
Alpha Theta, Sigma Kappa, Gam
ma Phi Meta, Chi Omega, Alpha
Omicron Pi, Alpha Phi, Delta Delta
Delta, Phi Kappa Sigma, Alpha
Kappa Lambda, Theta Delta Chi,
Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Roble Club,
Encina Club, and Sequoia Club.
Several other houses have an
nounced that they will enter.
Two cups will be given for the
best decorated canoes —one for
fraternities and men's clubs and
one for sororities and women's
clubs. D. D. Gage, chairman of
the Thursday night lake sports
committee, has announced that
canoes belonging to individuals
may also be entered.
Eight sororities, four fraterni
ties, and three clubs have signi
fied their intention of entering
the Junior Week Canoe Flotilla
Thursday night, May 10, on Lagu
nita.
Representatives from the fol
lowing groups met last night to
discuss plans for decorating
•canoes: Delta Gamma, Kappa
Alpha Theta, Sigma Kappa, Gam
ma Phi Meta, Chi Omega, Alpha
Omicron Pi, Alpha Phi, Delta Delta
Delta, Phi Kappa Sigma, Alpha
Kappa Lambda, Theta Delta Chi,
Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Roble Club,
Encina Club, and Sequoia Club.
Several other houses have an
nounced that they will enter.
Two cups will be given for the
best decorated canoes —one for
fraternities and men's clubs and
one for sororities and women's
clubs. D. D. Gage, chairman of
the Thursday night lake sports
committee, has announced that
canoes belonging to individuals
may also be entered.
Eight sororities, four fraterni
ties, and three clubs have signi
fied their intention of entering
the Junior Week Canoe Flotilla
Thursday night, May 10, on Lagu
nita.
Representatives from the fol
lowing groups met last night to
discuss plans for decorating
•canoes: Delta Gamma, Kappa
Alpha Theta, Sigma Kappa, Gam
ma Phi Meta, Chi Omega, Alpha
Omicron Pi, Alpha Phi, Delta Delta
Delta, Phi Kappa Sigma, Alpha
Kappa Lambda, Theta Delta Chi,
Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Roble Club,
Encina Club, and Sequoia Club.
Several other houses have an
nounced that they will enter.
Two cups will be given for the
best decorated canoes —one for
fraternities and men's clubs and
one for sororities and women's
clubs. D. D. Gage, chairman of
the Thursday night lake sports
committee, has announced that
canoes belonging to individuals
may also be entered.
Eight sororities, four fraterni
ties, and three clubs have signi
fied their intention of entering
the Junior Week Canoe Flotilla
Thursday night, May 10, on Lagu
nita.
Representatives from the fol
lowing groups met last night to
discuss plans for decorating
•canoes: Delta Gamma, Kappa
Alpha Theta, Sigma Kappa, Gam
ma Phi Meta, Chi Omega, Alpha
Omicron Pi, Alpha Phi, Delta Delta
Delta, Phi Kappa Sigma, Alpha
Kappa Lambda, Theta Delta Chi,
Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Roble Club,
Encina Club, and Sequoia Club.
Several other houses have an
nounced that they will enter.
Two cups will be given for the
best decorated canoes —one for
fraternities and men's clubs and
one for sororities and women's
clubs. D. D. Gage, chairman of
the Thursday night lake sports
committee, has announced that
canoes belonging to individuals
may also be entered.
Eight sororities, four fraterni
ties, and three clubs have signi
fied their intention of entering
the Junior Week Canoe Flotilla
Thursday night, May 10, on Lagu
nita.
Representatives from the fol
lowing groups met last night to
discuss plans for decorating
•canoes: Delta Gamma, Kappa
Alpha Theta, Sigma Kappa, Gam
ma Phi Meta, Chi Omega, Alpha
Omicron Pi, Alpha Phi, Delta Delta
Delta, Phi Kappa Sigma, Alpha
Kappa Lambda, Theta Delta Chi,
Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Roble Club,
Encina Club, and Sequoia Club.
Several other houses have an
nounced that they will enter.
Two cups will be given for the
best decorated canoes —one for
fraternities and men's clubs and
one for sororities and women's
clubs. D. D. Gage, chairman of
the Thursday night lake sports
committee, has announced that
canoes belonging to individuals
may also be entered.
Eight sororities, four fraterni
ties, and three clubs have signi
fied their intention of entering
the Junior Week Canoe Flotilla
Thursday night, May 10, on Lagu
nita.
Representatives from the fol
lowing groups met last night to
discuss plans for decorating
•canoes: Delta Gamma, Kappa
Alpha Theta, Sigma Kappa, Gam
ma Phi Meta, Chi Omega, Alpha
Omicron Pi, Alpha Phi, Delta Delta
Delta, Phi Kappa Sigma, Alpha
Kappa Lambda, Theta Delta Chi,
Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Roble Club,
Encina Club, and Sequoia Club.
Several other houses have an
nounced that they will enter.
Two cups will be given for the
best decorated canoes —one for
fraternities and men's clubs and
one for sororities and women's
clubs. D. D. Gage, chairman of
the Thursday night lake sports
committee, has announced that
canoes belonging to individuals
may also be entered.
Eight sororities, four fraterni
ties, and three clubs have signi
fied their intention of entering
the Junior Week Canoe Flotilla
Thursday night, May 10, on Lagu
nita.
Representatives from the fol
lowing groups met last night to
discuss plans for decorating
•canoes: Delta Gamma, Kappa
Alpha Theta, Sigma Kappa, Gam
ma Phi Meta, Chi Omega, Alpha
Omicron Pi, Alpha Phi, Delta Delta
Delta, Phi Kappa Sigma, Alpha
Kappa Lambda, Theta Delta Chi,
Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Roble Club,
Encina Club, and Sequoia Club.
Several other houses have an
nounced that they will enter.
Two cups will be given for the
best decorated canoes —one for
fraternities and men's clubs and
one for sororities and women's
clubs. D. D. Gage, chairman of
the Thursday night lake sports
committee, has announced that
canoes belonging to individuals
may also be entered.
Eight sororities, four fraterni
ties, and three clubs have signi
fied their intention of entering
the Junior Week Canoe Flotilla
Thursday night, May 10, on Lagu
nita.
Representatives from the fol
lowing groups met last night to
discuss plans for decorating
•canoes: Delta Gamma, Kappa
Alpha Theta, Sigma Kappa, Gam
ma Phi Meta, Chi Omega, Alpha
Omicron Pi, Alpha Phi, Delta Delta
Delta, Phi Kappa Sigma, Alpha
Kappa Lambda, Theta Delta Chi,
Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Roble Club,
Encina Club, and Sequoia Club.
Several other houses have an
nounced that they will enter.
Two cups will be given for the
best decorated canoes —one for
fraternities and men's clubs and
one for sororities and women's
clubs. D. D. Gage, chairman of
the Thursday night lake sports
committee, has announced that
canoes belonging to individuals
may also be entered.
Eight sororities, four fraterni
ties, and three clubs have signi
fied their intention of entering
the Junior Week Canoe Flotilla
Thursday night, May 10, on Lagu
nita.
Representatives from the fol
lowing groups met last night to
discuss plans for decorating
•canoes: Delta Gamma, Kappa
Alpha Theta, Sigma Kappa, Gam
ma Phi Meta, Chi Omega, Alpha
Omicron Pi, Alpha Phi, Delta Delta
Delta, Phi Kappa Sigma, Alpha
Kappa Lambda, Theta Delta Chi,
Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Roble Club,
Encina Club, and Sequoia Club.
Several other houses have an
nounced that they will enter.
Two cups will be given for the
best decorated canoes —one for
fraternities and men's clubs and
one for sororities and women's
clubs. D. D. Gage, chairman of
the Thursday night lake sports
committee, has announced that
canoes belonging to individuals
may also be entered.
Eight sororities, four fraterni
ties, and three clubs have signi
fied their intention of entering
the Junior Week Canoe Flotilla
Thursday night, May 10, on Lagu
nita.
Representatives from the fol
lowing groups met last night to
discuss plans for decorating
•canoes: Delta Gamma, Kappa
Alpha Theta, Sigma Kappa, Gam
ma Phi Meta, Chi Omega, Alpha
Omicron Pi, Alpha Phi, Delta Delta
Delta, Phi Kappa Sigma, Alpha
Kappa Lambda, Theta Delta Chi,
Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Roble Club,
Encina Club, and Sequoia Club.
Several other houses have an
nounced that they will enter.
Two cups will be given for the
best decorated canoes —one for
fraternities and men's clubs and
one for sororities and women's
clubs. D. D. Gage, chairman of
the Thursday night lake sports
committee, has announced that
canoes belonging to individuals
may also be entered.
Eight sororities, four fraterni
ties, and three clubs have signi
fied their intention of entering
the Junior Week Canoe Flotilla
Thursday night, May 10, on Lagu
nita.
Representatives from the fol
lowing groups met last night to
discuss plans for decorating
•canoes: Delta Gamma, Kappa
Alpha Theta, Sigma Kappa, Gam
ma Phi Meta, Chi Omega, Alpha
Omicron Pi, Alpha Phi, Delta Delta
Delta, Phi Kappa Sigma, Alpha
Kappa Lambda, Theta Delta Chi,
Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Roble Club,
Encina Club, and Sequoia Club.
Several other houses have an
nounced that they will enter.
Two cups will be given for the
best decorated canoes —one for
fraternities and men's clubs and
one for sororities and women's
clubs. D. D. Gage, chairman of
the Thursday night lake sports
committee, has announced that
canoes belonging to individuals
may also be entered.
Eight sororities, four fraterni
ties, and three clubs have signi
fied their intention of entering
the Junior Week Canoe Flotilla
Thursday night, May 10, on Lagu
nita.
Representatives from the fol
lowing groups met last night to
discuss plans for decorating
•canoes: Delta Gamma, Kappa
Alpha Theta, Sigma Kappa, Gam
ma Phi Meta, Chi Omega, Alpha
Omicron Pi, Alpha Phi, Delta Delta
Delta, Phi Kappa Sigma, Alpha
Kappa Lambda, Theta Delta Chi,
Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Roble Club,
Encina Club, and Sequoia Club.
Several other houses have an
nounced that they will enter.
Two cups will be given for the
best decorated canoes —one for
fraternities and men's clubs and
one for sororities and women's
clubs. D. D. Gage, chairman of
the Thursday night lake sports
committee, has announced that
canoes belonging to individuals
may also be entered.
Eight sororities, four fraterni
ties, and three clubs have signi
fied their intention of entering
the Junior Week Canoe Flotilla
Thursday night, May 10, on Lagu
nita.
Representatives from the fol
lowing groups met last night to
discuss plans for decorating
•canoes: Delta Gamma, Kappa
Alpha Theta, Sigma Kappa, Gam
ma Phi Meta, Chi Omega, Alpha
Omicron Pi, Alpha Phi, Delta Delta
Delta, Phi Kappa Sigma, Alpha
Kappa Lambda, Theta Delta Chi,
Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Roble Club,
Encina Club, and Sequoia Club.
Several other houses have an
nounced that they will enter.
Two cups will be given for the
best decorated canoes —one for
fraternities and men's clubs and
one for sororities and women's
clubs. D. D. Gage, chairman of
the Thursday night lake sports
committee, has announced that
canoes belonging to individuals
may also be entered.
Eight sororities, four fraterni
ties, and three clubs have signi
fied their intention of entering
the Junior Week Canoe Flotilla
Thursday night, May 10, on Lagu
nita.
Representatives from the fol
lowing groups met last night to
discuss plans for decorating
•canoes: Delta Gamma, Kappa
Alpha Theta, Sigma Kappa, Gam
ma Phi Meta, Chi Omega, Alpha
Omicron Pi, Alpha Phi, Delta Delta
Delta, Phi Kappa Sigma, Alpha
Kappa Lambda, Theta Delta Chi,
Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Roble Club,
Encina Club, and Sequoia Club.
Several other houses have an
nounced that they will enter.
Two cups will be given for the
best decorated canoes —one for
fraternities and men's clubs and
one for sororities and women's
clubs. D. D. Gage, chairman of
the Thursday night lake sports
committee, has announced that
canoes belonging to individuals
may also be entered.
