# Adv. 20 Page 7
## 
### 
I FOR GUIDED I
TOURS OF
SLAC
Stanford's
Two-Mile-Long
Accelerator
Telephone
854-3300
Extension 2204
Q^Vlore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere — for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Car Lie i
J JEWELERS
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
I FOR GUIDED I
TOURS OF
SLAC
Stanford's
Two-Mile-Long
Accelerator
Telephone
854-3300
Extension 2204
Q^Vlore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere — for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Car Lie i
J JEWELERS
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
I FOR GUIDED I
TOURS OF
SLAC
Stanford's
Two-Mile-Long
Accelerator
Telephone
854-3300
Extension 2204
Q^Vlore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere — for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Car Lie i
J JEWELERS
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
I FOR GUIDED I
TOURS OF
SLAC
Stanford's
Two-Mile-Long
Accelerator
Telephone
854-3300
Extension 2204
Q^Vlore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere — for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Car Lie i
J JEWELERS
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
I FOR GUIDED I
TOURS OF
SLAC
Stanford's
Two-Mile-Long
Accelerator
Telephone
854-3300
Extension 2204
Q^Vlore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere — for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Car Lie i
J JEWELERS
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
I FOR GUIDED I
TOURS OF
SLAC
Stanford's
Two-Mile-Long
Accelerator
Telephone
854-3300
Extension 2204
Q^Vlore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere — for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Car Lie i
J JEWELERS
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
I FOR GUIDED I
TOURS OF
SLAC
Stanford's
Two-Mile-Long
Accelerator
Telephone
854-3300
Extension 2204
Q^Vlore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere — for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Car Lie i
J JEWELERS
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
I FOR GUIDED I
TOURS OF
SLAC
Stanford's
Two-Mile-Long
Accelerator
Telephone
854-3300
Extension 2204
Q^Vlore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere — for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Car Lie i
J JEWELERS
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
I FOR GUIDED I
TOURS OF
SLAC
Stanford's
Two-Mile-Long
Accelerator
Telephone
854-3300
Extension 2204
Q^Vlore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere — for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Car Lie i
J JEWELERS
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
I FOR GUIDED I
TOURS OF
SLAC
Stanford's
Two-Mile-Long
Accelerator
Telephone
854-3300
Extension 2204
Q^Vlore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere — for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Car Lie i
J JEWELERS
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
I FOR GUIDED I
TOURS OF
SLAC
Stanford's
Two-Mile-Long
Accelerator
Telephone
854-3300
Extension 2204
Q^Vlore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere — for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Car Lie i
J JEWELERS
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
I FOR GUIDED I
TOURS OF
SLAC
Stanford's
Two-Mile-Long
Accelerator
Telephone
854-3300
Extension 2204
Q^Vlore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere — for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Car Lie i
J JEWELERS
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
I FOR GUIDED I
TOURS OF
SLAC
Stanford's
Two-Mile-Long
Accelerator
Telephone
854-3300
Extension 2204
Q^Vlore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere — for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Car Lie i
J JEWELERS
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
I FOR GUIDED I
TOURS OF
SLAC
Stanford's
Two-Mile-Long
Accelerator
Telephone
854-3300
Extension 2204
Q^Vlore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE:
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere — for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
CONVENIENT TERMS
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Car Lie i
J JEWELERS
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834
