# Singer-Composer To Perform
## 
### 
Malvina Reynolds, folksinger and regular
performer on television's "Sesame Street," will
appear in concert this Sunday at the Flint Center
in Cupertino. She is probably best known as the
composer of the song "Little Boxes," which gave

the word "ticky-tacky" to the language. Also on
the bill is Larry Hanks, a jaw harp player from
Berkeley. The benefit concert, sponsored by the
Peninsula Conservation Center, will begin at 2
p.m.
Malvina Reynolds, folksinger and regular
performer on television's "Sesame Street," will
appear in concert this Sunday at the Flint Center
in Cupertino. She is probably best known as the
composer of the song "Little Boxes," which gave

the word "ticky-tacky" to the language. Also on
the bill is Larry Hanks, a jaw harp player from
Berkeley. The benefit concert, sponsored by the
Peninsula Conservation Center, will begin at 2
p.m.
Malvina Reynolds, folksinger and regular
performer on television's "Sesame Street," will
appear in concert this Sunday at the Flint Center
in Cupertino. She is probably best known as the
composer of the song "Little Boxes," which gave

the word "ticky-tacky" to the language. Also on
the bill is Larry Hanks, a jaw harp player from
Berkeley. The benefit concert, sponsored by the
Peninsula Conservation Center, will begin at 2
p.m.
Malvina Reynolds, folksinger and regular
performer on television's "Sesame Street," will
appear in concert this Sunday at the Flint Center
in Cupertino. She is probably best known as the
composer of the song "Little Boxes," which gave

the word "ticky-tacky" to the language. Also on
the bill is Larry Hanks, a jaw harp player from
Berkeley. The benefit concert, sponsored by the
Peninsula Conservation Center, will begin at 2
p.m.
Malvina Reynolds, folksinger and regular
performer on television's "Sesame Street," will
appear in concert this Sunday at the Flint Center
in Cupertino. She is probably best known as the
composer of the song "Little Boxes," which gave

the word "ticky-tacky" to the language. Also on
the bill is Larry Hanks, a jaw harp player from
Berkeley. The benefit concert, sponsored by the
Peninsula Conservation Center, will begin at 2
p.m.
Malvina Reynolds, folksinger and regular
performer on television's "Sesame Street," will
appear in concert this Sunday at the Flint Center
in Cupertino. She is probably best known as the
composer of the song "Little Boxes," which gave

the word "ticky-tacky" to the language. Also on
the bill is Larry Hanks, a jaw harp player from
Berkeley. The benefit concert, sponsored by the
Peninsula Conservation Center, will begin at 2
p.m.
Malvina Reynolds, folksinger and regular
performer on television's "Sesame Street," will
appear in concert this Sunday at the Flint Center
in Cupertino. She is probably best known as the
composer of the song "Little Boxes," which gave

the word "ticky-tacky" to the language. Also on
the bill is Larry Hanks, a jaw harp player from
Berkeley. The benefit concert, sponsored by the
Peninsula Conservation Center, will begin at 2
p.m.
Malvina Reynolds, folksinger and regular
performer on television's "Sesame Street," will
appear in concert this Sunday at the Flint Center
in Cupertino. She is probably best known as the
composer of the song "Little Boxes," which gave

the word "ticky-tacky" to the language. Also on
the bill is Larry Hanks, a jaw harp player from
Berkeley. The benefit concert, sponsored by the
Peninsula Conservation Center, will begin at 2
p.m.
Malvina Reynolds, folksinger and regular
performer on television's "Sesame Street," will
appear in concert this Sunday at the Flint Center
in Cupertino. She is probably best known as the
composer of the song "Little Boxes," which gave

the word "ticky-tacky" to the language. Also on
the bill is Larry Hanks, a jaw harp player from
Berkeley. The benefit concert, sponsored by the
Peninsula Conservation Center, will begin at 2
p.m.
Malvina Reynolds, folksinger and regular
performer on television's "Sesame Street," will
appear in concert this Sunday at the Flint Center
in Cupertino. She is probably best known as the
composer of the song "Little Boxes," which gave

the word "ticky-tacky" to the language. Also on
the bill is Larry Hanks, a jaw harp player from
Berkeley. The benefit concert, sponsored by the
Peninsula Conservation Center, will begin at 2
p.m.
Malvina Reynolds, folksinger and regular
performer on television's "Sesame Street," will
appear in concert this Sunday at the Flint Center
in Cupertino. She is probably best known as the
composer of the song "Little Boxes," which gave

the word "ticky-tacky" to the language. Also on
the bill is Larry Hanks, a jaw harp player from
Berkeley. The benefit concert, sponsored by the
Peninsula Conservation Center, will begin at 2
p.m.
Malvina Reynolds, folksinger and regular
performer on television's "Sesame Street," will
appear in concert this Sunday at the Flint Center
in Cupertino. She is probably best known as the
composer of the song "Little Boxes," which gave

the word "ticky-tacky" to the language. Also on
the bill is Larry Hanks, a jaw harp player from
Berkeley. The benefit concert, sponsored by the
Peninsula Conservation Center, will begin at 2
p.m.
Malvina Reynolds, folksinger and regular
performer on television's "Sesame Street," will
appear in concert this Sunday at the Flint Center
in Cupertino. She is probably best known as the
composer of the song "Little Boxes," which gave

the word "ticky-tacky" to the language. Also on
the bill is Larry Hanks, a jaw harp player from
Berkeley. The benefit concert, sponsored by the
Peninsula Conservation Center, will begin at 2
p.m.
Malvina Reynolds, folksinger and regular
performer on television's "Sesame Street," will
appear in concert this Sunday at the Flint Center
in Cupertino. She is probably best known as the
composer of the song "Little Boxes," which gave

the word "ticky-tacky" to the language. Also on
the bill is Larry Hanks, a jaw harp player from
Berkeley. The benefit concert, sponsored by the
Peninsula Conservation Center, will begin at 2
p.m.
