# Adv. 19 Page 6
## 
### 
Dekes
Eat Better
Delta Kappa Epsilon
Fraternity offers a solu
tion for those who like to
eat but hate to cook. Ar
range to have Breakfast,
Lunch or Dinner regu
larly. All students wel
come.
Call 321-5665 for de
tails.
Dekes
Eat Better
Delta Kappa Epsilon
Fraternity offers a solu
tion for those who like to
eat but hate to cook. Ar
range to have Breakfast,
Lunch or Dinner regu
larly. All students wel
come.
Call 321-5665 for de
tails.
Dekes
Eat Better
Delta Kappa Epsilon
Fraternity offers a solu
tion for those who like to
eat but hate to cook. Ar
range to have Breakfast,
Lunch or Dinner regu
larly. All students wel
come.
Call 321-5665 for de
tails.
Dekes
Eat Better
Delta Kappa Epsilon
Fraternity offers a solu
tion for those who like to
eat but hate to cook. Ar
range to have Breakfast,
Lunch or Dinner regu
larly. All students wel
come.
Call 321-5665 for de
tails.
Dekes
Eat Better
Delta Kappa Epsilon
Fraternity offers a solu
tion for those who like to
eat but hate to cook. Ar
range to have Breakfast,
Lunch or Dinner regu
larly. All students wel
come.
Call 321-5665 for de
tails.
Dekes
Eat Better
Delta Kappa Epsilon
Fraternity offers a solu
tion for those who like to
eat but hate to cook. Ar
range to have Breakfast,
Lunch or Dinner regu
larly. All students wel
come.
Call 321-5665 for de
tails.
Dekes
Eat Better
Delta Kappa Epsilon
Fraternity offers a solu
tion for those who like to
eat but hate to cook. Ar
range to have Breakfast,
Lunch or Dinner regu
larly. All students wel
come.
Call 321-5665 for de
tails.
Dekes
Eat Better
Delta Kappa Epsilon
Fraternity offers a solu
tion for those who like to
eat but hate to cook. Ar
range to have Breakfast,
Lunch or Dinner regu
larly. All students wel
come.
Call 321-5665 for de
tails.
Dekes
Eat Better
Delta Kappa Epsilon
Fraternity offers a solu
tion for those who like to
eat but hate to cook. Ar
range to have Breakfast,
Lunch or Dinner regu
larly. All students wel
come.
Call 321-5665 for de
tails.
Dekes
Eat Better
Delta Kappa Epsilon
Fraternity offers a solu
tion for those who like to
eat but hate to cook. Ar
range to have Breakfast,
Lunch or Dinner regu
larly. All students wel
come.
Call 321-5665 for de
tails.
Dekes
Eat Better
Delta Kappa Epsilon
Fraternity offers a solu
tion for those who like to
eat but hate to cook. Ar
range to have Breakfast,
Lunch or Dinner regu
larly. All students wel
come.
Call 321-5665 for de
tails.
Dekes
Eat Better
Delta Kappa Epsilon
Fraternity offers a solu
tion for those who like to
eat but hate to cook. Ar
range to have Breakfast,
Lunch or Dinner regu
larly. All students wel
come.
Call 321-5665 for de
tails.
Dekes
Eat Better
Delta Kappa Epsilon
Fraternity offers a solu
tion for those who like to
eat but hate to cook. Ar
range to have Breakfast,
Lunch or Dinner regu
larly. All students wel
come.
Call 321-5665 for de
tails.
