# Recycling center to start soon
## 
### Sara Lessley 
By mid-January, there will be
another way to dispose of aluminum,
glass and newspapers on campus
with the opening of the ASSU Recycl
ing Center.
The project is "running about on
schedule," according to co-project
manager Jim Knox. He said he hopes
the project will begin collecting re
cyclables within the next few weeks.
A part of the operation will begin
Jan. 14, he said. The center will be
open for off-campus students and fa
culty delivering recyclables to the
site, near Plant Services.

Markets (or buyers) for aluminum,
newspapers and glass have been
found, and the markets will deliver
their recycling bins to the site by the
end of the month, Knox said.
But, he added, project staffers plan
to begin picking up recyclables be
fore then with a newly-acquired pic
kup truck.
Knox said the pickup schedule will
start gradually, beginning with
"prime spots" such as Escondido,
Mirrielees and Manzanita. Regular
pickups will eventually be
scheduled, Knox added, but at the
start, project staffers will depend on

calls from residence coordinators
when dorm recycling drums are full.
Residence coordinators are volun
teers in each dorm who "promote,
encourage and supervise" recycling,
Knox said.
With the acquisition of a truck,
selection of six staff members and
completion of the site, the biggest
remaining concern is locating places
fordorm recycling drums, Knox said.
The drums must be "accessible to
students and to us," he added.
Knox said the drums will be distri
buted to residences by the end of
next week.
By mid-January, there will be
another way to dispose of aluminum,
glass and newspapers on campus
with the opening of the ASSU Recycl
ing Center.
The project is "running about on
schedule," according to co-project
manager Jim Knox. He said he hopes
the project will begin collecting re
cyclables within the next few weeks.
A part of the operation will begin
Jan. 14, he said. The center will be
open for off-campus students and fa
culty delivering recyclables to the
site, near Plant Services.

Markets (or buyers) for aluminum,
newspapers and glass have been
found, and the markets will deliver
their recycling bins to the site by the
end of the month, Knox said.
But, he added, project staffers plan
to begin picking up recyclables be
fore then with a newly-acquired pic
kup truck.
Knox said the pickup schedule will
start gradually, beginning with
"prime spots" such as Escondido,
Mirrielees and Manzanita. Regular
pickups will eventually be
scheduled, Knox added, but at the
start, project staffers will depend on

calls from residence coordinators
when dorm recycling drums are full.
Residence coordinators are volun
teers in each dorm who "promote,
encourage and supervise" recycling,
Knox said.
With the acquisition of a truck,
selection of six staff members and
completion of the site, the biggest
remaining concern is locating places
fordorm recycling drums, Knox said.
The drums must be "accessible to
students and to us," he added.
Knox said the drums will be distri
buted to residences by the end of
next week.
By mid-January, there will be
another way to dispose of aluminum,
glass and newspapers on campus
with the opening of the ASSU Recycl
ing Center.
The project is "running about on
schedule," according to co-project
manager Jim Knox. He said he hopes
the project will begin collecting re
cyclables within the next few weeks.
A part of the operation will begin
Jan. 14, he said. The center will be
open for off-campus students and fa
culty delivering recyclables to the
site, near Plant Services.

Markets (or buyers) for aluminum,
newspapers and glass have been
found, and the markets will deliver
their recycling bins to the site by the
end of the month, Knox said.
But, he added, project staffers plan
to begin picking up recyclables be
fore then with a newly-acquired pic
kup truck.
Knox said the pickup schedule will
start gradually, beginning with
"prime spots" such as Escondido,
Mirrielees and Manzanita. Regular
pickups will eventually be
scheduled, Knox added, but at the
start, project staffers will depend on

calls from residence coordinators
when dorm recycling drums are full.
Residence coordinators are volun
teers in each dorm who "promote,
encourage and supervise" recycling,
Knox said.
With the acquisition of a truck,
selection of six staff members and
completion of the site, the biggest
remaining concern is locating places
fordorm recycling drums, Knox said.
The drums must be "accessible to
students and to us," he added.
Knox said the drums will be distri
buted to residences by the end of
next week.
By mid-January, there will be
another way to dispose of aluminum,
glass and newspapers on campus
with the opening of the ASSU Recycl
ing Center.
The project is "running about on
schedule," according to co-project
manager Jim Knox. He said he hopes
the project will begin collecting re
cyclables within the next few weeks.
A part of the operation will begin
Jan. 14, he said. The center will be
open for off-campus students and fa
culty delivering recyclables to the
site, near Plant Services.

Markets (or buyers) for aluminum,
newspapers and glass have been
found, and the markets will deliver
their recycling bins to the site by the
end of the month, Knox said.
But, he added, project staffers plan
to begin picking up recyclables be
fore then with a newly-acquired pic
kup truck.
Knox said the pickup schedule will
start gradually, beginning with
"prime spots" such as Escondido,
Mirrielees and Manzanita. Regular
pickups will eventually be
scheduled, Knox added, but at the
start, project staffers will depend on

calls from residence coordinators
when dorm recycling drums are full.
Residence coordinators are volun
teers in each dorm who "promote,
encourage and supervise" recycling,
Knox said.
With the acquisition of a truck,
selection of six staff members and
completion of the site, the biggest
remaining concern is locating places
fordorm recycling drums, Knox said.
The drums must be "accessible to
students and to us," he added.
Knox said the drums will be distri
buted to residences by the end of
next week.
By mid-January, there will be
another way to dispose of aluminum,
glass and newspapers on campus
with the opening of the ASSU Recycl
ing Center.
The project is "running about on
schedule," according to co-project
manager Jim Knox. He said he hopes
the project will begin collecting re
cyclables within the next few weeks.
A part of the operation will begin
Jan. 14, he said. The center will be
open for off-campus students and fa
culty delivering recyclables to the
site, near Plant Services.

Markets (or buyers) for aluminum,
newspapers and glass have been
found, and the markets will deliver
their recycling bins to the site by the
end of the month, Knox said.
But, he added, project staffers plan
to begin picking up recyclables be
fore then with a newly-acquired pic
kup truck.
Knox said the pickup schedule will
start gradually, beginning with
"prime spots" such as Escondido,
Mirrielees and Manzanita. Regular
pickups will eventually be
scheduled, Knox added, but at the
start, project staffers will depend on

calls from residence coordinators
when dorm recycling drums are full.
Residence coordinators are volun
teers in each dorm who "promote,
encourage and supervise" recycling,
Knox said.
With the acquisition of a truck,
selection of six staff members and
completion of the site, the biggest
remaining concern is locating places
fordorm recycling drums, Knox said.
The drums must be "accessible to
students and to us," he added.
Knox said the drums will be distri
buted to residences by the end of
next week.
By mid-January, there will be
another way to dispose of aluminum,
glass and newspapers on campus
with the opening of the ASSU Recycl
ing Center.
The project is "running about on
schedule," according to co-project
manager Jim Knox. He said he hopes
the project will begin collecting re
cyclables within the next few weeks.
A part of the operation will begin
Jan. 14, he said. The center will be
open for off-campus students and fa
culty delivering recyclables to the
site, near Plant Services.

Markets (or buyers) for aluminum,
newspapers and glass have been
found, and the markets will deliver
their recycling bins to the site by the
end of the month, Knox said.
But, he added, project staffers plan
to begin picking up recyclables be
fore then with a newly-acquired pic
kup truck.
Knox said the pickup schedule will
start gradually, beginning with
"prime spots" such as Escondido,
Mirrielees and Manzanita. Regular
pickups will eventually be
scheduled, Knox added, but at the
start, project staffers will depend on

calls from residence coordinators
when dorm recycling drums are full.
Residence coordinators are volun
teers in each dorm who "promote,
encourage and supervise" recycling,
Knox said.
With the acquisition of a truck,
selection of six staff members and
completion of the site, the biggest
remaining concern is locating places
fordorm recycling drums, Knox said.
The drums must be "accessible to
students and to us," he added.
Knox said the drums will be distri
buted to residences by the end of
next week.
By mid-January, there will be
another way to dispose of aluminum,
glass and newspapers on campus
with the opening of the ASSU Recycl
ing Center.
The project is "running about on
schedule," according to co-project
manager Jim Knox. He said he hopes
the project will begin collecting re
cyclables within the next few weeks.
A part of the operation will begin
Jan. 14, he said. The center will be
open for off-campus students and fa
culty delivering recyclables to the
site, near Plant Services.

Markets (or buyers) for aluminum,
newspapers and glass have been
found, and the markets will deliver
their recycling bins to the site by the
end of the month, Knox said.
But, he added, project staffers plan
to begin picking up recyclables be
fore then with a newly-acquired pic
kup truck.
Knox said the pickup schedule will
start gradually, beginning with
"prime spots" such as Escondido,
Mirrielees and Manzanita. Regular
pickups will eventually be
scheduled, Knox added, but at the
start, project staffers will depend on

calls from residence coordinators
when dorm recycling drums are full.
Residence coordinators are volun
teers in each dorm who "promote,
encourage and supervise" recycling,
Knox said.
With the acquisition of a truck,
selection of six staff members and
completion of the site, the biggest
remaining concern is locating places
fordorm recycling drums, Knox said.
The drums must be "accessible to
students and to us," he added.
Knox said the drums will be distri
buted to residences by the end of
next week.
By mid-January, there will be
another way to dispose of aluminum,
glass and newspapers on campus
with the opening of the ASSU Recycl
ing Center.
The project is "running about on
schedule," according to co-project
manager Jim Knox. He said he hopes
the project will begin collecting re
cyclables within the next few weeks.
A part of the operation will begin
Jan. 14, he said. The center will be
open for off-campus students and fa
culty delivering recyclables to the
site, near Plant Services.

Markets (or buyers) for aluminum,
newspapers and glass have been
found, and the markets will deliver
their recycling bins to the site by the
end of the month, Knox said.
But, he added, project staffers plan
to begin picking up recyclables be
fore then with a newly-acquired pic
kup truck.
Knox said the pickup schedule will
start gradually, beginning with
"prime spots" such as Escondido,
Mirrielees and Manzanita. Regular
pickups will eventually be
scheduled, Knox added, but at the
start, project staffers will depend on

calls from residence coordinators
when dorm recycling drums are full.
Residence coordinators are volun
teers in each dorm who "promote,
encourage and supervise" recycling,
Knox said.
With the acquisition of a truck,
selection of six staff members and
completion of the site, the biggest
remaining concern is locating places
fordorm recycling drums, Knox said.
The drums must be "accessible to
students and to us," he added.
Knox said the drums will be distri
buted to residences by the end of
next week.
By mid-January, there will be
another way to dispose of aluminum,
glass and newspapers on campus
with the opening of the ASSU Recycl
ing Center.
The project is "running about on
schedule," according to co-project
manager Jim Knox. He said he hopes
the project will begin collecting re
cyclables within the next few weeks.
A part of the operation will begin
Jan. 14, he said. The center will be
open for off-campus students and fa
culty delivering recyclables to the
site, near Plant Services.

Markets (or buyers) for aluminum,
newspapers and glass have been
found, and the markets will deliver
their recycling bins to the site by the
end of the month, Knox said.
But, he added, project staffers plan
to begin picking up recyclables be
fore then with a newly-acquired pic
kup truck.
Knox said the pickup schedule will
start gradually, beginning with
"prime spots" such as Escondido,
Mirrielees and Manzanita. Regular
pickups will eventually be
scheduled, Knox added, but at the
start, project staffers will depend on

calls from residence coordinators
when dorm recycling drums are full.
Residence coordinators are volun
teers in each dorm who "promote,
encourage and supervise" recycling,
Knox said.
With the acquisition of a truck,
selection of six staff members and
completion of the site, the biggest
remaining concern is locating places
fordorm recycling drums, Knox said.
The drums must be "accessible to
students and to us," he added.
Knox said the drums will be distri
buted to residences by the end of
next week.
By mid-January, there will be
another way to dispose of aluminum,
glass and newspapers on campus
with the opening of the ASSU Recycl
ing Center.
The project is "running about on
schedule," according to co-project
manager Jim Knox. He said he hopes
the project will begin collecting re
cyclables within the next few weeks.
A part of the operation will begin
Jan. 14, he said. The center will be
open for off-campus students and fa
culty delivering recyclables to the
site, near Plant Services.

Markets (or buyers) for aluminum,
newspapers and glass have been
found, and the markets will deliver
their recycling bins to the site by the
end of the month, Knox said.
But, he added, project staffers plan
to begin picking up recyclables be
fore then with a newly-acquired pic
kup truck.
Knox said the pickup schedule will
start gradually, beginning with
"prime spots" such as Escondido,
Mirrielees and Manzanita. Regular
pickups will eventually be
scheduled, Knox added, but at the
start, project staffers will depend on

calls from residence coordinators
when dorm recycling drums are full.
Residence coordinators are volun
teers in each dorm who "promote,
encourage and supervise" recycling,
Knox said.
With the acquisition of a truck,
selection of six staff members and
completion of the site, the biggest
remaining concern is locating places
fordorm recycling drums, Knox said.
The drums must be "accessible to
students and to us," he added.
Knox said the drums will be distri
buted to residences by the end of
next week.
By mid-January, there will be
another way to dispose of aluminum,
glass and newspapers on campus
with the opening of the ASSU Recycl
ing Center.
The project is "running about on
schedule," according to co-project
manager Jim Knox. He said he hopes
the project will begin collecting re
cyclables within the next few weeks.
A part of the operation will begin
Jan. 14, he said. The center will be
open for off-campus students and fa
culty delivering recyclables to the
site, near Plant Services.

Markets (or buyers) for aluminum,
newspapers and glass have been
found, and the markets will deliver
their recycling bins to the site by the
end of the month, Knox said.
But, he added, project staffers plan
to begin picking up recyclables be
fore then with a newly-acquired pic
kup truck.
Knox said the pickup schedule will
start gradually, beginning with
"prime spots" such as Escondido,
Mirrielees and Manzanita. Regular
pickups will eventually be
scheduled, Knox added, but at the
start, project staffers will depend on

calls from residence coordinators
when dorm recycling drums are full.
Residence coordinators are volun
teers in each dorm who "promote,
encourage and supervise" recycling,
Knox said.
With the acquisition of a truck,
selection of six staff members and
completion of the site, the biggest
remaining concern is locating places
fordorm recycling drums, Knox said.
The drums must be "accessible to
students and to us," he added.
Knox said the drums will be distri
buted to residences by the end of
next week.
By mid-January, there will be
another way to dispose of aluminum,
glass and newspapers on campus
with the opening of the ASSU Recycl
ing Center.
The project is "running about on
schedule," according to co-project
manager Jim Knox. He said he hopes
the project will begin collecting re
cyclables within the next few weeks.
A part of the operation will begin
Jan. 14, he said. The center will be
open for off-campus students and fa
culty delivering recyclables to the
site, near Plant Services.

Markets (or buyers) for aluminum,
newspapers and glass have been
found, and the markets will deliver
their recycling bins to the site by the
end of the month, Knox said.
But, he added, project staffers plan
to begin picking up recyclables be
fore then with a newly-acquired pic
kup truck.
Knox said the pickup schedule will
start gradually, beginning with
"prime spots" such as Escondido,
Mirrielees and Manzanita. Regular
pickups will eventually be
scheduled, Knox added, but at the
start, project staffers will depend on

calls from residence coordinators
when dorm recycling drums are full.
Residence coordinators are volun
teers in each dorm who "promote,
encourage and supervise" recycling,
Knox said.
With the acquisition of a truck,
selection of six staff members and
completion of the site, the biggest
remaining concern is locating places
fordorm recycling drums, Knox said.
The drums must be "accessible to
students and to us," he added.
Knox said the drums will be distri
buted to residences by the end of
next week.
By mid-January, there will be
another way to dispose of aluminum,
glass and newspapers on campus
with the opening of the ASSU Recycl
ing Center.
The project is "running about on
schedule," according to co-project
manager Jim Knox. He said he hopes
the project will begin collecting re
cyclables within the next few weeks.
A part of the operation will begin
Jan. 14, he said. The center will be
open for off-campus students and fa
culty delivering recyclables to the
site, near Plant Services.

Markets (or buyers) for aluminum,
newspapers and glass have been
found, and the markets will deliver
their recycling bins to the site by the
end of the month, Knox said.
But, he added, project staffers plan
to begin picking up recyclables be
fore then with a newly-acquired pic
kup truck.
Knox said the pickup schedule will
start gradually, beginning with
"prime spots" such as Escondido,
Mirrielees and Manzanita. Regular
pickups will eventually be
scheduled, Knox added, but at the
start, project staffers will depend on

calls from residence coordinators
when dorm recycling drums are full.
Residence coordinators are volun
teers in each dorm who "promote,
encourage and supervise" recycling,
Knox said.
With the acquisition of a truck,
selection of six staff members and
completion of the site, the biggest
remaining concern is locating places
fordorm recycling drums, Knox said.
The drums must be "accessible to
students and to us," he added.
Knox said the drums will be distri
buted to residences by the end of
next week.
