# Engagement
## 
### 
Storey House announces the en
gagement of Nancy Laine, '55, to
Andy Thompson, '54, Phi Kappa Psi,
now at University of Kansas Law
School.
Storey House announces the en
gagement of Nancy Laine, '55, to
Andy Thompson, '54, Phi Kappa Psi,
now at University of Kansas Law
School.
Storey House announces the en
gagement of Nancy Laine, '55, to
Andy Thompson, '54, Phi Kappa Psi,
now at University of Kansas Law
School.
Storey House announces the en
gagement of Nancy Laine, '55, to
Andy Thompson, '54, Phi Kappa Psi,
now at University of Kansas Law
School.
Storey House announces the en
gagement of Nancy Laine, '55, to
Andy Thompson, '54, Phi Kappa Psi,
now at University of Kansas Law
School.
Storey House announces the en
gagement of Nancy Laine, '55, to
Andy Thompson, '54, Phi Kappa Psi,
now at University of Kansas Law
School.
Storey House announces the en
gagement of Nancy Laine, '55, to
Andy Thompson, '54, Phi Kappa Psi,
now at University of Kansas Law
School.
Storey House announces the en
gagement of Nancy Laine, '55, to
Andy Thompson, '54, Phi Kappa Psi,
now at University of Kansas Law
School.
Storey House announces the en
gagement of Nancy Laine, '55, to
Andy Thompson, '54, Phi Kappa Psi,
now at University of Kansas Law
School.
Storey House announces the en
gagement of Nancy Laine, '55, to
Andy Thompson, '54, Phi Kappa Psi,
now at University of Kansas Law
School.
Storey House announces the en
gagement of Nancy Laine, '55, to
Andy Thompson, '54, Phi Kappa Psi,
now at University of Kansas Law
School.
Storey House announces the en
gagement of Nancy Laine, '55, to
Andy Thompson, '54, Phi Kappa Psi,
now at University of Kansas Law
School.
Storey House announces the en
gagement of Nancy Laine, '55, to
Andy Thompson, '54, Phi Kappa Psi,
now at University of Kansas Law
School.
Storey House announces the en
gagement of Nancy Laine, '55, to
Andy Thompson, '54, Phi Kappa Psi,
now at University of Kansas Law
School.
Storey House announces the en
gagement of Nancy Laine, '55, to
Andy Thompson, '54, Phi Kappa Psi,
now at University of Kansas Law
School.
