# Adv. 49 Page 13
## 
### 
TUTORING
TUTORS, K-12 all subj., exp.
helpful, work 1-on-1 with kids,
$15-$2O/hr
jobs@buddysystem .com.
WANTED-DONORS
EGG DONOR NEEDED SIOK
healthy/smart/med build/blonde
email: eggs4us@hotmail.com
EGG DONOR NEEDED infertile
couple seeking an exceptional
woman to donate eggs. Previos
success as a donor a plus $4000
plus expenses For more .nfo
ca11415-221-1341
TUTORING
TUTORS, K-12 all subj., exp.
helpful, work 1-on-1 with kids,
$15-$2O/hr
jobs@buddysystem .com.
WANTED-DONORS
EGG DONOR NEEDED SIOK
healthy/smart/med build/blonde
email: eggs4us@hotmail.com
EGG DONOR NEEDED infertile
couple seeking an exceptional
woman to donate eggs. Previos
success as a donor a plus $4000
plus expenses For more .nfo
ca11415-221-1341
TUTORING
TUTORS, K-12 all subj., exp.
helpful, work 1-on-1 with kids,
$15-$2O/hr
jobs@buddysystem .com.
WANTED-DONORS
EGG DONOR NEEDED SIOK
healthy/smart/med build/blonde
email: eggs4us@hotmail.com
EGG DONOR NEEDED infertile
couple seeking an exceptional
woman to donate eggs. Previos
success as a donor a plus $4000
plus expenses For more .nfo
ca11415-221-1341
TUTORING
TUTORS, K-12 all subj., exp.
helpful, work 1-on-1 with kids,
$15-$2O/hr
jobs@buddysystem .com.
WANTED-DONORS
EGG DONOR NEEDED SIOK
healthy/smart/med build/blonde
email: eggs4us@hotmail.com
EGG DONOR NEEDED infertile
couple seeking an exceptional
woman to donate eggs. Previos
success as a donor a plus $4000
plus expenses For more .nfo
ca11415-221-1341
TUTORING
TUTORS, K-12 all subj., exp.
helpful, work 1-on-1 with kids,
$15-$2O/hr
jobs@buddysystem .com.
WANTED-DONORS
EGG DONOR NEEDED SIOK
healthy/smart/med build/blonde
email: eggs4us@hotmail.com
EGG DONOR NEEDED infertile
couple seeking an exceptional
woman to donate eggs. Previos
success as a donor a plus $4000
plus expenses For more .nfo
ca11415-221-1341
