# Black Friday To Be Shown
## 
### 
"Operation Abolition," the film
of the Un-American Activities
Committee riots in San Francisco
in May, will be shown this Thurs
day at a public meeting sponsored
by the Los Altos Young Republi
cans. The showing will be at the
Hillview School Multipurpose
Room.
Persons interested in more in
formation may contact Anthony
Lagorio at WH 8-8209 or Carole
Brost at WH 8-6907.
"Operation Abolition," the film
of the Un-American Activities
Committee riots in San Francisco
in May, will be shown this Thurs
day at a public meeting sponsored
by the Los Altos Young Republi
cans. The showing will be at the
Hillview School Multipurpose
Room.
Persons interested in more in
formation may contact Anthony
Lagorio at WH 8-8209 or Carole
Brost at WH 8-6907.
"Operation Abolition," the film
of the Un-American Activities
Committee riots in San Francisco
in May, will be shown this Thurs
day at a public meeting sponsored
by the Los Altos Young Republi
cans. The showing will be at the
Hillview School Multipurpose
Room.
Persons interested in more in
formation may contact Anthony
Lagorio at WH 8-8209 or Carole
Brost at WH 8-6907.
"Operation Abolition," the film
of the Un-American Activities
Committee riots in San Francisco
in May, will be shown this Thurs
day at a public meeting sponsored
by the Los Altos Young Republi
cans. The showing will be at the
Hillview School Multipurpose
Room.
Persons interested in more in
formation may contact Anthony
Lagorio at WH 8-8209 or Carole
Brost at WH 8-6907.
"Operation Abolition," the film
of the Un-American Activities
Committee riots in San Francisco
in May, will be shown this Thurs
day at a public meeting sponsored
by the Los Altos Young Republi
cans. The showing will be at the
Hillview School Multipurpose
Room.
Persons interested in more in
formation may contact Anthony
Lagorio at WH 8-8209 or Carole
Brost at WH 8-6907.
"Operation Abolition," the film
of the Un-American Activities
Committee riots in San Francisco
in May, will be shown this Thurs
day at a public meeting sponsored
by the Los Altos Young Republi
cans. The showing will be at the
Hillview School Multipurpose
Room.
Persons interested in more in
formation may contact Anthony
Lagorio at WH 8-8209 or Carole
Brost at WH 8-6907.
"Operation Abolition," the film
of the Un-American Activities
Committee riots in San Francisco
in May, will be shown this Thurs
day at a public meeting sponsored
by the Los Altos Young Republi
cans. The showing will be at the
Hillview School Multipurpose
Room.
Persons interested in more in
formation may contact Anthony
Lagorio at WH 8-8209 or Carole
Brost at WH 8-6907.
"Operation Abolition," the film
of the Un-American Activities
Committee riots in San Francisco
in May, will be shown this Thurs
day at a public meeting sponsored
by the Los Altos Young Republi
cans. The showing will be at the
Hillview School Multipurpose
Room.
Persons interested in more in
formation may contact Anthony
Lagorio at WH 8-8209 or Carole
Brost at WH 8-6907.
"Operation Abolition," the film
of the Un-American Activities
Committee riots in San Francisco
in May, will be shown this Thurs
day at a public meeting sponsored
by the Los Altos Young Republi
cans. The showing will be at the
Hillview School Multipurpose
Room.
Persons interested in more in
formation may contact Anthony
Lagorio at WH 8-8209 or Carole
Brost at WH 8-6907.
"Operation Abolition," the film
of the Un-American Activities
Committee riots in San Francisco
in May, will be shown this Thurs
day at a public meeting sponsored
by the Los Altos Young Republi
cans. The showing will be at the
Hillview School Multipurpose
Room.
Persons interested in more in
formation may contact Anthony
Lagorio at WH 8-8209 or Carole
Brost at WH 8-6907.
"Operation Abolition," the film
of the Un-American Activities
Committee riots in San Francisco
in May, will be shown this Thurs
day at a public meeting sponsored
by the Los Altos Young Republi
cans. The showing will be at the
Hillview School Multipurpose
Room.
Persons interested in more in
formation may contact Anthony
Lagorio at WH 8-8209 or Carole
Brost at WH 8-6907.
"Operation Abolition," the film
of the Un-American Activities
Committee riots in San Francisco
in May, will be shown this Thurs
day at a public meeting sponsored
by the Los Altos Young Republi
cans. The showing will be at the
Hillview School Multipurpose
Room.
Persons interested in more in
formation may contact Anthony
Lagorio at WH 8-8209 or Carole
Brost at WH 8-6907.
"Operation Abolition," the film
of the Un-American Activities
Committee riots in San Francisco
in May, will be shown this Thurs
day at a public meeting sponsored
by the Los Altos Young Republi
cans. The showing will be at the
Hillview School Multipurpose
Room.
Persons interested in more in
formation may contact Anthony
Lagorio at WH 8-8209 or Carole
Brost at WH 8-6907.
"Operation Abolition," the film
of the Un-American Activities
Committee riots in San Francisco
in May, will be shown this Thurs
day at a public meeting sponsored
by the Los Altos Young Republi
cans. The showing will be at the
Hillview School Multipurpose
Room.
Persons interested in more in
formation may contact Anthony
Lagorio at WH 8-8209 or Carole
Brost at WH 8-6907.
"Operation Abolition," the film
of the Un-American Activities
Committee riots in San Francisco
in May, will be shown this Thurs
day at a public meeting sponsored
by the Los Altos Young Republi
cans. The showing will be at the
Hillview School Multipurpose
Room.
Persons interested in more in
formation may contact Anthony
Lagorio at WH 8-8209 or Carole
Brost at WH 8-6907.
"Operation Abolition," the film
of the Un-American Activities
Committee riots in San Francisco
in May, will be shown this Thurs
day at a public meeting sponsored
by the Los Altos Young Republi
cans. The showing will be at the
Hillview School Multipurpose
Room.
Persons interested in more in
formation may contact Anthony
Lagorio at WH 8-8209 or Carole
Brost at WH 8-6907.
"Operation Abolition," the film
of the Un-American Activities
Committee riots in San Francisco
in May, will be shown this Thurs
day at a public meeting sponsored
by the Los Altos Young Republi
cans. The showing will be at the
Hillview School Multipurpose
Room.
Persons interested in more in
formation may contact Anthony
Lagorio at WH 8-8209 or Carole
Brost at WH 8-6907.
"Operation Abolition," the film
of the Un-American Activities
Committee riots in San Francisco
in May, will be shown this Thurs
day at a public meeting sponsored
by the Los Altos Young Republi
cans. The showing will be at the
Hillview School Multipurpose
Room.
Persons interested in more in
formation may contact Anthony
Lagorio at WH 8-8209 or Carole
Brost at WH 8-6907.
