# Know Your Indians
## 
### 
Pursell (No. 58, 199 lbs., 18-
year-oid sophomore from Car
rnichael) played most ly defense
for last year's frosh team. Hp
is currently running with the
"Blue" team in practice. It is
Hi is team that simulates Ihe
formations of Stanford's oppo
nents. His best asset is as a
linebacker. Major: engineering.
("Know Voiir Indians" appears T

DeWeese (No. 61, 210 lbs.,
6-0, 20-year-old senior from Los
Angeles i has been plagued by
injuries during His varsity ca
reer. Was a guard until fall
practice. Is currently knocking
heads with Protiva for right
tackle position. Is fast, strong
and quick. Good in pursuit.
Major: civil engineering,
uesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


!>OU<; PIKKEIJ
Center


ARMANI) DEWEESE
Tackle
