# Daily Member Writes for British Mag
## 
### 
Daily associate edit or Rich
Brown has written an article on
San Francisco Bay ferryboats for
the current issue of Sea Breezes,
British ship-lovers' magazine.
Brown, a graduate student in
journalism from Bakcrsfield, be
came fascinated by ferry and river
boats while living near the Sacra
mento River.
His article discusses the history
and demise of the proud Southern
Pacific fleet which plied local

waters for more than half a cen
tury. The last of this Heel, the
boats making the San Francisco-
Oakland run, will be discontinued
next year and replaced by buses.
Brown, who came to Stanford
as a junior transfer from Bakers
field College, has bren a member
of the Daily staff for two years,
lie is president of Sigma Delta
Chi, national professional jour
nalism fraternity.
Daily associate edit or Rich
Brown has written an article on
San Francisco Bay ferryboats for
the current issue of Sea Breezes,
British ship-lovers' magazine.
Brown, a graduate student in
journalism from Bakcrsfield, be
came fascinated by ferry and river
boats while living near the Sacra
mento River.
His article discusses the history
and demise of the proud Southern
Pacific fleet which plied local

waters for more than half a cen
tury. The last of this Heel, the
boats making the San Francisco-
Oakland run, will be discontinued
next year and replaced by buses.
Brown, who came to Stanford
as a junior transfer from Bakers
field College, has bren a member
of the Daily staff for two years,
lie is president of Sigma Delta
Chi, national professional jour
nalism fraternity.
Daily associate edit or Rich
Brown has written an article on
San Francisco Bay ferryboats for
the current issue of Sea Breezes,
British ship-lovers' magazine.
Brown, a graduate student in
journalism from Bakcrsfield, be
came fascinated by ferry and river
boats while living near the Sacra
mento River.
His article discusses the history
and demise of the proud Southern
Pacific fleet which plied local

waters for more than half a cen
tury. The last of this Heel, the
boats making the San Francisco-
Oakland run, will be discontinued
next year and replaced by buses.
Brown, who came to Stanford
as a junior transfer from Bakers
field College, has bren a member
of the Daily staff for two years,
lie is president of Sigma Delta
Chi, national professional jour
nalism fraternity.
Daily associate edit or Rich
Brown has written an article on
San Francisco Bay ferryboats for
the current issue of Sea Breezes,
British ship-lovers' magazine.
Brown, a graduate student in
journalism from Bakcrsfield, be
came fascinated by ferry and river
boats while living near the Sacra
mento River.
His article discusses the history
and demise of the proud Southern
Pacific fleet which plied local

waters for more than half a cen
tury. The last of this Heel, the
boats making the San Francisco-
Oakland run, will be discontinued
next year and replaced by buses.
Brown, who came to Stanford
as a junior transfer from Bakers
field College, has bren a member
of the Daily staff for two years,
lie is president of Sigma Delta
Chi, national professional jour
nalism fraternity.
Daily associate edit or Rich
Brown has written an article on
San Francisco Bay ferryboats for
the current issue of Sea Breezes,
British ship-lovers' magazine.
Brown, a graduate student in
journalism from Bakcrsfield, be
came fascinated by ferry and river
boats while living near the Sacra
mento River.
His article discusses the history
and demise of the proud Southern
Pacific fleet which plied local

waters for more than half a cen
tury. The last of this Heel, the
boats making the San Francisco-
Oakland run, will be discontinued
next year and replaced by buses.
Brown, who came to Stanford
as a junior transfer from Bakers
field College, has bren a member
of the Daily staff for two years,
lie is president of Sigma Delta
Chi, national professional jour
nalism fraternity.
Daily associate edit or Rich
Brown has written an article on
San Francisco Bay ferryboats for
the current issue of Sea Breezes,
British ship-lovers' magazine.
Brown, a graduate student in
journalism from Bakcrsfield, be
came fascinated by ferry and river
boats while living near the Sacra
mento River.
His article discusses the history
and demise of the proud Southern
Pacific fleet which plied local

waters for more than half a cen
tury. The last of this Heel, the
boats making the San Francisco-
Oakland run, will be discontinued
next year and replaced by buses.
Brown, who came to Stanford
as a junior transfer from Bakers
field College, has bren a member
of the Daily staff for two years,
lie is president of Sigma Delta
Chi, national professional jour
nalism fraternity.
Daily associate edit or Rich
Brown has written an article on
San Francisco Bay ferryboats for
the current issue of Sea Breezes,
British ship-lovers' magazine.
Brown, a graduate student in
journalism from Bakcrsfield, be
came fascinated by ferry and river
boats while living near the Sacra
mento River.
His article discusses the history
and demise of the proud Southern
Pacific fleet which plied local

waters for more than half a cen
tury. The last of this Heel, the
boats making the San Francisco-
Oakland run, will be discontinued
next year and replaced by buses.
Brown, who came to Stanford
as a junior transfer from Bakers
field College, has bren a member
of the Daily staff for two years,
lie is president of Sigma Delta
Chi, national professional jour
nalism fraternity.
Daily associate edit or Rich
Brown has written an article on
San Francisco Bay ferryboats for
the current issue of Sea Breezes,
British ship-lovers' magazine.
Brown, a graduate student in
journalism from Bakcrsfield, be
came fascinated by ferry and river
boats while living near the Sacra
mento River.
His article discusses the history
and demise of the proud Southern
Pacific fleet which plied local

waters for more than half a cen
tury. The last of this Heel, the
boats making the San Francisco-
Oakland run, will be discontinued
next year and replaced by buses.
Brown, who came to Stanford
as a junior transfer from Bakers
field College, has bren a member
of the Daily staff for two years,
lie is president of Sigma Delta
Chi, national professional jour
nalism fraternity.
Daily associate edit or Rich
Brown has written an article on
San Francisco Bay ferryboats for
the current issue of Sea Breezes,
British ship-lovers' magazine.
Brown, a graduate student in
journalism from Bakcrsfield, be
came fascinated by ferry and river
boats while living near the Sacra
mento River.
His article discusses the history
and demise of the proud Southern
Pacific fleet which plied local

waters for more than half a cen
tury. The last of this Heel, the
boats making the San Francisco-
Oakland run, will be discontinued
next year and replaced by buses.
Brown, who came to Stanford
as a junior transfer from Bakers
field College, has bren a member
of the Daily staff for two years,
lie is president of Sigma Delta
Chi, national professional jour
nalism fraternity.
Daily associate edit or Rich
Brown has written an article on
San Francisco Bay ferryboats for
the current issue of Sea Breezes,
British ship-lovers' magazine.
Brown, a graduate student in
journalism from Bakcrsfield, be
came fascinated by ferry and river
boats while living near the Sacra
mento River.
His article discusses the history
and demise of the proud Southern
Pacific fleet which plied local

waters for more than half a cen
tury. The last of this Heel, the
boats making the San Francisco-
Oakland run, will be discontinued
next year and replaced by buses.
Brown, who came to Stanford
as a junior transfer from Bakers
field College, has bren a member
of the Daily staff for two years,
lie is president of Sigma Delta
Chi, national professional jour
nalism fraternity.
Daily associate edit or Rich
Brown has written an article on
San Francisco Bay ferryboats for
the current issue of Sea Breezes,
British ship-lovers' magazine.
Brown, a graduate student in
journalism from Bakcrsfield, be
came fascinated by ferry and river
boats while living near the Sacra
mento River.
His article discusses the history
and demise of the proud Southern
Pacific fleet which plied local

waters for more than half a cen
tury. The last of this Heel, the
boats making the San Francisco-
Oakland run, will be discontinued
next year and replaced by buses.
Brown, who came to Stanford
as a junior transfer from Bakers
field College, has bren a member
of the Daily staff for two years,
lie is president of Sigma Delta
Chi, national professional jour
nalism fraternity.
Daily associate edit or Rich
Brown has written an article on
San Francisco Bay ferryboats for
the current issue of Sea Breezes,
British ship-lovers' magazine.
Brown, a graduate student in
journalism from Bakcrsfield, be
came fascinated by ferry and river
boats while living near the Sacra
mento River.
His article discusses the history
and demise of the proud Southern
Pacific fleet which plied local

waters for more than half a cen
tury. The last of this Heel, the
boats making the San Francisco-
Oakland run, will be discontinued
next year and replaced by buses.
Brown, who came to Stanford
as a junior transfer from Bakers
field College, has bren a member
of the Daily staff for two years,
lie is president of Sigma Delta
Chi, national professional jour
nalism fraternity.
Daily associate edit or Rich
Brown has written an article on
San Francisco Bay ferryboats for
the current issue of Sea Breezes,
British ship-lovers' magazine.
Brown, a graduate student in
journalism from Bakcrsfield, be
came fascinated by ferry and river
boats while living near the Sacra
mento River.
His article discusses the history
and demise of the proud Southern
Pacific fleet which plied local

waters for more than half a cen
tury. The last of this Heel, the
boats making the San Francisco-
Oakland run, will be discontinued
next year and replaced by buses.
Brown, who came to Stanford
as a junior transfer from Bakers
field College, has bren a member
of the Daily staff for two years,
lie is president of Sigma Delta
Chi, national professional jour
nalism fraternity.
Daily associate edit or Rich
Brown has written an article on
San Francisco Bay ferryboats for
the current issue of Sea Breezes,
British ship-lovers' magazine.
Brown, a graduate student in
journalism from Bakcrsfield, be
came fascinated by ferry and river
boats while living near the Sacra
mento River.
His article discusses the history
and demise of the proud Southern
Pacific fleet which plied local

waters for more than half a cen
tury. The last of this Heel, the
boats making the San Francisco-
Oakland run, will be discontinued
next year and replaced by buses.
Brown, who came to Stanford
as a junior transfer from Bakers
field College, has bren a member
of the Daily staff for two years,
lie is president of Sigma Delta
Chi, national professional jour
nalism fraternity.
Daily associate edit or Rich
Brown has written an article on
San Francisco Bay ferryboats for
the current issue of Sea Breezes,
British ship-lovers' magazine.
Brown, a graduate student in
journalism from Bakcrsfield, be
came fascinated by ferry and river
boats while living near the Sacra
mento River.
His article discusses the history
and demise of the proud Southern
Pacific fleet which plied local

waters for more than half a cen
tury. The last of this Heel, the
boats making the San Francisco-
Oakland run, will be discontinued
next year and replaced by buses.
Brown, who came to Stanford
as a junior transfer from Bakers
field College, has bren a member
of the Daily staff for two years,
lie is president of Sigma Delta
Chi, national professional jour
nalism fraternity.
Daily associate edit or Rich
Brown has written an article on
San Francisco Bay ferryboats for
the current issue of Sea Breezes,
British ship-lovers' magazine.
Brown, a graduate student in
journalism from Bakcrsfield, be
came fascinated by ferry and river
boats while living near the Sacra
mento River.
His article discusses the history
and demise of the proud Southern
Pacific fleet which plied local

waters for more than half a cen
tury. The last of this Heel, the
boats making the San Francisco-
Oakland run, will be discontinued
next year and replaced by buses.
Brown, who came to Stanford
as a junior transfer from Bakers
field College, has bren a member
of the Daily staff for two years,
lie is president of Sigma Delta
Chi, national professional jour
nalism fraternity.
