# Prof Will Give Socialist View Of 'Point Four'
## 
### 
Professor Paul Baran will dis
cuss "A Socialist Alternative to
Point Four" tomorrow at 4:15
p.m. at Bowman Alumni House.
Sponsoring the meeting is the
Independent Caucus of the Po
litical Union. A question period
will follow the talk.
Profesor Baran joined the Stan
ford faculty in 1949. He was pre
viously asociated with the Fed
eral Reserve Bank of New York.
During the war he served in the
Office of Strategic Services and
in the Strategic Bombing Survey
in Europe and the Pacific.
His book, "The Political Econ
omy of Growth," has been re
cently published. He is also the
author of several other works
pertaining to problems of eco
nomic development.
