# Election Com Gets Added Nomination
## 
### 
One candidate has been cleared
through the Elections Commission
office for a write-in nomination.
He is Jim Seeley, who is running
for Men's Council.
Primary elections are to be run
tomorrow and Thursday. At that
time all positions will be narrow
er! down to two candidates for
each office. The final elections
will be run Tuesday and Wednes
day, Nov. 5-6.
One candidate has been cleared
through the Elections Commission
office for a write-in nomination.
He is Jim Seeley, who is running
for Men's Council.
Primary elections are to be run
tomorrow and Thursday. At that
time all positions will be narrow
er! down to two candidates for
each office. The final elections
will be run Tuesday and Wednes
day, Nov. 5-6.
One candidate has been cleared
through the Elections Commission
office for a write-in nomination.
He is Jim Seeley, who is running
for Men's Council.
Primary elections are to be run
tomorrow and Thursday. At that
time all positions will be narrow
er! down to two candidates for
each office. The final elections
will be run Tuesday and Wednes
day, Nov. 5-6.
One candidate has been cleared
through the Elections Commission
office for a write-in nomination.
He is Jim Seeley, who is running
for Men's Council.
Primary elections are to be run
tomorrow and Thursday. At that
time all positions will be narrow
er! down to two candidates for
each office. The final elections
will be run Tuesday and Wednes
day, Nov. 5-6.
One candidate has been cleared
through the Elections Commission
office for a write-in nomination.
He is Jim Seeley, who is running
for Men's Council.
Primary elections are to be run
tomorrow and Thursday. At that
time all positions will be narrow
er! down to two candidates for
each office. The final elections
will be run Tuesday and Wednes
day, Nov. 5-6.
One candidate has been cleared
through the Elections Commission
office for a write-in nomination.
He is Jim Seeley, who is running
for Men's Council.
Primary elections are to be run
tomorrow and Thursday. At that
time all positions will be narrow
er! down to two candidates for
each office. The final elections
will be run Tuesday and Wednes
day, Nov. 5-6.
One candidate has been cleared
through the Elections Commission
office for a write-in nomination.
He is Jim Seeley, who is running
for Men's Council.
Primary elections are to be run
tomorrow and Thursday. At that
time all positions will be narrow
er! down to two candidates for
each office. The final elections
will be run Tuesday and Wednes
day, Nov. 5-6.
One candidate has been cleared
through the Elections Commission
office for a write-in nomination.
He is Jim Seeley, who is running
for Men's Council.
Primary elections are to be run
tomorrow and Thursday. At that
time all positions will be narrow
er! down to two candidates for
each office. The final elections
will be run Tuesday and Wednes
day, Nov. 5-6.
One candidate has been cleared
through the Elections Commission
office for a write-in nomination.
He is Jim Seeley, who is running
for Men's Council.
Primary elections are to be run
tomorrow and Thursday. At that
time all positions will be narrow
er! down to two candidates for
each office. The final elections
will be run Tuesday and Wednes
day, Nov. 5-6.
One candidate has been cleared
through the Elections Commission
office for a write-in nomination.
He is Jim Seeley, who is running
for Men's Council.
Primary elections are to be run
tomorrow and Thursday. At that
time all positions will be narrow
er! down to two candidates for
each office. The final elections
will be run Tuesday and Wednes
day, Nov. 5-6.
One candidate has been cleared
through the Elections Commission
office for a write-in nomination.
He is Jim Seeley, who is running
for Men's Council.
Primary elections are to be run
tomorrow and Thursday. At that
time all positions will be narrow
er! down to two candidates for
each office. The final elections
will be run Tuesday and Wednes
day, Nov. 5-6.
One candidate has been cleared
through the Elections Commission
office for a write-in nomination.
He is Jim Seeley, who is running
for Men's Council.
Primary elections are to be run
tomorrow and Thursday. At that
time all positions will be narrow
er! down to two candidates for
each office. The final elections
will be run Tuesday and Wednes
day, Nov. 5-6.
One candidate has been cleared
through the Elections Commission
office for a write-in nomination.
He is Jim Seeley, who is running
for Men's Council.
Primary elections are to be run
tomorrow and Thursday. At that
time all positions will be narrow
er! down to two candidates for
each office. The final elections
will be run Tuesday and Wednes
day, Nov. 5-6.
One candidate has been cleared
through the Elections Commission
office for a write-in nomination.
He is Jim Seeley, who is running
for Men's Council.
Primary elections are to be run
tomorrow and Thursday. At that
time all positions will be narrow
er! down to two candidates for
each office. The final elections
will be run Tuesday and Wednes
day, Nov. 5-6.
One candidate has been cleared
through the Elections Commission
office for a write-in nomination.
He is Jim Seeley, who is running
for Men's Council.
Primary elections are to be run
tomorrow and Thursday. At that
time all positions will be narrow
er! down to two candidates for
each office. The final elections
will be run Tuesday and Wednes
day, Nov. 5-6.
One candidate has been cleared
through the Elections Commission
office for a write-in nomination.
He is Jim Seeley, who is running
for Men's Council.
Primary elections are to be run
tomorrow and Thursday. At that
time all positions will be narrow
er! down to two candidates for
each office. The final elections
will be run Tuesday and Wednes
day, Nov. 5-6.
