# Untitled Article
## 
### 

High scoring forward JOHNNY
STANICII captains Che UCLA
Bruins, who will he hosts to Stan
ford's cagers in Los Angeles to
morrow night. Johnny leads the
Bruin attack with 10!) points in
noil-conference play.

High scoring forward JOHNNY
STANICII captains Che UCLA
Bruins, who will he hosts to Stan
ford's cagers in Los Angeles to
morrow night. Johnny leads the
Bruin attack with 10!) points in
noil-conference play.

High scoring forward JOHNNY
STANICII captains Che UCLA
Bruins, who will he hosts to Stan
ford's cagers in Los Angeles to
morrow night. Johnny leads the
Bruin attack with 10!) points in
noil-conference play.

High scoring forward JOHNNY
STANICII captains Che UCLA
Bruins, who will he hosts to Stan
ford's cagers in Los Angeles to
morrow night. Johnny leads the
Bruin attack with 10!) points in
noil-conference play.

High scoring forward JOHNNY
STANICII captains Che UCLA
Bruins, who will he hosts to Stan
ford's cagers in Los Angeles to
morrow night. Johnny leads the
Bruin attack with 10!) points in
noil-conference play.

High scoring forward JOHNNY
STANICII captains Che UCLA
Bruins, who will he hosts to Stan
ford's cagers in Los Angeles to
morrow night. Johnny leads the
Bruin attack with 10!) points in
noil-conference play.

High scoring forward JOHNNY
STANICII captains Che UCLA
Bruins, who will he hosts to Stan
ford's cagers in Los Angeles to
morrow night. Johnny leads the
Bruin attack with 10!) points in
noil-conference play.

High scoring forward JOHNNY
STANICII captains Che UCLA
Bruins, who will he hosts to Stan
ford's cagers in Los Angeles to
morrow night. Johnny leads the
Bruin attack with 10!) points in
noil-conference play.

High scoring forward JOHNNY
STANICII captains Che UCLA
Bruins, who will he hosts to Stan
ford's cagers in Los Angeles to
morrow night. Johnny leads the
Bruin attack with 10!) points in
noil-conference play.

High scoring forward JOHNNY
STANICII captains Che UCLA
Bruins, who will he hosts to Stan
ford's cagers in Los Angeles to
morrow night. Johnny leads the
Bruin attack with 10!) points in
noil-conference play.

High scoring forward JOHNNY
STANICII captains Che UCLA
Bruins, who will he hosts to Stan
ford's cagers in Los Angeles to
morrow night. Johnny leads the
Bruin attack with 10!) points in
noil-conference play.

High scoring forward JOHNNY
STANICII captains Che UCLA
Bruins, who will he hosts to Stan
ford's cagers in Los Angeles to
morrow night. Johnny leads the
Bruin attack with 10!) points in
noil-conference play.

High scoring forward JOHNNY
STANICII captains Che UCLA
Bruins, who will he hosts to Stan
ford's cagers in Los Angeles to
morrow night. Johnny leads the
Bruin attack with 10!) points in
noil-conference play.

High scoring forward JOHNNY
STANICII captains Che UCLA
Bruins, who will he hosts to Stan
ford's cagers in Los Angeles to
morrow night. Johnny leads the
Bruin attack with 10!) points in
noil-conference play.

High scoring forward JOHNNY
STANICII captains Che UCLA
Bruins, who will he hosts to Stan
ford's cagers in Los Angeles to
morrow night. Johnny leads the
Bruin attack with 10!) points in
noil-conference play.
