# Purushotam Rao Telang of India Will Lecture Next Tuesday.
## 
### 
The next regular Tuesday evening
lecture will be yiven by Mr. Purusho
tam Rao Telang of Bombay, India, on
"The Manners and Customs of Tridia."
Mr. Telang is a finely educated Brah
min of the highest cast. During his
stay in the United States he is making
a study of American affairs. He has
recently arrived from Chicago and will
remain in San Francisco during the
Midwinter Fair. He is a very profi
cient Sanscrit scholar. A book on the
"World's Fair and America in General"
has recently been writteu by him, Mr.
Telang appeared in the quad today in
his native costume.
The next regular Tuesday evening
lecture will be yiven by Mr. Purusho
tam Rao Telang of Bombay, India, on
"The Manners and Customs of Tridia."
Mr. Telang is a finely educated Brah
min of the highest cast. During his
stay in the United States he is making
a study of American affairs. He has
recently arrived from Chicago and will
remain in San Francisco during the
Midwinter Fair. He is a very profi
cient Sanscrit scholar. A book on the
"World's Fair and America in General"
has recently been writteu by him, Mr.
Telang appeared in the quad today in
his native costume.
