# Communication.
## 
### 
To the editor of the Daily Palo Alto:
Sir:—ls it not possible, in some way,
to escape "The Stanford Quad" —not
the thing iti-elf, but the name? Is the
University to be afflicted with a publi
cation having this abominable abbrevia
tion on the title page? The mutilation
of a pood English word is not an evi
dence of culture; it is offensive even
in private conversation, and when put
in print it proclaims to the world our
childishness and out bad taste. If the
bright juniors must have a title, why
not simply ''The Quadrangle?" .1. E.
[Afflicted, offensive, bad taste, and
childishness are rather strong terms of
denunciation of the deliberate action of
those chosen by the Junior class for
the production of an annual and the
selection of a name. For means of
escape we would refer the writer to the
board of editors of the Stanford Quad.
—Editor ]
To the editor of the Daily Palo Alto:
Sir:—ls it not possible, in some way,
to escape "The Stanford Quad" —not
the thing iti-elf, but the name? Is the
University to be afflicted with a publi
cation having this abominable abbrevia
tion on the title page? The mutilation
of a pood English word is not an evi
dence of culture; it is offensive even
in private conversation, and when put
in print it proclaims to the world our
childishness and out bad taste. If the
bright juniors must have a title, why
not simply ''The Quadrangle?" .1. E.
[Afflicted, offensive, bad taste, and
childishness are rather strong terms of
denunciation of the deliberate action of
those chosen by the Junior class for
the production of an annual and the
selection of a name. For means of
escape we would refer the writer to the
board of editors of the Stanford Quad.
—Editor ]
