# Adv. 18 Page 4
## 
### 
FOR SALE
FOR SALE—Buick touring, master
six, $80.00. Apply by letter. P.O.
Box 2093, Campus.
FOR SALE—I 923 Reo touring car.
Excellent running condition. Good
tires. Bargain for immediate sale.
P.A. 4888.
MISCELLANEOUS
HARPER METHOD * Scientific
treatment of scalp and hair. Finger
waving, manicuring. Gentlemen's
treatments a specialty. Phone
21431. 332 Everett.
BIG GAME RESERVATION'S
your reservations now at the Bar
ker Hotel, 439 Emerson St., for
suites, and rooms with or without
bath. Rooms available for the
U.S.C. Game.
HOBART CHENOWETH, Licensed
Contractor. Specializing in re
modeling homes, stores, offices,
and garages. Phone P.A. 21516.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 21. (ZP) •
George Lott, Jr., of Chicago, a mem
ber of the United States Davis Cup
team last season, will enter the
brokerage business in this city.
