# Adv. 9 Page 3
## 
### 
<—— ——
THIS COUPON
and 25c entitles you and a partner
to a round of golf
AT THE
JACLEN COLFUN
WAVERLEY ST.. SOl'TIl OF UNIVERSITY
<—— ——
THIS COUPON
and 25c entitles you and a partner
to a round of golf
AT THE
JACLEN COLFUN
WAVERLEY ST.. SOl'TIl OF UNIVERSITY
<—— ——
THIS COUPON
and 25c entitles you and a partner
to a round of golf
AT THE
JACLEN COLFUN
WAVERLEY ST.. SOl'TIl OF UNIVERSITY
<—— ——
THIS COUPON
and 25c entitles you and a partner
to a round of golf
AT THE
JACLEN COLFUN
WAVERLEY ST.. SOl'TIl OF UNIVERSITY
<—— ——
THIS COUPON
and 25c entitles you and a partner
to a round of golf
AT THE
JACLEN COLFUN
WAVERLEY ST.. SOl'TIl OF UNIVERSITY
<—— ——
THIS COUPON
and 25c entitles you and a partner
to a round of golf
AT THE
JACLEN COLFUN
WAVERLEY ST.. SOl'TIl OF UNIVERSITY
<—— ——
THIS COUPON
and 25c entitles you and a partner
to a round of golf
AT THE
JACLEN COLFUN
WAVERLEY ST.. SOl'TIl OF UNIVERSITY
<—— ——
THIS COUPON
and 25c entitles you and a partner
to a round of golf
AT THE
JACLEN COLFUN
WAVERLEY ST.. SOl'TIl OF UNIVERSITY
<—— ——
THIS COUPON
and 25c entitles you and a partner
to a round of golf
AT THE
JACLEN COLFUN
WAVERLEY ST.. SOl'TIl OF UNIVERSITY
<—— ——
THIS COUPON
and 25c entitles you and a partner
to a round of golf
AT THE
JACLEN COLFUN
WAVERLEY ST.. SOl'TIl OF UNIVERSITY
<—— ——
THIS COUPON
and 25c entitles you and a partner
to a round of golf
AT THE
JACLEN COLFUN
WAVERLEY ST.. SOl'TIl OF UNIVERSITY
<—— ——
THIS COUPON
and 25c entitles you and a partner
to a round of golf
AT THE
JACLEN COLFUN
WAVERLEY ST.. SOl'TIl OF UNIVERSITY
<—— ——
THIS COUPON
and 25c entitles you and a partner
to a round of golf
AT THE
JACLEN COLFUN
WAVERLEY ST.. SOl'TIl OF UNIVERSITY
<—— ——
THIS COUPON
and 25c entitles you and a partner
to a round of golf
AT THE
JACLEN COLFUN
WAVERLEY ST.. SOl'TIl OF UNIVERSITY
<—— ——
THIS COUPON
and 25c entitles you and a partner
to a round of golf
AT THE
JACLEN COLFUN
WAVERLEY ST.. SOl'TIl OF UNIVERSITY
<—— ——
THIS COUPON
and 25c entitles you and a partner
to a round of golf
AT THE
JACLEN COLFUN
WAVERLEY ST.. SOl'TIl OF UNIVERSITY
<—— ——
THIS COUPON
and 25c entitles you and a partner
to a round of golf
AT THE
JACLEN COLFUN
WAVERLEY ST.. SOl'TIl OF UNIVERSITY
