# MEAT SHOPS PASS
## 
### 
CHICAGO, Oct. 21. UP)—'The In
stitute of American Meat Packers
was told today that the disappear
ance of the old-fashioned butcher
shop with its cleavers, saws, chop
ping blocks, and sawdust is "but a
question of time."
CHICAGO, Oct. 21. UP)—'The In
stitute of American Meat Packers
was told today that the disappear
ance of the old-fashioned butcher
shop with its cleavers, saws, chop
ping blocks, and sawdust is "but a
question of time."
CHICAGO, Oct. 21. UP)—'The In
stitute of American Meat Packers
was told today that the disappear
ance of the old-fashioned butcher
shop with its cleavers, saws, chop
ping blocks, and sawdust is "but a
question of time."
CHICAGO, Oct. 21. UP)—'The In
stitute of American Meat Packers
was told today that the disappear
ance of the old-fashioned butcher
shop with its cleavers, saws, chop
ping blocks, and sawdust is "but a
question of time."
CHICAGO, Oct. 21. UP)—'The In
stitute of American Meat Packers
was told today that the disappear
ance of the old-fashioned butcher
shop with its cleavers, saws, chop
ping blocks, and sawdust is "but a
question of time."
CHICAGO, Oct. 21. UP)—'The In
stitute of American Meat Packers
was told today that the disappear
ance of the old-fashioned butcher
shop with its cleavers, saws, chop
ping blocks, and sawdust is "but a
question of time."
CHICAGO, Oct. 21. UP)—'The In
stitute of American Meat Packers
was told today that the disappear
ance of the old-fashioned butcher
shop with its cleavers, saws, chop
ping blocks, and sawdust is "but a
question of time."
CHICAGO, Oct. 21. UP)—'The In
stitute of American Meat Packers
was told today that the disappear
ance of the old-fashioned butcher
shop with its cleavers, saws, chop
ping blocks, and sawdust is "but a
question of time."
CHICAGO, Oct. 21. UP)—'The In
stitute of American Meat Packers
was told today that the disappear
ance of the old-fashioned butcher
shop with its cleavers, saws, chop
ping blocks, and sawdust is "but a
question of time."
CHICAGO, Oct. 21. UP)—'The In
stitute of American Meat Packers
was told today that the disappear
ance of the old-fashioned butcher
shop with its cleavers, saws, chop
ping blocks, and sawdust is "but a
question of time."
CHICAGO, Oct. 21. UP)—'The In
stitute of American Meat Packers
was told today that the disappear
ance of the old-fashioned butcher
shop with its cleavers, saws, chop
ping blocks, and sawdust is "but a
question of time."
CHICAGO, Oct. 21. UP)—'The In
stitute of American Meat Packers
was told today that the disappear
ance of the old-fashioned butcher
shop with its cleavers, saws, chop
ping blocks, and sawdust is "but a
question of time."
CHICAGO, Oct. 21. UP)—'The In
stitute of American Meat Packers
was told today that the disappear
ance of the old-fashioned butcher
shop with its cleavers, saws, chop
ping blocks, and sawdust is "but a
question of time."
CHICAGO, Oct. 21. UP)—'The In
stitute of American Meat Packers
was told today that the disappear
ance of the old-fashioned butcher
shop with its cleavers, saws, chop
ping blocks, and sawdust is "but a
question of time."
CHICAGO, Oct. 21. UP)—'The In
stitute of American Meat Packers
was told today that the disappear
ance of the old-fashioned butcher
shop with its cleavers, saws, chop
ping blocks, and sawdust is "but a
question of time."
CHICAGO, Oct. 21. UP)—'The In
stitute of American Meat Packers
was told today that the disappear
ance of the old-fashioned butcher
shop with its cleavers, saws, chop
ping blocks, and sawdust is "but a
question of time."
CHICAGO, Oct. 21. UP)—'The In
stitute of American Meat Packers
was told today that the disappear
ance of the old-fashioned butcher
shop with its cleavers, saws, chop
ping blocks, and sawdust is "but a
question of time."
