# STANFORD RECEIVES GIFT OF BOOKS ON POLITICAL SCIENCE
## 
### 
Yale University, through its Uni
versity Press, has presented to the
Stanford Department of Political
Science sixty-two volumes of its re
cent publications in the fields of
government and international rela
tions, according to announcement
made by the department yesterday.
These volumes were given in mem
ory of the services in the political
science field of two leading Yale
graduates—William Howard Taft,
ihe nation's former president and
chief justice, and Arthur Twining
Iladley, former president of Yale.
The collection of volumes, which
constitutes a fitting memorial to
lho.se two men, will be placed in
the West Memorial Library of the
Political Science Department, mak
ing a very valuable addition to the
department's literature. The books
will be available to students study
ing in the fields of government and
international relations.
The collection includes the pub
lication of many of the more im
portant questions which have been
discussed at the Williamstown In
titule of Politics. A series entitled
Economic and Social History of the
World War" contains studies in the
war problems facing America,
P'ranee, Austria, Russia, Japan, and
he Netherlands. There are also
niscellaneous volumes dealing with
he theory of the state, origins and
backgrounds of the war, economic
conditions, and progress of recent
political uprisings in China and
Russia.
Yale University, through its Uni
versity Press, has presented to the
Stanford Department of Political
Science sixty-two volumes of its re
cent publications in the fields of
government and international rela
tions, according to announcement
made by the department yesterday.
These volumes were given in mem
ory of the services in the political
science field of two leading Yale
graduates—William Howard Taft,
ihe nation's former president and
chief justice, and Arthur Twining
Iladley, former president of Yale.
The collection of volumes, which
constitutes a fitting memorial to
lho.se two men, will be placed in
the West Memorial Library of the
Political Science Department, mak
ing a very valuable addition to the
department's literature. The books
will be available to students study
ing in the fields of government and
international relations.
The collection includes the pub
lication of many of the more im
portant questions which have been
discussed at the Williamstown In
titule of Politics. A series entitled
Economic and Social History of the
World War" contains studies in the
war problems facing America,
P'ranee, Austria, Russia, Japan, and
he Netherlands. There are also
niscellaneous volumes dealing with
he theory of the state, origins and
backgrounds of the war, economic
conditions, and progress of recent
political uprisings in China and
Russia.
Yale University, through its Uni
versity Press, has presented to the
Stanford Department of Political
Science sixty-two volumes of its re
cent publications in the fields of
government and international rela
tions, according to announcement
made by the department yesterday.
These volumes were given in mem
ory of the services in the political
science field of two leading Yale
graduates—William Howard Taft,
ihe nation's former president and
chief justice, and Arthur Twining
Iladley, former president of Yale.
The collection of volumes, which
constitutes a fitting memorial to
lho.se two men, will be placed in
the West Memorial Library of the
Political Science Department, mak
ing a very valuable addition to the
department's literature. The books
will be available to students study
ing in the fields of government and
international relations.
The collection includes the pub
lication of many of the more im
portant questions which have been
discussed at the Williamstown In
titule of Politics. A series entitled
Economic and Social History of the
World War" contains studies in the
war problems facing America,
P'ranee, Austria, Russia, Japan, and
he Netherlands. There are also
niscellaneous volumes dealing with
he theory of the state, origins and
backgrounds of the war, economic
conditions, and progress of recent
political uprisings in China and
Russia.
Yale University, through its Uni
versity Press, has presented to the
Stanford Department of Political
Science sixty-two volumes of its re
cent publications in the fields of
government and international rela
tions, according to announcement
made by the department yesterday.
These volumes were given in mem
ory of the services in the political
science field of two leading Yale
graduates—William Howard Taft,
ihe nation's former president and
chief justice, and Arthur Twining
Iladley, former president of Yale.
The collection of volumes, which
constitutes a fitting memorial to
lho.se two men, will be placed in
the West Memorial Library of the
Political Science Department, mak
ing a very valuable addition to the
department's literature. The books
will be available to students study
ing in the fields of government and
international relations.
The collection includes the pub
lication of many of the more im
portant questions which have been
discussed at the Williamstown In
titule of Politics. A series entitled
Economic and Social History of the
World War" contains studies in the
war problems facing America,
P'ranee, Austria, Russia, Japan, and
he Netherlands. There are also
niscellaneous volumes dealing with
he theory of the state, origins and
backgrounds of the war, economic
conditions, and progress of recent
political uprisings in China and
Russia.
Yale University, through its Uni
versity Press, has presented to the
Stanford Department of Political
Science sixty-two volumes of its re
cent publications in the fields of
government and international rela
tions, according to announcement
made by the department yesterday.
These volumes were given in mem
ory of the services in the political
science field of two leading Yale
graduates—William Howard Taft,
ihe nation's former president and
chief justice, and Arthur Twining
Iladley, former president of Yale.
The collection of volumes, which
constitutes a fitting memorial to
lho.se two men, will be placed in
the West Memorial Library of the
Political Science Department, mak
ing a very valuable addition to the
department's literature. The books
will be available to students study
ing in the fields of government and
international relations.
The collection includes the pub
lication of many of the more im
portant questions which have been
discussed at the Williamstown In
titule of Politics. A series entitled
Economic and Social History of the
World War" contains studies in the
war problems facing America,
P'ranee, Austria, Russia, Japan, and
he Netherlands. There are also
niscellaneous volumes dealing with
he theory of the state, origins and
backgrounds of the war, economic
conditions, and progress of recent
political uprisings in China and
Russia.
Yale University, through its Uni
versity Press, has presented to the
Stanford Department of Political
Science sixty-two volumes of its re
cent publications in the fields of
government and international rela
tions, according to announcement
made by the department yesterday.
These volumes were given in mem
ory of the services in the political
science field of two leading Yale
graduates—William Howard Taft,
ihe nation's former president and
chief justice, and Arthur Twining
Iladley, former president of Yale.
The collection of volumes, which
constitutes a fitting memorial to
lho.se two men, will be placed in
the West Memorial Library of the
Political Science Department, mak
ing a very valuable addition to the
department's literature. The books
will be available to students study
ing in the fields of government and
international relations.
The collection includes the pub
lication of many of the more im
portant questions which have been
discussed at the Williamstown In
titule of Politics. A series entitled
Economic and Social History of the
World War" contains studies in the
war problems facing America,
P'ranee, Austria, Russia, Japan, and
he Netherlands. There are also
niscellaneous volumes dealing with
he theory of the state, origins and
backgrounds of the war, economic
conditions, and progress of recent
political uprisings in China and
Russia.
Yale University, through its Uni
versity Press, has presented to the
Stanford Department of Political
Science sixty-two volumes of its re
cent publications in the fields of
government and international rela
tions, according to announcement
made by the department yesterday.
These volumes were given in mem
ory of the services in the political
science field of two leading Yale
graduates—William Howard Taft,
ihe nation's former president and
chief justice, and Arthur Twining
Iladley, former president of Yale.
The collection of volumes, which
constitutes a fitting memorial to
lho.se two men, will be placed in
the West Memorial Library of the
Political Science Department, mak
ing a very valuable addition to the
department's literature. The books
will be available to students study
ing in the fields of government and
international relations.
The collection includes the pub
lication of many of the more im
portant questions which have been
discussed at the Williamstown In
titule of Politics. A series entitled
Economic and Social History of the
World War" contains studies in the
war problems facing America,
P'ranee, Austria, Russia, Japan, and
he Netherlands. There are also
niscellaneous volumes dealing with
he theory of the state, origins and
backgrounds of the war, economic
conditions, and progress of recent
political uprisings in China and
Russia.
Yale University, through its Uni
versity Press, has presented to the
Stanford Department of Political
Science sixty-two volumes of its re
cent publications in the fields of
government and international rela
tions, according to announcement
made by the department yesterday.
These volumes were given in mem
ory of the services in the political
science field of two leading Yale
graduates—William Howard Taft,
ihe nation's former president and
chief justice, and Arthur Twining
Iladley, former president of Yale.
The collection of volumes, which
constitutes a fitting memorial to
lho.se two men, will be placed in
the West Memorial Library of the
Political Science Department, mak
ing a very valuable addition to the
department's literature. The books
will be available to students study
ing in the fields of government and
international relations.
The collection includes the pub
lication of many of the more im
portant questions which have been
discussed at the Williamstown In
titule of Politics. A series entitled
Economic and Social History of the
World War" contains studies in the
war problems facing America,
P'ranee, Austria, Russia, Japan, and
he Netherlands. There are also
niscellaneous volumes dealing with
he theory of the state, origins and
backgrounds of the war, economic
conditions, and progress of recent
political uprisings in China and
Russia.
Yale University, through its Uni
versity Press, has presented to the
Stanford Department of Political
Science sixty-two volumes of its re
cent publications in the fields of
government and international rela
tions, according to announcement
made by the department yesterday.
These volumes were given in mem
ory of the services in the political
science field of two leading Yale
graduates—William Howard Taft,
ihe nation's former president and
chief justice, and Arthur Twining
Iladley, former president of Yale.
The collection of volumes, which
constitutes a fitting memorial to
lho.se two men, will be placed in
the West Memorial Library of the
Political Science Department, mak
ing a very valuable addition to the
department's literature. The books
will be available to students study
ing in the fields of government and
international relations.
The collection includes the pub
lication of many of the more im
portant questions which have been
discussed at the Williamstown In
titule of Politics. A series entitled
Economic and Social History of the
World War" contains studies in the
war problems facing America,
P'ranee, Austria, Russia, Japan, and
he Netherlands. There are also
niscellaneous volumes dealing with
he theory of the state, origins and
backgrounds of the war, economic
conditions, and progress of recent
political uprisings in China and
Russia.
Yale University, through its Uni
versity Press, has presented to the
Stanford Department of Political
Science sixty-two volumes of its re
cent publications in the fields of
government and international rela
tions, according to announcement
made by the department yesterday.
These volumes were given in mem
ory of the services in the political
science field of two leading Yale
graduates—William Howard Taft,
ihe nation's former president and
chief justice, and Arthur Twining
Iladley, former president of Yale.
The collection of volumes, which
constitutes a fitting memorial to
lho.se two men, will be placed in
the West Memorial Library of the
Political Science Department, mak
ing a very valuable addition to the
department's literature. The books
will be available to students study
ing in the fields of government and
international relations.
The collection includes the pub
lication of many of the more im
portant questions which have been
discussed at the Williamstown In
titule of Politics. A series entitled
Economic and Social History of the
World War" contains studies in the
war problems facing America,
P'ranee, Austria, Russia, Japan, and
he Netherlands. There are also
niscellaneous volumes dealing with
he theory of the state, origins and
backgrounds of the war, economic
conditions, and progress of recent
political uprisings in China and
Russia.
Yale University, through its Uni
versity Press, has presented to the
Stanford Department of Political
Science sixty-two volumes of its re
cent publications in the fields of
government and international rela
tions, according to announcement
made by the department yesterday.
These volumes were given in mem
ory of the services in the political
science field of two leading Yale
graduates—William Howard Taft,
ihe nation's former president and
chief justice, and Arthur Twining
Iladley, former president of Yale.
The collection of volumes, which
constitutes a fitting memorial to
lho.se two men, will be placed in
the West Memorial Library of the
Political Science Department, mak
ing a very valuable addition to the
department's literature. The books
will be available to students study
ing in the fields of government and
international relations.
The collection includes the pub
lication of many of the more im
portant questions which have been
discussed at the Williamstown In
titule of Politics. A series entitled
Economic and Social History of the
World War" contains studies in the
war problems facing America,
P'ranee, Austria, Russia, Japan, and
he Netherlands. There are also
niscellaneous volumes dealing with
he theory of the state, origins and
backgrounds of the war, economic
conditions, and progress of recent
political uprisings in China and
Russia.
Yale University, through its Uni
versity Press, has presented to the
Stanford Department of Political
Science sixty-two volumes of its re
cent publications in the fields of
government and international rela
tions, according to announcement
made by the department yesterday.
These volumes were given in mem
ory of the services in the political
science field of two leading Yale
graduates—William Howard Taft,
ihe nation's former president and
chief justice, and Arthur Twining
Iladley, former president of Yale.
The collection of volumes, which
constitutes a fitting memorial to
lho.se two men, will be placed in
the West Memorial Library of the
Political Science Department, mak
ing a very valuable addition to the
department's literature. The books
will be available to students study
ing in the fields of government and
international relations.
The collection includes the pub
lication of many of the more im
portant questions which have been
discussed at the Williamstown In
titule of Politics. A series entitled
Economic and Social History of the
World War" contains studies in the
war problems facing America,
P'ranee, Austria, Russia, Japan, and
he Netherlands. There are also
niscellaneous volumes dealing with
he theory of the state, origins and
backgrounds of the war, economic
conditions, and progress of recent
political uprisings in China and
Russia.
Yale University, through its Uni
versity Press, has presented to the
Stanford Department of Political
Science sixty-two volumes of its re
cent publications in the fields of
government and international rela
tions, according to announcement
made by the department yesterday.
These volumes were given in mem
ory of the services in the political
science field of two leading Yale
graduates—William Howard Taft,
ihe nation's former president and
chief justice, and Arthur Twining
Iladley, former president of Yale.
The collection of volumes, which
constitutes a fitting memorial to
lho.se two men, will be placed in
the West Memorial Library of the
Political Science Department, mak
ing a very valuable addition to the
department's literature. The books
will be available to students study
ing in the fields of government and
international relations.
The collection includes the pub
lication of many of the more im
portant questions which have been
discussed at the Williamstown In
titule of Politics. A series entitled
Economic and Social History of the
World War" contains studies in the
war problems facing America,
P'ranee, Austria, Russia, Japan, and
he Netherlands. There are also
niscellaneous volumes dealing with
he theory of the state, origins and
backgrounds of the war, economic
conditions, and progress of recent
political uprisings in China and
Russia.
Yale University, through its Uni
versity Press, has presented to the
Stanford Department of Political
Science sixty-two volumes of its re
cent publications in the fields of
government and international rela
tions, according to announcement
made by the department yesterday.
These volumes were given in mem
ory of the services in the political
science field of two leading Yale
graduates—William Howard Taft,
ihe nation's former president and
chief justice, and Arthur Twining
Iladley, former president of Yale.
The collection of volumes, which
constitutes a fitting memorial to
lho.se two men, will be placed in
the West Memorial Library of the
Political Science Department, mak
ing a very valuable addition to the
department's literature. The books
will be available to students study
ing in the fields of government and
international relations.
The collection includes the pub
lication of many of the more im
portant questions which have been
discussed at the Williamstown In
titule of Politics. A series entitled
Economic and Social History of the
World War" contains studies in the
war problems facing America,
P'ranee, Austria, Russia, Japan, and
he Netherlands. There are also
niscellaneous volumes dealing with
he theory of the state, origins and
backgrounds of the war, economic
conditions, and progress of recent
political uprisings in China and
Russia.
Yale University, through its Uni
versity Press, has presented to the
Stanford Department of Political
Science sixty-two volumes of its re
cent publications in the fields of
government and international rela
tions, according to announcement
made by the department yesterday.
These volumes were given in mem
ory of the services in the political
science field of two leading Yale
graduates—William Howard Taft,
ihe nation's former president and
chief justice, and Arthur Twining
Iladley, former president of Yale.
The collection of volumes, which
constitutes a fitting memorial to
lho.se two men, will be placed in
the West Memorial Library of the
Political Science Department, mak
ing a very valuable addition to the
department's literature. The books
will be available to students study
ing in the fields of government and
international relations.
The collection includes the pub
lication of many of the more im
portant questions which have been
discussed at the Williamstown In
titule of Politics. A series entitled
Economic and Social History of the
World War" contains studies in the
war problems facing America,
P'ranee, Austria, Russia, Japan, and
he Netherlands. There are also
niscellaneous volumes dealing with
he theory of the state, origins and
backgrounds of the war, economic
conditions, and progress of recent
political uprisings in China and
Russia.
Yale University, through its Uni
versity Press, has presented to the
Stanford Department of Political
Science sixty-two volumes of its re
cent publications in the fields of
government and international rela
tions, according to announcement
made by the department yesterday.
These volumes were given in mem
ory of the services in the political
science field of two leading Yale
graduates—William Howard Taft,
ihe nation's former president and
chief justice, and Arthur Twining
Iladley, former president of Yale.
The collection of volumes, which
constitutes a fitting memorial to
lho.se two men, will be placed in
the West Memorial Library of the
Political Science Department, mak
ing a very valuable addition to the
department's literature. The books
will be available to students study
ing in the fields of government and
international relations.
The collection includes the pub
lication of many of the more im
portant questions which have been
discussed at the Williamstown In
titule of Politics. A series entitled
Economic and Social History of the
World War" contains studies in the
war problems facing America,
P'ranee, Austria, Russia, Japan, and
he Netherlands. There are also
niscellaneous volumes dealing with
he theory of the state, origins and
backgrounds of the war, economic
conditions, and progress of recent
political uprisings in China and
Russia.
Yale University, through its Uni
versity Press, has presented to the
Stanford Department of Political
Science sixty-two volumes of its re
cent publications in the fields of
government and international rela
tions, according to announcement
made by the department yesterday.
These volumes were given in mem
ory of the services in the political
science field of two leading Yale
graduates—William Howard Taft,
ihe nation's former president and
chief justice, and Arthur Twining
Iladley, former president of Yale.
The collection of volumes, which
constitutes a fitting memorial to
lho.se two men, will be placed in
the West Memorial Library of the
Political Science Department, mak
ing a very valuable addition to the
department's literature. The books
will be available to students study
ing in the fields of government and
international relations.
The collection includes the pub
lication of many of the more im
portant questions which have been
discussed at the Williamstown In
titule of Politics. A series entitled
Economic and Social History of the
World War" contains studies in the
war problems facing America,
P'ranee, Austria, Russia, Japan, and
he Netherlands. There are also
niscellaneous volumes dealing with
he theory of the state, origins and
backgrounds of the war, economic
conditions, and progress of recent
political uprisings in China and
Russia.
