# FORMER STANFORD ENGINEER MARRIES
## 
### 
Miss Kathryn E. Button and Ralph
W. Mossman were married Saturday
afternoon, October 18, in the Stan
ford Memorial Church. Dr. Charles
Gardner, Stanford chaplain, offici
ated.
Mr. and Mrs. Mossman will make
their home in Berkeley where the
former is connected with the Stand
ard Oil Company of Richmond. He
received an advanced degree in
mechanical engineering at Stanford
in June.
Miss Kathryn E. Button and Ralph
W. Mossman were married Saturday
afternoon, October 18, in the Stan
ford Memorial Church. Dr. Charles
Gardner, Stanford chaplain, offici
ated.
Mr. and Mrs. Mossman will make
their home in Berkeley where the
former is connected with the Stand
ard Oil Company of Richmond. He
received an advanced degree in
mechanical engineering at Stanford
in June.
Miss Kathryn E. Button and Ralph
W. Mossman were married Saturday
afternoon, October 18, in the Stan
ford Memorial Church. Dr. Charles
Gardner, Stanford chaplain, offici
ated.
Mr. and Mrs. Mossman will make
their home in Berkeley where the
former is connected with the Stand
ard Oil Company of Richmond. He
received an advanced degree in
mechanical engineering at Stanford
in June.
Miss Kathryn E. Button and Ralph
W. Mossman were married Saturday
afternoon, October 18, in the Stan
ford Memorial Church. Dr. Charles
Gardner, Stanford chaplain, offici
ated.
Mr. and Mrs. Mossman will make
their home in Berkeley where the
former is connected with the Stand
ard Oil Company of Richmond. He
received an advanced degree in
mechanical engineering at Stanford
in June.
Miss Kathryn E. Button and Ralph
W. Mossman were married Saturday
afternoon, October 18, in the Stan
ford Memorial Church. Dr. Charles
Gardner, Stanford chaplain, offici
ated.
Mr. and Mrs. Mossman will make
their home in Berkeley where the
former is connected with the Stand
ard Oil Company of Richmond. He
received an advanced degree in
mechanical engineering at Stanford
in June.
Miss Kathryn E. Button and Ralph
W. Mossman were married Saturday
afternoon, October 18, in the Stan
ford Memorial Church. Dr. Charles
Gardner, Stanford chaplain, offici
ated.
Mr. and Mrs. Mossman will make
their home in Berkeley where the
former is connected with the Stand
ard Oil Company of Richmond. He
received an advanced degree in
mechanical engineering at Stanford
in June.
Miss Kathryn E. Button and Ralph
W. Mossman were married Saturday
afternoon, October 18, in the Stan
ford Memorial Church. Dr. Charles
Gardner, Stanford chaplain, offici
ated.
Mr. and Mrs. Mossman will make
their home in Berkeley where the
former is connected with the Stand
ard Oil Company of Richmond. He
received an advanced degree in
mechanical engineering at Stanford
in June.
Miss Kathryn E. Button and Ralph
W. Mossman were married Saturday
afternoon, October 18, in the Stan
ford Memorial Church. Dr. Charles
Gardner, Stanford chaplain, offici
ated.
Mr. and Mrs. Mossman will make
their home in Berkeley where the
former is connected with the Stand
ard Oil Company of Richmond. He
received an advanced degree in
mechanical engineering at Stanford
in June.
Miss Kathryn E. Button and Ralph
W. Mossman were married Saturday
afternoon, October 18, in the Stan
ford Memorial Church. Dr. Charles
Gardner, Stanford chaplain, offici
ated.
Mr. and Mrs. Mossman will make
their home in Berkeley where the
former is connected with the Stand
ard Oil Company of Richmond. He
received an advanced degree in
mechanical engineering at Stanford
in June.
Miss Kathryn E. Button and Ralph
W. Mossman were married Saturday
afternoon, October 18, in the Stan
ford Memorial Church. Dr. Charles
Gardner, Stanford chaplain, offici
ated.
Mr. and Mrs. Mossman will make
their home in Berkeley where the
former is connected with the Stand
ard Oil Company of Richmond. He
received an advanced degree in
mechanical engineering at Stanford
in June.
Miss Kathryn E. Button and Ralph
W. Mossman were married Saturday
afternoon, October 18, in the Stan
ford Memorial Church. Dr. Charles
Gardner, Stanford chaplain, offici
ated.
Mr. and Mrs. Mossman will make
their home in Berkeley where the
former is connected with the Stand
ard Oil Company of Richmond. He
received an advanced degree in
mechanical engineering at Stanford
in June.
Miss Kathryn E. Button and Ralph
W. Mossman were married Saturday
afternoon, October 18, in the Stan
ford Memorial Church. Dr. Charles
Gardner, Stanford chaplain, offici
ated.
Mr. and Mrs. Mossman will make
their home in Berkeley where the
former is connected with the Stand
ard Oil Company of Richmond. He
received an advanced degree in
mechanical engineering at Stanford
in June.
Miss Kathryn E. Button and Ralph
W. Mossman were married Saturday
afternoon, October 18, in the Stan
ford Memorial Church. Dr. Charles
Gardner, Stanford chaplain, offici
ated.
Mr. and Mrs. Mossman will make
their home in Berkeley where the
former is connected with the Stand
ard Oil Company of Richmond. He
received an advanced degree in
mechanical engineering at Stanford
in June.
Miss Kathryn E. Button and Ralph
W. Mossman were married Saturday
afternoon, October 18, in the Stan
ford Memorial Church. Dr. Charles
Gardner, Stanford chaplain, offici
ated.
Mr. and Mrs. Mossman will make
their home in Berkeley where the
former is connected with the Stand
ard Oil Company of Richmond. He
received an advanced degree in
mechanical engineering at Stanford
in June.
Miss Kathryn E. Button and Ralph
W. Mossman were married Saturday
afternoon, October 18, in the Stan
ford Memorial Church. Dr. Charles
Gardner, Stanford chaplain, offici
ated.
Mr. and Mrs. Mossman will make
their home in Berkeley where the
former is connected with the Stand
ard Oil Company of Richmond. He
received an advanced degree in
mechanical engineering at Stanford
in June.
Miss Kathryn E. Button and Ralph
W. Mossman were married Saturday
afternoon, October 18, in the Stan
ford Memorial Church. Dr. Charles
Gardner, Stanford chaplain, offici
ated.
Mr. and Mrs. Mossman will make
their home in Berkeley where the
former is connected with the Stand
ard Oil Company of Richmond. He
received an advanced degree in
mechanical engineering at Stanford
in June.
Miss Kathryn E. Button and Ralph
W. Mossman were married Saturday
afternoon, October 18, in the Stan
ford Memorial Church. Dr. Charles
Gardner, Stanford chaplain, offici
ated.
Mr. and Mrs. Mossman will make
their home in Berkeley where the
former is connected with the Stand
ard Oil Company of Richmond. He
received an advanced degree in
mechanical engineering at Stanford
in June.
