# LACK OF INTEREST MAY FINISH TOUCH FOOTBALL GAMES
## 
### 
Interclass touch football will be
given another trial Thursday after
noon, Parker Reed, manager of in
tramural sports, states. Should the
response from the classes be no bet
ter then than on the opening day,
the remainder of the schedule will
be cancelled, he announces.
In the games scheduled for Thurs
day the seniors' are to play the
freshmen and the juniors are to
play the sophomores. Should the
second games be a repetition of the
first the juniors will receive the in
terclass championship as a gift.
In the opening games the junior
team was the only one of the four
to put in an appearance and conse
quently took the lead by default. A
cancellation of the games Thursday
then would automatically give the
interclass football championship to
the class of '32.
Interclass touch football will be
given another trial Thursday after
noon, Parker Reed, manager of in
tramural sports, states. Should the
response from the classes be no bet
ter then than on the opening day,
the remainder of the schedule will
be cancelled, he announces.
In the games scheduled for Thurs
day the seniors' are to play the
freshmen and the juniors are to
play the sophomores. Should the
second games be a repetition of the
first the juniors will receive the in
terclass championship as a gift.
In the opening games the junior
team was the only one of the four
to put in an appearance and conse
quently took the lead by default. A
cancellation of the games Thursday
then would automatically give the
interclass football championship to
the class of '32.
Interclass touch football will be
given another trial Thursday after
noon, Parker Reed, manager of in
tramural sports, states. Should the
response from the classes be no bet
ter then than on the opening day,
the remainder of the schedule will
be cancelled, he announces.
In the games scheduled for Thurs
day the seniors' are to play the
freshmen and the juniors are to
play the sophomores. Should the
second games be a repetition of the
first the juniors will receive the in
terclass championship as a gift.
In the opening games the junior
team was the only one of the four
to put in an appearance and conse
quently took the lead by default. A
cancellation of the games Thursday
then would automatically give the
interclass football championship to
the class of '32.
Interclass touch football will be
given another trial Thursday after
noon, Parker Reed, manager of in
tramural sports, states. Should the
response from the classes be no bet
ter then than on the opening day,
the remainder of the schedule will
be cancelled, he announces.
In the games scheduled for Thurs
day the seniors' are to play the
freshmen and the juniors are to
play the sophomores. Should the
second games be a repetition of the
first the juniors will receive the in
terclass championship as a gift.
In the opening games the junior
team was the only one of the four
to put in an appearance and conse
quently took the lead by default. A
cancellation of the games Thursday
then would automatically give the
interclass football championship to
the class of '32.
Interclass touch football will be
given another trial Thursday after
noon, Parker Reed, manager of in
tramural sports, states. Should the
response from the classes be no bet
ter then than on the opening day,
the remainder of the schedule will
be cancelled, he announces.
In the games scheduled for Thurs
day the seniors' are to play the
freshmen and the juniors are to
play the sophomores. Should the
second games be a repetition of the
first the juniors will receive the in
terclass championship as a gift.
In the opening games the junior
team was the only one of the four
to put in an appearance and conse
quently took the lead by default. A
cancellation of the games Thursday
then would automatically give the
interclass football championship to
the class of '32.
Interclass touch football will be
given another trial Thursday after
noon, Parker Reed, manager of in
tramural sports, states. Should the
response from the classes be no bet
ter then than on the opening day,
the remainder of the schedule will
be cancelled, he announces.
In the games scheduled for Thurs
day the seniors' are to play the
freshmen and the juniors are to
play the sophomores. Should the
second games be a repetition of the
first the juniors will receive the in
terclass championship as a gift.
In the opening games the junior
team was the only one of the four
to put in an appearance and conse
quently took the lead by default. A
cancellation of the games Thursday
then would automatically give the
interclass football championship to
the class of '32.
Interclass touch football will be
given another trial Thursday after
noon, Parker Reed, manager of in
tramural sports, states. Should the
response from the classes be no bet
ter then than on the opening day,
the remainder of the schedule will
be cancelled, he announces.
In the games scheduled for Thurs
day the seniors' are to play the
freshmen and the juniors are to
play the sophomores. Should the
second games be a repetition of the
first the juniors will receive the in
terclass championship as a gift.
In the opening games the junior
team was the only one of the four
to put in an appearance and conse
quently took the lead by default. A
cancellation of the games Thursday
then would automatically give the
interclass football championship to
the class of '32.
Interclass touch football will be
given another trial Thursday after
noon, Parker Reed, manager of in
tramural sports, states. Should the
response from the classes be no bet
ter then than on the opening day,
the remainder of the schedule will
be cancelled, he announces.
In the games scheduled for Thurs
day the seniors' are to play the
freshmen and the juniors are to
play the sophomores. Should the
second games be a repetition of the
first the juniors will receive the in
terclass championship as a gift.
In the opening games the junior
team was the only one of the four
to put in an appearance and conse
quently took the lead by default. A
cancellation of the games Thursday
then would automatically give the
interclass football championship to
the class of '32.
Interclass touch football will be
given another trial Thursday after
noon, Parker Reed, manager of in
tramural sports, states. Should the
response from the classes be no bet
ter then than on the opening day,
the remainder of the schedule will
be cancelled, he announces.
In the games scheduled for Thurs
day the seniors' are to play the
freshmen and the juniors are to
play the sophomores. Should the
second games be a repetition of the
first the juniors will receive the in
terclass championship as a gift.
In the opening games the junior
team was the only one of the four
to put in an appearance and conse
quently took the lead by default. A
cancellation of the games Thursday
then would automatically give the
interclass football championship to
the class of '32.
Interclass touch football will be
given another trial Thursday after
noon, Parker Reed, manager of in
tramural sports, states. Should the
response from the classes be no bet
ter then than on the opening day,
the remainder of the schedule will
be cancelled, he announces.
In the games scheduled for Thurs
day the seniors' are to play the
freshmen and the juniors are to
play the sophomores. Should the
second games be a repetition of the
first the juniors will receive the in
terclass championship as a gift.
In the opening games the junior
team was the only one of the four
to put in an appearance and conse
quently took the lead by default. A
cancellation of the games Thursday
then would automatically give the
interclass football championship to
the class of '32.
Interclass touch football will be
given another trial Thursday after
noon, Parker Reed, manager of in
tramural sports, states. Should the
response from the classes be no bet
ter then than on the opening day,
the remainder of the schedule will
be cancelled, he announces.
In the games scheduled for Thurs
day the seniors' are to play the
freshmen and the juniors are to
play the sophomores. Should the
second games be a repetition of the
first the juniors will receive the in
terclass championship as a gift.
In the opening games the junior
team was the only one of the four
to put in an appearance and conse
quently took the lead by default. A
cancellation of the games Thursday
then would automatically give the
interclass football championship to
the class of '32.
Interclass touch football will be
given another trial Thursday after
noon, Parker Reed, manager of in
tramural sports, states. Should the
response from the classes be no bet
ter then than on the opening day,
the remainder of the schedule will
be cancelled, he announces.
In the games scheduled for Thurs
day the seniors' are to play the
freshmen and the juniors are to
play the sophomores. Should the
second games be a repetition of the
first the juniors will receive the in
terclass championship as a gift.
In the opening games the junior
team was the only one of the four
to put in an appearance and conse
quently took the lead by default. A
cancellation of the games Thursday
then would automatically give the
interclass football championship to
the class of '32.
Interclass touch football will be
given another trial Thursday after
noon, Parker Reed, manager of in
tramural sports, states. Should the
response from the classes be no bet
ter then than on the opening day,
the remainder of the schedule will
be cancelled, he announces.
In the games scheduled for Thurs
day the seniors' are to play the
freshmen and the juniors are to
play the sophomores. Should the
second games be a repetition of the
first the juniors will receive the in
terclass championship as a gift.
In the opening games the junior
team was the only one of the four
to put in an appearance and conse
quently took the lead by default. A
cancellation of the games Thursday
then would automatically give the
interclass football championship to
the class of '32.
Interclass touch football will be
given another trial Thursday after
noon, Parker Reed, manager of in
tramural sports, states. Should the
response from the classes be no bet
ter then than on the opening day,
the remainder of the schedule will
be cancelled, he announces.
In the games scheduled for Thurs
day the seniors' are to play the
freshmen and the juniors are to
play the sophomores. Should the
second games be a repetition of the
first the juniors will receive the in
terclass championship as a gift.
In the opening games the junior
team was the only one of the four
to put in an appearance and conse
quently took the lead by default. A
cancellation of the games Thursday
then would automatically give the
interclass football championship to
the class of '32.
Interclass touch football will be
given another trial Thursday after
noon, Parker Reed, manager of in
tramural sports, states. Should the
response from the classes be no bet
ter then than on the opening day,
the remainder of the schedule will
be cancelled, he announces.
In the games scheduled for Thurs
day the seniors' are to play the
freshmen and the juniors are to
play the sophomores. Should the
second games be a repetition of the
first the juniors will receive the in
terclass championship as a gift.
In the opening games the junior
team was the only one of the four
to put in an appearance and conse
quently took the lead by default. A
cancellation of the games Thursday
then would automatically give the
interclass football championship to
the class of '32.
Interclass touch football will be
given another trial Thursday after
noon, Parker Reed, manager of in
tramural sports, states. Should the
response from the classes be no bet
ter then than on the opening day,
the remainder of the schedule will
be cancelled, he announces.
In the games scheduled for Thurs
day the seniors' are to play the
freshmen and the juniors are to
play the sophomores. Should the
second games be a repetition of the
first the juniors will receive the in
terclass championship as a gift.
In the opening games the junior
team was the only one of the four
to put in an appearance and conse
quently took the lead by default. A
cancellation of the games Thursday
then would automatically give the
interclass football championship to
the class of '32.
Interclass touch football will be
given another trial Thursday after
noon, Parker Reed, manager of in
tramural sports, states. Should the
response from the classes be no bet
ter then than on the opening day,
the remainder of the schedule will
be cancelled, he announces.
In the games scheduled for Thurs
day the seniors' are to play the
freshmen and the juniors are to
play the sophomores. Should the
second games be a repetition of the
first the juniors will receive the in
terclass championship as a gift.
In the opening games the junior
team was the only one of the four
to put in an appearance and conse
quently took the lead by default. A
cancellation of the games Thursday
then would automatically give the
interclass football championship to
the class of '32.
