# Captains of Sixteen Card Football Teams Come From California
## 
### 
In its first third of a century of in
tercollegiate football, Stanford has
had thirty-three varsity football cap
tains, with the division practically a
tie between Californians and those
from outside the state.
Sixteen captains have come to Stan
ford from beyond the borders of Cali
fornia. Outside the United States, the
British Empire is the only nation
represented. One captain has come
from Canada and two from Australia.
Within the United States, the adja
cent states are naturally best repre
sented, Oregon leading the list with
eight, and Colorado next with two.

Seventeen captains have been Cali
fornia products. Strange to say, Palo
Alto leads the list, having furnished
four. Los Angeles has been repre
sented by three, and San Francisco by
two captains.
The youngest captain was Stewart
Cotton, '98, of San Francisco, who
graduated at the age of 19, after play
ing on the varsity four years, at end,
tackle, center, and fullback. The old
est elected captain was "Jim" Wylie,
'18, of Australia, who was 27 when
elected. He did not return to lead,
but was replaced by "Danny" Carroll,
'17, who was re-elected, the only time
Stanford ever chose the same football
leader twice.
About two-thirds of Stanford's var
sity football captains have come from
small towns.
In its first third of a century of in
tercollegiate football, Stanford has
had thirty-three varsity football cap
tains, with the division practically a
tie between Californians and those
from outside the state.
Sixteen captains have come to Stan
ford from beyond the borders of Cali
fornia. Outside the United States, the
British Empire is the only nation
represented. One captain has come
from Canada and two from Australia.
Within the United States, the adja
cent states are naturally best repre
sented, Oregon leading the list with
eight, and Colorado next with two.

Seventeen captains have been Cali
fornia products. Strange to say, Palo
Alto leads the list, having furnished
four. Los Angeles has been repre
sented by three, and San Francisco by
two captains.
The youngest captain was Stewart
Cotton, '98, of San Francisco, who
graduated at the age of 19, after play
ing on the varsity four years, at end,
tackle, center, and fullback. The old
est elected captain was "Jim" Wylie,
'18, of Australia, who was 27 when
elected. He did not return to lead,
but was replaced by "Danny" Carroll,
'17, who was re-elected, the only time
Stanford ever chose the same football
leader twice.
About two-thirds of Stanford's var
sity football captains have come from
small towns.
In its first third of a century of in
tercollegiate football, Stanford has
had thirty-three varsity football cap
tains, with the division practically a
tie between Californians and those
from outside the state.
Sixteen captains have come to Stan
ford from beyond the borders of Cali
fornia. Outside the United States, the
British Empire is the only nation
represented. One captain has come
from Canada and two from Australia.
Within the United States, the adja
cent states are naturally best repre
sented, Oregon leading the list with
eight, and Colorado next with two.

Seventeen captains have been Cali
fornia products. Strange to say, Palo
Alto leads the list, having furnished
four. Los Angeles has been repre
sented by three, and San Francisco by
two captains.
The youngest captain was Stewart
Cotton, '98, of San Francisco, who
graduated at the age of 19, after play
ing on the varsity four years, at end,
tackle, center, and fullback. The old
est elected captain was "Jim" Wylie,
'18, of Australia, who was 27 when
elected. He did not return to lead,
but was replaced by "Danny" Carroll,
'17, who was re-elected, the only time
Stanford ever chose the same football
leader twice.
About two-thirds of Stanford's var
sity football captains have come from
small towns.
In its first third of a century of in
tercollegiate football, Stanford has
had thirty-three varsity football cap
tains, with the division practically a
tie between Californians and those
from outside the state.
Sixteen captains have come to Stan
ford from beyond the borders of Cali
fornia. Outside the United States, the
British Empire is the only nation
represented. One captain has come
from Canada and two from Australia.
Within the United States, the adja
cent states are naturally best repre
sented, Oregon leading the list with
eight, and Colorado next with two.

Seventeen captains have been Cali
fornia products. Strange to say, Palo
Alto leads the list, having furnished
four. Los Angeles has been repre
sented by three, and San Francisco by
two captains.
The youngest captain was Stewart
Cotton, '98, of San Francisco, who
graduated at the age of 19, after play
ing on the varsity four years, at end,
tackle, center, and fullback. The old
est elected captain was "Jim" Wylie,
'18, of Australia, who was 27 when
elected. He did not return to lead,
but was replaced by "Danny" Carroll,
'17, who was re-elected, the only time
Stanford ever chose the same football
leader twice.
About two-thirds of Stanford's var
sity football captains have come from
small towns.
In its first third of a century of in
tercollegiate football, Stanford has
had thirty-three varsity football cap
tains, with the division practically a
tie between Californians and those
from outside the state.
Sixteen captains have come to Stan
ford from beyond the borders of Cali
fornia. Outside the United States, the
British Empire is the only nation
represented. One captain has come
from Canada and two from Australia.
Within the United States, the adja
cent states are naturally best repre
sented, Oregon leading the list with
eight, and Colorado next with two.

Seventeen captains have been Cali
fornia products. Strange to say, Palo
Alto leads the list, having furnished
four. Los Angeles has been repre
sented by three, and San Francisco by
two captains.
The youngest captain was Stewart
Cotton, '98, of San Francisco, who
graduated at the age of 19, after play
ing on the varsity four years, at end,
tackle, center, and fullback. The old
est elected captain was "Jim" Wylie,
'18, of Australia, who was 27 when
elected. He did not return to lead,
but was replaced by "Danny" Carroll,
'17, who was re-elected, the only time
Stanford ever chose the same football
leader twice.
About two-thirds of Stanford's var
sity football captains have come from
small towns.
In its first third of a century of in
tercollegiate football, Stanford has
had thirty-three varsity football cap
tains, with the division practically a
tie between Californians and those
from outside the state.
Sixteen captains have come to Stan
ford from beyond the borders of Cali
fornia. Outside the United States, the
British Empire is the only nation
represented. One captain has come
from Canada and two from Australia.
Within the United States, the adja
cent states are naturally best repre
sented, Oregon leading the list with
eight, and Colorado next with two.

Seventeen captains have been Cali
fornia products. Strange to say, Palo
Alto leads the list, having furnished
four. Los Angeles has been repre
sented by three, and San Francisco by
two captains.
The youngest captain was Stewart
Cotton, '98, of San Francisco, who
graduated at the age of 19, after play
ing on the varsity four years, at end,
tackle, center, and fullback. The old
est elected captain was "Jim" Wylie,
'18, of Australia, who was 27 when
elected. He did not return to lead,
but was replaced by "Danny" Carroll,
'17, who was re-elected, the only time
Stanford ever chose the same football
leader twice.
About two-thirds of Stanford's var
sity football captains have come from
small towns.
In its first third of a century of in
tercollegiate football, Stanford has
had thirty-three varsity football cap
tains, with the division practically a
tie between Californians and those
from outside the state.
Sixteen captains have come to Stan
ford from beyond the borders of Cali
fornia. Outside the United States, the
British Empire is the only nation
represented. One captain has come
from Canada and two from Australia.
Within the United States, the adja
cent states are naturally best repre
sented, Oregon leading the list with
eight, and Colorado next with two.

Seventeen captains have been Cali
fornia products. Strange to say, Palo
Alto leads the list, having furnished
four. Los Angeles has been repre
sented by three, and San Francisco by
two captains.
The youngest captain was Stewart
Cotton, '98, of San Francisco, who
graduated at the age of 19, after play
ing on the varsity four years, at end,
tackle, center, and fullback. The old
est elected captain was "Jim" Wylie,
'18, of Australia, who was 27 when
elected. He did not return to lead,
but was replaced by "Danny" Carroll,
'17, who was re-elected, the only time
Stanford ever chose the same football
leader twice.
About two-thirds of Stanford's var
sity football captains have come from
small towns.
In its first third of a century of in
tercollegiate football, Stanford has
had thirty-three varsity football cap
tains, with the division practically a
tie between Californians and those
from outside the state.
Sixteen captains have come to Stan
ford from beyond the borders of Cali
fornia. Outside the United States, the
British Empire is the only nation
represented. One captain has come
from Canada and two from Australia.
Within the United States, the adja
cent states are naturally best repre
sented, Oregon leading the list with
eight, and Colorado next with two.

Seventeen captains have been Cali
fornia products. Strange to say, Palo
Alto leads the list, having furnished
four. Los Angeles has been repre
sented by three, and San Francisco by
two captains.
The youngest captain was Stewart
Cotton, '98, of San Francisco, who
graduated at the age of 19, after play
ing on the varsity four years, at end,
tackle, center, and fullback. The old
est elected captain was "Jim" Wylie,
'18, of Australia, who was 27 when
elected. He did not return to lead,
but was replaced by "Danny" Carroll,
'17, who was re-elected, the only time
Stanford ever chose the same football
leader twice.
About two-thirds of Stanford's var
sity football captains have come from
small towns.
In its first third of a century of in
tercollegiate football, Stanford has
had thirty-three varsity football cap
tains, with the division practically a
tie between Californians and those
from outside the state.
Sixteen captains have come to Stan
ford from beyond the borders of Cali
fornia. Outside the United States, the
British Empire is the only nation
represented. One captain has come
from Canada and two from Australia.
Within the United States, the adja
cent states are naturally best repre
sented, Oregon leading the list with
eight, and Colorado next with two.

Seventeen captains have been Cali
fornia products. Strange to say, Palo
Alto leads the list, having furnished
four. Los Angeles has been repre
sented by three, and San Francisco by
two captains.
The youngest captain was Stewart
Cotton, '98, of San Francisco, who
graduated at the age of 19, after play
ing on the varsity four years, at end,
tackle, center, and fullback. The old
est elected captain was "Jim" Wylie,
'18, of Australia, who was 27 when
elected. He did not return to lead,
but was replaced by "Danny" Carroll,
'17, who was re-elected, the only time
Stanford ever chose the same football
leader twice.
About two-thirds of Stanford's var
sity football captains have come from
small towns.
In its first third of a century of in
tercollegiate football, Stanford has
had thirty-three varsity football cap
tains, with the division practically a
tie between Californians and those
from outside the state.
Sixteen captains have come to Stan
ford from beyond the borders of Cali
fornia. Outside the United States, the
British Empire is the only nation
represented. One captain has come
from Canada and two from Australia.
Within the United States, the adja
cent states are naturally best repre
sented, Oregon leading the list with
eight, and Colorado next with two.

Seventeen captains have been Cali
fornia products. Strange to say, Palo
Alto leads the list, having furnished
four. Los Angeles has been repre
sented by three, and San Francisco by
two captains.
The youngest captain was Stewart
Cotton, '98, of San Francisco, who
graduated at the age of 19, after play
ing on the varsity four years, at end,
tackle, center, and fullback. The old
est elected captain was "Jim" Wylie,
'18, of Australia, who was 27 when
elected. He did not return to lead,
but was replaced by "Danny" Carroll,
'17, who was re-elected, the only time
Stanford ever chose the same football
leader twice.
About two-thirds of Stanford's var
sity football captains have come from
small towns.
In its first third of a century of in
tercollegiate football, Stanford has
had thirty-three varsity football cap
tains, with the division practically a
tie between Californians and those
from outside the state.
Sixteen captains have come to Stan
ford from beyond the borders of Cali
fornia. Outside the United States, the
British Empire is the only nation
represented. One captain has come
from Canada and two from Australia.
Within the United States, the adja
cent states are naturally best repre
sented, Oregon leading the list with
eight, and Colorado next with two.

Seventeen captains have been Cali
fornia products. Strange to say, Palo
Alto leads the list, having furnished
four. Los Angeles has been repre
sented by three, and San Francisco by
two captains.
The youngest captain was Stewart
Cotton, '98, of San Francisco, who
graduated at the age of 19, after play
ing on the varsity four years, at end,
tackle, center, and fullback. The old
est elected captain was "Jim" Wylie,
'18, of Australia, who was 27 when
elected. He did not return to lead,
but was replaced by "Danny" Carroll,
'17, who was re-elected, the only time
Stanford ever chose the same football
leader twice.
About two-thirds of Stanford's var
sity football captains have come from
small towns.
In its first third of a century of in
tercollegiate football, Stanford has
had thirty-three varsity football cap
tains, with the division practically a
tie between Californians and those
from outside the state.
Sixteen captains have come to Stan
ford from beyond the borders of Cali
fornia. Outside the United States, the
British Empire is the only nation
represented. One captain has come
from Canada and two from Australia.
Within the United States, the adja
cent states are naturally best repre
sented, Oregon leading the list with
eight, and Colorado next with two.

Seventeen captains have been Cali
fornia products. Strange to say, Palo
Alto leads the list, having furnished
four. Los Angeles has been repre
sented by three, and San Francisco by
two captains.
The youngest captain was Stewart
Cotton, '98, of San Francisco, who
graduated at the age of 19, after play
ing on the varsity four years, at end,
tackle, center, and fullback. The old
est elected captain was "Jim" Wylie,
'18, of Australia, who was 27 when
elected. He did not return to lead,
but was replaced by "Danny" Carroll,
'17, who was re-elected, the only time
Stanford ever chose the same football
leader twice.
About two-thirds of Stanford's var
sity football captains have come from
small towns.
In its first third of a century of in
tercollegiate football, Stanford has
had thirty-three varsity football cap
tains, with the division practically a
tie between Californians and those
from outside the state.
Sixteen captains have come to Stan
ford from beyond the borders of Cali
fornia. Outside the United States, the
British Empire is the only nation
represented. One captain has come
from Canada and two from Australia.
Within the United States, the adja
cent states are naturally best repre
sented, Oregon leading the list with
eight, and Colorado next with two.

Seventeen captains have been Cali
fornia products. Strange to say, Palo
Alto leads the list, having furnished
four. Los Angeles has been repre
sented by three, and San Francisco by
two captains.
The youngest captain was Stewart
Cotton, '98, of San Francisco, who
graduated at the age of 19, after play
ing on the varsity four years, at end,
tackle, center, and fullback. The old
est elected captain was "Jim" Wylie,
'18, of Australia, who was 27 when
elected. He did not return to lead,
but was replaced by "Danny" Carroll,
'17, who was re-elected, the only time
Stanford ever chose the same football
leader twice.
About two-thirds of Stanford's var
sity football captains have come from
small towns.
In its first third of a century of in
tercollegiate football, Stanford has
had thirty-three varsity football cap
tains, with the division practically a
tie between Californians and those
from outside the state.
Sixteen captains have come to Stan
ford from beyond the borders of Cali
fornia. Outside the United States, the
British Empire is the only nation
represented. One captain has come
from Canada and two from Australia.
Within the United States, the adja
cent states are naturally best repre
sented, Oregon leading the list with
eight, and Colorado next with two.

Seventeen captains have been Cali
fornia products. Strange to say, Palo
Alto leads the list, having furnished
four. Los Angeles has been repre
sented by three, and San Francisco by
two captains.
The youngest captain was Stewart
Cotton, '98, of San Francisco, who
graduated at the age of 19, after play
ing on the varsity four years, at end,
tackle, center, and fullback. The old
est elected captain was "Jim" Wylie,
'18, of Australia, who was 27 when
elected. He did not return to lead,
but was replaced by "Danny" Carroll,
'17, who was re-elected, the only time
Stanford ever chose the same football
leader twice.
About two-thirds of Stanford's var
sity football captains have come from
small towns.
In its first third of a century of in
tercollegiate football, Stanford has
had thirty-three varsity football cap
tains, with the division practically a
tie between Californians and those
from outside the state.
Sixteen captains have come to Stan
ford from beyond the borders of Cali
fornia. Outside the United States, the
British Empire is the only nation
represented. One captain has come
from Canada and two from Australia.
Within the United States, the adja
cent states are naturally best repre
sented, Oregon leading the list with
eight, and Colorado next with two.

Seventeen captains have been Cali
fornia products. Strange to say, Palo
Alto leads the list, having furnished
four. Los Angeles has been repre
sented by three, and San Francisco by
two captains.
The youngest captain was Stewart
Cotton, '98, of San Francisco, who
graduated at the age of 19, after play
ing on the varsity four years, at end,
tackle, center, and fullback. The old
est elected captain was "Jim" Wylie,
'18, of Australia, who was 27 when
elected. He did not return to lead,
but was replaced by "Danny" Carroll,
'17, who was re-elected, the only time
Stanford ever chose the same football
leader twice.
About two-thirds of Stanford's var
sity football captains have come from
small towns.
In its first third of a century of in
tercollegiate football, Stanford has
had thirty-three varsity football cap
tains, with the division practically a
tie between Californians and those
from outside the state.
Sixteen captains have come to Stan
ford from beyond the borders of Cali
fornia. Outside the United States, the
British Empire is the only nation
represented. One captain has come
from Canada and two from Australia.
Within the United States, the adja
cent states are naturally best repre
sented, Oregon leading the list with
eight, and Colorado next with two.

Seventeen captains have been Cali
fornia products. Strange to say, Palo
Alto leads the list, having furnished
four. Los Angeles has been repre
sented by three, and San Francisco by
two captains.
The youngest captain was Stewart
Cotton, '98, of San Francisco, who
graduated at the age of 19, after play
ing on the varsity four years, at end,
tackle, center, and fullback. The old
est elected captain was "Jim" Wylie,
'18, of Australia, who was 27 when
elected. He did not return to lead,
but was replaced by "Danny" Carroll,
'17, who was re-elected, the only time
Stanford ever chose the same football
leader twice.
About two-thirds of Stanford's var
sity football captains have come from
small towns.
