# Untitled Article
## 
### 
It is welcome news to the univer
sity community that Coach Presley
has been successfully operated upon
and is on his way to recovery. The
serious illness of the coach was
most unfortunate at this time, par
ticularly as he was unable to have
actual control of the men during the
decisive game with Vancouver. But.
according to the latest word from
Vancouver, Coach Presley should be
able to take charge of the baseball
men early in February.
It is welcome news to the univer
sity community that Coach Presley
has been successfully operated upon
and is on his way to recovery. The
serious illness of the coach was
most unfortunate at this time, par
ticularly as he was unable to have
actual control of the men during the
decisive game with Vancouver. But.
according to the latest word from
Vancouver, Coach Presley should be
able to take charge of the baseball
men early in February.
It is welcome news to the univer
sity community that Coach Presley
has been successfully operated upon
and is on his way to recovery. The
serious illness of the coach was
most unfortunate at this time, par
ticularly as he was unable to have
actual control of the men during the
decisive game with Vancouver. But.
according to the latest word from
Vancouver, Coach Presley should be
able to take charge of the baseball
men early in February.
It is welcome news to the univer
sity community that Coach Presley
has been successfully operated upon
and is on his way to recovery. The
serious illness of the coach was
most unfortunate at this time, par
ticularly as he was unable to have
actual control of the men during the
decisive game with Vancouver. But.
according to the latest word from
Vancouver, Coach Presley should be
able to take charge of the baseball
men early in February.
It is welcome news to the univer
sity community that Coach Presley
has been successfully operated upon
and is on his way to recovery. The
serious illness of the coach was
most unfortunate at this time, par
ticularly as he was unable to have
actual control of the men during the
decisive game with Vancouver. But.
according to the latest word from
Vancouver, Coach Presley should be
able to take charge of the baseball
men early in February.
It is welcome news to the univer
sity community that Coach Presley
has been successfully operated upon
and is on his way to recovery. The
serious illness of the coach was
most unfortunate at this time, par
ticularly as he was unable to have
actual control of the men during the
decisive game with Vancouver. But.
according to the latest word from
Vancouver, Coach Presley should be
able to take charge of the baseball
men early in February.
It is welcome news to the univer
sity community that Coach Presley
has been successfully operated upon
and is on his way to recovery. The
serious illness of the coach was
most unfortunate at this time, par
ticularly as he was unable to have
actual control of the men during the
decisive game with Vancouver. But.
according to the latest word from
Vancouver, Coach Presley should be
able to take charge of the baseball
men early in February.
It is welcome news to the univer
sity community that Coach Presley
has been successfully operated upon
and is on his way to recovery. The
serious illness of the coach was
most unfortunate at this time, par
ticularly as he was unable to have
actual control of the men during the
decisive game with Vancouver. But.
according to the latest word from
Vancouver, Coach Presley should be
able to take charge of the baseball
men early in February.
It is welcome news to the univer
sity community that Coach Presley
has been successfully operated upon
and is on his way to recovery. The
serious illness of the coach was
most unfortunate at this time, par
ticularly as he was unable to have
actual control of the men during the
decisive game with Vancouver. But.
according to the latest word from
Vancouver, Coach Presley should be
able to take charge of the baseball
men early in February.
It is welcome news to the univer
sity community that Coach Presley
has been successfully operated upon
and is on his way to recovery. The
serious illness of the coach was
most unfortunate at this time, par
ticularly as he was unable to have
actual control of the men during the
decisive game with Vancouver. But.
according to the latest word from
Vancouver, Coach Presley should be
able to take charge of the baseball
men early in February.
