# Philological Society Elects.
## 
### 
A meeting of the Philological So- j
ciety of the Pacific Coast was held j
upon the Campus December 26 an,d |
27, at which gathering the officers j
the organization for the ensuing year !
were selected. Several members of j
the local Faculty were honored. Pro
lessor Hugo J. Schilling, of the Uni
versity of California, was elected pre- j
sident. lor the year; Professor J. E. i
Matzke, of the French department. '
first vice-president; Professor C. B.
Bradley, of the University of Cali
fornia, second vice-president; and L.
J. Richardson, of the University of
California, secretary-treasurer. The j
executive committee will consist of ■
the above officers and Professors
George Hem pi, of the German de
partment; J. E. Church, of the Uni
versity of Nevada; H. W. Prescott, of
the University of California, and
Principal Mower, of the Napa High
School.
A meeting of the Philological So- j
ciety of the Pacific Coast was held j
upon the Campus December 26 an,d |
27, at which gathering the officers j
the organization for the ensuing year !
were selected. Several members of j
the local Faculty were honored. Pro
lessor Hugo J. Schilling, of the Uni
versity of California, was elected pre- j
sident. lor the year; Professor J. E. i
Matzke, of the French department. '
first vice-president; Professor C. B.
Bradley, of the University of Cali
fornia, second vice-president; and L.
J. Richardson, of the University of
California, secretary-treasurer. The j
executive committee will consist of ■
the above officers and Professors
George Hem pi, of the German de
partment; J. E. Church, of the Uni
versity of Nevada; H. W. Prescott, of
the University of California, and
Principal Mower, of the Napa High
School.
A meeting of the Philological So- j
ciety of the Pacific Coast was held j
upon the Campus December 26 an,d |
27, at which gathering the officers j
the organization for the ensuing year !
were selected. Several members of j
the local Faculty were honored. Pro
lessor Hugo J. Schilling, of the Uni
versity of California, was elected pre- j
sident. lor the year; Professor J. E. i
Matzke, of the French department. '
first vice-president; Professor C. B.
Bradley, of the University of Cali
fornia, second vice-president; and L.
J. Richardson, of the University of
California, secretary-treasurer. The j
executive committee will consist of ■
the above officers and Professors
George Hem pi, of the German de
partment; J. E. Church, of the Uni
versity of Nevada; H. W. Prescott, of
the University of California, and
Principal Mower, of the Napa High
School.
A meeting of the Philological So- j
ciety of the Pacific Coast was held j
upon the Campus December 26 an,d |
27, at which gathering the officers j
the organization for the ensuing year !
were selected. Several members of j
the local Faculty were honored. Pro
lessor Hugo J. Schilling, of the Uni
versity of California, was elected pre- j
sident. lor the year; Professor J. E. i
Matzke, of the French department. '
first vice-president; Professor C. B.
Bradley, of the University of Cali
fornia, second vice-president; and L.
J. Richardson, of the University of
California, secretary-treasurer. The j
executive committee will consist of ■
the above officers and Professors
George Hem pi, of the German de
partment; J. E. Church, of the Uni
versity of Nevada; H. W. Prescott, of
the University of California, and
Principal Mower, of the Napa High
School.
A meeting of the Philological So- j
ciety of the Pacific Coast was held j
upon the Campus December 26 an,d |
27, at which gathering the officers j
the organization for the ensuing year !
were selected. Several members of j
the local Faculty were honored. Pro
lessor Hugo J. Schilling, of the Uni
versity of California, was elected pre- j
sident. lor the year; Professor J. E. i
Matzke, of the French department. '
first vice-president; Professor C. B.
Bradley, of the University of Cali
fornia, second vice-president; and L.
J. Richardson, of the University of
California, secretary-treasurer. The j
executive committee will consist of ■
the above officers and Professors
George Hem pi, of the German de
partment; J. E. Church, of the Uni
versity of Nevada; H. W. Prescott, of
the University of California, and
Principal Mower, of the Napa High
School.
A meeting of the Philological So- j
ciety of the Pacific Coast was held j
upon the Campus December 26 an,d |
27, at which gathering the officers j
the organization for the ensuing year !
were selected. Several members of j
the local Faculty were honored. Pro
lessor Hugo J. Schilling, of the Uni
versity of California, was elected pre- j
sident. lor the year; Professor J. E. i
Matzke, of the French department. '
first vice-president; Professor C. B.
Bradley, of the University of Cali
fornia, second vice-president; and L.
J. Richardson, of the University of
California, secretary-treasurer. The j
executive committee will consist of ■
the above officers and Professors
George Hem pi, of the German de
partment; J. E. Church, of the Uni
versity of Nevada; H. W. Prescott, of
the University of California, and
Principal Mower, of the Napa High
School.
A meeting of the Philological So- j
ciety of the Pacific Coast was held j
upon the Campus December 26 an,d |
27, at which gathering the officers j
the organization for the ensuing year !
were selected. Several members of j
the local Faculty were honored. Pro
lessor Hugo J. Schilling, of the Uni
versity of California, was elected pre- j
sident. lor the year; Professor J. E. i
Matzke, of the French department. '
first vice-president; Professor C. B.
Bradley, of the University of Cali
fornia, second vice-president; and L.
J. Richardson, of the University of
California, secretary-treasurer. The j
executive committee will consist of ■
the above officers and Professors
George Hem pi, of the German de
partment; J. E. Church, of the Uni
versity of Nevada; H. W. Prescott, of
the University of California, and
Principal Mower, of the Napa High
School.
A meeting of the Philological So- j
ciety of the Pacific Coast was held j
upon the Campus December 26 an,d |
27, at which gathering the officers j
the organization for the ensuing year !
were selected. Several members of j
the local Faculty were honored. Pro
lessor Hugo J. Schilling, of the Uni
versity of California, was elected pre- j
sident. lor the year; Professor J. E. i
Matzke, of the French department. '
first vice-president; Professor C. B.
Bradley, of the University of Cali
fornia, second vice-president; and L.
J. Richardson, of the University of
California, secretary-treasurer. The j
executive committee will consist of ■
the above officers and Professors
George Hem pi, of the German de
partment; J. E. Church, of the Uni
versity of Nevada; H. W. Prescott, of
the University of California, and
Principal Mower, of the Napa High
School.
A meeting of the Philological So- j
ciety of the Pacific Coast was held j
upon the Campus December 26 an,d |
27, at which gathering the officers j
the organization for the ensuing year !
were selected. Several members of j
the local Faculty were honored. Pro
lessor Hugo J. Schilling, of the Uni
versity of California, was elected pre- j
sident. lor the year; Professor J. E. i
Matzke, of the French department. '
first vice-president; Professor C. B.
Bradley, of the University of Cali
fornia, second vice-president; and L.
J. Richardson, of the University of
California, secretary-treasurer. The j
executive committee will consist of ■
the above officers and Professors
George Hem pi, of the German de
partment; J. E. Church, of the Uni
versity of Nevada; H. W. Prescott, of
the University of California, and
Principal Mower, of the Napa High
School.
A meeting of the Philological So- j
ciety of the Pacific Coast was held j
upon the Campus December 26 an,d |
27, at which gathering the officers j
the organization for the ensuing year !
were selected. Several members of j
the local Faculty were honored. Pro
lessor Hugo J. Schilling, of the Uni
versity of California, was elected pre- j
sident. lor the year; Professor J. E. i
Matzke, of the French department. '
first vice-president; Professor C. B.
Bradley, of the University of Cali
fornia, second vice-president; and L.
J. Richardson, of the University of
California, secretary-treasurer. The j
executive committee will consist of ■
the above officers and Professors
George Hem pi, of the German de
partment; J. E. Church, of the Uni
versity of Nevada; H. W. Prescott, of
the University of California, and
Principal Mower, of the Napa High
School.
