# Quad Price Will Go Up Tomorrow
## 
### 
Today is positively the last
chance to order a 1961 Quad for
$7, the Quad office warns.
Salesmen will be at the Post
Office and Engineering Corner
from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. to take or
ders at the regular price. After
today, the cost will be $K.
Students may have their names
imprinted on the cover of their
Quad for an additional $1.
Today is positively the last
chance to order a 1961 Quad for
$7, the Quad office warns.
Salesmen will be at the Post
Office and Engineering Corner
from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. to take or
ders at the regular price. After
today, the cost will be $K.
Students may have their names
imprinted on the cover of their
Quad for an additional $1.
Today is positively the last
chance to order a 1961 Quad for
$7, the Quad office warns.
Salesmen will be at the Post
Office and Engineering Corner
from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. to take or
ders at the regular price. After
today, the cost will be $K.
Students may have their names
imprinted on the cover of their
Quad for an additional $1.
Today is positively the last
chance to order a 1961 Quad for
$7, the Quad office warns.
Salesmen will be at the Post
Office and Engineering Corner
from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. to take or
ders at the regular price. After
today, the cost will be $K.
Students may have their names
imprinted on the cover of their
Quad for an additional $1.
Today is positively the last
chance to order a 1961 Quad for
$7, the Quad office warns.
Salesmen will be at the Post
Office and Engineering Corner
from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. to take or
ders at the regular price. After
today, the cost will be $K.
Students may have their names
imprinted on the cover of their
Quad for an additional $1.
Today is positively the last
chance to order a 1961 Quad for
$7, the Quad office warns.
Salesmen will be at the Post
Office and Engineering Corner
from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. to take or
ders at the regular price. After
today, the cost will be $K.
Students may have their names
imprinted on the cover of their
Quad for an additional $1.
Today is positively the last
chance to order a 1961 Quad for
$7, the Quad office warns.
Salesmen will be at the Post
Office and Engineering Corner
from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. to take or
ders at the regular price. After
today, the cost will be $K.
Students may have their names
imprinted on the cover of their
Quad for an additional $1.
Today is positively the last
chance to order a 1961 Quad for
$7, the Quad office warns.
Salesmen will be at the Post
Office and Engineering Corner
from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. to take or
ders at the regular price. After
today, the cost will be $K.
Students may have their names
imprinted on the cover of their
Quad for an additional $1.
Today is positively the last
chance to order a 1961 Quad for
$7, the Quad office warns.
Salesmen will be at the Post
Office and Engineering Corner
from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. to take or
ders at the regular price. After
today, the cost will be $K.
Students may have their names
imprinted on the cover of their
Quad for an additional $1.
Today is positively the last
chance to order a 1961 Quad for
$7, the Quad office warns.
Salesmen will be at the Post
Office and Engineering Corner
from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. to take or
ders at the regular price. After
today, the cost will be $K.
Students may have their names
imprinted on the cover of their
Quad for an additional $1.
Today is positively the last
chance to order a 1961 Quad for
$7, the Quad office warns.
Salesmen will be at the Post
Office and Engineering Corner
from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. to take or
ders at the regular price. After
today, the cost will be $K.
Students may have their names
imprinted on the cover of their
Quad for an additional $1.
Today is positively the last
chance to order a 1961 Quad for
$7, the Quad office warns.
Salesmen will be at the Post
Office and Engineering Corner
from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. to take or
ders at the regular price. After
today, the cost will be $K.
Students may have their names
imprinted on the cover of their
Quad for an additional $1.
Today is positively the last
chance to order a 1961 Quad for
$7, the Quad office warns.
Salesmen will be at the Post
Office and Engineering Corner
from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. to take or
ders at the regular price. After
today, the cost will be $K.
Students may have their names
imprinted on the cover of their
Quad for an additional $1.
Today is positively the last
chance to order a 1961 Quad for
$7, the Quad office warns.
Salesmen will be at the Post
Office and Engineering Corner
from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. to take or
ders at the regular price. After
today, the cost will be $K.
Students may have their names
imprinted on the cover of their
Quad for an additional $1.
Today is positively the last
chance to order a 1961 Quad for
$7, the Quad office warns.
Salesmen will be at the Post
Office and Engineering Corner
from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. to take or
ders at the regular price. After
today, the cost will be $K.
Students may have their names
imprinted on the cover of their
Quad for an additional $1.
Today is positively the last
chance to order a 1961 Quad for
$7, the Quad office warns.
Salesmen will be at the Post
Office and Engineering Corner
from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. to take or
ders at the regular price. After
today, the cost will be $K.
Students may have their names
imprinted on the cover of their
Quad for an additional $1.
