# ASSU Finance Position Open
## 
### 
Applications for ASSU stu
dent financial manager for
1961-62 are now available in
the ASSU Office.
The student financial man
ager heads the ASSU busi
ness section, and also is con
troller for all other student
organizations. His salary is
$100 a month. A new financial
manager will take office
Spring quarter.
Applications for ASSU stu
dent financial manager for
1961-62 are now available in
the ASSU Office.
The student financial man
ager heads the ASSU busi
ness section, and also is con
troller for all other student
organizations. His salary is
$100 a month. A new financial
manager will take office
Spring quarter.
Applications for ASSU stu
dent financial manager for
1961-62 are now available in
the ASSU Office.
The student financial man
ager heads the ASSU busi
ness section, and also is con
troller for all other student
organizations. His salary is
$100 a month. A new financial
manager will take office
Spring quarter.
Applications for ASSU stu
dent financial manager for
1961-62 are now available in
the ASSU Office.
The student financial man
ager heads the ASSU busi
ness section, and also is con
troller for all other student
organizations. His salary is
$100 a month. A new financial
manager will take office
Spring quarter.
Applications for ASSU stu
dent financial manager for
1961-62 are now available in
the ASSU Office.
The student financial man
ager heads the ASSU busi
ness section, and also is con
troller for all other student
organizations. His salary is
$100 a month. A new financial
manager will take office
Spring quarter.
Applications for ASSU stu
dent financial manager for
1961-62 are now available in
the ASSU Office.
The student financial man
ager heads the ASSU busi
ness section, and also is con
troller for all other student
organizations. His salary is
$100 a month. A new financial
manager will take office
Spring quarter.
Applications for ASSU stu
dent financial manager for
1961-62 are now available in
the ASSU Office.
The student financial man
ager heads the ASSU busi
ness section, and also is con
troller for all other student
organizations. His salary is
$100 a month. A new financial
manager will take office
Spring quarter.
Applications for ASSU stu
dent financial manager for
1961-62 are now available in
the ASSU Office.
The student financial man
ager heads the ASSU busi
ness section, and also is con
troller for all other student
organizations. His salary is
$100 a month. A new financial
manager will take office
Spring quarter.
Applications for ASSU stu
dent financial manager for
1961-62 are now available in
the ASSU Office.
The student financial man
ager heads the ASSU busi
ness section, and also is con
troller for all other student
organizations. His salary is
$100 a month. A new financial
manager will take office
Spring quarter.
Applications for ASSU stu
dent financial manager for
1961-62 are now available in
the ASSU Office.
The student financial man
ager heads the ASSU busi
ness section, and also is con
troller for all other student
organizations. His salary is
$100 a month. A new financial
manager will take office
Spring quarter.
Applications for ASSU stu
dent financial manager for
1961-62 are now available in
the ASSU Office.
The student financial man
ager heads the ASSU busi
ness section, and also is con
troller for all other student
organizations. His salary is
$100 a month. A new financial
manager will take office
Spring quarter.
Applications for ASSU stu
dent financial manager for
1961-62 are now available in
the ASSU Office.
The student financial man
ager heads the ASSU busi
ness section, and also is con
troller for all other student
organizations. His salary is
$100 a month. A new financial
manager will take office
Spring quarter.
Applications for ASSU stu
dent financial manager for
1961-62 are now available in
the ASSU Office.
The student financial man
ager heads the ASSU busi
ness section, and also is con
troller for all other student
organizations. His salary is
$100 a month. A new financial
manager will take office
Spring quarter.
Applications for ASSU stu
dent financial manager for
1961-62 are now available in
the ASSU Office.
The student financial man
ager heads the ASSU busi
ness section, and also is con
troller for all other student
organizations. His salary is
$100 a month. A new financial
manager will take office
Spring quarter.
Applications for ASSU stu
dent financial manager for
1961-62 are now available in
the ASSU Office.
The student financial man
ager heads the ASSU busi
ness section, and also is con
troller for all other student
organizations. His salary is
$100 a month. A new financial
manager will take office
Spring quarter.
Applications for ASSU stu
dent financial manager for
1961-62 are now available in
the ASSU Office.
The student financial man
ager heads the ASSU busi
ness section, and also is con
troller for all other student
organizations. His salary is
$100 a month. A new financial
manager will take office
Spring quarter.
