# Hoover Series Commended
## 
### 
The Daily is to be congratulated
upon the publication of the series
on the Hoover Library. Many stu
dents have known little about
these collections, yet they are a
major asset of the University and
can be immensely useful to under
graduates, and not only to post
graduate scholars.
There was one important omis
sion, however. At no point did
your contributors mention the
Hoover's materials on the British
Labor movement. Since these
probably constitute the strongest
collection on the subject in this
country the attention of your
readers should be drawn to them.
They deserve a place in any sur
vey of the Hoover's resources.
RICHARD W. LYMAN
