# IIR Cabaret Slated Feb. 17
## 
### 
Tickets will go on sale for
the International Cabaret to
be held by the Institute of In
ternational Relations Fob. 17.
Students may purchase tick
ets for $2.25 on Quad, at the
I-Center or the Peninsula Box
Office.
The dinner, featuring food
from various countries, will
begin at 6 p.m. in the Menlo
Park Presbyterian Church.
Tickets will go on sale for
the International Cabaret to
be held by the Institute of In
ternational Relations Fob. 17.
Students may purchase tick
ets for $2.25 on Quad, at the
I-Center or the Peninsula Box
Office.
The dinner, featuring food
from various countries, will
begin at 6 p.m. in the Menlo
Park Presbyterian Church.
Tickets will go on sale for
the International Cabaret to
be held by the Institute of In
ternational Relations Fob. 17.
Students may purchase tick
ets for $2.25 on Quad, at the
I-Center or the Peninsula Box
Office.
The dinner, featuring food
from various countries, will
begin at 6 p.m. in the Menlo
Park Presbyterian Church.
Tickets will go on sale for
the International Cabaret to
be held by the Institute of In
ternational Relations Fob. 17.
Students may purchase tick
ets for $2.25 on Quad, at the
I-Center or the Peninsula Box
Office.
The dinner, featuring food
from various countries, will
begin at 6 p.m. in the Menlo
Park Presbyterian Church.
Tickets will go on sale for
the International Cabaret to
be held by the Institute of In
ternational Relations Fob. 17.
Students may purchase tick
ets for $2.25 on Quad, at the
I-Center or the Peninsula Box
Office.
The dinner, featuring food
from various countries, will
begin at 6 p.m. in the Menlo
Park Presbyterian Church.
Tickets will go on sale for
the International Cabaret to
be held by the Institute of In
ternational Relations Fob. 17.
Students may purchase tick
ets for $2.25 on Quad, at the
I-Center or the Peninsula Box
Office.
The dinner, featuring food
from various countries, will
begin at 6 p.m. in the Menlo
Park Presbyterian Church.
Tickets will go on sale for
the International Cabaret to
be held by the Institute of In
ternational Relations Fob. 17.
Students may purchase tick
ets for $2.25 on Quad, at the
I-Center or the Peninsula Box
Office.
The dinner, featuring food
from various countries, will
begin at 6 p.m. in the Menlo
Park Presbyterian Church.
Tickets will go on sale for
the International Cabaret to
be held by the Institute of In
ternational Relations Fob. 17.
Students may purchase tick
ets for $2.25 on Quad, at the
I-Center or the Peninsula Box
Office.
The dinner, featuring food
from various countries, will
begin at 6 p.m. in the Menlo
Park Presbyterian Church.
Tickets will go on sale for
the International Cabaret to
be held by the Institute of In
ternational Relations Fob. 17.
Students may purchase tick
ets for $2.25 on Quad, at the
I-Center or the Peninsula Box
Office.
The dinner, featuring food
from various countries, will
begin at 6 p.m. in the Menlo
Park Presbyterian Church.
Tickets will go on sale for
the International Cabaret to
be held by the Institute of In
ternational Relations Fob. 17.
Students may purchase tick
ets for $2.25 on Quad, at the
I-Center or the Peninsula Box
Office.
The dinner, featuring food
from various countries, will
begin at 6 p.m. in the Menlo
Park Presbyterian Church.
Tickets will go on sale for
the International Cabaret to
be held by the Institute of In
ternational Relations Fob. 17.
Students may purchase tick
ets for $2.25 on Quad, at the
I-Center or the Peninsula Box
Office.
The dinner, featuring food
from various countries, will
begin at 6 p.m. in the Menlo
Park Presbyterian Church.
Tickets will go on sale for
the International Cabaret to
be held by the Institute of In
ternational Relations Fob. 17.
Students may purchase tick
ets for $2.25 on Quad, at the
I-Center or the Peninsula Box
Office.
The dinner, featuring food
from various countries, will
begin at 6 p.m. in the Menlo
Park Presbyterian Church.
Tickets will go on sale for
the International Cabaret to
be held by the Institute of In
ternational Relations Fob. 17.
Students may purchase tick
ets for $2.25 on Quad, at the
I-Center or the Peninsula Box
Office.
The dinner, featuring food
from various countries, will
begin at 6 p.m. in the Menlo
Park Presbyterian Church.
Tickets will go on sale for
the International Cabaret to
be held by the Institute of In
ternational Relations Fob. 17.
Students may purchase tick
ets for $2.25 on Quad, at the
I-Center or the Peninsula Box
Office.
The dinner, featuring food
from various countries, will
begin at 6 p.m. in the Menlo
Park Presbyterian Church.
Tickets will go on sale for
the International Cabaret to
be held by the Institute of In
ternational Relations Fob. 17.
Students may purchase tick
ets for $2.25 on Quad, at the
I-Center or the Peninsula Box
Office.
The dinner, featuring food
from various countries, will
begin at 6 p.m. in the Menlo
Park Presbyterian Church.
Tickets will go on sale for
the International Cabaret to
be held by the Institute of In
ternational Relations Fob. 17.
Students may purchase tick
ets for $2.25 on Quad, at the
I-Center or the Peninsula Box
Office.
The dinner, featuring food
from various countries, will
begin at 6 p.m. in the Menlo
Park Presbyterian Church.
