# Kennedy Hopes To Ease Tensions
## 
### 
WASHINGTON (UPH- Presi
dent Kennedy indicated yesterday
that he hoped future U.S.-Soviet
talks would lead to an easing of
tensions in both the Congo and
Laos.
TIIL PItKSIDKXT indicated
that a previous "full result" of
such talks was the Soviet release
of the two imprisoned U.S. air
men. Kennedy repeated yesterday
that this act "removed a serious
obstacle to harmonious relations
with the Soviet Union."
Something more definite on fu
ture U.S. strategy toward Russia
should emerge from talks Ken
nedy will hold this week with
Llewellyn Thompson, U.S. am
bassador to Moscow who was
scheduled to arrive in Washing
ton last night.
