# November 16 Set for Staging of 'Cinderella Man'
## 
### 
Sword and Sandals has .set Friday,
November 16th, as the date on which
the curtain will rise on "The Cinder
ella Man" in the Stanford Assembly
Hall, the first campus production of
the college year. It was announced
earlier that this play would be given
on November 9, but due to the short
time that would be allowed for re
hearsals, this date had to be changed
to November 16.
Rehearsals for"The Cinderella
.Man" will begin Saturday morning at
10 o'clock sharp, in the Assembly
Hall, when Frank L. Mathieu will be
present to put the cast through the
first work of the new play. Director
Mathieu, who has perfected many
Stanford casts in the past, is en
thusiastic over the outlook for"The
Cinderella Man," not only because of
the excellence of the play, itself, which
Sword and Sandals was so fortunate
in securing, but because of the ex
perienced and well cast personnel
which has been secured to interpret
Edward Childs Carpenter's latest suc
cess.
Sword and Sandals has .set Friday,
November 16th, as the date on which
the curtain will rise on "The Cinder
ella Man" in the Stanford Assembly
Hall, the first campus production of
the college year. It was announced
earlier that this play would be given
on November 9, but due to the short
time that would be allowed for re
hearsals, this date had to be changed
to November 16.
Rehearsals for"The Cinderella
.Man" will begin Saturday morning at
10 o'clock sharp, in the Assembly
Hall, when Frank L. Mathieu will be
present to put the cast through the
first work of the new play. Director
Mathieu, who has perfected many
Stanford casts in the past, is en
thusiastic over the outlook for"The
Cinderella Man," not only because of
the excellence of the play, itself, which
Sword and Sandals was so fortunate
in securing, but because of the ex
perienced and well cast personnel
which has been secured to interpret
Edward Childs Carpenter's latest suc
cess.
Sword and Sandals has .set Friday,
November 16th, as the date on which
the curtain will rise on "The Cinder
ella Man" in the Stanford Assembly
Hall, the first campus production of
the college year. It was announced
earlier that this play would be given
on November 9, but due to the short
time that would be allowed for re
hearsals, this date had to be changed
to November 16.
Rehearsals for"The Cinderella
.Man" will begin Saturday morning at
10 o'clock sharp, in the Assembly
Hall, when Frank L. Mathieu will be
present to put the cast through the
first work of the new play. Director
Mathieu, who has perfected many
Stanford casts in the past, is en
thusiastic over the outlook for"The
Cinderella Man," not only because of
the excellence of the play, itself, which
Sword and Sandals was so fortunate
in securing, but because of the ex
perienced and well cast personnel
which has been secured to interpret
Edward Childs Carpenter's latest suc
cess.
Sword and Sandals has .set Friday,
November 16th, as the date on which
the curtain will rise on "The Cinder
ella Man" in the Stanford Assembly
Hall, the first campus production of
the college year. It was announced
earlier that this play would be given
on November 9, but due to the short
time that would be allowed for re
hearsals, this date had to be changed
to November 16.
Rehearsals for"The Cinderella
.Man" will begin Saturday morning at
10 o'clock sharp, in the Assembly
Hall, when Frank L. Mathieu will be
present to put the cast through the
first work of the new play. Director
Mathieu, who has perfected many
Stanford casts in the past, is en
thusiastic over the outlook for"The
Cinderella Man," not only because of
the excellence of the play, itself, which
Sword and Sandals was so fortunate
in securing, but because of the ex
perienced and well cast personnel
which has been secured to interpret
Edward Childs Carpenter's latest suc
cess.
Sword and Sandals has .set Friday,
November 16th, as the date on which
the curtain will rise on "The Cinder
ella Man" in the Stanford Assembly
Hall, the first campus production of
the college year. It was announced
earlier that this play would be given
on November 9, but due to the short
time that would be allowed for re
hearsals, this date had to be changed
to November 16.
Rehearsals for"The Cinderella
.Man" will begin Saturday morning at
10 o'clock sharp, in the Assembly
Hall, when Frank L. Mathieu will be
present to put the cast through the
first work of the new play. Director
Mathieu, who has perfected many
Stanford casts in the past, is en
thusiastic over the outlook for"The
Cinderella Man," not only because of
the excellence of the play, itself, which
Sword and Sandals was so fortunate
in securing, but because of the ex
perienced and well cast personnel
which has been secured to interpret
Edward Childs Carpenter's latest suc
cess.
Sword and Sandals has .set Friday,
November 16th, as the date on which
the curtain will rise on "The Cinder
ella Man" in the Stanford Assembly
Hall, the first campus production of
the college year. It was announced
earlier that this play would be given
on November 9, but due to the short
time that would be allowed for re
hearsals, this date had to be changed
to November 16.
Rehearsals for"The Cinderella
.Man" will begin Saturday morning at
10 o'clock sharp, in the Assembly
Hall, when Frank L. Mathieu will be
present to put the cast through the
first work of the new play. Director
Mathieu, who has perfected many
Stanford casts in the past, is en
thusiastic over the outlook for"The
Cinderella Man," not only because of
the excellence of the play, itself, which
Sword and Sandals was so fortunate
in securing, but because of the ex
perienced and well cast personnel
which has been secured to interpret
Edward Childs Carpenter's latest suc
cess.
Sword and Sandals has .set Friday,
November 16th, as the date on which
the curtain will rise on "The Cinder
ella Man" in the Stanford Assembly
Hall, the first campus production of
the college year. It was announced
earlier that this play would be given
on November 9, but due to the short
time that would be allowed for re
hearsals, this date had to be changed
to November 16.
Rehearsals for"The Cinderella
.Man" will begin Saturday morning at
10 o'clock sharp, in the Assembly
Hall, when Frank L. Mathieu will be
present to put the cast through the
first work of the new play. Director
Mathieu, who has perfected many
Stanford casts in the past, is en
thusiastic over the outlook for"The
Cinderella Man," not only because of
the excellence of the play, itself, which
Sword and Sandals was so fortunate
in securing, but because of the ex
perienced and well cast personnel
which has been secured to interpret
Edward Childs Carpenter's latest suc
cess.
Sword and Sandals has .set Friday,
November 16th, as the date on which
the curtain will rise on "The Cinder
ella Man" in the Stanford Assembly
Hall, the first campus production of
the college year. It was announced
earlier that this play would be given
on November 9, but due to the short
time that would be allowed for re
hearsals, this date had to be changed
to November 16.
Rehearsals for"The Cinderella
.Man" will begin Saturday morning at
10 o'clock sharp, in the Assembly
Hall, when Frank L. Mathieu will be
present to put the cast through the
first work of the new play. Director
Mathieu, who has perfected many
Stanford casts in the past, is en
thusiastic over the outlook for"The
Cinderella Man," not only because of
the excellence of the play, itself, which
Sword and Sandals was so fortunate
in securing, but because of the ex
perienced and well cast personnel
which has been secured to interpret
Edward Childs Carpenter's latest suc
cess.
Sword and Sandals has .set Friday,
November 16th, as the date on which
the curtain will rise on "The Cinder
ella Man" in the Stanford Assembly
Hall, the first campus production of
the college year. It was announced
earlier that this play would be given
on November 9, but due to the short
time that would be allowed for re
hearsals, this date had to be changed
to November 16.
Rehearsals for"The Cinderella
.Man" will begin Saturday morning at
10 o'clock sharp, in the Assembly
Hall, when Frank L. Mathieu will be
present to put the cast through the
first work of the new play. Director
Mathieu, who has perfected many
Stanford casts in the past, is en
thusiastic over the outlook for"The
Cinderella Man," not only because of
the excellence of the play, itself, which
Sword and Sandals was so fortunate
in securing, but because of the ex
perienced and well cast personnel
which has been secured to interpret
Edward Childs Carpenter's latest suc
cess.
Sword and Sandals has .set Friday,
November 16th, as the date on which
the curtain will rise on "The Cinder
ella Man" in the Stanford Assembly
Hall, the first campus production of
the college year. It was announced
earlier that this play would be given
on November 9, but due to the short
time that would be allowed for re
hearsals, this date had to be changed
to November 16.
Rehearsals for"The Cinderella
.Man" will begin Saturday morning at
10 o'clock sharp, in the Assembly
Hall, when Frank L. Mathieu will be
present to put the cast through the
first work of the new play. Director
Mathieu, who has perfected many
Stanford casts in the past, is en
thusiastic over the outlook for"The
Cinderella Man," not only because of
the excellence of the play, itself, which
Sword and Sandals was so fortunate
in securing, but because of the ex
perienced and well cast personnel
which has been secured to interpret
Edward Childs Carpenter's latest suc
cess.
Sword and Sandals has .set Friday,
November 16th, as the date on which
the curtain will rise on "The Cinder
ella Man" in the Stanford Assembly
Hall, the first campus production of
the college year. It was announced
earlier that this play would be given
on November 9, but due to the short
time that would be allowed for re
hearsals, this date had to be changed
to November 16.
Rehearsals for"The Cinderella
.Man" will begin Saturday morning at
10 o'clock sharp, in the Assembly
Hall, when Frank L. Mathieu will be
present to put the cast through the
first work of the new play. Director
Mathieu, who has perfected many
Stanford casts in the past, is en
thusiastic over the outlook for"The
Cinderella Man," not only because of
the excellence of the play, itself, which
Sword and Sandals was so fortunate
in securing, but because of the ex
perienced and well cast personnel
which has been secured to interpret
Edward Childs Carpenter's latest suc
cess.
Sword and Sandals has .set Friday,
November 16th, as the date on which
the curtain will rise on "The Cinder
ella Man" in the Stanford Assembly
Hall, the first campus production of
the college year. It was announced
earlier that this play would be given
on November 9, but due to the short
time that would be allowed for re
hearsals, this date had to be changed
to November 16.
Rehearsals for"The Cinderella
.Man" will begin Saturday morning at
10 o'clock sharp, in the Assembly
Hall, when Frank L. Mathieu will be
present to put the cast through the
first work of the new play. Director
Mathieu, who has perfected many
Stanford casts in the past, is en
thusiastic over the outlook for"The
Cinderella Man," not only because of
the excellence of the play, itself, which
Sword and Sandals was so fortunate
in securing, but because of the ex
perienced and well cast personnel
which has been secured to interpret
Edward Childs Carpenter's latest suc
cess.
Sword and Sandals has .set Friday,
November 16th, as the date on which
the curtain will rise on "The Cinder
ella Man" in the Stanford Assembly
Hall, the first campus production of
the college year. It was announced
earlier that this play would be given
on November 9, but due to the short
time that would be allowed for re
hearsals, this date had to be changed
to November 16.
Rehearsals for"The Cinderella
.Man" will begin Saturday morning at
10 o'clock sharp, in the Assembly
Hall, when Frank L. Mathieu will be
present to put the cast through the
first work of the new play. Director
Mathieu, who has perfected many
Stanford casts in the past, is en
thusiastic over the outlook for"The
Cinderella Man," not only because of
the excellence of the play, itself, which
Sword and Sandals was so fortunate
in securing, but because of the ex
perienced and well cast personnel
which has been secured to interpret
Edward Childs Carpenter's latest suc
cess.
Sword and Sandals has .set Friday,
November 16th, as the date on which
the curtain will rise on "The Cinder
ella Man" in the Stanford Assembly
Hall, the first campus production of
the college year. It was announced
earlier that this play would be given
on November 9, but due to the short
time that would be allowed for re
hearsals, this date had to be changed
to November 16.
Rehearsals for"The Cinderella
.Man" will begin Saturday morning at
10 o'clock sharp, in the Assembly
Hall, when Frank L. Mathieu will be
present to put the cast through the
first work of the new play. Director
Mathieu, who has perfected many
Stanford casts in the past, is en
thusiastic over the outlook for"The
Cinderella Man," not only because of
the excellence of the play, itself, which
Sword and Sandals was so fortunate
in securing, but because of the ex
perienced and well cast personnel
which has been secured to interpret
Edward Childs Carpenter's latest suc
cess.
Sword and Sandals has .set Friday,
November 16th, as the date on which
the curtain will rise on "The Cinder
ella Man" in the Stanford Assembly
Hall, the first campus production of
the college year. It was announced
earlier that this play would be given
on November 9, but due to the short
time that would be allowed for re
hearsals, this date had to be changed
to November 16.
Rehearsals for"The Cinderella
.Man" will begin Saturday morning at
10 o'clock sharp, in the Assembly
Hall, when Frank L. Mathieu will be
present to put the cast through the
first work of the new play. Director
Mathieu, who has perfected many
Stanford casts in the past, is en
thusiastic over the outlook for"The
Cinderella Man," not only because of
the excellence of the play, itself, which
Sword and Sandals was so fortunate
in securing, but because of the ex
perienced and well cast personnel
which has been secured to interpret
Edward Childs Carpenter's latest suc
cess.
