# Student Body Dance For Tomorrow Night
## 
### 
A regular student body dance will be
given tomorrow evening in the Encina
Club rooms at 8:00 p. m. The committee
in charge of the event announces that
the affair is not of a jolly-up nature.
Proceeds from the one dollar plus war
tax admission charge will go to paying
for the barbecue given to the Olympic
Club football players in the afternoon.
A regular student body dance will be
given tomorrow evening in the Encina
Club rooms at 8:00 p. m. The committee
in charge of the event announces that
the affair is not of a jolly-up nature.
Proceeds from the one dollar plus war
tax admission charge will go to paying
for the barbecue given to the Olympic
Club football players in the afternoon.
A regular student body dance will be
given tomorrow evening in the Encina
Club rooms at 8:00 p. m. The committee
in charge of the event announces that
the affair is not of a jolly-up nature.
Proceeds from the one dollar plus war
tax admission charge will go to paying
for the barbecue given to the Olympic
Club football players in the afternoon.
A regular student body dance will be
given tomorrow evening in the Encina
Club rooms at 8:00 p. m. The committee
in charge of the event announces that
the affair is not of a jolly-up nature.
Proceeds from the one dollar plus war
tax admission charge will go to paying
for the barbecue given to the Olympic
Club football players in the afternoon.
A regular student body dance will be
given tomorrow evening in the Encina
Club rooms at 8:00 p. m. The committee
in charge of the event announces that
the affair is not of a jolly-up nature.
Proceeds from the one dollar plus war
tax admission charge will go to paying
for the barbecue given to the Olympic
Club football players in the afternoon.
A regular student body dance will be
given tomorrow evening in the Encina
Club rooms at 8:00 p. m. The committee
in charge of the event announces that
the affair is not of a jolly-up nature.
Proceeds from the one dollar plus war
tax admission charge will go to paying
for the barbecue given to the Olympic
Club football players in the afternoon.
A regular student body dance will be
given tomorrow evening in the Encina
Club rooms at 8:00 p. m. The committee
in charge of the event announces that
the affair is not of a jolly-up nature.
Proceeds from the one dollar plus war
tax admission charge will go to paying
for the barbecue given to the Olympic
Club football players in the afternoon.
A regular student body dance will be
given tomorrow evening in the Encina
Club rooms at 8:00 p. m. The committee
in charge of the event announces that
the affair is not of a jolly-up nature.
Proceeds from the one dollar plus war
tax admission charge will go to paying
for the barbecue given to the Olympic
Club football players in the afternoon.
A regular student body dance will be
given tomorrow evening in the Encina
Club rooms at 8:00 p. m. The committee
in charge of the event announces that
the affair is not of a jolly-up nature.
Proceeds from the one dollar plus war
tax admission charge will go to paying
for the barbecue given to the Olympic
Club football players in the afternoon.
A regular student body dance will be
given tomorrow evening in the Encina
Club rooms at 8:00 p. m. The committee
in charge of the event announces that
the affair is not of a jolly-up nature.
Proceeds from the one dollar plus war
tax admission charge will go to paying
for the barbecue given to the Olympic
Club football players in the afternoon.
A regular student body dance will be
given tomorrow evening in the Encina
Club rooms at 8:00 p. m. The committee
in charge of the event announces that
the affair is not of a jolly-up nature.
Proceeds from the one dollar plus war
tax admission charge will go to paying
for the barbecue given to the Olympic
Club football players in the afternoon.
A regular student body dance will be
given tomorrow evening in the Encina
Club rooms at 8:00 p. m. The committee
in charge of the event announces that
the affair is not of a jolly-up nature.
Proceeds from the one dollar plus war
tax admission charge will go to paying
for the barbecue given to the Olympic
Club football players in the afternoon.
A regular student body dance will be
given tomorrow evening in the Encina
Club rooms at 8:00 p. m. The committee
in charge of the event announces that
the affair is not of a jolly-up nature.
Proceeds from the one dollar plus war
tax admission charge will go to paying
for the barbecue given to the Olympic
Club football players in the afternoon.
