# Pre-Med Club Selects Officials At Last Meeting
## 
### 
The charter officers of the Pre-
Medical Club were elected at a
meeting last night as follows: presi
dent, Otis Smith, who was organizer
of the club; vice-president, Bruce
Anderson; and secretary-treasurer,
Wallace Brooke. They will hold of
fice until spring quarter 1934.
Joseph C. Hinsey, Stanford profes
sor of anatomy and pre-medical ad
viser, spoke to the club on the
qualities which a pre-med student
should develop to insure success,
and also on the way in which a
pre-med club aids to the attainment
of this end.
The fifteen members piesent
signed the completed charter, and
will be the charter members of the
club.
The charter officers of the Pre-
Medical Club were elected at a
meeting last night as follows: presi
dent, Otis Smith, who was organizer
of the club; vice-president, Bruce
Anderson; and secretary-treasurer,
Wallace Brooke. They will hold of
fice until spring quarter 1934.
Joseph C. Hinsey, Stanford profes
sor of anatomy and pre-medical ad
viser, spoke to the club on the
qualities which a pre-med student
should develop to insure success,
and also on the way in which a
pre-med club aids to the attainment
of this end.
The fifteen members piesent
signed the completed charter, and
will be the charter members of the
club.
The charter officers of the Pre-
Medical Club were elected at a
meeting last night as follows: presi
dent, Otis Smith, who was organizer
of the club; vice-president, Bruce
Anderson; and secretary-treasurer,
Wallace Brooke. They will hold of
fice until spring quarter 1934.
Joseph C. Hinsey, Stanford profes
sor of anatomy and pre-medical ad
viser, spoke to the club on the
qualities which a pre-med student
should develop to insure success,
and also on the way in which a
pre-med club aids to the attainment
of this end.
The fifteen members piesent
signed the completed charter, and
will be the charter members of the
club.
The charter officers of the Pre-
Medical Club were elected at a
meeting last night as follows: presi
dent, Otis Smith, who was organizer
of the club; vice-president, Bruce
Anderson; and secretary-treasurer,
Wallace Brooke. They will hold of
fice until spring quarter 1934.
Joseph C. Hinsey, Stanford profes
sor of anatomy and pre-medical ad
viser, spoke to the club on the
qualities which a pre-med student
should develop to insure success,
and also on the way in which a
pre-med club aids to the attainment
of this end.
The fifteen members piesent
signed the completed charter, and
will be the charter members of the
club.
The charter officers of the Pre-
Medical Club were elected at a
meeting last night as follows: presi
dent, Otis Smith, who was organizer
of the club; vice-president, Bruce
Anderson; and secretary-treasurer,
Wallace Brooke. They will hold of
fice until spring quarter 1934.
Joseph C. Hinsey, Stanford profes
sor of anatomy and pre-medical ad
viser, spoke to the club on the
qualities which a pre-med student
should develop to insure success,
and also on the way in which a
pre-med club aids to the attainment
of this end.
The fifteen members piesent
signed the completed charter, and
will be the charter members of the
club.
The charter officers of the Pre-
Medical Club were elected at a
meeting last night as follows: presi
dent, Otis Smith, who was organizer
of the club; vice-president, Bruce
Anderson; and secretary-treasurer,
Wallace Brooke. They will hold of
fice until spring quarter 1934.
Joseph C. Hinsey, Stanford profes
sor of anatomy and pre-medical ad
viser, spoke to the club on the
qualities which a pre-med student
should develop to insure success,
and also on the way in which a
pre-med club aids to the attainment
of this end.
The fifteen members piesent
signed the completed charter, and
will be the charter members of the
club.
The charter officers of the Pre-
Medical Club were elected at a
meeting last night as follows: presi
dent, Otis Smith, who was organizer
of the club; vice-president, Bruce
Anderson; and secretary-treasurer,
Wallace Brooke. They will hold of
fice until spring quarter 1934.
Joseph C. Hinsey, Stanford profes
sor of anatomy and pre-medical ad
viser, spoke to the club on the
qualities which a pre-med student
should develop to insure success,
and also on the way in which a
pre-med club aids to the attainment
of this end.
The fifteen members piesent
signed the completed charter, and
will be the charter members of the
club.
The charter officers of the Pre-
Medical Club were elected at a
meeting last night as follows: presi
dent, Otis Smith, who was organizer
of the club; vice-president, Bruce
Anderson; and secretary-treasurer,
Wallace Brooke. They will hold of
fice until spring quarter 1934.
Joseph C. Hinsey, Stanford profes
sor of anatomy and pre-medical ad
viser, spoke to the club on the
qualities which a pre-med student
should develop to insure success,
and also on the way in which a
pre-med club aids to the attainment
of this end.
The fifteen members piesent
signed the completed charter, and
will be the charter members of the
club.
The charter officers of the Pre-
Medical Club were elected at a
meeting last night as follows: presi
dent, Otis Smith, who was organizer
of the club; vice-president, Bruce
Anderson; and secretary-treasurer,
Wallace Brooke. They will hold of
fice until spring quarter 1934.
Joseph C. Hinsey, Stanford profes
sor of anatomy and pre-medical ad
viser, spoke to the club on the
qualities which a pre-med student
should develop to insure success,
and also on the way in which a
pre-med club aids to the attainment
of this end.
The fifteen members piesent
signed the completed charter, and
will be the charter members of the
club.
The charter officers of the Pre-
Medical Club were elected at a
meeting last night as follows: presi
dent, Otis Smith, who was organizer
of the club; vice-president, Bruce
Anderson; and secretary-treasurer,
Wallace Brooke. They will hold of
fice until spring quarter 1934.
Joseph C. Hinsey, Stanford profes
sor of anatomy and pre-medical ad
viser, spoke to the club on the
qualities which a pre-med student
should develop to insure success,
and also on the way in which a
pre-med club aids to the attainment
of this end.
The fifteen members piesent
signed the completed charter, and
will be the charter members of the
club.
The charter officers of the Pre-
Medical Club were elected at a
meeting last night as follows: presi
dent, Otis Smith, who was organizer
of the club; vice-president, Bruce
Anderson; and secretary-treasurer,
Wallace Brooke. They will hold of
fice until spring quarter 1934.
Joseph C. Hinsey, Stanford profes
sor of anatomy and pre-medical ad
viser, spoke to the club on the
qualities which a pre-med student
should develop to insure success,
and also on the way in which a
pre-med club aids to the attainment
of this end.
The fifteen members piesent
signed the completed charter, and
will be the charter members of the
club.
The charter officers of the Pre-
Medical Club were elected at a
meeting last night as follows: presi
dent, Otis Smith, who was organizer
of the club; vice-president, Bruce
Anderson; and secretary-treasurer,
Wallace Brooke. They will hold of
fice until spring quarter 1934.
Joseph C. Hinsey, Stanford profes
sor of anatomy and pre-medical ad
viser, spoke to the club on the
qualities which a pre-med student
should develop to insure success,
and also on the way in which a
pre-med club aids to the attainment
of this end.
The fifteen members piesent
signed the completed charter, and
will be the charter members of the
club.
The charter officers of the Pre-
Medical Club were elected at a
meeting last night as follows: presi
dent, Otis Smith, who was organizer
of the club; vice-president, Bruce
Anderson; and secretary-treasurer,
Wallace Brooke. They will hold of
fice until spring quarter 1934.
Joseph C. Hinsey, Stanford profes
sor of anatomy and pre-medical ad
viser, spoke to the club on the
qualities which a pre-med student
should develop to insure success,
and also on the way in which a
pre-med club aids to the attainment
of this end.
The fifteen members piesent
signed the completed charter, and
will be the charter members of the
club.
The charter officers of the Pre-
Medical Club were elected at a
meeting last night as follows: presi
dent, Otis Smith, who was organizer
of the club; vice-president, Bruce
Anderson; and secretary-treasurer,
Wallace Brooke. They will hold of
fice until spring quarter 1934.
Joseph C. Hinsey, Stanford profes
sor of anatomy and pre-medical ad
viser, spoke to the club on the
qualities which a pre-med student
should develop to insure success,
and also on the way in which a
pre-med club aids to the attainment
of this end.
The fifteen members piesent
signed the completed charter, and
will be the charter members of the
club.
