# Puts Them To Sleep
## 
### 

Frank Van Hee, 203 pound heavy
weight boxer of Port Orchard,
Wash., won 17 of his last 20 fights
by knockouts. All of the sleep pro
ducing punches were delivered in
three rounds or less. (Associated
Press Photo'*

Frank Van Hee, 203 pound heavy
weight boxer of Port Orchard,
Wash., won 17 of his last 20 fights
by knockouts. All of the sleep pro
ducing punches were delivered in
three rounds or less. (Associated
Press Photo'*

Frank Van Hee, 203 pound heavy
weight boxer of Port Orchard,
Wash., won 17 of his last 20 fights
by knockouts. All of the sleep pro
ducing punches were delivered in
three rounds or less. (Associated
Press Photo'*

Frank Van Hee, 203 pound heavy
weight boxer of Port Orchard,
Wash., won 17 of his last 20 fights
by knockouts. All of the sleep pro
ducing punches were delivered in
three rounds or less. (Associated
Press Photo'*

Frank Van Hee, 203 pound heavy
weight boxer of Port Orchard,
Wash., won 17 of his last 20 fights
by knockouts. All of the sleep pro
ducing punches were delivered in
three rounds or less. (Associated
Press Photo'*

Frank Van Hee, 203 pound heavy
weight boxer of Port Orchard,
Wash., won 17 of his last 20 fights
by knockouts. All of the sleep pro
ducing punches were delivered in
three rounds or less. (Associated
Press Photo'*

Frank Van Hee, 203 pound heavy
weight boxer of Port Orchard,
Wash., won 17 of his last 20 fights
by knockouts. All of the sleep pro
ducing punches were delivered in
three rounds or less. (Associated
Press Photo'*

Frank Van Hee, 203 pound heavy
weight boxer of Port Orchard,
Wash., won 17 of his last 20 fights
by knockouts. All of the sleep pro
ducing punches were delivered in
three rounds or less. (Associated
Press Photo'*

Frank Van Hee, 203 pound heavy
weight boxer of Port Orchard,
Wash., won 17 of his last 20 fights
by knockouts. All of the sleep pro
ducing punches were delivered in
three rounds or less. (Associated
Press Photo'*

Frank Van Hee, 203 pound heavy
weight boxer of Port Orchard,
Wash., won 17 of his last 20 fights
by knockouts. All of the sleep pro
ducing punches were delivered in
three rounds or less. (Associated
Press Photo'*

Frank Van Hee, 203 pound heavy
weight boxer of Port Orchard,
Wash., won 17 of his last 20 fights
by knockouts. All of the sleep pro
ducing punches were delivered in
three rounds or less. (Associated
Press Photo'*

Frank Van Hee, 203 pound heavy
weight boxer of Port Orchard,
Wash., won 17 of his last 20 fights
by knockouts. All of the sleep pro
ducing punches were delivered in
three rounds or less. (Associated
Press Photo'*

Frank Van Hee, 203 pound heavy
weight boxer of Port Orchard,
Wash., won 17 of his last 20 fights
by knockouts. All of the sleep pro
ducing punches were delivered in
three rounds or less. (Associated
Press Photo'*

Frank Van Hee, 203 pound heavy
weight boxer of Port Orchard,
Wash., won 17 of his last 20 fights
by knockouts. All of the sleep pro
ducing punches were delivered in
three rounds or less. (Associated
Press Photo'*
