# LINDBERGHS HEAD WEST
## 
### 
JOPLIN, Mo., April 2(i (/1 J )- Col
onel Charles A. Lindbergh landed at
Junge municipal airport at 5:25
o'clock this afternoon and took of!
again twelve minutes later. lie left
here headed west.
Oberlin co-eds may smoke in their
rooms if they have fire extinguishers.
JOPLIN, Mo., April 2(i (/1 J )- Col
onel Charles A. Lindbergh landed at
Junge municipal airport at 5:25
o'clock this afternoon and took of!
again twelve minutes later. lie left
here headed west.
Oberlin co-eds may smoke in their
rooms if they have fire extinguishers.
JOPLIN, Mo., April 2(i (/1 J )- Col
onel Charles A. Lindbergh landed at
Junge municipal airport at 5:25
o'clock this afternoon and took of!
again twelve minutes later. lie left
here headed west.
Oberlin co-eds may smoke in their
rooms if they have fire extinguishers.
JOPLIN, Mo., April 2(i (/1 J )- Col
onel Charles A. Lindbergh landed at
Junge municipal airport at 5:25
o'clock this afternoon and took of!
again twelve minutes later. lie left
here headed west.
Oberlin co-eds may smoke in their
rooms if they have fire extinguishers.
JOPLIN, Mo., April 2(i (/1 J )- Col
onel Charles A. Lindbergh landed at
Junge municipal airport at 5:25
o'clock this afternoon and took of!
again twelve minutes later. lie left
here headed west.
Oberlin co-eds may smoke in their
rooms if they have fire extinguishers.
JOPLIN, Mo., April 2(i (/1 J )- Col
onel Charles A. Lindbergh landed at
Junge municipal airport at 5:25
o'clock this afternoon and took of!
again twelve minutes later. lie left
here headed west.
Oberlin co-eds may smoke in their
rooms if they have fire extinguishers.
JOPLIN, Mo., April 2(i (/1 J )- Col
onel Charles A. Lindbergh landed at
Junge municipal airport at 5:25
o'clock this afternoon and took of!
again twelve minutes later. lie left
here headed west.
Oberlin co-eds may smoke in their
rooms if they have fire extinguishers.
JOPLIN, Mo., April 2(i (/1 J )- Col
onel Charles A. Lindbergh landed at
Junge municipal airport at 5:25
o'clock this afternoon and took of!
again twelve minutes later. lie left
here headed west.
Oberlin co-eds may smoke in their
rooms if they have fire extinguishers.
JOPLIN, Mo., April 2(i (/1 J )- Col
onel Charles A. Lindbergh landed at
Junge municipal airport at 5:25
o'clock this afternoon and took of!
again twelve minutes later. lie left
here headed west.
Oberlin co-eds may smoke in their
rooms if they have fire extinguishers.
JOPLIN, Mo., April 2(i (/1 J )- Col
onel Charles A. Lindbergh landed at
Junge municipal airport at 5:25
o'clock this afternoon and took of!
again twelve minutes later. lie left
here headed west.
Oberlin co-eds may smoke in their
rooms if they have fire extinguishers.
JOPLIN, Mo., April 2(i (/1 J )- Col
onel Charles A. Lindbergh landed at
Junge municipal airport at 5:25
o'clock this afternoon and took of!
again twelve minutes later. lie left
here headed west.
Oberlin co-eds may smoke in their
rooms if they have fire extinguishers.
JOPLIN, Mo., April 2(i (/1 J )- Col
onel Charles A. Lindbergh landed at
Junge municipal airport at 5:25
o'clock this afternoon and took of!
again twelve minutes later. lie left
here headed west.
Oberlin co-eds may smoke in their
rooms if they have fire extinguishers.
JOPLIN, Mo., April 2(i (/1 J )- Col
onel Charles A. Lindbergh landed at
Junge municipal airport at 5:25
o'clock this afternoon and took of!
again twelve minutes later. lie left
here headed west.
Oberlin co-eds may smoke in their
rooms if they have fire extinguishers.
JOPLIN, Mo., April 2(i (/1 J )- Col
onel Charles A. Lindbergh landed at
Junge municipal airport at 5:25
o'clock this afternoon and took of!
again twelve minutes later. lie left
here headed west.
Oberlin co-eds may smoke in their
rooms if they have fire extinguishers.
