# 'Forty-Niner' Book Released by Press
## 
### 
'"Express and Stagecoach Days in
California" is the title of the new
book by Professor Oscar O. Winter,
of the history department, just re
leased by the University Press.
Among the many books written on
the 'forty-niner epic and the years
following it, Dr. Winther's stands
out as an historically accurate ac
count of express and stagecoach
business wilh emphasis on its place
in the social and economic life of
early California.
'"Express and Stagecoach Days in
California" is the title of the new
book by Professor Oscar O. Winter,
of the history department, just re
leased by the University Press.
Among the many books written on
the 'forty-niner epic and the years
following it, Dr. Winther's stands
out as an historically accurate ac
count of express and stagecoach
business wilh emphasis on its place
in the social and economic life of
early California.
'"Express and Stagecoach Days in
California" is the title of the new
book by Professor Oscar O. Winter,
of the history department, just re
leased by the University Press.
Among the many books written on
the 'forty-niner epic and the years
following it, Dr. Winther's stands
out as an historically accurate ac
count of express and stagecoach
business wilh emphasis on its place
in the social and economic life of
early California.
'"Express and Stagecoach Days in
California" is the title of the new
book by Professor Oscar O. Winter,
of the history department, just re
leased by the University Press.
Among the many books written on
the 'forty-niner epic and the years
following it, Dr. Winther's stands
out as an historically accurate ac
count of express and stagecoach
business wilh emphasis on its place
in the social and economic life of
early California.
'"Express and Stagecoach Days in
California" is the title of the new
book by Professor Oscar O. Winter,
of the history department, just re
leased by the University Press.
Among the many books written on
the 'forty-niner epic and the years
following it, Dr. Winther's stands
out as an historically accurate ac
count of express and stagecoach
business wilh emphasis on its place
in the social and economic life of
early California.
'"Express and Stagecoach Days in
California" is the title of the new
book by Professor Oscar O. Winter,
of the history department, just re
leased by the University Press.
Among the many books written on
the 'forty-niner epic and the years
following it, Dr. Winther's stands
out as an historically accurate ac
count of express and stagecoach
business wilh emphasis on its place
in the social and economic life of
early California.
'"Express and Stagecoach Days in
California" is the title of the new
book by Professor Oscar O. Winter,
of the history department, just re
leased by the University Press.
Among the many books written on
the 'forty-niner epic and the years
following it, Dr. Winther's stands
out as an historically accurate ac
count of express and stagecoach
business wilh emphasis on its place
in the social and economic life of
early California.
'"Express and Stagecoach Days in
California" is the title of the new
book by Professor Oscar O. Winter,
of the history department, just re
leased by the University Press.
Among the many books written on
the 'forty-niner epic and the years
following it, Dr. Winther's stands
out as an historically accurate ac
count of express and stagecoach
business wilh emphasis on its place
in the social and economic life of
early California.
'"Express and Stagecoach Days in
California" is the title of the new
book by Professor Oscar O. Winter,
of the history department, just re
leased by the University Press.
Among the many books written on
the 'forty-niner epic and the years
following it, Dr. Winther's stands
out as an historically accurate ac
count of express and stagecoach
business wilh emphasis on its place
in the social and economic life of
early California.
'"Express and Stagecoach Days in
California" is the title of the new
book by Professor Oscar O. Winter,
of the history department, just re
leased by the University Press.
Among the many books written on
the 'forty-niner epic and the years
following it, Dr. Winther's stands
out as an historically accurate ac
count of express and stagecoach
business wilh emphasis on its place
in the social and economic life of
early California.
'"Express and Stagecoach Days in
California" is the title of the new
book by Professor Oscar O. Winter,
of the history department, just re
leased by the University Press.
Among the many books written on
the 'forty-niner epic and the years
following it, Dr. Winther's stands
out as an historically accurate ac
count of express and stagecoach
business wilh emphasis on its place
in the social and economic life of
early California.
'"Express and Stagecoach Days in
California" is the title of the new
book by Professor Oscar O. Winter,
of the history department, just re
leased by the University Press.
Among the many books written on
the 'forty-niner epic and the years
following it, Dr. Winther's stands
out as an historically accurate ac
count of express and stagecoach
business wilh emphasis on its place
in the social and economic life of
early California.
'"Express and Stagecoach Days in
California" is the title of the new
book by Professor Oscar O. Winter,
of the history department, just re
leased by the University Press.
Among the many books written on
the 'forty-niner epic and the years
following it, Dr. Winther's stands
out as an historically accurate ac
count of express and stagecoach
business wilh emphasis on its place
in the social and economic life of
early California.
'"Express and Stagecoach Days in
California" is the title of the new
book by Professor Oscar O. Winter,
of the history department, just re
leased by the University Press.
Among the many books written on
the 'forty-niner epic and the years
following it, Dr. Winther's stands
out as an historically accurate ac
count of express and stagecoach
business wilh emphasis on its place
in the social and economic life of
early California.
'"Express and Stagecoach Days in
California" is the title of the new
book by Professor Oscar O. Winter,
of the history department, just re
leased by the University Press.
Among the many books written on
the 'forty-niner epic and the years
following it, Dr. Winther's stands
out as an historically accurate ac
count of express and stagecoach
business wilh emphasis on its place
in the social and economic life of
early California.
'"Express and Stagecoach Days in
California" is the title of the new
book by Professor Oscar O. Winter,
of the history department, just re
leased by the University Press.
Among the many books written on
the 'forty-niner epic and the years
following it, Dr. Winther's stands
out as an historically accurate ac
count of express and stagecoach
business wilh emphasis on its place
in the social and economic life of
early California.
