# The 						Farm Looks On
## 
### 
I' From Associated Press J
Most nightspots in San Francisco
are firetraps, Municipal Judge
Frank W. Dunn declared, flay
ing Fire Marshal Frank Kelly and
inquiring why the proprietor of !
the Shamrock Club, where four !
we're burned to death Wednesday,
had not been arrested. Authori- ]
ties have promised an investiga- j
tion. Page 1, col. 6.

In a bloodless revolution, Austria's [
fascistic Prince Ernst Von Stahr
emberg was ousted, and Kurt
Schuschnigg became unofficial
dictator. The new chancellor re
newed Austria's pledge of loyalty j
to Italy. Page 1, col. 2.

F.D.R. is leading America into a
"collectivist desert," Herbert Hoo
ver declared in Philadelphia. He
asked that Republicans lead the j
nation out by restoring govern- j
mental morals and revising confi- ;
dence in America's destiny. Page j
1, column 2.

Brawling in a cafe led to the ar
rest of San Francisco Police Offi
cer John C. Farrell, charged with
clubbing Captain Charles Skelly,
secretary of the Police Commis
sion. A short time previously,
Farrell had been suspended for
refusing to testify before the
grand jury, probing departmental
irregularities. Page 1, col. 4.
