# JUNIOR-SENIOR NINE STILL UNDEFEATED
## 
### 
In completing the first round of
interclass baseball last week, the
junior-senior tefim kept its record
clean by trouncing the soph No. 2
team, 9-1. Frances Bonfilio joined
the select circle of those who have
been able to hit one of Ruth
Schmidt's offerings when she man
aged to single in the first inning.
Hers was the only hit the soph team
made.
In completing the first round of
interclass baseball last week, the
junior-senior tefim kept its record
clean by trouncing the soph No. 2
team, 9-1. Frances Bonfilio joined
the select circle of those who have
been able to hit one of Ruth
Schmidt's offerings when she man
aged to single in the first inning.
Hers was the only hit the soph team
made.
In completing the first round of
interclass baseball last week, the
junior-senior tefim kept its record
clean by trouncing the soph No. 2
team, 9-1. Frances Bonfilio joined
the select circle of those who have
been able to hit one of Ruth
Schmidt's offerings when she man
aged to single in the first inning.
Hers was the only hit the soph team
made.
In completing the first round of
interclass baseball last week, the
junior-senior tefim kept its record
clean by trouncing the soph No. 2
team, 9-1. Frances Bonfilio joined
the select circle of those who have
been able to hit one of Ruth
Schmidt's offerings when she man
aged to single in the first inning.
Hers was the only hit the soph team
made.
In completing the first round of
interclass baseball last week, the
junior-senior tefim kept its record
clean by trouncing the soph No. 2
team, 9-1. Frances Bonfilio joined
the select circle of those who have
been able to hit one of Ruth
Schmidt's offerings when she man
aged to single in the first inning.
Hers was the only hit the soph team
made.
In completing the first round of
interclass baseball last week, the
junior-senior tefim kept its record
clean by trouncing the soph No. 2
team, 9-1. Frances Bonfilio joined
the select circle of those who have
been able to hit one of Ruth
Schmidt's offerings when she man
aged to single in the first inning.
Hers was the only hit the soph team
made.
In completing the first round of
interclass baseball last week, the
junior-senior tefim kept its record
clean by trouncing the soph No. 2
team, 9-1. Frances Bonfilio joined
the select circle of those who have
been able to hit one of Ruth
Schmidt's offerings when she man
aged to single in the first inning.
Hers was the only hit the soph team
made.
In completing the first round of
interclass baseball last week, the
junior-senior tefim kept its record
clean by trouncing the soph No. 2
team, 9-1. Frances Bonfilio joined
the select circle of those who have
been able to hit one of Ruth
Schmidt's offerings when she man
aged to single in the first inning.
Hers was the only hit the soph team
made.
In completing the first round of
interclass baseball last week, the
junior-senior tefim kept its record
clean by trouncing the soph No. 2
team, 9-1. Frances Bonfilio joined
the select circle of those who have
been able to hit one of Ruth
Schmidt's offerings when she man
aged to single in the first inning.
Hers was the only hit the soph team
made.
In completing the first round of
interclass baseball last week, the
junior-senior tefim kept its record
clean by trouncing the soph No. 2
team, 9-1. Frances Bonfilio joined
the select circle of those who have
been able to hit one of Ruth
Schmidt's offerings when she man
aged to single in the first inning.
Hers was the only hit the soph team
made.
In completing the first round of
interclass baseball last week, the
junior-senior tefim kept its record
clean by trouncing the soph No. 2
team, 9-1. Frances Bonfilio joined
the select circle of those who have
been able to hit one of Ruth
Schmidt's offerings when she man
aged to single in the first inning.
Hers was the only hit the soph team
made.
In completing the first round of
interclass baseball last week, the
junior-senior tefim kept its record
clean by trouncing the soph No. 2
team, 9-1. Frances Bonfilio joined
the select circle of those who have
been able to hit one of Ruth
Schmidt's offerings when she man
aged to single in the first inning.
Hers was the only hit the soph team
made.
In completing the first round of
interclass baseball last week, the
junior-senior tefim kept its record
clean by trouncing the soph No. 2
team, 9-1. Frances Bonfilio joined
the select circle of those who have
been able to hit one of Ruth
Schmidt's offerings when she man
aged to single in the first inning.
Hers was the only hit the soph team
made.
In completing the first round of
interclass baseball last week, the
junior-senior tefim kept its record
clean by trouncing the soph No. 2
team, 9-1. Frances Bonfilio joined
the select circle of those who have
been able to hit one of Ruth
Schmidt's offerings when she man
aged to single in the first inning.
Hers was the only hit the soph team
made.
In completing the first round of
interclass baseball last week, the
junior-senior tefim kept its record
clean by trouncing the soph No. 2
team, 9-1. Frances Bonfilio joined
the select circle of those who have
been able to hit one of Ruth
Schmidt's offerings when she man
aged to single in the first inning.
Hers was the only hit the soph team
made.
In completing the first round of
interclass baseball last week, the
junior-senior tefim kept its record
clean by trouncing the soph No. 2
team, 9-1. Frances Bonfilio joined
the select circle of those who have
been able to hit one of Ruth
Schmidt's offerings when she man
aged to single in the first inning.
Hers was the only hit the soph team
made.
