# Chemistry Netmen Reach Final Round
## 
### 
In the final matches of the chem
istry department tennis tournament
Walt Prather, chem major, will meet
Si Kinsman, lab instructor. The date
for the match has not yet been set.
Prather defeated F. W. Bergstrom,
associate professor, Tuesday after
noon 8-6, 6-2. Kinsman won his
semi-final match last week. Four
teen chemistry majors and faculty
members have been eliminated
from the tournament, which started
four weeks ago.
In the final matches of the chem
istry department tennis tournament
Walt Prather, chem major, will meet
Si Kinsman, lab instructor. The date
for the match has not yet been set.
Prather defeated F. W. Bergstrom,
associate professor, Tuesday after
noon 8-6, 6-2. Kinsman won his
semi-final match last week. Four
teen chemistry majors and faculty
members have been eliminated
from the tournament, which started
four weeks ago.
In the final matches of the chem
istry department tennis tournament
Walt Prather, chem major, will meet
Si Kinsman, lab instructor. The date
for the match has not yet been set.
Prather defeated F. W. Bergstrom,
associate professor, Tuesday after
noon 8-6, 6-2. Kinsman won his
semi-final match last week. Four
teen chemistry majors and faculty
members have been eliminated
from the tournament, which started
four weeks ago.
In the final matches of the chem
istry department tennis tournament
Walt Prather, chem major, will meet
Si Kinsman, lab instructor. The date
for the match has not yet been set.
Prather defeated F. W. Bergstrom,
associate professor, Tuesday after
noon 8-6, 6-2. Kinsman won his
semi-final match last week. Four
teen chemistry majors and faculty
members have been eliminated
from the tournament, which started
four weeks ago.
In the final matches of the chem
istry department tennis tournament
Walt Prather, chem major, will meet
Si Kinsman, lab instructor. The date
for the match has not yet been set.
Prather defeated F. W. Bergstrom,
associate professor, Tuesday after
noon 8-6, 6-2. Kinsman won his
semi-final match last week. Four
teen chemistry majors and faculty
members have been eliminated
from the tournament, which started
four weeks ago.
In the final matches of the chem
istry department tennis tournament
Walt Prather, chem major, will meet
Si Kinsman, lab instructor. The date
for the match has not yet been set.
Prather defeated F. W. Bergstrom,
associate professor, Tuesday after
noon 8-6, 6-2. Kinsman won his
semi-final match last week. Four
teen chemistry majors and faculty
members have been eliminated
from the tournament, which started
four weeks ago.
In the final matches of the chem
istry department tennis tournament
Walt Prather, chem major, will meet
Si Kinsman, lab instructor. The date
for the match has not yet been set.
Prather defeated F. W. Bergstrom,
associate professor, Tuesday after
noon 8-6, 6-2. Kinsman won his
semi-final match last week. Four
teen chemistry majors and faculty
members have been eliminated
from the tournament, which started
four weeks ago.
In the final matches of the chem
istry department tennis tournament
Walt Prather, chem major, will meet
Si Kinsman, lab instructor. The date
for the match has not yet been set.
Prather defeated F. W. Bergstrom,
associate professor, Tuesday after
noon 8-6, 6-2. Kinsman won his
semi-final match last week. Four
teen chemistry majors and faculty
members have been eliminated
from the tournament, which started
four weeks ago.
In the final matches of the chem
istry department tennis tournament
Walt Prather, chem major, will meet
Si Kinsman, lab instructor. The date
for the match has not yet been set.
Prather defeated F. W. Bergstrom,
associate professor, Tuesday after
noon 8-6, 6-2. Kinsman won his
semi-final match last week. Four
teen chemistry majors and faculty
members have been eliminated
from the tournament, which started
four weeks ago.
In the final matches of the chem
istry department tennis tournament
Walt Prather, chem major, will meet
Si Kinsman, lab instructor. The date
for the match has not yet been set.
Prather defeated F. W. Bergstrom,
associate professor, Tuesday after
noon 8-6, 6-2. Kinsman won his
semi-final match last week. Four
teen chemistry majors and faculty
members have been eliminated
from the tournament, which started
four weeks ago.
In the final matches of the chem
istry department tennis tournament
Walt Prather, chem major, will meet
Si Kinsman, lab instructor. The date
for the match has not yet been set.
Prather defeated F. W. Bergstrom,
associate professor, Tuesday after
noon 8-6, 6-2. Kinsman won his
semi-final match last week. Four
teen chemistry majors and faculty
members have been eliminated
from the tournament, which started
four weeks ago.
In the final matches of the chem
istry department tennis tournament
Walt Prather, chem major, will meet
Si Kinsman, lab instructor. The date
for the match has not yet been set.
Prather defeated F. W. Bergstrom,
associate professor, Tuesday after
noon 8-6, 6-2. Kinsman won his
semi-final match last week. Four
teen chemistry majors and faculty
members have been eliminated
from the tournament, which started
four weeks ago.
In the final matches of the chem
istry department tennis tournament
Walt Prather, chem major, will meet
Si Kinsman, lab instructor. The date
for the match has not yet been set.
Prather defeated F. W. Bergstrom,
associate professor, Tuesday after
noon 8-6, 6-2. Kinsman won his
semi-final match last week. Four
teen chemistry majors and faculty
members have been eliminated
from the tournament, which started
four weeks ago.
In the final matches of the chem
istry department tennis tournament
Walt Prather, chem major, will meet
Si Kinsman, lab instructor. The date
for the match has not yet been set.
Prather defeated F. W. Bergstrom,
associate professor, Tuesday after
noon 8-6, 6-2. Kinsman won his
semi-final match last week. Four
teen chemistry majors and faculty
members have been eliminated
from the tournament, which started
four weeks ago.
In the final matches of the chem
istry department tennis tournament
Walt Prather, chem major, will meet
Si Kinsman, lab instructor. The date
for the match has not yet been set.
Prather defeated F. W. Bergstrom,
associate professor, Tuesday after
noon 8-6, 6-2. Kinsman won his
semi-final match last week. Four
teen chemistry majors and faculty
members have been eliminated
from the tournament, which started
four weeks ago.
In the final matches of the chem
istry department tennis tournament
Walt Prather, chem major, will meet
Si Kinsman, lab instructor. The date
for the match has not yet been set.
Prather defeated F. W. Bergstrom,
associate professor, Tuesday after
noon 8-6, 6-2. Kinsman won his
semi-final match last week. Four
teen chemistry majors and faculty
members have been eliminated
from the tournament, which started
four weeks ago.
