# Adv. 6 Page 2
## 
### 
WHEN YOU'VE
BEEN A
BOOKWORM
TOO LONG—
. . . . take lime out for a
delicious milkshake—you'll
find it well worth your while
to refresh yourself with any
one of our invigorating foun
tain products.
PIERS
338 UNIVERSITY AVE.
WHEN YOU'VE
BEEN A
BOOKWORM
TOO LONG—
. . . . take lime out for a
delicious milkshake—you'll
find it well worth your while
to refresh yourself with any
one of our invigorating foun
tain products.
PIERS
338 UNIVERSITY AVE.
WHEN YOU'VE
BEEN A
BOOKWORM
TOO LONG—
. . . . take lime out for a
delicious milkshake—you'll
find it well worth your while
to refresh yourself with any
one of our invigorating foun
tain products.
PIERS
338 UNIVERSITY AVE.
WHEN YOU'VE
BEEN A
BOOKWORM
TOO LONG—
. . . . take lime out for a
delicious milkshake—you'll
find it well worth your while
to refresh yourself with any
one of our invigorating foun
tain products.
PIERS
338 UNIVERSITY AVE.
WHEN YOU'VE
BEEN A
BOOKWORM
TOO LONG—
. . . . take lime out for a
delicious milkshake—you'll
find it well worth your while
to refresh yourself with any
one of our invigorating foun
tain products.
PIERS
338 UNIVERSITY AVE.
WHEN YOU'VE
BEEN A
BOOKWORM
TOO LONG—
. . . . take lime out for a
delicious milkshake—you'll
find it well worth your while
to refresh yourself with any
one of our invigorating foun
tain products.
PIERS
338 UNIVERSITY AVE.
WHEN YOU'VE
BEEN A
BOOKWORM
TOO LONG—
. . . . take lime out for a
delicious milkshake—you'll
find it well worth your while
to refresh yourself with any
one of our invigorating foun
tain products.
PIERS
338 UNIVERSITY AVE.
WHEN YOU'VE
BEEN A
BOOKWORM
TOO LONG—
. . . . take lime out for a
delicious milkshake—you'll
find it well worth your while
to refresh yourself with any
one of our invigorating foun
tain products.
PIERS
338 UNIVERSITY AVE.
WHEN YOU'VE
BEEN A
BOOKWORM
TOO LONG—
. . . . take lime out for a
delicious milkshake—you'll
find it well worth your while
to refresh yourself with any
one of our invigorating foun
tain products.
PIERS
338 UNIVERSITY AVE.
WHEN YOU'VE
BEEN A
BOOKWORM
TOO LONG—
. . . . take lime out for a
delicious milkshake—you'll
find it well worth your while
to refresh yourself with any
one of our invigorating foun
tain products.
PIERS
338 UNIVERSITY AVE.
WHEN YOU'VE
BEEN A
BOOKWORM
TOO LONG—
. . . . take lime out for a
delicious milkshake—you'll
find it well worth your while
to refresh yourself with any
one of our invigorating foun
tain products.
PIERS
338 UNIVERSITY AVE.
WHEN YOU'VE
BEEN A
BOOKWORM
TOO LONG—
. . . . take lime out for a
delicious milkshake—you'll
find it well worth your while
to refresh yourself with any
one of our invigorating foun
tain products.
PIERS
338 UNIVERSITY AVE.
WHEN YOU'VE
BEEN A
BOOKWORM
TOO LONG—
. . . . take lime out for a
delicious milkshake—you'll
find it well worth your while
to refresh yourself with any
one of our invigorating foun
tain products.
PIERS
338 UNIVERSITY AVE.
WHEN YOU'VE
BEEN A
BOOKWORM
TOO LONG—
. . . . take lime out for a
delicious milkshake—you'll
find it well worth your while
to refresh yourself with any
one of our invigorating foun
tain products.
PIERS
338 UNIVERSITY AVE.
WHEN YOU'VE
BEEN A
BOOKWORM
TOO LONG—
. . . . take lime out for a
delicious milkshake—you'll
find it well worth your while
to refresh yourself with any
one of our invigorating foun
tain products.
PIERS
338 UNIVERSITY AVE.
WHEN YOU'VE
BEEN A
BOOKWORM
TOO LONG—
. . . . take lime out for a
delicious milkshake—you'll
find it well worth your while
to refresh yourself with any
one of our invigorating foun
tain products.
PIERS
338 UNIVERSITY AVE.
WHEN YOU'VE
BEEN A
BOOKWORM
TOO LONG—
. . . . take lime out for a
delicious milkshake—you'll
find it well worth your while
to refresh yourself with any
one of our invigorating foun
tain products.
PIERS
338 UNIVERSITY AVE.
WHEN YOU'VE
BEEN A
BOOKWORM
TOO LONG—
. . . . take lime out for a
delicious milkshake—you'll
find it well worth your while
to refresh yourself with any
one of our invigorating foun
tain products.
PIERS
338 UNIVERSITY AVE.
