# BRITISH CAPTURE RED SEA PORT
## 
### 
CAIRO, April 0 (UP).—British
imperial forces sealed the fate of
Eritrea, Italy's oldest colony, by
capturing its Red Sea port of Mas
sawa, (he Middle East command an
nounced today.
General headquarters said Brit
ain's international army, including
Free French troops, occupied Mas
sawa Tuesday after the Italian gar
rison capitulated. The seaport's fall
became only a matter of lime after
the British had smashed Italian
stands at. Keren and Asmara, the
capital on the highlands above
Massawa.
In Libya, general headquarters
announced, the British rear-guard—
was heavly engaged all day Tuesday
by heavy Italian and German forces
pounding their way eastward from
Benghazi.
