# Roble Reception.
## 
### 
Friday evening Roble gave a
fancy dress reception to the women
of the University, an affair which
according to custom is given each
semester. The hall was very ela
borately decorated with bamboo,
palms and potted plants. Dancing
was the principal feature of the
evening interspersed by a short
but extremely entertaining program
and later the serving of refresh
ments.
The costumes of this year were
unusually clever or attractive as
the case might be. The ladies of
the faculty were largely in attend
ance. The reception was voted by
all the most enjoyable which Roble
has given for some time. After the
guests and lights had both departed
the Roble girls by candle-light con
tinued the dance until a late hour.
