# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Now fiat the team which will
represent the cardinal in the next
annual contest for the Carnot medal
r nas been chosen it is proper that
the University at large should

pause and consider just what this
all means. Does it mean that the
rest of the work toward bringing
honors to our University in the
shape of ;i victory in this debate i
to devolve upon the three men
chosen to represent us? Or does it
mean that there is yet work suffi
cient for all which must not cease
until the debate bus passed into
history? We can all certainly lend
the team our sympathy and moral
support but is there nothing more
that can be done? The suggestion
has come to us that there is and we
would like to call the attention of
the debaters to the matter. If they
will point out the way, we will fol
low.
