# Adv. 12 Page 4
## 
### 
CBO MEM ELECTS
Following aro the new Crothers
Memorial Hall officers: Geoff
Lack, president: Will Minkus,
treasurer; Gabe Groncr, secre
tary; Lou Padulo, social chair
man; Bob Scholtz, athletic chair
1 man.
CBO MEM ELECTS
Following aro the new Crothers
Memorial Hall officers: Geoff
Lack, president: Will Minkus,
treasurer; Gabe Groncr, secre
tary; Lou Padulo, social chair
man; Bob Scholtz, athletic chair
1 man.
CBO MEM ELECTS
Following aro the new Crothers
Memorial Hall officers: Geoff
Lack, president: Will Minkus,
treasurer; Gabe Groncr, secre
tary; Lou Padulo, social chair
man; Bob Scholtz, athletic chair
1 man.
CBO MEM ELECTS
Following aro the new Crothers
Memorial Hall officers: Geoff
Lack, president: Will Minkus,
treasurer; Gabe Groncr, secre
tary; Lou Padulo, social chair
man; Bob Scholtz, athletic chair
1 man.
CBO MEM ELECTS
Following aro the new Crothers
Memorial Hall officers: Geoff
Lack, president: Will Minkus,
treasurer; Gabe Groncr, secre
tary; Lou Padulo, social chair
man; Bob Scholtz, athletic chair
1 man.
CBO MEM ELECTS
Following aro the new Crothers
Memorial Hall officers: Geoff
Lack, president: Will Minkus,
treasurer; Gabe Groncr, secre
tary; Lou Padulo, social chair
man; Bob Scholtz, athletic chair
1 man.
CBO MEM ELECTS
Following aro the new Crothers
Memorial Hall officers: Geoff
Lack, president: Will Minkus,
treasurer; Gabe Groncr, secre
tary; Lou Padulo, social chair
man; Bob Scholtz, athletic chair
1 man.
CBO MEM ELECTS
Following aro the new Crothers
Memorial Hall officers: Geoff
Lack, president: Will Minkus,
treasurer; Gabe Groncr, secre
tary; Lou Padulo, social chair
man; Bob Scholtz, athletic chair
1 man.
CBO MEM ELECTS
Following aro the new Crothers
Memorial Hall officers: Geoff
Lack, president: Will Minkus,
treasurer; Gabe Groncr, secre
tary; Lou Padulo, social chair
man; Bob Scholtz, athletic chair
1 man.
CBO MEM ELECTS
Following aro the new Crothers
Memorial Hall officers: Geoff
Lack, president: Will Minkus,
treasurer; Gabe Groncr, secre
tary; Lou Padulo, social chair
man; Bob Scholtz, athletic chair
1 man.
CBO MEM ELECTS
Following aro the new Crothers
Memorial Hall officers: Geoff
Lack, president: Will Minkus,
treasurer; Gabe Groncr, secre
tary; Lou Padulo, social chair
man; Bob Scholtz, athletic chair
1 man.
CBO MEM ELECTS
Following aro the new Crothers
Memorial Hall officers: Geoff
Lack, president: Will Minkus,
treasurer; Gabe Groncr, secre
tary; Lou Padulo, social chair
man; Bob Scholtz, athletic chair
1 man.
CBO MEM ELECTS
Following aro the new Crothers
Memorial Hall officers: Geoff
Lack, president: Will Minkus,
treasurer; Gabe Groncr, secre
tary; Lou Padulo, social chair
man; Bob Scholtz, athletic chair
1 man.
CBO MEM ELECTS
Following aro the new Crothers
Memorial Hall officers: Geoff
Lack, president: Will Minkus,
treasurer; Gabe Groncr, secre
tary; Lou Padulo, social chair
man; Bob Scholtz, athletic chair
1 man.
CBO MEM ELECTS
Following aro the new Crothers
Memorial Hall officers: Geoff
Lack, president: Will Minkus,
treasurer; Gabe Groncr, secre
tary; Lou Padulo, social chair
man; Bob Scholtz, athletic chair
1 man.
CBO MEM ELECTS
Following aro the new Crothers
Memorial Hall officers: Geoff
Lack, president: Will Minkus,
treasurer; Gabe Groncr, secre
tary; Lou Padulo, social chair
man; Bob Scholtz, athletic chair
1 man.
