# Adv. 3 Page 1
## 
### 
Once upon a time
there lived a tortoise
and a hare. One was
so slow and the other
so fast. The hare was
the big man on
campus he thought
because of this but
he did not know that
the tortoise had
come to R/A and got
a new Cable knit
sweater (Cardigan,
of course) for $2O.
Mr. T won M.Moth!
■
■
HOOS ATKINS
Once upon a time
there lived a tortoise
and a hare. One was
so slow and the other
so fast. The hare was
the big man on
campus he thought
because of this but
he did not know that
the tortoise had
come to R/A and got
a new Cable knit
sweater (Cardigan,
of course) for $2O.
Mr. T won M.Moth!
■
■
HOOS ATKINS
Once upon a time
there lived a tortoise
and a hare. One was
so slow and the other
so fast. The hare was
the big man on
campus he thought
because of this but
he did not know that
the tortoise had
come to R/A and got
a new Cable knit
sweater (Cardigan,
of course) for $2O.
Mr. T won M.Moth!
■
■
HOOS ATKINS
Once upon a time
there lived a tortoise
and a hare. One was
so slow and the other
so fast. The hare was
the big man on
campus he thought
because of this but
he did not know that
the tortoise had
come to R/A and got
a new Cable knit
sweater (Cardigan,
of course) for $2O.
Mr. T won M.Moth!
■
■
HOOS ATKINS
Once upon a time
there lived a tortoise
and a hare. One was
so slow and the other
so fast. The hare was
the big man on
campus he thought
because of this but
he did not know that
the tortoise had
come to R/A and got
a new Cable knit
sweater (Cardigan,
of course) for $2O.
Mr. T won M.Moth!
■
■
HOOS ATKINS
Once upon a time
there lived a tortoise
and a hare. One was
so slow and the other
so fast. The hare was
the big man on
campus he thought
because of this but
he did not know that
the tortoise had
come to R/A and got
a new Cable knit
sweater (Cardigan,
of course) for $2O.
Mr. T won M.Moth!
■
■
HOOS ATKINS
Once upon a time
there lived a tortoise
and a hare. One was
so slow and the other
so fast. The hare was
the big man on
campus he thought
because of this but
he did not know that
the tortoise had
come to R/A and got
a new Cable knit
sweater (Cardigan,
of course) for $2O.
Mr. T won M.Moth!
■
■
HOOS ATKINS
Once upon a time
there lived a tortoise
and a hare. One was
so slow and the other
so fast. The hare was
the big man on
campus he thought
because of this but
he did not know that
the tortoise had
come to R/A and got
a new Cable knit
sweater (Cardigan,
of course) for $2O.
Mr. T won M.Moth!
■
■
HOOS ATKINS
Once upon a time
there lived a tortoise
and a hare. One was
so slow and the other
so fast. The hare was
the big man on
campus he thought
because of this but
he did not know that
the tortoise had
come to R/A and got
a new Cable knit
sweater (Cardigan,
of course) for $2O.
Mr. T won M.Moth!
■
■
HOOS ATKINS
Once upon a time
there lived a tortoise
and a hare. One was
so slow and the other
so fast. The hare was
the big man on
campus he thought
because of this but
he did not know that
the tortoise had
come to R/A and got
a new Cable knit
sweater (Cardigan,
of course) for $2O.
Mr. T won M.Moth!
■
■
HOOS ATKINS
Once upon a time
there lived a tortoise
and a hare. One was
so slow and the other
so fast. The hare was
the big man on
campus he thought
because of this but
he did not know that
the tortoise had
come to R/A and got
a new Cable knit
sweater (Cardigan,
of course) for $2O.
Mr. T won M.Moth!
■
■
HOOS ATKINS
Once upon a time
there lived a tortoise
and a hare. One was
so slow and the other
so fast. The hare was
the big man on
campus he thought
because of this but
he did not know that
the tortoise had
come to R/A and got
a new Cable knit
sweater (Cardigan,
of course) for $2O.
Mr. T won M.Moth!
■
■
HOOS ATKINS
Once upon a time
there lived a tortoise
and a hare. One was
so slow and the other
so fast. The hare was
the big man on
campus he thought
because of this but
he did not know that
the tortoise had
come to R/A and got
a new Cable knit
sweater (Cardigan,
of course) for $2O.
Mr. T won M.Moth!
■
■
HOOS ATKINS
Once upon a time
there lived a tortoise
and a hare. One was
so slow and the other
so fast. The hare was
the big man on
campus he thought
because of this but
he did not know that
the tortoise had
come to R/A and got
a new Cable knit
sweater (Cardigan,
of course) for $2O.
Mr. T won M.Moth!
■
■
HOOS ATKINS
Once upon a time
there lived a tortoise
and a hare. One was
so slow and the other
so fast. The hare was
the big man on
campus he thought
because of this but
he did not know that
the tortoise had
come to R/A and got
a new Cable knit
sweater (Cardigan,
of course) for $2O.
Mr. T won M.Moth!
■
■
HOOS ATKINS
Once upon a time
there lived a tortoise
and a hare. One was
so slow and the other
so fast. The hare was
the big man on
campus he thought
because of this but
he did not know that
the tortoise had
come to R/A and got
a new Cable knit
sweater (Cardigan,
of course) for $2O.
Mr. T won M.Moth!
■
■
HOOS ATKINS
