# Japs Repulse Chinese Attack On Chinmenkow
## 
### 
MUKDEN, Manchuria, Jan. i! 0 (/P)
—For the third time in four days,
Japanese troops were reported to
have repulsed a determined Chinese
attack early today on Chiumenkow
(Pass of Nine Gates) in the Great
Wall of China.
A Japanese communique said the
Chniese suffered heavy losses and
retreated to the westwai'd. No Japa
nese casualties were reported.
The attacks on the Japanese gar
rison, which has occupied the Chi
nese city since January 10, were
reported made by forces under the
command of General Ho Chu-Kuo,
ousted Chinese commander at Shan
haikwan.
MUKDEN, Manchuria, Jan. i! 0 (/P)
—For the third time in four days,
Japanese troops were reported to
have repulsed a determined Chinese
attack early today on Chiumenkow
(Pass of Nine Gates) in the Great
Wall of China.
A Japanese communique said the
Chniese suffered heavy losses and
retreated to the westwai'd. No Japa
nese casualties were reported.
The attacks on the Japanese gar
rison, which has occupied the Chi
nese city since January 10, were
reported made by forces under the
command of General Ho Chu-Kuo,
ousted Chinese commander at Shan
haikwan.
MUKDEN, Manchuria, Jan. i! 0 (/P)
—For the third time in four days,
Japanese troops were reported to
have repulsed a determined Chinese
attack early today on Chiumenkow
(Pass of Nine Gates) in the Great
Wall of China.
A Japanese communique said the
Chniese suffered heavy losses and
retreated to the westwai'd. No Japa
nese casualties were reported.
The attacks on the Japanese gar
rison, which has occupied the Chi
nese city since January 10, were
reported made by forces under the
command of General Ho Chu-Kuo,
ousted Chinese commander at Shan
haikwan.
MUKDEN, Manchuria, Jan. i! 0 (/P)
—For the third time in four days,
Japanese troops were reported to
have repulsed a determined Chinese
attack early today on Chiumenkow
(Pass of Nine Gates) in the Great
Wall of China.
A Japanese communique said the
Chniese suffered heavy losses and
retreated to the westwai'd. No Japa
nese casualties were reported.
The attacks on the Japanese gar
rison, which has occupied the Chi
nese city since January 10, were
reported made by forces under the
command of General Ho Chu-Kuo,
ousted Chinese commander at Shan
haikwan.
MUKDEN, Manchuria, Jan. i! 0 (/P)
—For the third time in four days,
Japanese troops were reported to
have repulsed a determined Chinese
attack early today on Chiumenkow
(Pass of Nine Gates) in the Great
Wall of China.
A Japanese communique said the
Chniese suffered heavy losses and
retreated to the westwai'd. No Japa
nese casualties were reported.
The attacks on the Japanese gar
rison, which has occupied the Chi
nese city since January 10, were
reported made by forces under the
command of General Ho Chu-Kuo,
ousted Chinese commander at Shan
haikwan.
MUKDEN, Manchuria, Jan. i! 0 (/P)
—For the third time in four days,
Japanese troops were reported to
have repulsed a determined Chinese
attack early today on Chiumenkow
(Pass of Nine Gates) in the Great
Wall of China.
A Japanese communique said the
Chniese suffered heavy losses and
retreated to the westwai'd. No Japa
nese casualties were reported.
The attacks on the Japanese gar
rison, which has occupied the Chi
nese city since January 10, were
reported made by forces under the
command of General Ho Chu-Kuo,
ousted Chinese commander at Shan
haikwan.
MUKDEN, Manchuria, Jan. i! 0 (/P)
—For the third time in four days,
Japanese troops were reported to
have repulsed a determined Chinese
attack early today on Chiumenkow
(Pass of Nine Gates) in the Great
Wall of China.
A Japanese communique said the
Chniese suffered heavy losses and
retreated to the westwai'd. No Japa
nese casualties were reported.
The attacks on the Japanese gar
rison, which has occupied the Chi
nese city since January 10, were
reported made by forces under the
command of General Ho Chu-Kuo,
ousted Chinese commander at Shan
haikwan.
MUKDEN, Manchuria, Jan. i! 0 (/P)
—For the third time in four days,
Japanese troops were reported to
have repulsed a determined Chinese
attack early today on Chiumenkow
(Pass of Nine Gates) in the Great
Wall of China.
A Japanese communique said the
Chniese suffered heavy losses and
retreated to the westwai'd. No Japa
nese casualties were reported.
The attacks on the Japanese gar
rison, which has occupied the Chi
nese city since January 10, were
reported made by forces under the
command of General Ho Chu-Kuo,
ousted Chinese commander at Shan
haikwan.
MUKDEN, Manchuria, Jan. i! 0 (/P)
—For the third time in four days,
Japanese troops were reported to
have repulsed a determined Chinese
attack early today on Chiumenkow
(Pass of Nine Gates) in the Great
Wall of China.
A Japanese communique said the
Chniese suffered heavy losses and
retreated to the westwai'd. No Japa
nese casualties were reported.
The attacks on the Japanese gar
rison, which has occupied the Chi
nese city since January 10, were
reported made by forces under the
command of General Ho Chu-Kuo,
ousted Chinese commander at Shan
haikwan.
MUKDEN, Manchuria, Jan. i! 0 (/P)
—For the third time in four days,
Japanese troops were reported to
have repulsed a determined Chinese
attack early today on Chiumenkow
(Pass of Nine Gates) in the Great
Wall of China.
A Japanese communique said the
Chniese suffered heavy losses and
retreated to the westwai'd. No Japa
nese casualties were reported.
The attacks on the Japanese gar
rison, which has occupied the Chi
nese city since January 10, were
reported made by forces under the
command of General Ho Chu-Kuo,
ousted Chinese commander at Shan
haikwan.
MUKDEN, Manchuria, Jan. i! 0 (/P)
—For the third time in four days,
Japanese troops were reported to
have repulsed a determined Chinese
attack early today on Chiumenkow
(Pass of Nine Gates) in the Great
Wall of China.
A Japanese communique said the
Chniese suffered heavy losses and
retreated to the westwai'd. No Japa
nese casualties were reported.
The attacks on the Japanese gar
rison, which has occupied the Chi
nese city since January 10, were
reported made by forces under the
command of General Ho Chu-Kuo,
ousted Chinese commander at Shan
haikwan.
MUKDEN, Manchuria, Jan. i! 0 (/P)
—For the third time in four days,
Japanese troops were reported to
have repulsed a determined Chinese
attack early today on Chiumenkow
(Pass of Nine Gates) in the Great
Wall of China.
A Japanese communique said the
Chniese suffered heavy losses and
retreated to the westwai'd. No Japa
nese casualties were reported.
The attacks on the Japanese gar
rison, which has occupied the Chi
nese city since January 10, were
reported made by forces under the
command of General Ho Chu-Kuo,
ousted Chinese commander at Shan
haikwan.
MUKDEN, Manchuria, Jan. i! 0 (/P)
—For the third time in four days,
Japanese troops were reported to
have repulsed a determined Chinese
attack early today on Chiumenkow
(Pass of Nine Gates) in the Great
Wall of China.
A Japanese communique said the
Chniese suffered heavy losses and
retreated to the westwai'd. No Japa
nese casualties were reported.
The attacks on the Japanese gar
rison, which has occupied the Chi
nese city since January 10, were
reported made by forces under the
command of General Ho Chu-Kuo,
ousted Chinese commander at Shan
haikwan.
MUKDEN, Manchuria, Jan. i! 0 (/P)
—For the third time in four days,
Japanese troops were reported to
have repulsed a determined Chinese
attack early today on Chiumenkow
(Pass of Nine Gates) in the Great
Wall of China.
A Japanese communique said the
Chniese suffered heavy losses and
retreated to the westwai'd. No Japa
nese casualties were reported.
The attacks on the Japanese gar
rison, which has occupied the Chi
nese city since January 10, were
reported made by forces under the
command of General Ho Chu-Kuo,
ousted Chinese commander at Shan
haikwan.
