# ROTH'S ADDRESS COVERS QUERIES FROM STUDENTS
## Eating Hall Prices, Tuition Reductions Subject For Comptroller 
### 
Comptroller Almon E. Roth will
appear before a University Assembly
at .10 o'clock tomorrow morning to
discuss questions on campus prob
lems that have been asked by stu
dents through the medium of the
Daily.
Roth announced yesterday that he
would appreciate the submission of
more queries, and that all should be
handed into the Daily office some
time today. He hopes to select those
of current issue.
The Comptroller explained the de
sire of the administration to make
closer contacts with Stanford stu
dents. Six years ago he spoke in a
question-and-answer assembly here.
"At that time," said Roth, "there
was an intense interest in the re
placement of Old Roble Bridge. Edi
torials were written, the paper was
full of Campus Opinions about the
structure, which finally collapsed
under the weight of a bus.
"But the students who criticized
the administration for failure to re
place the bridge didn't realize that
it was a matter for the supervisors
of San Mateo and Santa Clara coun
ties. In the same way much unjust
criticism is leveled at the adminis
tration today. In an assembly like
the one scheduled for Wednesday
many of the current problems of
Stanford, financial and otherwise,
can be discussed."
Among the questions of interest
submitted to Roth are the following:
Why is it urtfair to compare the
prices of the Union and Encina Din
ing Hall with the prices of Palo Alto
establishments.
How and to what extent has the
depression affected Stanford funds?
Is it possible to make any reduction
in tuition fees?
How are the funds raised for stu
dent unemployment relief being ex
pended?
Comptroller Almon E. Roth will
appear before a University Assembly
at .10 o'clock tomorrow morning to
discuss questions on campus prob
lems that have been asked by stu
dents through the medium of the
Daily.
Roth announced yesterday that he
would appreciate the submission of
more queries, and that all should be
handed into the Daily office some
time today. He hopes to select those
of current issue.
The Comptroller explained the de
sire of the administration to make
closer contacts with Stanford stu
dents. Six years ago he spoke in a
question-and-answer assembly here.
"At that time," said Roth, "there
was an intense interest in the re
placement of Old Roble Bridge. Edi
torials were written, the paper was
full of Campus Opinions about the
structure, which finally collapsed
under the weight of a bus.
"But the students who criticized
the administration for failure to re
place the bridge didn't realize that
it was a matter for the supervisors
of San Mateo and Santa Clara coun
ties. In the same way much unjust
criticism is leveled at the adminis
tration today. In an assembly like
the one scheduled for Wednesday
many of the current problems of
Stanford, financial and otherwise,
can be discussed."
Among the questions of interest
submitted to Roth are the following:
Why is it urtfair to compare the
prices of the Union and Encina Din
ing Hall with the prices of Palo Alto
establishments.
How and to what extent has the
depression affected Stanford funds?
Is it possible to make any reduction
in tuition fees?
How are the funds raised for stu
dent unemployment relief being ex
pended?
Comptroller Almon E. Roth will
appear before a University Assembly
at .10 o'clock tomorrow morning to
discuss questions on campus prob
lems that have been asked by stu
dents through the medium of the
Daily.
Roth announced yesterday that he
would appreciate the submission of
more queries, and that all should be
handed into the Daily office some
time today. He hopes to select those
of current issue.
The Comptroller explained the de
sire of the administration to make
closer contacts with Stanford stu
dents. Six years ago he spoke in a
question-and-answer assembly here.
"At that time," said Roth, "there
was an intense interest in the re
placement of Old Roble Bridge. Edi
torials were written, the paper was
full of Campus Opinions about the
structure, which finally collapsed
under the weight of a bus.
"But the students who criticized
the administration for failure to re
place the bridge didn't realize that
it was a matter for the supervisors
of San Mateo and Santa Clara coun
ties. In the same way much unjust
criticism is leveled at the adminis
tration today. In an assembly like
the one scheduled for Wednesday
many of the current problems of
Stanford, financial and otherwise,
can be discussed."
Among the questions of interest
submitted to Roth are the following:
Why is it urtfair to compare the
prices of the Union and Encina Din
ing Hall with the prices of Palo Alto
establishments.
How and to what extent has the
depression affected Stanford funds?
Is it possible to make any reduction
in tuition fees?
How are the funds raised for stu
dent unemployment relief being ex
pended?
Comptroller Almon E. Roth will
appear before a University Assembly
at .10 o'clock tomorrow morning to
discuss questions on campus prob
lems that have been asked by stu
dents through the medium of the
Daily.
Roth announced yesterday that he
would appreciate the submission of
more queries, and that all should be
handed into the Daily office some
time today. He hopes to select those
of current issue.
The Comptroller explained the de
sire of the administration to make
closer contacts with Stanford stu
dents. Six years ago he spoke in a
question-and-answer assembly here.
"At that time," said Roth, "there
was an intense interest in the re
placement of Old Roble Bridge. Edi
torials were written, the paper was
full of Campus Opinions about the
structure, which finally collapsed
under the weight of a bus.
"But the students who criticized
the administration for failure to re
place the bridge didn't realize that
it was a matter for the supervisors
of San Mateo and Santa Clara coun
ties. In the same way much unjust
criticism is leveled at the adminis
tration today. In an assembly like
the one scheduled for Wednesday
many of the current problems of
Stanford, financial and otherwise,
can be discussed."
Among the questions of interest
submitted to Roth are the following:
Why is it urtfair to compare the
prices of the Union and Encina Din
ing Hall with the prices of Palo Alto
establishments.
How and to what extent has the
depression affected Stanford funds?
Is it possible to make any reduction
in tuition fees?
How are the funds raised for stu
dent unemployment relief being ex
pended?
Comptroller Almon E. Roth will
appear before a University Assembly
at .10 o'clock tomorrow morning to
discuss questions on campus prob
lems that have been asked by stu
dents through the medium of the
Daily.
Roth announced yesterday that he
would appreciate the submission of
more queries, and that all should be
handed into the Daily office some
time today. He hopes to select those
of current issue.
The Comptroller explained the de
sire of the administration to make
closer contacts with Stanford stu
dents. Six years ago he spoke in a
question-and-answer assembly here.
"At that time," said Roth, "there
was an intense interest in the re
placement of Old Roble Bridge. Edi
torials were written, the paper was
full of Campus Opinions about the
structure, which finally collapsed
under the weight of a bus.
"But the students who criticized
the administration for failure to re
place the bridge didn't realize that
it was a matter for the supervisors
of San Mateo and Santa Clara coun
ties. In the same way much unjust
criticism is leveled at the adminis
tration today. In an assembly like
the one scheduled for Wednesday
many of the current problems of
Stanford, financial and otherwise,
can be discussed."
Among the questions of interest
submitted to Roth are the following:
Why is it urtfair to compare the
prices of the Union and Encina Din
ing Hall with the prices of Palo Alto
establishments.
How and to what extent has the
depression affected Stanford funds?
Is it possible to make any reduction
in tuition fees?
How are the funds raised for stu
dent unemployment relief being ex
pended?
Comptroller Almon E. Roth will
appear before a University Assembly
at .10 o'clock tomorrow morning to
discuss questions on campus prob
lems that have been asked by stu
dents through the medium of the
Daily.
Roth announced yesterday that he
would appreciate the submission of
more queries, and that all should be
handed into the Daily office some
time today. He hopes to select those
of current issue.
The Comptroller explained the de
sire of the administration to make
closer contacts with Stanford stu
dents. Six years ago he spoke in a
question-and-answer assembly here.
"At that time," said Roth, "there
was an intense interest in the re
placement of Old Roble Bridge. Edi
torials were written, the paper was
full of Campus Opinions about the
structure, which finally collapsed
under the weight of a bus.
"But the students who criticized
the administration for failure to re
place the bridge didn't realize that
it was a matter for the supervisors
of San Mateo and Santa Clara coun
ties. In the same way much unjust
criticism is leveled at the adminis
tration today. In an assembly like
the one scheduled for Wednesday
many of the current problems of
Stanford, financial and otherwise,
can be discussed."
Among the questions of interest
submitted to Roth are the following:
Why is it urtfair to compare the
prices of the Union and Encina Din
ing Hall with the prices of Palo Alto
establishments.
How and to what extent has the
depression affected Stanford funds?
Is it possible to make any reduction
in tuition fees?
How are the funds raised for stu
dent unemployment relief being ex
pended?
Comptroller Almon E. Roth will
appear before a University Assembly
at .10 o'clock tomorrow morning to
discuss questions on campus prob
lems that have been asked by stu
dents through the medium of the
Daily.
Roth announced yesterday that he
would appreciate the submission of
more queries, and that all should be
handed into the Daily office some
time today. He hopes to select those
of current issue.
The Comptroller explained the de
sire of the administration to make
closer contacts with Stanford stu
dents. Six years ago he spoke in a
question-and-answer assembly here.
"At that time," said Roth, "there
was an intense interest in the re
placement of Old Roble Bridge. Edi
torials were written, the paper was
full of Campus Opinions about the
structure, which finally collapsed
under the weight of a bus.
"But the students who criticized
the administration for failure to re
place the bridge didn't realize that
it was a matter for the supervisors
of San Mateo and Santa Clara coun
ties. In the same way much unjust
criticism is leveled at the adminis
tration today. In an assembly like
the one scheduled for Wednesday
many of the current problems of
Stanford, financial and otherwise,
can be discussed."
Among the questions of interest
submitted to Roth are the following:
Why is it urtfair to compare the
prices of the Union and Encina Din
ing Hall with the prices of Palo Alto
establishments.
How and to what extent has the
depression affected Stanford funds?
Is it possible to make any reduction
in tuition fees?
How are the funds raised for stu
dent unemployment relief being ex
pended?
Comptroller Almon E. Roth will
appear before a University Assembly
at .10 o'clock tomorrow morning to
discuss questions on campus prob
lems that have been asked by stu
dents through the medium of the
Daily.
Roth announced yesterday that he
would appreciate the submission of
more queries, and that all should be
handed into the Daily office some
time today. He hopes to select those
of current issue.
The Comptroller explained the de
sire of the administration to make
closer contacts with Stanford stu
dents. Six years ago he spoke in a
question-and-answer assembly here.
"At that time," said Roth, "there
was an intense interest in the re
placement of Old Roble Bridge. Edi
torials were written, the paper was
full of Campus Opinions about the
structure, which finally collapsed
under the weight of a bus.
"But the students who criticized
the administration for failure to re
place the bridge didn't realize that
it was a matter for the supervisors
of San Mateo and Santa Clara coun
ties. In the same way much unjust
criticism is leveled at the adminis
tration today. In an assembly like
the one scheduled for Wednesday
many of the current problems of
Stanford, financial and otherwise,
can be discussed."
Among the questions of interest
submitted to Roth are the following:
Why is it urtfair to compare the
prices of the Union and Encina Din
ing Hall with the prices of Palo Alto
establishments.
How and to what extent has the
depression affected Stanford funds?
Is it possible to make any reduction
in tuition fees?
How are the funds raised for stu
dent unemployment relief being ex
pended?
Comptroller Almon E. Roth will
appear before a University Assembly
at .10 o'clock tomorrow morning to
discuss questions on campus prob
lems that have been asked by stu
dents through the medium of the
Daily.
Roth announced yesterday that he
would appreciate the submission of
more queries, and that all should be
handed into the Daily office some
time today. He hopes to select those
of current issue.
The Comptroller explained the de
sire of the administration to make
closer contacts with Stanford stu
dents. Six years ago he spoke in a
question-and-answer assembly here.
"At that time," said Roth, "there
was an intense interest in the re
placement of Old Roble Bridge. Edi
torials were written, the paper was
full of Campus Opinions about the
structure, which finally collapsed
under the weight of a bus.
"But the students who criticized
the administration for failure to re
place the bridge didn't realize that
it was a matter for the supervisors
of San Mateo and Santa Clara coun
ties. In the same way much unjust
criticism is leveled at the adminis
tration today. In an assembly like
the one scheduled for Wednesday
many of the current problems of
Stanford, financial and otherwise,
can be discussed."
Among the questions of interest
submitted to Roth are the following:
Why is it urtfair to compare the
prices of the Union and Encina Din
ing Hall with the prices of Palo Alto
establishments.
How and to what extent has the
depression affected Stanford funds?
Is it possible to make any reduction
in tuition fees?
How are the funds raised for stu
dent unemployment relief being ex
pended?
Comptroller Almon E. Roth will
appear before a University Assembly
at .10 o'clock tomorrow morning to
discuss questions on campus prob
lems that have been asked by stu
dents through the medium of the
Daily.
Roth announced yesterday that he
would appreciate the submission of
more queries, and that all should be
handed into the Daily office some
time today. He hopes to select those
of current issue.
The Comptroller explained the de
sire of the administration to make
closer contacts with Stanford stu
dents. Six years ago he spoke in a
question-and-answer assembly here.
"At that time," said Roth, "there
was an intense interest in the re
placement of Old Roble Bridge. Edi
torials were written, the paper was
full of Campus Opinions about the
structure, which finally collapsed
under the weight of a bus.
"But the students who criticized
the administration for failure to re
place the bridge didn't realize that
it was a matter for the supervisors
of San Mateo and Santa Clara coun
ties. In the same way much unjust
criticism is leveled at the adminis
tration today. In an assembly like
the one scheduled for Wednesday
many of the current problems of
Stanford, financial and otherwise,
can be discussed."
Among the questions of interest
submitted to Roth are the following:
Why is it urtfair to compare the
prices of the Union and Encina Din
ing Hall with the prices of Palo Alto
establishments.
How and to what extent has the
depression affected Stanford funds?
Is it possible to make any reduction
in tuition fees?
How are the funds raised for stu
dent unemployment relief being ex
pended?
Comptroller Almon E. Roth will
appear before a University Assembly
at .10 o'clock tomorrow morning to
discuss questions on campus prob
lems that have been asked by stu
dents through the medium of the
Daily.
Roth announced yesterday that he
would appreciate the submission of
more queries, and that all should be
handed into the Daily office some
time today. He hopes to select those
of current issue.
The Comptroller explained the de
sire of the administration to make
closer contacts with Stanford stu
dents. Six years ago he spoke in a
question-and-answer assembly here.
"At that time," said Roth, "there
was an intense interest in the re
placement of Old Roble Bridge. Edi
torials were written, the paper was
full of Campus Opinions about the
structure, which finally collapsed
under the weight of a bus.
"But the students who criticized
the administration for failure to re
place the bridge didn't realize that
it was a matter for the supervisors
of San Mateo and Santa Clara coun
ties. In the same way much unjust
criticism is leveled at the adminis
tration today. In an assembly like
the one scheduled for Wednesday
many of the current problems of
Stanford, financial and otherwise,
can be discussed."
Among the questions of interest
submitted to Roth are the following:
Why is it urtfair to compare the
prices of the Union and Encina Din
ing Hall with the prices of Palo Alto
establishments.
How and to what extent has the
depression affected Stanford funds?
Is it possible to make any reduction
in tuition fees?
How are the funds raised for stu
dent unemployment relief being ex
pended?
Comptroller Almon E. Roth will
appear before a University Assembly
at .10 o'clock tomorrow morning to
discuss questions on campus prob
lems that have been asked by stu
dents through the medium of the
Daily.
Roth announced yesterday that he
would appreciate the submission of
more queries, and that all should be
handed into the Daily office some
time today. He hopes to select those
of current issue.
The Comptroller explained the de
sire of the administration to make
closer contacts with Stanford stu
dents. Six years ago he spoke in a
question-and-answer assembly here.
"At that time," said Roth, "there
was an intense interest in the re
placement of Old Roble Bridge. Edi
torials were written, the paper was
full of Campus Opinions about the
structure, which finally collapsed
under the weight of a bus.
"But the students who criticized
the administration for failure to re
place the bridge didn't realize that
it was a matter for the supervisors
of San Mateo and Santa Clara coun
ties. In the same way much unjust
criticism is leveled at the adminis
tration today. In an assembly like
the one scheduled for Wednesday
many of the current problems of
Stanford, financial and otherwise,
can be discussed."
Among the questions of interest
submitted to Roth are the following:
Why is it urtfair to compare the
prices of the Union and Encina Din
ing Hall with the prices of Palo Alto
establishments.
How and to what extent has the
depression affected Stanford funds?
Is it possible to make any reduction
in tuition fees?
How are the funds raised for stu
dent unemployment relief being ex
pended?
Comptroller Almon E. Roth will
appear before a University Assembly
at .10 o'clock tomorrow morning to
discuss questions on campus prob
lems that have been asked by stu
dents through the medium of the
Daily.
Roth announced yesterday that he
would appreciate the submission of
more queries, and that all should be
handed into the Daily office some
time today. He hopes to select those
of current issue.
The Comptroller explained the de
sire of the administration to make
closer contacts with Stanford stu
dents. Six years ago he spoke in a
question-and-answer assembly here.
"At that time," said Roth, "there
was an intense interest in the re
placement of Old Roble Bridge. Edi
torials were written, the paper was
full of Campus Opinions about the
structure, which finally collapsed
under the weight of a bus.
"But the students who criticized
the administration for failure to re
place the bridge didn't realize that
it was a matter for the supervisors
of San Mateo and Santa Clara coun
ties. In the same way much unjust
criticism is leveled at the adminis
tration today. In an assembly like
the one scheduled for Wednesday
many of the current problems of
Stanford, financial and otherwise,
can be discussed."
Among the questions of interest
submitted to Roth are the following:
Why is it urtfair to compare the
prices of the Union and Encina Din
ing Hall with the prices of Palo Alto
establishments.
How and to what extent has the
depression affected Stanford funds?
Is it possible to make any reduction
in tuition fees?
How are the funds raised for stu
dent unemployment relief being ex
pended?
Comptroller Almon E. Roth will
appear before a University Assembly
at .10 o'clock tomorrow morning to
discuss questions on campus prob
lems that have been asked by stu
dents through the medium of the
Daily.
Roth announced yesterday that he
would appreciate the submission of
more queries, and that all should be
handed into the Daily office some
time today. He hopes to select those
of current issue.
The Comptroller explained the de
sire of the administration to make
closer contacts with Stanford stu
dents. Six years ago he spoke in a
question-and-answer assembly here.
"At that time," said Roth, "there
was an intense interest in the re
placement of Old Roble Bridge. Edi
torials were written, the paper was
full of Campus Opinions about the
structure, which finally collapsed
under the weight of a bus.
"But the students who criticized
the administration for failure to re
place the bridge didn't realize that
it was a matter for the supervisors
of San Mateo and Santa Clara coun
ties. In the same way much unjust
criticism is leveled at the adminis
tration today. In an assembly like
the one scheduled for Wednesday
many of the current problems of
Stanford, financial and otherwise,
can be discussed."
Among the questions of interest
submitted to Roth are the following:
Why is it urtfair to compare the
prices of the Union and Encina Din
ing Hall with the prices of Palo Alto
establishments.
How and to what extent has the
depression affected Stanford funds?
Is it possible to make any reduction
in tuition fees?
How are the funds raised for stu
dent unemployment relief being ex
pended?
