# 6,000 Detroit Strikers Ignore Return Deadline
## 
### 
DETROIT, Jan. 30 (/P)— I The first
minor disturbances in the week-old
strike of Briggs Manufacturing
Company employees occurred today,
as the 6.000 men who walked out
last week ignored the deadline set
for their return.
Ten persons, three of them wo
men, were under arrest and two men
were treated in hospitals following
clashes between pickets and per
sons who, police said, attempted to
enter the employment gates of the
company's plants.
DETROIT, Jan. 30 (/P)— I The first
minor disturbances in the week-old
strike of Briggs Manufacturing
Company employees occurred today,
as the 6.000 men who walked out
last week ignored the deadline set
for their return.
Ten persons, three of them wo
men, were under arrest and two men
were treated in hospitals following
clashes between pickets and per
sons who, police said, attempted to
enter the employment gates of the
company's plants.
DETROIT, Jan. 30 (/P)— I The first
minor disturbances in the week-old
strike of Briggs Manufacturing
Company employees occurred today,
as the 6.000 men who walked out
last week ignored the deadline set
for their return.
Ten persons, three of them wo
men, were under arrest and two men
were treated in hospitals following
clashes between pickets and per
sons who, police said, attempted to
enter the employment gates of the
company's plants.
DETROIT, Jan. 30 (/P)— I The first
minor disturbances in the week-old
strike of Briggs Manufacturing
Company employees occurred today,
as the 6.000 men who walked out
last week ignored the deadline set
for their return.
Ten persons, three of them wo
men, were under arrest and two men
were treated in hospitals following
clashes between pickets and per
sons who, police said, attempted to
enter the employment gates of the
company's plants.
DETROIT, Jan. 30 (/P)— I The first
minor disturbances in the week-old
strike of Briggs Manufacturing
Company employees occurred today,
as the 6.000 men who walked out
last week ignored the deadline set
for their return.
Ten persons, three of them wo
men, were under arrest and two men
were treated in hospitals following
clashes between pickets and per
sons who, police said, attempted to
enter the employment gates of the
company's plants.
DETROIT, Jan. 30 (/P)— I The first
minor disturbances in the week-old
strike of Briggs Manufacturing
Company employees occurred today,
as the 6.000 men who walked out
last week ignored the deadline set
for their return.
Ten persons, three of them wo
men, were under arrest and two men
were treated in hospitals following
clashes between pickets and per
sons who, police said, attempted to
enter the employment gates of the
company's plants.
DETROIT, Jan. 30 (/P)— I The first
minor disturbances in the week-old
strike of Briggs Manufacturing
Company employees occurred today,
as the 6.000 men who walked out
last week ignored the deadline set
for their return.
Ten persons, three of them wo
men, were under arrest and two men
were treated in hospitals following
clashes between pickets and per
sons who, police said, attempted to
enter the employment gates of the
company's plants.
DETROIT, Jan. 30 (/P)— I The first
minor disturbances in the week-old
strike of Briggs Manufacturing
Company employees occurred today,
as the 6.000 men who walked out
last week ignored the deadline set
for their return.
Ten persons, three of them wo
men, were under arrest and two men
were treated in hospitals following
clashes between pickets and per
sons who, police said, attempted to
enter the employment gates of the
company's plants.
DETROIT, Jan. 30 (/P)— I The first
minor disturbances in the week-old
strike of Briggs Manufacturing
Company employees occurred today,
as the 6.000 men who walked out
last week ignored the deadline set
for their return.
Ten persons, three of them wo
men, were under arrest and two men
were treated in hospitals following
clashes between pickets and per
sons who, police said, attempted to
enter the employment gates of the
company's plants.
DETROIT, Jan. 30 (/P)— I The first
minor disturbances in the week-old
strike of Briggs Manufacturing
Company employees occurred today,
as the 6.000 men who walked out
last week ignored the deadline set
for their return.
Ten persons, three of them wo
men, were under arrest and two men
were treated in hospitals following
clashes between pickets and per
sons who, police said, attempted to
enter the employment gates of the
company's plants.
DETROIT, Jan. 30 (/P)— I The first
minor disturbances in the week-old
strike of Briggs Manufacturing
Company employees occurred today,
as the 6.000 men who walked out
last week ignored the deadline set
for their return.
Ten persons, three of them wo
men, were under arrest and two men
were treated in hospitals following
clashes between pickets and per
sons who, police said, attempted to
enter the employment gates of the
company's plants.
DETROIT, Jan. 30 (/P)— I The first
minor disturbances in the week-old
strike of Briggs Manufacturing
Company employees occurred today,
as the 6.000 men who walked out
last week ignored the deadline set
for their return.
Ten persons, three of them wo
men, were under arrest and two men
were treated in hospitals following
clashes between pickets and per
sons who, police said, attempted to
enter the employment gates of the
company's plants.
DETROIT, Jan. 30 (/P)— I The first
minor disturbances in the week-old
strike of Briggs Manufacturing
Company employees occurred today,
as the 6.000 men who walked out
last week ignored the deadline set
for their return.
Ten persons, three of them wo
men, were under arrest and two men
were treated in hospitals following
clashes between pickets and per
sons who, police said, attempted to
enter the employment gates of the
company's plants.
DETROIT, Jan. 30 (/P)— I The first
minor disturbances in the week-old
strike of Briggs Manufacturing
Company employees occurred today,
as the 6.000 men who walked out
last week ignored the deadline set
for their return.
Ten persons, three of them wo
men, were under arrest and two men
were treated in hospitals following
clashes between pickets and per
sons who, police said, attempted to
enter the employment gates of the
company's plants.
