# British-Persian Oil Grant Tangle Reaches Settlement
## 
### 
GENEVA, Switzerland, Jan. 30 (/P)
—Amicable settlement of the dispute
between Great Britain and Persia
over cancellation of the Anglo-Per
sian Oil Company concession has
been tentatively reached, it was an
nounced today.
Both governments have virtually
accepted a plan for a new arrange
ment.
GENEVA, Switzerland, Jan. 30 (/P)
—Amicable settlement of the dispute
between Great Britain and Persia
over cancellation of the Anglo-Per
sian Oil Company concession has
been tentatively reached, it was an
nounced today.
Both governments have virtually
accepted a plan for a new arrange
ment.
GENEVA, Switzerland, Jan. 30 (/P)
—Amicable settlement of the dispute
between Great Britain and Persia
over cancellation of the Anglo-Per
sian Oil Company concession has
been tentatively reached, it was an
nounced today.
Both governments have virtually
accepted a plan for a new arrange
ment.
GENEVA, Switzerland, Jan. 30 (/P)
—Amicable settlement of the dispute
between Great Britain and Persia
over cancellation of the Anglo-Per
sian Oil Company concession has
been tentatively reached, it was an
nounced today.
Both governments have virtually
accepted a plan for a new arrange
ment.
GENEVA, Switzerland, Jan. 30 (/P)
—Amicable settlement of the dispute
between Great Britain and Persia
over cancellation of the Anglo-Per
sian Oil Company concession has
been tentatively reached, it was an
nounced today.
Both governments have virtually
accepted a plan for a new arrange
ment.
GENEVA, Switzerland, Jan. 30 (/P)
—Amicable settlement of the dispute
between Great Britain and Persia
over cancellation of the Anglo-Per
sian Oil Company concession has
been tentatively reached, it was an
nounced today.
Both governments have virtually
accepted a plan for a new arrange
ment.
GENEVA, Switzerland, Jan. 30 (/P)
—Amicable settlement of the dispute
between Great Britain and Persia
over cancellation of the Anglo-Per
sian Oil Company concession has
been tentatively reached, it was an
nounced today.
Both governments have virtually
accepted a plan for a new arrange
ment.
GENEVA, Switzerland, Jan. 30 (/P)
—Amicable settlement of the dispute
between Great Britain and Persia
over cancellation of the Anglo-Per
sian Oil Company concession has
been tentatively reached, it was an
nounced today.
Both governments have virtually
accepted a plan for a new arrange
ment.
GENEVA, Switzerland, Jan. 30 (/P)
—Amicable settlement of the dispute
between Great Britain and Persia
over cancellation of the Anglo-Per
sian Oil Company concession has
been tentatively reached, it was an
nounced today.
Both governments have virtually
accepted a plan for a new arrange
ment.
GENEVA, Switzerland, Jan. 30 (/P)
—Amicable settlement of the dispute
between Great Britain and Persia
over cancellation of the Anglo-Per
sian Oil Company concession has
been tentatively reached, it was an
nounced today.
Both governments have virtually
accepted a plan for a new arrange
ment.
GENEVA, Switzerland, Jan. 30 (/P)
—Amicable settlement of the dispute
between Great Britain and Persia
over cancellation of the Anglo-Per
sian Oil Company concession has
been tentatively reached, it was an
nounced today.
Both governments have virtually
accepted a plan for a new arrange
ment.
GENEVA, Switzerland, Jan. 30 (/P)
—Amicable settlement of the dispute
between Great Britain and Persia
over cancellation of the Anglo-Per
sian Oil Company concession has
been tentatively reached, it was an
nounced today.
Both governments have virtually
accepted a plan for a new arrange
ment.
GENEVA, Switzerland, Jan. 30 (/P)
—Amicable settlement of the dispute
between Great Britain and Persia
over cancellation of the Anglo-Per
sian Oil Company concession has
been tentatively reached, it was an
nounced today.
Both governments have virtually
accepted a plan for a new arrange
ment.
GENEVA, Switzerland, Jan. 30 (/P)
—Amicable settlement of the dispute
between Great Britain and Persia
over cancellation of the Anglo-Per
sian Oil Company concession has
been tentatively reached, it was an
nounced today.
Both governments have virtually
accepted a plan for a new arrange
ment.
