# U.C.L.A. WILL DROP TENNIS, BASEBALL AS MAJOR SPORTS
## 
### 
Although Stanford ras received
no official communication from
U.C.L.A., unofficially it is known
that the Southern college has dras
tically slashed her athletic program
for the year of 1933.
This cut provides for the elimina
tion of both baseball and tennis,
both major sports in the California
fonference. Why U.C.L.A. has made
this move, while adopting a new
sport in the nature of crew, is a
matter of conjecture. The Bruins
were exceedingly strong in both
baseball and tennis this year.
Tennis especially was the sport in
which the Bruins planned to defend
the Conference championship which
they won last year. With Tidbali,
Lewis, and other veterans all back,
the Bruins were figured to give
Stanford her closest competition for
the 1933 title. The Associated Stu
dent's Board cancelled the two dual
tennis trips in which U.C.L.A. was
to meet California and Stanford.

Baseball was dropped entirely by
the Southern school in a surprise
move. As far as this concerns the
conference, it will result only in
three open dates for Harry Wolter's
Stanford baseball club. There is the
danger, however, that if University
of San Francisco also drops the
sport, the conference may break up.
Although Stanford ras received
no official communication from
U.C.L.A., unofficially it is known
that the Southern college has dras
tically slashed her athletic program
for the year of 1933.
This cut provides for the elimina
tion of both baseball and tennis,
both major sports in the California
fonference. Why U.C.L.A. has made
this move, while adopting a new
sport in the nature of crew, is a
matter of conjecture. The Bruins
were exceedingly strong in both
baseball and tennis this year.
Tennis especially was the sport in
which the Bruins planned to defend
the Conference championship which
they won last year. With Tidbali,
Lewis, and other veterans all back,
the Bruins were figured to give
Stanford her closest competition for
the 1933 title. The Associated Stu
dent's Board cancelled the two dual
tennis trips in which U.C.L.A. was
to meet California and Stanford.

Baseball was dropped entirely by
the Southern school in a surprise
move. As far as this concerns the
conference, it will result only in
three open dates for Harry Wolter's
Stanford baseball club. There is the
danger, however, that if University
of San Francisco also drops the
sport, the conference may break up.
Although Stanford ras received
no official communication from
U.C.L.A., unofficially it is known
that the Southern college has dras
tically slashed her athletic program
for the year of 1933.
This cut provides for the elimina
tion of both baseball and tennis,
both major sports in the California
fonference. Why U.C.L.A. has made
this move, while adopting a new
sport in the nature of crew, is a
matter of conjecture. The Bruins
were exceedingly strong in both
baseball and tennis this year.
Tennis especially was the sport in
which the Bruins planned to defend
the Conference championship which
they won last year. With Tidbali,
Lewis, and other veterans all back,
the Bruins were figured to give
Stanford her closest competition for
the 1933 title. The Associated Stu
dent's Board cancelled the two dual
tennis trips in which U.C.L.A. was
to meet California and Stanford.

Baseball was dropped entirely by
the Southern school in a surprise
move. As far as this concerns the
conference, it will result only in
three open dates for Harry Wolter's
Stanford baseball club. There is the
danger, however, that if University
of San Francisco also drops the
sport, the conference may break up.
Although Stanford ras received
no official communication from
U.C.L.A., unofficially it is known
that the Southern college has dras
tically slashed her athletic program
for the year of 1933.
This cut provides for the elimina
tion of both baseball and tennis,
both major sports in the California
fonference. Why U.C.L.A. has made
this move, while adopting a new
sport in the nature of crew, is a
matter of conjecture. The Bruins
were exceedingly strong in both
baseball and tennis this year.
Tennis especially was the sport in
which the Bruins planned to defend
the Conference championship which
they won last year. With Tidbali,
Lewis, and other veterans all back,
the Bruins were figured to give
Stanford her closest competition for
the 1933 title. The Associated Stu
dent's Board cancelled the two dual
tennis trips in which U.C.L.A. was
to meet California and Stanford.

Baseball was dropped entirely by
the Southern school in a surprise
move. As far as this concerns the
conference, it will result only in
three open dates for Harry Wolter's
Stanford baseball club. There is the
danger, however, that if University
of San Francisco also drops the
sport, the conference may break up.
Although Stanford ras received
no official communication from
U.C.L.A., unofficially it is known
that the Southern college has dras
tically slashed her athletic program
for the year of 1933.
This cut provides for the elimina
tion of both baseball and tennis,
both major sports in the California
fonference. Why U.C.L.A. has made
this move, while adopting a new
sport in the nature of crew, is a
matter of conjecture. The Bruins
were exceedingly strong in both
baseball and tennis this year.
Tennis especially was the sport in
which the Bruins planned to defend
the Conference championship which
they won last year. With Tidbali,
Lewis, and other veterans all back,
the Bruins were figured to give
Stanford her closest competition for
the 1933 title. The Associated Stu
dent's Board cancelled the two dual
tennis trips in which U.C.L.A. was
to meet California and Stanford.

Baseball was dropped entirely by
the Southern school in a surprise
move. As far as this concerns the
conference, it will result only in
three open dates for Harry Wolter's
Stanford baseball club. There is the
danger, however, that if University
of San Francisco also drops the
sport, the conference may break up.
Although Stanford ras received
no official communication from
U.C.L.A., unofficially it is known
that the Southern college has dras
tically slashed her athletic program
for the year of 1933.
This cut provides for the elimina
tion of both baseball and tennis,
both major sports in the California
fonference. Why U.C.L.A. has made
this move, while adopting a new
sport in the nature of crew, is a
matter of conjecture. The Bruins
were exceedingly strong in both
baseball and tennis this year.
Tennis especially was the sport in
which the Bruins planned to defend
the Conference championship which
they won last year. With Tidbali,
Lewis, and other veterans all back,
the Bruins were figured to give
Stanford her closest competition for
the 1933 title. The Associated Stu
dent's Board cancelled the two dual
tennis trips in which U.C.L.A. was
to meet California and Stanford.

Baseball was dropped entirely by
the Southern school in a surprise
move. As far as this concerns the
conference, it will result only in
three open dates for Harry Wolter's
Stanford baseball club. There is the
danger, however, that if University
of San Francisco also drops the
sport, the conference may break up.
Although Stanford ras received
no official communication from
U.C.L.A., unofficially it is known
that the Southern college has dras
tically slashed her athletic program
for the year of 1933.
This cut provides for the elimina
tion of both baseball and tennis,
both major sports in the California
fonference. Why U.C.L.A. has made
this move, while adopting a new
sport in the nature of crew, is a
matter of conjecture. The Bruins
were exceedingly strong in both
baseball and tennis this year.
Tennis especially was the sport in
which the Bruins planned to defend
the Conference championship which
they won last year. With Tidbali,
Lewis, and other veterans all back,
the Bruins were figured to give
Stanford her closest competition for
the 1933 title. The Associated Stu
dent's Board cancelled the two dual
tennis trips in which U.C.L.A. was
to meet California and Stanford.

Baseball was dropped entirely by
the Southern school in a surprise
move. As far as this concerns the
conference, it will result only in
three open dates for Harry Wolter's
Stanford baseball club. There is the
danger, however, that if University
of San Francisco also drops the
sport, the conference may break up.
Although Stanford ras received
no official communication from
U.C.L.A., unofficially it is known
that the Southern college has dras
tically slashed her athletic program
for the year of 1933.
This cut provides for the elimina
tion of both baseball and tennis,
both major sports in the California
fonference. Why U.C.L.A. has made
this move, while adopting a new
sport in the nature of crew, is a
matter of conjecture. The Bruins
were exceedingly strong in both
baseball and tennis this year.
Tennis especially was the sport in
which the Bruins planned to defend
the Conference championship which
they won last year. With Tidbali,
Lewis, and other veterans all back,
the Bruins were figured to give
Stanford her closest competition for
the 1933 title. The Associated Stu
dent's Board cancelled the two dual
tennis trips in which U.C.L.A. was
to meet California and Stanford.

Baseball was dropped entirely by
the Southern school in a surprise
move. As far as this concerns the
conference, it will result only in
three open dates for Harry Wolter's
Stanford baseball club. There is the
danger, however, that if University
of San Francisco also drops the
sport, the conference may break up.
Although Stanford ras received
no official communication from
U.C.L.A., unofficially it is known
that the Southern college has dras
tically slashed her athletic program
for the year of 1933.
This cut provides for the elimina
tion of both baseball and tennis,
both major sports in the California
fonference. Why U.C.L.A. has made
this move, while adopting a new
sport in the nature of crew, is a
matter of conjecture. The Bruins
were exceedingly strong in both
baseball and tennis this year.
Tennis especially was the sport in
which the Bruins planned to defend
the Conference championship which
they won last year. With Tidbali,
Lewis, and other veterans all back,
the Bruins were figured to give
Stanford her closest competition for
the 1933 title. The Associated Stu
dent's Board cancelled the two dual
tennis trips in which U.C.L.A. was
to meet California and Stanford.

Baseball was dropped entirely by
the Southern school in a surprise
move. As far as this concerns the
conference, it will result only in
three open dates for Harry Wolter's
Stanford baseball club. There is the
danger, however, that if University
of San Francisco also drops the
sport, the conference may break up.
Although Stanford ras received
no official communication from
U.C.L.A., unofficially it is known
that the Southern college has dras
tically slashed her athletic program
for the year of 1933.
This cut provides for the elimina
tion of both baseball and tennis,
both major sports in the California
fonference. Why U.C.L.A. has made
this move, while adopting a new
sport in the nature of crew, is a
matter of conjecture. The Bruins
were exceedingly strong in both
baseball and tennis this year.
Tennis especially was the sport in
which the Bruins planned to defend
the Conference championship which
they won last year. With Tidbali,
Lewis, and other veterans all back,
the Bruins were figured to give
Stanford her closest competition for
the 1933 title. The Associated Stu
dent's Board cancelled the two dual
tennis trips in which U.C.L.A. was
to meet California and Stanford.

Baseball was dropped entirely by
the Southern school in a surprise
move. As far as this concerns the
conference, it will result only in
three open dates for Harry Wolter's
Stanford baseball club. There is the
danger, however, that if University
of San Francisco also drops the
sport, the conference may break up.
Although Stanford ras received
no official communication from
U.C.L.A., unofficially it is known
that the Southern college has dras
tically slashed her athletic program
for the year of 1933.
This cut provides for the elimina
tion of both baseball and tennis,
both major sports in the California
fonference. Why U.C.L.A. has made
this move, while adopting a new
sport in the nature of crew, is a
matter of conjecture. The Bruins
were exceedingly strong in both
baseball and tennis this year.
Tennis especially was the sport in
which the Bruins planned to defend
the Conference championship which
they won last year. With Tidbali,
Lewis, and other veterans all back,
the Bruins were figured to give
Stanford her closest competition for
the 1933 title. The Associated Stu
dent's Board cancelled the two dual
tennis trips in which U.C.L.A. was
to meet California and Stanford.

Baseball was dropped entirely by
the Southern school in a surprise
move. As far as this concerns the
conference, it will result only in
three open dates for Harry Wolter's
Stanford baseball club. There is the
danger, however, that if University
of San Francisco also drops the
sport, the conference may break up.
Although Stanford ras received
no official communication from
U.C.L.A., unofficially it is known
that the Southern college has dras
tically slashed her athletic program
for the year of 1933.
This cut provides for the elimina
tion of both baseball and tennis,
both major sports in the California
fonference. Why U.C.L.A. has made
this move, while adopting a new
sport in the nature of crew, is a
matter of conjecture. The Bruins
were exceedingly strong in both
baseball and tennis this year.
Tennis especially was the sport in
which the Bruins planned to defend
the Conference championship which
they won last year. With Tidbali,
Lewis, and other veterans all back,
the Bruins were figured to give
Stanford her closest competition for
the 1933 title. The Associated Stu
dent's Board cancelled the two dual
tennis trips in which U.C.L.A. was
to meet California and Stanford.

Baseball was dropped entirely by
the Southern school in a surprise
move. As far as this concerns the
conference, it will result only in
three open dates for Harry Wolter's
Stanford baseball club. There is the
danger, however, that if University
of San Francisco also drops the
sport, the conference may break up.
Although Stanford ras received
no official communication from
U.C.L.A., unofficially it is known
that the Southern college has dras
tically slashed her athletic program
for the year of 1933.
This cut provides for the elimina
tion of both baseball and tennis,
both major sports in the California
fonference. Why U.C.L.A. has made
this move, while adopting a new
sport in the nature of crew, is a
matter of conjecture. The Bruins
were exceedingly strong in both
baseball and tennis this year.
Tennis especially was the sport in
which the Bruins planned to defend
the Conference championship which
they won last year. With Tidbali,
Lewis, and other veterans all back,
the Bruins were figured to give
Stanford her closest competition for
the 1933 title. The Associated Stu
dent's Board cancelled the two dual
tennis trips in which U.C.L.A. was
to meet California and Stanford.

Baseball was dropped entirely by
the Southern school in a surprise
move. As far as this concerns the
conference, it will result only in
three open dates for Harry Wolter's
Stanford baseball club. There is the
danger, however, that if University
of San Francisco also drops the
sport, the conference may break up.
Although Stanford ras received
no official communication from
U.C.L.A., unofficially it is known
that the Southern college has dras
tically slashed her athletic program
for the year of 1933.
This cut provides for the elimina
tion of both baseball and tennis,
both major sports in the California
fonference. Why U.C.L.A. has made
this move, while adopting a new
sport in the nature of crew, is a
matter of conjecture. The Bruins
were exceedingly strong in both
baseball and tennis this year.
Tennis especially was the sport in
which the Bruins planned to defend
the Conference championship which
they won last year. With Tidbali,
Lewis, and other veterans all back,
the Bruins were figured to give
Stanford her closest competition for
the 1933 title. The Associated Stu
dent's Board cancelled the two dual
tennis trips in which U.C.L.A. was
to meet California and Stanford.

Baseball was dropped entirely by
the Southern school in a surprise
move. As far as this concerns the
conference, it will result only in
three open dates for Harry Wolter's
Stanford baseball club. There is the
danger, however, that if University
of San Francisco also drops the
sport, the conference may break up.
