# 'HEAD TECHNOCRAT' POSES
## 
### 

Shortly after he accepted the resignation of four Columbia University
associates from Technocracy, Howard Scott (center), self-styled "director
of technocracy," consented to pose for pictures. With him arc Professor i
M. King Hubhcrt (left) of Columbia and Dal Hitchcock, one of his
associates. (Associated Press Photo)

Shortly after he accepted the resignation of four Columbia University
associates from Technocracy, Howard Scott (center), self-styled "director
of technocracy," consented to pose for pictures. With him arc Professor i
M. King Hubhcrt (left) of Columbia and Dal Hitchcock, one of his
associates. (Associated Press Photo)

Shortly after he accepted the resignation of four Columbia University
associates from Technocracy, Howard Scott (center), self-styled "director
of technocracy," consented to pose for pictures. With him arc Professor i
M. King Hubhcrt (left) of Columbia and Dal Hitchcock, one of his
associates. (Associated Press Photo)

Shortly after he accepted the resignation of four Columbia University
associates from Technocracy, Howard Scott (center), self-styled "director
of technocracy," consented to pose for pictures. With him arc Professor i
M. King Hubhcrt (left) of Columbia and Dal Hitchcock, one of his
associates. (Associated Press Photo)

Shortly after he accepted the resignation of four Columbia University
associates from Technocracy, Howard Scott (center), self-styled "director
of technocracy," consented to pose for pictures. With him arc Professor i
M. King Hubhcrt (left) of Columbia and Dal Hitchcock, one of his
associates. (Associated Press Photo)

Shortly after he accepted the resignation of four Columbia University
associates from Technocracy, Howard Scott (center), self-styled "director
of technocracy," consented to pose for pictures. With him arc Professor i
M. King Hubhcrt (left) of Columbia and Dal Hitchcock, one of his
associates. (Associated Press Photo)

Shortly after he accepted the resignation of four Columbia University
associates from Technocracy, Howard Scott (center), self-styled "director
of technocracy," consented to pose for pictures. With him arc Professor i
M. King Hubhcrt (left) of Columbia and Dal Hitchcock, one of his
associates. (Associated Press Photo)

Shortly after he accepted the resignation of four Columbia University
associates from Technocracy, Howard Scott (center), self-styled "director
of technocracy," consented to pose for pictures. With him arc Professor i
M. King Hubhcrt (left) of Columbia and Dal Hitchcock, one of his
associates. (Associated Press Photo)

Shortly after he accepted the resignation of four Columbia University
associates from Technocracy, Howard Scott (center), self-styled "director
of technocracy," consented to pose for pictures. With him arc Professor i
M. King Hubhcrt (left) of Columbia and Dal Hitchcock, one of his
associates. (Associated Press Photo)

Shortly after he accepted the resignation of four Columbia University
associates from Technocracy, Howard Scott (center), self-styled "director
of technocracy," consented to pose for pictures. With him arc Professor i
M. King Hubhcrt (left) of Columbia and Dal Hitchcock, one of his
associates. (Associated Press Photo)

Shortly after he accepted the resignation of four Columbia University
associates from Technocracy, Howard Scott (center), self-styled "director
of technocracy," consented to pose for pictures. With him arc Professor i
M. King Hubhcrt (left) of Columbia and Dal Hitchcock, one of his
associates. (Associated Press Photo)

Shortly after he accepted the resignation of four Columbia University
associates from Technocracy, Howard Scott (center), self-styled "director
of technocracy," consented to pose for pictures. With him arc Professor i
M. King Hubhcrt (left) of Columbia and Dal Hitchcock, one of his
associates. (Associated Press Photo)

Shortly after he accepted the resignation of four Columbia University
associates from Technocracy, Howard Scott (center), self-styled "director
of technocracy," consented to pose for pictures. With him arc Professor i
M. King Hubhcrt (left) of Columbia and Dal Hitchcock, one of his
associates. (Associated Press Photo)

Shortly after he accepted the resignation of four Columbia University
associates from Technocracy, Howard Scott (center), self-styled "director
of technocracy," consented to pose for pictures. With him arc Professor i
M. King Hubhcrt (left) of Columbia and Dal Hitchcock, one of his
associates. (Associated Press Photo)
