# Rolph Recall Petitions Printed By State Grange
## 
### 
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 30 (/P)—The
printing of 10.000 copies of a peti
tion proposing the recall of Gover
nor Rolph was to begin here today
upon order of the California State
Grange.

Attorneys who prepared the peti
tion declined to reveal the specific
charges upon which the recall move
ment is based. They merely said it
will carry the general accusation of
incompetency and that it does not
charge malfeasance in office.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 30 (/P)—The
printing of 10.000 copies of a peti
tion proposing the recall of Gover
nor Rolph was to begin here today
upon order of the California State
Grange.

Attorneys who prepared the peti
tion declined to reveal the specific
charges upon which the recall move
ment is based. They merely said it
will carry the general accusation of
incompetency and that it does not
charge malfeasance in office.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 30 (/P)—The
printing of 10.000 copies of a peti
tion proposing the recall of Gover
nor Rolph was to begin here today
upon order of the California State
Grange.

Attorneys who prepared the peti
tion declined to reveal the specific
charges upon which the recall move
ment is based. They merely said it
will carry the general accusation of
incompetency and that it does not
charge malfeasance in office.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 30 (/P)—The
printing of 10.000 copies of a peti
tion proposing the recall of Gover
nor Rolph was to begin here today
upon order of the California State
Grange.

Attorneys who prepared the peti
tion declined to reveal the specific
charges upon which the recall move
ment is based. They merely said it
will carry the general accusation of
incompetency and that it does not
charge malfeasance in office.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 30 (/P)—The
printing of 10.000 copies of a peti
tion proposing the recall of Gover
nor Rolph was to begin here today
upon order of the California State
Grange.

Attorneys who prepared the peti
tion declined to reveal the specific
charges upon which the recall move
ment is based. They merely said it
will carry the general accusation of
incompetency and that it does not
charge malfeasance in office.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 30 (/P)—The
printing of 10.000 copies of a peti
tion proposing the recall of Gover
nor Rolph was to begin here today
upon order of the California State
Grange.

Attorneys who prepared the peti
tion declined to reveal the specific
charges upon which the recall move
ment is based. They merely said it
will carry the general accusation of
incompetency and that it does not
charge malfeasance in office.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 30 (/P)—The
printing of 10.000 copies of a peti
tion proposing the recall of Gover
nor Rolph was to begin here today
upon order of the California State
Grange.

Attorneys who prepared the peti
tion declined to reveal the specific
charges upon which the recall move
ment is based. They merely said it
will carry the general accusation of
incompetency and that it does not
charge malfeasance in office.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 30 (/P)—The
printing of 10.000 copies of a peti
tion proposing the recall of Gover
nor Rolph was to begin here today
upon order of the California State
Grange.

Attorneys who prepared the peti
tion declined to reveal the specific
charges upon which the recall move
ment is based. They merely said it
will carry the general accusation of
incompetency and that it does not
charge malfeasance in office.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 30 (/P)—The
printing of 10.000 copies of a peti
tion proposing the recall of Gover
nor Rolph was to begin here today
upon order of the California State
Grange.

Attorneys who prepared the peti
tion declined to reveal the specific
charges upon which the recall move
ment is based. They merely said it
will carry the general accusation of
incompetency and that it does not
charge malfeasance in office.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 30 (/P)—The
printing of 10.000 copies of a peti
tion proposing the recall of Gover
nor Rolph was to begin here today
upon order of the California State
Grange.

Attorneys who prepared the peti
tion declined to reveal the specific
charges upon which the recall move
ment is based. They merely said it
will carry the general accusation of
incompetency and that it does not
charge malfeasance in office.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 30 (/P)—The
printing of 10.000 copies of a peti
tion proposing the recall of Gover
nor Rolph was to begin here today
upon order of the California State
Grange.

Attorneys who prepared the peti
tion declined to reveal the specific
charges upon which the recall move
ment is based. They merely said it
will carry the general accusation of
incompetency and that it does not
charge malfeasance in office.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 30 (/P)—The
printing of 10.000 copies of a peti
tion proposing the recall of Gover
nor Rolph was to begin here today
upon order of the California State
Grange.

Attorneys who prepared the peti
tion declined to reveal the specific
charges upon which the recall move
ment is based. They merely said it
will carry the general accusation of
incompetency and that it does not
charge malfeasance in office.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 30 (/P)—The
printing of 10.000 copies of a peti
tion proposing the recall of Gover
nor Rolph was to begin here today
upon order of the California State
Grange.

Attorneys who prepared the peti
tion declined to reveal the specific
charges upon which the recall move
ment is based. They merely said it
will carry the general accusation of
incompetency and that it does not
charge malfeasance in office.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 30 (/P)—The
printing of 10.000 copies of a peti
tion proposing the recall of Gover
nor Rolph was to begin here today
upon order of the California State
Grange.

Attorneys who prepared the peti
tion declined to reveal the specific
charges upon which the recall move
ment is based. They merely said it
will carry the general accusation of
incompetency and that it does not
charge malfeasance in office.
