# Fraternities Select Officers
## 
### 
As a result of recent elections,
four fraternities have announced
their new house officers. They are
as follows:
Beta Theta I'i: Richard Faville,
president; Jack Bickle, vice-presi
dent; Martin Johnson, house mana
ger; Tony Gavin, recorder; Richard
Pauley, corresponding secretary;
Grant Spaeth, alumni secretary;
William Kneass, rushing chairman;
John Brodcrick, Jim Love, social
chairmen; and Charles Small, ser
geant at arms.
Alpha Si,",ma I'lii: Warren Fin
ley, president; Charles Uhl, vice
president; Stan Lewis, secretary;
Keith Mul money, rushing chair
man; and Pete Sylvester, social
chairman.
Delta Kappa Lpsilon: Scott Law
son, president; Jeff Mac√üae, vice
president; Dick Norberg, house
manager; Tom Schabarum, rushing
chairman; and Carl Nagel, sergeant
at arms.
Theta Delta Chi: Wes Laubscher,
president; Jerry McCleary, house
manager; Mai.sell Freeman, rushing
cliainnan; Tied Simpich, recording
secretary; Dick Knox, correspond
ing secretary; Don Ham, social
chairman; Bud Slander fer, herald;
and Bill Sperry, librarian.
