# REVIVAL SERIES
## 
### 
Tonight's Revival Scries film will
be "The True Glory," a famous doc
umentary of World War 11. This
movie follows the Americans across
Europe. It was produced by the
OHice of War in 1045 and features
the voice of General Eisenhower.
Only season-ticket holders will be
admitted. The show starts at 7:«10
in the Cubberley Auditorium.
Tonight's Revival Scries film will
be "The True Glory," a famous doc
umentary of World War 11. This
movie follows the Americans across
Europe. It was produced by the
OHice of War in 1045 and features
the voice of General Eisenhower.
Only season-ticket holders will be
admitted. The show starts at 7:«10
in the Cubberley Auditorium.
Tonight's Revival Scries film will
be "The True Glory," a famous doc
umentary of World War 11. This
movie follows the Americans across
Europe. It was produced by the
OHice of War in 1045 and features
the voice of General Eisenhower.
Only season-ticket holders will be
admitted. The show starts at 7:«10
in the Cubberley Auditorium.
Tonight's Revival Scries film will
be "The True Glory," a famous doc
umentary of World War 11. This
movie follows the Americans across
Europe. It was produced by the
OHice of War in 1045 and features
the voice of General Eisenhower.
Only season-ticket holders will be
admitted. The show starts at 7:«10
in the Cubberley Auditorium.
Tonight's Revival Scries film will
be "The True Glory," a famous doc
umentary of World War 11. This
movie follows the Americans across
Europe. It was produced by the
OHice of War in 1045 and features
the voice of General Eisenhower.
Only season-ticket holders will be
admitted. The show starts at 7:«10
in the Cubberley Auditorium.
Tonight's Revival Scries film will
be "The True Glory," a famous doc
umentary of World War 11. This
movie follows the Americans across
Europe. It was produced by the
OHice of War in 1045 and features
the voice of General Eisenhower.
Only season-ticket holders will be
admitted. The show starts at 7:«10
in the Cubberley Auditorium.
Tonight's Revival Scries film will
be "The True Glory," a famous doc
umentary of World War 11. This
movie follows the Americans across
Europe. It was produced by the
OHice of War in 1045 and features
the voice of General Eisenhower.
Only season-ticket holders will be
admitted. The show starts at 7:«10
in the Cubberley Auditorium.
Tonight's Revival Scries film will
be "The True Glory," a famous doc
umentary of World War 11. This
movie follows the Americans across
Europe. It was produced by the
OHice of War in 1045 and features
the voice of General Eisenhower.
Only season-ticket holders will be
admitted. The show starts at 7:«10
in the Cubberley Auditorium.
Tonight's Revival Scries film will
be "The True Glory," a famous doc
umentary of World War 11. This
movie follows the Americans across
Europe. It was produced by the
OHice of War in 1045 and features
the voice of General Eisenhower.
Only season-ticket holders will be
admitted. The show starts at 7:«10
in the Cubberley Auditorium.
Tonight's Revival Scries film will
be "The True Glory," a famous doc
umentary of World War 11. This
movie follows the Americans across
Europe. It was produced by the
OHice of War in 1045 and features
the voice of General Eisenhower.
Only season-ticket holders will be
admitted. The show starts at 7:«10
in the Cubberley Auditorium.
Tonight's Revival Scries film will
be "The True Glory," a famous doc
umentary of World War 11. This
movie follows the Americans across
Europe. It was produced by the
OHice of War in 1045 and features
the voice of General Eisenhower.
Only season-ticket holders will be
admitted. The show starts at 7:«10
in the Cubberley Auditorium.
Tonight's Revival Scries film will
be "The True Glory," a famous doc
umentary of World War 11. This
movie follows the Americans across
Europe. It was produced by the
OHice of War in 1045 and features
the voice of General Eisenhower.
Only season-ticket holders will be
admitted. The show starts at 7:«10
in the Cubberley Auditorium.
Tonight's Revival Scries film will
be "The True Glory," a famous doc
umentary of World War 11. This
movie follows the Americans across
Europe. It was produced by the
OHice of War in 1045 and features
the voice of General Eisenhower.
Only season-ticket holders will be
admitted. The show starts at 7:«10
in the Cubberley Auditorium.
Tonight's Revival Scries film will
be "The True Glory," a famous doc
umentary of World War 11. This
movie follows the Americans across
Europe. It was produced by the
OHice of War in 1045 and features
the voice of General Eisenhower.
Only season-ticket holders will be
admitted. The show starts at 7:«10
in the Cubberley Auditorium.
Tonight's Revival Scries film will
be "The True Glory," a famous doc
umentary of World War 11. This
movie follows the Americans across
Europe. It was produced by the
OHice of War in 1045 and features
the voice of General Eisenhower.
Only season-ticket holders will be
admitted. The show starts at 7:«10
in the Cubberley Auditorium.
Tonight's Revival Scries film will
be "The True Glory," a famous doc
umentary of World War 11. This
movie follows the Americans across
Europe. It was produced by the
OHice of War in 1045 and features
the voice of General Eisenhower.
Only season-ticket holders will be
admitted. The show starts at 7:«10
in the Cubberley Auditorium.
