# Adv. 17 Page 7
## 
### 
CHECK OUT THE
LIBRARIES
Stanford's libraries offer all kinds of
information resources and services,
from rare books to IT support in the
residences.
® Over 25 Libraries
libraries.stanford.edu
® Books & More
searchworks.stanford.edu
® Subject Librarians
librarians.stanford.edu
# Research Help
infocenter.stanford.edu
© Student Jobs & Other Information
library.stanford.edu
# Us on Facebook
facebook.com/greenlibrary
ORIENTATION TOURS
librarytours.stanford.edu
SUSILAIR
library.stanford.edu
CHECK OUT THE
LIBRARIES
Stanford's libraries offer all kinds of
information resources and services,
from rare books to IT support in the
residences.
® Over 25 Libraries
libraries.stanford.edu
® Books & More
searchworks.stanford.edu
® Subject Librarians
librarians.stanford.edu
# Research Help
infocenter.stanford.edu
© Student Jobs & Other Information
library.stanford.edu
# Us on Facebook
facebook.com/greenlibrary
ORIENTATION TOURS
librarytours.stanford.edu
SUSILAIR
library.stanford.edu
CHECK OUT THE
LIBRARIES
Stanford's libraries offer all kinds of
information resources and services,
from rare books to IT support in the
residences.
® Over 25 Libraries
libraries.stanford.edu
® Books & More
searchworks.stanford.edu
® Subject Librarians
librarians.stanford.edu
# Research Help
infocenter.stanford.edu
© Student Jobs & Other Information
library.stanford.edu
# Us on Facebook
facebook.com/greenlibrary
ORIENTATION TOURS
librarytours.stanford.edu
SUSILAIR
library.stanford.edu
CHECK OUT THE
LIBRARIES
Stanford's libraries offer all kinds of
information resources and services,
from rare books to IT support in the
residences.
® Over 25 Libraries
libraries.stanford.edu
® Books & More
searchworks.stanford.edu
® Subject Librarians
librarians.stanford.edu
# Research Help
infocenter.stanford.edu
© Student Jobs & Other Information
library.stanford.edu
# Us on Facebook
facebook.com/greenlibrary
ORIENTATION TOURS
librarytours.stanford.edu
SUSILAIR
library.stanford.edu
CHECK OUT THE
LIBRARIES
Stanford's libraries offer all kinds of
information resources and services,
from rare books to IT support in the
residences.
® Over 25 Libraries
libraries.stanford.edu
® Books & More
searchworks.stanford.edu
® Subject Librarians
librarians.stanford.edu
# Research Help
infocenter.stanford.edu
© Student Jobs & Other Information
library.stanford.edu
# Us on Facebook
facebook.com/greenlibrary
ORIENTATION TOURS
librarytours.stanford.edu
SUSILAIR
library.stanford.edu
