# WORLD FEDERALISTS
## 
### 
World Federalists will meet to
night at 8 in the Women's Club

house. All students are invited
to hear a discussion led by Dick
O'Connell and Frank Low-Beer.
World Federalists will meet to
night at 8 in the Women's Club

house. All students are invited
to hear a discussion led by Dick
O'Connell and Frank Low-Beer.
World Federalists will meet to
night at 8 in the Women's Club

house. All students are invited
to hear a discussion led by Dick
O'Connell and Frank Low-Beer.
World Federalists will meet to
night at 8 in the Women's Club

house. All students are invited
to hear a discussion led by Dick
O'Connell and Frank Low-Beer.
World Federalists will meet to
night at 8 in the Women's Club

house. All students are invited
to hear a discussion led by Dick
O'Connell and Frank Low-Beer.
World Federalists will meet to
night at 8 in the Women's Club

house. All students are invited
to hear a discussion led by Dick
O'Connell and Frank Low-Beer.
World Federalists will meet to
night at 8 in the Women's Club

house. All students are invited
to hear a discussion led by Dick
O'Connell and Frank Low-Beer.
World Federalists will meet to
night at 8 in the Women's Club

house. All students are invited
to hear a discussion led by Dick
O'Connell and Frank Low-Beer.
World Federalists will meet to
night at 8 in the Women's Club

house. All students are invited
to hear a discussion led by Dick
O'Connell and Frank Low-Beer.
World Federalists will meet to
night at 8 in the Women's Club

house. All students are invited
to hear a discussion led by Dick
O'Connell and Frank Low-Beer.
World Federalists will meet to
night at 8 in the Women's Club

house. All students are invited
to hear a discussion led by Dick
O'Connell and Frank Low-Beer.
World Federalists will meet to
night at 8 in the Women's Club

house. All students are invited
to hear a discussion led by Dick
O'Connell and Frank Low-Beer.
World Federalists will meet to
night at 8 in the Women's Club

house. All students are invited
to hear a discussion led by Dick
O'Connell and Frank Low-Beer.
World Federalists will meet to
night at 8 in the Women's Club

house. All students are invited
to hear a discussion led by Dick
O'Connell and Frank Low-Beer.
