# Grads Sought As Engineers
## 
### 
Engineers are wanted! Three
companies will have representatives
on campus within the next week to
interview students who will gradu
ate this winter in engineering, the
Placement Service announces.
Representatives of the C. S. Braun
Co. of Alabama will be at the Place
ment Service today to interview
December graduates with B aver
ages. The company wants civil and
mechanical engineers with B.S. de
grees and Masters of Business Ad
ministration with B.S. degrees in
engineering. Interested students can
contact the Placement Service in
the Inner Quad for appointments.
The Union Oil Company of Cali
fornia and North American Avia
tion Inc. will interview Nov. 27
and 28.
Union Oil Co. wants geologists,
petroleum, chemical, and mechani
cal engineers, and M-B.A.'s with en
gineering who arc either December
or March graduates.
The Placement Service has also
announced that there is a position
open for young women technical
writers with degrees or the equiva
lent in physics or engineering elec
tronics and study or experience in
journalism or English.
