# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Aiuo we not setting too high value
on culture? Or, rather, <lo we not
hold false ideas of culture? Stu
dents, removed largely from out
pi tie influence, hearing daily that
the "one thing necessary'' is made
up from these things which he is
daily absorbing, is likely to regard

the uncultivated minority as re
moved from him by an immense
distance. But, after all, this cult
ure is comparatively only a little
thing; as little probably as wealth,
station, social position, or any
other external. The vast aggregate
of humanity lives and subsists
without these things. Men have
lived nobly and grandly, have
thought clearly, have acted wisely
without any of this "wisdom of the
ages."
It is not the intention here to
disparage culture, but to destroy
false ideas of culture —particularly
that notion that ranks it as synon
ymous with learning. True culture
is still the most desirable of all ex
ternals; the one whose possession
enables us to get the most out of
life. Nevertheless its possession
constitutes a luxury rather than a
virtue. Besides it has been whis
pered from the world outside that
college graduates of twenty years
standing are coming to raise their
estimation of the average man as
compared with the university pro
duct.
Aiuo we not setting too high value
on culture? Or, rather, <lo we not
hold false ideas of culture? Stu
dents, removed largely from out
pi tie influence, hearing daily that
the "one thing necessary'' is made
up from these things which he is
daily absorbing, is likely to regard

the uncultivated minority as re
moved from him by an immense
distance. But, after all, this cult
ure is comparatively only a little
thing; as little probably as wealth,
station, social position, or any
other external. The vast aggregate
of humanity lives and subsists
without these things. Men have
lived nobly and grandly, have
thought clearly, have acted wisely
without any of this "wisdom of the
ages."
It is not the intention here to
disparage culture, but to destroy
false ideas of culture —particularly
that notion that ranks it as synon
ymous with learning. True culture
is still the most desirable of all ex
ternals; the one whose possession
enables us to get the most out of
life. Nevertheless its possession
constitutes a luxury rather than a
virtue. Besides it has been whis
pered from the world outside that
college graduates of twenty years
standing are coming to raise their
estimation of the average man as
compared with the university pro
duct.
Aiuo we not setting too high value
on culture? Or, rather, <lo we not
hold false ideas of culture? Stu
dents, removed largely from out
pi tie influence, hearing daily that
the "one thing necessary'' is made
up from these things which he is
daily absorbing, is likely to regard

the uncultivated minority as re
moved from him by an immense
distance. But, after all, this cult
ure is comparatively only a little
thing; as little probably as wealth,
station, social position, or any
other external. The vast aggregate
of humanity lives and subsists
without these things. Men have
lived nobly and grandly, have
thought clearly, have acted wisely
without any of this "wisdom of the
ages."
It is not the intention here to
disparage culture, but to destroy
false ideas of culture —particularly
that notion that ranks it as synon
ymous with learning. True culture
is still the most desirable of all ex
ternals; the one whose possession
enables us to get the most out of
life. Nevertheless its possession
constitutes a luxury rather than a
virtue. Besides it has been whis
pered from the world outside that
college graduates of twenty years
standing are coming to raise their
estimation of the average man as
compared with the university pro
duct.
Aiuo we not setting too high value
on culture? Or, rather, <lo we not
hold false ideas of culture? Stu
dents, removed largely from out
pi tie influence, hearing daily that
the "one thing necessary'' is made
up from these things which he is
daily absorbing, is likely to regard

the uncultivated minority as re
moved from him by an immense
distance. But, after all, this cult
ure is comparatively only a little
thing; as little probably as wealth,
station, social position, or any
other external. The vast aggregate
of humanity lives and subsists
without these things. Men have
lived nobly and grandly, have
thought clearly, have acted wisely
without any of this "wisdom of the
ages."
It is not the intention here to
disparage culture, but to destroy
false ideas of culture —particularly
that notion that ranks it as synon
ymous with learning. True culture
is still the most desirable of all ex
ternals; the one whose possession
enables us to get the most out of
life. Nevertheless its possession
constitutes a luxury rather than a
virtue. Besides it has been whis
pered from the world outside that
college graduates of twenty years
standing are coming to raise their
estimation of the average man as
compared with the university pro
duct.
