# Adv. 13 Page 5
## 
### 
UNIVERSITY PHARMACY
F. J. STEINMETZ
One-half block from the Circle
HOTEL VENDOME
SAN JOSE
California's beauty spot. Ideal for
week-end. Rates $1.50 up. Table un
excelled. Management Chester W.
Kelley.
UNIVERSITY PHARMACY
F. J. STEINMETZ
One-half block from the Circle
HOTEL VENDOME
SAN JOSE
California's beauty spot. Ideal for
week-end. Rates $1.50 up. Table un
excelled. Management Chester W.
Kelley.
UNIVERSITY PHARMACY
F. J. STEINMETZ
One-half block from the Circle
HOTEL VENDOME
SAN JOSE
California's beauty spot. Ideal for
week-end. Rates $1.50 up. Table un
excelled. Management Chester W.
Kelley.
UNIVERSITY PHARMACY
F. J. STEINMETZ
One-half block from the Circle
HOTEL VENDOME
SAN JOSE
California's beauty spot. Ideal for
week-end. Rates $1.50 up. Table un
excelled. Management Chester W.
Kelley.
UNIVERSITY PHARMACY
F. J. STEINMETZ
One-half block from the Circle
HOTEL VENDOME
SAN JOSE
California's beauty spot. Ideal for
week-end. Rates $1.50 up. Table un
excelled. Management Chester W.
Kelley.
UNIVERSITY PHARMACY
F. J. STEINMETZ
One-half block from the Circle
HOTEL VENDOME
SAN JOSE
California's beauty spot. Ideal for
week-end. Rates $1.50 up. Table un
excelled. Management Chester W.
Kelley.
UNIVERSITY PHARMACY
F. J. STEINMETZ
One-half block from the Circle
HOTEL VENDOME
SAN JOSE
California's beauty spot. Ideal for
week-end. Rates $1.50 up. Table un
excelled. Management Chester W.
Kelley.
UNIVERSITY PHARMACY
F. J. STEINMETZ
One-half block from the Circle
HOTEL VENDOME
SAN JOSE
California's beauty spot. Ideal for
week-end. Rates $1.50 up. Table un
excelled. Management Chester W.
Kelley.
UNIVERSITY PHARMACY
F. J. STEINMETZ
One-half block from the Circle
HOTEL VENDOME
SAN JOSE
California's beauty spot. Ideal for
week-end. Rates $1.50 up. Table un
excelled. Management Chester W.
Kelley.
UNIVERSITY PHARMACY
F. J. STEINMETZ
One-half block from the Circle
HOTEL VENDOME
SAN JOSE
California's beauty spot. Ideal for
week-end. Rates $1.50 up. Table un
excelled. Management Chester W.
Kelley.
UNIVERSITY PHARMACY
F. J. STEINMETZ
One-half block from the Circle
HOTEL VENDOME
SAN JOSE
California's beauty spot. Ideal for
week-end. Rates $1.50 up. Table un
excelled. Management Chester W.
Kelley.
UNIVERSITY PHARMACY
F. J. STEINMETZ
One-half block from the Circle
HOTEL VENDOME
SAN JOSE
California's beauty spot. Ideal for
week-end. Rates $1.50 up. Table un
excelled. Management Chester W.
Kelley.
UNIVERSITY PHARMACY
F. J. STEINMETZ
One-half block from the Circle
HOTEL VENDOME
SAN JOSE
California's beauty spot. Ideal for
week-end. Rates $1.50 up. Table un
excelled. Management Chester W.
Kelley.
UNIVERSITY PHARMACY
F. J. STEINMETZ
One-half block from the Circle
HOTEL VENDOME
SAN JOSE
California's beauty spot. Ideal for
week-end. Rates $1.50 up. Table un
excelled. Management Chester W.
Kelley.
UNIVERSITY PHARMACY
F. J. STEINMETZ
One-half block from the Circle
HOTEL VENDOME
SAN JOSE
California's beauty spot. Ideal for
week-end. Rates $1.50 up. Table un
excelled. Management Chester W.
Kelley.
UNIVERSITY PHARMACY
F. J. STEINMETZ
One-half block from the Circle
HOTEL VENDOME
SAN JOSE
California's beauty spot. Ideal for
week-end. Rates $1.50 up. Table un
excelled. Management Chester W.
Kelley.
