# BABES WILL HOLD A TENNIS TOURNAMENT
## 
### 
The freshmen tennis players will
compete in a tournament tomorrow af
ternoon. The four best may play the
freshman team of the University of
California this quarter. The drawings
were Jenks vs. Davies, Balthis vs.
Hogan, Conrad vs. Freeman, Hahn vs.
Neer, Goldstone vs. Bye, Gerstner vs.
Bye, McTntosh vs. Bye, and Bricker vs.
Bye.
The following were the drawings for
Saturday afternoon: One p.m., Jenks
vs. Davies, Balthis vs. Hagan, Conrad
vs. Hogan. Hahn vs. Neor; 1:45 p.m.,
Goldstone vs. Gerstner, and Mcintosh
vs. Bricker; 2:30 p.m., winner (Jenks

vs. Davies) vs. winner (Balthis vs.
Hogan), winner (Conrad vs. Freeman)
vs. winner (Hahn vs. Neer), winner
(Goldstono vs. Gerstner) vs. Winner
(Mcintosh vs. Bricker). Further
matches will be scheduled Saturday
afternoon for Sunday.
