# War Articles Appear In Current Magazines
## 
### 
ftecont articles to bo found in cur
lent periodicals in the library are as
follows:
"Siberia—A Country of the Future,"
by Valery P. Demianof, in The Ameri
cas for October.
"La Detresse Allemande," by Gi a.
Schreiner, In Revue do Paris for Octo
ber 1. . .
"Notes on International Affairs," by
Charles G. Fenwick, in American Po
litical Science Review for November.
"The Origines of France/' by F. M.
Powicke, in History for October.
"Commercial Possibilities in Pales
tine," an editorial in The Economist
for October 12.
ftecont articles to bo found in cur
lent periodicals in the library are as
follows:
"Siberia—A Country of the Future,"
by Valery P. Demianof, in The Ameri
cas for October.
"La Detresse Allemande," by Gi a.
Schreiner, In Revue do Paris for Octo
ber 1. . .
"Notes on International Affairs," by
Charles G. Fenwick, in American Po
litical Science Review for November.
"The Origines of France/' by F. M.
Powicke, in History for October.
"Commercial Possibilities in Pales
tine," an editorial in The Economist
for October 12.
ftecont articles to bo found in cur
lent periodicals in the library are as
follows:
"Siberia—A Country of the Future,"
by Valery P. Demianof, in The Ameri
cas for October.
"La Detresse Allemande," by Gi a.
Schreiner, In Revue do Paris for Octo
ber 1. . .
"Notes on International Affairs," by
Charles G. Fenwick, in American Po
litical Science Review for November.
"The Origines of France/' by F. M.
Powicke, in History for October.
"Commercial Possibilities in Pales
tine," an editorial in The Economist
for October 12.
ftecont articles to bo found in cur
lent periodicals in the library are as
follows:
"Siberia—A Country of the Future,"
by Valery P. Demianof, in The Ameri
cas for October.
"La Detresse Allemande," by Gi a.
Schreiner, In Revue do Paris for Octo
ber 1. . .
"Notes on International Affairs," by
Charles G. Fenwick, in American Po
litical Science Review for November.
"The Origines of France/' by F. M.
Powicke, in History for October.
"Commercial Possibilities in Pales
tine," an editorial in The Economist
for October 12.
ftecont articles to bo found in cur
lent periodicals in the library are as
follows:
"Siberia—A Country of the Future,"
by Valery P. Demianof, in The Ameri
cas for October.
"La Detresse Allemande," by Gi a.
Schreiner, In Revue do Paris for Octo
ber 1. . .
"Notes on International Affairs," by
Charles G. Fenwick, in American Po
litical Science Review for November.
"The Origines of France/' by F. M.
Powicke, in History for October.
"Commercial Possibilities in Pales
tine," an editorial in The Economist
for October 12.
ftecont articles to bo found in cur
lent periodicals in the library are as
follows:
"Siberia—A Country of the Future,"
by Valery P. Demianof, in The Ameri
cas for October.
"La Detresse Allemande," by Gi a.
Schreiner, In Revue do Paris for Octo
ber 1. . .
"Notes on International Affairs," by
Charles G. Fenwick, in American Po
litical Science Review for November.
"The Origines of France/' by F. M.
Powicke, in History for October.
"Commercial Possibilities in Pales
tine," an editorial in The Economist
for October 12.
ftecont articles to bo found in cur
lent periodicals in the library are as
follows:
"Siberia—A Country of the Future,"
by Valery P. Demianof, in The Ameri
cas for October.
"La Detresse Allemande," by Gi a.
Schreiner, In Revue do Paris for Octo
ber 1. . .
"Notes on International Affairs," by
Charles G. Fenwick, in American Po
litical Science Review for November.
"The Origines of France/' by F. M.
Powicke, in History for October.
"Commercial Possibilities in Pales
tine," an editorial in The Economist
for October 12.
ftecont articles to bo found in cur
lent periodicals in the library are as
follows:
"Siberia—A Country of the Future,"
by Valery P. Demianof, in The Ameri
cas for October.
"La Detresse Allemande," by Gi a.
Schreiner, In Revue do Paris for Octo
ber 1. . .
"Notes on International Affairs," by
Charles G. Fenwick, in American Po
litical Science Review for November.
"The Origines of France/' by F. M.
Powicke, in History for October.
"Commercial Possibilities in Pales
tine," an editorial in The Economist
for October 12.
ftecont articles to bo found in cur
lent periodicals in the library are as
follows:
"Siberia—A Country of the Future,"
by Valery P. Demianof, in The Ameri
cas for October.
"La Detresse Allemande," by Gi a.
Schreiner, In Revue do Paris for Octo
ber 1. . .
"Notes on International Affairs," by
Charles G. Fenwick, in American Po
litical Science Review for November.
"The Origines of France/' by F. M.
Powicke, in History for October.
"Commercial Possibilities in Pales
tine," an editorial in The Economist
for October 12.
ftecont articles to bo found in cur
lent periodicals in the library are as
follows:
"Siberia—A Country of the Future,"
by Valery P. Demianof, in The Ameri
cas for October.
"La Detresse Allemande," by Gi a.
Schreiner, In Revue do Paris for Octo
ber 1. . .
"Notes on International Affairs," by
Charles G. Fenwick, in American Po
litical Science Review for November.
"The Origines of France/' by F. M.
Powicke, in History for October.
"Commercial Possibilities in Pales
tine," an editorial in The Economist
for October 12.
ftecont articles to bo found in cur
lent periodicals in the library are as
follows:
"Siberia—A Country of the Future,"
by Valery P. Demianof, in The Ameri
cas for October.
"La Detresse Allemande," by Gi a.
Schreiner, In Revue do Paris for Octo
ber 1. . .
"Notes on International Affairs," by
Charles G. Fenwick, in American Po
litical Science Review for November.
"The Origines of France/' by F. M.
Powicke, in History for October.
"Commercial Possibilities in Pales
tine," an editorial in The Economist
for October 12.
ftecont articles to bo found in cur
lent periodicals in the library are as
follows:
"Siberia—A Country of the Future,"
by Valery P. Demianof, in The Ameri
cas for October.
"La Detresse Allemande," by Gi a.
Schreiner, In Revue do Paris for Octo
ber 1. . .
"Notes on International Affairs," by
Charles G. Fenwick, in American Po
litical Science Review for November.
"The Origines of France/' by F. M.
Powicke, in History for October.
"Commercial Possibilities in Pales
tine," an editorial in The Economist
for October 12.
ftecont articles to bo found in cur
lent periodicals in the library are as
follows:
"Siberia—A Country of the Future,"
by Valery P. Demianof, in The Ameri
cas for October.
"La Detresse Allemande," by Gi a.
Schreiner, In Revue do Paris for Octo
ber 1. . .
"Notes on International Affairs," by
Charles G. Fenwick, in American Po
litical Science Review for November.
"The Origines of France/' by F. M.
Powicke, in History for October.
"Commercial Possibilities in Pales
tine," an editorial in The Economist
for October 12.
ftecont articles to bo found in cur
lent periodicals in the library are as
follows:
"Siberia—A Country of the Future,"
by Valery P. Demianof, in The Ameri
cas for October.
"La Detresse Allemande," by Gi a.
Schreiner, In Revue do Paris for Octo
ber 1. . .
"Notes on International Affairs," by
Charles G. Fenwick, in American Po
litical Science Review for November.
"The Origines of France/' by F. M.
Powicke, in History for October.
"Commercial Possibilities in Pales
tine," an editorial in The Economist
for October 12.
ftecont articles to bo found in cur
lent periodicals in the library are as
follows:
"Siberia—A Country of the Future,"
by Valery P. Demianof, in The Ameri
cas for October.
"La Detresse Allemande," by Gi a.
Schreiner, In Revue do Paris for Octo
ber 1. . .
"Notes on International Affairs," by
Charles G. Fenwick, in American Po
litical Science Review for November.
"The Origines of France/' by F. M.
Powicke, in History for October.
"Commercial Possibilities in Pales
tine," an editorial in The Economist
for October 12.
ftecont articles to bo found in cur
lent periodicals in the library are as
follows:
"Siberia—A Country of the Future,"
by Valery P. Demianof, in The Ameri
cas for October.
"La Detresse Allemande," by Gi a.
Schreiner, In Revue do Paris for Octo
ber 1. . .
"Notes on International Affairs," by
Charles G. Fenwick, in American Po
litical Science Review for November.
"The Origines of France/' by F. M.
Powicke, in History for October.
"Commercial Possibilities in Pales
tine," an editorial in The Economist
for October 12.
