# Adv. 19 Page 4
## 
### 
Stanford History Club an
nounces the election of the fol
lowing new members:
Richard Dickenson
Albert Hoxie
Jane Kellogg
Hans Lund
Martha McDowell
Charles Manger
Elizabeth Manwaring
Tamaki Nao
Rixford Snyder
Stanford History Club an
nounces the election of the fol
lowing new members:
Richard Dickenson
Albert Hoxie
Jane Kellogg
Hans Lund
Martha McDowell
Charles Manger
Elizabeth Manwaring
Tamaki Nao
Rixford Snyder
Stanford History Club an
nounces the election of the fol
lowing new members:
Richard Dickenson
Albert Hoxie
Jane Kellogg
Hans Lund
Martha McDowell
Charles Manger
Elizabeth Manwaring
Tamaki Nao
Rixford Snyder
Stanford History Club an
nounces the election of the fol
lowing new members:
Richard Dickenson
Albert Hoxie
Jane Kellogg
Hans Lund
Martha McDowell
Charles Manger
Elizabeth Manwaring
Tamaki Nao
Rixford Snyder
Stanford History Club an
nounces the election of the fol
lowing new members:
Richard Dickenson
Albert Hoxie
Jane Kellogg
Hans Lund
Martha McDowell
Charles Manger
Elizabeth Manwaring
Tamaki Nao
Rixford Snyder
Stanford History Club an
nounces the election of the fol
lowing new members:
Richard Dickenson
Albert Hoxie
Jane Kellogg
Hans Lund
Martha McDowell
Charles Manger
Elizabeth Manwaring
Tamaki Nao
Rixford Snyder
Stanford History Club an
nounces the election of the fol
lowing new members:
Richard Dickenson
Albert Hoxie
Jane Kellogg
Hans Lund
Martha McDowell
Charles Manger
Elizabeth Manwaring
Tamaki Nao
Rixford Snyder
Stanford History Club an
nounces the election of the fol
lowing new members:
Richard Dickenson
Albert Hoxie
Jane Kellogg
Hans Lund
Martha McDowell
Charles Manger
Elizabeth Manwaring
Tamaki Nao
Rixford Snyder
Stanford History Club an
nounces the election of the fol
lowing new members:
Richard Dickenson
Albert Hoxie
Jane Kellogg
Hans Lund
Martha McDowell
Charles Manger
Elizabeth Manwaring
Tamaki Nao
Rixford Snyder
Stanford History Club an
nounces the election of the fol
lowing new members:
Richard Dickenson
Albert Hoxie
Jane Kellogg
Hans Lund
Martha McDowell
Charles Manger
Elizabeth Manwaring
Tamaki Nao
Rixford Snyder
Stanford History Club an
nounces the election of the fol
lowing new members:
Richard Dickenson
Albert Hoxie
Jane Kellogg
Hans Lund
Martha McDowell
Charles Manger
Elizabeth Manwaring
Tamaki Nao
Rixford Snyder
Stanford History Club an
nounces the election of the fol
lowing new members:
Richard Dickenson
Albert Hoxie
Jane Kellogg
Hans Lund
Martha McDowell
Charles Manger
Elizabeth Manwaring
Tamaki Nao
Rixford Snyder
Stanford History Club an
nounces the election of the fol
lowing new members:
Richard Dickenson
Albert Hoxie
Jane Kellogg
Hans Lund
Martha McDowell
Charles Manger
Elizabeth Manwaring
Tamaki Nao
Rixford Snyder
Stanford History Club an
nounces the election of the fol
lowing new members:
Richard Dickenson
Albert Hoxie
Jane Kellogg
Hans Lund
Martha McDowell
Charles Manger
Elizabeth Manwaring
Tamaki Nao
Rixford Snyder
Stanford History Club an
nounces the election of the fol
lowing new members:
Richard Dickenson
Albert Hoxie
Jane Kellogg
Hans Lund
Martha McDowell
Charles Manger
Elizabeth Manwaring
Tamaki Nao
Rixford Snyder
