# FOR STATE
## 
### 

Ilildegarde 01? a Alexander, 2f>-
year-old New York model, testi
fied at Bruno Hauptmann's trial
that she the defendant shadowing
Dr. John F. "Jafsie" Condon in a
railway station shortly before the
Lindbergh ransom money was paid.
(Associated Press photo.)

Ilildegarde 01? a Alexander, 2f>-
year-old New York model, testi
fied at Bruno Hauptmann's trial
that she the defendant shadowing
Dr. John F. "Jafsie" Condon in a
railway station shortly before the
Lindbergh ransom money was paid.
(Associated Press photo.)

Ilildegarde 01? a Alexander, 2f>-
year-old New York model, testi
fied at Bruno Hauptmann's trial
that she the defendant shadowing
Dr. John F. "Jafsie" Condon in a
railway station shortly before the
Lindbergh ransom money was paid.
(Associated Press photo.)

Ilildegarde 01? a Alexander, 2f>-
year-old New York model, testi
fied at Bruno Hauptmann's trial
that she the defendant shadowing
Dr. John F. "Jafsie" Condon in a
railway station shortly before the
Lindbergh ransom money was paid.
(Associated Press photo.)

Ilildegarde 01? a Alexander, 2f>-
year-old New York model, testi
fied at Bruno Hauptmann's trial
that she the defendant shadowing
Dr. John F. "Jafsie" Condon in a
railway station shortly before the
Lindbergh ransom money was paid.
(Associated Press photo.)

Ilildegarde 01? a Alexander, 2f>-
year-old New York model, testi
fied at Bruno Hauptmann's trial
that she the defendant shadowing
Dr. John F. "Jafsie" Condon in a
railway station shortly before the
Lindbergh ransom money was paid.
(Associated Press photo.)

Ilildegarde 01? a Alexander, 2f>-
year-old New York model, testi
fied at Bruno Hauptmann's trial
that she the defendant shadowing
Dr. John F. "Jafsie" Condon in a
railway station shortly before the
Lindbergh ransom money was paid.
(Associated Press photo.)

Ilildegarde 01? a Alexander, 2f>-
year-old New York model, testi
fied at Bruno Hauptmann's trial
that she the defendant shadowing
Dr. John F. "Jafsie" Condon in a
railway station shortly before the
Lindbergh ransom money was paid.
(Associated Press photo.)

Ilildegarde 01? a Alexander, 2f>-
year-old New York model, testi
fied at Bruno Hauptmann's trial
that she the defendant shadowing
Dr. John F. "Jafsie" Condon in a
railway station shortly before the
Lindbergh ransom money was paid.
(Associated Press photo.)

Ilildegarde 01? a Alexander, 2f>-
year-old New York model, testi
fied at Bruno Hauptmann's trial
that she the defendant shadowing
Dr. John F. "Jafsie" Condon in a
railway station shortly before the
Lindbergh ransom money was paid.
(Associated Press photo.)

Ilildegarde 01? a Alexander, 2f>-
year-old New York model, testi
fied at Bruno Hauptmann's trial
that she the defendant shadowing
Dr. John F. "Jafsie" Condon in a
railway station shortly before the
Lindbergh ransom money was paid.
(Associated Press photo.)

Ilildegarde 01? a Alexander, 2f>-
year-old New York model, testi
fied at Bruno Hauptmann's trial
that she the defendant shadowing
Dr. John F. "Jafsie" Condon in a
railway station shortly before the
Lindbergh ransom money was paid.
(Associated Press photo.)

Ilildegarde 01? a Alexander, 2f>-
year-old New York model, testi
fied at Bruno Hauptmann's trial
that she the defendant shadowing
Dr. John F. "Jafsie" Condon in a
railway station shortly before the
Lindbergh ransom money was paid.
(Associated Press photo.)

Ilildegarde 01? a Alexander, 2f>-
year-old New York model, testi
fied at Bruno Hauptmann's trial
that she the defendant shadowing
Dr. John F. "Jafsie" Condon in a
railway station shortly before the
Lindbergh ransom money was paid.
(Associated Press photo.)

Ilildegarde 01? a Alexander, 2f>-
year-old New York model, testi
fied at Bruno Hauptmann's trial
that she the defendant shadowing
Dr. John F. "Jafsie" Condon in a
railway station shortly before the
Lindbergh ransom money was paid.
(Associated Press photo.)
