# HER ONLY APPEARANCE ON COAST
## 
### 

Grace Moore, operatic star, who is singing in San Francisco this week
at the Civic Auditorium. Besides the noted soprano, Gaetano Merola
conducts his symphony orchestra.

Grace Moore, operatic star, who is singing in San Francisco this week
at the Civic Auditorium. Besides the noted soprano, Gaetano Merola
conducts his symphony orchestra.

Grace Moore, operatic star, who is singing in San Francisco this week
at the Civic Auditorium. Besides the noted soprano, Gaetano Merola
conducts his symphony orchestra.

Grace Moore, operatic star, who is singing in San Francisco this week
at the Civic Auditorium. Besides the noted soprano, Gaetano Merola
conducts his symphony orchestra.

Grace Moore, operatic star, who is singing in San Francisco this week
at the Civic Auditorium. Besides the noted soprano, Gaetano Merola
conducts his symphony orchestra.

Grace Moore, operatic star, who is singing in San Francisco this week
at the Civic Auditorium. Besides the noted soprano, Gaetano Merola
conducts his symphony orchestra.

Grace Moore, operatic star, who is singing in San Francisco this week
at the Civic Auditorium. Besides the noted soprano, Gaetano Merola
conducts his symphony orchestra.

Grace Moore, operatic star, who is singing in San Francisco this week
at the Civic Auditorium. Besides the noted soprano, Gaetano Merola
conducts his symphony orchestra.

Grace Moore, operatic star, who is singing in San Francisco this week
at the Civic Auditorium. Besides the noted soprano, Gaetano Merola
conducts his symphony orchestra.

Grace Moore, operatic star, who is singing in San Francisco this week
at the Civic Auditorium. Besides the noted soprano, Gaetano Merola
conducts his symphony orchestra.

Grace Moore, operatic star, who is singing in San Francisco this week
at the Civic Auditorium. Besides the noted soprano, Gaetano Merola
conducts his symphony orchestra.

Grace Moore, operatic star, who is singing in San Francisco this week
at the Civic Auditorium. Besides the noted soprano, Gaetano Merola
conducts his symphony orchestra.

Grace Moore, operatic star, who is singing in San Francisco this week
at the Civic Auditorium. Besides the noted soprano, Gaetano Merola
conducts his symphony orchestra.

Grace Moore, operatic star, who is singing in San Francisco this week
at the Civic Auditorium. Besides the noted soprano, Gaetano Merola
conducts his symphony orchestra.

Grace Moore, operatic star, who is singing in San Francisco this week
at the Civic Auditorium. Besides the noted soprano, Gaetano Merola
conducts his symphony orchestra.
