# U.S.C. MEETS CARD BASEBALL NINE IN TWO-GAME SERIES
## Steve Collins Will Be Pitcher Today; Sobieski to Start Tomorrow 
### 
The first contest of the Stanford-
U.S.C. two-game series will be played
on the varsity diamond this afternoon
at 3 o'clock. Harry Wolter plans to
start the game with Steve Collins, a
veteran from last year's team, as
pitcher. Tomorrow's game will start
at 2:30 o'clock, with Count Sobieski
in the box.
Collins made a good showing against
the Klawans and McMullins team re
cently and proved that he has suf
ficient control and enough diversified
curves to hold the <Mty sluggers down
to five hits and two runs. Sobieski has
been the most consistent hurler on the
varsity to date.
The varsity lineup will start Sypher
behind the plate, Johnston at first,
Garibaldi at second, Captain Cudde
back at third, Busch at shortstop, and
Weaver, Stewart, and Nissen in the
outfield. The ineligibility of Tod
Oviatt, moundsman, who looked to be
Stanford's best bet in pitching at the
beginning of the season, has been a
loss to the varsity.
The first contest of the Stanford-
U.S.C. two-game series will be played
on the varsity diamond this afternoon
at 3 o'clock. Harry Wolter plans to
start the game with Steve Collins, a
veteran from last year's team, as
pitcher. Tomorrow's game will start
at 2:30 o'clock, with Count Sobieski
in the box.
Collins made a good showing against
the Klawans and McMullins team re
cently and proved that he has suf
ficient control and enough diversified
curves to hold the <Mty sluggers down
to five hits and two runs. Sobieski has
been the most consistent hurler on the
varsity to date.
The varsity lineup will start Sypher
behind the plate, Johnston at first,
Garibaldi at second, Captain Cudde
back at third, Busch at shortstop, and
Weaver, Stewart, and Nissen in the
outfield. The ineligibility of Tod
Oviatt, moundsman, who looked to be
Stanford's best bet in pitching at the
beginning of the season, has been a
loss to the varsity.
The first contest of the Stanford-
U.S.C. two-game series will be played
on the varsity diamond this afternoon
at 3 o'clock. Harry Wolter plans to
start the game with Steve Collins, a
veteran from last year's team, as
pitcher. Tomorrow's game will start
at 2:30 o'clock, with Count Sobieski
in the box.
Collins made a good showing against
the Klawans and McMullins team re
cently and proved that he has suf
ficient control and enough diversified
curves to hold the <Mty sluggers down
to five hits and two runs. Sobieski has
been the most consistent hurler on the
varsity to date.
The varsity lineup will start Sypher
behind the plate, Johnston at first,
Garibaldi at second, Captain Cudde
back at third, Busch at shortstop, and
Weaver, Stewart, and Nissen in the
outfield. The ineligibility of Tod
Oviatt, moundsman, who looked to be
Stanford's best bet in pitching at the
beginning of the season, has been a
loss to the varsity.
The first contest of the Stanford-
U.S.C. two-game series will be played
on the varsity diamond this afternoon
at 3 o'clock. Harry Wolter plans to
start the game with Steve Collins, a
veteran from last year's team, as
pitcher. Tomorrow's game will start
at 2:30 o'clock, with Count Sobieski
in the box.
Collins made a good showing against
the Klawans and McMullins team re
cently and proved that he has suf
ficient control and enough diversified
curves to hold the <Mty sluggers down
to five hits and two runs. Sobieski has
been the most consistent hurler on the
varsity to date.
The varsity lineup will start Sypher
behind the plate, Johnston at first,
Garibaldi at second, Captain Cudde
back at third, Busch at shortstop, and
Weaver, Stewart, and Nissen in the
outfield. The ineligibility of Tod
Oviatt, moundsman, who looked to be
Stanford's best bet in pitching at the
beginning of the season, has been a
loss to the varsity.
The first contest of the Stanford-
U.S.C. two-game series will be played
on the varsity diamond this afternoon
at 3 o'clock. Harry Wolter plans to
start the game with Steve Collins, a
veteran from last year's team, as
pitcher. Tomorrow's game will start
at 2:30 o'clock, with Count Sobieski
in the box.
Collins made a good showing against
the Klawans and McMullins team re
cently and proved that he has suf
ficient control and enough diversified
curves to hold the <Mty sluggers down
to five hits and two runs. Sobieski has
been the most consistent hurler on the
varsity to date.
The varsity lineup will start Sypher
behind the plate, Johnston at first,
Garibaldi at second, Captain Cudde
back at third, Busch at shortstop, and
Weaver, Stewart, and Nissen in the
outfield. The ineligibility of Tod
Oviatt, moundsman, who looked to be
Stanford's best bet in pitching at the
beginning of the season, has been a
loss to the varsity.
The first contest of the Stanford-
U.S.C. two-game series will be played
on the varsity diamond this afternoon
at 3 o'clock. Harry Wolter plans to
start the game with Steve Collins, a
veteran from last year's team, as
pitcher. Tomorrow's game will start
at 2:30 o'clock, with Count Sobieski
in the box.
Collins made a good showing against
the Klawans and McMullins team re
cently and proved that he has suf
ficient control and enough diversified
curves to hold the <Mty sluggers down
to five hits and two runs. Sobieski has
been the most consistent hurler on the
varsity to date.
The varsity lineup will start Sypher
behind the plate, Johnston at first,
Garibaldi at second, Captain Cudde
back at third, Busch at shortstop, and
Weaver, Stewart, and Nissen in the
outfield. The ineligibility of Tod
Oviatt, moundsman, who looked to be
Stanford's best bet in pitching at the
beginning of the season, has been a
loss to the varsity.
The first contest of the Stanford-
U.S.C. two-game series will be played
on the varsity diamond this afternoon
at 3 o'clock. Harry Wolter plans to
start the game with Steve Collins, a
veteran from last year's team, as
pitcher. Tomorrow's game will start
at 2:30 o'clock, with Count Sobieski
in the box.
Collins made a good showing against
the Klawans and McMullins team re
cently and proved that he has suf
ficient control and enough diversified
curves to hold the <Mty sluggers down
to five hits and two runs. Sobieski has
been the most consistent hurler on the
varsity to date.
The varsity lineup will start Sypher
behind the plate, Johnston at first,
Garibaldi at second, Captain Cudde
back at third, Busch at shortstop, and
Weaver, Stewart, and Nissen in the
outfield. The ineligibility of Tod
Oviatt, moundsman, who looked to be
Stanford's best bet in pitching at the
beginning of the season, has been a
loss to the varsity.
The first contest of the Stanford-
U.S.C. two-game series will be played
on the varsity diamond this afternoon
at 3 o'clock. Harry Wolter plans to
start the game with Steve Collins, a
veteran from last year's team, as
pitcher. Tomorrow's game will start
at 2:30 o'clock, with Count Sobieski
in the box.
Collins made a good showing against
the Klawans and McMullins team re
cently and proved that he has suf
ficient control and enough diversified
curves to hold the <Mty sluggers down
to five hits and two runs. Sobieski has
been the most consistent hurler on the
varsity to date.
The varsity lineup will start Sypher
behind the plate, Johnston at first,
Garibaldi at second, Captain Cudde
back at third, Busch at shortstop, and
Weaver, Stewart, and Nissen in the
outfield. The ineligibility of Tod
Oviatt, moundsman, who looked to be
Stanford's best bet in pitching at the
beginning of the season, has been a
loss to the varsity.
The first contest of the Stanford-
U.S.C. two-game series will be played
on the varsity diamond this afternoon
at 3 o'clock. Harry Wolter plans to
start the game with Steve Collins, a
veteran from last year's team, as
pitcher. Tomorrow's game will start
at 2:30 o'clock, with Count Sobieski
in the box.
Collins made a good showing against
the Klawans and McMullins team re
cently and proved that he has suf
ficient control and enough diversified
curves to hold the <Mty sluggers down
to five hits and two runs. Sobieski has
been the most consistent hurler on the
varsity to date.
The varsity lineup will start Sypher
behind the plate, Johnston at first,
Garibaldi at second, Captain Cudde
back at third, Busch at shortstop, and
Weaver, Stewart, and Nissen in the
outfield. The ineligibility of Tod
Oviatt, moundsman, who looked to be
Stanford's best bet in pitching at the
beginning of the season, has been a
loss to the varsity.
The first contest of the Stanford-
U.S.C. two-game series will be played
on the varsity diamond this afternoon
at 3 o'clock. Harry Wolter plans to
start the game with Steve Collins, a
veteran from last year's team, as
pitcher. Tomorrow's game will start
at 2:30 o'clock, with Count Sobieski
in the box.
Collins made a good showing against
the Klawans and McMullins team re
cently and proved that he has suf
ficient control and enough diversified
curves to hold the <Mty sluggers down
to five hits and two runs. Sobieski has
been the most consistent hurler on the
varsity to date.
The varsity lineup will start Sypher
behind the plate, Johnston at first,
Garibaldi at second, Captain Cudde
back at third, Busch at shortstop, and
Weaver, Stewart, and Nissen in the
outfield. The ineligibility of Tod
Oviatt, moundsman, who looked to be
Stanford's best bet in pitching at the
beginning of the season, has been a
loss to the varsity.
The first contest of the Stanford-
U.S.C. two-game series will be played
on the varsity diamond this afternoon
at 3 o'clock. Harry Wolter plans to
start the game with Steve Collins, a
veteran from last year's team, as
pitcher. Tomorrow's game will start
at 2:30 o'clock, with Count Sobieski
in the box.
Collins made a good showing against
the Klawans and McMullins team re
cently and proved that he has suf
ficient control and enough diversified
curves to hold the <Mty sluggers down
to five hits and two runs. Sobieski has
been the most consistent hurler on the
varsity to date.
The varsity lineup will start Sypher
behind the plate, Johnston at first,
Garibaldi at second, Captain Cudde
back at third, Busch at shortstop, and
Weaver, Stewart, and Nissen in the
outfield. The ineligibility of Tod
Oviatt, moundsman, who looked to be
Stanford's best bet in pitching at the
beginning of the season, has been a
loss to the varsity.
The first contest of the Stanford-
U.S.C. two-game series will be played
on the varsity diamond this afternoon
at 3 o'clock. Harry Wolter plans to
start the game with Steve Collins, a
veteran from last year's team, as
pitcher. Tomorrow's game will start
at 2:30 o'clock, with Count Sobieski
in the box.
Collins made a good showing against
the Klawans and McMullins team re
cently and proved that he has suf
ficient control and enough diversified
curves to hold the <Mty sluggers down
to five hits and two runs. Sobieski has
been the most consistent hurler on the
varsity to date.
The varsity lineup will start Sypher
behind the plate, Johnston at first,
Garibaldi at second, Captain Cudde
back at third, Busch at shortstop, and
Weaver, Stewart, and Nissen in the
outfield. The ineligibility of Tod
Oviatt, moundsman, who looked to be
Stanford's best bet in pitching at the
beginning of the season, has been a
loss to the varsity.
The first contest of the Stanford-
U.S.C. two-game series will be played
on the varsity diamond this afternoon
at 3 o'clock. Harry Wolter plans to
start the game with Steve Collins, a
veteran from last year's team, as
pitcher. Tomorrow's game will start
at 2:30 o'clock, with Count Sobieski
in the box.
Collins made a good showing against
the Klawans and McMullins team re
cently and proved that he has suf
ficient control and enough diversified
curves to hold the <Mty sluggers down
to five hits and two runs. Sobieski has
been the most consistent hurler on the
varsity to date.
The varsity lineup will start Sypher
behind the plate, Johnston at first,
Garibaldi at second, Captain Cudde
back at third, Busch at shortstop, and
Weaver, Stewart, and Nissen in the
outfield. The ineligibility of Tod
Oviatt, moundsman, who looked to be
Stanford's best bet in pitching at the
beginning of the season, has been a
loss to the varsity.
The first contest of the Stanford-
U.S.C. two-game series will be played
on the varsity diamond this afternoon
at 3 o'clock. Harry Wolter plans to
start the game with Steve Collins, a
veteran from last year's team, as
pitcher. Tomorrow's game will start
at 2:30 o'clock, with Count Sobieski
in the box.
Collins made a good showing against
the Klawans and McMullins team re
cently and proved that he has suf
ficient control and enough diversified
curves to hold the <Mty sluggers down
to five hits and two runs. Sobieski has
been the most consistent hurler on the
varsity to date.
The varsity lineup will start Sypher
behind the plate, Johnston at first,
Garibaldi at second, Captain Cudde
back at third, Busch at shortstop, and
Weaver, Stewart, and Nissen in the
outfield. The ineligibility of Tod
Oviatt, moundsman, who looked to be
Stanford's best bet in pitching at the
beginning of the season, has been a
loss to the varsity.
