# FAIRCHILD MAINTAINS VARSITY NET RANKING
## 
### 
Paul Fairchild maintained his No. 3
ranking on the varsity squad with a
three-set victory over Ralph McEl
venny yesterday. The scores were 6*l,
5-7, 10-8.
McElvenny opened the match with
a driving attack that exactly suited
Fairchild. The first set went quickly
in seven gam«s and McElvenny was
behind 4-1 in the second set. At this
point he changed his game to a soft
lobbing defense. Fairchild steadily
knocked the overhead shots outside,
and his opponent profited accordingly,
taking the set 7-5.
The last set was a gruelling battle.
McElvenny lobbed an dchopped inces
santly, while Fairchild responded with
steady forehand and backhand drives.
The games alternated in regular man
ner until the sixteenth game when
McElvenny weakened, dropped his ser
vice, and lost the match as Fairchild
won his service.
Paul Fairchild maintained his No. 3
ranking on the varsity squad with a
three-set victory over Ralph McEl
venny yesterday. The scores were 6*l,
5-7, 10-8.
McElvenny opened the match with
a driving attack that exactly suited
Fairchild. The first set went quickly
in seven gam«s and McElvenny was
behind 4-1 in the second set. At this
point he changed his game to a soft
lobbing defense. Fairchild steadily
knocked the overhead shots outside,
and his opponent profited accordingly,
taking the set 7-5.
The last set was a gruelling battle.
McElvenny lobbed an dchopped inces
santly, while Fairchild responded with
steady forehand and backhand drives.
The games alternated in regular man
ner until the sixteenth game when
McElvenny weakened, dropped his ser
vice, and lost the match as Fairchild
won his service.
Paul Fairchild maintained his No. 3
ranking on the varsity squad with a
three-set victory over Ralph McEl
venny yesterday. The scores were 6*l,
5-7, 10-8.
McElvenny opened the match with
a driving attack that exactly suited
Fairchild. The first set went quickly
in seven gam«s and McElvenny was
behind 4-1 in the second set. At this
point he changed his game to a soft
lobbing defense. Fairchild steadily
knocked the overhead shots outside,
and his opponent profited accordingly,
taking the set 7-5.
The last set was a gruelling battle.
McElvenny lobbed an dchopped inces
santly, while Fairchild responded with
steady forehand and backhand drives.
The games alternated in regular man
ner until the sixteenth game when
McElvenny weakened, dropped his ser
vice, and lost the match as Fairchild
won his service.
Paul Fairchild maintained his No. 3
ranking on the varsity squad with a
three-set victory over Ralph McEl
venny yesterday. The scores were 6*l,
5-7, 10-8.
McElvenny opened the match with
a driving attack that exactly suited
Fairchild. The first set went quickly
in seven gam«s and McElvenny was
behind 4-1 in the second set. At this
point he changed his game to a soft
lobbing defense. Fairchild steadily
knocked the overhead shots outside,
and his opponent profited accordingly,
taking the set 7-5.
The last set was a gruelling battle.
McElvenny lobbed an dchopped inces
santly, while Fairchild responded with
steady forehand and backhand drives.
The games alternated in regular man
ner until the sixteenth game when
McElvenny weakened, dropped his ser
vice, and lost the match as Fairchild
won his service.
Paul Fairchild maintained his No. 3
ranking on the varsity squad with a
three-set victory over Ralph McEl
venny yesterday. The scores were 6*l,
5-7, 10-8.
McElvenny opened the match with
a driving attack that exactly suited
Fairchild. The first set went quickly
in seven gam«s and McElvenny was
behind 4-1 in the second set. At this
point he changed his game to a soft
lobbing defense. Fairchild steadily
knocked the overhead shots outside,
and his opponent profited accordingly,
taking the set 7-5.
The last set was a gruelling battle.
McElvenny lobbed an dchopped inces
santly, while Fairchild responded with
steady forehand and backhand drives.
The games alternated in regular man
ner until the sixteenth game when
McElvenny weakened, dropped his ser
vice, and lost the match as Fairchild
won his service.
Paul Fairchild maintained his No. 3
ranking on the varsity squad with a
three-set victory over Ralph McEl
venny yesterday. The scores were 6*l,
5-7, 10-8.
McElvenny opened the match with
a driving attack that exactly suited
Fairchild. The first set went quickly
in seven gam«s and McElvenny was
behind 4-1 in the second set. At this
point he changed his game to a soft
lobbing defense. Fairchild steadily
knocked the overhead shots outside,
and his opponent profited accordingly,
taking the set 7-5.
The last set was a gruelling battle.
McElvenny lobbed an dchopped inces
santly, while Fairchild responded with
steady forehand and backhand drives.
The games alternated in regular man
ner until the sixteenth game when
McElvenny weakened, dropped his ser
vice, and lost the match as Fairchild
won his service.
Paul Fairchild maintained his No. 3
ranking on the varsity squad with a
three-set victory over Ralph McEl
venny yesterday. The scores were 6*l,
5-7, 10-8.
McElvenny opened the match with
a driving attack that exactly suited
Fairchild. The first set went quickly
in seven gam«s and McElvenny was
behind 4-1 in the second set. At this
point he changed his game to a soft
lobbing defense. Fairchild steadily
knocked the overhead shots outside,
and his opponent profited accordingly,
taking the set 7-5.
The last set was a gruelling battle.
McElvenny lobbed an dchopped inces
santly, while Fairchild responded with
steady forehand and backhand drives.
The games alternated in regular man
ner until the sixteenth game when
McElvenny weakened, dropped his ser
vice, and lost the match as Fairchild
won his service.
Paul Fairchild maintained his No. 3
ranking on the varsity squad with a
three-set victory over Ralph McEl
venny yesterday. The scores were 6*l,
5-7, 10-8.
McElvenny opened the match with
a driving attack that exactly suited
Fairchild. The first set went quickly
in seven gam«s and McElvenny was
behind 4-1 in the second set. At this
point he changed his game to a soft
lobbing defense. Fairchild steadily
knocked the overhead shots outside,
and his opponent profited accordingly,
taking the set 7-5.
The last set was a gruelling battle.
McElvenny lobbed an dchopped inces
santly, while Fairchild responded with
steady forehand and backhand drives.
The games alternated in regular man
ner until the sixteenth game when
McElvenny weakened, dropped his ser
vice, and lost the match as Fairchild
won his service.
Paul Fairchild maintained his No. 3
ranking on the varsity squad with a
three-set victory over Ralph McEl
venny yesterday. The scores were 6*l,
5-7, 10-8.
McElvenny opened the match with
a driving attack that exactly suited
Fairchild. The first set went quickly
in seven gam«s and McElvenny was
behind 4-1 in the second set. At this
point he changed his game to a soft
lobbing defense. Fairchild steadily
knocked the overhead shots outside,
and his opponent profited accordingly,
taking the set 7-5.
The last set was a gruelling battle.
McElvenny lobbed an dchopped inces
santly, while Fairchild responded with
steady forehand and backhand drives.
The games alternated in regular man
ner until the sixteenth game when
McElvenny weakened, dropped his ser
vice, and lost the match as Fairchild
won his service.
Paul Fairchild maintained his No. 3
ranking on the varsity squad with a
three-set victory over Ralph McEl
venny yesterday. The scores were 6*l,
5-7, 10-8.
McElvenny opened the match with
a driving attack that exactly suited
Fairchild. The first set went quickly
in seven gam«s and McElvenny was
behind 4-1 in the second set. At this
point he changed his game to a soft
lobbing defense. Fairchild steadily
knocked the overhead shots outside,
and his opponent profited accordingly,
taking the set 7-5.
The last set was a gruelling battle.
McElvenny lobbed an dchopped inces
santly, while Fairchild responded with
steady forehand and backhand drives.
The games alternated in regular man
ner until the sixteenth game when
McElvenny weakened, dropped his ser
vice, and lost the match as Fairchild
won his service.
Paul Fairchild maintained his No. 3
ranking on the varsity squad with a
three-set victory over Ralph McEl
venny yesterday. The scores were 6*l,
5-7, 10-8.
McElvenny opened the match with
a driving attack that exactly suited
Fairchild. The first set went quickly
in seven gam«s and McElvenny was
behind 4-1 in the second set. At this
point he changed his game to a soft
lobbing defense. Fairchild steadily
knocked the overhead shots outside,
and his opponent profited accordingly,
taking the set 7-5.
The last set was a gruelling battle.
McElvenny lobbed an dchopped inces
santly, while Fairchild responded with
steady forehand and backhand drives.
The games alternated in regular man
ner until the sixteenth game when
McElvenny weakened, dropped his ser
vice, and lost the match as Fairchild
won his service.
Paul Fairchild maintained his No. 3
ranking on the varsity squad with a
three-set victory over Ralph McEl
venny yesterday. The scores were 6*l,
5-7, 10-8.
McElvenny opened the match with
a driving attack that exactly suited
Fairchild. The first set went quickly
in seven gam«s and McElvenny was
behind 4-1 in the second set. At this
point he changed his game to a soft
lobbing defense. Fairchild steadily
knocked the overhead shots outside,
and his opponent profited accordingly,
taking the set 7-5.
The last set was a gruelling battle.
McElvenny lobbed an dchopped inces
santly, while Fairchild responded with
steady forehand and backhand drives.
The games alternated in regular man
ner until the sixteenth game when
McElvenny weakened, dropped his ser
vice, and lost the match as Fairchild
won his service.
Paul Fairchild maintained his No. 3
ranking on the varsity squad with a
three-set victory over Ralph McEl
venny yesterday. The scores were 6*l,
5-7, 10-8.
McElvenny opened the match with
a driving attack that exactly suited
Fairchild. The first set went quickly
in seven gam«s and McElvenny was
behind 4-1 in the second set. At this
point he changed his game to a soft
lobbing defense. Fairchild steadily
knocked the overhead shots outside,
and his opponent profited accordingly,
taking the set 7-5.
The last set was a gruelling battle.
McElvenny lobbed an dchopped inces
santly, while Fairchild responded with
steady forehand and backhand drives.
The games alternated in regular man
ner until the sixteenth game when
McElvenny weakened, dropped his ser
vice, and lost the match as Fairchild
won his service.
Paul Fairchild maintained his No. 3
ranking on the varsity squad with a
three-set victory over Ralph McEl
venny yesterday. The scores were 6*l,
5-7, 10-8.
McElvenny opened the match with
a driving attack that exactly suited
Fairchild. The first set went quickly
in seven gam«s and McElvenny was
behind 4-1 in the second set. At this
point he changed his game to a soft
lobbing defense. Fairchild steadily
knocked the overhead shots outside,
and his opponent profited accordingly,
taking the set 7-5.
The last set was a gruelling battle.
McElvenny lobbed an dchopped inces
santly, while Fairchild responded with
steady forehand and backhand drives.
The games alternated in regular man
ner until the sixteenth game when
McElvenny weakened, dropped his ser
vice, and lost the match as Fairchild
won his service.
