# BABES SLING GREEN INK IN TRADITIONAL '29 EDITION MONDAY
## 
### 
Since a report is generally pre
valent that spring is here and
"the green grass grows all
around" with such determination
that sophomores are rushing
lawnmowers into action all along
the Row, the freshman members
of the Daily Palo Alto staff have
decided that the time is ripe for
a Freshman Edition printed in
green ink. They will perpetrate
this verdant atrocity Monday.
In keeping with annual tradi
tion, the scribes in the three
upper classes will retire grace
fully into the background and let
the youthful Brisbanes of the
staff have their fling for a day.
All rules of journalistic proce
dure are to be cast to the four
winds in the impending issue and
a sense of humor, not too stale,
will be inserted into each story.
The editor positvely will NOT be
responsible.
