# SOPH DISCIPLINE VOTED DOWN
## 
### 
A move to appoint a sophomore vigi
lance committee to enforce the ob
servance of freshman traditions, in
place of the present freshman com
mittee, was voted down at the Uni
versity of Washington when the Sen
ior Council decided to leave the en
forcement of freshman rules to the
first-war students.
A move to appoint a sophomore vigi
lance committee to enforce the ob
servance of freshman traditions, in
place of the present freshman com
mittee, was voted down at the Uni
versity of Washington when the Sen
ior Council decided to leave the en
forcement of freshman rules to the
first-war students.
A move to appoint a sophomore vigi
lance committee to enforce the ob
servance of freshman traditions, in
place of the present freshman com
mittee, was voted down at the Uni
versity of Washington when the Sen
ior Council decided to leave the en
forcement of freshman rules to the
first-war students.
A move to appoint a sophomore vigi
lance committee to enforce the ob
servance of freshman traditions, in
place of the present freshman com
mittee, was voted down at the Uni
versity of Washington when the Sen
ior Council decided to leave the en
forcement of freshman rules to the
first-war students.
A move to appoint a sophomore vigi
lance committee to enforce the ob
servance of freshman traditions, in
place of the present freshman com
mittee, was voted down at the Uni
versity of Washington when the Sen
ior Council decided to leave the en
forcement of freshman rules to the
first-war students.
A move to appoint a sophomore vigi
lance committee to enforce the ob
servance of freshman traditions, in
place of the present freshman com
mittee, was voted down at the Uni
versity of Washington when the Sen
ior Council decided to leave the en
forcement of freshman rules to the
first-war students.
A move to appoint a sophomore vigi
lance committee to enforce the ob
servance of freshman traditions, in
place of the present freshman com
mittee, was voted down at the Uni
versity of Washington when the Sen
ior Council decided to leave the en
forcement of freshman rules to the
first-war students.
A move to appoint a sophomore vigi
lance committee to enforce the ob
servance of freshman traditions, in
place of the present freshman com
mittee, was voted down at the Uni
versity of Washington when the Sen
ior Council decided to leave the en
forcement of freshman rules to the
first-war students.
A move to appoint a sophomore vigi
lance committee to enforce the ob
servance of freshman traditions, in
place of the present freshman com
mittee, was voted down at the Uni
versity of Washington when the Sen
ior Council decided to leave the en
forcement of freshman rules to the
first-war students.
A move to appoint a sophomore vigi
lance committee to enforce the ob
servance of freshman traditions, in
place of the present freshman com
mittee, was voted down at the Uni
versity of Washington when the Sen
ior Council decided to leave the en
forcement of freshman rules to the
first-war students.
A move to appoint a sophomore vigi
lance committee to enforce the ob
servance of freshman traditions, in
place of the present freshman com
mittee, was voted down at the Uni
versity of Washington when the Sen
ior Council decided to leave the en
forcement of freshman rules to the
first-war students.
A move to appoint a sophomore vigi
lance committee to enforce the ob
servance of freshman traditions, in
place of the present freshman com
mittee, was voted down at the Uni
versity of Washington when the Sen
ior Council decided to leave the en
forcement of freshman rules to the
first-war students.
A move to appoint a sophomore vigi
lance committee to enforce the ob
servance of freshman traditions, in
place of the present freshman com
mittee, was voted down at the Uni
versity of Washington when the Sen
ior Council decided to leave the en
forcement of freshman rules to the
first-war students.
A move to appoint a sophomore vigi
lance committee to enforce the ob
servance of freshman traditions, in
place of the present freshman com
mittee, was voted down at the Uni
versity of Washington when the Sen
ior Council decided to leave the en
forcement of freshman rules to the
first-war students.
