# Junior Week and Pledging
## 
### 
J OCT
There seems to be some conflict between the tentative date set for
pledging and the date granted for the Junior Week activities. According
to some of the junior committeemen, this running together of events will
seriously endanger their plans. It would be well for the Inter fraternity
Conference to give this matter due consideration at its meeting Monday
night.
J OCT
There seems to be some conflict between the tentative date set for
pledging and the date granted for the Junior Week activities. According
to some of the junior committeemen, this running together of events will
seriously endanger their plans. It would be well for the Inter fraternity
Conference to give this matter due consideration at its meeting Monday
night.
J OCT
There seems to be some conflict between the tentative date set for
pledging and the date granted for the Junior Week activities. According
to some of the junior committeemen, this running together of events will
seriously endanger their plans. It would be well for the Inter fraternity
Conference to give this matter due consideration at its meeting Monday
night.
J OCT
There seems to be some conflict between the tentative date set for
pledging and the date granted for the Junior Week activities. According
to some of the junior committeemen, this running together of events will
seriously endanger their plans. It would be well for the Inter fraternity
Conference to give this matter due consideration at its meeting Monday
night.
J OCT
There seems to be some conflict between the tentative date set for
pledging and the date granted for the Junior Week activities. According
to some of the junior committeemen, this running together of events will
seriously endanger their plans. It would be well for the Inter fraternity
Conference to give this matter due consideration at its meeting Monday
night.
J OCT
There seems to be some conflict between the tentative date set for
pledging and the date granted for the Junior Week activities. According
to some of the junior committeemen, this running together of events will
seriously endanger their plans. It would be well for the Inter fraternity
Conference to give this matter due consideration at its meeting Monday
night.
J OCT
There seems to be some conflict between the tentative date set for
pledging and the date granted for the Junior Week activities. According
to some of the junior committeemen, this running together of events will
seriously endanger their plans. It would be well for the Inter fraternity
Conference to give this matter due consideration at its meeting Monday
night.
J OCT
There seems to be some conflict between the tentative date set for
pledging and the date granted for the Junior Week activities. According
to some of the junior committeemen, this running together of events will
seriously endanger their plans. It would be well for the Inter fraternity
Conference to give this matter due consideration at its meeting Monday
night.
J OCT
There seems to be some conflict between the tentative date set for
pledging and the date granted for the Junior Week activities. According
to some of the junior committeemen, this running together of events will
seriously endanger their plans. It would be well for the Inter fraternity
Conference to give this matter due consideration at its meeting Monday
night.
J OCT
There seems to be some conflict between the tentative date set for
pledging and the date granted for the Junior Week activities. According
to some of the junior committeemen, this running together of events will
seriously endanger their plans. It would be well for the Inter fraternity
Conference to give this matter due consideration at its meeting Monday
night.
J OCT
There seems to be some conflict between the tentative date set for
pledging and the date granted for the Junior Week activities. According
to some of the junior committeemen, this running together of events will
seriously endanger their plans. It would be well for the Inter fraternity
Conference to give this matter due consideration at its meeting Monday
night.
J OCT
There seems to be some conflict between the tentative date set for
pledging and the date granted for the Junior Week activities. According
to some of the junior committeemen, this running together of events will
seriously endanger their plans. It would be well for the Inter fraternity
Conference to give this matter due consideration at its meeting Monday
night.
J OCT
There seems to be some conflict between the tentative date set for
pledging and the date granted for the Junior Week activities. According
to some of the junior committeemen, this running together of events will
seriously endanger their plans. It would be well for the Inter fraternity
Conference to give this matter due consideration at its meeting Monday
night.
J OCT
There seems to be some conflict between the tentative date set for
pledging and the date granted for the Junior Week activities. According
to some of the junior committeemen, this running together of events will
seriously endanger their plans. It would be well for the Inter fraternity
Conference to give this matter due consideration at its meeting Monday
night.
