# Honors And Awards
## Royden Named Acting Dean 
### 
Halsey L. Royden, professor
of mathematics, has been named
acting dean of the School of
Humanities and Sciences for the
year 1968-69. The appointment
was made last Friday by Presi
dent Wallace Sterling to fill the
vacancy left by Dean Robert
Sears' sabbatical.
Professor Royden served as
associate dean of the school
from 1962-65. He will be aided
by the present associate dean
Lawrence Ryan, who has been
reappointed for the coming year.
TTie Interim Judicial Body
gained two appointees last Fri
day also. They are David C.
Regnery, professor of biology,
and Dale Collinson, professor of
law.

Another faculty member hon
ored by a recent appointment is
Dr. Daniel J. Feldman, associate
professor and head of the Divis
ion of Rehabilitation Medicine
at the Stanford School of Medi
cine. He has been named pro
fessor and chairman of the De
partment of Rehabilitation Med
icine at the Medical College of
Ohio at Toledo. He will join the
faculty there September 1, 1968.
* * ★
Three Stanford students have
recently been named as fellow
ship recipients for th° academic
year 1968-1969. Kirk Hanson ani
Craig Schindler have been
awarded Rockefeller Trial Year
Fellowships, and Richard Gorin
has been awarded a Harold
Stonier graduate fellowship.
The Rockefeller fellowship,
granted by the Fund for Theo
logical Education, Princeton,
New Jersey, makes possible a
trial year in an accredited theo
logical institution. Hanson, a
past editor of the Stanford
Dally, and Schindler are desig
nated as men who would not
have gone to a seminary other
wise. In accepting the award,
they agree to consider seriously
the possibility of the ordained
ministry as a vocation.
Approximately 70 such

awards are made each year. The
fellowship provides funds for
all institutional charges as well
as additional money for mis
cellaneous expenses.
Richard Gorin, who is cur
rently a Woodrow Wilson Dis
sertation Fellow at Stanford,
has been named one of six na
tional Harold Stonier fellows.
These fellowships, made pos
sible through the American
Bankers Association's Founda
tion for Education in Economics,
are granted specifically to allow
doctoral candidates who have
finished their course work to
complete their dissertations
without resorting to temporary
employment. They cover full
tuition and fees and provide a
grant of $2,400 to each recipient.
* ★ ★
Two petroleum engineering
students took top honors in com
petition with students from U.C.
Berkeley and U.S.C. last week.
The student paper contest, held
at the University of Southern
California on April 19, was spon
sored by the Society of Petrol
eum Engineers.
William Cobb of Stanford won
first place in the graduate di
vision and Robert Stevens of
USC took first place in the un
dergraduate division. Anil Kum

ar, also of Stanford, won a
special honorable mention never
before awarded. Andrew Uzoig
we and All Sinnokrot also pre
sented papers for Stanford, as
did three other students from
USC and three student* from
Berkeley.
