# HOLIDAY DECLARED
## 
### 
President Wilbur has declared a
half-holiday on Saturday, February
23, as well as on Friday, February
22d. in commemoration of Washing
ton's birthday.
President Wilbur has declared a
half-holiday on Saturday, February
23, as well as on Friday, February
22d. in commemoration of Washing
ton's birthday.
President Wilbur has declared a
half-holiday on Saturday, February
23, as well as on Friday, February
22d. in commemoration of Washing
ton's birthday.
President Wilbur has declared a
half-holiday on Saturday, February
23, as well as on Friday, February
22d. in commemoration of Washing
ton's birthday.
President Wilbur has declared a
half-holiday on Saturday, February
23, as well as on Friday, February
22d. in commemoration of Washing
ton's birthday.
President Wilbur has declared a
half-holiday on Saturday, February
23, as well as on Friday, February
22d. in commemoration of Washing
ton's birthday.
President Wilbur has declared a
half-holiday on Saturday, February
23, as well as on Friday, February
22d. in commemoration of Washing
ton's birthday.
President Wilbur has declared a
half-holiday on Saturday, February
23, as well as on Friday, February
22d. in commemoration of Washing
ton's birthday.
President Wilbur has declared a
half-holiday on Saturday, February
23, as well as on Friday, February
22d. in commemoration of Washing
ton's birthday.
President Wilbur has declared a
half-holiday on Saturday, February
23, as well as on Friday, February
22d. in commemoration of Washing
ton's birthday.
President Wilbur has declared a
half-holiday on Saturday, February
23, as well as on Friday, February
22d. in commemoration of Washing
ton's birthday.
President Wilbur has declared a
half-holiday on Saturday, February
23, as well as on Friday, February
22d. in commemoration of Washing
ton's birthday.
President Wilbur has declared a
half-holiday on Saturday, February
23, as well as on Friday, February
22d. in commemoration of Washing
ton's birthday.
President Wilbur has declared a
half-holiday on Saturday, February
23, as well as on Friday, February
22d. in commemoration of Washing
ton's birthday.
President Wilbur has declared a
half-holiday on Saturday, February
23, as well as on Friday, February
22d. in commemoration of Washing
ton's birthday.
