# CORRECTION
## 
### 
Tlie Stanford Mothers' Club will
meet on February 19, instead of on
February 12, as announced in yes
terday's Daily.
Tlie Stanford Mothers' Club will
meet on February 19, instead of on
February 12, as announced in yes
terday's Daily.
Tlie Stanford Mothers' Club will
meet on February 19, instead of on
February 12, as announced in yes
terday's Daily.
Tlie Stanford Mothers' Club will
meet on February 19, instead of on
February 12, as announced in yes
terday's Daily.
Tlie Stanford Mothers' Club will
meet on February 19, instead of on
February 12, as announced in yes
terday's Daily.
Tlie Stanford Mothers' Club will
meet on February 19, instead of on
February 12, as announced in yes
terday's Daily.
Tlie Stanford Mothers' Club will
meet on February 19, instead of on
February 12, as announced in yes
terday's Daily.
Tlie Stanford Mothers' Club will
meet on February 19, instead of on
February 12, as announced in yes
terday's Daily.
Tlie Stanford Mothers' Club will
meet on February 19, instead of on
February 12, as announced in yes
terday's Daily.
Tlie Stanford Mothers' Club will
meet on February 19, instead of on
February 12, as announced in yes
terday's Daily.
Tlie Stanford Mothers' Club will
meet on February 19, instead of on
February 12, as announced in yes
terday's Daily.
Tlie Stanford Mothers' Club will
meet on February 19, instead of on
February 12, as announced in yes
terday's Daily.
Tlie Stanford Mothers' Club will
meet on February 19, instead of on
February 12, as announced in yes
terday's Daily.
Tlie Stanford Mothers' Club will
meet on February 19, instead of on
February 12, as announced in yes
terday's Daily.
Tlie Stanford Mothers' Club will
meet on February 19, instead of on
February 12, as announced in yes
terday's Daily.
