# Industrial Worker to Talk On Education Problems
## 
### 
Discussing the problem of the
worker's education and vital issuer
with which the worker is confronted
today, Lucie Wilcox Adams, head of
the Western School for Industrial
Workers and state director of Work
er's Education, will talk in the 'Y'
clubrooms at 4 o'clock today. Miss
Margaret Jensen, a girl worker, will
present her views on the subject.
Discussing the problem of the
worker's education and vital issuer
with which the worker is confronted
today, Lucie Wilcox Adams, head of
the Western School for Industrial
Workers and state director of Work
er's Education, will talk in the 'Y'
clubrooms at 4 o'clock today. Miss
Margaret Jensen, a girl worker, will
present her views on the subject.
Discussing the problem of the
worker's education and vital issuer
with which the worker is confronted
today, Lucie Wilcox Adams, head of
the Western School for Industrial
Workers and state director of Work
er's Education, will talk in the 'Y'
clubrooms at 4 o'clock today. Miss
Margaret Jensen, a girl worker, will
present her views on the subject.
Discussing the problem of the
worker's education and vital issuer
with which the worker is confronted
today, Lucie Wilcox Adams, head of
the Western School for Industrial
Workers and state director of Work
er's Education, will talk in the 'Y'
clubrooms at 4 o'clock today. Miss
Margaret Jensen, a girl worker, will
present her views on the subject.
Discussing the problem of the
worker's education and vital issuer
with which the worker is confronted
today, Lucie Wilcox Adams, head of
the Western School for Industrial
Workers and state director of Work
er's Education, will talk in the 'Y'
clubrooms at 4 o'clock today. Miss
Margaret Jensen, a girl worker, will
present her views on the subject.
Discussing the problem of the
worker's education and vital issuer
with which the worker is confronted
today, Lucie Wilcox Adams, head of
the Western School for Industrial
Workers and state director of Work
er's Education, will talk in the 'Y'
clubrooms at 4 o'clock today. Miss
Margaret Jensen, a girl worker, will
present her views on the subject.
Discussing the problem of the
worker's education and vital issuer
with which the worker is confronted
today, Lucie Wilcox Adams, head of
the Western School for Industrial
Workers and state director of Work
er's Education, will talk in the 'Y'
clubrooms at 4 o'clock today. Miss
Margaret Jensen, a girl worker, will
present her views on the subject.
Discussing the problem of the
worker's education and vital issuer
with which the worker is confronted
today, Lucie Wilcox Adams, head of
the Western School for Industrial
Workers and state director of Work
er's Education, will talk in the 'Y'
clubrooms at 4 o'clock today. Miss
Margaret Jensen, a girl worker, will
present her views on the subject.
Discussing the problem of the
worker's education and vital issuer
with which the worker is confronted
today, Lucie Wilcox Adams, head of
the Western School for Industrial
Workers and state director of Work
er's Education, will talk in the 'Y'
clubrooms at 4 o'clock today. Miss
Margaret Jensen, a girl worker, will
present her views on the subject.
Discussing the problem of the
worker's education and vital issuer
with which the worker is confronted
today, Lucie Wilcox Adams, head of
the Western School for Industrial
Workers and state director of Work
er's Education, will talk in the 'Y'
clubrooms at 4 o'clock today. Miss
Margaret Jensen, a girl worker, will
present her views on the subject.
Discussing the problem of the
worker's education and vital issuer
with which the worker is confronted
today, Lucie Wilcox Adams, head of
the Western School for Industrial
Workers and state director of Work
er's Education, will talk in the 'Y'
clubrooms at 4 o'clock today. Miss
Margaret Jensen, a girl worker, will
present her views on the subject.
Discussing the problem of the
worker's education and vital issuer
with which the worker is confronted
today, Lucie Wilcox Adams, head of
the Western School for Industrial
Workers and state director of Work
er's Education, will talk in the 'Y'
clubrooms at 4 o'clock today. Miss
Margaret Jensen, a girl worker, will
present her views on the subject.
Discussing the problem of the
worker's education and vital issuer
with which the worker is confronted
today, Lucie Wilcox Adams, head of
the Western School for Industrial
Workers and state director of Work
er's Education, will talk in the 'Y'
clubrooms at 4 o'clock today. Miss
Margaret Jensen, a girl worker, will
present her views on the subject.
Discussing the problem of the
worker's education and vital issuer
with which the worker is confronted
today, Lucie Wilcox Adams, head of
the Western School for Industrial
Workers and state director of Work
er's Education, will talk in the 'Y'
clubrooms at 4 o'clock today. Miss
Margaret Jensen, a girl worker, will
present her views on the subject.
Discussing the problem of the
worker's education and vital issuer
with which the worker is confronted
today, Lucie Wilcox Adams, head of
the Western School for Industrial
Workers and state director of Work
er's Education, will talk in the 'Y'
clubrooms at 4 o'clock today. Miss
Margaret Jensen, a girl worker, will
present her views on the subject.
