# MAY BAN ALIENS
## 
### 
I PHOENIX. Ariz., Feb. 5 (/P)
Alien Japanese would virtually be
prohibited from occupying, acquir
ing or cultivating land in Arizona
under a measure introduced in the
House of Representatives today. I
I PHOENIX. Ariz., Feb. 5 (/P)
Alien Japanese would virtually be
prohibited from occupying, acquir
ing or cultivating land in Arizona
under a measure introduced in the
House of Representatives today. I
I PHOENIX. Ariz., Feb. 5 (/P)
Alien Japanese would virtually be
prohibited from occupying, acquir
ing or cultivating land in Arizona
under a measure introduced in the
House of Representatives today. I
I PHOENIX. Ariz., Feb. 5 (/P)
Alien Japanese would virtually be
prohibited from occupying, acquir
ing or cultivating land in Arizona
under a measure introduced in the
House of Representatives today. I
I PHOENIX. Ariz., Feb. 5 (/P)
Alien Japanese would virtually be
prohibited from occupying, acquir
ing or cultivating land in Arizona
under a measure introduced in the
House of Representatives today. I
I PHOENIX. Ariz., Feb. 5 (/P)
Alien Japanese would virtually be
prohibited from occupying, acquir
ing or cultivating land in Arizona
under a measure introduced in the
House of Representatives today. I
I PHOENIX. Ariz., Feb. 5 (/P)
Alien Japanese would virtually be
prohibited from occupying, acquir
ing or cultivating land in Arizona
under a measure introduced in the
House of Representatives today. I
I PHOENIX. Ariz., Feb. 5 (/P)
Alien Japanese would virtually be
prohibited from occupying, acquir
ing or cultivating land in Arizona
under a measure introduced in the
House of Representatives today. I
I PHOENIX. Ariz., Feb. 5 (/P)
Alien Japanese would virtually be
prohibited from occupying, acquir
ing or cultivating land in Arizona
under a measure introduced in the
House of Representatives today. I
I PHOENIX. Ariz., Feb. 5 (/P)
Alien Japanese would virtually be
prohibited from occupying, acquir
ing or cultivating land in Arizona
under a measure introduced in the
House of Representatives today. I
I PHOENIX. Ariz., Feb. 5 (/P)
Alien Japanese would virtually be
prohibited from occupying, acquir
ing or cultivating land in Arizona
under a measure introduced in the
House of Representatives today. I
I PHOENIX. Ariz., Feb. 5 (/P)
Alien Japanese would virtually be
prohibited from occupying, acquir
ing or cultivating land in Arizona
under a measure introduced in the
House of Representatives today. I
I PHOENIX. Ariz., Feb. 5 (/P)
Alien Japanese would virtually be
prohibited from occupying, acquir
ing or cultivating land in Arizona
under a measure introduced in the
House of Representatives today. I
I PHOENIX. Ariz., Feb. 5 (/P)
Alien Japanese would virtually be
prohibited from occupying, acquir
ing or cultivating land in Arizona
under a measure introduced in the
House of Representatives today. I
I PHOENIX. Ariz., Feb. 5 (/P)
Alien Japanese would virtually be
prohibited from occupying, acquir
ing or cultivating land in Arizona
under a measure introduced in the
House of Representatives today. I
