# Austrian Travel Films Will Be Shown Tomorrow
## 
### 
Four reels of Austrian travel pic
tures will be shown in the Little
Theatre tomorrow evening at 7:">0
under the auspices of the Depart
ment of Germanic Languages.
General views of Austria will be
included in the first two reels. The
rest of the film will be devoted to
scenes of St. Anton and of winter
sports in Austria. Captions for the
films are both in English 'and
German.
Four reels of Austrian travel pic
tures will be shown in the Little
Theatre tomorrow evening at 7:">0
under the auspices of the Depart
ment of Germanic Languages.
General views of Austria will be
included in the first two reels. The
rest of the film will be devoted to
scenes of St. Anton and of winter
sports in Austria. Captions for the
films are both in English 'and
German.
Four reels of Austrian travel pic
tures will be shown in the Little
Theatre tomorrow evening at 7:">0
under the auspices of the Depart
ment of Germanic Languages.
General views of Austria will be
included in the first two reels. The
rest of the film will be devoted to
scenes of St. Anton and of winter
sports in Austria. Captions for the
films are both in English 'and
German.
Four reels of Austrian travel pic
tures will be shown in the Little
Theatre tomorrow evening at 7:">0
under the auspices of the Depart
ment of Germanic Languages.
General views of Austria will be
included in the first two reels. The
rest of the film will be devoted to
scenes of St. Anton and of winter
sports in Austria. Captions for the
films are both in English 'and
German.
Four reels of Austrian travel pic
tures will be shown in the Little
Theatre tomorrow evening at 7:">0
under the auspices of the Depart
ment of Germanic Languages.
General views of Austria will be
included in the first two reels. The
rest of the film will be devoted to
scenes of St. Anton and of winter
sports in Austria. Captions for the
films are both in English 'and
German.
Four reels of Austrian travel pic
tures will be shown in the Little
Theatre tomorrow evening at 7:">0
under the auspices of the Depart
ment of Germanic Languages.
General views of Austria will be
included in the first two reels. The
rest of the film will be devoted to
scenes of St. Anton and of winter
sports in Austria. Captions for the
films are both in English 'and
German.
Four reels of Austrian travel pic
tures will be shown in the Little
Theatre tomorrow evening at 7:">0
under the auspices of the Depart
ment of Germanic Languages.
General views of Austria will be
included in the first two reels. The
rest of the film will be devoted to
scenes of St. Anton and of winter
sports in Austria. Captions for the
films are both in English 'and
German.
Four reels of Austrian travel pic
tures will be shown in the Little
Theatre tomorrow evening at 7:">0
under the auspices of the Depart
ment of Germanic Languages.
General views of Austria will be
included in the first two reels. The
rest of the film will be devoted to
scenes of St. Anton and of winter
sports in Austria. Captions for the
films are both in English 'and
German.
Four reels of Austrian travel pic
tures will be shown in the Little
Theatre tomorrow evening at 7:">0
under the auspices of the Depart
ment of Germanic Languages.
General views of Austria will be
included in the first two reels. The
rest of the film will be devoted to
scenes of St. Anton and of winter
sports in Austria. Captions for the
films are both in English 'and
German.
Four reels of Austrian travel pic
tures will be shown in the Little
Theatre tomorrow evening at 7:">0
under the auspices of the Depart
ment of Germanic Languages.
General views of Austria will be
included in the first two reels. The
rest of the film will be devoted to
scenes of St. Anton and of winter
sports in Austria. Captions for the
films are both in English 'and
German.
Four reels of Austrian travel pic
tures will be shown in the Little
Theatre tomorrow evening at 7:">0
under the auspices of the Depart
ment of Germanic Languages.
General views of Austria will be
included in the first two reels. The
rest of the film will be devoted to
scenes of St. Anton and of winter
sports in Austria. Captions for the
films are both in English 'and
German.
Four reels of Austrian travel pic
tures will be shown in the Little
Theatre tomorrow evening at 7:">0
under the auspices of the Depart
ment of Germanic Languages.
General views of Austria will be
included in the first two reels. The
rest of the film will be devoted to
scenes of St. Anton and of winter
sports in Austria. Captions for the
films are both in English 'and
German.
Four reels of Austrian travel pic
tures will be shown in the Little
Theatre tomorrow evening at 7:">0
under the auspices of the Depart
ment of Germanic Languages.
General views of Austria will be
included in the first two reels. The
rest of the film will be devoted to
scenes of St. Anton and of winter
sports in Austria. Captions for the
films are both in English 'and
German.
Four reels of Austrian travel pic
tures will be shown in the Little
Theatre tomorrow evening at 7:">0
under the auspices of the Depart
ment of Germanic Languages.
General views of Austria will be
included in the first two reels. The
rest of the film will be devoted to
scenes of St. Anton and of winter
sports in Austria. Captions for the
films are both in English 'and
German.
Four reels of Austrian travel pic
tures will be shown in the Little
Theatre tomorrow evening at 7:">0
under the auspices of the Depart
ment of Germanic Languages.
General views of Austria will be
included in the first two reels. The
rest of the film will be devoted to
scenes of St. Anton and of winter
sports in Austria. Captions for the
films are both in English 'and
German.
