# CAMPUS ART GALLERY WILL SHOW WORKS OF FIVE INDIAN ARTISTS
## 
### 
Five Indian artists from the deserts
of New Mexico will demonstrate their
work in the Stanford Art Gallery for
three days beginning Sunday, April
15. A large collection of Indian pot
tery, weaving, and other objects will
continue on exhibition for the rest of
the month.
Three of these Indians are Navajos,
one of which will make a group of
colored sand-paintings, an art known
only among the Navajos. A Navajo
woman, who won the highest honors
for her rugs in a competition Inst
year, will weave on a primitive Indian
loom, and a chief who is known to be
the best Indian silversmith, wili make
Indian jewelry and silvert belts from
Mexican dollars.
This trip to Stanford will be the
first time the Indians have been this
far from home as they are conserva
tive and seldom exhibit their work
before the public. Pedro J. Lemos, di
rector of the Art Gallery, has been
able to secure their co-operation be
cause of his interest and assistance
in perpetuating their handicrafts.
Special permission has had to be
arranged for this demonstration in
sand painting coming Sunday is a
sacred ceremony very seldom done
before white men's eyes. The law
among Navajos decrees that no sand
painting shall last beyond sun-down.
