# Little Man on Campus
## 
### Dick Bibler 

"Les see—I go an 'Incomplete' in math, 'Withdrawn' in Eng
lish, 'Conditional' in Econ, and a 'D' in psych—Thank goodness
1 didn't flunk anything this quarter."

"Les see—I go an 'Incomplete' in math, 'Withdrawn' in Eng
lish, 'Conditional' in Econ, and a 'D' in psych—Thank goodness
1 didn't flunk anything this quarter."

"Les see—I go an 'Incomplete' in math, 'Withdrawn' in Eng
lish, 'Conditional' in Econ, and a 'D' in psych—Thank goodness
1 didn't flunk anything this quarter."

"Les see—I go an 'Incomplete' in math, 'Withdrawn' in Eng
lish, 'Conditional' in Econ, and a 'D' in psych—Thank goodness
1 didn't flunk anything this quarter."

"Les see—I go an 'Incomplete' in math, 'Withdrawn' in Eng
lish, 'Conditional' in Econ, and a 'D' in psych—Thank goodness
1 didn't flunk anything this quarter."

"Les see—I go an 'Incomplete' in math, 'Withdrawn' in Eng
lish, 'Conditional' in Econ, and a 'D' in psych—Thank goodness
1 didn't flunk anything this quarter."

"Les see—I go an 'Incomplete' in math, 'Withdrawn' in Eng
lish, 'Conditional' in Econ, and a 'D' in psych—Thank goodness
1 didn't flunk anything this quarter."

"Les see—I go an 'Incomplete' in math, 'Withdrawn' in Eng
lish, 'Conditional' in Econ, and a 'D' in psych—Thank goodness
1 didn't flunk anything this quarter."

"Les see—I go an 'Incomplete' in math, 'Withdrawn' in Eng
lish, 'Conditional' in Econ, and a 'D' in psych—Thank goodness
1 didn't flunk anything this quarter."

"Les see—I go an 'Incomplete' in math, 'Withdrawn' in Eng
lish, 'Conditional' in Econ, and a 'D' in psych—Thank goodness
1 didn't flunk anything this quarter."

"Les see—I go an 'Incomplete' in math, 'Withdrawn' in Eng
lish, 'Conditional' in Econ, and a 'D' in psych—Thank goodness
1 didn't flunk anything this quarter."

"Les see—I go an 'Incomplete' in math, 'Withdrawn' in Eng
lish, 'Conditional' in Econ, and a 'D' in psych—Thank goodness
1 didn't flunk anything this quarter."

"Les see—I go an 'Incomplete' in math, 'Withdrawn' in Eng
lish, 'Conditional' in Econ, and a 'D' in psych—Thank goodness
1 didn't flunk anything this quarter."

"Les see—I go an 'Incomplete' in math, 'Withdrawn' in Eng
lish, 'Conditional' in Econ, and a 'D' in psych—Thank goodness
1 didn't flunk anything this quarter."

"Les see—I go an 'Incomplete' in math, 'Withdrawn' in Eng
lish, 'Conditional' in Econ, and a 'D' in psych—Thank goodness
1 didn't flunk anything this quarter."
