# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—IT. D. Walker, Jr., '09, lias an ill
ustrated Sunday supplement article,
entitled "Red, Red Fun of Stanford,"
in the magazine section of yesterday's
issue of tlie San Francisco "Call,"
which deals with various college cus
toms of Stanford.
—IT. D. Walker, Jr., '09, lias an ill
ustrated Sunday supplement article,
entitled "Red, Red Fun of Stanford,"
in the magazine section of yesterday's
issue of tlie San Francisco "Call,"
which deals with various college cus
toms of Stanford.
—IT. D. Walker, Jr., '09, lias an ill
ustrated Sunday supplement article,
entitled "Red, Red Fun of Stanford,"
in the magazine section of yesterday's
issue of tlie San Francisco "Call,"
which deals with various college cus
toms of Stanford.
—IT. D. Walker, Jr., '09, lias an ill
ustrated Sunday supplement article,
entitled "Red, Red Fun of Stanford,"
in the magazine section of yesterday's
issue of tlie San Francisco "Call,"
which deals with various college cus
toms of Stanford.
—IT. D. Walker, Jr., '09, lias an ill
ustrated Sunday supplement article,
entitled "Red, Red Fun of Stanford,"
in the magazine section of yesterday's
issue of tlie San Francisco "Call,"
which deals with various college cus
toms of Stanford.
—IT. D. Walker, Jr., '09, lias an ill
ustrated Sunday supplement article,
entitled "Red, Red Fun of Stanford,"
in the magazine section of yesterday's
issue of tlie San Francisco "Call,"
which deals with various college cus
toms of Stanford.
—IT. D. Walker, Jr., '09, lias an ill
ustrated Sunday supplement article,
entitled "Red, Red Fun of Stanford,"
in the magazine section of yesterday's
issue of tlie San Francisco "Call,"
which deals with various college cus
toms of Stanford.
—IT. D. Walker, Jr., '09, lias an ill
ustrated Sunday supplement article,
entitled "Red, Red Fun of Stanford,"
in the magazine section of yesterday's
issue of tlie San Francisco "Call,"
which deals with various college cus
toms of Stanford.
—IT. D. Walker, Jr., '09, lias an ill
ustrated Sunday supplement article,
entitled "Red, Red Fun of Stanford,"
in the magazine section of yesterday's
issue of tlie San Francisco "Call,"
which deals with various college cus
toms of Stanford.
