# Adv. 11 Page 4
## 
### 
Do
You
Eat —
SERVICE?
STYLE?
OR
Do You Insist on
MOREYS REAL FOOD?
AH-H!
That's it . . . real
meals at Moreys,
with Service and
the Trimmings, but
mainly—
GOOD EATS!
at
MOREYS COFFEE
SHOP
Aching Voids
Painlessly Filled
from
6:30 A.M. to MIDNIGHT
Do
You
Eat —
SERVICE?
STYLE?
OR
Do You Insist on
MOREYS REAL FOOD?
AH-H!
That's it . . . real
meals at Moreys,
with Service and
the Trimmings, but
mainly—
GOOD EATS!
at
MOREYS COFFEE
SHOP
Aching Voids
Painlessly Filled
from
6:30 A.M. to MIDNIGHT
Do
You
Eat —
SERVICE?
STYLE?
OR
Do You Insist on
MOREYS REAL FOOD?
AH-H!
That's it . . . real
meals at Moreys,
with Service and
the Trimmings, but
mainly—
GOOD EATS!
at
MOREYS COFFEE
SHOP
Aching Voids
Painlessly Filled
from
6:30 A.M. to MIDNIGHT
Do
You
Eat —
SERVICE?
STYLE?
OR
Do You Insist on
MOREYS REAL FOOD?
AH-H!
That's it . . . real
meals at Moreys,
with Service and
the Trimmings, but
mainly—
GOOD EATS!
at
MOREYS COFFEE
SHOP
Aching Voids
Painlessly Filled
from
6:30 A.M. to MIDNIGHT
Do
You
Eat —
SERVICE?
STYLE?
OR
Do You Insist on
MOREYS REAL FOOD?
AH-H!
That's it . . . real
meals at Moreys,
with Service and
the Trimmings, but
mainly—
GOOD EATS!
at
MOREYS COFFEE
SHOP
Aching Voids
Painlessly Filled
from
6:30 A.M. to MIDNIGHT
Do
You
Eat —
SERVICE?
STYLE?
OR
Do You Insist on
MOREYS REAL FOOD?
AH-H!
That's it . . . real
meals at Moreys,
with Service and
the Trimmings, but
mainly—
GOOD EATS!
at
MOREYS COFFEE
SHOP
Aching Voids
Painlessly Filled
from
6:30 A.M. to MIDNIGHT
Do
You
Eat —
SERVICE?
STYLE?
OR
Do You Insist on
MOREYS REAL FOOD?
AH-H!
That's it . . . real
meals at Moreys,
with Service and
the Trimmings, but
mainly—
GOOD EATS!
at
MOREYS COFFEE
SHOP
Aching Voids
Painlessly Filled
from
6:30 A.M. to MIDNIGHT
Do
You
Eat —
SERVICE?
STYLE?
OR
Do You Insist on
MOREYS REAL FOOD?
AH-H!
That's it . . . real
meals at Moreys,
with Service and
the Trimmings, but
mainly—
GOOD EATS!
at
MOREYS COFFEE
SHOP
Aching Voids
Painlessly Filled
from
6:30 A.M. to MIDNIGHT
Do
You
Eat —
SERVICE?
STYLE?
OR
Do You Insist on
MOREYS REAL FOOD?
AH-H!
That's it . . . real
meals at Moreys,
with Service and
the Trimmings, but
mainly—
GOOD EATS!
at
MOREYS COFFEE
SHOP
Aching Voids
Painlessly Filled
from
6:30 A.M. to MIDNIGHT
Do
You
Eat —
SERVICE?
STYLE?
OR
Do You Insist on
MOREYS REAL FOOD?
AH-H!
That's it . . . real
meals at Moreys,
with Service and
the Trimmings, but
mainly—
GOOD EATS!
at
MOREYS COFFEE
SHOP
Aching Voids
Painlessly Filled
from
6:30 A.M. to MIDNIGHT
Do
You
Eat —
SERVICE?
STYLE?
OR
Do You Insist on
MOREYS REAL FOOD?
AH-H!
That's it . . . real
meals at Moreys,
with Service and
the Trimmings, but
mainly—
GOOD EATS!
at
MOREYS COFFEE
SHOP
Aching Voids
Painlessly Filled
from
6:30 A.M. to MIDNIGHT
Do
You
Eat —
SERVICE?
STYLE?
OR
Do You Insist on
MOREYS REAL FOOD?
AH-H!
That's it . . . real
meals at Moreys,
with Service and
the Trimmings, but
mainly—
GOOD EATS!
at
MOREYS COFFEE
SHOP
Aching Voids
Painlessly Filled
from
6:30 A.M. to MIDNIGHT
Do
You
Eat —
SERVICE?
STYLE?
OR
Do You Insist on
MOREYS REAL FOOD?
AH-H!
That's it . . . real
meals at Moreys,
with Service and
the Trimmings, but
mainly—
GOOD EATS!
at
MOREYS COFFEE
SHOP
Aching Voids
Painlessly Filled
from
6:30 A.M. to MIDNIGHT
Do
You
Eat —
SERVICE?
STYLE?
OR
Do You Insist on
MOREYS REAL FOOD?
AH-H!
That's it . . . real
meals at Moreys,
with Service and
the Trimmings, but
mainly—
GOOD EATS!
at
MOREYS COFFEE
SHOP
Aching Voids
Painlessly Filled
from
6:30 A.M. to MIDNIGHT
Do
You
Eat —
SERVICE?
STYLE?
OR
Do You Insist on
MOREYS REAL FOOD?
AH-H!
That's it . . . real
meals at Moreys,
with Service and
the Trimmings, but
mainly—
GOOD EATS!
at
MOREYS COFFEE
SHOP
Aching Voids
Painlessly Filled
from
6:30 A.M. to MIDNIGHT
Do
You
Eat —
SERVICE?
STYLE?
OR
Do You Insist on
MOREYS REAL FOOD?
AH-H!
That's it . . . real
meals at Moreys,
with Service and
the Trimmings, but
mainly—
GOOD EATS!
at
MOREYS COFFEE
SHOP
Aching Voids
Painlessly Filled
from
6:30 A.M. to MIDNIGHT
