# Adv. 18 Page 4
## 
### 
Tuesday-Wednesday,
May 12-13
CORINNE GRIFFITH
with Lloyd Hughes in
"DECLASSE"
More beautifully gowned,
more radiantly beautiful
than ever before in
this great drama
of the height
and depths
of society.
FELIX
Brings Home the Bacon
KINOGRAMS
ATT E N D
ttlC mat ' neeB
Tuesday-Wednesday,
May 12-13
CORINNE GRIFFITH
with Lloyd Hughes in
"DECLASSE"
More beautifully gowned,
more radiantly beautiful
than ever before in
this great drama
of the height
and depths
of society.
FELIX
Brings Home the Bacon
KINOGRAMS
ATT E N D
ttlC mat ' neeB
Tuesday-Wednesday,
May 12-13
CORINNE GRIFFITH
with Lloyd Hughes in
"DECLASSE"
More beautifully gowned,
more radiantly beautiful
than ever before in
this great drama
of the height
and depths
of society.
FELIX
Brings Home the Bacon
KINOGRAMS
ATT E N D
ttlC mat ' neeB
Tuesday-Wednesday,
May 12-13
CORINNE GRIFFITH
with Lloyd Hughes in
"DECLASSE"
More beautifully gowned,
more radiantly beautiful
than ever before in
this great drama
of the height
and depths
of society.
FELIX
Brings Home the Bacon
KINOGRAMS
ATT E N D
ttlC mat ' neeB
Tuesday-Wednesday,
May 12-13
CORINNE GRIFFITH
with Lloyd Hughes in
"DECLASSE"
More beautifully gowned,
more radiantly beautiful
than ever before in
this great drama
of the height
and depths
of society.
FELIX
Brings Home the Bacon
KINOGRAMS
ATT E N D
ttlC mat ' neeB
Tuesday-Wednesday,
May 12-13
CORINNE GRIFFITH
with Lloyd Hughes in
"DECLASSE"
More beautifully gowned,
more radiantly beautiful
than ever before in
this great drama
of the height
and depths
of society.
FELIX
Brings Home the Bacon
KINOGRAMS
ATT E N D
ttlC mat ' neeB
Tuesday-Wednesday,
May 12-13
CORINNE GRIFFITH
with Lloyd Hughes in
"DECLASSE"
More beautifully gowned,
more radiantly beautiful
than ever before in
this great drama
of the height
and depths
of society.
FELIX
Brings Home the Bacon
KINOGRAMS
ATT E N D
ttlC mat ' neeB
Tuesday-Wednesday,
May 12-13
CORINNE GRIFFITH
with Lloyd Hughes in
"DECLASSE"
More beautifully gowned,
more radiantly beautiful
than ever before in
this great drama
of the height
and depths
of society.
FELIX
Brings Home the Bacon
KINOGRAMS
ATT E N D
ttlC mat ' neeB
Tuesday-Wednesday,
May 12-13
CORINNE GRIFFITH
with Lloyd Hughes in
"DECLASSE"
More beautifully gowned,
more radiantly beautiful
than ever before in
this great drama
of the height
and depths
of society.
FELIX
Brings Home the Bacon
KINOGRAMS
ATT E N D
ttlC mat ' neeB
Tuesday-Wednesday,
May 12-13
CORINNE GRIFFITH
with Lloyd Hughes in
"DECLASSE"
More beautifully gowned,
more radiantly beautiful
than ever before in
this great drama
of the height
and depths
of society.
FELIX
Brings Home the Bacon
KINOGRAMS
ATT E N D
ttlC mat ' neeB
Tuesday-Wednesday,
May 12-13
CORINNE GRIFFITH
with Lloyd Hughes in
"DECLASSE"
More beautifully gowned,
more radiantly beautiful
than ever before in
this great drama
of the height
and depths
of society.
FELIX
Brings Home the Bacon
KINOGRAMS
ATT E N D
ttlC mat ' neeB
Tuesday-Wednesday,
May 12-13
CORINNE GRIFFITH
with Lloyd Hughes in
"DECLASSE"
More beautifully gowned,
more radiantly beautiful
than ever before in
this great drama
of the height
and depths
of society.
FELIX
Brings Home the Bacon
KINOGRAMS
ATT E N D
ttlC mat ' neeB
Tuesday-Wednesday,
May 12-13
CORINNE GRIFFITH
with Lloyd Hughes in
"DECLASSE"
More beautifully gowned,
more radiantly beautiful
than ever before in
this great drama
of the height
and depths
of society.
FELIX
Brings Home the Bacon
KINOGRAMS
ATT E N D
ttlC mat ' neeB
Tuesday-Wednesday,
May 12-13
CORINNE GRIFFITH
with Lloyd Hughes in
"DECLASSE"
More beautifully gowned,
more radiantly beautiful
than ever before in
this great drama
of the height
and depths
of society.
FELIX
Brings Home the Bacon
KINOGRAMS
ATT E N D
ttlC mat ' neeB
Tuesday-Wednesday,
May 12-13
CORINNE GRIFFITH
with Lloyd Hughes in
"DECLASSE"
More beautifully gowned,
more radiantly beautiful
than ever before in
this great drama
of the height
and depths
of society.
FELIX
Brings Home the Bacon
KINOGRAMS
ATT E N D
ttlC mat ' neeB
