# Executive Committee Will Hear Awards Plan Tonight
## 
### 
Results of last night's meeting of the |
spegal committee appointed for the ath
letic awards suggested reform will he
discussed at the regular meeting of the
Executive Committee tonight. At the 1
meeting last night of the special com
mittee hearings from the various coaches
were considered and a few changes made |
in the original plan. The meeting was !
not open to any but the members.
If the plan passes the Executive Com-!
mittec tonight it will prohahly be bal
loted upon at the regular spring elec
tions on May 26.
Results of last night's meeting of the |
spegal committee appointed for the ath
letic awards suggested reform will he
discussed at the regular meeting of the
Executive Committee tonight. At the 1
meeting last night of the special com
mittee hearings from the various coaches
were considered and a few changes made |
in the original plan. The meeting was !
not open to any but the members.
If the plan passes the Executive Com-!
mittec tonight it will prohahly be bal
loted upon at the regular spring elec
tions on May 26.
Results of last night's meeting of the |
spegal committee appointed for the ath
letic awards suggested reform will he
discussed at the regular meeting of the
Executive Committee tonight. At the 1
meeting last night of the special com
mittee hearings from the various coaches
were considered and a few changes made |
in the original plan. The meeting was !
not open to any but the members.
If the plan passes the Executive Com-!
mittec tonight it will prohahly be bal
loted upon at the regular spring elec
tions on May 26.
Results of last night's meeting of the |
spegal committee appointed for the ath
letic awards suggested reform will he
discussed at the regular meeting of the
Executive Committee tonight. At the 1
meeting last night of the special com
mittee hearings from the various coaches
were considered and a few changes made |
in the original plan. The meeting was !
not open to any but the members.
If the plan passes the Executive Com-!
mittec tonight it will prohahly be bal
loted upon at the regular spring elec
tions on May 26.
Results of last night's meeting of the |
spegal committee appointed for the ath
letic awards suggested reform will he
discussed at the regular meeting of the
Executive Committee tonight. At the 1
meeting last night of the special com
mittee hearings from the various coaches
were considered and a few changes made |
in the original plan. The meeting was !
not open to any but the members.
If the plan passes the Executive Com-!
mittec tonight it will prohahly be bal
loted upon at the regular spring elec
tions on May 26.
Results of last night's meeting of the |
spegal committee appointed for the ath
letic awards suggested reform will he
discussed at the regular meeting of the
Executive Committee tonight. At the 1
meeting last night of the special com
mittee hearings from the various coaches
were considered and a few changes made |
in the original plan. The meeting was !
not open to any but the members.
If the plan passes the Executive Com-!
mittec tonight it will prohahly be bal
loted upon at the regular spring elec
tions on May 26.
Results of last night's meeting of the |
spegal committee appointed for the ath
letic awards suggested reform will he
discussed at the regular meeting of the
Executive Committee tonight. At the 1
meeting last night of the special com
mittee hearings from the various coaches
were considered and a few changes made |
in the original plan. The meeting was !
not open to any but the members.
If the plan passes the Executive Com-!
mittec tonight it will prohahly be bal
loted upon at the regular spring elec
tions on May 26.
Results of last night's meeting of the |
spegal committee appointed for the ath
letic awards suggested reform will he
discussed at the regular meeting of the
Executive Committee tonight. At the 1
meeting last night of the special com
mittee hearings from the various coaches
were considered and a few changes made |
in the original plan. The meeting was !
not open to any but the members.
If the plan passes the Executive Com-!
mittec tonight it will prohahly be bal
loted upon at the regular spring elec
tions on May 26.
Results of last night's meeting of the |
spegal committee appointed for the ath
letic awards suggested reform will he
discussed at the regular meeting of the
Executive Committee tonight. At the 1
meeting last night of the special com
mittee hearings from the various coaches
were considered and a few changes made |
in the original plan. The meeting was !
not open to any but the members.
If the plan passes the Executive Com-!
mittec tonight it will prohahly be bal
loted upon at the regular spring elec
tions on May 26.
Results of last night's meeting of the |
spegal committee appointed for the ath
letic awards suggested reform will he
discussed at the regular meeting of the
Executive Committee tonight. At the 1
meeting last night of the special com
mittee hearings from the various coaches
were considered and a few changes made |
in the original plan. The meeting was !
not open to any but the members.
If the plan passes the Executive Com-!
mittec tonight it will prohahly be bal
loted upon at the regular spring elec
tions on May 26.
Results of last night's meeting of the |
spegal committee appointed for the ath
letic awards suggested reform will he
discussed at the regular meeting of the
Executive Committee tonight. At the 1
meeting last night of the special com
mittee hearings from the various coaches
were considered and a few changes made |
in the original plan. The meeting was !
not open to any but the members.
If the plan passes the Executive Com-!
mittec tonight it will prohahly be bal
loted upon at the regular spring elec
tions on May 26.
Results of last night's meeting of the |
spegal committee appointed for the ath
letic awards suggested reform will he
discussed at the regular meeting of the
Executive Committee tonight. At the 1
meeting last night of the special com
mittee hearings from the various coaches
were considered and a few changes made |
in the original plan. The meeting was !
not open to any but the members.
If the plan passes the Executive Com-!
mittec tonight it will prohahly be bal
loted upon at the regular spring elec
tions on May 26.
Results of last night's meeting of the |
spegal committee appointed for the ath
letic awards suggested reform will he
discussed at the regular meeting of the
Executive Committee tonight. At the 1
meeting last night of the special com
mittee hearings from the various coaches
were considered and a few changes made |
in the original plan. The meeting was !
not open to any but the members.
If the plan passes the Executive Com-!
mittec tonight it will prohahly be bal
loted upon at the regular spring elec
tions on May 26.
Results of last night's meeting of the |
spegal committee appointed for the ath
letic awards suggested reform will he
discussed at the regular meeting of the
Executive Committee tonight. At the 1
meeting last night of the special com
mittee hearings from the various coaches
were considered and a few changes made |
in the original plan. The meeting was !
not open to any but the members.
If the plan passes the Executive Com-!
mittec tonight it will prohahly be bal
loted upon at the regular spring elec
tions on May 26.
Results of last night's meeting of the |
spegal committee appointed for the ath
letic awards suggested reform will he
discussed at the regular meeting of the
Executive Committee tonight. At the 1
meeting last night of the special com
mittee hearings from the various coaches
were considered and a few changes made |
in the original plan. The meeting was !
not open to any but the members.
If the plan passes the Executive Com-!
mittec tonight it will prohahly be bal
loted upon at the regular spring elec
tions on May 26.
