# E. H. Templin Appointed Instructor of Spanish
## 
### 
E. H. Templin has been appointed in
structor in the Spanish department for
the coming year. He will teach sccond
and third-year Spanish conversation and
composition, taking over some of the
classes of Professor Alfred Coester, who
will he on leave.
E. H. Templin has been appointed in
structor in the Spanish department for
the coming year. He will teach sccond
and third-year Spanish conversation and
composition, taking over some of the
classes of Professor Alfred Coester, who
will he on leave.
E. H. Templin has been appointed in
structor in the Spanish department for
the coming year. He will teach sccond
and third-year Spanish conversation and
composition, taking over some of the
classes of Professor Alfred Coester, who
will he on leave.
E. H. Templin has been appointed in
structor in the Spanish department for
the coming year. He will teach sccond
and third-year Spanish conversation and
composition, taking over some of the
classes of Professor Alfred Coester, who
will he on leave.
E. H. Templin has been appointed in
structor in the Spanish department for
the coming year. He will teach sccond
and third-year Spanish conversation and
composition, taking over some of the
classes of Professor Alfred Coester, who
will he on leave.
E. H. Templin has been appointed in
structor in the Spanish department for
the coming year. He will teach sccond
and third-year Spanish conversation and
composition, taking over some of the
classes of Professor Alfred Coester, who
will he on leave.
E. H. Templin has been appointed in
structor in the Spanish department for
the coming year. He will teach sccond
and third-year Spanish conversation and
composition, taking over some of the
classes of Professor Alfred Coester, who
will he on leave.
E. H. Templin has been appointed in
structor in the Spanish department for
the coming year. He will teach sccond
and third-year Spanish conversation and
composition, taking over some of the
classes of Professor Alfred Coester, who
will he on leave.
E. H. Templin has been appointed in
structor in the Spanish department for
the coming year. He will teach sccond
and third-year Spanish conversation and
composition, taking over some of the
classes of Professor Alfred Coester, who
will he on leave.
E. H. Templin has been appointed in
structor in the Spanish department for
the coming year. He will teach sccond
and third-year Spanish conversation and
composition, taking over some of the
classes of Professor Alfred Coester, who
will he on leave.
E. H. Templin has been appointed in
structor in the Spanish department for
the coming year. He will teach sccond
and third-year Spanish conversation and
composition, taking over some of the
classes of Professor Alfred Coester, who
will he on leave.
E. H. Templin has been appointed in
structor in the Spanish department for
the coming year. He will teach sccond
and third-year Spanish conversation and
composition, taking over some of the
classes of Professor Alfred Coester, who
will he on leave.
E. H. Templin has been appointed in
structor in the Spanish department for
the coming year. He will teach sccond
and third-year Spanish conversation and
composition, taking over some of the
classes of Professor Alfred Coester, who
will he on leave.
E. H. Templin has been appointed in
structor in the Spanish department for
the coming year. He will teach sccond
and third-year Spanish conversation and
composition, taking over some of the
classes of Professor Alfred Coester, who
will he on leave.
E. H. Templin has been appointed in
structor in the Spanish department for
the coming year. He will teach sccond
and third-year Spanish conversation and
composition, taking over some of the
classes of Professor Alfred Coester, who
will he on leave.
