# IFC Nominations Are Announced
## 
### 
Nominations for IFC officers
continued last night as the Row
prepared to elect a new president
and vice-president-secretary next
Monday nip: lit.
New nominees for president
were John Harrington. Delta Up
silon; Bob Harrison, Delta Tan
Delta and Malcolm MacNaughton,
Beta Theta Pi.
IFC president Cap Ingham
urged I hat all house presidents
attend Monday's eleteion meeting
at Sigma Nu. Ingham also re
minded that nominations may he
made any time before the elec
tion by contacting him at Sigma
Chi. The new officers will take
office in the fall.
The new officers will become
acquainted with the duties of
their respective offices during
spring <iitnr!er and will lake of
fice in the fall of LUGO.
Nominations for IFC officers
continued last night as the Row
prepared to elect a new president
and vice-president-secretary next
Monday nip: lit.
New nominees for president
were John Harrington. Delta Up
silon; Bob Harrison, Delta Tan
Delta and Malcolm MacNaughton,
Beta Theta Pi.
IFC president Cap Ingham
urged I hat all house presidents
attend Monday's eleteion meeting
at Sigma Nu. Ingham also re
minded that nominations may he
made any time before the elec
tion by contacting him at Sigma
Chi. The new officers will take
office in the fall.
The new officers will become
acquainted with the duties of
their respective offices during
spring <iitnr!er and will lake of
fice in the fall of LUGO.
Nominations for IFC officers
continued last night as the Row
prepared to elect a new president
and vice-president-secretary next
Monday nip: lit.
New nominees for president
were John Harrington. Delta Up
silon; Bob Harrison, Delta Tan
Delta and Malcolm MacNaughton,
Beta Theta Pi.
IFC president Cap Ingham
urged I hat all house presidents
attend Monday's eleteion meeting
at Sigma Nu. Ingham also re
minded that nominations may he
made any time before the elec
tion by contacting him at Sigma
Chi. The new officers will take
office in the fall.
The new officers will become
acquainted with the duties of
their respective offices during
spring <iitnr!er and will lake of
fice in the fall of LUGO.
Nominations for IFC officers
continued last night as the Row
prepared to elect a new president
and vice-president-secretary next
Monday nip: lit.
New nominees for president
were John Harrington. Delta Up
silon; Bob Harrison, Delta Tan
Delta and Malcolm MacNaughton,
Beta Theta Pi.
IFC president Cap Ingham
urged I hat all house presidents
attend Monday's eleteion meeting
at Sigma Nu. Ingham also re
minded that nominations may he
made any time before the elec
tion by contacting him at Sigma
Chi. The new officers will take
office in the fall.
The new officers will become
acquainted with the duties of
their respective offices during
spring <iitnr!er and will lake of
fice in the fall of LUGO.
Nominations for IFC officers
continued last night as the Row
prepared to elect a new president
and vice-president-secretary next
Monday nip: lit.
New nominees for president
were John Harrington. Delta Up
silon; Bob Harrison, Delta Tan
Delta and Malcolm MacNaughton,
Beta Theta Pi.
IFC president Cap Ingham
urged I hat all house presidents
attend Monday's eleteion meeting
at Sigma Nu. Ingham also re
minded that nominations may he
made any time before the elec
tion by contacting him at Sigma
Chi. The new officers will take
office in the fall.
The new officers will become
acquainted with the duties of
their respective offices during
spring <iitnr!er and will lake of
fice in the fall of LUGO.
Nominations for IFC officers
continued last night as the Row
prepared to elect a new president
and vice-president-secretary next
Monday nip: lit.
New nominees for president
were John Harrington. Delta Up
silon; Bob Harrison, Delta Tan
Delta and Malcolm MacNaughton,
Beta Theta Pi.
IFC president Cap Ingham
urged I hat all house presidents
attend Monday's eleteion meeting
at Sigma Nu. Ingham also re
minded that nominations may he
made any time before the elec
tion by contacting him at Sigma
Chi. The new officers will take
office in the fall.
The new officers will become
acquainted with the duties of
their respective offices during
spring <iitnr!er and will lake of
fice in the fall of LUGO.
Nominations for IFC officers
continued last night as the Row
prepared to elect a new president
and vice-president-secretary next
Monday nip: lit.
New nominees for president
were John Harrington. Delta Up
silon; Bob Harrison, Delta Tan
Delta and Malcolm MacNaughton,
Beta Theta Pi.
IFC president Cap Ingham
urged I hat all house presidents
attend Monday's eleteion meeting
at Sigma Nu. Ingham also re
minded that nominations may he
made any time before the elec
tion by contacting him at Sigma
Chi. The new officers will take
office in the fall.
The new officers will become
acquainted with the duties of
their respective offices during
spring <iitnr!er and will lake of
fice in the fall of LUGO.
Nominations for IFC officers
continued last night as the Row
prepared to elect a new president
and vice-president-secretary next
Monday nip: lit.
New nominees for president
were John Harrington. Delta Up
silon; Bob Harrison, Delta Tan
Delta and Malcolm MacNaughton,
Beta Theta Pi.
IFC president Cap Ingham
urged I hat all house presidents
attend Monday's eleteion meeting
at Sigma Nu. Ingham also re
minded that nominations may he
made any time before the elec
tion by contacting him at Sigma
Chi. The new officers will take
office in the fall.
The new officers will become
acquainted with the duties of
their respective offices during
spring <iitnr!er and will lake of
fice in the fall of LUGO.
Nominations for IFC officers
continued last night as the Row
prepared to elect a new president
and vice-president-secretary next
Monday nip: lit.
New nominees for president
were John Harrington. Delta Up
silon; Bob Harrison, Delta Tan
Delta and Malcolm MacNaughton,
Beta Theta Pi.
IFC president Cap Ingham
urged I hat all house presidents
attend Monday's eleteion meeting
at Sigma Nu. Ingham also re
minded that nominations may he
made any time before the elec
tion by contacting him at Sigma
Chi. The new officers will take
office in the fall.
The new officers will become
acquainted with the duties of
their respective offices during
spring <iitnr!er and will lake of
fice in the fall of LUGO.
Nominations for IFC officers
continued last night as the Row
prepared to elect a new president
and vice-president-secretary next
Monday nip: lit.
New nominees for president
were John Harrington. Delta Up
silon; Bob Harrison, Delta Tan
Delta and Malcolm MacNaughton,
Beta Theta Pi.
IFC president Cap Ingham
urged I hat all house presidents
attend Monday's eleteion meeting
at Sigma Nu. Ingham also re
minded that nominations may he
made any time before the elec
tion by contacting him at Sigma
Chi. The new officers will take
office in the fall.
The new officers will become
acquainted with the duties of
their respective offices during
spring <iitnr!er and will lake of
fice in the fall of LUGO.
Nominations for IFC officers
continued last night as the Row
prepared to elect a new president
and vice-president-secretary next
Monday nip: lit.
New nominees for president
were John Harrington. Delta Up
silon; Bob Harrison, Delta Tan
Delta and Malcolm MacNaughton,
Beta Theta Pi.
IFC president Cap Ingham
urged I hat all house presidents
attend Monday's eleteion meeting
at Sigma Nu. Ingham also re
minded that nominations may he
made any time before the elec
tion by contacting him at Sigma
Chi. The new officers will take
office in the fall.
The new officers will become
acquainted with the duties of
their respective offices during
spring <iitnr!er and will lake of
fice in the fall of LUGO.
Nominations for IFC officers
continued last night as the Row
prepared to elect a new president
and vice-president-secretary next
Monday nip: lit.
New nominees for president
were John Harrington. Delta Up
silon; Bob Harrison, Delta Tan
Delta and Malcolm MacNaughton,
Beta Theta Pi.
IFC president Cap Ingham
urged I hat all house presidents
attend Monday's eleteion meeting
at Sigma Nu. Ingham also re
minded that nominations may he
made any time before the elec
tion by contacting him at Sigma
Chi. The new officers will take
office in the fall.
The new officers will become
acquainted with the duties of
their respective offices during
spring <iitnr!er and will lake of
fice in the fall of LUGO.
Nominations for IFC officers
continued last night as the Row
prepared to elect a new president
and vice-president-secretary next
Monday nip: lit.
New nominees for president
were John Harrington. Delta Up
silon; Bob Harrison, Delta Tan
Delta and Malcolm MacNaughton,
Beta Theta Pi.
IFC president Cap Ingham
urged I hat all house presidents
attend Monday's eleteion meeting
at Sigma Nu. Ingham also re
minded that nominations may he
made any time before the elec
tion by contacting him at Sigma
Chi. The new officers will take
office in the fall.
The new officers will become
acquainted with the duties of
their respective offices during
spring <iitnr!er and will lake of
fice in the fall of LUGO.
Nominations for IFC officers
continued last night as the Row
prepared to elect a new president
and vice-president-secretary next
Monday nip: lit.
New nominees for president
were John Harrington. Delta Up
silon; Bob Harrison, Delta Tan
Delta and Malcolm MacNaughton,
Beta Theta Pi.
IFC president Cap Ingham
urged I hat all house presidents
attend Monday's eleteion meeting
at Sigma Nu. Ingham also re
minded that nominations may he
made any time before the elec
tion by contacting him at Sigma
Chi. The new officers will take
office in the fall.
The new officers will become
acquainted with the duties of
their respective offices during
spring <iitnr!er and will lake of
fice in the fall of LUGO.
Nominations for IFC officers
continued last night as the Row
prepared to elect a new president
and vice-president-secretary next
Monday nip: lit.
New nominees for president
were John Harrington. Delta Up
silon; Bob Harrison, Delta Tan
Delta and Malcolm MacNaughton,
Beta Theta Pi.
IFC president Cap Ingham
urged I hat all house presidents
attend Monday's eleteion meeting
at Sigma Nu. Ingham also re
minded that nominations may he
made any time before the elec
tion by contacting him at Sigma
Chi. The new officers will take
office in the fall.
The new officers will become
acquainted with the duties of
their respective offices during
spring <iitnr!er and will lake of
fice in the fall of LUGO.
Nominations for IFC officers
continued last night as the Row
prepared to elect a new president
and vice-president-secretary next
Monday nip: lit.
New nominees for president
were John Harrington. Delta Up
silon; Bob Harrison, Delta Tan
Delta and Malcolm MacNaughton,
Beta Theta Pi.
IFC president Cap Ingham
urged I hat all house presidents
attend Monday's eleteion meeting
at Sigma Nu. Ingham also re
minded that nominations may he
made any time before the elec
tion by contacting him at Sigma
Chi. The new officers will take
office in the fall.
The new officers will become
acquainted with the duties of
their respective offices during
spring <iitnr!er and will lake of
fice in the fall of LUGO.
Nominations for IFC officers
continued last night as the Row
prepared to elect a new president
and vice-president-secretary next
Monday nip: lit.
New nominees for president
were John Harrington. Delta Up
silon; Bob Harrison, Delta Tan
Delta and Malcolm MacNaughton,
Beta Theta Pi.
IFC president Cap Ingham
urged I hat all house presidents
attend Monday's eleteion meeting
at Sigma Nu. Ingham also re
minded that nominations may he
made any time before the elec
tion by contacting him at Sigma
Chi. The new officers will take
office in the fall.
The new officers will become
acquainted with the duties of
their respective offices during
spring <iitnr!er and will lake of
fice in the fall of LUGO.
