# Little Theater Scene Of 'Dybbuk' Opening
## Mystic Play Deals With Evil Spirit 
### 
The curtain of the Little The
ater will rise on the Stanford
players' presentation of "The
Dybhuk" tonight at 8:30.
The play by Sholem Ansky tells
of a young girl's struggle to
escape the "dybbuk," or evil
spirit, of her bridegroom. The
possessed young girl, Leah, will
be played by Erica Speyer.
Philip Angelofl' will be her
groom, who is a student of tra
ditional Jewish mysticism. The
role of Rabbi A/.rael, who exor
cizes the spirit from Leah, will
be played by Si Abrahams.
.Mystic Messenger
The mystic messenger will be
played by Philip Ilalinger. Bar
bara Whippermati will be Leah's
nurse and Sidney Friedman will
be Leah's father.
Raoul Peizar, a graduate stu
dent in Speech and Drama, is di
rector of the play. He said he
chose the play because of the
"universal application" of the
theme. According to the program
notes, the theme is "the inner
psychological torment of a soul
obsessed and a soul possessed.
Others appearing in the play
are Lorraine Amirian, Robert
Williams, Lemyel Amirian. Rich
ard Kueny, Ronald Reinholt, Rob
ert Agrella, Leo Kanner, Charles
Harding and Tom Winston.
Choreographer
Lorle Kransler is choreographer
for "The Dybbuk." Beggars and
dancers for the play are Lorle
Kransler, Pauline Peotter, Bodie
Rasmussen, Betty Risser and Vee
Sales.
James Lyan is set designer, and
costume designer is Jeanne Rich
Schultz. Sheilah Dorcy is stage
manager. Lighting is done by-
Paul Landry.
Tonight is the beginning of a
two-week run for "The Dybbuk."
It will also be shown tomorrow,
Friday and Saturday and March
2-5.
Some tickets are still available
fyr tonight and tomorrow night.
Friday and Saturday perform
ances are sold out. March 2 of
next week is also sold out. There
are tickets still available for the
performances of March 3-5. They
may be bought from Memorial
Hail box office, DA 3-0665, on
weekday afternoons.


'DYBBUK' STARS ARGUE
Philip Angcloft and Ronald Reinholdt have mutual girl friend
The curtain of the Little The
ater will rise on the Stanford
players' presentation of "The
Dybhuk" tonight at 8:30.
The play by Sholem Ansky tells
of a young girl's struggle to
escape the "dybbuk," or evil
spirit, of her bridegroom. The
possessed young girl, Leah, will
be played by Erica Speyer.
Philip Angelofl' will be her
groom, who is a student of tra
ditional Jewish mysticism. The
role of Rabbi A/.rael, who exor
cizes the spirit from Leah, will
be played by Si Abrahams.
.Mystic Messenger
The mystic messenger will be
played by Philip Ilalinger. Bar
bara Whippermati will be Leah's
nurse and Sidney Friedman will
be Leah's father.
Raoul Peizar, a graduate stu
dent in Speech and Drama, is di
rector of the play. He said he
chose the play because of the
"universal application" of the
theme. According to the program
notes, the theme is "the inner
psychological torment of a soul
obsessed and a soul possessed.
Others appearing in the play
are Lorraine Amirian, Robert
Williams, Lemyel Amirian. Rich
ard Kueny, Ronald Reinholt, Rob
ert Agrella, Leo Kanner, Charles
Harding and Tom Winston.
Choreographer
Lorle Kransler is choreographer
for "The Dybbuk." Beggars and
dancers for the play are Lorle
Kransler, Pauline Peotter, Bodie
Rasmussen, Betty Risser and Vee
Sales.
James Lyan is set designer, and
costume designer is Jeanne Rich
Schultz. Sheilah Dorcy is stage
manager. Lighting is done by-
Paul Landry.
Tonight is the beginning of a
two-week run for "The Dybbuk."
It will also be shown tomorrow,
Friday and Saturday and March
2-5.
Some tickets are still available
fyr tonight and tomorrow night.
Friday and Saturday perform
ances are sold out. March 2 of
next week is also sold out. There
are tickets still available for the
performances of March 3-5. They
may be bought from Memorial
Hail box office, DA 3-0665, on
weekday afternoons.


'DYBBUK' STARS ARGUE
Philip Angcloft and Ronald Reinholdt have mutual girl friend
The curtain of the Little The
ater will rise on the Stanford
players' presentation of "The
Dybhuk" tonight at 8:30.
The play by Sholem Ansky tells
of a young girl's struggle to
escape the "dybbuk," or evil
spirit, of her bridegroom. The
possessed young girl, Leah, will
be played by Erica Speyer.
Philip Angelofl' will be her
groom, who is a student of tra
ditional Jewish mysticism. The
role of Rabbi A/.rael, who exor
cizes the spirit from Leah, will
be played by Si Abrahams.
.Mystic Messenger
The mystic messenger will be
played by Philip Ilalinger. Bar
bara Whippermati will be Leah's
nurse and Sidney Friedman will
be Leah's father.
Raoul Peizar, a graduate stu
dent in Speech and Drama, is di
rector of the play. He said he
chose the play because of the
"universal application" of the
theme. According to the program
notes, the theme is "the inner
psychological torment of a soul
obsessed and a soul possessed.
Others appearing in the play
are Lorraine Amirian, Robert
Williams, Lemyel Amirian. Rich
ard Kueny, Ronald Reinholt, Rob
ert Agrella, Leo Kanner, Charles
Harding and Tom Winston.
Choreographer
Lorle Kransler is choreographer
for "The Dybbuk." Beggars and
dancers for the play are Lorle
Kransler, Pauline Peotter, Bodie
Rasmussen, Betty Risser and Vee
Sales.
James Lyan is set designer, and
costume designer is Jeanne Rich
Schultz. Sheilah Dorcy is stage
manager. Lighting is done by-
Paul Landry.
Tonight is the beginning of a
two-week run for "The Dybbuk."
It will also be shown tomorrow,
Friday and Saturday and March
2-5.
Some tickets are still available
fyr tonight and tomorrow night.
Friday and Saturday perform
ances are sold out. March 2 of
next week is also sold out. There
are tickets still available for the
performances of March 3-5. They
may be bought from Memorial
Hail box office, DA 3-0665, on
weekday afternoons.


'DYBBUK' STARS ARGUE
Philip Angcloft and Ronald Reinholdt have mutual girl friend
The curtain of the Little The
ater will rise on the Stanford
players' presentation of "The
Dybhuk" tonight at 8:30.
The play by Sholem Ansky tells
of a young girl's struggle to
escape the "dybbuk," or evil
spirit, of her bridegroom. The
possessed young girl, Leah, will
be played by Erica Speyer.
Philip Angelofl' will be her
groom, who is a student of tra
ditional Jewish mysticism. The
role of Rabbi A/.rael, who exor
cizes the spirit from Leah, will
be played by Si Abrahams.
.Mystic Messenger
The mystic messenger will be
played by Philip Ilalinger. Bar
bara Whippermati will be Leah's
nurse and Sidney Friedman will
be Leah's father.
Raoul Peizar, a graduate stu
dent in Speech and Drama, is di
rector of the play. He said he
chose the play because of the
"universal application" of the
theme. According to the program
notes, the theme is "the inner
psychological torment of a soul
obsessed and a soul possessed.
Others appearing in the play
are Lorraine Amirian, Robert
Williams, Lemyel Amirian. Rich
ard Kueny, Ronald Reinholt, Rob
ert Agrella, Leo Kanner, Charles
Harding and Tom Winston.
Choreographer
Lorle Kransler is choreographer
for "The Dybbuk." Beggars and
dancers for the play are Lorle
Kransler, Pauline Peotter, Bodie
Rasmussen, Betty Risser and Vee
Sales.
James Lyan is set designer, and
costume designer is Jeanne Rich
Schultz. Sheilah Dorcy is stage
manager. Lighting is done by-
Paul Landry.
Tonight is the beginning of a
two-week run for "The Dybbuk."
It will also be shown tomorrow,
Friday and Saturday and March
2-5.
Some tickets are still available
fyr tonight and tomorrow night.
Friday and Saturday perform
ances are sold out. March 2 of
next week is also sold out. There
are tickets still available for the
performances of March 3-5. They
may be bought from Memorial
Hail box office, DA 3-0665, on
weekday afternoons.


'DYBBUK' STARS ARGUE
Philip Angcloft and Ronald Reinholdt have mutual girl friend
The curtain of the Little The
ater will rise on the Stanford
players' presentation of "The
Dybhuk" tonight at 8:30.
The play by Sholem Ansky tells
of a young girl's struggle to
escape the "dybbuk," or evil
spirit, of her bridegroom. The
possessed young girl, Leah, will
be played by Erica Speyer.
Philip Angelofl' will be her
groom, who is a student of tra
ditional Jewish mysticism. The
role of Rabbi A/.rael, who exor
cizes the spirit from Leah, will
be played by Si Abrahams.
.Mystic Messenger
The mystic messenger will be
played by Philip Ilalinger. Bar
bara Whippermati will be Leah's
nurse and Sidney Friedman will
be Leah's father.
Raoul Peizar, a graduate stu
dent in Speech and Drama, is di
rector of the play. He said he
chose the play because of the
"universal application" of the
theme. According to the program
notes, the theme is "the inner
psychological torment of a soul
obsessed and a soul possessed.
Others appearing in the play
are Lorraine Amirian, Robert
Williams, Lemyel Amirian. Rich
ard Kueny, Ronald Reinholt, Rob
ert Agrella, Leo Kanner, Charles
Harding and Tom Winston.
Choreographer
Lorle Kransler is choreographer
for "The Dybbuk." Beggars and
dancers for the play are Lorle
Kransler, Pauline Peotter, Bodie
Rasmussen, Betty Risser and Vee
Sales.
James Lyan is set designer, and
costume designer is Jeanne Rich
Schultz. Sheilah Dorcy is stage
manager. Lighting is done by-
Paul Landry.
Tonight is the beginning of a
two-week run for "The Dybbuk."
It will also be shown tomorrow,
Friday and Saturday and March
2-5.
Some tickets are still available
fyr tonight and tomorrow night.
Friday and Saturday perform
ances are sold out. March 2 of
next week is also sold out. There
are tickets still available for the
performances of March 3-5. They
may be bought from Memorial
Hail box office, DA 3-0665, on
weekday afternoons.


'DYBBUK' STARS ARGUE
Philip Angcloft and Ronald Reinholdt have mutual girl friend
The curtain of the Little The
ater will rise on the Stanford
players' presentation of "The
Dybhuk" tonight at 8:30.
The play by Sholem Ansky tells
of a young girl's struggle to
escape the "dybbuk," or evil
spirit, of her bridegroom. The
possessed young girl, Leah, will
be played by Erica Speyer.
Philip Angelofl' will be her
groom, who is a student of tra
ditional Jewish mysticism. The
role of Rabbi A/.rael, who exor
cizes the spirit from Leah, will
be played by Si Abrahams.
.Mystic Messenger
The mystic messenger will be
played by Philip Ilalinger. Bar
bara Whippermati will be Leah's
nurse and Sidney Friedman will
be Leah's father.
Raoul Peizar, a graduate stu
dent in Speech and Drama, is di
rector of the play. He said he
chose the play because of the
"universal application" of the
theme. According to the program
notes, the theme is "the inner
psychological torment of a soul
obsessed and a soul possessed.
Others appearing in the play
are Lorraine Amirian, Robert
Williams, Lemyel Amirian. Rich
ard Kueny, Ronald Reinholt, Rob
ert Agrella, Leo Kanner, Charles
Harding and Tom Winston.
Choreographer
Lorle Kransler is choreographer
for "The Dybbuk." Beggars and
dancers for the play are Lorle
Kransler, Pauline Peotter, Bodie
Rasmussen, Betty Risser and Vee
Sales.
James Lyan is set designer, and
costume designer is Jeanne Rich
Schultz. Sheilah Dorcy is stage
manager. Lighting is done by-
Paul Landry.
Tonight is the beginning of a
two-week run for "The Dybbuk."
It will also be shown tomorrow,
Friday and Saturday and March
2-5.
Some tickets are still available
fyr tonight and tomorrow night.
Friday and Saturday perform
ances are sold out. March 2 of
next week is also sold out. There
are tickets still available for the
performances of March 3-5. They
may be bought from Memorial
Hail box office, DA 3-0665, on
weekday afternoons.


'DYBBUK' STARS ARGUE
Philip Angcloft and Ronald Reinholdt have mutual girl friend
The curtain of the Little The
ater will rise on the Stanford
players' presentation of "The
Dybhuk" tonight at 8:30.
The play by Sholem Ansky tells
of a young girl's struggle to
escape the "dybbuk," or evil
spirit, of her bridegroom. The
possessed young girl, Leah, will
be played by Erica Speyer.
Philip Angelofl' will be her
groom, who is a student of tra
ditional Jewish mysticism. The
role of Rabbi A/.rael, who exor
cizes the spirit from Leah, will
be played by Si Abrahams.
.Mystic Messenger
The mystic messenger will be
played by Philip Ilalinger. Bar
bara Whippermati will be Leah's
nurse and Sidney Friedman will
be Leah's father.
Raoul Peizar, a graduate stu
dent in Speech and Drama, is di
rector of the play. He said he
chose the play because of the
"universal application" of the
theme. According to the program
notes, the theme is "the inner
psychological torment of a soul
obsessed and a soul possessed.
Others appearing in the play
are Lorraine Amirian, Robert
Williams, Lemyel Amirian. Rich
ard Kueny, Ronald Reinholt, Rob
ert Agrella, Leo Kanner, Charles
Harding and Tom Winston.
Choreographer
Lorle Kransler is choreographer
for "The Dybbuk." Beggars and
dancers for the play are Lorle
Kransler, Pauline Peotter, Bodie
Rasmussen, Betty Risser and Vee
Sales.
James Lyan is set designer, and
costume designer is Jeanne Rich
Schultz. Sheilah Dorcy is stage
manager. Lighting is done by-
Paul Landry.
Tonight is the beginning of a
two-week run for "The Dybbuk."
It will also be shown tomorrow,
Friday and Saturday and March
2-5.
Some tickets are still available
fyr tonight and tomorrow night.
Friday and Saturday perform
ances are sold out. March 2 of
next week is also sold out. There
are tickets still available for the
performances of March 3-5. They
may be bought from Memorial
Hail box office, DA 3-0665, on
weekday afternoons.


'DYBBUK' STARS ARGUE
Philip Angcloft and Ronald Reinholdt have mutual girl friend
The curtain of the Little The
ater will rise on the Stanford
players' presentation of "The
Dybhuk" tonight at 8:30.
The play by Sholem Ansky tells
of a young girl's struggle to
escape the "dybbuk," or evil
spirit, of her bridegroom. The
possessed young girl, Leah, will
be played by Erica Speyer.
Philip Angelofl' will be her
groom, who is a student of tra
ditional Jewish mysticism. The
role of Rabbi A/.rael, who exor
cizes the spirit from Leah, will
be played by Si Abrahams.
.Mystic Messenger
The mystic messenger will be
played by Philip Ilalinger. Bar
bara Whippermati will be Leah's
nurse and Sidney Friedman will
be Leah's father.
Raoul Peizar, a graduate stu
dent in Speech and Drama, is di
rector of the play. He said he
chose the play because of the
"universal application" of the
theme. According to the program
notes, the theme is "the inner
psychological torment of a soul
obsessed and a soul possessed.
Others appearing in the play
are Lorraine Amirian, Robert
Williams, Lemyel Amirian. Rich
ard Kueny, Ronald Reinholt, Rob
ert Agrella, Leo Kanner, Charles
Harding and Tom Winston.
Choreographer
Lorle Kransler is choreographer
for "The Dybbuk." Beggars and
dancers for the play are Lorle
Kransler, Pauline Peotter, Bodie
Rasmussen, Betty Risser and Vee
Sales.
James Lyan is set designer, and
costume designer is Jeanne Rich
Schultz. Sheilah Dorcy is stage
manager. Lighting is done by-
Paul Landry.
Tonight is the beginning of a
two-week run for "The Dybbuk."
It will also be shown tomorrow,
Friday and Saturday and March
2-5.
Some tickets are still available
fyr tonight and tomorrow night.
Friday and Saturday perform
ances are sold out. March 2 of
next week is also sold out. There
are tickets still available for the
performances of March 3-5. They
may be bought from Memorial
Hail box office, DA 3-0665, on
weekday afternoons.


'DYBBUK' STARS ARGUE
Philip Angcloft and Ronald Reinholdt have mutual girl friend
The curtain of the Little The
ater will rise on the Stanford
players' presentation of "The
Dybhuk" tonight at 8:30.
The play by Sholem Ansky tells
of a young girl's struggle to
escape the "dybbuk," or evil
spirit, of her bridegroom. The
possessed young girl, Leah, will
be played by Erica Speyer.
Philip Angelofl' will be her
groom, who is a student of tra
ditional Jewish mysticism. The
role of Rabbi A/.rael, who exor
cizes the spirit from Leah, will
be played by Si Abrahams.
.Mystic Messenger
The mystic messenger will be
played by Philip Ilalinger. Bar
bara Whippermati will be Leah's
nurse and Sidney Friedman will
be Leah's father.
Raoul Peizar, a graduate stu
dent in Speech and Drama, is di
rector of the play. He said he
chose the play because of the
"universal application" of the
theme. According to the program
notes, the theme is "the inner
psychological torment of a soul
obsessed and a soul possessed.
Others appearing in the play
are Lorraine Amirian, Robert
Williams, Lemyel Amirian. Rich
ard Kueny, Ronald Reinholt, Rob
ert Agrella, Leo Kanner, Charles
Harding and Tom Winston.
Choreographer
Lorle Kransler is choreographer
for "The Dybbuk." Beggars and
dancers for the play are Lorle
Kransler, Pauline Peotter, Bodie
Rasmussen, Betty Risser and Vee
Sales.
James Lyan is set designer, and
costume designer is Jeanne Rich
Schultz. Sheilah Dorcy is stage
manager. Lighting is done by-
Paul Landry.
Tonight is the beginning of a
two-week run for "The Dybbuk."
It will also be shown tomorrow,
Friday and Saturday and March
2-5.
Some tickets are still available
fyr tonight and tomorrow night.
Friday and Saturday perform
ances are sold out. March 2 of
next week is also sold out. There
are tickets still available for the
performances of March 3-5. They
may be bought from Memorial
Hail box office, DA 3-0665, on
weekday afternoons.


'DYBBUK' STARS ARGUE
Philip Angcloft and Ronald Reinholdt have mutual girl friend
The curtain of the Little The
ater will rise on the Stanford
players' presentation of "The
Dybhuk" tonight at 8:30.
The play by Sholem Ansky tells
of a young girl's struggle to
escape the "dybbuk," or evil
spirit, of her bridegroom. The
possessed young girl, Leah, will
be played by Erica Speyer.
Philip Angelofl' will be her
groom, who is a student of tra
ditional Jewish mysticism. The
role of Rabbi A/.rael, who exor
cizes the spirit from Leah, will
be played by Si Abrahams.
.Mystic Messenger
The mystic messenger will be
played by Philip Ilalinger. Bar
bara Whippermati will be Leah's
nurse and Sidney Friedman will
be Leah's father.
Raoul Peizar, a graduate stu
dent in Speech and Drama, is di
rector of the play. He said he
chose the play because of the
"universal application" of the
theme. According to the program
notes, the theme is "the inner
psychological torment of a soul
obsessed and a soul possessed.
Others appearing in the play
are Lorraine Amirian, Robert
Williams, Lemyel Amirian. Rich
ard Kueny, Ronald Reinholt, Rob
ert Agrella, Leo Kanner, Charles
Harding and Tom Winston.
Choreographer
Lorle Kransler is choreographer
for "The Dybbuk." Beggars and
dancers for the play are Lorle
Kransler, Pauline Peotter, Bodie
Rasmussen, Betty Risser and Vee
Sales.
James Lyan is set designer, and
costume designer is Jeanne Rich
Schultz. Sheilah Dorcy is stage
manager. Lighting is done by-
Paul Landry.
Tonight is the beginning of a
two-week run for "The Dybbuk."
It will also be shown tomorrow,
Friday and Saturday and March
2-5.
Some tickets are still available
fyr tonight and tomorrow night.
Friday and Saturday perform
ances are sold out. March 2 of
next week is also sold out. There
are tickets still available for the
performances of March 3-5. They
may be bought from Memorial
Hail box office, DA 3-0665, on
weekday afternoons.


'DYBBUK' STARS ARGUE
Philip Angcloft and Ronald Reinholdt have mutual girl friend
The curtain of the Little The
ater will rise on the Stanford
players' presentation of "The
Dybhuk" tonight at 8:30.
The play by Sholem Ansky tells
of a young girl's struggle to
escape the "dybbuk," or evil
spirit, of her bridegroom. The
possessed young girl, Leah, will
be played by Erica Speyer.
Philip Angelofl' will be her
groom, who is a student of tra
ditional Jewish mysticism. The
role of Rabbi A/.rael, who exor
cizes the spirit from Leah, will
be played by Si Abrahams.
.Mystic Messenger
The mystic messenger will be
played by Philip Ilalinger. Bar
bara Whippermati will be Leah's
nurse and Sidney Friedman will
be Leah's father.
Raoul Peizar, a graduate stu
dent in Speech and Drama, is di
rector of the play. He said he
chose the play because of the
"universal application" of the
theme. According to the program
notes, the theme is "the inner
psychological torment of a soul
obsessed and a soul possessed.
Others appearing in the play
are Lorraine Amirian, Robert
Williams, Lemyel Amirian. Rich
ard Kueny, Ronald Reinholt, Rob
ert Agrella, Leo Kanner, Charles
Harding and Tom Winston.
Choreographer
Lorle Kransler is choreographer
for "The Dybbuk." Beggars and
dancers for the play are Lorle
Kransler, Pauline Peotter, Bodie
Rasmussen, Betty Risser and Vee
Sales.
James Lyan is set designer, and
costume designer is Jeanne Rich
Schultz. Sheilah Dorcy is stage
manager. Lighting is done by-
Paul Landry.
Tonight is the beginning of a
two-week run for "The Dybbuk."
It will also be shown tomorrow,
Friday and Saturday and March
2-5.
Some tickets are still available
fyr tonight and tomorrow night.
Friday and Saturday perform
ances are sold out. March 2 of
next week is also sold out. There
are tickets still available for the
performances of March 3-5. They
may be bought from Memorial
Hail box office, DA 3-0665, on
weekday afternoons.


'DYBBUK' STARS ARGUE
Philip Angcloft and Ronald Reinholdt have mutual girl friend
The curtain of the Little The
ater will rise on the Stanford
players' presentation of "The
Dybhuk" tonight at 8:30.
The play by Sholem Ansky tells
of a young girl's struggle to
escape the "dybbuk," or evil
spirit, of her bridegroom. The
possessed young girl, Leah, will
be played by Erica Speyer.
Philip Angelofl' will be her
groom, who is a student of tra
ditional Jewish mysticism. The
role of Rabbi A/.rael, who exor
cizes the spirit from Leah, will
be played by Si Abrahams.
.Mystic Messenger
The mystic messenger will be
played by Philip Ilalinger. Bar
bara Whippermati will be Leah's
nurse and Sidney Friedman will
be Leah's father.
Raoul Peizar, a graduate stu
dent in Speech and Drama, is di
rector of the play. He said he
chose the play because of the
"universal application" of the
theme. According to the program
notes, the theme is "the inner
psychological torment of a soul
obsessed and a soul possessed.
Others appearing in the play
are Lorraine Amirian, Robert
Williams, Lemyel Amirian. Rich
ard Kueny, Ronald Reinholt, Rob
ert Agrella, Leo Kanner, Charles
Harding and Tom Winston.
Choreographer
Lorle Kransler is choreographer
for "The Dybbuk." Beggars and
dancers for the play are Lorle
Kransler, Pauline Peotter, Bodie
Rasmussen, Betty Risser and Vee
Sales.
James Lyan is set designer, and
costume designer is Jeanne Rich
Schultz. Sheilah Dorcy is stage
manager. Lighting is done by-
Paul Landry.
Tonight is the beginning of a
two-week run for "The Dybbuk."
It will also be shown tomorrow,
Friday and Saturday and March
2-5.
Some tickets are still available
fyr tonight and tomorrow night.
Friday and Saturday perform
ances are sold out. March 2 of
next week is also sold out. There
are tickets still available for the
performances of March 3-5. They
may be bought from Memorial
Hail box office, DA 3-0665, on
weekday afternoons.


'DYBBUK' STARS ARGUE
Philip Angcloft and Ronald Reinholdt have mutual girl friend
The curtain of the Little The
ater will rise on the Stanford
players' presentation of "The
Dybhuk" tonight at 8:30.
The play by Sholem Ansky tells
of a young girl's struggle to
escape the "dybbuk," or evil
spirit, of her bridegroom. The
possessed young girl, Leah, will
be played by Erica Speyer.
Philip Angelofl' will be her
groom, who is a student of tra
ditional Jewish mysticism. The
role of Rabbi A/.rael, who exor
cizes the spirit from Leah, will
be played by Si Abrahams.
.Mystic Messenger
The mystic messenger will be
played by Philip Ilalinger. Bar
bara Whippermati will be Leah's
nurse and Sidney Friedman will
be Leah's father.
Raoul Peizar, a graduate stu
dent in Speech and Drama, is di
rector of the play. He said he
chose the play because of the
"universal application" of the
theme. According to the program
notes, the theme is "the inner
psychological torment of a soul
obsessed and a soul possessed.
Others appearing in the play
are Lorraine Amirian, Robert
Williams, Lemyel Amirian. Rich
ard Kueny, Ronald Reinholt, Rob
ert Agrella, Leo Kanner, Charles
Harding and Tom Winston.
Choreographer
Lorle Kransler is choreographer
for "The Dybbuk." Beggars and
dancers for the play are Lorle
Kransler, Pauline Peotter, Bodie
Rasmussen, Betty Risser and Vee
Sales.
James Lyan is set designer, and
costume designer is Jeanne Rich
Schultz. Sheilah Dorcy is stage
manager. Lighting is done by-
Paul Landry.
Tonight is the beginning of a
two-week run for "The Dybbuk."
It will also be shown tomorrow,
Friday and Saturday and March
2-5.
Some tickets are still available
fyr tonight and tomorrow night.
Friday and Saturday perform
ances are sold out. March 2 of
next week is also sold out. There
are tickets still available for the
performances of March 3-5. They
may be bought from Memorial
Hail box office, DA 3-0665, on
weekday afternoons.


'DYBBUK' STARS ARGUE
Philip Angcloft and Ronald Reinholdt have mutual girl friend
The curtain of the Little The
ater will rise on the Stanford
players' presentation of "The
Dybhuk" tonight at 8:30.
The play by Sholem Ansky tells
of a young girl's struggle to
escape the "dybbuk," or evil
spirit, of her bridegroom. The
possessed young girl, Leah, will
be played by Erica Speyer.
Philip Angelofl' will be her
groom, who is a student of tra
ditional Jewish mysticism. The
role of Rabbi A/.rael, who exor
cizes the spirit from Leah, will
be played by Si Abrahams.
.Mystic Messenger
The mystic messenger will be
played by Philip Ilalinger. Bar
bara Whippermati will be Leah's
nurse and Sidney Friedman will
be Leah's father.
Raoul Peizar, a graduate stu
dent in Speech and Drama, is di
rector of the play. He said he
chose the play because of the
"universal application" of the
theme. According to the program
notes, the theme is "the inner
psychological torment of a soul
obsessed and a soul possessed.
Others appearing in the play
are Lorraine Amirian, Robert
Williams, Lemyel Amirian. Rich
ard Kueny, Ronald Reinholt, Rob
ert Agrella, Leo Kanner, Charles
Harding and Tom Winston.
Choreographer
Lorle Kransler is choreographer
for "The Dybbuk." Beggars and
dancers for the play are Lorle
Kransler, Pauline Peotter, Bodie
Rasmussen, Betty Risser and Vee
Sales.
James Lyan is set designer, and
costume designer is Jeanne Rich
Schultz. Sheilah Dorcy is stage
manager. Lighting is done by-
Paul Landry.
Tonight is the beginning of a
two-week run for "The Dybbuk."
It will also be shown tomorrow,
Friday and Saturday and March
2-5.
Some tickets are still available
fyr tonight and tomorrow night.
Friday and Saturday perform
ances are sold out. March 2 of
next week is also sold out. There
are tickets still available for the
performances of March 3-5. They
may be bought from Memorial
Hail box office, DA 3-0665, on
weekday afternoons.


'DYBBUK' STARS ARGUE
Philip Angcloft and Ronald Reinholdt have mutual girl friend
The curtain of the Little The
ater will rise on the Stanford
players' presentation of "The
Dybhuk" tonight at 8:30.
The play by Sholem Ansky tells
of a young girl's struggle to
escape the "dybbuk," or evil
spirit, of her bridegroom. The
possessed young girl, Leah, will
be played by Erica Speyer.
Philip Angelofl' will be her
groom, who is a student of tra
ditional Jewish mysticism. The
role of Rabbi A/.rael, who exor
cizes the spirit from Leah, will
be played by Si Abrahams.
.Mystic Messenger
The mystic messenger will be
played by Philip Ilalinger. Bar
bara Whippermati will be Leah's
nurse and Sidney Friedman will
be Leah's father.
Raoul Peizar, a graduate stu
dent in Speech and Drama, is di
rector of the play. He said he
chose the play because of the
"universal application" of the
theme. According to the program
notes, the theme is "the inner
psychological torment of a soul
obsessed and a soul possessed.
Others appearing in the play
are Lorraine Amirian, Robert
Williams, Lemyel Amirian. Rich
ard Kueny, Ronald Reinholt, Rob
ert Agrella, Leo Kanner, Charles
Harding and Tom Winston.
Choreographer
Lorle Kransler is choreographer
for "The Dybbuk." Beggars and
dancers for the play are Lorle
Kransler, Pauline Peotter, Bodie
Rasmussen, Betty Risser and Vee
Sales.
James Lyan is set designer, and
costume designer is Jeanne Rich
Schultz. Sheilah Dorcy is stage
manager. Lighting is done by-
Paul Landry.
Tonight is the beginning of a
two-week run for "The Dybbuk."
It will also be shown tomorrow,
Friday and Saturday and March
2-5.
Some tickets are still available
fyr tonight and tomorrow night.
Friday and Saturday perform
ances are sold out. March 2 of
next week is also sold out. There
are tickets still available for the
performances of March 3-5. They
may be bought from Memorial
Hail box office, DA 3-0665, on
weekday afternoons.


'DYBBUK' STARS ARGUE
Philip Angcloft and Ronald Reinholdt have mutual girl friend
The curtain of the Little The
ater will rise on the Stanford
players' presentation of "The
Dybhuk" tonight at 8:30.
The play by Sholem Ansky tells
of a young girl's struggle to
escape the "dybbuk," or evil
spirit, of her bridegroom. The
possessed young girl, Leah, will
be played by Erica Speyer.
Philip Angelofl' will be her
groom, who is a student of tra
ditional Jewish mysticism. The
role of Rabbi A/.rael, who exor
cizes the spirit from Leah, will
be played by Si Abrahams.
.Mystic Messenger
The mystic messenger will be
played by Philip Ilalinger. Bar
bara Whippermati will be Leah's
nurse and Sidney Friedman will
be Leah's father.
Raoul Peizar, a graduate stu
dent in Speech and Drama, is di
rector of the play. He said he
chose the play because of the
"universal application" of the
theme. According to the program
notes, the theme is "the inner
psychological torment of a soul
obsessed and a soul possessed.
Others appearing in the play
are Lorraine Amirian, Robert
Williams, Lemyel Amirian. Rich
ard Kueny, Ronald Reinholt, Rob
ert Agrella, Leo Kanner, Charles
Harding and Tom Winston.
Choreographer
Lorle Kransler is choreographer
for "The Dybbuk." Beggars and
dancers for the play are Lorle
Kransler, Pauline Peotter, Bodie
Rasmussen, Betty Risser and Vee
Sales.
James Lyan is set designer, and
costume designer is Jeanne Rich
Schultz. Sheilah Dorcy is stage
manager. Lighting is done by-
Paul Landry.
Tonight is the beginning of a
two-week run for "The Dybbuk."
It will also be shown tomorrow,
Friday and Saturday and March
2-5.
Some tickets are still available
fyr tonight and tomorrow night.
Friday and Saturday perform
ances are sold out. March 2 of
next week is also sold out. There
are tickets still available for the
performances of March 3-5. They
may be bought from Memorial
Hail box office, DA 3-0665, on
weekday afternoons.


'DYBBUK' STARS ARGUE
Philip Angcloft and Ronald Reinholdt have mutual girl friend
The curtain of the Little The
ater will rise on the Stanford
players' presentation of "The
Dybhuk" tonight at 8:30.
The play by Sholem Ansky tells
of a young girl's struggle to
escape the "dybbuk," or evil
spirit, of her bridegroom. The
possessed young girl, Leah, will
be played by Erica Speyer.
Philip Angelofl' will be her
groom, who is a student of tra
ditional Jewish mysticism. The
role of Rabbi A/.rael, who exor
cizes the spirit from Leah, will
be played by Si Abrahams.
.Mystic Messenger
The mystic messenger will be
played by Philip Ilalinger. Bar
bara Whippermati will be Leah's
nurse and Sidney Friedman will
be Leah's father.
Raoul Peizar, a graduate stu
dent in Speech and Drama, is di
rector of the play. He said he
chose the play because of the
"universal application" of the
theme. According to the program
notes, the theme is "the inner
psychological torment of a soul
obsessed and a soul possessed.
Others appearing in the play
are Lorraine Amirian, Robert
Williams, Lemyel Amirian. Rich
ard Kueny, Ronald Reinholt, Rob
ert Agrella, Leo Kanner, Charles
Harding and Tom Winston.
Choreographer
Lorle Kransler is choreographer
for "The Dybbuk." Beggars and
dancers for the play are Lorle
Kransler, Pauline Peotter, Bodie
Rasmussen, Betty Risser and Vee
Sales.
James Lyan is set designer, and
costume designer is Jeanne Rich
Schultz. Sheilah Dorcy is stage
manager. Lighting is done by-
Paul Landry.
Tonight is the beginning of a
two-week run for "The Dybbuk."
It will also be shown tomorrow,
Friday and Saturday and March
2-5.
Some tickets are still available
fyr tonight and tomorrow night.
Friday and Saturday perform
ances are sold out. March 2 of
next week is also sold out. There
are tickets still available for the
performances of March 3-5. They
may be bought from Memorial
Hail box office, DA 3-0665, on
weekday afternoons.


'DYBBUK' STARS ARGUE
Philip Angcloft and Ronald Reinholdt have mutual girl friend
