# Untitled Article
## 
### 
J.H. Paine, '12, of the Entomology
department has recently been appoint
ed Field agent of the IT. S. Bureau of
Entomology.
J.H. Paine, '12, of the Entomology
department has recently been appoint
ed Field agent of the IT. S. Bureau of
Entomology.
J.H. Paine, '12, of the Entomology
department has recently been appoint
ed Field agent of the IT. S. Bureau of
Entomology.
J.H. Paine, '12, of the Entomology
department has recently been appoint
ed Field agent of the IT. S. Bureau of
Entomology.
J.H. Paine, '12, of the Entomology
department has recently been appoint
ed Field agent of the IT. S. Bureau of
Entomology.
J.H. Paine, '12, of the Entomology
department has recently been appoint
ed Field agent of the IT. S. Bureau of
Entomology.
J.H. Paine, '12, of the Entomology
department has recently been appoint
ed Field agent of the IT. S. Bureau of
Entomology.
J.H. Paine, '12, of the Entomology
department has recently been appoint
ed Field agent of the IT. S. Bureau of
Entomology.
J.H. Paine, '12, of the Entomology
department has recently been appoint
ed Field agent of the IT. S. Bureau of
Entomology.
J.H. Paine, '12, of the Entomology
department has recently been appoint
ed Field agent of the IT. S. Bureau of
Entomology.
J.H. Paine, '12, of the Entomology
department has recently been appoint
ed Field agent of the IT. S. Bureau of
Entomology.
J.H. Paine, '12, of the Entomology
department has recently been appoint
ed Field agent of the IT. S. Bureau of
Entomology.
J.H. Paine, '12, of the Entomology
department has recently been appoint
ed Field agent of the IT. S. Bureau of
Entomology.
J.H. Paine, '12, of the Entomology
department has recently been appoint
ed Field agent of the IT. S. Bureau of
Entomology.
