# COMBINED CHORUSES OF PENINSULA MAKE SUCCESS IN PROGRAM
## Innovation in Campus Music Annals Proves Worthy Of Repetition 
### Hubert Gagos 
Combining the best choruses of the
Peninsula for the special musical ser
vice held in the Memorial Church last
night proved to be an experiment
worthy of repetition. An innovation in
campus musical annals, the service
last night marked the highest attain
ment in musical programs attempted
under local auspices.
The mass by C. M. Widor, famous
organist of St. Sulpice in Paris, was
the most difficult number heard. Fol
lowing the manner of the French
churches, the choirs were placed in
the west gallery under the echo organ,
while the organ responses came from
the rear of the church. A very effec
tive tonal combination was the result.
The combined Stanford Glee Club
and Choir, Morris Club of Palo Alto,
All Saints Choir, Women's Glee Club,
and voices from the Philharmonic So
ciety of San Mateo in the Mendelssohn
cantata was impressive in recitative
and chorus work. Violet Cowager, who
sang the solos in the piece, carried a
strone lead with her clear and reso
nant soprano.
Beginning with organ perludes
played by Mrs. Louise Woodard, or
ganist at the All Saints Church of
Palo Alto, and Griffith Williams, a
Stanford student, the service included,
besides the mass, "Cantable," organ
solo, Arcadelt's "Ave Maria," by the
Stanford Male Choir, "Solemn Melody,"
combined orchestra and organ, and
"Nature's Adoration," combined male
chorus with orchestra. The Forty-sec
ond Psalm, by Mendelssohn, was the
concluding selection and was sung by
the entire ensemble from the organ
gallery.
Combining the best choruses of the
Peninsula for the special musical ser
vice held in the Memorial Church last
night proved to be an experiment
worthy of repetition. An innovation in
campus musical annals, the service
last night marked the highest attain
ment in musical programs attempted
under local auspices.
The mass by C. M. Widor, famous
organist of St. Sulpice in Paris, was
the most difficult number heard. Fol
lowing the manner of the French
churches, the choirs were placed in
the west gallery under the echo organ,
while the organ responses came from
the rear of the church. A very effec
tive tonal combination was the result.
The combined Stanford Glee Club
and Choir, Morris Club of Palo Alto,
All Saints Choir, Women's Glee Club,
and voices from the Philharmonic So
ciety of San Mateo in the Mendelssohn
cantata was impressive in recitative
and chorus work. Violet Cowager, who
sang the solos in the piece, carried a
strone lead with her clear and reso
nant soprano.
Beginning with organ perludes
played by Mrs. Louise Woodard, or
ganist at the All Saints Church of
Palo Alto, and Griffith Williams, a
Stanford student, the service included,
besides the mass, "Cantable," organ
solo, Arcadelt's "Ave Maria," by the
Stanford Male Choir, "Solemn Melody,"
combined orchestra and organ, and
"Nature's Adoration," combined male
chorus with orchestra. The Forty-sec
ond Psalm, by Mendelssohn, was the
concluding selection and was sung by
the entire ensemble from the organ
gallery.
Combining the best choruses of the
Peninsula for the special musical ser
vice held in the Memorial Church last
night proved to be an experiment
worthy of repetition. An innovation in
campus musical annals, the service
last night marked the highest attain
ment in musical programs attempted
under local auspices.
The mass by C. M. Widor, famous
organist of St. Sulpice in Paris, was
the most difficult number heard. Fol
lowing the manner of the French
churches, the choirs were placed in
the west gallery under the echo organ,
while the organ responses came from
the rear of the church. A very effec
tive tonal combination was the result.
The combined Stanford Glee Club
and Choir, Morris Club of Palo Alto,
All Saints Choir, Women's Glee Club,
and voices from the Philharmonic So
ciety of San Mateo in the Mendelssohn
cantata was impressive in recitative
and chorus work. Violet Cowager, who
sang the solos in the piece, carried a
strone lead with her clear and reso
nant soprano.
Beginning with organ perludes
played by Mrs. Louise Woodard, or
ganist at the All Saints Church of
Palo Alto, and Griffith Williams, a
Stanford student, the service included,
besides the mass, "Cantable," organ
solo, Arcadelt's "Ave Maria," by the
Stanford Male Choir, "Solemn Melody,"
combined orchestra and organ, and
"Nature's Adoration," combined male
chorus with orchestra. The Forty-sec
ond Psalm, by Mendelssohn, was the
concluding selection and was sung by
the entire ensemble from the organ
gallery.
Combining the best choruses of the
Peninsula for the special musical ser
vice held in the Memorial Church last
night proved to be an experiment
worthy of repetition. An innovation in
campus musical annals, the service
last night marked the highest attain
ment in musical programs attempted
under local auspices.
The mass by C. M. Widor, famous
organist of St. Sulpice in Paris, was
the most difficult number heard. Fol
lowing the manner of the French
churches, the choirs were placed in
the west gallery under the echo organ,
while the organ responses came from
the rear of the church. A very effec
tive tonal combination was the result.
The combined Stanford Glee Club
and Choir, Morris Club of Palo Alto,
All Saints Choir, Women's Glee Club,
and voices from the Philharmonic So
ciety of San Mateo in the Mendelssohn
cantata was impressive in recitative
and chorus work. Violet Cowager, who
sang the solos in the piece, carried a
strone lead with her clear and reso
nant soprano.
Beginning with organ perludes
played by Mrs. Louise Woodard, or
ganist at the All Saints Church of
Palo Alto, and Griffith Williams, a
Stanford student, the service included,
besides the mass, "Cantable," organ
solo, Arcadelt's "Ave Maria," by the
Stanford Male Choir, "Solemn Melody,"
combined orchestra and organ, and
"Nature's Adoration," combined male
chorus with orchestra. The Forty-sec
ond Psalm, by Mendelssohn, was the
concluding selection and was sung by
the entire ensemble from the organ
gallery.
Combining the best choruses of the
Peninsula for the special musical ser
vice held in the Memorial Church last
night proved to be an experiment
worthy of repetition. An innovation in
campus musical annals, the service
last night marked the highest attain
ment in musical programs attempted
under local auspices.
The mass by C. M. Widor, famous
organist of St. Sulpice in Paris, was
the most difficult number heard. Fol
lowing the manner of the French
churches, the choirs were placed in
the west gallery under the echo organ,
while the organ responses came from
the rear of the church. A very effec
tive tonal combination was the result.
The combined Stanford Glee Club
and Choir, Morris Club of Palo Alto,
All Saints Choir, Women's Glee Club,
and voices from the Philharmonic So
ciety of San Mateo in the Mendelssohn
cantata was impressive in recitative
and chorus work. Violet Cowager, who
sang the solos in the piece, carried a
strone lead with her clear and reso
nant soprano.
Beginning with organ perludes
played by Mrs. Louise Woodard, or
ganist at the All Saints Church of
Palo Alto, and Griffith Williams, a
Stanford student, the service included,
besides the mass, "Cantable," organ
solo, Arcadelt's "Ave Maria," by the
Stanford Male Choir, "Solemn Melody,"
combined orchestra and organ, and
"Nature's Adoration," combined male
chorus with orchestra. The Forty-sec
ond Psalm, by Mendelssohn, was the
concluding selection and was sung by
the entire ensemble from the organ
gallery.
Combining the best choruses of the
Peninsula for the special musical ser
vice held in the Memorial Church last
night proved to be an experiment
worthy of repetition. An innovation in
campus musical annals, the service
last night marked the highest attain
ment in musical programs attempted
under local auspices.
The mass by C. M. Widor, famous
organist of St. Sulpice in Paris, was
the most difficult number heard. Fol
lowing the manner of the French
churches, the choirs were placed in
the west gallery under the echo organ,
while the organ responses came from
the rear of the church. A very effec
tive tonal combination was the result.
The combined Stanford Glee Club
and Choir, Morris Club of Palo Alto,
All Saints Choir, Women's Glee Club,
and voices from the Philharmonic So
ciety of San Mateo in the Mendelssohn
cantata was impressive in recitative
and chorus work. Violet Cowager, who
sang the solos in the piece, carried a
strone lead with her clear and reso
nant soprano.
Beginning with organ perludes
played by Mrs. Louise Woodard, or
ganist at the All Saints Church of
Palo Alto, and Griffith Williams, a
Stanford student, the service included,
besides the mass, "Cantable," organ
solo, Arcadelt's "Ave Maria," by the
Stanford Male Choir, "Solemn Melody,"
combined orchestra and organ, and
"Nature's Adoration," combined male
chorus with orchestra. The Forty-sec
ond Psalm, by Mendelssohn, was the
concluding selection and was sung by
the entire ensemble from the organ
gallery.
Combining the best choruses of the
Peninsula for the special musical ser
vice held in the Memorial Church last
night proved to be an experiment
worthy of repetition. An innovation in
campus musical annals, the service
last night marked the highest attain
ment in musical programs attempted
under local auspices.
The mass by C. M. Widor, famous
organist of St. Sulpice in Paris, was
the most difficult number heard. Fol
lowing the manner of the French
churches, the choirs were placed in
the west gallery under the echo organ,
while the organ responses came from
the rear of the church. A very effec
tive tonal combination was the result.
The combined Stanford Glee Club
and Choir, Morris Club of Palo Alto,
All Saints Choir, Women's Glee Club,
and voices from the Philharmonic So
ciety of San Mateo in the Mendelssohn
cantata was impressive in recitative
and chorus work. Violet Cowager, who
sang the solos in the piece, carried a
strone lead with her clear and reso
nant soprano.
Beginning with organ perludes
played by Mrs. Louise Woodard, or
ganist at the All Saints Church of
Palo Alto, and Griffith Williams, a
Stanford student, the service included,
besides the mass, "Cantable," organ
solo, Arcadelt's "Ave Maria," by the
Stanford Male Choir, "Solemn Melody,"
combined orchestra and organ, and
"Nature's Adoration," combined male
chorus with orchestra. The Forty-sec
ond Psalm, by Mendelssohn, was the
concluding selection and was sung by
the entire ensemble from the organ
gallery.
Combining the best choruses of the
Peninsula for the special musical ser
vice held in the Memorial Church last
night proved to be an experiment
worthy of repetition. An innovation in
campus musical annals, the service
last night marked the highest attain
ment in musical programs attempted
under local auspices.
The mass by C. M. Widor, famous
organist of St. Sulpice in Paris, was
the most difficult number heard. Fol
lowing the manner of the French
churches, the choirs were placed in
the west gallery under the echo organ,
while the organ responses came from
the rear of the church. A very effec
tive tonal combination was the result.
The combined Stanford Glee Club
and Choir, Morris Club of Palo Alto,
All Saints Choir, Women's Glee Club,
and voices from the Philharmonic So
ciety of San Mateo in the Mendelssohn
cantata was impressive in recitative
and chorus work. Violet Cowager, who
sang the solos in the piece, carried a
strone lead with her clear and reso
nant soprano.
Beginning with organ perludes
played by Mrs. Louise Woodard, or
ganist at the All Saints Church of
Palo Alto, and Griffith Williams, a
Stanford student, the service included,
besides the mass, "Cantable," organ
solo, Arcadelt's "Ave Maria," by the
Stanford Male Choir, "Solemn Melody,"
combined orchestra and organ, and
"Nature's Adoration," combined male
chorus with orchestra. The Forty-sec
ond Psalm, by Mendelssohn, was the
concluding selection and was sung by
the entire ensemble from the organ
gallery.
Combining the best choruses of the
Peninsula for the special musical ser
vice held in the Memorial Church last
night proved to be an experiment
worthy of repetition. An innovation in
campus musical annals, the service
last night marked the highest attain
ment in musical programs attempted
under local auspices.
The mass by C. M. Widor, famous
organist of St. Sulpice in Paris, was
the most difficult number heard. Fol
lowing the manner of the French
churches, the choirs were placed in
the west gallery under the echo organ,
while the organ responses came from
the rear of the church. A very effec
tive tonal combination was the result.
The combined Stanford Glee Club
and Choir, Morris Club of Palo Alto,
All Saints Choir, Women's Glee Club,
and voices from the Philharmonic So
ciety of San Mateo in the Mendelssohn
cantata was impressive in recitative
and chorus work. Violet Cowager, who
sang the solos in the piece, carried a
strone lead with her clear and reso
nant soprano.
Beginning with organ perludes
played by Mrs. Louise Woodard, or
ganist at the All Saints Church of
Palo Alto, and Griffith Williams, a
Stanford student, the service included,
besides the mass, "Cantable," organ
solo, Arcadelt's "Ave Maria," by the
Stanford Male Choir, "Solemn Melody,"
combined orchestra and organ, and
"Nature's Adoration," combined male
chorus with orchestra. The Forty-sec
ond Psalm, by Mendelssohn, was the
concluding selection and was sung by
the entire ensemble from the organ
gallery.
Combining the best choruses of the
Peninsula for the special musical ser
vice held in the Memorial Church last
night proved to be an experiment
worthy of repetition. An innovation in
campus musical annals, the service
last night marked the highest attain
ment in musical programs attempted
under local auspices.
The mass by C. M. Widor, famous
organist of St. Sulpice in Paris, was
the most difficult number heard. Fol
lowing the manner of the French
churches, the choirs were placed in
the west gallery under the echo organ,
while the organ responses came from
the rear of the church. A very effec
tive tonal combination was the result.
The combined Stanford Glee Club
and Choir, Morris Club of Palo Alto,
All Saints Choir, Women's Glee Club,
and voices from the Philharmonic So
ciety of San Mateo in the Mendelssohn
cantata was impressive in recitative
and chorus work. Violet Cowager, who
sang the solos in the piece, carried a
strone lead with her clear and reso
nant soprano.
Beginning with organ perludes
played by Mrs. Louise Woodard, or
ganist at the All Saints Church of
Palo Alto, and Griffith Williams, a
Stanford student, the service included,
besides the mass, "Cantable," organ
solo, Arcadelt's "Ave Maria," by the
Stanford Male Choir, "Solemn Melody,"
combined orchestra and organ, and
"Nature's Adoration," combined male
chorus with orchestra. The Forty-sec
ond Psalm, by Mendelssohn, was the
concluding selection and was sung by
the entire ensemble from the organ
gallery.
Combining the best choruses of the
Peninsula for the special musical ser
vice held in the Memorial Church last
night proved to be an experiment
worthy of repetition. An innovation in
campus musical annals, the service
last night marked the highest attain
ment in musical programs attempted
under local auspices.
The mass by C. M. Widor, famous
organist of St. Sulpice in Paris, was
the most difficult number heard. Fol
lowing the manner of the French
churches, the choirs were placed in
the west gallery under the echo organ,
while the organ responses came from
the rear of the church. A very effec
tive tonal combination was the result.
The combined Stanford Glee Club
and Choir, Morris Club of Palo Alto,
All Saints Choir, Women's Glee Club,
and voices from the Philharmonic So
ciety of San Mateo in the Mendelssohn
cantata was impressive in recitative
and chorus work. Violet Cowager, who
sang the solos in the piece, carried a
strone lead with her clear and reso
nant soprano.
Beginning with organ perludes
played by Mrs. Louise Woodard, or
ganist at the All Saints Church of
Palo Alto, and Griffith Williams, a
Stanford student, the service included,
besides the mass, "Cantable," organ
solo, Arcadelt's "Ave Maria," by the
Stanford Male Choir, "Solemn Melody,"
combined orchestra and organ, and
"Nature's Adoration," combined male
chorus with orchestra. The Forty-sec
ond Psalm, by Mendelssohn, was the
concluding selection and was sung by
the entire ensemble from the organ
gallery.
Combining the best choruses of the
Peninsula for the special musical ser
vice held in the Memorial Church last
night proved to be an experiment
worthy of repetition. An innovation in
campus musical annals, the service
last night marked the highest attain
ment in musical programs attempted
under local auspices.
The mass by C. M. Widor, famous
organist of St. Sulpice in Paris, was
the most difficult number heard. Fol
lowing the manner of the French
churches, the choirs were placed in
the west gallery under the echo organ,
while the organ responses came from
the rear of the church. A very effec
tive tonal combination was the result.
The combined Stanford Glee Club
and Choir, Morris Club of Palo Alto,
All Saints Choir, Women's Glee Club,
and voices from the Philharmonic So
ciety of San Mateo in the Mendelssohn
cantata was impressive in recitative
and chorus work. Violet Cowager, who
sang the solos in the piece, carried a
strone lead with her clear and reso
nant soprano.
Beginning with organ perludes
played by Mrs. Louise Woodard, or
ganist at the All Saints Church of
Palo Alto, and Griffith Williams, a
Stanford student, the service included,
besides the mass, "Cantable," organ
solo, Arcadelt's "Ave Maria," by the
Stanford Male Choir, "Solemn Melody,"
combined orchestra and organ, and
"Nature's Adoration," combined male
chorus with orchestra. The Forty-sec
ond Psalm, by Mendelssohn, was the
concluding selection and was sung by
the entire ensemble from the organ
gallery.
Combining the best choruses of the
Peninsula for the special musical ser
vice held in the Memorial Church last
night proved to be an experiment
worthy of repetition. An innovation in
campus musical annals, the service
last night marked the highest attain
ment in musical programs attempted
under local auspices.
The mass by C. M. Widor, famous
organist of St. Sulpice in Paris, was
the most difficult number heard. Fol
lowing the manner of the French
churches, the choirs were placed in
the west gallery under the echo organ,
while the organ responses came from
the rear of the church. A very effec
tive tonal combination was the result.
The combined Stanford Glee Club
and Choir, Morris Club of Palo Alto,
All Saints Choir, Women's Glee Club,
and voices from the Philharmonic So
ciety of San Mateo in the Mendelssohn
cantata was impressive in recitative
and chorus work. Violet Cowager, who
sang the solos in the piece, carried a
strone lead with her clear and reso
nant soprano.
Beginning with organ perludes
played by Mrs. Louise Woodard, or
ganist at the All Saints Church of
Palo Alto, and Griffith Williams, a
Stanford student, the service included,
besides the mass, "Cantable," organ
solo, Arcadelt's "Ave Maria," by the
Stanford Male Choir, "Solemn Melody,"
combined orchestra and organ, and
"Nature's Adoration," combined male
chorus with orchestra. The Forty-sec
ond Psalm, by Mendelssohn, was the
concluding selection and was sung by
the entire ensemble from the organ
gallery.
Combining the best choruses of the
Peninsula for the special musical ser
vice held in the Memorial Church last
night proved to be an experiment
worthy of repetition. An innovation in
campus musical annals, the service
last night marked the highest attain
ment in musical programs attempted
under local auspices.
The mass by C. M. Widor, famous
organist of St. Sulpice in Paris, was
the most difficult number heard. Fol
lowing the manner of the French
churches, the choirs were placed in
the west gallery under the echo organ,
while the organ responses came from
the rear of the church. A very effec
tive tonal combination was the result.
The combined Stanford Glee Club
and Choir, Morris Club of Palo Alto,
All Saints Choir, Women's Glee Club,
and voices from the Philharmonic So
ciety of San Mateo in the Mendelssohn
cantata was impressive in recitative
and chorus work. Violet Cowager, who
sang the solos in the piece, carried a
strone lead with her clear and reso
nant soprano.
Beginning with organ perludes
played by Mrs. Louise Woodard, or
ganist at the All Saints Church of
Palo Alto, and Griffith Williams, a
Stanford student, the service included,
besides the mass, "Cantable," organ
solo, Arcadelt's "Ave Maria," by the
Stanford Male Choir, "Solemn Melody,"
combined orchestra and organ, and
"Nature's Adoration," combined male
chorus with orchestra. The Forty-sec
ond Psalm, by Mendelssohn, was the
concluding selection and was sung by
the entire ensemble from the organ
gallery.
Combining the best choruses of the
Peninsula for the special musical ser
vice held in the Memorial Church last
night proved to be an experiment
worthy of repetition. An innovation in
campus musical annals, the service
last night marked the highest attain
ment in musical programs attempted
under local auspices.
The mass by C. M. Widor, famous
organist of St. Sulpice in Paris, was
the most difficult number heard. Fol
lowing the manner of the French
churches, the choirs were placed in
the west gallery under the echo organ,
while the organ responses came from
the rear of the church. A very effec
tive tonal combination was the result.
The combined Stanford Glee Club
and Choir, Morris Club of Palo Alto,
All Saints Choir, Women's Glee Club,
and voices from the Philharmonic So
ciety of San Mateo in the Mendelssohn
cantata was impressive in recitative
and chorus work. Violet Cowager, who
sang the solos in the piece, carried a
strone lead with her clear and reso
nant soprano.
Beginning with organ perludes
played by Mrs. Louise Woodard, or
ganist at the All Saints Church of
Palo Alto, and Griffith Williams, a
Stanford student, the service included,
besides the mass, "Cantable," organ
solo, Arcadelt's "Ave Maria," by the
Stanford Male Choir, "Solemn Melody,"
combined orchestra and organ, and
"Nature's Adoration," combined male
chorus with orchestra. The Forty-sec
ond Psalm, by Mendelssohn, was the
concluding selection and was sung by
the entire ensemble from the organ
gallery.
