# Untitled Article
## 
### 
A recent election at Cornell was de
clared invalid after charges of corrup
tion were made.
A recent election at Cornell was de
clared invalid after charges of corrup
tion were made.
A recent election at Cornell was de
clared invalid after charges of corrup
tion were made.
A recent election at Cornell was de
clared invalid after charges of corrup
tion were made.
A recent election at Cornell was de
clared invalid after charges of corrup
tion were made.
A recent election at Cornell was de
clared invalid after charges of corrup
tion were made.
A recent election at Cornell was de
clared invalid after charges of corrup
tion were made.
A recent election at Cornell was de
clared invalid after charges of corrup
tion were made.
A recent election at Cornell was de
clared invalid after charges of corrup
tion were made.
A recent election at Cornell was de
clared invalid after charges of corrup
tion were made.
A recent election at Cornell was de
clared invalid after charges of corrup
tion were made.
A recent election at Cornell was de
clared invalid after charges of corrup
tion were made.
A recent election at Cornell was de
clared invalid after charges of corrup
tion were made.
A recent election at Cornell was de
clared invalid after charges of corrup
tion were made.
A recent election at Cornell was de
clared invalid after charges of corrup
tion were made.
