# A 						Recipe
## 
### 
Take a good-sized track team, and mix it with a large portion of
California weather. Add flavor of Dink Templeton's personality, and a
shot of Stanford spirits. Cook and serve at either Philadelphia or Los
Angeles and the result will be a beautiful victory cake. The recipe can
be used and served to anyone who has a particular appetite for clean
athletics.
Take a good-sized track team, and mix it with a large portion of
California weather. Add flavor of Dink Templeton's personality, and a
shot of Stanford spirits. Cook and serve at either Philadelphia or Los
Angeles and the result will be a beautiful victory cake. The recipe can
be used and served to anyone who has a particular appetite for clean
athletics.
Take a good-sized track team, and mix it with a large portion of
California weather. Add flavor of Dink Templeton's personality, and a
shot of Stanford spirits. Cook and serve at either Philadelphia or Los
Angeles and the result will be a beautiful victory cake. The recipe can
be used and served to anyone who has a particular appetite for clean
athletics.
Take a good-sized track team, and mix it with a large portion of
California weather. Add flavor of Dink Templeton's personality, and a
shot of Stanford spirits. Cook and serve at either Philadelphia or Los
Angeles and the result will be a beautiful victory cake. The recipe can
be used and served to anyone who has a particular appetite for clean
athletics.
Take a good-sized track team, and mix it with a large portion of
California weather. Add flavor of Dink Templeton's personality, and a
shot of Stanford spirits. Cook and serve at either Philadelphia or Los
Angeles and the result will be a beautiful victory cake. The recipe can
be used and served to anyone who has a particular appetite for clean
athletics.
Take a good-sized track team, and mix it with a large portion of
California weather. Add flavor of Dink Templeton's personality, and a
shot of Stanford spirits. Cook and serve at either Philadelphia or Los
Angeles and the result will be a beautiful victory cake. The recipe can
be used and served to anyone who has a particular appetite for clean
athletics.
Take a good-sized track team, and mix it with a large portion of
California weather. Add flavor of Dink Templeton's personality, and a
shot of Stanford spirits. Cook and serve at either Philadelphia or Los
Angeles and the result will be a beautiful victory cake. The recipe can
be used and served to anyone who has a particular appetite for clean
athletics.
Take a good-sized track team, and mix it with a large portion of
California weather. Add flavor of Dink Templeton's personality, and a
shot of Stanford spirits. Cook and serve at either Philadelphia or Los
Angeles and the result will be a beautiful victory cake. The recipe can
be used and served to anyone who has a particular appetite for clean
athletics.
Take a good-sized track team, and mix it with a large portion of
California weather. Add flavor of Dink Templeton's personality, and a
shot of Stanford spirits. Cook and serve at either Philadelphia or Los
Angeles and the result will be a beautiful victory cake. The recipe can
be used and served to anyone who has a particular appetite for clean
athletics.
Take a good-sized track team, and mix it with a large portion of
California weather. Add flavor of Dink Templeton's personality, and a
shot of Stanford spirits. Cook and serve at either Philadelphia or Los
Angeles and the result will be a beautiful victory cake. The recipe can
be used and served to anyone who has a particular appetite for clean
athletics.
Take a good-sized track team, and mix it with a large portion of
California weather. Add flavor of Dink Templeton's personality, and a
shot of Stanford spirits. Cook and serve at either Philadelphia or Los
Angeles and the result will be a beautiful victory cake. The recipe can
be used and served to anyone who has a particular appetite for clean
athletics.
Take a good-sized track team, and mix it with a large portion of
California weather. Add flavor of Dink Templeton's personality, and a
shot of Stanford spirits. Cook and serve at either Philadelphia or Los
Angeles and the result will be a beautiful victory cake. The recipe can
be used and served to anyone who has a particular appetite for clean
athletics.
Take a good-sized track team, and mix it with a large portion of
California weather. Add flavor of Dink Templeton's personality, and a
shot of Stanford spirits. Cook and serve at either Philadelphia or Los
Angeles and the result will be a beautiful victory cake. The recipe can
be used and served to anyone who has a particular appetite for clean
athletics.
Take a good-sized track team, and mix it with a large portion of
California weather. Add flavor of Dink Templeton's personality, and a
shot of Stanford spirits. Cook and serve at either Philadelphia or Los
Angeles and the result will be a beautiful victory cake. The recipe can
be used and served to anyone who has a particular appetite for clean
athletics.
Take a good-sized track team, and mix it with a large portion of
California weather. Add flavor of Dink Templeton's personality, and a
shot of Stanford spirits. Cook and serve at either Philadelphia or Los
Angeles and the result will be a beautiful victory cake. The recipe can
be used and served to anyone who has a particular appetite for clean
athletics.
