# LAST CHAPARRAL OF YEAR WILL FEATURE 'CREDO'OF STANFORD
## 
### 
"That the names carved on the
tables of the Union Store will he of
great interest to future generations"
is one of many local student beliefs
listed in "The Stanford Credo," a full
page feature of Chaparral's last issue
of the year, which goes on sale next
Friday. "That there are no shades on
the windows of Encina Hall" is an
other of the tenets set forth.
"The Credo is the best piece of
literary work published by Chaparral
1 his year," said Winston Norman,
editor. "It was compiled by Ralph Mc-
Call, James Tucker, and Marshall
Somerville after the manner of Nathan,
and contains more than five dozen
smile-provoking paragraphs of Stan
ford Student beliefs. The Credo does
not deny or defend any of the state
ments. It merely sets them down â€”and
the result is a very amusing satire.
Nothing like it has ever been done
here."
Ted Krough, '29, who designed the
cover for the April "Track Number,"
contributes a full-page drawing upon
the subject of the "Floating Univer
sity." Another art feature is a pseudo
woodcut by "Link" Malmquist, '29.
There are verses by Helen Stanford,
'28, and Marian Farr, '28.
