# INTERSCHOLASTIC BOARD SELECTS NEW OFFICERS
## E.P. Campbell Elected Presidentâ€” Behrens and Hamilton Will Serve as Vice-President and Secretary 
### 
E. P. Campbell, '13, captain of the
victorias track team in the recent
intercollegiate meet with California,
was chosen president of the Stanford
Interscholastic Association 011 Satur
day, when the annual election of offi
cers of that organization was held.
He will succeed E. F. Kern, '13, who
has served during the past year. E. C.
Behrens, '14, the retiring secretary,
was named vice-president and F. C.
Hamilton, '15, secretary. Doctor F.
Angell is to continue as Faculty direc
tor and treasurer of the Association.
With the election of officers for the
ensuing semester the Board of Gov
ernors formally concluded its labors
for the present season. The vacancies
which will l)o created by graduation of
several of the men on the Board are to
lie filled at the commencement of the
fall semester.
E. P. Campbell, '13, captain of the
victorias track team in the recent
intercollegiate meet with California,
was chosen president of the Stanford
Interscholastic Association 011 Satur
day, when the annual election of offi
cers of that organization was held.
He will succeed E. F. Kern, '13, who
has served during the past year. E. C.
Behrens, '14, the retiring secretary,
was named vice-president and F. C.
Hamilton, '15, secretary. Doctor F.
Angell is to continue as Faculty direc
tor and treasurer of the Association.
With the election of officers for the
ensuing semester the Board of Gov
ernors formally concluded its labors
for the present season. The vacancies
which will l)o created by graduation of
several of the men on the Board are to
lie filled at the commencement of the
fall semester.
E. P. Campbell, '13, captain of the
victorias track team in the recent
intercollegiate meet with California,
was chosen president of the Stanford
Interscholastic Association 011 Satur
day, when the annual election of offi
cers of that organization was held.
He will succeed E. F. Kern, '13, who
has served during the past year. E. C.
Behrens, '14, the retiring secretary,
was named vice-president and F. C.
Hamilton, '15, secretary. Doctor F.
Angell is to continue as Faculty direc
tor and treasurer of the Association.
With the election of officers for the
ensuing semester the Board of Gov
ernors formally concluded its labors
for the present season. The vacancies
which will l)o created by graduation of
several of the men on the Board are to
lie filled at the commencement of the
fall semester.
E. P. Campbell, '13, captain of the
victorias track team in the recent
intercollegiate meet with California,
was chosen president of the Stanford
Interscholastic Association 011 Satur
day, when the annual election of offi
cers of that organization was held.
He will succeed E. F. Kern, '13, who
has served during the past year. E. C.
Behrens, '14, the retiring secretary,
was named vice-president and F. C.
Hamilton, '15, secretary. Doctor F.
Angell is to continue as Faculty direc
tor and treasurer of the Association.
With the election of officers for the
ensuing semester the Board of Gov
ernors formally concluded its labors
for the present season. The vacancies
which will l)o created by graduation of
several of the men on the Board are to
lie filled at the commencement of the
fall semester.
E. P. Campbell, '13, captain of the
victorias track team in the recent
intercollegiate meet with California,
was chosen president of the Stanford
Interscholastic Association 011 Satur
day, when the annual election of offi
cers of that organization was held.
He will succeed E. F. Kern, '13, who
has served during the past year. E. C.
Behrens, '14, the retiring secretary,
was named vice-president and F. C.
Hamilton, '15, secretary. Doctor F.
Angell is to continue as Faculty direc
tor and treasurer of the Association.
With the election of officers for the
ensuing semester the Board of Gov
ernors formally concluded its labors
for the present season. The vacancies
which will l)o created by graduation of
several of the men on the Board are to
lie filled at the commencement of the
fall semester.
E. P. Campbell, '13, captain of the
victorias track team in the recent
intercollegiate meet with California,
was chosen president of the Stanford
Interscholastic Association 011 Satur
day, when the annual election of offi
cers of that organization was held.
He will succeed E. F. Kern, '13, who
has served during the past year. E. C.
Behrens, '14, the retiring secretary,
was named vice-president and F. C.
Hamilton, '15, secretary. Doctor F.
Angell is to continue as Faculty direc
tor and treasurer of the Association.
With the election of officers for the
ensuing semester the Board of Gov
ernors formally concluded its labors
for the present season. The vacancies
which will l)o created by graduation of
several of the men on the Board are to
lie filled at the commencement of the
fall semester.
E. P. Campbell, '13, captain of the
victorias track team in the recent
intercollegiate meet with California,
was chosen president of the Stanford
Interscholastic Association 011 Satur
day, when the annual election of offi
cers of that organization was held.
He will succeed E. F. Kern, '13, who
has served during the past year. E. C.
Behrens, '14, the retiring secretary,
was named vice-president and F. C.
Hamilton, '15, secretary. Doctor F.
Angell is to continue as Faculty direc
tor and treasurer of the Association.
With the election of officers for the
ensuing semester the Board of Gov
ernors formally concluded its labors
for the present season. The vacancies
which will l)o created by graduation of
several of the men on the Board are to
lie filled at the commencement of the
fall semester.
E. P. Campbell, '13, captain of the
victorias track team in the recent
intercollegiate meet with California,
was chosen president of the Stanford
Interscholastic Association 011 Satur
day, when the annual election of offi
cers of that organization was held.
He will succeed E. F. Kern, '13, who
has served during the past year. E. C.
Behrens, '14, the retiring secretary,
was named vice-president and F. C.
Hamilton, '15, secretary. Doctor F.
Angell is to continue as Faculty direc
tor and treasurer of the Association.
With the election of officers for the
ensuing semester the Board of Gov
ernors formally concluded its labors
for the present season. The vacancies
which will l)o created by graduation of
several of the men on the Board are to
lie filled at the commencement of the
fall semester.
E. P. Campbell, '13, captain of the
victorias track team in the recent
intercollegiate meet with California,
was chosen president of the Stanford
Interscholastic Association 011 Satur
day, when the annual election of offi
cers of that organization was held.
He will succeed E. F. Kern, '13, who
has served during the past year. E. C.
Behrens, '14, the retiring secretary,
was named vice-president and F. C.
Hamilton, '15, secretary. Doctor F.
Angell is to continue as Faculty direc
tor and treasurer of the Association.
With the election of officers for the
ensuing semester the Board of Gov
ernors formally concluded its labors
for the present season. The vacancies
which will l)o created by graduation of
several of the men on the Board are to
lie filled at the commencement of the
fall semester.
E. P. Campbell, '13, captain of the
victorias track team in the recent
intercollegiate meet with California,
was chosen president of the Stanford
Interscholastic Association 011 Satur
day, when the annual election of offi
cers of that organization was held.
He will succeed E. F. Kern, '13, who
has served during the past year. E. C.
Behrens, '14, the retiring secretary,
was named vice-president and F. C.
Hamilton, '15, secretary. Doctor F.
Angell is to continue as Faculty direc
tor and treasurer of the Association.
With the election of officers for the
ensuing semester the Board of Gov
ernors formally concluded its labors
for the present season. The vacancies
which will l)o created by graduation of
several of the men on the Board are to
lie filled at the commencement of the
fall semester.
E. P. Campbell, '13, captain of the
victorias track team in the recent
intercollegiate meet with California,
was chosen president of the Stanford
Interscholastic Association 011 Satur
day, when the annual election of offi
cers of that organization was held.
He will succeed E. F. Kern, '13, who
has served during the past year. E. C.
Behrens, '14, the retiring secretary,
was named vice-president and F. C.
Hamilton, '15, secretary. Doctor F.
Angell is to continue as Faculty direc
tor and treasurer of the Association.
With the election of officers for the
ensuing semester the Board of Gov
ernors formally concluded its labors
for the present season. The vacancies
which will l)o created by graduation of
several of the men on the Board are to
lie filled at the commencement of the
fall semester.
E. P. Campbell, '13, captain of the
victorias track team in the recent
intercollegiate meet with California,
was chosen president of the Stanford
Interscholastic Association 011 Satur
day, when the annual election of offi
cers of that organization was held.
He will succeed E. F. Kern, '13, who
has served during the past year. E. C.
Behrens, '14, the retiring secretary,
was named vice-president and F. C.
Hamilton, '15, secretary. Doctor F.
Angell is to continue as Faculty direc
tor and treasurer of the Association.
With the election of officers for the
ensuing semester the Board of Gov
ernors formally concluded its labors
for the present season. The vacancies
which will l)o created by graduation of
several of the men on the Board are to
lie filled at the commencement of the
fall semester.
E. P. Campbell, '13, captain of the
victorias track team in the recent
intercollegiate meet with California,
was chosen president of the Stanford
Interscholastic Association 011 Satur
day, when the annual election of offi
cers of that organization was held.
He will succeed E. F. Kern, '13, who
has served during the past year. E. C.
Behrens, '14, the retiring secretary,
was named vice-president and F. C.
Hamilton, '15, secretary. Doctor F.
Angell is to continue as Faculty direc
tor and treasurer of the Association.
With the election of officers for the
ensuing semester the Board of Gov
ernors formally concluded its labors
for the present season. The vacancies
which will l)o created by graduation of
several of the men on the Board are to
lie filled at the commencement of the
fall semester.
E. P. Campbell, '13, captain of the
victorias track team in the recent
intercollegiate meet with California,
was chosen president of the Stanford
Interscholastic Association 011 Satur
day, when the annual election of offi
cers of that organization was held.
He will succeed E. F. Kern, '13, who
has served during the past year. E. C.
Behrens, '14, the retiring secretary,
was named vice-president and F. C.
Hamilton, '15, secretary. Doctor F.
Angell is to continue as Faculty direc
tor and treasurer of the Association.
With the election of officers for the
ensuing semester the Board of Gov
ernors formally concluded its labors
for the present season. The vacancies
which will l)o created by graduation of
several of the men on the Board are to
lie filled at the commencement of the
fall semester.
