# Hygiene Class to Take Trips.
## 
### 
Preparations are being made for
several inspection trips to the city
for the Hygiene 3b and 4b classes
by Dr. W. F. Snow, of the Hygiene
department. These trips will be tak
en by the classes within the next
three weeks. The most important
places of inspection will be the Quar
antine Station at Angel Island, San
Francisco Hoard of Health and a
number of manufacturing establish
ments.
Preparations are being made for
several inspection trips to the city
for the Hygiene 3b and 4b classes
by Dr. W. F. Snow, of the Hygiene
department. These trips will be tak
en by the classes within the next
three weeks. The most important
places of inspection will be the Quar
antine Station at Angel Island, San
Francisco Hoard of Health and a
number of manufacturing establish
ments.
Preparations are being made for
several inspection trips to the city
for the Hygiene 3b and 4b classes
by Dr. W. F. Snow, of the Hygiene
department. These trips will be tak
en by the classes within the next
three weeks. The most important
places of inspection will be the Quar
antine Station at Angel Island, San
Francisco Hoard of Health and a
number of manufacturing establish
ments.
Preparations are being made for
several inspection trips to the city
for the Hygiene 3b and 4b classes
by Dr. W. F. Snow, of the Hygiene
department. These trips will be tak
en by the classes within the next
three weeks. The most important
places of inspection will be the Quar
antine Station at Angel Island, San
Francisco Hoard of Health and a
number of manufacturing establish
ments.
Preparations are being made for
several inspection trips to the city
for the Hygiene 3b and 4b classes
by Dr. W. F. Snow, of the Hygiene
department. These trips will be tak
en by the classes within the next
three weeks. The most important
places of inspection will be the Quar
antine Station at Angel Island, San
Francisco Hoard of Health and a
number of manufacturing establish
ments.
Preparations are being made for
several inspection trips to the city
for the Hygiene 3b and 4b classes
by Dr. W. F. Snow, of the Hygiene
department. These trips will be tak
en by the classes within the next
three weeks. The most important
places of inspection will be the Quar
antine Station at Angel Island, San
Francisco Hoard of Health and a
number of manufacturing establish
ments.
Preparations are being made for
several inspection trips to the city
for the Hygiene 3b and 4b classes
by Dr. W. F. Snow, of the Hygiene
department. These trips will be tak
en by the classes within the next
three weeks. The most important
places of inspection will be the Quar
antine Station at Angel Island, San
Francisco Hoard of Health and a
number of manufacturing establish
ments.
Preparations are being made for
several inspection trips to the city
for the Hygiene 3b and 4b classes
by Dr. W. F. Snow, of the Hygiene
department. These trips will be tak
en by the classes within the next
three weeks. The most important
places of inspection will be the Quar
antine Station at Angel Island, San
Francisco Hoard of Health and a
number of manufacturing establish
ments.
Preparations are being made for
several inspection trips to the city
for the Hygiene 3b and 4b classes
by Dr. W. F. Snow, of the Hygiene
department. These trips will be tak
en by the classes within the next
three weeks. The most important
places of inspection will be the Quar
antine Station at Angel Island, San
Francisco Hoard of Health and a
number of manufacturing establish
ments.
Preparations are being made for
several inspection trips to the city
for the Hygiene 3b and 4b classes
by Dr. W. F. Snow, of the Hygiene
department. These trips will be tak
en by the classes within the next
three weeks. The most important
places of inspection will be the Quar
antine Station at Angel Island, San
Francisco Hoard of Health and a
number of manufacturing establish
ments.
