# "Dynamite" Film Shown By Chemistry Fraternity
## 
### 
Tracing the use of dynamite and its
effect upon civilization shown by the
production, Dr. George Bell Frankfor
ter of the Chemistry department out
lined the history of explosives in con
nection with the film, "Dynamite—A
Basic Material of Modern Civilization,"
shown in the Little Theatre last night
by Alpha Chi Sigma, chemistry fra
ternity.
Tracing the use of dynamite and its
effect upon civilization shown by the
production, Dr. George Bell Frankfor
ter of the Chemistry department out
lined the history of explosives in con
nection with the film, "Dynamite—A
Basic Material of Modern Civilization,"
shown in the Little Theatre last night
by Alpha Chi Sigma, chemistry fra
ternity.
Tracing the use of dynamite and its
effect upon civilization shown by the
production, Dr. George Bell Frankfor
ter of the Chemistry department out
lined the history of explosives in con
nection with the film, "Dynamite—A
Basic Material of Modern Civilization,"
shown in the Little Theatre last night
by Alpha Chi Sigma, chemistry fra
ternity.
Tracing the use of dynamite and its
effect upon civilization shown by the
production, Dr. George Bell Frankfor
ter of the Chemistry department out
lined the history of explosives in con
nection with the film, "Dynamite—A
Basic Material of Modern Civilization,"
shown in the Little Theatre last night
by Alpha Chi Sigma, chemistry fra
ternity.
Tracing the use of dynamite and its
effect upon civilization shown by the
production, Dr. George Bell Frankfor
ter of the Chemistry department out
lined the history of explosives in con
nection with the film, "Dynamite—A
Basic Material of Modern Civilization,"
shown in the Little Theatre last night
by Alpha Chi Sigma, chemistry fra
ternity.
Tracing the use of dynamite and its
effect upon civilization shown by the
production, Dr. George Bell Frankfor
ter of the Chemistry department out
lined the history of explosives in con
nection with the film, "Dynamite—A
Basic Material of Modern Civilization,"
shown in the Little Theatre last night
by Alpha Chi Sigma, chemistry fra
ternity.
Tracing the use of dynamite and its
effect upon civilization shown by the
production, Dr. George Bell Frankfor
ter of the Chemistry department out
lined the history of explosives in con
nection with the film, "Dynamite—A
Basic Material of Modern Civilization,"
shown in the Little Theatre last night
by Alpha Chi Sigma, chemistry fra
ternity.
Tracing the use of dynamite and its
effect upon civilization shown by the
production, Dr. George Bell Frankfor
ter of the Chemistry department out
lined the history of explosives in con
nection with the film, "Dynamite—A
Basic Material of Modern Civilization,"
shown in the Little Theatre last night
by Alpha Chi Sigma, chemistry fra
ternity.
Tracing the use of dynamite and its
effect upon civilization shown by the
production, Dr. George Bell Frankfor
ter of the Chemistry department out
lined the history of explosives in con
nection with the film, "Dynamite—A
Basic Material of Modern Civilization,"
shown in the Little Theatre last night
by Alpha Chi Sigma, chemistry fra
ternity.
Tracing the use of dynamite and its
effect upon civilization shown by the
production, Dr. George Bell Frankfor
ter of the Chemistry department out
lined the history of explosives in con
nection with the film, "Dynamite—A
Basic Material of Modern Civilization,"
shown in the Little Theatre last night
by Alpha Chi Sigma, chemistry fra
ternity.
Tracing the use of dynamite and its
effect upon civilization shown by the
production, Dr. George Bell Frankfor
ter of the Chemistry department out
lined the history of explosives in con
nection with the film, "Dynamite—A
Basic Material of Modern Civilization,"
shown in the Little Theatre last night
by Alpha Chi Sigma, chemistry fra
ternity.
Tracing the use of dynamite and its
effect upon civilization shown by the
production, Dr. George Bell Frankfor
ter of the Chemistry department out
lined the history of explosives in con
nection with the film, "Dynamite—A
Basic Material of Modern Civilization,"
shown in the Little Theatre last night
by Alpha Chi Sigma, chemistry fra
ternity.
Tracing the use of dynamite and its
effect upon civilization shown by the
production, Dr. George Bell Frankfor
ter of the Chemistry department out
lined the history of explosives in con
nection with the film, "Dynamite—A
Basic Material of Modern Civilization,"
shown in the Little Theatre last night
by Alpha Chi Sigma, chemistry fra
ternity.
Tracing the use of dynamite and its
effect upon civilization shown by the
production, Dr. George Bell Frankfor
ter of the Chemistry department out
lined the history of explosives in con
nection with the film, "Dynamite—A
Basic Material of Modern Civilization,"
shown in the Little Theatre last night
by Alpha Chi Sigma, chemistry fra
ternity.
