# ST. MARY'S DEFEATS VARSITY.
## Phoenix Nine Hits Theile Hard and Wins by a Score of 5 to 2. 
### 
For the second time this season,
St. Mary's took the Varsity into
camp this afternoon by a score of
5-2. Theile pitched good hall for
the first three innings and then
went up in the air and allowed the
Phoenix team to score five runs.
He was succeeded by Witmer, who
twirled a good game. O'Banion
and Hopkins pitched for St. Mary's
and held the Varsity down to four
scattered hits, including a two
bagger by Sampson. The score
follows:
R H E
Stanford 2 4 6
St. Mary's 5 7 6
Batteriesâ€”Thiele, Witmer and
Daily; O'Banion, Hopkins and
Poultney.
Stott was played in left field for
the first six innings and made two
errors. He was succeeded by Chal
mers. Sales was played in right.
