# COLLEGE ANTHOLOGY APPEALS FOR POEMS
## 
### 
Stanford students who wish to submit
poems for publication in this year's Col
lege Anthology are requested to send
their contributions, not later than May
15, to Dr. Henry T. Schittkind, the
Stratford Publishers, Boston. The Col
lege Anthology is a collection of the
best poems of'the year from the vari
ous colleges and universities of the
country. No prizes are offered, as in
clusions in the volume are strictly hon
orary, differing from the contest being
conducted by the Southern Methodist
University of Dallas, Texas. The poems
submitted may or may not have been
previously used in a college publication.
Stanford students who wish to submit
poems for publication in this year's Col
lege Anthology are requested to send
their contributions, not later than May
15, to Dr. Henry T. Schittkind, the
Stratford Publishers, Boston. The Col
lege Anthology is a collection of the
best poems of'the year from the vari
ous colleges and universities of the
country. No prizes are offered, as in
clusions in the volume are strictly hon
orary, differing from the contest being
conducted by the Southern Methodist
University of Dallas, Texas. The poems
submitted may or may not have been
previously used in a college publication.
Stanford students who wish to submit
poems for publication in this year's Col
lege Anthology are requested to send
their contributions, not later than May
15, to Dr. Henry T. Schittkind, the
Stratford Publishers, Boston. The Col
lege Anthology is a collection of the
best poems of'the year from the vari
ous colleges and universities of the
country. No prizes are offered, as in
clusions in the volume are strictly hon
orary, differing from the contest being
conducted by the Southern Methodist
University of Dallas, Texas. The poems
submitted may or may not have been
previously used in a college publication.
Stanford students who wish to submit
poems for publication in this year's Col
lege Anthology are requested to send
their contributions, not later than May
15, to Dr. Henry T. Schittkind, the
Stratford Publishers, Boston. The Col
lege Anthology is a collection of the
best poems of'the year from the vari
ous colleges and universities of the
country. No prizes are offered, as in
clusions in the volume are strictly hon
orary, differing from the contest being
conducted by the Southern Methodist
University of Dallas, Texas. The poems
submitted may or may not have been
previously used in a college publication.
Stanford students who wish to submit
poems for publication in this year's Col
lege Anthology are requested to send
their contributions, not later than May
15, to Dr. Henry T. Schittkind, the
Stratford Publishers, Boston. The Col
lege Anthology is a collection of the
best poems of'the year from the vari
ous colleges and universities of the
country. No prizes are offered, as in
clusions in the volume are strictly hon
orary, differing from the contest being
conducted by the Southern Methodist
University of Dallas, Texas. The poems
submitted may or may not have been
previously used in a college publication.
Stanford students who wish to submit
poems for publication in this year's Col
lege Anthology are requested to send
their contributions, not later than May
15, to Dr. Henry T. Schittkind, the
Stratford Publishers, Boston. The Col
lege Anthology is a collection of the
best poems of'the year from the vari
ous colleges and universities of the
country. No prizes are offered, as in
clusions in the volume are strictly hon
orary, differing from the contest being
conducted by the Southern Methodist
University of Dallas, Texas. The poems
submitted may or may not have been
previously used in a college publication.
Stanford students who wish to submit
poems for publication in this year's Col
lege Anthology are requested to send
their contributions, not later than May
15, to Dr. Henry T. Schittkind, the
Stratford Publishers, Boston. The Col
lege Anthology is a collection of the
best poems of'the year from the vari
ous colleges and universities of the
country. No prizes are offered, as in
clusions in the volume are strictly hon
orary, differing from the contest being
conducted by the Southern Methodist
University of Dallas, Texas. The poems
submitted may or may not have been
previously used in a college publication.
Stanford students who wish to submit
poems for publication in this year's Col
lege Anthology are requested to send
their contributions, not later than May
15, to Dr. Henry T. Schittkind, the
Stratford Publishers, Boston. The Col
lege Anthology is a collection of the
best poems of'the year from the vari
ous colleges and universities of the
country. No prizes are offered, as in
clusions in the volume are strictly hon
orary, differing from the contest being
conducted by the Southern Methodist
University of Dallas, Texas. The poems
submitted may or may not have been
previously used in a college publication.
Stanford students who wish to submit
poems for publication in this year's Col
lege Anthology are requested to send
their contributions, not later than May
15, to Dr. Henry T. Schittkind, the
Stratford Publishers, Boston. The Col
lege Anthology is a collection of the
best poems of'the year from the vari
ous colleges and universities of the
country. No prizes are offered, as in
clusions in the volume are strictly hon
orary, differing from the contest being
conducted by the Southern Methodist
University of Dallas, Texas. The poems
submitted may or may not have been
previously used in a college publication.
Stanford students who wish to submit
poems for publication in this year's Col
lege Anthology are requested to send
their contributions, not later than May
15, to Dr. Henry T. Schittkind, the
Stratford Publishers, Boston. The Col
lege Anthology is a collection of the
best poems of'the year from the vari
ous colleges and universities of the
country. No prizes are offered, as in
clusions in the volume are strictly hon
orary, differing from the contest being
conducted by the Southern Methodist
University of Dallas, Texas. The poems
submitted may or may not have been
previously used in a college publication.
Stanford students who wish to submit
poems for publication in this year's Col
lege Anthology are requested to send
their contributions, not later than May
15, to Dr. Henry T. Schittkind, the
Stratford Publishers, Boston. The Col
lege Anthology is a collection of the
best poems of'the year from the vari
ous colleges and universities of the
country. No prizes are offered, as in
clusions in the volume are strictly hon
orary, differing from the contest being
conducted by the Southern Methodist
University of Dallas, Texas. The poems
submitted may or may not have been
previously used in a college publication.
Stanford students who wish to submit
poems for publication in this year's Col
lege Anthology are requested to send
their contributions, not later than May
15, to Dr. Henry T. Schittkind, the
Stratford Publishers, Boston. The Col
lege Anthology is a collection of the
best poems of'the year from the vari
ous colleges and universities of the
country. No prizes are offered, as in
clusions in the volume are strictly hon
orary, differing from the contest being
conducted by the Southern Methodist
University of Dallas, Texas. The poems
submitted may or may not have been
previously used in a college publication.
Stanford students who wish to submit
poems for publication in this year's Col
lege Anthology are requested to send
their contributions, not later than May
15, to Dr. Henry T. Schittkind, the
Stratford Publishers, Boston. The Col
lege Anthology is a collection of the
best poems of'the year from the vari
ous colleges and universities of the
country. No prizes are offered, as in
clusions in the volume are strictly hon
orary, differing from the contest being
conducted by the Southern Methodist
University of Dallas, Texas. The poems
submitted may or may not have been
previously used in a college publication.
Stanford students who wish to submit
poems for publication in this year's Col
lege Anthology are requested to send
their contributions, not later than May
15, to Dr. Henry T. Schittkind, the
Stratford Publishers, Boston. The Col
lege Anthology is a collection of the
best poems of'the year from the vari
ous colleges and universities of the
country. No prizes are offered, as in
clusions in the volume are strictly hon
orary, differing from the contest being
conducted by the Southern Methodist
University of Dallas, Texas. The poems
submitted may or may not have been
previously used in a college publication.
