# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The Chairman of the 1922 Car
nival and President of Skull and
Snakes announce the following
statement:
In view of the fact that the Car
nival is held each year to send the
track team to the Intercollegiates,
and since the revenue of future
carnivals may mean the difference
between our participation in or
withdrawal from the Eastern com
petition, Skull and Snakes has vol
unteered the services of its mem
bers on Friday and Saturday nights
to aid in effacing as quickly as
possible any tendency toward dis
orderly conduct. Skull and Snakes
feels that a Carnival of thorough
orderly character is necessary to
track athletics, since this new
Stanford tradition will surely fall
if not conducted in the proper way,
and the society will therefore aid
in any manner that it may to help
in maintaining the function this
year along corrcct and more rea
sonable lines.
The Chairman of the 1922 Car
nival and President of Skull and
Snakes announce the following
statement:
In view of the fact that the Car
nival is held each year to send the
track team to the Intercollegiates,
and since the revenue of future
carnivals may mean the difference
between our participation in or
withdrawal from the Eastern com
petition, Skull and Snakes has vol
unteered the services of its mem
bers on Friday and Saturday nights
to aid in effacing as quickly as
possible any tendency toward dis
orderly conduct. Skull and Snakes
feels that a Carnival of thorough
orderly character is necessary to
track athletics, since this new
Stanford tradition will surely fall
if not conducted in the proper way,
and the society will therefore aid
in any manner that it may to help
in maintaining the function this
year along corrcct and more rea
sonable lines.
The Chairman of the 1922 Car
nival and President of Skull and
Snakes announce the following
statement:
In view of the fact that the Car
nival is held each year to send the
track team to the Intercollegiates,
and since the revenue of future
carnivals may mean the difference
between our participation in or
withdrawal from the Eastern com
petition, Skull and Snakes has vol
unteered the services of its mem
bers on Friday and Saturday nights
to aid in effacing as quickly as
possible any tendency toward dis
orderly conduct. Skull and Snakes
feels that a Carnival of thorough
orderly character is necessary to
track athletics, since this new
Stanford tradition will surely fall
if not conducted in the proper way,
and the society will therefore aid
in any manner that it may to help
in maintaining the function this
year along corrcct and more rea
sonable lines.
The Chairman of the 1922 Car
nival and President of Skull and
Snakes announce the following
statement:
In view of the fact that the Car
nival is held each year to send the
track team to the Intercollegiates,
and since the revenue of future
carnivals may mean the difference
between our participation in or
withdrawal from the Eastern com
petition, Skull and Snakes has vol
unteered the services of its mem
bers on Friday and Saturday nights
to aid in effacing as quickly as
possible any tendency toward dis
orderly conduct. Skull and Snakes
feels that a Carnival of thorough
orderly character is necessary to
track athletics, since this new
Stanford tradition will surely fall
if not conducted in the proper way,
and the society will therefore aid
in any manner that it may to help
in maintaining the function this
year along corrcct and more rea
sonable lines.
The Chairman of the 1922 Car
nival and President of Skull and
Snakes announce the following
statement:
In view of the fact that the Car
nival is held each year to send the
track team to the Intercollegiates,
and since the revenue of future
carnivals may mean the difference
between our participation in or
withdrawal from the Eastern com
petition, Skull and Snakes has vol
unteered the services of its mem
bers on Friday and Saturday nights
to aid in effacing as quickly as
possible any tendency toward dis
orderly conduct. Skull and Snakes
feels that a Carnival of thorough
orderly character is necessary to
track athletics, since this new
Stanford tradition will surely fall
if not conducted in the proper way,
and the society will therefore aid
in any manner that it may to help
in maintaining the function this
year along corrcct and more rea
sonable lines.
The Chairman of the 1922 Car
nival and President of Skull and
Snakes announce the following
statement:
In view of the fact that the Car
nival is held each year to send the
track team to the Intercollegiates,
and since the revenue of future
carnivals may mean the difference
between our participation in or
withdrawal from the Eastern com
petition, Skull and Snakes has vol
unteered the services of its mem
bers on Friday and Saturday nights
to aid in effacing as quickly as
possible any tendency toward dis
orderly conduct. Skull and Snakes
feels that a Carnival of thorough
orderly character is necessary to
track athletics, since this new
Stanford tradition will surely fall
if not conducted in the proper way,
and the society will therefore aid
in any manner that it may to help
in maintaining the function this
year along corrcct and more rea
sonable lines.
The Chairman of the 1922 Car
nival and President of Skull and
Snakes announce the following
statement:
In view of the fact that the Car
nival is held each year to send the
track team to the Intercollegiates,
and since the revenue of future
carnivals may mean the difference
between our participation in or
withdrawal from the Eastern com
petition, Skull and Snakes has vol
unteered the services of its mem
bers on Friday and Saturday nights
to aid in effacing as quickly as
possible any tendency toward dis
orderly conduct. Skull and Snakes
feels that a Carnival of thorough
orderly character is necessary to
track athletics, since this new
Stanford tradition will surely fall
if not conducted in the proper way,
and the society will therefore aid
in any manner that it may to help
in maintaining the function this
year along corrcct and more rea
sonable lines.
The Chairman of the 1922 Car
nival and President of Skull and
Snakes announce the following
statement:
In view of the fact that the Car
nival is held each year to send the
track team to the Intercollegiates,
and since the revenue of future
carnivals may mean the difference
between our participation in or
withdrawal from the Eastern com
petition, Skull and Snakes has vol
unteered the services of its mem
bers on Friday and Saturday nights
to aid in effacing as quickly as
possible any tendency toward dis
orderly conduct. Skull and Snakes
feels that a Carnival of thorough
orderly character is necessary to
track athletics, since this new
Stanford tradition will surely fall
if not conducted in the proper way,
and the society will therefore aid
in any manner that it may to help
in maintaining the function this
year along corrcct and more rea
sonable lines.
The Chairman of the 1922 Car
nival and President of Skull and
Snakes announce the following
statement:
In view of the fact that the Car
nival is held each year to send the
track team to the Intercollegiates,
and since the revenue of future
carnivals may mean the difference
between our participation in or
withdrawal from the Eastern com
petition, Skull and Snakes has vol
unteered the services of its mem
bers on Friday and Saturday nights
to aid in effacing as quickly as
possible any tendency toward dis
orderly conduct. Skull and Snakes
feels that a Carnival of thorough
orderly character is necessary to
track athletics, since this new
Stanford tradition will surely fall
if not conducted in the proper way,
and the society will therefore aid
in any manner that it may to help
in maintaining the function this
year along corrcct and more rea
sonable lines.
The Chairman of the 1922 Car
nival and President of Skull and
Snakes announce the following
statement:
In view of the fact that the Car
nival is held each year to send the
track team to the Intercollegiates,
and since the revenue of future
carnivals may mean the difference
between our participation in or
withdrawal from the Eastern com
petition, Skull and Snakes has vol
unteered the services of its mem
bers on Friday and Saturday nights
to aid in effacing as quickly as
possible any tendency toward dis
orderly conduct. Skull and Snakes
feels that a Carnival of thorough
orderly character is necessary to
track athletics, since this new
Stanford tradition will surely fall
if not conducted in the proper way,
and the society will therefore aid
in any manner that it may to help
in maintaining the function this
year along corrcct and more rea
sonable lines.
The Chairman of the 1922 Car
nival and President of Skull and
Snakes announce the following
statement:
In view of the fact that the Car
nival is held each year to send the
track team to the Intercollegiates,
and since the revenue of future
carnivals may mean the difference
between our participation in or
withdrawal from the Eastern com
petition, Skull and Snakes has vol
unteered the services of its mem
bers on Friday and Saturday nights
to aid in effacing as quickly as
possible any tendency toward dis
orderly conduct. Skull and Snakes
feels that a Carnival of thorough
orderly character is necessary to
track athletics, since this new
Stanford tradition will surely fall
if not conducted in the proper way,
and the society will therefore aid
in any manner that it may to help
in maintaining the function this
year along corrcct and more rea
sonable lines.
The Chairman of the 1922 Car
nival and President of Skull and
Snakes announce the following
statement:
In view of the fact that the Car
nival is held each year to send the
track team to the Intercollegiates,
and since the revenue of future
carnivals may mean the difference
between our participation in or
withdrawal from the Eastern com
petition, Skull and Snakes has vol
unteered the services of its mem
bers on Friday and Saturday nights
to aid in effacing as quickly as
possible any tendency toward dis
orderly conduct. Skull and Snakes
feels that a Carnival of thorough
orderly character is necessary to
track athletics, since this new
Stanford tradition will surely fall
if not conducted in the proper way,
and the society will therefore aid
in any manner that it may to help
in maintaining the function this
year along corrcct and more rea
sonable lines.
The Chairman of the 1922 Car
nival and President of Skull and
Snakes announce the following
statement:
In view of the fact that the Car
nival is held each year to send the
track team to the Intercollegiates,
and since the revenue of future
carnivals may mean the difference
between our participation in or
withdrawal from the Eastern com
petition, Skull and Snakes has vol
unteered the services of its mem
bers on Friday and Saturday nights
to aid in effacing as quickly as
possible any tendency toward dis
orderly conduct. Skull and Snakes
feels that a Carnival of thorough
orderly character is necessary to
track athletics, since this new
Stanford tradition will surely fall
if not conducted in the proper way,
and the society will therefore aid
in any manner that it may to help
in maintaining the function this
year along corrcct and more rea
sonable lines.
The Chairman of the 1922 Car
nival and President of Skull and
Snakes announce the following
statement:
In view of the fact that the Car
nival is held each year to send the
track team to the Intercollegiates,
and since the revenue of future
carnivals may mean the difference
between our participation in or
withdrawal from the Eastern com
petition, Skull and Snakes has vol
unteered the services of its mem
bers on Friday and Saturday nights
to aid in effacing as quickly as
possible any tendency toward dis
orderly conduct. Skull and Snakes
feels that a Carnival of thorough
orderly character is necessary to
track athletics, since this new
Stanford tradition will surely fall
if not conducted in the proper way,
and the society will therefore aid
in any manner that it may to help
in maintaining the function this
year along corrcct and more rea
sonable lines.
