# WASHINGTON COLLEGE TO HAVE GOLF COURSE
## 
### 
WASHINGTON STATE COLLEGE
(P. I. N. S.—lf golf enthusiasts have
their way, the sport may take its place
among the minor sports at Washington
State this spring. The "two-hole
course" on Rogers field has proven in
adequate and arrangements are being
made by Physical Director J. F. Bohler
whereby students may join the local
golf club at reduced membership fees.
If enough interest is shown matches
will be scheduled this spring.
WASHINGTON STATE COLLEGE
(P. I. N. S.—lf golf enthusiasts have
their way, the sport may take its place
among the minor sports at Washington
State this spring. The "two-hole
course" on Rogers field has proven in
adequate and arrangements are being
made by Physical Director J. F. Bohler
whereby students may join the local
golf club at reduced membership fees.
If enough interest is shown matches
will be scheduled this spring.
WASHINGTON STATE COLLEGE
(P. I. N. S.—lf golf enthusiasts have
their way, the sport may take its place
among the minor sports at Washington
State this spring. The "two-hole
course" on Rogers field has proven in
adequate and arrangements are being
made by Physical Director J. F. Bohler
whereby students may join the local
golf club at reduced membership fees.
If enough interest is shown matches
will be scheduled this spring.
WASHINGTON STATE COLLEGE
(P. I. N. S.—lf golf enthusiasts have
their way, the sport may take its place
among the minor sports at Washington
State this spring. The "two-hole
course" on Rogers field has proven in
adequate and arrangements are being
made by Physical Director J. F. Bohler
whereby students may join the local
golf club at reduced membership fees.
If enough interest is shown matches
will be scheduled this spring.
WASHINGTON STATE COLLEGE
(P. I. N. S.—lf golf enthusiasts have
their way, the sport may take its place
among the minor sports at Washington
State this spring. The "two-hole
course" on Rogers field has proven in
adequate and arrangements are being
made by Physical Director J. F. Bohler
whereby students may join the local
golf club at reduced membership fees.
If enough interest is shown matches
will be scheduled this spring.
WASHINGTON STATE COLLEGE
(P. I. N. S.—lf golf enthusiasts have
their way, the sport may take its place
among the minor sports at Washington
State this spring. The "two-hole
course" on Rogers field has proven in
adequate and arrangements are being
made by Physical Director J. F. Bohler
whereby students may join the local
golf club at reduced membership fees.
If enough interest is shown matches
will be scheduled this spring.
WASHINGTON STATE COLLEGE
(P. I. N. S.—lf golf enthusiasts have
their way, the sport may take its place
among the minor sports at Washington
State this spring. The "two-hole
course" on Rogers field has proven in
adequate and arrangements are being
made by Physical Director J. F. Bohler
whereby students may join the local
golf club at reduced membership fees.
If enough interest is shown matches
will be scheduled this spring.
WASHINGTON STATE COLLEGE
(P. I. N. S.—lf golf enthusiasts have
their way, the sport may take its place
among the minor sports at Washington
State this spring. The "two-hole
course" on Rogers field has proven in
adequate and arrangements are being
made by Physical Director J. F. Bohler
whereby students may join the local
golf club at reduced membership fees.
If enough interest is shown matches
will be scheduled this spring.
WASHINGTON STATE COLLEGE
(P. I. N. S.—lf golf enthusiasts have
their way, the sport may take its place
among the minor sports at Washington
State this spring. The "two-hole
course" on Rogers field has proven in
adequate and arrangements are being
made by Physical Director J. F. Bohler
whereby students may join the local
golf club at reduced membership fees.
If enough interest is shown matches
will be scheduled this spring.
WASHINGTON STATE COLLEGE
(P. I. N. S.—lf golf enthusiasts have
their way, the sport may take its place
among the minor sports at Washington
State this spring. The "two-hole
course" on Rogers field has proven in
adequate and arrangements are being
made by Physical Director J. F. Bohler
whereby students may join the local
golf club at reduced membership fees.
If enough interest is shown matches
will be scheduled this spring.
WASHINGTON STATE COLLEGE
(P. I. N. S.—lf golf enthusiasts have
their way, the sport may take its place
among the minor sports at Washington
State this spring. The "two-hole
course" on Rogers field has proven in
adequate and arrangements are being
made by Physical Director J. F. Bohler
whereby students may join the local
golf club at reduced membership fees.
If enough interest is shown matches
will be scheduled this spring.
WASHINGTON STATE COLLEGE
(P. I. N. S.—lf golf enthusiasts have
their way, the sport may take its place
among the minor sports at Washington
State this spring. The "two-hole
course" on Rogers field has proven in
adequate and arrangements are being
made by Physical Director J. F. Bohler
whereby students may join the local
golf club at reduced membership fees.
If enough interest is shown matches
will be scheduled this spring.
WASHINGTON STATE COLLEGE
(P. I. N. S.—lf golf enthusiasts have
their way, the sport may take its place
among the minor sports at Washington
State this spring. The "two-hole
course" on Rogers field has proven in
adequate and arrangements are being
made by Physical Director J. F. Bohler
whereby students may join the local
golf club at reduced membership fees.
If enough interest is shown matches
will be scheduled this spring.
WASHINGTON STATE COLLEGE
(P. I. N. S.—lf golf enthusiasts have
their way, the sport may take its place
among the minor sports at Washington
State this spring. The "two-hole
course" on Rogers field has proven in
adequate and arrangements are being
made by Physical Director J. F. Bohler
whereby students may join the local
golf club at reduced membership fees.
If enough interest is shown matches
will be scheduled this spring.
