# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
♦ i
■
i
■
■
■
i
■
■
■
*
t
By now, one would
think, just about
everybody on campus
would be wired in
on R/A’s justly famed
Super/Charge plan.
Certainly, the best
dressed are. But for
those few who may
not yet be members
here, again, is the
word. Theß/AS/Cis
the system with which
you buy what you
need, when you need
it, and take a long,
long time to pay, like
up to 12 mo. on
modest monthly in
stallments. Get with
it!
roos/atkins
i
■
■
■
I
■
■
■
■
■
1
11
I
*
♦ i
■
i
■
■
■
i
■
■
■
*
t
By now, one would
think, just about
everybody on campus
would be wired in
on R/A’s justly famed
Super/Charge plan.
Certainly, the best
dressed are. But for
those few who may
not yet be members
here, again, is the
word. Theß/AS/Cis
the system with which
you buy what you
need, when you need
it, and take a long,
long time to pay, like
up to 12 mo. on
modest monthly in
stallments. Get with
it!
roos/atkins
i
■
■
■
I
■
■
■
■
■
1
11
I
*
♦ i
■
i
■
■
■
i
■
■
■
*
t
By now, one would
think, just about
everybody on campus
would be wired in
on R/A’s justly famed
Super/Charge plan.
Certainly, the best
dressed are. But for
those few who may
not yet be members
here, again, is the
word. Theß/AS/Cis
the system with which
you buy what you
need, when you need
it, and take a long,
long time to pay, like
up to 12 mo. on
modest monthly in
stallments. Get with
it!
roos/atkins
i
■
■
■
I
■
■
■
■
■
1
11
I
*
♦ i
■
i
■
■
■
i
■
■
■
*
t
By now, one would
think, just about
everybody on campus
would be wired in
on R/A’s justly famed
Super/Charge plan.
Certainly, the best
dressed are. But for
those few who may
not yet be members
here, again, is the
word. Theß/AS/Cis
the system with which
you buy what you
need, when you need
it, and take a long,
long time to pay, like
up to 12 mo. on
modest monthly in
stallments. Get with
it!
roos/atkins
i
■
■
■
I
■
■
■
■
■
1
11
I
*
♦ i
■
i
■
■
■
i
■
■
■
*
t
By now, one would
think, just about
everybody on campus
would be wired in
on R/A’s justly famed
Super/Charge plan.
Certainly, the best
dressed are. But for
those few who may
not yet be members
here, again, is the
word. Theß/AS/Cis
the system with which
you buy what you
need, when you need
it, and take a long,
long time to pay, like
up to 12 mo. on
modest monthly in
stallments. Get with
it!
roos/atkins
i
■
■
■
I
■
■
■
■
■
1
11
I
*
♦ i
■
i
■
■
■
i
■
■
■
*
t
By now, one would
think, just about
everybody on campus
would be wired in
on R/A’s justly famed
Super/Charge plan.
Certainly, the best
dressed are. But for
those few who may
not yet be members
here, again, is the
word. Theß/AS/Cis
the system with which
you buy what you
need, when you need
it, and take a long,
long time to pay, like
up to 12 mo. on
modest monthly in
stallments. Get with
it!
roos/atkins
i
■
■
■
I
■
■
■
■
■
1
11
I
*
♦ i
■
i
■
■
■
i
■
■
■
*
t
By now, one would
think, just about
everybody on campus
would be wired in
on R/A’s justly famed
Super/Charge plan.
Certainly, the best
dressed are. But for
those few who may
not yet be members
here, again, is the
word. Theß/AS/Cis
the system with which
you buy what you
need, when you need
it, and take a long,
long time to pay, like
up to 12 mo. on
modest monthly in
stallments. Get with
it!
roos/atkins
i
■
■
■
I
■
■
■
■
■
1
11
I
*
♦ i
■
i
■
■
■
i
■
■
■
*
t
By now, one would
think, just about
everybody on campus
would be wired in
on R/A’s justly famed
Super/Charge plan.
Certainly, the best
dressed are. But for
those few who may
not yet be members
here, again, is the
word. Theß/AS/Cis
the system with which
you buy what you
need, when you need
it, and take a long,
long time to pay, like
up to 12 mo. on
modest monthly in
stallments. Get with
it!
roos/atkins
i
■
■
■
I
■
■
■
■
■
1
11
I
*
♦ i
■
i
■
■
■
i
■
■
■
*
t
By now, one would
think, just about
everybody on campus
would be wired in
on R/A’s justly famed
Super/Charge plan.
Certainly, the best
dressed are. But for
those few who may
not yet be members
here, again, is the
word. Theß/AS/Cis
the system with which
you buy what you
need, when you need
it, and take a long,
long time to pay, like
up to 12 mo. on
modest monthly in
stallments. Get with
it!
roos/atkins
i
■
■
■
I
■
■
■
■
■
1
11
I
*
♦ i
■
i
■
■
■
i
■
■
■
*
t
By now, one would
think, just about
everybody on campus
would be wired in
on R/A’s justly famed
Super/Charge plan.
Certainly, the best
dressed are. But for
those few who may
not yet be members
here, again, is the
word. Theß/AS/Cis
the system with which
you buy what you
need, when you need
it, and take a long,
long time to pay, like
up to 12 mo. on
modest monthly in
stallments. Get with
it!
roos/atkins
i
■
■
■
I
■
■
■
■
■
1
11
I
*
♦ i
■
i
■
■
■
i
■
■
■
*
t
By now, one would
think, just about
everybody on campus
would be wired in
on R/A’s justly famed
Super/Charge plan.
Certainly, the best
dressed are. But for
those few who may
not yet be members
here, again, is the
word. Theß/AS/Cis
the system with which
you buy what you
need, when you need
it, and take a long,
long time to pay, like
up to 12 mo. on
modest monthly in
stallments. Get with
it!
roos/atkins
i
■
■
■
I
■
■
■
■
■
1
11
I
*
♦ i
■
i
■
■
■
i
■
■
■
*
t
By now, one would
think, just about
everybody on campus
would be wired in
on R/A’s justly famed
Super/Charge plan.
Certainly, the best
dressed are. But for
those few who may
not yet be members
here, again, is the
word. Theß/AS/Cis
the system with which
you buy what you
need, when you need
it, and take a long,
long time to pay, like
up to 12 mo. on
modest monthly in
stallments. Get with
it!
roos/atkins
i
■
■
■
I
■
■
■
■
■
1
11
I
*
♦ i
■
i
■
■
■
i
■
■
■
*
t
By now, one would
think, just about
everybody on campus
would be wired in
on R/A’s justly famed
Super/Charge plan.
Certainly, the best
dressed are. But for
those few who may
not yet be members
here, again, is the
word. Theß/AS/Cis
the system with which
you buy what you
need, when you need
it, and take a long,
long time to pay, like
up to 12 mo. on
modest monthly in
stallments. Get with
it!
roos/atkins
i
■
■
■
I
■
■
■
■
■
1
11
I
*
♦ i
■
i
■
■
■
i
■
■
■
*
t
By now, one would
think, just about
everybody on campus
would be wired in
on R/A’s justly famed
Super/Charge plan.
Certainly, the best
dressed are. But for
those few who may
not yet be members
here, again, is the
word. Theß/AS/Cis
the system with which
you buy what you
need, when you need
it, and take a long,
long time to pay, like
up to 12 mo. on
modest monthly in
stallments. Get with
it!
roos/atkins
i
■
■
■
I
■
■
■
■
■
1
11
I
*
