# Hardy Brothers Retain Championship
## 
### 
Stanford and Berkeley, through
their two crack tennis players, S.
P. Hardy, Stanford '02, and Sum
ner Hardy, IJ. C. '01, in a highly
skillful and interesting match at
Del Monte on Saturday last, saved
the tennis championship of the
Pacific Coast from a number of
speedy Eastern cracks, and re
tained for the Hardy brothers their
previously earned championship
honors.
The match is reported as a bril
liant one. It was very close through
out. The California men won the
first set, 8-6. This put the East
erners, Whitman and Wright, on
their mettle, and they fought hard
for the next set, but again the men
from Stanford and Berkeley carried
off the palm with the score 6-3.
The third set the Californians won
easily, Stanford's Sam taking the
last game with a beautiful smash,
making the score of this set 6-3.
Stanford and Berkeley, through
their two crack tennis players, S.
P. Hardy, Stanford '02, and Sum
ner Hardy, IJ. C. '01, in a highly
skillful and interesting match at
Del Monte on Saturday last, saved
the tennis championship of the
Pacific Coast from a number of
speedy Eastern cracks, and re
tained for the Hardy brothers their
previously earned championship
honors.
The match is reported as a bril
liant one. It was very close through
out. The California men won the
first set, 8-6. This put the East
erners, Whitman and Wright, on
their mettle, and they fought hard
for the next set, but again the men
from Stanford and Berkeley carried
off the palm with the score 6-3.
The third set the Californians won
easily, Stanford's Sam taking the
last game with a beautiful smash,
making the score of this set 6-3.
Stanford and Berkeley, through
their two crack tennis players, S.
P. Hardy, Stanford '02, and Sum
ner Hardy, IJ. C. '01, in a highly
skillful and interesting match at
Del Monte on Saturday last, saved
the tennis championship of the
Pacific Coast from a number of
speedy Eastern cracks, and re
tained for the Hardy brothers their
previously earned championship
honors.
The match is reported as a bril
liant one. It was very close through
out. The California men won the
first set, 8-6. This put the East
erners, Whitman and Wright, on
their mettle, and they fought hard
for the next set, but again the men
from Stanford and Berkeley carried
off the palm with the score 6-3.
The third set the Californians won
easily, Stanford's Sam taking the
last game with a beautiful smash,
making the score of this set 6-3.
Stanford and Berkeley, through
their two crack tennis players, S.
P. Hardy, Stanford '02, and Sum
ner Hardy, IJ. C. '01, in a highly
skillful and interesting match at
Del Monte on Saturday last, saved
the tennis championship of the
Pacific Coast from a number of
speedy Eastern cracks, and re
tained for the Hardy brothers their
previously earned championship
honors.
The match is reported as a bril
liant one. It was very close through
out. The California men won the
first set, 8-6. This put the East
erners, Whitman and Wright, on
their mettle, and they fought hard
for the next set, but again the men
from Stanford and Berkeley carried
off the palm with the score 6-3.
The third set the Californians won
easily, Stanford's Sam taking the
last game with a beautiful smash,
making the score of this set 6-3.
Stanford and Berkeley, through
their two crack tennis players, S.
P. Hardy, Stanford '02, and Sum
ner Hardy, IJ. C. '01, in a highly
skillful and interesting match at
Del Monte on Saturday last, saved
the tennis championship of the
Pacific Coast from a number of
speedy Eastern cracks, and re
tained for the Hardy brothers their
previously earned championship
honors.
The match is reported as a bril
liant one. It was very close through
out. The California men won the
first set, 8-6. This put the East
erners, Whitman and Wright, on
their mettle, and they fought hard
for the next set, but again the men
from Stanford and Berkeley carried
off the palm with the score 6-3.
The third set the Californians won
easily, Stanford's Sam taking the
last game with a beautiful smash,
making the score of this set 6-3.
Stanford and Berkeley, through
their two crack tennis players, S.
P. Hardy, Stanford '02, and Sum
ner Hardy, IJ. C. '01, in a highly
skillful and interesting match at
Del Monte on Saturday last, saved
the tennis championship of the
Pacific Coast from a number of
speedy Eastern cracks, and re
tained for the Hardy brothers their
previously earned championship
honors.
The match is reported as a bril
liant one. It was very close through
out. The California men won the
first set, 8-6. This put the East
erners, Whitman and Wright, on
their mettle, and they fought hard
for the next set, but again the men
from Stanford and Berkeley carried
off the palm with the score 6-3.
The third set the Californians won
easily, Stanford's Sam taking the
last game with a beautiful smash,
making the score of this set 6-3.
