# Adv. 22 Page 12
## 
### 
I can a
coach
v •
_ I can
dance
miFimriliiiriW
The truth is, a little of your time can make a lifetime of
difference. Because kids with something to do are less
likely to do drugs. You can help. For more information on
drug prevention programs in your community, call or visit:
I can a
coach
v •
_ I can
dance
miFimriliiiriW
The truth is, a little of your time can make a lifetime of
difference. Because kids with something to do are less
likely to do drugs. You can help. For more information on
drug prevention programs in your community, call or visit:
I can a
coach
v •
_ I can
dance
miFimriliiiriW
The truth is, a little of your time can make a lifetime of
difference. Because kids with something to do are less
likely to do drugs. You can help. For more information on
drug prevention programs in your community, call or visit:
I can a
coach
v •
_ I can
dance
miFimriliiiriW
The truth is, a little of your time can make a lifetime of
difference. Because kids with something to do are less
likely to do drugs. You can help. For more information on
drug prevention programs in your community, call or visit:
I can a
coach
v •
_ I can
dance
miFimriliiiriW
The truth is, a little of your time can make a lifetime of
difference. Because kids with something to do are less
likely to do drugs. You can help. For more information on
drug prevention programs in your community, call or visit:
I can a
coach
v •
_ I can
dance
miFimriliiiriW
The truth is, a little of your time can make a lifetime of
difference. Because kids with something to do are less
likely to do drugs. You can help. For more information on
drug prevention programs in your community, call or visit:
I can a
coach
v •
_ I can
dance
miFimriliiiriW
The truth is, a little of your time can make a lifetime of
difference. Because kids with something to do are less
likely to do drugs. You can help. For more information on
drug prevention programs in your community, call or visit:
I can a
coach
v •
_ I can
dance
miFimriliiiriW
The truth is, a little of your time can make a lifetime of
difference. Because kids with something to do are less
likely to do drugs. You can help. For more information on
drug prevention programs in your community, call or visit:
I can a
coach
v •
_ I can
dance
miFimriliiiriW
The truth is, a little of your time can make a lifetime of
difference. Because kids with something to do are less
likely to do drugs. You can help. For more information on
drug prevention programs in your community, call or visit:
