# Stanford Band to Play in Parade on Memorial Day
## 
### 
The Stanford band will play in the
Memorial Day parade in Palo Alto at
9:30 Saturday moraing and at the
exercises in the Community House at
10:30.

Thin is one of the last public ap
pearances of the band this quarter.
Members of the Stanford Military
department will also take part in the
parade.
The Stanford band will play in the
Memorial Day parade in Palo Alto at
9:30 Saturday moraing and at the
exercises in the Community House at
10:30.

Thin is one of the last public ap
pearances of the band this quarter.
Members of the Stanford Military
department will also take part in the
parade.
The Stanford band will play in the
Memorial Day parade in Palo Alto at
9:30 Saturday moraing and at the
exercises in the Community House at
10:30.

Thin is one of the last public ap
pearances of the band this quarter.
Members of the Stanford Military
department will also take part in the
parade.
The Stanford band will play in the
Memorial Day parade in Palo Alto at
9:30 Saturday moraing and at the
exercises in the Community House at
10:30.

Thin is one of the last public ap
pearances of the band this quarter.
Members of the Stanford Military
department will also take part in the
parade.
The Stanford band will play in the
Memorial Day parade in Palo Alto at
9:30 Saturday moraing and at the
exercises in the Community House at
10:30.

Thin is one of the last public ap
pearances of the band this quarter.
Members of the Stanford Military
department will also take part in the
parade.
The Stanford band will play in the
Memorial Day parade in Palo Alto at
9:30 Saturday moraing and at the
exercises in the Community House at
10:30.

Thin is one of the last public ap
pearances of the band this quarter.
Members of the Stanford Military
department will also take part in the
parade.
The Stanford band will play in the
Memorial Day parade in Palo Alto at
9:30 Saturday moraing and at the
exercises in the Community House at
10:30.

Thin is one of the last public ap
pearances of the band this quarter.
Members of the Stanford Military
department will also take part in the
parade.
The Stanford band will play in the
Memorial Day parade in Palo Alto at
9:30 Saturday moraing and at the
exercises in the Community House at
10:30.

Thin is one of the last public ap
pearances of the band this quarter.
Members of the Stanford Military
department will also take part in the
parade.
The Stanford band will play in the
Memorial Day parade in Palo Alto at
9:30 Saturday moraing and at the
exercises in the Community House at
10:30.

Thin is one of the last public ap
pearances of the band this quarter.
Members of the Stanford Military
department will also take part in the
parade.
The Stanford band will play in the
Memorial Day parade in Palo Alto at
9:30 Saturday moraing and at the
exercises in the Community House at
10:30.

Thin is one of the last public ap
pearances of the band this quarter.
Members of the Stanford Military
department will also take part in the
parade.
The Stanford band will play in the
Memorial Day parade in Palo Alto at
9:30 Saturday moraing and at the
exercises in the Community House at
10:30.

Thin is one of the last public ap
pearances of the band this quarter.
Members of the Stanford Military
department will also take part in the
parade.
The Stanford band will play in the
Memorial Day parade in Palo Alto at
9:30 Saturday moraing and at the
exercises in the Community House at
10:30.

Thin is one of the last public ap
pearances of the band this quarter.
Members of the Stanford Military
department will also take part in the
parade.
The Stanford band will play in the
Memorial Day parade in Palo Alto at
9:30 Saturday moraing and at the
exercises in the Community House at
10:30.

Thin is one of the last public ap
pearances of the band this quarter.
Members of the Stanford Military
department will also take part in the
parade.
The Stanford band will play in the
Memorial Day parade in Palo Alto at
9:30 Saturday moraing and at the
exercises in the Community House at
10:30.

Thin is one of the last public ap
pearances of the band this quarter.
Members of the Stanford Military
department will also take part in the
parade.
The Stanford band will play in the
Memorial Day parade in Palo Alto at
9:30 Saturday moraing and at the
exercises in the Community House at
10:30.

Thin is one of the last public ap
pearances of the band this quarter.
Members of the Stanford Military
department will also take part in the
parade.
