# Poetry Festival Slated for Today
## 
### 
Sixteen modern poets will read
compositions at the "Festival of
Modern Poetry" in San Francisco
today and on Oct. 13. Sponsored
by the Poetry Guild of San Fran
cisco and the San Francisco Art
Museum, the program will be pre
sented at 8 p.m. in the Members'
Room of the Museum.
Poets reading their work this
Wednesday will be Janet Lewis,
James Schevill, Philip Lamantia.
Richard Moore, James Broughton,
Beulah Suhl, W. Edwin Ver Becke,
and Kenneth Pettit. Nais Nin, Wil
liam Everson, Adele Levi, Ken
neth Scholes, Clinton Williams,
George P. Elliott, Don Richey, and
Wesley Trimpi will present their
compositions the following week.
The public is invited to attend.
