# Gaieties Call For More Tryoutees
## 
### 
Karl Hutchinson, GaJeties publicity
director, issued an urgent call yes
terday for students interested in
trying out for positions with this
year's show. The chorus, orchestra,
and stage crews need the most stu
dents but there are openings for
actors, writers, publicists, singers,
and dancers, he said.
Those interested should report to
the Ram's Head Room tonight at 7.
This will be the last tryoutee meet
ing.
Hutchinson stated that Monday
evening's turnout was disappoint
ingly small and that for this reason
there are still plenty of good posi
tions open with the show.
He said that musicians are espe
cially needed for the orchestra, but
that anyone with any kind of act
ing, dancing, writing, singing or
stage crew ability has more than a
good chance of getting into the pro
duction.
Karl Hutchinson, GaJeties publicity
director, issued an urgent call yes
terday for students interested in
trying out for positions with this
year's show. The chorus, orchestra,
and stage crews need the most stu
dents but there are openings for
actors, writers, publicists, singers,
and dancers, he said.
Those interested should report to
the Ram's Head Room tonight at 7.
This will be the last tryoutee meet
ing.
Hutchinson stated that Monday
evening's turnout was disappoint
ingly small and that for this reason
there are still plenty of good posi
tions open with the show.
He said that musicians are espe
cially needed for the orchestra, but
that anyone with any kind of act
ing, dancing, writing, singing or
stage crew ability has more than a
good chance of getting into the pro
duction.
Karl Hutchinson, GaJeties publicity
director, issued an urgent call yes
terday for students interested in
trying out for positions with this
year's show. The chorus, orchestra,
and stage crews need the most stu
dents but there are openings for
actors, writers, publicists, singers,
and dancers, he said.
Those interested should report to
the Ram's Head Room tonight at 7.
This will be the last tryoutee meet
ing.
Hutchinson stated that Monday
evening's turnout was disappoint
ingly small and that for this reason
there are still plenty of good posi
tions open with the show.
He said that musicians are espe
cially needed for the orchestra, but
that anyone with any kind of act
ing, dancing, writing, singing or
stage crew ability has more than a
good chance of getting into the pro
duction.
Karl Hutchinson, GaJeties publicity
director, issued an urgent call yes
terday for students interested in
trying out for positions with this
year's show. The chorus, orchestra,
and stage crews need the most stu
dents but there are openings for
actors, writers, publicists, singers,
and dancers, he said.
Those interested should report to
the Ram's Head Room tonight at 7.
This will be the last tryoutee meet
ing.
Hutchinson stated that Monday
evening's turnout was disappoint
ingly small and that for this reason
there are still plenty of good posi
tions open with the show.
He said that musicians are espe
cially needed for the orchestra, but
that anyone with any kind of act
ing, dancing, writing, singing or
stage crew ability has more than a
good chance of getting into the pro
duction.
Karl Hutchinson, GaJeties publicity
director, issued an urgent call yes
terday for students interested in
trying out for positions with this
year's show. The chorus, orchestra,
and stage crews need the most stu
dents but there are openings for
actors, writers, publicists, singers,
and dancers, he said.
Those interested should report to
the Ram's Head Room tonight at 7.
This will be the last tryoutee meet
ing.
Hutchinson stated that Monday
evening's turnout was disappoint
ingly small and that for this reason
there are still plenty of good posi
tions open with the show.
He said that musicians are espe
cially needed for the orchestra, but
that anyone with any kind of act
ing, dancing, writing, singing or
stage crew ability has more than a
good chance of getting into the pro
duction.
Karl Hutchinson, GaJeties publicity
director, issued an urgent call yes
terday for students interested in
trying out for positions with this
year's show. The chorus, orchestra,
and stage crews need the most stu
dents but there are openings for
actors, writers, publicists, singers,
and dancers, he said.
Those interested should report to
the Ram's Head Room tonight at 7.
This will be the last tryoutee meet
ing.
Hutchinson stated that Monday
evening's turnout was disappoint
ingly small and that for this reason
there are still plenty of good posi
tions open with the show.
He said that musicians are espe
cially needed for the orchestra, but
that anyone with any kind of act
ing, dancing, writing, singing or
stage crew ability has more than a
good chance of getting into the pro
duction.
Karl Hutchinson, GaJeties publicity
director, issued an urgent call yes
terday for students interested in
trying out for positions with this
year's show. The chorus, orchestra,
and stage crews need the most stu
dents but there are openings for
actors, writers, publicists, singers,
and dancers, he said.
Those interested should report to
the Ram's Head Room tonight at 7.
This will be the last tryoutee meet
ing.
Hutchinson stated that Monday
evening's turnout was disappoint
ingly small and that for this reason
there are still plenty of good posi
tions open with the show.
He said that musicians are espe
cially needed for the orchestra, but
that anyone with any kind of act
ing, dancing, writing, singing or
stage crew ability has more than a
good chance of getting into the pro
duction.
Karl Hutchinson, GaJeties publicity
director, issued an urgent call yes
terday for students interested in
trying out for positions with this
year's show. The chorus, orchestra,
and stage crews need the most stu
dents but there are openings for
actors, writers, publicists, singers,
and dancers, he said.
Those interested should report to
the Ram's Head Room tonight at 7.
This will be the last tryoutee meet
ing.
Hutchinson stated that Monday
evening's turnout was disappoint
ingly small and that for this reason
there are still plenty of good posi
tions open with the show.
He said that musicians are espe
cially needed for the orchestra, but
that anyone with any kind of act
ing, dancing, writing, singing or
stage crew ability has more than a
good chance of getting into the pro
duction.
Karl Hutchinson, GaJeties publicity
director, issued an urgent call yes
terday for students interested in
trying out for positions with this
year's show. The chorus, orchestra,
and stage crews need the most stu
dents but there are openings for
actors, writers, publicists, singers,
and dancers, he said.
Those interested should report to
the Ram's Head Room tonight at 7.
This will be the last tryoutee meet
ing.
Hutchinson stated that Monday
evening's turnout was disappoint
ingly small and that for this reason
there are still plenty of good posi
tions open with the show.
He said that musicians are espe
cially needed for the orchestra, but
that anyone with any kind of act
ing, dancing, writing, singing or
stage crew ability has more than a
good chance of getting into the pro
duction.
Karl Hutchinson, GaJeties publicity
director, issued an urgent call yes
terday for students interested in
trying out for positions with this
year's show. The chorus, orchestra,
and stage crews need the most stu
dents but there are openings for
actors, writers, publicists, singers,
and dancers, he said.
Those interested should report to
the Ram's Head Room tonight at 7.
This will be the last tryoutee meet
ing.
Hutchinson stated that Monday
evening's turnout was disappoint
ingly small and that for this reason
there are still plenty of good posi
tions open with the show.
He said that musicians are espe
cially needed for the orchestra, but
that anyone with any kind of act
ing, dancing, writing, singing or
stage crew ability has more than a
good chance of getting into the pro
duction.
Karl Hutchinson, GaJeties publicity
director, issued an urgent call yes
terday for students interested in
trying out for positions with this
year's show. The chorus, orchestra,
and stage crews need the most stu
dents but there are openings for
actors, writers, publicists, singers,
and dancers, he said.
Those interested should report to
the Ram's Head Room tonight at 7.
This will be the last tryoutee meet
ing.
Hutchinson stated that Monday
evening's turnout was disappoint
ingly small and that for this reason
there are still plenty of good posi
tions open with the show.
He said that musicians are espe
cially needed for the orchestra, but
that anyone with any kind of act
ing, dancing, writing, singing or
stage crew ability has more than a
good chance of getting into the pro
duction.
Karl Hutchinson, GaJeties publicity
director, issued an urgent call yes
terday for students interested in
trying out for positions with this
year's show. The chorus, orchestra,
and stage crews need the most stu
dents but there are openings for
actors, writers, publicists, singers,
and dancers, he said.
Those interested should report to
the Ram's Head Room tonight at 7.
This will be the last tryoutee meet
ing.
Hutchinson stated that Monday
evening's turnout was disappoint
ingly small and that for this reason
there are still plenty of good posi
tions open with the show.
He said that musicians are espe
cially needed for the orchestra, but
that anyone with any kind of act
ing, dancing, writing, singing or
stage crew ability has more than a
good chance of getting into the pro
duction.
Karl Hutchinson, GaJeties publicity
director, issued an urgent call yes
terday for students interested in
trying out for positions with this
year's show. The chorus, orchestra,
and stage crews need the most stu
dents but there are openings for
actors, writers, publicists, singers,
and dancers, he said.
Those interested should report to
the Ram's Head Room tonight at 7.
This will be the last tryoutee meet
ing.
Hutchinson stated that Monday
evening's turnout was disappoint
ingly small and that for this reason
there are still plenty of good posi
tions open with the show.
He said that musicians are espe
cially needed for the orchestra, but
that anyone with any kind of act
ing, dancing, writing, singing or
stage crew ability has more than a
good chance of getting into the pro
duction.
Karl Hutchinson, GaJeties publicity
director, issued an urgent call yes
terday for students interested in
trying out for positions with this
year's show. The chorus, orchestra,
and stage crews need the most stu
dents but there are openings for
actors, writers, publicists, singers,
and dancers, he said.
Those interested should report to
the Ram's Head Room tonight at 7.
This will be the last tryoutee meet
ing.
Hutchinson stated that Monday
evening's turnout was disappoint
ingly small and that for this reason
there are still plenty of good posi
tions open with the show.
He said that musicians are espe
cially needed for the orchestra, but
that anyone with any kind of act
ing, dancing, writing, singing or
stage crew ability has more than a
good chance of getting into the pro
duction.
Karl Hutchinson, GaJeties publicity
director, issued an urgent call yes
terday for students interested in
trying out for positions with this
year's show. The chorus, orchestra,
and stage crews need the most stu
dents but there are openings for
actors, writers, publicists, singers,
and dancers, he said.
Those interested should report to
the Ram's Head Room tonight at 7.
This will be the last tryoutee meet
ing.
Hutchinson stated that Monday
evening's turnout was disappoint
ingly small and that for this reason
there are still plenty of good posi
tions open with the show.
He said that musicians are espe
cially needed for the orchestra, but
that anyone with any kind of act
ing, dancing, writing, singing or
stage crew ability has more than a
good chance of getting into the pro
duction.
Karl Hutchinson, GaJeties publicity
director, issued an urgent call yes
terday for students interested in
trying out for positions with this
year's show. The chorus, orchestra,
and stage crews need the most stu
dents but there are openings for
actors, writers, publicists, singers,
and dancers, he said.
Those interested should report to
the Ram's Head Room tonight at 7.
This will be the last tryoutee meet
ing.
Hutchinson stated that Monday
evening's turnout was disappoint
ingly small and that for this reason
there are still plenty of good posi
tions open with the show.
He said that musicians are espe
cially needed for the orchestra, but
that anyone with any kind of act
ing, dancing, writing, singing or
stage crew ability has more than a
good chance of getting into the pro
duction.
