# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Statistical proof that television is
climbing out of its cradle is the
report that 278,896 receivers were
sold during the first six months of
this year.
Statistical proof that television is
climbing out of its cradle is the
report that 278,896 receivers were
sold during the first six months of
this year.
Statistical proof that television is
climbing out of its cradle is the
report that 278,896 receivers were
sold during the first six months of
this year.
Statistical proof that television is
climbing out of its cradle is the
report that 278,896 receivers were
sold during the first six months of
this year.
Statistical proof that television is
climbing out of its cradle is the
report that 278,896 receivers were
sold during the first six months of
this year.
Statistical proof that television is
climbing out of its cradle is the
report that 278,896 receivers were
sold during the first six months of
this year.
Statistical proof that television is
climbing out of its cradle is the
report that 278,896 receivers were
sold during the first six months of
this year.
Statistical proof that television is
climbing out of its cradle is the
report that 278,896 receivers were
sold during the first six months of
this year.
Statistical proof that television is
climbing out of its cradle is the
report that 278,896 receivers were
sold during the first six months of
this year.
Statistical proof that television is
climbing out of its cradle is the
report that 278,896 receivers were
sold during the first six months of
this year.
Statistical proof that television is
climbing out of its cradle is the
report that 278,896 receivers were
sold during the first six months of
this year.
Statistical proof that television is
climbing out of its cradle is the
report that 278,896 receivers were
sold during the first six months of
this year.
Statistical proof that television is
climbing out of its cradle is the
report that 278,896 receivers were
sold during the first six months of
this year.
Statistical proof that television is
climbing out of its cradle is the
report that 278,896 receivers were
sold during the first six months of
this year.
Statistical proof that television is
climbing out of its cradle is the
report that 278,896 receivers were
sold during the first six months of
this year.
Statistical proof that television is
climbing out of its cradle is the
report that 278,896 receivers were
sold during the first six months of
this year.
