# Debaters Discuss Meet With British
## 
### 
The first all - Debate Society
meeting of the quarter will be held
tonight at 7:30 in the Women's
Clubhouse lounge. John Hines, de
bate manager; Jack Marcum, de
bate team captain; Professor Emer
son, debate coach; and Richard
Kelton, Debate Council member,
will speak at the meeting.
Plans for the quarter will be dis
cussed, including the debate with
the British team on the question,
"Resolved, that modern society en
joys greater benefits under a plan
ned economy." The British debat
ers are from the University of
Bristol and the University of Bir
mingham.
Also under discussion will be the
election eve debate on the merits
of the leading Presidential candi
dates, and questions regarding the
Western Association Conference to
be held in Seattle later this quar
ter.
Manager Hines, urging all stu
dents interested in debate to at
tend the meeting, said yesterday,
"Applications will be taken from
students who wish to join the so
ciety. We are also looking for a
freshman manager, an assistant
manager, and a publicity man."
The first all - Debate Society
meeting of the quarter will be held
tonight at 7:30 in the Women's
Clubhouse lounge. John Hines, de
bate manager; Jack Marcum, de
bate team captain; Professor Emer
son, debate coach; and Richard
Kelton, Debate Council member,
will speak at the meeting.
Plans for the quarter will be dis
cussed, including the debate with
the British team on the question,
"Resolved, that modern society en
joys greater benefits under a plan
ned economy." The British debat
ers are from the University of
Bristol and the University of Bir
mingham.
Also under discussion will be the
election eve debate on the merits
of the leading Presidential candi
dates, and questions regarding the
Western Association Conference to
be held in Seattle later this quar
ter.
Manager Hines, urging all stu
dents interested in debate to at
tend the meeting, said yesterday,
"Applications will be taken from
students who wish to join the so
ciety. We are also looking for a
freshman manager, an assistant
manager, and a publicity man."
The first all - Debate Society
meeting of the quarter will be held
tonight at 7:30 in the Women's
Clubhouse lounge. John Hines, de
bate manager; Jack Marcum, de
bate team captain; Professor Emer
son, debate coach; and Richard
Kelton, Debate Council member,
will speak at the meeting.
Plans for the quarter will be dis
cussed, including the debate with
the British team on the question,
"Resolved, that modern society en
joys greater benefits under a plan
ned economy." The British debat
ers are from the University of
Bristol and the University of Bir
mingham.
Also under discussion will be the
election eve debate on the merits
of the leading Presidential candi
dates, and questions regarding the
Western Association Conference to
be held in Seattle later this quar
ter.
Manager Hines, urging all stu
dents interested in debate to at
tend the meeting, said yesterday,
"Applications will be taken from
students who wish to join the so
ciety. We are also looking for a
freshman manager, an assistant
manager, and a publicity man."
The first all - Debate Society
meeting of the quarter will be held
tonight at 7:30 in the Women's
Clubhouse lounge. John Hines, de
bate manager; Jack Marcum, de
bate team captain; Professor Emer
son, debate coach; and Richard
Kelton, Debate Council member,
will speak at the meeting.
Plans for the quarter will be dis
cussed, including the debate with
the British team on the question,
"Resolved, that modern society en
joys greater benefits under a plan
ned economy." The British debat
ers are from the University of
Bristol and the University of Bir
mingham.
Also under discussion will be the
election eve debate on the merits
of the leading Presidential candi
dates, and questions regarding the
Western Association Conference to
be held in Seattle later this quar
ter.
Manager Hines, urging all stu
dents interested in debate to at
tend the meeting, said yesterday,
"Applications will be taken from
students who wish to join the so
ciety. We are also looking for a
freshman manager, an assistant
manager, and a publicity man."
The first all - Debate Society
meeting of the quarter will be held
tonight at 7:30 in the Women's
Clubhouse lounge. John Hines, de
bate manager; Jack Marcum, de
bate team captain; Professor Emer
son, debate coach; and Richard
Kelton, Debate Council member,
will speak at the meeting.
Plans for the quarter will be dis
cussed, including the debate with
the British team on the question,
"Resolved, that modern society en
joys greater benefits under a plan
ned economy." The British debat
ers are from the University of
Bristol and the University of Bir
mingham.
Also under discussion will be the
election eve debate on the merits
of the leading Presidential candi
dates, and questions regarding the
Western Association Conference to
be held in Seattle later this quar
ter.
Manager Hines, urging all stu
dents interested in debate to at
tend the meeting, said yesterday,
"Applications will be taken from
students who wish to join the so
ciety. We are also looking for a
freshman manager, an assistant
manager, and a publicity man."
The first all - Debate Society
meeting of the quarter will be held
tonight at 7:30 in the Women's
Clubhouse lounge. John Hines, de
bate manager; Jack Marcum, de
bate team captain; Professor Emer
son, debate coach; and Richard
Kelton, Debate Council member,
will speak at the meeting.
Plans for the quarter will be dis
cussed, including the debate with
the British team on the question,
"Resolved, that modern society en
joys greater benefits under a plan
ned economy." The British debat
ers are from the University of
Bristol and the University of Bir
mingham.
Also under discussion will be the
election eve debate on the merits
of the leading Presidential candi
dates, and questions regarding the
Western Association Conference to
be held in Seattle later this quar
ter.
Manager Hines, urging all stu
dents interested in debate to at
tend the meeting, said yesterday,
"Applications will be taken from
students who wish to join the so
ciety. We are also looking for a
freshman manager, an assistant
manager, and a publicity man."
The first all - Debate Society
meeting of the quarter will be held
tonight at 7:30 in the Women's
Clubhouse lounge. John Hines, de
bate manager; Jack Marcum, de
bate team captain; Professor Emer
son, debate coach; and Richard
Kelton, Debate Council member,
will speak at the meeting.
Plans for the quarter will be dis
cussed, including the debate with
the British team on the question,
"Resolved, that modern society en
joys greater benefits under a plan
ned economy." The British debat
ers are from the University of
Bristol and the University of Bir
mingham.
Also under discussion will be the
election eve debate on the merits
of the leading Presidential candi
dates, and questions regarding the
Western Association Conference to
be held in Seattle later this quar
ter.
Manager Hines, urging all stu
dents interested in debate to at
tend the meeting, said yesterday,
"Applications will be taken from
students who wish to join the so
ciety. We are also looking for a
freshman manager, an assistant
manager, and a publicity man."
The first all - Debate Society
meeting of the quarter will be held
tonight at 7:30 in the Women's
Clubhouse lounge. John Hines, de
bate manager; Jack Marcum, de
bate team captain; Professor Emer
son, debate coach; and Richard
Kelton, Debate Council member,
will speak at the meeting.
Plans for the quarter will be dis
cussed, including the debate with
the British team on the question,
"Resolved, that modern society en
joys greater benefits under a plan
ned economy." The British debat
ers are from the University of
Bristol and the University of Bir
mingham.
Also under discussion will be the
election eve debate on the merits
of the leading Presidential candi
dates, and questions regarding the
Western Association Conference to
be held in Seattle later this quar
ter.
Manager Hines, urging all stu
dents interested in debate to at
tend the meeting, said yesterday,
"Applications will be taken from
students who wish to join the so
ciety. We are also looking for a
freshman manager, an assistant
manager, and a publicity man."
The first all - Debate Society
meeting of the quarter will be held
tonight at 7:30 in the Women's
Clubhouse lounge. John Hines, de
bate manager; Jack Marcum, de
bate team captain; Professor Emer
son, debate coach; and Richard
Kelton, Debate Council member,
will speak at the meeting.
Plans for the quarter will be dis
cussed, including the debate with
the British team on the question,
"Resolved, that modern society en
joys greater benefits under a plan
ned economy." The British debat
ers are from the University of
Bristol and the University of Bir
mingham.
Also under discussion will be the
election eve debate on the merits
of the leading Presidential candi
dates, and questions regarding the
Western Association Conference to
be held in Seattle later this quar
ter.
Manager Hines, urging all stu
dents interested in debate to at
tend the meeting, said yesterday,
"Applications will be taken from
students who wish to join the so
ciety. We are also looking for a
freshman manager, an assistant
manager, and a publicity man."
The first all - Debate Society
meeting of the quarter will be held
tonight at 7:30 in the Women's
Clubhouse lounge. John Hines, de
bate manager; Jack Marcum, de
bate team captain; Professor Emer
son, debate coach; and Richard
Kelton, Debate Council member,
will speak at the meeting.
Plans for the quarter will be dis
cussed, including the debate with
the British team on the question,
"Resolved, that modern society en
joys greater benefits under a plan
ned economy." The British debat
ers are from the University of
Bristol and the University of Bir
mingham.
Also under discussion will be the
election eve debate on the merits
of the leading Presidential candi
dates, and questions regarding the
Western Association Conference to
be held in Seattle later this quar
ter.
Manager Hines, urging all stu
dents interested in debate to at
tend the meeting, said yesterday,
"Applications will be taken from
students who wish to join the so
ciety. We are also looking for a
freshman manager, an assistant
manager, and a publicity man."
The first all - Debate Society
meeting of the quarter will be held
tonight at 7:30 in the Women's
Clubhouse lounge. John Hines, de
bate manager; Jack Marcum, de
bate team captain; Professor Emer
son, debate coach; and Richard
Kelton, Debate Council member,
will speak at the meeting.
Plans for the quarter will be dis
cussed, including the debate with
the British team on the question,
"Resolved, that modern society en
joys greater benefits under a plan
ned economy." The British debat
ers are from the University of
Bristol and the University of Bir
mingham.
Also under discussion will be the
election eve debate on the merits
of the leading Presidential candi
dates, and questions regarding the
Western Association Conference to
be held in Seattle later this quar
ter.
Manager Hines, urging all stu
dents interested in debate to at
tend the meeting, said yesterday,
"Applications will be taken from
students who wish to join the so
ciety. We are also looking for a
freshman manager, an assistant
manager, and a publicity man."
The first all - Debate Society
meeting of the quarter will be held
tonight at 7:30 in the Women's
Clubhouse lounge. John Hines, de
bate manager; Jack Marcum, de
bate team captain; Professor Emer
son, debate coach; and Richard
Kelton, Debate Council member,
will speak at the meeting.
Plans for the quarter will be dis
cussed, including the debate with
the British team on the question,
"Resolved, that modern society en
joys greater benefits under a plan
ned economy." The British debat
ers are from the University of
Bristol and the University of Bir
mingham.
Also under discussion will be the
election eve debate on the merits
of the leading Presidential candi
dates, and questions regarding the
Western Association Conference to
be held in Seattle later this quar
ter.
Manager Hines, urging all stu
dents interested in debate to at
tend the meeting, said yesterday,
"Applications will be taken from
students who wish to join the so
ciety. We are also looking for a
freshman manager, an assistant
manager, and a publicity man."
The first all - Debate Society
meeting of the quarter will be held
tonight at 7:30 in the Women's
Clubhouse lounge. John Hines, de
bate manager; Jack Marcum, de
bate team captain; Professor Emer
son, debate coach; and Richard
Kelton, Debate Council member,
will speak at the meeting.
Plans for the quarter will be dis
cussed, including the debate with
the British team on the question,
"Resolved, that modern society en
joys greater benefits under a plan
ned economy." The British debat
ers are from the University of
Bristol and the University of Bir
mingham.
Also under discussion will be the
election eve debate on the merits
of the leading Presidential candi
dates, and questions regarding the
Western Association Conference to
be held in Seattle later this quar
ter.
Manager Hines, urging all stu
dents interested in debate to at
tend the meeting, said yesterday,
"Applications will be taken from
students who wish to join the so
ciety. We are also looking for a
freshman manager, an assistant
manager, and a publicity man."
The first all - Debate Society
meeting of the quarter will be held
tonight at 7:30 in the Women's
Clubhouse lounge. John Hines, de
bate manager; Jack Marcum, de
bate team captain; Professor Emer
son, debate coach; and Richard
Kelton, Debate Council member,
will speak at the meeting.
Plans for the quarter will be dis
cussed, including the debate with
the British team on the question,
"Resolved, that modern society en
joys greater benefits under a plan
ned economy." The British debat
ers are from the University of
Bristol and the University of Bir
mingham.
Also under discussion will be the
election eve debate on the merits
of the leading Presidential candi
dates, and questions regarding the
Western Association Conference to
be held in Seattle later this quar
ter.
Manager Hines, urging all stu
dents interested in debate to at
tend the meeting, said yesterday,
"Applications will be taken from
students who wish to join the so
ciety. We are also looking for a
freshman manager, an assistant
manager, and a publicity man."
The first all - Debate Society
meeting of the quarter will be held
tonight at 7:30 in the Women's
Clubhouse lounge. John Hines, de
bate manager; Jack Marcum, de
bate team captain; Professor Emer
son, debate coach; and Richard
Kelton, Debate Council member,
will speak at the meeting.
Plans for the quarter will be dis
cussed, including the debate with
the British team on the question,
"Resolved, that modern society en
joys greater benefits under a plan
ned economy." The British debat
ers are from the University of
Bristol and the University of Bir
mingham.
Also under discussion will be the
election eve debate on the merits
of the leading Presidential candi
dates, and questions regarding the
Western Association Conference to
be held in Seattle later this quar
ter.
Manager Hines, urging all stu
dents interested in debate to at
tend the meeting, said yesterday,
"Applications will be taken from
students who wish to join the so
ciety. We are also looking for a
freshman manager, an assistant
manager, and a publicity man."
The first all - Debate Society
meeting of the quarter will be held
tonight at 7:30 in the Women's
Clubhouse lounge. John Hines, de
bate manager; Jack Marcum, de
bate team captain; Professor Emer
son, debate coach; and Richard
Kelton, Debate Council member,
will speak at the meeting.
Plans for the quarter will be dis
cussed, including the debate with
the British team on the question,
"Resolved, that modern society en
joys greater benefits under a plan
ned economy." The British debat
ers are from the University of
Bristol and the University of Bir
mingham.
Also under discussion will be the
election eve debate on the merits
of the leading Presidential candi
dates, and questions regarding the
Western Association Conference to
be held in Seattle later this quar
ter.
Manager Hines, urging all stu
dents interested in debate to at
tend the meeting, said yesterday,
"Applications will be taken from
students who wish to join the so
ciety. We are also looking for a
freshman manager, an assistant
manager, and a publicity man."
