# Cardinals Show Indian-WSC Film
## 
### 
Movies of the Stanford-Washing
ton State game in Pullman last
Saturday will be shown tonight in
the Education Auditorium in two
showings, at 7:30 and 8:30, accord
ing to Hardin Holmes, Cardinals
member.
Other topics brought up at last
night's Cardinal meeting include
postponing of Traditions Day until
winter quarter, outlining of Home
coming by chairman Bob Leefeldt,
Big Game, and the Sadie Hawkins
Dance.
It was decided to change Tradi
tions Week to one day in winter
quarter, since less is going on that
quarter. Bob Armstrong was ap
pointed Big Game chairman this
year, and B. J. Denning was asked
to investigate the possibility of
having Spike Jones and his City
Slickers play at the Sadie Hawkins
Dance the last of winter quarter.
