# Aussies Occupy Inland Huon Peninsula Town
## 
### 
ALLIED HQ., Southwest Pacific,
Dec. 10 (UP). —Veteran Australian
troops on the Huon Peninsula of
New Guinea occupied Wareo, an in
land town two and a half miles
northeast of Satelberg, Wednesday
and continued in pursuit of the en
emy.
ALLIED HQ., Southwest Pacific,
Dec. 10 (UP). —Veteran Australian
troops on the Huon Peninsula of
New Guinea occupied Wareo, an in
land town two and a half miles
northeast of Satelberg, Wednesday
and continued in pursuit of the en
emy.
ALLIED HQ., Southwest Pacific,
Dec. 10 (UP). —Veteran Australian
troops on the Huon Peninsula of
New Guinea occupied Wareo, an in
land town two and a half miles
northeast of Satelberg, Wednesday
and continued in pursuit of the en
emy.
ALLIED HQ., Southwest Pacific,
Dec. 10 (UP). —Veteran Australian
troops on the Huon Peninsula of
New Guinea occupied Wareo, an in
land town two and a half miles
northeast of Satelberg, Wednesday
and continued in pursuit of the en
emy.
ALLIED HQ., Southwest Pacific,
Dec. 10 (UP). —Veteran Australian
troops on the Huon Peninsula of
New Guinea occupied Wareo, an in
land town two and a half miles
northeast of Satelberg, Wednesday
and continued in pursuit of the en
emy.
ALLIED HQ., Southwest Pacific,
Dec. 10 (UP). —Veteran Australian
troops on the Huon Peninsula of
New Guinea occupied Wareo, an in
land town two and a half miles
northeast of Satelberg, Wednesday
and continued in pursuit of the en
emy.
ALLIED HQ., Southwest Pacific,
Dec. 10 (UP). —Veteran Australian
troops on the Huon Peninsula of
New Guinea occupied Wareo, an in
land town two and a half miles
northeast of Satelberg, Wednesday
and continued in pursuit of the en
emy.
ALLIED HQ., Southwest Pacific,
Dec. 10 (UP). —Veteran Australian
troops on the Huon Peninsula of
New Guinea occupied Wareo, an in
land town two and a half miles
northeast of Satelberg, Wednesday
and continued in pursuit of the en
emy.
ALLIED HQ., Southwest Pacific,
Dec. 10 (UP). —Veteran Australian
troops on the Huon Peninsula of
New Guinea occupied Wareo, an in
land town two and a half miles
northeast of Satelberg, Wednesday
and continued in pursuit of the en
emy.
ALLIED HQ., Southwest Pacific,
Dec. 10 (UP). —Veteran Australian
troops on the Huon Peninsula of
New Guinea occupied Wareo, an in
land town two and a half miles
northeast of Satelberg, Wednesday
and continued in pursuit of the en
emy.
ALLIED HQ., Southwest Pacific,
Dec. 10 (UP). —Veteran Australian
troops on the Huon Peninsula of
New Guinea occupied Wareo, an in
land town two and a half miles
northeast of Satelberg, Wednesday
and continued in pursuit of the en
emy.
ALLIED HQ., Southwest Pacific,
Dec. 10 (UP). —Veteran Australian
troops on the Huon Peninsula of
New Guinea occupied Wareo, an in
land town two and a half miles
northeast of Satelberg, Wednesday
and continued in pursuit of the en
emy.
ALLIED HQ., Southwest Pacific,
Dec. 10 (UP). —Veteran Australian
troops on the Huon Peninsula of
New Guinea occupied Wareo, an in
land town two and a half miles
northeast of Satelberg, Wednesday
and continued in pursuit of the en
emy.
ALLIED HQ., Southwest Pacific,
Dec. 10 (UP). —Veteran Australian
troops on the Huon Peninsula of
New Guinea occupied Wareo, an in
land town two and a half miles
northeast of Satelberg, Wednesday
and continued in pursuit of the en
emy.
ALLIED HQ., Southwest Pacific,
Dec. 10 (UP). —Veteran Australian
troops on the Huon Peninsula of
New Guinea occupied Wareo, an in
land town two and a half miles
northeast of Satelberg, Wednesday
and continued in pursuit of the en
emy.
ALLIED HQ., Southwest Pacific,
Dec. 10 (UP). —Veteran Australian
troops on the Huon Peninsula of
New Guinea occupied Wareo, an in
land town two and a half miles
northeast of Satelberg, Wednesday
and continued in pursuit of the en
emy.
ALLIED HQ., Southwest Pacific,
Dec. 10 (UP). —Veteran Australian
troops on the Huon Peninsula of
New Guinea occupied Wareo, an in
land town two and a half miles
northeast of Satelberg, Wednesday
and continued in pursuit of the en
emy.
