# OAKS SIGN CAMILLI
## 
### 
The Oakland baseball club's man
agerial problems have at long last
been solved with the signing of
Dolph Camilli today. Ca'milli has
been signed on a two-year contract
to replace Johnny Vergez as the
Oaks manager, Oakland officials an
nounced. Camilli was formerly a
great first baseman in the major
leagues and gained most of his fame
with the Brooklyn Dodgers.
The Oakland baseball club's man
agerial problems have at long last
been solved with the signing of
Dolph Camilli today. Ca'milli has
been signed on a two-year contract
to replace Johnny Vergez as the
Oaks manager, Oakland officials an
nounced. Camilli was formerly a
great first baseman in the major
leagues and gained most of his fame
with the Brooklyn Dodgers.
The Oakland baseball club's man
agerial problems have at long last
been solved with the signing of
Dolph Camilli today. Ca'milli has
been signed on a two-year contract
to replace Johnny Vergez as the
Oaks manager, Oakland officials an
nounced. Camilli was formerly a
great first baseman in the major
leagues and gained most of his fame
with the Brooklyn Dodgers.
The Oakland baseball club's man
agerial problems have at long last
been solved with the signing of
Dolph Camilli today. Ca'milli has
been signed on a two-year contract
to replace Johnny Vergez as the
Oaks manager, Oakland officials an
nounced. Camilli was formerly a
great first baseman in the major
leagues and gained most of his fame
with the Brooklyn Dodgers.
The Oakland baseball club's man
agerial problems have at long last
been solved with the signing of
Dolph Camilli today. Ca'milli has
been signed on a two-year contract
to replace Johnny Vergez as the
Oaks manager, Oakland officials an
nounced. Camilli was formerly a
great first baseman in the major
leagues and gained most of his fame
with the Brooklyn Dodgers.
The Oakland baseball club's man
agerial problems have at long last
been solved with the signing of
Dolph Camilli today. Ca'milli has
been signed on a two-year contract
to replace Johnny Vergez as the
Oaks manager, Oakland officials an
nounced. Camilli was formerly a
great first baseman in the major
leagues and gained most of his fame
with the Brooklyn Dodgers.
The Oakland baseball club's man
agerial problems have at long last
been solved with the signing of
Dolph Camilli today. Ca'milli has
been signed on a two-year contract
to replace Johnny Vergez as the
Oaks manager, Oakland officials an
nounced. Camilli was formerly a
great first baseman in the major
leagues and gained most of his fame
with the Brooklyn Dodgers.
The Oakland baseball club's man
agerial problems have at long last
been solved with the signing of
Dolph Camilli today. Ca'milli has
been signed on a two-year contract
to replace Johnny Vergez as the
Oaks manager, Oakland officials an
nounced. Camilli was formerly a
great first baseman in the major
leagues and gained most of his fame
with the Brooklyn Dodgers.
The Oakland baseball club's man
agerial problems have at long last
been solved with the signing of
Dolph Camilli today. Ca'milli has
been signed on a two-year contract
to replace Johnny Vergez as the
Oaks manager, Oakland officials an
nounced. Camilli was formerly a
great first baseman in the major
leagues and gained most of his fame
with the Brooklyn Dodgers.
The Oakland baseball club's man
agerial problems have at long last
been solved with the signing of
Dolph Camilli today. Ca'milli has
been signed on a two-year contract
to replace Johnny Vergez as the
Oaks manager, Oakland officials an
nounced. Camilli was formerly a
great first baseman in the major
leagues and gained most of his fame
with the Brooklyn Dodgers.
The Oakland baseball club's man
agerial problems have at long last
been solved with the signing of
Dolph Camilli today. Ca'milli has
been signed on a two-year contract
to replace Johnny Vergez as the
Oaks manager, Oakland officials an
nounced. Camilli was formerly a
great first baseman in the major
leagues and gained most of his fame
with the Brooklyn Dodgers.
The Oakland baseball club's man
agerial problems have at long last
been solved with the signing of
Dolph Camilli today. Ca'milli has
been signed on a two-year contract
to replace Johnny Vergez as the
Oaks manager, Oakland officials an
nounced. Camilli was formerly a
great first baseman in the major
leagues and gained most of his fame
with the Brooklyn Dodgers.
The Oakland baseball club's man
agerial problems have at long last
been solved with the signing of
Dolph Camilli today. Ca'milli has
been signed on a two-year contract
to replace Johnny Vergez as the
Oaks manager, Oakland officials an
nounced. Camilli was formerly a
great first baseman in the major
leagues and gained most of his fame
with the Brooklyn Dodgers.
The Oakland baseball club's man
agerial problems have at long last
been solved with the signing of
Dolph Camilli today. Ca'milli has
been signed on a two-year contract
to replace Johnny Vergez as the
Oaks manager, Oakland officials an
nounced. Camilli was formerly a
great first baseman in the major
leagues and gained most of his fame
with the Brooklyn Dodgers.
The Oakland baseball club's man
agerial problems have at long last
been solved with the signing of
Dolph Camilli today. Ca'milli has
been signed on a two-year contract
to replace Johnny Vergez as the
Oaks manager, Oakland officials an
nounced. Camilli was formerly a
great first baseman in the major
leagues and gained most of his fame
with the Brooklyn Dodgers.
The Oakland baseball club's man
agerial problems have at long last
been solved with the signing of
Dolph Camilli today. Ca'milli has
been signed on a two-year contract
to replace Johnny Vergez as the
Oaks manager, Oakland officials an
nounced. Camilli was formerly a
great first baseman in the major
leagues and gained most of his fame
with the Brooklyn Dodgers.
The Oakland baseball club's man
agerial problems have at long last
been solved with the signing of
Dolph Camilli today. Ca'milli has
been signed on a two-year contract
to replace Johnny Vergez as the
Oaks manager, Oakland officials an
nounced. Camilli was formerly a
great first baseman in the major
leagues and gained most of his fame
with the Brooklyn Dodgers.
