# Untitled Article
## 
### 
A portable X-ray machine used by
the Army Medical Corps can be as
sembled in six minutes and will lo
cate foreign matter in 40 seconds.
A portable X-ray machine used by
the Army Medical Corps can be as
sembled in six minutes and will lo
cate foreign matter in 40 seconds.
A portable X-ray machine used by
the Army Medical Corps can be as
sembled in six minutes and will lo
cate foreign matter in 40 seconds.
A portable X-ray machine used by
the Army Medical Corps can be as
sembled in six minutes and will lo
cate foreign matter in 40 seconds.
A portable X-ray machine used by
the Army Medical Corps can be as
sembled in six minutes and will lo
cate foreign matter in 40 seconds.
A portable X-ray machine used by
the Army Medical Corps can be as
sembled in six minutes and will lo
cate foreign matter in 40 seconds.
A portable X-ray machine used by
the Army Medical Corps can be as
sembled in six minutes and will lo
cate foreign matter in 40 seconds.
A portable X-ray machine used by
the Army Medical Corps can be as
sembled in six minutes and will lo
cate foreign matter in 40 seconds.
A portable X-ray machine used by
the Army Medical Corps can be as
sembled in six minutes and will lo
cate foreign matter in 40 seconds.
A portable X-ray machine used by
the Army Medical Corps can be as
sembled in six minutes and will lo
cate foreign matter in 40 seconds.
A portable X-ray machine used by
the Army Medical Corps can be as
sembled in six minutes and will lo
cate foreign matter in 40 seconds.
A portable X-ray machine used by
the Army Medical Corps can be as
sembled in six minutes and will lo
cate foreign matter in 40 seconds.
A portable X-ray machine used by
the Army Medical Corps can be as
sembled in six minutes and will lo
cate foreign matter in 40 seconds.
A portable X-ray machine used by
the Army Medical Corps can be as
sembled in six minutes and will lo
cate foreign matter in 40 seconds.
A portable X-ray machine used by
the Army Medical Corps can be as
sembled in six minutes and will lo
cate foreign matter in 40 seconds.
A portable X-ray machine used by
the Army Medical Corps can be as
sembled in six minutes and will lo
cate foreign matter in 40 seconds.
A portable X-ray machine used by
the Army Medical Corps can be as
sembled in six minutes and will lo
cate foreign matter in 40 seconds.
