# Untitled Article
## 
### 
"Jumping doctors" of the U.S.
Medical Corps must be qualified
parachutists, as they jump with the
men and set up aid stations in com
bat areas occupied by paratroops.
"Jumping doctors" of the U.S.
Medical Corps must be qualified
parachutists, as they jump with the
men and set up aid stations in com
bat areas occupied by paratroops.
"Jumping doctors" of the U.S.
Medical Corps must be qualified
parachutists, as they jump with the
men and set up aid stations in com
bat areas occupied by paratroops.
"Jumping doctors" of the U.S.
Medical Corps must be qualified
parachutists, as they jump with the
men and set up aid stations in com
bat areas occupied by paratroops.
"Jumping doctors" of the U.S.
Medical Corps must be qualified
parachutists, as they jump with the
men and set up aid stations in com
bat areas occupied by paratroops.
"Jumping doctors" of the U.S.
Medical Corps must be qualified
parachutists, as they jump with the
men and set up aid stations in com
bat areas occupied by paratroops.
"Jumping doctors" of the U.S.
Medical Corps must be qualified
parachutists, as they jump with the
men and set up aid stations in com
bat areas occupied by paratroops.
"Jumping doctors" of the U.S.
Medical Corps must be qualified
parachutists, as they jump with the
men and set up aid stations in com
bat areas occupied by paratroops.
"Jumping doctors" of the U.S.
Medical Corps must be qualified
parachutists, as they jump with the
men and set up aid stations in com
bat areas occupied by paratroops.
"Jumping doctors" of the U.S.
Medical Corps must be qualified
parachutists, as they jump with the
men and set up aid stations in com
bat areas occupied by paratroops.
"Jumping doctors" of the U.S.
Medical Corps must be qualified
parachutists, as they jump with the
men and set up aid stations in com
bat areas occupied by paratroops.
"Jumping doctors" of the U.S.
Medical Corps must be qualified
parachutists, as they jump with the
men and set up aid stations in com
bat areas occupied by paratroops.
"Jumping doctors" of the U.S.
Medical Corps must be qualified
parachutists, as they jump with the
men and set up aid stations in com
bat areas occupied by paratroops.
"Jumping doctors" of the U.S.
Medical Corps must be qualified
parachutists, as they jump with the
men and set up aid stations in com
bat areas occupied by paratroops.
"Jumping doctors" of the U.S.
Medical Corps must be qualified
parachutists, as they jump with the
men and set up aid stations in com
bat areas occupied by paratroops.
"Jumping doctors" of the U.S.
Medical Corps must be qualified
parachutists, as they jump with the
men and set up aid stations in com
bat areas occupied by paratroops.
"Jumping doctors" of the U.S.
Medical Corps must be qualified
parachutists, as they jump with the
men and set up aid stations in com
bat areas occupied by paratroops.
