# Engineers Favored in Job Offers
## G.E. to Interview Engineer Grads 
### 
Representatives of the General
Electric Company will visit the?
campus tomorrow, Thursday, and
Friday to meet with engineers in
terested in the General Electric
training program. The company is
primarily interested in electrical and
mechanical engineering graduates,
but will have a few openings for in
dustrial engineers as well.
Mr. W. A. Moody, sales engineer
in the Apparatus Division, will ad
dress a group meeting of all inter
ested men tomorrow at 4:15 in room
283 of the Engineering School. Mr.
W. G. Lee, a motor specialist with
General Electric, and Mr. Clyde
Binns, assistant to the district man
ager, will interview men for posi
tions on Thursday.
Mr. B. B. Bright, personnel super
visor of the Atlantic Refining Com
pany, and Mr. Houghton of the Re
search and Development Department
will be on the campus tomorrow to
interview male senior and graduate
students mnjoring in chemistry,
chemical engineering, and physics.
Appointments for interviews may
be arranged by calling at the Ap
pointment Service, room lßfi, Ad
ministration Building. telephone
9411. Local 288.
Representatives of the General
Electric Company will visit the?
campus tomorrow, Thursday, and
Friday to meet with engineers in
terested in the General Electric
training program. The company is
primarily interested in electrical and
mechanical engineering graduates,
but will have a few openings for in
dustrial engineers as well.
Mr. W. A. Moody, sales engineer
in the Apparatus Division, will ad
dress a group meeting of all inter
ested men tomorrow at 4:15 in room
283 of the Engineering School. Mr.
W. G. Lee, a motor specialist with
General Electric, and Mr. Clyde
Binns, assistant to the district man
ager, will interview men for posi
tions on Thursday.
Mr. B. B. Bright, personnel super
visor of the Atlantic Refining Com
pany, and Mr. Houghton of the Re
search and Development Department
will be on the campus tomorrow to
interview male senior and graduate
students mnjoring in chemistry,
chemical engineering, and physics.
Appointments for interviews may
be arranged by calling at the Ap
pointment Service, room lßfi, Ad
ministration Building. telephone
9411. Local 288.
Representatives of the General
Electric Company will visit the?
campus tomorrow, Thursday, and
Friday to meet with engineers in
terested in the General Electric
training program. The company is
primarily interested in electrical and
mechanical engineering graduates,
but will have a few openings for in
dustrial engineers as well.
Mr. W. A. Moody, sales engineer
in the Apparatus Division, will ad
dress a group meeting of all inter
ested men tomorrow at 4:15 in room
283 of the Engineering School. Mr.
W. G. Lee, a motor specialist with
General Electric, and Mr. Clyde
Binns, assistant to the district man
ager, will interview men for posi
tions on Thursday.
Mr. B. B. Bright, personnel super
visor of the Atlantic Refining Com
pany, and Mr. Houghton of the Re
search and Development Department
will be on the campus tomorrow to
interview male senior and graduate
students mnjoring in chemistry,
chemical engineering, and physics.
Appointments for interviews may
be arranged by calling at the Ap
pointment Service, room lßfi, Ad
ministration Building. telephone
9411. Local 288.
Representatives of the General
Electric Company will visit the?
campus tomorrow, Thursday, and
Friday to meet with engineers in
terested in the General Electric
training program. The company is
primarily interested in electrical and
mechanical engineering graduates,
but will have a few openings for in
dustrial engineers as well.
Mr. W. A. Moody, sales engineer
in the Apparatus Division, will ad
dress a group meeting of all inter
ested men tomorrow at 4:15 in room
283 of the Engineering School. Mr.
W. G. Lee, a motor specialist with
General Electric, and Mr. Clyde
Binns, assistant to the district man
ager, will interview men for posi
tions on Thursday.
Mr. B. B. Bright, personnel super
visor of the Atlantic Refining Com
pany, and Mr. Houghton of the Re
search and Development Department
will be on the campus tomorrow to
interview male senior and graduate
students mnjoring in chemistry,
chemical engineering, and physics.
Appointments for interviews may
be arranged by calling at the Ap
pointment Service, room lßfi, Ad
ministration Building. telephone
9411. Local 288.
Representatives of the General
Electric Company will visit the?
campus tomorrow, Thursday, and
Friday to meet with engineers in
terested in the General Electric
training program. The company is
primarily interested in electrical and
mechanical engineering graduates,
but will have a few openings for in
dustrial engineers as well.
Mr. W. A. Moody, sales engineer
in the Apparatus Division, will ad
dress a group meeting of all inter
ested men tomorrow at 4:15 in room
283 of the Engineering School. Mr.
W. G. Lee, a motor specialist with
General Electric, and Mr. Clyde
Binns, assistant to the district man
ager, will interview men for posi
tions on Thursday.
Mr. B. B. Bright, personnel super
visor of the Atlantic Refining Com
pany, and Mr. Houghton of the Re
search and Development Department
will be on the campus tomorrow to
interview male senior and graduate
students mnjoring in chemistry,
chemical engineering, and physics.
Appointments for interviews may
be arranged by calling at the Ap
pointment Service, room lßfi, Ad
ministration Building. telephone
9411. Local 288.
Representatives of the General
Electric Company will visit the?
campus tomorrow, Thursday, and
Friday to meet with engineers in
terested in the General Electric
training program. The company is
primarily interested in electrical and
mechanical engineering graduates,
but will have a few openings for in
dustrial engineers as well.
Mr. W. A. Moody, sales engineer
in the Apparatus Division, will ad
dress a group meeting of all inter
ested men tomorrow at 4:15 in room
283 of the Engineering School. Mr.
W. G. Lee, a motor specialist with
General Electric, and Mr. Clyde
Binns, assistant to the district man
ager, will interview men for posi
tions on Thursday.
Mr. B. B. Bright, personnel super
visor of the Atlantic Refining Com
pany, and Mr. Houghton of the Re
search and Development Department
will be on the campus tomorrow to
interview male senior and graduate
students mnjoring in chemistry,
chemical engineering, and physics.
Appointments for interviews may
be arranged by calling at the Ap
pointment Service, room lßfi, Ad
ministration Building. telephone
9411. Local 288.
Representatives of the General
Electric Company will visit the?
campus tomorrow, Thursday, and
Friday to meet with engineers in
terested in the General Electric
training program. The company is
primarily interested in electrical and
mechanical engineering graduates,
but will have a few openings for in
dustrial engineers as well.
Mr. W. A. Moody, sales engineer
in the Apparatus Division, will ad
dress a group meeting of all inter
ested men tomorrow at 4:15 in room
283 of the Engineering School. Mr.
W. G. Lee, a motor specialist with
General Electric, and Mr. Clyde
Binns, assistant to the district man
ager, will interview men for posi
tions on Thursday.
Mr. B. B. Bright, personnel super
visor of the Atlantic Refining Com
pany, and Mr. Houghton of the Re
search and Development Department
will be on the campus tomorrow to
interview male senior and graduate
students mnjoring in chemistry,
chemical engineering, and physics.
Appointments for interviews may
be arranged by calling at the Ap
pointment Service, room lßfi, Ad
ministration Building. telephone
9411. Local 288.
Representatives of the General
Electric Company will visit the?
campus tomorrow, Thursday, and
Friday to meet with engineers in
terested in the General Electric
training program. The company is
primarily interested in electrical and
mechanical engineering graduates,
but will have a few openings for in
dustrial engineers as well.
Mr. W. A. Moody, sales engineer
in the Apparatus Division, will ad
dress a group meeting of all inter
ested men tomorrow at 4:15 in room
283 of the Engineering School. Mr.
W. G. Lee, a motor specialist with
General Electric, and Mr. Clyde
Binns, assistant to the district man
ager, will interview men for posi
tions on Thursday.
Mr. B. B. Bright, personnel super
visor of the Atlantic Refining Com
pany, and Mr. Houghton of the Re
search and Development Department
will be on the campus tomorrow to
interview male senior and graduate
students mnjoring in chemistry,
chemical engineering, and physics.
Appointments for interviews may
be arranged by calling at the Ap
pointment Service, room lßfi, Ad
ministration Building. telephone
9411. Local 288.
Representatives of the General
Electric Company will visit the?
campus tomorrow, Thursday, and
Friday to meet with engineers in
terested in the General Electric
training program. The company is
primarily interested in electrical and
mechanical engineering graduates,
but will have a few openings for in
dustrial engineers as well.
Mr. W. A. Moody, sales engineer
in the Apparatus Division, will ad
dress a group meeting of all inter
ested men tomorrow at 4:15 in room
283 of the Engineering School. Mr.
W. G. Lee, a motor specialist with
General Electric, and Mr. Clyde
Binns, assistant to the district man
ager, will interview men for posi
tions on Thursday.
Mr. B. B. Bright, personnel super
visor of the Atlantic Refining Com
pany, and Mr. Houghton of the Re
search and Development Department
will be on the campus tomorrow to
interview male senior and graduate
students mnjoring in chemistry,
chemical engineering, and physics.
Appointments for interviews may
be arranged by calling at the Ap
pointment Service, room lßfi, Ad
ministration Building. telephone
9411. Local 288.
Representatives of the General
Electric Company will visit the?
campus tomorrow, Thursday, and
Friday to meet with engineers in
terested in the General Electric
training program. The company is
primarily interested in electrical and
mechanical engineering graduates,
but will have a few openings for in
dustrial engineers as well.
Mr. W. A. Moody, sales engineer
in the Apparatus Division, will ad
dress a group meeting of all inter
ested men tomorrow at 4:15 in room
283 of the Engineering School. Mr.
W. G. Lee, a motor specialist with
General Electric, and Mr. Clyde
Binns, assistant to the district man
ager, will interview men for posi
tions on Thursday.
Mr. B. B. Bright, personnel super
visor of the Atlantic Refining Com
pany, and Mr. Houghton of the Re
search and Development Department
will be on the campus tomorrow to
interview male senior and graduate
students mnjoring in chemistry,
chemical engineering, and physics.
Appointments for interviews may
be arranged by calling at the Ap
pointment Service, room lßfi, Ad
ministration Building. telephone
9411. Local 288.
Representatives of the General
Electric Company will visit the?
campus tomorrow, Thursday, and
Friday to meet with engineers in
terested in the General Electric
training program. The company is
primarily interested in electrical and
mechanical engineering graduates,
but will have a few openings for in
dustrial engineers as well.
Mr. W. A. Moody, sales engineer
in the Apparatus Division, will ad
dress a group meeting of all inter
ested men tomorrow at 4:15 in room
283 of the Engineering School. Mr.
W. G. Lee, a motor specialist with
General Electric, and Mr. Clyde
Binns, assistant to the district man
ager, will interview men for posi
tions on Thursday.
Mr. B. B. Bright, personnel super
visor of the Atlantic Refining Com
pany, and Mr. Houghton of the Re
search and Development Department
will be on the campus tomorrow to
interview male senior and graduate
students mnjoring in chemistry,
chemical engineering, and physics.
Appointments for interviews may
be arranged by calling at the Ap
pointment Service, room lßfi, Ad
ministration Building. telephone
9411. Local 288.
Representatives of the General
Electric Company will visit the?
campus tomorrow, Thursday, and
Friday to meet with engineers in
terested in the General Electric
training program. The company is
primarily interested in electrical and
mechanical engineering graduates,
but will have a few openings for in
dustrial engineers as well.
Mr. W. A. Moody, sales engineer
in the Apparatus Division, will ad
dress a group meeting of all inter
ested men tomorrow at 4:15 in room
283 of the Engineering School. Mr.
W. G. Lee, a motor specialist with
General Electric, and Mr. Clyde
Binns, assistant to the district man
ager, will interview men for posi
tions on Thursday.
Mr. B. B. Bright, personnel super
visor of the Atlantic Refining Com
pany, and Mr. Houghton of the Re
search and Development Department
will be on the campus tomorrow to
interview male senior and graduate
students mnjoring in chemistry,
chemical engineering, and physics.
Appointments for interviews may
be arranged by calling at the Ap
pointment Service, room lßfi, Ad
ministration Building. telephone
9411. Local 288.
Representatives of the General
Electric Company will visit the?
campus tomorrow, Thursday, and
Friday to meet with engineers in
terested in the General Electric
training program. The company is
primarily interested in electrical and
mechanical engineering graduates,
but will have a few openings for in
dustrial engineers as well.
Mr. W. A. Moody, sales engineer
in the Apparatus Division, will ad
dress a group meeting of all inter
ested men tomorrow at 4:15 in room
283 of the Engineering School. Mr.
W. G. Lee, a motor specialist with
General Electric, and Mr. Clyde
Binns, assistant to the district man
ager, will interview men for posi
tions on Thursday.
Mr. B. B. Bright, personnel super
visor of the Atlantic Refining Com
pany, and Mr. Houghton of the Re
search and Development Department
will be on the campus tomorrow to
interview male senior and graduate
students mnjoring in chemistry,
chemical engineering, and physics.
Appointments for interviews may
be arranged by calling at the Ap
pointment Service, room lßfi, Ad
ministration Building. telephone
9411. Local 288.
Representatives of the General
Electric Company will visit the?
campus tomorrow, Thursday, and
Friday to meet with engineers in
terested in the General Electric
training program. The company is
primarily interested in electrical and
mechanical engineering graduates,
but will have a few openings for in
dustrial engineers as well.
Mr. W. A. Moody, sales engineer
in the Apparatus Division, will ad
dress a group meeting of all inter
ested men tomorrow at 4:15 in room
283 of the Engineering School. Mr.
W. G. Lee, a motor specialist with
General Electric, and Mr. Clyde
Binns, assistant to the district man
ager, will interview men for posi
tions on Thursday.
Mr. B. B. Bright, personnel super
visor of the Atlantic Refining Com
pany, and Mr. Houghton of the Re
search and Development Department
will be on the campus tomorrow to
interview male senior and graduate
students mnjoring in chemistry,
chemical engineering, and physics.
Appointments for interviews may
be arranged by calling at the Ap
pointment Service, room lßfi, Ad
ministration Building. telephone
9411. Local 288.
Representatives of the General
Electric Company will visit the?
campus tomorrow, Thursday, and
Friday to meet with engineers in
terested in the General Electric
training program. The company is
primarily interested in electrical and
mechanical engineering graduates,
but will have a few openings for in
dustrial engineers as well.
Mr. W. A. Moody, sales engineer
in the Apparatus Division, will ad
dress a group meeting of all inter
ested men tomorrow at 4:15 in room
283 of the Engineering School. Mr.
W. G. Lee, a motor specialist with
General Electric, and Mr. Clyde
Binns, assistant to the district man
ager, will interview men for posi
tions on Thursday.
Mr. B. B. Bright, personnel super
visor of the Atlantic Refining Com
pany, and Mr. Houghton of the Re
search and Development Department
will be on the campus tomorrow to
interview male senior and graduate
students mnjoring in chemistry,
chemical engineering, and physics.
Appointments for interviews may
be arranged by calling at the Ap
pointment Service, room lßfi, Ad
ministration Building. telephone
9411. Local 288.
