# NEWCOMERS MEET TOMORROW
## 
### 
Newcomers' Section of the Stan
ford Mothers' Club meets tomorrow
at 2 p.m. at the home of Mrs. Ches
ter Barker, 2271 Cowper Street,
Palo Alto.
Newcomers' Section of the Stan
ford Mothers' Club meets tomorrow
at 2 p.m. at the home of Mrs. Ches
ter Barker, 2271 Cowper Street,
Palo Alto.
Newcomers' Section of the Stan
ford Mothers' Club meets tomorrow
at 2 p.m. at the home of Mrs. Ches
ter Barker, 2271 Cowper Street,
Palo Alto.
Newcomers' Section of the Stan
ford Mothers' Club meets tomorrow
at 2 p.m. at the home of Mrs. Ches
ter Barker, 2271 Cowper Street,
Palo Alto.
Newcomers' Section of the Stan
ford Mothers' Club meets tomorrow
at 2 p.m. at the home of Mrs. Ches
ter Barker, 2271 Cowper Street,
Palo Alto.
Newcomers' Section of the Stan
ford Mothers' Club meets tomorrow
at 2 p.m. at the home of Mrs. Ches
ter Barker, 2271 Cowper Street,
Palo Alto.
Newcomers' Section of the Stan
ford Mothers' Club meets tomorrow
at 2 p.m. at the home of Mrs. Ches
ter Barker, 2271 Cowper Street,
Palo Alto.
Newcomers' Section of the Stan
ford Mothers' Club meets tomorrow
at 2 p.m. at the home of Mrs. Ches
ter Barker, 2271 Cowper Street,
Palo Alto.
Newcomers' Section of the Stan
ford Mothers' Club meets tomorrow
at 2 p.m. at the home of Mrs. Ches
ter Barker, 2271 Cowper Street,
Palo Alto.
Newcomers' Section of the Stan
ford Mothers' Club meets tomorrow
at 2 p.m. at the home of Mrs. Ches
ter Barker, 2271 Cowper Street,
Palo Alto.
Newcomers' Section of the Stan
ford Mothers' Club meets tomorrow
at 2 p.m. at the home of Mrs. Ches
ter Barker, 2271 Cowper Street,
Palo Alto.
Newcomers' Section of the Stan
ford Mothers' Club meets tomorrow
at 2 p.m. at the home of Mrs. Ches
ter Barker, 2271 Cowper Street,
Palo Alto.
Newcomers' Section of the Stan
ford Mothers' Club meets tomorrow
at 2 p.m. at the home of Mrs. Ches
ter Barker, 2271 Cowper Street,
Palo Alto.
Newcomers' Section of the Stan
ford Mothers' Club meets tomorrow
at 2 p.m. at the home of Mrs. Ches
ter Barker, 2271 Cowper Street,
Palo Alto.
Newcomers' Section of the Stan
ford Mothers' Club meets tomorrow
at 2 p.m. at the home of Mrs. Ches
ter Barker, 2271 Cowper Street,
Palo Alto.
