# Stanford-Cal Tickets Sold in Two Hours
## 
### 
Stanford-Cal rooters' tickets
sold out in two hours, Don Lie
bendorfcr, S.A.C. news scrvice
director, announced yesterday.
Plans are being made to broad
cast the second half of the
UCLA-USC jfame after Friday's
tilt, Liebendorfer said, to allow
Stanford rooters to bear the out
come of the southern game with
out leaving the Pavilion.
Stanford-Cal rooters' tickets
sold out in two hours, Don Lie
bendorfcr, S.A.C. news scrvice
director, announced yesterday.
Plans are being made to broad
cast the second half of the
UCLA-USC jfame after Friday's
tilt, Liebendorfer said, to allow
Stanford rooters to bear the out
come of the southern game with
out leaving the Pavilion.
Stanford-Cal rooters' tickets
sold out in two hours, Don Lie
bendorfcr, S.A.C. news scrvice
director, announced yesterday.
Plans are being made to broad
cast the second half of the
UCLA-USC jfame after Friday's
tilt, Liebendorfer said, to allow
Stanford rooters to bear the out
come of the southern game with
out leaving the Pavilion.
Stanford-Cal rooters' tickets
sold out in two hours, Don Lie
bendorfcr, S.A.C. news scrvice
director, announced yesterday.
Plans are being made to broad
cast the second half of the
UCLA-USC jfame after Friday's
tilt, Liebendorfer said, to allow
Stanford rooters to bear the out
come of the southern game with
out leaving the Pavilion.
Stanford-Cal rooters' tickets
sold out in two hours, Don Lie
bendorfcr, S.A.C. news scrvice
director, announced yesterday.
Plans are being made to broad
cast the second half of the
UCLA-USC jfame after Friday's
tilt, Liebendorfer said, to allow
Stanford rooters to bear the out
come of the southern game with
out leaving the Pavilion.
Stanford-Cal rooters' tickets
sold out in two hours, Don Lie
bendorfcr, S.A.C. news scrvice
director, announced yesterday.
Plans are being made to broad
cast the second half of the
UCLA-USC jfame after Friday's
tilt, Liebendorfer said, to allow
Stanford rooters to bear the out
come of the southern game with
out leaving the Pavilion.
Stanford-Cal rooters' tickets
sold out in two hours, Don Lie
bendorfcr, S.A.C. news scrvice
director, announced yesterday.
Plans are being made to broad
cast the second half of the
UCLA-USC jfame after Friday's
tilt, Liebendorfer said, to allow
Stanford rooters to bear the out
come of the southern game with
out leaving the Pavilion.
Stanford-Cal rooters' tickets
sold out in two hours, Don Lie
bendorfcr, S.A.C. news scrvice
director, announced yesterday.
Plans are being made to broad
cast the second half of the
UCLA-USC jfame after Friday's
tilt, Liebendorfer said, to allow
Stanford rooters to bear the out
come of the southern game with
out leaving the Pavilion.
Stanford-Cal rooters' tickets
sold out in two hours, Don Lie
bendorfcr, S.A.C. news scrvice
director, announced yesterday.
Plans are being made to broad
cast the second half of the
UCLA-USC jfame after Friday's
tilt, Liebendorfer said, to allow
Stanford rooters to bear the out
come of the southern game with
out leaving the Pavilion.
Stanford-Cal rooters' tickets
sold out in two hours, Don Lie
bendorfcr, S.A.C. news scrvice
director, announced yesterday.
Plans are being made to broad
cast the second half of the
UCLA-USC jfame after Friday's
tilt, Liebendorfer said, to allow
Stanford rooters to bear the out
come of the southern game with
out leaving the Pavilion.
Stanford-Cal rooters' tickets
sold out in two hours, Don Lie
bendorfcr, S.A.C. news scrvice
director, announced yesterday.
Plans are being made to broad
cast the second half of the
UCLA-USC jfame after Friday's
tilt, Liebendorfer said, to allow
Stanford rooters to bear the out
come of the southern game with
out leaving the Pavilion.
Stanford-Cal rooters' tickets
sold out in two hours, Don Lie
bendorfcr, S.A.C. news scrvice
director, announced yesterday.
Plans are being made to broad
cast the second half of the
UCLA-USC jfame after Friday's
tilt, Liebendorfer said, to allow
Stanford rooters to bear the out
come of the southern game with
out leaving the Pavilion.
Stanford-Cal rooters' tickets
sold out in two hours, Don Lie
bendorfcr, S.A.C. news scrvice
director, announced yesterday.
Plans are being made to broad
cast the second half of the
UCLA-USC jfame after Friday's
tilt, Liebendorfer said, to allow
Stanford rooters to bear the out
come of the southern game with
out leaving the Pavilion.
Stanford-Cal rooters' tickets
sold out in two hours, Don Lie
bendorfcr, S.A.C. news scrvice
director, announced yesterday.
Plans are being made to broad
cast the second half of the
UCLA-USC jfame after Friday's
tilt, Liebendorfer said, to allow
Stanford rooters to bear the out
come of the southern game with
out leaving the Pavilion.
Stanford-Cal rooters' tickets
sold out in two hours, Don Lie
bendorfcr, S.A.C. news scrvice
director, announced yesterday.
Plans are being made to broad
cast the second half of the
UCLA-USC jfame after Friday's
tilt, Liebendorfer said, to allow
Stanford rooters to bear the out
come of the southern game with
out leaving the Pavilion.
