# Work to Be Suspended Wednesday.
## 
### 
All University exercises will be
suspended on Wednesday, Febru
ary 28th, in memory of Mrs. Stan
ford's death, which occurred on
February 28, 1905.
All University exercises will be
suspended on Wednesday, Febru
ary 28th, in memory of Mrs. Stan
ford's death, which occurred on
February 28, 1905.
All University exercises will be
suspended on Wednesday, Febru
ary 28th, in memory of Mrs. Stan
ford's death, which occurred on
February 28, 1905.
All University exercises will be
suspended on Wednesday, Febru
ary 28th, in memory of Mrs. Stan
ford's death, which occurred on
February 28, 1905.
All University exercises will be
suspended on Wednesday, Febru
ary 28th, in memory of Mrs. Stan
ford's death, which occurred on
February 28, 1905.
All University exercises will be
suspended on Wednesday, Febru
ary 28th, in memory of Mrs. Stan
ford's death, which occurred on
February 28, 1905.
All University exercises will be
suspended on Wednesday, Febru
ary 28th, in memory of Mrs. Stan
ford's death, which occurred on
February 28, 1905.
All University exercises will be
suspended on Wednesday, Febru
ary 28th, in memory of Mrs. Stan
ford's death, which occurred on
February 28, 1905.
All University exercises will be
suspended on Wednesday, Febru
ary 28th, in memory of Mrs. Stan
ford's death, which occurred on
February 28, 1905.
