# Junior Day Arrangements Progress.
## 
### 
Arrangements' for the festivities
of Junior Day, March 30th, are al
most complete. The Varsity will
play the St. Mary's team in the af
ternoon, and it is probable that a
track team chosen from the three
upper classes will meet the Olym
pic Club team in the morning.
Manager Barrett is now negotiat
ing this meet, but lias not made
the final arrangements.
At the meeting of the Junior Day
committee last night it was decided
to issue a souvenir program of all
the events, including the. Junior
farce and the prom. The booklet
will be of a neat design, and will
be on sale at a nominal price sev
eral days in advance.
The University authorities have
granted a holiday for March 30th,
and have also consented that the
prom, be held in the Encina club
room.
Arrangements' for the festivities
of Junior Day, March 30th, are al
most complete. The Varsity will
play the St. Mary's team in the af
ternoon, and it is probable that a
track team chosen from the three
upper classes will meet the Olym
pic Club team in the morning.
Manager Barrett is now negotiat
ing this meet, but lias not made
the final arrangements.
At the meeting of the Junior Day
committee last night it was decided
to issue a souvenir program of all
the events, including the. Junior
farce and the prom. The booklet
will be of a neat design, and will
be on sale at a nominal price sev
eral days in advance.
The University authorities have
granted a holiday for March 30th,
and have also consented that the
prom, be held in the Encina club
room.
Arrangements' for the festivities
of Junior Day, March 30th, are al
most complete. The Varsity will
play the St. Mary's team in the af
ternoon, and it is probable that a
track team chosen from the three
upper classes will meet the Olym
pic Club team in the morning.
Manager Barrett is now negotiat
ing this meet, but lias not made
the final arrangements.
At the meeting of the Junior Day
committee last night it was decided
to issue a souvenir program of all
the events, including the. Junior
farce and the prom. The booklet
will be of a neat design, and will
be on sale at a nominal price sev
eral days in advance.
The University authorities have
granted a holiday for March 30th,
and have also consented that the
prom, be held in the Encina club
room.
Arrangements' for the festivities
of Junior Day, March 30th, are al
most complete. The Varsity will
play the St. Mary's team in the af
ternoon, and it is probable that a
track team chosen from the three
upper classes will meet the Olym
pic Club team in the morning.
Manager Barrett is now negotiat
ing this meet, but lias not made
the final arrangements.
At the meeting of the Junior Day
committee last night it was decided
to issue a souvenir program of all
the events, including the. Junior
farce and the prom. The booklet
will be of a neat design, and will
be on sale at a nominal price sev
eral days in advance.
The University authorities have
granted a holiday for March 30th,
and have also consented that the
prom, be held in the Encina club
room.
Arrangements' for the festivities
of Junior Day, March 30th, are al
most complete. The Varsity will
play the St. Mary's team in the af
ternoon, and it is probable that a
track team chosen from the three
upper classes will meet the Olym
pic Club team in the morning.
Manager Barrett is now negotiat
ing this meet, but lias not made
the final arrangements.
At the meeting of the Junior Day
committee last night it was decided
to issue a souvenir program of all
the events, including the. Junior
farce and the prom. The booklet
will be of a neat design, and will
be on sale at a nominal price sev
eral days in advance.
The University authorities have
granted a holiday for March 30th,
and have also consented that the
prom, be held in the Encina club
room.
Arrangements' for the festivities
of Junior Day, March 30th, are al
most complete. The Varsity will
play the St. Mary's team in the af
ternoon, and it is probable that a
track team chosen from the three
upper classes will meet the Olym
pic Club team in the morning.
Manager Barrett is now negotiat
ing this meet, but lias not made
the final arrangements.
At the meeting of the Junior Day
committee last night it was decided
to issue a souvenir program of all
the events, including the. Junior
farce and the prom. The booklet
will be of a neat design, and will
be on sale at a nominal price sev
eral days in advance.
The University authorities have
granted a holiday for March 30th,
and have also consented that the
prom, be held in the Encina club
room.
Arrangements' for the festivities
of Junior Day, March 30th, are al
most complete. The Varsity will
play the St. Mary's team in the af
ternoon, and it is probable that a
track team chosen from the three
upper classes will meet the Olym
pic Club team in the morning.
Manager Barrett is now negotiat
ing this meet, but lias not made
the final arrangements.
At the meeting of the Junior Day
committee last night it was decided
to issue a souvenir program of all
the events, including the. Junior
farce and the prom. The booklet
will be of a neat design, and will
be on sale at a nominal price sev
eral days in advance.
The University authorities have
granted a holiday for March 30th,
and have also consented that the
prom, be held in the Encina club
room.
Arrangements' for the festivities
of Junior Day, March 30th, are al
most complete. The Varsity will
play the St. Mary's team in the af
ternoon, and it is probable that a
track team chosen from the three
upper classes will meet the Olym
pic Club team in the morning.
Manager Barrett is now negotiat
ing this meet, but lias not made
the final arrangements.
At the meeting of the Junior Day
committee last night it was decided
to issue a souvenir program of all
the events, including the. Junior
farce and the prom. The booklet
will be of a neat design, and will
be on sale at a nominal price sev
eral days in advance.
The University authorities have
granted a holiday for March 30th,
and have also consented that the
prom, be held in the Encina club
room.
Arrangements' for the festivities
of Junior Day, March 30th, are al
most complete. The Varsity will
play the St. Mary's team in the af
ternoon, and it is probable that a
track team chosen from the three
upper classes will meet the Olym
pic Club team in the morning.
Manager Barrett is now negotiat
ing this meet, but lias not made
the final arrangements.
At the meeting of the Junior Day
committee last night it was decided
to issue a souvenir program of all
the events, including the. Junior
farce and the prom. The booklet
will be of a neat design, and will
be on sale at a nominal price sev
eral days in advance.
The University authorities have
granted a holiday for March 30th,
and have also consented that the
prom, be held in the Encina club
room.
