# Correction
## 
### 
In yesterday's article about
Stanford's recent designation as an
exemplary school for junior faculty
("Report finds junior faculty satis
fied"), ITie Daily mistakenly re
ferred to Vice Provost for Develop

ment Pat Jones — whose full name
is Patricia — as male. Not only is
Pat Jones a woman, but one of her
responsibilities is to promote the
recruitment and success of female
faculty.
In yesterday's article about
Stanford's recent designation as an
exemplary school for junior faculty
("Report finds junior faculty satis
fied"), ITie Daily mistakenly re
ferred to Vice Provost for Develop

ment Pat Jones — whose full name
is Patricia — as male. Not only is
Pat Jones a woman, but one of her
responsibilities is to promote the
recruitment and success of female
faculty.
In yesterday's article about
Stanford's recent designation as an
exemplary school for junior faculty
("Report finds junior faculty satis
fied"), ITie Daily mistakenly re
ferred to Vice Provost for Develop

ment Pat Jones — whose full name
is Patricia — as male. Not only is
Pat Jones a woman, but one of her
responsibilities is to promote the
recruitment and success of female
faculty.
In yesterday's article about
Stanford's recent designation as an
exemplary school for junior faculty
("Report finds junior faculty satis
fied"), ITie Daily mistakenly re
ferred to Vice Provost for Develop

ment Pat Jones — whose full name
is Patricia — as male. Not only is
Pat Jones a woman, but one of her
responsibilities is to promote the
recruitment and success of female
faculty.
In yesterday's article about
Stanford's recent designation as an
exemplary school for junior faculty
("Report finds junior faculty satis
fied"), ITie Daily mistakenly re
ferred to Vice Provost for Develop

ment Pat Jones — whose full name
is Patricia — as male. Not only is
Pat Jones a woman, but one of her
responsibilities is to promote the
recruitment and success of female
faculty.
In yesterday's article about
Stanford's recent designation as an
exemplary school for junior faculty
("Report finds junior faculty satis
fied"), ITie Daily mistakenly re
ferred to Vice Provost for Develop

ment Pat Jones — whose full name
is Patricia — as male. Not only is
Pat Jones a woman, but one of her
responsibilities is to promote the
recruitment and success of female
faculty.
