# No Lecture This Evening.
## 
### 
The University lecture which was
to have been given this evening by
Dr. Jordan on "The fur seal as an
international issue" has been post
poned on account of a severe cold
which Dr. Jordan has contracted.
The University lecture which was
to have been given this evening by
Dr. Jordan on "The fur seal as an
international issue" has been post
poned on account of a severe cold
which Dr. Jordan has contracted.
The University lecture which was
to have been given this evening by
Dr. Jordan on "The fur seal as an
international issue" has been post
poned on account of a severe cold
which Dr. Jordan has contracted.
The University lecture which was
to have been given this evening by
Dr. Jordan on "The fur seal as an
international issue" has been post
poned on account of a severe cold
which Dr. Jordan has contracted.
The University lecture which was
to have been given this evening by
Dr. Jordan on "The fur seal as an
international issue" has been post
poned on account of a severe cold
which Dr. Jordan has contracted.
