# Fit for a king and queen
## 
### 

Above, University Presi
dent Gerhard Casper walks
with the Norwegian royal
couple, King Harald and
Queen Sonja, after touring
Memorial Church. Earlier in
the day, the king and queen
toured Lou Henry Hoover
House as the guests of
Casper and his wife, Regi
na. Left, holding their coun
try's flags, a Norwegian
family stands in the Main
Quad waiting to greet the
royal couple.


Photos by Allison Otto — Daily

Above, University Presi
dent Gerhard Casper walks
with the Norwegian royal
couple, King Harald and
Queen Sonja, after touring
Memorial Church. Earlier in
the day, the king and queen
toured Lou Henry Hoover
House as the guests of
Casper and his wife, Regi
na. Left, holding their coun
try's flags, a Norwegian
family stands in the Main
Quad waiting to greet the
royal couple.


Photos by Allison Otto — Daily

Above, University Presi
dent Gerhard Casper walks
with the Norwegian royal
couple, King Harald and
Queen Sonja, after touring
Memorial Church. Earlier in
the day, the king and queen
toured Lou Henry Hoover
House as the guests of
Casper and his wife, Regi
na. Left, holding their coun
try's flags, a Norwegian
family stands in the Main
Quad waiting to greet the
royal couple.


Photos by Allison Otto — Daily

Above, University Presi
dent Gerhard Casper walks
with the Norwegian royal
couple, King Harald and
Queen Sonja, after touring
Memorial Church. Earlier in
the day, the king and queen
toured Lou Henry Hoover
House as the guests of
Casper and his wife, Regi
na. Left, holding their coun
try's flags, a Norwegian
family stands in the Main
Quad waiting to greet the
royal couple.


Photos by Allison Otto — Daily

Above, University Presi
dent Gerhard Casper walks
with the Norwegian royal
couple, King Harald and
Queen Sonja, after touring
Memorial Church. Earlier in
the day, the king and queen
toured Lou Henry Hoover
House as the guests of
Casper and his wife, Regi
na. Left, holding their coun
try's flags, a Norwegian
family stands in the Main
Quad waiting to greet the
royal couple.


Photos by Allison Otto — Daily

Above, University Presi
dent Gerhard Casper walks
with the Norwegian royal
couple, King Harald and
Queen Sonja, after touring
Memorial Church. Earlier in
the day, the king and queen
toured Lou Henry Hoover
House as the guests of
Casper and his wife, Regi
na. Left, holding their coun
try's flags, a Norwegian
family stands in the Main
Quad waiting to greet the
royal couple.


Photos by Allison Otto — Daily

Above, University Presi
dent Gerhard Casper walks
with the Norwegian royal
couple, King Harald and
Queen Sonja, after touring
Memorial Church. Earlier in
the day, the king and queen
toured Lou Henry Hoover
House as the guests of
Casper and his wife, Regi
na. Left, holding their coun
try's flags, a Norwegian
family stands in the Main
Quad waiting to greet the
royal couple.


Photos by Allison Otto — Daily
