# Untitled Article
## 
### 
You
should have seen the sailing
team taking first at the
Stanford Invitational.
Sports, page 7

don't know
Students don't know how to
take normal course loads,
says Tony Small.
Opinions, page 4

how it feels
Ryan Wolters knows how it
feels to win the ITA
ail-American tournament.
Sports, page 7

Weather
Today: Sunny, highs
in upper 70s.
Wednesday: Bet
your bottom dollar
there'll be sunshine.


You
should have seen the sailing
team taking first at the
Stanford Invitational.
Sports, page 7

don't know
Students don't know how to
take normal course loads,
says Tony Small.
Opinions, page 4

how it feels
Ryan Wolters knows how it
feels to win the ITA
ail-American tournament.
Sports, page 7

Weather
Today: Sunny, highs
in upper 70s.
Wednesday: Bet
your bottom dollar
there'll be sunshine.


You
should have seen the sailing
team taking first at the
Stanford Invitational.
Sports, page 7

don't know
Students don't know how to
take normal course loads,
says Tony Small.
Opinions, page 4

how it feels
Ryan Wolters knows how it
feels to win the ITA
ail-American tournament.
Sports, page 7

Weather
Today: Sunny, highs
in upper 70s.
Wednesday: Bet
your bottom dollar
there'll be sunshine.


You
should have seen the sailing
team taking first at the
Stanford Invitational.
Sports, page 7

don't know
Students don't know how to
take normal course loads,
says Tony Small.
Opinions, page 4

how it feels
Ryan Wolters knows how it
feels to win the ITA
ail-American tournament.
Sports, page 7

Weather
Today: Sunny, highs
in upper 70s.
Wednesday: Bet
your bottom dollar
there'll be sunshine.


You
should have seen the sailing
team taking first at the
Stanford Invitational.
Sports, page 7

don't know
Students don't know how to
take normal course loads,
says Tony Small.
Opinions, page 4

how it feels
Ryan Wolters knows how it
feels to win the ITA
ail-American tournament.
Sports, page 7

Weather
Today: Sunny, highs
in upper 70s.
Wednesday: Bet
your bottom dollar
there'll be sunshine.


You
should have seen the sailing
team taking first at the
Stanford Invitational.
Sports, page 7

don't know
Students don't know how to
take normal course loads,
says Tony Small.
Opinions, page 4

how it feels
Ryan Wolters knows how it
feels to win the ITA
ail-American tournament.
Sports, page 7

Weather
Today: Sunny, highs
in upper 70s.
Wednesday: Bet
your bottom dollar
there'll be sunshine.


You
should have seen the sailing
team taking first at the
Stanford Invitational.
Sports, page 7

don't know
Students don't know how to
take normal course loads,
says Tony Small.
Opinions, page 4

how it feels
Ryan Wolters knows how it
feels to win the ITA
ail-American tournament.
Sports, page 7

Weather
Today: Sunny, highs
in upper 70s.
Wednesday: Bet
your bottom dollar
there'll be sunshine.


