# Saturday's Organ Recital.
## 
### 
The regular organ recital given
by Dr. Blodgett at 4 in Memorial
Church will be postponed next
Saturday from the regular time
until 5:30, on account of the per
formance of "Hamlet," which will
be at that time.
The regular organ recital given
by Dr. Blodgett at 4 in Memorial
Church will be postponed next
Saturday from the regular time
until 5:30, on account of the per
formance of "Hamlet," which will
be at that time.
The regular organ recital given
by Dr. Blodgett at 4 in Memorial
Church will be postponed next
Saturday from the regular time
until 5:30, on account of the per
formance of "Hamlet," which will
be at that time.
The regular organ recital given
by Dr. Blodgett at 4 in Memorial
Church will be postponed next
Saturday from the regular time
until 5:30, on account of the per
formance of "Hamlet," which will
be at that time.
The regular organ recital given
by Dr. Blodgett at 4 in Memorial
Church will be postponed next
Saturday from the regular time
until 5:30, on account of the per
formance of "Hamlet," which will
be at that time.
The regular organ recital given
by Dr. Blodgett at 4 in Memorial
Church will be postponed next
Saturday from the regular time
until 5:30, on account of the per
formance of "Hamlet," which will
be at that time.
The regular organ recital given
by Dr. Blodgett at 4 in Memorial
Church will be postponed next
Saturday from the regular time
until 5:30, on account of the per
formance of "Hamlet," which will
be at that time.
The regular organ recital given
by Dr. Blodgett at 4 in Memorial
Church will be postponed next
Saturday from the regular time
until 5:30, on account of the per
formance of "Hamlet," which will
be at that time.
