# SENIOR CLASS
## '54 Reunion Held Today 
### 
Seniors will have an opportunity
this afternoon to abandon work on
mid-terms and converge on Rudy's
for a class "Raunch Reunion." Tick
ets for the function, which begins
at 5:30, are on sale around the
Quad, at the ASSU office, and at the
reunion.
The 50 - cent admission will in
clude a spaghetti dinner, with meat
or tomato sauce. Seniors may dance
to the music provided by a band
whose identity is being kept under
wraps.
Transportation for coeds who lack
rides will be provided by a "Raunch
Express" which will make stops out
side women's residences where a
sufficient number of girls have re
quested it.
Although tickets for the stag-or
drag affair will be available at the
reunion, they may also be pur
chased from any of the following
people: Maggie Chantry. Margo
Bernstein. Martha Chappie, Mel
Bethke, Jackie Beqien. Mary Lu
Hanna. Lin Robertson, Chloe Nye,
Elena Bosworth. Janelle Duncan.
Ginny Burns, Janie Beel. or Marsh
Freeman.
Seniors will have an opportunity
this afternoon to abandon work on
mid-terms and converge on Rudy's
for a class "Raunch Reunion." Tick
ets for the function, which begins
at 5:30, are on sale around the
Quad, at the ASSU office, and at the
reunion.
The 50 - cent admission will in
clude a spaghetti dinner, with meat
or tomato sauce. Seniors may dance
to the music provided by a band
whose identity is being kept under
wraps.
Transportation for coeds who lack
rides will be provided by a "Raunch
Express" which will make stops out
side women's residences where a
sufficient number of girls have re
quested it.
Although tickets for the stag-or
drag affair will be available at the
reunion, they may also be pur
chased from any of the following
people: Maggie Chantry. Margo
Bernstein. Martha Chappie, Mel
Bethke, Jackie Beqien. Mary Lu
Hanna. Lin Robertson, Chloe Nye,
Elena Bosworth. Janelle Duncan.
Ginny Burns, Janie Beel. or Marsh
Freeman.
Seniors will have an opportunity
this afternoon to abandon work on
mid-terms and converge on Rudy's
for a class "Raunch Reunion." Tick
ets for the function, which begins
at 5:30, are on sale around the
Quad, at the ASSU office, and at the
reunion.
The 50 - cent admission will in
clude a spaghetti dinner, with meat
or tomato sauce. Seniors may dance
to the music provided by a band
whose identity is being kept under
wraps.
Transportation for coeds who lack
rides will be provided by a "Raunch
Express" which will make stops out
side women's residences where a
sufficient number of girls have re
quested it.
Although tickets for the stag-or
drag affair will be available at the
reunion, they may also be pur
chased from any of the following
people: Maggie Chantry. Margo
Bernstein. Martha Chappie, Mel
Bethke, Jackie Beqien. Mary Lu
Hanna. Lin Robertson, Chloe Nye,
Elena Bosworth. Janelle Duncan.
Ginny Burns, Janie Beel. or Marsh
Freeman.
Seniors will have an opportunity
this afternoon to abandon work on
mid-terms and converge on Rudy's
for a class "Raunch Reunion." Tick
ets for the function, which begins
at 5:30, are on sale around the
Quad, at the ASSU office, and at the
reunion.
The 50 - cent admission will in
clude a spaghetti dinner, with meat
or tomato sauce. Seniors may dance
to the music provided by a band
whose identity is being kept under
wraps.
Transportation for coeds who lack
rides will be provided by a "Raunch
Express" which will make stops out
side women's residences where a
sufficient number of girls have re
quested it.
Although tickets for the stag-or
drag affair will be available at the
reunion, they may also be pur
chased from any of the following
people: Maggie Chantry. Margo
Bernstein. Martha Chappie, Mel
Bethke, Jackie Beqien. Mary Lu
Hanna. Lin Robertson, Chloe Nye,
Elena Bosworth. Janelle Duncan.
Ginny Burns, Janie Beel. or Marsh
Freeman.
Seniors will have an opportunity
this afternoon to abandon work on
mid-terms and converge on Rudy's
for a class "Raunch Reunion." Tick
ets for the function, which begins
at 5:30, are on sale around the
Quad, at the ASSU office, and at the
reunion.
The 50 - cent admission will in
clude a spaghetti dinner, with meat
or tomato sauce. Seniors may dance
to the music provided by a band
whose identity is being kept under
wraps.
Transportation for coeds who lack
rides will be provided by a "Raunch
Express" which will make stops out
side women's residences where a
sufficient number of girls have re
quested it.
Although tickets for the stag-or
drag affair will be available at the
reunion, they may also be pur
chased from any of the following
people: Maggie Chantry. Margo
Bernstein. Martha Chappie, Mel
Bethke, Jackie Beqien. Mary Lu
Hanna. Lin Robertson, Chloe Nye,
Elena Bosworth. Janelle Duncan.
Ginny Burns, Janie Beel. or Marsh
Freeman.
Seniors will have an opportunity
this afternoon to abandon work on
mid-terms and converge on Rudy's
for a class "Raunch Reunion." Tick
ets for the function, which begins
at 5:30, are on sale around the
Quad, at the ASSU office, and at the
reunion.
The 50 - cent admission will in
clude a spaghetti dinner, with meat
or tomato sauce. Seniors may dance
to the music provided by a band
whose identity is being kept under
wraps.
Transportation for coeds who lack
rides will be provided by a "Raunch
Express" which will make stops out
side women's residences where a
sufficient number of girls have re
quested it.
Although tickets for the stag-or
drag affair will be available at the
reunion, they may also be pur
chased from any of the following
people: Maggie Chantry. Margo
Bernstein. Martha Chappie, Mel
Bethke, Jackie Beqien. Mary Lu
Hanna. Lin Robertson, Chloe Nye,
Elena Bosworth. Janelle Duncan.
Ginny Burns, Janie Beel. or Marsh
Freeman.
Seniors will have an opportunity
this afternoon to abandon work on
mid-terms and converge on Rudy's
for a class "Raunch Reunion." Tick
ets for the function, which begins
at 5:30, are on sale around the
Quad, at the ASSU office, and at the
reunion.
The 50 - cent admission will in
clude a spaghetti dinner, with meat
or tomato sauce. Seniors may dance
to the music provided by a band
whose identity is being kept under
wraps.
Transportation for coeds who lack
rides will be provided by a "Raunch
Express" which will make stops out
side women's residences where a
sufficient number of girls have re
quested it.
Although tickets for the stag-or
drag affair will be available at the
reunion, they may also be pur
chased from any of the following
people: Maggie Chantry. Margo
Bernstein. Martha Chappie, Mel
Bethke, Jackie Beqien. Mary Lu
Hanna. Lin Robertson, Chloe Nye,
Elena Bosworth. Janelle Duncan.
Ginny Burns, Janie Beel. or Marsh
Freeman.
Seniors will have an opportunity
this afternoon to abandon work on
mid-terms and converge on Rudy's
for a class "Raunch Reunion." Tick
ets for the function, which begins
at 5:30, are on sale around the
Quad, at the ASSU office, and at the
reunion.
The 50 - cent admission will in
clude a spaghetti dinner, with meat
or tomato sauce. Seniors may dance
to the music provided by a band
whose identity is being kept under
wraps.
Transportation for coeds who lack
rides will be provided by a "Raunch
Express" which will make stops out
side women's residences where a
sufficient number of girls have re
quested it.
Although tickets for the stag-or
drag affair will be available at the
reunion, they may also be pur
chased from any of the following
people: Maggie Chantry. Margo
Bernstein. Martha Chappie, Mel
Bethke, Jackie Beqien. Mary Lu
Hanna. Lin Robertson, Chloe Nye,
Elena Bosworth. Janelle Duncan.
Ginny Burns, Janie Beel. or Marsh
Freeman.
Seniors will have an opportunity
this afternoon to abandon work on
mid-terms and converge on Rudy's
for a class "Raunch Reunion." Tick
ets for the function, which begins
at 5:30, are on sale around the
Quad, at the ASSU office, and at the
reunion.
The 50 - cent admission will in
clude a spaghetti dinner, with meat
or tomato sauce. Seniors may dance
to the music provided by a band
whose identity is being kept under
wraps.
Transportation for coeds who lack
rides will be provided by a "Raunch
Express" which will make stops out
side women's residences where a
sufficient number of girls have re
quested it.
Although tickets for the stag-or
drag affair will be available at the
reunion, they may also be pur
chased from any of the following
people: Maggie Chantry. Margo
Bernstein. Martha Chappie, Mel
Bethke, Jackie Beqien. Mary Lu
Hanna. Lin Robertson, Chloe Nye,
Elena Bosworth. Janelle Duncan.
Ginny Burns, Janie Beel. or Marsh
Freeman.
Seniors will have an opportunity
this afternoon to abandon work on
mid-terms and converge on Rudy's
for a class "Raunch Reunion." Tick
ets for the function, which begins
at 5:30, are on sale around the
Quad, at the ASSU office, and at the
reunion.
The 50 - cent admission will in
clude a spaghetti dinner, with meat
or tomato sauce. Seniors may dance
to the music provided by a band
whose identity is being kept under
wraps.
Transportation for coeds who lack
rides will be provided by a "Raunch
Express" which will make stops out
side women's residences where a
sufficient number of girls have re
quested it.
Although tickets for the stag-or
drag affair will be available at the
reunion, they may also be pur
chased from any of the following
people: Maggie Chantry. Margo
Bernstein. Martha Chappie, Mel
Bethke, Jackie Beqien. Mary Lu
Hanna. Lin Robertson, Chloe Nye,
Elena Bosworth. Janelle Duncan.
Ginny Burns, Janie Beel. or Marsh
Freeman.
Seniors will have an opportunity
this afternoon to abandon work on
mid-terms and converge on Rudy's
for a class "Raunch Reunion." Tick
ets for the function, which begins
at 5:30, are on sale around the
Quad, at the ASSU office, and at the
reunion.
The 50 - cent admission will in
clude a spaghetti dinner, with meat
or tomato sauce. Seniors may dance
to the music provided by a band
whose identity is being kept under
wraps.
Transportation for coeds who lack
rides will be provided by a "Raunch
Express" which will make stops out
side women's residences where a
sufficient number of girls have re
quested it.
Although tickets for the stag-or
drag affair will be available at the
reunion, they may also be pur
chased from any of the following
people: Maggie Chantry. Margo
Bernstein. Martha Chappie, Mel
Bethke, Jackie Beqien. Mary Lu
Hanna. Lin Robertson, Chloe Nye,
Elena Bosworth. Janelle Duncan.
Ginny Burns, Janie Beel. or Marsh
Freeman.
Seniors will have an opportunity
this afternoon to abandon work on
mid-terms and converge on Rudy's
for a class "Raunch Reunion." Tick
ets for the function, which begins
at 5:30, are on sale around the
Quad, at the ASSU office, and at the
reunion.
The 50 - cent admission will in
clude a spaghetti dinner, with meat
or tomato sauce. Seniors may dance
to the music provided by a band
whose identity is being kept under
wraps.
Transportation for coeds who lack
rides will be provided by a "Raunch
Express" which will make stops out
side women's residences where a
sufficient number of girls have re
quested it.
Although tickets for the stag-or
drag affair will be available at the
reunion, they may also be pur
chased from any of the following
people: Maggie Chantry. Margo
Bernstein. Martha Chappie, Mel
Bethke, Jackie Beqien. Mary Lu
Hanna. Lin Robertson, Chloe Nye,
Elena Bosworth. Janelle Duncan.
Ginny Burns, Janie Beel. or Marsh
Freeman.
Seniors will have an opportunity
this afternoon to abandon work on
mid-terms and converge on Rudy's
for a class "Raunch Reunion." Tick
ets for the function, which begins
at 5:30, are on sale around the
Quad, at the ASSU office, and at the
reunion.
The 50 - cent admission will in
clude a spaghetti dinner, with meat
or tomato sauce. Seniors may dance
to the music provided by a band
whose identity is being kept under
wraps.
Transportation for coeds who lack
rides will be provided by a "Raunch
Express" which will make stops out
side women's residences where a
sufficient number of girls have re
quested it.
Although tickets for the stag-or
drag affair will be available at the
reunion, they may also be pur
chased from any of the following
people: Maggie Chantry. Margo
Bernstein. Martha Chappie, Mel
Bethke, Jackie Beqien. Mary Lu
Hanna. Lin Robertson, Chloe Nye,
Elena Bosworth. Janelle Duncan.
Ginny Burns, Janie Beel. or Marsh
Freeman.
Seniors will have an opportunity
this afternoon to abandon work on
mid-terms and converge on Rudy's
for a class "Raunch Reunion." Tick
ets for the function, which begins
at 5:30, are on sale around the
Quad, at the ASSU office, and at the
reunion.
The 50 - cent admission will in
clude a spaghetti dinner, with meat
or tomato sauce. Seniors may dance
to the music provided by a band
whose identity is being kept under
wraps.
Transportation for coeds who lack
rides will be provided by a "Raunch
Express" which will make stops out
side women's residences where a
sufficient number of girls have re
quested it.
Although tickets for the stag-or
drag affair will be available at the
reunion, they may also be pur
chased from any of the following
people: Maggie Chantry. Margo
Bernstein. Martha Chappie, Mel
Bethke, Jackie Beqien. Mary Lu
Hanna. Lin Robertson, Chloe Nye,
Elena Bosworth. Janelle Duncan.
Ginny Burns, Janie Beel. or Marsh
Freeman.
Seniors will have an opportunity
this afternoon to abandon work on
mid-terms and converge on Rudy's
for a class "Raunch Reunion." Tick
ets for the function, which begins
at 5:30, are on sale around the
Quad, at the ASSU office, and at the
reunion.
The 50 - cent admission will in
clude a spaghetti dinner, with meat
or tomato sauce. Seniors may dance
to the music provided by a band
whose identity is being kept under
wraps.
Transportation for coeds who lack
rides will be provided by a "Raunch
Express" which will make stops out
side women's residences where a
sufficient number of girls have re
quested it.
Although tickets for the stag-or
drag affair will be available at the
reunion, they may also be pur
chased from any of the following
people: Maggie Chantry. Margo
Bernstein. Martha Chappie, Mel
Bethke, Jackie Beqien. Mary Lu
Hanna. Lin Robertson, Chloe Nye,
Elena Bosworth. Janelle Duncan.
Ginny Burns, Janie Beel. or Marsh
Freeman.
Seniors will have an opportunity
this afternoon to abandon work on
mid-terms and converge on Rudy's
for a class "Raunch Reunion." Tick
ets for the function, which begins
at 5:30, are on sale around the
Quad, at the ASSU office, and at the
reunion.
The 50 - cent admission will in
clude a spaghetti dinner, with meat
or tomato sauce. Seniors may dance
to the music provided by a band
whose identity is being kept under
wraps.
Transportation for coeds who lack
rides will be provided by a "Raunch
Express" which will make stops out
side women's residences where a
sufficient number of girls have re
quested it.
Although tickets for the stag-or
drag affair will be available at the
reunion, they may also be pur
chased from any of the following
people: Maggie Chantry. Margo
Bernstein. Martha Chappie, Mel
Bethke, Jackie Beqien. Mary Lu
Hanna. Lin Robertson, Chloe Nye,
Elena Bosworth. Janelle Duncan.
Ginny Burns, Janie Beel. or Marsh
Freeman.
Seniors will have an opportunity
this afternoon to abandon work on
mid-terms and converge on Rudy's
for a class "Raunch Reunion." Tick
ets for the function, which begins
at 5:30, are on sale around the
Quad, at the ASSU office, and at the
reunion.
The 50 - cent admission will in
clude a spaghetti dinner, with meat
or tomato sauce. Seniors may dance
to the music provided by a band
whose identity is being kept under
wraps.
Transportation for coeds who lack
rides will be provided by a "Raunch
Express" which will make stops out
side women's residences where a
sufficient number of girls have re
quested it.
Although tickets for the stag-or
drag affair will be available at the
reunion, they may also be pur
chased from any of the following
people: Maggie Chantry. Margo
Bernstein. Martha Chappie, Mel
Bethke, Jackie Beqien. Mary Lu
Hanna. Lin Robertson, Chloe Nye,
Elena Bosworth. Janelle Duncan.
Ginny Burns, Janie Beel. or Marsh
Freeman.
