# FLOAT PARADE ON TV
## 
### 
Television Station KI'IX, Chan
nel 5, will show films of last
week's float parade this Sunday
at 8:45 p.m.
Television Station KI'IX, Chan
nel 5, will show films of last
week's float parade this Sunday
at 8:45 p.m.
Television Station KI'IX, Chan
nel 5, will show films of last
week's float parade this Sunday
at 8:45 p.m.
Television Station KI'IX, Chan
nel 5, will show films of last
week's float parade this Sunday
at 8:45 p.m.
Television Station KI'IX, Chan
nel 5, will show films of last
week's float parade this Sunday
at 8:45 p.m.
Television Station KI'IX, Chan
nel 5, will show films of last
week's float parade this Sunday
at 8:45 p.m.
Television Station KI'IX, Chan
nel 5, will show films of last
week's float parade this Sunday
at 8:45 p.m.
Television Station KI'IX, Chan
nel 5, will show films of last
week's float parade this Sunday
at 8:45 p.m.
Television Station KI'IX, Chan
nel 5, will show films of last
week's float parade this Sunday
at 8:45 p.m.
Television Station KI'IX, Chan
nel 5, will show films of last
week's float parade this Sunday
at 8:45 p.m.
Television Station KI'IX, Chan
nel 5, will show films of last
week's float parade this Sunday
at 8:45 p.m.
Television Station KI'IX, Chan
nel 5, will show films of last
week's float parade this Sunday
at 8:45 p.m.
Television Station KI'IX, Chan
nel 5, will show films of last
week's float parade this Sunday
at 8:45 p.m.
Television Station KI'IX, Chan
nel 5, will show films of last
week's float parade this Sunday
at 8:45 p.m.
Television Station KI'IX, Chan
nel 5, will show films of last
week's float parade this Sunday
at 8:45 p.m.
Television Station KI'IX, Chan
nel 5, will show films of last
week's float parade this Sunday
at 8:45 p.m.
Television Station KI'IX, Chan
nel 5, will show films of last
week's float parade this Sunday
at 8:45 p.m.
