# Adv. 17 Page 4
## 
### 
i< ' 'Klushin<r Imid
Paling!'' How <lo yon
know with tli<» lights
out:
The Theatre of Comfort
PARK
MENLO PARK
Now Playing
Dead Reckoning
HUMPHREY BOCART
LIZABETH SCOTT
Now Playing
CLARK CABLE
LORETTA YOUNC
| ACK OAK IE
"CALL OF THE WILD"
and
LAUREL and HARDY
"THE BIG NOISE"
i< ' 'Klushin<r Imid
Paling!'' How <lo yon
know with tli<» lights
out:
The Theatre of Comfort
PARK
MENLO PARK
Now Playing
Dead Reckoning
HUMPHREY BOCART
LIZABETH SCOTT
Now Playing
CLARK CABLE
LORETTA YOUNC
| ACK OAK IE
"CALL OF THE WILD"
and
LAUREL and HARDY
"THE BIG NOISE"
i< ' 'Klushin<r Imid
Paling!'' How <lo yon
know with tli<» lights
out:
The Theatre of Comfort
PARK
MENLO PARK
Now Playing
Dead Reckoning
HUMPHREY BOCART
LIZABETH SCOTT
Now Playing
CLARK CABLE
LORETTA YOUNC
| ACK OAK IE
"CALL OF THE WILD"
and
LAUREL and HARDY
"THE BIG NOISE"
i< ' 'Klushin<r Imid
Paling!'' How <lo yon
know with tli<» lights
out:
The Theatre of Comfort
PARK
MENLO PARK
Now Playing
Dead Reckoning
HUMPHREY BOCART
LIZABETH SCOTT
Now Playing
CLARK CABLE
LORETTA YOUNC
| ACK OAK IE
"CALL OF THE WILD"
and
LAUREL and HARDY
"THE BIG NOISE"
i< ' 'Klushin<r Imid
Paling!'' How <lo yon
know with tli<» lights
out:
The Theatre of Comfort
PARK
MENLO PARK
Now Playing
Dead Reckoning
HUMPHREY BOCART
LIZABETH SCOTT
Now Playing
CLARK CABLE
LORETTA YOUNC
| ACK OAK IE
"CALL OF THE WILD"
and
LAUREL and HARDY
"THE BIG NOISE"
i< ' 'Klushin<r Imid
Paling!'' How <lo yon
know with tli<» lights
out:
The Theatre of Comfort
PARK
MENLO PARK
Now Playing
Dead Reckoning
HUMPHREY BOCART
LIZABETH SCOTT
Now Playing
CLARK CABLE
LORETTA YOUNC
| ACK OAK IE
"CALL OF THE WILD"
and
LAUREL and HARDY
"THE BIG NOISE"
i< ' 'Klushin<r Imid
Paling!'' How <lo yon
know with tli<» lights
out:
The Theatre of Comfort
PARK
MENLO PARK
Now Playing
Dead Reckoning
HUMPHREY BOCART
LIZABETH SCOTT
Now Playing
CLARK CABLE
LORETTA YOUNC
| ACK OAK IE
"CALL OF THE WILD"
and
LAUREL and HARDY
"THE BIG NOISE"
i< ' 'Klushin<r Imid
Paling!'' How <lo yon
know with tli<» lights
out:
The Theatre of Comfort
PARK
MENLO PARK
Now Playing
Dead Reckoning
HUMPHREY BOCART
LIZABETH SCOTT
Now Playing
CLARK CABLE
LORETTA YOUNC
| ACK OAK IE
"CALL OF THE WILD"
and
LAUREL and HARDY
"THE BIG NOISE"
i< ' 'Klushin<r Imid
Paling!'' How <lo yon
know with tli<» lights
out:
The Theatre of Comfort
PARK
MENLO PARK
Now Playing
Dead Reckoning
HUMPHREY BOCART
LIZABETH SCOTT
Now Playing
CLARK CABLE
LORETTA YOUNC
| ACK OAK IE
"CALL OF THE WILD"
and
LAUREL and HARDY
"THE BIG NOISE"
i< ' 'Klushin<r Imid
Paling!'' How <lo yon
know with tli<» lights
out:
The Theatre of Comfort
PARK
MENLO PARK
Now Playing
Dead Reckoning
HUMPHREY BOCART
LIZABETH SCOTT
Now Playing
CLARK CABLE
LORETTA YOUNC
| ACK OAK IE
"CALL OF THE WILD"
and
LAUREL and HARDY
"THE BIG NOISE"
i< ' 'Klushin<r Imid
Paling!'' How <lo yon
know with tli<» lights
out:
The Theatre of Comfort
PARK
MENLO PARK
Now Playing
Dead Reckoning
HUMPHREY BOCART
LIZABETH SCOTT
Now Playing
CLARK CABLE
LORETTA YOUNC
| ACK OAK IE
"CALL OF THE WILD"
and
LAUREL and HARDY
"THE BIG NOISE"
i< ' 'Klushin<r Imid
Paling!'' How <lo yon
know with tli<» lights
out:
The Theatre of Comfort
PARK
MENLO PARK
Now Playing
Dead Reckoning
HUMPHREY BOCART
LIZABETH SCOTT
Now Playing
CLARK CABLE
LORETTA YOUNC
| ACK OAK IE
"CALL OF THE WILD"
and
LAUREL and HARDY
"THE BIG NOISE"
i< ' 'Klushin<r Imid
Paling!'' How <lo yon
know with tli<» lights
out:
The Theatre of Comfort
PARK
MENLO PARK
Now Playing
Dead Reckoning
HUMPHREY BOCART
LIZABETH SCOTT
Now Playing
CLARK CABLE
LORETTA YOUNC
| ACK OAK IE
"CALL OF THE WILD"
and
LAUREL and HARDY
"THE BIG NOISE"
i< ' 'Klushin<r Imid
Paling!'' How <lo yon
know with tli<» lights
out:
The Theatre of Comfort
PARK
MENLO PARK
Now Playing
Dead Reckoning
HUMPHREY BOCART
LIZABETH SCOTT
Now Playing
CLARK CABLE
LORETTA YOUNC
| ACK OAK IE
"CALL OF THE WILD"
and
LAUREL and HARDY
"THE BIG NOISE"
i< ' 'Klushin<r Imid
Paling!'' How <lo yon
know with tli<» lights
out:
The Theatre of Comfort
PARK
MENLO PARK
Now Playing
Dead Reckoning
HUMPHREY BOCART
LIZABETH SCOTT
Now Playing
CLARK CABLE
LORETTA YOUNC
| ACK OAK IE
"CALL OF THE WILD"
and
LAUREL and HARDY
"THE BIG NOISE"
