# ENGAGEMENTS ANNOUNCED
## 
### 
Lagunita Court announces the en
gagement of Jane Galbraith to
Adolph (Barney) Gugcl and of
Cathy Jones to Dudley Cramer, Al
pha Sigma Phi.
Lagunita Court announces the en
gagement of Jane Galbraith to
Adolph (Barney) Gugcl and of
Cathy Jones to Dudley Cramer, Al
pha Sigma Phi.
Lagunita Court announces the en
gagement of Jane Galbraith to
Adolph (Barney) Gugcl and of
Cathy Jones to Dudley Cramer, Al
pha Sigma Phi.
Lagunita Court announces the en
gagement of Jane Galbraith to
Adolph (Barney) Gugcl and of
Cathy Jones to Dudley Cramer, Al
pha Sigma Phi.
Lagunita Court announces the en
gagement of Jane Galbraith to
Adolph (Barney) Gugcl and of
Cathy Jones to Dudley Cramer, Al
pha Sigma Phi.
Lagunita Court announces the en
gagement of Jane Galbraith to
Adolph (Barney) Gugcl and of
Cathy Jones to Dudley Cramer, Al
pha Sigma Phi.
Lagunita Court announces the en
gagement of Jane Galbraith to
Adolph (Barney) Gugcl and of
Cathy Jones to Dudley Cramer, Al
pha Sigma Phi.
Lagunita Court announces the en
gagement of Jane Galbraith to
Adolph (Barney) Gugcl and of
Cathy Jones to Dudley Cramer, Al
pha Sigma Phi.
Lagunita Court announces the en
gagement of Jane Galbraith to
Adolph (Barney) Gugcl and of
Cathy Jones to Dudley Cramer, Al
pha Sigma Phi.
Lagunita Court announces the en
gagement of Jane Galbraith to
Adolph (Barney) Gugcl and of
Cathy Jones to Dudley Cramer, Al
pha Sigma Phi.
Lagunita Court announces the en
gagement of Jane Galbraith to
Adolph (Barney) Gugcl and of
Cathy Jones to Dudley Cramer, Al
pha Sigma Phi.
Lagunita Court announces the en
gagement of Jane Galbraith to
Adolph (Barney) Gugcl and of
Cathy Jones to Dudley Cramer, Al
pha Sigma Phi.
Lagunita Court announces the en
gagement of Jane Galbraith to
Adolph (Barney) Gugcl and of
Cathy Jones to Dudley Cramer, Al
pha Sigma Phi.
Lagunita Court announces the en
gagement of Jane Galbraith to
Adolph (Barney) Gugcl and of
Cathy Jones to Dudley Cramer, Al
pha Sigma Phi.
Lagunita Court announces the en
gagement of Jane Galbraith to
Adolph (Barney) Gugcl and of
Cathy Jones to Dudley Cramer, Al
pha Sigma Phi.
