# Freshman Tryoutees For Football Manager Wanted
## 
### 
Freshmen interested in managerial
activities have a chance this week to
prepare the way for one of the most
attractive managerships which will
corne up within the next four years.
Issuing a call for class of 1932 try
outees for sophomore football mana
ger, Steve Clark, the senior manager,
pointed out yesterday that it will be
a member of the present freshman
class who as manager will accompany
the Stanford football varsity East in
1931 for the return game scheduled for
that year with Dartmouth in the Har
vard Stadium.
Clark requests that freshmen in
terested in the tryout call at the
managers' office in the Board of Ath
letic Control building any day this
week at 2 p.m.
Freshmen interested in managerial
activities have a chance this week to
prepare the way for one of the most
attractive managerships which will
corne up within the next four years.
Issuing a call for class of 1932 try
outees for sophomore football mana
ger, Steve Clark, the senior manager,
pointed out yesterday that it will be
a member of the present freshman
class who as manager will accompany
the Stanford football varsity East in
1931 for the return game scheduled for
that year with Dartmouth in the Har
vard Stadium.
Clark requests that freshmen in
terested in the tryout call at the
managers' office in the Board of Ath
letic Control building any day this
week at 2 p.m.
Freshmen interested in managerial
activities have a chance this week to
prepare the way for one of the most
attractive managerships which will
corne up within the next four years.
Issuing a call for class of 1932 try
outees for sophomore football mana
ger, Steve Clark, the senior manager,
pointed out yesterday that it will be
a member of the present freshman
class who as manager will accompany
the Stanford football varsity East in
1931 for the return game scheduled for
that year with Dartmouth in the Har
vard Stadium.
Clark requests that freshmen in
terested in the tryout call at the
managers' office in the Board of Ath
letic Control building any day this
week at 2 p.m.
Freshmen interested in managerial
activities have a chance this week to
prepare the way for one of the most
attractive managerships which will
corne up within the next four years.
Issuing a call for class of 1932 try
outees for sophomore football mana
ger, Steve Clark, the senior manager,
pointed out yesterday that it will be
a member of the present freshman
class who as manager will accompany
the Stanford football varsity East in
1931 for the return game scheduled for
that year with Dartmouth in the Har
vard Stadium.
Clark requests that freshmen in
terested in the tryout call at the
managers' office in the Board of Ath
letic Control building any day this
week at 2 p.m.
Freshmen interested in managerial
activities have a chance this week to
prepare the way for one of the most
attractive managerships which will
corne up within the next four years.
Issuing a call for class of 1932 try
outees for sophomore football mana
ger, Steve Clark, the senior manager,
pointed out yesterday that it will be
a member of the present freshman
class who as manager will accompany
the Stanford football varsity East in
1931 for the return game scheduled for
that year with Dartmouth in the Har
vard Stadium.
Clark requests that freshmen in
terested in the tryout call at the
managers' office in the Board of Ath
letic Control building any day this
week at 2 p.m.
Freshmen interested in managerial
activities have a chance this week to
prepare the way for one of the most
attractive managerships which will
corne up within the next four years.
Issuing a call for class of 1932 try
outees for sophomore football mana
ger, Steve Clark, the senior manager,
pointed out yesterday that it will be
a member of the present freshman
class who as manager will accompany
the Stanford football varsity East in
1931 for the return game scheduled for
that year with Dartmouth in the Har
vard Stadium.
Clark requests that freshmen in
terested in the tryout call at the
managers' office in the Board of Ath
letic Control building any day this
week at 2 p.m.
Freshmen interested in managerial
activities have a chance this week to
prepare the way for one of the most
attractive managerships which will
corne up within the next four years.
Issuing a call for class of 1932 try
outees for sophomore football mana
ger, Steve Clark, the senior manager,
pointed out yesterday that it will be
a member of the present freshman
class who as manager will accompany
the Stanford football varsity East in
1931 for the return game scheduled for
that year with Dartmouth in the Har
vard Stadium.
Clark requests that freshmen in
terested in the tryout call at the
managers' office in the Board of Ath
letic Control building any day this
week at 2 p.m.
Freshmen interested in managerial
activities have a chance this week to
prepare the way for one of the most
attractive managerships which will
corne up within the next four years.
Issuing a call for class of 1932 try
outees for sophomore football mana
ger, Steve Clark, the senior manager,
pointed out yesterday that it will be
a member of the present freshman
class who as manager will accompany
the Stanford football varsity East in
1931 for the return game scheduled for
that year with Dartmouth in the Har
vard Stadium.
Clark requests that freshmen in
terested in the tryout call at the
managers' office in the Board of Ath
letic Control building any day this
week at 2 p.m.
Freshmen interested in managerial
activities have a chance this week to
prepare the way for one of the most
attractive managerships which will
corne up within the next four years.
Issuing a call for class of 1932 try
outees for sophomore football mana
ger, Steve Clark, the senior manager,
pointed out yesterday that it will be
a member of the present freshman
class who as manager will accompany
the Stanford football varsity East in
1931 for the return game scheduled for
that year with Dartmouth in the Har
vard Stadium.
Clark requests that freshmen in
terested in the tryout call at the
managers' office in the Board of Ath
letic Control building any day this
week at 2 p.m.
Freshmen interested in managerial
activities have a chance this week to
prepare the way for one of the most
attractive managerships which will
corne up within the next four years.
Issuing a call for class of 1932 try
outees for sophomore football mana
ger, Steve Clark, the senior manager,
pointed out yesterday that it will be
a member of the present freshman
class who as manager will accompany
the Stanford football varsity East in
1931 for the return game scheduled for
that year with Dartmouth in the Har
vard Stadium.
Clark requests that freshmen in
terested in the tryout call at the
managers' office in the Board of Ath
letic Control building any day this
week at 2 p.m.
Freshmen interested in managerial
activities have a chance this week to
prepare the way for one of the most
attractive managerships which will
corne up within the next four years.
Issuing a call for class of 1932 try
outees for sophomore football mana
ger, Steve Clark, the senior manager,
pointed out yesterday that it will be
a member of the present freshman
class who as manager will accompany
the Stanford football varsity East in
1931 for the return game scheduled for
that year with Dartmouth in the Har
vard Stadium.
Clark requests that freshmen in
terested in the tryout call at the
managers' office in the Board of Ath
letic Control building any day this
week at 2 p.m.
Freshmen interested in managerial
activities have a chance this week to
prepare the way for one of the most
attractive managerships which will
corne up within the next four years.
Issuing a call for class of 1932 try
outees for sophomore football mana
ger, Steve Clark, the senior manager,
pointed out yesterday that it will be
a member of the present freshman
class who as manager will accompany
the Stanford football varsity East in
1931 for the return game scheduled for
that year with Dartmouth in the Har
vard Stadium.
Clark requests that freshmen in
terested in the tryout call at the
managers' office in the Board of Ath
letic Control building any day this
week at 2 p.m.
Freshmen interested in managerial
activities have a chance this week to
prepare the way for one of the most
attractive managerships which will
corne up within the next four years.
Issuing a call for class of 1932 try
outees for sophomore football mana
ger, Steve Clark, the senior manager,
pointed out yesterday that it will be
a member of the present freshman
class who as manager will accompany
the Stanford football varsity East in
1931 for the return game scheduled for
that year with Dartmouth in the Har
vard Stadium.
Clark requests that freshmen in
terested in the tryout call at the
managers' office in the Board of Ath
letic Control building any day this
week at 2 p.m.
Freshmen interested in managerial
activities have a chance this week to
prepare the way for one of the most
attractive managerships which will
corne up within the next four years.
Issuing a call for class of 1932 try
outees for sophomore football mana
ger, Steve Clark, the senior manager,
pointed out yesterday that it will be
a member of the present freshman
class who as manager will accompany
the Stanford football varsity East in
1931 for the return game scheduled for
that year with Dartmouth in the Har
vard Stadium.
Clark requests that freshmen in
terested in the tryout call at the
managers' office in the Board of Ath
letic Control building any day this
week at 2 p.m.
Freshmen interested in managerial
activities have a chance this week to
prepare the way for one of the most
attractive managerships which will
corne up within the next four years.
Issuing a call for class of 1932 try
outees for sophomore football mana
ger, Steve Clark, the senior manager,
pointed out yesterday that it will be
a member of the present freshman
class who as manager will accompany
the Stanford football varsity East in
1931 for the return game scheduled for
that year with Dartmouth in the Har
vard Stadium.
Clark requests that freshmen in
terested in the tryout call at the
managers' office in the Board of Ath
letic Control building any day this
week at 2 p.m.
Freshmen interested in managerial
activities have a chance this week to
prepare the way for one of the most
attractive managerships which will
corne up within the next four years.
Issuing a call for class of 1932 try
outees for sophomore football mana
ger, Steve Clark, the senior manager,
pointed out yesterday that it will be
a member of the present freshman
class who as manager will accompany
the Stanford football varsity East in
1931 for the return game scheduled for
that year with Dartmouth in the Har
vard Stadium.
Clark requests that freshmen in
terested in the tryout call at the
managers' office in the Board of Ath
letic Control building any day this
week at 2 p.m.
