# NO INCREASE IN RATE
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, April 8. (£»)— The
lnterborough ltapid Transit Company
of New York today was prohibit* d by
;he supreme court l'rom increasing to
7 cents its present five-cent fan*.
WASHINGTON, April 8. (£»)— The
lnterborough ltapid Transit Company
of New York today was prohibit* d by
;he supreme court l'rom increasing to
7 cents its present five-cent fan*.
WASHINGTON, April 8. (£»)— The
lnterborough ltapid Transit Company
of New York today was prohibit* d by
;he supreme court l'rom increasing to
7 cents its present five-cent fan*.
WASHINGTON, April 8. (£»)— The
lnterborough ltapid Transit Company
of New York today was prohibit* d by
;he supreme court l'rom increasing to
7 cents its present five-cent fan*.
WASHINGTON, April 8. (£»)— The
lnterborough ltapid Transit Company
of New York today was prohibit* d by
;he supreme court l'rom increasing to
7 cents its present five-cent fan*.
WASHINGTON, April 8. (£»)— The
lnterborough ltapid Transit Company
of New York today was prohibit* d by
;he supreme court l'rom increasing to
7 cents its present five-cent fan*.
WASHINGTON, April 8. (£»)— The
lnterborough ltapid Transit Company
of New York today was prohibit* d by
;he supreme court l'rom increasing to
7 cents its present five-cent fan*.
WASHINGTON, April 8. (£»)— The
lnterborough ltapid Transit Company
of New York today was prohibit* d by
;he supreme court l'rom increasing to
7 cents its present five-cent fan*.
WASHINGTON, April 8. (£»)— The
lnterborough ltapid Transit Company
of New York today was prohibit* d by
;he supreme court l'rom increasing to
7 cents its present five-cent fan*.
WASHINGTON, April 8. (£»)— The
lnterborough ltapid Transit Company
of New York today was prohibit* d by
;he supreme court l'rom increasing to
7 cents its present five-cent fan*.
WASHINGTON, April 8. (£»)— The
lnterborough ltapid Transit Company
of New York today was prohibit* d by
;he supreme court l'rom increasing to
7 cents its present five-cent fan*.
WASHINGTON, April 8. (£»)— The
lnterborough ltapid Transit Company
of New York today was prohibit* d by
;he supreme court l'rom increasing to
7 cents its present five-cent fan*.
WASHINGTON, April 8. (£»)— The
lnterborough ltapid Transit Company
of New York today was prohibit* d by
;he supreme court l'rom increasing to
7 cents its present five-cent fan*.
WASHINGTON, April 8. (£»)— The
lnterborough ltapid Transit Company
of New York today was prohibit* d by
;he supreme court l'rom increasing to
7 cents its present five-cent fan*.
WASHINGTON, April 8. (£»)— The
lnterborough ltapid Transit Company
of New York today was prohibit* d by
;he supreme court l'rom increasing to
7 cents its present five-cent fan*.
WASHINGTON, April 8. (£»)— The
lnterborough ltapid Transit Company
of New York today was prohibit* d by
;he supreme court l'rom increasing to
7 cents its present five-cent fan*.
