# Varsity, Frosh Will Hold Tennis Tourney This Week
## 
### 
With the Southern Division Cham
pionship of the Pacific Coast Confer
ence safely tucked away and nothing
more to worry about until April 20
when they face the California racquet
wielders, the members of Stanford's
varsity and freshman tennis teams
have organized two round-robin tour
naments.
The first round of both tournaments
must be played this week, there being
ten rounds in the varsity tourney and
twelve in the freshman. Results should
be posted in Encina gym. The second
and third rounds will take place next
week.
Following are the matches sched
uled for the first round: varsity—
Doeg vs. Driscoll, Easton vs. Wheat
ley, Weesner vs. Farwell, Forbes vs.
Stephens, and Hall vs. McKellip;
freshman —Bancroft vs. Bergstrom,
Forney vs. Williams, Hickman vs.
Robinson, Johnston vs. McCoy, Lam
bert vs. Logan, C. B. Leib vs. S. F.
Leib.
With the Southern Division Cham
pionship of the Pacific Coast Confer
ence safely tucked away and nothing
more to worry about until April 20
when they face the California racquet
wielders, the members of Stanford's
varsity and freshman tennis teams
have organized two round-robin tour
naments.
The first round of both tournaments
must be played this week, there being
ten rounds in the varsity tourney and
twelve in the freshman. Results should
be posted in Encina gym. The second
and third rounds will take place next
week.
Following are the matches sched
uled for the first round: varsity—
Doeg vs. Driscoll, Easton vs. Wheat
ley, Weesner vs. Farwell, Forbes vs.
Stephens, and Hall vs. McKellip;
freshman —Bancroft vs. Bergstrom,
Forney vs. Williams, Hickman vs.
Robinson, Johnston vs. McCoy, Lam
bert vs. Logan, C. B. Leib vs. S. F.
Leib.
With the Southern Division Cham
pionship of the Pacific Coast Confer
ence safely tucked away and nothing
more to worry about until April 20
when they face the California racquet
wielders, the members of Stanford's
varsity and freshman tennis teams
have organized two round-robin tour
naments.
The first round of both tournaments
must be played this week, there being
ten rounds in the varsity tourney and
twelve in the freshman. Results should
be posted in Encina gym. The second
and third rounds will take place next
week.
Following are the matches sched
uled for the first round: varsity—
Doeg vs. Driscoll, Easton vs. Wheat
ley, Weesner vs. Farwell, Forbes vs.
Stephens, and Hall vs. McKellip;
freshman —Bancroft vs. Bergstrom,
Forney vs. Williams, Hickman vs.
Robinson, Johnston vs. McCoy, Lam
bert vs. Logan, C. B. Leib vs. S. F.
Leib.
With the Southern Division Cham
pionship of the Pacific Coast Confer
ence safely tucked away and nothing
more to worry about until April 20
when they face the California racquet
wielders, the members of Stanford's
varsity and freshman tennis teams
have organized two round-robin tour
naments.
The first round of both tournaments
must be played this week, there being
ten rounds in the varsity tourney and
twelve in the freshman. Results should
be posted in Encina gym. The second
and third rounds will take place next
week.
Following are the matches sched
uled for the first round: varsity—
Doeg vs. Driscoll, Easton vs. Wheat
ley, Weesner vs. Farwell, Forbes vs.
Stephens, and Hall vs. McKellip;
freshman —Bancroft vs. Bergstrom,
Forney vs. Williams, Hickman vs.
Robinson, Johnston vs. McCoy, Lam
bert vs. Logan, C. B. Leib vs. S. F.
Leib.
With the Southern Division Cham
pionship of the Pacific Coast Confer
ence safely tucked away and nothing
more to worry about until April 20
when they face the California racquet
wielders, the members of Stanford's
varsity and freshman tennis teams
have organized two round-robin tour
naments.
The first round of both tournaments
must be played this week, there being
ten rounds in the varsity tourney and
twelve in the freshman. Results should
be posted in Encina gym. The second
and third rounds will take place next
week.
Following are the matches sched
uled for the first round: varsity—
Doeg vs. Driscoll, Easton vs. Wheat
ley, Weesner vs. Farwell, Forbes vs.
Stephens, and Hall vs. McKellip;
freshman —Bancroft vs. Bergstrom,
Forney vs. Williams, Hickman vs.
Robinson, Johnston vs. McCoy, Lam
bert vs. Logan, C. B. Leib vs. S. F.
Leib.
With the Southern Division Cham
pionship of the Pacific Coast Confer
ence safely tucked away and nothing
more to worry about until April 20
when they face the California racquet
wielders, the members of Stanford's
varsity and freshman tennis teams
have organized two round-robin tour
naments.
The first round of both tournaments
must be played this week, there being
ten rounds in the varsity tourney and
twelve in the freshman. Results should
be posted in Encina gym. The second
and third rounds will take place next
week.
Following are the matches sched
uled for the first round: varsity—
Doeg vs. Driscoll, Easton vs. Wheat
ley, Weesner vs. Farwell, Forbes vs.
Stephens, and Hall vs. McKellip;
freshman —Bancroft vs. Bergstrom,
Forney vs. Williams, Hickman vs.
Robinson, Johnston vs. McCoy, Lam
bert vs. Logan, C. B. Leib vs. S. F.
Leib.
With the Southern Division Cham
pionship of the Pacific Coast Confer
ence safely tucked away and nothing
more to worry about until April 20
when they face the California racquet
wielders, the members of Stanford's
varsity and freshman tennis teams
have organized two round-robin tour
naments.
The first round of both tournaments
must be played this week, there being
ten rounds in the varsity tourney and
twelve in the freshman. Results should
be posted in Encina gym. The second
and third rounds will take place next
week.
Following are the matches sched
uled for the first round: varsity—
Doeg vs. Driscoll, Easton vs. Wheat
ley, Weesner vs. Farwell, Forbes vs.
Stephens, and Hall vs. McKellip;
freshman —Bancroft vs. Bergstrom,
Forney vs. Williams, Hickman vs.
Robinson, Johnston vs. McCoy, Lam
bert vs. Logan, C. B. Leib vs. S. F.
Leib.
With the Southern Division Cham
pionship of the Pacific Coast Confer
ence safely tucked away and nothing
more to worry about until April 20
when they face the California racquet
wielders, the members of Stanford's
varsity and freshman tennis teams
have organized two round-robin tour
naments.
The first round of both tournaments
must be played this week, there being
ten rounds in the varsity tourney and
twelve in the freshman. Results should
be posted in Encina gym. The second
and third rounds will take place next
week.
Following are the matches sched
uled for the first round: varsity—
Doeg vs. Driscoll, Easton vs. Wheat
ley, Weesner vs. Farwell, Forbes vs.
Stephens, and Hall vs. McKellip;
freshman —Bancroft vs. Bergstrom,
Forney vs. Williams, Hickman vs.
Robinson, Johnston vs. McCoy, Lam
bert vs. Logan, C. B. Leib vs. S. F.
Leib.
With the Southern Division Cham
pionship of the Pacific Coast Confer
ence safely tucked away and nothing
more to worry about until April 20
when they face the California racquet
wielders, the members of Stanford's
varsity and freshman tennis teams
have organized two round-robin tour
naments.
The first round of both tournaments
must be played this week, there being
ten rounds in the varsity tourney and
twelve in the freshman. Results should
be posted in Encina gym. The second
and third rounds will take place next
week.
Following are the matches sched
uled for the first round: varsity—
Doeg vs. Driscoll, Easton vs. Wheat
ley, Weesner vs. Farwell, Forbes vs.
Stephens, and Hall vs. McKellip;
freshman —Bancroft vs. Bergstrom,
Forney vs. Williams, Hickman vs.
Robinson, Johnston vs. McCoy, Lam
bert vs. Logan, C. B. Leib vs. S. F.
Leib.
With the Southern Division Cham
pionship of the Pacific Coast Confer
ence safely tucked away and nothing
more to worry about until April 20
when they face the California racquet
wielders, the members of Stanford's
varsity and freshman tennis teams
have organized two round-robin tour
naments.
The first round of both tournaments
must be played this week, there being
ten rounds in the varsity tourney and
twelve in the freshman. Results should
be posted in Encina gym. The second
and third rounds will take place next
week.
Following are the matches sched
uled for the first round: varsity—
Doeg vs. Driscoll, Easton vs. Wheat
ley, Weesner vs. Farwell, Forbes vs.
Stephens, and Hall vs. McKellip;
freshman —Bancroft vs. Bergstrom,
Forney vs. Williams, Hickman vs.
Robinson, Johnston vs. McCoy, Lam
bert vs. Logan, C. B. Leib vs. S. F.
Leib.
With the Southern Division Cham
pionship of the Pacific Coast Confer
ence safely tucked away and nothing
more to worry about until April 20
when they face the California racquet
wielders, the members of Stanford's
varsity and freshman tennis teams
have organized two round-robin tour
naments.
The first round of both tournaments
must be played this week, there being
ten rounds in the varsity tourney and
twelve in the freshman. Results should
be posted in Encina gym. The second
and third rounds will take place next
week.
Following are the matches sched
uled for the first round: varsity—
Doeg vs. Driscoll, Easton vs. Wheat
ley, Weesner vs. Farwell, Forbes vs.
Stephens, and Hall vs. McKellip;
freshman —Bancroft vs. Bergstrom,
Forney vs. Williams, Hickman vs.
Robinson, Johnston vs. McCoy, Lam
bert vs. Logan, C. B. Leib vs. S. F.
Leib.
With the Southern Division Cham
pionship of the Pacific Coast Confer
ence safely tucked away and nothing
more to worry about until April 20
when they face the California racquet
wielders, the members of Stanford's
varsity and freshman tennis teams
have organized two round-robin tour
naments.
The first round of both tournaments
must be played this week, there being
ten rounds in the varsity tourney and
twelve in the freshman. Results should
be posted in Encina gym. The second
and third rounds will take place next
week.
Following are the matches sched
uled for the first round: varsity—
Doeg vs. Driscoll, Easton vs. Wheat
ley, Weesner vs. Farwell, Forbes vs.
Stephens, and Hall vs. McKellip;
freshman —Bancroft vs. Bergstrom,
Forney vs. Williams, Hickman vs.
Robinson, Johnston vs. McCoy, Lam
bert vs. Logan, C. B. Leib vs. S. F.
Leib.
With the Southern Division Cham
pionship of the Pacific Coast Confer
ence safely tucked away and nothing
more to worry about until April 20
when they face the California racquet
wielders, the members of Stanford's
varsity and freshman tennis teams
have organized two round-robin tour
naments.
The first round of both tournaments
must be played this week, there being
ten rounds in the varsity tourney and
twelve in the freshman. Results should
be posted in Encina gym. The second
and third rounds will take place next
week.
Following are the matches sched
uled for the first round: varsity—
Doeg vs. Driscoll, Easton vs. Wheat
ley, Weesner vs. Farwell, Forbes vs.
Stephens, and Hall vs. McKellip;
freshman —Bancroft vs. Bergstrom,
Forney vs. Williams, Hickman vs.
Robinson, Johnston vs. McCoy, Lam
bert vs. Logan, C. B. Leib vs. S. F.
Leib.
With the Southern Division Cham
pionship of the Pacific Coast Confer
ence safely tucked away and nothing
more to worry about until April 20
when they face the California racquet
wielders, the members of Stanford's
varsity and freshman tennis teams
have organized two round-robin tour
naments.
The first round of both tournaments
must be played this week, there being
ten rounds in the varsity tourney and
twelve in the freshman. Results should
be posted in Encina gym. The second
and third rounds will take place next
week.
Following are the matches sched
uled for the first round: varsity—
Doeg vs. Driscoll, Easton vs. Wheat
ley, Weesner vs. Farwell, Forbes vs.
Stephens, and Hall vs. McKellip;
freshman —Bancroft vs. Bergstrom,
Forney vs. Williams, Hickman vs.
Robinson, Johnston vs. McCoy, Lam
bert vs. Logan, C. B. Leib vs. S. F.
Leib.
With the Southern Division Cham
pionship of the Pacific Coast Confer
ence safely tucked away and nothing
more to worry about until April 20
when they face the California racquet
wielders, the members of Stanford's
varsity and freshman tennis teams
have organized two round-robin tour
naments.
The first round of both tournaments
must be played this week, there being
ten rounds in the varsity tourney and
twelve in the freshman. Results should
be posted in Encina gym. The second
and third rounds will take place next
week.
Following are the matches sched
uled for the first round: varsity—
Doeg vs. Driscoll, Easton vs. Wheat
ley, Weesner vs. Farwell, Forbes vs.
Stephens, and Hall vs. McKellip;
freshman —Bancroft vs. Bergstrom,
Forney vs. Williams, Hickman vs.
Robinson, Johnston vs. McCoy, Lam
bert vs. Logan, C. B. Leib vs. S. F.
Leib.
With the Southern Division Cham
pionship of the Pacific Coast Confer
ence safely tucked away and nothing
more to worry about until April 20
when they face the California racquet
wielders, the members of Stanford's
varsity and freshman tennis teams
have organized two round-robin tour
naments.
The first round of both tournaments
must be played this week, there being
ten rounds in the varsity tourney and
twelve in the freshman. Results should
be posted in Encina gym. The second
and third rounds will take place next
week.
Following are the matches sched
uled for the first round: varsity—
Doeg vs. Driscoll, Easton vs. Wheat
ley, Weesner vs. Farwell, Forbes vs.
Stephens, and Hall vs. McKellip;
freshman —Bancroft vs. Bergstrom,
Forney vs. Williams, Hickman vs.
Robinson, Johnston vs. McCoy, Lam
bert vs. Logan, C. B. Leib vs. S. F.
Leib.
