# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Never before, we believe, has a
meeting occurred which presented the
possibilities for future benefit as
does the joint session of the Student
Affairs Committee and the University
Conference. The greatest lack of the
Stanford undergraduate, especially
during the last few years, has been
his powerlessness to put his ideas and
opinions sanely and completely before
the Faculty Committee. The Daily Palo
Alto also feels that one of the greatest
obstacles against which the members
of the present Student Affairs Com
mittee have had to contend was their
inability to learn the sane and com
plete ideas and opinions of the Stan
ford undergraduate on topics concern
ing which his interest was eminently
important. Both these evils the joint
sessions of the Committee and the
Conference should remedy. The mem
bers of the Conference are elected by
popular vote in the various depart
ments and are, therefore, creditable
and responsible representatives in the
voicing of student sentiment. The
meeting yesterday was entirely open
as to topic and limited as to forceful
expression only by the rules govern
ing the conduct of a gentleman. Such
gatherings, frequently held, with
frankness predominating on both sides,
should eliminate one, and, we believe,
the most potent cause of any past
disagreements â€” mutual misunder
standing.
