# Untitled Article
## 
### 
►Students are apt to be too prodi
gal of their strength and nervous
energy while pursuing a course in
the University. Little care is taken
of any of the other faculties of the
body in the eagerness to hurry
through the entire course in as
short a time as possible. The other
bodily functions, which are all
under the same control, are sacri
ficed for mental work, and the re
sult is that the student nearly al
ways ends his university career
physically unable t<> enter upon
life's work. The amount of energy
used while trying to do too much
maybe used to far better advantage
after the university course is com

pleted. (iood judgment in know-
J ing just how to use men till strength
jso as not to neglect one's physical
development should he the aim of
everv student.
►Students are apt to be too prodi
gal of their strength and nervous
energy while pursuing a course in
the University. Little care is taken
of any of the other faculties of the
body in the eagerness to hurry
through the entire course in as
short a time as possible. The other
bodily functions, which are all
under the same control, are sacri
ficed for mental work, and the re
sult is that the student nearly al
ways ends his university career
physically unable t<> enter upon
life's work. The amount of energy
used while trying to do too much
maybe used to far better advantage
after the university course is com

pleted. (iood judgment in know-
J ing just how to use men till strength
jso as not to neglect one's physical
development should he the aim of
everv student.
►Students are apt to be too prodi
gal of their strength and nervous
energy while pursuing a course in
the University. Little care is taken
of any of the other faculties of the
body in the eagerness to hurry
through the entire course in as
short a time as possible. The other
bodily functions, which are all
under the same control, are sacri
ficed for mental work, and the re
sult is that the student nearly al
ways ends his university career
physically unable t<> enter upon
life's work. The amount of energy
used while trying to do too much
maybe used to far better advantage
after the university course is com

pleted. (iood judgment in know-
J ing just how to use men till strength
jso as not to neglect one's physical
development should he the aim of
everv student.
►Students are apt to be too prodi
gal of their strength and nervous
energy while pursuing a course in
the University. Little care is taken
of any of the other faculties of the
body in the eagerness to hurry
through the entire course in as
short a time as possible. The other
bodily functions, which are all
under the same control, are sacri
ficed for mental work, and the re
sult is that the student nearly al
ways ends his university career
physically unable t<> enter upon
life's work. The amount of energy
used while trying to do too much
maybe used to far better advantage
after the university course is com

pleted. (iood judgment in know-
J ing just how to use men till strength
jso as not to neglect one's physical
development should he the aim of
everv student.
►Students are apt to be too prodi
gal of their strength and nervous
energy while pursuing a course in
the University. Little care is taken
of any of the other faculties of the
body in the eagerness to hurry
through the entire course in as
short a time as possible. The other
bodily functions, which are all
under the same control, are sacri
ficed for mental work, and the re
sult is that the student nearly al
ways ends his university career
physically unable t<> enter upon
life's work. The amount of energy
used while trying to do too much
maybe used to far better advantage
after the university course is com

pleted. (iood judgment in know-
J ing just how to use men till strength
jso as not to neglect one's physical
development should he the aim of
everv student.
