# Two Kinds of Superiority.
## 
### 
Jn his lending editorial on the
Carnot Debate the editor of the Oc
cident expresses himself in the fol
lowing manner:
Blue and gold and cardinal have
clashed in the ethereal lields of ar
gumentation, and blue and gold
persuasion has won another bril
liant success. For the second time
the Carnot medal rests with us; for
the fourth time we demonstrate our
superiority in debate.
The situation of the two univer
sities has a tendency to resume it
self thus: To Stanford the victory
of tlie physical, the material, of
lighting utilitarianism; to Califor
nia the higher field of the mental,
the subtle, tiie ethereal. Stanford
ought not to take debating defeat
to heart. It seems a law of nature
that physical superiority should be
wisely balanced by sundry limita
tions in the higher, nobler faculties.
A union of both would be a formid
able danger to humanity, imagine
the Stanford football team pos
sessed of oratorical skili equal to
their skill at advancing the pig
skin. The world would be theirs!
California owes a great debt of
gratitude, not only to the winner of
the medal but also to all those
other debaters who by their labor
ious researches helped to the pro
duction of the (ina I light, who aided
the chosen three with the spur of
competition.
Hut we must not rest on our lau
rels; we have against us an inde
fatigable foe. The Carnot is ours;
1o the charge for the Intercolle
giate!
