# SECOND EDITION TO BE PRINTED
## 
### 
The entire edition of the Memorial
number of the Daily Palo Alto has
been exhausted, although several
hundred extra copies were printed.
Because of the continued great de
mand for additional copies, a second
edition will be printed at once and
will be ready Friday. Those persons
wishing to send copies to friends out
side of the university may have them
mailed from the office of the Daily
Palo Alto by leaving the addresses.
The entire edition of the Memorial
number of the Daily Palo Alto has
been exhausted, although several
hundred extra copies were printed.
Because of the continued great de
mand for additional copies, a second
edition will be printed at once and
will be ready Friday. Those persons
wishing to send copies to friends out
side of the university may have them
mailed from the office of the Daily
Palo Alto by leaving the addresses.
The entire edition of the Memorial
number of the Daily Palo Alto has
been exhausted, although several
hundred extra copies were printed.
Because of the continued great de
mand for additional copies, a second
edition will be printed at once and
will be ready Friday. Those persons
wishing to send copies to friends out
side of the university may have them
mailed from the office of the Daily
Palo Alto by leaving the addresses.
The entire edition of the Memorial
number of the Daily Palo Alto has
been exhausted, although several
hundred extra copies were printed.
Because of the continued great de
mand for additional copies, a second
edition will be printed at once and
will be ready Friday. Those persons
wishing to send copies to friends out
side of the university may have them
mailed from the office of the Daily
Palo Alto by leaving the addresses.
The entire edition of the Memorial
number of the Daily Palo Alto has
been exhausted, although several
hundred extra copies were printed.
Because of the continued great de
mand for additional copies, a second
edition will be printed at once and
will be ready Friday. Those persons
wishing to send copies to friends out
side of the university may have them
mailed from the office of the Daily
Palo Alto by leaving the addresses.
The entire edition of the Memorial
number of the Daily Palo Alto has
been exhausted, although several
hundred extra copies were printed.
Because of the continued great de
mand for additional copies, a second
edition will be printed at once and
will be ready Friday. Those persons
wishing to send copies to friends out
side of the university may have them
mailed from the office of the Daily
Palo Alto by leaving the addresses.
The entire edition of the Memorial
number of the Daily Palo Alto has
been exhausted, although several
hundred extra copies were printed.
Because of the continued great de
mand for additional copies, a second
edition will be printed at once and
will be ready Friday. Those persons
wishing to send copies to friends out
side of the university may have them
mailed from the office of the Daily
Palo Alto by leaving the addresses.
The entire edition of the Memorial
number of the Daily Palo Alto has
been exhausted, although several
hundred extra copies were printed.
Because of the continued great de
mand for additional copies, a second
edition will be printed at once and
will be ready Friday. Those persons
wishing to send copies to friends out
side of the university may have them
mailed from the office of the Daily
Palo Alto by leaving the addresses.
