# WASEDA TEAM SAILS SOON
## Japanese Nine to Flay Here Last of Next Month, One Game In San Francisco. 
### 
A letter has been received by
Manager Barrett from Iso Abe,
manager of the baseball team of
Waßeda University, to the effect
that the Japanese team expects to
arrive at San Francisco about the
middle of April. The two games
scheduled between the Japanese
university and Stanford will be
played sometime between April
20th and May Ist, but no definite
date has yet been set.
The Japanese team will leave
Japan on April 4th and reach here
on April 21st. It is intended
to play one game on the campus
and one in San Francisco, but it
has not been decided where the
first match will be held.
Fifteen men will make the trip
to this country from Waseda Uni
versity, twelve of whom are play
ers. A Japanese paper gives the
list of players as follows: S.
liashido, S. Oshikawa, Y. Kawano,
M. Yamaaki, S. Izumitani, S.
Suyama, T. Suguki. M. Kohara, S.
Morimato, K. Shisivechi, I. Abe,
manager, and two others not yet
selected. The Waseda team is
probably the best in Japan. It has
beaten English and French teamß
and a nine from the American Club
at Yokohama. The Japanese paper
states that nine is expected to win
a majority of the games played.
Manager Abe will probably ar
range to play other games on the
Coast before his team returns to
Japan. The team comes to play
Stanford with the understanding
that it pays its own expenses and
gets two-thirds of the gate re
ceipts.
A letter has been received by
Manager Barrett from Iso Abe,
manager of the baseball team of
Waßeda University, to the effect
that the Japanese team expects to
arrive at San Francisco about the
middle of April. The two games
scheduled between the Japanese
university and Stanford will be
played sometime between April
20th and May Ist, but no definite
date has yet been set.
The Japanese team will leave
Japan on April 4th and reach here
on April 21st. It is intended
to play one game on the campus
and one in San Francisco, but it
has not been decided where the
first match will be held.
Fifteen men will make the trip
to this country from Waseda Uni
versity, twelve of whom are play
ers. A Japanese paper gives the
list of players as follows: S.
liashido, S. Oshikawa, Y. Kawano,
M. Yamaaki, S. Izumitani, S.
Suyama, T. Suguki. M. Kohara, S.
Morimato, K. Shisivechi, I. Abe,
manager, and two others not yet
selected. The Waseda team is
probably the best in Japan. It has
beaten English and French teamß
and a nine from the American Club
at Yokohama. The Japanese paper
states that nine is expected to win
a majority of the games played.
Manager Abe will probably ar
range to play other games on the
Coast before his team returns to
Japan. The team comes to play
Stanford with the understanding
that it pays its own expenses and
gets two-thirds of the gate re
ceipts.
A letter has been received by
Manager Barrett from Iso Abe,
manager of the baseball team of
Waßeda University, to the effect
that the Japanese team expects to
arrive at San Francisco about the
middle of April. The two games
scheduled between the Japanese
university and Stanford will be
played sometime between April
20th and May Ist, but no definite
date has yet been set.
The Japanese team will leave
Japan on April 4th and reach here
on April 21st. It is intended
to play one game on the campus
and one in San Francisco, but it
has not been decided where the
first match will be held.
Fifteen men will make the trip
to this country from Waseda Uni
versity, twelve of whom are play
ers. A Japanese paper gives the
list of players as follows: S.
liashido, S. Oshikawa, Y. Kawano,
M. Yamaaki, S. Izumitani, S.
Suyama, T. Suguki. M. Kohara, S.
Morimato, K. Shisivechi, I. Abe,
manager, and two others not yet
selected. The Waseda team is
probably the best in Japan. It has
beaten English and French teamß
and a nine from the American Club
at Yokohama. The Japanese paper
states that nine is expected to win
a majority of the games played.
Manager Abe will probably ar
range to play other games on the
Coast before his team returns to
Japan. The team comes to play
Stanford with the understanding
that it pays its own expenses and
gets two-thirds of the gate re
ceipts.
A letter has been received by
Manager Barrett from Iso Abe,
manager of the baseball team of
Waßeda University, to the effect
that the Japanese team expects to
arrive at San Francisco about the
middle of April. The two games
scheduled between the Japanese
university and Stanford will be
played sometime between April
20th and May Ist, but no definite
date has yet been set.
The Japanese team will leave
Japan on April 4th and reach here
on April 21st. It is intended
to play one game on the campus
and one in San Francisco, but it
has not been decided where the
first match will be held.
Fifteen men will make the trip
to this country from Waseda Uni
versity, twelve of whom are play
ers. A Japanese paper gives the
list of players as follows: S.
liashido, S. Oshikawa, Y. Kawano,
M. Yamaaki, S. Izumitani, S.
Suyama, T. Suguki. M. Kohara, S.
Morimato, K. Shisivechi, I. Abe,
manager, and two others not yet
selected. The Waseda team is
probably the best in Japan. It has
beaten English and French teamß
and a nine from the American Club
at Yokohama. The Japanese paper
states that nine is expected to win
a majority of the games played.
Manager Abe will probably ar
range to play other games on the
Coast before his team returns to
Japan. The team comes to play
Stanford with the understanding
that it pays its own expenses and
gets two-thirds of the gate re
ceipts.
A letter has been received by
Manager Barrett from Iso Abe,
manager of the baseball team of
Waßeda University, to the effect
that the Japanese team expects to
arrive at San Francisco about the
middle of April. The two games
scheduled between the Japanese
university and Stanford will be
played sometime between April
20th and May Ist, but no definite
date has yet been set.
The Japanese team will leave
Japan on April 4th and reach here
on April 21st. It is intended
to play one game on the campus
and one in San Francisco, but it
has not been decided where the
first match will be held.
Fifteen men will make the trip
to this country from Waseda Uni
versity, twelve of whom are play
ers. A Japanese paper gives the
list of players as follows: S.
liashido, S. Oshikawa, Y. Kawano,
M. Yamaaki, S. Izumitani, S.
Suyama, T. Suguki. M. Kohara, S.
Morimato, K. Shisivechi, I. Abe,
manager, and two others not yet
selected. The Waseda team is
probably the best in Japan. It has
beaten English and French teamß
and a nine from the American Club
at Yokohama. The Japanese paper
states that nine is expected to win
a majority of the games played.
Manager Abe will probably ar
range to play other games on the
Coast before his team returns to
Japan. The team comes to play
Stanford with the understanding
that it pays its own expenses and
gets two-thirds of the gate re
ceipts.
A letter has been received by
Manager Barrett from Iso Abe,
manager of the baseball team of
Waßeda University, to the effect
that the Japanese team expects to
arrive at San Francisco about the
middle of April. The two games
scheduled between the Japanese
university and Stanford will be
played sometime between April
20th and May Ist, but no definite
date has yet been set.
The Japanese team will leave
Japan on April 4th and reach here
on April 21st. It is intended
to play one game on the campus
and one in San Francisco, but it
has not been decided where the
first match will be held.
Fifteen men will make the trip
to this country from Waseda Uni
versity, twelve of whom are play
ers. A Japanese paper gives the
list of players as follows: S.
liashido, S. Oshikawa, Y. Kawano,
M. Yamaaki, S. Izumitani, S.
Suyama, T. Suguki. M. Kohara, S.
Morimato, K. Shisivechi, I. Abe,
manager, and two others not yet
selected. The Waseda team is
probably the best in Japan. It has
beaten English and French teamß
and a nine from the American Club
at Yokohama. The Japanese paper
states that nine is expected to win
a majority of the games played.
Manager Abe will probably ar
range to play other games on the
Coast before his team returns to
Japan. The team comes to play
Stanford with the understanding
that it pays its own expenses and
gets two-thirds of the gate re
ceipts.
A letter has been received by
Manager Barrett from Iso Abe,
manager of the baseball team of
Waßeda University, to the effect
that the Japanese team expects to
arrive at San Francisco about the
middle of April. The two games
scheduled between the Japanese
university and Stanford will be
played sometime between April
20th and May Ist, but no definite
date has yet been set.
The Japanese team will leave
Japan on April 4th and reach here
on April 21st. It is intended
to play one game on the campus
and one in San Francisco, but it
has not been decided where the
first match will be held.
Fifteen men will make the trip
to this country from Waseda Uni
versity, twelve of whom are play
ers. A Japanese paper gives the
list of players as follows: S.
liashido, S. Oshikawa, Y. Kawano,
M. Yamaaki, S. Izumitani, S.
Suyama, T. Suguki. M. Kohara, S.
Morimato, K. Shisivechi, I. Abe,
manager, and two others not yet
selected. The Waseda team is
probably the best in Japan. It has
beaten English and French teamß
and a nine from the American Club
at Yokohama. The Japanese paper
states that nine is expected to win
a majority of the games played.
Manager Abe will probably ar
range to play other games on the
Coast before his team returns to
Japan. The team comes to play
Stanford with the understanding
that it pays its own expenses and
gets two-thirds of the gate re
ceipts.
A letter has been received by
Manager Barrett from Iso Abe,
manager of the baseball team of
Waßeda University, to the effect
that the Japanese team expects to
arrive at San Francisco about the
middle of April. The two games
scheduled between the Japanese
university and Stanford will be
played sometime between April
20th and May Ist, but no definite
date has yet been set.
The Japanese team will leave
Japan on April 4th and reach here
on April 21st. It is intended
to play one game on the campus
and one in San Francisco, but it
has not been decided where the
first match will be held.
Fifteen men will make the trip
to this country from Waseda Uni
versity, twelve of whom are play
ers. A Japanese paper gives the
list of players as follows: S.
liashido, S. Oshikawa, Y. Kawano,
M. Yamaaki, S. Izumitani, S.
Suyama, T. Suguki. M. Kohara, S.
Morimato, K. Shisivechi, I. Abe,
manager, and two others not yet
selected. The Waseda team is
probably the best in Japan. It has
beaten English and French teamß
and a nine from the American Club
at Yokohama. The Japanese paper
states that nine is expected to win
a majority of the games played.
Manager Abe will probably ar
range to play other games on the
Coast before his team returns to
Japan. The team comes to play
Stanford with the understanding
that it pays its own expenses and
gets two-thirds of the gate re
ceipts.
