# Adv. 6 Page 2
## 
### 
5 11 510 Waverley
Street
Palo Alto
I Phone 21244
I
I
I
'11 ■ !i' x J
$5.00
NOTE —Graduate corsetieres in at
tendance to fit and advise you
without cost or obligation. Phone
Palo Alto 2-1244.
510 WAVERLEY ST.
5 11 510 Waverley
Street
Palo Alto
I Phone 21244
I
I
I
'11 ■ !i' x J
$5.00
NOTE —Graduate corsetieres in at
tendance to fit and advise you
without cost or obligation. Phone
Palo Alto 2-1244.
510 WAVERLEY ST.
5 11 510 Waverley
Street
Palo Alto
I Phone 21244
I
I
I
'11 ■ !i' x J
$5.00
NOTE —Graduate corsetieres in at
tendance to fit and advise you
without cost or obligation. Phone
Palo Alto 2-1244.
510 WAVERLEY ST.
5 11 510 Waverley
Street
Palo Alto
I Phone 21244
I
I
I
'11 ■ !i' x J
$5.00
NOTE —Graduate corsetieres in at
tendance to fit and advise you
without cost or obligation. Phone
Palo Alto 2-1244.
510 WAVERLEY ST.
5 11 510 Waverley
Street
Palo Alto
I Phone 21244
I
I
I
'11 ■ !i' x J
$5.00
NOTE —Graduate corsetieres in at
tendance to fit and advise you
without cost or obligation. Phone
Palo Alto 2-1244.
510 WAVERLEY ST.
5 11 510 Waverley
Street
Palo Alto
I Phone 21244
I
I
I
'11 ■ !i' x J
$5.00
NOTE —Graduate corsetieres in at
tendance to fit and advise you
without cost or obligation. Phone
Palo Alto 2-1244.
510 WAVERLEY ST.
5 11 510 Waverley
Street
Palo Alto
I Phone 21244
I
I
I
'11 ■ !i' x J
$5.00
NOTE —Graduate corsetieres in at
tendance to fit and advise you
without cost or obligation. Phone
Palo Alto 2-1244.
510 WAVERLEY ST.
5 11 510 Waverley
Street
Palo Alto
I Phone 21244
I
I
I
'11 ■ !i' x J
$5.00
NOTE —Graduate corsetieres in at
tendance to fit and advise you
without cost or obligation. Phone
Palo Alto 2-1244.
510 WAVERLEY ST.
5 11 510 Waverley
Street
Palo Alto
I Phone 21244
I
I
I
'11 ■ !i' x J
$5.00
NOTE —Graduate corsetieres in at
tendance to fit and advise you
without cost or obligation. Phone
Palo Alto 2-1244.
510 WAVERLEY ST.
5 11 510 Waverley
Street
Palo Alto
I Phone 21244
I
I
I
'11 ■ !i' x J
$5.00
NOTE —Graduate corsetieres in at
tendance to fit and advise you
without cost or obligation. Phone
Palo Alto 2-1244.
510 WAVERLEY ST.
5 11 510 Waverley
Street
Palo Alto
I Phone 21244
I
I
I
'11 ■ !i' x J
$5.00
NOTE —Graduate corsetieres in at
tendance to fit and advise you
without cost or obligation. Phone
Palo Alto 2-1244.
510 WAVERLEY ST.
5 11 510 Waverley
Street
Palo Alto
I Phone 21244
I
I
I
'11 ■ !i' x J
$5.00
NOTE —Graduate corsetieres in at
tendance to fit and advise you
without cost or obligation. Phone
Palo Alto 2-1244.
510 WAVERLEY ST.
5 11 510 Waverley
Street
Palo Alto
I Phone 21244
I
I
I
'11 ■ !i' x J
$5.00
NOTE —Graduate corsetieres in at
tendance to fit and advise you
without cost or obligation. Phone
Palo Alto 2-1244.
510 WAVERLEY ST.
5 11 510 Waverley
Street
Palo Alto
I Phone 21244
I
I
I
'11 ■ !i' x J
$5.00
NOTE —Graduate corsetieres in at
tendance to fit and advise you
without cost or obligation. Phone
Palo Alto 2-1244.
510 WAVERLEY ST.
5 11 510 Waverley
Street
Palo Alto
I Phone 21244
I
I
I
'11 ■ !i' x J
$5.00
NOTE —Graduate corsetieres in at
tendance to fit and advise you
without cost or obligation. Phone
Palo Alto 2-1244.
510 WAVERLEY ST.
5 11 510 Waverley
Street
Palo Alto
I Phone 21244
I
I
I
'11 ■ !i' x J
$5.00
NOTE —Graduate corsetieres in at
tendance to fit and advise you
without cost or obligation. Phone
Palo Alto 2-1244.
510 WAVERLEY ST.
5 11 510 Waverley
Street
Palo Alto
I Phone 21244
I
I
I
'11 ■ !i' x J
$5.00
NOTE —Graduate corsetieres in at
tendance to fit and advise you
without cost or obligation. Phone
Palo Alto 2-1244.
510 WAVERLEY ST.
5 11 510 Waverley
Street
Palo Alto
I Phone 21244
I
I
I
'11 ■ !i' x J
$5.00
NOTE —Graduate corsetieres in at
tendance to fit and advise you
without cost or obligation. Phone
Palo Alto 2-1244.
510 WAVERLEY ST.
