# DETROIT GAME TODAY
## 
### 
Detroit will be the scene of the
1941 Major League All-Star base
ball game to be played this after
noon.
Detroit will be the scene of the
1941 Major League All-Star base
ball game to be played this after
noon.
Detroit will be the scene of the
1941 Major League All-Star base
ball game to be played this after
noon.
Detroit will be the scene of the
1941 Major League All-Star base
ball game to be played this after
noon.
Detroit will be the scene of the
1941 Major League All-Star base
ball game to be played this after
noon.
Detroit will be the scene of the
1941 Major League All-Star base
ball game to be played this after
noon.
Detroit will be the scene of the
1941 Major League All-Star base
ball game to be played this after
noon.
Detroit will be the scene of the
1941 Major League All-Star base
ball game to be played this after
noon.
Detroit will be the scene of the
1941 Major League All-Star base
ball game to be played this after
noon.
Detroit will be the scene of the
1941 Major League All-Star base
ball game to be played this after
noon.
Detroit will be the scene of the
1941 Major League All-Star base
ball game to be played this after
noon.
Detroit will be the scene of the
1941 Major League All-Star base
ball game to be played this after
noon.
Detroit will be the scene of the
1941 Major League All-Star base
ball game to be played this after
noon.
Detroit will be the scene of the
1941 Major League All-Star base
ball game to be played this after
noon.
Detroit will be the scene of the
1941 Major League All-Star base
ball game to be played this after
noon.
Detroit will be the scene of the
1941 Major League All-Star base
ball game to be played this after
noon.
Detroit will be the scene of the
1941 Major League All-Star base
ball game to be played this after
noon.
Detroit will be the scene of the
1941 Major League All-Star base
ball game to be played this after
noon.
