# HEELS AND MORE HEELS
## 
### 
Rubber heels are standard equip
ment for soldier's shoes.
Rubber heels are standard equip
ment for soldier's shoes.
Rubber heels are standard equip
ment for soldier's shoes.
Rubber heels are standard equip
ment for soldier's shoes.
Rubber heels are standard equip
ment for soldier's shoes.
Rubber heels are standard equip
ment for soldier's shoes.
Rubber heels are standard equip
ment for soldier's shoes.
Rubber heels are standard equip
ment for soldier's shoes.
Rubber heels are standard equip
ment for soldier's shoes.
Rubber heels are standard equip
ment for soldier's shoes.
Rubber heels are standard equip
ment for soldier's shoes.
Rubber heels are standard equip
ment for soldier's shoes.
Rubber heels are standard equip
ment for soldier's shoes.
Rubber heels are standard equip
ment for soldier's shoes.
Rubber heels are standard equip
ment for soldier's shoes.
Rubber heels are standard equip
ment for soldier's shoes.
Rubber heels are standard equip
ment for soldier's shoes.
Rubber heels are standard equip
ment for soldier's shoes.
