# FROM TEETHING TO SMOKING
## 
### 
Six-year-old Allan Johnston of
Peterboro, Ont., used his grand
father's pipe as a teething ring and
has been smoking ever since.
Six-year-old Allan Johnston of
Peterboro, Ont., used his grand
father's pipe as a teething ring and
has been smoking ever since.
Six-year-old Allan Johnston of
Peterboro, Ont., used his grand
father's pipe as a teething ring and
has been smoking ever since.
Six-year-old Allan Johnston of
Peterboro, Ont., used his grand
father's pipe as a teething ring and
has been smoking ever since.
Six-year-old Allan Johnston of
Peterboro, Ont., used his grand
father's pipe as a teething ring and
has been smoking ever since.
Six-year-old Allan Johnston of
Peterboro, Ont., used his grand
father's pipe as a teething ring and
has been smoking ever since.
Six-year-old Allan Johnston of
Peterboro, Ont., used his grand
father's pipe as a teething ring and
has been smoking ever since.
Six-year-old Allan Johnston of
Peterboro, Ont., used his grand
father's pipe as a teething ring and
has been smoking ever since.
Six-year-old Allan Johnston of
Peterboro, Ont., used his grand
father's pipe as a teething ring and
has been smoking ever since.
Six-year-old Allan Johnston of
Peterboro, Ont., used his grand
father's pipe as a teething ring and
has been smoking ever since.
Six-year-old Allan Johnston of
Peterboro, Ont., used his grand
father's pipe as a teething ring and
has been smoking ever since.
Six-year-old Allan Johnston of
Peterboro, Ont., used his grand
father's pipe as a teething ring and
has been smoking ever since.
Six-year-old Allan Johnston of
Peterboro, Ont., used his grand
father's pipe as a teething ring and
has been smoking ever since.
Six-year-old Allan Johnston of
Peterboro, Ont., used his grand
father's pipe as a teething ring and
has been smoking ever since.
Six-year-old Allan Johnston of
Peterboro, Ont., used his grand
father's pipe as a teething ring and
has been smoking ever since.
Six-year-old Allan Johnston of
Peterboro, Ont., used his grand
father's pipe as a teething ring and
has been smoking ever since.
Six-year-old Allan Johnston of
Peterboro, Ont., used his grand
father's pipe as a teething ring and
has been smoking ever since.
Six-year-old Allan Johnston of
Peterboro, Ont., used his grand
father's pipe as a teething ring and
has been smoking ever since.
