# CAMEL AD
## 
### 
An R.A.F. pilot recently escaped
German sentries in the western
desert of South Africa by disguis
ing himself as a veiled Arab woman
leading a camel.
An R.A.F. pilot recently escaped
German sentries in the western
desert of South Africa by disguis
ing himself as a veiled Arab woman
leading a camel.
An R.A.F. pilot recently escaped
German sentries in the western
desert of South Africa by disguis
ing himself as a veiled Arab woman
leading a camel.
An R.A.F. pilot recently escaped
German sentries in the western
desert of South Africa by disguis
ing himself as a veiled Arab woman
leading a camel.
An R.A.F. pilot recently escaped
German sentries in the western
desert of South Africa by disguis
ing himself as a veiled Arab woman
leading a camel.
An R.A.F. pilot recently escaped
German sentries in the western
desert of South Africa by disguis
ing himself as a veiled Arab woman
leading a camel.
An R.A.F. pilot recently escaped
German sentries in the western
desert of South Africa by disguis
ing himself as a veiled Arab woman
leading a camel.
An R.A.F. pilot recently escaped
German sentries in the western
desert of South Africa by disguis
ing himself as a veiled Arab woman
leading a camel.
An R.A.F. pilot recently escaped
German sentries in the western
desert of South Africa by disguis
ing himself as a veiled Arab woman
leading a camel.
An R.A.F. pilot recently escaped
German sentries in the western
desert of South Africa by disguis
ing himself as a veiled Arab woman
leading a camel.
An R.A.F. pilot recently escaped
German sentries in the western
desert of South Africa by disguis
ing himself as a veiled Arab woman
leading a camel.
An R.A.F. pilot recently escaped
German sentries in the western
desert of South Africa by disguis
ing himself as a veiled Arab woman
leading a camel.
An R.A.F. pilot recently escaped
German sentries in the western
desert of South Africa by disguis
ing himself as a veiled Arab woman
leading a camel.
An R.A.F. pilot recently escaped
German sentries in the western
desert of South Africa by disguis
ing himself as a veiled Arab woman
leading a camel.
An R.A.F. pilot recently escaped
German sentries in the western
desert of South Africa by disguis
ing himself as a veiled Arab woman
leading a camel.
An R.A.F. pilot recently escaped
German sentries in the western
desert of South Africa by disguis
ing himself as a veiled Arab woman
leading a camel.
An R.A.F. pilot recently escaped
German sentries in the western
desert of South Africa by disguis
ing himself as a veiled Arab woman
leading a camel.
An R.A.F. pilot recently escaped
German sentries in the western
desert of South Africa by disguis
ing himself as a veiled Arab woman
leading a camel.
