# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Yale students want permission to
go around the campus without hats.
Yale students want permission to
go around the campus without hats.
Yale students want permission to
go around the campus without hats.
Yale students want permission to
go around the campus without hats.
Yale students want permission to
go around the campus without hats.
Yale students want permission to
go around the campus without hats.
Yale students want permission to
go around the campus without hats.
Yale students want permission to
go around the campus without hats.
Yale students want permission to
go around the campus without hats.
Yale students want permission to
go around the campus without hats.
Yale students want permission to
go around the campus without hats.
Yale students want permission to
go around the campus without hats.
Yale students want permission to
go around the campus without hats.
Yale students want permission to
go around the campus without hats.
Yale students want permission to
go around the campus without hats.
