# ROOTERS' TICKETS FOR U.S.C. MEET ON SALE AT UNION
## 
### 
Rooters' tickets for the U.S.C.-
Stanford track meet in the sta
dium Saturday, will go on sale in
the Union from 1 to 5 o'clock to
morrow afternoon. Students may
also purchase rooters' tickets for
the baseball game between the
Stanford varsity and the Waseda
University, to be played immedi
ately after the track meet. Root
ers' track meet tickets will be 50
cents, and the baseball tickets 25
cents. Tickets purchased at the
sale two weeks ago are valid.
The Waseda team will play its
first game in the United States
against the Cardinals tomorrow
afternoon, while Saturday's con
test will be the second and final
game of the Stanford series.
