# "CHINA" TOPIC AT CARD, U.C. FACULTY MEETING
## 
### 
"China" is tlie subject faculty repre
sentatives of Stanford and the Univer
sity of California will discuss at a
conference to be held in San Fran
cisco at the St. Francis Hotel today
and Thursday, sponsored by the San
Francisco League of Women Voters.
Professor Payson J. Treat of Stan
ford will speak on "The Historical Ap
proach to the Present Day Problem"
today, and Dr. Wilbur will consider
"Mutual Understandings in the Pa
cific" on Thursday.
"China" is tlie subject faculty repre
sentatives of Stanford and the Univer
sity of California will discuss at a
conference to be held in San Fran
cisco at the St. Francis Hotel today
and Thursday, sponsored by the San
Francisco League of Women Voters.
Professor Payson J. Treat of Stan
ford will speak on "The Historical Ap
proach to the Present Day Problem"
today, and Dr. Wilbur will consider
"Mutual Understandings in the Pa
cific" on Thursday.
"China" is tlie subject faculty repre
sentatives of Stanford and the Univer
sity of California will discuss at a
conference to be held in San Fran
cisco at the St. Francis Hotel today
and Thursday, sponsored by the San
Francisco League of Women Voters.
Professor Payson J. Treat of Stan
ford will speak on "The Historical Ap
proach to the Present Day Problem"
today, and Dr. Wilbur will consider
"Mutual Understandings in the Pa
cific" on Thursday.
"China" is tlie subject faculty repre
sentatives of Stanford and the Univer
sity of California will discuss at a
conference to be held in San Fran
cisco at the St. Francis Hotel today
and Thursday, sponsored by the San
Francisco League of Women Voters.
Professor Payson J. Treat of Stan
ford will speak on "The Historical Ap
proach to the Present Day Problem"
today, and Dr. Wilbur will consider
"Mutual Understandings in the Pa
cific" on Thursday.
"China" is tlie subject faculty repre
sentatives of Stanford and the Univer
sity of California will discuss at a
conference to be held in San Fran
cisco at the St. Francis Hotel today
and Thursday, sponsored by the San
Francisco League of Women Voters.
Professor Payson J. Treat of Stan
ford will speak on "The Historical Ap
proach to the Present Day Problem"
today, and Dr. Wilbur will consider
"Mutual Understandings in the Pa
cific" on Thursday.
"China" is tlie subject faculty repre
sentatives of Stanford and the Univer
sity of California will discuss at a
conference to be held in San Fran
cisco at the St. Francis Hotel today
and Thursday, sponsored by the San
Francisco League of Women Voters.
Professor Payson J. Treat of Stan
ford will speak on "The Historical Ap
proach to the Present Day Problem"
today, and Dr. Wilbur will consider
"Mutual Understandings in the Pa
cific" on Thursday.
"China" is tlie subject faculty repre
sentatives of Stanford and the Univer
sity of California will discuss at a
conference to be held in San Fran
cisco at the St. Francis Hotel today
and Thursday, sponsored by the San
Francisco League of Women Voters.
Professor Payson J. Treat of Stan
ford will speak on "The Historical Ap
proach to the Present Day Problem"
today, and Dr. Wilbur will consider
"Mutual Understandings in the Pa
cific" on Thursday.
"China" is tlie subject faculty repre
sentatives of Stanford and the Univer
sity of California will discuss at a
conference to be held in San Fran
cisco at the St. Francis Hotel today
and Thursday, sponsored by the San
Francisco League of Women Voters.
Professor Payson J. Treat of Stan
ford will speak on "The Historical Ap
proach to the Present Day Problem"
today, and Dr. Wilbur will consider
"Mutual Understandings in the Pa
cific" on Thursday.
"China" is tlie subject faculty repre
sentatives of Stanford and the Univer
sity of California will discuss at a
conference to be held in San Fran
cisco at the St. Francis Hotel today
and Thursday, sponsored by the San
Francisco League of Women Voters.
Professor Payson J. Treat of Stan
ford will speak on "The Historical Ap
proach to the Present Day Problem"
today, and Dr. Wilbur will consider
"Mutual Understandings in the Pa
cific" on Thursday.
"China" is tlie subject faculty repre
sentatives of Stanford and the Univer
sity of California will discuss at a
conference to be held in San Fran
cisco at the St. Francis Hotel today
and Thursday, sponsored by the San
Francisco League of Women Voters.
Professor Payson J. Treat of Stan
ford will speak on "The Historical Ap
proach to the Present Day Problem"
today, and Dr. Wilbur will consider
"Mutual Understandings in the Pa
cific" on Thursday.
"China" is tlie subject faculty repre
sentatives of Stanford and the Univer
sity of California will discuss at a
conference to be held in San Fran
cisco at the St. Francis Hotel today
and Thursday, sponsored by the San
Francisco League of Women Voters.
Professor Payson J. Treat of Stan
ford will speak on "The Historical Ap
proach to the Present Day Problem"
today, and Dr. Wilbur will consider
"Mutual Understandings in the Pa
cific" on Thursday.
"China" is tlie subject faculty repre
sentatives of Stanford and the Univer
sity of California will discuss at a
conference to be held in San Fran
cisco at the St. Francis Hotel today
and Thursday, sponsored by the San
Francisco League of Women Voters.
Professor Payson J. Treat of Stan
ford will speak on "The Historical Ap
proach to the Present Day Problem"
today, and Dr. Wilbur will consider
"Mutual Understandings in the Pa
cific" on Thursday.
"China" is tlie subject faculty repre
sentatives of Stanford and the Univer
sity of California will discuss at a
conference to be held in San Fran
cisco at the St. Francis Hotel today
and Thursday, sponsored by the San
Francisco League of Women Voters.
Professor Payson J. Treat of Stan
ford will speak on "The Historical Ap
proach to the Present Day Problem"
today, and Dr. Wilbur will consider
"Mutual Understandings in the Pa
cific" on Thursday.
"China" is tlie subject faculty repre
sentatives of Stanford and the Univer
sity of California will discuss at a
conference to be held in San Fran
cisco at the St. Francis Hotel today
and Thursday, sponsored by the San
Francisco League of Women Voters.
Professor Payson J. Treat of Stan
ford will speak on "The Historical Ap
proach to the Present Day Problem"
today, and Dr. Wilbur will consider
"Mutual Understandings in the Pa
cific" on Thursday.
"China" is tlie subject faculty repre
sentatives of Stanford and the Univer
sity of California will discuss at a
conference to be held in San Fran
cisco at the St. Francis Hotel today
and Thursday, sponsored by the San
Francisco League of Women Voters.
Professor Payson J. Treat of Stan
ford will speak on "The Historical Ap
proach to the Present Day Problem"
today, and Dr. Wilbur will consider
"Mutual Understandings in the Pa
cific" on Thursday.
