# Adv. 17 Page 7
## 
### 
Fun work environment, very
flexible schedule. Apply online
//Stanford.thecallingcenter.com
Math tutor needed in PA for high
school students.2-4 hr/wk, after
school or weekends. 650-207-9909
$30-$4O/hour, or negotiable.
COMPUTOR TUTOR/TECH SUP
PORT
Gen'l teachng/tech asst&projects
Set up ebay sellng/pics.web site
help, misc. On site: RWC/PA.
650-329-9465.
Fun work environment, very
flexible schedule. Apply online
//Stanford.thecallingcenter.com
Math tutor needed in PA for high
school students.2-4 hr/wk, after
school or weekends. 650-207-9909
$30-$4O/hour, or negotiable.
COMPUTOR TUTOR/TECH SUP
PORT
Gen'l teachng/tech asst&projects
Set up ebay sellng/pics.web site
help, misc. On site: RWC/PA.
650-329-9465.
Fun work environment, very
flexible schedule. Apply online
//Stanford.thecallingcenter.com
Math tutor needed in PA for high
school students.2-4 hr/wk, after
school or weekends. 650-207-9909
$30-$4O/hour, or negotiable.
COMPUTOR TUTOR/TECH SUP
PORT
Gen'l teachng/tech asst&projects
Set up ebay sellng/pics.web site
help, misc. On site: RWC/PA.
650-329-9465.
Fun work environment, very
flexible schedule. Apply online
//Stanford.thecallingcenter.com
Math tutor needed in PA for high
school students.2-4 hr/wk, after
school or weekends. 650-207-9909
$30-$4O/hour, or negotiable.
COMPUTOR TUTOR/TECH SUP
PORT
Gen'l teachng/tech asst&projects
Set up ebay sellng/pics.web site
help, misc. On site: RWC/PA.
650-329-9465.
Fun work environment, very
flexible schedule. Apply online
//Stanford.thecallingcenter.com
Math tutor needed in PA for high
school students.2-4 hr/wk, after
school or weekends. 650-207-9909
$30-$4O/hour, or negotiable.
COMPUTOR TUTOR/TECH SUP
PORT
Gen'l teachng/tech asst&projects
Set up ebay sellng/pics.web site
help, misc. On site: RWC/PA.
650-329-9465.
Fun work environment, very
flexible schedule. Apply online
//Stanford.thecallingcenter.com
Math tutor needed in PA for high
school students.2-4 hr/wk, after
school or weekends. 650-207-9909
$30-$4O/hour, or negotiable.
COMPUTOR TUTOR/TECH SUP
PORT
Gen'l teachng/tech asst&projects
Set up ebay sellng/pics.web site
help, misc. On site: RWC/PA.
650-329-9465.
