# Crew Sweeps 3
## 
### 
The Stanford crew team liter
ally destroyed all competition
with its wake Saturday morning,
beating U.S.C., Oregon State,
and Santa Clara. The Varsity,
the second varsity, the third
varsity, and the first freshman
teams all won their classes.
The Stanford crew team liter
ally destroyed all competition
with its wake Saturday morning,
beating U.S.C., Oregon State,
and Santa Clara. The Varsity,
the second varsity, the third
varsity, and the first freshman
teams all won their classes.
The Stanford crew team liter
ally destroyed all competition
with its wake Saturday morning,
beating U.S.C., Oregon State,
and Santa Clara. The Varsity,
the second varsity, the third
varsity, and the first freshman
teams all won their classes.
The Stanford crew team liter
ally destroyed all competition
with its wake Saturday morning,
beating U.S.C., Oregon State,
and Santa Clara. The Varsity,
the second varsity, the third
varsity, and the first freshman
teams all won their classes.
The Stanford crew team liter
ally destroyed all competition
with its wake Saturday morning,
beating U.S.C., Oregon State,
and Santa Clara. The Varsity,
the second varsity, the third
varsity, and the first freshman
teams all won their classes.
The Stanford crew team liter
ally destroyed all competition
with its wake Saturday morning,
beating U.S.C., Oregon State,
and Santa Clara. The Varsity,
the second varsity, the third
varsity, and the first freshman
teams all won their classes.
The Stanford crew team liter
ally destroyed all competition
with its wake Saturday morning,
beating U.S.C., Oregon State,
and Santa Clara. The Varsity,
the second varsity, the third
varsity, and the first freshman
teams all won their classes.
The Stanford crew team liter
ally destroyed all competition
with its wake Saturday morning,
beating U.S.C., Oregon State,
and Santa Clara. The Varsity,
the second varsity, the third
varsity, and the first freshman
teams all won their classes.
The Stanford crew team liter
ally destroyed all competition
with its wake Saturday morning,
beating U.S.C., Oregon State,
and Santa Clara. The Varsity,
the second varsity, the third
varsity, and the first freshman
teams all won their classes.
The Stanford crew team liter
ally destroyed all competition
with its wake Saturday morning,
beating U.S.C., Oregon State,
and Santa Clara. The Varsity,
the second varsity, the third
varsity, and the first freshman
teams all won their classes.
The Stanford crew team liter
ally destroyed all competition
with its wake Saturday morning,
beating U.S.C., Oregon State,
and Santa Clara. The Varsity,
the second varsity, the third
varsity, and the first freshman
teams all won their classes.
The Stanford crew team liter
ally destroyed all competition
with its wake Saturday morning,
beating U.S.C., Oregon State,
and Santa Clara. The Varsity,
the second varsity, the third
varsity, and the first freshman
teams all won their classes.
The Stanford crew team liter
ally destroyed all competition
with its wake Saturday morning,
beating U.S.C., Oregon State,
and Santa Clara. The Varsity,
the second varsity, the third
varsity, and the first freshman
teams all won their classes.
The Stanford crew team liter
ally destroyed all competition
with its wake Saturday morning,
beating U.S.C., Oregon State,
and Santa Clara. The Varsity,
the second varsity, the third
varsity, and the first freshman
teams all won their classes.
The Stanford crew team liter
ally destroyed all competition
with its wake Saturday morning,
beating U.S.C., Oregon State,
and Santa Clara. The Varsity,
the second varsity, the third
varsity, and the first freshman
teams all won their classes.
