# Branner Club Will Give Italian Wine-Garden Dance
## 
### 
On November 13, the dining room of
Branner hall will be made to .appear
like an Italian wino-garden. The occa
sion is Branner Club's first informal
dance of the year. Trees and hedges
in pots will be placed all around the
dance floor in an attempt to make the
effect as realistic as possible. Every
thing will be supplied to attain this
but the wine. Even a fountain with
running water to be placed at one end
of the floor is being arranged for, an
nounced John M. Blackford, chairman
i*t' the dance committee.
Tickets are on sale at the present
time at $2 apiece. Up to Friday, No
vember 5. these will be held for club
members only, but on that date, if any
are left, they will be sold to other
students.
