# History Association Meets On Campus November 26-27
## 
### 
The Pacific Coast Branch of the
American Historical Association is to
hold its twenty-second annual meeting,
November 26 and 27, at Stanford Uni
versity, Professor Payson J. Treat an
nounced today. At the first session,
Friday, November 26, there will be a
general discussion of Pacific Coast
history. This will be followed by tlio
annual dinner at 7 o'clock in the Stan
ford Union during which the members
will hear the President's annual ad
dress.
Saturday morning again will be de
voted to general discussion, concluded
with a short business session. The
teachers' session, at which wide par
ticipation is desired, will be opened at
3 o'clock by Professor Edward M.
Hulme.
Headquarters for the Association
during the meeting will be Itoom 230
of the History building, and the ses
sions will be in Room 231.
The Pacific Coast Branch of the
American Historical Association is to
hold its twenty-second annual meeting,
November 26 and 27, at Stanford Uni
versity, Professor Payson J. Treat an
nounced today. At the first session,
Friday, November 26, there will be a
general discussion of Pacific Coast
history. This will be followed by tlio
annual dinner at 7 o'clock in the Stan
ford Union during which the members
will hear the President's annual ad
dress.
Saturday morning again will be de
voted to general discussion, concluded
with a short business session. The
teachers' session, at which wide par
ticipation is desired, will be opened at
3 o'clock by Professor Edward M.
Hulme.
Headquarters for the Association
during the meeting will be Itoom 230
of the History building, and the ses
sions will be in Room 231.
The Pacific Coast Branch of the
American Historical Association is to
hold its twenty-second annual meeting,
November 26 and 27, at Stanford Uni
versity, Professor Payson J. Treat an
nounced today. At the first session,
Friday, November 26, there will be a
general discussion of Pacific Coast
history. This will be followed by tlio
annual dinner at 7 o'clock in the Stan
ford Union during which the members
will hear the President's annual ad
dress.
Saturday morning again will be de
voted to general discussion, concluded
with a short business session. The
teachers' session, at which wide par
ticipation is desired, will be opened at
3 o'clock by Professor Edward M.
Hulme.
Headquarters for the Association
during the meeting will be Itoom 230
of the History building, and the ses
sions will be in Room 231.
The Pacific Coast Branch of the
American Historical Association is to
hold its twenty-second annual meeting,
November 26 and 27, at Stanford Uni
versity, Professor Payson J. Treat an
nounced today. At the first session,
Friday, November 26, there will be a
general discussion of Pacific Coast
history. This will be followed by tlio
annual dinner at 7 o'clock in the Stan
ford Union during which the members
will hear the President's annual ad
dress.
Saturday morning again will be de
voted to general discussion, concluded
with a short business session. The
teachers' session, at which wide par
ticipation is desired, will be opened at
3 o'clock by Professor Edward M.
Hulme.
Headquarters for the Association
during the meeting will be Itoom 230
of the History building, and the ses
sions will be in Room 231.
The Pacific Coast Branch of the
American Historical Association is to
hold its twenty-second annual meeting,
November 26 and 27, at Stanford Uni
versity, Professor Payson J. Treat an
nounced today. At the first session,
Friday, November 26, there will be a
general discussion of Pacific Coast
history. This will be followed by tlio
annual dinner at 7 o'clock in the Stan
ford Union during which the members
will hear the President's annual ad
dress.
Saturday morning again will be de
voted to general discussion, concluded
with a short business session. The
teachers' session, at which wide par
ticipation is desired, will be opened at
3 o'clock by Professor Edward M.
Hulme.
Headquarters for the Association
during the meeting will be Itoom 230
of the History building, and the ses
sions will be in Room 231.
The Pacific Coast Branch of the
American Historical Association is to
hold its twenty-second annual meeting,
November 26 and 27, at Stanford Uni
versity, Professor Payson J. Treat an
nounced today. At the first session,
Friday, November 26, there will be a
general discussion of Pacific Coast
history. This will be followed by tlio
annual dinner at 7 o'clock in the Stan
ford Union during which the members
will hear the President's annual ad
dress.
Saturday morning again will be de
voted to general discussion, concluded
with a short business session. The
teachers' session, at which wide par
ticipation is desired, will be opened at
3 o'clock by Professor Edward M.
Hulme.
Headquarters for the Association
during the meeting will be Itoom 230
of the History building, and the ses
sions will be in Room 231.
The Pacific Coast Branch of the
American Historical Association is to
hold its twenty-second annual meeting,
November 26 and 27, at Stanford Uni
versity, Professor Payson J. Treat an
nounced today. At the first session,
Friday, November 26, there will be a
general discussion of Pacific Coast
history. This will be followed by tlio
annual dinner at 7 o'clock in the Stan
ford Union during which the members
will hear the President's annual ad
dress.
Saturday morning again will be de
voted to general discussion, concluded
with a short business session. The
teachers' session, at which wide par
ticipation is desired, will be opened at
3 o'clock by Professor Edward M.
Hulme.
Headquarters for the Association
during the meeting will be Itoom 230
of the History building, and the ses
sions will be in Room 231.
The Pacific Coast Branch of the
American Historical Association is to
hold its twenty-second annual meeting,
November 26 and 27, at Stanford Uni
versity, Professor Payson J. Treat an
nounced today. At the first session,
Friday, November 26, there will be a
general discussion of Pacific Coast
history. This will be followed by tlio
annual dinner at 7 o'clock in the Stan
ford Union during which the members
will hear the President's annual ad
dress.
Saturday morning again will be de
voted to general discussion, concluded
with a short business session. The
teachers' session, at which wide par
ticipation is desired, will be opened at
3 o'clock by Professor Edward M.
Hulme.
Headquarters for the Association
during the meeting will be Itoom 230
of the History building, and the ses
sions will be in Room 231.
The Pacific Coast Branch of the
American Historical Association is to
hold its twenty-second annual meeting,
November 26 and 27, at Stanford Uni
versity, Professor Payson J. Treat an
nounced today. At the first session,
Friday, November 26, there will be a
general discussion of Pacific Coast
history. This will be followed by tlio
annual dinner at 7 o'clock in the Stan
ford Union during which the members
will hear the President's annual ad
dress.
Saturday morning again will be de
voted to general discussion, concluded
with a short business session. The
teachers' session, at which wide par
ticipation is desired, will be opened at
3 o'clock by Professor Edward M.
Hulme.
Headquarters for the Association
during the meeting will be Itoom 230
of the History building, and the ses
sions will be in Room 231.
The Pacific Coast Branch of the
American Historical Association is to
hold its twenty-second annual meeting,
November 26 and 27, at Stanford Uni
versity, Professor Payson J. Treat an
nounced today. At the first session,
Friday, November 26, there will be a
general discussion of Pacific Coast
history. This will be followed by tlio
annual dinner at 7 o'clock in the Stan
ford Union during which the members
will hear the President's annual ad
dress.
Saturday morning again will be de
voted to general discussion, concluded
with a short business session. The
teachers' session, at which wide par
ticipation is desired, will be opened at
3 o'clock by Professor Edward M.
Hulme.
Headquarters for the Association
during the meeting will be Itoom 230
of the History building, and the ses
sions will be in Room 231.
The Pacific Coast Branch of the
American Historical Association is to
hold its twenty-second annual meeting,
November 26 and 27, at Stanford Uni
versity, Professor Payson J. Treat an
nounced today. At the first session,
Friday, November 26, there will be a
general discussion of Pacific Coast
history. This will be followed by tlio
annual dinner at 7 o'clock in the Stan
ford Union during which the members
will hear the President's annual ad
dress.
Saturday morning again will be de
voted to general discussion, concluded
with a short business session. The
teachers' session, at which wide par
ticipation is desired, will be opened at
3 o'clock by Professor Edward M.
Hulme.
Headquarters for the Association
during the meeting will be Itoom 230
of the History building, and the ses
sions will be in Room 231.
The Pacific Coast Branch of the
American Historical Association is to
hold its twenty-second annual meeting,
November 26 and 27, at Stanford Uni
versity, Professor Payson J. Treat an
nounced today. At the first session,
Friday, November 26, there will be a
general discussion of Pacific Coast
history. This will be followed by tlio
annual dinner at 7 o'clock in the Stan
ford Union during which the members
will hear the President's annual ad
dress.
Saturday morning again will be de
voted to general discussion, concluded
with a short business session. The
teachers' session, at which wide par
ticipation is desired, will be opened at
3 o'clock by Professor Edward M.
Hulme.
Headquarters for the Association
during the meeting will be Itoom 230
of the History building, and the ses
sions will be in Room 231.
The Pacific Coast Branch of the
American Historical Association is to
hold its twenty-second annual meeting,
November 26 and 27, at Stanford Uni
versity, Professor Payson J. Treat an
nounced today. At the first session,
Friday, November 26, there will be a
general discussion of Pacific Coast
history. This will be followed by tlio
annual dinner at 7 o'clock in the Stan
ford Union during which the members
will hear the President's annual ad
dress.
Saturday morning again will be de
voted to general discussion, concluded
with a short business session. The
teachers' session, at which wide par
ticipation is desired, will be opened at
3 o'clock by Professor Edward M.
Hulme.
Headquarters for the Association
during the meeting will be Itoom 230
of the History building, and the ses
sions will be in Room 231.
The Pacific Coast Branch of the
American Historical Association is to
hold its twenty-second annual meeting,
November 26 and 27, at Stanford Uni
versity, Professor Payson J. Treat an
nounced today. At the first session,
Friday, November 26, there will be a
general discussion of Pacific Coast
history. This will be followed by tlio
annual dinner at 7 o'clock in the Stan
ford Union during which the members
will hear the President's annual ad
dress.
Saturday morning again will be de
voted to general discussion, concluded
with a short business session. The
teachers' session, at which wide par
ticipation is desired, will be opened at
3 o'clock by Professor Edward M.
Hulme.
Headquarters for the Association
during the meeting will be Itoom 230
of the History building, and the ses
sions will be in Room 231.
The Pacific Coast Branch of the
American Historical Association is to
hold its twenty-second annual meeting,
November 26 and 27, at Stanford Uni
versity, Professor Payson J. Treat an
nounced today. At the first session,
Friday, November 26, there will be a
general discussion of Pacific Coast
history. This will be followed by tlio
annual dinner at 7 o'clock in the Stan
ford Union during which the members
will hear the President's annual ad
dress.
Saturday morning again will be de
voted to general discussion, concluded
with a short business session. The
teachers' session, at which wide par
ticipation is desired, will be opened at
3 o'clock by Professor Edward M.
Hulme.
Headquarters for the Association
during the meeting will be Itoom 230
of the History building, and the ses
sions will be in Room 231.
