# TEMPLETON PREDICTS BIG GAME SURPRISES, WASHINGTON DEFEAT
## 
### 
The possibility of receiving a sur
prise in the California game was pre
dicted by Dick Templeton, Stanford
track coach, who talked before the
Palo Alto Kiwanis Club yesterday. He
said: "No team can take as many
beatings as California without learn
ing something."
He felt sure of a victory in next
Saturday's game with Santa Clara and
considered Stanford's chances good
in the Washington game. Speaking of
the latter game, he said: "Stanford
remembers last year well enough so
that this team is going to fight its
hardest against Washington next
week."
The reasons he gave for Coach War
ner's result-getting coaching are a
knowledge of how much to concen
trate on developing power and how
much and when to coach on passes,
open plays, and end runs. He also
stated that the groundwork laid by
Andy Kerr and Tiny Thornhill before
Warner arrived, were a wonderful
preparation for the latter's coaching.
