# Zapata's newest mural
## 
### 
Rudy Fernandez, a Chicano artist
from Tempe, Ariz., unveiled this
mural last month in Casa Zapata.
The mural is located in the lobby
entrance to the basement of the
dorm.

Rudy Fernandez, a Chicano artist
from Tempe, Ariz., unveiled this
mural last month in Casa Zapata.
The mural is located in the lobby
entrance to the basement of the
dorm.

Rudy Fernandez, a Chicano artist
from Tempe, Ariz., unveiled this
mural last month in Casa Zapata.
The mural is located in the lobby
entrance to the basement of the
dorm.

Rudy Fernandez, a Chicano artist
from Tempe, Ariz., unveiled this
mural last month in Casa Zapata.
The mural is located in the lobby
entrance to the basement of the
dorm.

Rudy Fernandez, a Chicano artist
from Tempe, Ariz., unveiled this
mural last month in Casa Zapata.
The mural is located in the lobby
entrance to the basement of the
dorm.

Rudy Fernandez, a Chicano artist
from Tempe, Ariz., unveiled this
mural last month in Casa Zapata.
The mural is located in the lobby
entrance to the basement of the
dorm.

Rudy Fernandez, a Chicano artist
from Tempe, Ariz., unveiled this
mural last month in Casa Zapata.
The mural is located in the lobby
entrance to the basement of the
dorm.

Rudy Fernandez, a Chicano artist
from Tempe, Ariz., unveiled this
mural last month in Casa Zapata.
The mural is located in the lobby
entrance to the basement of the
dorm.

