# German Runner Honored in New York; Will Sail Friday
## 
### 
NEW YORK, March B.—(U.P.) —

Dr. Otto Peltzer, German middle-dis
tance runner, was guest of honor to
night at a' banquet given by the
Knights of Columbus. Peltzer sails
for home Friday night aboard the
North German Lloyd liner Columbus.
NEW YORK, March B.—(U.P.) —

Dr. Otto Peltzer, German middle-dis
tance runner, was guest of honor to
night at a' banquet given by the
Knights of Columbus. Peltzer sails
for home Friday night aboard the
North German Lloyd liner Columbus.
NEW YORK, March B.—(U.P.) —

Dr. Otto Peltzer, German middle-dis
tance runner, was guest of honor to
night at a' banquet given by the
Knights of Columbus. Peltzer sails
for home Friday night aboard the
North German Lloyd liner Columbus.
NEW YORK, March B.—(U.P.) —

Dr. Otto Peltzer, German middle-dis
tance runner, was guest of honor to
night at a' banquet given by the
Knights of Columbus. Peltzer sails
for home Friday night aboard the
North German Lloyd liner Columbus.
NEW YORK, March B.—(U.P.) —

Dr. Otto Peltzer, German middle-dis
tance runner, was guest of honor to
night at a' banquet given by the
Knights of Columbus. Peltzer sails
for home Friday night aboard the
North German Lloyd liner Columbus.
NEW YORK, March B.—(U.P.) —

Dr. Otto Peltzer, German middle-dis
tance runner, was guest of honor to
night at a' banquet given by the
Knights of Columbus. Peltzer sails
for home Friday night aboard the
North German Lloyd liner Columbus.
NEW YORK, March B.—(U.P.) —

Dr. Otto Peltzer, German middle-dis
tance runner, was guest of honor to
night at a' banquet given by the
Knights of Columbus. Peltzer sails
for home Friday night aboard the
North German Lloyd liner Columbus.
NEW YORK, March B.—(U.P.) —

Dr. Otto Peltzer, German middle-dis
tance runner, was guest of honor to
night at a' banquet given by the
Knights of Columbus. Peltzer sails
for home Friday night aboard the
North German Lloyd liner Columbus.
NEW YORK, March B.—(U.P.) —

Dr. Otto Peltzer, German middle-dis
tance runner, was guest of honor to
night at a' banquet given by the
Knights of Columbus. Peltzer sails
for home Friday night aboard the
North German Lloyd liner Columbus.
NEW YORK, March B.—(U.P.) —

Dr. Otto Peltzer, German middle-dis
tance runner, was guest of honor to
night at a' banquet given by the
Knights of Columbus. Peltzer sails
for home Friday night aboard the
North German Lloyd liner Columbus.
NEW YORK, March B.—(U.P.) —

Dr. Otto Peltzer, German middle-dis
tance runner, was guest of honor to
night at a' banquet given by the
Knights of Columbus. Peltzer sails
for home Friday night aboard the
North German Lloyd liner Columbus.
NEW YORK, March B.—(U.P.) —

Dr. Otto Peltzer, German middle-dis
tance runner, was guest of honor to
night at a' banquet given by the
Knights of Columbus. Peltzer sails
for home Friday night aboard the
North German Lloyd liner Columbus.
NEW YORK, March B.—(U.P.) —

Dr. Otto Peltzer, German middle-dis
tance runner, was guest of honor to
night at a' banquet given by the
Knights of Columbus. Peltzer sails
for home Friday night aboard the
North German Lloyd liner Columbus.
NEW YORK, March B.—(U.P.) —

Dr. Otto Peltzer, German middle-dis
tance runner, was guest of honor to
night at a' banquet given by the
Knights of Columbus. Peltzer sails
for home Friday night aboard the
North German Lloyd liner Columbus.
NEW YORK, March B.—(U.P.) —

Dr. Otto Peltzer, German middle-dis
tance runner, was guest of honor to
night at a' banquet given by the
Knights of Columbus. Peltzer sails
for home Friday night aboard the
North German Lloyd liner Columbus.
NEW YORK, March B.—(U.P.) —

Dr. Otto Peltzer, German middle-dis
tance runner, was guest of honor to
night at a' banquet given by the
Knights of Columbus. Peltzer sails
for home Friday night aboard the
North German Lloyd liner Columbus.
