# Physician Will Lecture on Tuberculosis in Lane Hall
## 
### 
Dr. Frederick Ebcrson, San Francisco
physician, will deliver a popular medical
lecture on "Protection against Tubercu
losis," tonight at 8 o'clock in Lane Hall
of the Stanford Medical School in San
Francisco.
Dr. Ebcrson, a member of the Univcr- j
sity of California Medical School, is
physician-in-chief of the children's tuber
culosis department of the San Francisco
Hospital.
Dr. Frederick Ebcrson, San Francisco
physician, will deliver a popular medical
lecture on "Protection against Tubercu
losis," tonight at 8 o'clock in Lane Hall
of the Stanford Medical School in San
Francisco.
Dr. Ebcrson, a member of the Univcr- j
sity of California Medical School, is
physician-in-chief of the children's tuber
culosis department of the San Francisco
Hospital.
Dr. Frederick Ebcrson, San Francisco
physician, will deliver a popular medical
lecture on "Protection against Tubercu
losis," tonight at 8 o'clock in Lane Hall
of the Stanford Medical School in San
Francisco.
Dr. Ebcrson, a member of the Univcr- j
sity of California Medical School, is
physician-in-chief of the children's tuber
culosis department of the San Francisco
Hospital.
Dr. Frederick Ebcrson, San Francisco
physician, will deliver a popular medical
lecture on "Protection against Tubercu
losis," tonight at 8 o'clock in Lane Hall
of the Stanford Medical School in San
Francisco.
Dr. Ebcrson, a member of the Univcr- j
sity of California Medical School, is
physician-in-chief of the children's tuber
culosis department of the San Francisco
Hospital.
Dr. Frederick Ebcrson, San Francisco
physician, will deliver a popular medical
lecture on "Protection against Tubercu
losis," tonight at 8 o'clock in Lane Hall
of the Stanford Medical School in San
Francisco.
Dr. Ebcrson, a member of the Univcr- j
sity of California Medical School, is
physician-in-chief of the children's tuber
culosis department of the San Francisco
Hospital.
Dr. Frederick Ebcrson, San Francisco
physician, will deliver a popular medical
lecture on "Protection against Tubercu
losis," tonight at 8 o'clock in Lane Hall
of the Stanford Medical School in San
Francisco.
Dr. Ebcrson, a member of the Univcr- j
sity of California Medical School, is
physician-in-chief of the children's tuber
culosis department of the San Francisco
Hospital.
Dr. Frederick Ebcrson, San Francisco
physician, will deliver a popular medical
lecture on "Protection against Tubercu
losis," tonight at 8 o'clock in Lane Hall
of the Stanford Medical School in San
Francisco.
Dr. Ebcrson, a member of the Univcr- j
sity of California Medical School, is
physician-in-chief of the children's tuber
culosis department of the San Francisco
Hospital.
Dr. Frederick Ebcrson, San Francisco
physician, will deliver a popular medical
lecture on "Protection against Tubercu
losis," tonight at 8 o'clock in Lane Hall
of the Stanford Medical School in San
Francisco.
Dr. Ebcrson, a member of the Univcr- j
sity of California Medical School, is
physician-in-chief of the children's tuber
culosis department of the San Francisco
Hospital.
Dr. Frederick Ebcrson, San Francisco
physician, will deliver a popular medical
lecture on "Protection against Tubercu
losis," tonight at 8 o'clock in Lane Hall
of the Stanford Medical School in San
Francisco.
Dr. Ebcrson, a member of the Univcr- j
sity of California Medical School, is
physician-in-chief of the children's tuber
culosis department of the San Francisco
Hospital.
Dr. Frederick Ebcrson, San Francisco
physician, will deliver a popular medical
lecture on "Protection against Tubercu
losis," tonight at 8 o'clock in Lane Hall
of the Stanford Medical School in San
Francisco.
Dr. Ebcrson, a member of the Univcr- j
sity of California Medical School, is
physician-in-chief of the children's tuber
culosis department of the San Francisco
Hospital.
Dr. Frederick Ebcrson, San Francisco
physician, will deliver a popular medical
lecture on "Protection against Tubercu
losis," tonight at 8 o'clock in Lane Hall
of the Stanford Medical School in San
Francisco.
Dr. Ebcrson, a member of the Univcr- j
sity of California Medical School, is
physician-in-chief of the children's tuber
culosis department of the San Francisco
Hospital.
Dr. Frederick Ebcrson, San Francisco
physician, will deliver a popular medical
lecture on "Protection against Tubercu
losis," tonight at 8 o'clock in Lane Hall
of the Stanford Medical School in San
Francisco.
Dr. Ebcrson, a member of the Univcr- j
sity of California Medical School, is
physician-in-chief of the children's tuber
culosis department of the San Francisco
Hospital.
Dr. Frederick Ebcrson, San Francisco
physician, will deliver a popular medical
lecture on "Protection against Tubercu
losis," tonight at 8 o'clock in Lane Hall
of the Stanford Medical School in San
Francisco.
Dr. Ebcrson, a member of the Univcr- j
sity of California Medical School, is
physician-in-chief of the children's tuber
culosis department of the San Francisco
Hospital.
Dr. Frederick Ebcrson, San Francisco
physician, will deliver a popular medical
lecture on "Protection against Tubercu
losis," tonight at 8 o'clock in Lane Hall
of the Stanford Medical School in San
Francisco.
Dr. Ebcrson, a member of the Univcr- j
sity of California Medical School, is
physician-in-chief of the children's tuber
culosis department of the San Francisco
Hospital.
Dr. Frederick Ebcrson, San Francisco
physician, will deliver a popular medical
lecture on "Protection against Tubercu
losis," tonight at 8 o'clock in Lane Hall
of the Stanford Medical School in San
Francisco.
Dr. Ebcrson, a member of the Univcr- j
sity of California Medical School, is
physician-in-chief of the children's tuber
culosis department of the San Francisco
Hospital.
Dr. Frederick Ebcrson, San Francisco
physician, will deliver a popular medical
lecture on "Protection against Tubercu
losis," tonight at 8 o'clock in Lane Hall
of the Stanford Medical School in San
Francisco.
Dr. Ebcrson, a member of the Univcr- j
sity of California Medical School, is
physician-in-chief of the children's tuber
culosis department of the San Francisco
Hospital.
