# HOEDOWNERS' PROGRAM
## 
### 

PSEK-A-800 —Lucy Wilson and Gil Clark "go round that couple
(Dave Dennion and Ann Enderton) to take a little peek" in one
of the American square dances which the Hoedowners will dem
onstrate tonight in a program of folk and square dances for the
Tuesday Evening Series. * —Photo by Bill Eveland

PSEK-A-800 —Lucy Wilson and Gil Clark "go round that couple
(Dave Dennion and Ann Enderton) to take a little peek" in one
of the American square dances which the Hoedowners will dem
onstrate tonight in a program of folk and square dances for the
Tuesday Evening Series. * —Photo by Bill Eveland

PSEK-A-800 —Lucy Wilson and Gil Clark "go round that couple
(Dave Dennion and Ann Enderton) to take a little peek" in one
of the American square dances which the Hoedowners will dem
onstrate tonight in a program of folk and square dances for the
Tuesday Evening Series. * —Photo by Bill Eveland

PSEK-A-800 —Lucy Wilson and Gil Clark "go round that couple
(Dave Dennion and Ann Enderton) to take a little peek" in one
of the American square dances which the Hoedowners will dem
onstrate tonight in a program of folk and square dances for the
Tuesday Evening Series. * —Photo by Bill Eveland

PSEK-A-800 —Lucy Wilson and Gil Clark "go round that couple
(Dave Dennion and Ann Enderton) to take a little peek" in one
of the American square dances which the Hoedowners will dem
onstrate tonight in a program of folk and square dances for the
Tuesday Evening Series. * —Photo by Bill Eveland

PSEK-A-800 —Lucy Wilson and Gil Clark "go round that couple
(Dave Dennion and Ann Enderton) to take a little peek" in one
of the American square dances which the Hoedowners will dem
onstrate tonight in a program of folk and square dances for the
Tuesday Evening Series. * —Photo by Bill Eveland

PSEK-A-800 —Lucy Wilson and Gil Clark "go round that couple
(Dave Dennion and Ann Enderton) to take a little peek" in one
of the American square dances which the Hoedowners will dem
onstrate tonight in a program of folk and square dances for the
Tuesday Evening Series. * —Photo by Bill Eveland

PSEK-A-800 —Lucy Wilson and Gil Clark "go round that couple
(Dave Dennion and Ann Enderton) to take a little peek" in one
of the American square dances which the Hoedowners will dem
onstrate tonight in a program of folk and square dances for the
Tuesday Evening Series. * —Photo by Bill Eveland

PSEK-A-800 —Lucy Wilson and Gil Clark "go round that couple
(Dave Dennion and Ann Enderton) to take a little peek" in one
of the American square dances which the Hoedowners will dem
onstrate tonight in a program of folk and square dances for the
Tuesday Evening Series. * —Photo by Bill Eveland

PSEK-A-800 —Lucy Wilson and Gil Clark "go round that couple
(Dave Dennion and Ann Enderton) to take a little peek" in one
of the American square dances which the Hoedowners will dem
onstrate tonight in a program of folk and square dances for the
Tuesday Evening Series. * —Photo by Bill Eveland

PSEK-A-800 —Lucy Wilson and Gil Clark "go round that couple
(Dave Dennion and Ann Enderton) to take a little peek" in one
of the American square dances which the Hoedowners will dem
onstrate tonight in a program of folk and square dances for the
Tuesday Evening Series. * —Photo by Bill Eveland

PSEK-A-800 —Lucy Wilson and Gil Clark "go round that couple
(Dave Dennion and Ann Enderton) to take a little peek" in one
of the American square dances which the Hoedowners will dem
onstrate tonight in a program of folk and square dances for the
Tuesday Evening Series. * —Photo by Bill Eveland

PSEK-A-800 —Lucy Wilson and Gil Clark "go round that couple
(Dave Dennion and Ann Enderton) to take a little peek" in one
of the American square dances which the Hoedowners will dem
onstrate tonight in a program of folk and square dances for the
Tuesday Evening Series. * —Photo by Bill Eveland

PSEK-A-800 —Lucy Wilson and Gil Clark "go round that couple
(Dave Dennion and Ann Enderton) to take a little peek" in one
of the American square dances which the Hoedowners will dem
onstrate tonight in a program of folk and square dances for the
Tuesday Evening Series. * —Photo by Bill Eveland

PSEK-A-800 —Lucy Wilson and Gil Clark "go round that couple
(Dave Dennion and Ann Enderton) to take a little peek" in one
of the American square dances which the Hoedowners will dem
onstrate tonight in a program of folk and square dances for the
Tuesday Evening Series. * —Photo by Bill Eveland
