# VITAL STATISTICS
## 
### 
Mi", and Mrs. Dean Borba (ArHi
Graber) hrcamc the parents of a
seven-pound 12-ounce hoy la .t Sun
day af the Palo Alto Hospital.
Mi", and Mrs. Dean Borba (ArHi
Graber) hrcamc the parents of a
seven-pound 12-ounce hoy la .t Sun
day af the Palo Alto Hospital.
Mi", and Mrs. Dean Borba (ArHi
Graber) hrcamc the parents of a
seven-pound 12-ounce hoy la .t Sun
day af the Palo Alto Hospital.
Mi", and Mrs. Dean Borba (ArHi
Graber) hrcamc the parents of a
seven-pound 12-ounce hoy la .t Sun
day af the Palo Alto Hospital.
Mi", and Mrs. Dean Borba (ArHi
Graber) hrcamc the parents of a
seven-pound 12-ounce hoy la .t Sun
day af the Palo Alto Hospital.
Mi", and Mrs. Dean Borba (ArHi
Graber) hrcamc the parents of a
seven-pound 12-ounce hoy la .t Sun
day af the Palo Alto Hospital.
Mi", and Mrs. Dean Borba (ArHi
Graber) hrcamc the parents of a
seven-pound 12-ounce hoy la .t Sun
day af the Palo Alto Hospital.
Mi", and Mrs. Dean Borba (ArHi
Graber) hrcamc the parents of a
seven-pound 12-ounce hoy la .t Sun
day af the Palo Alto Hospital.
Mi", and Mrs. Dean Borba (ArHi
Graber) hrcamc the parents of a
seven-pound 12-ounce hoy la .t Sun
day af the Palo Alto Hospital.
Mi", and Mrs. Dean Borba (ArHi
Graber) hrcamc the parents of a
seven-pound 12-ounce hoy la .t Sun
day af the Palo Alto Hospital.
Mi", and Mrs. Dean Borba (ArHi
Graber) hrcamc the parents of a
seven-pound 12-ounce hoy la .t Sun
day af the Palo Alto Hospital.
Mi", and Mrs. Dean Borba (ArHi
Graber) hrcamc the parents of a
seven-pound 12-ounce hoy la .t Sun
day af the Palo Alto Hospital.
Mi", and Mrs. Dean Borba (ArHi
Graber) hrcamc the parents of a
seven-pound 12-ounce hoy la .t Sun
day af the Palo Alto Hospital.
Mi", and Mrs. Dean Borba (ArHi
Graber) hrcamc the parents of a
seven-pound 12-ounce hoy la .t Sun
day af the Palo Alto Hospital.
Mi", and Mrs. Dean Borba (ArHi
Graber) hrcamc the parents of a
seven-pound 12-ounce hoy la .t Sun
day af the Palo Alto Hospital.
