# All About U.S., Europe On Saturday
## 
### 
Over 200 students from California
colleges will gather at Asilomar
Saturday for the Student World Af
fairs Council's second annual week
end conference.
"Western Europe and the United
States: the Rally to Action" will be
the focal point of weekend discus
sions.
The student-organized conference
will draw representatives of all stu
dent interests, not only groups af
filiated with the SWAC. A fo»>ign
student panel and debate between
a Labor party member and a Con
servative from Great Britain are
scheduled on the two-day agenda.
Alexander Miller, professor of re
ligion, is among a cross-section of
speakers from academic and pro
fessional fields who will address the
students., Other speakers will in
clude Thomas Blaisdale, political
scientist from the University of
California; Norbert Einstein, eco
nomic consultant; and Louis Was
herman, San Francisco State profes
sor of philosophy.
Nine Stanford students, under Dr.
James Wat kins, are working on the
preparation of (he conference; over
20 others have registered to attend.
Students interested in attending
can contact the Sudcnt World Af
fairs Council, Box 1844, Stanford.
Over 200 students from California
colleges will gather at Asilomar
Saturday for the Student World Af
fairs Council's second annual week
end conference.
"Western Europe and the United
States: the Rally to Action" will be
the focal point of weekend discus
sions.
The student-organized conference
will draw representatives of all stu
dent interests, not only groups af
filiated with the SWAC. A fo»>ign
student panel and debate between
a Labor party member and a Con
servative from Great Britain are
scheduled on the two-day agenda.
Alexander Miller, professor of re
ligion, is among a cross-section of
speakers from academic and pro
fessional fields who will address the
students., Other speakers will in
clude Thomas Blaisdale, political
scientist from the University of
California; Norbert Einstein, eco
nomic consultant; and Louis Was
herman, San Francisco State profes
sor of philosophy.
Nine Stanford students, under Dr.
James Wat kins, are working on the
preparation of (he conference; over
20 others have registered to attend.
Students interested in attending
can contact the Sudcnt World Af
fairs Council, Box 1844, Stanford.
Over 200 students from California
colleges will gather at Asilomar
Saturday for the Student World Af
fairs Council's second annual week
end conference.
"Western Europe and the United
States: the Rally to Action" will be
the focal point of weekend discus
sions.
The student-organized conference
will draw representatives of all stu
dent interests, not only groups af
filiated with the SWAC. A fo»>ign
student panel and debate between
a Labor party member and a Con
servative from Great Britain are
scheduled on the two-day agenda.
Alexander Miller, professor of re
ligion, is among a cross-section of
speakers from academic and pro
fessional fields who will address the
students., Other speakers will in
clude Thomas Blaisdale, political
scientist from the University of
California; Norbert Einstein, eco
nomic consultant; and Louis Was
herman, San Francisco State profes
sor of philosophy.
Nine Stanford students, under Dr.
James Wat kins, are working on the
preparation of (he conference; over
20 others have registered to attend.
Students interested in attending
can contact the Sudcnt World Af
fairs Council, Box 1844, Stanford.
Over 200 students from California
colleges will gather at Asilomar
Saturday for the Student World Af
fairs Council's second annual week
end conference.
"Western Europe and the United
States: the Rally to Action" will be
the focal point of weekend discus
sions.
The student-organized conference
will draw representatives of all stu
dent interests, not only groups af
filiated with the SWAC. A fo»>ign
student panel and debate between
a Labor party member and a Con
servative from Great Britain are
scheduled on the two-day agenda.
Alexander Miller, professor of re
ligion, is among a cross-section of
speakers from academic and pro
fessional fields who will address the
students., Other speakers will in
clude Thomas Blaisdale, political
scientist from the University of
California; Norbert Einstein, eco
nomic consultant; and Louis Was
herman, San Francisco State profes
sor of philosophy.
Nine Stanford students, under Dr.
James Wat kins, are working on the
preparation of (he conference; over
20 others have registered to attend.
Students interested in attending
can contact the Sudcnt World Af
fairs Council, Box 1844, Stanford.
Over 200 students from California
colleges will gather at Asilomar
Saturday for the Student World Af
fairs Council's second annual week
end conference.
"Western Europe and the United
States: the Rally to Action" will be
the focal point of weekend discus
sions.
The student-organized conference
will draw representatives of all stu
dent interests, not only groups af
filiated with the SWAC. A fo»>ign
student panel and debate between
a Labor party member and a Con
servative from Great Britain are
scheduled on the two-day agenda.
Alexander Miller, professor of re
ligion, is among a cross-section of
speakers from academic and pro
fessional fields who will address the
students., Other speakers will in
clude Thomas Blaisdale, political
scientist from the University of
California; Norbert Einstein, eco
nomic consultant; and Louis Was
herman, San Francisco State profes
sor of philosophy.
Nine Stanford students, under Dr.
James Wat kins, are working on the
preparation of (he conference; over
20 others have registered to attend.
Students interested in attending
can contact the Sudcnt World Af
fairs Council, Box 1844, Stanford.
Over 200 students from California
colleges will gather at Asilomar
Saturday for the Student World Af
fairs Council's second annual week
end conference.
"Western Europe and the United
States: the Rally to Action" will be
the focal point of weekend discus
sions.
The student-organized conference
will draw representatives of all stu
dent interests, not only groups af
filiated with the SWAC. A fo»>ign
student panel and debate between
a Labor party member and a Con
servative from Great Britain are
scheduled on the two-day agenda.
Alexander Miller, professor of re
ligion, is among a cross-section of
speakers from academic and pro
fessional fields who will address the
students., Other speakers will in
clude Thomas Blaisdale, political
scientist from the University of
California; Norbert Einstein, eco
nomic consultant; and Louis Was
herman, San Francisco State profes
sor of philosophy.
Nine Stanford students, under Dr.
James Wat kins, are working on the
preparation of (he conference; over
20 others have registered to attend.
Students interested in attending
can contact the Sudcnt World Af
fairs Council, Box 1844, Stanford.
Over 200 students from California
colleges will gather at Asilomar
Saturday for the Student World Af
fairs Council's second annual week
end conference.
"Western Europe and the United
States: the Rally to Action" will be
the focal point of weekend discus
sions.
The student-organized conference
will draw representatives of all stu
dent interests, not only groups af
filiated with the SWAC. A fo»>ign
student panel and debate between
a Labor party member and a Con
servative from Great Britain are
scheduled on the two-day agenda.
Alexander Miller, professor of re
ligion, is among a cross-section of
speakers from academic and pro
fessional fields who will address the
students., Other speakers will in
clude Thomas Blaisdale, political
scientist from the University of
California; Norbert Einstein, eco
nomic consultant; and Louis Was
herman, San Francisco State profes
sor of philosophy.
Nine Stanford students, under Dr.
James Wat kins, are working on the
preparation of (he conference; over
20 others have registered to attend.
Students interested in attending
can contact the Sudcnt World Af
fairs Council, Box 1844, Stanford.
Over 200 students from California
colleges will gather at Asilomar
Saturday for the Student World Af
fairs Council's second annual week
end conference.
"Western Europe and the United
States: the Rally to Action" will be
the focal point of weekend discus
sions.
The student-organized conference
will draw representatives of all stu
dent interests, not only groups af
filiated with the SWAC. A fo»>ign
student panel and debate between
a Labor party member and a Con
servative from Great Britain are
scheduled on the two-day agenda.
Alexander Miller, professor of re
ligion, is among a cross-section of
speakers from academic and pro
fessional fields who will address the
students., Other speakers will in
clude Thomas Blaisdale, political
scientist from the University of
California; Norbert Einstein, eco
nomic consultant; and Louis Was
herman, San Francisco State profes
sor of philosophy.
Nine Stanford students, under Dr.
James Wat kins, are working on the
preparation of (he conference; over
20 others have registered to attend.
Students interested in attending
can contact the Sudcnt World Af
fairs Council, Box 1844, Stanford.
Over 200 students from California
colleges will gather at Asilomar
Saturday for the Student World Af
fairs Council's second annual week
end conference.
"Western Europe and the United
States: the Rally to Action" will be
the focal point of weekend discus
sions.
The student-organized conference
will draw representatives of all stu
dent interests, not only groups af
filiated with the SWAC. A fo»>ign
student panel and debate between
a Labor party member and a Con
servative from Great Britain are
scheduled on the two-day agenda.
Alexander Miller, professor of re
ligion, is among a cross-section of
speakers from academic and pro
fessional fields who will address the
students., Other speakers will in
clude Thomas Blaisdale, political
scientist from the University of
California; Norbert Einstein, eco
nomic consultant; and Louis Was
herman, San Francisco State profes
sor of philosophy.
Nine Stanford students, under Dr.
James Wat kins, are working on the
preparation of (he conference; over
20 others have registered to attend.
Students interested in attending
can contact the Sudcnt World Af
fairs Council, Box 1844, Stanford.
Over 200 students from California
colleges will gather at Asilomar
Saturday for the Student World Af
fairs Council's second annual week
end conference.
"Western Europe and the United
States: the Rally to Action" will be
the focal point of weekend discus
sions.
The student-organized conference
will draw representatives of all stu
dent interests, not only groups af
filiated with the SWAC. A fo»>ign
student panel and debate between
a Labor party member and a Con
servative from Great Britain are
scheduled on the two-day agenda.
Alexander Miller, professor of re
ligion, is among a cross-section of
speakers from academic and pro
fessional fields who will address the
students., Other speakers will in
clude Thomas Blaisdale, political
scientist from the University of
California; Norbert Einstein, eco
nomic consultant; and Louis Was
herman, San Francisco State profes
sor of philosophy.
Nine Stanford students, under Dr.
James Wat kins, are working on the
preparation of (he conference; over
20 others have registered to attend.
Students interested in attending
can contact the Sudcnt World Af
fairs Council, Box 1844, Stanford.
Over 200 students from California
colleges will gather at Asilomar
Saturday for the Student World Af
fairs Council's second annual week
end conference.
"Western Europe and the United
States: the Rally to Action" will be
the focal point of weekend discus
sions.
The student-organized conference
will draw representatives of all stu
dent interests, not only groups af
filiated with the SWAC. A fo»>ign
student panel and debate between
a Labor party member and a Con
servative from Great Britain are
scheduled on the two-day agenda.
Alexander Miller, professor of re
ligion, is among a cross-section of
speakers from academic and pro
fessional fields who will address the
students., Other speakers will in
clude Thomas Blaisdale, political
scientist from the University of
California; Norbert Einstein, eco
nomic consultant; and Louis Was
herman, San Francisco State profes
sor of philosophy.
Nine Stanford students, under Dr.
James Wat kins, are working on the
preparation of (he conference; over
20 others have registered to attend.
Students interested in attending
can contact the Sudcnt World Af
fairs Council, Box 1844, Stanford.
Over 200 students from California
colleges will gather at Asilomar
Saturday for the Student World Af
fairs Council's second annual week
end conference.
"Western Europe and the United
States: the Rally to Action" will be
the focal point of weekend discus
sions.
The student-organized conference
will draw representatives of all stu
dent interests, not only groups af
filiated with the SWAC. A fo»>ign
student panel and debate between
a Labor party member and a Con
servative from Great Britain are
scheduled on the two-day agenda.
Alexander Miller, professor of re
ligion, is among a cross-section of
speakers from academic and pro
fessional fields who will address the
students., Other speakers will in
clude Thomas Blaisdale, political
scientist from the University of
California; Norbert Einstein, eco
nomic consultant; and Louis Was
herman, San Francisco State profes
sor of philosophy.
Nine Stanford students, under Dr.
James Wat kins, are working on the
preparation of (he conference; over
20 others have registered to attend.
Students interested in attending
can contact the Sudcnt World Af
fairs Council, Box 1844, Stanford.
Over 200 students from California
colleges will gather at Asilomar
Saturday for the Student World Af
fairs Council's second annual week
end conference.
"Western Europe and the United
States: the Rally to Action" will be
the focal point of weekend discus
sions.
The student-organized conference
will draw representatives of all stu
dent interests, not only groups af
filiated with the SWAC. A fo»>ign
student panel and debate between
a Labor party member and a Con
servative from Great Britain are
scheduled on the two-day agenda.
Alexander Miller, professor of re
ligion, is among a cross-section of
speakers from academic and pro
fessional fields who will address the
students., Other speakers will in
clude Thomas Blaisdale, political
scientist from the University of
California; Norbert Einstein, eco
nomic consultant; and Louis Was
herman, San Francisco State profes
sor of philosophy.
Nine Stanford students, under Dr.
James Wat kins, are working on the
preparation of (he conference; over
20 others have registered to attend.
Students interested in attending
can contact the Sudcnt World Af
fairs Council, Box 1844, Stanford.
Over 200 students from California
colleges will gather at Asilomar
Saturday for the Student World Af
fairs Council's second annual week
end conference.
"Western Europe and the United
States: the Rally to Action" will be
the focal point of weekend discus
sions.
The student-organized conference
will draw representatives of all stu
dent interests, not only groups af
filiated with the SWAC. A fo»>ign
student panel and debate between
a Labor party member and a Con
servative from Great Britain are
scheduled on the two-day agenda.
Alexander Miller, professor of re
ligion, is among a cross-section of
speakers from academic and pro
fessional fields who will address the
students., Other speakers will in
clude Thomas Blaisdale, political
scientist from the University of
California; Norbert Einstein, eco
nomic consultant; and Louis Was
herman, San Francisco State profes
sor of philosophy.
Nine Stanford students, under Dr.
James Wat kins, are working on the
preparation of (he conference; over
20 others have registered to attend.
Students interested in attending
can contact the Sudcnt World Af
fairs Council, Box 1844, Stanford.
Over 200 students from California
colleges will gather at Asilomar
Saturday for the Student World Af
fairs Council's second annual week
end conference.
"Western Europe and the United
States: the Rally to Action" will be
the focal point of weekend discus
sions.
The student-organized conference
will draw representatives of all stu
dent interests, not only groups af
filiated with the SWAC. A fo»>ign
student panel and debate between
a Labor party member and a Con
servative from Great Britain are
scheduled on the two-day agenda.
Alexander Miller, professor of re
ligion, is among a cross-section of
speakers from academic and pro
fessional fields who will address the
students., Other speakers will in
clude Thomas Blaisdale, political
scientist from the University of
California; Norbert Einstein, eco
nomic consultant; and Louis Was
herman, San Francisco State profes
sor of philosophy.
Nine Stanford students, under Dr.
James Wat kins, are working on the
preparation of (he conference; over
20 others have registered to attend.
Students interested in attending
can contact the Sudcnt World Af
fairs Council, Box 1844, Stanford.
