# Garland to Marry Los Angeles Girl.
## 
### 
Announcement has been made of the
engagement of Grover Garland, ex-' 12
of Los Angeles, to Miss Marie Stock
ard, of that city. Garland is a member
of Sigma Nil.
Announcement has been made of the
engagement of Grover Garland, ex-' 12
of Los Angeles, to Miss Marie Stock
ard, of that city. Garland is a member
of Sigma Nil.
Announcement has been made of the
engagement of Grover Garland, ex-' 12
of Los Angeles, to Miss Marie Stock
ard, of that city. Garland is a member
of Sigma Nil.
Announcement has been made of the
engagement of Grover Garland, ex-' 12
of Los Angeles, to Miss Marie Stock
ard, of that city. Garland is a member
of Sigma Nil.
Announcement has been made of the
engagement of Grover Garland, ex-' 12
of Los Angeles, to Miss Marie Stock
ard, of that city. Garland is a member
of Sigma Nil.
Announcement has been made of the
engagement of Grover Garland, ex-' 12
of Los Angeles, to Miss Marie Stock
ard, of that city. Garland is a member
of Sigma Nil.
Announcement has been made of the
engagement of Grover Garland, ex-' 12
of Los Angeles, to Miss Marie Stock
ard, of that city. Garland is a member
of Sigma Nil.
Announcement has been made of the
engagement of Grover Garland, ex-' 12
of Los Angeles, to Miss Marie Stock
ard, of that city. Garland is a member
of Sigma Nil.
Announcement has been made of the
engagement of Grover Garland, ex-' 12
of Los Angeles, to Miss Marie Stock
ard, of that city. Garland is a member
of Sigma Nil.
Announcement has been made of the
engagement of Grover Garland, ex-' 12
of Los Angeles, to Miss Marie Stock
ard, of that city. Garland is a member
of Sigma Nil.
Announcement has been made of the
engagement of Grover Garland, ex-' 12
of Los Angeles, to Miss Marie Stock
ard, of that city. Garland is a member
of Sigma Nil.
Announcement has been made of the
engagement of Grover Garland, ex-' 12
of Los Angeles, to Miss Marie Stock
ard, of that city. Garland is a member
of Sigma Nil.
