# Thanksgiving Excursion.
## 
### 
An error occurred in the article
yesterday regarding the excursion
ticket for the Thanksgiving game.
The $1 tickets are good going only
on the special train leaving the
campus at 8:30 a.m., and returning
on any train up to Friday noon.
The $1.30 tickets are good on any
train going on Thursday and re
turning up to Monday inclusive.
Tickets will be on sale at the post
office on Tuesday and Wednesday
afternoons.
An error occurred in the article
yesterday regarding the excursion
ticket for the Thanksgiving game.
The $1 tickets are good going only
on the special train leaving the
campus at 8:30 a.m., and returning
on any train up to Friday noon.
The $1.30 tickets are good on any
train going on Thursday and re
turning up to Monday inclusive.
Tickets will be on sale at the post
office on Tuesday and Wednesday
afternoons.
An error occurred in the article
yesterday regarding the excursion
ticket for the Thanksgiving game.
The $1 tickets are good going only
on the special train leaving the
campus at 8:30 a.m., and returning
on any train up to Friday noon.
The $1.30 tickets are good on any
train going on Thursday and re
turning up to Monday inclusive.
Tickets will be on sale at the post
office on Tuesday and Wednesday
afternoons.
An error occurred in the article
yesterday regarding the excursion
ticket for the Thanksgiving game.
The $1 tickets are good going only
on the special train leaving the
campus at 8:30 a.m., and returning
on any train up to Friday noon.
The $1.30 tickets are good on any
train going on Thursday and re
turning up to Monday inclusive.
Tickets will be on sale at the post
office on Tuesday and Wednesday
afternoons.
An error occurred in the article
yesterday regarding the excursion
ticket for the Thanksgiving game.
The $1 tickets are good going only
on the special train leaving the
campus at 8:30 a.m., and returning
on any train up to Friday noon.
The $1.30 tickets are good on any
train going on Thursday and re
turning up to Monday inclusive.
Tickets will be on sale at the post
office on Tuesday and Wednesday
afternoons.
