# Weekend Dances Combine Clouds, Notes, Waltzes In Saturday Night Gaieties
## 
### 
Waltzing on clouds surrounded by
colorful musical notes to popular
waltzes will be part of the gay set
ting of "Our Waltz" the last Ven
tura-Branncr-Roblc formal, one of
the four weekend dances, which will
begin at 9 in the women's gym to
the music of Art Wcidner.
Miss Renee Cohu, general chair
man, wishes to emphasize the fact
that because the curfew has been
lifted, the dance will be from 9 to
1, instead of 8:30 to 12. Women un
able to purchase ticekts through
representatives in the three fresh
man halls will be able to get them
at the ASSU office tomorrow morn
ing, or tomorrow night at Roble
desk. No tickets will be sold at the
door of the gym.
The bids and refreshments are all
in keeping with the waltz motif of
the dance. Punch and small cakes
decorated with musical notes will
be served.
Waltzing on clouds surrounded by
colorful musical notes to popular
waltzes will be part of the gay set
ting of "Our Waltz" the last Ven
tura-Branncr-Roblc formal, one of
the four weekend dances, which will
begin at 9 in the women's gym to
the music of Art Wcidner.
Miss Renee Cohu, general chair
man, wishes to emphasize the fact
that because the curfew has been
lifted, the dance will be from 9 to
1, instead of 8:30 to 12. Women un
able to purchase ticekts through
representatives in the three fresh
man halls will be able to get them
at the ASSU office tomorrow morn
ing, or tomorrow night at Roble
desk. No tickets will be sold at the
door of the gym.
The bids and refreshments are all
in keeping with the waltz motif of
the dance. Punch and small cakes
decorated with musical notes will
be served.
Waltzing on clouds surrounded by
colorful musical notes to popular
waltzes will be part of the gay set
ting of "Our Waltz" the last Ven
tura-Branncr-Roblc formal, one of
the four weekend dances, which will
begin at 9 in the women's gym to
the music of Art Wcidner.
Miss Renee Cohu, general chair
man, wishes to emphasize the fact
that because the curfew has been
lifted, the dance will be from 9 to
1, instead of 8:30 to 12. Women un
able to purchase ticekts through
representatives in the three fresh
man halls will be able to get them
at the ASSU office tomorrow morn
ing, or tomorrow night at Roble
desk. No tickets will be sold at the
door of the gym.
The bids and refreshments are all
in keeping with the waltz motif of
the dance. Punch and small cakes
decorated with musical notes will
be served.
Waltzing on clouds surrounded by
colorful musical notes to popular
waltzes will be part of the gay set
ting of "Our Waltz" the last Ven
tura-Branncr-Roblc formal, one of
the four weekend dances, which will
begin at 9 in the women's gym to
the music of Art Wcidner.
Miss Renee Cohu, general chair
man, wishes to emphasize the fact
that because the curfew has been
lifted, the dance will be from 9 to
1, instead of 8:30 to 12. Women un
able to purchase ticekts through
representatives in the three fresh
man halls will be able to get them
at the ASSU office tomorrow morn
ing, or tomorrow night at Roble
desk. No tickets will be sold at the
door of the gym.
The bids and refreshments are all
in keeping with the waltz motif of
the dance. Punch and small cakes
decorated with musical notes will
be served.
Waltzing on clouds surrounded by
colorful musical notes to popular
waltzes will be part of the gay set
ting of "Our Waltz" the last Ven
tura-Branncr-Roblc formal, one of
the four weekend dances, which will
begin at 9 in the women's gym to
the music of Art Wcidner.
Miss Renee Cohu, general chair
man, wishes to emphasize the fact
that because the curfew has been
lifted, the dance will be from 9 to
1, instead of 8:30 to 12. Women un
able to purchase ticekts through
representatives in the three fresh
man halls will be able to get them
at the ASSU office tomorrow morn
ing, or tomorrow night at Roble
desk. No tickets will be sold at the
door of the gym.
The bids and refreshments are all
in keeping with the waltz motif of
the dance. Punch and small cakes
decorated with musical notes will
be served.
Waltzing on clouds surrounded by
colorful musical notes to popular
waltzes will be part of the gay set
ting of "Our Waltz" the last Ven
tura-Branncr-Roblc formal, one of
the four weekend dances, which will
begin at 9 in the women's gym to
the music of Art Wcidner.
Miss Renee Cohu, general chair
man, wishes to emphasize the fact
that because the curfew has been
lifted, the dance will be from 9 to
1, instead of 8:30 to 12. Women un
able to purchase ticekts through
representatives in the three fresh
man halls will be able to get them
at the ASSU office tomorrow morn
ing, or tomorrow night at Roble
desk. No tickets will be sold at the
door of the gym.
The bids and refreshments are all
in keeping with the waltz motif of
the dance. Punch and small cakes
decorated with musical notes will
be served.
Waltzing on clouds surrounded by
colorful musical notes to popular
waltzes will be part of the gay set
ting of "Our Waltz" the last Ven
tura-Branncr-Roblc formal, one of
the four weekend dances, which will
begin at 9 in the women's gym to
the music of Art Wcidner.
Miss Renee Cohu, general chair
man, wishes to emphasize the fact
that because the curfew has been
lifted, the dance will be from 9 to
1, instead of 8:30 to 12. Women un
able to purchase ticekts through
representatives in the three fresh
man halls will be able to get them
at the ASSU office tomorrow morn
ing, or tomorrow night at Roble
desk. No tickets will be sold at the
door of the gym.
The bids and refreshments are all
in keeping with the waltz motif of
the dance. Punch and small cakes
decorated with musical notes will
be served.
Waltzing on clouds surrounded by
colorful musical notes to popular
waltzes will be part of the gay set
ting of "Our Waltz" the last Ven
tura-Branncr-Roblc formal, one of
the four weekend dances, which will
begin at 9 in the women's gym to
the music of Art Wcidner.
Miss Renee Cohu, general chair
man, wishes to emphasize the fact
that because the curfew has been
lifted, the dance will be from 9 to
1, instead of 8:30 to 12. Women un
able to purchase ticekts through
representatives in the three fresh
man halls will be able to get them
at the ASSU office tomorrow morn
ing, or tomorrow night at Roble
desk. No tickets will be sold at the
door of the gym.
The bids and refreshments are all
in keeping with the waltz motif of
the dance. Punch and small cakes
decorated with musical notes will
be served.
Waltzing on clouds surrounded by
colorful musical notes to popular
waltzes will be part of the gay set
ting of "Our Waltz" the last Ven
tura-Branncr-Roblc formal, one of
the four weekend dances, which will
begin at 9 in the women's gym to
the music of Art Wcidner.
Miss Renee Cohu, general chair
man, wishes to emphasize the fact
that because the curfew has been
lifted, the dance will be from 9 to
1, instead of 8:30 to 12. Women un
able to purchase ticekts through
representatives in the three fresh
man halls will be able to get them
at the ASSU office tomorrow morn
ing, or tomorrow night at Roble
desk. No tickets will be sold at the
door of the gym.
The bids and refreshments are all
in keeping with the waltz motif of
the dance. Punch and small cakes
decorated with musical notes will
be served.
Waltzing on clouds surrounded by
colorful musical notes to popular
waltzes will be part of the gay set
ting of "Our Waltz" the last Ven
tura-Branncr-Roblc formal, one of
the four weekend dances, which will
begin at 9 in the women's gym to
the music of Art Wcidner.
Miss Renee Cohu, general chair
man, wishes to emphasize the fact
that because the curfew has been
lifted, the dance will be from 9 to
1, instead of 8:30 to 12. Women un
able to purchase ticekts through
representatives in the three fresh
man halls will be able to get them
at the ASSU office tomorrow morn
ing, or tomorrow night at Roble
desk. No tickets will be sold at the
door of the gym.
The bids and refreshments are all
in keeping with the waltz motif of
the dance. Punch and small cakes
decorated with musical notes will
be served.
Waltzing on clouds surrounded by
colorful musical notes to popular
waltzes will be part of the gay set
ting of "Our Waltz" the last Ven
tura-Branncr-Roblc formal, one of
the four weekend dances, which will
begin at 9 in the women's gym to
the music of Art Wcidner.
Miss Renee Cohu, general chair
man, wishes to emphasize the fact
that because the curfew has been
lifted, the dance will be from 9 to
1, instead of 8:30 to 12. Women un
able to purchase ticekts through
representatives in the three fresh
man halls will be able to get them
at the ASSU office tomorrow morn
ing, or tomorrow night at Roble
desk. No tickets will be sold at the
door of the gym.
The bids and refreshments are all
in keeping with the waltz motif of
the dance. Punch and small cakes
decorated with musical notes will
be served.
Waltzing on clouds surrounded by
colorful musical notes to popular
waltzes will be part of the gay set
ting of "Our Waltz" the last Ven
tura-Branncr-Roblc formal, one of
the four weekend dances, which will
begin at 9 in the women's gym to
the music of Art Wcidner.
Miss Renee Cohu, general chair
man, wishes to emphasize the fact
that because the curfew has been
lifted, the dance will be from 9 to
1, instead of 8:30 to 12. Women un
able to purchase ticekts through
representatives in the three fresh
man halls will be able to get them
at the ASSU office tomorrow morn
ing, or tomorrow night at Roble
desk. No tickets will be sold at the
door of the gym.
The bids and refreshments are all
in keeping with the waltz motif of
the dance. Punch and small cakes
decorated with musical notes will
be served.
Waltzing on clouds surrounded by
colorful musical notes to popular
waltzes will be part of the gay set
ting of "Our Waltz" the last Ven
tura-Branncr-Roblc formal, one of
the four weekend dances, which will
begin at 9 in the women's gym to
the music of Art Wcidner.
Miss Renee Cohu, general chair
man, wishes to emphasize the fact
that because the curfew has been
lifted, the dance will be from 9 to
1, instead of 8:30 to 12. Women un
able to purchase ticekts through
representatives in the three fresh
man halls will be able to get them
at the ASSU office tomorrow morn
ing, or tomorrow night at Roble
desk. No tickets will be sold at the
door of the gym.
The bids and refreshments are all
in keeping with the waltz motif of
the dance. Punch and small cakes
decorated with musical notes will
be served.
Waltzing on clouds surrounded by
colorful musical notes to popular
waltzes will be part of the gay set
ting of "Our Waltz" the last Ven
tura-Branncr-Roblc formal, one of
the four weekend dances, which will
begin at 9 in the women's gym to
the music of Art Wcidner.
Miss Renee Cohu, general chair
man, wishes to emphasize the fact
that because the curfew has been
lifted, the dance will be from 9 to
1, instead of 8:30 to 12. Women un
able to purchase ticekts through
representatives in the three fresh
man halls will be able to get them
at the ASSU office tomorrow morn
ing, or tomorrow night at Roble
desk. No tickets will be sold at the
door of the gym.
The bids and refreshments are all
in keeping with the waltz motif of
the dance. Punch and small cakes
decorated with musical notes will
be served.
Waltzing on clouds surrounded by
colorful musical notes to popular
waltzes will be part of the gay set
ting of "Our Waltz" the last Ven
tura-Branncr-Roblc formal, one of
the four weekend dances, which will
begin at 9 in the women's gym to
the music of Art Wcidner.
Miss Renee Cohu, general chair
man, wishes to emphasize the fact
that because the curfew has been
lifted, the dance will be from 9 to
1, instead of 8:30 to 12. Women un
able to purchase ticekts through
representatives in the three fresh
man halls will be able to get them
at the ASSU office tomorrow morn
ing, or tomorrow night at Roble
desk. No tickets will be sold at the
door of the gym.
The bids and refreshments are all
in keeping with the waltz motif of
the dance. Punch and small cakes
decorated with musical notes will
be served.
