# Marines in Naha, Okinawa's Capital
## 
### 
GUAM, Friday, May 18 (UP).—
American Marines won a bridge
head in Okinawa's capital city of
Naha Thursday and were pushing
through streets strewn with Japa
nese dead while U.S. soldiers and
tanks bent back the eastern side of
the enemy's Shuri defense line.
Elements of the Sixth Marine Di
vision poured across the Asato Riv
er into Naha yesterday morning.
GUAM, Friday, May 18 (UP).—
American Marines won a bridge
head in Okinawa's capital city of
Naha Thursday and were pushing
through streets strewn with Japa
nese dead while U.S. soldiers and
tanks bent back the eastern side of
the enemy's Shuri defense line.
Elements of the Sixth Marine Di
vision poured across the Asato Riv
er into Naha yesterday morning.
GUAM, Friday, May 18 (UP).—
American Marines won a bridge
head in Okinawa's capital city of
Naha Thursday and were pushing
through streets strewn with Japa
nese dead while U.S. soldiers and
tanks bent back the eastern side of
the enemy's Shuri defense line.
Elements of the Sixth Marine Di
vision poured across the Asato Riv
er into Naha yesterday morning.
GUAM, Friday, May 18 (UP).—
American Marines won a bridge
head in Okinawa's capital city of
Naha Thursday and were pushing
through streets strewn with Japa
nese dead while U.S. soldiers and
tanks bent back the eastern side of
the enemy's Shuri defense line.
Elements of the Sixth Marine Di
vision poured across the Asato Riv
er into Naha yesterday morning.
GUAM, Friday, May 18 (UP).—
American Marines won a bridge
head in Okinawa's capital city of
Naha Thursday and were pushing
through streets strewn with Japa
nese dead while U.S. soldiers and
tanks bent back the eastern side of
the enemy's Shuri defense line.
Elements of the Sixth Marine Di
vision poured across the Asato Riv
er into Naha yesterday morning.
GUAM, Friday, May 18 (UP).—
American Marines won a bridge
head in Okinawa's capital city of
Naha Thursday and were pushing
through streets strewn with Japa
nese dead while U.S. soldiers and
tanks bent back the eastern side of
the enemy's Shuri defense line.
Elements of the Sixth Marine Di
vision poured across the Asato Riv
er into Naha yesterday morning.
GUAM, Friday, May 18 (UP).—
American Marines won a bridge
head in Okinawa's capital city of
Naha Thursday and were pushing
through streets strewn with Japa
nese dead while U.S. soldiers and
tanks bent back the eastern side of
the enemy's Shuri defense line.
Elements of the Sixth Marine Di
vision poured across the Asato Riv
er into Naha yesterday morning.
GUAM, Friday, May 18 (UP).—
American Marines won a bridge
head in Okinawa's capital city of
Naha Thursday and were pushing
through streets strewn with Japa
nese dead while U.S. soldiers and
tanks bent back the eastern side of
the enemy's Shuri defense line.
Elements of the Sixth Marine Di
vision poured across the Asato Riv
er into Naha yesterday morning.
GUAM, Friday, May 18 (UP).—
American Marines won a bridge
head in Okinawa's capital city of
Naha Thursday and were pushing
through streets strewn with Japa
nese dead while U.S. soldiers and
tanks bent back the eastern side of
the enemy's Shuri defense line.
Elements of the Sixth Marine Di
vision poured across the Asato Riv
er into Naha yesterday morning.
GUAM, Friday, May 18 (UP).—
American Marines won a bridge
head in Okinawa's capital city of
Naha Thursday and were pushing
through streets strewn with Japa
nese dead while U.S. soldiers and
tanks bent back the eastern side of
the enemy's Shuri defense line.
Elements of the Sixth Marine Di
vision poured across the Asato Riv
er into Naha yesterday morning.
GUAM, Friday, May 18 (UP).—
American Marines won a bridge
head in Okinawa's capital city of
Naha Thursday and were pushing
through streets strewn with Japa
nese dead while U.S. soldiers and
tanks bent back the eastern side of
the enemy's Shuri defense line.
Elements of the Sixth Marine Di
vision poured across the Asato Riv
er into Naha yesterday morning.
GUAM, Friday, May 18 (UP).—
American Marines won a bridge
head in Okinawa's capital city of
Naha Thursday and were pushing
through streets strewn with Japa
nese dead while U.S. soldiers and
tanks bent back the eastern side of
the enemy's Shuri defense line.
Elements of the Sixth Marine Di
vision poured across the Asato Riv
er into Naha yesterday morning.
GUAM, Friday, May 18 (UP).—
American Marines won a bridge
head in Okinawa's capital city of
Naha Thursday and were pushing
through streets strewn with Japa
nese dead while U.S. soldiers and
tanks bent back the eastern side of
the enemy's Shuri defense line.
Elements of the Sixth Marine Di
vision poured across the Asato Riv
er into Naha yesterday morning.
GUAM, Friday, May 18 (UP).—
American Marines won a bridge
head in Okinawa's capital city of
Naha Thursday and were pushing
through streets strewn with Japa
nese dead while U.S. soldiers and
tanks bent back the eastern side of
the enemy's Shuri defense line.
Elements of the Sixth Marine Di
vision poured across the Asato Riv
er into Naha yesterday morning.
GUAM, Friday, May 18 (UP).—
American Marines won a bridge
head in Okinawa's capital city of
Naha Thursday and were pushing
through streets strewn with Japa
nese dead while U.S. soldiers and
tanks bent back the eastern side of
the enemy's Shuri defense line.
Elements of the Sixth Marine Di
vision poured across the Asato Riv
er into Naha yesterday morning.
