# New Sponsors Are Announced
## 
### 
Seventeen sponsors for next au
tumn quarter in freshman women's
halls were announced last night by
Eleanor Marks, vice-president of
Women's Conference, for sponsor
choosing committee.
Kathrene J. Supple, senior from
Palo Alto, will be the new presi
dent. of Boble Hall, with Margaret
Miller assisting her as head spon
sor, and Mildred Edwards as vice
president.
Mary Jane Bull, Alice Lovett,
Nancy Pennycook, Barbara Beards
lee, Maxine Arnold, Eunice Erb,
Terry Zieglcr, Marie Wagner, and
Barbara Brook will be the other
nine Roble sponsors.
Fran Jennings will assume the
duties of president and head spon
sor of Casa Ventura in the fall,
and Carol Kellogg will became vice
president. Sponsors in Ventura will
be Jean Gait, Marjorie Dwyer, and
Betty Da vies.
Seventeen sponsors for next au
tumn quarter in freshman women's
halls were announced last night by
Eleanor Marks, vice-president of
Women's Conference, for sponsor
choosing committee.
Kathrene J. Supple, senior from
Palo Alto, will be the new presi
dent. of Boble Hall, with Margaret
Miller assisting her as head spon
sor, and Mildred Edwards as vice
president.
Mary Jane Bull, Alice Lovett,
Nancy Pennycook, Barbara Beards
lee, Maxine Arnold, Eunice Erb,
Terry Zieglcr, Marie Wagner, and
Barbara Brook will be the other
nine Roble sponsors.
Fran Jennings will assume the
duties of president and head spon
sor of Casa Ventura in the fall,
and Carol Kellogg will became vice
president. Sponsors in Ventura will
be Jean Gait, Marjorie Dwyer, and
Betty Da vies.
Seventeen sponsors for next au
tumn quarter in freshman women's
halls were announced last night by
Eleanor Marks, vice-president of
Women's Conference, for sponsor
choosing committee.
Kathrene J. Supple, senior from
Palo Alto, will be the new presi
dent. of Boble Hall, with Margaret
Miller assisting her as head spon
sor, and Mildred Edwards as vice
president.
Mary Jane Bull, Alice Lovett,
Nancy Pennycook, Barbara Beards
lee, Maxine Arnold, Eunice Erb,
Terry Zieglcr, Marie Wagner, and
Barbara Brook will be the other
nine Roble sponsors.
Fran Jennings will assume the
duties of president and head spon
sor of Casa Ventura in the fall,
and Carol Kellogg will became vice
president. Sponsors in Ventura will
be Jean Gait, Marjorie Dwyer, and
Betty Da vies.
Seventeen sponsors for next au
tumn quarter in freshman women's
halls were announced last night by
Eleanor Marks, vice-president of
Women's Conference, for sponsor
choosing committee.
Kathrene J. Supple, senior from
Palo Alto, will be the new presi
dent. of Boble Hall, with Margaret
Miller assisting her as head spon
sor, and Mildred Edwards as vice
president.
Mary Jane Bull, Alice Lovett,
Nancy Pennycook, Barbara Beards
lee, Maxine Arnold, Eunice Erb,
Terry Zieglcr, Marie Wagner, and
Barbara Brook will be the other
nine Roble sponsors.
Fran Jennings will assume the
duties of president and head spon
sor of Casa Ventura in the fall,
and Carol Kellogg will became vice
president. Sponsors in Ventura will
be Jean Gait, Marjorie Dwyer, and
Betty Da vies.
Seventeen sponsors for next au
tumn quarter in freshman women's
halls were announced last night by
Eleanor Marks, vice-president of
Women's Conference, for sponsor
choosing committee.
Kathrene J. Supple, senior from
Palo Alto, will be the new presi
dent. of Boble Hall, with Margaret
Miller assisting her as head spon
sor, and Mildred Edwards as vice
president.
Mary Jane Bull, Alice Lovett,
Nancy Pennycook, Barbara Beards
lee, Maxine Arnold, Eunice Erb,
Terry Zieglcr, Marie Wagner, and
Barbara Brook will be the other
nine Roble sponsors.
Fran Jennings will assume the
duties of president and head spon
sor of Casa Ventura in the fall,
and Carol Kellogg will became vice
president. Sponsors in Ventura will
be Jean Gait, Marjorie Dwyer, and
Betty Da vies.
Seventeen sponsors for next au
tumn quarter in freshman women's
halls were announced last night by
Eleanor Marks, vice-president of
Women's Conference, for sponsor
choosing committee.
Kathrene J. Supple, senior from
Palo Alto, will be the new presi
dent. of Boble Hall, with Margaret
Miller assisting her as head spon
sor, and Mildred Edwards as vice
president.
Mary Jane Bull, Alice Lovett,
Nancy Pennycook, Barbara Beards
lee, Maxine Arnold, Eunice Erb,
Terry Zieglcr, Marie Wagner, and
Barbara Brook will be the other
nine Roble sponsors.
Fran Jennings will assume the
duties of president and head spon
sor of Casa Ventura in the fall,
and Carol Kellogg will became vice
president. Sponsors in Ventura will
be Jean Gait, Marjorie Dwyer, and
Betty Da vies.
Seventeen sponsors for next au
tumn quarter in freshman women's
halls were announced last night by
Eleanor Marks, vice-president of
Women's Conference, for sponsor
choosing committee.
Kathrene J. Supple, senior from
Palo Alto, will be the new presi
dent. of Boble Hall, with Margaret
Miller assisting her as head spon
sor, and Mildred Edwards as vice
president.
Mary Jane Bull, Alice Lovett,
Nancy Pennycook, Barbara Beards
lee, Maxine Arnold, Eunice Erb,
Terry Zieglcr, Marie Wagner, and
Barbara Brook will be the other
nine Roble sponsors.
Fran Jennings will assume the
duties of president and head spon
sor of Casa Ventura in the fall,
and Carol Kellogg will became vice
president. Sponsors in Ventura will
be Jean Gait, Marjorie Dwyer, and
Betty Da vies.
Seventeen sponsors for next au
tumn quarter in freshman women's
halls were announced last night by
Eleanor Marks, vice-president of
Women's Conference, for sponsor
choosing committee.
Kathrene J. Supple, senior from
Palo Alto, will be the new presi
dent. of Boble Hall, with Margaret
Miller assisting her as head spon
sor, and Mildred Edwards as vice
president.
Mary Jane Bull, Alice Lovett,
Nancy Pennycook, Barbara Beards
lee, Maxine Arnold, Eunice Erb,
Terry Zieglcr, Marie Wagner, and
Barbara Brook will be the other
nine Roble sponsors.
Fran Jennings will assume the
duties of president and head spon
sor of Casa Ventura in the fall,
and Carol Kellogg will became vice
president. Sponsors in Ventura will
be Jean Gait, Marjorie Dwyer, and
Betty Da vies.
Seventeen sponsors for next au
tumn quarter in freshman women's
halls were announced last night by
Eleanor Marks, vice-president of
Women's Conference, for sponsor
choosing committee.
Kathrene J. Supple, senior from
Palo Alto, will be the new presi
dent. of Boble Hall, with Margaret
Miller assisting her as head spon
sor, and Mildred Edwards as vice
president.
Mary Jane Bull, Alice Lovett,
Nancy Pennycook, Barbara Beards
lee, Maxine Arnold, Eunice Erb,
Terry Zieglcr, Marie Wagner, and
Barbara Brook will be the other
nine Roble sponsors.
Fran Jennings will assume the
duties of president and head spon
sor of Casa Ventura in the fall,
and Carol Kellogg will became vice
president. Sponsors in Ventura will
be Jean Gait, Marjorie Dwyer, and
Betty Da vies.
Seventeen sponsors for next au
tumn quarter in freshman women's
halls were announced last night by
Eleanor Marks, vice-president of
Women's Conference, for sponsor
choosing committee.
Kathrene J. Supple, senior from
Palo Alto, will be the new presi
dent. of Boble Hall, with Margaret
Miller assisting her as head spon
sor, and Mildred Edwards as vice
president.
Mary Jane Bull, Alice Lovett,
Nancy Pennycook, Barbara Beards
lee, Maxine Arnold, Eunice Erb,
Terry Zieglcr, Marie Wagner, and
Barbara Brook will be the other
nine Roble sponsors.
Fran Jennings will assume the
duties of president and head spon
sor of Casa Ventura in the fall,
and Carol Kellogg will became vice
president. Sponsors in Ventura will
be Jean Gait, Marjorie Dwyer, and
Betty Da vies.
Seventeen sponsors for next au
tumn quarter in freshman women's
halls were announced last night by
Eleanor Marks, vice-president of
Women's Conference, for sponsor
choosing committee.
Kathrene J. Supple, senior from
Palo Alto, will be the new presi
dent. of Boble Hall, with Margaret
Miller assisting her as head spon
sor, and Mildred Edwards as vice
president.
Mary Jane Bull, Alice Lovett,
Nancy Pennycook, Barbara Beards
lee, Maxine Arnold, Eunice Erb,
Terry Zieglcr, Marie Wagner, and
Barbara Brook will be the other
nine Roble sponsors.
Fran Jennings will assume the
duties of president and head spon
sor of Casa Ventura in the fall,
and Carol Kellogg will became vice
president. Sponsors in Ventura will
be Jean Gait, Marjorie Dwyer, and
Betty Da vies.
Seventeen sponsors for next au
tumn quarter in freshman women's
halls were announced last night by
Eleanor Marks, vice-president of
Women's Conference, for sponsor
choosing committee.
Kathrene J. Supple, senior from
Palo Alto, will be the new presi
dent. of Boble Hall, with Margaret
Miller assisting her as head spon
sor, and Mildred Edwards as vice
president.
Mary Jane Bull, Alice Lovett,
Nancy Pennycook, Barbara Beards
lee, Maxine Arnold, Eunice Erb,
Terry Zieglcr, Marie Wagner, and
Barbara Brook will be the other
nine Roble sponsors.
Fran Jennings will assume the
duties of president and head spon
sor of Casa Ventura in the fall,
and Carol Kellogg will became vice
president. Sponsors in Ventura will
be Jean Gait, Marjorie Dwyer, and
Betty Da vies.
Seventeen sponsors for next au
tumn quarter in freshman women's
halls were announced last night by
Eleanor Marks, vice-president of
Women's Conference, for sponsor
choosing committee.
Kathrene J. Supple, senior from
Palo Alto, will be the new presi
dent. of Boble Hall, with Margaret
Miller assisting her as head spon
sor, and Mildred Edwards as vice
president.
Mary Jane Bull, Alice Lovett,
Nancy Pennycook, Barbara Beards
lee, Maxine Arnold, Eunice Erb,
Terry Zieglcr, Marie Wagner, and
Barbara Brook will be the other
nine Roble sponsors.
Fran Jennings will assume the
duties of president and head spon
sor of Casa Ventura in the fall,
and Carol Kellogg will became vice
president. Sponsors in Ventura will
be Jean Gait, Marjorie Dwyer, and
Betty Da vies.
Seventeen sponsors for next au
tumn quarter in freshman women's
halls were announced last night by
Eleanor Marks, vice-president of
Women's Conference, for sponsor
choosing committee.
Kathrene J. Supple, senior from
Palo Alto, will be the new presi
dent. of Boble Hall, with Margaret
Miller assisting her as head spon
sor, and Mildred Edwards as vice
president.
Mary Jane Bull, Alice Lovett,
Nancy Pennycook, Barbara Beards
lee, Maxine Arnold, Eunice Erb,
Terry Zieglcr, Marie Wagner, and
Barbara Brook will be the other
nine Roble sponsors.
Fran Jennings will assume the
duties of president and head spon
sor of Casa Ventura in the fall,
and Carol Kellogg will became vice
president. Sponsors in Ventura will
be Jean Gait, Marjorie Dwyer, and
Betty Da vies.
Seventeen sponsors for next au
tumn quarter in freshman women's
halls were announced last night by
Eleanor Marks, vice-president of
Women's Conference, for sponsor
choosing committee.
Kathrene J. Supple, senior from
Palo Alto, will be the new presi
dent. of Boble Hall, with Margaret
Miller assisting her as head spon
sor, and Mildred Edwards as vice
president.
Mary Jane Bull, Alice Lovett,
Nancy Pennycook, Barbara Beards
lee, Maxine Arnold, Eunice Erb,
Terry Zieglcr, Marie Wagner, and
Barbara Brook will be the other
nine Roble sponsors.
Fran Jennings will assume the
duties of president and head spon
sor of Casa Ventura in the fall,
and Carol Kellogg will became vice
president. Sponsors in Ventura will
be Jean Gait, Marjorie Dwyer, and
Betty Da vies.
