# SPANISH CLUB.
## Students Interested In the Language Organize Under the Name "Club Tertulia." 
### 
Monday evening a meeting of
students interested in the move
ment was held for the purpose of
discussing the organization of a
Spanish club. A constitution was
drawn up and the name "Club
Tertulia," expressing at once the
linguistic and social purpose of the
society, was adopted.
For some time there has been a
desire among students in the Span
ish department, as well as among
those who have lived in Spanish
speaking countries, to have an
organization devoted to the inter
ests of that language. With the
recent marked growth of the regis
tration in Spanish courses, and the
increasing interest at. the Univer
sity in this study, it has been felt
that there is a place for such an
organization.
The charter members represented
in this first meeting were: Pro
fessor Ramsey and Mr. Earle of the
Spanish department, and C. E.
Cortes, 11. C. Brown, P. A. Martin,
\V. G. Shulte, F. H. Fowler, F. B.
Wagner, G. A. Miller, W. A. Mann
ing, Servando Sol, and G. Rivera.
Mr. Cortes was elected president,
and the business of the session was
carried on entirely in Spanish. It
included an informal discussion of
the purpose and plans of the club.
Suggestions were numerous, and
embraced many forms of recreation,
from photographic talks on travels
in Spain and Spanish America,
to the proposal that the club pre
sent a modern Spanish comedy on
the Stanford stage. Unless there
seems too great a conflict of dra
matic attempts this semester, it is
possible that some such a play as
"Zagueta"窶馬ow being read in the
Conversation class (Spanish 12) may
he acted under*the auspices of the
club. "Zargueta" is an excellent
comedy of two acts, and quite new.
Its fun depends almost entirely
upon action rather than upon the
lines. It calls for a cast of seven
gentlemen and live ladies.
While this matter is being looked
forward to with half-certainty, the
club will devote its meetings for the
present to amusement of a literary
and social sort requiring less re
sponsibility. The constitution pro
vides for a regular membership of
twenty-five in addition to the pro
fessors in the department of Ro
mance Languages. This number
is being made up by elections, and
will include both men and women.
Anyone registered in the Univer
sity, who is interested in the Cas
tilian tongue, and willing to sub
sist for two evenings a month on
Spanish alone, is eligible as a can
didate for election to the club.
The first meeting will be an
nounced within a few days.
Monday evening a meeting of
students interested in the move
ment was held for the purpose of
discussing the organization of a
Spanish club. A constitution was
drawn up and the name "Club
Tertulia," expressing at once the
linguistic and social purpose of the
society, was adopted.
For some time there has been a
desire among students in the Span
ish department, as well as among
those who have lived in Spanish
speaking countries, to have an
organization devoted to the inter
ests of that language. With the
recent marked growth of the regis
tration in Spanish courses, and the
increasing interest at. the Univer
sity in this study, it has been felt
that there is a place for such an
organization.
The charter members represented
in this first meeting were: Pro
fessor Ramsey and Mr. Earle of the
Spanish department, and C. E.
Cortes, 11. C. Brown, P. A. Martin,
\V. G. Shulte, F. H. Fowler, F. B.
Wagner, G. A. Miller, W. A. Mann
ing, Servando Sol, and G. Rivera.
Mr. Cortes was elected president,
and the business of the session was
carried on entirely in Spanish. It
included an informal discussion of
the purpose and plans of the club.
Suggestions were numerous, and
embraced many forms of recreation,
from photographic talks on travels
in Spain and Spanish America,
to the proposal that the club pre
sent a modern Spanish comedy on
the Stanford stage. Unless there
seems too great a conflict of dra
matic attempts this semester, it is
possible that some such a play as
"Zagueta"窶馬ow being read in the
Conversation class (Spanish 12) may
he acted under*the auspices of the
club. "Zargueta" is an excellent
comedy of two acts, and quite new.
Its fun depends almost entirely
upon action rather than upon the
lines. It calls for a cast of seven
gentlemen and live ladies.
While this matter is being looked
forward to with half-certainty, the
club will devote its meetings for the
present to amusement of a literary
and social sort requiring less re
sponsibility. The constitution pro
vides for a regular membership of
twenty-five in addition to the pro
fessors in the department of Ro
mance Languages. This number
is being made up by elections, and
will include both men and women.
Anyone registered in the Univer
sity, who is interested in the Cas
tilian tongue, and willing to sub
sist for two evenings a month on
Spanish alone, is eligible as a can
didate for election to the club.
The first meeting will be an
nounced within a few days.
Monday evening a meeting of
students interested in the move
ment was held for the purpose of
discussing the organization of a
Spanish club. A constitution was
drawn up and the name "Club
Tertulia," expressing at once the
linguistic and social purpose of the
society, was adopted.
For some time there has been a
desire among students in the Span
ish department, as well as among
those who have lived in Spanish
speaking countries, to have an
organization devoted to the inter
ests of that language. With the
recent marked growth of the regis
tration in Spanish courses, and the
increasing interest at. the Univer
sity in this study, it has been felt
that there is a place for such an
organization.
The charter members represented
in this first meeting were: Pro
fessor Ramsey and Mr. Earle of the
Spanish department, and C. E.
Cortes, 11. C. Brown, P. A. Martin,
\V. G. Shulte, F. H. Fowler, F. B.
Wagner, G. A. Miller, W. A. Mann
ing, Servando Sol, and G. Rivera.
Mr. Cortes was elected president,
and the business of the session was
carried on entirely in Spanish. It
included an informal discussion of
the purpose and plans of the club.
Suggestions were numerous, and
embraced many forms of recreation,
from photographic talks on travels
in Spain and Spanish America,
to the proposal that the club pre
sent a modern Spanish comedy on
the Stanford stage. Unless there
seems too great a conflict of dra
matic attempts this semester, it is
possible that some such a play as
"Zagueta"窶馬ow being read in the
Conversation class (Spanish 12) may
he acted under*the auspices of the
club. "Zargueta" is an excellent
comedy of two acts, and quite new.
Its fun depends almost entirely
upon action rather than upon the
lines. It calls for a cast of seven
gentlemen and live ladies.
While this matter is being looked
forward to with half-certainty, the
club will devote its meetings for the
present to amusement of a literary
and social sort requiring less re
sponsibility. The constitution pro
vides for a regular membership of
twenty-five in addition to the pro
fessors in the department of Ro
mance Languages. This number
is being made up by elections, and
will include both men and women.
Anyone registered in the Univer
sity, who is interested in the Cas
tilian tongue, and willing to sub
sist for two evenings a month on
Spanish alone, is eligible as a can
didate for election to the club.
The first meeting will be an
nounced within a few days.
Monday evening a meeting of
students interested in the move
ment was held for the purpose of
discussing the organization of a
Spanish club. A constitution was
drawn up and the name "Club
Tertulia," expressing at once the
linguistic and social purpose of the
society, was adopted.
For some time there has been a
desire among students in the Span
ish department, as well as among
those who have lived in Spanish
speaking countries, to have an
organization devoted to the inter
ests of that language. With the
recent marked growth of the regis
tration in Spanish courses, and the
increasing interest at. the Univer
sity in this study, it has been felt
that there is a place for such an
organization.
The charter members represented
in this first meeting were: Pro
fessor Ramsey and Mr. Earle of the
Spanish department, and C. E.
Cortes, 11. C. Brown, P. A. Martin,
\V. G. Shulte, F. H. Fowler, F. B.
Wagner, G. A. Miller, W. A. Mann
ing, Servando Sol, and G. Rivera.
Mr. Cortes was elected president,
and the business of the session was
carried on entirely in Spanish. It
included an informal discussion of
the purpose and plans of the club.
Suggestions were numerous, and
embraced many forms of recreation,
from photographic talks on travels
in Spain and Spanish America,
to the proposal that the club pre
sent a modern Spanish comedy on
the Stanford stage. Unless there
seems too great a conflict of dra
matic attempts this semester, it is
possible that some such a play as
"Zagueta"窶馬ow being read in the
Conversation class (Spanish 12) may
he acted under*the auspices of the
club. "Zargueta" is an excellent
comedy of two acts, and quite new.
Its fun depends almost entirely
upon action rather than upon the
lines. It calls for a cast of seven
gentlemen and live ladies.
While this matter is being looked
forward to with half-certainty, the
club will devote its meetings for the
present to amusement of a literary
and social sort requiring less re
sponsibility. The constitution pro
vides for a regular membership of
twenty-five in addition to the pro
fessors in the department of Ro
mance Languages. This number
is being made up by elections, and
will include both men and women.
Anyone registered in the Univer
sity, who is interested in the Cas
tilian tongue, and willing to sub
sist for two evenings a month on
Spanish alone, is eligible as a can
didate for election to the club.
The first meeting will be an
nounced within a few days.
Monday evening a meeting of
students interested in the move
ment was held for the purpose of
discussing the organization of a
Spanish club. A constitution was
drawn up and the name "Club
Tertulia," expressing at once the
linguistic and social purpose of the
society, was adopted.
For some time there has been a
desire among students in the Span
ish department, as well as among
those who have lived in Spanish
speaking countries, to have an
organization devoted to the inter
ests of that language. With the
recent marked growth of the regis
tration in Spanish courses, and the
increasing interest at. the Univer
sity in this study, it has been felt
that there is a place for such an
organization.
The charter members represented
in this first meeting were: Pro
fessor Ramsey and Mr. Earle of the
Spanish department, and C. E.
Cortes, 11. C. Brown, P. A. Martin,
\V. G. Shulte, F. H. Fowler, F. B.
Wagner, G. A. Miller, W. A. Mann
ing, Servando Sol, and G. Rivera.
Mr. Cortes was elected president,
and the business of the session was
carried on entirely in Spanish. It
included an informal discussion of
the purpose and plans of the club.
Suggestions were numerous, and
embraced many forms of recreation,
from photographic talks on travels
in Spain and Spanish America,
to the proposal that the club pre
sent a modern Spanish comedy on
the Stanford stage. Unless there
seems too great a conflict of dra
matic attempts this semester, it is
possible that some such a play as
"Zagueta"窶馬ow being read in the
Conversation class (Spanish 12) may
he acted under*the auspices of the
club. "Zargueta" is an excellent
comedy of two acts, and quite new.
Its fun depends almost entirely
upon action rather than upon the
lines. It calls for a cast of seven
gentlemen and live ladies.
While this matter is being looked
forward to with half-certainty, the
club will devote its meetings for the
present to amusement of a literary
and social sort requiring less re
sponsibility. The constitution pro
vides for a regular membership of
twenty-five in addition to the pro
fessors in the department of Ro
mance Languages. This number
is being made up by elections, and
will include both men and women.
Anyone registered in the Univer
sity, who is interested in the Cas
tilian tongue, and willing to sub
sist for two evenings a month on
Spanish alone, is eligible as a can
didate for election to the club.
The first meeting will be an
nounced within a few days.
Monday evening a meeting of
students interested in the move
ment was held for the purpose of
discussing the organization of a
Spanish club. A constitution was
drawn up and the name "Club
Tertulia," expressing at once the
linguistic and social purpose of the
society, was adopted.
For some time there has been a
desire among students in the Span
ish department, as well as among
those who have lived in Spanish
speaking countries, to have an
organization devoted to the inter
ests of that language. With the
recent marked growth of the regis
tration in Spanish courses, and the
increasing interest at. the Univer
sity in this study, it has been felt
that there is a place for such an
organization.
The charter members represented
in this first meeting were: Pro
fessor Ramsey and Mr. Earle of the
Spanish department, and C. E.
Cortes, 11. C. Brown, P. A. Martin,
\V. G. Shulte, F. H. Fowler, F. B.
Wagner, G. A. Miller, W. A. Mann
ing, Servando Sol, and G. Rivera.
Mr. Cortes was elected president,
and the business of the session was
carried on entirely in Spanish. It
included an informal discussion of
the purpose and plans of the club.
Suggestions were numerous, and
embraced many forms of recreation,
from photographic talks on travels
in Spain and Spanish America,
to the proposal that the club pre
sent a modern Spanish comedy on
the Stanford stage. Unless there
seems too great a conflict of dra
matic attempts this semester, it is
possible that some such a play as
"Zagueta"窶馬ow being read in the
Conversation class (Spanish 12) may
he acted under*the auspices of the
club. "Zargueta" is an excellent
comedy of two acts, and quite new.
Its fun depends almost entirely
upon action rather than upon the
lines. It calls for a cast of seven
gentlemen and live ladies.
While this matter is being looked
forward to with half-certainty, the
club will devote its meetings for the
present to amusement of a literary
and social sort requiring less re
sponsibility. The constitution pro
vides for a regular membership of
twenty-five in addition to the pro
fessors in the department of Ro
mance Languages. This number
is being made up by elections, and
will include both men and women.
Anyone registered in the Univer
sity, who is interested in the Cas
tilian tongue, and willing to sub
sist for two evenings a month on
Spanish alone, is eligible as a can
didate for election to the club.
The first meeting will be an
nounced within a few days.
Monday evening a meeting of
students interested in the move
ment was held for the purpose of
discussing the organization of a
Spanish club. A constitution was
drawn up and the name "Club
Tertulia," expressing at once the
linguistic and social purpose of the
society, was adopted.
For some time there has been a
desire among students in the Span
ish department, as well as among
those who have lived in Spanish
speaking countries, to have an
organization devoted to the inter
ests of that language. With the
recent marked growth of the regis
tration in Spanish courses, and the
increasing interest at. the Univer
sity in this study, it has been felt
that there is a place for such an
organization.
The charter members represented
in this first meeting were: Pro
fessor Ramsey and Mr. Earle of the
Spanish department, and C. E.
Cortes, 11. C. Brown, P. A. Martin,
\V. G. Shulte, F. H. Fowler, F. B.
Wagner, G. A. Miller, W. A. Mann
ing, Servando Sol, and G. Rivera.
Mr. Cortes was elected president,
and the business of the session was
carried on entirely in Spanish. It
included an informal discussion of
the purpose and plans of the club.
Suggestions were numerous, and
embraced many forms of recreation,
from photographic talks on travels
in Spain and Spanish America,
to the proposal that the club pre
sent a modern Spanish comedy on
the Stanford stage. Unless there
seems too great a conflict of dra
matic attempts this semester, it is
possible that some such a play as
"Zagueta"窶馬ow being read in the
Conversation class (Spanish 12) may
he acted under*the auspices of the
club. "Zargueta" is an excellent
comedy of two acts, and quite new.
Its fun depends almost entirely
upon action rather than upon the
lines. It calls for a cast of seven
gentlemen and live ladies.
While this matter is being looked
forward to with half-certainty, the
club will devote its meetings for the
present to amusement of a literary
and social sort requiring less re
sponsibility. The constitution pro
vides for a regular membership of
twenty-five in addition to the pro
fessors in the department of Ro
mance Languages. This number
is being made up by elections, and
will include both men and women.
Anyone registered in the Univer
sity, who is interested in the Cas
tilian tongue, and willing to sub
sist for two evenings a month on
Spanish alone, is eligible as a can
didate for election to the club.
The first meeting will be an
nounced within a few days.
Monday evening a meeting of
students interested in the move
ment was held for the purpose of
discussing the organization of a
Spanish club. A constitution was
drawn up and the name "Club
Tertulia," expressing at once the
linguistic and social purpose of the
society, was adopted.
For some time there has been a
desire among students in the Span
ish department, as well as among
those who have lived in Spanish
speaking countries, to have an
organization devoted to the inter
ests of that language. With the
recent marked growth of the regis
tration in Spanish courses, and the
increasing interest at. the Univer
sity in this study, it has been felt
that there is a place for such an
organization.
The charter members represented
in this first meeting were: Pro
fessor Ramsey and Mr. Earle of the
Spanish department, and C. E.
Cortes, 11. C. Brown, P. A. Martin,
\V. G. Shulte, F. H. Fowler, F. B.
Wagner, G. A. Miller, W. A. Mann
ing, Servando Sol, and G. Rivera.
Mr. Cortes was elected president,
and the business of the session was
carried on entirely in Spanish. It
included an informal discussion of
the purpose and plans of the club.
Suggestions were numerous, and
embraced many forms of recreation,
from photographic talks on travels
in Spain and Spanish America,
to the proposal that the club pre
sent a modern Spanish comedy on
the Stanford stage. Unless there
seems too great a conflict of dra
matic attempts this semester, it is
possible that some such a play as
"Zagueta"窶馬ow being read in the
Conversation class (Spanish 12) may
he acted under*the auspices of the
club. "Zargueta" is an excellent
comedy of two acts, and quite new.
Its fun depends almost entirely
upon action rather than upon the
lines. It calls for a cast of seven
gentlemen and live ladies.
While this matter is being looked
forward to with half-certainty, the
club will devote its meetings for the
present to amusement of a literary
and social sort requiring less re
sponsibility. The constitution pro
vides for a regular membership of
twenty-five in addition to the pro
fessors in the department of Ro
mance Languages. This number
is being made up by elections, and
will include both men and women.
Anyone registered in the Univer
sity, who is interested in the Cas
tilian tongue, and willing to sub
sist for two evenings a month on
Spanish alone, is eligible as a can
didate for election to the club.
The first meeting will be an
nounced within a few days.
