# Committees Appointed.
## 
### 
A meeting of the hoard of direc
tors of the Inn was held last even
ing and committees formed to in
vestigate and report upon some im
portant matters concerning the
business.
A meeting of the hoard of direc
tors of the Inn was held last even
ing and committees formed to in
vestigate and report upon some im
portant matters concerning the
business.
A meeting of the hoard of direc
tors of the Inn was held last even
ing and committees formed to in
vestigate and report upon some im
portant matters concerning the
business.
A meeting of the hoard of direc
tors of the Inn was held last even
ing and committees formed to in
vestigate and report upon some im
portant matters concerning the
business.
A meeting of the hoard of direc
tors of the Inn was held last even
ing and committees formed to in
vestigate and report upon some im
portant matters concerning the
business.
A meeting of the hoard of direc
tors of the Inn was held last even
ing and committees formed to in
vestigate and report upon some im
portant matters concerning the
business.
A meeting of the hoard of direc
tors of the Inn was held last even
ing and committees formed to in
vestigate and report upon some im
portant matters concerning the
business.
A meeting of the hoard of direc
tors of the Inn was held last even
ing and committees formed to in
vestigate and report upon some im
portant matters concerning the
business.
