# Final Interclass Game on Friday.
## 
### 
The date for the final game of the
interclass series between the Seniors
and the Freshmen has been set, by
Coach Lanagan, for Friday afternoon,
at 3:30.
The date for the final game of the
interclass series between the Seniors
and the Freshmen has been set, by
Coach Lanagan, for Friday afternoon,
at 3:30.
The date for the final game of the
interclass series between the Seniors
and the Freshmen has been set, by
Coach Lanagan, for Friday afternoon,
at 3:30.
The date for the final game of the
interclass series between the Seniors
and the Freshmen has been set, by
Coach Lanagan, for Friday afternoon,
at 3:30.
The date for the final game of the
interclass series between the Seniors
and the Freshmen has been set, by
Coach Lanagan, for Friday afternoon,
at 3:30.
The date for the final game of the
interclass series between the Seniors
and the Freshmen has been set, by
Coach Lanagan, for Friday afternoon,
at 3:30.
The date for the final game of the
interclass series between the Seniors
and the Freshmen has been set, by
Coach Lanagan, for Friday afternoon,
at 3:30.
The date for the final game of the
interclass series between the Seniors
and the Freshmen has been set, by
Coach Lanagan, for Friday afternoon,
at 3:30.
The date for the final game of the
interclass series between the Seniors
and the Freshmen has been set, by
Coach Lanagan, for Friday afternoon,
at 3:30.
