# FRESHMEN NOT BARRED
## DR. ANGELL EXPLAINS STANFORD'S ATTITUDE. Scholarship Restrictions on Athletes Here Even up Inequality of Freshman Disbarment. 
### 
Much comment lias been caused by
California's supposition that Stanford
would debar Freshmen from all Var
sity contests, as soon as the Blue and
Gold took similar action. The sub
ject was discussed last year, and Cal
ifornia's belief seems to be founded
on a misunderstanding of Stanford's
attitude.
As for the fairness of three classes
contesting against four, Dr. Angell,
of the Faculty Athletic Committee,
said today: "It seems to me that
Stanford's scholarship restrictions on
athletes counterbalance California's
debarment of first year men. Any
Cardinal man who is deficient in two
or more subjects is not allowed to
compete in college activities. The
same restrictions are applied for ono
semester to students who have been
dropped because of deficiencies in
scholarship. By these rulings Stan
ford has lost the services of such ath
letes as Crawford, Morton, Bell, Wit
mcr, and Woodbury." By this it ap
pears that practically an even break
will result, when California's three
classes compete against the Cardinal's
four. In any event such a contest will
not be nearly as uneven as might ap
pear at first glance.
If California would impose such
scholarship restrictions as are in use
at Stanford, it is possible that the
Cardinal would follow the Blue and
Gold in debarring Freshmen. As the
matter now stands, there is no possi
bility that Stanford's Faculty Com
mittee will follow California's lea 1
and rule out the first-year athletes.
