# Untitled Article
## 
### 
At its meeting tonight the Excc
ut've Commitee will probably take up
the matter of the renewal of Trainer
Moulton's contract. There is not the
slightest doubt but that the veteran
trainer will be secured, and the re
newal of his contract will meet with
the approval of the entire Student
Body. The Executive Committee
should, however, take steps to secure
Moulton's signature to a contract ex
tending over at least three years, and
at a substantial raise in salary. It is
well known that Stanford pays its
athletic directors, the smallest sal
aries of any university of its size in

the United States, and Moulton should
be rewarded for his unswerving loy
alty to the Cardinal during the past
years, at no small personal sacrifice
on his part. Strict observance of
training rules and the strengthening
of Stanford on track and field form
only a small part of Trainer Moulton's
services to the Cardinal, and the Ex
ecutive Committee will only be voic
ing the opinion of the Student Body,
if it reengages the trainer at an in
creased salary.
At its meeting tonight the Excc
ut've Commitee will probably take up
the matter of the renewal of Trainer
Moulton's contract. There is not the
slightest doubt but that the veteran
trainer will be secured, and the re
newal of his contract will meet with
the approval of the entire Student
Body. The Executive Committee
should, however, take steps to secure
Moulton's signature to a contract ex
tending over at least three years, and
at a substantial raise in salary. It is
well known that Stanford pays its
athletic directors, the smallest sal
aries of any university of its size in

the United States, and Moulton should
be rewarded for his unswerving loy
alty to the Cardinal during the past
years, at no small personal sacrifice
on his part. Strict observance of
training rules and the strengthening
of Stanford on track and field form
only a small part of Trainer Moulton's
services to the Cardinal, and the Ex
ecutive Committee will only be voic
ing the opinion of the Student Body,
if it reengages the trainer at an in
creased salary.
At its meeting tonight the Excc
ut've Commitee will probably take up
the matter of the renewal of Trainer
Moulton's contract. There is not the
slightest doubt but that the veteran
trainer will be secured, and the re
newal of his contract will meet with
the approval of the entire Student
Body. The Executive Committee
should, however, take steps to secure
Moulton's signature to a contract ex
tending over at least three years, and
at a substantial raise in salary. It is
well known that Stanford pays its
athletic directors, the smallest sal
aries of any university of its size in

the United States, and Moulton should
be rewarded for his unswerving loy
alty to the Cardinal during the past
years, at no small personal sacrifice
on his part. Strict observance of
training rules and the strengthening
of Stanford on track and field form
only a small part of Trainer Moulton's
services to the Cardinal, and the Ex
ecutive Committee will only be voic
ing the opinion of the Student Body,
if it reengages the trainer at an in
creased salary.
At its meeting tonight the Excc
ut've Commitee will probably take up
the matter of the renewal of Trainer
Moulton's contract. There is not the
slightest doubt but that the veteran
trainer will be secured, and the re
newal of his contract will meet with
the approval of the entire Student
Body. The Executive Committee
should, however, take steps to secure
Moulton's signature to a contract ex
tending over at least three years, and
at a substantial raise in salary. It is
well known that Stanford pays its
athletic directors, the smallest sal
aries of any university of its size in

the United States, and Moulton should
be rewarded for his unswerving loy
alty to the Cardinal during the past
years, at no small personal sacrifice
on his part. Strict observance of
training rules and the strengthening
of Stanford on track and field form
only a small part of Trainer Moulton's
services to the Cardinal, and the Ex
ecutive Committee will only be voic
ing the opinion of the Student Body,
if it reengages the trainer at an in
creased salary.
At its meeting tonight the Excc
ut've Commitee will probably take up
the matter of the renewal of Trainer
Moulton's contract. There is not the
slightest doubt but that the veteran
trainer will be secured, and the re
newal of his contract will meet with
the approval of the entire Student
Body. The Executive Committee
should, however, take steps to secure
Moulton's signature to a contract ex
tending over at least three years, and
at a substantial raise in salary. It is
well known that Stanford pays its
athletic directors, the smallest sal
aries of any university of its size in

the United States, and Moulton should
be rewarded for his unswerving loy
alty to the Cardinal during the past
years, at no small personal sacrifice
on his part. Strict observance of
training rules and the strengthening
of Stanford on track and field form
only a small part of Trainer Moulton's
services to the Cardinal, and the Ex
ecutive Committee will only be voic
ing the opinion of the Student Body,
if it reengages the trainer at an in
creased salary.
At its meeting tonight the Excc
ut've Commitee will probably take up
the matter of the renewal of Trainer
Moulton's contract. There is not the
slightest doubt but that the veteran
trainer will be secured, and the re
newal of his contract will meet with
the approval of the entire Student
Body. The Executive Committee
should, however, take steps to secure
Moulton's signature to a contract ex
tending over at least three years, and
at a substantial raise in salary. It is
well known that Stanford pays its
athletic directors, the smallest sal
aries of any university of its size in

the United States, and Moulton should
be rewarded for his unswerving loy
alty to the Cardinal during the past
years, at no small personal sacrifice
on his part. Strict observance of
training rules and the strengthening
of Stanford on track and field form
only a small part of Trainer Moulton's
services to the Cardinal, and the Ex
ecutive Committee will only be voic
ing the opinion of the Student Body,
if it reengages the trainer at an in
creased salary.
At its meeting tonight the Excc
ut've Commitee will probably take up
the matter of the renewal of Trainer
Moulton's contract. There is not the
slightest doubt but that the veteran
trainer will be secured, and the re
newal of his contract will meet with
the approval of the entire Student
Body. The Executive Committee
should, however, take steps to secure
Moulton's signature to a contract ex
tending over at least three years, and
at a substantial raise in salary. It is
well known that Stanford pays its
athletic directors, the smallest sal
aries of any university of its size in

the United States, and Moulton should
be rewarded for his unswerving loy
alty to the Cardinal during the past
years, at no small personal sacrifice
on his part. Strict observance of
training rules and the strengthening
of Stanford on track and field form
only a small part of Trainer Moulton's
services to the Cardinal, and the Ex
ecutive Committee will only be voic
ing the opinion of the Student Body,
if it reengages the trainer at an in
creased salary.
At its meeting tonight the Excc
ut've Commitee will probably take up
the matter of the renewal of Trainer
Moulton's contract. There is not the
slightest doubt but that the veteran
trainer will be secured, and the re
newal of his contract will meet with
the approval of the entire Student
Body. The Executive Committee
should, however, take steps to secure
Moulton's signature to a contract ex
tending over at least three years, and
at a substantial raise in salary. It is
well known that Stanford pays its
athletic directors, the smallest sal
aries of any university of its size in

the United States, and Moulton should
be rewarded for his unswerving loy
alty to the Cardinal during the past
years, at no small personal sacrifice
on his part. Strict observance of
training rules and the strengthening
of Stanford on track and field form
only a small part of Trainer Moulton's
services to the Cardinal, and the Ex
ecutive Committee will only be voic
ing the opinion of the Student Body,
if it reengages the trainer at an in
creased salary.
At its meeting tonight the Excc
ut've Commitee will probably take up
the matter of the renewal of Trainer
Moulton's contract. There is not the
slightest doubt but that the veteran
trainer will be secured, and the re
newal of his contract will meet with
the approval of the entire Student
Body. The Executive Committee
should, however, take steps to secure
Moulton's signature to a contract ex
tending over at least three years, and
at a substantial raise in salary. It is
well known that Stanford pays its
athletic directors, the smallest sal
aries of any university of its size in

the United States, and Moulton should
be rewarded for his unswerving loy
alty to the Cardinal during the past
years, at no small personal sacrifice
on his part. Strict observance of
training rules and the strengthening
of Stanford on track and field form
only a small part of Trainer Moulton's
services to the Cardinal, and the Ex
ecutive Committee will only be voic
ing the opinion of the Student Body,
if it reengages the trainer at an in
creased salary.
