# Sophomores Meet Tomorrow.
## 
### 
The Sophomore class will meet to
morrow afternoon at 1:10 in room 68.
Permanent organization will be con
sidered. Matters of importance con
nected with the Ping Ugly and other
affairs will be brought up. Chairman
G. B. Bush, '09, of the play commit
tee, will make a financial report of
the finances of "You Never Can Tell,"
The Sophomore class will meet to
morrow afternoon at 1:10 in room 68.
Permanent organization will be con
sidered. Matters of importance con
nected with the Ping Ugly and other
affairs will be brought up. Chairman
G. B. Bush, '09, of the play commit
tee, will make a financial report of
the finances of "You Never Can Tell,"
The Sophomore class will meet to
morrow afternoon at 1:10 in room 68.
Permanent organization will be con
sidered. Matters of importance con
nected with the Ping Ugly and other
affairs will be brought up. Chairman
G. B. Bush, '09, of the play commit
tee, will make a financial report of
the finances of "You Never Can Tell,"
The Sophomore class will meet to
morrow afternoon at 1:10 in room 68.
Permanent organization will be con
sidered. Matters of importance con
nected with the Ping Ugly and other
affairs will be brought up. Chairman
G. B. Bush, '09, of the play commit
tee, will make a financial report of
the finances of "You Never Can Tell,"
The Sophomore class will meet to
morrow afternoon at 1:10 in room 68.
Permanent organization will be con
sidered. Matters of importance con
nected with the Ping Ugly and other
affairs will be brought up. Chairman
G. B. Bush, '09, of the play commit
tee, will make a financial report of
the finances of "You Never Can Tell,"
The Sophomore class will meet to
morrow afternoon at 1:10 in room 68.
Permanent organization will be con
sidered. Matters of importance con
nected with the Ping Ugly and other
affairs will be brought up. Chairman
G. B. Bush, '09, of the play commit
tee, will make a financial report of
the finances of "You Never Can Tell,"
The Sophomore class will meet to
morrow afternoon at 1:10 in room 68.
Permanent organization will be con
sidered. Matters of importance con
nected with the Ping Ugly and other
affairs will be brought up. Chairman
G. B. Bush, '09, of the play commit
tee, will make a financial report of
the finances of "You Never Can Tell,"
The Sophomore class will meet to
morrow afternoon at 1:10 in room 68.
Permanent organization will be con
sidered. Matters of importance con
nected with the Ping Ugly and other
affairs will be brought up. Chairman
G. B. Bush, '09, of the play commit
tee, will make a financial report of
the finances of "You Never Can Tell,"
The Sophomore class will meet to
morrow afternoon at 1:10 in room 68.
Permanent organization will be con
sidered. Matters of importance con
nected with the Ping Ugly and other
affairs will be brought up. Chairman
G. B. Bush, '09, of the play commit
tee, will make a financial report of
the finances of "You Never Can Tell,"
