# Catcher Daily Confined to Bed.
## 
### 
H. P. Daily, '07, candidate for
catcher on the Varsity baseball team
has been confined to his bed for the
past three days, with a severe attack
of grippe. It is expected that Daily
will be able to appear on the field
tomorrow afternoon for regular prac
tice.
H. P. Daily, '07, candidate for
catcher on the Varsity baseball team
has been confined to his bed for the
past three days, with a severe attack
of grippe. It is expected that Daily
will be able to appear on the field
tomorrow afternoon for regular prac
tice.
H. P. Daily, '07, candidate for
catcher on the Varsity baseball team
has been confined to his bed for the
past three days, with a severe attack
of grippe. It is expected that Daily
will be able to appear on the field
tomorrow afternoon for regular prac
tice.
H. P. Daily, '07, candidate for
catcher on the Varsity baseball team
has been confined to his bed for the
past three days, with a severe attack
of grippe. It is expected that Daily
will be able to appear on the field
tomorrow afternoon for regular prac
tice.
H. P. Daily, '07, candidate for
catcher on the Varsity baseball team
has been confined to his bed for the
past three days, with a severe attack
of grippe. It is expected that Daily
will be able to appear on the field
tomorrow afternoon for regular prac
tice.
H. P. Daily, '07, candidate for
catcher on the Varsity baseball team
has been confined to his bed for the
past three days, with a severe attack
of grippe. It is expected that Daily
will be able to appear on the field
tomorrow afternoon for regular prac
tice.
H. P. Daily, '07, candidate for
catcher on the Varsity baseball team
has been confined to his bed for the
past three days, with a severe attack
of grippe. It is expected that Daily
will be able to appear on the field
tomorrow afternoon for regular prac
tice.
H. P. Daily, '07, candidate for
catcher on the Varsity baseball team
has been confined to his bed for the
past three days, with a severe attack
of grippe. It is expected that Daily
will be able to appear on the field
tomorrow afternoon for regular prac
tice.
H. P. Daily, '07, candidate for
catcher on the Varsity baseball team
has been confined to his bed for the
past three days, with a severe attack
of grippe. It is expected that Daily
will be able to appear on the field
tomorrow afternoon for regular prac
tice.
