# Warner Plugs 'All-American' Norm Standlee
## 
### 
Pop Warner, who still keeps his
finger in the coaching pie mapping
offensive strategy for Sail Jose
State, ranks Norm Standlee, Stan
ford's pile-driving "Chief," with
the game's greatest fullbacks.
Warner's stamp of approval is the
greatest push given so far to the
"Standlee for All-American" drive,
for Pop is a member of the Ameri
can Board of Football. When old
Glenn Scobey says "he's one of the
best fullbacks I've ever seen" that
means that Norm is put in the same
class as Ernie Nevers and Jim
Ihoipe, Warner's backfield prote
ges years ago.
NO WEAKNESSES
Pop sums up the case of Standlee
for All-American by listing the big
line - smashers qualifications: "I
don't see that he has a weakness.
He's big and powerful for line
smashing. He's fast and once
through a hole he's fairly shiftyâ€”
quite so for a big man. He's a fine
kicker, now leading the West in
punting averages, and a terrific
smasher on defense. And he can
pass, although with Albert acting
as the key thrower Standlee has
yet to prove this factor."
RIGHT WITH GREATS
Warner, one of the oldest men in
the game, has seen hundreds of top
-1 lights in the fullback slot, in
cluding Ed Coy of Yale, Eddie Ma
lum ol Harvard, George Gipp, Herb
Joseting, Bobby Grayson, and just
about any other stand-out you can
mention from the old Carlisle In
dians whom Pop coached down to
Slippery Rock Teachers.
Standlee has other backers be
sides Warner, including Ernie Nev
cr.s and of course Clark D. Shaugh
nc-ssy, who says with a smile:
"They don't make 'em any better
than Standlee."
And the send-off cheer given for
Norm at the station yesterday
proved that Stanford is on the
Standlee bandwagon.
