# Last Day to Obtain Ucla Game Tickets
## 
### 
Today is the last day to obtain
tickets for the U.C.L.A. game in
Los Angeles, Nov. 2. Free rooters'
tickets arc available at the B.A.C.
from 8:30 until 5 o'clock. Student
body cards must lie shown. Eight
additional tickets mav also l»o pur
chased for $2.;»0 each. The tick
ets are free, but must be presented
at the game. As at the U.S.C.
game last year, student body cards
must also be presented and vali
dated at the game.
Today is the last day to obtain
tickets for the U.C.L.A. game in
Los Angeles, Nov. 2. Free rooters'
tickets arc available at the B.A.C.
from 8:30 until 5 o'clock. Student
body cards must lie shown. Eight
additional tickets mav also l»o pur
chased for $2.;»0 each. The tick
ets are free, but must be presented
at the game. As at the U.S.C.
game last year, student body cards
must also be presented and vali
dated at the game.
Today is the last day to obtain
tickets for the U.C.L.A. game in
Los Angeles, Nov. 2. Free rooters'
tickets arc available at the B.A.C.
from 8:30 until 5 o'clock. Student
body cards must lie shown. Eight
additional tickets mav also l»o pur
chased for $2.;»0 each. The tick
ets are free, but must be presented
at the game. As at the U.S.C.
game last year, student body cards
must also be presented and vali
dated at the game.
Today is the last day to obtain
tickets for the U.C.L.A. game in
Los Angeles, Nov. 2. Free rooters'
tickets arc available at the B.A.C.
from 8:30 until 5 o'clock. Student
body cards must lie shown. Eight
additional tickets mav also l»o pur
chased for $2.;»0 each. The tick
ets are free, but must be presented
at the game. As at the U.S.C.
game last year, student body cards
must also be presented and vali
dated at the game.
Today is the last day to obtain
tickets for the U.C.L.A. game in
Los Angeles, Nov. 2. Free rooters'
tickets arc available at the B.A.C.
from 8:30 until 5 o'clock. Student
body cards must lie shown. Eight
additional tickets mav also l»o pur
chased for $2.;»0 each. The tick
ets are free, but must be presented
at the game. As at the U.S.C.
game last year, student body cards
must also be presented and vali
dated at the game.
Today is the last day to obtain
tickets for the U.C.L.A. game in
Los Angeles, Nov. 2. Free rooters'
tickets arc available at the B.A.C.
from 8:30 until 5 o'clock. Student
body cards must lie shown. Eight
additional tickets mav also l»o pur
chased for $2.;»0 each. The tick
ets are free, but must be presented
at the game. As at the U.S.C.
game last year, student body cards
must also be presented and vali
dated at the game.
Today is the last day to obtain
tickets for the U.C.L.A. game in
Los Angeles, Nov. 2. Free rooters'
tickets arc available at the B.A.C.
from 8:30 until 5 o'clock. Student
body cards must lie shown. Eight
additional tickets mav also l»o pur
chased for $2.;»0 each. The tick
ets are free, but must be presented
at the game. As at the U.S.C.
game last year, student body cards
must also be presented and vali
dated at the game.
Today is the last day to obtain
tickets for the U.C.L.A. game in
Los Angeles, Nov. 2. Free rooters'
tickets arc available at the B.A.C.
from 8:30 until 5 o'clock. Student
body cards must lie shown. Eight
additional tickets mav also l»o pur
chased for $2.;»0 each. The tick
ets are free, but must be presented
at the game. As at the U.S.C.
game last year, student body cards
must also be presented and vali
dated at the game.
Today is the last day to obtain
tickets for the U.C.L.A. game in
Los Angeles, Nov. 2. Free rooters'
tickets arc available at the B.A.C.
from 8:30 until 5 o'clock. Student
body cards must lie shown. Eight
additional tickets mav also l»o pur
chased for $2.;»0 each. The tick
ets are free, but must be presented
at the game. As at the U.S.C.
game last year, student body cards
must also be presented and vali
dated at the game.
Today is the last day to obtain
tickets for the U.C.L.A. game in
Los Angeles, Nov. 2. Free rooters'
tickets arc available at the B.A.C.
from 8:30 until 5 o'clock. Student
body cards must lie shown. Eight
additional tickets mav also l»o pur
chased for $2.;»0 each. The tick
ets are free, but must be presented
at the game. As at the U.S.C.
game last year, student body cards
must also be presented and vali
dated at the game.
Today is the last day to obtain
tickets for the U.C.L.A. game in
Los Angeles, Nov. 2. Free rooters'
tickets arc available at the B.A.C.
from 8:30 until 5 o'clock. Student
body cards must lie shown. Eight
additional tickets mav also l»o pur
chased for $2.;»0 each. The tick
ets are free, but must be presented
at the game. As at the U.S.C.
game last year, student body cards
must also be presented and vali
dated at the game.
Today is the last day to obtain
tickets for the U.C.L.A. game in
Los Angeles, Nov. 2. Free rooters'
tickets arc available at the B.A.C.
from 8:30 until 5 o'clock. Student
body cards must lie shown. Eight
additional tickets mav also l»o pur
chased for $2.;»0 each. The tick
ets are free, but must be presented
at the game. As at the U.S.C.
game last year, student body cards
must also be presented and vali
dated at the game.
Today is the last day to obtain
tickets for the U.C.L.A. game in
Los Angeles, Nov. 2. Free rooters'
tickets arc available at the B.A.C.
from 8:30 until 5 o'clock. Student
body cards must lie shown. Eight
additional tickets mav also l»o pur
chased for $2.;»0 each. The tick
ets are free, but must be presented
at the game. As at the U.S.C.
game last year, student body cards
must also be presented and vali
dated at the game.
Today is the last day to obtain
tickets for the U.C.L.A. game in
Los Angeles, Nov. 2. Free rooters'
tickets arc available at the B.A.C.
from 8:30 until 5 o'clock. Student
body cards must lie shown. Eight
additional tickets mav also l»o pur
chased for $2.;»0 each. The tick
ets are free, but must be presented
at the game. As at the U.S.C.
game last year, student body cards
must also be presented and vali
dated at the game.
Today is the last day to obtain
tickets for the U.C.L.A. game in
Los Angeles, Nov. 2. Free rooters'
tickets arc available at the B.A.C.
from 8:30 until 5 o'clock. Student
body cards must lie shown. Eight
additional tickets mav also l»o pur
chased for $2.;»0 each. The tick
ets are free, but must be presented
at the game. As at the U.S.C.
game last year, student body cards
must also be presented and vali
dated at the game.
Today is the last day to obtain
tickets for the U.C.L.A. game in
Los Angeles, Nov. 2. Free rooters'
tickets arc available at the B.A.C.
from 8:30 until 5 o'clock. Student
body cards must lie shown. Eight
additional tickets mav also l»o pur
chased for $2.;»0 each. The tick
ets are free, but must be presented
at the game. As at the U.S.C.
game last year, student body cards
must also be presented and vali
dated at the game.
Today is the last day to obtain
tickets for the U.C.L.A. game in
Los Angeles, Nov. 2. Free rooters'
tickets arc available at the B.A.C.
from 8:30 until 5 o'clock. Student
body cards must lie shown. Eight
additional tickets mav also l»o pur
chased for $2.;»0 each. The tick
ets are free, but must be presented
at the game. As at the U.S.C.
game last year, student body cards
must also be presented and vali
dated at the game.
