# HARNESS MEN CONFER
## 
### 
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 17 (UP).—
California harness racers tonight
began drafting rules to govern har
ness meets in the state after the
horse racing board finally lent a re
ceptive ear to their problems.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 17 (UP).—
California harness racers tonight
began drafting rules to govern har
ness meets in the state after the
horse racing board finally lent a re
ceptive ear to their problems.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 17 (UP).—
California harness racers tonight
began drafting rules to govern har
ness meets in the state after the
horse racing board finally lent a re
ceptive ear to their problems.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 17 (UP).—
California harness racers tonight
began drafting rules to govern har
ness meets in the state after the
horse racing board finally lent a re
ceptive ear to their problems.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 17 (UP).—
California harness racers tonight
began drafting rules to govern har
ness meets in the state after the
horse racing board finally lent a re
ceptive ear to their problems.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 17 (UP).—
California harness racers tonight
began drafting rules to govern har
ness meets in the state after the
horse racing board finally lent a re
ceptive ear to their problems.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 17 (UP).—
California harness racers tonight
began drafting rules to govern har
ness meets in the state after the
horse racing board finally lent a re
ceptive ear to their problems.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 17 (UP).—
California harness racers tonight
began drafting rules to govern har
ness meets in the state after the
horse racing board finally lent a re
ceptive ear to their problems.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 17 (UP).—
California harness racers tonight
began drafting rules to govern har
ness meets in the state after the
horse racing board finally lent a re
ceptive ear to their problems.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 17 (UP).—
California harness racers tonight
began drafting rules to govern har
ness meets in the state after the
horse racing board finally lent a re
ceptive ear to their problems.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 17 (UP).—
California harness racers tonight
began drafting rules to govern har
ness meets in the state after the
horse racing board finally lent a re
ceptive ear to their problems.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 17 (UP).—
California harness racers tonight
began drafting rules to govern har
ness meets in the state after the
horse racing board finally lent a re
ceptive ear to their problems.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 17 (UP).—
California harness racers tonight
began drafting rules to govern har
ness meets in the state after the
horse racing board finally lent a re
ceptive ear to their problems.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 17 (UP).—
California harness racers tonight
began drafting rules to govern har
ness meets in the state after the
horse racing board finally lent a re
ceptive ear to their problems.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 17 (UP).—
California harness racers tonight
began drafting rules to govern har
ness meets in the state after the
horse racing board finally lent a re
ceptive ear to their problems.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 17 (UP).—
California harness racers tonight
began drafting rules to govern har
ness meets in the state after the
horse racing board finally lent a re
ceptive ear to their problems.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 17 (UP).—
California harness racers tonight
began drafting rules to govern har
ness meets in the state after the
horse racing board finally lent a re
ceptive ear to their problems.
