# Faith Groups Hold Meetings Sunday Night
## Westminster Club Plans 'Question Box'; Others to Hear Talks 
### 
Stanford's religious groups will
hold the following meetings and dis
cussions this week:
WESTMINSTER CLUB
This Sunday's meeting of the
Westminster Club will be held in
the form of a "question box" dis
cussion, led by Rev. E. C. Thomson.
The meeting will be held at 7:k5
o'clock at the Presbyterian Church
in Palo Alto, and all students are
cordially invited.
EPISCOPAL CLUB
Dr. Henry Lanz of Stanford Uni
versity will lecture on "My Trip to
Mt. Athos" at the regular weekly
meeting Sunday at 6 o'clock at the
parish house, on the corner of Ham
ilton and Waverly.
In keeping with the plan to have
the evening services center as far
as possible in students and their
interests, the service this Sunday
will be conducted by students to a
great extent. The Rev. James R.
Davidson, Jr., will preach at the
evening service.
ROGER WILLIAMS CLUB
The student worship service will
be conducted Sunday at 7:15 o'clock
by Mr. Willard Muller, the director,
at the Baptist Church, corner of
Bryant and Hamilton.
The fireside will be held at 8:30
o'clock at the home of Professor
Emeritus and Mrs. O. N. Johnston,
528 Alvarado. Dr. Stanley Sharpe,
Assistant Dean of Men, will speak.
For transportation, phone John V.
Moore, 7528.
WESLE Y FOUN DATION
Youth vespers will be held Sun
day at 7:30 o'clock at the Wesley
Foundation House, 625 Hamilton
Avenue.
At the fellowship hour at 8 o'clock
Miss Mary Haven, psychiatric so
cial worker for the California Bu
reau of Social Research, will speak
about her work with children.
Stanford's religious groups will
hold the following meetings and dis
cussions this week:
WESTMINSTER CLUB
This Sunday's meeting of the
Westminster Club will be held in
the form of a "question box" dis
cussion, led by Rev. E. C. Thomson.
The meeting will be held at 7:k5
o'clock at the Presbyterian Church
in Palo Alto, and all students are
cordially invited.
EPISCOPAL CLUB
Dr. Henry Lanz of Stanford Uni
versity will lecture on "My Trip to
Mt. Athos" at the regular weekly
meeting Sunday at 6 o'clock at the
parish house, on the corner of Ham
ilton and Waverly.
In keeping with the plan to have
the evening services center as far
as possible in students and their
interests, the service this Sunday
will be conducted by students to a
great extent. The Rev. James R.
Davidson, Jr., will preach at the
evening service.
ROGER WILLIAMS CLUB
The student worship service will
be conducted Sunday at 7:15 o'clock
by Mr. Willard Muller, the director,
at the Baptist Church, corner of
Bryant and Hamilton.
The fireside will be held at 8:30
o'clock at the home of Professor
Emeritus and Mrs. O. N. Johnston,
528 Alvarado. Dr. Stanley Sharpe,
Assistant Dean of Men, will speak.
For transportation, phone John V.
Moore, 7528.
WESLE Y FOUN DATION
Youth vespers will be held Sun
day at 7:30 o'clock at the Wesley
Foundation House, 625 Hamilton
Avenue.
At the fellowship hour at 8 o'clock
Miss Mary Haven, psychiatric so
cial worker for the California Bu
reau of Social Research, will speak
about her work with children.
Stanford's religious groups will
hold the following meetings and dis
cussions this week:
WESTMINSTER CLUB
This Sunday's meeting of the
Westminster Club will be held in
the form of a "question box" dis
cussion, led by Rev. E. C. Thomson.
The meeting will be held at 7:k5
o'clock at the Presbyterian Church
in Palo Alto, and all students are
cordially invited.
EPISCOPAL CLUB
Dr. Henry Lanz of Stanford Uni
versity will lecture on "My Trip to
Mt. Athos" at the regular weekly
meeting Sunday at 6 o'clock at the
parish house, on the corner of Ham
ilton and Waverly.
In keeping with the plan to have
the evening services center as far
as possible in students and their
interests, the service this Sunday
will be conducted by students to a
great extent. The Rev. James R.
Davidson, Jr., will preach at the
evening service.
ROGER WILLIAMS CLUB
The student worship service will
be conducted Sunday at 7:15 o'clock
by Mr. Willard Muller, the director,
at the Baptist Church, corner of
Bryant and Hamilton.
The fireside will be held at 8:30
o'clock at the home of Professor
Emeritus and Mrs. O. N. Johnston,
528 Alvarado. Dr. Stanley Sharpe,
Assistant Dean of Men, will speak.
For transportation, phone John V.
Moore, 7528.
WESLE Y FOUN DATION
Youth vespers will be held Sun
day at 7:30 o'clock at the Wesley
Foundation House, 625 Hamilton
Avenue.
At the fellowship hour at 8 o'clock
Miss Mary Haven, psychiatric so
cial worker for the California Bu
reau of Social Research, will speak
about her work with children.
Stanford's religious groups will
hold the following meetings and dis
cussions this week:
WESTMINSTER CLUB
This Sunday's meeting of the
Westminster Club will be held in
the form of a "question box" dis
cussion, led by Rev. E. C. Thomson.
The meeting will be held at 7:k5
o'clock at the Presbyterian Church
in Palo Alto, and all students are
cordially invited.
EPISCOPAL CLUB
Dr. Henry Lanz of Stanford Uni
versity will lecture on "My Trip to
Mt. Athos" at the regular weekly
meeting Sunday at 6 o'clock at the
parish house, on the corner of Ham
ilton and Waverly.
In keeping with the plan to have
the evening services center as far
as possible in students and their
interests, the service this Sunday
will be conducted by students to a
great extent. The Rev. James R.
Davidson, Jr., will preach at the
evening service.
ROGER WILLIAMS CLUB
The student worship service will
be conducted Sunday at 7:15 o'clock
by Mr. Willard Muller, the director,
at the Baptist Church, corner of
Bryant and Hamilton.
The fireside will be held at 8:30
o'clock at the home of Professor
Emeritus and Mrs. O. N. Johnston,
528 Alvarado. Dr. Stanley Sharpe,
Assistant Dean of Men, will speak.
For transportation, phone John V.
Moore, 7528.
WESLE Y FOUN DATION
Youth vespers will be held Sun
day at 7:30 o'clock at the Wesley
Foundation House, 625 Hamilton
Avenue.
At the fellowship hour at 8 o'clock
Miss Mary Haven, psychiatric so
cial worker for the California Bu
reau of Social Research, will speak
about her work with children.
Stanford's religious groups will
hold the following meetings and dis
cussions this week:
WESTMINSTER CLUB
This Sunday's meeting of the
Westminster Club will be held in
the form of a "question box" dis
cussion, led by Rev. E. C. Thomson.
The meeting will be held at 7:k5
o'clock at the Presbyterian Church
in Palo Alto, and all students are
cordially invited.
EPISCOPAL CLUB
Dr. Henry Lanz of Stanford Uni
versity will lecture on "My Trip to
Mt. Athos" at the regular weekly
meeting Sunday at 6 o'clock at the
parish house, on the corner of Ham
ilton and Waverly.
In keeping with the plan to have
the evening services center as far
as possible in students and their
interests, the service this Sunday
will be conducted by students to a
great extent. The Rev. James R.
Davidson, Jr., will preach at the
evening service.
ROGER WILLIAMS CLUB
The student worship service will
be conducted Sunday at 7:15 o'clock
by Mr. Willard Muller, the director,
at the Baptist Church, corner of
Bryant and Hamilton.
The fireside will be held at 8:30
o'clock at the home of Professor
Emeritus and Mrs. O. N. Johnston,
528 Alvarado. Dr. Stanley Sharpe,
Assistant Dean of Men, will speak.
For transportation, phone John V.
Moore, 7528.
WESLE Y FOUN DATION
Youth vespers will be held Sun
day at 7:30 o'clock at the Wesley
Foundation House, 625 Hamilton
Avenue.
At the fellowship hour at 8 o'clock
Miss Mary Haven, psychiatric so
cial worker for the California Bu
reau of Social Research, will speak
about her work with children.
Stanford's religious groups will
hold the following meetings and dis
cussions this week:
WESTMINSTER CLUB
This Sunday's meeting of the
Westminster Club will be held in
the form of a "question box" dis
cussion, led by Rev. E. C. Thomson.
The meeting will be held at 7:k5
o'clock at the Presbyterian Church
in Palo Alto, and all students are
cordially invited.
EPISCOPAL CLUB
Dr. Henry Lanz of Stanford Uni
versity will lecture on "My Trip to
Mt. Athos" at the regular weekly
meeting Sunday at 6 o'clock at the
parish house, on the corner of Ham
ilton and Waverly.
In keeping with the plan to have
the evening services center as far
as possible in students and their
interests, the service this Sunday
will be conducted by students to a
great extent. The Rev. James R.
Davidson, Jr., will preach at the
evening service.
ROGER WILLIAMS CLUB
The student worship service will
be conducted Sunday at 7:15 o'clock
by Mr. Willard Muller, the director,
at the Baptist Church, corner of
Bryant and Hamilton.
The fireside will be held at 8:30
o'clock at the home of Professor
Emeritus and Mrs. O. N. Johnston,
528 Alvarado. Dr. Stanley Sharpe,
Assistant Dean of Men, will speak.
For transportation, phone John V.
Moore, 7528.
WESLE Y FOUN DATION
Youth vespers will be held Sun
day at 7:30 o'clock at the Wesley
Foundation House, 625 Hamilton
Avenue.
At the fellowship hour at 8 o'clock
Miss Mary Haven, psychiatric so
cial worker for the California Bu
reau of Social Research, will speak
about her work with children.
Stanford's religious groups will
hold the following meetings and dis
cussions this week:
WESTMINSTER CLUB
This Sunday's meeting of the
Westminster Club will be held in
the form of a "question box" dis
cussion, led by Rev. E. C. Thomson.
The meeting will be held at 7:k5
o'clock at the Presbyterian Church
in Palo Alto, and all students are
cordially invited.
EPISCOPAL CLUB
Dr. Henry Lanz of Stanford Uni
versity will lecture on "My Trip to
Mt. Athos" at the regular weekly
meeting Sunday at 6 o'clock at the
parish house, on the corner of Ham
ilton and Waverly.
In keeping with the plan to have
the evening services center as far
as possible in students and their
interests, the service this Sunday
will be conducted by students to a
great extent. The Rev. James R.
Davidson, Jr., will preach at the
evening service.
ROGER WILLIAMS CLUB
The student worship service will
be conducted Sunday at 7:15 o'clock
by Mr. Willard Muller, the director,
at the Baptist Church, corner of
Bryant and Hamilton.
The fireside will be held at 8:30
o'clock at the home of Professor
Emeritus and Mrs. O. N. Johnston,
528 Alvarado. Dr. Stanley Sharpe,
Assistant Dean of Men, will speak.
For transportation, phone John V.
Moore, 7528.
WESLE Y FOUN DATION
Youth vespers will be held Sun
day at 7:30 o'clock at the Wesley
Foundation House, 625 Hamilton
Avenue.
At the fellowship hour at 8 o'clock
Miss Mary Haven, psychiatric so
cial worker for the California Bu
reau of Social Research, will speak
about her work with children.
Stanford's religious groups will
hold the following meetings and dis
cussions this week:
WESTMINSTER CLUB
This Sunday's meeting of the
Westminster Club will be held in
the form of a "question box" dis
cussion, led by Rev. E. C. Thomson.
The meeting will be held at 7:k5
o'clock at the Presbyterian Church
in Palo Alto, and all students are
cordially invited.
EPISCOPAL CLUB
Dr. Henry Lanz of Stanford Uni
versity will lecture on "My Trip to
Mt. Athos" at the regular weekly
meeting Sunday at 6 o'clock at the
parish house, on the corner of Ham
ilton and Waverly.
In keeping with the plan to have
the evening services center as far
as possible in students and their
interests, the service this Sunday
will be conducted by students to a
great extent. The Rev. James R.
Davidson, Jr., will preach at the
evening service.
ROGER WILLIAMS CLUB
The student worship service will
be conducted Sunday at 7:15 o'clock
by Mr. Willard Muller, the director,
at the Baptist Church, corner of
Bryant and Hamilton.
The fireside will be held at 8:30
o'clock at the home of Professor
Emeritus and Mrs. O. N. Johnston,
528 Alvarado. Dr. Stanley Sharpe,
Assistant Dean of Men, will speak.
For transportation, phone John V.
Moore, 7528.
WESLE Y FOUN DATION
Youth vespers will be held Sun
day at 7:30 o'clock at the Wesley
Foundation House, 625 Hamilton
Avenue.
At the fellowship hour at 8 o'clock
Miss Mary Haven, psychiatric so
cial worker for the California Bu
reau of Social Research, will speak
about her work with children.
Stanford's religious groups will
hold the following meetings and dis
cussions this week:
WESTMINSTER CLUB
This Sunday's meeting of the
Westminster Club will be held in
the form of a "question box" dis
cussion, led by Rev. E. C. Thomson.
The meeting will be held at 7:k5
o'clock at the Presbyterian Church
in Palo Alto, and all students are
cordially invited.
EPISCOPAL CLUB
Dr. Henry Lanz of Stanford Uni
versity will lecture on "My Trip to
Mt. Athos" at the regular weekly
meeting Sunday at 6 o'clock at the
parish house, on the corner of Ham
ilton and Waverly.
In keeping with the plan to have
the evening services center as far
as possible in students and their
interests, the service this Sunday
will be conducted by students to a
great extent. The Rev. James R.
Davidson, Jr., will preach at the
evening service.
ROGER WILLIAMS CLUB
The student worship service will
be conducted Sunday at 7:15 o'clock
by Mr. Willard Muller, the director,
at the Baptist Church, corner of
Bryant and Hamilton.
The fireside will be held at 8:30
o'clock at the home of Professor
Emeritus and Mrs. O. N. Johnston,
528 Alvarado. Dr. Stanley Sharpe,
Assistant Dean of Men, will speak.
For transportation, phone John V.
Moore, 7528.
WESLE Y FOUN DATION
Youth vespers will be held Sun
day at 7:30 o'clock at the Wesley
Foundation House, 625 Hamilton
Avenue.
At the fellowship hour at 8 o'clock
Miss Mary Haven, psychiatric so
cial worker for the California Bu
reau of Social Research, will speak
about her work with children.
Stanford's religious groups will
hold the following meetings and dis
cussions this week:
WESTMINSTER CLUB
This Sunday's meeting of the
Westminster Club will be held in
the form of a "question box" dis
cussion, led by Rev. E. C. Thomson.
The meeting will be held at 7:k5
o'clock at the Presbyterian Church
in Palo Alto, and all students are
cordially invited.
EPISCOPAL CLUB
Dr. Henry Lanz of Stanford Uni
versity will lecture on "My Trip to
Mt. Athos" at the regular weekly
meeting Sunday at 6 o'clock at the
parish house, on the corner of Ham
ilton and Waverly.
In keeping with the plan to have
the evening services center as far
as possible in students and their
interests, the service this Sunday
will be conducted by students to a
great extent. The Rev. James R.
Davidson, Jr., will preach at the
evening service.
ROGER WILLIAMS CLUB
The student worship service will
be conducted Sunday at 7:15 o'clock
by Mr. Willard Muller, the director,
at the Baptist Church, corner of
Bryant and Hamilton.
The fireside will be held at 8:30
o'clock at the home of Professor
Emeritus and Mrs. O. N. Johnston,
528 Alvarado. Dr. Stanley Sharpe,
Assistant Dean of Men, will speak.
For transportation, phone John V.
Moore, 7528.
WESLE Y FOUN DATION
Youth vespers will be held Sun
day at 7:30 o'clock at the Wesley
Foundation House, 625 Hamilton
Avenue.
At the fellowship hour at 8 o'clock
Miss Mary Haven, psychiatric so
cial worker for the California Bu
reau of Social Research, will speak
about her work with children.
Stanford's religious groups will
hold the following meetings and dis
cussions this week:
WESTMINSTER CLUB
This Sunday's meeting of the
Westminster Club will be held in
the form of a "question box" dis
cussion, led by Rev. E. C. Thomson.
The meeting will be held at 7:k5
o'clock at the Presbyterian Church
in Palo Alto, and all students are
cordially invited.
EPISCOPAL CLUB
Dr. Henry Lanz of Stanford Uni
versity will lecture on "My Trip to
Mt. Athos" at the regular weekly
meeting Sunday at 6 o'clock at the
parish house, on the corner of Ham
ilton and Waverly.
In keeping with the plan to have
the evening services center as far
as possible in students and their
interests, the service this Sunday
will be conducted by students to a
great extent. The Rev. James R.
Davidson, Jr., will preach at the
evening service.
ROGER WILLIAMS CLUB
The student worship service will
be conducted Sunday at 7:15 o'clock
by Mr. Willard Muller, the director,
at the Baptist Church, corner of
Bryant and Hamilton.
The fireside will be held at 8:30
o'clock at the home of Professor
Emeritus and Mrs. O. N. Johnston,
528 Alvarado. Dr. Stanley Sharpe,
Assistant Dean of Men, will speak.
For transportation, phone John V.
Moore, 7528.
WESLE Y FOUN DATION
Youth vespers will be held Sun
day at 7:30 o'clock at the Wesley
Foundation House, 625 Hamilton
Avenue.
At the fellowship hour at 8 o'clock
Miss Mary Haven, psychiatric so
cial worker for the California Bu
reau of Social Research, will speak
about her work with children.
Stanford's religious groups will
hold the following meetings and dis
cussions this week:
WESTMINSTER CLUB
This Sunday's meeting of the
Westminster Club will be held in
the form of a "question box" dis
cussion, led by Rev. E. C. Thomson.
The meeting will be held at 7:k5
o'clock at the Presbyterian Church
in Palo Alto, and all students are
cordially invited.
EPISCOPAL CLUB
Dr. Henry Lanz of Stanford Uni
versity will lecture on "My Trip to
Mt. Athos" at the regular weekly
meeting Sunday at 6 o'clock at the
parish house, on the corner of Ham
ilton and Waverly.
In keeping with the plan to have
the evening services center as far
as possible in students and their
interests, the service this Sunday
will be conducted by students to a
great extent. The Rev. James R.
Davidson, Jr., will preach at the
evening service.
ROGER WILLIAMS CLUB
The student worship service will
be conducted Sunday at 7:15 o'clock
by Mr. Willard Muller, the director,
at the Baptist Church, corner of
Bryant and Hamilton.
The fireside will be held at 8:30
o'clock at the home of Professor
Emeritus and Mrs. O. N. Johnston,
528 Alvarado. Dr. Stanley Sharpe,
Assistant Dean of Men, will speak.
For transportation, phone John V.
Moore, 7528.
WESLE Y FOUN DATION
Youth vespers will be held Sun
day at 7:30 o'clock at the Wesley
Foundation House, 625 Hamilton
Avenue.
At the fellowship hour at 8 o'clock
Miss Mary Haven, psychiatric so
cial worker for the California Bu
reau of Social Research, will speak
about her work with children.
Stanford's religious groups will
hold the following meetings and dis
cussions this week:
WESTMINSTER CLUB
This Sunday's meeting of the
Westminster Club will be held in
the form of a "question box" dis
cussion, led by Rev. E. C. Thomson.
The meeting will be held at 7:k5
o'clock at the Presbyterian Church
in Palo Alto, and all students are
cordially invited.
EPISCOPAL CLUB
Dr. Henry Lanz of Stanford Uni
versity will lecture on "My Trip to
Mt. Athos" at the regular weekly
meeting Sunday at 6 o'clock at the
parish house, on the corner of Ham
ilton and Waverly.
In keeping with the plan to have
the evening services center as far
as possible in students and their
interests, the service this Sunday
will be conducted by students to a
great extent. The Rev. James R.
Davidson, Jr., will preach at the
evening service.
ROGER WILLIAMS CLUB
The student worship service will
be conducted Sunday at 7:15 o'clock
by Mr. Willard Muller, the director,
at the Baptist Church, corner of
Bryant and Hamilton.
The fireside will be held at 8:30
o'clock at the home of Professor
Emeritus and Mrs. O. N. Johnston,
528 Alvarado. Dr. Stanley Sharpe,
Assistant Dean of Men, will speak.
For transportation, phone John V.
Moore, 7528.
WESLE Y FOUN DATION
Youth vespers will be held Sun
day at 7:30 o'clock at the Wesley
Foundation House, 625 Hamilton
Avenue.
At the fellowship hour at 8 o'clock
Miss Mary Haven, psychiatric so
cial worker for the California Bu
reau of Social Research, will speak
about her work with children.
Stanford's religious groups will
hold the following meetings and dis
cussions this week:
WESTMINSTER CLUB
This Sunday's meeting of the
Westminster Club will be held in
the form of a "question box" dis
cussion, led by Rev. E. C. Thomson.
The meeting will be held at 7:k5
o'clock at the Presbyterian Church
in Palo Alto, and all students are
cordially invited.
EPISCOPAL CLUB
Dr. Henry Lanz of Stanford Uni
versity will lecture on "My Trip to
Mt. Athos" at the regular weekly
meeting Sunday at 6 o'clock at the
parish house, on the corner of Ham
ilton and Waverly.
In keeping with the plan to have
the evening services center as far
as possible in students and their
interests, the service this Sunday
will be conducted by students to a
great extent. The Rev. James R.
Davidson, Jr., will preach at the
evening service.
ROGER WILLIAMS CLUB
The student worship service will
be conducted Sunday at 7:15 o'clock
by Mr. Willard Muller, the director,
at the Baptist Church, corner of
Bryant and Hamilton.
The fireside will be held at 8:30
o'clock at the home of Professor
Emeritus and Mrs. O. N. Johnston,
528 Alvarado. Dr. Stanley Sharpe,
Assistant Dean of Men, will speak.
For transportation, phone John V.
Moore, 7528.
WESLE Y FOUN DATION
Youth vespers will be held Sun
day at 7:30 o'clock at the Wesley
Foundation House, 625 Hamilton
Avenue.
At the fellowship hour at 8 o'clock
Miss Mary Haven, psychiatric so
cial worker for the California Bu
reau of Social Research, will speak
about her work with children.
Stanford's religious groups will
hold the following meetings and dis
cussions this week:
WESTMINSTER CLUB
This Sunday's meeting of the
Westminster Club will be held in
the form of a "question box" dis
cussion, led by Rev. E. C. Thomson.
The meeting will be held at 7:k5
o'clock at the Presbyterian Church
in Palo Alto, and all students are
cordially invited.
EPISCOPAL CLUB
Dr. Henry Lanz of Stanford Uni
versity will lecture on "My Trip to
Mt. Athos" at the regular weekly
meeting Sunday at 6 o'clock at the
parish house, on the corner of Ham
ilton and Waverly.
In keeping with the plan to have
the evening services center as far
as possible in students and their
interests, the service this Sunday
will be conducted by students to a
great extent. The Rev. James R.
Davidson, Jr., will preach at the
evening service.
ROGER WILLIAMS CLUB
The student worship service will
be conducted Sunday at 7:15 o'clock
by Mr. Willard Muller, the director,
at the Baptist Church, corner of
Bryant and Hamilton.
The fireside will be held at 8:30
o'clock at the home of Professor
Emeritus and Mrs. O. N. Johnston,
528 Alvarado. Dr. Stanley Sharpe,
Assistant Dean of Men, will speak.
For transportation, phone John V.
Moore, 7528.
WESLE Y FOUN DATION
Youth vespers will be held Sun
day at 7:30 o'clock at the Wesley
Foundation House, 625 Hamilton
Avenue.
At the fellowship hour at 8 o'clock
Miss Mary Haven, psychiatric so
cial worker for the California Bu
reau of Social Research, will speak
about her work with children.
Stanford's religious groups will
hold the following meetings and dis
cussions this week:
WESTMINSTER CLUB
This Sunday's meeting of the
Westminster Club will be held in
the form of a "question box" dis
cussion, led by Rev. E. C. Thomson.
The meeting will be held at 7:k5
o'clock at the Presbyterian Church
in Palo Alto, and all students are
cordially invited.
EPISCOPAL CLUB
Dr. Henry Lanz of Stanford Uni
versity will lecture on "My Trip to
Mt. Athos" at the regular weekly
meeting Sunday at 6 o'clock at the
parish house, on the corner of Ham
ilton and Waverly.
In keeping with the plan to have
the evening services center as far
as possible in students and their
interests, the service this Sunday
will be conducted by students to a
great extent. The Rev. James R.
Davidson, Jr., will preach at the
evening service.
ROGER WILLIAMS CLUB
The student worship service will
be conducted Sunday at 7:15 o'clock
by Mr. Willard Muller, the director,
at the Baptist Church, corner of
Bryant and Hamilton.
The fireside will be held at 8:30
o'clock at the home of Professor
Emeritus and Mrs. O. N. Johnston,
528 Alvarado. Dr. Stanley Sharpe,
Assistant Dean of Men, will speak.
For transportation, phone John V.
Moore, 7528.
WESLE Y FOUN DATION
Youth vespers will be held Sun
day at 7:30 o'clock at the Wesley
Foundation House, 625 Hamilton
Avenue.
At the fellowship hour at 8 o'clock
Miss Mary Haven, psychiatric so
cial worker for the California Bu
reau of Social Research, will speak
about her work with children.
Stanford's religious groups will
hold the following meetings and dis
cussions this week:
WESTMINSTER CLUB
This Sunday's meeting of the
Westminster Club will be held in
the form of a "question box" dis
cussion, led by Rev. E. C. Thomson.
The meeting will be held at 7:k5
o'clock at the Presbyterian Church
in Palo Alto, and all students are
cordially invited.
EPISCOPAL CLUB
Dr. Henry Lanz of Stanford Uni
versity will lecture on "My Trip to
Mt. Athos" at the regular weekly
meeting Sunday at 6 o'clock at the
parish house, on the corner of Ham
ilton and Waverly.
In keeping with the plan to have
the evening services center as far
as possible in students and their
interests, the service this Sunday
will be conducted by students to a
great extent. The Rev. James R.
Davidson, Jr., will preach at the
evening service.
ROGER WILLIAMS CLUB
The student worship service will
be conducted Sunday at 7:15 o'clock
by Mr. Willard Muller, the director,
at the Baptist Church, corner of
Bryant and Hamilton.
The fireside will be held at 8:30
o'clock at the home of Professor
Emeritus and Mrs. O. N. Johnston,
528 Alvarado. Dr. Stanley Sharpe,
Assistant Dean of Men, will speak.
For transportation, phone John V.
Moore, 7528.
WESLE Y FOUN DATION
Youth vespers will be held Sun
day at 7:30 o'clock at the Wesley
Foundation House, 625 Hamilton
Avenue.
At the fellowship hour at 8 o'clock
Miss Mary Haven, psychiatric so
cial worker for the California Bu
reau of Social Research, will speak
about her work with children.
