# STANFORDITES SIGN FOR DRAFT
## 
### 

THREE OF STANFORD'S leading figures register for the draft. Jack
Kennedy. Kill Turner, and Dwight Hutchinson are being signed up
by I.eland T. C'hapin. associate professor of speech and drama.

THREE OF STANFORD'S leading figures register for the draft. Jack
Kennedy. Kill Turner, and Dwight Hutchinson are being signed up
by I.eland T. C'hapin. associate professor of speech and drama.

THREE OF STANFORD'S leading figures register for the draft. Jack
Kennedy. Kill Turner, and Dwight Hutchinson are being signed up
by I.eland T. C'hapin. associate professor of speech and drama.

THREE OF STANFORD'S leading figures register for the draft. Jack
Kennedy. Kill Turner, and Dwight Hutchinson are being signed up
by I.eland T. C'hapin. associate professor of speech and drama.

THREE OF STANFORD'S leading figures register for the draft. Jack
Kennedy. Kill Turner, and Dwight Hutchinson are being signed up
by I.eland T. C'hapin. associate professor of speech and drama.

THREE OF STANFORD'S leading figures register for the draft. Jack
Kennedy. Kill Turner, and Dwight Hutchinson are being signed up
by I.eland T. C'hapin. associate professor of speech and drama.

THREE OF STANFORD'S leading figures register for the draft. Jack
Kennedy. Kill Turner, and Dwight Hutchinson are being signed up
by I.eland T. C'hapin. associate professor of speech and drama.

THREE OF STANFORD'S leading figures register for the draft. Jack
Kennedy. Kill Turner, and Dwight Hutchinson are being signed up
by I.eland T. C'hapin. associate professor of speech and drama.

THREE OF STANFORD'S leading figures register for the draft. Jack
Kennedy. Kill Turner, and Dwight Hutchinson are being signed up
by I.eland T. C'hapin. associate professor of speech and drama.

THREE OF STANFORD'S leading figures register for the draft. Jack
Kennedy. Kill Turner, and Dwight Hutchinson are being signed up
by I.eland T. C'hapin. associate professor of speech and drama.

THREE OF STANFORD'S leading figures register for the draft. Jack
Kennedy. Kill Turner, and Dwight Hutchinson are being signed up
by I.eland T. C'hapin. associate professor of speech and drama.

THREE OF STANFORD'S leading figures register for the draft. Jack
Kennedy. Kill Turner, and Dwight Hutchinson are being signed up
by I.eland T. C'hapin. associate professor of speech and drama.

THREE OF STANFORD'S leading figures register for the draft. Jack
Kennedy. Kill Turner, and Dwight Hutchinson are being signed up
by I.eland T. C'hapin. associate professor of speech and drama.

THREE OF STANFORD'S leading figures register for the draft. Jack
Kennedy. Kill Turner, and Dwight Hutchinson are being signed up
by I.eland T. C'hapin. associate professor of speech and drama.

THREE OF STANFORD'S leading figures register for the draft. Jack
Kennedy. Kill Turner, and Dwight Hutchinson are being signed up
by I.eland T. C'hapin. associate professor of speech and drama.

THREE OF STANFORD'S leading figures register for the draft. Jack
Kennedy. Kill Turner, and Dwight Hutchinson are being signed up
by I.eland T. C'hapin. associate professor of speech and drama.

THREE OF STANFORD'S leading figures register for the draft. Jack
Kennedy. Kill Turner, and Dwight Hutchinson are being signed up
by I.eland T. C'hapin. associate professor of speech and drama.
