# S.F. 'Der Rosenkavalier' Premiere Scores Triumph
## 
### 
The first performance by the San
Francisco Opera Company of one of
the greatest modern operas, "Der
Rosenkavalier" by Richard Strauss,
Wednesday night was a masterpiece
of synthesis of Strauss' orchestra
tion, some of the world's best voices
for this opera, the staging and cos
tuming, and Hugo von Hofmann
stahl's text. The music and text of
"Rosenkavalier" itself are a syn
thesis of the romantic and the comic.
The most beautiful, romantic pas
sages are the love duet between the
17-year-old Count Octavian and his
cousin, the Marschallin von Wer
denberg at the end of the first act,
the rapturous duet at the beginning
of the second act when Octavia first
sees Sophia, the intended fiancee of
his profligate cousin Baron Ochs,
and the trio at the end of ihe third
act between the Marschallin, Oc
tavian, and Sophia after the Baron
has been disgraced and Sophia is
able to marry youthful Octavian.
LEHMANN ROMANTIC

Rise Stevens as Octavian sang and
played the character as Strauss must
have envisioned the role when he
created it. Lotte Lehmann as the
Marschallin gave the part an ele
ment of regretful, romantic pathos,

losing a lover she realizes is too
young and attractive even for the
princess and wife of a field mar
shal.
Alexander Kipnis with his clear,
full, bass voice as the Baron Ochs
supplied both the villainous and
comic elements of the opera. His
interpretation of the role was that
of an old fool after Sophia's money,
naive enough to be caught in a
double life by his enemy at love,
Octavian.
Margit Bokor, making her San
Francisco debut as Sophia, was.
somewhat weak. Walter Olitski, as
Herr von Faninal, Sophia's newly
rich father, was also making his
debut with the San Francisco Op
era Company and did so excellently.
COSTUMES ELABORATE

The orchestration of "Rosenkava
lier" shows definite Wagnerian in
fluences, although in a much lighter
vein than Wagner ever was, and
Ihe orchestra, directed by Erich
Leinsdorf, brought out the typically
Strauss themes clearly and vigor
ously. The sets and staging were
elaborate in keeping with the aris
tocratic, eighteenth-century Vien
nese setting. "Der Rosenkavalier"
will be repeated Sunday afternoon,
October 27.—Adams
The first performance by the San
Francisco Opera Company of one of
the greatest modern operas, "Der
Rosenkavalier" by Richard Strauss,
Wednesday night was a masterpiece
of synthesis of Strauss' orchestra
tion, some of the world's best voices
for this opera, the staging and cos
tuming, and Hugo von Hofmann
stahl's text. The music and text of
"Rosenkavalier" itself are a syn
thesis of the romantic and the comic.
The most beautiful, romantic pas
sages are the love duet between the
17-year-old Count Octavian and his
cousin, the Marschallin von Wer
denberg at the end of the first act,
the rapturous duet at the beginning
of the second act when Octavia first
sees Sophia, the intended fiancee of
his profligate cousin Baron Ochs,
and the trio at the end of ihe third
act between the Marschallin, Oc
tavian, and Sophia after the Baron
has been disgraced and Sophia is
able to marry youthful Octavian.
LEHMANN ROMANTIC

Rise Stevens as Octavian sang and
played the character as Strauss must
have envisioned the role when he
created it. Lotte Lehmann as the
Marschallin gave the part an ele
ment of regretful, romantic pathos,

losing a lover she realizes is too
young and attractive even for the
princess and wife of a field mar
shal.
Alexander Kipnis with his clear,
full, bass voice as the Baron Ochs
supplied both the villainous and
comic elements of the opera. His
interpretation of the role was that
of an old fool after Sophia's money,
naive enough to be caught in a
double life by his enemy at love,
Octavian.
Margit Bokor, making her San
Francisco debut as Sophia, was.
somewhat weak. Walter Olitski, as
Herr von Faninal, Sophia's newly
rich father, was also making his
debut with the San Francisco Op
era Company and did so excellently.
COSTUMES ELABORATE

The orchestration of "Rosenkava
lier" shows definite Wagnerian in
fluences, although in a much lighter
vein than Wagner ever was, and
Ihe orchestra, directed by Erich
Leinsdorf, brought out the typically
Strauss themes clearly and vigor
ously. The sets and staging were
elaborate in keeping with the aris
tocratic, eighteenth-century Vien
nese setting. "Der Rosenkavalier"
will be repeated Sunday afternoon,
October 27.—Adams
The first performance by the San
Francisco Opera Company of one of
the greatest modern operas, "Der
Rosenkavalier" by Richard Strauss,
Wednesday night was a masterpiece
of synthesis of Strauss' orchestra
tion, some of the world's best voices
for this opera, the staging and cos
tuming, and Hugo von Hofmann
stahl's text. The music and text of
"Rosenkavalier" itself are a syn
thesis of the romantic and the comic.
The most beautiful, romantic pas
sages are the love duet between the
17-year-old Count Octavian and his
cousin, the Marschallin von Wer
denberg at the end of the first act,
the rapturous duet at the beginning
of the second act when Octavia first
sees Sophia, the intended fiancee of
his profligate cousin Baron Ochs,
and the trio at the end of ihe third
act between the Marschallin, Oc
tavian, and Sophia after the Baron
has been disgraced and Sophia is
able to marry youthful Octavian.
LEHMANN ROMANTIC

Rise Stevens as Octavian sang and
played the character as Strauss must
have envisioned the role when he
created it. Lotte Lehmann as the
Marschallin gave the part an ele
ment of regretful, romantic pathos,

losing a lover she realizes is too
young and attractive even for the
princess and wife of a field mar
shal.
Alexander Kipnis with his clear,
full, bass voice as the Baron Ochs
supplied both the villainous and
comic elements of the opera. His
interpretation of the role was that
of an old fool after Sophia's money,
naive enough to be caught in a
double life by his enemy at love,
Octavian.
Margit Bokor, making her San
Francisco debut as Sophia, was.
somewhat weak. Walter Olitski, as
Herr von Faninal, Sophia's newly
rich father, was also making his
debut with the San Francisco Op
era Company and did so excellently.
COSTUMES ELABORATE

The orchestration of "Rosenkava
lier" shows definite Wagnerian in
fluences, although in a much lighter
vein than Wagner ever was, and
Ihe orchestra, directed by Erich
Leinsdorf, brought out the typically
Strauss themes clearly and vigor
ously. The sets and staging were
elaborate in keeping with the aris
tocratic, eighteenth-century Vien
nese setting. "Der Rosenkavalier"
will be repeated Sunday afternoon,
October 27.—Adams
The first performance by the San
Francisco Opera Company of one of
the greatest modern operas, "Der
Rosenkavalier" by Richard Strauss,
Wednesday night was a masterpiece
of synthesis of Strauss' orchestra
tion, some of the world's best voices
for this opera, the staging and cos
tuming, and Hugo von Hofmann
stahl's text. The music and text of
"Rosenkavalier" itself are a syn
thesis of the romantic and the comic.
The most beautiful, romantic pas
sages are the love duet between the
17-year-old Count Octavian and his
cousin, the Marschallin von Wer
denberg at the end of the first act,
the rapturous duet at the beginning
of the second act when Octavia first
sees Sophia, the intended fiancee of
his profligate cousin Baron Ochs,
and the trio at the end of ihe third
act between the Marschallin, Oc
tavian, and Sophia after the Baron
has been disgraced and Sophia is
able to marry youthful Octavian.
LEHMANN ROMANTIC

Rise Stevens as Octavian sang and
played the character as Strauss must
have envisioned the role when he
created it. Lotte Lehmann as the
Marschallin gave the part an ele
ment of regretful, romantic pathos,

losing a lover she realizes is too
young and attractive even for the
princess and wife of a field mar
shal.
Alexander Kipnis with his clear,
full, bass voice as the Baron Ochs
supplied both the villainous and
comic elements of the opera. His
interpretation of the role was that
of an old fool after Sophia's money,
naive enough to be caught in a
double life by his enemy at love,
Octavian.
Margit Bokor, making her San
Francisco debut as Sophia, was.
somewhat weak. Walter Olitski, as
Herr von Faninal, Sophia's newly
rich father, was also making his
debut with the San Francisco Op
era Company and did so excellently.
COSTUMES ELABORATE

The orchestration of "Rosenkava
lier" shows definite Wagnerian in
fluences, although in a much lighter
vein than Wagner ever was, and
Ihe orchestra, directed by Erich
Leinsdorf, brought out the typically
Strauss themes clearly and vigor
ously. The sets and staging were
elaborate in keeping with the aris
tocratic, eighteenth-century Vien
nese setting. "Der Rosenkavalier"
will be repeated Sunday afternoon,
October 27.—Adams
The first performance by the San
Francisco Opera Company of one of
the greatest modern operas, "Der
Rosenkavalier" by Richard Strauss,
Wednesday night was a masterpiece
of synthesis of Strauss' orchestra
tion, some of the world's best voices
for this opera, the staging and cos
tuming, and Hugo von Hofmann
stahl's text. The music and text of
"Rosenkavalier" itself are a syn
thesis of the romantic and the comic.
The most beautiful, romantic pas
sages are the love duet between the
17-year-old Count Octavian and his
cousin, the Marschallin von Wer
denberg at the end of the first act,
the rapturous duet at the beginning
of the second act when Octavia first
sees Sophia, the intended fiancee of
his profligate cousin Baron Ochs,
and the trio at the end of ihe third
act between the Marschallin, Oc
tavian, and Sophia after the Baron
has been disgraced and Sophia is
able to marry youthful Octavian.
LEHMANN ROMANTIC

Rise Stevens as Octavian sang and
played the character as Strauss must
have envisioned the role when he
created it. Lotte Lehmann as the
Marschallin gave the part an ele
ment of regretful, romantic pathos,

losing a lover she realizes is too
young and attractive even for the
princess and wife of a field mar
shal.
Alexander Kipnis with his clear,
full, bass voice as the Baron Ochs
supplied both the villainous and
comic elements of the opera. His
interpretation of the role was that
of an old fool after Sophia's money,
naive enough to be caught in a
double life by his enemy at love,
Octavian.
Margit Bokor, making her San
Francisco debut as Sophia, was.
somewhat weak. Walter Olitski, as
Herr von Faninal, Sophia's newly
rich father, was also making his
debut with the San Francisco Op
era Company and did so excellently.
COSTUMES ELABORATE

The orchestration of "Rosenkava
lier" shows definite Wagnerian in
fluences, although in a much lighter
vein than Wagner ever was, and
Ihe orchestra, directed by Erich
Leinsdorf, brought out the typically
Strauss themes clearly and vigor
ously. The sets and staging were
elaborate in keeping with the aris
tocratic, eighteenth-century Vien
nese setting. "Der Rosenkavalier"
will be repeated Sunday afternoon,
October 27.—Adams
The first performance by the San
Francisco Opera Company of one of
the greatest modern operas, "Der
Rosenkavalier" by Richard Strauss,
Wednesday night was a masterpiece
of synthesis of Strauss' orchestra
tion, some of the world's best voices
for this opera, the staging and cos
tuming, and Hugo von Hofmann
stahl's text. The music and text of
"Rosenkavalier" itself are a syn
thesis of the romantic and the comic.
The most beautiful, romantic pas
sages are the love duet between the
17-year-old Count Octavian and his
cousin, the Marschallin von Wer
denberg at the end of the first act,
the rapturous duet at the beginning
of the second act when Octavia first
sees Sophia, the intended fiancee of
his profligate cousin Baron Ochs,
and the trio at the end of ihe third
act between the Marschallin, Oc
tavian, and Sophia after the Baron
has been disgraced and Sophia is
able to marry youthful Octavian.
LEHMANN ROMANTIC

Rise Stevens as Octavian sang and
played the character as Strauss must
have envisioned the role when he
created it. Lotte Lehmann as the
Marschallin gave the part an ele
ment of regretful, romantic pathos,

losing a lover she realizes is too
young and attractive even for the
princess and wife of a field mar
shal.
Alexander Kipnis with his clear,
full, bass voice as the Baron Ochs
supplied both the villainous and
comic elements of the opera. His
interpretation of the role was that
of an old fool after Sophia's money,
naive enough to be caught in a
double life by his enemy at love,
Octavian.
Margit Bokor, making her San
Francisco debut as Sophia, was.
somewhat weak. Walter Olitski, as
Herr von Faninal, Sophia's newly
rich father, was also making his
debut with the San Francisco Op
era Company and did so excellently.
COSTUMES ELABORATE

The orchestration of "Rosenkava
lier" shows definite Wagnerian in
fluences, although in a much lighter
vein than Wagner ever was, and
Ihe orchestra, directed by Erich
Leinsdorf, brought out the typically
Strauss themes clearly and vigor
ously. The sets and staging were
elaborate in keeping with the aris
tocratic, eighteenth-century Vien
nese setting. "Der Rosenkavalier"
will be repeated Sunday afternoon,
October 27.—Adams
The first performance by the San
Francisco Opera Company of one of
the greatest modern operas, "Der
Rosenkavalier" by Richard Strauss,
Wednesday night was a masterpiece
of synthesis of Strauss' orchestra
tion, some of the world's best voices
for this opera, the staging and cos
tuming, and Hugo von Hofmann
stahl's text. The music and text of
"Rosenkavalier" itself are a syn
thesis of the romantic and the comic.
The most beautiful, romantic pas
sages are the love duet between the
17-year-old Count Octavian and his
cousin, the Marschallin von Wer
denberg at the end of the first act,
the rapturous duet at the beginning
of the second act when Octavia first
sees Sophia, the intended fiancee of
his profligate cousin Baron Ochs,
and the trio at the end of ihe third
act between the Marschallin, Oc
tavian, and Sophia after the Baron
has been disgraced and Sophia is
able to marry youthful Octavian.
LEHMANN ROMANTIC

Rise Stevens as Octavian sang and
played the character as Strauss must
have envisioned the role when he
created it. Lotte Lehmann as the
Marschallin gave the part an ele
ment of regretful, romantic pathos,

losing a lover she realizes is too
young and attractive even for the
princess and wife of a field mar
shal.
Alexander Kipnis with his clear,
full, bass voice as the Baron Ochs
supplied both the villainous and
comic elements of the opera. His
interpretation of the role was that
of an old fool after Sophia's money,
naive enough to be caught in a
double life by his enemy at love,
Octavian.
Margit Bokor, making her San
Francisco debut as Sophia, was.
somewhat weak. Walter Olitski, as
Herr von Faninal, Sophia's newly
rich father, was also making his
debut with the San Francisco Op
era Company and did so excellently.
COSTUMES ELABORATE

The orchestration of "Rosenkava
lier" shows definite Wagnerian in
fluences, although in a much lighter
vein than Wagner ever was, and
Ihe orchestra, directed by Erich
Leinsdorf, brought out the typically
Strauss themes clearly and vigor
ously. The sets and staging were
elaborate in keeping with the aris
tocratic, eighteenth-century Vien
nese setting. "Der Rosenkavalier"
will be repeated Sunday afternoon,
October 27.—Adams
The first performance by the San
Francisco Opera Company of one of
the greatest modern operas, "Der
Rosenkavalier" by Richard Strauss,
Wednesday night was a masterpiece
of synthesis of Strauss' orchestra
tion, some of the world's best voices
for this opera, the staging and cos
tuming, and Hugo von Hofmann
stahl's text. The music and text of
"Rosenkavalier" itself are a syn
thesis of the romantic and the comic.
The most beautiful, romantic pas
sages are the love duet between the
17-year-old Count Octavian and his
cousin, the Marschallin von Wer
denberg at the end of the first act,
the rapturous duet at the beginning
of the second act when Octavia first
sees Sophia, the intended fiancee of
his profligate cousin Baron Ochs,
and the trio at the end of ihe third
act between the Marschallin, Oc
tavian, and Sophia after the Baron
has been disgraced and Sophia is
able to marry youthful Octavian.
LEHMANN ROMANTIC

Rise Stevens as Octavian sang and
played the character as Strauss must
have envisioned the role when he
created it. Lotte Lehmann as the
Marschallin gave the part an ele
ment of regretful, romantic pathos,

losing a lover she realizes is too
young and attractive even for the
princess and wife of a field mar
shal.
Alexander Kipnis with his clear,
full, bass voice as the Baron Ochs
supplied both the villainous and
comic elements of the opera. His
interpretation of the role was that
of an old fool after Sophia's money,
naive enough to be caught in a
double life by his enemy at love,
Octavian.
Margit Bokor, making her San
Francisco debut as Sophia, was.
somewhat weak. Walter Olitski, as
Herr von Faninal, Sophia's newly
rich father, was also making his
debut with the San Francisco Op
era Company and did so excellently.
COSTUMES ELABORATE

The orchestration of "Rosenkava
lier" shows definite Wagnerian in
fluences, although in a much lighter
vein than Wagner ever was, and
Ihe orchestra, directed by Erich
Leinsdorf, brought out the typically
Strauss themes clearly and vigor
ously. The sets and staging were
elaborate in keeping with the aris
tocratic, eighteenth-century Vien
nese setting. "Der Rosenkavalier"
will be repeated Sunday afternoon,
October 27.—Adams
The first performance by the San
Francisco Opera Company of one of
the greatest modern operas, "Der
Rosenkavalier" by Richard Strauss,
Wednesday night was a masterpiece
of synthesis of Strauss' orchestra
tion, some of the world's best voices
for this opera, the staging and cos
tuming, and Hugo von Hofmann
stahl's text. The music and text of
"Rosenkavalier" itself are a syn
thesis of the romantic and the comic.
The most beautiful, romantic pas
sages are the love duet between the
17-year-old Count Octavian and his
cousin, the Marschallin von Wer
denberg at the end of the first act,
the rapturous duet at the beginning
of the second act when Octavia first
sees Sophia, the intended fiancee of
his profligate cousin Baron Ochs,
and the trio at the end of ihe third
act between the Marschallin, Oc
tavian, and Sophia after the Baron
has been disgraced and Sophia is
able to marry youthful Octavian.
LEHMANN ROMANTIC

Rise Stevens as Octavian sang and
played the character as Strauss must
have envisioned the role when he
created it. Lotte Lehmann as the
Marschallin gave the part an ele
ment of regretful, romantic pathos,

losing a lover she realizes is too
young and attractive even for the
princess and wife of a field mar
shal.
Alexander Kipnis with his clear,
full, bass voice as the Baron Ochs
supplied both the villainous and
comic elements of the opera. His
interpretation of the role was that
of an old fool after Sophia's money,
naive enough to be caught in a
double life by his enemy at love,
Octavian.
Margit Bokor, making her San
Francisco debut as Sophia, was.
somewhat weak. Walter Olitski, as
Herr von Faninal, Sophia's newly
rich father, was also making his
debut with the San Francisco Op
era Company and did so excellently.
COSTUMES ELABORATE

The orchestration of "Rosenkava
lier" shows definite Wagnerian in
fluences, although in a much lighter
vein than Wagner ever was, and
Ihe orchestra, directed by Erich
Leinsdorf, brought out the typically
Strauss themes clearly and vigor
ously. The sets and staging were
elaborate in keeping with the aris
tocratic, eighteenth-century Vien
nese setting. "Der Rosenkavalier"
will be repeated Sunday afternoon,
October 27.—Adams
The first performance by the San
Francisco Opera Company of one of
the greatest modern operas, "Der
Rosenkavalier" by Richard Strauss,
Wednesday night was a masterpiece
of synthesis of Strauss' orchestra
tion, some of the world's best voices
for this opera, the staging and cos
tuming, and Hugo von Hofmann
stahl's text. The music and text of
"Rosenkavalier" itself are a syn
thesis of the romantic and the comic.
The most beautiful, romantic pas
sages are the love duet between the
17-year-old Count Octavian and his
cousin, the Marschallin von Wer
denberg at the end of the first act,
the rapturous duet at the beginning
of the second act when Octavia first
sees Sophia, the intended fiancee of
his profligate cousin Baron Ochs,
and the trio at the end of ihe third
act between the Marschallin, Oc
tavian, and Sophia after the Baron
has been disgraced and Sophia is
able to marry youthful Octavian.
LEHMANN ROMANTIC

Rise Stevens as Octavian sang and
played the character as Strauss must
have envisioned the role when he
created it. Lotte Lehmann as the
Marschallin gave the part an ele
ment of regretful, romantic pathos,

losing a lover she realizes is too
young and attractive even for the
princess and wife of a field mar
shal.
Alexander Kipnis with his clear,
full, bass voice as the Baron Ochs
supplied both the villainous and
comic elements of the opera. His
interpretation of the role was that
of an old fool after Sophia's money,
naive enough to be caught in a
double life by his enemy at love,
Octavian.
Margit Bokor, making her San
Francisco debut as Sophia, was.
somewhat weak. Walter Olitski, as
Herr von Faninal, Sophia's newly
rich father, was also making his
debut with the San Francisco Op
era Company and did so excellently.
COSTUMES ELABORATE

The orchestration of "Rosenkava
lier" shows definite Wagnerian in
fluences, although in a much lighter
vein than Wagner ever was, and
Ihe orchestra, directed by Erich
Leinsdorf, brought out the typically
Strauss themes clearly and vigor
ously. The sets and staging were
elaborate in keeping with the aris
tocratic, eighteenth-century Vien
nese setting. "Der Rosenkavalier"
will be repeated Sunday afternoon,
October 27.—Adams
The first performance by the San
Francisco Opera Company of one of
the greatest modern operas, "Der
Rosenkavalier" by Richard Strauss,
Wednesday night was a masterpiece
of synthesis of Strauss' orchestra
tion, some of the world's best voices
for this opera, the staging and cos
tuming, and Hugo von Hofmann
stahl's text. The music and text of
"Rosenkavalier" itself are a syn
thesis of the romantic and the comic.
The most beautiful, romantic pas
sages are the love duet between the
17-year-old Count Octavian and his
cousin, the Marschallin von Wer
denberg at the end of the first act,
the rapturous duet at the beginning
of the second act when Octavia first
sees Sophia, the intended fiancee of
his profligate cousin Baron Ochs,
and the trio at the end of ihe third
act between the Marschallin, Oc
tavian, and Sophia after the Baron
has been disgraced and Sophia is
able to marry youthful Octavian.
LEHMANN ROMANTIC

Rise Stevens as Octavian sang and
played the character as Strauss must
have envisioned the role when he
created it. Lotte Lehmann as the
Marschallin gave the part an ele
ment of regretful, romantic pathos,

losing a lover she realizes is too
young and attractive even for the
princess and wife of a field mar
shal.
Alexander Kipnis with his clear,
full, bass voice as the Baron Ochs
supplied both the villainous and
comic elements of the opera. His
interpretation of the role was that
of an old fool after Sophia's money,
naive enough to be caught in a
double life by his enemy at love,
Octavian.
Margit Bokor, making her San
Francisco debut as Sophia, was.
somewhat weak. Walter Olitski, as
Herr von Faninal, Sophia's newly
rich father, was also making his
debut with the San Francisco Op
era Company and did so excellently.
COSTUMES ELABORATE

The orchestration of "Rosenkava
lier" shows definite Wagnerian in
fluences, although in a much lighter
vein than Wagner ever was, and
Ihe orchestra, directed by Erich
Leinsdorf, brought out the typically
Strauss themes clearly and vigor
ously. The sets and staging were
elaborate in keeping with the aris
tocratic, eighteenth-century Vien
nese setting. "Der Rosenkavalier"
will be repeated Sunday afternoon,
October 27.—Adams
The first performance by the San
Francisco Opera Company of one of
the greatest modern operas, "Der
Rosenkavalier" by Richard Strauss,
Wednesday night was a masterpiece
of synthesis of Strauss' orchestra
tion, some of the world's best voices
for this opera, the staging and cos
tuming, and Hugo von Hofmann
stahl's text. The music and text of
"Rosenkavalier" itself are a syn
thesis of the romantic and the comic.
The most beautiful, romantic pas
sages are the love duet between the
17-year-old Count Octavian and his
cousin, the Marschallin von Wer
denberg at the end of the first act,
the rapturous duet at the beginning
of the second act when Octavia first
sees Sophia, the intended fiancee of
his profligate cousin Baron Ochs,
and the trio at the end of ihe third
act between the Marschallin, Oc
tavian, and Sophia after the Baron
has been disgraced and Sophia is
able to marry youthful Octavian.
LEHMANN ROMANTIC

Rise Stevens as Octavian sang and
played the character as Strauss must
have envisioned the role when he
created it. Lotte Lehmann as the
Marschallin gave the part an ele
ment of regretful, romantic pathos,

losing a lover she realizes is too
young and attractive even for the
princess and wife of a field mar
shal.
Alexander Kipnis with his clear,
full, bass voice as the Baron Ochs
supplied both the villainous and
comic elements of the opera. His
interpretation of the role was that
of an old fool after Sophia's money,
naive enough to be caught in a
double life by his enemy at love,
Octavian.
Margit Bokor, making her San
Francisco debut as Sophia, was.
somewhat weak. Walter Olitski, as
Herr von Faninal, Sophia's newly
rich father, was also making his
debut with the San Francisco Op
era Company and did so excellently.
COSTUMES ELABORATE

The orchestration of "Rosenkava
lier" shows definite Wagnerian in
fluences, although in a much lighter
vein than Wagner ever was, and
Ihe orchestra, directed by Erich
Leinsdorf, brought out the typically
Strauss themes clearly and vigor
ously. The sets and staging were
elaborate in keeping with the aris
tocratic, eighteenth-century Vien
nese setting. "Der Rosenkavalier"
will be repeated Sunday afternoon,
October 27.—Adams
The first performance by the San
Francisco Opera Company of one of
the greatest modern operas, "Der
Rosenkavalier" by Richard Strauss,
Wednesday night was a masterpiece
of synthesis of Strauss' orchestra
tion, some of the world's best voices
for this opera, the staging and cos
tuming, and Hugo von Hofmann
stahl's text. The music and text of
"Rosenkavalier" itself are a syn
thesis of the romantic and the comic.
The most beautiful, romantic pas
sages are the love duet between the
17-year-old Count Octavian and his
cousin, the Marschallin von Wer
denberg at the end of the first act,
the rapturous duet at the beginning
of the second act when Octavia first
sees Sophia, the intended fiancee of
his profligate cousin Baron Ochs,
and the trio at the end of ihe third
act between the Marschallin, Oc
tavian, and Sophia after the Baron
has been disgraced and Sophia is
able to marry youthful Octavian.
LEHMANN ROMANTIC

Rise Stevens as Octavian sang and
played the character as Strauss must
have envisioned the role when he
created it. Lotte Lehmann as the
Marschallin gave the part an ele
ment of regretful, romantic pathos,

losing a lover she realizes is too
young and attractive even for the
princess and wife of a field mar
shal.
Alexander Kipnis with his clear,
full, bass voice as the Baron Ochs
supplied both the villainous and
comic elements of the opera. His
interpretation of the role was that
of an old fool after Sophia's money,
naive enough to be caught in a
double life by his enemy at love,
Octavian.
Margit Bokor, making her San
Francisco debut as Sophia, was.
somewhat weak. Walter Olitski, as
Herr von Faninal, Sophia's newly
rich father, was also making his
debut with the San Francisco Op
era Company and did so excellently.
COSTUMES ELABORATE

The orchestration of "Rosenkava
lier" shows definite Wagnerian in
fluences, although in a much lighter
vein than Wagner ever was, and
Ihe orchestra, directed by Erich
Leinsdorf, brought out the typically
Strauss themes clearly and vigor
ously. The sets and staging were
elaborate in keeping with the aris
tocratic, eighteenth-century Vien
nese setting. "Der Rosenkavalier"
will be repeated Sunday afternoon,
October 27.—Adams
The first performance by the San
Francisco Opera Company of one of
the greatest modern operas, "Der
Rosenkavalier" by Richard Strauss,
Wednesday night was a masterpiece
of synthesis of Strauss' orchestra
tion, some of the world's best voices
for this opera, the staging and cos
tuming, and Hugo von Hofmann
stahl's text. The music and text of
"Rosenkavalier" itself are a syn
thesis of the romantic and the comic.
The most beautiful, romantic pas
sages are the love duet between the
17-year-old Count Octavian and his
cousin, the Marschallin von Wer
denberg at the end of the first act,
the rapturous duet at the beginning
of the second act when Octavia first
sees Sophia, the intended fiancee of
his profligate cousin Baron Ochs,
and the trio at the end of ihe third
act between the Marschallin, Oc
tavian, and Sophia after the Baron
has been disgraced and Sophia is
able to marry youthful Octavian.
LEHMANN ROMANTIC

Rise Stevens as Octavian sang and
played the character as Strauss must
have envisioned the role when he
created it. Lotte Lehmann as the
Marschallin gave the part an ele
ment of regretful, romantic pathos,

losing a lover she realizes is too
young and attractive even for the
princess and wife of a field mar
shal.
Alexander Kipnis with his clear,
full, bass voice as the Baron Ochs
supplied both the villainous and
comic elements of the opera. His
interpretation of the role was that
of an old fool after Sophia's money,
naive enough to be caught in a
double life by his enemy at love,
Octavian.
Margit Bokor, making her San
Francisco debut as Sophia, was.
somewhat weak. Walter Olitski, as
Herr von Faninal, Sophia's newly
rich father, was also making his
debut with the San Francisco Op
era Company and did so excellently.
COSTUMES ELABORATE

The orchestration of "Rosenkava
lier" shows definite Wagnerian in
fluences, although in a much lighter
vein than Wagner ever was, and
Ihe orchestra, directed by Erich
Leinsdorf, brought out the typically
Strauss themes clearly and vigor
ously. The sets and staging were
elaborate in keeping with the aris
tocratic, eighteenth-century Vien
nese setting. "Der Rosenkavalier"
will be repeated Sunday afternoon,
October 27.—Adams
The first performance by the San
Francisco Opera Company of one of
the greatest modern operas, "Der
Rosenkavalier" by Richard Strauss,
Wednesday night was a masterpiece
of synthesis of Strauss' orchestra
tion, some of the world's best voices
for this opera, the staging and cos
tuming, and Hugo von Hofmann
stahl's text. The music and text of
"Rosenkavalier" itself are a syn
thesis of the romantic and the comic.
The most beautiful, romantic pas
sages are the love duet between the
17-year-old Count Octavian and his
cousin, the Marschallin von Wer
denberg at the end of the first act,
the rapturous duet at the beginning
of the second act when Octavia first
sees Sophia, the intended fiancee of
his profligate cousin Baron Ochs,
and the trio at the end of ihe third
act between the Marschallin, Oc
tavian, and Sophia after the Baron
has been disgraced and Sophia is
able to marry youthful Octavian.
LEHMANN ROMANTIC

Rise Stevens as Octavian sang and
played the character as Strauss must
have envisioned the role when he
created it. Lotte Lehmann as the
Marschallin gave the part an ele
ment of regretful, romantic pathos,

losing a lover she realizes is too
young and attractive even for the
princess and wife of a field mar
shal.
Alexander Kipnis with his clear,
full, bass voice as the Baron Ochs
supplied both the villainous and
comic elements of the opera. His
interpretation of the role was that
of an old fool after Sophia's money,
naive enough to be caught in a
double life by his enemy at love,
Octavian.
Margit Bokor, making her San
Francisco debut as Sophia, was.
somewhat weak. Walter Olitski, as
Herr von Faninal, Sophia's newly
rich father, was also making his
debut with the San Francisco Op
era Company and did so excellently.
COSTUMES ELABORATE

The orchestration of "Rosenkava
lier" shows definite Wagnerian in
fluences, although in a much lighter
vein than Wagner ever was, and
Ihe orchestra, directed by Erich
Leinsdorf, brought out the typically
Strauss themes clearly and vigor
ously. The sets and staging were
elaborate in keeping with the aris
tocratic, eighteenth-century Vien
nese setting. "Der Rosenkavalier"
will be repeated Sunday afternoon,
October 27.—Adams
The first performance by the San
Francisco Opera Company of one of
the greatest modern operas, "Der
Rosenkavalier" by Richard Strauss,
Wednesday night was a masterpiece
of synthesis of Strauss' orchestra
tion, some of the world's best voices
for this opera, the staging and cos
tuming, and Hugo von Hofmann
stahl's text. The music and text of
"Rosenkavalier" itself are a syn
thesis of the romantic and the comic.
The most beautiful, romantic pas
sages are the love duet between the
17-year-old Count Octavian and his
cousin, the Marschallin von Wer
denberg at the end of the first act,
the rapturous duet at the beginning
of the second act when Octavia first
sees Sophia, the intended fiancee of
his profligate cousin Baron Ochs,
and the trio at the end of ihe third
act between the Marschallin, Oc
tavian, and Sophia after the Baron
has been disgraced and Sophia is
able to marry youthful Octavian.
LEHMANN ROMANTIC

Rise Stevens as Octavian sang and
played the character as Strauss must
have envisioned the role when he
created it. Lotte Lehmann as the
Marschallin gave the part an ele
ment of regretful, romantic pathos,

losing a lover she realizes is too
young and attractive even for the
princess and wife of a field mar
shal.
Alexander Kipnis with his clear,
full, bass voice as the Baron Ochs
supplied both the villainous and
comic elements of the opera. His
interpretation of the role was that
of an old fool after Sophia's money,
naive enough to be caught in a
double life by his enemy at love,
Octavian.
Margit Bokor, making her San
Francisco debut as Sophia, was.
somewhat weak. Walter Olitski, as
Herr von Faninal, Sophia's newly
rich father, was also making his
debut with the San Francisco Op
era Company and did so excellently.
COSTUMES ELABORATE

The orchestration of "Rosenkava
lier" shows definite Wagnerian in
fluences, although in a much lighter
vein than Wagner ever was, and
Ihe orchestra, directed by Erich
Leinsdorf, brought out the typically
Strauss themes clearly and vigor
ously. The sets and staging were
elaborate in keeping with the aris
tocratic, eighteenth-century Vien
nese setting. "Der Rosenkavalier"
will be repeated Sunday afternoon,
October 27.—Adams
The first performance by the San
Francisco Opera Company of one of
the greatest modern operas, "Der
Rosenkavalier" by Richard Strauss,
Wednesday night was a masterpiece
of synthesis of Strauss' orchestra
tion, some of the world's best voices
for this opera, the staging and cos
tuming, and Hugo von Hofmann
stahl's text. The music and text of
"Rosenkavalier" itself are a syn
thesis of the romantic and the comic.
The most beautiful, romantic pas
sages are the love duet between the
17-year-old Count Octavian and his
cousin, the Marschallin von Wer
denberg at the end of the first act,
the rapturous duet at the beginning
of the second act when Octavia first
sees Sophia, the intended fiancee of
his profligate cousin Baron Ochs,
and the trio at the end of ihe third
act between the Marschallin, Oc
tavian, and Sophia after the Baron
has been disgraced and Sophia is
able to marry youthful Octavian.
LEHMANN ROMANTIC

Rise Stevens as Octavian sang and
played the character as Strauss must
have envisioned the role when he
created it. Lotte Lehmann as the
Marschallin gave the part an ele
ment of regretful, romantic pathos,

losing a lover she realizes is too
young and attractive even for the
princess and wife of a field mar
shal.
Alexander Kipnis with his clear,
full, bass voice as the Baron Ochs
supplied both the villainous and
comic elements of the opera. His
interpretation of the role was that
of an old fool after Sophia's money,
naive enough to be caught in a
double life by his enemy at love,
Octavian.
Margit Bokor, making her San
Francisco debut as Sophia, was.
somewhat weak. Walter Olitski, as
Herr von Faninal, Sophia's newly
rich father, was also making his
debut with the San Francisco Op
era Company and did so excellently.
COSTUMES ELABORATE

The orchestration of "Rosenkava
lier" shows definite Wagnerian in
fluences, although in a much lighter
vein than Wagner ever was, and
Ihe orchestra, directed by Erich
Leinsdorf, brought out the typically
Strauss themes clearly and vigor
ously. The sets and staging were
elaborate in keeping with the aris
tocratic, eighteenth-century Vien
nese setting. "Der Rosenkavalier"
will be repeated Sunday afternoon,
October 27.—Adams
