# Bookstore Begins New Rebate Plan
## 
### 
The Stanford Bookstore has insti
gated a different system of student
profit-sharing this year whereby the
student keeps his own cash register
receipts and turns Jthem in at the j
end of the school year.

Under the new system, the receipts I
will be placed in special envelopes J
provided by the Bookstore to be i
turned in on or before Mav 15, 1941.
On the lront of the profit-sharing j
envelope is a place to list receipts
as to date and amoynt, and total the
purchases before turning them in.

Rebates will be made on or before
June 1. the amount, to be determined
by the profits made and the number
of slips turned in. Last year the
store paid 5 per cent. Students leav
ing the University may deposit the
envelopes with the Bookstore and
checks will be mailed to them if self
addressed stamped envelopes are left
for that purpose.
The Stanford Bookstore has insti
gated a different system of student
profit-sharing this year whereby the
student keeps his own cash register
receipts and turns Jthem in at the j
end of the school year.

Under the new system, the receipts I
will be placed in special envelopes J
provided by the Bookstore to be i
turned in on or before Mav 15, 1941.
On the lront of the profit-sharing j
envelope is a place to list receipts
as to date and amoynt, and total the
purchases before turning them in.

Rebates will be made on or before
June 1. the amount, to be determined
by the profits made and the number
of slips turned in. Last year the
store paid 5 per cent. Students leav
ing the University may deposit the
envelopes with the Bookstore and
checks will be mailed to them if self
addressed stamped envelopes are left
for that purpose.
The Stanford Bookstore has insti
gated a different system of student
profit-sharing this year whereby the
student keeps his own cash register
receipts and turns Jthem in at the j
end of the school year.

Under the new system, the receipts I
will be placed in special envelopes J
provided by the Bookstore to be i
turned in on or before Mav 15, 1941.
On the lront of the profit-sharing j
envelope is a place to list receipts
as to date and amoynt, and total the
purchases before turning them in.

Rebates will be made on or before
June 1. the amount, to be determined
by the profits made and the number
of slips turned in. Last year the
store paid 5 per cent. Students leav
ing the University may deposit the
envelopes with the Bookstore and
checks will be mailed to them if self
addressed stamped envelopes are left
for that purpose.
The Stanford Bookstore has insti
gated a different system of student
profit-sharing this year whereby the
student keeps his own cash register
receipts and turns Jthem in at the j
end of the school year.

Under the new system, the receipts I
will be placed in special envelopes J
provided by the Bookstore to be i
turned in on or before Mav 15, 1941.
On the lront of the profit-sharing j
envelope is a place to list receipts
as to date and amoynt, and total the
purchases before turning them in.

Rebates will be made on or before
June 1. the amount, to be determined
by the profits made and the number
of slips turned in. Last year the
store paid 5 per cent. Students leav
ing the University may deposit the
envelopes with the Bookstore and
checks will be mailed to them if self
addressed stamped envelopes are left
for that purpose.
The Stanford Bookstore has insti
gated a different system of student
profit-sharing this year whereby the
student keeps his own cash register
receipts and turns Jthem in at the j
end of the school year.

Under the new system, the receipts I
will be placed in special envelopes J
provided by the Bookstore to be i
turned in on or before Mav 15, 1941.
On the lront of the profit-sharing j
envelope is a place to list receipts
as to date and amoynt, and total the
purchases before turning them in.

Rebates will be made on or before
June 1. the amount, to be determined
by the profits made and the number
of slips turned in. Last year the
store paid 5 per cent. Students leav
ing the University may deposit the
envelopes with the Bookstore and
checks will be mailed to them if self
addressed stamped envelopes are left
for that purpose.
The Stanford Bookstore has insti
gated a different system of student
profit-sharing this year whereby the
student keeps his own cash register
receipts and turns Jthem in at the j
end of the school year.

Under the new system, the receipts I
will be placed in special envelopes J
provided by the Bookstore to be i
turned in on or before Mav 15, 1941.
On the lront of the profit-sharing j
envelope is a place to list receipts
as to date and amoynt, and total the
purchases before turning them in.

Rebates will be made on or before
June 1. the amount, to be determined
by the profits made and the number
of slips turned in. Last year the
store paid 5 per cent. Students leav
ing the University may deposit the
envelopes with the Bookstore and
checks will be mailed to them if self
addressed stamped envelopes are left
for that purpose.
The Stanford Bookstore has insti
gated a different system of student
profit-sharing this year whereby the
student keeps his own cash register
receipts and turns Jthem in at the j
end of the school year.

Under the new system, the receipts I
will be placed in special envelopes J
provided by the Bookstore to be i
turned in on or before Mav 15, 1941.
On the lront of the profit-sharing j
envelope is a place to list receipts
as to date and amoynt, and total the
purchases before turning them in.

Rebates will be made on or before
June 1. the amount, to be determined
by the profits made and the number
of slips turned in. Last year the
store paid 5 per cent. Students leav
ing the University may deposit the
envelopes with the Bookstore and
checks will be mailed to them if self
addressed stamped envelopes are left
for that purpose.
The Stanford Bookstore has insti
gated a different system of student
profit-sharing this year whereby the
student keeps his own cash register
receipts and turns Jthem in at the j
end of the school year.

Under the new system, the receipts I
will be placed in special envelopes J
provided by the Bookstore to be i
turned in on or before Mav 15, 1941.
On the lront of the profit-sharing j
envelope is a place to list receipts
as to date and amoynt, and total the
purchases before turning them in.

Rebates will be made on or before
June 1. the amount, to be determined
by the profits made and the number
of slips turned in. Last year the
store paid 5 per cent. Students leav
ing the University may deposit the
envelopes with the Bookstore and
checks will be mailed to them if self
addressed stamped envelopes are left
for that purpose.
The Stanford Bookstore has insti
gated a different system of student
profit-sharing this year whereby the
student keeps his own cash register
receipts and turns Jthem in at the j
end of the school year.

Under the new system, the receipts I
will be placed in special envelopes J
provided by the Bookstore to be i
turned in on or before Mav 15, 1941.
On the lront of the profit-sharing j
envelope is a place to list receipts
as to date and amoynt, and total the
purchases before turning them in.

Rebates will be made on or before
June 1. the amount, to be determined
by the profits made and the number
of slips turned in. Last year the
store paid 5 per cent. Students leav
ing the University may deposit the
envelopes with the Bookstore and
checks will be mailed to them if self
addressed stamped envelopes are left
for that purpose.
The Stanford Bookstore has insti
gated a different system of student
profit-sharing this year whereby the
student keeps his own cash register
receipts and turns Jthem in at the j
end of the school year.

Under the new system, the receipts I
will be placed in special envelopes J
provided by the Bookstore to be i
turned in on or before Mav 15, 1941.
On the lront of the profit-sharing j
envelope is a place to list receipts
as to date and amoynt, and total the
purchases before turning them in.

Rebates will be made on or before
June 1. the amount, to be determined
by the profits made and the number
of slips turned in. Last year the
store paid 5 per cent. Students leav
ing the University may deposit the
envelopes with the Bookstore and
checks will be mailed to them if self
addressed stamped envelopes are left
for that purpose.
The Stanford Bookstore has insti
gated a different system of student
profit-sharing this year whereby the
student keeps his own cash register
receipts and turns Jthem in at the j
end of the school year.

Under the new system, the receipts I
will be placed in special envelopes J
provided by the Bookstore to be i
turned in on or before Mav 15, 1941.
On the lront of the profit-sharing j
envelope is a place to list receipts
as to date and amoynt, and total the
purchases before turning them in.

Rebates will be made on or before
June 1. the amount, to be determined
by the profits made and the number
of slips turned in. Last year the
store paid 5 per cent. Students leav
ing the University may deposit the
envelopes with the Bookstore and
checks will be mailed to them if self
addressed stamped envelopes are left
for that purpose.
The Stanford Bookstore has insti
gated a different system of student
profit-sharing this year whereby the
student keeps his own cash register
receipts and turns Jthem in at the j
end of the school year.

Under the new system, the receipts I
will be placed in special envelopes J
provided by the Bookstore to be i
turned in on or before Mav 15, 1941.
On the lront of the profit-sharing j
envelope is a place to list receipts
as to date and amoynt, and total the
purchases before turning them in.

Rebates will be made on or before
June 1. the amount, to be determined
by the profits made and the number
of slips turned in. Last year the
store paid 5 per cent. Students leav
ing the University may deposit the
envelopes with the Bookstore and
checks will be mailed to them if self
addressed stamped envelopes are left
for that purpose.
The Stanford Bookstore has insti
gated a different system of student
profit-sharing this year whereby the
student keeps his own cash register
receipts and turns Jthem in at the j
end of the school year.

Under the new system, the receipts I
will be placed in special envelopes J
provided by the Bookstore to be i
turned in on or before Mav 15, 1941.
On the lront of the profit-sharing j
envelope is a place to list receipts
as to date and amoynt, and total the
purchases before turning them in.

Rebates will be made on or before
June 1. the amount, to be determined
by the profits made and the number
of slips turned in. Last year the
store paid 5 per cent. Students leav
ing the University may deposit the
envelopes with the Bookstore and
checks will be mailed to them if self
addressed stamped envelopes are left
for that purpose.
The Stanford Bookstore has insti
gated a different system of student
profit-sharing this year whereby the
student keeps his own cash register
receipts and turns Jthem in at the j
end of the school year.

Under the new system, the receipts I
will be placed in special envelopes J
provided by the Bookstore to be i
turned in on or before Mav 15, 1941.
On the lront of the profit-sharing j
envelope is a place to list receipts
as to date and amoynt, and total the
purchases before turning them in.

Rebates will be made on or before
June 1. the amount, to be determined
by the profits made and the number
of slips turned in. Last year the
store paid 5 per cent. Students leav
ing the University may deposit the
envelopes with the Bookstore and
checks will be mailed to them if self
addressed stamped envelopes are left
for that purpose.
The Stanford Bookstore has insti
gated a different system of student
profit-sharing this year whereby the
student keeps his own cash register
receipts and turns Jthem in at the j
end of the school year.

Under the new system, the receipts I
will be placed in special envelopes J
provided by the Bookstore to be i
turned in on or before Mav 15, 1941.
On the lront of the profit-sharing j
envelope is a place to list receipts
as to date and amoynt, and total the
purchases before turning them in.

Rebates will be made on or before
June 1. the amount, to be determined
by the profits made and the number
of slips turned in. Last year the
store paid 5 per cent. Students leav
ing the University may deposit the
envelopes with the Bookstore and
checks will be mailed to them if self
addressed stamped envelopes are left
for that purpose.
The Stanford Bookstore has insti
gated a different system of student
profit-sharing this year whereby the
student keeps his own cash register
receipts and turns Jthem in at the j
end of the school year.

Under the new system, the receipts I
will be placed in special envelopes J
provided by the Bookstore to be i
turned in on or before Mav 15, 1941.
On the lront of the profit-sharing j
envelope is a place to list receipts
as to date and amoynt, and total the
purchases before turning them in.

Rebates will be made on or before
June 1. the amount, to be determined
by the profits made and the number
of slips turned in. Last year the
store paid 5 per cent. Students leav
ing the University may deposit the
envelopes with the Bookstore and
checks will be mailed to them if self
addressed stamped envelopes are left
for that purpose.
The Stanford Bookstore has insti
gated a different system of student
profit-sharing this year whereby the
student keeps his own cash register
receipts and turns Jthem in at the j
end of the school year.

Under the new system, the receipts I
will be placed in special envelopes J
provided by the Bookstore to be i
turned in on or before Mav 15, 1941.
On the lront of the profit-sharing j
envelope is a place to list receipts
as to date and amoynt, and total the
purchases before turning them in.

Rebates will be made on or before
June 1. the amount, to be determined
by the profits made and the number
of slips turned in. Last year the
store paid 5 per cent. Students leav
ing the University may deposit the
envelopes with the Bookstore and
checks will be mailed to them if self
addressed stamped envelopes are left
for that purpose.
