# Century 21 Series
## Talk On Future Of Species 
### 
Dr. S. P. R. Charter, professor
and author, will give tonight's
Century 21 lecture on "The
Physical Environment of Man"
at 7:30 in Tresidder's laige
lounge.
In his speech he will discuss
the challenge of man's present
and his future as a viable
species.
Charter is the editor and pub
lisher of "Man on Earth," a
periodical of writings on human
ecology.
Of this publication, Art Hoppe
said, it "not only contains a
thoughtful approach to the
grave problems we face, but
most of the thought is highly
original. And, if there is one
thing that is most precious in
these days, it is original think
ing."
At the request of the Popula
tion Reference Bureau in Wash
ington, D.C., he has recently
written a book, "For Unto Us
a Child is Born," an overview of

population pressures which is
based on his essays in "Man on
Earth."
This book, not available until
April 15th, has already been ac
cepted for course work by 37
colleges and universities.
Charter is presently a visiting
professor in the School of En
gineering at San Jose State Col
lege. He teaches a course he
helped originate there three
years ago, "Cybernation and
Man."
On April 16th, Charter will
give the keynote address at a
conference sponsored by the
University of Santa Clara's Cen
ter for the Study of Contempor
ary Values. He will also be a
scholar-in-residence there for
six weeks beginning April 24th.
Dr. Charter is a physicist who,
twenty-tree years ago, began to
devote himself to the envelop
ing subject of human ecology.


DR. S.P.K. CHARTER
Dr. S. P. R. Charter, professor
and author, will give tonight's
Century 21 lecture on "The
Physical Environment of Man"
at 7:30 in Tresidder's laige
lounge.
In his speech he will discuss
the challenge of man's present
and his future as a viable
species.
Charter is the editor and pub
lisher of "Man on Earth," a
periodical of writings on human
ecology.
Of this publication, Art Hoppe
said, it "not only contains a
thoughtful approach to the
grave problems we face, but
most of the thought is highly
original. And, if there is one
thing that is most precious in
these days, it is original think
ing."
At the request of the Popula
tion Reference Bureau in Wash
ington, D.C., he has recently
written a book, "For Unto Us
a Child is Born," an overview of

population pressures which is
based on his essays in "Man on
Earth."
This book, not available until
April 15th, has already been ac
cepted for course work by 37
colleges and universities.
Charter is presently a visiting
professor in the School of En
gineering at San Jose State Col
lege. He teaches a course he
helped originate there three
years ago, "Cybernation and
Man."
On April 16th, Charter will
give the keynote address at a
conference sponsored by the
University of Santa Clara's Cen
ter for the Study of Contempor
ary Values. He will also be a
scholar-in-residence there for
six weeks beginning April 24th.
Dr. Charter is a physicist who,
twenty-tree years ago, began to
devote himself to the envelop
ing subject of human ecology.


DR. S.P.K. CHARTER
Dr. S. P. R. Charter, professor
and author, will give tonight's
Century 21 lecture on "The
Physical Environment of Man"
at 7:30 in Tresidder's laige
lounge.
In his speech he will discuss
the challenge of man's present
and his future as a viable
species.
Charter is the editor and pub
lisher of "Man on Earth," a
periodical of writings on human
ecology.
Of this publication, Art Hoppe
said, it "not only contains a
thoughtful approach to the
grave problems we face, but
most of the thought is highly
original. And, if there is one
thing that is most precious in
these days, it is original think
ing."
At the request of the Popula
tion Reference Bureau in Wash
ington, D.C., he has recently
written a book, "For Unto Us
a Child is Born," an overview of

population pressures which is
based on his essays in "Man on
Earth."
This book, not available until
April 15th, has already been ac
cepted for course work by 37
colleges and universities.
Charter is presently a visiting
professor in the School of En
gineering at San Jose State Col
lege. He teaches a course he
helped originate there three
years ago, "Cybernation and
Man."
On April 16th, Charter will
give the keynote address at a
conference sponsored by the
University of Santa Clara's Cen
ter for the Study of Contempor
ary Values. He will also be a
scholar-in-residence there for
six weeks beginning April 24th.
Dr. Charter is a physicist who,
twenty-tree years ago, began to
devote himself to the envelop
ing subject of human ecology.


DR. S.P.K. CHARTER
Dr. S. P. R. Charter, professor
and author, will give tonight's
Century 21 lecture on "The
Physical Environment of Man"
at 7:30 in Tresidder's laige
lounge.
In his speech he will discuss
the challenge of man's present
and his future as a viable
species.
Charter is the editor and pub
lisher of "Man on Earth," a
periodical of writings on human
ecology.
Of this publication, Art Hoppe
said, it "not only contains a
thoughtful approach to the
grave problems we face, but
most of the thought is highly
original. And, if there is one
thing that is most precious in
these days, it is original think
ing."
At the request of the Popula
tion Reference Bureau in Wash
ington, D.C., he has recently
written a book, "For Unto Us
a Child is Born," an overview of

population pressures which is
based on his essays in "Man on
Earth."
This book, not available until
April 15th, has already been ac
cepted for course work by 37
colleges and universities.
Charter is presently a visiting
professor in the School of En
gineering at San Jose State Col
lege. He teaches a course he
helped originate there three
years ago, "Cybernation and
Man."
On April 16th, Charter will
give the keynote address at a
conference sponsored by the
University of Santa Clara's Cen
ter for the Study of Contempor
ary Values. He will also be a
scholar-in-residence there for
six weeks beginning April 24th.
Dr. Charter is a physicist who,
twenty-tree years ago, began to
devote himself to the envelop
ing subject of human ecology.


DR. S.P.K. CHARTER
Dr. S. P. R. Charter, professor
and author, will give tonight's
Century 21 lecture on "The
Physical Environment of Man"
at 7:30 in Tresidder's laige
lounge.
In his speech he will discuss
the challenge of man's present
and his future as a viable
species.
Charter is the editor and pub
lisher of "Man on Earth," a
periodical of writings on human
ecology.
Of this publication, Art Hoppe
said, it "not only contains a
thoughtful approach to the
grave problems we face, but
most of the thought is highly
original. And, if there is one
thing that is most precious in
these days, it is original think
ing."
At the request of the Popula
tion Reference Bureau in Wash
ington, D.C., he has recently
written a book, "For Unto Us
a Child is Born," an overview of

population pressures which is
based on his essays in "Man on
Earth."
This book, not available until
April 15th, has already been ac
cepted for course work by 37
colleges and universities.
Charter is presently a visiting
professor in the School of En
gineering at San Jose State Col
lege. He teaches a course he
helped originate there three
years ago, "Cybernation and
Man."
On April 16th, Charter will
give the keynote address at a
conference sponsored by the
University of Santa Clara's Cen
ter for the Study of Contempor
ary Values. He will also be a
scholar-in-residence there for
six weeks beginning April 24th.
Dr. Charter is a physicist who,
twenty-tree years ago, began to
devote himself to the envelop
ing subject of human ecology.


DR. S.P.K. CHARTER
Dr. S. P. R. Charter, professor
and author, will give tonight's
Century 21 lecture on "The
Physical Environment of Man"
at 7:30 in Tresidder's laige
lounge.
In his speech he will discuss
the challenge of man's present
and his future as a viable
species.
Charter is the editor and pub
lisher of "Man on Earth," a
periodical of writings on human
ecology.
Of this publication, Art Hoppe
said, it "not only contains a
thoughtful approach to the
grave problems we face, but
most of the thought is highly
original. And, if there is one
thing that is most precious in
these days, it is original think
ing."
At the request of the Popula
tion Reference Bureau in Wash
ington, D.C., he has recently
written a book, "For Unto Us
a Child is Born," an overview of

population pressures which is
based on his essays in "Man on
Earth."
This book, not available until
April 15th, has already been ac
cepted for course work by 37
colleges and universities.
Charter is presently a visiting
professor in the School of En
gineering at San Jose State Col
lege. He teaches a course he
helped originate there three
years ago, "Cybernation and
Man."
On April 16th, Charter will
give the keynote address at a
conference sponsored by the
University of Santa Clara's Cen
ter for the Study of Contempor
ary Values. He will also be a
scholar-in-residence there for
six weeks beginning April 24th.
Dr. Charter is a physicist who,
twenty-tree years ago, began to
devote himself to the envelop
ing subject of human ecology.


DR. S.P.K. CHARTER
Dr. S. P. R. Charter, professor
and author, will give tonight's
Century 21 lecture on "The
Physical Environment of Man"
at 7:30 in Tresidder's laige
lounge.
In his speech he will discuss
the challenge of man's present
and his future as a viable
species.
Charter is the editor and pub
lisher of "Man on Earth," a
periodical of writings on human
ecology.
Of this publication, Art Hoppe
said, it "not only contains a
thoughtful approach to the
grave problems we face, but
most of the thought is highly
original. And, if there is one
thing that is most precious in
these days, it is original think
ing."
At the request of the Popula
tion Reference Bureau in Wash
ington, D.C., he has recently
written a book, "For Unto Us
a Child is Born," an overview of

population pressures which is
based on his essays in "Man on
Earth."
This book, not available until
April 15th, has already been ac
cepted for course work by 37
colleges and universities.
Charter is presently a visiting
professor in the School of En
gineering at San Jose State Col
lege. He teaches a course he
helped originate there three
years ago, "Cybernation and
Man."
On April 16th, Charter will
give the keynote address at a
conference sponsored by the
University of Santa Clara's Cen
ter for the Study of Contempor
ary Values. He will also be a
scholar-in-residence there for
six weeks beginning April 24th.
Dr. Charter is a physicist who,
twenty-tree years ago, began to
devote himself to the envelop
ing subject of human ecology.


DR. S.P.K. CHARTER
Dr. S. P. R. Charter, professor
and author, will give tonight's
Century 21 lecture on "The
Physical Environment of Man"
at 7:30 in Tresidder's laige
lounge.
In his speech he will discuss
the challenge of man's present
and his future as a viable
species.
Charter is the editor and pub
lisher of "Man on Earth," a
periodical of writings on human
ecology.
Of this publication, Art Hoppe
said, it "not only contains a
thoughtful approach to the
grave problems we face, but
most of the thought is highly
original. And, if there is one
thing that is most precious in
these days, it is original think
ing."
At the request of the Popula
tion Reference Bureau in Wash
ington, D.C., he has recently
written a book, "For Unto Us
a Child is Born," an overview of

population pressures which is
based on his essays in "Man on
Earth."
This book, not available until
April 15th, has already been ac
cepted for course work by 37
colleges and universities.
Charter is presently a visiting
professor in the School of En
gineering at San Jose State Col
lege. He teaches a course he
helped originate there three
years ago, "Cybernation and
Man."
On April 16th, Charter will
give the keynote address at a
conference sponsored by the
University of Santa Clara's Cen
ter for the Study of Contempor
ary Values. He will also be a
scholar-in-residence there for
six weeks beginning April 24th.
Dr. Charter is a physicist who,
twenty-tree years ago, began to
devote himself to the envelop
ing subject of human ecology.


DR. S.P.K. CHARTER
Dr. S. P. R. Charter, professor
and author, will give tonight's
Century 21 lecture on "The
Physical Environment of Man"
at 7:30 in Tresidder's laige
lounge.
In his speech he will discuss
the challenge of man's present
and his future as a viable
species.
Charter is the editor and pub
lisher of "Man on Earth," a
periodical of writings on human
ecology.
Of this publication, Art Hoppe
said, it "not only contains a
thoughtful approach to the
grave problems we face, but
most of the thought is highly
original. And, if there is one
thing that is most precious in
these days, it is original think
ing."
At the request of the Popula
tion Reference Bureau in Wash
ington, D.C., he has recently
written a book, "For Unto Us
a Child is Born," an overview of

population pressures which is
based on his essays in "Man on
Earth."
This book, not available until
April 15th, has already been ac
cepted for course work by 37
colleges and universities.
Charter is presently a visiting
professor in the School of En
gineering at San Jose State Col
lege. He teaches a course he
helped originate there three
years ago, "Cybernation and
Man."
On April 16th, Charter will
give the keynote address at a
conference sponsored by the
University of Santa Clara's Cen
ter for the Study of Contempor
ary Values. He will also be a
scholar-in-residence there for
six weeks beginning April 24th.
Dr. Charter is a physicist who,
twenty-tree years ago, began to
devote himself to the envelop
ing subject of human ecology.


DR. S.P.K. CHARTER
Dr. S. P. R. Charter, professor
and author, will give tonight's
Century 21 lecture on "The
Physical Environment of Man"
at 7:30 in Tresidder's laige
lounge.
In his speech he will discuss
the challenge of man's present
and his future as a viable
species.
Charter is the editor and pub
lisher of "Man on Earth," a
periodical of writings on human
ecology.
Of this publication, Art Hoppe
said, it "not only contains a
thoughtful approach to the
grave problems we face, but
most of the thought is highly
original. And, if there is one
thing that is most precious in
these days, it is original think
ing."
At the request of the Popula
tion Reference Bureau in Wash
ington, D.C., he has recently
written a book, "For Unto Us
a Child is Born," an overview of

population pressures which is
based on his essays in "Man on
Earth."
This book, not available until
April 15th, has already been ac
cepted for course work by 37
colleges and universities.
Charter is presently a visiting
professor in the School of En
gineering at San Jose State Col
lege. He teaches a course he
helped originate there three
years ago, "Cybernation and
Man."
On April 16th, Charter will
give the keynote address at a
conference sponsored by the
University of Santa Clara's Cen
ter for the Study of Contempor
ary Values. He will also be a
scholar-in-residence there for
six weeks beginning April 24th.
Dr. Charter is a physicist who,
twenty-tree years ago, began to
devote himself to the envelop
ing subject of human ecology.


DR. S.P.K. CHARTER
Dr. S. P. R. Charter, professor
and author, will give tonight's
Century 21 lecture on "The
Physical Environment of Man"
at 7:30 in Tresidder's laige
lounge.
In his speech he will discuss
the challenge of man's present
and his future as a viable
species.
Charter is the editor and pub
lisher of "Man on Earth," a
periodical of writings on human
ecology.
Of this publication, Art Hoppe
said, it "not only contains a
thoughtful approach to the
grave problems we face, but
most of the thought is highly
original. And, if there is one
thing that is most precious in
these days, it is original think
ing."
At the request of the Popula
tion Reference Bureau in Wash
ington, D.C., he has recently
written a book, "For Unto Us
a Child is Born," an overview of

population pressures which is
based on his essays in "Man on
Earth."
This book, not available until
April 15th, has already been ac
cepted for course work by 37
colleges and universities.
Charter is presently a visiting
professor in the School of En
gineering at San Jose State Col
lege. He teaches a course he
helped originate there three
years ago, "Cybernation and
Man."
On April 16th, Charter will
give the keynote address at a
conference sponsored by the
University of Santa Clara's Cen
ter for the Study of Contempor
ary Values. He will also be a
scholar-in-residence there for
six weeks beginning April 24th.
Dr. Charter is a physicist who,
twenty-tree years ago, began to
devote himself to the envelop
ing subject of human ecology.


DR. S.P.K. CHARTER
Dr. S. P. R. Charter, professor
and author, will give tonight's
Century 21 lecture on "The
Physical Environment of Man"
at 7:30 in Tresidder's laige
lounge.
In his speech he will discuss
the challenge of man's present
and his future as a viable
species.
Charter is the editor and pub
lisher of "Man on Earth," a
periodical of writings on human
ecology.
Of this publication, Art Hoppe
said, it "not only contains a
thoughtful approach to the
grave problems we face, but
most of the thought is highly
original. And, if there is one
thing that is most precious in
these days, it is original think
ing."
At the request of the Popula
tion Reference Bureau in Wash
ington, D.C., he has recently
written a book, "For Unto Us
a Child is Born," an overview of

population pressures which is
based on his essays in "Man on
Earth."
This book, not available until
April 15th, has already been ac
cepted for course work by 37
colleges and universities.
Charter is presently a visiting
professor in the School of En
gineering at San Jose State Col
lege. He teaches a course he
helped originate there three
years ago, "Cybernation and
Man."
On April 16th, Charter will
give the keynote address at a
conference sponsored by the
University of Santa Clara's Cen
ter for the Study of Contempor
ary Values. He will also be a
scholar-in-residence there for
six weeks beginning April 24th.
Dr. Charter is a physicist who,
twenty-tree years ago, began to
devote himself to the envelop
ing subject of human ecology.


DR. S.P.K. CHARTER
Dr. S. P. R. Charter, professor
and author, will give tonight's
Century 21 lecture on "The
Physical Environment of Man"
at 7:30 in Tresidder's laige
lounge.
In his speech he will discuss
the challenge of man's present
and his future as a viable
species.
Charter is the editor and pub
lisher of "Man on Earth," a
periodical of writings on human
ecology.
Of this publication, Art Hoppe
said, it "not only contains a
thoughtful approach to the
grave problems we face, but
most of the thought is highly
original. And, if there is one
thing that is most precious in
these days, it is original think
ing."
At the request of the Popula
tion Reference Bureau in Wash
ington, D.C., he has recently
written a book, "For Unto Us
a Child is Born," an overview of

population pressures which is
based on his essays in "Man on
Earth."
This book, not available until
April 15th, has already been ac
cepted for course work by 37
colleges and universities.
Charter is presently a visiting
professor in the School of En
gineering at San Jose State Col
lege. He teaches a course he
helped originate there three
years ago, "Cybernation and
Man."
On April 16th, Charter will
give the keynote address at a
conference sponsored by the
University of Santa Clara's Cen
ter for the Study of Contempor
ary Values. He will also be a
scholar-in-residence there for
six weeks beginning April 24th.
Dr. Charter is a physicist who,
twenty-tree years ago, began to
devote himself to the envelop
ing subject of human ecology.


DR. S.P.K. CHARTER
Dr. S. P. R. Charter, professor
and author, will give tonight's
Century 21 lecture on "The
Physical Environment of Man"
at 7:30 in Tresidder's laige
lounge.
In his speech he will discuss
the challenge of man's present
and his future as a viable
species.
Charter is the editor and pub
lisher of "Man on Earth," a
periodical of writings on human
ecology.
Of this publication, Art Hoppe
said, it "not only contains a
thoughtful approach to the
grave problems we face, but
most of the thought is highly
original. And, if there is one
thing that is most precious in
these days, it is original think
ing."
At the request of the Popula
tion Reference Bureau in Wash
ington, D.C., he has recently
written a book, "For Unto Us
a Child is Born," an overview of

population pressures which is
based on his essays in "Man on
Earth."
This book, not available until
April 15th, has already been ac
cepted for course work by 37
colleges and universities.
Charter is presently a visiting
professor in the School of En
gineering at San Jose State Col
lege. He teaches a course he
helped originate there three
years ago, "Cybernation and
Man."
On April 16th, Charter will
give the keynote address at a
conference sponsored by the
University of Santa Clara's Cen
ter for the Study of Contempor
ary Values. He will also be a
scholar-in-residence there for
six weeks beginning April 24th.
Dr. Charter is a physicist who,
twenty-tree years ago, began to
devote himself to the envelop
ing subject of human ecology.


DR. S.P.K. CHARTER
Dr. S. P. R. Charter, professor
and author, will give tonight's
Century 21 lecture on "The
Physical Environment of Man"
at 7:30 in Tresidder's laige
lounge.
In his speech he will discuss
the challenge of man's present
and his future as a viable
species.
Charter is the editor and pub
lisher of "Man on Earth," a
periodical of writings on human
ecology.
Of this publication, Art Hoppe
said, it "not only contains a
thoughtful approach to the
grave problems we face, but
most of the thought is highly
original. And, if there is one
thing that is most precious in
these days, it is original think
ing."
At the request of the Popula
tion Reference Bureau in Wash
ington, D.C., he has recently
written a book, "For Unto Us
a Child is Born," an overview of

population pressures which is
based on his essays in "Man on
Earth."
This book, not available until
April 15th, has already been ac
cepted for course work by 37
colleges and universities.
Charter is presently a visiting
professor in the School of En
gineering at San Jose State Col
lege. He teaches a course he
helped originate there three
years ago, "Cybernation and
Man."
On April 16th, Charter will
give the keynote address at a
conference sponsored by the
University of Santa Clara's Cen
ter for the Study of Contempor
ary Values. He will also be a
scholar-in-residence there for
six weeks beginning April 24th.
Dr. Charter is a physicist who,
twenty-tree years ago, began to
devote himself to the envelop
ing subject of human ecology.


DR. S.P.K. CHARTER
