# Charity Drive Donations Lag
## 
### 
Today is the last day of the
ASSU-iponsired relief drive to re
imburse the Floating Fund.
Contributions so far are below the
expected goal of 50 cents per per
son. Because during the regular
year the relief drives are for spe
cific purposes, the Floating Fund,
which is used for several small
charities, is depleted.
Since this relief drive is the only
one in the quarter, and only one
half as much is being asked per
student as usual, Bill Otterson, co
chairman with Lisa Thacker, urges
each person to contribute.
Tables will be set up in front of
the Cellar and at the History corner
for donations. Solicitors for the
dorms are asked to turn in their
collections to the ASSU office this
afternoon.
Sharon Coffey, Elinore Seamen,
Nancy Iseman, and Jean Rogers are
also serving on the committee.
Today is the last day of the
ASSU-iponsired relief drive to re
imburse the Floating Fund.
Contributions so far are below the
expected goal of 50 cents per per
son. Because during the regular
year the relief drives are for spe
cific purposes, the Floating Fund,
which is used for several small
charities, is depleted.
Since this relief drive is the only
one in the quarter, and only one
half as much is being asked per
student as usual, Bill Otterson, co
chairman with Lisa Thacker, urges
each person to contribute.
Tables will be set up in front of
the Cellar and at the History corner
for donations. Solicitors for the
dorms are asked to turn in their
collections to the ASSU office this
afternoon.
Sharon Coffey, Elinore Seamen,
Nancy Iseman, and Jean Rogers are
also serving on the committee.
Today is the last day of the
ASSU-iponsired relief drive to re
imburse the Floating Fund.
Contributions so far are below the
expected goal of 50 cents per per
son. Because during the regular
year the relief drives are for spe
cific purposes, the Floating Fund,
which is used for several small
charities, is depleted.
Since this relief drive is the only
one in the quarter, and only one
half as much is being asked per
student as usual, Bill Otterson, co
chairman with Lisa Thacker, urges
each person to contribute.
Tables will be set up in front of
the Cellar and at the History corner
for donations. Solicitors for the
dorms are asked to turn in their
collections to the ASSU office this
afternoon.
Sharon Coffey, Elinore Seamen,
Nancy Iseman, and Jean Rogers are
also serving on the committee.
Today is the last day of the
ASSU-iponsired relief drive to re
imburse the Floating Fund.
Contributions so far are below the
expected goal of 50 cents per per
son. Because during the regular
year the relief drives are for spe
cific purposes, the Floating Fund,
which is used for several small
charities, is depleted.
Since this relief drive is the only
one in the quarter, and only one
half as much is being asked per
student as usual, Bill Otterson, co
chairman with Lisa Thacker, urges
each person to contribute.
Tables will be set up in front of
the Cellar and at the History corner
for donations. Solicitors for the
dorms are asked to turn in their
collections to the ASSU office this
afternoon.
Sharon Coffey, Elinore Seamen,
Nancy Iseman, and Jean Rogers are
also serving on the committee.
Today is the last day of the
ASSU-iponsired relief drive to re
imburse the Floating Fund.
Contributions so far are below the
expected goal of 50 cents per per
son. Because during the regular
year the relief drives are for spe
cific purposes, the Floating Fund,
which is used for several small
charities, is depleted.
Since this relief drive is the only
one in the quarter, and only one
half as much is being asked per
student as usual, Bill Otterson, co
chairman with Lisa Thacker, urges
each person to contribute.
Tables will be set up in front of
the Cellar and at the History corner
for donations. Solicitors for the
dorms are asked to turn in their
collections to the ASSU office this
afternoon.
Sharon Coffey, Elinore Seamen,
Nancy Iseman, and Jean Rogers are
also serving on the committee.
Today is the last day of the
ASSU-iponsired relief drive to re
imburse the Floating Fund.
Contributions so far are below the
expected goal of 50 cents per per
son. Because during the regular
year the relief drives are for spe
cific purposes, the Floating Fund,
which is used for several small
charities, is depleted.
Since this relief drive is the only
one in the quarter, and only one
half as much is being asked per
student as usual, Bill Otterson, co
chairman with Lisa Thacker, urges
each person to contribute.
Tables will be set up in front of
the Cellar and at the History corner
for donations. Solicitors for the
dorms are asked to turn in their
collections to the ASSU office this
afternoon.
Sharon Coffey, Elinore Seamen,
Nancy Iseman, and Jean Rogers are
also serving on the committee.
Today is the last day of the
ASSU-iponsired relief drive to re
imburse the Floating Fund.
Contributions so far are below the
expected goal of 50 cents per per
son. Because during the regular
year the relief drives are for spe
cific purposes, the Floating Fund,
which is used for several small
charities, is depleted.
Since this relief drive is the only
one in the quarter, and only one
half as much is being asked per
student as usual, Bill Otterson, co
chairman with Lisa Thacker, urges
each person to contribute.
Tables will be set up in front of
the Cellar and at the History corner
for donations. Solicitors for the
dorms are asked to turn in their
collections to the ASSU office this
afternoon.
Sharon Coffey, Elinore Seamen,
Nancy Iseman, and Jean Rogers are
also serving on the committee.
Today is the last day of the
ASSU-iponsired relief drive to re
imburse the Floating Fund.
Contributions so far are below the
expected goal of 50 cents per per
son. Because during the regular
year the relief drives are for spe
cific purposes, the Floating Fund,
which is used for several small
charities, is depleted.
Since this relief drive is the only
one in the quarter, and only one
half as much is being asked per
student as usual, Bill Otterson, co
chairman with Lisa Thacker, urges
each person to contribute.
Tables will be set up in front of
the Cellar and at the History corner
for donations. Solicitors for the
dorms are asked to turn in their
collections to the ASSU office this
afternoon.
Sharon Coffey, Elinore Seamen,
Nancy Iseman, and Jean Rogers are
also serving on the committee.
Today is the last day of the
ASSU-iponsired relief drive to re
imburse the Floating Fund.
Contributions so far are below the
expected goal of 50 cents per per
son. Because during the regular
year the relief drives are for spe
cific purposes, the Floating Fund,
which is used for several small
charities, is depleted.
Since this relief drive is the only
one in the quarter, and only one
half as much is being asked per
student as usual, Bill Otterson, co
chairman with Lisa Thacker, urges
each person to contribute.
Tables will be set up in front of
the Cellar and at the History corner
for donations. Solicitors for the
dorms are asked to turn in their
collections to the ASSU office this
afternoon.
Sharon Coffey, Elinore Seamen,
Nancy Iseman, and Jean Rogers are
also serving on the committee.
Today is the last day of the
ASSU-iponsired relief drive to re
imburse the Floating Fund.
Contributions so far are below the
expected goal of 50 cents per per
son. Because during the regular
year the relief drives are for spe
cific purposes, the Floating Fund,
which is used for several small
charities, is depleted.
Since this relief drive is the only
one in the quarter, and only one
half as much is being asked per
student as usual, Bill Otterson, co
chairman with Lisa Thacker, urges
each person to contribute.
Tables will be set up in front of
the Cellar and at the History corner
for donations. Solicitors for the
dorms are asked to turn in their
collections to the ASSU office this
afternoon.
Sharon Coffey, Elinore Seamen,
Nancy Iseman, and Jean Rogers are
also serving on the committee.
Today is the last day of the
ASSU-iponsired relief drive to re
imburse the Floating Fund.
Contributions so far are below the
expected goal of 50 cents per per
son. Because during the regular
year the relief drives are for spe
cific purposes, the Floating Fund,
which is used for several small
charities, is depleted.
Since this relief drive is the only
one in the quarter, and only one
half as much is being asked per
student as usual, Bill Otterson, co
chairman with Lisa Thacker, urges
each person to contribute.
Tables will be set up in front of
the Cellar and at the History corner
for donations. Solicitors for the
dorms are asked to turn in their
collections to the ASSU office this
afternoon.
Sharon Coffey, Elinore Seamen,
Nancy Iseman, and Jean Rogers are
also serving on the committee.
Today is the last day of the
ASSU-iponsired relief drive to re
imburse the Floating Fund.
Contributions so far are below the
expected goal of 50 cents per per
son. Because during the regular
year the relief drives are for spe
cific purposes, the Floating Fund,
which is used for several small
charities, is depleted.
Since this relief drive is the only
one in the quarter, and only one
half as much is being asked per
student as usual, Bill Otterson, co
chairman with Lisa Thacker, urges
each person to contribute.
Tables will be set up in front of
the Cellar and at the History corner
for donations. Solicitors for the
dorms are asked to turn in their
collections to the ASSU office this
afternoon.
Sharon Coffey, Elinore Seamen,
Nancy Iseman, and Jean Rogers are
also serving on the committee.
Today is the last day of the
ASSU-iponsired relief drive to re
imburse the Floating Fund.
Contributions so far are below the
expected goal of 50 cents per per
son. Because during the regular
year the relief drives are for spe
cific purposes, the Floating Fund,
which is used for several small
charities, is depleted.
Since this relief drive is the only
one in the quarter, and only one
half as much is being asked per
student as usual, Bill Otterson, co
chairman with Lisa Thacker, urges
each person to contribute.
Tables will be set up in front of
the Cellar and at the History corner
for donations. Solicitors for the
dorms are asked to turn in their
collections to the ASSU office this
afternoon.
Sharon Coffey, Elinore Seamen,
Nancy Iseman, and Jean Rogers are
also serving on the committee.
Today is the last day of the
ASSU-iponsired relief drive to re
imburse the Floating Fund.
Contributions so far are below the
expected goal of 50 cents per per
son. Because during the regular
year the relief drives are for spe
cific purposes, the Floating Fund,
which is used for several small
charities, is depleted.
Since this relief drive is the only
one in the quarter, and only one
half as much is being asked per
student as usual, Bill Otterson, co
chairman with Lisa Thacker, urges
each person to contribute.
Tables will be set up in front of
the Cellar and at the History corner
for donations. Solicitors for the
dorms are asked to turn in their
collections to the ASSU office this
afternoon.
Sharon Coffey, Elinore Seamen,
Nancy Iseman, and Jean Rogers are
also serving on the committee.
Today is the last day of the
ASSU-iponsired relief drive to re
imburse the Floating Fund.
Contributions so far are below the
expected goal of 50 cents per per
son. Because during the regular
year the relief drives are for spe
cific purposes, the Floating Fund,
which is used for several small
charities, is depleted.
Since this relief drive is the only
one in the quarter, and only one
half as much is being asked per
student as usual, Bill Otterson, co
chairman with Lisa Thacker, urges
each person to contribute.
Tables will be set up in front of
the Cellar and at the History corner
for donations. Solicitors for the
dorms are asked to turn in their
collections to the ASSU office this
afternoon.
Sharon Coffey, Elinore Seamen,
Nancy Iseman, and Jean Rogers are
also serving on the committee.
