# PLAY TIME
## 
### 

WATCII THE BALL—In spile of
fast-approaching finals. Jean Hoy!
takes time off for a uanic of tennis
at the Stanford varsity courts.

WATCII THE BALL—In spile of
fast-approaching finals. Jean Hoy!
takes time off for a uanic of tennis
at the Stanford varsity courts.

WATCII THE BALL—In spile of
fast-approaching finals. Jean Hoy!
takes time off for a uanic of tennis
at the Stanford varsity courts.

WATCII THE BALL—In spile of
fast-approaching finals. Jean Hoy!
takes time off for a uanic of tennis
at the Stanford varsity courts.

WATCII THE BALL—In spile of
fast-approaching finals. Jean Hoy!
takes time off for a uanic of tennis
at the Stanford varsity courts.

WATCII THE BALL—In spile of
fast-approaching finals. Jean Hoy!
takes time off for a uanic of tennis
at the Stanford varsity courts.

WATCII THE BALL—In spile of
fast-approaching finals. Jean Hoy!
takes time off for a uanic of tennis
at the Stanford varsity courts.

WATCII THE BALL—In spile of
fast-approaching finals. Jean Hoy!
takes time off for a uanic of tennis
at the Stanford varsity courts.

WATCII THE BALL—In spile of
fast-approaching finals. Jean Hoy!
takes time off for a uanic of tennis
at the Stanford varsity courts.

WATCII THE BALL—In spile of
fast-approaching finals. Jean Hoy!
takes time off for a uanic of tennis
at the Stanford varsity courts.

WATCII THE BALL—In spile of
fast-approaching finals. Jean Hoy!
takes time off for a uanic of tennis
at the Stanford varsity courts.

WATCII THE BALL—In spile of
fast-approaching finals. Jean Hoy!
takes time off for a uanic of tennis
at the Stanford varsity courts.

WATCII THE BALL—In spile of
fast-approaching finals. Jean Hoy!
takes time off for a uanic of tennis
at the Stanford varsity courts.

WATCII THE BALL—In spile of
fast-approaching finals. Jean Hoy!
takes time off for a uanic of tennis
at the Stanford varsity courts.

WATCII THE BALL—In spile of
fast-approaching finals. Jean Hoy!
takes time off for a uanic of tennis
at the Stanford varsity courts.
