# Joint Concert with California Clubs.
## 
### 
On April 4th, ihe day of the first
Intercollegiate baseball game, the
Stanford Glee and Mandolin Clubs
will go to Berkeley to play a match
game of bnseball with the Califor
nia Glee Club in the forenoon; and
to participate with the Berkeley
Glee, Mandolin, and Guitar and
Banjo Clubs in a concert to be
given in the evening.
On April 4th, ihe day of the first
Intercollegiate baseball game, the
Stanford Glee and Mandolin Clubs
will go to Berkeley to play a match
game of bnseball with the Califor
nia Glee Club in the forenoon; and
to participate with the Berkeley
Glee, Mandolin, and Guitar and
Banjo Clubs in a concert to be
given in the evening.
On April 4th, ihe day of the first
Intercollegiate baseball game, the
Stanford Glee and Mandolin Clubs
will go to Berkeley to play a match
game of bnseball with the Califor
nia Glee Club in the forenoon; and
to participate with the Berkeley
Glee, Mandolin, and Guitar and
Banjo Clubs in a concert to be
given in the evening.
On April 4th, ihe day of the first
Intercollegiate baseball game, the
Stanford Glee and Mandolin Clubs
will go to Berkeley to play a match
game of bnseball with the Califor
nia Glee Club in the forenoon; and
to participate with the Berkeley
Glee, Mandolin, and Guitar and
Banjo Clubs in a concert to be
given in the evening.
On April 4th, ihe day of the first
Intercollegiate baseball game, the
Stanford Glee and Mandolin Clubs
will go to Berkeley to play a match
game of bnseball with the Califor
nia Glee Club in the forenoon; and
to participate with the Berkeley
Glee, Mandolin, and Guitar and
Banjo Clubs in a concert to be
given in the evening.
On April 4th, ihe day of the first
Intercollegiate baseball game, the
Stanford Glee and Mandolin Clubs
will go to Berkeley to play a match
game of bnseball with the Califor
nia Glee Club in the forenoon; and
to participate with the Berkeley
Glee, Mandolin, and Guitar and
Banjo Clubs in a concert to be
given in the evening.
On April 4th, ihe day of the first
Intercollegiate baseball game, the
Stanford Glee and Mandolin Clubs
will go to Berkeley to play a match
game of bnseball with the Califor
nia Glee Club in the forenoon; and
to participate with the Berkeley
Glee, Mandolin, and Guitar and
Banjo Clubs in a concert to be
given in the evening.
On April 4th, ihe day of the first
Intercollegiate baseball game, the
Stanford Glee and Mandolin Clubs
will go to Berkeley to play a match
game of bnseball with the Califor
nia Glee Club in the forenoon; and
to participate with the Berkeley
Glee, Mandolin, and Guitar and
Banjo Clubs in a concert to be
given in the evening.
