# Adv. 8 Page 3
## 
### 
Now that the "grind"
has started
And you've had to
start classes and go
once in a while
Don't i] oil think it's
about time to do a
little "Free reading"
that isn't required?
Ours is almost free.
$1.50 for three months
in our library.
The Alcove
542 Ramona St.
Now that the "grind"
has started
And you've had to
start classes and go
once in a while
Don't i] oil think it's
about time to do a
little "Free reading"
that isn't required?
Ours is almost free.
$1.50 for three months
in our library.
The Alcove
542 Ramona St.
Now that the "grind"
has started
And you've had to
start classes and go
once in a while
Don't i] oil think it's
about time to do a
little "Free reading"
that isn't required?
Ours is almost free.
$1.50 for three months
in our library.
The Alcove
542 Ramona St.
Now that the "grind"
has started
And you've had to
start classes and go
once in a while
Don't i] oil think it's
about time to do a
little "Free reading"
that isn't required?
Ours is almost free.
$1.50 for three months
in our library.
The Alcove
542 Ramona St.
Now that the "grind"
has started
And you've had to
start classes and go
once in a while
Don't i] oil think it's
about time to do a
little "Free reading"
that isn't required?
Ours is almost free.
$1.50 for three months
in our library.
The Alcove
542 Ramona St.
Now that the "grind"
has started
And you've had to
start classes and go
once in a while
Don't i] oil think it's
about time to do a
little "Free reading"
that isn't required?
Ours is almost free.
$1.50 for three months
in our library.
The Alcove
542 Ramona St.
Now that the "grind"
has started
And you've had to
start classes and go
once in a while
Don't i] oil think it's
about time to do a
little "Free reading"
that isn't required?
Ours is almost free.
$1.50 for three months
in our library.
The Alcove
542 Ramona St.
Now that the "grind"
has started
And you've had to
start classes and go
once in a while
Don't i] oil think it's
about time to do a
little "Free reading"
that isn't required?
Ours is almost free.
$1.50 for three months
in our library.
The Alcove
542 Ramona St.
Now that the "grind"
has started
And you've had to
start classes and go
once in a while
Don't i] oil think it's
about time to do a
little "Free reading"
that isn't required?
Ours is almost free.
$1.50 for three months
in our library.
The Alcove
542 Ramona St.
Now that the "grind"
has started
And you've had to
start classes and go
once in a while
Don't i] oil think it's
about time to do a
little "Free reading"
that isn't required?
Ours is almost free.
$1.50 for three months
in our library.
The Alcove
542 Ramona St.
Now that the "grind"
has started
And you've had to
start classes and go
once in a while
Don't i] oil think it's
about time to do a
little "Free reading"
that isn't required?
Ours is almost free.
$1.50 for three months
in our library.
The Alcove
542 Ramona St.
Now that the "grind"
has started
And you've had to
start classes and go
once in a while
Don't i] oil think it's
about time to do a
little "Free reading"
that isn't required?
Ours is almost free.
$1.50 for three months
in our library.
The Alcove
542 Ramona St.
Now that the "grind"
has started
And you've had to
start classes and go
once in a while
Don't i] oil think it's
about time to do a
little "Free reading"
that isn't required?
Ours is almost free.
$1.50 for three months
in our library.
The Alcove
542 Ramona St.
Now that the "grind"
has started
And you've had to
start classes and go
once in a while
Don't i] oil think it's
about time to do a
little "Free reading"
that isn't required?
Ours is almost free.
$1.50 for three months
in our library.
The Alcove
542 Ramona St.
Now that the "grind"
has started
And you've had to
start classes and go
once in a while
Don't i] oil think it's
about time to do a
little "Free reading"
that isn't required?
Ours is almost free.
$1.50 for three months
in our library.
The Alcove
542 Ramona St.
Now that the "grind"
has started
And you've had to
start classes and go
once in a while
Don't i] oil think it's
about time to do a
little "Free reading"
that isn't required?
Ours is almost free.
$1.50 for three months
in our library.
The Alcove
542 Ramona St.
