# CARDINAL 145- POUND CAGERS WILL MEET Y.M.I. LIGHTWEIGHTS
## 
### 
The Stanford 145-pound basketball
team will meet the Y.M.I. 145-pound
ers tonight in San Francisco. The
lightweight team is not an official
Stanford team but is a group of Stan
ford men playing under the name of
the Cardinal 145-pound team or the
Stanford Independents. Members of
(he squad who have not weighed in
yet are asked to do so today.
Following are men who will see ac
tion in tonight's game: Jack H. Voor
sanger, Merven J. Garibotto, John C.
Weaver, Pardee Lowe, Lowell E. Bart
lett, Charles R. Ray, and Robert P.
West.
The Stanford 145-pound basketball
team will meet the Y.M.I. 145-pound
ers tonight in San Francisco. The
lightweight team is not an official
Stanford team but is a group of Stan
ford men playing under the name of
the Cardinal 145-pound team or the
Stanford Independents. Members of
(he squad who have not weighed in
yet are asked to do so today.
Following are men who will see ac
tion in tonight's game: Jack H. Voor
sanger, Merven J. Garibotto, John C.
Weaver, Pardee Lowe, Lowell E. Bart
lett, Charles R. Ray, and Robert P.
West.
The Stanford 145-pound basketball
team will meet the Y.M.I. 145-pound
ers tonight in San Francisco. The
lightweight team is not an official
Stanford team but is a group of Stan
ford men playing under the name of
the Cardinal 145-pound team or the
Stanford Independents. Members of
(he squad who have not weighed in
yet are asked to do so today.
Following are men who will see ac
tion in tonight's game: Jack H. Voor
sanger, Merven J. Garibotto, John C.
Weaver, Pardee Lowe, Lowell E. Bart
lett, Charles R. Ray, and Robert P.
West.
The Stanford 145-pound basketball
team will meet the Y.M.I. 145-pound
ers tonight in San Francisco. The
lightweight team is not an official
Stanford team but is a group of Stan
ford men playing under the name of
the Cardinal 145-pound team or the
Stanford Independents. Members of
(he squad who have not weighed in
yet are asked to do so today.
Following are men who will see ac
tion in tonight's game: Jack H. Voor
sanger, Merven J. Garibotto, John C.
Weaver, Pardee Lowe, Lowell E. Bart
lett, Charles R. Ray, and Robert P.
West.
The Stanford 145-pound basketball
team will meet the Y.M.I. 145-pound
ers tonight in San Francisco. The
lightweight team is not an official
Stanford team but is a group of Stan
ford men playing under the name of
the Cardinal 145-pound team or the
Stanford Independents. Members of
(he squad who have not weighed in
yet are asked to do so today.
Following are men who will see ac
tion in tonight's game: Jack H. Voor
sanger, Merven J. Garibotto, John C.
Weaver, Pardee Lowe, Lowell E. Bart
lett, Charles R. Ray, and Robert P.
West.
The Stanford 145-pound basketball
team will meet the Y.M.I. 145-pound
ers tonight in San Francisco. The
lightweight team is not an official
Stanford team but is a group of Stan
ford men playing under the name of
the Cardinal 145-pound team or the
Stanford Independents. Members of
(he squad who have not weighed in
yet are asked to do so today.
Following are men who will see ac
tion in tonight's game: Jack H. Voor
sanger, Merven J. Garibotto, John C.
Weaver, Pardee Lowe, Lowell E. Bart
lett, Charles R. Ray, and Robert P.
West.
The Stanford 145-pound basketball
team will meet the Y.M.I. 145-pound
ers tonight in San Francisco. The
lightweight team is not an official
Stanford team but is a group of Stan
ford men playing under the name of
the Cardinal 145-pound team or the
Stanford Independents. Members of
(he squad who have not weighed in
yet are asked to do so today.
Following are men who will see ac
tion in tonight's game: Jack H. Voor
sanger, Merven J. Garibotto, John C.
Weaver, Pardee Lowe, Lowell E. Bart
lett, Charles R. Ray, and Robert P.
West.
The Stanford 145-pound basketball
team will meet the Y.M.I. 145-pound
ers tonight in San Francisco. The
lightweight team is not an official
Stanford team but is a group of Stan
ford men playing under the name of
the Cardinal 145-pound team or the
Stanford Independents. Members of
(he squad who have not weighed in
yet are asked to do so today.
Following are men who will see ac
tion in tonight's game: Jack H. Voor
sanger, Merven J. Garibotto, John C.
Weaver, Pardee Lowe, Lowell E. Bart
lett, Charles R. Ray, and Robert P.
West.
The Stanford 145-pound basketball
team will meet the Y.M.I. 145-pound
ers tonight in San Francisco. The
lightweight team is not an official
Stanford team but is a group of Stan
ford men playing under the name of
the Cardinal 145-pound team or the
Stanford Independents. Members of
(he squad who have not weighed in
yet are asked to do so today.
Following are men who will see ac
tion in tonight's game: Jack H. Voor
sanger, Merven J. Garibotto, John C.
Weaver, Pardee Lowe, Lowell E. Bart
lett, Charles R. Ray, and Robert P.
West.
The Stanford 145-pound basketball
team will meet the Y.M.I. 145-pound
ers tonight in San Francisco. The
lightweight team is not an official
Stanford team but is a group of Stan
ford men playing under the name of
the Cardinal 145-pound team or the
Stanford Independents. Members of
(he squad who have not weighed in
yet are asked to do so today.
Following are men who will see ac
tion in tonight's game: Jack H. Voor
sanger, Merven J. Garibotto, John C.
Weaver, Pardee Lowe, Lowell E. Bart
lett, Charles R. Ray, and Robert P.
West.
The Stanford 145-pound basketball
team will meet the Y.M.I. 145-pound
ers tonight in San Francisco. The
lightweight team is not an official
Stanford team but is a group of Stan
ford men playing under the name of
the Cardinal 145-pound team or the
Stanford Independents. Members of
(he squad who have not weighed in
yet are asked to do so today.
Following are men who will see ac
tion in tonight's game: Jack H. Voor
sanger, Merven J. Garibotto, John C.
Weaver, Pardee Lowe, Lowell E. Bart
lett, Charles R. Ray, and Robert P.
West.
The Stanford 145-pound basketball
team will meet the Y.M.I. 145-pound
ers tonight in San Francisco. The
lightweight team is not an official
Stanford team but is a group of Stan
ford men playing under the name of
the Cardinal 145-pound team or the
Stanford Independents. Members of
(he squad who have not weighed in
yet are asked to do so today.
Following are men who will see ac
tion in tonight's game: Jack H. Voor
sanger, Merven J. Garibotto, John C.
Weaver, Pardee Lowe, Lowell E. Bart
lett, Charles R. Ray, and Robert P.
West.
The Stanford 145-pound basketball
team will meet the Y.M.I. 145-pound
ers tonight in San Francisco. The
lightweight team is not an official
Stanford team but is a group of Stan
ford men playing under the name of
the Cardinal 145-pound team or the
Stanford Independents. Members of
(he squad who have not weighed in
yet are asked to do so today.
Following are men who will see ac
tion in tonight's game: Jack H. Voor
sanger, Merven J. Garibotto, John C.
Weaver, Pardee Lowe, Lowell E. Bart
lett, Charles R. Ray, and Robert P.
West.
The Stanford 145-pound basketball
team will meet the Y.M.I. 145-pound
ers tonight in San Francisco. The
lightweight team is not an official
Stanford team but is a group of Stan
ford men playing under the name of
the Cardinal 145-pound team or the
Stanford Independents. Members of
(he squad who have not weighed in
yet are asked to do so today.
Following are men who will see ac
tion in tonight's game: Jack H. Voor
sanger, Merven J. Garibotto, John C.
Weaver, Pardee Lowe, Lowell E. Bart
lett, Charles R. Ray, and Robert P.
West.
The Stanford 145-pound basketball
team will meet the Y.M.I. 145-pound
ers tonight in San Francisco. The
lightweight team is not an official
Stanford team but is a group of Stan
ford men playing under the name of
the Cardinal 145-pound team or the
Stanford Independents. Members of
(he squad who have not weighed in
yet are asked to do so today.
Following are men who will see ac
tion in tonight's game: Jack H. Voor
sanger, Merven J. Garibotto, John C.
Weaver, Pardee Lowe, Lowell E. Bart
lett, Charles R. Ray, and Robert P.
West.
The Stanford 145-pound basketball
team will meet the Y.M.I. 145-pound
ers tonight in San Francisco. The
lightweight team is not an official
Stanford team but is a group of Stan
ford men playing under the name of
the Cardinal 145-pound team or the
Stanford Independents. Members of
(he squad who have not weighed in
yet are asked to do so today.
Following are men who will see ac
tion in tonight's game: Jack H. Voor
sanger, Merven J. Garibotto, John C.
Weaver, Pardee Lowe, Lowell E. Bart
lett, Charles R. Ray, and Robert P.
West.
