# NAME TWO STANFORD PLAYERS AS OFFICERS OF GOLF ASSOCIATION
## 
### 
Herbert Fleishhacker, Jr., was elect
ed President of the Pacific Coast In
tercollegiate Golf Association by mem
bers of the teams which competed in
the tournament held in Del Monte
last week-end. Eldridge Combs, an
other Stanford mashie wielder, was
chosen for vice-president.
Fleishhacker, besides being promi
nent in golfing circles, is famous on
the Stanford campus as a football
player, and as one of Dink Temple
ton's most talented weight tossers.
It was Fleishhacker who saved the
day last fall when Stanford tied the
Sons of Troy on the gridiron. Ehiter
ing the game in the final moments,
with the Cards trailing 13 to 7, he
smashed the ball within striking dis
tance almost single-handed, and
finally made the pass which tied the
score, and saved Stanford from a con
ference defeat.
Herbert Fleishhacker, Jr., was elect
ed President of the Pacific Coast In
tercollegiate Golf Association by mem
bers of the teams which competed in
the tournament held in Del Monte
last week-end. Eldridge Combs, an
other Stanford mashie wielder, was
chosen for vice-president.
Fleishhacker, besides being promi
nent in golfing circles, is famous on
the Stanford campus as a football
player, and as one of Dink Temple
ton's most talented weight tossers.
It was Fleishhacker who saved the
day last fall when Stanford tied the
Sons of Troy on the gridiron. Ehiter
ing the game in the final moments,
with the Cards trailing 13 to 7, he
smashed the ball within striking dis
tance almost single-handed, and
finally made the pass which tied the
score, and saved Stanford from a con
ference defeat.
Herbert Fleishhacker, Jr., was elect
ed President of the Pacific Coast In
tercollegiate Golf Association by mem
bers of the teams which competed in
the tournament held in Del Monte
last week-end. Eldridge Combs, an
other Stanford mashie wielder, was
chosen for vice-president.
Fleishhacker, besides being promi
nent in golfing circles, is famous on
the Stanford campus as a football
player, and as one of Dink Temple
ton's most talented weight tossers.
It was Fleishhacker who saved the
day last fall when Stanford tied the
Sons of Troy on the gridiron. Ehiter
ing the game in the final moments,
with the Cards trailing 13 to 7, he
smashed the ball within striking dis
tance almost single-handed, and
finally made the pass which tied the
score, and saved Stanford from a con
ference defeat.
Herbert Fleishhacker, Jr., was elect
ed President of the Pacific Coast In
tercollegiate Golf Association by mem
bers of the teams which competed in
the tournament held in Del Monte
last week-end. Eldridge Combs, an
other Stanford mashie wielder, was
chosen for vice-president.
Fleishhacker, besides being promi
nent in golfing circles, is famous on
the Stanford campus as a football
player, and as one of Dink Temple
ton's most talented weight tossers.
It was Fleishhacker who saved the
day last fall when Stanford tied the
Sons of Troy on the gridiron. Ehiter
ing the game in the final moments,
with the Cards trailing 13 to 7, he
smashed the ball within striking dis
tance almost single-handed, and
finally made the pass which tied the
score, and saved Stanford from a con
ference defeat.
Herbert Fleishhacker, Jr., was elect
ed President of the Pacific Coast In
tercollegiate Golf Association by mem
bers of the teams which competed in
the tournament held in Del Monte
last week-end. Eldridge Combs, an
other Stanford mashie wielder, was
chosen for vice-president.
Fleishhacker, besides being promi
nent in golfing circles, is famous on
the Stanford campus as a football
player, and as one of Dink Temple
ton's most talented weight tossers.
It was Fleishhacker who saved the
day last fall when Stanford tied the
Sons of Troy on the gridiron. Ehiter
ing the game in the final moments,
with the Cards trailing 13 to 7, he
smashed the ball within striking dis
tance almost single-handed, and
finally made the pass which tied the
score, and saved Stanford from a con
ference defeat.
Herbert Fleishhacker, Jr., was elect
ed President of the Pacific Coast In
tercollegiate Golf Association by mem
bers of the teams which competed in
the tournament held in Del Monte
last week-end. Eldridge Combs, an
other Stanford mashie wielder, was
chosen for vice-president.
Fleishhacker, besides being promi
nent in golfing circles, is famous on
the Stanford campus as a football
player, and as one of Dink Temple
ton's most talented weight tossers.
It was Fleishhacker who saved the
day last fall when Stanford tied the
Sons of Troy on the gridiron. Ehiter
ing the game in the final moments,
with the Cards trailing 13 to 7, he
smashed the ball within striking dis
tance almost single-handed, and
finally made the pass which tied the
score, and saved Stanford from a con
ference defeat.
Herbert Fleishhacker, Jr., was elect
ed President of the Pacific Coast In
tercollegiate Golf Association by mem
bers of the teams which competed in
the tournament held in Del Monte
last week-end. Eldridge Combs, an
other Stanford mashie wielder, was
chosen for vice-president.
Fleishhacker, besides being promi
nent in golfing circles, is famous on
the Stanford campus as a football
player, and as one of Dink Temple
ton's most talented weight tossers.
It was Fleishhacker who saved the
day last fall when Stanford tied the
Sons of Troy on the gridiron. Ehiter
ing the game in the final moments,
with the Cards trailing 13 to 7, he
smashed the ball within striking dis
tance almost single-handed, and
finally made the pass which tied the
score, and saved Stanford from a con
ference defeat.
Herbert Fleishhacker, Jr., was elect
ed President of the Pacific Coast In
tercollegiate Golf Association by mem
bers of the teams which competed in
the tournament held in Del Monte
last week-end. Eldridge Combs, an
other Stanford mashie wielder, was
chosen for vice-president.
Fleishhacker, besides being promi
nent in golfing circles, is famous on
the Stanford campus as a football
player, and as one of Dink Temple
ton's most talented weight tossers.
It was Fleishhacker who saved the
day last fall when Stanford tied the
Sons of Troy on the gridiron. Ehiter
ing the game in the final moments,
with the Cards trailing 13 to 7, he
smashed the ball within striking dis
tance almost single-handed, and
finally made the pass which tied the
score, and saved Stanford from a con
ference defeat.
Herbert Fleishhacker, Jr., was elect
ed President of the Pacific Coast In
tercollegiate Golf Association by mem
bers of the teams which competed in
the tournament held in Del Monte
last week-end. Eldridge Combs, an
other Stanford mashie wielder, was
chosen for vice-president.
Fleishhacker, besides being promi
nent in golfing circles, is famous on
the Stanford campus as a football
player, and as one of Dink Temple
ton's most talented weight tossers.
It was Fleishhacker who saved the
day last fall when Stanford tied the
Sons of Troy on the gridiron. Ehiter
ing the game in the final moments,
with the Cards trailing 13 to 7, he
smashed the ball within striking dis
tance almost single-handed, and
finally made the pass which tied the
score, and saved Stanford from a con
ference defeat.
Herbert Fleishhacker, Jr., was elect
ed President of the Pacific Coast In
tercollegiate Golf Association by mem
bers of the teams which competed in
the tournament held in Del Monte
last week-end. Eldridge Combs, an
other Stanford mashie wielder, was
chosen for vice-president.
Fleishhacker, besides being promi
nent in golfing circles, is famous on
the Stanford campus as a football
player, and as one of Dink Temple
ton's most talented weight tossers.
It was Fleishhacker who saved the
day last fall when Stanford tied the
Sons of Troy on the gridiron. Ehiter
ing the game in the final moments,
with the Cards trailing 13 to 7, he
smashed the ball within striking dis
tance almost single-handed, and
finally made the pass which tied the
score, and saved Stanford from a con
ference defeat.
Herbert Fleishhacker, Jr., was elect
ed President of the Pacific Coast In
tercollegiate Golf Association by mem
bers of the teams which competed in
the tournament held in Del Monte
last week-end. Eldridge Combs, an
other Stanford mashie wielder, was
chosen for vice-president.
Fleishhacker, besides being promi
nent in golfing circles, is famous on
the Stanford campus as a football
player, and as one of Dink Temple
ton's most talented weight tossers.
It was Fleishhacker who saved the
day last fall when Stanford tied the
Sons of Troy on the gridiron. Ehiter
ing the game in the final moments,
with the Cards trailing 13 to 7, he
smashed the ball within striking dis
tance almost single-handed, and
finally made the pass which tied the
score, and saved Stanford from a con
ference defeat.
Herbert Fleishhacker, Jr., was elect
ed President of the Pacific Coast In
tercollegiate Golf Association by mem
bers of the teams which competed in
the tournament held in Del Monte
last week-end. Eldridge Combs, an
other Stanford mashie wielder, was
chosen for vice-president.
Fleishhacker, besides being promi
nent in golfing circles, is famous on
the Stanford campus as a football
player, and as one of Dink Temple
ton's most talented weight tossers.
It was Fleishhacker who saved the
day last fall when Stanford tied the
Sons of Troy on the gridiron. Ehiter
ing the game in the final moments,
with the Cards trailing 13 to 7, he
smashed the ball within striking dis
tance almost single-handed, and
finally made the pass which tied the
score, and saved Stanford from a con
ference defeat.
Herbert Fleishhacker, Jr., was elect
ed President of the Pacific Coast In
tercollegiate Golf Association by mem
bers of the teams which competed in
the tournament held in Del Monte
last week-end. Eldridge Combs, an
other Stanford mashie wielder, was
chosen for vice-president.
Fleishhacker, besides being promi
nent in golfing circles, is famous on
the Stanford campus as a football
player, and as one of Dink Temple
ton's most talented weight tossers.
It was Fleishhacker who saved the
day last fall when Stanford tied the
Sons of Troy on the gridiron. Ehiter
ing the game in the final moments,
with the Cards trailing 13 to 7, he
smashed the ball within striking dis
tance almost single-handed, and
finally made the pass which tied the
score, and saved Stanford from a con
ference defeat.
Herbert Fleishhacker, Jr., was elect
ed President of the Pacific Coast In
tercollegiate Golf Association by mem
bers of the teams which competed in
the tournament held in Del Monte
last week-end. Eldridge Combs, an
other Stanford mashie wielder, was
chosen for vice-president.
Fleishhacker, besides being promi
nent in golfing circles, is famous on
the Stanford campus as a football
player, and as one of Dink Temple
ton's most talented weight tossers.
It was Fleishhacker who saved the
day last fall when Stanford tied the
Sons of Troy on the gridiron. Ehiter
ing the game in the final moments,
with the Cards trailing 13 to 7, he
smashed the ball within striking dis
tance almost single-handed, and
finally made the pass which tied the
score, and saved Stanford from a con
ference defeat.
Herbert Fleishhacker, Jr., was elect
ed President of the Pacific Coast In
tercollegiate Golf Association by mem
bers of the teams which competed in
the tournament held in Del Monte
last week-end. Eldridge Combs, an
other Stanford mashie wielder, was
chosen for vice-president.
Fleishhacker, besides being promi
nent in golfing circles, is famous on
the Stanford campus as a football
player, and as one of Dink Temple
ton's most talented weight tossers.
It was Fleishhacker who saved the
day last fall when Stanford tied the
Sons of Troy on the gridiron. Ehiter
ing the game in the final moments,
with the Cards trailing 13 to 7, he
smashed the ball within striking dis
tance almost single-handed, and
finally made the pass which tied the
score, and saved Stanford from a con
ference defeat.
Herbert Fleishhacker, Jr., was elect
ed President of the Pacific Coast In
tercollegiate Golf Association by mem
bers of the teams which competed in
the tournament held in Del Monte
last week-end. Eldridge Combs, an
other Stanford mashie wielder, was
chosen for vice-president.
Fleishhacker, besides being promi
nent in golfing circles, is famous on
the Stanford campus as a football
player, and as one of Dink Temple
ton's most talented weight tossers.
It was Fleishhacker who saved the
day last fall when Stanford tied the
Sons of Troy on the gridiron. Ehiter
ing the game in the final moments,
with the Cards trailing 13 to 7, he
smashed the ball within striking dis
tance almost single-handed, and
finally made the pass which tied the
score, and saved Stanford from a con
ference defeat.
