# Adv. 33 Page 11
## 
### 
Childcare needed - 2 easy-going
kids, 8 &6. Need Thurs 2.30 -
6.30 pm. North Los Altos. Call
Debbie 650.353.6406
Help to close the academic
achievement gap. Built to Last
aims to increase the high school
graduation rate of youth from
East Palo Alto and East Menlo
communities. Join the Built To
Last! Contact Stacey at:
staceyn@gmail.com or
call 650-773-7188
Childcare needed - 2 easy-going
kids, 8 &6. Need Thurs 2.30 -
6.30 pm. North Los Altos. Call
Debbie 650.353.6406
Help to close the academic
achievement gap. Built to Last
aims to increase the high school
graduation rate of youth from
East Palo Alto and East Menlo
communities. Join the Built To
Last! Contact Stacey at:
staceyn@gmail.com or
call 650-773-7188
Childcare needed - 2 easy-going
kids, 8 &6. Need Thurs 2.30 -
6.30 pm. North Los Altos. Call
Debbie 650.353.6406
Help to close the academic
achievement gap. Built to Last
aims to increase the high school
graduation rate of youth from
East Palo Alto and East Menlo
communities. Join the Built To
Last! Contact Stacey at:
staceyn@gmail.com or
call 650-773-7188
Childcare needed - 2 easy-going
kids, 8 &6. Need Thurs 2.30 -
6.30 pm. North Los Altos. Call
Debbie 650.353.6406
Help to close the academic
achievement gap. Built to Last
aims to increase the high school
graduation rate of youth from
East Palo Alto and East Menlo
communities. Join the Built To
Last! Contact Stacey at:
staceyn@gmail.com or
call 650-773-7188
Childcare needed - 2 easy-going
kids, 8 &6. Need Thurs 2.30 -
6.30 pm. North Los Altos. Call
Debbie 650.353.6406
Help to close the academic
achievement gap. Built to Last
aims to increase the high school
graduation rate of youth from
East Palo Alto and East Menlo
communities. Join the Built To
Last! Contact Stacey at:
staceyn@gmail.com or
call 650-773-7188
Childcare needed - 2 easy-going
kids, 8 &6. Need Thurs 2.30 -
6.30 pm. North Los Altos. Call
Debbie 650.353.6406
Help to close the academic
achievement gap. Built to Last
aims to increase the high school
graduation rate of youth from
East Palo Alto and East Menlo
communities. Join the Built To
Last! Contact Stacey at:
staceyn@gmail.com or
call 650-773-7188
