# Euphronia to Debate on Mexican Question
## 
### 
"Resolved, that the U. S. should es
tablish a mandatory over Mexico until
such time as Mexico is deemed ahle to
establish a permanent government of its
own" is the question that will be debated
by luiphronia tonight in room 12, Law
Building.
Brazil. '22, and R. C. Jones, '20, will
argue the affirmative against A. V. Muel
her, '21, and E. A. Patterson, '21, up
holding the negative. ✓
"Resolved, that the U. S. should es
tablish a mandatory over Mexico until
such time as Mexico is deemed ahle to
establish a permanent government of its
own" is the question that will be debated
by luiphronia tonight in room 12, Law
Building.
Brazil. '22, and R. C. Jones, '20, will
argue the affirmative against A. V. Muel
her, '21, and E. A. Patterson, '21, up
holding the negative. ✓
"Resolved, that the U. S. should es
tablish a mandatory over Mexico until
such time as Mexico is deemed ahle to
establish a permanent government of its
own" is the question that will be debated
by luiphronia tonight in room 12, Law
Building.
Brazil. '22, and R. C. Jones, '20, will
argue the affirmative against A. V. Muel
her, '21, and E. A. Patterson, '21, up
holding the negative. ✓
"Resolved, that the U. S. should es
tablish a mandatory over Mexico until
such time as Mexico is deemed ahle to
establish a permanent government of its
own" is the question that will be debated
by luiphronia tonight in room 12, Law
Building.
Brazil. '22, and R. C. Jones, '20, will
argue the affirmative against A. V. Muel
her, '21, and E. A. Patterson, '21, up
holding the negative. ✓
"Resolved, that the U. S. should es
tablish a mandatory over Mexico until
such time as Mexico is deemed ahle to
establish a permanent government of its
own" is the question that will be debated
by luiphronia tonight in room 12, Law
Building.
Brazil. '22, and R. C. Jones, '20, will
argue the affirmative against A. V. Muel
her, '21, and E. A. Patterson, '21, up
holding the negative. ✓
"Resolved, that the U. S. should es
tablish a mandatory over Mexico until
such time as Mexico is deemed ahle to
establish a permanent government of its
own" is the question that will be debated
by luiphronia tonight in room 12, Law
Building.
Brazil. '22, and R. C. Jones, '20, will
argue the affirmative against A. V. Muel
her, '21, and E. A. Patterson, '21, up
holding the negative. ✓
"Resolved, that the U. S. should es
tablish a mandatory over Mexico until
such time as Mexico is deemed ahle to
establish a permanent government of its
own" is the question that will be debated
by luiphronia tonight in room 12, Law
Building.
Brazil. '22, and R. C. Jones, '20, will
argue the affirmative against A. V. Muel
her, '21, and E. A. Patterson, '21, up
holding the negative. ✓
"Resolved, that the U. S. should es
tablish a mandatory over Mexico until
such time as Mexico is deemed ahle to
establish a permanent government of its
own" is the question that will be debated
by luiphronia tonight in room 12, Law
Building.
Brazil. '22, and R. C. Jones, '20, will
argue the affirmative against A. V. Muel
her, '21, and E. A. Patterson, '21, up
holding the negative. ✓
"Resolved, that the U. S. should es
tablish a mandatory over Mexico until
such time as Mexico is deemed ahle to
establish a permanent government of its
own" is the question that will be debated
by luiphronia tonight in room 12, Law
Building.
Brazil. '22, and R. C. Jones, '20, will
argue the affirmative against A. V. Muel
her, '21, and E. A. Patterson, '21, up
holding the negative. ✓
"Resolved, that the U. S. should es
tablish a mandatory over Mexico until
such time as Mexico is deemed ahle to
establish a permanent government of its
own" is the question that will be debated
by luiphronia tonight in room 12, Law
Building.
Brazil. '22, and R. C. Jones, '20, will
argue the affirmative against A. V. Muel
her, '21, and E. A. Patterson, '21, up
holding the negative. ✓
"Resolved, that the U. S. should es
tablish a mandatory over Mexico until
such time as Mexico is deemed ahle to
establish a permanent government of its
own" is the question that will be debated
by luiphronia tonight in room 12, Law
Building.
Brazil. '22, and R. C. Jones, '20, will
argue the affirmative against A. V. Muel
her, '21, and E. A. Patterson, '21, up
holding the negative. ✓
"Resolved, that the U. S. should es
tablish a mandatory over Mexico until
such time as Mexico is deemed ahle to
establish a permanent government of its
own" is the question that will be debated
by luiphronia tonight in room 12, Law
Building.
Brazil. '22, and R. C. Jones, '20, will
argue the affirmative against A. V. Muel
her, '21, and E. A. Patterson, '21, up
holding the negative. ✓
