# 1920 Farce Trials Take Place Monday
## Coach Gordon Davis Expects Plays to Arrive Here Tomorrow 
### 
Senior Farce try-outs will be held in
the Assembly Hall Monday afternoon
from 2 to 4 o'clock. Places on the
cast will not be reserved for members
of the Senior Class but will be open
to any student.
A varied assortment of sparkling
comedies have been ordered and will
probably arrive on the campus to
morrow. A choice of plays will be
made almost immediately after their
arrival and work will commence at
once under the direction of Coach
Gordon Davis, '18.
Davis is credited with the super
vision of several campus hits and ex
pects to make the Senior Farce an
even greater success than "Nothing
But the Truth" which took the campus
by storm last year.
The farce will be held on the night
following the last day of final exami
nations for the spring quarter.
