# TERMAN IS CIVIC LEAGUE SPEAKER
## 
### 
Professor Lewis M. Terman of the
Education department, will address the
morning session of the annual meeting
of the State Civic League, Friday. The
meeting will be at 10:30 in the Prcs
bvterian Church. His topic will he"The
Need of Systematic Research in Child,
Welfare." The public is invited.
Professor Lewis M. Terman of the
Education department, will address the
morning session of the annual meeting
of the State Civic League, Friday. The
meeting will be at 10:30 in the Prcs
bvterian Church. His topic will he"The
Need of Systematic Research in Child,
Welfare." The public is invited.
Professor Lewis M. Terman of the
Education department, will address the
morning session of the annual meeting
of the State Civic League, Friday. The
meeting will be at 10:30 in the Prcs
bvterian Church. His topic will he"The
Need of Systematic Research in Child,
Welfare." The public is invited.
Professor Lewis M. Terman of the
Education department, will address the
morning session of the annual meeting
of the State Civic League, Friday. The
meeting will be at 10:30 in the Prcs
bvterian Church. His topic will he"The
Need of Systematic Research in Child,
Welfare." The public is invited.
Professor Lewis M. Terman of the
Education department, will address the
morning session of the annual meeting
of the State Civic League, Friday. The
meeting will be at 10:30 in the Prcs
bvterian Church. His topic will he"The
Need of Systematic Research in Child,
Welfare." The public is invited.
Professor Lewis M. Terman of the
Education department, will address the
morning session of the annual meeting
of the State Civic League, Friday. The
meeting will be at 10:30 in the Prcs
bvterian Church. His topic will he"The
Need of Systematic Research in Child,
Welfare." The public is invited.
Professor Lewis M. Terman of the
Education department, will address the
morning session of the annual meeting
of the State Civic League, Friday. The
meeting will be at 10:30 in the Prcs
bvterian Church. His topic will he"The
Need of Systematic Research in Child,
Welfare." The public is invited.
Professor Lewis M. Terman of the
Education department, will address the
morning session of the annual meeting
of the State Civic League, Friday. The
meeting will be at 10:30 in the Prcs
bvterian Church. His topic will he"The
Need of Systematic Research in Child,
Welfare." The public is invited.
Professor Lewis M. Terman of the
Education department, will address the
morning session of the annual meeting
of the State Civic League, Friday. The
meeting will be at 10:30 in the Prcs
bvterian Church. His topic will he"The
Need of Systematic Research in Child,
Welfare." The public is invited.
Professor Lewis M. Terman of the
Education department, will address the
morning session of the annual meeting
of the State Civic League, Friday. The
meeting will be at 10:30 in the Prcs
bvterian Church. His topic will he"The
Need of Systematic Research in Child,
Welfare." The public is invited.
Professor Lewis M. Terman of the
Education department, will address the
morning session of the annual meeting
of the State Civic League, Friday. The
meeting will be at 10:30 in the Prcs
bvterian Church. His topic will he"The
Need of Systematic Research in Child,
Welfare." The public is invited.
Professor Lewis M. Terman of the
Education department, will address the
morning session of the annual meeting
of the State Civic League, Friday. The
meeting will be at 10:30 in the Prcs
bvterian Church. His topic will he"The
Need of Systematic Research in Child,
Welfare." The public is invited.
