# Adv. 9 Page 3
## 
### 
v»C f V i
m
fits your
lifestyle.,
The body-fitting solid
color 417 shirts by
Van Heusen will add
dash to your lifestyle
on campus and off.
Let the color of your
choice and the
superb tapered
fit reflect your
personality in doing
your own thing in
your own way.
v»C f V i
m
fits your
lifestyle.,
The body-fitting solid
color 417 shirts by
Van Heusen will add
dash to your lifestyle
on campus and off.
Let the color of your
choice and the
superb tapered
fit reflect your
personality in doing
your own thing in
your own way.
v»C f V i
m
fits your
lifestyle.,
The body-fitting solid
color 417 shirts by
Van Heusen will add
dash to your lifestyle
on campus and off.
Let the color of your
choice and the
superb tapered
fit reflect your
personality in doing
your own thing in
your own way.
v»C f V i
m
fits your
lifestyle.,
The body-fitting solid
color 417 shirts by
Van Heusen will add
dash to your lifestyle
on campus and off.
Let the color of your
choice and the
superb tapered
fit reflect your
personality in doing
your own thing in
your own way.
v»C f V i
m
fits your
lifestyle.,
The body-fitting solid
color 417 shirts by
Van Heusen will add
dash to your lifestyle
on campus and off.
Let the color of your
choice and the
superb tapered
fit reflect your
personality in doing
your own thing in
your own way.
v»C f V i
m
fits your
lifestyle.,
The body-fitting solid
color 417 shirts by
Van Heusen will add
dash to your lifestyle
on campus and off.
Let the color of your
choice and the
superb tapered
fit reflect your
personality in doing
your own thing in
your own way.
v»C f V i
m
fits your
lifestyle.,
The body-fitting solid
color 417 shirts by
Van Heusen will add
dash to your lifestyle
on campus and off.
Let the color of your
choice and the
superb tapered
fit reflect your
personality in doing
your own thing in
your own way.
v»C f V i
m
fits your
lifestyle.,
The body-fitting solid
color 417 shirts by
Van Heusen will add
dash to your lifestyle
on campus and off.
Let the color of your
choice and the
superb tapered
fit reflect your
personality in doing
your own thing in
your own way.
v»C f V i
m
fits your
lifestyle.,
The body-fitting solid
color 417 shirts by
Van Heusen will add
dash to your lifestyle
on campus and off.
Let the color of your
choice and the
superb tapered
fit reflect your
personality in doing
your own thing in
your own way.
v»C f V i
m
fits your
lifestyle.,
The body-fitting solid
color 417 shirts by
Van Heusen will add
dash to your lifestyle
on campus and off.
Let the color of your
choice and the
superb tapered
fit reflect your
personality in doing
your own thing in
your own way.
v»C f V i
m
fits your
lifestyle.,
The body-fitting solid
color 417 shirts by
Van Heusen will add
dash to your lifestyle
on campus and off.
Let the color of your
choice and the
superb tapered
fit reflect your
personality in doing
your own thing in
your own way.
v»C f V i
m
fits your
lifestyle.,
The body-fitting solid
color 417 shirts by
Van Heusen will add
dash to your lifestyle
on campus and off.
Let the color of your
choice and the
superb tapered
fit reflect your
personality in doing
your own thing in
your own way.
v»C f V i
m
fits your
lifestyle.,
The body-fitting solid
color 417 shirts by
Van Heusen will add
dash to your lifestyle
on campus and off.
Let the color of your
choice and the
superb tapered
fit reflect your
personality in doing
your own thing in
your own way.
v»C f V i
m
fits your
lifestyle.,
The body-fitting solid
color 417 shirts by
Van Heusen will add
dash to your lifestyle
on campus and off.
Let the color of your
choice and the
superb tapered
fit reflect your
personality in doing
your own thing in
your own way.
v»C f V i
m
fits your
lifestyle.,
The body-fitting solid
color 417 shirts by
Van Heusen will add
dash to your lifestyle
on campus and off.
Let the color of your
choice and the
superb tapered
fit reflect your
personality in doing
your own thing in
your own way.
