# Evaluation Forms Due Soon At Registrar's
## 
### 
Old returning undergraduate
students who have completed
college work elsewhere may pe
tition the Registrar's Office for
an evaluation. Forms will be
available at the information
desk, Room 111 A, until July 30.
Veterans may also petition for
credit for in-service courses
which they believe to be equiva
lent to courses offered at Stan
ford.
Old returning undergraduate
students who have completed
college work elsewhere may pe
tition the Registrar's Office for
an evaluation. Forms will be
available at the information
desk, Room 111 A, until July 30.
Veterans may also petition for
credit for in-service courses
which they believe to be equiva
lent to courses offered at Stan
ford.
Old returning undergraduate
students who have completed
college work elsewhere may pe
tition the Registrar's Office for
an evaluation. Forms will be
available at the information
desk, Room 111 A, until July 30.
Veterans may also petition for
credit for in-service courses
which they believe to be equiva
lent to courses offered at Stan
ford.
Old returning undergraduate
students who have completed
college work elsewhere may pe
tition the Registrar's Office for
an evaluation. Forms will be
available at the information
desk, Room 111 A, until July 30.
Veterans may also petition for
credit for in-service courses
which they believe to be equiva
lent to courses offered at Stan
ford.
Old returning undergraduate
students who have completed
college work elsewhere may pe
tition the Registrar's Office for
an evaluation. Forms will be
available at the information
desk, Room 111 A, until July 30.
Veterans may also petition for
credit for in-service courses
which they believe to be equiva
lent to courses offered at Stan
ford.
Old returning undergraduate
students who have completed
college work elsewhere may pe
tition the Registrar's Office for
an evaluation. Forms will be
available at the information
desk, Room 111 A, until July 30.
Veterans may also petition for
credit for in-service courses
which they believe to be equiva
lent to courses offered at Stan
ford.
Old returning undergraduate
students who have completed
college work elsewhere may pe
tition the Registrar's Office for
an evaluation. Forms will be
available at the information
desk, Room 111 A, until July 30.
Veterans may also petition for
credit for in-service courses
which they believe to be equiva
lent to courses offered at Stan
ford.
Old returning undergraduate
students who have completed
college work elsewhere may pe
tition the Registrar's Office for
an evaluation. Forms will be
available at the information
desk, Room 111 A, until July 30.
Veterans may also petition for
credit for in-service courses
which they believe to be equiva
lent to courses offered at Stan
ford.
Old returning undergraduate
students who have completed
college work elsewhere may pe
tition the Registrar's Office for
an evaluation. Forms will be
available at the information
desk, Room 111 A, until July 30.
Veterans may also petition for
credit for in-service courses
which they believe to be equiva
lent to courses offered at Stan
ford.
Old returning undergraduate
students who have completed
college work elsewhere may pe
tition the Registrar's Office for
an evaluation. Forms will be
available at the information
desk, Room 111 A, until July 30.
Veterans may also petition for
credit for in-service courses
which they believe to be equiva
lent to courses offered at Stan
ford.
Old returning undergraduate
students who have completed
college work elsewhere may pe
tition the Registrar's Office for
an evaluation. Forms will be
available at the information
desk, Room 111 A, until July 30.
Veterans may also petition for
credit for in-service courses
which they believe to be equiva
lent to courses offered at Stan
ford.
Old returning undergraduate
students who have completed
college work elsewhere may pe
tition the Registrar's Office for
an evaluation. Forms will be
available at the information
desk, Room 111 A, until July 30.
Veterans may also petition for
credit for in-service courses
which they believe to be equiva
lent to courses offered at Stan
ford.
Old returning undergraduate
students who have completed
college work elsewhere may pe
tition the Registrar's Office for
an evaluation. Forms will be
available at the information
desk, Room 111 A, until July 30.
Veterans may also petition for
credit for in-service courses
which they believe to be equiva
lent to courses offered at Stan
ford.
Old returning undergraduate
students who have completed
college work elsewhere may pe
tition the Registrar's Office for
an evaluation. Forms will be
available at the information
desk, Room 111 A, until July 30.
Veterans may also petition for
credit for in-service courses
which they believe to be equiva
lent to courses offered at Stan
ford.
Old returning undergraduate
students who have completed
college work elsewhere may pe
tition the Registrar's Office for
an evaluation. Forms will be
available at the information
desk, Room 111 A, until July 30.
Veterans may also petition for
credit for in-service courses
which they believe to be equiva
lent to courses offered at Stan
ford.
