# Untitled Article
## 
### 
For the first time in several years
the Columbia nine will meet the Har
vard baseball team. All the "big
teams" except Princeton are on the
tchedule of the metropolis team.
For the first time in several years
the Columbia nine will meet the Har
vard baseball team. All the "big
teams" except Princeton are on the
tchedule of the metropolis team.
For the first time in several years
the Columbia nine will meet the Har
vard baseball team. All the "big
teams" except Princeton are on the
tchedule of the metropolis team.
For the first time in several years
the Columbia nine will meet the Har
vard baseball team. All the "big
teams" except Princeton are on the
tchedule of the metropolis team.
For the first time in several years
the Columbia nine will meet the Har
vard baseball team. All the "big
teams" except Princeton are on the
tchedule of the metropolis team.
For the first time in several years
the Columbia nine will meet the Har
vard baseball team. All the "big
teams" except Princeton are on the
tchedule of the metropolis team.
For the first time in several years
the Columbia nine will meet the Har
vard baseball team. All the "big
teams" except Princeton are on the
tchedule of the metropolis team.
For the first time in several years
the Columbia nine will meet the Har
vard baseball team. All the "big
teams" except Princeton are on the
tchedule of the metropolis team.
For the first time in several years
the Columbia nine will meet the Har
vard baseball team. All the "big
teams" except Princeton are on the
tchedule of the metropolis team.
For the first time in several years
the Columbia nine will meet the Har
vard baseball team. All the "big
teams" except Princeton are on the
tchedule of the metropolis team.
For the first time in several years
the Columbia nine will meet the Har
vard baseball team. All the "big
teams" except Princeton are on the
tchedule of the metropolis team.
For the first time in several years
the Columbia nine will meet the Har
vard baseball team. All the "big
teams" except Princeton are on the
tchedule of the metropolis team.
For the first time in several years
the Columbia nine will meet the Har
vard baseball team. All the "big
teams" except Princeton are on the
tchedule of the metropolis team.
