# COLLEGE NOTES.
## 
### 
The Ohio State "Lantern" has a
competitor at the university in the
form of a new weekly publication.
Those backing the new enterprise
assert that the "Lantern" does not
£ive editorial support to university
activities.
President Taft's son, Robert, who
leads his class in the Harvard Law
School, was recently elected editor
of the Harvard Law Review.
The Ohio State "Lantern" has a
competitor at the university in the
form of a new weekly publication.
Those backing the new enterprise
assert that the "Lantern" does not
£ive editorial support to university
activities.
President Taft's son, Robert, who
leads his class in the Harvard Law
School, was recently elected editor
of the Harvard Law Review.
The Ohio State "Lantern" has a
competitor at the university in the
form of a new weekly publication.
Those backing the new enterprise
assert that the "Lantern" does not
£ive editorial support to university
activities.
President Taft's son, Robert, who
leads his class in the Harvard Law
School, was recently elected editor
of the Harvard Law Review.
The Ohio State "Lantern" has a
competitor at the university in the
form of a new weekly publication.
Those backing the new enterprise
assert that the "Lantern" does not
£ive editorial support to university
activities.
President Taft's son, Robert, who
leads his class in the Harvard Law
School, was recently elected editor
of the Harvard Law Review.
The Ohio State "Lantern" has a
competitor at the university in the
form of a new weekly publication.
Those backing the new enterprise
assert that the "Lantern" does not
£ive editorial support to university
activities.
President Taft's son, Robert, who
leads his class in the Harvard Law
School, was recently elected editor
of the Harvard Law Review.
The Ohio State "Lantern" has a
competitor at the university in the
form of a new weekly publication.
Those backing the new enterprise
assert that the "Lantern" does not
£ive editorial support to university
activities.
President Taft's son, Robert, who
leads his class in the Harvard Law
School, was recently elected editor
of the Harvard Law Review.
The Ohio State "Lantern" has a
competitor at the university in the
form of a new weekly publication.
Those backing the new enterprise
assert that the "Lantern" does not
£ive editorial support to university
activities.
President Taft's son, Robert, who
leads his class in the Harvard Law
School, was recently elected editor
of the Harvard Law Review.
The Ohio State "Lantern" has a
competitor at the university in the
form of a new weekly publication.
Those backing the new enterprise
assert that the "Lantern" does not
£ive editorial support to university
activities.
President Taft's son, Robert, who
leads his class in the Harvard Law
School, was recently elected editor
of the Harvard Law Review.
The Ohio State "Lantern" has a
competitor at the university in the
form of a new weekly publication.
Those backing the new enterprise
assert that the "Lantern" does not
£ive editorial support to university
activities.
President Taft's son, Robert, who
leads his class in the Harvard Law
School, was recently elected editor
of the Harvard Law Review.
The Ohio State "Lantern" has a
competitor at the university in the
form of a new weekly publication.
Those backing the new enterprise
assert that the "Lantern" does not
£ive editorial support to university
activities.
President Taft's son, Robert, who
leads his class in the Harvard Law
School, was recently elected editor
of the Harvard Law Review.
The Ohio State "Lantern" has a
competitor at the university in the
form of a new weekly publication.
Those backing the new enterprise
assert that the "Lantern" does not
£ive editorial support to university
activities.
President Taft's son, Robert, who
leads his class in the Harvard Law
School, was recently elected editor
of the Harvard Law Review.
The Ohio State "Lantern" has a
competitor at the university in the
form of a new weekly publication.
Those backing the new enterprise
assert that the "Lantern" does not
£ive editorial support to university
activities.
President Taft's son, Robert, who
leads his class in the Harvard Law
School, was recently elected editor
of the Harvard Law Review.
The Ohio State "Lantern" has a
competitor at the university in the
form of a new weekly publication.
Those backing the new enterprise
assert that the "Lantern" does not
£ive editorial support to university
activities.
President Taft's son, Robert, who
leads his class in the Harvard Law
School, was recently elected editor
of the Harvard Law Review.
