# Adv. 20 Page 3
## 
### 
INTERNATIONAL
TOURING
ARRANGEMENTS
ft AIRLINES
ft STEAMSHIP LINES
ft AMERICAN EXPRESS
ft THOMAS COOK
ft SITA
Student groups and/or
individual tours
STANFORD
CRUISE-TOURS
542 Ramona DA 4-1691
Watch for us in the new
shopping center on
the campus
INTERNATIONAL
TOURING
ARRANGEMENTS
ft AIRLINES
ft STEAMSHIP LINES
ft AMERICAN EXPRESS
ft THOMAS COOK
ft SITA
Student groups and/or
individual tours
STANFORD
CRUISE-TOURS
542 Ramona DA 4-1691
Watch for us in the new
shopping center on
the campus
INTERNATIONAL
TOURING
ARRANGEMENTS
ft AIRLINES
ft STEAMSHIP LINES
ft AMERICAN EXPRESS
ft THOMAS COOK
ft SITA
Student groups and/or
individual tours
STANFORD
CRUISE-TOURS
542 Ramona DA 4-1691
Watch for us in the new
shopping center on
the campus
INTERNATIONAL
TOURING
ARRANGEMENTS
ft AIRLINES
ft STEAMSHIP LINES
ft AMERICAN EXPRESS
ft THOMAS COOK
ft SITA
Student groups and/or
individual tours
STANFORD
CRUISE-TOURS
542 Ramona DA 4-1691
Watch for us in the new
shopping center on
the campus
INTERNATIONAL
TOURING
ARRANGEMENTS
ft AIRLINES
ft STEAMSHIP LINES
ft AMERICAN EXPRESS
ft THOMAS COOK
ft SITA
Student groups and/or
individual tours
STANFORD
CRUISE-TOURS
542 Ramona DA 4-1691
Watch for us in the new
shopping center on
the campus
INTERNATIONAL
TOURING
ARRANGEMENTS
ft AIRLINES
ft STEAMSHIP LINES
ft AMERICAN EXPRESS
ft THOMAS COOK
ft SITA
Student groups and/or
individual tours
STANFORD
CRUISE-TOURS
542 Ramona DA 4-1691
Watch for us in the new
shopping center on
the campus
INTERNATIONAL
TOURING
ARRANGEMENTS
ft AIRLINES
ft STEAMSHIP LINES
ft AMERICAN EXPRESS
ft THOMAS COOK
ft SITA
Student groups and/or
individual tours
STANFORD
CRUISE-TOURS
542 Ramona DA 4-1691
Watch for us in the new
shopping center on
the campus
INTERNATIONAL
TOURING
ARRANGEMENTS
ft AIRLINES
ft STEAMSHIP LINES
ft AMERICAN EXPRESS
ft THOMAS COOK
ft SITA
Student groups and/or
individual tours
STANFORD
CRUISE-TOURS
542 Ramona DA 4-1691
Watch for us in the new
shopping center on
the campus
INTERNATIONAL
TOURING
ARRANGEMENTS
ft AIRLINES
ft STEAMSHIP LINES
ft AMERICAN EXPRESS
ft THOMAS COOK
ft SITA
Student groups and/or
individual tours
STANFORD
CRUISE-TOURS
542 Ramona DA 4-1691
Watch for us in the new
shopping center on
the campus
INTERNATIONAL
TOURING
ARRANGEMENTS
ft AIRLINES
ft STEAMSHIP LINES
ft AMERICAN EXPRESS
ft THOMAS COOK
ft SITA
Student groups and/or
individual tours
STANFORD
CRUISE-TOURS
542 Ramona DA 4-1691
Watch for us in the new
shopping center on
the campus
INTERNATIONAL
TOURING
ARRANGEMENTS
ft AIRLINES
ft STEAMSHIP LINES
ft AMERICAN EXPRESS
ft THOMAS COOK
ft SITA
Student groups and/or
individual tours
STANFORD
CRUISE-TOURS
542 Ramona DA 4-1691
Watch for us in the new
shopping center on
the campus
INTERNATIONAL
TOURING
ARRANGEMENTS
ft AIRLINES
ft STEAMSHIP LINES
ft AMERICAN EXPRESS
ft THOMAS COOK
ft SITA
Student groups and/or
individual tours
STANFORD
CRUISE-TOURS
542 Ramona DA 4-1691
Watch for us in the new
shopping center on
the campus
INTERNATIONAL
TOURING
ARRANGEMENTS
ft AIRLINES
ft STEAMSHIP LINES
ft AMERICAN EXPRESS
ft THOMAS COOK
ft SITA
Student groups and/or
individual tours
STANFORD
CRUISE-TOURS
542 Ramona DA 4-1691
Watch for us in the new
shopping center on
the campus
INTERNATIONAL
TOURING
ARRANGEMENTS
ft AIRLINES
ft STEAMSHIP LINES
ft AMERICAN EXPRESS
ft THOMAS COOK
ft SITA
Student groups and/or
individual tours
STANFORD
CRUISE-TOURS
542 Ramona DA 4-1691
Watch for us in the new
shopping center on
the campus
INTERNATIONAL
TOURING
ARRANGEMENTS
ft AIRLINES
ft STEAMSHIP LINES
ft AMERICAN EXPRESS
ft THOMAS COOK
ft SITA
Student groups and/or
individual tours
STANFORD
CRUISE-TOURS
542 Ramona DA 4-1691
Watch for us in the new
shopping center on
the campus
