# Some Stanford-USC Tickets Go on Sale
## 
### 
A few regular reserved seat tickets
for the Stanford-USC game in Los
Angeles Nov. 4 are on sale in the
BAC, the Athletic Department an
nounced yesterday.
The cost of the seats in the Coli
seum is $3.50 each.
A few regular reserved seat tickets
for the Stanford-USC game in Los
Angeles Nov. 4 are on sale in the
BAC, the Athletic Department an
nounced yesterday.
The cost of the seats in the Coli
seum is $3.50 each.
A few regular reserved seat tickets
for the Stanford-USC game in Los
Angeles Nov. 4 are on sale in the
BAC, the Athletic Department an
nounced yesterday.
The cost of the seats in the Coli
seum is $3.50 each.
A few regular reserved seat tickets
for the Stanford-USC game in Los
Angeles Nov. 4 are on sale in the
BAC, the Athletic Department an
nounced yesterday.
The cost of the seats in the Coli
seum is $3.50 each.
A few regular reserved seat tickets
for the Stanford-USC game in Los
Angeles Nov. 4 are on sale in the
BAC, the Athletic Department an
nounced yesterday.
The cost of the seats in the Coli
seum is $3.50 each.
A few regular reserved seat tickets
for the Stanford-USC game in Los
Angeles Nov. 4 are on sale in the
BAC, the Athletic Department an
nounced yesterday.
The cost of the seats in the Coli
seum is $3.50 each.
A few regular reserved seat tickets
for the Stanford-USC game in Los
Angeles Nov. 4 are on sale in the
BAC, the Athletic Department an
nounced yesterday.
The cost of the seats in the Coli
seum is $3.50 each.
A few regular reserved seat tickets
for the Stanford-USC game in Los
Angeles Nov. 4 are on sale in the
BAC, the Athletic Department an
nounced yesterday.
The cost of the seats in the Coli
seum is $3.50 each.
A few regular reserved seat tickets
for the Stanford-USC game in Los
Angeles Nov. 4 are on sale in the
BAC, the Athletic Department an
nounced yesterday.
The cost of the seats in the Coli
seum is $3.50 each.
A few regular reserved seat tickets
for the Stanford-USC game in Los
Angeles Nov. 4 are on sale in the
BAC, the Athletic Department an
nounced yesterday.
The cost of the seats in the Coli
seum is $3.50 each.
A few regular reserved seat tickets
for the Stanford-USC game in Los
Angeles Nov. 4 are on sale in the
BAC, the Athletic Department an
nounced yesterday.
The cost of the seats in the Coli
seum is $3.50 each.
A few regular reserved seat tickets
for the Stanford-USC game in Los
Angeles Nov. 4 are on sale in the
BAC, the Athletic Department an
nounced yesterday.
The cost of the seats in the Coli
seum is $3.50 each.
A few regular reserved seat tickets
for the Stanford-USC game in Los
Angeles Nov. 4 are on sale in the
BAC, the Athletic Department an
nounced yesterday.
The cost of the seats in the Coli
seum is $3.50 each.
A few regular reserved seat tickets
for the Stanford-USC game in Los
Angeles Nov. 4 are on sale in the
BAC, the Athletic Department an
nounced yesterday.
The cost of the seats in the Coli
seum is $3.50 each.
A few regular reserved seat tickets
for the Stanford-USC game in Los
Angeles Nov. 4 are on sale in the
BAC, the Athletic Department an
nounced yesterday.
The cost of the seats in the Coli
seum is $3.50 each.
