# Correction
## 
### 
In "Examining this year's
ASSU Executive Slates"
(April 9), The Daily inaccu
rately characterized some of
the details of the Woodson/
Richard platform. Please
find the correct version of
the piece online at stanford
daily.com. The Daily regrets
the error.
In "Examining this year's
ASSU Executive Slates"
(April 9), The Daily inaccu
rately characterized some of
the details of the Woodson/
Richard platform. Please
find the correct version of
the piece online at stanford
daily.com. The Daily regrets
the error.
In "Examining this year's
ASSU Executive Slates"
(April 9), The Daily inaccu
rately characterized some of
the details of the Woodson/
Richard platform. Please
find the correct version of
the piece online at stanford
daily.com. The Daily regrets
the error.
In "Examining this year's
ASSU Executive Slates"
(April 9), The Daily inaccu
rately characterized some of
the details of the Woodson/
Richard platform. Please
find the correct version of
the piece online at stanford
daily.com. The Daily regrets
the error.
In "Examining this year's
ASSU Executive Slates"
(April 9), The Daily inaccu
rately characterized some of
the details of the Woodson/
Richard platform. Please
find the correct version of
the piece online at stanford
daily.com. The Daily regrets
the error.
In "Examining this year's
ASSU Executive Slates"
(April 9), The Daily inaccu
rately characterized some of
the details of the Woodson/
Richard platform. Please
find the correct version of
the piece online at stanford
daily.com. The Daily regrets
the error.
In "Examining this year's
ASSU Executive Slates"
(April 9), The Daily inaccu
rately characterized some of
the details of the Woodson/
Richard platform. Please
find the correct version of
the piece online at stanford
daily.com. The Daily regrets
the error.
In "Examining this year's
ASSU Executive Slates"
(April 9), The Daily inaccu
rately characterized some of
the details of the Woodson/
Richard platform. Please
find the correct version of
the piece online at stanford
daily.com. The Daily regrets
the error.
