# Fifty NROTC Men Take Flight Tour
## 
### 
Fifty midshipmen of Stanford's
NROTC unit took part in a flight
tour last Saturday. The middies
Hew from MofTett Field early Sat
urday morning, land spent the day
at the Naval Reserve Air Station at
International Airport in Oakland.
Lt. Cmdr. E. E. Kerr, of Stanford's
NHO, said that the Highl was a fea
ture of the Navy's aviation indoc
trination program.
Fifty midshipmen of Stanford's
NROTC unit took part in a flight
tour last Saturday. The middies
Hew from MofTett Field early Sat
urday morning, land spent the day
at the Naval Reserve Air Station at
International Airport in Oakland.
Lt. Cmdr. E. E. Kerr, of Stanford's
NHO, said that the Highl was a fea
ture of the Navy's aviation indoc
trination program.
Fifty midshipmen of Stanford's
NROTC unit took part in a flight
tour last Saturday. The middies
Hew from MofTett Field early Sat
urday morning, land spent the day
at the Naval Reserve Air Station at
International Airport in Oakland.
Lt. Cmdr. E. E. Kerr, of Stanford's
NHO, said that the Highl was a fea
ture of the Navy's aviation indoc
trination program.
Fifty midshipmen of Stanford's
NROTC unit took part in a flight
tour last Saturday. The middies
Hew from MofTett Field early Sat
urday morning, land spent the day
at the Naval Reserve Air Station at
International Airport in Oakland.
Lt. Cmdr. E. E. Kerr, of Stanford's
NHO, said that the Highl was a fea
ture of the Navy's aviation indoc
trination program.
Fifty midshipmen of Stanford's
NROTC unit took part in a flight
tour last Saturday. The middies
Hew from MofTett Field early Sat
urday morning, land spent the day
at the Naval Reserve Air Station at
International Airport in Oakland.
Lt. Cmdr. E. E. Kerr, of Stanford's
NHO, said that the Highl was a fea
ture of the Navy's aviation indoc
trination program.
Fifty midshipmen of Stanford's
NROTC unit took part in a flight
tour last Saturday. The middies
Hew from MofTett Field early Sat
urday morning, land spent the day
at the Naval Reserve Air Station at
International Airport in Oakland.
Lt. Cmdr. E. E. Kerr, of Stanford's
NHO, said that the Highl was a fea
ture of the Navy's aviation indoc
trination program.
Fifty midshipmen of Stanford's
NROTC unit took part in a flight
tour last Saturday. The middies
Hew from MofTett Field early Sat
urday morning, land spent the day
at the Naval Reserve Air Station at
International Airport in Oakland.
Lt. Cmdr. E. E. Kerr, of Stanford's
NHO, said that the Highl was a fea
ture of the Navy's aviation indoc
trination program.
Fifty midshipmen of Stanford's
NROTC unit took part in a flight
tour last Saturday. The middies
Hew from MofTett Field early Sat
urday morning, land spent the day
at the Naval Reserve Air Station at
International Airport in Oakland.
Lt. Cmdr. E. E. Kerr, of Stanford's
NHO, said that the Highl was a fea
ture of the Navy's aviation indoc
trination program.
Fifty midshipmen of Stanford's
NROTC unit took part in a flight
tour last Saturday. The middies
Hew from MofTett Field early Sat
urday morning, land spent the day
at the Naval Reserve Air Station at
International Airport in Oakland.
Lt. Cmdr. E. E. Kerr, of Stanford's
NHO, said that the Highl was a fea
ture of the Navy's aviation indoc
trination program.
Fifty midshipmen of Stanford's
NROTC unit took part in a flight
tour last Saturday. The middies
Hew from MofTett Field early Sat
urday morning, land spent the day
at the Naval Reserve Air Station at
International Airport in Oakland.
Lt. Cmdr. E. E. Kerr, of Stanford's
NHO, said that the Highl was a fea
ture of the Navy's aviation indoc
trination program.
Fifty midshipmen of Stanford's
NROTC unit took part in a flight
tour last Saturday. The middies
Hew from MofTett Field early Sat
urday morning, land spent the day
at the Naval Reserve Air Station at
International Airport in Oakland.
Lt. Cmdr. E. E. Kerr, of Stanford's
NHO, said that the Highl was a fea
ture of the Navy's aviation indoc
trination program.
Fifty midshipmen of Stanford's
NROTC unit took part in a flight
tour last Saturday. The middies
Hew from MofTett Field early Sat
urday morning, land spent the day
at the Naval Reserve Air Station at
International Airport in Oakland.
Lt. Cmdr. E. E. Kerr, of Stanford's
NHO, said that the Highl was a fea
ture of the Navy's aviation indoc
trination program.
Fifty midshipmen of Stanford's
NROTC unit took part in a flight
tour last Saturday. The middies
Hew from MofTett Field early Sat
urday morning, land spent the day
at the Naval Reserve Air Station at
International Airport in Oakland.
Lt. Cmdr. E. E. Kerr, of Stanford's
NHO, said that the Highl was a fea
ture of the Navy's aviation indoc
trination program.
Fifty midshipmen of Stanford's
NROTC unit took part in a flight
tour last Saturday. The middies
Hew from MofTett Field early Sat
urday morning, land spent the day
at the Naval Reserve Air Station at
International Airport in Oakland.
Lt. Cmdr. E. E. Kerr, of Stanford's
NHO, said that the Highl was a fea
ture of the Navy's aviation indoc
trination program.
