# Mike Hudson Places First in Speech Contest
## 
### 
Mike Hudson, Stanford sopho
more, won first place in the im
promptu division of the Pi Kappa
Delta speaking tournament this
weekend at the College of the Pa
cific.
John Falchi, freshman, took sec
ond place in oratory, and Rence
Senior and Glen West reached the
finals in the debate division.
Mike Hudson, Stanford sopho
more, won first place in the im
promptu division of the Pi Kappa
Delta speaking tournament this
weekend at the College of the Pa
cific.
John Falchi, freshman, took sec
ond place in oratory, and Rence
Senior and Glen West reached the
finals in the debate division.
Mike Hudson, Stanford sopho
more, won first place in the im
promptu division of the Pi Kappa
Delta speaking tournament this
weekend at the College of the Pa
cific.
John Falchi, freshman, took sec
ond place in oratory, and Rence
Senior and Glen West reached the
finals in the debate division.
Mike Hudson, Stanford sopho
more, won first place in the im
promptu division of the Pi Kappa
Delta speaking tournament this
weekend at the College of the Pa
cific.
John Falchi, freshman, took sec
ond place in oratory, and Rence
Senior and Glen West reached the
finals in the debate division.
Mike Hudson, Stanford sopho
more, won first place in the im
promptu division of the Pi Kappa
Delta speaking tournament this
weekend at the College of the Pa
cific.
John Falchi, freshman, took sec
ond place in oratory, and Rence
Senior and Glen West reached the
finals in the debate division.
Mike Hudson, Stanford sopho
more, won first place in the im
promptu division of the Pi Kappa
Delta speaking tournament this
weekend at the College of the Pa
cific.
John Falchi, freshman, took sec
ond place in oratory, and Rence
Senior and Glen West reached the
finals in the debate division.
Mike Hudson, Stanford sopho
more, won first place in the im
promptu division of the Pi Kappa
Delta speaking tournament this
weekend at the College of the Pa
cific.
John Falchi, freshman, took sec
ond place in oratory, and Rence
Senior and Glen West reached the
finals in the debate division.
Mike Hudson, Stanford sopho
more, won first place in the im
promptu division of the Pi Kappa
Delta speaking tournament this
weekend at the College of the Pa
cific.
John Falchi, freshman, took sec
ond place in oratory, and Rence
Senior and Glen West reached the
finals in the debate division.
Mike Hudson, Stanford sopho
more, won first place in the im
promptu division of the Pi Kappa
Delta speaking tournament this
weekend at the College of the Pa
cific.
John Falchi, freshman, took sec
ond place in oratory, and Rence
Senior and Glen West reached the
finals in the debate division.
Mike Hudson, Stanford sopho
more, won first place in the im
promptu division of the Pi Kappa
Delta speaking tournament this
weekend at the College of the Pa
cific.
John Falchi, freshman, took sec
ond place in oratory, and Rence
Senior and Glen West reached the
finals in the debate division.
Mike Hudson, Stanford sopho
more, won first place in the im
promptu division of the Pi Kappa
Delta speaking tournament this
weekend at the College of the Pa
cific.
John Falchi, freshman, took sec
ond place in oratory, and Rence
Senior and Glen West reached the
finals in the debate division.
Mike Hudson, Stanford sopho
more, won first place in the im
promptu division of the Pi Kappa
Delta speaking tournament this
weekend at the College of the Pa
cific.
John Falchi, freshman, took sec
ond place in oratory, and Rence
Senior and Glen West reached the
finals in the debate division.
Mike Hudson, Stanford sopho
more, won first place in the im
promptu division of the Pi Kappa
Delta speaking tournament this
weekend at the College of the Pa
cific.
John Falchi, freshman, took sec
ond place in oratory, and Rence
Senior and Glen West reached the
finals in the debate division.
Mike Hudson, Stanford sopho
more, won first place in the im
promptu division of the Pi Kappa
Delta speaking tournament this
weekend at the College of the Pa
cific.
John Falchi, freshman, took sec
ond place in oratory, and Rence
Senior and Glen West reached the
finals in the debate division.
