# Tickets Go on Sale For Griller Concert
## 
### 
Tickets arc now on sale for the
performance of the Griller String
Quartet which will take place at 8
p.m. Wednesday in Cubbcrley Au
ditorium.
They may be obtained at. the Me
morial Auditorium box officc from
12:30 to 4:30 p.m. and at. the Penin
sula Box Office in Palo Alto for
$1.50, general admission, and $1,
students.
Celebrating their 25th anniversary
this year, these British musicians
will play a program of Haydn, Rub
bra, and Beethoven.
The quartet has given more than
2,100 concerts in the United States,
Europe, Australia, and New Zea
land. The group is composed of the
leader, Sidney Griller, and Jack
O'Brien, violins; Philip Burton,
viola; and Colin Hampton, 'cello.
Tickets arc now on sale for the
performance of the Griller String
Quartet which will take place at 8
p.m. Wednesday in Cubbcrley Au
ditorium.
They may be obtained at. the Me
morial Auditorium box officc from
12:30 to 4:30 p.m. and at. the Penin
sula Box Office in Palo Alto for
$1.50, general admission, and $1,
students.
Celebrating their 25th anniversary
this year, these British musicians
will play a program of Haydn, Rub
bra, and Beethoven.
The quartet has given more than
2,100 concerts in the United States,
Europe, Australia, and New Zea
land. The group is composed of the
leader, Sidney Griller, and Jack
O'Brien, violins; Philip Burton,
viola; and Colin Hampton, 'cello.
Tickets arc now on sale for the
performance of the Griller String
Quartet which will take place at 8
p.m. Wednesday in Cubbcrley Au
ditorium.
They may be obtained at. the Me
morial Auditorium box officc from
12:30 to 4:30 p.m. and at. the Penin
sula Box Office in Palo Alto for
$1.50, general admission, and $1,
students.
Celebrating their 25th anniversary
this year, these British musicians
will play a program of Haydn, Rub
bra, and Beethoven.
The quartet has given more than
2,100 concerts in the United States,
Europe, Australia, and New Zea
land. The group is composed of the
leader, Sidney Griller, and Jack
O'Brien, violins; Philip Burton,
viola; and Colin Hampton, 'cello.
Tickets arc now on sale for the
performance of the Griller String
Quartet which will take place at 8
p.m. Wednesday in Cubbcrley Au
ditorium.
They may be obtained at. the Me
morial Auditorium box officc from
12:30 to 4:30 p.m. and at. the Penin
sula Box Office in Palo Alto for
$1.50, general admission, and $1,
students.
Celebrating their 25th anniversary
this year, these British musicians
will play a program of Haydn, Rub
bra, and Beethoven.
The quartet has given more than
2,100 concerts in the United States,
Europe, Australia, and New Zea
land. The group is composed of the
leader, Sidney Griller, and Jack
O'Brien, violins; Philip Burton,
viola; and Colin Hampton, 'cello.
Tickets arc now on sale for the
performance of the Griller String
Quartet which will take place at 8
p.m. Wednesday in Cubbcrley Au
ditorium.
They may be obtained at. the Me
morial Auditorium box officc from
12:30 to 4:30 p.m. and at. the Penin
sula Box Office in Palo Alto for
$1.50, general admission, and $1,
students.
Celebrating their 25th anniversary
this year, these British musicians
will play a program of Haydn, Rub
bra, and Beethoven.
The quartet has given more than
2,100 concerts in the United States,
Europe, Australia, and New Zea
land. The group is composed of the
leader, Sidney Griller, and Jack
O'Brien, violins; Philip Burton,
viola; and Colin Hampton, 'cello.
Tickets arc now on sale for the
performance of the Griller String
Quartet which will take place at 8
p.m. Wednesday in Cubbcrley Au
ditorium.
They may be obtained at. the Me
morial Auditorium box officc from
12:30 to 4:30 p.m. and at. the Penin
sula Box Office in Palo Alto for
$1.50, general admission, and $1,
students.
Celebrating their 25th anniversary
this year, these British musicians
will play a program of Haydn, Rub
bra, and Beethoven.
The quartet has given more than
2,100 concerts in the United States,
Europe, Australia, and New Zea
land. The group is composed of the
leader, Sidney Griller, and Jack
O'Brien, violins; Philip Burton,
viola; and Colin Hampton, 'cello.
Tickets arc now on sale for the
performance of the Griller String
Quartet which will take place at 8
p.m. Wednesday in Cubbcrley Au
ditorium.
They may be obtained at. the Me
morial Auditorium box officc from
12:30 to 4:30 p.m. and at. the Penin
sula Box Office in Palo Alto for
$1.50, general admission, and $1,
students.
Celebrating their 25th anniversary
this year, these British musicians
will play a program of Haydn, Rub
bra, and Beethoven.
The quartet has given more than
2,100 concerts in the United States,
Europe, Australia, and New Zea
land. The group is composed of the
leader, Sidney Griller, and Jack
O'Brien, violins; Philip Burton,
viola; and Colin Hampton, 'cello.
Tickets arc now on sale for the
performance of the Griller String
Quartet which will take place at 8
p.m. Wednesday in Cubbcrley Au
ditorium.
They may be obtained at. the Me
morial Auditorium box officc from
12:30 to 4:30 p.m. and at. the Penin
sula Box Office in Palo Alto for
$1.50, general admission, and $1,
students.
Celebrating their 25th anniversary
this year, these British musicians
will play a program of Haydn, Rub
bra, and Beethoven.
The quartet has given more than
2,100 concerts in the United States,
Europe, Australia, and New Zea
land. The group is composed of the
leader, Sidney Griller, and Jack
O'Brien, violins; Philip Burton,
viola; and Colin Hampton, 'cello.
Tickets arc now on sale for the
performance of the Griller String
Quartet which will take place at 8
p.m. Wednesday in Cubbcrley Au
ditorium.
They may be obtained at. the Me
morial Auditorium box officc from
12:30 to 4:30 p.m. and at. the Penin
sula Box Office in Palo Alto for
$1.50, general admission, and $1,
students.
Celebrating their 25th anniversary
this year, these British musicians
will play a program of Haydn, Rub
bra, and Beethoven.
The quartet has given more than
2,100 concerts in the United States,
Europe, Australia, and New Zea
land. The group is composed of the
leader, Sidney Griller, and Jack
O'Brien, violins; Philip Burton,
viola; and Colin Hampton, 'cello.
Tickets arc now on sale for the
performance of the Griller String
Quartet which will take place at 8
p.m. Wednesday in Cubbcrley Au
ditorium.
They may be obtained at. the Me
morial Auditorium box officc from
12:30 to 4:30 p.m. and at. the Penin
sula Box Office in Palo Alto for
$1.50, general admission, and $1,
students.
Celebrating their 25th anniversary
this year, these British musicians
will play a program of Haydn, Rub
bra, and Beethoven.
The quartet has given more than
2,100 concerts in the United States,
Europe, Australia, and New Zea
land. The group is composed of the
leader, Sidney Griller, and Jack
O'Brien, violins; Philip Burton,
viola; and Colin Hampton, 'cello.
Tickets arc now on sale for the
performance of the Griller String
Quartet which will take place at 8
p.m. Wednesday in Cubbcrley Au
ditorium.
They may be obtained at. the Me
morial Auditorium box officc from
12:30 to 4:30 p.m. and at. the Penin
sula Box Office in Palo Alto for
$1.50, general admission, and $1,
students.
Celebrating their 25th anniversary
this year, these British musicians
will play a program of Haydn, Rub
bra, and Beethoven.
The quartet has given more than
2,100 concerts in the United States,
Europe, Australia, and New Zea
land. The group is composed of the
leader, Sidney Griller, and Jack
O'Brien, violins; Philip Burton,
viola; and Colin Hampton, 'cello.
Tickets arc now on sale for the
performance of the Griller String
Quartet which will take place at 8
p.m. Wednesday in Cubbcrley Au
ditorium.
They may be obtained at. the Me
morial Auditorium box officc from
12:30 to 4:30 p.m. and at. the Penin
sula Box Office in Palo Alto for
$1.50, general admission, and $1,
students.
Celebrating their 25th anniversary
this year, these British musicians
will play a program of Haydn, Rub
bra, and Beethoven.
The quartet has given more than
2,100 concerts in the United States,
Europe, Australia, and New Zea
land. The group is composed of the
leader, Sidney Griller, and Jack
O'Brien, violins; Philip Burton,
viola; and Colin Hampton, 'cello.
Tickets arc now on sale for the
performance of the Griller String
Quartet which will take place at 8
p.m. Wednesday in Cubbcrley Au
ditorium.
They may be obtained at. the Me
morial Auditorium box officc from
12:30 to 4:30 p.m. and at. the Penin
sula Box Office in Palo Alto for
$1.50, general admission, and $1,
students.
Celebrating their 25th anniversary
this year, these British musicians
will play a program of Haydn, Rub
bra, and Beethoven.
The quartet has given more than
2,100 concerts in the United States,
Europe, Australia, and New Zea
land. The group is composed of the
leader, Sidney Griller, and Jack
O'Brien, violins; Philip Burton,
viola; and Colin Hampton, 'cello.
Tickets arc now on sale for the
performance of the Griller String
Quartet which will take place at 8
p.m. Wednesday in Cubbcrley Au
ditorium.
They may be obtained at. the Me
morial Auditorium box officc from
12:30 to 4:30 p.m. and at. the Penin
sula Box Office in Palo Alto for
$1.50, general admission, and $1,
students.
Celebrating their 25th anniversary
this year, these British musicians
will play a program of Haydn, Rub
bra, and Beethoven.
The quartet has given more than
2,100 concerts in the United States,
Europe, Australia, and New Zea
land. The group is composed of the
leader, Sidney Griller, and Jack
O'Brien, violins; Philip Burton,
viola; and Colin Hampton, 'cello.
