# Flying Club Plans Field Trip Sunday
## 
### 
Stanford flying enthusiasts arc in
vited to the open house aircraft
demonstration at Hamilton Field
this Sunday, Walter Lull. Stanford
Flying Club president, said yester
day.
Only planes with two-way radio
equipment may land at Hamilton.
Hadioless ships will land at nearby
Ignacio Field, and club members
driving to Hamilton will stop at
Ignacio to pick up pilots flying to
the open house.
Lull said helicopters, B-29's, and
air-sca rescue will be on demon
stration for the Stanford group.
Breakfast will be eaten at the field
restaurant.
Students can reserve a Palo Alto
Airport plane for the trip by call
ing Lull at P.A. 86:15. If auto trans
portation is desired, Lull said, a
number of seats arc available in
members' cars.
Stanford flying enthusiasts arc in
vited to the open house aircraft
demonstration at Hamilton Field
this Sunday, Walter Lull. Stanford
Flying Club president, said yester
day.
Only planes with two-way radio
equipment may land at Hamilton.
Hadioless ships will land at nearby
Ignacio Field, and club members
driving to Hamilton will stop at
Ignacio to pick up pilots flying to
the open house.
Lull said helicopters, B-29's, and
air-sca rescue will be on demon
stration for the Stanford group.
Breakfast will be eaten at the field
restaurant.
Students can reserve a Palo Alto
Airport plane for the trip by call
ing Lull at P.A. 86:15. If auto trans
portation is desired, Lull said, a
number of seats arc available in
members' cars.
Stanford flying enthusiasts arc in
vited to the open house aircraft
demonstration at Hamilton Field
this Sunday, Walter Lull. Stanford
Flying Club president, said yester
day.
Only planes with two-way radio
equipment may land at Hamilton.
Hadioless ships will land at nearby
Ignacio Field, and club members
driving to Hamilton will stop at
Ignacio to pick up pilots flying to
the open house.
Lull said helicopters, B-29's, and
air-sca rescue will be on demon
stration for the Stanford group.
Breakfast will be eaten at the field
restaurant.
Students can reserve a Palo Alto
Airport plane for the trip by call
ing Lull at P.A. 86:15. If auto trans
portation is desired, Lull said, a
number of seats arc available in
members' cars.
Stanford flying enthusiasts arc in
vited to the open house aircraft
demonstration at Hamilton Field
this Sunday, Walter Lull. Stanford
Flying Club president, said yester
day.
Only planes with two-way radio
equipment may land at Hamilton.
Hadioless ships will land at nearby
Ignacio Field, and club members
driving to Hamilton will stop at
Ignacio to pick up pilots flying to
the open house.
Lull said helicopters, B-29's, and
air-sca rescue will be on demon
stration for the Stanford group.
Breakfast will be eaten at the field
restaurant.
Students can reserve a Palo Alto
Airport plane for the trip by call
ing Lull at P.A. 86:15. If auto trans
portation is desired, Lull said, a
number of seats arc available in
members' cars.
Stanford flying enthusiasts arc in
vited to the open house aircraft
demonstration at Hamilton Field
this Sunday, Walter Lull. Stanford
Flying Club president, said yester
day.
Only planes with two-way radio
equipment may land at Hamilton.
Hadioless ships will land at nearby
Ignacio Field, and club members
driving to Hamilton will stop at
Ignacio to pick up pilots flying to
the open house.
Lull said helicopters, B-29's, and
air-sca rescue will be on demon
stration for the Stanford group.
Breakfast will be eaten at the field
restaurant.
Students can reserve a Palo Alto
Airport plane for the trip by call
ing Lull at P.A. 86:15. If auto trans
portation is desired, Lull said, a
number of seats arc available in
members' cars.
Stanford flying enthusiasts arc in
vited to the open house aircraft
demonstration at Hamilton Field
this Sunday, Walter Lull. Stanford
Flying Club president, said yester
day.
Only planes with two-way radio
equipment may land at Hamilton.
Hadioless ships will land at nearby
Ignacio Field, and club members
driving to Hamilton will stop at
Ignacio to pick up pilots flying to
the open house.
Lull said helicopters, B-29's, and
air-sca rescue will be on demon
stration for the Stanford group.
Breakfast will be eaten at the field
restaurant.
Students can reserve a Palo Alto
Airport plane for the trip by call
ing Lull at P.A. 86:15. If auto trans
portation is desired, Lull said, a
number of seats arc available in
members' cars.
Stanford flying enthusiasts arc in
vited to the open house aircraft
demonstration at Hamilton Field
this Sunday, Walter Lull. Stanford
Flying Club president, said yester
day.
Only planes with two-way radio
equipment may land at Hamilton.
Hadioless ships will land at nearby
Ignacio Field, and club members
driving to Hamilton will stop at
Ignacio to pick up pilots flying to
the open house.
Lull said helicopters, B-29's, and
air-sca rescue will be on demon
stration for the Stanford group.
Breakfast will be eaten at the field
restaurant.
Students can reserve a Palo Alto
Airport plane for the trip by call
ing Lull at P.A. 86:15. If auto trans
portation is desired, Lull said, a
number of seats arc available in
members' cars.
Stanford flying enthusiasts arc in
vited to the open house aircraft
demonstration at Hamilton Field
this Sunday, Walter Lull. Stanford
Flying Club president, said yester
day.
Only planes with two-way radio
equipment may land at Hamilton.
Hadioless ships will land at nearby
Ignacio Field, and club members
driving to Hamilton will stop at
Ignacio to pick up pilots flying to
the open house.
Lull said helicopters, B-29's, and
air-sca rescue will be on demon
stration for the Stanford group.
Breakfast will be eaten at the field
restaurant.
Students can reserve a Palo Alto
Airport plane for the trip by call
ing Lull at P.A. 86:15. If auto trans
portation is desired, Lull said, a
number of seats arc available in
members' cars.
Stanford flying enthusiasts arc in
vited to the open house aircraft
demonstration at Hamilton Field
this Sunday, Walter Lull. Stanford
Flying Club president, said yester
day.
Only planes with two-way radio
equipment may land at Hamilton.
Hadioless ships will land at nearby
Ignacio Field, and club members
driving to Hamilton will stop at
Ignacio to pick up pilots flying to
the open house.
Lull said helicopters, B-29's, and
air-sca rescue will be on demon
stration for the Stanford group.
Breakfast will be eaten at the field
restaurant.
Students can reserve a Palo Alto
Airport plane for the trip by call
ing Lull at P.A. 86:15. If auto trans
portation is desired, Lull said, a
number of seats arc available in
members' cars.
Stanford flying enthusiasts arc in
vited to the open house aircraft
demonstration at Hamilton Field
this Sunday, Walter Lull. Stanford
Flying Club president, said yester
day.
Only planes with two-way radio
equipment may land at Hamilton.
Hadioless ships will land at nearby
Ignacio Field, and club members
driving to Hamilton will stop at
Ignacio to pick up pilots flying to
the open house.
Lull said helicopters, B-29's, and
air-sca rescue will be on demon
stration for the Stanford group.
Breakfast will be eaten at the field
restaurant.
Students can reserve a Palo Alto
Airport plane for the trip by call
ing Lull at P.A. 86:15. If auto trans
portation is desired, Lull said, a
number of seats arc available in
members' cars.
Stanford flying enthusiasts arc in
vited to the open house aircraft
demonstration at Hamilton Field
this Sunday, Walter Lull. Stanford
Flying Club president, said yester
day.
Only planes with two-way radio
equipment may land at Hamilton.
Hadioless ships will land at nearby
Ignacio Field, and club members
driving to Hamilton will stop at
Ignacio to pick up pilots flying to
the open house.
Lull said helicopters, B-29's, and
air-sca rescue will be on demon
stration for the Stanford group.
Breakfast will be eaten at the field
restaurant.
Students can reserve a Palo Alto
Airport plane for the trip by call
ing Lull at P.A. 86:15. If auto trans
portation is desired, Lull said, a
number of seats arc available in
members' cars.
Stanford flying enthusiasts arc in
vited to the open house aircraft
demonstration at Hamilton Field
this Sunday, Walter Lull. Stanford
Flying Club president, said yester
day.
Only planes with two-way radio
equipment may land at Hamilton.
Hadioless ships will land at nearby
Ignacio Field, and club members
driving to Hamilton will stop at
Ignacio to pick up pilots flying to
the open house.
Lull said helicopters, B-29's, and
air-sca rescue will be on demon
stration for the Stanford group.
Breakfast will be eaten at the field
restaurant.
Students can reserve a Palo Alto
Airport plane for the trip by call
ing Lull at P.A. 86:15. If auto trans
portation is desired, Lull said, a
number of seats arc available in
members' cars.
Stanford flying enthusiasts arc in
vited to the open house aircraft
demonstration at Hamilton Field
this Sunday, Walter Lull. Stanford
Flying Club president, said yester
day.
Only planes with two-way radio
equipment may land at Hamilton.
Hadioless ships will land at nearby
Ignacio Field, and club members
driving to Hamilton will stop at
Ignacio to pick up pilots flying to
the open house.
Lull said helicopters, B-29's, and
air-sca rescue will be on demon
stration for the Stanford group.
Breakfast will be eaten at the field
restaurant.
Students can reserve a Palo Alto
Airport plane for the trip by call
ing Lull at P.A. 86:15. If auto trans
portation is desired, Lull said, a
number of seats arc available in
members' cars.
Stanford flying enthusiasts arc in
vited to the open house aircraft
demonstration at Hamilton Field
this Sunday, Walter Lull. Stanford
Flying Club president, said yester
day.
Only planes with two-way radio
equipment may land at Hamilton.
Hadioless ships will land at nearby
Ignacio Field, and club members
driving to Hamilton will stop at
Ignacio to pick up pilots flying to
the open house.
Lull said helicopters, B-29's, and
air-sca rescue will be on demon
stration for the Stanford group.
Breakfast will be eaten at the field
restaurant.
Students can reserve a Palo Alto
Airport plane for the trip by call
ing Lull at P.A. 86:15. If auto trans
portation is desired, Lull said, a
number of seats arc available in
members' cars.
Stanford flying enthusiasts arc in
vited to the open house aircraft
demonstration at Hamilton Field
this Sunday, Walter Lull. Stanford
Flying Club president, said yester
day.
Only planes with two-way radio
equipment may land at Hamilton.
Hadioless ships will land at nearby
Ignacio Field, and club members
driving to Hamilton will stop at
Ignacio to pick up pilots flying to
the open house.
Lull said helicopters, B-29's, and
air-sca rescue will be on demon
stration for the Stanford group.
Breakfast will be eaten at the field
restaurant.
Students can reserve a Palo Alto
Airport plane for the trip by call
ing Lull at P.A. 86:15. If auto trans
portation is desired, Lull said, a
number of seats arc available in
members' cars.
