# De Gaulle Wants New Government
## 
### 
BORDEAUX, France, May 15
(UP). —Gen. Charles De Gaulle to
day demanded before a wildly
cheering throng of over 50.000 the
creation of a strong federal union
headed by a powerful president and
reassertion of French authority
throughout the rebelling empire.
Amid shouts of "De Gaulle to
power!" France's war-time resist
ance leader outlined for the first
time a program for organizing a
French federal union. He warned
that loss of colonies might cost
France its independence.
"Evolution of the French union
consists of linking France and her
overseas territories in a regime of
progressive association. It therefore
demands in France itself the exist
ence of a strong state to which the
whole union should be strongly
linked."
Although he did not mention the
Communists by name, De Gaulle
lashed out at French leaders who
are "subjected to any influences
other than their duty." He made it
clear his proposed French union
would scrap the constitution of the
Fourth Republic, under which the
president has only limited powers
and must answer to the leftist-dom
inated National Assembly.
BORDEAUX, France, May 15
(UP). —Gen. Charles De Gaulle to
day demanded before a wildly
cheering throng of over 50.000 the
creation of a strong federal union
headed by a powerful president and
reassertion of French authority
throughout the rebelling empire.
Amid shouts of "De Gaulle to
power!" France's war-time resist
ance leader outlined for the first
time a program for organizing a
French federal union. He warned
that loss of colonies might cost
France its independence.
"Evolution of the French union
consists of linking France and her
overseas territories in a regime of
progressive association. It therefore
demands in France itself the exist
ence of a strong state to which the
whole union should be strongly
linked."
Although he did not mention the
Communists by name, De Gaulle
lashed out at French leaders who
are "subjected to any influences
other than their duty." He made it
clear his proposed French union
would scrap the constitution of the
Fourth Republic, under which the
president has only limited powers
and must answer to the leftist-dom
inated National Assembly.
BORDEAUX, France, May 15
(UP). —Gen. Charles De Gaulle to
day demanded before a wildly
cheering throng of over 50.000 the
creation of a strong federal union
headed by a powerful president and
reassertion of French authority
throughout the rebelling empire.
Amid shouts of "De Gaulle to
power!" France's war-time resist
ance leader outlined for the first
time a program for organizing a
French federal union. He warned
that loss of colonies might cost
France its independence.
"Evolution of the French union
consists of linking France and her
overseas territories in a regime of
progressive association. It therefore
demands in France itself the exist
ence of a strong state to which the
whole union should be strongly
linked."
Although he did not mention the
Communists by name, De Gaulle
lashed out at French leaders who
are "subjected to any influences
other than their duty." He made it
clear his proposed French union
would scrap the constitution of the
Fourth Republic, under which the
president has only limited powers
and must answer to the leftist-dom
inated National Assembly.
BORDEAUX, France, May 15
(UP). —Gen. Charles De Gaulle to
day demanded before a wildly
cheering throng of over 50.000 the
creation of a strong federal union
headed by a powerful president and
reassertion of French authority
throughout the rebelling empire.
Amid shouts of "De Gaulle to
power!" France's war-time resist
ance leader outlined for the first
time a program for organizing a
French federal union. He warned
that loss of colonies might cost
France its independence.
"Evolution of the French union
consists of linking France and her
overseas territories in a regime of
progressive association. It therefore
demands in France itself the exist
ence of a strong state to which the
whole union should be strongly
linked."
Although he did not mention the
Communists by name, De Gaulle
lashed out at French leaders who
are "subjected to any influences
other than their duty." He made it
clear his proposed French union
would scrap the constitution of the
Fourth Republic, under which the
president has only limited powers
and must answer to the leftist-dom
inated National Assembly.
BORDEAUX, France, May 15
(UP). —Gen. Charles De Gaulle to
day demanded before a wildly
cheering throng of over 50.000 the
creation of a strong federal union
headed by a powerful president and
reassertion of French authority
throughout the rebelling empire.
Amid shouts of "De Gaulle to
power!" France's war-time resist
ance leader outlined for the first
time a program for organizing a
French federal union. He warned
that loss of colonies might cost
France its independence.
"Evolution of the French union
consists of linking France and her
overseas territories in a regime of
progressive association. It therefore
demands in France itself the exist
ence of a strong state to which the
whole union should be strongly
linked."
Although he did not mention the
Communists by name, De Gaulle
lashed out at French leaders who
are "subjected to any influences
other than their duty." He made it
clear his proposed French union
would scrap the constitution of the
Fourth Republic, under which the
president has only limited powers
and must answer to the leftist-dom
inated National Assembly.
BORDEAUX, France, May 15
(UP). —Gen. Charles De Gaulle to
day demanded before a wildly
cheering throng of over 50.000 the
creation of a strong federal union
headed by a powerful president and
reassertion of French authority
throughout the rebelling empire.
Amid shouts of "De Gaulle to
power!" France's war-time resist
ance leader outlined for the first
time a program for organizing a
French federal union. He warned
that loss of colonies might cost
France its independence.
"Evolution of the French union
consists of linking France and her
overseas territories in a regime of
progressive association. It therefore
demands in France itself the exist
ence of a strong state to which the
whole union should be strongly
linked."
Although he did not mention the
Communists by name, De Gaulle
lashed out at French leaders who
are "subjected to any influences
other than their duty." He made it
clear his proposed French union
would scrap the constitution of the
Fourth Republic, under which the
president has only limited powers
and must answer to the leftist-dom
inated National Assembly.
BORDEAUX, France, May 15
(UP). —Gen. Charles De Gaulle to
day demanded before a wildly
cheering throng of over 50.000 the
creation of a strong federal union
headed by a powerful president and
reassertion of French authority
throughout the rebelling empire.
Amid shouts of "De Gaulle to
power!" France's war-time resist
ance leader outlined for the first
time a program for organizing a
French federal union. He warned
that loss of colonies might cost
France its independence.
"Evolution of the French union
consists of linking France and her
overseas territories in a regime of
progressive association. It therefore
demands in France itself the exist
ence of a strong state to which the
whole union should be strongly
linked."
Although he did not mention the
Communists by name, De Gaulle
lashed out at French leaders who
are "subjected to any influences
other than their duty." He made it
clear his proposed French union
would scrap the constitution of the
Fourth Republic, under which the
president has only limited powers
and must answer to the leftist-dom
inated National Assembly.
BORDEAUX, France, May 15
(UP). —Gen. Charles De Gaulle to
day demanded before a wildly
cheering throng of over 50.000 the
creation of a strong federal union
headed by a powerful president and
reassertion of French authority
throughout the rebelling empire.
Amid shouts of "De Gaulle to
power!" France's war-time resist
ance leader outlined for the first
time a program for organizing a
French federal union. He warned
that loss of colonies might cost
France its independence.
"Evolution of the French union
consists of linking France and her
overseas territories in a regime of
progressive association. It therefore
demands in France itself the exist
ence of a strong state to which the
whole union should be strongly
linked."
Although he did not mention the
Communists by name, De Gaulle
lashed out at French leaders who
are "subjected to any influences
other than their duty." He made it
clear his proposed French union
would scrap the constitution of the
Fourth Republic, under which the
president has only limited powers
and must answer to the leftist-dom
inated National Assembly.
BORDEAUX, France, May 15
(UP). —Gen. Charles De Gaulle to
day demanded before a wildly
cheering throng of over 50.000 the
creation of a strong federal union
headed by a powerful president and
reassertion of French authority
throughout the rebelling empire.
Amid shouts of "De Gaulle to
power!" France's war-time resist
ance leader outlined for the first
time a program for organizing a
French federal union. He warned
that loss of colonies might cost
France its independence.
"Evolution of the French union
consists of linking France and her
overseas territories in a regime of
progressive association. It therefore
demands in France itself the exist
ence of a strong state to which the
whole union should be strongly
linked."
Although he did not mention the
Communists by name, De Gaulle
lashed out at French leaders who
are "subjected to any influences
other than their duty." He made it
clear his proposed French union
would scrap the constitution of the
Fourth Republic, under which the
president has only limited powers
and must answer to the leftist-dom
inated National Assembly.
BORDEAUX, France, May 15
(UP). —Gen. Charles De Gaulle to
day demanded before a wildly
cheering throng of over 50.000 the
creation of a strong federal union
headed by a powerful president and
reassertion of French authority
throughout the rebelling empire.
Amid shouts of "De Gaulle to
power!" France's war-time resist
ance leader outlined for the first
time a program for organizing a
French federal union. He warned
that loss of colonies might cost
France its independence.
"Evolution of the French union
consists of linking France and her
overseas territories in a regime of
progressive association. It therefore
demands in France itself the exist
ence of a strong state to which the
whole union should be strongly
linked."
Although he did not mention the
Communists by name, De Gaulle
lashed out at French leaders who
are "subjected to any influences
other than their duty." He made it
clear his proposed French union
would scrap the constitution of the
Fourth Republic, under which the
president has only limited powers
and must answer to the leftist-dom
inated National Assembly.
BORDEAUX, France, May 15
(UP). —Gen. Charles De Gaulle to
day demanded before a wildly
cheering throng of over 50.000 the
creation of a strong federal union
headed by a powerful president and
reassertion of French authority
throughout the rebelling empire.
Amid shouts of "De Gaulle to
power!" France's war-time resist
ance leader outlined for the first
time a program for organizing a
French federal union. He warned
that loss of colonies might cost
France its independence.
"Evolution of the French union
consists of linking France and her
overseas territories in a regime of
progressive association. It therefore
demands in France itself the exist
ence of a strong state to which the
whole union should be strongly
linked."
Although he did not mention the
Communists by name, De Gaulle
lashed out at French leaders who
are "subjected to any influences
other than their duty." He made it
clear his proposed French union
would scrap the constitution of the
Fourth Republic, under which the
president has only limited powers
and must answer to the leftist-dom
inated National Assembly.
BORDEAUX, France, May 15
(UP). —Gen. Charles De Gaulle to
day demanded before a wildly
cheering throng of over 50.000 the
creation of a strong federal union
headed by a powerful president and
reassertion of French authority
throughout the rebelling empire.
Amid shouts of "De Gaulle to
power!" France's war-time resist
ance leader outlined for the first
time a program for organizing a
French federal union. He warned
that loss of colonies might cost
France its independence.
"Evolution of the French union
consists of linking France and her
overseas territories in a regime of
progressive association. It therefore
demands in France itself the exist
ence of a strong state to which the
whole union should be strongly
linked."
Although he did not mention the
Communists by name, De Gaulle
lashed out at French leaders who
are "subjected to any influences
other than their duty." He made it
clear his proposed French union
would scrap the constitution of the
Fourth Republic, under which the
president has only limited powers
and must answer to the leftist-dom
inated National Assembly.
BORDEAUX, France, May 15
(UP). —Gen. Charles De Gaulle to
day demanded before a wildly
cheering throng of over 50.000 the
creation of a strong federal union
headed by a powerful president and
reassertion of French authority
throughout the rebelling empire.
Amid shouts of "De Gaulle to
power!" France's war-time resist
ance leader outlined for the first
time a program for organizing a
French federal union. He warned
that loss of colonies might cost
France its independence.
"Evolution of the French union
consists of linking France and her
overseas territories in a regime of
progressive association. It therefore
demands in France itself the exist
ence of a strong state to which the
whole union should be strongly
linked."
Although he did not mention the
Communists by name, De Gaulle
lashed out at French leaders who
are "subjected to any influences
other than their duty." He made it
clear his proposed French union
would scrap the constitution of the
Fourth Republic, under which the
president has only limited powers
and must answer to the leftist-dom
inated National Assembly.
BORDEAUX, France, May 15
(UP). —Gen. Charles De Gaulle to
day demanded before a wildly
cheering throng of over 50.000 the
creation of a strong federal union
headed by a powerful president and
reassertion of French authority
throughout the rebelling empire.
Amid shouts of "De Gaulle to
power!" France's war-time resist
ance leader outlined for the first
time a program for organizing a
French federal union. He warned
that loss of colonies might cost
France its independence.
"Evolution of the French union
consists of linking France and her
overseas territories in a regime of
progressive association. It therefore
demands in France itself the exist
ence of a strong state to which the
whole union should be strongly
linked."
Although he did not mention the
Communists by name, De Gaulle
lashed out at French leaders who
are "subjected to any influences
other than their duty." He made it
clear his proposed French union
would scrap the constitution of the
Fourth Republic, under which the
president has only limited powers
and must answer to the leftist-dom
inated National Assembly.
BORDEAUX, France, May 15
(UP). —Gen. Charles De Gaulle to
day demanded before a wildly
cheering throng of over 50.000 the
creation of a strong federal union
headed by a powerful president and
reassertion of French authority
throughout the rebelling empire.
Amid shouts of "De Gaulle to
power!" France's war-time resist
ance leader outlined for the first
time a program for organizing a
French federal union. He warned
that loss of colonies might cost
France its independence.
"Evolution of the French union
consists of linking France and her
overseas territories in a regime of
progressive association. It therefore
demands in France itself the exist
ence of a strong state to which the
whole union should be strongly
linked."
Although he did not mention the
Communists by name, De Gaulle
lashed out at French leaders who
are "subjected to any influences
other than their duty." He made it
clear his proposed French union
would scrap the constitution of the
Fourth Republic, under which the
president has only limited powers
and must answer to the leftist-dom
inated National Assembly.
