# Campus Has Visitor From Montevideo U.
## 
### 
Dr. Felipe Gil, secretary general
of the University of Montevideo,
Uruguay, recently visited the Stan
ford campus.
Dr. Gil conferred with Ronald
Hilton, associate professor of Ro
manic languages and head of the
Hispanic-American Regional Study
program. Donald B. Tresidder,
President of the University, met Dr.
Gil and conducted him about the
campus.
Dr. Felipe Gil, secretary general
of the University of Montevideo,
Uruguay, recently visited the Stan
ford campus.
Dr. Gil conferred with Ronald
Hilton, associate professor of Ro
manic languages and head of the
Hispanic-American Regional Study
program. Donald B. Tresidder,
President of the University, met Dr.
Gil and conducted him about the
campus.
Dr. Felipe Gil, secretary general
of the University of Montevideo,
Uruguay, recently visited the Stan
ford campus.
Dr. Gil conferred with Ronald
Hilton, associate professor of Ro
manic languages and head of the
Hispanic-American Regional Study
program. Donald B. Tresidder,
President of the University, met Dr.
Gil and conducted him about the
campus.
Dr. Felipe Gil, secretary general
of the University of Montevideo,
Uruguay, recently visited the Stan
ford campus.
Dr. Gil conferred with Ronald
Hilton, associate professor of Ro
manic languages and head of the
Hispanic-American Regional Study
program. Donald B. Tresidder,
President of the University, met Dr.
Gil and conducted him about the
campus.
Dr. Felipe Gil, secretary general
of the University of Montevideo,
Uruguay, recently visited the Stan
ford campus.
Dr. Gil conferred with Ronald
Hilton, associate professor of Ro
manic languages and head of the
Hispanic-American Regional Study
program. Donald B. Tresidder,
President of the University, met Dr.
Gil and conducted him about the
campus.
Dr. Felipe Gil, secretary general
of the University of Montevideo,
Uruguay, recently visited the Stan
ford campus.
Dr. Gil conferred with Ronald
Hilton, associate professor of Ro
manic languages and head of the
Hispanic-American Regional Study
program. Donald B. Tresidder,
President of the University, met Dr.
Gil and conducted him about the
campus.
Dr. Felipe Gil, secretary general
of the University of Montevideo,
Uruguay, recently visited the Stan
ford campus.
Dr. Gil conferred with Ronald
Hilton, associate professor of Ro
manic languages and head of the
Hispanic-American Regional Study
program. Donald B. Tresidder,
President of the University, met Dr.
Gil and conducted him about the
campus.
Dr. Felipe Gil, secretary general
of the University of Montevideo,
Uruguay, recently visited the Stan
ford campus.
Dr. Gil conferred with Ronald
Hilton, associate professor of Ro
manic languages and head of the
Hispanic-American Regional Study
program. Donald B. Tresidder,
President of the University, met Dr.
Gil and conducted him about the
campus.
Dr. Felipe Gil, secretary general
of the University of Montevideo,
Uruguay, recently visited the Stan
ford campus.
Dr. Gil conferred with Ronald
Hilton, associate professor of Ro
manic languages and head of the
Hispanic-American Regional Study
program. Donald B. Tresidder,
President of the University, met Dr.
Gil and conducted him about the
campus.
Dr. Felipe Gil, secretary general
of the University of Montevideo,
Uruguay, recently visited the Stan
ford campus.
Dr. Gil conferred with Ronald
Hilton, associate professor of Ro
manic languages and head of the
Hispanic-American Regional Study
program. Donald B. Tresidder,
President of the University, met Dr.
Gil and conducted him about the
campus.
Dr. Felipe Gil, secretary general
of the University of Montevideo,
Uruguay, recently visited the Stan
ford campus.
Dr. Gil conferred with Ronald
Hilton, associate professor of Ro
manic languages and head of the
Hispanic-American Regional Study
program. Donald B. Tresidder,
President of the University, met Dr.
Gil and conducted him about the
campus.
Dr. Felipe Gil, secretary general
of the University of Montevideo,
Uruguay, recently visited the Stan
ford campus.
Dr. Gil conferred with Ronald
Hilton, associate professor of Ro
manic languages and head of the
Hispanic-American Regional Study
program. Donald B. Tresidder,
President of the University, met Dr.
Gil and conducted him about the
campus.
Dr. Felipe Gil, secretary general
of the University of Montevideo,
Uruguay, recently visited the Stan
ford campus.
Dr. Gil conferred with Ronald
Hilton, associate professor of Ro
manic languages and head of the
Hispanic-American Regional Study
program. Donald B. Tresidder,
President of the University, met Dr.
Gil and conducted him about the
campus.
Dr. Felipe Gil, secretary general
of the University of Montevideo,
Uruguay, recently visited the Stan
ford campus.
Dr. Gil conferred with Ronald
Hilton, associate professor of Ro
manic languages and head of the
Hispanic-American Regional Study
program. Donald B. Tresidder,
President of the University, met Dr.
Gil and conducted him about the
campus.
Dr. Felipe Gil, secretary general
of the University of Montevideo,
Uruguay, recently visited the Stan
ford campus.
Dr. Gil conferred with Ronald
Hilton, associate professor of Ro
manic languages and head of the
Hispanic-American Regional Study
program. Donald B. Tresidder,
President of the University, met Dr.
Gil and conducted him about the
campus.
