# London Meet Is Vital--Bevin
## 
### 
LONDON, My 15 (UP).—Foreign
Secretary Ernest Bevin said in
Commons today that the fate of the
world hangs on the next Big Four
Foreign Ministers' Conference in
Lmdon in November.
Bevin left no doubt that he meant
that the diplomatic gulf between
Russia the the Western Allies must
be bridged. Referring to the prob
lems which the recent Big Four
conference in Moscow left unsolved,
he said in a speech opening a two
day full-dress foreign affairs de
bate:
' If so many of these issues—Ger
many, Austria and, in addition, re
lations between East and West—are
not brought to a much more satis
factory conclusion in November at
the London conference, no one can
orophecy the course the world will
•„ake.
'"1 regard the London conference,
with the issues clear before it, as
probably the most vital in the
world's history," he said.
