# Dr. Lloyd To Give Dramatic Recital.
## 
### 
Rev. R. R. Lloyd, M. A., D. D.. will
give his dra-inatrt* recital of "Job at
the Fi;\st CffAgregational, Church,
Thursday evening, January 27, at R
o'clock. The admission will be twen
ty-five cents.
Rev. R. R. Lloyd, M. A., D. D.. will
give his dra-inatrt* recital of "Job at
the Fi;\st CffAgregational, Church,
Thursday evening, January 27, at R
o'clock. The admission will be twen
ty-five cents.
Rev. R. R. Lloyd, M. A., D. D.. will
give his dra-inatrt* recital of "Job at
the Fi;\st CffAgregational, Church,
Thursday evening, January 27, at R
o'clock. The admission will be twen
ty-five cents.
Rev. R. R. Lloyd, M. A., D. D.. will
give his dra-inatrt* recital of "Job at
the Fi;\st CffAgregational, Church,
Thursday evening, January 27, at R
o'clock. The admission will be twen
ty-five cents.
Rev. R. R. Lloyd, M. A., D. D.. will
give his dra-inatrt* recital of "Job at
the Fi;\st CffAgregational, Church,
Thursday evening, January 27, at R
o'clock. The admission will be twen
ty-five cents.
Rev. R. R. Lloyd, M. A., D. D.. will
give his dra-inatrt* recital of "Job at
the Fi;\st CffAgregational, Church,
Thursday evening, January 27, at R
o'clock. The admission will be twen
ty-five cents.
Rev. R. R. Lloyd, M. A., D. D.. will
give his dra-inatrt* recital of "Job at
the Fi;\st CffAgregational, Church,
Thursday evening, January 27, at R
o'clock. The admission will be twen
ty-five cents.
Rev. R. R. Lloyd, M. A., D. D.. will
give his dra-inatrt* recital of "Job at
the Fi;\st CffAgregational, Church,
Thursday evening, January 27, at R
o'clock. The admission will be twen
ty-five cents.
Rev. R. R. Lloyd, M. A., D. D.. will
give his dra-inatrt* recital of "Job at
the Fi;\st CffAgregational, Church,
Thursday evening, January 27, at R
o'clock. The admission will be twen
ty-five cents.
Rev. R. R. Lloyd, M. A., D. D.. will
give his dra-inatrt* recital of "Job at
the Fi;\st CffAgregational, Church,
Thursday evening, January 27, at R
o'clock. The admission will be twen
ty-five cents.
Rev. R. R. Lloyd, M. A., D. D.. will
give his dra-inatrt* recital of "Job at
the Fi;\st CffAgregational, Church,
Thursday evening, January 27, at R
o'clock. The admission will be twen
ty-five cents.
