# Adv. 15 Page 6
## 
### 
ushersi^B
NEEDED
FOR
COMMENCEMENT
WEEKEND
SAT. 8. SUN. WAGE: $10.
JUNE 12 8i 13 PER DAY
Information and applica
tions available this week
in the Office of Public
Events, Room 3, Applica
tions are due by May 14
ushersi^B
NEEDED
FOR
COMMENCEMENT
WEEKEND
SAT. 8. SUN. WAGE: $10.
JUNE 12 8i 13 PER DAY
Information and applica
tions available this week
in the Office of Public
Events, Room 3, Applica
tions are due by May 14
ushersi^B
NEEDED
FOR
COMMENCEMENT
WEEKEND
SAT. 8. SUN. WAGE: $10.
JUNE 12 8i 13 PER DAY
Information and applica
tions available this week
in the Office of Public
Events, Room 3, Applica
tions are due by May 14
ushersi^B
NEEDED
FOR
COMMENCEMENT
WEEKEND
SAT. 8. SUN. WAGE: $10.
JUNE 12 8i 13 PER DAY
Information and applica
tions available this week
in the Office of Public
Events, Room 3, Applica
tions are due by May 14
ushersi^B
NEEDED
FOR
COMMENCEMENT
WEEKEND
SAT. 8. SUN. WAGE: $10.
JUNE 12 8i 13 PER DAY
Information and applica
tions available this week
in the Office of Public
Events, Room 3, Applica
tions are due by May 14
ushersi^B
NEEDED
FOR
COMMENCEMENT
WEEKEND
SAT. 8. SUN. WAGE: $10.
JUNE 12 8i 13 PER DAY
Information and applica
tions available this week
in the Office of Public
Events, Room 3, Applica
tions are due by May 14
ushersi^B
NEEDED
FOR
COMMENCEMENT
WEEKEND
SAT. 8. SUN. WAGE: $10.
JUNE 12 8i 13 PER DAY
Information and applica
tions available this week
in the Office of Public
Events, Room 3, Applica
tions are due by May 14
ushersi^B
NEEDED
FOR
COMMENCEMENT
WEEKEND
SAT. 8. SUN. WAGE: $10.
JUNE 12 8i 13 PER DAY
Information and applica
tions available this week
in the Office of Public
Events, Room 3, Applica
tions are due by May 14
ushersi^B
NEEDED
FOR
COMMENCEMENT
WEEKEND
SAT. 8. SUN. WAGE: $10.
JUNE 12 8i 13 PER DAY
Information and applica
tions available this week
in the Office of Public
Events, Room 3, Applica
tions are due by May 14
ushersi^B
NEEDED
FOR
COMMENCEMENT
WEEKEND
SAT. 8. SUN. WAGE: $10.
JUNE 12 8i 13 PER DAY
Information and applica
tions available this week
in the Office of Public
Events, Room 3, Applica
tions are due by May 14
ushersi^B
NEEDED
FOR
COMMENCEMENT
WEEKEND
SAT. 8. SUN. WAGE: $10.
JUNE 12 8i 13 PER DAY
Information and applica
tions available this week
in the Office of Public
Events, Room 3, Applica
tions are due by May 14
ushersi^B
NEEDED
FOR
COMMENCEMENT
WEEKEND
SAT. 8. SUN. WAGE: $10.
JUNE 12 8i 13 PER DAY
Information and applica
tions available this week
in the Office of Public
Events, Room 3, Applica
tions are due by May 14
ushersi^B
NEEDED
FOR
COMMENCEMENT
WEEKEND
SAT. 8. SUN. WAGE: $10.
JUNE 12 8i 13 PER DAY
Information and applica
tions available this week
in the Office of Public
Events, Room 3, Applica
tions are due by May 14
ushersi^B
NEEDED
FOR
COMMENCEMENT
WEEKEND
SAT. 8. SUN. WAGE: $10.
JUNE 12 8i 13 PER DAY
Information and applica
tions available this week
in the Office of Public
Events, Room 3, Applica
tions are due by May 14
