# Contributions
## 
### 
The Daily welcomes contributions to the
Opinions Page. All columns and letters sub
mitted should be double-spaced and typed on a
62-space line. Authors must include name, re
lationship, if any, to the University, mailing
address and telephone number. Columns must
be no more than 70 lines, letters no more than
35. We reserve the right to edit for brevity,
clarity and style. Mail contributions to Opin
ions Editor, The Stanford Daily, Storke Stu
dent Publications Building, Stanford, Ca
94305.
The Daily welcomes contributions to the
Opinions Page. All columns and letters sub
mitted should be double-spaced and typed on a
62-space line. Authors must include name, re
lationship, if any, to the University, mailing
address and telephone number. Columns must
be no more than 70 lines, letters no more than
35. We reserve the right to edit for brevity,
clarity and style. Mail contributions to Opin
ions Editor, The Stanford Daily, Storke Stu
dent Publications Building, Stanford, Ca
94305.
The Daily welcomes contributions to the
Opinions Page. All columns and letters sub
mitted should be double-spaced and typed on a
62-space line. Authors must include name, re
lationship, if any, to the University, mailing
address and telephone number. Columns must
be no more than 70 lines, letters no more than
35. We reserve the right to edit for brevity,
clarity and style. Mail contributions to Opin
ions Editor, The Stanford Daily, Storke Stu
dent Publications Building, Stanford, Ca
94305.
The Daily welcomes contributions to the
Opinions Page. All columns and letters sub
mitted should be double-spaced and typed on a
62-space line. Authors must include name, re
lationship, if any, to the University, mailing
address and telephone number. Columns must
be no more than 70 lines, letters no more than
35. We reserve the right to edit for brevity,
clarity and style. Mail contributions to Opin
ions Editor, The Stanford Daily, Storke Stu
dent Publications Building, Stanford, Ca
94305.
The Daily welcomes contributions to the
Opinions Page. All columns and letters sub
mitted should be double-spaced and typed on a
62-space line. Authors must include name, re
lationship, if any, to the University, mailing
address and telephone number. Columns must
be no more than 70 lines, letters no more than
35. We reserve the right to edit for brevity,
clarity and style. Mail contributions to Opin
ions Editor, The Stanford Daily, Storke Stu
dent Publications Building, Stanford, Ca
94305.
The Daily welcomes contributions to the
Opinions Page. All columns and letters sub
mitted should be double-spaced and typed on a
62-space line. Authors must include name, re
lationship, if any, to the University, mailing
address and telephone number. Columns must
be no more than 70 lines, letters no more than
35. We reserve the right to edit for brevity,
clarity and style. Mail contributions to Opin
ions Editor, The Stanford Daily, Storke Stu
dent Publications Building, Stanford, Ca
94305.
The Daily welcomes contributions to the
Opinions Page. All columns and letters sub
mitted should be double-spaced and typed on a
62-space line. Authors must include name, re
lationship, if any, to the University, mailing
address and telephone number. Columns must
be no more than 70 lines, letters no more than
35. We reserve the right to edit for brevity,
clarity and style. Mail contributions to Opin
ions Editor, The Stanford Daily, Storke Stu
dent Publications Building, Stanford, Ca
94305.
The Daily welcomes contributions to the
Opinions Page. All columns and letters sub
mitted should be double-spaced and typed on a
62-space line. Authors must include name, re
lationship, if any, to the University, mailing
address and telephone number. Columns must
be no more than 70 lines, letters no more than
35. We reserve the right to edit for brevity,
clarity and style. Mail contributions to Opin
ions Editor, The Stanford Daily, Storke Stu
dent Publications Building, Stanford, Ca
94305.
The Daily welcomes contributions to the
Opinions Page. All columns and letters sub
mitted should be double-spaced and typed on a
62-space line. Authors must include name, re
lationship, if any, to the University, mailing
address and telephone number. Columns must
be no more than 70 lines, letters no more than
35. We reserve the right to edit for brevity,
clarity and style. Mail contributions to Opin
ions Editor, The Stanford Daily, Storke Stu
dent Publications Building, Stanford, Ca
94305.
The Daily welcomes contributions to the
Opinions Page. All columns and letters sub
mitted should be double-spaced and typed on a
62-space line. Authors must include name, re
lationship, if any, to the University, mailing
address and telephone number. Columns must
be no more than 70 lines, letters no more than
35. We reserve the right to edit for brevity,
clarity and style. Mail contributions to Opin
ions Editor, The Stanford Daily, Storke Stu
dent Publications Building, Stanford, Ca
94305.
The Daily welcomes contributions to the
Opinions Page. All columns and letters sub
mitted should be double-spaced and typed on a
62-space line. Authors must include name, re
lationship, if any, to the University, mailing
address and telephone number. Columns must
be no more than 70 lines, letters no more than
35. We reserve the right to edit for brevity,
clarity and style. Mail contributions to Opin
ions Editor, The Stanford Daily, Storke Stu
dent Publications Building, Stanford, Ca
94305.
The Daily welcomes contributions to the
Opinions Page. All columns and letters sub
mitted should be double-spaced and typed on a
62-space line. Authors must include name, re
lationship, if any, to the University, mailing
address and telephone number. Columns must
be no more than 70 lines, letters no more than
35. We reserve the right to edit for brevity,
clarity and style. Mail contributions to Opin
ions Editor, The Stanford Daily, Storke Stu
dent Publications Building, Stanford, Ca
94305.
The Daily welcomes contributions to the
Opinions Page. All columns and letters sub
mitted should be double-spaced and typed on a
62-space line. Authors must include name, re
lationship, if any, to the University, mailing
address and telephone number. Columns must
be no more than 70 lines, letters no more than
35. We reserve the right to edit for brevity,
clarity and style. Mail contributions to Opin
ions Editor, The Stanford Daily, Storke Stu
dent Publications Building, Stanford, Ca
94305.
The Daily welcomes contributions to the
Opinions Page. All columns and letters sub
mitted should be double-spaced and typed on a
62-space line. Authors must include name, re
lationship, if any, to the University, mailing
address and telephone number. Columns must
be no more than 70 lines, letters no more than
35. We reserve the right to edit for brevity,
clarity and style. Mail contributions to Opin
ions Editor, The Stanford Daily, Storke Stu
dent Publications Building, Stanford, Ca
94305.
