# Jeffers Reports Rubber Muddle
## 
### 
WASHINGTON. Oct. 12 (U.R)—
Rubber Director William M. Jeffers
who learned his way around in the
two-fisted railroad world, told Con
gress today the rubber situation has
been muddled "too damned long"
already and asked outsiders, includ
ing congressmen, to keep outside so
he can "put a stop to some of it."
"I don't intend to be influenced by
anybody, anywhere, any time," he
told an uproarious session of the
Senate Agricultural Committee in
defense of a War Production Board
order substituting rayon for cotton
as a tire making fabric.
Pointing out that available evi
dence shows rayon a more satisfac
tory fabric at high speeds, Jeffers
defiantly maintained his position de
spite a barrage of heated questions,
accusations, and denunciations by
committee members and other Sen
ators from cotton producing states.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 12 (U.R)—
Rubber Director William M. Jeffers
who learned his way around in the
two-fisted railroad world, told Con
gress today the rubber situation has
been muddled "too damned long"
already and asked outsiders, includ
ing congressmen, to keep outside so
he can "put a stop to some of it."
"I don't intend to be influenced by
anybody, anywhere, any time," he
told an uproarious session of the
Senate Agricultural Committee in
defense of a War Production Board
order substituting rayon for cotton
as a tire making fabric.
Pointing out that available evi
dence shows rayon a more satisfac
tory fabric at high speeds, Jeffers
defiantly maintained his position de
spite a barrage of heated questions,
accusations, and denunciations by
committee members and other Sen
ators from cotton producing states.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 12 (U.R)—
Rubber Director William M. Jeffers
who learned his way around in the
two-fisted railroad world, told Con
gress today the rubber situation has
been muddled "too damned long"
already and asked outsiders, includ
ing congressmen, to keep outside so
he can "put a stop to some of it."
"I don't intend to be influenced by
anybody, anywhere, any time," he
told an uproarious session of the
Senate Agricultural Committee in
defense of a War Production Board
order substituting rayon for cotton
as a tire making fabric.
Pointing out that available evi
dence shows rayon a more satisfac
tory fabric at high speeds, Jeffers
defiantly maintained his position de
spite a barrage of heated questions,
accusations, and denunciations by
committee members and other Sen
ators from cotton producing states.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 12 (U.R)—
Rubber Director William M. Jeffers
who learned his way around in the
two-fisted railroad world, told Con
gress today the rubber situation has
been muddled "too damned long"
already and asked outsiders, includ
ing congressmen, to keep outside so
he can "put a stop to some of it."
"I don't intend to be influenced by
anybody, anywhere, any time," he
told an uproarious session of the
Senate Agricultural Committee in
defense of a War Production Board
order substituting rayon for cotton
as a tire making fabric.
Pointing out that available evi
dence shows rayon a more satisfac
tory fabric at high speeds, Jeffers
defiantly maintained his position de
spite a barrage of heated questions,
accusations, and denunciations by
committee members and other Sen
ators from cotton producing states.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 12 (U.R)—
Rubber Director William M. Jeffers
who learned his way around in the
two-fisted railroad world, told Con
gress today the rubber situation has
been muddled "too damned long"
already and asked outsiders, includ
ing congressmen, to keep outside so
he can "put a stop to some of it."
"I don't intend to be influenced by
anybody, anywhere, any time," he
told an uproarious session of the
Senate Agricultural Committee in
defense of a War Production Board
order substituting rayon for cotton
as a tire making fabric.
Pointing out that available evi
dence shows rayon a more satisfac
tory fabric at high speeds, Jeffers
defiantly maintained his position de
spite a barrage of heated questions,
accusations, and denunciations by
committee members and other Sen
ators from cotton producing states.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 12 (U.R)—
Rubber Director William M. Jeffers
who learned his way around in the
two-fisted railroad world, told Con
gress today the rubber situation has
been muddled "too damned long"
already and asked outsiders, includ
ing congressmen, to keep outside so
he can "put a stop to some of it."
"I don't intend to be influenced by
anybody, anywhere, any time," he
told an uproarious session of the
Senate Agricultural Committee in
defense of a War Production Board
order substituting rayon for cotton
as a tire making fabric.
Pointing out that available evi
dence shows rayon a more satisfac
tory fabric at high speeds, Jeffers
defiantly maintained his position de
spite a barrage of heated questions,
accusations, and denunciations by
committee members and other Sen
ators from cotton producing states.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 12 (U.R)—
Rubber Director William M. Jeffers
who learned his way around in the
two-fisted railroad world, told Con
gress today the rubber situation has
been muddled "too damned long"
already and asked outsiders, includ
ing congressmen, to keep outside so
he can "put a stop to some of it."
"I don't intend to be influenced by
anybody, anywhere, any time," he
told an uproarious session of the
Senate Agricultural Committee in
defense of a War Production Board
order substituting rayon for cotton
as a tire making fabric.
Pointing out that available evi
dence shows rayon a more satisfac
tory fabric at high speeds, Jeffers
defiantly maintained his position de
spite a barrage of heated questions,
accusations, and denunciations by
committee members and other Sen
ators from cotton producing states.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 12 (U.R)—
Rubber Director William M. Jeffers
who learned his way around in the
two-fisted railroad world, told Con
gress today the rubber situation has
been muddled "too damned long"
already and asked outsiders, includ
ing congressmen, to keep outside so
he can "put a stop to some of it."
"I don't intend to be influenced by
anybody, anywhere, any time," he
told an uproarious session of the
Senate Agricultural Committee in
defense of a War Production Board
order substituting rayon for cotton
as a tire making fabric.
Pointing out that available evi
dence shows rayon a more satisfac
tory fabric at high speeds, Jeffers
defiantly maintained his position de
spite a barrage of heated questions,
accusations, and denunciations by
committee members and other Sen
ators from cotton producing states.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 12 (U.R)—
Rubber Director William M. Jeffers
who learned his way around in the
two-fisted railroad world, told Con
gress today the rubber situation has
been muddled "too damned long"
already and asked outsiders, includ
ing congressmen, to keep outside so
he can "put a stop to some of it."
"I don't intend to be influenced by
anybody, anywhere, any time," he
told an uproarious session of the
Senate Agricultural Committee in
defense of a War Production Board
order substituting rayon for cotton
as a tire making fabric.
Pointing out that available evi
dence shows rayon a more satisfac
tory fabric at high speeds, Jeffers
defiantly maintained his position de
spite a barrage of heated questions,
accusations, and denunciations by
committee members and other Sen
ators from cotton producing states.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 12 (U.R)—
Rubber Director William M. Jeffers
who learned his way around in the
two-fisted railroad world, told Con
gress today the rubber situation has
been muddled "too damned long"
already and asked outsiders, includ
ing congressmen, to keep outside so
he can "put a stop to some of it."
"I don't intend to be influenced by
anybody, anywhere, any time," he
told an uproarious session of the
Senate Agricultural Committee in
defense of a War Production Board
order substituting rayon for cotton
as a tire making fabric.
Pointing out that available evi
dence shows rayon a more satisfac
tory fabric at high speeds, Jeffers
defiantly maintained his position de
spite a barrage of heated questions,
accusations, and denunciations by
committee members and other Sen
ators from cotton producing states.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 12 (U.R)—
Rubber Director William M. Jeffers
who learned his way around in the
two-fisted railroad world, told Con
gress today the rubber situation has
been muddled "too damned long"
already and asked outsiders, includ
ing congressmen, to keep outside so
he can "put a stop to some of it."
"I don't intend to be influenced by
anybody, anywhere, any time," he
told an uproarious session of the
Senate Agricultural Committee in
defense of a War Production Board
order substituting rayon for cotton
as a tire making fabric.
Pointing out that available evi
dence shows rayon a more satisfac
tory fabric at high speeds, Jeffers
defiantly maintained his position de
spite a barrage of heated questions,
accusations, and denunciations by
committee members and other Sen
ators from cotton producing states.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 12 (U.R)—
Rubber Director William M. Jeffers
who learned his way around in the
two-fisted railroad world, told Con
gress today the rubber situation has
been muddled "too damned long"
already and asked outsiders, includ
ing congressmen, to keep outside so
he can "put a stop to some of it."
"I don't intend to be influenced by
anybody, anywhere, any time," he
told an uproarious session of the
Senate Agricultural Committee in
defense of a War Production Board
order substituting rayon for cotton
as a tire making fabric.
Pointing out that available evi
dence shows rayon a more satisfac
tory fabric at high speeds, Jeffers
defiantly maintained his position de
spite a barrage of heated questions,
accusations, and denunciations by
committee members and other Sen
ators from cotton producing states.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 12 (U.R)—
Rubber Director William M. Jeffers
who learned his way around in the
two-fisted railroad world, told Con
gress today the rubber situation has
been muddled "too damned long"
already and asked outsiders, includ
ing congressmen, to keep outside so
he can "put a stop to some of it."
"I don't intend to be influenced by
anybody, anywhere, any time," he
told an uproarious session of the
Senate Agricultural Committee in
defense of a War Production Board
order substituting rayon for cotton
as a tire making fabric.
Pointing out that available evi
dence shows rayon a more satisfac
tory fabric at high speeds, Jeffers
defiantly maintained his position de
spite a barrage of heated questions,
accusations, and denunciations by
committee members and other Sen
ators from cotton producing states.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 12 (U.R)—
Rubber Director William M. Jeffers
who learned his way around in the
two-fisted railroad world, told Con
gress today the rubber situation has
been muddled "too damned long"
already and asked outsiders, includ
ing congressmen, to keep outside so
he can "put a stop to some of it."
"I don't intend to be influenced by
anybody, anywhere, any time," he
told an uproarious session of the
Senate Agricultural Committee in
defense of a War Production Board
order substituting rayon for cotton
as a tire making fabric.
Pointing out that available evi
dence shows rayon a more satisfac
tory fabric at high speeds, Jeffers
defiantly maintained his position de
spite a barrage of heated questions,
accusations, and denunciations by
committee members and other Sen
ators from cotton producing states.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 12 (U.R)—
Rubber Director William M. Jeffers
who learned his way around in the
two-fisted railroad world, told Con
gress today the rubber situation has
been muddled "too damned long"
already and asked outsiders, includ
ing congressmen, to keep outside so
he can "put a stop to some of it."
"I don't intend to be influenced by
anybody, anywhere, any time," he
told an uproarious session of the
Senate Agricultural Committee in
defense of a War Production Board
order substituting rayon for cotton
as a tire making fabric.
Pointing out that available evi
dence shows rayon a more satisfac
tory fabric at high speeds, Jeffers
defiantly maintained his position de
spite a barrage of heated questions,
accusations, and denunciations by
committee members and other Sen
ators from cotton producing states.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 12 (U.R)—
Rubber Director William M. Jeffers
who learned his way around in the
two-fisted railroad world, told Con
gress today the rubber situation has
been muddled "too damned long"
already and asked outsiders, includ
ing congressmen, to keep outside so
he can "put a stop to some of it."
"I don't intend to be influenced by
anybody, anywhere, any time," he
told an uproarious session of the
Senate Agricultural Committee in
defense of a War Production Board
order substituting rayon for cotton
as a tire making fabric.
Pointing out that available evi
dence shows rayon a more satisfac
tory fabric at high speeds, Jeffers
defiantly maintained his position de
spite a barrage of heated questions,
accusations, and denunciations by
committee members and other Sen
ators from cotton producing states.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 12 (U.R)—
Rubber Director William M. Jeffers
who learned his way around in the
two-fisted railroad world, told Con
gress today the rubber situation has
been muddled "too damned long"
already and asked outsiders, includ
ing congressmen, to keep outside so
he can "put a stop to some of it."
"I don't intend to be influenced by
anybody, anywhere, any time," he
told an uproarious session of the
Senate Agricultural Committee in
defense of a War Production Board
order substituting rayon for cotton
as a tire making fabric.
Pointing out that available evi
dence shows rayon a more satisfac
tory fabric at high speeds, Jeffers
defiantly maintained his position de
spite a barrage of heated questions,
accusations, and denunciations by
committee members and other Sen
ators from cotton producing states.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 12 (U.R)—
Rubber Director William M. Jeffers
who learned his way around in the
two-fisted railroad world, told Con
gress today the rubber situation has
been muddled "too damned long"
already and asked outsiders, includ
ing congressmen, to keep outside so
he can "put a stop to some of it."
"I don't intend to be influenced by
anybody, anywhere, any time," he
told an uproarious session of the
Senate Agricultural Committee in
defense of a War Production Board
order substituting rayon for cotton
as a tire making fabric.
Pointing out that available evi
dence shows rayon a more satisfac
tory fabric at high speeds, Jeffers
defiantly maintained his position de
spite a barrage of heated questions,
accusations, and denunciations by
committee members and other Sen
ators from cotton producing states.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 12 (U.R)—
Rubber Director William M. Jeffers
who learned his way around in the
two-fisted railroad world, told Con
gress today the rubber situation has
been muddled "too damned long"
already and asked outsiders, includ
ing congressmen, to keep outside so
he can "put a stop to some of it."
"I don't intend to be influenced by
anybody, anywhere, any time," he
told an uproarious session of the
Senate Agricultural Committee in
defense of a War Production Board
order substituting rayon for cotton
as a tire making fabric.
Pointing out that available evi
dence shows rayon a more satisfac
tory fabric at high speeds, Jeffers
defiantly maintained his position de
spite a barrage of heated questions,
accusations, and denunciations by
committee members and other Sen
ators from cotton producing states.
