# Stanford Fans Content With Rationalization
## 
### HAP EVERETT 
As the Stanford football team
headed west after a one-sided loss
to Notre Dame, loeal fans went to
amazing lengths to rationalize the
situation.
"We lost to a darn good ball club,"
protested one of the faitTiful yester
day, "and you can't underestimate
a team just because of a tie with
Wisconsin and a loss to Georgia
Tech."
This hanger-on explains that Wis
consin is one of the finest aggrega
tions in the nation, as proved by the
thumping handed Missouri on Sat
urday. He also holds Georgia Tech
in high esteem and insists that it
is no disgrace to lose to the Ram
bling Wrecks this season.
Another fan pointed out that the
key to the T-formation. Bert Ber
telli, was way off in his first two
games. Unfortunately he hit his
stride Saturday with the aid of
Stanford's woeful secondary and
tertiary defense which features two
or more halfbacks running into each
other.
Of more immediate worry than the
South Bend game, however, is the
ailing list. Ed Stamm is banged up,
Mark Caffall is out of this week's
game with Idaho, Fred Sanderman
is out for the Reason, and several
other Indians are suffering the ef
fects of Notre Dame style of play.
Stanford takes on the Vandals
knowing absolutely nothing about
them except that they were badly
beaten about the head and body by
OSC a couple of weeks ago. Vic
Lindskog was supposed to scout
Francis Schmidt's team this week,
but missed connections. When the
Indians arrive Wednesday they will
probably start work on pass defense
in general, unless we're mistaken.
As the Stanford football team
headed west after a one-sided loss
to Notre Dame, loeal fans went to
amazing lengths to rationalize the
situation.
"We lost to a darn good ball club,"
protested one of the faitTiful yester
day, "and you can't underestimate
a team just because of a tie with
Wisconsin and a loss to Georgia
Tech."
This hanger-on explains that Wis
consin is one of the finest aggrega
tions in the nation, as proved by the
thumping handed Missouri on Sat
urday. He also holds Georgia Tech
in high esteem and insists that it
is no disgrace to lose to the Ram
bling Wrecks this season.
Another fan pointed out that the
key to the T-formation. Bert Ber
telli, was way off in his first two
games. Unfortunately he hit his
stride Saturday with the aid of
Stanford's woeful secondary and
tertiary defense which features two
or more halfbacks running into each
other.
Of more immediate worry than the
South Bend game, however, is the
ailing list. Ed Stamm is banged up,
Mark Caffall is out of this week's
game with Idaho, Fred Sanderman
is out for the Reason, and several
other Indians are suffering the ef
fects of Notre Dame style of play.
Stanford takes on the Vandals
knowing absolutely nothing about
them except that they were badly
beaten about the head and body by
OSC a couple of weeks ago. Vic
Lindskog was supposed to scout
Francis Schmidt's team this week,
but missed connections. When the
Indians arrive Wednesday they will
probably start work on pass defense
in general, unless we're mistaken.
As the Stanford football team
headed west after a one-sided loss
to Notre Dame, loeal fans went to
amazing lengths to rationalize the
situation.
"We lost to a darn good ball club,"
protested one of the faitTiful yester
day, "and you can't underestimate
a team just because of a tie with
Wisconsin and a loss to Georgia
Tech."
This hanger-on explains that Wis
consin is one of the finest aggrega
tions in the nation, as proved by the
thumping handed Missouri on Sat
urday. He also holds Georgia Tech
in high esteem and insists that it
is no disgrace to lose to the Ram
bling Wrecks this season.
Another fan pointed out that the
key to the T-formation. Bert Ber
telli, was way off in his first two
games. Unfortunately he hit his
stride Saturday with the aid of
Stanford's woeful secondary and
tertiary defense which features two
or more halfbacks running into each
other.
Of more immediate worry than the
South Bend game, however, is the
ailing list. Ed Stamm is banged up,
Mark Caffall is out of this week's
game with Idaho, Fred Sanderman
is out for the Reason, and several
other Indians are suffering the ef
fects of Notre Dame style of play.
Stanford takes on the Vandals
knowing absolutely nothing about
them except that they were badly
beaten about the head and body by
OSC a couple of weeks ago. Vic
Lindskog was supposed to scout
Francis Schmidt's team this week,
but missed connections. When the
Indians arrive Wednesday they will
probably start work on pass defense
in general, unless we're mistaken.
As the Stanford football team
headed west after a one-sided loss
to Notre Dame, loeal fans went to
amazing lengths to rationalize the
situation.
"We lost to a darn good ball club,"
protested one of the faitTiful yester
day, "and you can't underestimate
a team just because of a tie with
Wisconsin and a loss to Georgia
Tech."
This hanger-on explains that Wis
consin is one of the finest aggrega
tions in the nation, as proved by the
thumping handed Missouri on Sat
urday. He also holds Georgia Tech
in high esteem and insists that it
is no disgrace to lose to the Ram
bling Wrecks this season.
Another fan pointed out that the
key to the T-formation. Bert Ber
telli, was way off in his first two
games. Unfortunately he hit his
stride Saturday with the aid of
Stanford's woeful secondary and
tertiary defense which features two
or more halfbacks running into each
other.
Of more immediate worry than the
South Bend game, however, is the
ailing list. Ed Stamm is banged up,
Mark Caffall is out of this week's
game with Idaho, Fred Sanderman
is out for the Reason, and several
other Indians are suffering the ef
fects of Notre Dame style of play.
Stanford takes on the Vandals
knowing absolutely nothing about
them except that they were badly
beaten about the head and body by
OSC a couple of weeks ago. Vic
Lindskog was supposed to scout
Francis Schmidt's team this week,
but missed connections. When the
Indians arrive Wednesday they will
probably start work on pass defense
in general, unless we're mistaken.
As the Stanford football team
headed west after a one-sided loss
to Notre Dame, loeal fans went to
amazing lengths to rationalize the
situation.
"We lost to a darn good ball club,"
protested one of the faitTiful yester
day, "and you can't underestimate
a team just because of a tie with
Wisconsin and a loss to Georgia
Tech."
This hanger-on explains that Wis
consin is one of the finest aggrega
tions in the nation, as proved by the
thumping handed Missouri on Sat
urday. He also holds Georgia Tech
in high esteem and insists that it
is no disgrace to lose to the Ram
bling Wrecks this season.
Another fan pointed out that the
key to the T-formation. Bert Ber
telli, was way off in his first two
games. Unfortunately he hit his
stride Saturday with the aid of
Stanford's woeful secondary and
tertiary defense which features two
or more halfbacks running into each
other.
Of more immediate worry than the
South Bend game, however, is the
ailing list. Ed Stamm is banged up,
Mark Caffall is out of this week's
game with Idaho, Fred Sanderman
is out for the Reason, and several
other Indians are suffering the ef
fects of Notre Dame style of play.
Stanford takes on the Vandals
knowing absolutely nothing about
them except that they were badly
beaten about the head and body by
OSC a couple of weeks ago. Vic
Lindskog was supposed to scout
Francis Schmidt's team this week,
but missed connections. When the
Indians arrive Wednesday they will
probably start work on pass defense
in general, unless we're mistaken.
As the Stanford football team
headed west after a one-sided loss
to Notre Dame, loeal fans went to
amazing lengths to rationalize the
situation.
"We lost to a darn good ball club,"
protested one of the faitTiful yester
day, "and you can't underestimate
a team just because of a tie with
Wisconsin and a loss to Georgia
Tech."
This hanger-on explains that Wis
consin is one of the finest aggrega
tions in the nation, as proved by the
thumping handed Missouri on Sat
urday. He also holds Georgia Tech
in high esteem and insists that it
is no disgrace to lose to the Ram
bling Wrecks this season.
Another fan pointed out that the
key to the T-formation. Bert Ber
telli, was way off in his first two
games. Unfortunately he hit his
stride Saturday with the aid of
Stanford's woeful secondary and
tertiary defense which features two
or more halfbacks running into each
other.
Of more immediate worry than the
South Bend game, however, is the
ailing list. Ed Stamm is banged up,
Mark Caffall is out of this week's
game with Idaho, Fred Sanderman
is out for the Reason, and several
other Indians are suffering the ef
fects of Notre Dame style of play.
Stanford takes on the Vandals
knowing absolutely nothing about
them except that they were badly
beaten about the head and body by
OSC a couple of weeks ago. Vic
Lindskog was supposed to scout
Francis Schmidt's team this week,
but missed connections. When the
Indians arrive Wednesday they will
probably start work on pass defense
in general, unless we're mistaken.
As the Stanford football team
headed west after a one-sided loss
to Notre Dame, loeal fans went to
amazing lengths to rationalize the
situation.
"We lost to a darn good ball club,"
protested one of the faitTiful yester
day, "and you can't underestimate
a team just because of a tie with
Wisconsin and a loss to Georgia
Tech."
This hanger-on explains that Wis
consin is one of the finest aggrega
tions in the nation, as proved by the
thumping handed Missouri on Sat
urday. He also holds Georgia Tech
in high esteem and insists that it
is no disgrace to lose to the Ram
bling Wrecks this season.
Another fan pointed out that the
key to the T-formation. Bert Ber
telli, was way off in his first two
games. Unfortunately he hit his
stride Saturday with the aid of
Stanford's woeful secondary and
tertiary defense which features two
or more halfbacks running into each
other.
Of more immediate worry than the
South Bend game, however, is the
ailing list. Ed Stamm is banged up,
Mark Caffall is out of this week's
game with Idaho, Fred Sanderman
is out for the Reason, and several
other Indians are suffering the ef
fects of Notre Dame style of play.
Stanford takes on the Vandals
knowing absolutely nothing about
them except that they were badly
beaten about the head and body by
OSC a couple of weeks ago. Vic
Lindskog was supposed to scout
Francis Schmidt's team this week,
but missed connections. When the
Indians arrive Wednesday they will
probably start work on pass defense
in general, unless we're mistaken.
As the Stanford football team
headed west after a one-sided loss
to Notre Dame, loeal fans went to
amazing lengths to rationalize the
situation.
"We lost to a darn good ball club,"
protested one of the faitTiful yester
day, "and you can't underestimate
a team just because of a tie with
Wisconsin and a loss to Georgia
Tech."
This hanger-on explains that Wis
consin is one of the finest aggrega
tions in the nation, as proved by the
thumping handed Missouri on Sat
urday. He also holds Georgia Tech
in high esteem and insists that it
is no disgrace to lose to the Ram
bling Wrecks this season.
Another fan pointed out that the
key to the T-formation. Bert Ber
telli, was way off in his first two
games. Unfortunately he hit his
stride Saturday with the aid of
Stanford's woeful secondary and
tertiary defense which features two
or more halfbacks running into each
other.
Of more immediate worry than the
South Bend game, however, is the
ailing list. Ed Stamm is banged up,
Mark Caffall is out of this week's
game with Idaho, Fred Sanderman
is out for the Reason, and several
other Indians are suffering the ef
fects of Notre Dame style of play.
Stanford takes on the Vandals
knowing absolutely nothing about
them except that they were badly
beaten about the head and body by
OSC a couple of weeks ago. Vic
Lindskog was supposed to scout
Francis Schmidt's team this week,
but missed connections. When the
Indians arrive Wednesday they will
probably start work on pass defense
in general, unless we're mistaken.
As the Stanford football team
headed west after a one-sided loss
to Notre Dame, loeal fans went to
amazing lengths to rationalize the
situation.
"We lost to a darn good ball club,"
protested one of the faitTiful yester
day, "and you can't underestimate
a team just because of a tie with
Wisconsin and a loss to Georgia
Tech."
This hanger-on explains that Wis
consin is one of the finest aggrega
tions in the nation, as proved by the
thumping handed Missouri on Sat
urday. He also holds Georgia Tech
in high esteem and insists that it
is no disgrace to lose to the Ram
bling Wrecks this season.
Another fan pointed out that the
key to the T-formation. Bert Ber
telli, was way off in his first two
games. Unfortunately he hit his
stride Saturday with the aid of
Stanford's woeful secondary and
tertiary defense which features two
or more halfbacks running into each
other.
Of more immediate worry than the
South Bend game, however, is the
ailing list. Ed Stamm is banged up,
Mark Caffall is out of this week's
game with Idaho, Fred Sanderman
is out for the Reason, and several
other Indians are suffering the ef
fects of Notre Dame style of play.
Stanford takes on the Vandals
knowing absolutely nothing about
them except that they were badly
beaten about the head and body by
OSC a couple of weeks ago. Vic
Lindskog was supposed to scout
Francis Schmidt's team this week,
but missed connections. When the
Indians arrive Wednesday they will
probably start work on pass defense
in general, unless we're mistaken.
As the Stanford football team
headed west after a one-sided loss
to Notre Dame, loeal fans went to
amazing lengths to rationalize the
situation.
"We lost to a darn good ball club,"
protested one of the faitTiful yester
day, "and you can't underestimate
a team just because of a tie with
Wisconsin and a loss to Georgia
Tech."
This hanger-on explains that Wis
consin is one of the finest aggrega
tions in the nation, as proved by the
thumping handed Missouri on Sat
urday. He also holds Georgia Tech
in high esteem and insists that it
is no disgrace to lose to the Ram
bling Wrecks this season.
Another fan pointed out that the
key to the T-formation. Bert Ber
telli, was way off in his first two
games. Unfortunately he hit his
stride Saturday with the aid of
Stanford's woeful secondary and
tertiary defense which features two
or more halfbacks running into each
other.
Of more immediate worry than the
South Bend game, however, is the
ailing list. Ed Stamm is banged up,
Mark Caffall is out of this week's
game with Idaho, Fred Sanderman
is out for the Reason, and several
other Indians are suffering the ef
fects of Notre Dame style of play.
Stanford takes on the Vandals
knowing absolutely nothing about
them except that they were badly
beaten about the head and body by
OSC a couple of weeks ago. Vic
Lindskog was supposed to scout
Francis Schmidt's team this week,
but missed connections. When the
Indians arrive Wednesday they will
probably start work on pass defense
in general, unless we're mistaken.
As the Stanford football team
headed west after a one-sided loss
to Notre Dame, loeal fans went to
amazing lengths to rationalize the
situation.
"We lost to a darn good ball club,"
protested one of the faitTiful yester
day, "and you can't underestimate
a team just because of a tie with
Wisconsin and a loss to Georgia
Tech."
This hanger-on explains that Wis
consin is one of the finest aggrega
tions in the nation, as proved by the
thumping handed Missouri on Sat
urday. He also holds Georgia Tech
in high esteem and insists that it
is no disgrace to lose to the Ram
bling Wrecks this season.
Another fan pointed out that the
key to the T-formation. Bert Ber
telli, was way off in his first two
games. Unfortunately he hit his
stride Saturday with the aid of
Stanford's woeful secondary and
tertiary defense which features two
or more halfbacks running into each
other.
Of more immediate worry than the
South Bend game, however, is the
ailing list. Ed Stamm is banged up,
Mark Caffall is out of this week's
game with Idaho, Fred Sanderman
is out for the Reason, and several
other Indians are suffering the ef
fects of Notre Dame style of play.
Stanford takes on the Vandals
knowing absolutely nothing about
them except that they were badly
beaten about the head and body by
OSC a couple of weeks ago. Vic
Lindskog was supposed to scout
Francis Schmidt's team this week,
but missed connections. When the
Indians arrive Wednesday they will
probably start work on pass defense
in general, unless we're mistaken.
As the Stanford football team
headed west after a one-sided loss
to Notre Dame, loeal fans went to
amazing lengths to rationalize the
situation.
"We lost to a darn good ball club,"
protested one of the faitTiful yester
day, "and you can't underestimate
a team just because of a tie with
Wisconsin and a loss to Georgia
Tech."
This hanger-on explains that Wis
consin is one of the finest aggrega
tions in the nation, as proved by the
thumping handed Missouri on Sat
urday. He also holds Georgia Tech
in high esteem and insists that it
is no disgrace to lose to the Ram
bling Wrecks this season.
Another fan pointed out that the
key to the T-formation. Bert Ber
telli, was way off in his first two
games. Unfortunately he hit his
stride Saturday with the aid of
Stanford's woeful secondary and
tertiary defense which features two
or more halfbacks running into each
other.
Of more immediate worry than the
South Bend game, however, is the
ailing list. Ed Stamm is banged up,
Mark Caffall is out of this week's
game with Idaho, Fred Sanderman
is out for the Reason, and several
other Indians are suffering the ef
fects of Notre Dame style of play.
Stanford takes on the Vandals
knowing absolutely nothing about
them except that they were badly
beaten about the head and body by
OSC a couple of weeks ago. Vic
Lindskog was supposed to scout
Francis Schmidt's team this week,
but missed connections. When the
Indians arrive Wednesday they will
probably start work on pass defense
in general, unless we're mistaken.
As the Stanford football team
headed west after a one-sided loss
to Notre Dame, loeal fans went to
amazing lengths to rationalize the
situation.
"We lost to a darn good ball club,"
protested one of the faitTiful yester
day, "and you can't underestimate
a team just because of a tie with
Wisconsin and a loss to Georgia
Tech."
This hanger-on explains that Wis
consin is one of the finest aggrega
tions in the nation, as proved by the
thumping handed Missouri on Sat
urday. He also holds Georgia Tech
in high esteem and insists that it
is no disgrace to lose to the Ram
bling Wrecks this season.
Another fan pointed out that the
key to the T-formation. Bert Ber
telli, was way off in his first two
games. Unfortunately he hit his
stride Saturday with the aid of
Stanford's woeful secondary and
tertiary defense which features two
or more halfbacks running into each
other.
Of more immediate worry than the
South Bend game, however, is the
ailing list. Ed Stamm is banged up,
Mark Caffall is out of this week's
game with Idaho, Fred Sanderman
is out for the Reason, and several
other Indians are suffering the ef
fects of Notre Dame style of play.
Stanford takes on the Vandals
knowing absolutely nothing about
them except that they were badly
beaten about the head and body by
OSC a couple of weeks ago. Vic
Lindskog was supposed to scout
Francis Schmidt's team this week,
but missed connections. When the
Indians arrive Wednesday they will
probably start work on pass defense
in general, unless we're mistaken.
As the Stanford football team
headed west after a one-sided loss
to Notre Dame, loeal fans went to
amazing lengths to rationalize the
situation.
"We lost to a darn good ball club,"
protested one of the faitTiful yester
day, "and you can't underestimate
a team just because of a tie with
Wisconsin and a loss to Georgia
Tech."
This hanger-on explains that Wis
consin is one of the finest aggrega
tions in the nation, as proved by the
thumping handed Missouri on Sat
urday. He also holds Georgia Tech
in high esteem and insists that it
is no disgrace to lose to the Ram
bling Wrecks this season.
Another fan pointed out that the
key to the T-formation. Bert Ber
telli, was way off in his first two
games. Unfortunately he hit his
stride Saturday with the aid of
Stanford's woeful secondary and
tertiary defense which features two
or more halfbacks running into each
other.
Of more immediate worry than the
South Bend game, however, is the
ailing list. Ed Stamm is banged up,
Mark Caffall is out of this week's
game with Idaho, Fred Sanderman
is out for the Reason, and several
other Indians are suffering the ef
fects of Notre Dame style of play.
Stanford takes on the Vandals
knowing absolutely nothing about
them except that they were badly
beaten about the head and body by
OSC a couple of weeks ago. Vic
Lindskog was supposed to scout
Francis Schmidt's team this week,
but missed connections. When the
Indians arrive Wednesday they will
probably start work on pass defense
in general, unless we're mistaken.
As the Stanford football team
headed west after a one-sided loss
to Notre Dame, loeal fans went to
amazing lengths to rationalize the
situation.
"We lost to a darn good ball club,"
protested one of the faitTiful yester
day, "and you can't underestimate
a team just because of a tie with
Wisconsin and a loss to Georgia
Tech."
This hanger-on explains that Wis
consin is one of the finest aggrega
tions in the nation, as proved by the
thumping handed Missouri on Sat
urday. He also holds Georgia Tech
in high esteem and insists that it
is no disgrace to lose to the Ram
bling Wrecks this season.
Another fan pointed out that the
key to the T-formation. Bert Ber
telli, was way off in his first two
games. Unfortunately he hit his
stride Saturday with the aid of
Stanford's woeful secondary and
tertiary defense which features two
or more halfbacks running into each
other.
Of more immediate worry than the
South Bend game, however, is the
ailing list. Ed Stamm is banged up,
Mark Caffall is out of this week's
game with Idaho, Fred Sanderman
is out for the Reason, and several
other Indians are suffering the ef
fects of Notre Dame style of play.
Stanford takes on the Vandals
knowing absolutely nothing about
them except that they were badly
beaten about the head and body by
OSC a couple of weeks ago. Vic
Lindskog was supposed to scout
Francis Schmidt's team this week,
but missed connections. When the
Indians arrive Wednesday they will
probably start work on pass defense
in general, unless we're mistaken.
As the Stanford football team
headed west after a one-sided loss
to Notre Dame, loeal fans went to
amazing lengths to rationalize the
situation.
"We lost to a darn good ball club,"
protested one of the faitTiful yester
day, "and you can't underestimate
a team just because of a tie with
Wisconsin and a loss to Georgia
Tech."
This hanger-on explains that Wis
consin is one of the finest aggrega
tions in the nation, as proved by the
thumping handed Missouri on Sat
urday. He also holds Georgia Tech
in high esteem and insists that it
is no disgrace to lose to the Ram
bling Wrecks this season.
Another fan pointed out that the
key to the T-formation. Bert Ber
telli, was way off in his first two
games. Unfortunately he hit his
stride Saturday with the aid of
Stanford's woeful secondary and
tertiary defense which features two
or more halfbacks running into each
other.
Of more immediate worry than the
South Bend game, however, is the
ailing list. Ed Stamm is banged up,
Mark Caffall is out of this week's
game with Idaho, Fred Sanderman
is out for the Reason, and several
other Indians are suffering the ef
fects of Notre Dame style of play.
Stanford takes on the Vandals
knowing absolutely nothing about
them except that they were badly
beaten about the head and body by
OSC a couple of weeks ago. Vic
Lindskog was supposed to scout
Francis Schmidt's team this week,
but missed connections. When the
Indians arrive Wednesday they will
probably start work on pass defense
in general, unless we're mistaken.
As the Stanford football team
headed west after a one-sided loss
to Notre Dame, loeal fans went to
amazing lengths to rationalize the
situation.
"We lost to a darn good ball club,"
protested one of the faitTiful yester
day, "and you can't underestimate
a team just because of a tie with
Wisconsin and a loss to Georgia
Tech."
This hanger-on explains that Wis
consin is one of the finest aggrega
tions in the nation, as proved by the
thumping handed Missouri on Sat
urday. He also holds Georgia Tech
in high esteem and insists that it
is no disgrace to lose to the Ram
bling Wrecks this season.
Another fan pointed out that the
key to the T-formation. Bert Ber
telli, was way off in his first two
games. Unfortunately he hit his
stride Saturday with the aid of
Stanford's woeful secondary and
tertiary defense which features two
or more halfbacks running into each
other.
Of more immediate worry than the
South Bend game, however, is the
ailing list. Ed Stamm is banged up,
Mark Caffall is out of this week's
game with Idaho, Fred Sanderman
is out for the Reason, and several
other Indians are suffering the ef
fects of Notre Dame style of play.
Stanford takes on the Vandals
knowing absolutely nothing about
them except that they were badly
beaten about the head and body by
OSC a couple of weeks ago. Vic
Lindskog was supposed to scout
Francis Schmidt's team this week,
but missed connections. When the
Indians arrive Wednesday they will
probably start work on pass defense
in general, unless we're mistaken.
As the Stanford football team
headed west after a one-sided loss
to Notre Dame, loeal fans went to
amazing lengths to rationalize the
situation.
"We lost to a darn good ball club,"
protested one of the faitTiful yester
day, "and you can't underestimate
a team just because of a tie with
Wisconsin and a loss to Georgia
Tech."
This hanger-on explains that Wis
consin is one of the finest aggrega
tions in the nation, as proved by the
thumping handed Missouri on Sat
urday. He also holds Georgia Tech
in high esteem and insists that it
is no disgrace to lose to the Ram
bling Wrecks this season.
Another fan pointed out that the
key to the T-formation. Bert Ber
telli, was way off in his first two
games. Unfortunately he hit his
stride Saturday with the aid of
Stanford's woeful secondary and
tertiary defense which features two
or more halfbacks running into each
other.
Of more immediate worry than the
South Bend game, however, is the
ailing list. Ed Stamm is banged up,
Mark Caffall is out of this week's
game with Idaho, Fred Sanderman
is out for the Reason, and several
other Indians are suffering the ef
fects of Notre Dame style of play.
Stanford takes on the Vandals
knowing absolutely nothing about
them except that they were badly
beaten about the head and body by
OSC a couple of weeks ago. Vic
Lindskog was supposed to scout
Francis Schmidt's team this week,
but missed connections. When the
Indians arrive Wednesday they will
probably start work on pass defense
in general, unless we're mistaken.
As the Stanford football team
headed west after a one-sided loss
to Notre Dame, loeal fans went to
amazing lengths to rationalize the
situation.
"We lost to a darn good ball club,"
protested one of the faitTiful yester
day, "and you can't underestimate
a team just because of a tie with
Wisconsin and a loss to Georgia
Tech."
This hanger-on explains that Wis
consin is one of the finest aggrega
tions in the nation, as proved by the
thumping handed Missouri on Sat
urday. He also holds Georgia Tech
in high esteem and insists that it
is no disgrace to lose to the Ram
bling Wrecks this season.
Another fan pointed out that the
key to the T-formation. Bert Ber
telli, was way off in his first two
games. Unfortunately he hit his
stride Saturday with the aid of
Stanford's woeful secondary and
tertiary defense which features two
or more halfbacks running into each
other.
Of more immediate worry than the
South Bend game, however, is the
ailing list. Ed Stamm is banged up,
Mark Caffall is out of this week's
game with Idaho, Fred Sanderman
is out for the Reason, and several
other Indians are suffering the ef
fects of Notre Dame style of play.
Stanford takes on the Vandals
knowing absolutely nothing about
them except that they were badly
beaten about the head and body by
OSC a couple of weeks ago. Vic
Lindskog was supposed to scout
Francis Schmidt's team this week,
but missed connections. When the
Indians arrive Wednesday they will
probably start work on pass defense
in general, unless we're mistaken.
