# APPEARS ON TUESDAY SERIES
## 
### 

JOSEPH JAMES, distinguished young Negro baritone, will present a
one-hour concert tonight in the Memorial Ilall Auditorium at 7:i{o in
the second program of the Tuesday Evening Series. Admission is free.
(For story see column one on the first page.)

JOSEPH JAMES, distinguished young Negro baritone, will present a
one-hour concert tonight in the Memorial Ilall Auditorium at 7:i{o in
the second program of the Tuesday Evening Series. Admission is free.
(For story see column one on the first page.)

JOSEPH JAMES, distinguished young Negro baritone, will present a
one-hour concert tonight in the Memorial Ilall Auditorium at 7:i{o in
the second program of the Tuesday Evening Series. Admission is free.
(For story see column one on the first page.)

JOSEPH JAMES, distinguished young Negro baritone, will present a
one-hour concert tonight in the Memorial Ilall Auditorium at 7:i{o in
the second program of the Tuesday Evening Series. Admission is free.
(For story see column one on the first page.)

JOSEPH JAMES, distinguished young Negro baritone, will present a
one-hour concert tonight in the Memorial Ilall Auditorium at 7:i{o in
the second program of the Tuesday Evening Series. Admission is free.
(For story see column one on the first page.)

JOSEPH JAMES, distinguished young Negro baritone, will present a
one-hour concert tonight in the Memorial Ilall Auditorium at 7:i{o in
the second program of the Tuesday Evening Series. Admission is free.
(For story see column one on the first page.)

JOSEPH JAMES, distinguished young Negro baritone, will present a
one-hour concert tonight in the Memorial Ilall Auditorium at 7:i{o in
the second program of the Tuesday Evening Series. Admission is free.
(For story see column one on the first page.)

JOSEPH JAMES, distinguished young Negro baritone, will present a
one-hour concert tonight in the Memorial Ilall Auditorium at 7:i{o in
the second program of the Tuesday Evening Series. Admission is free.
(For story see column one on the first page.)

JOSEPH JAMES, distinguished young Negro baritone, will present a
one-hour concert tonight in the Memorial Ilall Auditorium at 7:i{o in
the second program of the Tuesday Evening Series. Admission is free.
(For story see column one on the first page.)

JOSEPH JAMES, distinguished young Negro baritone, will present a
one-hour concert tonight in the Memorial Ilall Auditorium at 7:i{o in
the second program of the Tuesday Evening Series. Admission is free.
(For story see column one on the first page.)

JOSEPH JAMES, distinguished young Negro baritone, will present a
one-hour concert tonight in the Memorial Ilall Auditorium at 7:i{o in
the second program of the Tuesday Evening Series. Admission is free.
(For story see column one on the first page.)

JOSEPH JAMES, distinguished young Negro baritone, will present a
one-hour concert tonight in the Memorial Ilall Auditorium at 7:i{o in
the second program of the Tuesday Evening Series. Admission is free.
(For story see column one on the first page.)

JOSEPH JAMES, distinguished young Negro baritone, will present a
one-hour concert tonight in the Memorial Ilall Auditorium at 7:i{o in
the second program of the Tuesday Evening Series. Admission is free.
(For story see column one on the first page.)

JOSEPH JAMES, distinguished young Negro baritone, will present a
one-hour concert tonight in the Memorial Ilall Auditorium at 7:i{o in
the second program of the Tuesday Evening Series. Admission is free.
(For story see column one on the first page.)

JOSEPH JAMES, distinguished young Negro baritone, will present a
one-hour concert tonight in the Memorial Ilall Auditorium at 7:i{o in
the second program of the Tuesday Evening Series. Admission is free.
(For story see column one on the first page.)

JOSEPH JAMES, distinguished young Negro baritone, will present a
one-hour concert tonight in the Memorial Ilall Auditorium at 7:i{o in
the second program of the Tuesday Evening Series. Admission is free.
(For story see column one on the first page.)

JOSEPH JAMES, distinguished young Negro baritone, will present a
one-hour concert tonight in the Memorial Ilall Auditorium at 7:i{o in
the second program of the Tuesday Evening Series. Admission is free.
(For story see column one on the first page.)

JOSEPH JAMES, distinguished young Negro baritone, will present a
one-hour concert tonight in the Memorial Ilall Auditorium at 7:i{o in
the second program of the Tuesday Evening Series. Admission is free.
(For story see column one on the first page.)

JOSEPH JAMES, distinguished young Negro baritone, will present a
one-hour concert tonight in the Memorial Ilall Auditorium at 7:i{o in
the second program of the Tuesday Evening Series. Admission is free.
(For story see column one on the first page.)
