# Adv. 38 Page 11
## 
### 
HELP WANTED
Assist executive team with
Business Plan for Venture Capital
(VC) investment. Superior
written and verbal
communication skills required.
Proven track record in the
preparation of Business Plans
and PowerPoint presentations to
VC firms.
Responsibilities:
Market Research in next
generation Media products,
sections of Business Plan,
sections of PowerPoint
presentations, interact with
executive staff and investors.
Will work in fast-paced,
collaborative environment.
Hourly salary based on
qualifications.
Help researcher file patents in
image processing and image
compression fields. Requires
knowledge of image processing
and/or image compression.
Duties include patent search,
printing, filing, reading patents
and technical discussions.
$20+/ hr depending on
qualifications.
Contact Lorrine Carrara
Office Manager
IZAHI
Palo Alto, CA
650-326-7285 (Phone)
650-323-7285(FAX)
lorrine@izahi.com (e-mail).
Looking for F/T assistant (P/T
during school yr) to support
summer foreign language
conference, some travel req'd.
Must have excellent
communication and organization
skills, and ability to work
independently. Mac literacy
req'd (FileMaker Pro, &
PageMaker helpful) $8.75/ hour.
Call (650) 723-1827.
Female raters needed for
marketg study: Palo Alto;
â€” 1 -hr session; $20. Email:
ptang@pgspmail.org
