# Wilburs, Hoovers Invited to Prom
## 
### 
President and Mrs. Ray Lyman
Wilbur and Mr. and Mrs. Herbert.
Hoover were yesterday invited as
guests of honor to the Junior Prom
May 14 by Wayne Richardson, prom
chairman.
The Wilburs and the Hoovers will
join five other faculty couples as
patrons of the dance. Bids for the
affair—open to all students of the
University—are now on sale at the
A.S.S.U. office for $3.50.
Playing for the prom, one of the
biggest of the year's dances, will be
Vincent Lopez and his 15-piece Wal
dorf-Astoria orchestra. This will be
piano-playing Mr. Lopez' first ap
pearance in Northern California. He
currently maestroes for Grace
Moore's weekly radio show, makes
motion pictures in Hollywood.
