# Adv. 12 Page 4
## 
### 
Studious Sam Says— j
that it's not the first
cost but the upkeep
that shows real value
—a reason why—
3W\XF
good shoes are rest
Studious Sam Says— j
that it's not the first
cost but the upkeep
that shows real value
—a reason why—
3W\XF
good shoes are rest
Studious Sam Says— j
that it's not the first
cost but the upkeep
that shows real value
—a reason why—
3W\XF
good shoes are rest
Studious Sam Says— j
that it's not the first
cost but the upkeep
that shows real value
—a reason why—
3W\XF
good shoes are rest
Studious Sam Says— j
that it's not the first
cost but the upkeep
that shows real value
—a reason why—
3W\XF
good shoes are rest
Studious Sam Says— j
that it's not the first
cost but the upkeep
that shows real value
—a reason why—
3W\XF
good shoes are rest
Studious Sam Says— j
that it's not the first
cost but the upkeep
that shows real value
—a reason why—
3W\XF
good shoes are rest
Studious Sam Says— j
that it's not the first
cost but the upkeep
that shows real value
—a reason why—
3W\XF
good shoes are rest
Studious Sam Says— j
that it's not the first
cost but the upkeep
that shows real value
—a reason why—
3W\XF
good shoes are rest
Studious Sam Says— j
that it's not the first
cost but the upkeep
that shows real value
—a reason why—
3W\XF
good shoes are rest
Studious Sam Says— j
that it's not the first
cost but the upkeep
that shows real value
—a reason why—
3W\XF
good shoes are rest
Studious Sam Says— j
that it's not the first
cost but the upkeep
that shows real value
—a reason why—
3W\XF
good shoes are rest
Studious Sam Says— j
that it's not the first
cost but the upkeep
that shows real value
—a reason why—
3W\XF
good shoes are rest
Studious Sam Says— j
that it's not the first
cost but the upkeep
that shows real value
—a reason why—
3W\XF
good shoes are rest
Studious Sam Says— j
that it's not the first
cost but the upkeep
that shows real value
—a reason why—
3W\XF
good shoes are rest
Studious Sam Says— j
that it's not the first
cost but the upkeep
that shows real value
—a reason why—
3W\XF
good shoes are rest
