# TROOPS STATIONED TO QUELL RIOT AT CUBAN UNIVERSITY
## 
### 
HAVANA, Dec. 8. (A>)â€”With the
student situation still unsolved, and
clashes with police reported with in
creasing frequency, not only in
Havana, but through the island,
troops again wei'e stationed at the
National University today and pre
cautions against serious disorders
were doubled.
The troops placed around the Uni
versity were in charge of Captain
Mario Montero, formerly a star ath
lete and a campus hero at the in
stitution. It was believed his pres
ence would go a long way toward
quieting matters at the university.
Today's chief disturbances were
reported in Havana, Matanzas, and
Cicnfuegos.
Havana was quiet this afternoon
following upon an hour of disturb
ances in which high-school students
were the chief participants. Two
were injured and several were ar
rested.
