# NEW JUDGESHIP
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Dcc. 8 (/!'). —
Legislation to authorize creation of
an additional federal judgeship in
the State of Washington was ap
proved by the senate judiciary com
mittee today.
WASHINGTON, Dcc. 8 (/!'). —
Legislation to authorize creation of
an additional federal judgeship in
the State of Washington was ap
proved by the senate judiciary com
mittee today.
WASHINGTON, Dcc. 8 (/!'). —
Legislation to authorize creation of
an additional federal judgeship in
the State of Washington was ap
proved by the senate judiciary com
mittee today.
WASHINGTON, Dcc. 8 (/!'). —
Legislation to authorize creation of
an additional federal judgeship in
the State of Washington was ap
proved by the senate judiciary com
mittee today.
WASHINGTON, Dcc. 8 (/!'). —
Legislation to authorize creation of
an additional federal judgeship in
the State of Washington was ap
proved by the senate judiciary com
mittee today.
WASHINGTON, Dcc. 8 (/!'). —
Legislation to authorize creation of
an additional federal judgeship in
the State of Washington was ap
proved by the senate judiciary com
mittee today.
WASHINGTON, Dcc. 8 (/!'). —
Legislation to authorize creation of
an additional federal judgeship in
the State of Washington was ap
proved by the senate judiciary com
mittee today.
WASHINGTON, Dcc. 8 (/!'). —
Legislation to authorize creation of
an additional federal judgeship in
the State of Washington was ap
proved by the senate judiciary com
mittee today.
WASHINGTON, Dcc. 8 (/!'). —
Legislation to authorize creation of
an additional federal judgeship in
the State of Washington was ap
proved by the senate judiciary com
mittee today.
WASHINGTON, Dcc. 8 (/!'). —
Legislation to authorize creation of
an additional federal judgeship in
the State of Washington was ap
proved by the senate judiciary com
mittee today.
WASHINGTON, Dcc. 8 (/!'). —
Legislation to authorize creation of
an additional federal judgeship in
the State of Washington was ap
proved by the senate judiciary com
mittee today.
WASHINGTON, Dcc. 8 (/!'). —
Legislation to authorize creation of
an additional federal judgeship in
the State of Washington was ap
proved by the senate judiciary com
mittee today.
WASHINGTON, Dcc. 8 (/!'). —
Legislation to authorize creation of
an additional federal judgeship in
the State of Washington was ap
proved by the senate judiciary com
mittee today.
WASHINGTON, Dcc. 8 (/!'). —
Legislation to authorize creation of
an additional federal judgeship in
the State of Washington was ap
proved by the senate judiciary com
mittee today.
WASHINGTON, Dcc. 8 (/!'). —
Legislation to authorize creation of
an additional federal judgeship in
the State of Washington was ap
proved by the senate judiciary com
mittee today.
WASHINGTON, Dcc. 8 (/!'). —
Legislation to authorize creation of
an additional federal judgeship in
the State of Washington was ap
proved by the senate judiciary com
mittee today.
