# VOCATIONAL TESTS AID MEN TO CHOOSE WORK
## 
### 
The Vocational Interest Test, pre
pared by Dr. E. A. Strong, Jr., pro
fessor of psychology, is proving o
great value to men trying to decid
on a life work, according to th
psychology department.
An eight page leaflet, filled ou
privately by the person taking th<
test, is graded on 23 lines of wori
by the psychology department in ac
cordancc with statistics compile,
from interviewing hundreds of me
successful in those 23 ways of mak
ing a living.
The test may be taken by hot
Stanford students and outsider:
Blanks may be secured from th
Registrar's Office, and will b
graded for $2.
The Vocational Interest Test, pre
pared by Dr. E. A. Strong, Jr., pro
fessor of psychology, is proving o
great value to men trying to decid
on a life work, according to th
psychology department.
An eight page leaflet, filled ou
privately by the person taking th<
test, is graded on 23 lines of wori
by the psychology department in ac
cordancc with statistics compile,
from interviewing hundreds of me
successful in those 23 ways of mak
ing a living.
The test may be taken by hot
Stanford students and outsider:
Blanks may be secured from th
Registrar's Office, and will b
graded for $2.
The Vocational Interest Test, pre
pared by Dr. E. A. Strong, Jr., pro
fessor of psychology, is proving o
great value to men trying to decid
on a life work, according to th
psychology department.
An eight page leaflet, filled ou
privately by the person taking th<
test, is graded on 23 lines of wori
by the psychology department in ac
cordancc with statistics compile,
from interviewing hundreds of me
successful in those 23 ways of mak
ing a living.
The test may be taken by hot
Stanford students and outsider:
Blanks may be secured from th
Registrar's Office, and will b
graded for $2.
The Vocational Interest Test, pre
pared by Dr. E. A. Strong, Jr., pro
fessor of psychology, is proving o
great value to men trying to decid
on a life work, according to th
psychology department.
An eight page leaflet, filled ou
privately by the person taking th<
test, is graded on 23 lines of wori
by the psychology department in ac
cordancc with statistics compile,
from interviewing hundreds of me
successful in those 23 ways of mak
ing a living.
The test may be taken by hot
Stanford students and outsider:
Blanks may be secured from th
Registrar's Office, and will b
graded for $2.
The Vocational Interest Test, pre
pared by Dr. E. A. Strong, Jr., pro
fessor of psychology, is proving o
great value to men trying to decid
on a life work, according to th
psychology department.
An eight page leaflet, filled ou
privately by the person taking th<
test, is graded on 23 lines of wori
by the psychology department in ac
cordancc with statistics compile,
from interviewing hundreds of me
successful in those 23 ways of mak
ing a living.
The test may be taken by hot
Stanford students and outsider:
Blanks may be secured from th
Registrar's Office, and will b
graded for $2.
The Vocational Interest Test, pre
pared by Dr. E. A. Strong, Jr., pro
fessor of psychology, is proving o
great value to men trying to decid
on a life work, according to th
psychology department.
An eight page leaflet, filled ou
privately by the person taking th<
test, is graded on 23 lines of wori
by the psychology department in ac
cordancc with statistics compile,
from interviewing hundreds of me
successful in those 23 ways of mak
ing a living.
The test may be taken by hot
Stanford students and outsider:
Blanks may be secured from th
Registrar's Office, and will b
graded for $2.
The Vocational Interest Test, pre
pared by Dr. E. A. Strong, Jr., pro
fessor of psychology, is proving o
great value to men trying to decid
on a life work, according to th
psychology department.
An eight page leaflet, filled ou
privately by the person taking th<
test, is graded on 23 lines of wori
by the psychology department in ac
cordancc with statistics compile,
from interviewing hundreds of me
successful in those 23 ways of mak
ing a living.
The test may be taken by hot
Stanford students and outsider:
Blanks may be secured from th
Registrar's Office, and will b
graded for $2.
The Vocational Interest Test, pre
pared by Dr. E. A. Strong, Jr., pro
fessor of psychology, is proving o
great value to men trying to decid
on a life work, according to th
psychology department.
An eight page leaflet, filled ou
privately by the person taking th<
test, is graded on 23 lines of wori
by the psychology department in ac
cordancc with statistics compile,
from interviewing hundreds of me
successful in those 23 ways of mak
ing a living.
The test may be taken by hot
Stanford students and outsider:
Blanks may be secured from th
Registrar's Office, and will b
graded for $2.
The Vocational Interest Test, pre
pared by Dr. E. A. Strong, Jr., pro
fessor of psychology, is proving o
great value to men trying to decid
on a life work, according to th
psychology department.
An eight page leaflet, filled ou
privately by the person taking th<
test, is graded on 23 lines of wori
by the psychology department in ac
cordancc with statistics compile,
from interviewing hundreds of me
successful in those 23 ways of mak
ing a living.
The test may be taken by hot
Stanford students and outsider:
Blanks may be secured from th
Registrar's Office, and will b
graded for $2.
The Vocational Interest Test, pre
pared by Dr. E. A. Strong, Jr., pro
fessor of psychology, is proving o
great value to men trying to decid
on a life work, according to th
psychology department.
An eight page leaflet, filled ou
privately by the person taking th<
test, is graded on 23 lines of wori
by the psychology department in ac
cordancc with statistics compile,
from interviewing hundreds of me
successful in those 23 ways of mak
ing a living.
The test may be taken by hot
Stanford students and outsider:
Blanks may be secured from th
Registrar's Office, and will b
graded for $2.
The Vocational Interest Test, pre
pared by Dr. E. A. Strong, Jr., pro
fessor of psychology, is proving o
great value to men trying to decid
on a life work, according to th
psychology department.
An eight page leaflet, filled ou
privately by the person taking th<
test, is graded on 23 lines of wori
by the psychology department in ac
cordancc with statistics compile,
from interviewing hundreds of me
successful in those 23 ways of mak
ing a living.
The test may be taken by hot
Stanford students and outsider:
Blanks may be secured from th
Registrar's Office, and will b
graded for $2.
The Vocational Interest Test, pre
pared by Dr. E. A. Strong, Jr., pro
fessor of psychology, is proving o
great value to men trying to decid
on a life work, according to th
psychology department.
An eight page leaflet, filled ou
privately by the person taking th<
test, is graded on 23 lines of wori
by the psychology department in ac
cordancc with statistics compile,
from interviewing hundreds of me
successful in those 23 ways of mak
ing a living.
The test may be taken by hot
Stanford students and outsider:
Blanks may be secured from th
Registrar's Office, and will b
graded for $2.
The Vocational Interest Test, pre
pared by Dr. E. A. Strong, Jr., pro
fessor of psychology, is proving o
great value to men trying to decid
on a life work, according to th
psychology department.
An eight page leaflet, filled ou
privately by the person taking th<
test, is graded on 23 lines of wori
by the psychology department in ac
cordancc with statistics compile,
from interviewing hundreds of me
successful in those 23 ways of mak
ing a living.
The test may be taken by hot
Stanford students and outsider:
Blanks may be secured from th
Registrar's Office, and will b
graded for $2.
The Vocational Interest Test, pre
pared by Dr. E. A. Strong, Jr., pro
fessor of psychology, is proving o
great value to men trying to decid
on a life work, according to th
psychology department.
An eight page leaflet, filled ou
privately by the person taking th<
test, is graded on 23 lines of wori
by the psychology department in ac
cordancc with statistics compile,
from interviewing hundreds of me
successful in those 23 ways of mak
ing a living.
The test may be taken by hot
Stanford students and outsider:
Blanks may be secured from th
Registrar's Office, and will b
graded for $2.
The Vocational Interest Test, pre
pared by Dr. E. A. Strong, Jr., pro
fessor of psychology, is proving o
great value to men trying to decid
on a life work, according to th
psychology department.
An eight page leaflet, filled ou
privately by the person taking th<
test, is graded on 23 lines of wori
by the psychology department in ac
cordancc with statistics compile,
from interviewing hundreds of me
successful in those 23 ways of mak
ing a living.
The test may be taken by hot
Stanford students and outsider:
Blanks may be secured from th
Registrar's Office, and will b
graded for $2.
The Vocational Interest Test, pre
pared by Dr. E. A. Strong, Jr., pro
fessor of psychology, is proving o
great value to men trying to decid
on a life work, according to th
psychology department.
An eight page leaflet, filled ou
privately by the person taking th<
test, is graded on 23 lines of wori
by the psychology department in ac
cordancc with statistics compile,
from interviewing hundreds of me
successful in those 23 ways of mak
ing a living.
The test may be taken by hot
Stanford students and outsider:
Blanks may be secured from th
Registrar's Office, and will b
graded for $2.
