# NAVY PROGRAM ASKS SEVEN NEW VESSELS
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Dec. 8 (/I').—The
first administration naval construc
tion program laid before Congress
since President Hoover entered the
White House calls for an outlay of
$134,fi;>5.000 beginning in the next
fiscal yea:'.
It is the first step toward building
up the fleet in accordance with the
London Naval Treaty. Authorization
is needed for only seven of the eigh
teen vessels to be constructed.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 8 (/I').—The
first administration naval construc
tion program laid before Congress
since President Hoover entered the
White House calls for an outlay of
$134,fi;>5.000 beginning in the next
fiscal yea:'.
It is the first step toward building
up the fleet in accordance with the
London Naval Treaty. Authorization
is needed for only seven of the eigh
teen vessels to be constructed.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 8 (/I').—The
first administration naval construc
tion program laid before Congress
since President Hoover entered the
White House calls for an outlay of
$134,fi;>5.000 beginning in the next
fiscal yea:'.
It is the first step toward building
up the fleet in accordance with the
London Naval Treaty. Authorization
is needed for only seven of the eigh
teen vessels to be constructed.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 8 (/I').—The
first administration naval construc
tion program laid before Congress
since President Hoover entered the
White House calls for an outlay of
$134,fi;>5.000 beginning in the next
fiscal yea:'.
It is the first step toward building
up the fleet in accordance with the
London Naval Treaty. Authorization
is needed for only seven of the eigh
teen vessels to be constructed.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 8 (/I').—The
first administration naval construc
tion program laid before Congress
since President Hoover entered the
White House calls for an outlay of
$134,fi;>5.000 beginning in the next
fiscal yea:'.
It is the first step toward building
up the fleet in accordance with the
London Naval Treaty. Authorization
is needed for only seven of the eigh
teen vessels to be constructed.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 8 (/I').—The
first administration naval construc
tion program laid before Congress
since President Hoover entered the
White House calls for an outlay of
$134,fi;>5.000 beginning in the next
fiscal yea:'.
It is the first step toward building
up the fleet in accordance with the
London Naval Treaty. Authorization
is needed for only seven of the eigh
teen vessels to be constructed.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 8 (/I').—The
first administration naval construc
tion program laid before Congress
since President Hoover entered the
White House calls for an outlay of
$134,fi;>5.000 beginning in the next
fiscal yea:'.
It is the first step toward building
up the fleet in accordance with the
London Naval Treaty. Authorization
is needed for only seven of the eigh
teen vessels to be constructed.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 8 (/I').—The
first administration naval construc
tion program laid before Congress
since President Hoover entered the
White House calls for an outlay of
$134,fi;>5.000 beginning in the next
fiscal yea:'.
It is the first step toward building
up the fleet in accordance with the
London Naval Treaty. Authorization
is needed for only seven of the eigh
teen vessels to be constructed.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 8 (/I').—The
first administration naval construc
tion program laid before Congress
since President Hoover entered the
White House calls for an outlay of
$134,fi;>5.000 beginning in the next
fiscal yea:'.
It is the first step toward building
up the fleet in accordance with the
London Naval Treaty. Authorization
is needed for only seven of the eigh
teen vessels to be constructed.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 8 (/I').—The
first administration naval construc
tion program laid before Congress
since President Hoover entered the
White House calls for an outlay of
$134,fi;>5.000 beginning in the next
fiscal yea:'.
It is the first step toward building
up the fleet in accordance with the
London Naval Treaty. Authorization
is needed for only seven of the eigh
teen vessels to be constructed.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 8 (/I').—The
first administration naval construc
tion program laid before Congress
since President Hoover entered the
White House calls for an outlay of
$134,fi;>5.000 beginning in the next
fiscal yea:'.
It is the first step toward building
up the fleet in accordance with the
London Naval Treaty. Authorization
is needed for only seven of the eigh
teen vessels to be constructed.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 8 (/I').—The
first administration naval construc
tion program laid before Congress
since President Hoover entered the
White House calls for an outlay of
$134,fi;>5.000 beginning in the next
fiscal yea:'.
It is the first step toward building
up the fleet in accordance with the
London Naval Treaty. Authorization
is needed for only seven of the eigh
teen vessels to be constructed.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 8 (/I').—The
first administration naval construc
tion program laid before Congress
since President Hoover entered the
White House calls for an outlay of
$134,fi;>5.000 beginning in the next
fiscal yea:'.
It is the first step toward building
up the fleet in accordance with the
London Naval Treaty. Authorization
is needed for only seven of the eigh
teen vessels to be constructed.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 8 (/I').—The
first administration naval construc
tion program laid before Congress
since President Hoover entered the
White House calls for an outlay of
$134,fi;>5.000 beginning in the next
fiscal yea:'.
It is the first step toward building
up the fleet in accordance with the
London Naval Treaty. Authorization
is needed for only seven of the eigh
teen vessels to be constructed.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 8 (/I').—The
first administration naval construc
tion program laid before Congress
since President Hoover entered the
White House calls for an outlay of
$134,fi;>5.000 beginning in the next
fiscal yea:'.
It is the first step toward building
up the fleet in accordance with the
London Naval Treaty. Authorization
is needed for only seven of the eigh
teen vessels to be constructed.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 8 (/I').—The
first administration naval construc
tion program laid before Congress
since President Hoover entered the
White House calls for an outlay of
$134,fi;>5.000 beginning in the next
fiscal yea:'.
It is the first step toward building
up the fleet in accordance with the
London Naval Treaty. Authorization
is needed for only seven of the eigh
teen vessels to be constructed.
