# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Sodium fluoride is used effectively
to combat roaches in North Caro
lina.
Sodium fluoride is used effectively
to combat roaches in North Caro
lina.
Sodium fluoride is used effectively
to combat roaches in North Caro
lina.
Sodium fluoride is used effectively
to combat roaches in North Caro
lina.
Sodium fluoride is used effectively
to combat roaches in North Caro
lina.
Sodium fluoride is used effectively
to combat roaches in North Caro
lina.
Sodium fluoride is used effectively
to combat roaches in North Caro
lina.
Sodium fluoride is used effectively
to combat roaches in North Caro
lina.
Sodium fluoride is used effectively
to combat roaches in North Caro
lina.
Sodium fluoride is used effectively
to combat roaches in North Caro
lina.
Sodium fluoride is used effectively
to combat roaches in North Caro
lina.
Sodium fluoride is used effectively
to combat roaches in North Caro
lina.
Sodium fluoride is used effectively
to combat roaches in North Caro
lina.
Sodium fluoride is used effectively
to combat roaches in North Caro
lina.
Sodium fluoride is used effectively
to combat roaches in North Caro
lina.
Sodium fluoride is used effectively
to combat roaches in North Caro
lina.
