# LAST APPEAL MADE FOR SEAL CAMPAIGN
## 
### 
Tomorrow ends the Christmas Seal
campaign on the campus. Leaders
have reported that the students are
! not supporting the drive as they
should, and are asking that every
one does his bit before tomorrow
toward the total $300 goal.
Captains in the various living
groups are just completing their
canvassing, and for that reason, no
definite reports have been made as
to the actual pecuniary progress
j bring made.
1
Tomorrow ends the Christmas Seal
campaign on the campus. Leaders
have reported that the students are
! not supporting the drive as they
should, and are asking that every
one does his bit before tomorrow
toward the total $300 goal.
Captains in the various living
groups are just completing their
canvassing, and for that reason, no
definite reports have been made as
to the actual pecuniary progress
j bring made.
1
Tomorrow ends the Christmas Seal
campaign on the campus. Leaders
have reported that the students are
! not supporting the drive as they
should, and are asking that every
one does his bit before tomorrow
toward the total $300 goal.
Captains in the various living
groups are just completing their
canvassing, and for that reason, no
definite reports have been made as
to the actual pecuniary progress
j bring made.
1
Tomorrow ends the Christmas Seal
campaign on the campus. Leaders
have reported that the students are
! not supporting the drive as they
should, and are asking that every
one does his bit before tomorrow
toward the total $300 goal.
Captains in the various living
groups are just completing their
canvassing, and for that reason, no
definite reports have been made as
to the actual pecuniary progress
j bring made.
1
Tomorrow ends the Christmas Seal
campaign on the campus. Leaders
have reported that the students are
! not supporting the drive as they
should, and are asking that every
one does his bit before tomorrow
toward the total $300 goal.
Captains in the various living
groups are just completing their
canvassing, and for that reason, no
definite reports have been made as
to the actual pecuniary progress
j bring made.
1
Tomorrow ends the Christmas Seal
campaign on the campus. Leaders
have reported that the students are
! not supporting the drive as they
should, and are asking that every
one does his bit before tomorrow
toward the total $300 goal.
Captains in the various living
groups are just completing their
canvassing, and for that reason, no
definite reports have been made as
to the actual pecuniary progress
j bring made.
1
Tomorrow ends the Christmas Seal
campaign on the campus. Leaders
have reported that the students are
! not supporting the drive as they
should, and are asking that every
one does his bit before tomorrow
toward the total $300 goal.
Captains in the various living
groups are just completing their
canvassing, and for that reason, no
definite reports have been made as
to the actual pecuniary progress
j bring made.
1
Tomorrow ends the Christmas Seal
campaign on the campus. Leaders
have reported that the students are
! not supporting the drive as they
should, and are asking that every
one does his bit before tomorrow
toward the total $300 goal.
Captains in the various living
groups are just completing their
canvassing, and for that reason, no
definite reports have been made as
to the actual pecuniary progress
j bring made.
1
Tomorrow ends the Christmas Seal
campaign on the campus. Leaders
have reported that the students are
! not supporting the drive as they
should, and are asking that every
one does his bit before tomorrow
toward the total $300 goal.
Captains in the various living
groups are just completing their
canvassing, and for that reason, no
definite reports have been made as
to the actual pecuniary progress
j bring made.
1
Tomorrow ends the Christmas Seal
campaign on the campus. Leaders
have reported that the students are
! not supporting the drive as they
should, and are asking that every
one does his bit before tomorrow
toward the total $300 goal.
Captains in the various living
groups are just completing their
canvassing, and for that reason, no
definite reports have been made as
to the actual pecuniary progress
j bring made.
1
Tomorrow ends the Christmas Seal
campaign on the campus. Leaders
have reported that the students are
! not supporting the drive as they
should, and are asking that every
one does his bit before tomorrow
toward the total $300 goal.
Captains in the various living
groups are just completing their
canvassing, and for that reason, no
definite reports have been made as
to the actual pecuniary progress
j bring made.
1
Tomorrow ends the Christmas Seal
campaign on the campus. Leaders
have reported that the students are
! not supporting the drive as they
should, and are asking that every
one does his bit before tomorrow
toward the total $300 goal.
Captains in the various living
groups are just completing their
canvassing, and for that reason, no
definite reports have been made as
to the actual pecuniary progress
j bring made.
1
Tomorrow ends the Christmas Seal
campaign on the campus. Leaders
have reported that the students are
! not supporting the drive as they
should, and are asking that every
one does his bit before tomorrow
toward the total $300 goal.
Captains in the various living
groups are just completing their
canvassing, and for that reason, no
definite reports have been made as
to the actual pecuniary progress
j bring made.
1
Tomorrow ends the Christmas Seal
campaign on the campus. Leaders
have reported that the students are
! not supporting the drive as they
should, and are asking that every
one does his bit before tomorrow
toward the total $300 goal.
Captains in the various living
groups are just completing their
canvassing, and for that reason, no
definite reports have been made as
to the actual pecuniary progress
j bring made.
1
Tomorrow ends the Christmas Seal
campaign on the campus. Leaders
have reported that the students are
! not supporting the drive as they
should, and are asking that every
one does his bit before tomorrow
toward the total $300 goal.
Captains in the various living
groups are just completing their
canvassing, and for that reason, no
definite reports have been made as
to the actual pecuniary progress
j bring made.
1
Tomorrow ends the Christmas Seal
campaign on the campus. Leaders
have reported that the students are
! not supporting the drive as they
should, and are asking that every
one does his bit before tomorrow
toward the total $300 goal.
Captains in the various living
groups are just completing their
canvassing, and for that reason, no
definite reports have been made as
to the actual pecuniary progress
j bring made.
1
