# PIKE WILL TRAVEL TO CONVENTION HELD IN ATLANTA THIS MONTH
## 
### 
Tom Pike, A.S.S.U. president, will
leave here December 19 for Atlanta,
Georgia, where he will be Ihe Stan
ford delegate to the annual conven
tion of the National Student Federa
tion of America. The meet will be
held on the campus of the Georgia
Institute of Technology.
Pike will interview President Wil
bur and will also spend a few clays
in New York before proceeding
southward to the convention, which
will be held from December 29 to
January 2.
Tom Pike, A.S.S.U. president, will
leave here December 19 for Atlanta,
Georgia, where he will be Ihe Stan
ford delegate to the annual conven
tion of the National Student Federa
tion of America. The meet will be
held on the campus of the Georgia
Institute of Technology.
Pike will interview President Wil
bur and will also spend a few clays
in New York before proceeding
southward to the convention, which
will be held from December 29 to
January 2.
Tom Pike, A.S.S.U. president, will
leave here December 19 for Atlanta,
Georgia, where he will be Ihe Stan
ford delegate to the annual conven
tion of the National Student Federa
tion of America. The meet will be
held on the campus of the Georgia
Institute of Technology.
Pike will interview President Wil
bur and will also spend a few clays
in New York before proceeding
southward to the convention, which
will be held from December 29 to
January 2.
Tom Pike, A.S.S.U. president, will
leave here December 19 for Atlanta,
Georgia, where he will be Ihe Stan
ford delegate to the annual conven
tion of the National Student Federa
tion of America. The meet will be
held on the campus of the Georgia
Institute of Technology.
Pike will interview President Wil
bur and will also spend a few clays
in New York before proceeding
southward to the convention, which
will be held from December 29 to
January 2.
Tom Pike, A.S.S.U. president, will
leave here December 19 for Atlanta,
Georgia, where he will be Ihe Stan
ford delegate to the annual conven
tion of the National Student Federa
tion of America. The meet will be
held on the campus of the Georgia
Institute of Technology.
Pike will interview President Wil
bur and will also spend a few clays
in New York before proceeding
southward to the convention, which
will be held from December 29 to
January 2.
Tom Pike, A.S.S.U. president, will
leave here December 19 for Atlanta,
Georgia, where he will be Ihe Stan
ford delegate to the annual conven
tion of the National Student Federa
tion of America. The meet will be
held on the campus of the Georgia
Institute of Technology.
Pike will interview President Wil
bur and will also spend a few clays
in New York before proceeding
southward to the convention, which
will be held from December 29 to
January 2.
Tom Pike, A.S.S.U. president, will
leave here December 19 for Atlanta,
Georgia, where he will be Ihe Stan
ford delegate to the annual conven
tion of the National Student Federa
tion of America. The meet will be
held on the campus of the Georgia
Institute of Technology.
Pike will interview President Wil
bur and will also spend a few clays
in New York before proceeding
southward to the convention, which
will be held from December 29 to
January 2.
Tom Pike, A.S.S.U. president, will
leave here December 19 for Atlanta,
Georgia, where he will be Ihe Stan
ford delegate to the annual conven
tion of the National Student Federa
tion of America. The meet will be
held on the campus of the Georgia
Institute of Technology.
Pike will interview President Wil
bur and will also spend a few clays
in New York before proceeding
southward to the convention, which
will be held from December 29 to
January 2.
Tom Pike, A.S.S.U. president, will
leave here December 19 for Atlanta,
Georgia, where he will be Ihe Stan
ford delegate to the annual conven
tion of the National Student Federa
tion of America. The meet will be
held on the campus of the Georgia
Institute of Technology.
Pike will interview President Wil
bur and will also spend a few clays
in New York before proceeding
southward to the convention, which
will be held from December 29 to
January 2.
Tom Pike, A.S.S.U. president, will
leave here December 19 for Atlanta,
Georgia, where he will be Ihe Stan
ford delegate to the annual conven
tion of the National Student Federa
tion of America. The meet will be
held on the campus of the Georgia
Institute of Technology.
Pike will interview President Wil
bur and will also spend a few clays
in New York before proceeding
southward to the convention, which
will be held from December 29 to
January 2.
Tom Pike, A.S.S.U. president, will
leave here December 19 for Atlanta,
Georgia, where he will be Ihe Stan
ford delegate to the annual conven
tion of the National Student Federa
tion of America. The meet will be
held on the campus of the Georgia
Institute of Technology.
Pike will interview President Wil
bur and will also spend a few clays
in New York before proceeding
southward to the convention, which
will be held from December 29 to
January 2.
Tom Pike, A.S.S.U. president, will
leave here December 19 for Atlanta,
Georgia, where he will be Ihe Stan
ford delegate to the annual conven
tion of the National Student Federa
tion of America. The meet will be
held on the campus of the Georgia
Institute of Technology.
Pike will interview President Wil
bur and will also spend a few clays
in New York before proceeding
southward to the convention, which
will be held from December 29 to
January 2.
Tom Pike, A.S.S.U. president, will
leave here December 19 for Atlanta,
Georgia, where he will be Ihe Stan
ford delegate to the annual conven
tion of the National Student Federa
tion of America. The meet will be
held on the campus of the Georgia
Institute of Technology.
Pike will interview President Wil
bur and will also spend a few clays
in New York before proceeding
southward to the convention, which
will be held from December 29 to
January 2.
Tom Pike, A.S.S.U. president, will
leave here December 19 for Atlanta,
Georgia, where he will be Ihe Stan
ford delegate to the annual conven
tion of the National Student Federa
tion of America. The meet will be
held on the campus of the Georgia
Institute of Technology.
Pike will interview President Wil
bur and will also spend a few clays
in New York before proceeding
southward to the convention, which
will be held from December 29 to
January 2.
Tom Pike, A.S.S.U. president, will
leave here December 19 for Atlanta,
Georgia, where he will be Ihe Stan
ford delegate to the annual conven
tion of the National Student Federa
tion of America. The meet will be
held on the campus of the Georgia
Institute of Technology.
Pike will interview President Wil
bur and will also spend a few clays
in New York before proceeding
southward to the convention, which
will be held from December 29 to
January 2.
Tom Pike, A.S.S.U. president, will
leave here December 19 for Atlanta,
Georgia, where he will be Ihe Stan
ford delegate to the annual conven
tion of the National Student Federa
tion of America. The meet will be
held on the campus of the Georgia
Institute of Technology.
Pike will interview President Wil
bur and will also spend a few clays
in New York before proceeding
southward to the convention, which
will be held from December 29 to
January 2.
