# Adv. 50 Page 15
## 
### 
CHILDCARE
Looking for experienced,
enthusiastic babysitter 3-6
hrs/wk +occ evenings for 2 small
kids. Call Andrea @ 650327.8704
Needed: P/T childcare needed for
3 month old in Menlo Park home,
from 1-5 pm for 3 afternoons/wk
call 322-2720
PT Nanny needed. Wonderful
person needed 8-12 hr./wk.
evenings and afterschool for 2
gradeschool girls. Positive
attitude, exp., refs., & car
req. Atherton location. Please
call Liz 650-853-0691
DONORS WANTED
Asian/Japanese egg donor, age 20
to 30, healthy, mature, stable,
non-smoker, min 5'2", photo/self
and family health info required.
$ compensation for your gift of
happiness. Charles 408-605-1254
Egg Donors Wanted 21-30
Attractive, intelligent, Healthy
Special need for Jewish & Asian
Exllnt comp for qualified donors
F.A., Inc, 909-696-7466
www.FertilitvAlternatives.com
Help a loving Stanford couple
become parents by donating your
eggs. If you are 21-27, with
a very healthy personal/family
history, please contact us at
healthybabyo4@yahoo.com
Confidential.
