# KEAR on Air Despite Strike
## 
### 
Despite a mountain that won't
classify as a molehill, KEAR, the
good music station for the Bay Area,
continued on the air this weekend
using supervisory personnel.
The station was struck by its an
nouncers and engineers last week.
Friday night, the station charged
that the workers of the Piombo
Construction Company, which is
building the Buyshore freeway near
the Belmont transmitter site, had
blocked its driveway with a pile of
dirt.
Stephen A. Cisler, president of the
station, went on the air with a plea
to Peninsula residents to bring earth
fill to the station over the weekend,
and aid in the building of a new
access road.
Cisler alleged that the workers
had done it in collaboration with the
striking staff members, probably
without the knowledge of the con
struction company.
Despite a mountain that won't
classify as a molehill, KEAR, the
good music station for the Bay Area,
continued on the air this weekend
using supervisory personnel.
The station was struck by its an
nouncers and engineers last week.
Friday night, the station charged
that the workers of the Piombo
Construction Company, which is
building the Buyshore freeway near
the Belmont transmitter site, had
blocked its driveway with a pile of
dirt.
Stephen A. Cisler, president of the
station, went on the air with a plea
to Peninsula residents to bring earth
fill to the station over the weekend,
and aid in the building of a new
access road.
Cisler alleged that the workers
had done it in collaboration with the
striking staff members, probably
without the knowledge of the con
struction company.
Despite a mountain that won't
classify as a molehill, KEAR, the
good music station for the Bay Area,
continued on the air this weekend
using supervisory personnel.
The station was struck by its an
nouncers and engineers last week.
Friday night, the station charged
that the workers of the Piombo
Construction Company, which is
building the Buyshore freeway near
the Belmont transmitter site, had
blocked its driveway with a pile of
dirt.
Stephen A. Cisler, president of the
station, went on the air with a plea
to Peninsula residents to bring earth
fill to the station over the weekend,
and aid in the building of a new
access road.
Cisler alleged that the workers
had done it in collaboration with the
striking staff members, probably
without the knowledge of the con
struction company.
Despite a mountain that won't
classify as a molehill, KEAR, the
good music station for the Bay Area,
continued on the air this weekend
using supervisory personnel.
The station was struck by its an
nouncers and engineers last week.
Friday night, the station charged
that the workers of the Piombo
Construction Company, which is
building the Buyshore freeway near
the Belmont transmitter site, had
blocked its driveway with a pile of
dirt.
Stephen A. Cisler, president of the
station, went on the air with a plea
to Peninsula residents to bring earth
fill to the station over the weekend,
and aid in the building of a new
access road.
Cisler alleged that the workers
had done it in collaboration with the
striking staff members, probably
without the knowledge of the con
struction company.
Despite a mountain that won't
classify as a molehill, KEAR, the
good music station for the Bay Area,
continued on the air this weekend
using supervisory personnel.
The station was struck by its an
nouncers and engineers last week.
Friday night, the station charged
that the workers of the Piombo
Construction Company, which is
building the Buyshore freeway near
the Belmont transmitter site, had
blocked its driveway with a pile of
dirt.
Stephen A. Cisler, president of the
station, went on the air with a plea
to Peninsula residents to bring earth
fill to the station over the weekend,
and aid in the building of a new
access road.
Cisler alleged that the workers
had done it in collaboration with the
striking staff members, probably
without the knowledge of the con
struction company.
Despite a mountain that won't
classify as a molehill, KEAR, the
good music station for the Bay Area,
continued on the air this weekend
using supervisory personnel.
The station was struck by its an
nouncers and engineers last week.
Friday night, the station charged
that the workers of the Piombo
Construction Company, which is
building the Buyshore freeway near
the Belmont transmitter site, had
blocked its driveway with a pile of
dirt.
Stephen A. Cisler, president of the
station, went on the air with a plea
to Peninsula residents to bring earth
fill to the station over the weekend,
and aid in the building of a new
access road.
Cisler alleged that the workers
had done it in collaboration with the
striking staff members, probably
without the knowledge of the con
struction company.
Despite a mountain that won't
classify as a molehill, KEAR, the
good music station for the Bay Area,
continued on the air this weekend
using supervisory personnel.
The station was struck by its an
nouncers and engineers last week.
Friday night, the station charged
that the workers of the Piombo
Construction Company, which is
building the Buyshore freeway near
the Belmont transmitter site, had
blocked its driveway with a pile of
dirt.
Stephen A. Cisler, president of the
station, went on the air with a plea
to Peninsula residents to bring earth
fill to the station over the weekend,
and aid in the building of a new
access road.
Cisler alleged that the workers
had done it in collaboration with the
striking staff members, probably
without the knowledge of the con
struction company.
Despite a mountain that won't
classify as a molehill, KEAR, the
good music station for the Bay Area,
continued on the air this weekend
using supervisory personnel.
The station was struck by its an
nouncers and engineers last week.
Friday night, the station charged
that the workers of the Piombo
Construction Company, which is
building the Buyshore freeway near
the Belmont transmitter site, had
blocked its driveway with a pile of
dirt.
Stephen A. Cisler, president of the
station, went on the air with a plea
to Peninsula residents to bring earth
fill to the station over the weekend,
and aid in the building of a new
access road.
Cisler alleged that the workers
had done it in collaboration with the
striking staff members, probably
without the knowledge of the con
struction company.
Despite a mountain that won't
classify as a molehill, KEAR, the
good music station for the Bay Area,
continued on the air this weekend
using supervisory personnel.
The station was struck by its an
nouncers and engineers last week.
Friday night, the station charged
that the workers of the Piombo
Construction Company, which is
building the Buyshore freeway near
the Belmont transmitter site, had
blocked its driveway with a pile of
dirt.
Stephen A. Cisler, president of the
station, went on the air with a plea
to Peninsula residents to bring earth
fill to the station over the weekend,
and aid in the building of a new
access road.
Cisler alleged that the workers
had done it in collaboration with the
striking staff members, probably
without the knowledge of the con
struction company.
Despite a mountain that won't
classify as a molehill, KEAR, the
good music station for the Bay Area,
continued on the air this weekend
using supervisory personnel.
The station was struck by its an
nouncers and engineers last week.
Friday night, the station charged
that the workers of the Piombo
Construction Company, which is
building the Buyshore freeway near
the Belmont transmitter site, had
blocked its driveway with a pile of
dirt.
Stephen A. Cisler, president of the
station, went on the air with a plea
to Peninsula residents to bring earth
fill to the station over the weekend,
and aid in the building of a new
access road.
Cisler alleged that the workers
had done it in collaboration with the
striking staff members, probably
without the knowledge of the con
struction company.
Despite a mountain that won't
classify as a molehill, KEAR, the
good music station for the Bay Area,
continued on the air this weekend
using supervisory personnel.
The station was struck by its an
nouncers and engineers last week.
Friday night, the station charged
that the workers of the Piombo
Construction Company, which is
building the Buyshore freeway near
the Belmont transmitter site, had
blocked its driveway with a pile of
dirt.
Stephen A. Cisler, president of the
station, went on the air with a plea
to Peninsula residents to bring earth
fill to the station over the weekend,
and aid in the building of a new
access road.
Cisler alleged that the workers
had done it in collaboration with the
striking staff members, probably
without the knowledge of the con
struction company.
Despite a mountain that won't
classify as a molehill, KEAR, the
good music station for the Bay Area,
continued on the air this weekend
using supervisory personnel.
The station was struck by its an
nouncers and engineers last week.
Friday night, the station charged
that the workers of the Piombo
Construction Company, which is
building the Buyshore freeway near
the Belmont transmitter site, had
blocked its driveway with a pile of
dirt.
Stephen A. Cisler, president of the
station, went on the air with a plea
to Peninsula residents to bring earth
fill to the station over the weekend,
and aid in the building of a new
access road.
Cisler alleged that the workers
had done it in collaboration with the
striking staff members, probably
without the knowledge of the con
struction company.
Despite a mountain that won't
classify as a molehill, KEAR, the
good music station for the Bay Area,
continued on the air this weekend
using supervisory personnel.
The station was struck by its an
nouncers and engineers last week.
Friday night, the station charged
that the workers of the Piombo
Construction Company, which is
building the Buyshore freeway near
the Belmont transmitter site, had
blocked its driveway with a pile of
dirt.
Stephen A. Cisler, president of the
station, went on the air with a plea
to Peninsula residents to bring earth
fill to the station over the weekend,
and aid in the building of a new
access road.
Cisler alleged that the workers
had done it in collaboration with the
striking staff members, probably
without the knowledge of the con
struction company.
Despite a mountain that won't
classify as a molehill, KEAR, the
good music station for the Bay Area,
continued on the air this weekend
using supervisory personnel.
The station was struck by its an
nouncers and engineers last week.
Friday night, the station charged
that the workers of the Piombo
Construction Company, which is
building the Buyshore freeway near
the Belmont transmitter site, had
blocked its driveway with a pile of
dirt.
Stephen A. Cisler, president of the
station, went on the air with a plea
to Peninsula residents to bring earth
fill to the station over the weekend,
and aid in the building of a new
access road.
Cisler alleged that the workers
had done it in collaboration with the
striking staff members, probably
without the knowledge of the con
struction company.
