# Gough Advocates Formosa Defense
## 
### 
OAKLAND, Oct. 10 (UP)—Loss of
the Chinese Nationalist island of
Formosa to the Communists could
lead to America's first line of de
fense being pushed back to the
Golden Gate, Louis K. Gough of
Pasadena, former national com
mander of the American Legion,
said today.
Gough told representatives of Le
gionnaires from eight Northern Cal
ifornia counties that the United
States must aid Generalissimo
Chiang Kai-shek's forces with all
possible offenisve weapons.
OAKLAND, Oct. 10 (UP)—Loss of
the Chinese Nationalist island of
Formosa to the Communists could
lead to America's first line of de
fense being pushed back to the
Golden Gate, Louis K. Gough of
Pasadena, former national com
mander of the American Legion,
said today.
Gough told representatives of Le
gionnaires from eight Northern Cal
ifornia counties that the United
States must aid Generalissimo
Chiang Kai-shek's forces with all
possible offenisve weapons.
OAKLAND, Oct. 10 (UP)—Loss of
the Chinese Nationalist island of
Formosa to the Communists could
lead to America's first line of de
fense being pushed back to the
Golden Gate, Louis K. Gough of
Pasadena, former national com
mander of the American Legion,
said today.
Gough told representatives of Le
gionnaires from eight Northern Cal
ifornia counties that the United
States must aid Generalissimo
Chiang Kai-shek's forces with all
possible offenisve weapons.
OAKLAND, Oct. 10 (UP)—Loss of
the Chinese Nationalist island of
Formosa to the Communists could
lead to America's first line of de
fense being pushed back to the
Golden Gate, Louis K. Gough of
Pasadena, former national com
mander of the American Legion,
said today.
Gough told representatives of Le
gionnaires from eight Northern Cal
ifornia counties that the United
States must aid Generalissimo
Chiang Kai-shek's forces with all
possible offenisve weapons.
OAKLAND, Oct. 10 (UP)—Loss of
the Chinese Nationalist island of
Formosa to the Communists could
lead to America's first line of de
fense being pushed back to the
Golden Gate, Louis K. Gough of
Pasadena, former national com
mander of the American Legion,
said today.
Gough told representatives of Le
gionnaires from eight Northern Cal
ifornia counties that the United
States must aid Generalissimo
Chiang Kai-shek's forces with all
possible offenisve weapons.
OAKLAND, Oct. 10 (UP)—Loss of
the Chinese Nationalist island of
Formosa to the Communists could
lead to America's first line of de
fense being pushed back to the
Golden Gate, Louis K. Gough of
Pasadena, former national com
mander of the American Legion,
said today.
Gough told representatives of Le
gionnaires from eight Northern Cal
ifornia counties that the United
States must aid Generalissimo
Chiang Kai-shek's forces with all
possible offenisve weapons.
OAKLAND, Oct. 10 (UP)—Loss of
the Chinese Nationalist island of
Formosa to the Communists could
lead to America's first line of de
fense being pushed back to the
Golden Gate, Louis K. Gough of
Pasadena, former national com
mander of the American Legion,
said today.
Gough told representatives of Le
gionnaires from eight Northern Cal
ifornia counties that the United
States must aid Generalissimo
Chiang Kai-shek's forces with all
possible offenisve weapons.
OAKLAND, Oct. 10 (UP)—Loss of
the Chinese Nationalist island of
Formosa to the Communists could
lead to America's first line of de
fense being pushed back to the
Golden Gate, Louis K. Gough of
Pasadena, former national com
mander of the American Legion,
said today.
Gough told representatives of Le
gionnaires from eight Northern Cal
ifornia counties that the United
States must aid Generalissimo
Chiang Kai-shek's forces with all
possible offenisve weapons.
OAKLAND, Oct. 10 (UP)—Loss of
the Chinese Nationalist island of
Formosa to the Communists could
lead to America's first line of de
fense being pushed back to the
Golden Gate, Louis K. Gough of
Pasadena, former national com
mander of the American Legion,
said today.
Gough told representatives of Le
gionnaires from eight Northern Cal
ifornia counties that the United
States must aid Generalissimo
Chiang Kai-shek's forces with all
possible offenisve weapons.
OAKLAND, Oct. 10 (UP)—Loss of
the Chinese Nationalist island of
Formosa to the Communists could
lead to America's first line of de
fense being pushed back to the
Golden Gate, Louis K. Gough of
Pasadena, former national com
mander of the American Legion,
said today.
Gough told representatives of Le
gionnaires from eight Northern Cal
ifornia counties that the United
States must aid Generalissimo
Chiang Kai-shek's forces with all
possible offenisve weapons.
OAKLAND, Oct. 10 (UP)—Loss of
the Chinese Nationalist island of
Formosa to the Communists could
lead to America's first line of de
fense being pushed back to the
Golden Gate, Louis K. Gough of
Pasadena, former national com
mander of the American Legion,
said today.
Gough told representatives of Le
gionnaires from eight Northern Cal
ifornia counties that the United
States must aid Generalissimo
Chiang Kai-shek's forces with all
possible offenisve weapons.
OAKLAND, Oct. 10 (UP)—Loss of
the Chinese Nationalist island of
Formosa to the Communists could
lead to America's first line of de
fense being pushed back to the
Golden Gate, Louis K. Gough of
Pasadena, former national com
mander of the American Legion,
said today.
Gough told representatives of Le
gionnaires from eight Northern Cal
ifornia counties that the United
States must aid Generalissimo
Chiang Kai-shek's forces with all
possible offenisve weapons.
OAKLAND, Oct. 10 (UP)—Loss of
the Chinese Nationalist island of
Formosa to the Communists could
lead to America's first line of de
fense being pushed back to the
Golden Gate, Louis K. Gough of
Pasadena, former national com
mander of the American Legion,
said today.
Gough told representatives of Le
gionnaires from eight Northern Cal
ifornia counties that the United
States must aid Generalissimo
Chiang Kai-shek's forces with all
possible offenisve weapons.
OAKLAND, Oct. 10 (UP)—Loss of
the Chinese Nationalist island of
Formosa to the Communists could
lead to America's first line of de
fense being pushed back to the
Golden Gate, Louis K. Gough of
Pasadena, former national com
mander of the American Legion,
said today.
Gough told representatives of Le
gionnaires from eight Northern Cal
ifornia counties that the United
States must aid Generalissimo
Chiang Kai-shek's forces with all
possible offenisve weapons.
