# MURAL NOTICE
## 
### 
Ten-dollar deposits i'or all teams
entering intramural bowling are due
today. The schedule will begin to
morrow.
Ten-dollar deposits i'or all teams
entering intramural bowling are due
today. The schedule will begin to
morrow.
Ten-dollar deposits i'or all teams
entering intramural bowling are due
today. The schedule will begin to
morrow.
Ten-dollar deposits i'or all teams
entering intramural bowling are due
today. The schedule will begin to
morrow.
Ten-dollar deposits i'or all teams
entering intramural bowling are due
today. The schedule will begin to
morrow.
Ten-dollar deposits i'or all teams
entering intramural bowling are due
today. The schedule will begin to
morrow.
Ten-dollar deposits i'or all teams
entering intramural bowling are due
today. The schedule will begin to
morrow.
Ten-dollar deposits i'or all teams
entering intramural bowling are due
today. The schedule will begin to
morrow.
Ten-dollar deposits i'or all teams
entering intramural bowling are due
today. The schedule will begin to
morrow.
Ten-dollar deposits i'or all teams
entering intramural bowling are due
today. The schedule will begin to
morrow.
Ten-dollar deposits i'or all teams
entering intramural bowling are due
today. The schedule will begin to
morrow.
Ten-dollar deposits i'or all teams
entering intramural bowling are due
today. The schedule will begin to
morrow.
Ten-dollar deposits i'or all teams
entering intramural bowling are due
today. The schedule will begin to
morrow.
Ten-dollar deposits i'or all teams
entering intramural bowling are due
today. The schedule will begin to
morrow.
