# Adv. 22 Page 9
## 
### 
' \
CHINESE
INN
&
Newly expanded and
remodeled for your
dining comfort.
featuring the very best
m Cantonese &
Mandarin cuisine.
Extensive Men a
Beer & Wine
LUNCH—DINNER
-food TOG O
- 1352 B Camino Real
Menlo Park
323-6134
' \
CHINESE
INN
&
Newly expanded and
remodeled for your
dining comfort.
featuring the very best
m Cantonese &
Mandarin cuisine.
Extensive Men a
Beer & Wine
LUNCH—DINNER
-food TOG O
- 1352 B Camino Real
Menlo Park
323-6134
' \
CHINESE
INN
&
Newly expanded and
remodeled for your
dining comfort.
featuring the very best
m Cantonese &
Mandarin cuisine.
Extensive Men a
Beer & Wine
LUNCH—DINNER
-food TOG O
- 1352 B Camino Real
Menlo Park
323-6134
' \
CHINESE
INN
&
Newly expanded and
remodeled for your
dining comfort.
featuring the very best
m Cantonese &
Mandarin cuisine.
Extensive Men a
Beer & Wine
LUNCH—DINNER
-food TOG O
- 1352 B Camino Real
Menlo Park
323-6134
' \
CHINESE
INN
&
Newly expanded and
remodeled for your
dining comfort.
featuring the very best
m Cantonese &
Mandarin cuisine.
Extensive Men a
Beer & Wine
LUNCH—DINNER
-food TOG O
- 1352 B Camino Real
Menlo Park
323-6134
' \
CHINESE
INN
&
Newly expanded and
remodeled for your
dining comfort.
featuring the very best
m Cantonese &
Mandarin cuisine.
Extensive Men a
Beer & Wine
LUNCH—DINNER
-food TOG O
- 1352 B Camino Real
Menlo Park
323-6134
' \
CHINESE
INN
&
Newly expanded and
remodeled for your
dining comfort.
featuring the very best
m Cantonese &
Mandarin cuisine.
Extensive Men a
Beer & Wine
LUNCH—DINNER
-food TOG O
- 1352 B Camino Real
Menlo Park
323-6134
' \
CHINESE
INN
&
Newly expanded and
remodeled for your
dining comfort.
featuring the very best
m Cantonese &
Mandarin cuisine.
Extensive Men a
Beer & Wine
LUNCH—DINNER
-food TOG O
- 1352 B Camino Real
Menlo Park
323-6134
' \
CHINESE
INN
&
Newly expanded and
remodeled for your
dining comfort.
featuring the very best
m Cantonese &
Mandarin cuisine.
Extensive Men a
Beer & Wine
LUNCH—DINNER
-food TOG O
- 1352 B Camino Real
Menlo Park
323-6134
' \
CHINESE
INN
&
Newly expanded and
remodeled for your
dining comfort.
featuring the very best
m Cantonese &
Mandarin cuisine.
Extensive Men a
Beer & Wine
LUNCH—DINNER
-food TOG O
- 1352 B Camino Real
Menlo Park
323-6134
' \
CHINESE
INN
&
Newly expanded and
remodeled for your
dining comfort.
featuring the very best
m Cantonese &
Mandarin cuisine.
Extensive Men a
Beer & Wine
LUNCH—DINNER
-food TOG O
- 1352 B Camino Real
Menlo Park
323-6134
' \
CHINESE
INN
&
Newly expanded and
remodeled for your
dining comfort.
featuring the very best
m Cantonese &
Mandarin cuisine.
Extensive Men a
Beer & Wine
LUNCH—DINNER
-food TOG O
- 1352 B Camino Real
Menlo Park
323-6134
' \
CHINESE
INN
&
Newly expanded and
remodeled for your
dining comfort.
featuring the very best
m Cantonese &
Mandarin cuisine.
Extensive Men a
Beer & Wine
LUNCH—DINNER
-food TOG O
- 1352 B Camino Real
Menlo Park
323-6134
