# On to Omaha
## 
### 

Jack McDowell was named to
the All-West I Regional team by
pitching Stanford to two wins
this weekend, including the
tournament clincher yesterday
against Oral Roberts. The junior
right-hander has a career
postseason record of 4-0.


Stanford catcher Doug Robbins
had a Titanic crash with Oral
Roberts' 215-pound Brad Robin
son in the eighth inning of yes
terday's 9-4 Cardinal win but
held on to the ball for the out.


Toi Cook sympathized with
Washington State after Stan
ford's 12-11 comeback win on
Sunday forced the Cougars to
play another game that after
noon in the cold, windy weather
at Sunken Diamond.


Former Stan
ford linebacker
Mark Machtolf
flattened Oral
Roberts catcher
Pete Schmidt
like a California
tailback in the
sixth inning to
score Stan
ford's fifth run
yesterday.
Machtolf
crossed the
plate again,
though less
violently, in the
seventh and
had two hits on
the day.


Doug Robbins (20) and Ron Wit
meyer (10) were further apart in
the post game celebration than
they had been just moments
before while scoring the tying
and winning runs on Jeff
Saenger's double to give Stan
ford a thrilling 12-11 win Sun
day.
