# Keith Gledhill Reaches New Zealand For Tourney
## 
### 
Keith Giedhill, last year's tennis
captain, and national ranking play
er, arrived in New Zealand yester
day from Hawaii on his tour around
the world. He was Accompanied by
three other ranking American ten
nis players, Wilmer Allison, John
Van Ryn, and his doubles partner,
Ellsworth Vines.
The four racquet stars plan to
reach Europe in time for the Wim
bledon championships.
Keith Giedhill, last year's tennis
captain, and national ranking play
er, arrived in New Zealand yester
day from Hawaii on his tour around
the world. He was Accompanied by
three other ranking American ten
nis players, Wilmer Allison, John
Van Ryn, and his doubles partner,
Ellsworth Vines.
The four racquet stars plan to
reach Europe in time for the Wim
bledon championships.
Keith Giedhill, last year's tennis
captain, and national ranking play
er, arrived in New Zealand yester
day from Hawaii on his tour around
the world. He was Accompanied by
three other ranking American ten
nis players, Wilmer Allison, John
Van Ryn, and his doubles partner,
Ellsworth Vines.
The four racquet stars plan to
reach Europe in time for the Wim
bledon championships.
Keith Giedhill, last year's tennis
captain, and national ranking play
er, arrived in New Zealand yester
day from Hawaii on his tour around
the world. He was Accompanied by
three other ranking American ten
nis players, Wilmer Allison, John
Van Ryn, and his doubles partner,
Ellsworth Vines.
The four racquet stars plan to
reach Europe in time for the Wim
bledon championships.
Keith Giedhill, last year's tennis
captain, and national ranking play
er, arrived in New Zealand yester
day from Hawaii on his tour around
the world. He was Accompanied by
three other ranking American ten
nis players, Wilmer Allison, John
Van Ryn, and his doubles partner,
Ellsworth Vines.
The four racquet stars plan to
reach Europe in time for the Wim
bledon championships.
Keith Giedhill, last year's tennis
captain, and national ranking play
er, arrived in New Zealand yester
day from Hawaii on his tour around
the world. He was Accompanied by
three other ranking American ten
nis players, Wilmer Allison, John
Van Ryn, and his doubles partner,
Ellsworth Vines.
The four racquet stars plan to
reach Europe in time for the Wim
bledon championships.
Keith Giedhill, last year's tennis
captain, and national ranking play
er, arrived in New Zealand yester
day from Hawaii on his tour around
the world. He was Accompanied by
three other ranking American ten
nis players, Wilmer Allison, John
Van Ryn, and his doubles partner,
Ellsworth Vines.
The four racquet stars plan to
reach Europe in time for the Wim
bledon championships.
Keith Giedhill, last year's tennis
captain, and national ranking play
er, arrived in New Zealand yester
day from Hawaii on his tour around
the world. He was Accompanied by
three other ranking American ten
nis players, Wilmer Allison, John
Van Ryn, and his doubles partner,
Ellsworth Vines.
The four racquet stars plan to
reach Europe in time for the Wim
bledon championships.
Keith Giedhill, last year's tennis
captain, and national ranking play
er, arrived in New Zealand yester
day from Hawaii on his tour around
the world. He was Accompanied by
three other ranking American ten
nis players, Wilmer Allison, John
Van Ryn, and his doubles partner,
Ellsworth Vines.
The four racquet stars plan to
reach Europe in time for the Wim
bledon championships.
Keith Giedhill, last year's tennis
captain, and national ranking play
er, arrived in New Zealand yester
day from Hawaii on his tour around
the world. He was Accompanied by
three other ranking American ten
nis players, Wilmer Allison, John
Van Ryn, and his doubles partner,
Ellsworth Vines.
The four racquet stars plan to
reach Europe in time for the Wim
bledon championships.
Keith Giedhill, last year's tennis
captain, and national ranking play
er, arrived in New Zealand yester
day from Hawaii on his tour around
the world. He was Accompanied by
three other ranking American ten
nis players, Wilmer Allison, John
Van Ryn, and his doubles partner,
Ellsworth Vines.
The four racquet stars plan to
reach Europe in time for the Wim
bledon championships.
Keith Giedhill, last year's tennis
captain, and national ranking play
er, arrived in New Zealand yester
day from Hawaii on his tour around
the world. He was Accompanied by
three other ranking American ten
nis players, Wilmer Allison, John
Van Ryn, and his doubles partner,
Ellsworth Vines.
The four racquet stars plan to
reach Europe in time for the Wim
bledon championships.
Keith Giedhill, last year's tennis
captain, and national ranking play
er, arrived in New Zealand yester
day from Hawaii on his tour around
the world. He was Accompanied by
three other ranking American ten
nis players, Wilmer Allison, John
Van Ryn, and his doubles partner,
Ellsworth Vines.
The four racquet stars plan to
reach Europe in time for the Wim
bledon championships.
Keith Giedhill, last year's tennis
captain, and national ranking play
er, arrived in New Zealand yester
day from Hawaii on his tour around
the world. He was Accompanied by
three other ranking American ten
nis players, Wilmer Allison, John
Van Ryn, and his doubles partner,
Ellsworth Vines.
The four racquet stars plan to
reach Europe in time for the Wim
bledon championships.
Keith Giedhill, last year's tennis
captain, and national ranking play
er, arrived in New Zealand yester
day from Hawaii on his tour around
the world. He was Accompanied by
three other ranking American ten
nis players, Wilmer Allison, John
Van Ryn, and his doubles partner,
Ellsworth Vines.
The four racquet stars plan to
reach Europe in time for the Wim
bledon championships.
Keith Giedhill, last year's tennis
captain, and national ranking play
er, arrived in New Zealand yester
day from Hawaii on his tour around
the world. He was Accompanied by
three other ranking American ten
nis players, Wilmer Allison, John
Van Ryn, and his doubles partner,
Ellsworth Vines.
The four racquet stars plan to
reach Europe in time for the Wim
bledon championships.
