# HOOVER DELAYS PLANS
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Nov. 2 —
President Hoover yesterday ap
proved plans for another campaign
dash into electorally important sec
tions of the middlewest—a journey
he may extend into an eleventh
hour transcontinental swing.
Advisors close to Mr. Hoover have
reported him tentatively agreed
upon a swift swing on from the
Minnesota city to the Pacific coast.
Railroad itineraries have been pre
pared but he himself was still si
lent on the point late last night.
Should the President decide finally
upon a trip to California he would
stop off at some far western point
Monday night to deliver an election
eve appeal for votes by radio. The
Republican campaign committee has
arranged an extended broadcast on
lhat night, and wherever Mr. Hoo
ver is he plans to take part in it.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 2 —
President Hoover yesterday ap
proved plans for another campaign
dash into electorally important sec
tions of the middlewest—a journey
he may extend into an eleventh
hour transcontinental swing.
Advisors close to Mr. Hoover have
reported him tentatively agreed
upon a swift swing on from the
Minnesota city to the Pacific coast.
Railroad itineraries have been pre
pared but he himself was still si
lent on the point late last night.
Should the President decide finally
upon a trip to California he would
stop off at some far western point
Monday night to deliver an election
eve appeal for votes by radio. The
Republican campaign committee has
arranged an extended broadcast on
lhat night, and wherever Mr. Hoo
ver is he plans to take part in it.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 2 —
President Hoover yesterday ap
proved plans for another campaign
dash into electorally important sec
tions of the middlewest—a journey
he may extend into an eleventh
hour transcontinental swing.
Advisors close to Mr. Hoover have
reported him tentatively agreed
upon a swift swing on from the
Minnesota city to the Pacific coast.
Railroad itineraries have been pre
pared but he himself was still si
lent on the point late last night.
Should the President decide finally
upon a trip to California he would
stop off at some far western point
Monday night to deliver an election
eve appeal for votes by radio. The
Republican campaign committee has
arranged an extended broadcast on
lhat night, and wherever Mr. Hoo
ver is he plans to take part in it.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 2 —
President Hoover yesterday ap
proved plans for another campaign
dash into electorally important sec
tions of the middlewest—a journey
he may extend into an eleventh
hour transcontinental swing.
Advisors close to Mr. Hoover have
reported him tentatively agreed
upon a swift swing on from the
Minnesota city to the Pacific coast.
Railroad itineraries have been pre
pared but he himself was still si
lent on the point late last night.
Should the President decide finally
upon a trip to California he would
stop off at some far western point
Monday night to deliver an election
eve appeal for votes by radio. The
Republican campaign committee has
arranged an extended broadcast on
lhat night, and wherever Mr. Hoo
ver is he plans to take part in it.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 2 —
President Hoover yesterday ap
proved plans for another campaign
dash into electorally important sec
tions of the middlewest—a journey
he may extend into an eleventh
hour transcontinental swing.
Advisors close to Mr. Hoover have
reported him tentatively agreed
upon a swift swing on from the
Minnesota city to the Pacific coast.
Railroad itineraries have been pre
pared but he himself was still si
lent on the point late last night.
Should the President decide finally
upon a trip to California he would
stop off at some far western point
Monday night to deliver an election
eve appeal for votes by radio. The
Republican campaign committee has
arranged an extended broadcast on
lhat night, and wherever Mr. Hoo
ver is he plans to take part in it.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 2 —
President Hoover yesterday ap
proved plans for another campaign
dash into electorally important sec
tions of the middlewest—a journey
he may extend into an eleventh
hour transcontinental swing.
Advisors close to Mr. Hoover have
reported him tentatively agreed
upon a swift swing on from the
Minnesota city to the Pacific coast.
Railroad itineraries have been pre
pared but he himself was still si
lent on the point late last night.
Should the President decide finally
upon a trip to California he would
stop off at some far western point
Monday night to deliver an election
eve appeal for votes by radio. The
Republican campaign committee has
arranged an extended broadcast on
lhat night, and wherever Mr. Hoo
ver is he plans to take part in it.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 2 —
President Hoover yesterday ap
proved plans for another campaign
dash into electorally important sec
tions of the middlewest—a journey
he may extend into an eleventh
hour transcontinental swing.
Advisors close to Mr. Hoover have
reported him tentatively agreed
upon a swift swing on from the
Minnesota city to the Pacific coast.
Railroad itineraries have been pre
pared but he himself was still si
lent on the point late last night.
Should the President decide finally
upon a trip to California he would
stop off at some far western point
Monday night to deliver an election
eve appeal for votes by radio. The
Republican campaign committee has
arranged an extended broadcast on
lhat night, and wherever Mr. Hoo
ver is he plans to take part in it.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 2 —
President Hoover yesterday ap
proved plans for another campaign
dash into electorally important sec
tions of the middlewest—a journey
he may extend into an eleventh
hour transcontinental swing.
Advisors close to Mr. Hoover have
reported him tentatively agreed
upon a swift swing on from the
Minnesota city to the Pacific coast.
Railroad itineraries have been pre
pared but he himself was still si
lent on the point late last night.
Should the President decide finally
upon a trip to California he would
stop off at some far western point
Monday night to deliver an election
eve appeal for votes by radio. The
Republican campaign committee has
arranged an extended broadcast on
lhat night, and wherever Mr. Hoo
ver is he plans to take part in it.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 2 —
President Hoover yesterday ap
proved plans for another campaign
dash into electorally important sec
tions of the middlewest—a journey
he may extend into an eleventh
hour transcontinental swing.
Advisors close to Mr. Hoover have
reported him tentatively agreed
upon a swift swing on from the
Minnesota city to the Pacific coast.
Railroad itineraries have been pre
pared but he himself was still si
lent on the point late last night.
Should the President decide finally
upon a trip to California he would
stop off at some far western point
Monday night to deliver an election
eve appeal for votes by radio. The
Republican campaign committee has
arranged an extended broadcast on
lhat night, and wherever Mr. Hoo
ver is he plans to take part in it.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 2 —
President Hoover yesterday ap
proved plans for another campaign
dash into electorally important sec
tions of the middlewest—a journey
he may extend into an eleventh
hour transcontinental swing.
Advisors close to Mr. Hoover have
reported him tentatively agreed
upon a swift swing on from the
Minnesota city to the Pacific coast.
Railroad itineraries have been pre
pared but he himself was still si
lent on the point late last night.
Should the President decide finally
upon a trip to California he would
stop off at some far western point
Monday night to deliver an election
eve appeal for votes by radio. The
Republican campaign committee has
arranged an extended broadcast on
lhat night, and wherever Mr. Hoo
ver is he plans to take part in it.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 2 —
President Hoover yesterday ap
proved plans for another campaign
dash into electorally important sec
tions of the middlewest—a journey
he may extend into an eleventh
hour transcontinental swing.
Advisors close to Mr. Hoover have
reported him tentatively agreed
upon a swift swing on from the
Minnesota city to the Pacific coast.
Railroad itineraries have been pre
pared but he himself was still si
lent on the point late last night.
Should the President decide finally
upon a trip to California he would
stop off at some far western point
Monday night to deliver an election
eve appeal for votes by radio. The
Republican campaign committee has
arranged an extended broadcast on
lhat night, and wherever Mr. Hoo
ver is he plans to take part in it.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 2 —
President Hoover yesterday ap
proved plans for another campaign
dash into electorally important sec
tions of the middlewest—a journey
he may extend into an eleventh
hour transcontinental swing.
Advisors close to Mr. Hoover have
reported him tentatively agreed
upon a swift swing on from the
Minnesota city to the Pacific coast.
Railroad itineraries have been pre
pared but he himself was still si
lent on the point late last night.
Should the President decide finally
upon a trip to California he would
stop off at some far western point
Monday night to deliver an election
eve appeal for votes by radio. The
Republican campaign committee has
arranged an extended broadcast on
lhat night, and wherever Mr. Hoo
ver is he plans to take part in it.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 2 —
President Hoover yesterday ap
proved plans for another campaign
dash into electorally important sec
tions of the middlewest—a journey
he may extend into an eleventh
hour transcontinental swing.
Advisors close to Mr. Hoover have
reported him tentatively agreed
upon a swift swing on from the
Minnesota city to the Pacific coast.
Railroad itineraries have been pre
pared but he himself was still si
lent on the point late last night.
Should the President decide finally
upon a trip to California he would
stop off at some far western point
Monday night to deliver an election
eve appeal for votes by radio. The
Republican campaign committee has
arranged an extended broadcast on
lhat night, and wherever Mr. Hoo
ver is he plans to take part in it.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 2 —
President Hoover yesterday ap
proved plans for another campaign
dash into electorally important sec
tions of the middlewest—a journey
he may extend into an eleventh
hour transcontinental swing.
Advisors close to Mr. Hoover have
reported him tentatively agreed
upon a swift swing on from the
Minnesota city to the Pacific coast.
Railroad itineraries have been pre
pared but he himself was still si
lent on the point late last night.
Should the President decide finally
upon a trip to California he would
stop off at some far western point
Monday night to deliver an election
eve appeal for votes by radio. The
Republican campaign committee has
arranged an extended broadcast on
lhat night, and wherever Mr. Hoo
ver is he plans to take part in it.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 2 —
President Hoover yesterday ap
proved plans for another campaign
dash into electorally important sec
tions of the middlewest—a journey
he may extend into an eleventh
hour transcontinental swing.
Advisors close to Mr. Hoover have
reported him tentatively agreed
upon a swift swing on from the
Minnesota city to the Pacific coast.
Railroad itineraries have been pre
pared but he himself was still si
lent on the point late last night.
Should the President decide finally
upon a trip to California he would
stop off at some far western point
Monday night to deliver an election
eve appeal for votes by radio. The
Republican campaign committee has
arranged an extended broadcast on
lhat night, and wherever Mr. Hoo
ver is he plans to take part in it.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 2 —
President Hoover yesterday ap
proved plans for another campaign
dash into electorally important sec
tions of the middlewest—a journey
he may extend into an eleventh
hour transcontinental swing.
Advisors close to Mr. Hoover have
reported him tentatively agreed
upon a swift swing on from the
Minnesota city to the Pacific coast.
Railroad itineraries have been pre
pared but he himself was still si
lent on the point late last night.
Should the President decide finally
upon a trip to California he would
stop off at some far western point
Monday night to deliver an election
eve appeal for votes by radio. The
Republican campaign committee has
arranged an extended broadcast on
lhat night, and wherever Mr. Hoo
ver is he plans to take part in it.
