# Frosh Water Poloists Play
## 
### 
Coach Nort Thornton will get his
first glimpse of his freshman water
poloists in action tomorrow after
noon when they tangle with Ted
Smith's Mountain View High School
team in Encina pool.
This is Mountain View's second
year in water polo competition and
although last year's freshman team
defeated them 21 to 0, since Smith
has practically all veterans, tomor
row's game should be much closer.
However, since Palo Alto High
School has already beaten Mountain
View 10 to 1, the Indian fishlets
should have little trouble winning.
Tomorrow's game will give Coach
Thornton an opportunity to try sev
eral combinations and see which one
works best under fire. Most of the
practicing to date has been on fun
damentals, with a few scrimmages
thrown in.
Those players who will undoubt
edly see action in tomorrow's game
are: Phil Bateson, Ellison Viney,
Charles Danforth, George Rulison,
pnd George Pollock, forwards; Pier
| son Dean, Defaix Myers, Norman
Buell, Richard Pettit, and Phil Pres
j cott, guards; and Ted Livingston,
I Al Favour, and William Nash, goal
guards.
Coach Nort Thornton will get his
first glimpse of his freshman water
poloists in action tomorrow after
noon when they tangle with Ted
Smith's Mountain View High School
team in Encina pool.
This is Mountain View's second
year in water polo competition and
although last year's freshman team
defeated them 21 to 0, since Smith
has practically all veterans, tomor
row's game should be much closer.
However, since Palo Alto High
School has already beaten Mountain
View 10 to 1, the Indian fishlets
should have little trouble winning.
Tomorrow's game will give Coach
Thornton an opportunity to try sev
eral combinations and see which one
works best under fire. Most of the
practicing to date has been on fun
damentals, with a few scrimmages
thrown in.
Those players who will undoubt
edly see action in tomorrow's game
are: Phil Bateson, Ellison Viney,
Charles Danforth, George Rulison,
pnd George Pollock, forwards; Pier
| son Dean, Defaix Myers, Norman
Buell, Richard Pettit, and Phil Pres
j cott, guards; and Ted Livingston,
I Al Favour, and William Nash, goal
guards.
Coach Nort Thornton will get his
first glimpse of his freshman water
poloists in action tomorrow after
noon when they tangle with Ted
Smith's Mountain View High School
team in Encina pool.
This is Mountain View's second
year in water polo competition and
although last year's freshman team
defeated them 21 to 0, since Smith
has practically all veterans, tomor
row's game should be much closer.
However, since Palo Alto High
School has already beaten Mountain
View 10 to 1, the Indian fishlets
should have little trouble winning.
Tomorrow's game will give Coach
Thornton an opportunity to try sev
eral combinations and see which one
works best under fire. Most of the
practicing to date has been on fun
damentals, with a few scrimmages
thrown in.
Those players who will undoubt
edly see action in tomorrow's game
are: Phil Bateson, Ellison Viney,
Charles Danforth, George Rulison,
pnd George Pollock, forwards; Pier
| son Dean, Defaix Myers, Norman
Buell, Richard Pettit, and Phil Pres
j cott, guards; and Ted Livingston,
I Al Favour, and William Nash, goal
guards.
Coach Nort Thornton will get his
first glimpse of his freshman water
poloists in action tomorrow after
noon when they tangle with Ted
Smith's Mountain View High School
team in Encina pool.
This is Mountain View's second
year in water polo competition and
although last year's freshman team
defeated them 21 to 0, since Smith
has practically all veterans, tomor
row's game should be much closer.
However, since Palo Alto High
School has already beaten Mountain
View 10 to 1, the Indian fishlets
should have little trouble winning.
Tomorrow's game will give Coach
Thornton an opportunity to try sev
eral combinations and see which one
works best under fire. Most of the
practicing to date has been on fun
damentals, with a few scrimmages
thrown in.
Those players who will undoubt
edly see action in tomorrow's game
are: Phil Bateson, Ellison Viney,
Charles Danforth, George Rulison,
pnd George Pollock, forwards; Pier
| son Dean, Defaix Myers, Norman
Buell, Richard Pettit, and Phil Pres
j cott, guards; and Ted Livingston,
I Al Favour, and William Nash, goal
guards.
Coach Nort Thornton will get his
first glimpse of his freshman water
poloists in action tomorrow after
noon when they tangle with Ted
Smith's Mountain View High School
team in Encina pool.
This is Mountain View's second
year in water polo competition and
although last year's freshman team
defeated them 21 to 0, since Smith
has practically all veterans, tomor
row's game should be much closer.
However, since Palo Alto High
School has already beaten Mountain
View 10 to 1, the Indian fishlets
should have little trouble winning.
Tomorrow's game will give Coach
Thornton an opportunity to try sev
eral combinations and see which one
works best under fire. Most of the
practicing to date has been on fun
damentals, with a few scrimmages
thrown in.
Those players who will undoubt
edly see action in tomorrow's game
are: Phil Bateson, Ellison Viney,
Charles Danforth, George Rulison,
pnd George Pollock, forwards; Pier
| son Dean, Defaix Myers, Norman
Buell, Richard Pettit, and Phil Pres
j cott, guards; and Ted Livingston,
I Al Favour, and William Nash, goal
guards.
Coach Nort Thornton will get his
first glimpse of his freshman water
poloists in action tomorrow after
noon when they tangle with Ted
Smith's Mountain View High School
team in Encina pool.
This is Mountain View's second
year in water polo competition and
although last year's freshman team
defeated them 21 to 0, since Smith
has practically all veterans, tomor
row's game should be much closer.
However, since Palo Alto High
School has already beaten Mountain
View 10 to 1, the Indian fishlets
should have little trouble winning.
Tomorrow's game will give Coach
Thornton an opportunity to try sev
eral combinations and see which one
works best under fire. Most of the
practicing to date has been on fun
damentals, with a few scrimmages
thrown in.
Those players who will undoubt
edly see action in tomorrow's game
are: Phil Bateson, Ellison Viney,
Charles Danforth, George Rulison,
pnd George Pollock, forwards; Pier
| son Dean, Defaix Myers, Norman
Buell, Richard Pettit, and Phil Pres
j cott, guards; and Ted Livingston,
I Al Favour, and William Nash, goal
guards.
Coach Nort Thornton will get his
first glimpse of his freshman water
poloists in action tomorrow after
noon when they tangle with Ted
Smith's Mountain View High School
team in Encina pool.
This is Mountain View's second
year in water polo competition and
although last year's freshman team
defeated them 21 to 0, since Smith
has practically all veterans, tomor
row's game should be much closer.
However, since Palo Alto High
School has already beaten Mountain
View 10 to 1, the Indian fishlets
should have little trouble winning.
Tomorrow's game will give Coach
Thornton an opportunity to try sev
eral combinations and see which one
works best under fire. Most of the
practicing to date has been on fun
damentals, with a few scrimmages
thrown in.
Those players who will undoubt
edly see action in tomorrow's game
are: Phil Bateson, Ellison Viney,
Charles Danforth, George Rulison,
pnd George Pollock, forwards; Pier
| son Dean, Defaix Myers, Norman
Buell, Richard Pettit, and Phil Pres
j cott, guards; and Ted Livingston,
I Al Favour, and William Nash, goal
guards.
Coach Nort Thornton will get his
first glimpse of his freshman water
poloists in action tomorrow after
noon when they tangle with Ted
Smith's Mountain View High School
team in Encina pool.
This is Mountain View's second
year in water polo competition and
although last year's freshman team
defeated them 21 to 0, since Smith
has practically all veterans, tomor
row's game should be much closer.
However, since Palo Alto High
School has already beaten Mountain
View 10 to 1, the Indian fishlets
should have little trouble winning.
Tomorrow's game will give Coach
Thornton an opportunity to try sev
eral combinations and see which one
works best under fire. Most of the
practicing to date has been on fun
damentals, with a few scrimmages
thrown in.
Those players who will undoubt
edly see action in tomorrow's game
are: Phil Bateson, Ellison Viney,
Charles Danforth, George Rulison,
pnd George Pollock, forwards; Pier
| son Dean, Defaix Myers, Norman
Buell, Richard Pettit, and Phil Pres
j cott, guards; and Ted Livingston,
I Al Favour, and William Nash, goal
guards.
Coach Nort Thornton will get his
first glimpse of his freshman water
poloists in action tomorrow after
noon when they tangle with Ted
Smith's Mountain View High School
team in Encina pool.
This is Mountain View's second
year in water polo competition and
although last year's freshman team
defeated them 21 to 0, since Smith
has practically all veterans, tomor
row's game should be much closer.
However, since Palo Alto High
School has already beaten Mountain
View 10 to 1, the Indian fishlets
should have little trouble winning.
Tomorrow's game will give Coach
Thornton an opportunity to try sev
eral combinations and see which one
works best under fire. Most of the
practicing to date has been on fun
damentals, with a few scrimmages
thrown in.
Those players who will undoubt
edly see action in tomorrow's game
are: Phil Bateson, Ellison Viney,
Charles Danforth, George Rulison,
pnd George Pollock, forwards; Pier
| son Dean, Defaix Myers, Norman
Buell, Richard Pettit, and Phil Pres
j cott, guards; and Ted Livingston,
I Al Favour, and William Nash, goal
guards.
Coach Nort Thornton will get his
first glimpse of his freshman water
poloists in action tomorrow after
noon when they tangle with Ted
Smith's Mountain View High School
team in Encina pool.
This is Mountain View's second
year in water polo competition and
although last year's freshman team
defeated them 21 to 0, since Smith
has practically all veterans, tomor
row's game should be much closer.
However, since Palo Alto High
School has already beaten Mountain
View 10 to 1, the Indian fishlets
should have little trouble winning.
Tomorrow's game will give Coach
Thornton an opportunity to try sev
eral combinations and see which one
works best under fire. Most of the
practicing to date has been on fun
damentals, with a few scrimmages
thrown in.
Those players who will undoubt
edly see action in tomorrow's game
are: Phil Bateson, Ellison Viney,
Charles Danforth, George Rulison,
pnd George Pollock, forwards; Pier
| son Dean, Defaix Myers, Norman
Buell, Richard Pettit, and Phil Pres
j cott, guards; and Ted Livingston,
I Al Favour, and William Nash, goal
guards.
Coach Nort Thornton will get his
first glimpse of his freshman water
poloists in action tomorrow after
noon when they tangle with Ted
Smith's Mountain View High School
team in Encina pool.
This is Mountain View's second
year in water polo competition and
although last year's freshman team
defeated them 21 to 0, since Smith
has practically all veterans, tomor
row's game should be much closer.
However, since Palo Alto High
School has already beaten Mountain
View 10 to 1, the Indian fishlets
should have little trouble winning.
Tomorrow's game will give Coach
Thornton an opportunity to try sev
eral combinations and see which one
works best under fire. Most of the
practicing to date has been on fun
damentals, with a few scrimmages
thrown in.
Those players who will undoubt
edly see action in tomorrow's game
are: Phil Bateson, Ellison Viney,
Charles Danforth, George Rulison,
pnd George Pollock, forwards; Pier
| son Dean, Defaix Myers, Norman
Buell, Richard Pettit, and Phil Pres
j cott, guards; and Ted Livingston,
I Al Favour, and William Nash, goal
guards.
Coach Nort Thornton will get his
first glimpse of his freshman water
poloists in action tomorrow after
noon when they tangle with Ted
Smith's Mountain View High School
team in Encina pool.
This is Mountain View's second
year in water polo competition and
although last year's freshman team
defeated them 21 to 0, since Smith
has practically all veterans, tomor
row's game should be much closer.
However, since Palo Alto High
School has already beaten Mountain
View 10 to 1, the Indian fishlets
should have little trouble winning.
Tomorrow's game will give Coach
Thornton an opportunity to try sev
eral combinations and see which one
works best under fire. Most of the
practicing to date has been on fun
damentals, with a few scrimmages
thrown in.
Those players who will undoubt
edly see action in tomorrow's game
are: Phil Bateson, Ellison Viney,
Charles Danforth, George Rulison,
pnd George Pollock, forwards; Pier
| son Dean, Defaix Myers, Norman
Buell, Richard Pettit, and Phil Pres
j cott, guards; and Ted Livingston,
I Al Favour, and William Nash, goal
guards.
Coach Nort Thornton will get his
first glimpse of his freshman water
poloists in action tomorrow after
noon when they tangle with Ted
Smith's Mountain View High School
team in Encina pool.
This is Mountain View's second
year in water polo competition and
although last year's freshman team
defeated them 21 to 0, since Smith
has practically all veterans, tomor
row's game should be much closer.
However, since Palo Alto High
School has already beaten Mountain
View 10 to 1, the Indian fishlets
should have little trouble winning.
Tomorrow's game will give Coach
Thornton an opportunity to try sev
eral combinations and see which one
works best under fire. Most of the
practicing to date has been on fun
damentals, with a few scrimmages
thrown in.
Those players who will undoubt
edly see action in tomorrow's game
are: Phil Bateson, Ellison Viney,
Charles Danforth, George Rulison,
pnd George Pollock, forwards; Pier
| son Dean, Defaix Myers, Norman
Buell, Richard Pettit, and Phil Pres
j cott, guards; and Ted Livingston,
I Al Favour, and William Nash, goal
guards.
Coach Nort Thornton will get his
first glimpse of his freshman water
poloists in action tomorrow after
noon when they tangle with Ted
Smith's Mountain View High School
team in Encina pool.
This is Mountain View's second
year in water polo competition and
although last year's freshman team
defeated them 21 to 0, since Smith
has practically all veterans, tomor
row's game should be much closer.
However, since Palo Alto High
School has already beaten Mountain
View 10 to 1, the Indian fishlets
should have little trouble winning.
Tomorrow's game will give Coach
Thornton an opportunity to try sev
eral combinations and see which one
works best under fire. Most of the
practicing to date has been on fun
damentals, with a few scrimmages
thrown in.
Those players who will undoubt
edly see action in tomorrow's game
are: Phil Bateson, Ellison Viney,
Charles Danforth, George Rulison,
pnd George Pollock, forwards; Pier
| son Dean, Defaix Myers, Norman
Buell, Richard Pettit, and Phil Pres
j cott, guards; and Ted Livingston,
I Al Favour, and William Nash, goal
guards.
Coach Nort Thornton will get his
first glimpse of his freshman water
poloists in action tomorrow after
noon when they tangle with Ted
Smith's Mountain View High School
team in Encina pool.
This is Mountain View's second
year in water polo competition and
although last year's freshman team
defeated them 21 to 0, since Smith
has practically all veterans, tomor
row's game should be much closer.
However, since Palo Alto High
School has already beaten Mountain
View 10 to 1, the Indian fishlets
should have little trouble winning.
Tomorrow's game will give Coach
Thornton an opportunity to try sev
eral combinations and see which one
works best under fire. Most of the
practicing to date has been on fun
damentals, with a few scrimmages
thrown in.
Those players who will undoubt
edly see action in tomorrow's game
are: Phil Bateson, Ellison Viney,
Charles Danforth, George Rulison,
pnd George Pollock, forwards; Pier
| son Dean, Defaix Myers, Norman
Buell, Richard Pettit, and Phil Pres
j cott, guards; and Ted Livingston,
I Al Favour, and William Nash, goal
guards.
Coach Nort Thornton will get his
first glimpse of his freshman water
poloists in action tomorrow after
noon when they tangle with Ted
Smith's Mountain View High School
team in Encina pool.
This is Mountain View's second
year in water polo competition and
although last year's freshman team
defeated them 21 to 0, since Smith
has practically all veterans, tomor
row's game should be much closer.
However, since Palo Alto High
School has already beaten Mountain
View 10 to 1, the Indian fishlets
should have little trouble winning.
Tomorrow's game will give Coach
Thornton an opportunity to try sev
eral combinations and see which one
works best under fire. Most of the
practicing to date has been on fun
damentals, with a few scrimmages
thrown in.
Those players who will undoubt
edly see action in tomorrow's game
are: Phil Bateson, Ellison Viney,
Charles Danforth, George Rulison,
pnd George Pollock, forwards; Pier
| son Dean, Defaix Myers, Norman
Buell, Richard Pettit, and Phil Pres
j cott, guards; and Ted Livingston,
I Al Favour, and William Nash, goal
guards.
