# S.A.E. PLEDGES
## 
### 
Sigma Alpha Epsilon announces
the pledging of Wilson Kockwell,
'34.
Sigma Alpha Epsilon announces
the pledging of Wilson Kockwell,
'34.
Sigma Alpha Epsilon announces
the pledging of Wilson Kockwell,
'34.
Sigma Alpha Epsilon announces
the pledging of Wilson Kockwell,
'34.
Sigma Alpha Epsilon announces
the pledging of Wilson Kockwell,
'34.
Sigma Alpha Epsilon announces
the pledging of Wilson Kockwell,
'34.
Sigma Alpha Epsilon announces
the pledging of Wilson Kockwell,
'34.
Sigma Alpha Epsilon announces
the pledging of Wilson Kockwell,
'34.
Sigma Alpha Epsilon announces
the pledging of Wilson Kockwell,
'34.
Sigma Alpha Epsilon announces
the pledging of Wilson Kockwell,
'34.
Sigma Alpha Epsilon announces
the pledging of Wilson Kockwell,
'34.
Sigma Alpha Epsilon announces
the pledging of Wilson Kockwell,
'34.
Sigma Alpha Epsilon announces
the pledging of Wilson Kockwell,
'34.
Sigma Alpha Epsilon announces
the pledging of Wilson Kockwell,
'34.
Sigma Alpha Epsilon announces
the pledging of Wilson Kockwell,
'34.
Sigma Alpha Epsilon announces
the pledging of Wilson Kockwell,
'34.
