# FORUM DISCUSSES POLITICAL ISSUES
## 
### 
Issues of (he coming election will
be discussed at the meeting of the
Palo Alto Forum to be held at 7:30
o'clock tonight at the Episcopalian
parish house.
The first hour will be devoted to a
discussion of the school tax shift
and amendments on the ballot. J. O.
Davis, formerly a customs collector
of the Port of San Francisco, will
speak against the measure. Dr. El
mer Stafflebach of San Jose will
speak in favor of it. Dr. Stafflebach
is; a director of research for the
California Teachers' Association.
Each speaker will talk for 20 min
utes, and after each address 10 min
utes will be devoted to questions
from the audience.
The rest of the meeting will be
turned over to D. T. Jenkins, can
didate for superior court judge of
San Jose. He will discuss the re
maining amendments. Members of
the forum will be given opportunity
to meet Jenkins.
Issues of (he coming election will
be discussed at the meeting of the
Palo Alto Forum to be held at 7:30
o'clock tonight at the Episcopalian
parish house.
The first hour will be devoted to a
discussion of the school tax shift
and amendments on the ballot. J. O.
Davis, formerly a customs collector
of the Port of San Francisco, will
speak against the measure. Dr. El
mer Stafflebach of San Jose will
speak in favor of it. Dr. Stafflebach
is; a director of research for the
California Teachers' Association.
Each speaker will talk for 20 min
utes, and after each address 10 min
utes will be devoted to questions
from the audience.
The rest of the meeting will be
turned over to D. T. Jenkins, can
didate for superior court judge of
San Jose. He will discuss the re
maining amendments. Members of
the forum will be given opportunity
to meet Jenkins.
Issues of (he coming election will
be discussed at the meeting of the
Palo Alto Forum to be held at 7:30
o'clock tonight at the Episcopalian
parish house.
The first hour will be devoted to a
discussion of the school tax shift
and amendments on the ballot. J. O.
Davis, formerly a customs collector
of the Port of San Francisco, will
speak against the measure. Dr. El
mer Stafflebach of San Jose will
speak in favor of it. Dr. Stafflebach
is; a director of research for the
California Teachers' Association.
Each speaker will talk for 20 min
utes, and after each address 10 min
utes will be devoted to questions
from the audience.
The rest of the meeting will be
turned over to D. T. Jenkins, can
didate for superior court judge of
San Jose. He will discuss the re
maining amendments. Members of
the forum will be given opportunity
to meet Jenkins.
Issues of (he coming election will
be discussed at the meeting of the
Palo Alto Forum to be held at 7:30
o'clock tonight at the Episcopalian
parish house.
The first hour will be devoted to a
discussion of the school tax shift
and amendments on the ballot. J. O.
Davis, formerly a customs collector
of the Port of San Francisco, will
speak against the measure. Dr. El
mer Stafflebach of San Jose will
speak in favor of it. Dr. Stafflebach
is; a director of research for the
California Teachers' Association.
Each speaker will talk for 20 min
utes, and after each address 10 min
utes will be devoted to questions
from the audience.
The rest of the meeting will be
turned over to D. T. Jenkins, can
didate for superior court judge of
San Jose. He will discuss the re
maining amendments. Members of
the forum will be given opportunity
to meet Jenkins.
Issues of (he coming election will
be discussed at the meeting of the
Palo Alto Forum to be held at 7:30
o'clock tonight at the Episcopalian
parish house.
The first hour will be devoted to a
discussion of the school tax shift
and amendments on the ballot. J. O.
Davis, formerly a customs collector
of the Port of San Francisco, will
speak against the measure. Dr. El
mer Stafflebach of San Jose will
speak in favor of it. Dr. Stafflebach
is; a director of research for the
California Teachers' Association.
Each speaker will talk for 20 min
utes, and after each address 10 min
utes will be devoted to questions
from the audience.
The rest of the meeting will be
turned over to D. T. Jenkins, can
didate for superior court judge of
San Jose. He will discuss the re
maining amendments. Members of
the forum will be given opportunity
to meet Jenkins.
Issues of (he coming election will
be discussed at the meeting of the
Palo Alto Forum to be held at 7:30
o'clock tonight at the Episcopalian
parish house.
The first hour will be devoted to a
discussion of the school tax shift
and amendments on the ballot. J. O.
Davis, formerly a customs collector
of the Port of San Francisco, will
speak against the measure. Dr. El
mer Stafflebach of San Jose will
speak in favor of it. Dr. Stafflebach
is; a director of research for the
California Teachers' Association.
Each speaker will talk for 20 min
utes, and after each address 10 min
utes will be devoted to questions
from the audience.
The rest of the meeting will be
turned over to D. T. Jenkins, can
didate for superior court judge of
San Jose. He will discuss the re
maining amendments. Members of
the forum will be given opportunity
to meet Jenkins.
Issues of (he coming election will
be discussed at the meeting of the
Palo Alto Forum to be held at 7:30
o'clock tonight at the Episcopalian
parish house.
The first hour will be devoted to a
discussion of the school tax shift
and amendments on the ballot. J. O.
Davis, formerly a customs collector
of the Port of San Francisco, will
speak against the measure. Dr. El
mer Stafflebach of San Jose will
speak in favor of it. Dr. Stafflebach
is; a director of research for the
California Teachers' Association.
Each speaker will talk for 20 min
utes, and after each address 10 min
utes will be devoted to questions
from the audience.
The rest of the meeting will be
turned over to D. T. Jenkins, can
didate for superior court judge of
San Jose. He will discuss the re
maining amendments. Members of
the forum will be given opportunity
to meet Jenkins.
Issues of (he coming election will
be discussed at the meeting of the
Palo Alto Forum to be held at 7:30
o'clock tonight at the Episcopalian
parish house.
The first hour will be devoted to a
discussion of the school tax shift
and amendments on the ballot. J. O.
Davis, formerly a customs collector
of the Port of San Francisco, will
speak against the measure. Dr. El
mer Stafflebach of San Jose will
speak in favor of it. Dr. Stafflebach
is; a director of research for the
California Teachers' Association.
Each speaker will talk for 20 min
utes, and after each address 10 min
utes will be devoted to questions
from the audience.
The rest of the meeting will be
turned over to D. T. Jenkins, can
didate for superior court judge of
San Jose. He will discuss the re
maining amendments. Members of
the forum will be given opportunity
to meet Jenkins.
Issues of (he coming election will
be discussed at the meeting of the
Palo Alto Forum to be held at 7:30
o'clock tonight at the Episcopalian
parish house.
The first hour will be devoted to a
discussion of the school tax shift
and amendments on the ballot. J. O.
Davis, formerly a customs collector
of the Port of San Francisco, will
speak against the measure. Dr. El
mer Stafflebach of San Jose will
speak in favor of it. Dr. Stafflebach
is; a director of research for the
California Teachers' Association.
Each speaker will talk for 20 min
utes, and after each address 10 min
utes will be devoted to questions
from the audience.
The rest of the meeting will be
turned over to D. T. Jenkins, can
didate for superior court judge of
San Jose. He will discuss the re
maining amendments. Members of
the forum will be given opportunity
to meet Jenkins.
Issues of (he coming election will
be discussed at the meeting of the
Palo Alto Forum to be held at 7:30
o'clock tonight at the Episcopalian
parish house.
The first hour will be devoted to a
discussion of the school tax shift
and amendments on the ballot. J. O.
Davis, formerly a customs collector
of the Port of San Francisco, will
speak against the measure. Dr. El
mer Stafflebach of San Jose will
speak in favor of it. Dr. Stafflebach
is; a director of research for the
California Teachers' Association.
Each speaker will talk for 20 min
utes, and after each address 10 min
utes will be devoted to questions
from the audience.
The rest of the meeting will be
turned over to D. T. Jenkins, can
didate for superior court judge of
San Jose. He will discuss the re
maining amendments. Members of
the forum will be given opportunity
to meet Jenkins.
Issues of (he coming election will
be discussed at the meeting of the
Palo Alto Forum to be held at 7:30
o'clock tonight at the Episcopalian
parish house.
The first hour will be devoted to a
discussion of the school tax shift
and amendments on the ballot. J. O.
Davis, formerly a customs collector
of the Port of San Francisco, will
speak against the measure. Dr. El
mer Stafflebach of San Jose will
speak in favor of it. Dr. Stafflebach
is; a director of research for the
California Teachers' Association.
Each speaker will talk for 20 min
utes, and after each address 10 min
utes will be devoted to questions
from the audience.
The rest of the meeting will be
turned over to D. T. Jenkins, can
didate for superior court judge of
San Jose. He will discuss the re
maining amendments. Members of
the forum will be given opportunity
to meet Jenkins.
Issues of (he coming election will
be discussed at the meeting of the
Palo Alto Forum to be held at 7:30
o'clock tonight at the Episcopalian
parish house.
The first hour will be devoted to a
discussion of the school tax shift
and amendments on the ballot. J. O.
Davis, formerly a customs collector
of the Port of San Francisco, will
speak against the measure. Dr. El
mer Stafflebach of San Jose will
speak in favor of it. Dr. Stafflebach
is; a director of research for the
California Teachers' Association.
Each speaker will talk for 20 min
utes, and after each address 10 min
utes will be devoted to questions
from the audience.
The rest of the meeting will be
turned over to D. T. Jenkins, can
didate for superior court judge of
San Jose. He will discuss the re
maining amendments. Members of
the forum will be given opportunity
to meet Jenkins.
Issues of (he coming election will
be discussed at the meeting of the
Palo Alto Forum to be held at 7:30
o'clock tonight at the Episcopalian
parish house.
The first hour will be devoted to a
discussion of the school tax shift
and amendments on the ballot. J. O.
Davis, formerly a customs collector
of the Port of San Francisco, will
speak against the measure. Dr. El
mer Stafflebach of San Jose will
speak in favor of it. Dr. Stafflebach
is; a director of research for the
California Teachers' Association.
Each speaker will talk for 20 min
utes, and after each address 10 min
utes will be devoted to questions
from the audience.
The rest of the meeting will be
turned over to D. T. Jenkins, can
didate for superior court judge of
San Jose. He will discuss the re
maining amendments. Members of
the forum will be given opportunity
to meet Jenkins.
Issues of (he coming election will
be discussed at the meeting of the
Palo Alto Forum to be held at 7:30
o'clock tonight at the Episcopalian
parish house.
The first hour will be devoted to a
discussion of the school tax shift
and amendments on the ballot. J. O.
Davis, formerly a customs collector
of the Port of San Francisco, will
speak against the measure. Dr. El
mer Stafflebach of San Jose will
speak in favor of it. Dr. Stafflebach
is; a director of research for the
California Teachers' Association.
Each speaker will talk for 20 min
utes, and after each address 10 min
utes will be devoted to questions
from the audience.
The rest of the meeting will be
turned over to D. T. Jenkins, can
didate for superior court judge of
San Jose. He will discuss the re
maining amendments. Members of
the forum will be given opportunity
to meet Jenkins.
Issues of (he coming election will
be discussed at the meeting of the
Palo Alto Forum to be held at 7:30
o'clock tonight at the Episcopalian
parish house.
The first hour will be devoted to a
discussion of the school tax shift
and amendments on the ballot. J. O.
Davis, formerly a customs collector
of the Port of San Francisco, will
speak against the measure. Dr. El
mer Stafflebach of San Jose will
speak in favor of it. Dr. Stafflebach
is; a director of research for the
California Teachers' Association.
Each speaker will talk for 20 min
utes, and after each address 10 min
utes will be devoted to questions
from the audience.
The rest of the meeting will be
turned over to D. T. Jenkins, can
didate for superior court judge of
San Jose. He will discuss the re
maining amendments. Members of
the forum will be given opportunity
to meet Jenkins.
Issues of (he coming election will
be discussed at the meeting of the
Palo Alto Forum to be held at 7:30
o'clock tonight at the Episcopalian
parish house.
The first hour will be devoted to a
discussion of the school tax shift
and amendments on the ballot. J. O.
Davis, formerly a customs collector
of the Port of San Francisco, will
speak against the measure. Dr. El
mer Stafflebach of San Jose will
speak in favor of it. Dr. Stafflebach
is; a director of research for the
California Teachers' Association.
Each speaker will talk for 20 min
utes, and after each address 10 min
utes will be devoted to questions
from the audience.
The rest of the meeting will be
turned over to D. T. Jenkins, can
didate for superior court judge of
San Jose. He will discuss the re
maining amendments. Members of
the forum will be given opportunity
to meet Jenkins.
