# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Cort Knight, '14, former varsity
broad jumper, registered in the Uni
versity yesterday.
Cort Knight, '14, former varsity
broad jumper, registered in the Uni
versity yesterday.
Cort Knight, '14, former varsity
broad jumper, registered in the Uni
versity yesterday.
Cort Knight, '14, former varsity
broad jumper, registered in the Uni
versity yesterday.
Cort Knight, '14, former varsity
broad jumper, registered in the Uni
versity yesterday.
Cort Knight, '14, former varsity
broad jumper, registered in the Uni
versity yesterday.
Cort Knight, '14, former varsity
broad jumper, registered in the Uni
versity yesterday.
Cort Knight, '14, former varsity
broad jumper, registered in the Uni
versity yesterday.
Cort Knight, '14, former varsity
broad jumper, registered in the Uni
versity yesterday.
Cort Knight, '14, former varsity
broad jumper, registered in the Uni
versity yesterday.
Cort Knight, '14, former varsity
broad jumper, registered in the Uni
versity yesterday.
Cort Knight, '14, former varsity
broad jumper, registered in the Uni
versity yesterday.
Cort Knight, '14, former varsity
broad jumper, registered in the Uni
versity yesterday.
