# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Labor Day proved to be the third
largest day in attendance that the
Exposition has had. 142,H00 passing
the gates.
Labor Day proved to be the third
largest day in attendance that the
Exposition has had. 142,H00 passing
the gates.
Labor Day proved to be the third
largest day in attendance that the
Exposition has had. 142,H00 passing
the gates.
Labor Day proved to be the third
largest day in attendance that the
Exposition has had. 142,H00 passing
the gates.
Labor Day proved to be the third
largest day in attendance that the
Exposition has had. 142,H00 passing
the gates.
Labor Day proved to be the third
largest day in attendance that the
Exposition has had. 142,H00 passing
the gates.
Labor Day proved to be the third
largest day in attendance that the
Exposition has had. 142,H00 passing
the gates.
Labor Day proved to be the third
largest day in attendance that the
Exposition has had. 142,H00 passing
the gates.
Labor Day proved to be the third
largest day in attendance that the
Exposition has had. 142,H00 passing
the gates.
Labor Day proved to be the third
largest day in attendance that the
Exposition has had. 142,H00 passing
the gates.
Labor Day proved to be the third
largest day in attendance that the
Exposition has had. 142,H00 passing
the gates.
Labor Day proved to be the third
largest day in attendance that the
Exposition has had. 142,H00 passing
the gates.
Labor Day proved to be the third
largest day in attendance that the
Exposition has had. 142,H00 passing
the gates.
