# Stanford Band Presents Concert at Base Hospital
## 
### 
Sixty-five members of the Stanford
band gave a concert yesterday after
noon at the United States Veterans
Hospital No. 24, in commemoration of
the anniversary of the birth of Flor
< nee Nightingale.
Hospitals throughout the country
observe the day by holding open
house. The program was given under
the auspices of the local branch of
the American Red Cross. Saturday
night the band is giving a concert
over KGO.
Sixty-five members of the Stanford
band gave a concert yesterday after
noon at the United States Veterans
Hospital No. 24, in commemoration of
the anniversary of the birth of Flor
< nee Nightingale.
Hospitals throughout the country
observe the day by holding open
house. The program was given under
the auspices of the local branch of
the American Red Cross. Saturday
night the band is giving a concert
over KGO.
Sixty-five members of the Stanford
band gave a concert yesterday after
noon at the United States Veterans
Hospital No. 24, in commemoration of
the anniversary of the birth of Flor
< nee Nightingale.
Hospitals throughout the country
observe the day by holding open
house. The program was given under
the auspices of the local branch of
the American Red Cross. Saturday
night the band is giving a concert
over KGO.
Sixty-five members of the Stanford
band gave a concert yesterday after
noon at the United States Veterans
Hospital No. 24, in commemoration of
the anniversary of the birth of Flor
< nee Nightingale.
Hospitals throughout the country
observe the day by holding open
house. The program was given under
the auspices of the local branch of
the American Red Cross. Saturday
night the band is giving a concert
over KGO.
Sixty-five members of the Stanford
band gave a concert yesterday after
noon at the United States Veterans
Hospital No. 24, in commemoration of
the anniversary of the birth of Flor
< nee Nightingale.
Hospitals throughout the country
observe the day by holding open
house. The program was given under
the auspices of the local branch of
the American Red Cross. Saturday
night the band is giving a concert
over KGO.
Sixty-five members of the Stanford
band gave a concert yesterday after
noon at the United States Veterans
Hospital No. 24, in commemoration of
the anniversary of the birth of Flor
< nee Nightingale.
Hospitals throughout the country
observe the day by holding open
house. The program was given under
the auspices of the local branch of
the American Red Cross. Saturday
night the band is giving a concert
over KGO.
Sixty-five members of the Stanford
band gave a concert yesterday after
noon at the United States Veterans
Hospital No. 24, in commemoration of
the anniversary of the birth of Flor
< nee Nightingale.
Hospitals throughout the country
observe the day by holding open
house. The program was given under
the auspices of the local branch of
the American Red Cross. Saturday
night the band is giving a concert
over KGO.
Sixty-five members of the Stanford
band gave a concert yesterday after
noon at the United States Veterans
Hospital No. 24, in commemoration of
the anniversary of the birth of Flor
< nee Nightingale.
Hospitals throughout the country
observe the day by holding open
house. The program was given under
the auspices of the local branch of
the American Red Cross. Saturday
night the band is giving a concert
over KGO.
Sixty-five members of the Stanford
band gave a concert yesterday after
noon at the United States Veterans
Hospital No. 24, in commemoration of
the anniversary of the birth of Flor
< nee Nightingale.
Hospitals throughout the country
observe the day by holding open
house. The program was given under
the auspices of the local branch of
the American Red Cross. Saturday
night the band is giving a concert
over KGO.
Sixty-five members of the Stanford
band gave a concert yesterday after
noon at the United States Veterans
Hospital No. 24, in commemoration of
the anniversary of the birth of Flor
< nee Nightingale.
Hospitals throughout the country
observe the day by holding open
house. The program was given under
the auspices of the local branch of
the American Red Cross. Saturday
night the band is giving a concert
over KGO.
Sixty-five members of the Stanford
band gave a concert yesterday after
noon at the United States Veterans
Hospital No. 24, in commemoration of
the anniversary of the birth of Flor
< nee Nightingale.
Hospitals throughout the country
observe the day by holding open
house. The program was given under
the auspices of the local branch of
the American Red Cross. Saturday
night the band is giving a concert
over KGO.
Sixty-five members of the Stanford
band gave a concert yesterday after
noon at the United States Veterans
Hospital No. 24, in commemoration of
the anniversary of the birth of Flor
< nee Nightingale.
Hospitals throughout the country
observe the day by holding open
house. The program was given under
the auspices of the local branch of
the American Red Cross. Saturday
night the band is giving a concert
over KGO.
Sixty-five members of the Stanford
band gave a concert yesterday after
noon at the United States Veterans
Hospital No. 24, in commemoration of
the anniversary of the birth of Flor
< nee Nightingale.
Hospitals throughout the country
observe the day by holding open
house. The program was given under
the auspices of the local branch of
the American Red Cross. Saturday
night the band is giving a concert
over KGO.
Sixty-five members of the Stanford
band gave a concert yesterday after
noon at the United States Veterans
Hospital No. 24, in commemoration of
the anniversary of the birth of Flor
< nee Nightingale.
Hospitals throughout the country
observe the day by holding open
house. The program was given under
the auspices of the local branch of
the American Red Cross. Saturday
night the band is giving a concert
over KGO.
