# Letter to the editor
## 
### 
No coverage
I would like to call to your atten
tion the fact that there was no Daily
coverage of the "Trial of Dedan
Kemathi," performed by the Ujamaa
Players over the second weekend of
March. The play was a masterful les
son on the politics between col
onizer and colonized, exploiter and
exploited, reactionary and re
volutionary.
There were magnificent dance
sequences, choreographed by two
undergraduate students in Interna
tional Relations, Kim Euell and Rod

ney Johnson. Euell also teaches an
African Dance course on campus.
I know it's too late for a Daily re
view now, but the bursting, creative
talent of the performers-dancers
from the Stanford Black community
deserved more attention than it got.
I actually felt sorry for those who
missed the performance. I have since
discovered that it was videotaped,
and may be available for viewing. If
you would, please inform your read
ers.
William Conwill
Counseling Psychology
School of Education
No coverage
I would like to call to your atten
tion the fact that there was no Daily
coverage of the "Trial of Dedan
Kemathi," performed by the Ujamaa
Players over the second weekend of
March. The play was a masterful les
son on the politics between col
onizer and colonized, exploiter and
exploited, reactionary and re
volutionary.
There were magnificent dance
sequences, choreographed by two
undergraduate students in Interna
tional Relations, Kim Euell and Rod

ney Johnson. Euell also teaches an
African Dance course on campus.
I know it's too late for a Daily re
view now, but the bursting, creative
talent of the performers-dancers
from the Stanford Black community
deserved more attention than it got.
I actually felt sorry for those who
missed the performance. I have since
discovered that it was videotaped,
and may be available for viewing. If
you would, please inform your read
ers.
William Conwill
Counseling Psychology
School of Education
No coverage
I would like to call to your atten
tion the fact that there was no Daily
coverage of the "Trial of Dedan
Kemathi," performed by the Ujamaa
Players over the second weekend of
March. The play was a masterful les
son on the politics between col
onizer and colonized, exploiter and
exploited, reactionary and re
volutionary.
There were magnificent dance
sequences, choreographed by two
undergraduate students in Interna
tional Relations, Kim Euell and Rod

ney Johnson. Euell also teaches an
African Dance course on campus.
I know it's too late for a Daily re
view now, but the bursting, creative
talent of the performers-dancers
from the Stanford Black community
deserved more attention than it got.
I actually felt sorry for those who
missed the performance. I have since
discovered that it was videotaped,
and may be available for viewing. If
you would, please inform your read
ers.
William Conwill
Counseling Psychology
School of Education
No coverage
I would like to call to your atten
tion the fact that there was no Daily
coverage of the "Trial of Dedan
Kemathi," performed by the Ujamaa
Players over the second weekend of
March. The play was a masterful les
son on the politics between col
onizer and colonized, exploiter and
exploited, reactionary and re
volutionary.
There were magnificent dance
sequences, choreographed by two
undergraduate students in Interna
tional Relations, Kim Euell and Rod

ney Johnson. Euell also teaches an
African Dance course on campus.
I know it's too late for a Daily re
view now, but the bursting, creative
talent of the performers-dancers
from the Stanford Black community
deserved more attention than it got.
I actually felt sorry for those who
missed the performance. I have since
discovered that it was videotaped,
and may be available for viewing. If
you would, please inform your read
ers.
William Conwill
Counseling Psychology
School of Education
No coverage
I would like to call to your atten
tion the fact that there was no Daily
coverage of the "Trial of Dedan
Kemathi," performed by the Ujamaa
Players over the second weekend of
March. The play was a masterful les
son on the politics between col
onizer and colonized, exploiter and
exploited, reactionary and re
volutionary.
There were magnificent dance
sequences, choreographed by two
undergraduate students in Interna
tional Relations, Kim Euell and Rod

ney Johnson. Euell also teaches an
African Dance course on campus.
I know it's too late for a Daily re
view now, but the bursting, creative
talent of the performers-dancers
from the Stanford Black community
deserved more attention than it got.
I actually felt sorry for those who
missed the performance. I have since
discovered that it was videotaped,
and may be available for viewing. If
you would, please inform your read
ers.
William Conwill
Counseling Psychology
School of Education
No coverage
I would like to call to your atten
tion the fact that there was no Daily
coverage of the "Trial of Dedan
Kemathi," performed by the Ujamaa
Players over the second weekend of
March. The play was a masterful les
son on the politics between col
onizer and colonized, exploiter and
exploited, reactionary and re
volutionary.
There were magnificent dance
sequences, choreographed by two
undergraduate students in Interna
tional Relations, Kim Euell and Rod

ney Johnson. Euell also teaches an
African Dance course on campus.
I know it's too late for a Daily re
view now, but the bursting, creative
talent of the performers-dancers
from the Stanford Black community
deserved more attention than it got.
I actually felt sorry for those who
missed the performance. I have since
discovered that it was videotaped,
and may be available for viewing. If
you would, please inform your read
ers.
William Conwill
Counseling Psychology
School of Education
No coverage
I would like to call to your atten
tion the fact that there was no Daily
coverage of the "Trial of Dedan
Kemathi," performed by the Ujamaa
Players over the second weekend of
March. The play was a masterful les
son on the politics between col
onizer and colonized, exploiter and
exploited, reactionary and re
volutionary.
There were magnificent dance
sequences, choreographed by two
undergraduate students in Interna
tional Relations, Kim Euell and Rod

ney Johnson. Euell also teaches an
African Dance course on campus.
I know it's too late for a Daily re
view now, but the bursting, creative
talent of the performers-dancers
from the Stanford Black community
deserved more attention than it got.
I actually felt sorry for those who
missed the performance. I have since
discovered that it was videotaped,
and may be available for viewing. If
you would, please inform your read
ers.
William Conwill
Counseling Psychology
School of Education
No coverage
I would like to call to your atten
tion the fact that there was no Daily
coverage of the "Trial of Dedan
Kemathi," performed by the Ujamaa
Players over the second weekend of
March. The play was a masterful les
son on the politics between col
onizer and colonized, exploiter and
exploited, reactionary and re
volutionary.
There were magnificent dance
sequences, choreographed by two
undergraduate students in Interna
tional Relations, Kim Euell and Rod

ney Johnson. Euell also teaches an
African Dance course on campus.
I know it's too late for a Daily re
view now, but the bursting, creative
talent of the performers-dancers
from the Stanford Black community
deserved more attention than it got.
I actually felt sorry for those who
missed the performance. I have since
discovered that it was videotaped,
and may be available for viewing. If
you would, please inform your read
ers.
William Conwill
Counseling Psychology
School of Education
No coverage
I would like to call to your atten
tion the fact that there was no Daily
coverage of the "Trial of Dedan
Kemathi," performed by the Ujamaa
Players over the second weekend of
March. The play was a masterful les
son on the politics between col
onizer and colonized, exploiter and
exploited, reactionary and re
volutionary.
There were magnificent dance
sequences, choreographed by two
undergraduate students in Interna
tional Relations, Kim Euell and Rod

ney Johnson. Euell also teaches an
African Dance course on campus.
I know it's too late for a Daily re
view now, but the bursting, creative
talent of the performers-dancers
from the Stanford Black community
deserved more attention than it got.
I actually felt sorry for those who
missed the performance. I have since
discovered that it was videotaped,
and may be available for viewing. If
you would, please inform your read
ers.
William Conwill
Counseling Psychology
School of Education
No coverage
I would like to call to your atten
tion the fact that there was no Daily
coverage of the "Trial of Dedan
Kemathi," performed by the Ujamaa
Players over the second weekend of
March. The play was a masterful les
son on the politics between col
onizer and colonized, exploiter and
exploited, reactionary and re
volutionary.
There were magnificent dance
sequences, choreographed by two
undergraduate students in Interna
tional Relations, Kim Euell and Rod

ney Johnson. Euell also teaches an
African Dance course on campus.
I know it's too late for a Daily re
view now, but the bursting, creative
talent of the performers-dancers
from the Stanford Black community
deserved more attention than it got.
I actually felt sorry for those who
missed the performance. I have since
discovered that it was videotaped,
and may be available for viewing. If
you would, please inform your read
ers.
William Conwill
Counseling Psychology
School of Education
No coverage
I would like to call to your atten
tion the fact that there was no Daily
coverage of the "Trial of Dedan
Kemathi," performed by the Ujamaa
Players over the second weekend of
March. The play was a masterful les
son on the politics between col
onizer and colonized, exploiter and
exploited, reactionary and re
volutionary.
There were magnificent dance
sequences, choreographed by two
undergraduate students in Interna
tional Relations, Kim Euell and Rod

ney Johnson. Euell also teaches an
African Dance course on campus.
I know it's too late for a Daily re
view now, but the bursting, creative
talent of the performers-dancers
from the Stanford Black community
deserved more attention than it got.
I actually felt sorry for those who
missed the performance. I have since
discovered that it was videotaped,
and may be available for viewing. If
you would, please inform your read
ers.
William Conwill
Counseling Psychology
School of Education
