# CONFERENCE PARTY TONIGHT AT THE WOMEN'S CLUB HOUSE
## 
### 
The quarterly conference party will
b<> given tonight at the Women's Club
House at 7:30 o'clock. Miss Bradford
will bo present to deliver a few words
of welcome and advice to the incoming
students. Dancing will be the feature
of the evening and some novel stunts
will also be offered by way of enter
tainment. The purpose of the party is
primarily one of welcome to new stu
dents and a means whereby they may
come to meet and know the older
girls. Every girl is urged to attend.
The quarterly conference party will
b<> given tonight at the Women's Club
House at 7:30 o'clock. Miss Bradford
will bo present to deliver a few words
of welcome and advice to the incoming
students. Dancing will be the feature
of the evening and some novel stunts
will also be offered by way of enter
tainment. The purpose of the party is
primarily one of welcome to new stu
dents and a means whereby they may
come to meet and know the older
girls. Every girl is urged to attend.
The quarterly conference party will
b<> given tonight at the Women's Club
House at 7:30 o'clock. Miss Bradford
will bo present to deliver a few words
of welcome and advice to the incoming
students. Dancing will be the feature
of the evening and some novel stunts
will also be offered by way of enter
tainment. The purpose of the party is
primarily one of welcome to new stu
dents and a means whereby they may
come to meet and know the older
girls. Every girl is urged to attend.
The quarterly conference party will
b<> given tonight at the Women's Club
House at 7:30 o'clock. Miss Bradford
will bo present to deliver a few words
of welcome and advice to the incoming
students. Dancing will be the feature
of the evening and some novel stunts
will also be offered by way of enter
tainment. The purpose of the party is
primarily one of welcome to new stu
dents and a means whereby they may
come to meet and know the older
girls. Every girl is urged to attend.
The quarterly conference party will
b<> given tonight at the Women's Club
House at 7:30 o'clock. Miss Bradford
will bo present to deliver a few words
of welcome and advice to the incoming
students. Dancing will be the feature
of the evening and some novel stunts
will also be offered by way of enter
tainment. The purpose of the party is
primarily one of welcome to new stu
dents and a means whereby they may
come to meet and know the older
girls. Every girl is urged to attend.
The quarterly conference party will
b<> given tonight at the Women's Club
House at 7:30 o'clock. Miss Bradford
will bo present to deliver a few words
of welcome and advice to the incoming
students. Dancing will be the feature
of the evening and some novel stunts
will also be offered by way of enter
tainment. The purpose of the party is
primarily one of welcome to new stu
dents and a means whereby they may
come to meet and know the older
girls. Every girl is urged to attend.
The quarterly conference party will
b<> given tonight at the Women's Club
House at 7:30 o'clock. Miss Bradford
will bo present to deliver a few words
of welcome and advice to the incoming
students. Dancing will be the feature
of the evening and some novel stunts
will also be offered by way of enter
tainment. The purpose of the party is
primarily one of welcome to new stu
dents and a means whereby they may
come to meet and know the older
girls. Every girl is urged to attend.
The quarterly conference party will
b<> given tonight at the Women's Club
House at 7:30 o'clock. Miss Bradford
will bo present to deliver a few words
of welcome and advice to the incoming
students. Dancing will be the feature
of the evening and some novel stunts
will also be offered by way of enter
tainment. The purpose of the party is
primarily one of welcome to new stu
dents and a means whereby they may
come to meet and know the older
girls. Every girl is urged to attend.
The quarterly conference party will
b<> given tonight at the Women's Club
House at 7:30 o'clock. Miss Bradford
will bo present to deliver a few words
of welcome and advice to the incoming
students. Dancing will be the feature
of the evening and some novel stunts
will also be offered by way of enter
tainment. The purpose of the party is
primarily one of welcome to new stu
dents and a means whereby they may
come to meet and know the older
girls. Every girl is urged to attend.
The quarterly conference party will
b<> given tonight at the Women's Club
House at 7:30 o'clock. Miss Bradford
will bo present to deliver a few words
of welcome and advice to the incoming
students. Dancing will be the feature
of the evening and some novel stunts
will also be offered by way of enter
tainment. The purpose of the party is
primarily one of welcome to new stu
dents and a means whereby they may
come to meet and know the older
girls. Every girl is urged to attend.
The quarterly conference party will
b<> given tonight at the Women's Club
House at 7:30 o'clock. Miss Bradford
will bo present to deliver a few words
of welcome and advice to the incoming
students. Dancing will be the feature
of the evening and some novel stunts
will also be offered by way of enter
tainment. The purpose of the party is
primarily one of welcome to new stu
dents and a means whereby they may
come to meet and know the older
girls. Every girl is urged to attend.
The quarterly conference party will
b<> given tonight at the Women's Club
House at 7:30 o'clock. Miss Bradford
will bo present to deliver a few words
of welcome and advice to the incoming
students. Dancing will be the feature
of the evening and some novel stunts
will also be offered by way of enter
tainment. The purpose of the party is
primarily one of welcome to new stu
dents and a means whereby they may
come to meet and know the older
girls. Every girl is urged to attend.
The quarterly conference party will
b<> given tonight at the Women's Club
House at 7:30 o'clock. Miss Bradford
will bo present to deliver a few words
of welcome and advice to the incoming
students. Dancing will be the feature
of the evening and some novel stunts
will also be offered by way of enter
tainment. The purpose of the party is
primarily one of welcome to new stu
dents and a means whereby they may
come to meet and know the older
girls. Every girl is urged to attend.
