# Prominent Speakers for Y.W.C.A.
## 
### 
The local organization of the Young
Women's Christian Association will
be addressed by a prominent worker
tomorrow afternoon at 4:40 o'clock,
in the chapel. Mrs. C. M. Easterday,
a member of the State Committee of
the Y. W. C. A. will speak on the
subject "How Can I be a True
Friend."
The local organization of the Young
Women's Christian Association will
be addressed by a prominent worker
tomorrow afternoon at 4:40 o'clock,
in the chapel. Mrs. C. M. Easterday,
a member of the State Committee of
the Y. W. C. A. will speak on the
subject "How Can I be a True
Friend."
The local organization of the Young
Women's Christian Association will
be addressed by a prominent worker
tomorrow afternoon at 4:40 o'clock,
in the chapel. Mrs. C. M. Easterday,
a member of the State Committee of
the Y. W. C. A. will speak on the
subject "How Can I be a True
Friend."
The local organization of the Young
Women's Christian Association will
be addressed by a prominent worker
tomorrow afternoon at 4:40 o'clock,
in the chapel. Mrs. C. M. Easterday,
a member of the State Committee of
the Y. W. C. A. will speak on the
subject "How Can I be a True
Friend."
The local organization of the Young
Women's Christian Association will
be addressed by a prominent worker
tomorrow afternoon at 4:40 o'clock,
in the chapel. Mrs. C. M. Easterday,
a member of the State Committee of
the Y. W. C. A. will speak on the
subject "How Can I be a True
Friend."
The local organization of the Young
Women's Christian Association will
be addressed by a prominent worker
tomorrow afternoon at 4:40 o'clock,
in the chapel. Mrs. C. M. Easterday,
a member of the State Committee of
the Y. W. C. A. will speak on the
subject "How Can I be a True
Friend."
The local organization of the Young
Women's Christian Association will
be addressed by a prominent worker
tomorrow afternoon at 4:40 o'clock,
in the chapel. Mrs. C. M. Easterday,
a member of the State Committee of
the Y. W. C. A. will speak on the
subject "How Can I be a True
Friend."
The local organization of the Young
Women's Christian Association will
be addressed by a prominent worker
tomorrow afternoon at 4:40 o'clock,
in the chapel. Mrs. C. M. Easterday,
a member of the State Committee of
the Y. W. C. A. will speak on the
subject "How Can I be a True
Friend."
The local organization of the Young
Women's Christian Association will
be addressed by a prominent worker
tomorrow afternoon at 4:40 o'clock,
in the chapel. Mrs. C. M. Easterday,
a member of the State Committee of
the Y. W. C. A. will speak on the
subject "How Can I be a True
Friend."
