# To Address Y.M.C.A.
## 
### 
Rev. C. A. Richardson, of Palo Alto,
will address the meeting of tlie
Young Men's Christian Association
tomorrow afternoon at 4:30 o'clock,
in room 23, Quad.
Rev. C. A. Richardson, of Palo Alto,
will address the meeting of tlie
Young Men's Christian Association
tomorrow afternoon at 4:30 o'clock,
in room 23, Quad.
Rev. C. A. Richardson, of Palo Alto,
will address the meeting of tlie
Young Men's Christian Association
tomorrow afternoon at 4:30 o'clock,
in room 23, Quad.
Rev. C. A. Richardson, of Palo Alto,
will address the meeting of tlie
Young Men's Christian Association
tomorrow afternoon at 4:30 o'clock,
in room 23, Quad.
Rev. C. A. Richardson, of Palo Alto,
will address the meeting of tlie
Young Men's Christian Association
tomorrow afternoon at 4:30 o'clock,
in room 23, Quad.
Rev. C. A. Richardson, of Palo Alto,
will address the meeting of tlie
Young Men's Christian Association
tomorrow afternoon at 4:30 o'clock,
in room 23, Quad.
Rev. C. A. Richardson, of Palo Alto,
will address the meeting of tlie
Young Men's Christian Association
tomorrow afternoon at 4:30 o'clock,
in room 23, Quad.
Rev. C. A. Richardson, of Palo Alto,
will address the meeting of tlie
Young Men's Christian Association
tomorrow afternoon at 4:30 o'clock,
in room 23, Quad.
Rev. C. A. Richardson, of Palo Alto,
will address the meeting of tlie
Young Men's Christian Association
tomorrow afternoon at 4:30 o'clock,
in room 23, Quad.
