# Official Notices
## TENNIS TOURNEY 
### 
The finals match of the all-Uni
versity mixed doubles tournament
between Joan Symon-Bob Sewil and
Barbara Beckel-Fred Lewis will be i
played tomorrow at 2 p.m. on the
varsity courts.
The finals match of the all-Uni
versity mixed doubles tournament
between Joan Symon-Bob Sewil and
Barbara Beckel-Fred Lewis will be i
played tomorrow at 2 p.m. on the
varsity courts.
The finals match of the all-Uni
versity mixed doubles tournament
between Joan Symon-Bob Sewil and
Barbara Beckel-Fred Lewis will be i
played tomorrow at 2 p.m. on the
varsity courts.
The finals match of the all-Uni
versity mixed doubles tournament
between Joan Symon-Bob Sewil and
Barbara Beckel-Fred Lewis will be i
played tomorrow at 2 p.m. on the
varsity courts.
The finals match of the all-Uni
versity mixed doubles tournament
between Joan Symon-Bob Sewil and
Barbara Beckel-Fred Lewis will be i
played tomorrow at 2 p.m. on the
varsity courts.
The finals match of the all-Uni
versity mixed doubles tournament
between Joan Symon-Bob Sewil and
Barbara Beckel-Fred Lewis will be i
played tomorrow at 2 p.m. on the
varsity courts.
The finals match of the all-Uni
versity mixed doubles tournament
between Joan Symon-Bob Sewil and
Barbara Beckel-Fred Lewis will be i
played tomorrow at 2 p.m. on the
varsity courts.
The finals match of the all-Uni
versity mixed doubles tournament
between Joan Symon-Bob Sewil and
Barbara Beckel-Fred Lewis will be i
played tomorrow at 2 p.m. on the
varsity courts.
The finals match of the all-Uni
versity mixed doubles tournament
between Joan Symon-Bob Sewil and
Barbara Beckel-Fred Lewis will be i
played tomorrow at 2 p.m. on the
varsity courts.
The finals match of the all-Uni
versity mixed doubles tournament
between Joan Symon-Bob Sewil and
Barbara Beckel-Fred Lewis will be i
played tomorrow at 2 p.m. on the
varsity courts.
The finals match of the all-Uni
versity mixed doubles tournament
between Joan Symon-Bob Sewil and
Barbara Beckel-Fred Lewis will be i
played tomorrow at 2 p.m. on the
varsity courts.
The finals match of the all-Uni
versity mixed doubles tournament
between Joan Symon-Bob Sewil and
Barbara Beckel-Fred Lewis will be i
played tomorrow at 2 p.m. on the
varsity courts.
The finals match of the all-Uni
versity mixed doubles tournament
between Joan Symon-Bob Sewil and
Barbara Beckel-Fred Lewis will be i
played tomorrow at 2 p.m. on the
varsity courts.
The finals match of the all-Uni
versity mixed doubles tournament
between Joan Symon-Bob Sewil and
Barbara Beckel-Fred Lewis will be i
played tomorrow at 2 p.m. on the
varsity courts.
The finals match of the all-Uni
versity mixed doubles tournament
between Joan Symon-Bob Sewil and
Barbara Beckel-Fred Lewis will be i
played tomorrow at 2 p.m. on the
varsity courts.
