# ACTIVITIES BOARD
## 
### 
Activities Board will meet today
at 4:15 in the ASSU president's of
fice.
Activities Board will meet today
at 4:15 in the ASSU president's of
fice.
Activities Board will meet today
at 4:15 in the ASSU president's of
fice.
Activities Board will meet today
at 4:15 in the ASSU president's of
fice.
Activities Board will meet today
at 4:15 in the ASSU president's of
fice.
Activities Board will meet today
at 4:15 in the ASSU president's of
fice.
Activities Board will meet today
at 4:15 in the ASSU president's of
fice.
Activities Board will meet today
at 4:15 in the ASSU president's of
fice.
Activities Board will meet today
at 4:15 in the ASSU president's of
fice.
Activities Board will meet today
at 4:15 in the ASSU president's of
fice.
Activities Board will meet today
at 4:15 in the ASSU president's of
fice.
Activities Board will meet today
at 4:15 in the ASSU president's of
fice.
Activities Board will meet today
at 4:15 in the ASSU president's of
fice.
Activities Board will meet today
at 4:15 in the ASSU president's of
fice.
Activities Board will meet today
at 4:15 in the ASSU president's of
fice.
