# Will Organize Graduates.
## 
### 
All graduate students in the English
department, as well as all major pro
fessors in other departments who aro
interested, will meet 011 Thursday
afternoon at 4:30 in room 202 to dis
cuss plans for organizing the gradu
ate students. Prof. Flugel is getting
the thing up, and the English graduate
students will organize anyway. Wheth
er or not other departments will join
will not be known until Thursday.
Definite plans will be made at that
meeting.
All graduate students in the English
department, as well as all major pro
fessors in other departments who aro
interested, will meet 011 Thursday
afternoon at 4:30 in room 202 to dis
cuss plans for organizing the gradu
ate students. Prof. Flugel is getting
the thing up, and the English graduate
students will organize anyway. Wheth
er or not other departments will join
will not be known until Thursday.
Definite plans will be made at that
meeting.
All graduate students in the English
department, as well as all major pro
fessors in other departments who aro
interested, will meet 011 Thursday
afternoon at 4:30 in room 202 to dis
cuss plans for organizing the gradu
ate students. Prof. Flugel is getting
the thing up, and the English graduate
students will organize anyway. Wheth
er or not other departments will join
will not be known until Thursday.
Definite plans will be made at that
meeting.
All graduate students in the English
department, as well as all major pro
fessors in other departments who aro
interested, will meet 011 Thursday
afternoon at 4:30 in room 202 to dis
cuss plans for organizing the gradu
ate students. Prof. Flugel is getting
the thing up, and the English graduate
students will organize anyway. Wheth
er or not other departments will join
will not be known until Thursday.
Definite plans will be made at that
meeting.
All graduate students in the English
department, as well as all major pro
fessors in other departments who aro
interested, will meet 011 Thursday
afternoon at 4:30 in room 202 to dis
cuss plans for organizing the gradu
ate students. Prof. Flugel is getting
the thing up, and the English graduate
students will organize anyway. Wheth
er or not other departments will join
will not be known until Thursday.
Definite plans will be made at that
meeting.
All graduate students in the English
department, as well as all major pro
fessors in other departments who aro
interested, will meet 011 Thursday
afternoon at 4:30 in room 202 to dis
cuss plans for organizing the gradu
ate students. Prof. Flugel is getting
the thing up, and the English graduate
students will organize anyway. Wheth
er or not other departments will join
will not be known until Thursday.
Definite plans will be made at that
meeting.
All graduate students in the English
department, as well as all major pro
fessors in other departments who aro
interested, will meet 011 Thursday
afternoon at 4:30 in room 202 to dis
cuss plans for organizing the gradu
ate students. Prof. Flugel is getting
the thing up, and the English graduate
students will organize anyway. Wheth
er or not other departments will join
will not be known until Thursday.
Definite plans will be made at that
meeting.
All graduate students in the English
department, as well as all major pro
fessors in other departments who aro
interested, will meet 011 Thursday
afternoon at 4:30 in room 202 to dis
cuss plans for organizing the gradu
ate students. Prof. Flugel is getting
the thing up, and the English graduate
students will organize anyway. Wheth
er or not other departments will join
will not be known until Thursday.
Definite plans will be made at that
meeting.
All graduate students in the English
department, as well as all major pro
fessors in other departments who aro
interested, will meet 011 Thursday
afternoon at 4:30 in room 202 to dis
cuss plans for organizing the gradu
ate students. Prof. Flugel is getting
the thing up, and the English graduate
students will organize anyway. Wheth
er or not other departments will join
will not be known until Thursday.
Definite plans will be made at that
meeting.
All graduate students in the English
department, as well as all major pro
fessors in other departments who aro
interested, will meet 011 Thursday
afternoon at 4:30 in room 202 to dis
cuss plans for organizing the gradu
ate students. Prof. Flugel is getting
the thing up, and the English graduate
students will organize anyway. Wheth
er or not other departments will join
will not be known until Thursday.
Definite plans will be made at that
meeting.
All graduate students in the English
department, as well as all major pro
fessors in other departments who aro
interested, will meet 011 Thursday
afternoon at 4:30 in room 202 to dis
cuss plans for organizing the gradu
ate students. Prof. Flugel is getting
the thing up, and the English graduate
students will organize anyway. Wheth
er or not other departments will join
will not be known until Thursday.
Definite plans will be made at that
meeting.
