# College Aero Clubs To Unite.
## 
### 
A convention will be held at the
University of Pennsylvania during
Easter week for the purpose of form
ing an Intercollegiate Aeronautic As
sociation. The convention will be at
tended by the best aeronauts of the
country. The Wright Brothers, Cha
nute, Maxim and others will be asked
to speak.
The convention will decide upon the
place and particulars of this year's
aviation meet. The final steps, in
affiliating with the Aero Club of Amer
ica will also be taken.
A convention will be held at the
University of Pennsylvania during
Easter week for the purpose of form
ing an Intercollegiate Aeronautic As
sociation. The convention will be at
tended by the best aeronauts of the
country. The Wright Brothers, Cha
nute, Maxim and others will be asked
to speak.
The convention will decide upon the
place and particulars of this year's
aviation meet. The final steps, in
affiliating with the Aero Club of Amer
ica will also be taken.
A convention will be held at the
University of Pennsylvania during
Easter week for the purpose of form
ing an Intercollegiate Aeronautic As
sociation. The convention will be at
tended by the best aeronauts of the
country. The Wright Brothers, Cha
nute, Maxim and others will be asked
to speak.
The convention will decide upon the
place and particulars of this year's
aviation meet. The final steps, in
affiliating with the Aero Club of Amer
ica will also be taken.
A convention will be held at the
University of Pennsylvania during
Easter week for the purpose of form
ing an Intercollegiate Aeronautic As
sociation. The convention will be at
tended by the best aeronauts of the
country. The Wright Brothers, Cha
nute, Maxim and others will be asked
to speak.
The convention will decide upon the
place and particulars of this year's
aviation meet. The final steps, in
affiliating with the Aero Club of Amer
ica will also be taken.
A convention will be held at the
University of Pennsylvania during
Easter week for the purpose of form
ing an Intercollegiate Aeronautic As
sociation. The convention will be at
tended by the best aeronauts of the
country. The Wright Brothers, Cha
nute, Maxim and others will be asked
to speak.
The convention will decide upon the
place and particulars of this year's
aviation meet. The final steps, in
affiliating with the Aero Club of Amer
ica will also be taken.
A convention will be held at the
University of Pennsylvania during
Easter week for the purpose of form
ing an Intercollegiate Aeronautic As
sociation. The convention will be at
tended by the best aeronauts of the
country. The Wright Brothers, Cha
nute, Maxim and others will be asked
to speak.
The convention will decide upon the
place and particulars of this year's
aviation meet. The final steps, in
affiliating with the Aero Club of Amer
ica will also be taken.
A convention will be held at the
University of Pennsylvania during
Easter week for the purpose of form
ing an Intercollegiate Aeronautic As
sociation. The convention will be at
tended by the best aeronauts of the
country. The Wright Brothers, Cha
nute, Maxim and others will be asked
to speak.
The convention will decide upon the
place and particulars of this year's
aviation meet. The final steps, in
affiliating with the Aero Club of Amer
ica will also be taken.
A convention will be held at the
University of Pennsylvania during
Easter week for the purpose of form
ing an Intercollegiate Aeronautic As
sociation. The convention will be at
tended by the best aeronauts of the
country. The Wright Brothers, Cha
nute, Maxim and others will be asked
to speak.
The convention will decide upon the
place and particulars of this year's
aviation meet. The final steps, in
affiliating with the Aero Club of Amer
ica will also be taken.
A convention will be held at the
University of Pennsylvania during
Easter week for the purpose of form
ing an Intercollegiate Aeronautic As
sociation. The convention will be at
tended by the best aeronauts of the
country. The Wright Brothers, Cha
nute, Maxim and others will be asked
to speak.
The convention will decide upon the
place and particulars of this year's
aviation meet. The final steps, in
affiliating with the Aero Club of Amer
ica will also be taken.
A convention will be held at the
University of Pennsylvania during
Easter week for the purpose of form
ing an Intercollegiate Aeronautic As
sociation. The convention will be at
tended by the best aeronauts of the
country. The Wright Brothers, Cha
nute, Maxim and others will be asked
to speak.
The convention will decide upon the
place and particulars of this year's
aviation meet. The final steps, in
affiliating with the Aero Club of Amer
ica will also be taken.
A convention will be held at the
University of Pennsylvania during
Easter week for the purpose of form
ing an Intercollegiate Aeronautic As
sociation. The convention will be at
tended by the best aeronauts of the
country. The Wright Brothers, Cha
nute, Maxim and others will be asked
to speak.
The convention will decide upon the
place and particulars of this year's
aviation meet. The final steps, in
affiliating with the Aero Club of Amer
ica will also be taken.
