# BASEBALL SCHEDULE CHANGED.
## Fourteen More Games Arranged For With Several Provisional Dates Still Open. 
### 
On account of the many changes that
have been necessary in the baseball
schedule, as it was previously pub
lished. a new card has been made out.
Besides the games that are listed be
low several dates have been left open,
and it is possible that four or five
other games will be played. The list
of games follows; and unless other
wise stated the contest will be decided
on the campus:
Thursday, Feb. 24. —Ireland's Inde
pendents.
Saturday, Feb. 26. —Pacific Gas and
Electric Team.
Wednesday, March 2. —St. Ignatius.
Saturday, March 5. —Santa Clara at
Santa Clara.
Tuesday, March S. —Ireland's Inde
pendents.
Wednesday, March 10. —Santa Clara
at Santa Clara.
Friday, March IS. —Ireland's Inde
pendents.
Tuesday, March 22. —Santa Clara.
Saturday, March 26. —First Intercol
legiate.
Wednesday, March 30. —Santa Clara.
Saturday, April 2. —Second Inter
collegiate at California.
Wednesday, April o.—St. Mary's at
Stanford.
Saturday, April 9.—Third Intercol
legiate.
On account of the many changes that
have been necessary in the baseball
schedule, as it was previously pub
lished. a new card has been made out.
Besides the games that are listed be
low several dates have been left open,
and it is possible that four or five
other games will be played. The list
of games follows; and unless other
wise stated the contest will be decided
on the campus:
Thursday, Feb. 24. —Ireland's Inde
pendents.
Saturday, Feb. 26. —Pacific Gas and
Electric Team.
Wednesday, March 2. —St. Ignatius.
Saturday, March 5. —Santa Clara at
Santa Clara.
Tuesday, March S. —Ireland's Inde
pendents.
Wednesday, March 10. —Santa Clara
at Santa Clara.
Friday, March IS. —Ireland's Inde
pendents.
Tuesday, March 22. —Santa Clara.
Saturday, March 26. —First Intercol
legiate.
Wednesday, March 30. —Santa Clara.
Saturday, April 2. —Second Inter
collegiate at California.
Wednesday, April o.—St. Mary's at
Stanford.
Saturday, April 9.—Third Intercol
legiate.
On account of the many changes that
have been necessary in the baseball
schedule, as it was previously pub
lished. a new card has been made out.
Besides the games that are listed be
low several dates have been left open,
and it is possible that four or five
other games will be played. The list
of games follows; and unless other
wise stated the contest will be decided
on the campus:
Thursday, Feb. 24. —Ireland's Inde
pendents.
Saturday, Feb. 26. —Pacific Gas and
Electric Team.
Wednesday, March 2. —St. Ignatius.
Saturday, March 5. —Santa Clara at
Santa Clara.
Tuesday, March S. —Ireland's Inde
pendents.
Wednesday, March 10. —Santa Clara
at Santa Clara.
Friday, March IS. —Ireland's Inde
pendents.
Tuesday, March 22. —Santa Clara.
Saturday, March 26. —First Intercol
legiate.
Wednesday, March 30. —Santa Clara.
Saturday, April 2. —Second Inter
collegiate at California.
Wednesday, April o.—St. Mary's at
Stanford.
Saturday, April 9.—Third Intercol
legiate.
On account of the many changes that
have been necessary in the baseball
schedule, as it was previously pub
lished. a new card has been made out.
Besides the games that are listed be
low several dates have been left open,
and it is possible that four or five
other games will be played. The list
of games follows; and unless other
wise stated the contest will be decided
on the campus:
Thursday, Feb. 24. —Ireland's Inde
pendents.
Saturday, Feb. 26. —Pacific Gas and
Electric Team.
Wednesday, March 2. —St. Ignatius.
Saturday, March 5. —Santa Clara at
Santa Clara.
Tuesday, March S. —Ireland's Inde
pendents.
Wednesday, March 10. —Santa Clara
at Santa Clara.
Friday, March IS. —Ireland's Inde
pendents.
Tuesday, March 22. —Santa Clara.
Saturday, March 26. —First Intercol
legiate.
Wednesday, March 30. —Santa Clara.
Saturday, April 2. —Second Inter
collegiate at California.
Wednesday, April o.—St. Mary's at
Stanford.
Saturday, April 9.—Third Intercol
legiate.
On account of the many changes that
have been necessary in the baseball
schedule, as it was previously pub
lished. a new card has been made out.
Besides the games that are listed be
low several dates have been left open,
and it is possible that four or five
other games will be played. The list
of games follows; and unless other
wise stated the contest will be decided
on the campus:
Thursday, Feb. 24. —Ireland's Inde
pendents.
Saturday, Feb. 26. —Pacific Gas and
Electric Team.
Wednesday, March 2. —St. Ignatius.
Saturday, March 5. —Santa Clara at
Santa Clara.
Tuesday, March S. —Ireland's Inde
pendents.
Wednesday, March 10. —Santa Clara
at Santa Clara.
Friday, March IS. —Ireland's Inde
pendents.
Tuesday, March 22. —Santa Clara.
Saturday, March 26. —First Intercol
legiate.
Wednesday, March 30. —Santa Clara.
Saturday, April 2. —Second Inter
collegiate at California.
Wednesday, April o.—St. Mary's at
Stanford.
Saturday, April 9.—Third Intercol
legiate.
On account of the many changes that
have been necessary in the baseball
schedule, as it was previously pub
lished. a new card has been made out.
Besides the games that are listed be
low several dates have been left open,
and it is possible that four or five
other games will be played. The list
of games follows; and unless other
wise stated the contest will be decided
on the campus:
Thursday, Feb. 24. —Ireland's Inde
pendents.
Saturday, Feb. 26. —Pacific Gas and
Electric Team.
Wednesday, March 2. —St. Ignatius.
Saturday, March 5. —Santa Clara at
Santa Clara.
Tuesday, March S. —Ireland's Inde
pendents.
Wednesday, March 10. —Santa Clara
at Santa Clara.
Friday, March IS. —Ireland's Inde
pendents.
Tuesday, March 22. —Santa Clara.
Saturday, March 26. —First Intercol
legiate.
Wednesday, March 30. —Santa Clara.
Saturday, April 2. —Second Inter
collegiate at California.
Wednesday, April o.—St. Mary's at
Stanford.
Saturday, April 9.—Third Intercol
legiate.
On account of the many changes that
have been necessary in the baseball
schedule, as it was previously pub
lished. a new card has been made out.
Besides the games that are listed be
low several dates have been left open,
and it is possible that four or five
other games will be played. The list
of games follows; and unless other
wise stated the contest will be decided
on the campus:
Thursday, Feb. 24. —Ireland's Inde
pendents.
Saturday, Feb. 26. —Pacific Gas and
Electric Team.
Wednesday, March 2. —St. Ignatius.
Saturday, March 5. —Santa Clara at
Santa Clara.
Tuesday, March S. —Ireland's Inde
pendents.
Wednesday, March 10. —Santa Clara
at Santa Clara.
Friday, March IS. —Ireland's Inde
pendents.
Tuesday, March 22. —Santa Clara.
Saturday, March 26. —First Intercol
legiate.
Wednesday, March 30. —Santa Clara.
Saturday, April 2. —Second Inter
collegiate at California.
Wednesday, April o.—St. Mary's at
Stanford.
Saturday, April 9.—Third Intercol
legiate.
On account of the many changes that
have been necessary in the baseball
schedule, as it was previously pub
lished. a new card has been made out.
Besides the games that are listed be
low several dates have been left open,
and it is possible that four or five
other games will be played. The list
of games follows; and unless other
wise stated the contest will be decided
on the campus:
Thursday, Feb. 24. —Ireland's Inde
pendents.
Saturday, Feb. 26. —Pacific Gas and
Electric Team.
Wednesday, March 2. —St. Ignatius.
Saturday, March 5. —Santa Clara at
Santa Clara.
Tuesday, March S. —Ireland's Inde
pendents.
Wednesday, March 10. —Santa Clara
at Santa Clara.
Friday, March IS. —Ireland's Inde
pendents.
Tuesday, March 22. —Santa Clara.
Saturday, March 26. —First Intercol
legiate.
Wednesday, March 30. —Santa Clara.
Saturday, April 2. —Second Inter
collegiate at California.
Wednesday, April o.—St. Mary's at
Stanford.
Saturday, April 9.—Third Intercol
legiate.
On account of the many changes that
have been necessary in the baseball
schedule, as it was previously pub
lished. a new card has been made out.
Besides the games that are listed be
low several dates have been left open,
and it is possible that four or five
other games will be played. The list
of games follows; and unless other
wise stated the contest will be decided
on the campus:
Thursday, Feb. 24. —Ireland's Inde
pendents.
Saturday, Feb. 26. —Pacific Gas and
Electric Team.
Wednesday, March 2. —St. Ignatius.
Saturday, March 5. —Santa Clara at
Santa Clara.
Tuesday, March S. —Ireland's Inde
pendents.
Wednesday, March 10. —Santa Clara
at Santa Clara.
Friday, March IS. —Ireland's Inde
pendents.
Tuesday, March 22. —Santa Clara.
Saturday, March 26. —First Intercol
legiate.
Wednesday, March 30. —Santa Clara.
Saturday, April 2. —Second Inter
collegiate at California.
Wednesday, April o.—St. Mary's at
Stanford.
Saturday, April 9.—Third Intercol
legiate.
On account of the many changes that
have been necessary in the baseball
schedule, as it was previously pub
lished. a new card has been made out.
Besides the games that are listed be
low several dates have been left open,
and it is possible that four or five
other games will be played. The list
of games follows; and unless other
wise stated the contest will be decided
on the campus:
Thursday, Feb. 24. —Ireland's Inde
pendents.
Saturday, Feb. 26. —Pacific Gas and
Electric Team.
Wednesday, March 2. —St. Ignatius.
Saturday, March 5. —Santa Clara at
Santa Clara.
Tuesday, March S. —Ireland's Inde
pendents.
Wednesday, March 10. —Santa Clara
at Santa Clara.
Friday, March IS. —Ireland's Inde
pendents.
Tuesday, March 22. —Santa Clara.
Saturday, March 26. —First Intercol
legiate.
Wednesday, March 30. —Santa Clara.
Saturday, April 2. —Second Inter
collegiate at California.
Wednesday, April o.—St. Mary's at
Stanford.
Saturday, April 9.—Third Intercol
legiate.
On account of the many changes that
have been necessary in the baseball
schedule, as it was previously pub
lished. a new card has been made out.
Besides the games that are listed be
low several dates have been left open,
and it is possible that four or five
other games will be played. The list
of games follows; and unless other
wise stated the contest will be decided
on the campus:
Thursday, Feb. 24. —Ireland's Inde
pendents.
Saturday, Feb. 26. —Pacific Gas and
Electric Team.
Wednesday, March 2. —St. Ignatius.
Saturday, March 5. —Santa Clara at
Santa Clara.
Tuesday, March S. —Ireland's Inde
pendents.
Wednesday, March 10. —Santa Clara
at Santa Clara.
Friday, March IS. —Ireland's Inde
pendents.
Tuesday, March 22. —Santa Clara.
Saturday, March 26. —First Intercol
legiate.
Wednesday, March 30. —Santa Clara.
Saturday, April 2. —Second Inter
collegiate at California.
Wednesday, April o.—St. Mary's at
Stanford.
Saturday, April 9.—Third Intercol
legiate.
