# Napier To Open Religious Series
## 
### 
B. Davie Napier will speak at
the opening of the LDS Student
Association's Institute Forum
Series this Friday at noon. The
speech will initiate the Associa
tion's fall program of religious
instruction and discussion at the
Institute Building in Palo Alto.
The Friday afternoon series
will be open to anyone, and
speakers, though chiefly Mor
mon, will be from all denomina
tions. The Institute offers nine
other courses dealing with many
aspects of the Mormon faith.
The classes will be taught by
Ken Godfrey and Jean England.
The registration fee is $2, and
a student may enter as many
courses as he wants. There are
now nearly sixty students en
rolled, about half are Stanford
undergraduates. For information
phone the Institute at 328-3574.
B. Davie Napier will speak at
the opening of the LDS Student
Association's Institute Forum
Series this Friday at noon. The
speech will initiate the Associa
tion's fall program of religious
instruction and discussion at the
Institute Building in Palo Alto.
The Friday afternoon series
will be open to anyone, and
speakers, though chiefly Mor
mon, will be from all denomina
tions. The Institute offers nine
other courses dealing with many
aspects of the Mormon faith.
The classes will be taught by
Ken Godfrey and Jean England.
The registration fee is $2, and
a student may enter as many
courses as he wants. There are
now nearly sixty students en
rolled, about half are Stanford
undergraduates. For information
phone the Institute at 328-3574.
B. Davie Napier will speak at
the opening of the LDS Student
Association's Institute Forum
Series this Friday at noon. The
speech will initiate the Associa
tion's fall program of religious
instruction and discussion at the
Institute Building in Palo Alto.
The Friday afternoon series
will be open to anyone, and
speakers, though chiefly Mor
mon, will be from all denomina
tions. The Institute offers nine
other courses dealing with many
aspects of the Mormon faith.
The classes will be taught by
Ken Godfrey and Jean England.
The registration fee is $2, and
a student may enter as many
courses as he wants. There are
now nearly sixty students en
rolled, about half are Stanford
undergraduates. For information
phone the Institute at 328-3574.
B. Davie Napier will speak at
the opening of the LDS Student
Association's Institute Forum
Series this Friday at noon. The
speech will initiate the Associa
tion's fall program of religious
instruction and discussion at the
Institute Building in Palo Alto.
The Friday afternoon series
will be open to anyone, and
speakers, though chiefly Mor
mon, will be from all denomina
tions. The Institute offers nine
other courses dealing with many
aspects of the Mormon faith.
The classes will be taught by
Ken Godfrey and Jean England.
The registration fee is $2, and
a student may enter as many
courses as he wants. There are
now nearly sixty students en
rolled, about half are Stanford
undergraduates. For information
phone the Institute at 328-3574.
B. Davie Napier will speak at
the opening of the LDS Student
Association's Institute Forum
Series this Friday at noon. The
speech will initiate the Associa
tion's fall program of religious
instruction and discussion at the
Institute Building in Palo Alto.
The Friday afternoon series
will be open to anyone, and
speakers, though chiefly Mor
mon, will be from all denomina
tions. The Institute offers nine
other courses dealing with many
aspects of the Mormon faith.
The classes will be taught by
Ken Godfrey and Jean England.
The registration fee is $2, and
a student may enter as many
courses as he wants. There are
now nearly sixty students en
rolled, about half are Stanford
undergraduates. For information
phone the Institute at 328-3574.
B. Davie Napier will speak at
the opening of the LDS Student
Association's Institute Forum
Series this Friday at noon. The
speech will initiate the Associa
tion's fall program of religious
instruction and discussion at the
Institute Building in Palo Alto.
The Friday afternoon series
will be open to anyone, and
speakers, though chiefly Mor
mon, will be from all denomina
tions. The Institute offers nine
other courses dealing with many
aspects of the Mormon faith.
The classes will be taught by
Ken Godfrey and Jean England.
The registration fee is $2, and
a student may enter as many
courses as he wants. There are
now nearly sixty students en
rolled, about half are Stanford
undergraduates. For information
phone the Institute at 328-3574.
B. Davie Napier will speak at
the opening of the LDS Student
Association's Institute Forum
Series this Friday at noon. The
speech will initiate the Associa
tion's fall program of religious
instruction and discussion at the
Institute Building in Palo Alto.
The Friday afternoon series
will be open to anyone, and
speakers, though chiefly Mor
mon, will be from all denomina
tions. The Institute offers nine
other courses dealing with many
aspects of the Mormon faith.
The classes will be taught by
Ken Godfrey and Jean England.
The registration fee is $2, and
a student may enter as many
courses as he wants. There are
now nearly sixty students en
rolled, about half are Stanford
undergraduates. For information
phone the Institute at 328-3574.
B. Davie Napier will speak at
the opening of the LDS Student
Association's Institute Forum
Series this Friday at noon. The
speech will initiate the Associa
tion's fall program of religious
instruction and discussion at the
Institute Building in Palo Alto.
The Friday afternoon series
will be open to anyone, and
speakers, though chiefly Mor
mon, will be from all denomina
tions. The Institute offers nine
other courses dealing with many
aspects of the Mormon faith.
The classes will be taught by
Ken Godfrey and Jean England.
The registration fee is $2, and
a student may enter as many
courses as he wants. There are
now nearly sixty students en
rolled, about half are Stanford
undergraduates. For information
phone the Institute at 328-3574.
B. Davie Napier will speak at
the opening of the LDS Student
Association's Institute Forum
Series this Friday at noon. The
speech will initiate the Associa
tion's fall program of religious
instruction and discussion at the
Institute Building in Palo Alto.
The Friday afternoon series
will be open to anyone, and
speakers, though chiefly Mor
mon, will be from all denomina
tions. The Institute offers nine
other courses dealing with many
aspects of the Mormon faith.
The classes will be taught by
Ken Godfrey and Jean England.
The registration fee is $2, and
a student may enter as many
courses as he wants. There are
now nearly sixty students en
rolled, about half are Stanford
undergraduates. For information
phone the Institute at 328-3574.
B. Davie Napier will speak at
the opening of the LDS Student
Association's Institute Forum
Series this Friday at noon. The
speech will initiate the Associa
tion's fall program of religious
instruction and discussion at the
Institute Building in Palo Alto.
The Friday afternoon series
will be open to anyone, and
speakers, though chiefly Mor
mon, will be from all denomina
tions. The Institute offers nine
other courses dealing with many
aspects of the Mormon faith.
The classes will be taught by
Ken Godfrey and Jean England.
The registration fee is $2, and
a student may enter as many
courses as he wants. There are
now nearly sixty students en
rolled, about half are Stanford
undergraduates. For information
phone the Institute at 328-3574.
B. Davie Napier will speak at
the opening of the LDS Student
Association's Institute Forum
Series this Friday at noon. The
speech will initiate the Associa
tion's fall program of religious
instruction and discussion at the
Institute Building in Palo Alto.
The Friday afternoon series
will be open to anyone, and
speakers, though chiefly Mor
mon, will be from all denomina
tions. The Institute offers nine
other courses dealing with many
aspects of the Mormon faith.
The classes will be taught by
Ken Godfrey and Jean England.
The registration fee is $2, and
a student may enter as many
courses as he wants. There are
now nearly sixty students en
rolled, about half are Stanford
undergraduates. For information
phone the Institute at 328-3574.
B. Davie Napier will speak at
the opening of the LDS Student
Association's Institute Forum
Series this Friday at noon. The
speech will initiate the Associa
tion's fall program of religious
instruction and discussion at the
Institute Building in Palo Alto.
The Friday afternoon series
will be open to anyone, and
speakers, though chiefly Mor
mon, will be from all denomina
tions. The Institute offers nine
other courses dealing with many
aspects of the Mormon faith.
The classes will be taught by
Ken Godfrey and Jean England.
The registration fee is $2, and
a student may enter as many
courses as he wants. There are
now nearly sixty students en
rolled, about half are Stanford
undergraduates. For information
phone the Institute at 328-3574.
B. Davie Napier will speak at
the opening of the LDS Student
Association's Institute Forum
Series this Friday at noon. The
speech will initiate the Associa
tion's fall program of religious
instruction and discussion at the
Institute Building in Palo Alto.
The Friday afternoon series
will be open to anyone, and
speakers, though chiefly Mor
mon, will be from all denomina
tions. The Institute offers nine
other courses dealing with many
aspects of the Mormon faith.
The classes will be taught by
Ken Godfrey and Jean England.
The registration fee is $2, and
a student may enter as many
courses as he wants. There are
now nearly sixty students en
rolled, about half are Stanford
undergraduates. For information
phone the Institute at 328-3574.
B. Davie Napier will speak at
the opening of the LDS Student
Association's Institute Forum
Series this Friday at noon. The
speech will initiate the Associa
tion's fall program of religious
instruction and discussion at the
Institute Building in Palo Alto.
The Friday afternoon series
will be open to anyone, and
speakers, though chiefly Mor
mon, will be from all denomina
tions. The Institute offers nine
other courses dealing with many
aspects of the Mormon faith.
The classes will be taught by
Ken Godfrey and Jean England.
The registration fee is $2, and
a student may enter as many
courses as he wants. There are
now nearly sixty students en
rolled, about half are Stanford
undergraduates. For information
phone the Institute at 328-3574.
B. Davie Napier will speak at
the opening of the LDS Student
Association's Institute Forum
Series this Friday at noon. The
speech will initiate the Associa
tion's fall program of religious
instruction and discussion at the
Institute Building in Palo Alto.
The Friday afternoon series
will be open to anyone, and
speakers, though chiefly Mor
mon, will be from all denomina
tions. The Institute offers nine
other courses dealing with many
aspects of the Mormon faith.
The classes will be taught by
Ken Godfrey and Jean England.
The registration fee is $2, and
a student may enter as many
courses as he wants. There are
now nearly sixty students en
rolled, about half are Stanford
undergraduates. For information
phone the Institute at 328-3574.
B. Davie Napier will speak at
the opening of the LDS Student
Association's Institute Forum
Series this Friday at noon. The
speech will initiate the Associa
tion's fall program of religious
instruction and discussion at the
Institute Building in Palo Alto.
The Friday afternoon series
will be open to anyone, and
speakers, though chiefly Mor
mon, will be from all denomina
tions. The Institute offers nine
other courses dealing with many
aspects of the Mormon faith.
The classes will be taught by
Ken Godfrey and Jean England.
The registration fee is $2, and
a student may enter as many
courses as he wants. There are
now nearly sixty students en
rolled, about half are Stanford
undergraduates. For information
phone the Institute at 328-3574.
