# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Tickets for the baseball game
between Stanford and California
Saturday afternoon will be on
sale in the Administration Build
ing tomorrow from
1:30 to 4:00. Students with stu
dent body* cards may buy the
tickets for 35 cents. General ad
mission will lie 75 cents.
Tickets for the baseball game
between Stanford and California
Saturday afternoon will be on
sale in the Administration Build
ing tomorrow from
1:30 to 4:00. Students with stu
dent body* cards may buy the
tickets for 35 cents. General ad
mission will lie 75 cents.
Tickets for the baseball game
between Stanford and California
Saturday afternoon will be on
sale in the Administration Build
ing tomorrow from
1:30 to 4:00. Students with stu
dent body* cards may buy the
tickets for 35 cents. General ad
mission will lie 75 cents.
Tickets for the baseball game
between Stanford and California
Saturday afternoon will be on
sale in the Administration Build
ing tomorrow from
1:30 to 4:00. Students with stu
dent body* cards may buy the
tickets for 35 cents. General ad
mission will lie 75 cents.
Tickets for the baseball game
between Stanford and California
Saturday afternoon will be on
sale in the Administration Build
ing tomorrow from
1:30 to 4:00. Students with stu
dent body* cards may buy the
tickets for 35 cents. General ad
mission will lie 75 cents.
Tickets for the baseball game
between Stanford and California
Saturday afternoon will be on
sale in the Administration Build
ing tomorrow from
1:30 to 4:00. Students with stu
dent body* cards may buy the
tickets for 35 cents. General ad
mission will lie 75 cents.
Tickets for the baseball game
between Stanford and California
Saturday afternoon will be on
sale in the Administration Build
ing tomorrow from
1:30 to 4:00. Students with stu
dent body* cards may buy the
tickets for 35 cents. General ad
mission will lie 75 cents.
Tickets for the baseball game
between Stanford and California
Saturday afternoon will be on
sale in the Administration Build
ing tomorrow from
1:30 to 4:00. Students with stu
dent body* cards may buy the
tickets for 35 cents. General ad
mission will lie 75 cents.
Tickets for the baseball game
between Stanford and California
Saturday afternoon will be on
sale in the Administration Build
ing tomorrow from
1:30 to 4:00. Students with stu
dent body* cards may buy the
tickets for 35 cents. General ad
mission will lie 75 cents.
Tickets for the baseball game
between Stanford and California
Saturday afternoon will be on
sale in the Administration Build
ing tomorrow from
1:30 to 4:00. Students with stu
dent body* cards may buy the
tickets for 35 cents. General ad
mission will lie 75 cents.
Tickets for the baseball game
between Stanford and California
Saturday afternoon will be on
sale in the Administration Build
ing tomorrow from
1:30 to 4:00. Students with stu
dent body* cards may buy the
tickets for 35 cents. General ad
mission will lie 75 cents.
Tickets for the baseball game
between Stanford and California
Saturday afternoon will be on
sale in the Administration Build
ing tomorrow from
1:30 to 4:00. Students with stu
dent body* cards may buy the
tickets for 35 cents. General ad
mission will lie 75 cents.
Tickets for the baseball game
between Stanford and California
Saturday afternoon will be on
sale in the Administration Build
ing tomorrow from
1:30 to 4:00. Students with stu
dent body* cards may buy the
tickets for 35 cents. General ad
mission will lie 75 cents.
