# U.S. Professional Golfers Ready For English Match
## 
### 
MOOIITOWN, England, May 13. (/P)
—A stalwart army of American pro
fessional golfers assembled here to
right in readiness for another battle
on the Moortown field. Walter Hagen,
the British open champion, and other
transatlantic players, including Jose
Jurado, the Argentine pro, are en
tered for the Yorkshire Evening News
thousand guineas tournament, opening
tomorrow.
MOOIITOWN, England, May 13. (/P)
—A stalwart army of American pro
fessional golfers assembled here to
right in readiness for another battle
on the Moortown field. Walter Hagen,
the British open champion, and other
transatlantic players, including Jose
Jurado, the Argentine pro, are en
tered for the Yorkshire Evening News
thousand guineas tournament, opening
tomorrow.
MOOIITOWN, England, May 13. (/P)
—A stalwart army of American pro
fessional golfers assembled here to
right in readiness for another battle
on the Moortown field. Walter Hagen,
the British open champion, and other
transatlantic players, including Jose
Jurado, the Argentine pro, are en
tered for the Yorkshire Evening News
thousand guineas tournament, opening
tomorrow.
MOOIITOWN, England, May 13. (/P)
—A stalwart army of American pro
fessional golfers assembled here to
right in readiness for another battle
on the Moortown field. Walter Hagen,
the British open champion, and other
transatlantic players, including Jose
Jurado, the Argentine pro, are en
tered for the Yorkshire Evening News
thousand guineas tournament, opening
tomorrow.
MOOIITOWN, England, May 13. (/P)
—A stalwart army of American pro
fessional golfers assembled here to
right in readiness for another battle
on the Moortown field. Walter Hagen,
the British open champion, and other
transatlantic players, including Jose
Jurado, the Argentine pro, are en
tered for the Yorkshire Evening News
thousand guineas tournament, opening
tomorrow.
MOOIITOWN, England, May 13. (/P)
—A stalwart army of American pro
fessional golfers assembled here to
right in readiness for another battle
on the Moortown field. Walter Hagen,
the British open champion, and other
transatlantic players, including Jose
Jurado, the Argentine pro, are en
tered for the Yorkshire Evening News
thousand guineas tournament, opening
tomorrow.
MOOIITOWN, England, May 13. (/P)
—A stalwart army of American pro
fessional golfers assembled here to
right in readiness for another battle
on the Moortown field. Walter Hagen,
the British open champion, and other
transatlantic players, including Jose
Jurado, the Argentine pro, are en
tered for the Yorkshire Evening News
thousand guineas tournament, opening
tomorrow.
MOOIITOWN, England, May 13. (/P)
—A stalwart army of American pro
fessional golfers assembled here to
right in readiness for another battle
on the Moortown field. Walter Hagen,
the British open champion, and other
transatlantic players, including Jose
Jurado, the Argentine pro, are en
tered for the Yorkshire Evening News
thousand guineas tournament, opening
tomorrow.
MOOIITOWN, England, May 13. (/P)
—A stalwart army of American pro
fessional golfers assembled here to
right in readiness for another battle
on the Moortown field. Walter Hagen,
the British open champion, and other
transatlantic players, including Jose
Jurado, the Argentine pro, are en
tered for the Yorkshire Evening News
thousand guineas tournament, opening
tomorrow.
MOOIITOWN, England, May 13. (/P)
—A stalwart army of American pro
fessional golfers assembled here to
right in readiness for another battle
on the Moortown field. Walter Hagen,
the British open champion, and other
transatlantic players, including Jose
Jurado, the Argentine pro, are en
tered for the Yorkshire Evening News
thousand guineas tournament, opening
tomorrow.
MOOIITOWN, England, May 13. (/P)
—A stalwart army of American pro
fessional golfers assembled here to
right in readiness for another battle
on the Moortown field. Walter Hagen,
the British open champion, and other
transatlantic players, including Jose
Jurado, the Argentine pro, are en
tered for the Yorkshire Evening News
thousand guineas tournament, opening
tomorrow.
MOOIITOWN, England, May 13. (/P)
—A stalwart army of American pro
fessional golfers assembled here to
right in readiness for another battle
on the Moortown field. Walter Hagen,
the British open champion, and other
transatlantic players, including Jose
Jurado, the Argentine pro, are en
tered for the Yorkshire Evening News
thousand guineas tournament, opening
tomorrow.
MOOIITOWN, England, May 13. (/P)
—A stalwart army of American pro
fessional golfers assembled here to
right in readiness for another battle
on the Moortown field. Walter Hagen,
the British open champion, and other
transatlantic players, including Jose
Jurado, the Argentine pro, are en
tered for the Yorkshire Evening News
thousand guineas tournament, opening
tomorrow.
MOOIITOWN, England, May 13. (/P)
—A stalwart army of American pro
fessional golfers assembled here to
right in readiness for another battle
on the Moortown field. Walter Hagen,
the British open champion, and other
transatlantic players, including Jose
Jurado, the Argentine pro, are en
tered for the Yorkshire Evening News
thousand guineas tournament, opening
tomorrow.
MOOIITOWN, England, May 13. (/P)
—A stalwart army of American pro
fessional golfers assembled here to
right in readiness for another battle
on the Moortown field. Walter Hagen,
the British open champion, and other
transatlantic players, including Jose
Jurado, the Argentine pro, are en
tered for the Yorkshire Evening News
thousand guineas tournament, opening
tomorrow.
MOOIITOWN, England, May 13. (/P)
—A stalwart army of American pro
fessional golfers assembled here to
right in readiness for another battle
on the Moortown field. Walter Hagen,
the British open champion, and other
transatlantic players, including Jose
Jurado, the Argentine pro, are en
tered for the Yorkshire Evening News
thousand guineas tournament, opening
tomorrow.
