# Dr. Cochran Makes Final Address.
## 
### 
Dr. J. W. Cochran gave his final
talk before a Stanford audience in
the chapel last night, when he spoke
under the auspices of the Y. M. C. A.
on "The Laboratory Method in Re
ligion." He said that the Christian
religion would stand as severe tests
now as at any time in its history. He
asked that every one give religion as
fair and as practical a trial as they
would any other theory or belief that
came up.
Dr. J. W. Cochran gave his final
talk before a Stanford audience in
the chapel last night, when he spoke
under the auspices of the Y. M. C. A.
on "The Laboratory Method in Re
ligion." He said that the Christian
religion would stand as severe tests
now as at any time in its history. He
asked that every one give religion as
fair and as practical a trial as they
would any other theory or belief that
came up.
Dr. J. W. Cochran gave his final
talk before a Stanford audience in
the chapel last night, when he spoke
under the auspices of the Y. M. C. A.
on "The Laboratory Method in Re
ligion." He said that the Christian
religion would stand as severe tests
now as at any time in its history. He
asked that every one give religion as
fair and as practical a trial as they
would any other theory or belief that
came up.
Dr. J. W. Cochran gave his final
talk before a Stanford audience in
the chapel last night, when he spoke
under the auspices of the Y. M. C. A.
on "The Laboratory Method in Re
ligion." He said that the Christian
religion would stand as severe tests
now as at any time in its history. He
asked that every one give religion as
fair and as practical a trial as they
would any other theory or belief that
came up.
Dr. J. W. Cochran gave his final
talk before a Stanford audience in
the chapel last night, when he spoke
under the auspices of the Y. M. C. A.
on "The Laboratory Method in Re
ligion." He said that the Christian
religion would stand as severe tests
now as at any time in its history. He
asked that every one give religion as
fair and as practical a trial as they
would any other theory or belief that
came up.
Dr. J. W. Cochran gave his final
talk before a Stanford audience in
the chapel last night, when he spoke
under the auspices of the Y. M. C. A.
on "The Laboratory Method in Re
ligion." He said that the Christian
religion would stand as severe tests
now as at any time in its history. He
asked that every one give religion as
fair and as practical a trial as they
would any other theory or belief that
came up.
Dr. J. W. Cochran gave his final
talk before a Stanford audience in
the chapel last night, when he spoke
under the auspices of the Y. M. C. A.
on "The Laboratory Method in Re
ligion." He said that the Christian
religion would stand as severe tests
now as at any time in its history. He
asked that every one give religion as
fair and as practical a trial as they
would any other theory or belief that
came up.
Dr. J. W. Cochran gave his final
talk before a Stanford audience in
the chapel last night, when he spoke
under the auspices of the Y. M. C. A.
on "The Laboratory Method in Re
ligion." He said that the Christian
religion would stand as severe tests
now as at any time in its history. He
asked that every one give religion as
fair and as practical a trial as they
would any other theory or belief that
came up.
Dr. J. W. Cochran gave his final
talk before a Stanford audience in
the chapel last night, when he spoke
under the auspices of the Y. M. C. A.
on "The Laboratory Method in Re
ligion." He said that the Christian
religion would stand as severe tests
now as at any time in its history. He
asked that every one give religion as
fair and as practical a trial as they
would any other theory or belief that
came up.
Dr. J. W. Cochran gave his final
talk before a Stanford audience in
the chapel last night, when he spoke
under the auspices of the Y. M. C. A.
on "The Laboratory Method in Re
ligion." He said that the Christian
religion would stand as severe tests
now as at any time in its history. He
asked that every one give religion as
fair and as practical a trial as they
would any other theory or belief that
came up.
Dr. J. W. Cochran gave his final
talk before a Stanford audience in
the chapel last night, when he spoke
under the auspices of the Y. M. C. A.
on "The Laboratory Method in Re
ligion." He said that the Christian
religion would stand as severe tests
now as at any time in its history. He
asked that every one give religion as
fair and as practical a trial as they
would any other theory or belief that
came up.
