# Speaks Before Woman's Chub.
## 
### 
Yesterday afternon Dr. D. Charles
Gardner addressed the Woman's Club
of Palo Alto, on the subject of "Wo
man and Religion."
Yesterday afternon Dr. D. Charles
Gardner addressed the Woman's Club
of Palo Alto, on the subject of "Wo
man and Religion."
Yesterday afternon Dr. D. Charles
Gardner addressed the Woman's Club
of Palo Alto, on the subject of "Wo
man and Religion."
Yesterday afternon Dr. D. Charles
Gardner addressed the Woman's Club
of Palo Alto, on the subject of "Wo
man and Religion."
Yesterday afternon Dr. D. Charles
Gardner addressed the Woman's Club
of Palo Alto, on the subject of "Wo
man and Religion."
Yesterday afternon Dr. D. Charles
Gardner addressed the Woman's Club
of Palo Alto, on the subject of "Wo
man and Religion."
Yesterday afternon Dr. D. Charles
Gardner addressed the Woman's Club
of Palo Alto, on the subject of "Wo
man and Religion."
Yesterday afternon Dr. D. Charles
Gardner addressed the Woman's Club
of Palo Alto, on the subject of "Wo
man and Religion."
Yesterday afternon Dr. D. Charles
Gardner addressed the Woman's Club
of Palo Alto, on the subject of "Wo
man and Religion."
Yesterday afternon Dr. D. Charles
Gardner addressed the Woman's Club
of Palo Alto, on the subject of "Wo
man and Religion."
Yesterday afternon Dr. D. Charles
Gardner addressed the Woman's Club
of Palo Alto, on the subject of "Wo
man and Religion."
