# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
y/
(fflr
\REMEMBER !
\w
immc"ji Ito
J//; Stanford students..,
'art your eye physician about
y/
(fflr
\REMEMBER !
\w
immc"ji Ito
J//; Stanford students..,
'art your eye physician about
y/
(fflr
\REMEMBER !
\w
immc"ji Ito
J//; Stanford students..,
'art your eye physician about
y/
(fflr
\REMEMBER !
\w
immc"ji Ito
J//; Stanford students..,
'art your eye physician about
y/
(fflr
\REMEMBER !
\w
immc"ji Ito
J//; Stanford students..,
'art your eye physician about
y/
(fflr
\REMEMBER !
\w
immc"ji Ito
J//; Stanford students..,
'art your eye physician about
y/
(fflr
\REMEMBER !
\w
immc"ji Ito
J//; Stanford students..,
'art your eye physician about
y/
(fflr
\REMEMBER !
\w
immc"ji Ito
J//; Stanford students..,
'art your eye physician about
y/
(fflr
\REMEMBER !
\w
immc"ji Ito
J//; Stanford students..,
'art your eye physician about
y/
(fflr
\REMEMBER !
\w
immc"ji Ito
J//; Stanford students..,
'art your eye physician about
y/
(fflr
\REMEMBER !
\w
immc"ji Ito
J//; Stanford students..,
'art your eye physician about
y/
(fflr
\REMEMBER !
\w
immc"ji Ito
J//; Stanford students..,
'art your eye physician about
y/
(fflr
\REMEMBER !
\w
immc"ji Ito
J//; Stanford students..,
'art your eye physician about
y/
(fflr
\REMEMBER !
\w
immc"ji Ito
J//; Stanford students..,
'art your eye physician about
y/
(fflr
\REMEMBER !
\w
immc"ji Ito
J//; Stanford students..,
'art your eye physician about
