# Job Interviews
## 
### 
Interview schedules may be
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow:
Food Machinery and Chemical
Corporation: E.E., M.E. and
chemical engineering openings in
San Jose and throughout the U.S.
l.inde Air Products Company:
Openings for B.S. and M.S. de
grees in M.E., E.E., C.E., 1.E..
physics, chemistry, chemical and
metallurgical engineering in Buf
falo, N.Y.; Indianapolis, Ind.;
Newark, N.J. Summer interviews
also.
Olin Mathieson Chemical Cor
poration: Chemistry, chemical
engineering, mechanical engi
neering and metallurgical engi
neering openings in the research
department in Niagara Falls,
N.Y.; New Haven, Conn.; East
Alton, 111.
Standard Oil Company ol' Cali
fornia: C.E., M.E.. E.E., chemical
engineering, petroleum engineer
ing, physics, mathematics, busi
ness administration, chemistry
and metallurgical engineering
openings in Western states.
Interview schedules may be
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow:
Food Machinery and Chemical
Corporation: E.E., M.E. and
chemical engineering openings in
San Jose and throughout the U.S.
l.inde Air Products Company:
Openings for B.S. and M.S. de
grees in M.E., E.E., C.E., 1.E..
physics, chemistry, chemical and
metallurgical engineering in Buf
falo, N.Y.; Indianapolis, Ind.;
Newark, N.J. Summer interviews
also.
Olin Mathieson Chemical Cor
poration: Chemistry, chemical
engineering, mechanical engi
neering and metallurgical engi
neering openings in the research
department in Niagara Falls,
N.Y.; New Haven, Conn.; East
Alton, 111.
Standard Oil Company ol' Cali
fornia: C.E., M.E.. E.E., chemical
engineering, petroleum engineer
ing, physics, mathematics, busi
ness administration, chemistry
and metallurgical engineering
openings in Western states.
Interview schedules may be
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow:
Food Machinery and Chemical
Corporation: E.E., M.E. and
chemical engineering openings in
San Jose and throughout the U.S.
l.inde Air Products Company:
Openings for B.S. and M.S. de
grees in M.E., E.E., C.E., 1.E..
physics, chemistry, chemical and
metallurgical engineering in Buf
falo, N.Y.; Indianapolis, Ind.;
Newark, N.J. Summer interviews
also.
Olin Mathieson Chemical Cor
poration: Chemistry, chemical
engineering, mechanical engi
neering and metallurgical engi
neering openings in the research
department in Niagara Falls,
N.Y.; New Haven, Conn.; East
Alton, 111.
Standard Oil Company ol' Cali
fornia: C.E., M.E.. E.E., chemical
engineering, petroleum engineer
ing, physics, mathematics, busi
ness administration, chemistry
and metallurgical engineering
openings in Western states.
Interview schedules may be
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow:
Food Machinery and Chemical
Corporation: E.E., M.E. and
chemical engineering openings in
San Jose and throughout the U.S.
l.inde Air Products Company:
Openings for B.S. and M.S. de
grees in M.E., E.E., C.E., 1.E..
physics, chemistry, chemical and
metallurgical engineering in Buf
falo, N.Y.; Indianapolis, Ind.;
Newark, N.J. Summer interviews
also.
Olin Mathieson Chemical Cor
poration: Chemistry, chemical
engineering, mechanical engi
neering and metallurgical engi
neering openings in the research
department in Niagara Falls,
N.Y.; New Haven, Conn.; East
Alton, 111.
Standard Oil Company ol' Cali
fornia: C.E., M.E.. E.E., chemical
engineering, petroleum engineer
ing, physics, mathematics, busi
ness administration, chemistry
and metallurgical engineering
openings in Western states.
Interview schedules may be
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow:
Food Machinery and Chemical
Corporation: E.E., M.E. and
chemical engineering openings in
San Jose and throughout the U.S.
l.inde Air Products Company:
Openings for B.S. and M.S. de
grees in M.E., E.E., C.E., 1.E..
physics, chemistry, chemical and
metallurgical engineering in Buf
falo, N.Y.; Indianapolis, Ind.;
Newark, N.J. Summer interviews
also.
Olin Mathieson Chemical Cor
poration: Chemistry, chemical
engineering, mechanical engi
neering and metallurgical engi
neering openings in the research
department in Niagara Falls,
N.Y.; New Haven, Conn.; East
Alton, 111.
Standard Oil Company ol' Cali
fornia: C.E., M.E.. E.E., chemical
engineering, petroleum engineer
ing, physics, mathematics, busi
ness administration, chemistry
and metallurgical engineering
openings in Western states.
Interview schedules may be
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow:
Food Machinery and Chemical
Corporation: E.E., M.E. and
chemical engineering openings in
San Jose and throughout the U.S.
l.inde Air Products Company:
Openings for B.S. and M.S. de
grees in M.E., E.E., C.E., 1.E..
physics, chemistry, chemical and
metallurgical engineering in Buf
falo, N.Y.; Indianapolis, Ind.;
Newark, N.J. Summer interviews
also.
Olin Mathieson Chemical Cor
poration: Chemistry, chemical
engineering, mechanical engi
neering and metallurgical engi
neering openings in the research
department in Niagara Falls,
N.Y.; New Haven, Conn.; East
Alton, 111.
Standard Oil Company ol' Cali
fornia: C.E., M.E.. E.E., chemical
engineering, petroleum engineer
ing, physics, mathematics, busi
ness administration, chemistry
and metallurgical engineering
openings in Western states.
Interview schedules may be
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow:
Food Machinery and Chemical
Corporation: E.E., M.E. and
chemical engineering openings in
San Jose and throughout the U.S.
l.inde Air Products Company:
Openings for B.S. and M.S. de
grees in M.E., E.E., C.E., 1.E..
physics, chemistry, chemical and
metallurgical engineering in Buf
falo, N.Y.; Indianapolis, Ind.;
Newark, N.J. Summer interviews
also.
Olin Mathieson Chemical Cor
poration: Chemistry, chemical
engineering, mechanical engi
neering and metallurgical engi
neering openings in the research
department in Niagara Falls,
N.Y.; New Haven, Conn.; East
Alton, 111.
Standard Oil Company ol' Cali
fornia: C.E., M.E.. E.E., chemical
engineering, petroleum engineer
ing, physics, mathematics, busi
ness administration, chemistry
and metallurgical engineering
openings in Western states.
Interview schedules may be
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow:
Food Machinery and Chemical
Corporation: E.E., M.E. and
chemical engineering openings in
San Jose and throughout the U.S.
l.inde Air Products Company:
Openings for B.S. and M.S. de
grees in M.E., E.E., C.E., 1.E..
physics, chemistry, chemical and
metallurgical engineering in Buf
falo, N.Y.; Indianapolis, Ind.;
Newark, N.J. Summer interviews
also.
Olin Mathieson Chemical Cor
poration: Chemistry, chemical
engineering, mechanical engi
neering and metallurgical engi
neering openings in the research
department in Niagara Falls,
N.Y.; New Haven, Conn.; East
Alton, 111.
Standard Oil Company ol' Cali
fornia: C.E., M.E.. E.E., chemical
engineering, petroleum engineer
ing, physics, mathematics, busi
ness administration, chemistry
and metallurgical engineering
openings in Western states.
Interview schedules may be
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow:
Food Machinery and Chemical
Corporation: E.E., M.E. and
chemical engineering openings in
San Jose and throughout the U.S.
l.inde Air Products Company:
Openings for B.S. and M.S. de
grees in M.E., E.E., C.E., 1.E..
physics, chemistry, chemical and
metallurgical engineering in Buf
falo, N.Y.; Indianapolis, Ind.;
Newark, N.J. Summer interviews
also.
Olin Mathieson Chemical Cor
poration: Chemistry, chemical
engineering, mechanical engi
neering and metallurgical engi
neering openings in the research
department in Niagara Falls,
N.Y.; New Haven, Conn.; East
Alton, 111.
Standard Oil Company ol' Cali
fornia: C.E., M.E.. E.E., chemical
engineering, petroleum engineer
ing, physics, mathematics, busi
ness administration, chemistry
and metallurgical engineering
openings in Western states.
Interview schedules may be
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow:
Food Machinery and Chemical
Corporation: E.E., M.E. and
chemical engineering openings in
San Jose and throughout the U.S.
l.inde Air Products Company:
Openings for B.S. and M.S. de
grees in M.E., E.E., C.E., 1.E..
physics, chemistry, chemical and
metallurgical engineering in Buf
falo, N.Y.; Indianapolis, Ind.;
Newark, N.J. Summer interviews
also.
Olin Mathieson Chemical Cor
poration: Chemistry, chemical
engineering, mechanical engi
neering and metallurgical engi
neering openings in the research
department in Niagara Falls,
N.Y.; New Haven, Conn.; East
Alton, 111.
Standard Oil Company ol' Cali
fornia: C.E., M.E.. E.E., chemical
engineering, petroleum engineer
ing, physics, mathematics, busi
ness administration, chemistry
and metallurgical engineering
openings in Western states.
Interview schedules may be
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow:
Food Machinery and Chemical
Corporation: E.E., M.E. and
chemical engineering openings in
San Jose and throughout the U.S.
l.inde Air Products Company:
Openings for B.S. and M.S. de
grees in M.E., E.E., C.E., 1.E..
physics, chemistry, chemical and
metallurgical engineering in Buf
falo, N.Y.; Indianapolis, Ind.;
Newark, N.J. Summer interviews
also.
Olin Mathieson Chemical Cor
poration: Chemistry, chemical
engineering, mechanical engi
neering and metallurgical engi
neering openings in the research
department in Niagara Falls,
N.Y.; New Haven, Conn.; East
Alton, 111.
Standard Oil Company ol' Cali
fornia: C.E., M.E.. E.E., chemical
engineering, petroleum engineer
ing, physics, mathematics, busi
ness administration, chemistry
and metallurgical engineering
openings in Western states.
Interview schedules may be
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow:
Food Machinery and Chemical
Corporation: E.E., M.E. and
chemical engineering openings in
San Jose and throughout the U.S.
l.inde Air Products Company:
Openings for B.S. and M.S. de
grees in M.E., E.E., C.E., 1.E..
physics, chemistry, chemical and
metallurgical engineering in Buf
falo, N.Y.; Indianapolis, Ind.;
Newark, N.J. Summer interviews
also.
Olin Mathieson Chemical Cor
poration: Chemistry, chemical
engineering, mechanical engi
neering and metallurgical engi
neering openings in the research
department in Niagara Falls,
N.Y.; New Haven, Conn.; East
Alton, 111.
Standard Oil Company ol' Cali
fornia: C.E., M.E.. E.E., chemical
engineering, petroleum engineer
ing, physics, mathematics, busi
ness administration, chemistry
and metallurgical engineering
openings in Western states.
Interview schedules may be
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow:
Food Machinery and Chemical
Corporation: E.E., M.E. and
chemical engineering openings in
San Jose and throughout the U.S.
l.inde Air Products Company:
Openings for B.S. and M.S. de
grees in M.E., E.E., C.E., 1.E..
physics, chemistry, chemical and
metallurgical engineering in Buf
falo, N.Y.; Indianapolis, Ind.;
Newark, N.J. Summer interviews
also.
Olin Mathieson Chemical Cor
poration: Chemistry, chemical
engineering, mechanical engi
neering and metallurgical engi
neering openings in the research
department in Niagara Falls,
N.Y.; New Haven, Conn.; East
Alton, 111.
Standard Oil Company ol' Cali
fornia: C.E., M.E.. E.E., chemical
engineering, petroleum engineer
ing, physics, mathematics, busi
ness administration, chemistry
and metallurgical engineering
openings in Western states.
Interview schedules may be
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow:
Food Machinery and Chemical
Corporation: E.E., M.E. and
chemical engineering openings in
San Jose and throughout the U.S.
l.inde Air Products Company:
Openings for B.S. and M.S. de
grees in M.E., E.E., C.E., 1.E..
physics, chemistry, chemical and
metallurgical engineering in Buf
falo, N.Y.; Indianapolis, Ind.;
Newark, N.J. Summer interviews
also.
Olin Mathieson Chemical Cor
poration: Chemistry, chemical
engineering, mechanical engi
neering and metallurgical engi
neering openings in the research
department in Niagara Falls,
N.Y.; New Haven, Conn.; East
Alton, 111.
Standard Oil Company ol' Cali
fornia: C.E., M.E.. E.E., chemical
engineering, petroleum engineer
ing, physics, mathematics, busi
ness administration, chemistry
and metallurgical engineering
openings in Western states.
Interview schedules may be
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow:
Food Machinery and Chemical
Corporation: E.E., M.E. and
chemical engineering openings in
San Jose and throughout the U.S.
l.inde Air Products Company:
Openings for B.S. and M.S. de
grees in M.E., E.E., C.E., 1.E..
physics, chemistry, chemical and
metallurgical engineering in Buf
falo, N.Y.; Indianapolis, Ind.;
Newark, N.J. Summer interviews
also.
Olin Mathieson Chemical Cor
poration: Chemistry, chemical
engineering, mechanical engi
neering and metallurgical engi
neering openings in the research
department in Niagara Falls,
N.Y.; New Haven, Conn.; East
Alton, 111.
Standard Oil Company ol' Cali
fornia: C.E., M.E.. E.E., chemical
engineering, petroleum engineer
ing, physics, mathematics, busi
ness administration, chemistry
and metallurgical engineering
openings in Western states.
