# Scott Scholarship Open to Juniors
## 
### 
Engineering and chemistry stu
dents who intend to pursue ca
reers in these fields may now
apply for the $1000 Scott Founda
tion Award, a new scholarship re
cently set up at Stanford by the
Scott Paper Co. Foundation of
Chester, Pa.
The first award will be made
this month to a member of the
class of '58 who has at least a
2.6 grade average and who has
demonstrate! outstanding leader
ship qualities both in the class
room and in extracurricular ac
tivities.
Application blanks may be ob
tained at the Dean of Men's of
fice.
Engineering and chemistry stu
dents who intend to pursue ca
reers in these fields may now
apply for the $1000 Scott Founda
tion Award, a new scholarship re
cently set up at Stanford by the
Scott Paper Co. Foundation of
Chester, Pa.
The first award will be made
this month to a member of the
class of '58 who has at least a
2.6 grade average and who has
demonstrate! outstanding leader
ship qualities both in the class
room and in extracurricular ac
tivities.
Application blanks may be ob
tained at the Dean of Men's of
fice.
Engineering and chemistry stu
dents who intend to pursue ca
reers in these fields may now
apply for the $1000 Scott Founda
tion Award, a new scholarship re
cently set up at Stanford by the
Scott Paper Co. Foundation of
Chester, Pa.
The first award will be made
this month to a member of the
class of '58 who has at least a
2.6 grade average and who has
demonstrate! outstanding leader
ship qualities both in the class
room and in extracurricular ac
tivities.
Application blanks may be ob
tained at the Dean of Men's of
fice.
Engineering and chemistry stu
dents who intend to pursue ca
reers in these fields may now
apply for the $1000 Scott Founda
tion Award, a new scholarship re
cently set up at Stanford by the
Scott Paper Co. Foundation of
Chester, Pa.
The first award will be made
this month to a member of the
class of '58 who has at least a
2.6 grade average and who has
demonstrate! outstanding leader
ship qualities both in the class
room and in extracurricular ac
tivities.
Application blanks may be ob
tained at the Dean of Men's of
fice.
Engineering and chemistry stu
dents who intend to pursue ca
reers in these fields may now
apply for the $1000 Scott Founda
tion Award, a new scholarship re
cently set up at Stanford by the
Scott Paper Co. Foundation of
Chester, Pa.
The first award will be made
this month to a member of the
class of '58 who has at least a
2.6 grade average and who has
demonstrate! outstanding leader
ship qualities both in the class
room and in extracurricular ac
tivities.
Application blanks may be ob
tained at the Dean of Men's of
fice.
Engineering and chemistry stu
dents who intend to pursue ca
reers in these fields may now
apply for the $1000 Scott Founda
tion Award, a new scholarship re
cently set up at Stanford by the
Scott Paper Co. Foundation of
Chester, Pa.
The first award will be made
this month to a member of the
class of '58 who has at least a
2.6 grade average and who has
demonstrate! outstanding leader
ship qualities both in the class
room and in extracurricular ac
tivities.
Application blanks may be ob
tained at the Dean of Men's of
fice.
Engineering and chemistry stu
dents who intend to pursue ca
reers in these fields may now
apply for the $1000 Scott Founda
tion Award, a new scholarship re
cently set up at Stanford by the
Scott Paper Co. Foundation of
Chester, Pa.
The first award will be made
this month to a member of the
class of '58 who has at least a
2.6 grade average and who has
demonstrate! outstanding leader
ship qualities both in the class
room and in extracurricular ac
tivities.
Application blanks may be ob
tained at the Dean of Men's of
fice.
Engineering and chemistry stu
dents who intend to pursue ca
reers in these fields may now
apply for the $1000 Scott Founda
tion Award, a new scholarship re
cently set up at Stanford by the
Scott Paper Co. Foundation of
Chester, Pa.
The first award will be made
this month to a member of the
class of '58 who has at least a
2.6 grade average and who has
demonstrate! outstanding leader
ship qualities both in the class
room and in extracurricular ac
tivities.
Application blanks may be ob
tained at the Dean of Men's of
fice.
Engineering and chemistry stu
dents who intend to pursue ca
reers in these fields may now
apply for the $1000 Scott Founda
tion Award, a new scholarship re
cently set up at Stanford by the
Scott Paper Co. Foundation of
Chester, Pa.
The first award will be made
this month to a member of the
class of '58 who has at least a
2.6 grade average and who has
demonstrate! outstanding leader
ship qualities both in the class
room and in extracurricular ac
tivities.
Application blanks may be ob
tained at the Dean of Men's of
fice.
Engineering and chemistry stu
dents who intend to pursue ca
reers in these fields may now
apply for the $1000 Scott Founda
tion Award, a new scholarship re
cently set up at Stanford by the
Scott Paper Co. Foundation of
Chester, Pa.
The first award will be made
this month to a member of the
class of '58 who has at least a
2.6 grade average and who has
demonstrate! outstanding leader
ship qualities both in the class
room and in extracurricular ac
tivities.
Application blanks may be ob
tained at the Dean of Men's of
fice.
Engineering and chemistry stu
dents who intend to pursue ca
reers in these fields may now
apply for the $1000 Scott Founda
tion Award, a new scholarship re
cently set up at Stanford by the
Scott Paper Co. Foundation of
Chester, Pa.
The first award will be made
this month to a member of the
class of '58 who has at least a
2.6 grade average and who has
demonstrate! outstanding leader
ship qualities both in the class
room and in extracurricular ac
tivities.
Application blanks may be ob
tained at the Dean of Men's of
fice.
Engineering and chemistry stu
dents who intend to pursue ca
reers in these fields may now
apply for the $1000 Scott Founda
tion Award, a new scholarship re
cently set up at Stanford by the
Scott Paper Co. Foundation of
Chester, Pa.
The first award will be made
this month to a member of the
class of '58 who has at least a
2.6 grade average and who has
demonstrate! outstanding leader
ship qualities both in the class
room and in extracurricular ac
tivities.
Application blanks may be ob
tained at the Dean of Men's of
fice.
Engineering and chemistry stu
dents who intend to pursue ca
reers in these fields may now
apply for the $1000 Scott Founda
tion Award, a new scholarship re
cently set up at Stanford by the
Scott Paper Co. Foundation of
Chester, Pa.
The first award will be made
this month to a member of the
class of '58 who has at least a
2.6 grade average and who has
demonstrate! outstanding leader
ship qualities both in the class
room and in extracurricular ac
tivities.
Application blanks may be ob
tained at the Dean of Men's of
fice.
Engineering and chemistry stu
dents who intend to pursue ca
reers in these fields may now
apply for the $1000 Scott Founda
tion Award, a new scholarship re
cently set up at Stanford by the
Scott Paper Co. Foundation of
Chester, Pa.
The first award will be made
this month to a member of the
class of '58 who has at least a
2.6 grade average and who has
demonstrate! outstanding leader
ship qualities both in the class
room and in extracurricular ac
tivities.
Application blanks may be ob
tained at the Dean of Men's of
fice.
Engineering and chemistry stu
dents who intend to pursue ca
reers in these fields may now
apply for the $1000 Scott Founda
tion Award, a new scholarship re
cently set up at Stanford by the
Scott Paper Co. Foundation of
Chester, Pa.
The first award will be made
this month to a member of the
class of '58 who has at least a
2.6 grade average and who has
demonstrate! outstanding leader
ship qualities both in the class
room and in extracurricular ac
tivities.
Application blanks may be ob
tained at the Dean of Men's of
fice.
