# MARTIN ROW IS VICTOR IN SUMMER TENNIS TOURNEY
## 
### 
Martin Row. '25, defeated Pen-
Tung Shah, '23, in the final match
of the summer tennis tournament,
6-2, 6-0. The match, played last
Saturday morning, proved to be a
walk-away for Row, as Sah had
played in the lower half of the
line-up, which contained weaker
players. Row was the winner of
the spring tournament held by
Sequoia Club, and Sah is one of
the best of the Stanford Chinese
players.
The winner received a tennis
racket offered by Spalding Bros,
of San Francisco.
Martin Row. '25, defeated Pen-
Tung Shah, '23, in the final match
of the summer tennis tournament,
6-2, 6-0. The match, played last
Saturday morning, proved to be a
walk-away for Row, as Sah had
played in the lower half of the
line-up, which contained weaker
players. Row was the winner of
the spring tournament held by
Sequoia Club, and Sah is one of
the best of the Stanford Chinese
players.
The winner received a tennis
racket offered by Spalding Bros,
of San Francisco.
Martin Row. '25, defeated Pen-
Tung Shah, '23, in the final match
of the summer tennis tournament,
6-2, 6-0. The match, played last
Saturday morning, proved to be a
walk-away for Row, as Sah had
played in the lower half of the
line-up, which contained weaker
players. Row was the winner of
the spring tournament held by
Sequoia Club, and Sah is one of
the best of the Stanford Chinese
players.
The winner received a tennis
racket offered by Spalding Bros,
of San Francisco.
Martin Row. '25, defeated Pen-
Tung Shah, '23, in the final match
of the summer tennis tournament,
6-2, 6-0. The match, played last
Saturday morning, proved to be a
walk-away for Row, as Sah had
played in the lower half of the
line-up, which contained weaker
players. Row was the winner of
the spring tournament held by
Sequoia Club, and Sah is one of
the best of the Stanford Chinese
players.
The winner received a tennis
racket offered by Spalding Bros,
of San Francisco.
Martin Row. '25, defeated Pen-
Tung Shah, '23, in the final match
of the summer tennis tournament,
6-2, 6-0. The match, played last
Saturday morning, proved to be a
walk-away for Row, as Sah had
played in the lower half of the
line-up, which contained weaker
players. Row was the winner of
the spring tournament held by
Sequoia Club, and Sah is one of
the best of the Stanford Chinese
players.
The winner received a tennis
racket offered by Spalding Bros,
of San Francisco.
Martin Row. '25, defeated Pen-
Tung Shah, '23, in the final match
of the summer tennis tournament,
6-2, 6-0. The match, played last
Saturday morning, proved to be a
walk-away for Row, as Sah had
played in the lower half of the
line-up, which contained weaker
players. Row was the winner of
the spring tournament held by
Sequoia Club, and Sah is one of
the best of the Stanford Chinese
players.
The winner received a tennis
racket offered by Spalding Bros,
of San Francisco.
Martin Row. '25, defeated Pen-
Tung Shah, '23, in the final match
of the summer tennis tournament,
6-2, 6-0. The match, played last
Saturday morning, proved to be a
walk-away for Row, as Sah had
played in the lower half of the
line-up, which contained weaker
players. Row was the winner of
the spring tournament held by
Sequoia Club, and Sah is one of
the best of the Stanford Chinese
players.
The winner received a tennis
racket offered by Spalding Bros,
of San Francisco.
Martin Row. '25, defeated Pen-
Tung Shah, '23, in the final match
of the summer tennis tournament,
6-2, 6-0. The match, played last
Saturday morning, proved to be a
walk-away for Row, as Sah had
played in the lower half of the
line-up, which contained weaker
players. Row was the winner of
the spring tournament held by
Sequoia Club, and Sah is one of
the best of the Stanford Chinese
players.
The winner received a tennis
racket offered by Spalding Bros,
of San Francisco.
Martin Row. '25, defeated Pen-
Tung Shah, '23, in the final match
of the summer tennis tournament,
6-2, 6-0. The match, played last
Saturday morning, proved to be a
walk-away for Row, as Sah had
played in the lower half of the
line-up, which contained weaker
players. Row was the winner of
the spring tournament held by
Sequoia Club, and Sah is one of
the best of the Stanford Chinese
players.
The winner received a tennis
racket offered by Spalding Bros,
of San Francisco.
Martin Row. '25, defeated Pen-
Tung Shah, '23, in the final match
of the summer tennis tournament,
6-2, 6-0. The match, played last
Saturday morning, proved to be a
walk-away for Row, as Sah had
played in the lower half of the
line-up, which contained weaker
players. Row was the winner of
the spring tournament held by
Sequoia Club, and Sah is one of
the best of the Stanford Chinese
players.
The winner received a tennis
racket offered by Spalding Bros,
of San Francisco.
Martin Row. '25, defeated Pen-
Tung Shah, '23, in the final match
of the summer tennis tournament,
6-2, 6-0. The match, played last
Saturday morning, proved to be a
walk-away for Row, as Sah had
played in the lower half of the
line-up, which contained weaker
players. Row was the winner of
the spring tournament held by
Sequoia Club, and Sah is one of
the best of the Stanford Chinese
players.
The winner received a tennis
racket offered by Spalding Bros,
of San Francisco.
Martin Row. '25, defeated Pen-
Tung Shah, '23, in the final match
of the summer tennis tournament,
6-2, 6-0. The match, played last
Saturday morning, proved to be a
walk-away for Row, as Sah had
played in the lower half of the
line-up, which contained weaker
players. Row was the winner of
the spring tournament held by
Sequoia Club, and Sah is one of
the best of the Stanford Chinese
players.
The winner received a tennis
racket offered by Spalding Bros,
of San Francisco.
Martin Row. '25, defeated Pen-
Tung Shah, '23, in the final match
of the summer tennis tournament,
6-2, 6-0. The match, played last
Saturday morning, proved to be a
walk-away for Row, as Sah had
played in the lower half of the
line-up, which contained weaker
players. Row was the winner of
the spring tournament held by
Sequoia Club, and Sah is one of
the best of the Stanford Chinese
players.
The winner received a tennis
racket offered by Spalding Bros,
of San Francisco.
Martin Row. '25, defeated Pen-
Tung Shah, '23, in the final match
of the summer tennis tournament,
6-2, 6-0. The match, played last
Saturday morning, proved to be a
walk-away for Row, as Sah had
played in the lower half of the
line-up, which contained weaker
players. Row was the winner of
the spring tournament held by
Sequoia Club, and Sah is one of
the best of the Stanford Chinese
players.
The winner received a tennis
racket offered by Spalding Bros,
of San Francisco.
Martin Row. '25, defeated Pen-
Tung Shah, '23, in the final match
of the summer tennis tournament,
6-2, 6-0. The match, played last
Saturday morning, proved to be a
walk-away for Row, as Sah had
played in the lower half of the
line-up, which contained weaker
players. Row was the winner of
the spring tournament held by
Sequoia Club, and Sah is one of
the best of the Stanford Chinese
players.
The winner received a tennis
racket offered by Spalding Bros,
of San Francisco.
