# SJS Soccermen Edge Indians, 2-1
## 
### 
Stanford's soccer team, com
pletely dominating play Satur
day, lost a heart-breaking 2-1 de
cision to San Jose State. The Car
dinals took 39 shots in scoring
once, while the Spartans only
managed six shots.
For Sail Jose Ted Vorshall
slammed the first counter into
the net early in the first quarter.
All-conference hack Tony Critelli
boomed a long pass from deep in
his own territory that inside
right Estroda took on the run
and tallied the second point.
Stanford pressed from then on,
but could only garner a single
score. Not until the fourth quar
ter, however, did the Cards tally
with Ben Pentsil adding the point
with a fine left-footed shot.
