# Varsity Defeats Santa Clara.
## 
### 
The Varsity team was victorious
Saturday by a score of 7 to over
Santa Clara on the San Jose
grounds. This makes two out of
three games for the Stanford men,
all of them having been close and
exciting. The piny Saturday was
good as a whole, only one man

making errors for the Varsity.
Their batting was not strong, how
ever, and must show an improve
ment before the intercollegiate
games. The sensational play of
the day was a home run by
Symonds early in the game which
brought in two men and gave Stan
ford a lead which was not again
lost.
Wednesday the Varsity will meet
the team of St. Mary's College.
This should prove an interesting
game, as St. Mary's has one of the
strongest teams on the Coast. It
will be the only game on the cam
pus this week, and also the only
game with St. Mary's this year.
The Varsity team was victorious
Saturday by a score of 7 to over
Santa Clara on the San Jose
grounds. This makes two out of
three games for the Stanford men,
all of them having been close and
exciting. The piny Saturday was
good as a whole, only one man

making errors for the Varsity.
Their batting was not strong, how
ever, and must show an improve
ment before the intercollegiate
games. The sensational play of
the day was a home run by
Symonds early in the game which
brought in two men and gave Stan
ford a lead which was not again
lost.
Wednesday the Varsity will meet
the team of St. Mary's College.
This should prove an interesting
game, as St. Mary's has one of the
strongest teams on the Coast. It
will be the only game on the cam
pus this week, and also the only
game with St. Mary's this year.
The Varsity team was victorious
Saturday by a score of 7 to over
Santa Clara on the San Jose
grounds. This makes two out of
three games for the Stanford men,
all of them having been close and
exciting. The piny Saturday was
good as a whole, only one man

making errors for the Varsity.
Their batting was not strong, how
ever, and must show an improve
ment before the intercollegiate
games. The sensational play of
the day was a home run by
Symonds early in the game which
brought in two men and gave Stan
ford a lead which was not again
lost.
Wednesday the Varsity will meet
the team of St. Mary's College.
This should prove an interesting
game, as St. Mary's has one of the
strongest teams on the Coast. It
will be the only game on the cam
pus this week, and also the only
game with St. Mary's this year.
The Varsity team was victorious
Saturday by a score of 7 to over
Santa Clara on the San Jose
grounds. This makes two out of
three games for the Stanford men,
all of them having been close and
exciting. The piny Saturday was
good as a whole, only one man

making errors for the Varsity.
Their batting was not strong, how
ever, and must show an improve
ment before the intercollegiate
games. The sensational play of
the day was a home run by
Symonds early in the game which
brought in two men and gave Stan
ford a lead which was not again
lost.
Wednesday the Varsity will meet
the team of St. Mary's College.
This should prove an interesting
game, as St. Mary's has one of the
strongest teams on the Coast. It
will be the only game on the cam
pus this week, and also the only
game with St. Mary's this year.
The Varsity team was victorious
Saturday by a score of 7 to over
Santa Clara on the San Jose
grounds. This makes two out of
three games for the Stanford men,
all of them having been close and
exciting. The piny Saturday was
good as a whole, only one man

making errors for the Varsity.
Their batting was not strong, how
ever, and must show an improve
ment before the intercollegiate
games. The sensational play of
the day was a home run by
Symonds early in the game which
brought in two men and gave Stan
ford a lead which was not again
lost.
Wednesday the Varsity will meet
the team of St. Mary's College.
This should prove an interesting
game, as St. Mary's has one of the
strongest teams on the Coast. It
will be the only game on the cam
pus this week, and also the only
game with St. Mary's this year.
The Varsity team was victorious
Saturday by a score of 7 to over
Santa Clara on the San Jose
grounds. This makes two out of
three games for the Stanford men,
all of them having been close and
exciting. The piny Saturday was
good as a whole, only one man

making errors for the Varsity.
Their batting was not strong, how
ever, and must show an improve
ment before the intercollegiate
games. The sensational play of
the day was a home run by
Symonds early in the game which
brought in two men and gave Stan
ford a lead which was not again
lost.
Wednesday the Varsity will meet
the team of St. Mary's College.
This should prove an interesting
game, as St. Mary's has one of the
strongest teams on the Coast. It
will be the only game on the cam
pus this week, and also the only
game with St. Mary's this year.
The Varsity team was victorious
Saturday by a score of 7 to over
Santa Clara on the San Jose
grounds. This makes two out of
three games for the Stanford men,
all of them having been close and
exciting. The piny Saturday was
good as a whole, only one man

making errors for the Varsity.
Their batting was not strong, how
ever, and must show an improve
ment before the intercollegiate
games. The sensational play of
the day was a home run by
Symonds early in the game which
brought in two men and gave Stan
ford a lead which was not again
lost.
Wednesday the Varsity will meet
the team of St. Mary's College.
This should prove an interesting
game, as St. Mary's has one of the
strongest teams on the Coast. It
will be the only game on the cam
pus this week, and also the only
game with St. Mary's this year.
