# Untitled Article
## 
### 
We respectfully suggest that ill
large classes, especially those held
in the chapel, the women of the
University cultivate the practice of
removing their hats. It would but
slightly inconvenience them and
would remove a considerable com
plaint on the partof other students.
We respectfully suggest that ill
large classes, especially those held
in the chapel, the women of the
University cultivate the practice of
removing their hats. It would but
slightly inconvenience them and
would remove a considerable com
plaint on the partof other students.
We respectfully suggest that ill
large classes, especially those held
in the chapel, the women of the
University cultivate the practice of
removing their hats. It would but
slightly inconvenience them and
would remove a considerable com
plaint on the partof other students.
We respectfully suggest that ill
large classes, especially those held
in the chapel, the women of the
University cultivate the practice of
removing their hats. It would but
slightly inconvenience them and
would remove a considerable com
plaint on the partof other students.
We respectfully suggest that ill
large classes, especially those held
in the chapel, the women of the
University cultivate the practice of
removing their hats. It would but
slightly inconvenience them and
would remove a considerable com
plaint on the partof other students.
We respectfully suggest that ill
large classes, especially those held
in the chapel, the women of the
University cultivate the practice of
removing their hats. It would but
slightly inconvenience them and
would remove a considerable com
plaint on the partof other students.
We respectfully suggest that ill
large classes, especially those held
in the chapel, the women of the
University cultivate the practice of
removing their hats. It would but
slightly inconvenience them and
would remove a considerable com
plaint on the partof other students.
