# R.L. Adams to Address C.E. Society.
## 
### 
R. L. Adams of San Francisco, an
authority on the valuation of water
works, will lecture soon after the va
cation to the Civil Engineering Society
on Water Litigations in California.
This makes the third of a series of
talks under this head which the same
speaker has given.
R. L. Adams of San Francisco, an
authority on the valuation of water
works, will lecture soon after the va
cation to the Civil Engineering Society
on Water Litigations in California.
This makes the third of a series of
talks under this head which the same
speaker has given.
R. L. Adams of San Francisco, an
authority on the valuation of water
works, will lecture soon after the va
cation to the Civil Engineering Society
on Water Litigations in California.
This makes the third of a series of
talks under this head which the same
speaker has given.
R. L. Adams of San Francisco, an
authority on the valuation of water
works, will lecture soon after the va
cation to the Civil Engineering Society
on Water Litigations in California.
This makes the third of a series of
talks under this head which the same
speaker has given.
R. L. Adams of San Francisco, an
authority on the valuation of water
works, will lecture soon after the va
cation to the Civil Engineering Society
on Water Litigations in California.
This makes the third of a series of
talks under this head which the same
speaker has given.
R. L. Adams of San Francisco, an
authority on the valuation of water
works, will lecture soon after the va
cation to the Civil Engineering Society
on Water Litigations in California.
This makes the third of a series of
talks under this head which the same
speaker has given.
R. L. Adams of San Francisco, an
authority on the valuation of water
works, will lecture soon after the va
cation to the Civil Engineering Society
on Water Litigations in California.
This makes the third of a series of
talks under this head which the same
speaker has given.
R. L. Adams of San Francisco, an
authority on the valuation of water
works, will lecture soon after the va
cation to the Civil Engineering Society
on Water Litigations in California.
This makes the third of a series of
talks under this head which the same
speaker has given.
R. L. Adams of San Francisco, an
authority on the valuation of water
works, will lecture soon after the va
cation to the Civil Engineering Society
on Water Litigations in California.
This makes the third of a series of
talks under this head which the same
speaker has given.
R. L. Adams of San Francisco, an
authority on the valuation of water
works, will lecture soon after the va
cation to the Civil Engineering Society
on Water Litigations in California.
This makes the third of a series of
talks under this head which the same
speaker has given.
R. L. Adams of San Francisco, an
authority on the valuation of water
works, will lecture soon after the va
cation to the Civil Engineering Society
on Water Litigations in California.
This makes the third of a series of
talks under this head which the same
speaker has given.
R. L. Adams of San Francisco, an
authority on the valuation of water
works, will lecture soon after the va
cation to the Civil Engineering Society
on Water Litigations in California.
This makes the third of a series of
talks under this head which the same
speaker has given.
R. L. Adams of San Francisco, an
authority on the valuation of water
works, will lecture soon after the va
cation to the Civil Engineering Society
on Water Litigations in California.
This makes the third of a series of
talks under this head which the same
speaker has given.
