# Robleites To Give Informal Dance
## 
### 
''Tropical Night" is the theme fin
ally chosen by Robleites for their
spring supper informal, to be held
tomorrow night from 6:45 to 12
o'clock in Roble Hall.
Virginia McCloskey heads the
dance committee, which includes
Sally Holt, Jean Bolton, Connie
Crommelin, Jane Eaton, Helen
Isaacs, Audis Davis, and Betty Kline.
Patrons and patronesses will be
Mrs. Leona B. Diekema, Mr. John
Sellards, Mr. and Mrs. Norris Brad
bury, Mr. and Mrs. E. Wallace Ster
ling, and Mr. and Mrs. Charles
Roth well.
Roble's annual faculty tea will be
held Sunday, from 4:30 to 6:30
o'clock. More than half the girls
in the hall will serve or in some
way participate in the affair.
