# Industry Heads Picked To Aid Business School
## 
### 
Top-flighters in American industry
from radio broadcasting to banking
will help Stanford business school
students iron out their academic
troubles, the Board of Trustees de
cided yesterday at their monthly
meeting.
Twelve men, all of them ranking
executives of state and national cor
porations, will serve in a consulta
tive capacity for three years begin
ning in September. They are: James
B. Black, president, Pacific Gas and
Electric Co., consulting professor of
public utility management; Ralph K.
Davies, vice-president, Standard Oil
Co. of California, consulting profes
sor of marketing; Don E. Gilman,
vice-president, National Broadcast
ing Co., Inc., consulting professor
of business management; H. King
Hathaway, consulting engineer and
former associate of Fred W. Tay
lor, consulting professor of indus
trial management; Maurice E. Lom

i bardi, director, Standard Oil Co.,
consulting professor of industrial re
-1 lations; Arthur H. Young, vice-presi
dent, United States Steel Corp., con
sulting professor of industrial rela
tions.
Albert H. Baker, vice-presi
dent, Simmons Co., associate con
sulting professor of business man
agement; Mortimer Fleishhacker,
Anglo-California National Bank, as
sociate consulting professor of bank
ing: Richard Hilliard, vice-president,
The Parafiine Companies. Inc., asso
! ciate consulting professor of sales
management; William Herbert Carr,
general auditor, Yosemite Park &
Curry Co., assistant consulting pro
fessor of accounting; Douglas R. Ful
ler. assistant vice-president, North
American Investment Corp., consult
ing instructor in finance; Benjamin
T. Warren, chief industrial engineer,
Columbia Steel Co., consulting in
l.structor in industrial management.
Top-flighters in American industry
from radio broadcasting to banking
will help Stanford business school
students iron out their academic
troubles, the Board of Trustees de
cided yesterday at their monthly
meeting.
Twelve men, all of them ranking
executives of state and national cor
porations, will serve in a consulta
tive capacity for three years begin
ning in September. They are: James
B. Black, president, Pacific Gas and
Electric Co., consulting professor of
public utility management; Ralph K.
Davies, vice-president, Standard Oil
Co. of California, consulting profes
sor of marketing; Don E. Gilman,
vice-president, National Broadcast
ing Co., Inc., consulting professor
of business management; H. King
Hathaway, consulting engineer and
former associate of Fred W. Tay
lor, consulting professor of indus
trial management; Maurice E. Lom

i bardi, director, Standard Oil Co.,
consulting professor of industrial re
-1 lations; Arthur H. Young, vice-presi
dent, United States Steel Corp., con
sulting professor of industrial rela
tions.
Albert H. Baker, vice-presi
dent, Simmons Co., associate con
sulting professor of business man
agement; Mortimer Fleishhacker,
Anglo-California National Bank, as
sociate consulting professor of bank
ing: Richard Hilliard, vice-president,
The Parafiine Companies. Inc., asso
! ciate consulting professor of sales
management; William Herbert Carr,
general auditor, Yosemite Park &
Curry Co., assistant consulting pro
fessor of accounting; Douglas R. Ful
ler. assistant vice-president, North
American Investment Corp., consult
ing instructor in finance; Benjamin
T. Warren, chief industrial engineer,
Columbia Steel Co., consulting in
l.structor in industrial management.
Top-flighters in American industry
from radio broadcasting to banking
will help Stanford business school
students iron out their academic
troubles, the Board of Trustees de
cided yesterday at their monthly
meeting.
Twelve men, all of them ranking
executives of state and national cor
porations, will serve in a consulta
tive capacity for three years begin
ning in September. They are: James
B. Black, president, Pacific Gas and
Electric Co., consulting professor of
public utility management; Ralph K.
Davies, vice-president, Standard Oil
Co. of California, consulting profes
sor of marketing; Don E. Gilman,
vice-president, National Broadcast
ing Co., Inc., consulting professor
of business management; H. King
Hathaway, consulting engineer and
former associate of Fred W. Tay
lor, consulting professor of indus
trial management; Maurice E. Lom

i bardi, director, Standard Oil Co.,
consulting professor of industrial re
-1 lations; Arthur H. Young, vice-presi
dent, United States Steel Corp., con
sulting professor of industrial rela
tions.
Albert H. Baker, vice-presi
dent, Simmons Co., associate con
sulting professor of business man
agement; Mortimer Fleishhacker,
Anglo-California National Bank, as
sociate consulting professor of bank
ing: Richard Hilliard, vice-president,
The Parafiine Companies. Inc., asso
! ciate consulting professor of sales
management; William Herbert Carr,
general auditor, Yosemite Park &
Curry Co., assistant consulting pro
fessor of accounting; Douglas R. Ful
ler. assistant vice-president, North
American Investment Corp., consult
ing instructor in finance; Benjamin
T. Warren, chief industrial engineer,
Columbia Steel Co., consulting in
l.structor in industrial management.
Top-flighters in American industry
from radio broadcasting to banking
will help Stanford business school
students iron out their academic
troubles, the Board of Trustees de
cided yesterday at their monthly
meeting.
Twelve men, all of them ranking
executives of state and national cor
porations, will serve in a consulta
tive capacity for three years begin
ning in September. They are: James
B. Black, president, Pacific Gas and
Electric Co., consulting professor of
public utility management; Ralph K.
Davies, vice-president, Standard Oil
Co. of California, consulting profes
sor of marketing; Don E. Gilman,
vice-president, National Broadcast
ing Co., Inc., consulting professor
of business management; H. King
Hathaway, consulting engineer and
former associate of Fred W. Tay
lor, consulting professor of indus
trial management; Maurice E. Lom

i bardi, director, Standard Oil Co.,
consulting professor of industrial re
-1 lations; Arthur H. Young, vice-presi
dent, United States Steel Corp., con
sulting professor of industrial rela
tions.
Albert H. Baker, vice-presi
dent, Simmons Co., associate con
sulting professor of business man
agement; Mortimer Fleishhacker,
Anglo-California National Bank, as
sociate consulting professor of bank
ing: Richard Hilliard, vice-president,
The Parafiine Companies. Inc., asso
! ciate consulting professor of sales
management; William Herbert Carr,
general auditor, Yosemite Park &
Curry Co., assistant consulting pro
fessor of accounting; Douglas R. Ful
ler. assistant vice-president, North
American Investment Corp., consult
ing instructor in finance; Benjamin
T. Warren, chief industrial engineer,
Columbia Steel Co., consulting in
l.structor in industrial management.
Top-flighters in American industry
from radio broadcasting to banking
will help Stanford business school
students iron out their academic
troubles, the Board of Trustees de
cided yesterday at their monthly
meeting.
Twelve men, all of them ranking
executives of state and national cor
porations, will serve in a consulta
tive capacity for three years begin
ning in September. They are: James
B. Black, president, Pacific Gas and
Electric Co., consulting professor of
public utility management; Ralph K.
Davies, vice-president, Standard Oil
Co. of California, consulting profes
sor of marketing; Don E. Gilman,
vice-president, National Broadcast
ing Co., Inc., consulting professor
of business management; H. King
Hathaway, consulting engineer and
former associate of Fred W. Tay
lor, consulting professor of indus
trial management; Maurice E. Lom

i bardi, director, Standard Oil Co.,
consulting professor of industrial re
-1 lations; Arthur H. Young, vice-presi
dent, United States Steel Corp., con
sulting professor of industrial rela
tions.
Albert H. Baker, vice-presi
dent, Simmons Co., associate con
sulting professor of business man
agement; Mortimer Fleishhacker,
Anglo-California National Bank, as
sociate consulting professor of bank
ing: Richard Hilliard, vice-president,
The Parafiine Companies. Inc., asso
! ciate consulting professor of sales
management; William Herbert Carr,
general auditor, Yosemite Park &
Curry Co., assistant consulting pro
fessor of accounting; Douglas R. Ful
ler. assistant vice-president, North
American Investment Corp., consult
ing instructor in finance; Benjamin
T. Warren, chief industrial engineer,
Columbia Steel Co., consulting in
l.structor in industrial management.
Top-flighters in American industry
from radio broadcasting to banking
will help Stanford business school
students iron out their academic
troubles, the Board of Trustees de
cided yesterday at their monthly
meeting.
Twelve men, all of them ranking
executives of state and national cor
porations, will serve in a consulta
tive capacity for three years begin
ning in September. They are: James
B. Black, president, Pacific Gas and
Electric Co., consulting professor of
public utility management; Ralph K.
Davies, vice-president, Standard Oil
Co. of California, consulting profes
sor of marketing; Don E. Gilman,
vice-president, National Broadcast
ing Co., Inc., consulting professor
of business management; H. King
Hathaway, consulting engineer and
former associate of Fred W. Tay
lor, consulting professor of indus
trial management; Maurice E. Lom

i bardi, director, Standard Oil Co.,
consulting professor of industrial re
-1 lations; Arthur H. Young, vice-presi
dent, United States Steel Corp., con
sulting professor of industrial rela
tions.
Albert H. Baker, vice-presi
dent, Simmons Co., associate con
sulting professor of business man
agement; Mortimer Fleishhacker,
Anglo-California National Bank, as
sociate consulting professor of bank
ing: Richard Hilliard, vice-president,
The Parafiine Companies. Inc., asso
! ciate consulting professor of sales
management; William Herbert Carr,
general auditor, Yosemite Park &
Curry Co., assistant consulting pro
fessor of accounting; Douglas R. Ful
ler. assistant vice-president, North
American Investment Corp., consult
ing instructor in finance; Benjamin
T. Warren, chief industrial engineer,
Columbia Steel Co., consulting in
l.structor in industrial management.
Top-flighters in American industry
from radio broadcasting to banking
will help Stanford business school
students iron out their academic
troubles, the Board of Trustees de
cided yesterday at their monthly
meeting.
Twelve men, all of them ranking
executives of state and national cor
porations, will serve in a consulta
tive capacity for three years begin
ning in September. They are: James
B. Black, president, Pacific Gas and
Electric Co., consulting professor of
public utility management; Ralph K.
Davies, vice-president, Standard Oil
Co. of California, consulting profes
sor of marketing; Don E. Gilman,
vice-president, National Broadcast
ing Co., Inc., consulting professor
of business management; H. King
Hathaway, consulting engineer and
former associate of Fred W. Tay
lor, consulting professor of indus
trial management; Maurice E. Lom

i bardi, director, Standard Oil Co.,
consulting professor of industrial re
-1 lations; Arthur H. Young, vice-presi
dent, United States Steel Corp., con
sulting professor of industrial rela
tions.
Albert H. Baker, vice-presi
dent, Simmons Co., associate con
sulting professor of business man
agement; Mortimer Fleishhacker,
Anglo-California National Bank, as
sociate consulting professor of bank
ing: Richard Hilliard, vice-president,
The Parafiine Companies. Inc., asso
! ciate consulting professor of sales
management; William Herbert Carr,
general auditor, Yosemite Park &
Curry Co., assistant consulting pro
fessor of accounting; Douglas R. Ful
ler. assistant vice-president, North
American Investment Corp., consult
ing instructor in finance; Benjamin
T. Warren, chief industrial engineer,
Columbia Steel Co., consulting in
l.structor in industrial management.
Top-flighters in American industry
from radio broadcasting to banking
will help Stanford business school
students iron out their academic
troubles, the Board of Trustees de
cided yesterday at their monthly
meeting.
Twelve men, all of them ranking
executives of state and national cor
porations, will serve in a consulta
tive capacity for three years begin
ning in September. They are: James
B. Black, president, Pacific Gas and
Electric Co., consulting professor of
public utility management; Ralph K.
Davies, vice-president, Standard Oil
Co. of California, consulting profes
sor of marketing; Don E. Gilman,
vice-president, National Broadcast
ing Co., Inc., consulting professor
of business management; H. King
Hathaway, consulting engineer and
former associate of Fred W. Tay
lor, consulting professor of indus
trial management; Maurice E. Lom

i bardi, director, Standard Oil Co.,
consulting professor of industrial re
-1 lations; Arthur H. Young, vice-presi
dent, United States Steel Corp., con
sulting professor of industrial rela
tions.
Albert H. Baker, vice-presi
dent, Simmons Co., associate con
sulting professor of business man
agement; Mortimer Fleishhacker,
Anglo-California National Bank, as
sociate consulting professor of bank
ing: Richard Hilliard, vice-president,
The Parafiine Companies. Inc., asso
! ciate consulting professor of sales
management; William Herbert Carr,
general auditor, Yosemite Park &
Curry Co., assistant consulting pro
fessor of accounting; Douglas R. Ful
ler. assistant vice-president, North
American Investment Corp., consult
ing instructor in finance; Benjamin
T. Warren, chief industrial engineer,
Columbia Steel Co., consulting in
l.structor in industrial management.
Top-flighters in American industry
from radio broadcasting to banking
will help Stanford business school
students iron out their academic
troubles, the Board of Trustees de
cided yesterday at their monthly
meeting.
Twelve men, all of them ranking
executives of state and national cor
porations, will serve in a consulta
tive capacity for three years begin
ning in September. They are: James
B. Black, president, Pacific Gas and
Electric Co., consulting professor of
public utility management; Ralph K.
Davies, vice-president, Standard Oil
Co. of California, consulting profes
sor of marketing; Don E. Gilman,
vice-president, National Broadcast
ing Co., Inc., consulting professor
of business management; H. King
Hathaway, consulting engineer and
former associate of Fred W. Tay
lor, consulting professor of indus
trial management; Maurice E. Lom

i bardi, director, Standard Oil Co.,
consulting professor of industrial re
-1 lations; Arthur H. Young, vice-presi
dent, United States Steel Corp., con
sulting professor of industrial rela
tions.
Albert H. Baker, vice-presi
dent, Simmons Co., associate con
sulting professor of business man
agement; Mortimer Fleishhacker,
Anglo-California National Bank, as
sociate consulting professor of bank
ing: Richard Hilliard, vice-president,
The Parafiine Companies. Inc., asso
! ciate consulting professor of sales
management; William Herbert Carr,
general auditor, Yosemite Park &
Curry Co., assistant consulting pro
fessor of accounting; Douglas R. Ful
ler. assistant vice-president, North
American Investment Corp., consult
ing instructor in finance; Benjamin
T. Warren, chief industrial engineer,
Columbia Steel Co., consulting in
l.structor in industrial management.
Top-flighters in American industry
from radio broadcasting to banking
will help Stanford business school
students iron out their academic
troubles, the Board of Trustees de
cided yesterday at their monthly
meeting.
Twelve men, all of them ranking
executives of state and national cor
porations, will serve in a consulta
tive capacity for three years begin
ning in September. They are: James
B. Black, president, Pacific Gas and
Electric Co., consulting professor of
public utility management; Ralph K.
Davies, vice-president, Standard Oil
Co. of California, consulting profes
sor of marketing; Don E. Gilman,
vice-president, National Broadcast
ing Co., Inc., consulting professor
of business management; H. King
Hathaway, consulting engineer and
former associate of Fred W. Tay
lor, consulting professor of indus
trial management; Maurice E. Lom

i bardi, director, Standard Oil Co.,
consulting professor of industrial re
-1 lations; Arthur H. Young, vice-presi
dent, United States Steel Corp., con
sulting professor of industrial rela
tions.
Albert H. Baker, vice-presi
dent, Simmons Co., associate con
sulting professor of business man
agement; Mortimer Fleishhacker,
Anglo-California National Bank, as
sociate consulting professor of bank
ing: Richard Hilliard, vice-president,
The Parafiine Companies. Inc., asso
! ciate consulting professor of sales
management; William Herbert Carr,
general auditor, Yosemite Park &
Curry Co., assistant consulting pro
fessor of accounting; Douglas R. Ful
ler. assistant vice-president, North
American Investment Corp., consult
ing instructor in finance; Benjamin
T. Warren, chief industrial engineer,
Columbia Steel Co., consulting in
l.structor in industrial management.
Top-flighters in American industry
from radio broadcasting to banking
will help Stanford business school
students iron out their academic
troubles, the Board of Trustees de
cided yesterday at their monthly
meeting.
Twelve men, all of them ranking
executives of state and national cor
porations, will serve in a consulta
tive capacity for three years begin
ning in September. They are: James
B. Black, president, Pacific Gas and
Electric Co., consulting professor of
public utility management; Ralph K.
Davies, vice-president, Standard Oil
Co. of California, consulting profes
sor of marketing; Don E. Gilman,
vice-president, National Broadcast
ing Co., Inc., consulting professor
of business management; H. King
Hathaway, consulting engineer and
former associate of Fred W. Tay
lor, consulting professor of indus
trial management; Maurice E. Lom

i bardi, director, Standard Oil Co.,
consulting professor of industrial re
-1 lations; Arthur H. Young, vice-presi
dent, United States Steel Corp., con
sulting professor of industrial rela
tions.
Albert H. Baker, vice-presi
dent, Simmons Co., associate con
sulting professor of business man
agement; Mortimer Fleishhacker,
Anglo-California National Bank, as
sociate consulting professor of bank
ing: Richard Hilliard, vice-president,
The Parafiine Companies. Inc., asso
! ciate consulting professor of sales
management; William Herbert Carr,
general auditor, Yosemite Park &
Curry Co., assistant consulting pro
fessor of accounting; Douglas R. Ful
ler. assistant vice-president, North
American Investment Corp., consult
ing instructor in finance; Benjamin
T. Warren, chief industrial engineer,
Columbia Steel Co., consulting in
l.structor in industrial management.
Top-flighters in American industry
from radio broadcasting to banking
will help Stanford business school
students iron out their academic
troubles, the Board of Trustees de
cided yesterday at their monthly
meeting.
Twelve men, all of them ranking
executives of state and national cor
porations, will serve in a consulta
tive capacity for three years begin
ning in September. They are: James
B. Black, president, Pacific Gas and
Electric Co., consulting professor of
public utility management; Ralph K.
Davies, vice-president, Standard Oil
Co. of California, consulting profes
sor of marketing; Don E. Gilman,
vice-president, National Broadcast
ing Co., Inc., consulting professor
of business management; H. King
Hathaway, consulting engineer and
former associate of Fred W. Tay
lor, consulting professor of indus
trial management; Maurice E. Lom

i bardi, director, Standard Oil Co.,
consulting professor of industrial re
-1 lations; Arthur H. Young, vice-presi
dent, United States Steel Corp., con
sulting professor of industrial rela
tions.
Albert H. Baker, vice-presi
dent, Simmons Co., associate con
sulting professor of business man
agement; Mortimer Fleishhacker,
Anglo-California National Bank, as
sociate consulting professor of bank
ing: Richard Hilliard, vice-president,
The Parafiine Companies. Inc., asso
! ciate consulting professor of sales
management; William Herbert Carr,
general auditor, Yosemite Park &
Curry Co., assistant consulting pro
fessor of accounting; Douglas R. Ful
ler. assistant vice-president, North
American Investment Corp., consult
ing instructor in finance; Benjamin
T. Warren, chief industrial engineer,
Columbia Steel Co., consulting in
l.structor in industrial management.
Top-flighters in American industry
from radio broadcasting to banking
will help Stanford business school
students iron out their academic
troubles, the Board of Trustees de
cided yesterday at their monthly
meeting.
Twelve men, all of them ranking
executives of state and national cor
porations, will serve in a consulta
tive capacity for three years begin
ning in September. They are: James
B. Black, president, Pacific Gas and
Electric Co., consulting professor of
public utility management; Ralph K.
Davies, vice-president, Standard Oil
Co. of California, consulting profes
sor of marketing; Don E. Gilman,
vice-president, National Broadcast
ing Co., Inc., consulting professor
of business management; H. King
Hathaway, consulting engineer and
former associate of Fred W. Tay
lor, consulting professor of indus
trial management; Maurice E. Lom

i bardi, director, Standard Oil Co.,
consulting professor of industrial re
-1 lations; Arthur H. Young, vice-presi
dent, United States Steel Corp., con
sulting professor of industrial rela
tions.
Albert H. Baker, vice-presi
dent, Simmons Co., associate con
sulting professor of business man
agement; Mortimer Fleishhacker,
Anglo-California National Bank, as
sociate consulting professor of bank
ing: Richard Hilliard, vice-president,
The Parafiine Companies. Inc., asso
! ciate consulting professor of sales
management; William Herbert Carr,
general auditor, Yosemite Park &
Curry Co., assistant consulting pro
fessor of accounting; Douglas R. Ful
ler. assistant vice-president, North
American Investment Corp., consult
ing instructor in finance; Benjamin
T. Warren, chief industrial engineer,
Columbia Steel Co., consulting in
l.structor in industrial management.
Top-flighters in American industry
from radio broadcasting to banking
will help Stanford business school
students iron out their academic
troubles, the Board of Trustees de
cided yesterday at their monthly
meeting.
Twelve men, all of them ranking
executives of state and national cor
porations, will serve in a consulta
tive capacity for three years begin
ning in September. They are: James
B. Black, president, Pacific Gas and
Electric Co., consulting professor of
public utility management; Ralph K.
Davies, vice-president, Standard Oil
Co. of California, consulting profes
sor of marketing; Don E. Gilman,
vice-president, National Broadcast
ing Co., Inc., consulting professor
of business management; H. King
Hathaway, consulting engineer and
former associate of Fred W. Tay
lor, consulting professor of indus
trial management; Maurice E. Lom

i bardi, director, Standard Oil Co.,
consulting professor of industrial re
-1 lations; Arthur H. Young, vice-presi
dent, United States Steel Corp., con
sulting professor of industrial rela
tions.
Albert H. Baker, vice-presi
dent, Simmons Co., associate con
sulting professor of business man
agement; Mortimer Fleishhacker,
Anglo-California National Bank, as
sociate consulting professor of bank
ing: Richard Hilliard, vice-president,
The Parafiine Companies. Inc., asso
! ciate consulting professor of sales
management; William Herbert Carr,
general auditor, Yosemite Park &
Curry Co., assistant consulting pro
fessor of accounting; Douglas R. Ful
ler. assistant vice-president, North
American Investment Corp., consult
ing instructor in finance; Benjamin
T. Warren, chief industrial engineer,
Columbia Steel Co., consulting in
l.structor in industrial management.
Top-flighters in American industry
from radio broadcasting to banking
will help Stanford business school
students iron out their academic
troubles, the Board of Trustees de
cided yesterday at their monthly
meeting.
Twelve men, all of them ranking
executives of state and national cor
porations, will serve in a consulta
tive capacity for three years begin
ning in September. They are: James
B. Black, president, Pacific Gas and
Electric Co., consulting professor of
public utility management; Ralph K.
Davies, vice-president, Standard Oil
Co. of California, consulting profes
sor of marketing; Don E. Gilman,
vice-president, National Broadcast
ing Co., Inc., consulting professor
of business management; H. King
Hathaway, consulting engineer and
former associate of Fred W. Tay
lor, consulting professor of indus
trial management; Maurice E. Lom

i bardi, director, Standard Oil Co.,
consulting professor of industrial re
-1 lations; Arthur H. Young, vice-presi
dent, United States Steel Corp., con
sulting professor of industrial rela
tions.
Albert H. Baker, vice-presi
dent, Simmons Co., associate con
sulting professor of business man
agement; Mortimer Fleishhacker,
Anglo-California National Bank, as
sociate consulting professor of bank
ing: Richard Hilliard, vice-president,
The Parafiine Companies. Inc., asso
! ciate consulting professor of sales
management; William Herbert Carr,
general auditor, Yosemite Park &
Curry Co., assistant consulting pro
fessor of accounting; Douglas R. Ful
ler. assistant vice-president, North
American Investment Corp., consult
ing instructor in finance; Benjamin
T. Warren, chief industrial engineer,
Columbia Steel Co., consulting in
l.structor in industrial management.
