# DOWN
## 
### 
I—Short nail
2—Admitted water
3—Protecting mantle ol
Minerva
4—Explode suddenly
6—Boft, wet ground
•—Variegated waxy
quartz
7—Hying device

B—First woman
9—Having soothing
tendency
10—East-Indian herb
11—Of eager appetite
12—Donate to
13—Biblical kingdom
south ot Assyria
21—Standing by Uself
23—Sand-like mountain
snow iFrenchi
23 -Decree of Sublime
Porte iTurklshl
26—Former Spanish sea
port
27—Bring Into line
28—More courageous
29—Operate vehicle
30—Ghastly and sensa
tional
31—Best people
32—Stop
34 —Newly married wo
man
37—Appeased
38—Explosive missile?
40 —Burden of responsi
bility
41—Set of player?
43—Keeps clear of
44—Parts of the arm
4G—Girl's name
47—Mother
48—Persian nobleman
49—Extremely calam
itous
BO—Small, secluded val
ley
51—Small bay
62—British Foreign Btc
uretary
not
56—Ovules

I—Short nail
2—Admitted water
3—Protecting mantle ol
Minerva
4—Explode suddenly
6—Boft, wet ground
•—Variegated waxy
quartz
7—Hying device

B—First woman
9—Having soothing
tendency
10—East-Indian herb
11—Of eager appetite
12—Donate to
13—Biblical kingdom
south ot Assyria
21—Standing by Uself
23—Sand-like mountain
snow iFrenchi
23 -Decree of Sublime
Porte iTurklshl
26—Former Spanish sea
port
27—Bring Into line
28—More courageous
29—Operate vehicle
30—Ghastly and sensa
tional
31—Best people
32—Stop
34 —Newly married wo
man
37—Appeased
38—Explosive missile?
40 —Burden of responsi
bility
41—Set of player?
43—Keeps clear of
44—Parts of the arm
4G—Girl's name
47—Mother
48—Persian nobleman
49—Extremely calam
itous
BO—Small, secluded val
ley
51—Small bay
62—British Foreign Btc
uretary
not
56—Ovules

I—Short nail
2—Admitted water
3—Protecting mantle ol
Minerva
4—Explode suddenly
6—Boft, wet ground
•—Variegated waxy
quartz
7—Hying device

B—First woman
9—Having soothing
tendency
10—East-Indian herb
11—Of eager appetite
12—Donate to
13—Biblical kingdom
south ot Assyria
21—Standing by Uself
23—Sand-like mountain
snow iFrenchi
23 -Decree of Sublime
Porte iTurklshl
26—Former Spanish sea
port
27—Bring Into line
28—More courageous
29—Operate vehicle
30—Ghastly and sensa
tional
31—Best people
32—Stop
34 —Newly married wo
man
37—Appeased
38—Explosive missile?
40 —Burden of responsi
bility
41—Set of player?
43—Keeps clear of
44—Parts of the arm
4G—Girl's name
47—Mother
48—Persian nobleman
49—Extremely calam
itous
BO—Small, secluded val
ley
51—Small bay
62—British Foreign Btc
uretary
not
56—Ovules

I—Short nail
2—Admitted water
3—Protecting mantle ol
Minerva
4—Explode suddenly
6—Boft, wet ground
•—Variegated waxy
quartz
7—Hying device

B—First woman
9—Having soothing
tendency
10—East-Indian herb
11—Of eager appetite
12—Donate to
13—Biblical kingdom
south ot Assyria
21—Standing by Uself
23—Sand-like mountain
snow iFrenchi
23 -Decree of Sublime
Porte iTurklshl
26—Former Spanish sea
port
27—Bring Into line
28—More courageous
29—Operate vehicle
30—Ghastly and sensa
tional
31—Best people
32—Stop
34 —Newly married wo
man
37—Appeased
38—Explosive missile?
40 —Burden of responsi
bility
41—Set of player?
43—Keeps clear of
44—Parts of the arm
4G—Girl's name
47—Mother
48—Persian nobleman
49—Extremely calam
itous
BO—Small, secluded val
ley
51—Small bay
62—British Foreign Btc
uretary
not
56—Ovules

I—Short nail
2—Admitted water
3—Protecting mantle ol
Minerva
4—Explode suddenly
6—Boft, wet ground
•—Variegated waxy
quartz
7—Hying device

B—First woman
9—Having soothing
tendency
10—East-Indian herb
11—Of eager appetite
12—Donate to
13—Biblical kingdom
south ot Assyria
21—Standing by Uself
23—Sand-like mountain
snow iFrenchi
23 -Decree of Sublime
Porte iTurklshl
26—Former Spanish sea
port
27—Bring Into line
28—More courageous
29—Operate vehicle
30—Ghastly and sensa
tional
31—Best people
32—Stop
34 —Newly married wo
man
37—Appeased
38—Explosive missile?
40 —Burden of responsi
bility
41—Set of player?
43—Keeps clear of
44—Parts of the arm
4G—Girl's name
47—Mother
48—Persian nobleman
49—Extremely calam
itous
BO—Small, secluded val
ley
51—Small bay
62—British Foreign Btc
uretary
not
56—Ovules

I—Short nail
2—Admitted water
3—Protecting mantle ol
Minerva
4—Explode suddenly
6—Boft, wet ground
•—Variegated waxy
quartz
7—Hying device

B—First woman
9—Having soothing
tendency
10—East-Indian herb
11—Of eager appetite
12—Donate to
13—Biblical kingdom
south ot Assyria
21—Standing by Uself
23—Sand-like mountain
snow iFrenchi
23 -Decree of Sublime
Porte iTurklshl
26—Former Spanish sea
port
27—Bring Into line
28—More courageous
29—Operate vehicle
30—Ghastly and sensa
tional
31—Best people
32—Stop
34 —Newly married wo
man
37—Appeased
38—Explosive missile?
40 —Burden of responsi
bility
41—Set of player?
43—Keeps clear of
44—Parts of the arm
4G—Girl's name
47—Mother
48—Persian nobleman
49—Extremely calam
itous
BO—Small, secluded val
ley
51—Small bay
62—British Foreign Btc
uretary
not
56—Ovules

I—Short nail
2—Admitted water
3—Protecting mantle ol
Minerva
4—Explode suddenly
6—Boft, wet ground
•—Variegated waxy
quartz
7—Hying device

B—First woman
9—Having soothing
tendency
10—East-Indian herb
11—Of eager appetite
12—Donate to
13—Biblical kingdom
south ot Assyria
21—Standing by Uself
23—Sand-like mountain
snow iFrenchi
23 -Decree of Sublime
Porte iTurklshl
26—Former Spanish sea
port
27—Bring Into line
28—More courageous
29—Operate vehicle
30—Ghastly and sensa
tional
31—Best people
32—Stop
34 —Newly married wo
man
37—Appeased
38—Explosive missile?
40 —Burden of responsi
bility
41—Set of player?
43—Keeps clear of
44—Parts of the arm
4G—Girl's name
47—Mother
48—Persian nobleman
49—Extremely calam
itous
BO—Small, secluded val
ley
51—Small bay
62—British Foreign Btc
uretary
not
56—Ovules

I—Short nail
2—Admitted water
3—Protecting mantle ol
Minerva
4—Explode suddenly
6—Boft, wet ground
•—Variegated waxy
quartz
7—Hying device

B—First woman
9—Having soothing
tendency
10—East-Indian herb
11—Of eager appetite
12—Donate to
13—Biblical kingdom
south ot Assyria
21—Standing by Uself
23—Sand-like mountain
snow iFrenchi
23 -Decree of Sublime
Porte iTurklshl
26—Former Spanish sea
port
27—Bring Into line
28—More courageous
29—Operate vehicle
30—Ghastly and sensa
tional
31—Best people
32—Stop
34 —Newly married wo
man
37—Appeased
38—Explosive missile?
40 —Burden of responsi
bility
41—Set of player?
43—Keeps clear of
44—Parts of the arm
4G—Girl's name
47—Mother
48—Persian nobleman
49—Extremely calam
itous
BO—Small, secluded val
ley
51—Small bay
62—British Foreign Btc
uretary
not
56—Ovules

I—Short nail
2—Admitted water
3—Protecting mantle ol
Minerva
4—Explode suddenly
6—Boft, wet ground
•—Variegated waxy
quartz
7—Hying device

B—First woman
9—Having soothing
tendency
10—East-Indian herb
11—Of eager appetite
12—Donate to
13—Biblical kingdom
south ot Assyria
21—Standing by Uself
23—Sand-like mountain
snow iFrenchi
23 -Decree of Sublime
Porte iTurklshl
26—Former Spanish sea
port
27—Bring Into line
28—More courageous
29—Operate vehicle
30—Ghastly and sensa
tional
31—Best people
32—Stop
34 —Newly married wo
man
37—Appeased
38—Explosive missile?
40 —Burden of responsi
bility
41—Set of player?
43—Keeps clear of
44—Parts of the arm
4G—Girl's name
47—Mother
48—Persian nobleman
49—Extremely calam
itous
BO—Small, secluded val
ley
51—Small bay
62—British Foreign Btc
uretary
not
56—Ovules

I—Short nail
2—Admitted water
3—Protecting mantle ol
Minerva
4—Explode suddenly
6—Boft, wet ground
•—Variegated waxy
quartz
7—Hying device

B—First woman
9—Having soothing
tendency
10—East-Indian herb
11—Of eager appetite
12—Donate to
13—Biblical kingdom
south ot Assyria
21—Standing by Uself
23—Sand-like mountain
snow iFrenchi
23 -Decree of Sublime
Porte iTurklshl
26—Former Spanish sea
port
27—Bring Into line
28—More courageous
29—Operate vehicle
30—Ghastly and sensa
tional
31—Best people
32—Stop
34 —Newly married wo
man
37—Appeased
38—Explosive missile?
40 —Burden of responsi
bility
41—Set of player?
43—Keeps clear of
44—Parts of the arm
4G—Girl's name
47—Mother
48—Persian nobleman
49—Extremely calam
itous
BO—Small, secluded val
ley
51—Small bay
62—British Foreign Btc
uretary
not
56—Ovules

I—Short nail
2—Admitted water
3—Protecting mantle ol
Minerva
4—Explode suddenly
6—Boft, wet ground
•—Variegated waxy
quartz
7—Hying device

B—First woman
9—Having soothing
tendency
10—East-Indian herb
11—Of eager appetite
12—Donate to
13—Biblical kingdom
south ot Assyria
21—Standing by Uself
23—Sand-like mountain
snow iFrenchi
23 -Decree of Sublime
Porte iTurklshl
26—Former Spanish sea
port
27—Bring Into line
28—More courageous
29—Operate vehicle
30—Ghastly and sensa
tional
31—Best people
32—Stop
34 —Newly married wo
man
37—Appeased
38—Explosive missile?
40 —Burden of responsi
bility
41—Set of player?
43—Keeps clear of
44—Parts of the arm
4G—Girl's name
47—Mother
48—Persian nobleman
49—Extremely calam
itous
BO—Small, secluded val
ley
51—Small bay
62—British Foreign Btc
uretary
not
56—Ovules

I—Short nail
2—Admitted water
3—Protecting mantle ol
Minerva
4—Explode suddenly
6—Boft, wet ground
•—Variegated waxy
quartz
7—Hying device

B—First woman
9—Having soothing
tendency
10—East-Indian herb
11—Of eager appetite
12—Donate to
13—Biblical kingdom
south ot Assyria
21—Standing by Uself
23—Sand-like mountain
snow iFrenchi
23 -Decree of Sublime
Porte iTurklshl
26—Former Spanish sea
port
27—Bring Into line
28—More courageous
29—Operate vehicle
30—Ghastly and sensa
tional
31—Best people
32—Stop
34 —Newly married wo
man
37—Appeased
38—Explosive missile?
40 —Burden of responsi
bility
41—Set of player?
43—Keeps clear of
44—Parts of the arm
4G—Girl's name
47—Mother
48—Persian nobleman
49—Extremely calam
itous
BO—Small, secluded val
ley
51—Small bay
62—British Foreign Btc
uretary
not
56—Ovules

I—Short nail
2—Admitted water
3—Protecting mantle ol
Minerva
4—Explode suddenly
6—Boft, wet ground
•—Variegated waxy
quartz
7—Hying device

B—First woman
9—Having soothing
tendency
10—East-Indian herb
11—Of eager appetite
12—Donate to
13—Biblical kingdom
south ot Assyria
21—Standing by Uself
23—Sand-like mountain
snow iFrenchi
23 -Decree of Sublime
Porte iTurklshl
26—Former Spanish sea
port
27—Bring Into line
28—More courageous
29—Operate vehicle
30—Ghastly and sensa
tional
31—Best people
32—Stop
34 —Newly married wo
man
37—Appeased
38—Explosive missile?
40 —Burden of responsi
bility
41—Set of player?
43—Keeps clear of
44—Parts of the arm
4G—Girl's name
47—Mother
48—Persian nobleman
49—Extremely calam
itous
BO—Small, secluded val
ley
51—Small bay
62—British Foreign Btc
uretary
not
56—Ovules

I—Short nail
2—Admitted water
3—Protecting mantle ol
Minerva
4—Explode suddenly
6—Boft, wet ground
•—Variegated waxy
quartz
7—Hying device

B—First woman
9—Having soothing
tendency
10—East-Indian herb
11—Of eager appetite
12—Donate to
13—Biblical kingdom
south ot Assyria
21—Standing by Uself
23—Sand-like mountain
snow iFrenchi
23 -Decree of Sublime
Porte iTurklshl
26—Former Spanish sea
port
27—Bring Into line
28—More courageous
29—Operate vehicle
30—Ghastly and sensa
tional
31—Best people
32—Stop
34 —Newly married wo
man
37—Appeased
38—Explosive missile?
40 —Burden of responsi
bility
41—Set of player?
43—Keeps clear of
44—Parts of the arm
4G—Girl's name
47—Mother
48—Persian nobleman
49—Extremely calam
itous
BO—Small, secluded val
ley
51—Small bay
62—British Foreign Btc
uretary
not
56—Ovules

I—Short nail
2—Admitted water
3—Protecting mantle ol
Minerva
4—Explode suddenly
6—Boft, wet ground
•—Variegated waxy
quartz
7—Hying device

B—First woman
9—Having soothing
tendency
10—East-Indian herb
11—Of eager appetite
12—Donate to
13—Biblical kingdom
south ot Assyria
21—Standing by Uself
23—Sand-like mountain
snow iFrenchi
23 -Decree of Sublime
Porte iTurklshl
26—Former Spanish sea
port
27—Bring Into line
28—More courageous
29—Operate vehicle
30—Ghastly and sensa
tional
31—Best people
32—Stop
34 —Newly married wo
man
37—Appeased
38—Explosive missile?
40 —Burden of responsi
bility
41—Set of player?
43—Keeps clear of
44—Parts of the arm
4G—Girl's name
47—Mother
48—Persian nobleman
49—Extremely calam
itous
BO—Small, secluded val
ley
51—Small bay
62—British Foreign Btc
uretary
not
56—Ovules

