# Authoress Speaks In S.F. Thursday
## 
### 
Mrs. Paul Robeson, author, an
thropologist, and world traveler,
will speak on "The Negro and the
Pattern of World Affairs" Thursday
evening at the Scottish Rite Audi
torium in San Francisco, and Sun
day afternoon at the Oakland Au
ditorium in Oakland.
Tickets may b? purchased through
Sherman Clay in San Francisco
(Garfield 4001) or Higate 575 in
Oakland.
Mrs. Paul Robeson, author, an
thropologist, and world traveler,
will speak on "The Negro and the
Pattern of World Affairs" Thursday
evening at the Scottish Rite Audi
torium in San Francisco, and Sun
day afternoon at the Oakland Au
ditorium in Oakland.
Tickets may b? purchased through
Sherman Clay in San Francisco
(Garfield 4001) or Higate 575 in
Oakland.
Mrs. Paul Robeson, author, an
thropologist, and world traveler,
will speak on "The Negro and the
Pattern of World Affairs" Thursday
evening at the Scottish Rite Audi
torium in San Francisco, and Sun
day afternoon at the Oakland Au
ditorium in Oakland.
Tickets may b? purchased through
Sherman Clay in San Francisco
(Garfield 4001) or Higate 575 in
Oakland.
Mrs. Paul Robeson, author, an
thropologist, and world traveler,
will speak on "The Negro and the
Pattern of World Affairs" Thursday
evening at the Scottish Rite Audi
torium in San Francisco, and Sun
day afternoon at the Oakland Au
ditorium in Oakland.
Tickets may b? purchased through
Sherman Clay in San Francisco
(Garfield 4001) or Higate 575 in
Oakland.
Mrs. Paul Robeson, author, an
thropologist, and world traveler,
will speak on "The Negro and the
Pattern of World Affairs" Thursday
evening at the Scottish Rite Audi
torium in San Francisco, and Sun
day afternoon at the Oakland Au
ditorium in Oakland.
Tickets may b? purchased through
Sherman Clay in San Francisco
(Garfield 4001) or Higate 575 in
Oakland.
Mrs. Paul Robeson, author, an
thropologist, and world traveler,
will speak on "The Negro and the
Pattern of World Affairs" Thursday
evening at the Scottish Rite Audi
torium in San Francisco, and Sun
day afternoon at the Oakland Au
ditorium in Oakland.
Tickets may b? purchased through
Sherman Clay in San Francisco
(Garfield 4001) or Higate 575 in
Oakland.
Mrs. Paul Robeson, author, an
thropologist, and world traveler,
will speak on "The Negro and the
Pattern of World Affairs" Thursday
evening at the Scottish Rite Audi
torium in San Francisco, and Sun
day afternoon at the Oakland Au
ditorium in Oakland.
Tickets may b? purchased through
Sherman Clay in San Francisco
(Garfield 4001) or Higate 575 in
Oakland.
Mrs. Paul Robeson, author, an
thropologist, and world traveler,
will speak on "The Negro and the
Pattern of World Affairs" Thursday
evening at the Scottish Rite Audi
torium in San Francisco, and Sun
day afternoon at the Oakland Au
ditorium in Oakland.
Tickets may b? purchased through
Sherman Clay in San Francisco
(Garfield 4001) or Higate 575 in
Oakland.
Mrs. Paul Robeson, author, an
thropologist, and world traveler,
will speak on "The Negro and the
Pattern of World Affairs" Thursday
evening at the Scottish Rite Audi
torium in San Francisco, and Sun
day afternoon at the Oakland Au
ditorium in Oakland.
Tickets may b? purchased through
Sherman Clay in San Francisco
(Garfield 4001) or Higate 575 in
Oakland.
Mrs. Paul Robeson, author, an
thropologist, and world traveler,
will speak on "The Negro and the
Pattern of World Affairs" Thursday
evening at the Scottish Rite Audi
torium in San Francisco, and Sun
day afternoon at the Oakland Au
ditorium in Oakland.
Tickets may b? purchased through
Sherman Clay in San Francisco
(Garfield 4001) or Higate 575 in
Oakland.
Mrs. Paul Robeson, author, an
thropologist, and world traveler,
will speak on "The Negro and the
Pattern of World Affairs" Thursday
evening at the Scottish Rite Audi
torium in San Francisco, and Sun
day afternoon at the Oakland Au
ditorium in Oakland.
Tickets may b? purchased through
Sherman Clay in San Francisco
(Garfield 4001) or Higate 575 in
Oakland.
Mrs. Paul Robeson, author, an
thropologist, and world traveler,
will speak on "The Negro and the
Pattern of World Affairs" Thursday
evening at the Scottish Rite Audi
torium in San Francisco, and Sun
day afternoon at the Oakland Au
ditorium in Oakland.
Tickets may b? purchased through
Sherman Clay in San Francisco
(Garfield 4001) or Higate 575 in
Oakland.
Mrs. Paul Robeson, author, an
thropologist, and world traveler,
will speak on "The Negro and the
Pattern of World Affairs" Thursday
evening at the Scottish Rite Audi
torium in San Francisco, and Sun
day afternoon at the Oakland Au
ditorium in Oakland.
Tickets may b? purchased through
Sherman Clay in San Francisco
(Garfield 4001) or Higate 575 in
Oakland.
Mrs. Paul Robeson, author, an
thropologist, and world traveler,
will speak on "The Negro and the
Pattern of World Affairs" Thursday
evening at the Scottish Rite Audi
torium in San Francisco, and Sun
day afternoon at the Oakland Au
ditorium in Oakland.
Tickets may b? purchased through
Sherman Clay in San Francisco
(Garfield 4001) or Higate 575 in
Oakland.
Mrs. Paul Robeson, author, an
thropologist, and world traveler,
will speak on "The Negro and the
Pattern of World Affairs" Thursday
evening at the Scottish Rite Audi
torium in San Francisco, and Sun
day afternoon at the Oakland Au
ditorium in Oakland.
Tickets may b? purchased through
Sherman Clay in San Francisco
(Garfield 4001) or Higate 575 in
Oakland.
