# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
Picture the Pyre
Bunders!
The well-attired Big Came Bon
fire constructors today will
wear
BLUE JEANS
HICKORY SHIRTS
ROOTERS' HATS
WE HAVE 'EM!
©
ftoosßros
Encina Shop
Hrs. 12-8 P.M.
I 'I
Picture the Pyre
Bunders!
The well-attired Big Came Bon
fire constructors today will
wear
BLUE JEANS
HICKORY SHIRTS
ROOTERS' HATS
WE HAVE 'EM!
©
ftoosßros
Encina Shop
Hrs. 12-8 P.M.
I 'I
Picture the Pyre
Bunders!
The well-attired Big Came Bon
fire constructors today will
wear
BLUE JEANS
HICKORY SHIRTS
ROOTERS' HATS
WE HAVE 'EM!
©
ftoosßros
Encina Shop
Hrs. 12-8 P.M.
I 'I
Picture the Pyre
Bunders!
The well-attired Big Came Bon
fire constructors today will
wear
BLUE JEANS
HICKORY SHIRTS
ROOTERS' HATS
WE HAVE 'EM!
©
ftoosßros
Encina Shop
Hrs. 12-8 P.M.
I 'I
Picture the Pyre
Bunders!
The well-attired Big Came Bon
fire constructors today will
wear
BLUE JEANS
HICKORY SHIRTS
ROOTERS' HATS
WE HAVE 'EM!
©
ftoosßros
Encina Shop
Hrs. 12-8 P.M.
I 'I
Picture the Pyre
Bunders!
The well-attired Big Came Bon
fire constructors today will
wear
BLUE JEANS
HICKORY SHIRTS
ROOTERS' HATS
WE HAVE 'EM!
©
ftoosßros
Encina Shop
Hrs. 12-8 P.M.
I 'I
Picture the Pyre
Bunders!
The well-attired Big Came Bon
fire constructors today will
wear
BLUE JEANS
HICKORY SHIRTS
ROOTERS' HATS
WE HAVE 'EM!
©
ftoosßros
Encina Shop
Hrs. 12-8 P.M.
I 'I
Picture the Pyre
Bunders!
The well-attired Big Came Bon
fire constructors today will
wear
BLUE JEANS
HICKORY SHIRTS
ROOTERS' HATS
WE HAVE 'EM!
©
ftoosßros
Encina Shop
Hrs. 12-8 P.M.
I 'I
Picture the Pyre
Bunders!
The well-attired Big Came Bon
fire constructors today will
wear
BLUE JEANS
HICKORY SHIRTS
ROOTERS' HATS
WE HAVE 'EM!
©
ftoosßros
Encina Shop
Hrs. 12-8 P.M.
I 'I
Picture the Pyre
Bunders!
The well-attired Big Came Bon
fire constructors today will
wear
BLUE JEANS
HICKORY SHIRTS
ROOTERS' HATS
WE HAVE 'EM!
©
ftoosßros
Encina Shop
Hrs. 12-8 P.M.
I 'I
Picture the Pyre
Bunders!
The well-attired Big Came Bon
fire constructors today will
wear
BLUE JEANS
HICKORY SHIRTS
ROOTERS' HATS
WE HAVE 'EM!
©
ftoosßros
Encina Shop
Hrs. 12-8 P.M.
I 'I
Picture the Pyre
Bunders!
The well-attired Big Came Bon
fire constructors today will
wear
BLUE JEANS
HICKORY SHIRTS
ROOTERS' HATS
WE HAVE 'EM!
©
ftoosßros
Encina Shop
Hrs. 12-8 P.M.
I 'I
Picture the Pyre
Bunders!
The well-attired Big Came Bon
fire constructors today will
wear
BLUE JEANS
HICKORY SHIRTS
ROOTERS' HATS
WE HAVE 'EM!
©
ftoosßros
Encina Shop
Hrs. 12-8 P.M.
I 'I
Picture the Pyre
Bunders!
The well-attired Big Came Bon
fire constructors today will
wear
BLUE JEANS
HICKORY SHIRTS
ROOTERS' HATS
WE HAVE 'EM!
©
ftoosßros
Encina Shop
Hrs. 12-8 P.M.
I 'I
Picture the Pyre
Bunders!
The well-attired Big Came Bon
fire constructors today will
wear
BLUE JEANS
HICKORY SHIRTS
ROOTERS' HATS
WE HAVE 'EM!
©
ftoosßros
Encina Shop
Hrs. 12-8 P.M.
I 'I
