# Debate Finals Set for Today
## 
### 
Ey virtue of victories yesterday,
the debate teams of Spring-Luhman,
Cliflon - Silliman, and Harper -
Shreve advanced into the finals of
the varsity intrasquad debate tour
nament being held in preparation for
next week's annual Pacific Coast
debate tournament of the Western
Teachers of Speech in San Fran
cisco.
The three teams won decisions
over the teams of Tani-Inouye,
Kingsbury-Reynolds, and Holloway-
Hossom, respectively, in the second
group of the semi-finals. The big
gest upset scored yesterday was the
defeat of Hunt Kingsbury and Jim
Reynolds, both experienced varsity
debaters, to John Clifton and Jamej
Silliman.
Finals of the tournament, to be
held this afternoon, will bring to
gether Hartmann - Gruenberg vs.
Marcus-Lindblom at 3 o'clock; Low
enstein-Stein vs. Spring-Luhman at
4 o'clock; and Clifton-Silliman vs.
H;:rper-Shreve at 5 o'clock.
