# Fletcher To Head G.O.P. Convention
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Nov. 20 (/P). —
The Republican National Committee
tonight was summoned by Chairman
Henry P. Fletcher to meet in the
capital December 16 to arrange for
the national convention.
Simultaneously, he appointed a
finance committee of 16, headed by
William B. Bell of New York, presi
dent of the American Cyanamid
Company, to secure money for the
"campaign against the alien doc
trines and maladjustments of the
new deal."
WASHINGTON, Nov. 20 (/P). —
The Republican National Committee
tonight was summoned by Chairman
Henry P. Fletcher to meet in the
capital December 16 to arrange for
the national convention.
Simultaneously, he appointed a
finance committee of 16, headed by
William B. Bell of New York, presi
dent of the American Cyanamid
Company, to secure money for the
"campaign against the alien doc
trines and maladjustments of the
new deal."
WASHINGTON, Nov. 20 (/P). —
The Republican National Committee
tonight was summoned by Chairman
Henry P. Fletcher to meet in the
capital December 16 to arrange for
the national convention.
Simultaneously, he appointed a
finance committee of 16, headed by
William B. Bell of New York, presi
dent of the American Cyanamid
Company, to secure money for the
"campaign against the alien doc
trines and maladjustments of the
new deal."
WASHINGTON, Nov. 20 (/P). —
The Republican National Committee
tonight was summoned by Chairman
Henry P. Fletcher to meet in the
capital December 16 to arrange for
the national convention.
Simultaneously, he appointed a
finance committee of 16, headed by
William B. Bell of New York, presi
dent of the American Cyanamid
Company, to secure money for the
"campaign against the alien doc
trines and maladjustments of the
new deal."
WASHINGTON, Nov. 20 (/P). —
The Republican National Committee
tonight was summoned by Chairman
Henry P. Fletcher to meet in the
capital December 16 to arrange for
the national convention.
Simultaneously, he appointed a
finance committee of 16, headed by
William B. Bell of New York, presi
dent of the American Cyanamid
Company, to secure money for the
"campaign against the alien doc
trines and maladjustments of the
new deal."
WASHINGTON, Nov. 20 (/P). —
The Republican National Committee
tonight was summoned by Chairman
Henry P. Fletcher to meet in the
capital December 16 to arrange for
the national convention.
Simultaneously, he appointed a
finance committee of 16, headed by
William B. Bell of New York, presi
dent of the American Cyanamid
Company, to secure money for the
"campaign against the alien doc
trines and maladjustments of the
new deal."
WASHINGTON, Nov. 20 (/P). —
The Republican National Committee
tonight was summoned by Chairman
Henry P. Fletcher to meet in the
capital December 16 to arrange for
the national convention.
Simultaneously, he appointed a
finance committee of 16, headed by
William B. Bell of New York, presi
dent of the American Cyanamid
Company, to secure money for the
"campaign against the alien doc
trines and maladjustments of the
new deal."
WASHINGTON, Nov. 20 (/P). —
The Republican National Committee
tonight was summoned by Chairman
Henry P. Fletcher to meet in the
capital December 16 to arrange for
the national convention.
Simultaneously, he appointed a
finance committee of 16, headed by
William B. Bell of New York, presi
dent of the American Cyanamid
Company, to secure money for the
"campaign against the alien doc
trines and maladjustments of the
new deal."
WASHINGTON, Nov. 20 (/P). —
The Republican National Committee
tonight was summoned by Chairman
Henry P. Fletcher to meet in the
capital December 16 to arrange for
the national convention.
Simultaneously, he appointed a
finance committee of 16, headed by
William B. Bell of New York, presi
dent of the American Cyanamid
Company, to secure money for the
"campaign against the alien doc
trines and maladjustments of the
new deal."
WASHINGTON, Nov. 20 (/P). —
The Republican National Committee
tonight was summoned by Chairman
Henry P. Fletcher to meet in the
capital December 16 to arrange for
the national convention.
Simultaneously, he appointed a
finance committee of 16, headed by
William B. Bell of New York, presi
dent of the American Cyanamid
Company, to secure money for the
"campaign against the alien doc
trines and maladjustments of the
new deal."
WASHINGTON, Nov. 20 (/P). —
The Republican National Committee
tonight was summoned by Chairman
Henry P. Fletcher to meet in the
capital December 16 to arrange for
the national convention.
Simultaneously, he appointed a
finance committee of 16, headed by
William B. Bell of New York, presi
dent of the American Cyanamid
Company, to secure money for the
"campaign against the alien doc
trines and maladjustments of the
new deal."
WASHINGTON, Nov. 20 (/P). —
The Republican National Committee
tonight was summoned by Chairman
Henry P. Fletcher to meet in the
capital December 16 to arrange for
the national convention.
Simultaneously, he appointed a
finance committee of 16, headed by
William B. Bell of New York, presi
dent of the American Cyanamid
Company, to secure money for the
"campaign against the alien doc
trines and maladjustments of the
new deal."
WASHINGTON, Nov. 20 (/P). —
The Republican National Committee
tonight was summoned by Chairman
Henry P. Fletcher to meet in the
capital December 16 to arrange for
the national convention.
Simultaneously, he appointed a
finance committee of 16, headed by
William B. Bell of New York, presi
dent of the American Cyanamid
Company, to secure money for the
"campaign against the alien doc
trines and maladjustments of the
new deal."
WASHINGTON, Nov. 20 (/P). —
The Republican National Committee
tonight was summoned by Chairman
Henry P. Fletcher to meet in the
capital December 16 to arrange for
the national convention.
Simultaneously, he appointed a
finance committee of 16, headed by
William B. Bell of New York, presi
dent of the American Cyanamid
Company, to secure money for the
"campaign against the alien doc
trines and maladjustments of the
new deal."
WASHINGTON, Nov. 20 (/P). —
The Republican National Committee
tonight was summoned by Chairman
Henry P. Fletcher to meet in the
capital December 16 to arrange for
the national convention.
Simultaneously, he appointed a
finance committee of 16, headed by
William B. Bell of New York, presi
dent of the American Cyanamid
Company, to secure money for the
"campaign against the alien doc
trines and maladjustments of the
new deal."
