# MAJOR SCHOOF WILL TELL OF MEXICAN CONDITIONS
## 
### 
Major Gufetav H. Schoof, of the
Northwest Mounted Police of Canada,
will speak 011 "The Truth About .Mex
ico," on Wednesday evening at 8 p.m.
in the Chapel.
Major Schoof is a modern soldier of
fortune, having served through the
Boer War and as a member of the
African Mounted Police for several
years. In 1911 he served in Madero's
army in Mexico, and later in 1913 un
der General Villa, and his experience
thus gained will insure ;in interest
ing and instructive talk.
Major Gufetav H. Schoof, of the
Northwest Mounted Police of Canada,
will speak 011 "The Truth About .Mex
ico," on Wednesday evening at 8 p.m.
in the Chapel.
Major Schoof is a modern soldier of
fortune, having served through the
Boer War and as a member of the
African Mounted Police for several
years. In 1911 he served in Madero's
army in Mexico, and later in 1913 un
der General Villa, and his experience
thus gained will insure ;in interest
ing and instructive talk.
Major Gufetav H. Schoof, of the
Northwest Mounted Police of Canada,
will speak 011 "The Truth About .Mex
ico," on Wednesday evening at 8 p.m.
in the Chapel.
Major Schoof is a modern soldier of
fortune, having served through the
Boer War and as a member of the
African Mounted Police for several
years. In 1911 he served in Madero's
army in Mexico, and later in 1913 un
der General Villa, and his experience
thus gained will insure ;in interest
ing and instructive talk.
Major Gufetav H. Schoof, of the
Northwest Mounted Police of Canada,
will speak 011 "The Truth About .Mex
ico," on Wednesday evening at 8 p.m.
in the Chapel.
Major Schoof is a modern soldier of
fortune, having served through the
Boer War and as a member of the
African Mounted Police for several
years. In 1911 he served in Madero's
army in Mexico, and later in 1913 un
der General Villa, and his experience
thus gained will insure ;in interest
ing and instructive talk.
Major Gufetav H. Schoof, of the
Northwest Mounted Police of Canada,
will speak 011 "The Truth About .Mex
ico," on Wednesday evening at 8 p.m.
in the Chapel.
Major Schoof is a modern soldier of
fortune, having served through the
Boer War and as a member of the
African Mounted Police for several
years. In 1911 he served in Madero's
army in Mexico, and later in 1913 un
der General Villa, and his experience
thus gained will insure ;in interest
ing and instructive talk.
Major Gufetav H. Schoof, of the
Northwest Mounted Police of Canada,
will speak 011 "The Truth About .Mex
ico," on Wednesday evening at 8 p.m.
in the Chapel.
Major Schoof is a modern soldier of
fortune, having served through the
Boer War and as a member of the
African Mounted Police for several
years. In 1911 he served in Madero's
army in Mexico, and later in 1913 un
der General Villa, and his experience
thus gained will insure ;in interest
ing and instructive talk.
Major Gufetav H. Schoof, of the
Northwest Mounted Police of Canada,
will speak 011 "The Truth About .Mex
ico," on Wednesday evening at 8 p.m.
in the Chapel.
Major Schoof is a modern soldier of
fortune, having served through the
Boer War and as a member of the
African Mounted Police for several
years. In 1911 he served in Madero's
army in Mexico, and later in 1913 un
der General Villa, and his experience
thus gained will insure ;in interest
ing and instructive talk.
Major Gufetav H. Schoof, of the
Northwest Mounted Police of Canada,
will speak 011 "The Truth About .Mex
ico," on Wednesday evening at 8 p.m.
in the Chapel.
Major Schoof is a modern soldier of
fortune, having served through the
Boer War and as a member of the
African Mounted Police for several
years. In 1911 he served in Madero's
army in Mexico, and later in 1913 un
der General Villa, and his experience
thus gained will insure ;in interest
ing and instructive talk.
Major Gufetav H. Schoof, of the
Northwest Mounted Police of Canada,
will speak 011 "The Truth About .Mex
ico," on Wednesday evening at 8 p.m.
in the Chapel.
Major Schoof is a modern soldier of
fortune, having served through the
Boer War and as a member of the
African Mounted Police for several
years. In 1911 he served in Madero's
army in Mexico, and later in 1913 un
der General Villa, and his experience
thus gained will insure ;in interest
ing and instructive talk.
Major Gufetav H. Schoof, of the
Northwest Mounted Police of Canada,
will speak 011 "The Truth About .Mex
ico," on Wednesday evening at 8 p.m.
in the Chapel.
Major Schoof is a modern soldier of
fortune, having served through the
Boer War and as a member of the
African Mounted Police for several
years. In 1911 he served in Madero's
army in Mexico, and later in 1913 un
der General Villa, and his experience
thus gained will insure ;in interest
ing and instructive talk.
Major Gufetav H. Schoof, of the
Northwest Mounted Police of Canada,
will speak 011 "The Truth About .Mex
ico," on Wednesday evening at 8 p.m.
in the Chapel.
Major Schoof is a modern soldier of
fortune, having served through the
Boer War and as a member of the
African Mounted Police for several
years. In 1911 he served in Madero's
army in Mexico, and later in 1913 un
der General Villa, and his experience
thus gained will insure ;in interest
ing and instructive talk.
Major Gufetav H. Schoof, of the
Northwest Mounted Police of Canada,
will speak 011 "The Truth About .Mex
ico," on Wednesday evening at 8 p.m.
in the Chapel.
Major Schoof is a modern soldier of
fortune, having served through the
Boer War and as a member of the
African Mounted Police for several
years. In 1911 he served in Madero's
army in Mexico, and later in 1913 un
der General Villa, and his experience
thus gained will insure ;in interest
ing and instructive talk.
