# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
mm
<< and earth shall
pass away, but my zvords
shall not pass away."—Jesus
Christ.
First Presbyterian
Church
Forest and Waverley
PALO ALTO
mm
<< and earth shall
pass away, but my zvords
shall not pass away."—Jesus
Christ.
First Presbyterian
Church
Forest and Waverley
PALO ALTO
mm
<< and earth shall
pass away, but my zvords
shall not pass away."—Jesus
Christ.
First Presbyterian
Church
Forest and Waverley
PALO ALTO
mm
<< and earth shall
pass away, but my zvords
shall not pass away."—Jesus
Christ.
First Presbyterian
Church
Forest and Waverley
PALO ALTO
mm
<< and earth shall
pass away, but my zvords
shall not pass away."—Jesus
Christ.
First Presbyterian
Church
Forest and Waverley
PALO ALTO
mm
<< and earth shall
pass away, but my zvords
shall not pass away."—Jesus
Christ.
First Presbyterian
Church
Forest and Waverley
PALO ALTO
mm
<< and earth shall
pass away, but my zvords
shall not pass away."—Jesus
Christ.
First Presbyterian
Church
Forest and Waverley
PALO ALTO
mm
<< and earth shall
pass away, but my zvords
shall not pass away."—Jesus
Christ.
First Presbyterian
Church
Forest and Waverley
PALO ALTO
mm
<< and earth shall
pass away, but my zvords
shall not pass away."—Jesus
Christ.
First Presbyterian
Church
Forest and Waverley
PALO ALTO
mm
<< and earth shall
pass away, but my zvords
shall not pass away."—Jesus
Christ.
First Presbyterian
Church
Forest and Waverley
PALO ALTO
mm
<< and earth shall
pass away, but my zvords
shall not pass away."—Jesus
Christ.
First Presbyterian
Church
Forest and Waverley
PALO ALTO
mm
<< and earth shall
pass away, but my zvords
shall not pass away."—Jesus
Christ.
First Presbyterian
Church
Forest and Waverley
PALO ALTO
mm
<< and earth shall
pass away, but my zvords
shall not pass away."—Jesus
Christ.
First Presbyterian
Church
Forest and Waverley
PALO ALTO
mm
<< and earth shall
pass away, but my zvords
shall not pass away."—Jesus
Christ.
First Presbyterian
Church
Forest and Waverley
PALO ALTO
