# WORD PORTRAIT OF "SEVEN-DAY SEED"
## 
### 
"Seven-day Seed," a recent editorial in these col
umns, has been referred to by several readers as a
"fine assortment of words, whose meaning is ob
scured in difficult figures." For the benefit of those
who are still in doubt as to the meaning of this
exposition, the following typed photograph is
produced:
The Daily first ran an editorial referring lo
rallies. In a later issue the editorial board apolo
gized for jumping to conclusions regarding the
information of the Daily's readers and proceeded to
define the term "to rally." Seven days later a fol
low-up editorial was written pointing out the fact
that an attempt had been made to instill a litte Stan
ford spirit into local rooters, and that the attempt
had been successful. In this editorial were used the
figurative terms "rally garden" and "seed" for
"rooters" and "spirit." In other words, this bit of
writing was intended to convey the idea that last
Monday's rally was a success.
Once more the editorial board apologizes for its
optimism. Hereafter, the primer or first reader shall
set the standards of expression on such unusual sub
jects as "rallies."
"Seven-day Seed," a recent editorial in these col
umns, has been referred to by several readers as a
"fine assortment of words, whose meaning is ob
scured in difficult figures." For the benefit of those
who are still in doubt as to the meaning of this
exposition, the following typed photograph is
produced:
The Daily first ran an editorial referring lo
rallies. In a later issue the editorial board apolo
gized for jumping to conclusions regarding the
information of the Daily's readers and proceeded to
define the term "to rally." Seven days later a fol
low-up editorial was written pointing out the fact
that an attempt had been made to instill a litte Stan
ford spirit into local rooters, and that the attempt
had been successful. In this editorial were used the
figurative terms "rally garden" and "seed" for
"rooters" and "spirit." In other words, this bit of
writing was intended to convey the idea that last
Monday's rally was a success.
Once more the editorial board apologizes for its
optimism. Hereafter, the primer or first reader shall
set the standards of expression on such unusual sub
jects as "rallies."
"Seven-day Seed," a recent editorial in these col
umns, has been referred to by several readers as a
"fine assortment of words, whose meaning is ob
scured in difficult figures." For the benefit of those
who are still in doubt as to the meaning of this
exposition, the following typed photograph is
produced:
The Daily first ran an editorial referring lo
rallies. In a later issue the editorial board apolo
gized for jumping to conclusions regarding the
information of the Daily's readers and proceeded to
define the term "to rally." Seven days later a fol
low-up editorial was written pointing out the fact
that an attempt had been made to instill a litte Stan
ford spirit into local rooters, and that the attempt
had been successful. In this editorial were used the
figurative terms "rally garden" and "seed" for
"rooters" and "spirit." In other words, this bit of
writing was intended to convey the idea that last
Monday's rally was a success.
Once more the editorial board apologizes for its
optimism. Hereafter, the primer or first reader shall
set the standards of expression on such unusual sub
jects as "rallies."
"Seven-day Seed," a recent editorial in these col
umns, has been referred to by several readers as a
"fine assortment of words, whose meaning is ob
scured in difficult figures." For the benefit of those
who are still in doubt as to the meaning of this
exposition, the following typed photograph is
produced:
The Daily first ran an editorial referring lo
rallies. In a later issue the editorial board apolo
gized for jumping to conclusions regarding the
information of the Daily's readers and proceeded to
define the term "to rally." Seven days later a fol
low-up editorial was written pointing out the fact
that an attempt had been made to instill a litte Stan
ford spirit into local rooters, and that the attempt
had been successful. In this editorial were used the
figurative terms "rally garden" and "seed" for
"rooters" and "spirit." In other words, this bit of
writing was intended to convey the idea that last
Monday's rally was a success.
Once more the editorial board apologizes for its
optimism. Hereafter, the primer or first reader shall
set the standards of expression on such unusual sub
jects as "rallies."
"Seven-day Seed," a recent editorial in these col
umns, has been referred to by several readers as a
"fine assortment of words, whose meaning is ob
scured in difficult figures." For the benefit of those
who are still in doubt as to the meaning of this
exposition, the following typed photograph is
produced:
The Daily first ran an editorial referring lo
rallies. In a later issue the editorial board apolo
gized for jumping to conclusions regarding the
information of the Daily's readers and proceeded to
define the term "to rally." Seven days later a fol
low-up editorial was written pointing out the fact
that an attempt had been made to instill a litte Stan
ford spirit into local rooters, and that the attempt
had been successful. In this editorial were used the
figurative terms "rally garden" and "seed" for
"rooters" and "spirit." In other words, this bit of
writing was intended to convey the idea that last
Monday's rally was a success.
Once more the editorial board apologizes for its
optimism. Hereafter, the primer or first reader shall
set the standards of expression on such unusual sub
jects as "rallies."
"Seven-day Seed," a recent editorial in these col
umns, has been referred to by several readers as a
"fine assortment of words, whose meaning is ob
scured in difficult figures." For the benefit of those
who are still in doubt as to the meaning of this
exposition, the following typed photograph is
produced:
The Daily first ran an editorial referring lo
rallies. In a later issue the editorial board apolo
gized for jumping to conclusions regarding the
information of the Daily's readers and proceeded to
define the term "to rally." Seven days later a fol
low-up editorial was written pointing out the fact
that an attempt had been made to instill a litte Stan
ford spirit into local rooters, and that the attempt
had been successful. In this editorial were used the
figurative terms "rally garden" and "seed" for
"rooters" and "spirit." In other words, this bit of
writing was intended to convey the idea that last
Monday's rally was a success.
Once more the editorial board apologizes for its
optimism. Hereafter, the primer or first reader shall
set the standards of expression on such unusual sub
jects as "rallies."
"Seven-day Seed," a recent editorial in these col
umns, has been referred to by several readers as a
"fine assortment of words, whose meaning is ob
scured in difficult figures." For the benefit of those
who are still in doubt as to the meaning of this
exposition, the following typed photograph is
produced:
The Daily first ran an editorial referring lo
rallies. In a later issue the editorial board apolo
gized for jumping to conclusions regarding the
information of the Daily's readers and proceeded to
define the term "to rally." Seven days later a fol
low-up editorial was written pointing out the fact
that an attempt had been made to instill a litte Stan
ford spirit into local rooters, and that the attempt
had been successful. In this editorial were used the
figurative terms "rally garden" and "seed" for
"rooters" and "spirit." In other words, this bit of
writing was intended to convey the idea that last
Monday's rally was a success.
Once more the editorial board apologizes for its
optimism. Hereafter, the primer or first reader shall
set the standards of expression on such unusual sub
jects as "rallies."
"Seven-day Seed," a recent editorial in these col
umns, has been referred to by several readers as a
"fine assortment of words, whose meaning is ob
scured in difficult figures." For the benefit of those
who are still in doubt as to the meaning of this
exposition, the following typed photograph is
produced:
The Daily first ran an editorial referring lo
rallies. In a later issue the editorial board apolo
gized for jumping to conclusions regarding the
information of the Daily's readers and proceeded to
define the term "to rally." Seven days later a fol
low-up editorial was written pointing out the fact
that an attempt had been made to instill a litte Stan
ford spirit into local rooters, and that the attempt
had been successful. In this editorial were used the
figurative terms "rally garden" and "seed" for
"rooters" and "spirit." In other words, this bit of
writing was intended to convey the idea that last
Monday's rally was a success.
Once more the editorial board apologizes for its
optimism. Hereafter, the primer or first reader shall
set the standards of expression on such unusual sub
jects as "rallies."
"Seven-day Seed," a recent editorial in these col
umns, has been referred to by several readers as a
"fine assortment of words, whose meaning is ob
scured in difficult figures." For the benefit of those
who are still in doubt as to the meaning of this
exposition, the following typed photograph is
produced:
The Daily first ran an editorial referring lo
rallies. In a later issue the editorial board apolo
gized for jumping to conclusions regarding the
information of the Daily's readers and proceeded to
define the term "to rally." Seven days later a fol
low-up editorial was written pointing out the fact
that an attempt had been made to instill a litte Stan
ford spirit into local rooters, and that the attempt
had been successful. In this editorial were used the
figurative terms "rally garden" and "seed" for
"rooters" and "spirit." In other words, this bit of
writing was intended to convey the idea that last
Monday's rally was a success.
Once more the editorial board apologizes for its
optimism. Hereafter, the primer or first reader shall
set the standards of expression on such unusual sub
jects as "rallies."
"Seven-day Seed," a recent editorial in these col
umns, has been referred to by several readers as a
"fine assortment of words, whose meaning is ob
scured in difficult figures." For the benefit of those
who are still in doubt as to the meaning of this
exposition, the following typed photograph is
produced:
The Daily first ran an editorial referring lo
rallies. In a later issue the editorial board apolo
gized for jumping to conclusions regarding the
information of the Daily's readers and proceeded to
define the term "to rally." Seven days later a fol
low-up editorial was written pointing out the fact
that an attempt had been made to instill a litte Stan
ford spirit into local rooters, and that the attempt
had been successful. In this editorial were used the
figurative terms "rally garden" and "seed" for
"rooters" and "spirit." In other words, this bit of
writing was intended to convey the idea that last
Monday's rally was a success.
Once more the editorial board apologizes for its
optimism. Hereafter, the primer or first reader shall
set the standards of expression on such unusual sub
jects as "rallies."
"Seven-day Seed," a recent editorial in these col
umns, has been referred to by several readers as a
"fine assortment of words, whose meaning is ob
scured in difficult figures." For the benefit of those
who are still in doubt as to the meaning of this
exposition, the following typed photograph is
produced:
The Daily first ran an editorial referring lo
rallies. In a later issue the editorial board apolo
gized for jumping to conclusions regarding the
information of the Daily's readers and proceeded to
define the term "to rally." Seven days later a fol
low-up editorial was written pointing out the fact
that an attempt had been made to instill a litte Stan
ford spirit into local rooters, and that the attempt
had been successful. In this editorial were used the
figurative terms "rally garden" and "seed" for
"rooters" and "spirit." In other words, this bit of
writing was intended to convey the idea that last
Monday's rally was a success.
Once more the editorial board apologizes for its
optimism. Hereafter, the primer or first reader shall
set the standards of expression on such unusual sub
jects as "rallies."
"Seven-day Seed," a recent editorial in these col
umns, has been referred to by several readers as a
"fine assortment of words, whose meaning is ob
scured in difficult figures." For the benefit of those
who are still in doubt as to the meaning of this
exposition, the following typed photograph is
produced:
The Daily first ran an editorial referring lo
rallies. In a later issue the editorial board apolo
gized for jumping to conclusions regarding the
information of the Daily's readers and proceeded to
define the term "to rally." Seven days later a fol
low-up editorial was written pointing out the fact
that an attempt had been made to instill a litte Stan
ford spirit into local rooters, and that the attempt
had been successful. In this editorial were used the
figurative terms "rally garden" and "seed" for
"rooters" and "spirit." In other words, this bit of
writing was intended to convey the idea that last
Monday's rally was a success.
Once more the editorial board apologizes for its
optimism. Hereafter, the primer or first reader shall
set the standards of expression on such unusual sub
jects as "rallies."
"Seven-day Seed," a recent editorial in these col
umns, has been referred to by several readers as a
"fine assortment of words, whose meaning is ob
scured in difficult figures." For the benefit of those
who are still in doubt as to the meaning of this
exposition, the following typed photograph is
produced:
The Daily first ran an editorial referring lo
rallies. In a later issue the editorial board apolo
gized for jumping to conclusions regarding the
information of the Daily's readers and proceeded to
define the term "to rally." Seven days later a fol
low-up editorial was written pointing out the fact
that an attempt had been made to instill a litte Stan
ford spirit into local rooters, and that the attempt
had been successful. In this editorial were used the
figurative terms "rally garden" and "seed" for
"rooters" and "spirit." In other words, this bit of
writing was intended to convey the idea that last
Monday's rally was a success.
Once more the editorial board apologizes for its
optimism. Hereafter, the primer or first reader shall
set the standards of expression on such unusual sub
jects as "rallies."
"Seven-day Seed," a recent editorial in these col
umns, has been referred to by several readers as a
"fine assortment of words, whose meaning is ob
scured in difficult figures." For the benefit of those
who are still in doubt as to the meaning of this
exposition, the following typed photograph is
produced:
The Daily first ran an editorial referring lo
rallies. In a later issue the editorial board apolo
gized for jumping to conclusions regarding the
information of the Daily's readers and proceeded to
define the term "to rally." Seven days later a fol
low-up editorial was written pointing out the fact
that an attempt had been made to instill a litte Stan
ford spirit into local rooters, and that the attempt
had been successful. In this editorial were used the
figurative terms "rally garden" and "seed" for
"rooters" and "spirit." In other words, this bit of
writing was intended to convey the idea that last
Monday's rally was a success.
Once more the editorial board apologizes for its
optimism. Hereafter, the primer or first reader shall
set the standards of expression on such unusual sub
jects as "rallies."
