# Members of Faculty to Discuss Election Measures
## 
### 
Members of the faculty will open the
the discussion of the measures to be
voted on in Tuesday's election at the
meeting to be held in the Woman's
Clubhouse Monday evening at 7:30.
Members of the faculty will open the
the discussion of the measures to be
voted on in Tuesday's election at the
meeting to be held in the Woman's
Clubhouse Monday evening at 7:30.
Members of the faculty will open the
the discussion of the measures to be
voted on in Tuesday's election at the
meeting to be held in the Woman's
Clubhouse Monday evening at 7:30.
Members of the faculty will open the
the discussion of the measures to be
voted on in Tuesday's election at the
meeting to be held in the Woman's
Clubhouse Monday evening at 7:30.
Members of the faculty will open the
the discussion of the measures to be
voted on in Tuesday's election at the
meeting to be held in the Woman's
Clubhouse Monday evening at 7:30.
Members of the faculty will open the
the discussion of the measures to be
voted on in Tuesday's election at the
meeting to be held in the Woman's
Clubhouse Monday evening at 7:30.
Members of the faculty will open the
the discussion of the measures to be
voted on in Tuesday's election at the
meeting to be held in the Woman's
Clubhouse Monday evening at 7:30.
Members of the faculty will open the
the discussion of the measures to be
voted on in Tuesday's election at the
meeting to be held in the Woman's
Clubhouse Monday evening at 7:30.
Members of the faculty will open the
the discussion of the measures to be
voted on in Tuesday's election at the
meeting to be held in the Woman's
Clubhouse Monday evening at 7:30.
Members of the faculty will open the
the discussion of the measures to be
voted on in Tuesday's election at the
meeting to be held in the Woman's
Clubhouse Monday evening at 7:30.
Members of the faculty will open the
the discussion of the measures to be
voted on in Tuesday's election at the
meeting to be held in the Woman's
Clubhouse Monday evening at 7:30.
Members of the faculty will open the
the discussion of the measures to be
voted on in Tuesday's election at the
meeting to be held in the Woman's
Clubhouse Monday evening at 7:30.
Members of the faculty will open the
the discussion of the measures to be
voted on in Tuesday's election at the
meeting to be held in the Woman's
Clubhouse Monday evening at 7:30.
Members of the faculty will open the
the discussion of the measures to be
voted on in Tuesday's election at the
meeting to be held in the Woman's
Clubhouse Monday evening at 7:30.
