# Cindermen Will See Track, Field Movies
## 
### 
Varsity .-incl freshman trackmen
will meet in Room 41 of the B.A.C.
building at 7:30 o'clock tonight
for a meeting with Coach Bill
Ellington. Moving pictures will be
shown by Husky Hunt of track and
field athletes.
Varsity .-incl freshman trackmen
will meet in Room 41 of the B.A.C.
building at 7:30 o'clock tonight
for a meeting with Coach Bill
Ellington. Moving pictures will be
shown by Husky Hunt of track and
field athletes.
Varsity .-incl freshman trackmen
will meet in Room 41 of the B.A.C.
building at 7:30 o'clock tonight
for a meeting with Coach Bill
Ellington. Moving pictures will be
shown by Husky Hunt of track and
field athletes.
Varsity .-incl freshman trackmen
will meet in Room 41 of the B.A.C.
building at 7:30 o'clock tonight
for a meeting with Coach Bill
Ellington. Moving pictures will be
shown by Husky Hunt of track and
field athletes.
Varsity .-incl freshman trackmen
will meet in Room 41 of the B.A.C.
building at 7:30 o'clock tonight
for a meeting with Coach Bill
Ellington. Moving pictures will be
shown by Husky Hunt of track and
field athletes.
Varsity .-incl freshman trackmen
will meet in Room 41 of the B.A.C.
building at 7:30 o'clock tonight
for a meeting with Coach Bill
Ellington. Moving pictures will be
shown by Husky Hunt of track and
field athletes.
Varsity .-incl freshman trackmen
will meet in Room 41 of the B.A.C.
building at 7:30 o'clock tonight
for a meeting with Coach Bill
Ellington. Moving pictures will be
shown by Husky Hunt of track and
field athletes.
Varsity .-incl freshman trackmen
will meet in Room 41 of the B.A.C.
building at 7:30 o'clock tonight
for a meeting with Coach Bill
Ellington. Moving pictures will be
shown by Husky Hunt of track and
field athletes.
Varsity .-incl freshman trackmen
will meet in Room 41 of the B.A.C.
building at 7:30 o'clock tonight
for a meeting with Coach Bill
Ellington. Moving pictures will be
shown by Husky Hunt of track and
field athletes.
Varsity .-incl freshman trackmen
will meet in Room 41 of the B.A.C.
building at 7:30 o'clock tonight
for a meeting with Coach Bill
Ellington. Moving pictures will be
shown by Husky Hunt of track and
field athletes.
Varsity .-incl freshman trackmen
will meet in Room 41 of the B.A.C.
building at 7:30 o'clock tonight
for a meeting with Coach Bill
Ellington. Moving pictures will be
shown by Husky Hunt of track and
field athletes.
Varsity .-incl freshman trackmen
will meet in Room 41 of the B.A.C.
building at 7:30 o'clock tonight
for a meeting with Coach Bill
Ellington. Moving pictures will be
shown by Husky Hunt of track and
field athletes.
Varsity .-incl freshman trackmen
will meet in Room 41 of the B.A.C.
building at 7:30 o'clock tonight
for a meeting with Coach Bill
Ellington. Moving pictures will be
shown by Husky Hunt of track and
field athletes.
Varsity .-incl freshman trackmen
will meet in Room 41 of the B.A.C.
building at 7:30 o'clock tonight
for a meeting with Coach Bill
Ellington. Moving pictures will be
shown by Husky Hunt of track and
field athletes.
Varsity .-incl freshman trackmen
will meet in Room 41 of the B.A.C.
building at 7:30 o'clock tonight
for a meeting with Coach Bill
Ellington. Moving pictures will be
shown by Husky Hunt of track and
field athletes.
Varsity .-incl freshman trackmen
will meet in Room 41 of the B.A.C.
building at 7:30 o'clock tonight
for a meeting with Coach Bill
Ellington. Moving pictures will be
shown by Husky Hunt of track and
field athletes.
Varsity .-incl freshman trackmen
will meet in Room 41 of the B.A.C.
building at 7:30 o'clock tonight
for a meeting with Coach Bill
Ellington. Moving pictures will be
shown by Husky Hunt of track and
field athletes.
