# FERRY TRAVELS TO URUGUAY
## 
### 

A FAR CRY from its usual voyage across S:>n Francisco Bay is the 9000-mile trip to Uruguay to be taken
by the Southern Pacific ferry, Yosemite, which has been sold to the Uruguayan government, where it
will ply across the River Plata between Montevideo and Buenos Aires. Captain Eduardo Saenz, inset,
retired Uruguayan naval officer, will head the expedition.

A FAR CRY from its usual voyage across S:>n Francisco Bay is the 9000-mile trip to Uruguay to be taken
by the Southern Pacific ferry, Yosemite, which has been sold to the Uruguayan government, where it
will ply across the River Plata between Montevideo and Buenos Aires. Captain Eduardo Saenz, inset,
retired Uruguayan naval officer, will head the expedition.

A FAR CRY from its usual voyage across S:>n Francisco Bay is the 9000-mile trip to Uruguay to be taken
by the Southern Pacific ferry, Yosemite, which has been sold to the Uruguayan government, where it
will ply across the River Plata between Montevideo and Buenos Aires. Captain Eduardo Saenz, inset,
retired Uruguayan naval officer, will head the expedition.

A FAR CRY from its usual voyage across S:>n Francisco Bay is the 9000-mile trip to Uruguay to be taken
by the Southern Pacific ferry, Yosemite, which has been sold to the Uruguayan government, where it
will ply across the River Plata between Montevideo and Buenos Aires. Captain Eduardo Saenz, inset,
retired Uruguayan naval officer, will head the expedition.

A FAR CRY from its usual voyage across S:>n Francisco Bay is the 9000-mile trip to Uruguay to be taken
by the Southern Pacific ferry, Yosemite, which has been sold to the Uruguayan government, where it
will ply across the River Plata between Montevideo and Buenos Aires. Captain Eduardo Saenz, inset,
retired Uruguayan naval officer, will head the expedition.

A FAR CRY from its usual voyage across S:>n Francisco Bay is the 9000-mile trip to Uruguay to be taken
by the Southern Pacific ferry, Yosemite, which has been sold to the Uruguayan government, where it
will ply across the River Plata between Montevideo and Buenos Aires. Captain Eduardo Saenz, inset,
retired Uruguayan naval officer, will head the expedition.

A FAR CRY from its usual voyage across S:>n Francisco Bay is the 9000-mile trip to Uruguay to be taken
by the Southern Pacific ferry, Yosemite, which has been sold to the Uruguayan government, where it
will ply across the River Plata between Montevideo and Buenos Aires. Captain Eduardo Saenz, inset,
retired Uruguayan naval officer, will head the expedition.

A FAR CRY from its usual voyage across S:>n Francisco Bay is the 9000-mile trip to Uruguay to be taken
by the Southern Pacific ferry, Yosemite, which has been sold to the Uruguayan government, where it
will ply across the River Plata between Montevideo and Buenos Aires. Captain Eduardo Saenz, inset,
retired Uruguayan naval officer, will head the expedition.

A FAR CRY from its usual voyage across S:>n Francisco Bay is the 9000-mile trip to Uruguay to be taken
by the Southern Pacific ferry, Yosemite, which has been sold to the Uruguayan government, where it
will ply across the River Plata between Montevideo and Buenos Aires. Captain Eduardo Saenz, inset,
retired Uruguayan naval officer, will head the expedition.

A FAR CRY from its usual voyage across S:>n Francisco Bay is the 9000-mile trip to Uruguay to be taken
by the Southern Pacific ferry, Yosemite, which has been sold to the Uruguayan government, where it
will ply across the River Plata between Montevideo and Buenos Aires. Captain Eduardo Saenz, inset,
retired Uruguayan naval officer, will head the expedition.

A FAR CRY from its usual voyage across S:>n Francisco Bay is the 9000-mile trip to Uruguay to be taken
by the Southern Pacific ferry, Yosemite, which has been sold to the Uruguayan government, where it
will ply across the River Plata between Montevideo and Buenos Aires. Captain Eduardo Saenz, inset,
retired Uruguayan naval officer, will head the expedition.

A FAR CRY from its usual voyage across S:>n Francisco Bay is the 9000-mile trip to Uruguay to be taken
by the Southern Pacific ferry, Yosemite, which has been sold to the Uruguayan government, where it
will ply across the River Plata between Montevideo and Buenos Aires. Captain Eduardo Saenz, inset,
retired Uruguayan naval officer, will head the expedition.

A FAR CRY from its usual voyage across S:>n Francisco Bay is the 9000-mile trip to Uruguay to be taken
by the Southern Pacific ferry, Yosemite, which has been sold to the Uruguayan government, where it
will ply across the River Plata between Montevideo and Buenos Aires. Captain Eduardo Saenz, inset,
retired Uruguayan naval officer, will head the expedition.

A FAR CRY from its usual voyage across S:>n Francisco Bay is the 9000-mile trip to Uruguay to be taken
by the Southern Pacific ferry, Yosemite, which has been sold to the Uruguayan government, where it
will ply across the River Plata between Montevideo and Buenos Aires. Captain Eduardo Saenz, inset,
retired Uruguayan naval officer, will head the expedition.

A FAR CRY from its usual voyage across S:>n Francisco Bay is the 9000-mile trip to Uruguay to be taken
by the Southern Pacific ferry, Yosemite, which has been sold to the Uruguayan government, where it
will ply across the River Plata between Montevideo and Buenos Aires. Captain Eduardo Saenz, inset,
retired Uruguayan naval officer, will head the expedition.

A FAR CRY from its usual voyage across S:>n Francisco Bay is the 9000-mile trip to Uruguay to be taken
by the Southern Pacific ferry, Yosemite, which has been sold to the Uruguayan government, where it
will ply across the River Plata between Montevideo and Buenos Aires. Captain Eduardo Saenz, inset,
retired Uruguayan naval officer, will head the expedition.

A FAR CRY from its usual voyage across S:>n Francisco Bay is the 9000-mile trip to Uruguay to be taken
by the Southern Pacific ferry, Yosemite, which has been sold to the Uruguayan government, where it
will ply across the River Plata between Montevideo and Buenos Aires. Captain Eduardo Saenz, inset,
retired Uruguayan naval officer, will head the expedition.
