# COX IS ACQUITTED
## PROSECUTION FAILED TO ESTABLISH CASE. Jury Brings in Verdict of Not Guilty After Ten Minutes' Deliberation. 
### 
After ten minutes' deliberation
the jury, in the ease of A. B. Cox,
'07, arrested in connection with the
Mullen's Hall riot, returned a ver
dict of "not guilty." From the
opening of the case at 10 o'clock
this morning, it was evident that
the prosecution was making a weak
attempt to convict and the verdict
was no surprise to the large crowd
of students and townspeople who
attended the trial. Assistant Dis
trict Attorney C. C. Cooley of San
Jose appeared for the prosecution,
and W. Rogers was attorney for the
defense.
The entire morning session was
devoted to impanelling a jury from
the venire of thirty-tive which was
called yesterday. The case had
been so widely discussed in Palo
Alto that almost all of the prospec
tive jurymen were prejudiced in
one way or another. The defense
also greatly delayed the proceed
ings by using all of its ten peremp
tory challenges, while the prosecut
ing attorney objected but once. At
torney Rogers seemed to have a pe
culiar antipathy for any jurymen
connected with the University.
Professors Young of the Chemistry
Department, Rolfe of the Greek De
partment, and Noyes of the Art
Department, as well as W. F. Hyde
of the University Bookstore were
all dismissed on peremptory chal
lenges from him. After the venire
had been almost totally exhausted
the following jury was impanelled:
J. Peterson, teamster; J. W. Rose
brook, carpenter; R. H. Walker,
architect; J. B. Daley, real estate;
T. Cardoza, contractor; J. Bille,
bookkeeper; G. Rosebrook, mason;
J. Farmin, teamster; H. Nissen,
gardiner; E. L. Sloan, seed grower;
J. S. Lakin, mining; J. C. Foss,
retired.
After the noon recess, the court
listened to the testimony of the
witnesses. Mr. Coolidge for the
prosecution called four, Peter
Mullen, Chief Hill, R. Smith, and
\V. Cobb, both of the latter being
deputies at the riot. They all tes
tified that Cox was present at the
time and that he was noisy and
refused to stop on being cautioned
by the officers. With this testi
mony the prosecution rested its
case.
Rogers then moved that the case
be discharged on theground that the
complaint against Cox was tech
nically illegal. After some discus
sion Justice Charles overruled the
motion. The defense then called
five students who were present at
the riot and who all testified that
Cox was trying to quell rather than
to incite the dirturbance. The
prisoner was put on the stand in
his own behalf, and stated clearly
and simply that he was not impli
cated in the rioting. "Dad" Moulton
and several other witnesses testified
to Cox's past good record. Both
the attorneys in their arguments
closed the case merely by review
ing the testimony and pointing out
the weak spots in it to the jury.
The court-room was then cleared
and that body took the case under
advisement.
Chief Hill stated to-night that
the police would not drop the mat
ter and that the students may look
for more arrests in the near future.
