# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The recommendations of the
Faculty Athletic Committees of
Stanford and California may be
interpreted so that the game need
not be radically changed. It is
hoped that the committee on a
change in the rules will take a
broad interpretation of the recom
mendation. Conditions on this
coast, no matter what they may be
in the East, do not necessitate any
radical change. Stanford and
California played clean football
from start to finish last month,
and the game was not brutal, nor
were there any Berious injuries.
With this in view, it does not seem
possible, or even probable, that a
fair minded body of men should
change the game beyond recogni
tion, which is the fear of lovers of
the sport.
The recommendations of the
Faculty Athletic Committees of
Stanford and California may be
interpreted so that the game need
not be radically changed. It is
hoped that the committee on a
change in the rules will take a
broad interpretation of the recom
mendation. Conditions on this
coast, no matter what they may be
in the East, do not necessitate any
radical change. Stanford and
California played clean football
from start to finish last month,
and the game was not brutal, nor
were there any Berious injuries.
With this in view, it does not seem
possible, or even probable, that a
fair minded body of men should
change the game beyond recogni
tion, which is the fear of lovers of
the sport.
The recommendations of the
Faculty Athletic Committees of
Stanford and California may be
interpreted so that the game need
not be radically changed. It is
hoped that the committee on a
change in the rules will take a
broad interpretation of the recom
mendation. Conditions on this
coast, no matter what they may be
in the East, do not necessitate any
radical change. Stanford and
California played clean football
from start to finish last month,
and the game was not brutal, nor
were there any Berious injuries.
With this in view, it does not seem
possible, or even probable, that a
fair minded body of men should
change the game beyond recogni
tion, which is the fear of lovers of
the sport.
The recommendations of the
Faculty Athletic Committees of
Stanford and California may be
interpreted so that the game need
not be radically changed. It is
hoped that the committee on a
change in the rules will take a
broad interpretation of the recom
mendation. Conditions on this
coast, no matter what they may be
in the East, do not necessitate any
radical change. Stanford and
California played clean football
from start to finish last month,
and the game was not brutal, nor
were there any Berious injuries.
With this in view, it does not seem
possible, or even probable, that a
fair minded body of men should
change the game beyond recogni
tion, which is the fear of lovers of
the sport.
The recommendations of the
Faculty Athletic Committees of
Stanford and California may be
interpreted so that the game need
not be radically changed. It is
hoped that the committee on a
change in the rules will take a
broad interpretation of the recom
mendation. Conditions on this
coast, no matter what they may be
in the East, do not necessitate any
radical change. Stanford and
California played clean football
from start to finish last month,
and the game was not brutal, nor
were there any Berious injuries.
With this in view, it does not seem
possible, or even probable, that a
fair minded body of men should
change the game beyond recogni
tion, which is the fear of lovers of
the sport.
The recommendations of the
Faculty Athletic Committees of
Stanford and California may be
interpreted so that the game need
not be radically changed. It is
hoped that the committee on a
change in the rules will take a
broad interpretation of the recom
mendation. Conditions on this
coast, no matter what they may be
in the East, do not necessitate any
radical change. Stanford and
California played clean football
from start to finish last month,
and the game was not brutal, nor
were there any Berious injuries.
With this in view, it does not seem
possible, or even probable, that a
fair minded body of men should
change the game beyond recogni
tion, which is the fear of lovers of
the sport.
The recommendations of the
Faculty Athletic Committees of
Stanford and California may be
interpreted so that the game need
not be radically changed. It is
hoped that the committee on a
change in the rules will take a
broad interpretation of the recom
mendation. Conditions on this
coast, no matter what they may be
in the East, do not necessitate any
radical change. Stanford and
California played clean football
from start to finish last month,
and the game was not brutal, nor
were there any Berious injuries.
With this in view, it does not seem
possible, or even probable, that a
fair minded body of men should
change the game beyond recogni
tion, which is the fear of lovers of
the sport.
The recommendations of the
Faculty Athletic Committees of
Stanford and California may be
interpreted so that the game need
not be radically changed. It is
hoped that the committee on a
change in the rules will take a
broad interpretation of the recom
mendation. Conditions on this
coast, no matter what they may be
in the East, do not necessitate any
radical change. Stanford and
California played clean football
from start to finish last month,
and the game was not brutal, nor
were there any Berious injuries.
With this in view, it does not seem
possible, or even probable, that a
fair minded body of men should
change the game beyond recogni
tion, which is the fear of lovers of
the sport.
The recommendations of the
Faculty Athletic Committees of
Stanford and California may be
interpreted so that the game need
not be radically changed. It is
hoped that the committee on a
change in the rules will take a
broad interpretation of the recom
mendation. Conditions on this
coast, no matter what they may be
in the East, do not necessitate any
radical change. Stanford and
California played clean football
from start to finish last month,
and the game was not brutal, nor
were there any Berious injuries.
With this in view, it does not seem
possible, or even probable, that a
fair minded body of men should
change the game beyond recogni
tion, which is the fear of lovers of
the sport.
