# Weather:
## 
### 
Mostly sunny today and tomorrow, with low clouds and fog
extending inland nights and mornings. Slightly cooler inland in
the afternoons, with highs from the upper 50s along the coast
to the 60s and low 70s inland. Westerly winds to 35 mph on the
Bay.
Mostly sunny today and tomorrow, with low clouds and fog
extending inland nights and mornings. Slightly cooler inland in
the afternoons, with highs from the upper 50s along the coast
to the 60s and low 70s inland. Westerly winds to 35 mph on the
Bay.
Mostly sunny today and tomorrow, with low clouds and fog
extending inland nights and mornings. Slightly cooler inland in
the afternoons, with highs from the upper 50s along the coast
to the 60s and low 70s inland. Westerly winds to 35 mph on the
Bay.
Mostly sunny today and tomorrow, with low clouds and fog
extending inland nights and mornings. Slightly cooler inland in
the afternoons, with highs from the upper 50s along the coast
to the 60s and low 70s inland. Westerly winds to 35 mph on the
Bay.
Mostly sunny today and tomorrow, with low clouds and fog
extending inland nights and mornings. Slightly cooler inland in
the afternoons, with highs from the upper 50s along the coast
to the 60s and low 70s inland. Westerly winds to 35 mph on the
Bay.
Mostly sunny today and tomorrow, with low clouds and fog
extending inland nights and mornings. Slightly cooler inland in
the afternoons, with highs from the upper 50s along the coast
to the 60s and low 70s inland. Westerly winds to 35 mph on the
Bay.
Mostly sunny today and tomorrow, with low clouds and fog
extending inland nights and mornings. Slightly cooler inland in
the afternoons, with highs from the upper 50s along the coast
to the 60s and low 70s inland. Westerly winds to 35 mph on the
Bay.
Mostly sunny today and tomorrow, with low clouds and fog
extending inland nights and mornings. Slightly cooler inland in
the afternoons, with highs from the upper 50s along the coast
to the 60s and low 70s inland. Westerly winds to 35 mph on the
Bay.
Mostly sunny today and tomorrow, with low clouds and fog
extending inland nights and mornings. Slightly cooler inland in
the afternoons, with highs from the upper 50s along the coast
to the 60s and low 70s inland. Westerly winds to 35 mph on the
Bay.
