# Adv. 6 Page 3
## 
### 
I. C.
. . . gray worsted trousers
are just about as popular
as ever.
I. C.
. . . gray worsted trousers
are just about as popular
as ever.
I. C.
. . . gray worsted trousers
are just about as popular
as ever.
I. C.
. . . gray worsted trousers
are just about as popular
as ever.
I. C.
. . . gray worsted trousers
are just about as popular
as ever.
I. C.
. . . gray worsted trousers
are just about as popular
as ever.
I. C.
. . . gray worsted trousers
are just about as popular
as ever.
I. C.
. . . gray worsted trousers
are just about as popular
as ever.
I. C.
. . . gray worsted trousers
are just about as popular
as ever.
I. C.
. . . gray worsted trousers
are just about as popular
as ever.
I. C.
. . . gray worsted trousers
are just about as popular
as ever.
I. C.
. . . gray worsted trousers
are just about as popular
as ever.
I. C.
. . . gray worsted trousers
are just about as popular
as ever.
I. C.
. . . gray worsted trousers
are just about as popular
as ever.
