# Card Men Visit Alameda High
## 
### 
Under Ex Committee sponsorship,
a committee under Marvie Kahn
yesterday presented a program be
fore Alameda High School assembly.
A.S.S.U. President Bill Corbus de
cided that the visit to this high
school will be an annual one, de
signed to further high-school and
college athletics as well as to in
terest the students in Stanford.
Those who attended were Ben
Eastman, Jim Triolo, Bill Miller,
Paul Targhetta, and the Stanford
Glee Club. Although it has not yet
been definitely decided, Lowell High
School in San Francisco may be the
next student body visited by the
committee. This school yearly sends
a large number of students to Stan
ford.
