# San Quentin Debate Scheduled Next Sunday
## 
### 
Starting off the debating schedule
for next week, Ike Livermore,
president of the interfraternity
council, and Leonard Bloom, presi
dent of Delta Sigma'Rho, travel to
San Quentin State Penitentiary Sun
day to argue the question of can- '
cellation against felon orators.
H. A. Shuder, prison director of
education, has invited the men to
attend a San Quentin dinner before
the debate. He states that in all
probability the prison team will be
composed of ex-university men. Ex
attorneys have been barred from
competition.
Starting off the debating schedule
for next week, Ike Livermore,
president of the interfraternity
council, and Leonard Bloom, presi
dent of Delta Sigma'Rho, travel to
San Quentin State Penitentiary Sun
day to argue the question of can- '
cellation against felon orators.
H. A. Shuder, prison director of
education, has invited the men to
attend a San Quentin dinner before
the debate. He states that in all
probability the prison team will be
composed of ex-university men. Ex
attorneys have been barred from
competition.
Starting off the debating schedule
for next week, Ike Livermore,
president of the interfraternity
council, and Leonard Bloom, presi
dent of Delta Sigma'Rho, travel to
San Quentin State Penitentiary Sun
day to argue the question of can- '
cellation against felon orators.
H. A. Shuder, prison director of
education, has invited the men to
attend a San Quentin dinner before
the debate. He states that in all
probability the prison team will be
composed of ex-university men. Ex
attorneys have been barred from
competition.
Starting off the debating schedule
for next week, Ike Livermore,
president of the interfraternity
council, and Leonard Bloom, presi
dent of Delta Sigma'Rho, travel to
San Quentin State Penitentiary Sun
day to argue the question of can- '
cellation against felon orators.
H. A. Shuder, prison director of
education, has invited the men to
attend a San Quentin dinner before
the debate. He states that in all
probability the prison team will be
composed of ex-university men. Ex
attorneys have been barred from
competition.
Starting off the debating schedule
for next week, Ike Livermore,
president of the interfraternity
council, and Leonard Bloom, presi
dent of Delta Sigma'Rho, travel to
San Quentin State Penitentiary Sun
day to argue the question of can- '
cellation against felon orators.
H. A. Shuder, prison director of
education, has invited the men to
attend a San Quentin dinner before
the debate. He states that in all
probability the prison team will be
composed of ex-university men. Ex
attorneys have been barred from
competition.
Starting off the debating schedule
for next week, Ike Livermore,
president of the interfraternity
council, and Leonard Bloom, presi
dent of Delta Sigma'Rho, travel to
San Quentin State Penitentiary Sun
day to argue the question of can- '
cellation against felon orators.
H. A. Shuder, prison director of
education, has invited the men to
attend a San Quentin dinner before
the debate. He states that in all
probability the prison team will be
composed of ex-university men. Ex
attorneys have been barred from
competition.
Starting off the debating schedule
for next week, Ike Livermore,
president of the interfraternity
council, and Leonard Bloom, presi
dent of Delta Sigma'Rho, travel to
San Quentin State Penitentiary Sun
day to argue the question of can- '
cellation against felon orators.
H. A. Shuder, prison director of
education, has invited the men to
attend a San Quentin dinner before
the debate. He states that in all
probability the prison team will be
composed of ex-university men. Ex
attorneys have been barred from
competition.
Starting off the debating schedule
for next week, Ike Livermore,
president of the interfraternity
council, and Leonard Bloom, presi
dent of Delta Sigma'Rho, travel to
San Quentin State Penitentiary Sun
day to argue the question of can- '
cellation against felon orators.
H. A. Shuder, prison director of
education, has invited the men to
attend a San Quentin dinner before
the debate. He states that in all
probability the prison team will be
composed of ex-university men. Ex
attorneys have been barred from
competition.
Starting off the debating schedule
for next week, Ike Livermore,
president of the interfraternity
council, and Leonard Bloom, presi
dent of Delta Sigma'Rho, travel to
San Quentin State Penitentiary Sun
day to argue the question of can- '
cellation against felon orators.
H. A. Shuder, prison director of
education, has invited the men to
attend a San Quentin dinner before
the debate. He states that in all
probability the prison team will be
composed of ex-university men. Ex
attorneys have been barred from
competition.
Starting off the debating schedule
for next week, Ike Livermore,
president of the interfraternity
council, and Leonard Bloom, presi
dent of Delta Sigma'Rho, travel to
San Quentin State Penitentiary Sun
day to argue the question of can- '
cellation against felon orators.
H. A. Shuder, prison director of
education, has invited the men to
attend a San Quentin dinner before
the debate. He states that in all
probability the prison team will be
composed of ex-university men. Ex
attorneys have been barred from
competition.
Starting off the debating schedule
for next week, Ike Livermore,
president of the interfraternity
council, and Leonard Bloom, presi
dent of Delta Sigma'Rho, travel to
San Quentin State Penitentiary Sun
day to argue the question of can- '
cellation against felon orators.
H. A. Shuder, prison director of
education, has invited the men to
attend a San Quentin dinner before
the debate. He states that in all
probability the prison team will be
composed of ex-university men. Ex
attorneys have been barred from
competition.
Starting off the debating schedule
for next week, Ike Livermore,
president of the interfraternity
council, and Leonard Bloom, presi
dent of Delta Sigma'Rho, travel to
San Quentin State Penitentiary Sun
day to argue the question of can- '
cellation against felon orators.
H. A. Shuder, prison director of
education, has invited the men to
attend a San Quentin dinner before
the debate. He states that in all
probability the prison team will be
composed of ex-university men. Ex
attorneys have been barred from
competition.
Starting off the debating schedule
for next week, Ike Livermore,
president of the interfraternity
council, and Leonard Bloom, presi
dent of Delta Sigma'Rho, travel to
San Quentin State Penitentiary Sun
day to argue the question of can- '
cellation against felon orators.
H. A. Shuder, prison director of
education, has invited the men to
attend a San Quentin dinner before
the debate. He states that in all
probability the prison team will be
composed of ex-university men. Ex
attorneys have been barred from
competition.
Starting off the debating schedule
for next week, Ike Livermore,
president of the interfraternity
council, and Leonard Bloom, presi
dent of Delta Sigma'Rho, travel to
San Quentin State Penitentiary Sun
day to argue the question of can- '
cellation against felon orators.
H. A. Shuder, prison director of
education, has invited the men to
attend a San Quentin dinner before
the debate. He states that in all
probability the prison team will be
composed of ex-university men. Ex
attorneys have been barred from
competition.
