# Adv. 12 Page 3
## 
### 
Formal Is as Formal Does
The Wideman
Prom Tux
is the essence of formality
merely 22 dollars
PALO ALTO
Formal Is as Formal Does
The Wideman
Prom Tux
is the essence of formality
merely 22 dollars
PALO ALTO
Formal Is as Formal Does
The Wideman
Prom Tux
is the essence of formality
merely 22 dollars
PALO ALTO
Formal Is as Formal Does
The Wideman
Prom Tux
is the essence of formality
merely 22 dollars
PALO ALTO
Formal Is as Formal Does
The Wideman
Prom Tux
is the essence of formality
merely 22 dollars
PALO ALTO
Formal Is as Formal Does
The Wideman
Prom Tux
is the essence of formality
merely 22 dollars
PALO ALTO
Formal Is as Formal Does
The Wideman
Prom Tux
is the essence of formality
merely 22 dollars
PALO ALTO
Formal Is as Formal Does
The Wideman
Prom Tux
is the essence of formality
merely 22 dollars
PALO ALTO
Formal Is as Formal Does
The Wideman
Prom Tux
is the essence of formality
merely 22 dollars
PALO ALTO
Formal Is as Formal Does
The Wideman
Prom Tux
is the essence of formality
merely 22 dollars
PALO ALTO
Formal Is as Formal Does
The Wideman
Prom Tux
is the essence of formality
merely 22 dollars
PALO ALTO
Formal Is as Formal Does
The Wideman
Prom Tux
is the essence of formality
merely 22 dollars
PALO ALTO
Formal Is as Formal Does
The Wideman
Prom Tux
is the essence of formality
merely 22 dollars
PALO ALTO
Formal Is as Formal Does
The Wideman
Prom Tux
is the essence of formality
merely 22 dollars
PALO ALTO
Formal Is as Formal Does
The Wideman
Prom Tux
is the essence of formality
merely 22 dollars
PALO ALTO
Formal Is as Formal Does
The Wideman
Prom Tux
is the essence of formality
merely 22 dollars
PALO ALTO
