# Novice Tennis Entries Fail To Play Matches
## 
### 
Although the list for the Fall
Quarter Novice Championship tour
nament has been posted for two
weeks, scarcely any matches have
been played, with but four actual
weeks of playing left.
There is a separate tournament for
each class, so that four victors will
be named at the end of the quarter.
As. usual, the seniors seem to have
made better progress in getting
under way, with practically all en
tered having played their first
round matches, and some their sec
ond rounds.
The other classes have only to
morrow to finish their first-round
matches, Coach Bugge states. If this
is not done, the men will automati
cally default.
Superannuated automobile en
gines in large numbers have been
shipped from the Pacific coast to
China to be used as motors in river
sampans.
Although the list for the Fall
Quarter Novice Championship tour
nament has been posted for two
weeks, scarcely any matches have
been played, with but four actual
weeks of playing left.
There is a separate tournament for
each class, so that four victors will
be named at the end of the quarter.
As. usual, the seniors seem to have
made better progress in getting
under way, with practically all en
tered having played their first
round matches, and some their sec
ond rounds.
The other classes have only to
morrow to finish their first-round
matches, Coach Bugge states. If this
is not done, the men will automati
cally default.
Superannuated automobile en
gines in large numbers have been
shipped from the Pacific coast to
China to be used as motors in river
sampans.
Although the list for the Fall
Quarter Novice Championship tour
nament has been posted for two
weeks, scarcely any matches have
been played, with but four actual
weeks of playing left.
There is a separate tournament for
each class, so that four victors will
be named at the end of the quarter.
As. usual, the seniors seem to have
made better progress in getting
under way, with practically all en
tered having played their first
round matches, and some their sec
ond rounds.
The other classes have only to
morrow to finish their first-round
matches, Coach Bugge states. If this
is not done, the men will automati
cally default.
Superannuated automobile en
gines in large numbers have been
shipped from the Pacific coast to
China to be used as motors in river
sampans.
Although the list for the Fall
Quarter Novice Championship tour
nament has been posted for two
weeks, scarcely any matches have
been played, with but four actual
weeks of playing left.
There is a separate tournament for
each class, so that four victors will
be named at the end of the quarter.
As. usual, the seniors seem to have
made better progress in getting
under way, with practically all en
tered having played their first
round matches, and some their sec
ond rounds.
The other classes have only to
morrow to finish their first-round
matches, Coach Bugge states. If this
is not done, the men will automati
cally default.
Superannuated automobile en
gines in large numbers have been
shipped from the Pacific coast to
China to be used as motors in river
sampans.
Although the list for the Fall
Quarter Novice Championship tour
nament has been posted for two
weeks, scarcely any matches have
been played, with but four actual
weeks of playing left.
There is a separate tournament for
each class, so that four victors will
be named at the end of the quarter.
As. usual, the seniors seem to have
made better progress in getting
under way, with practically all en
tered having played their first
round matches, and some their sec
ond rounds.
The other classes have only to
morrow to finish their first-round
matches, Coach Bugge states. If this
is not done, the men will automati
cally default.
Superannuated automobile en
gines in large numbers have been
shipped from the Pacific coast to
China to be used as motors in river
sampans.
Although the list for the Fall
Quarter Novice Championship tour
nament has been posted for two
weeks, scarcely any matches have
been played, with but four actual
weeks of playing left.
There is a separate tournament for
each class, so that four victors will
be named at the end of the quarter.
As. usual, the seniors seem to have
made better progress in getting
under way, with practically all en
tered having played their first
round matches, and some their sec
ond rounds.
The other classes have only to
morrow to finish their first-round
matches, Coach Bugge states. If this
is not done, the men will automati
cally default.
Superannuated automobile en
gines in large numbers have been
shipped from the Pacific coast to
China to be used as motors in river
sampans.
Although the list for the Fall
Quarter Novice Championship tour
nament has been posted for two
weeks, scarcely any matches have
been played, with but four actual
weeks of playing left.
There is a separate tournament for
each class, so that four victors will
be named at the end of the quarter.
As. usual, the seniors seem to have
made better progress in getting
under way, with practically all en
tered having played their first
round matches, and some their sec
ond rounds.
The other classes have only to
morrow to finish their first-round
matches, Coach Bugge states. If this
is not done, the men will automati
cally default.
Superannuated automobile en
gines in large numbers have been
shipped from the Pacific coast to
China to be used as motors in river
sampans.
Although the list for the Fall
Quarter Novice Championship tour
nament has been posted for two
weeks, scarcely any matches have
been played, with but four actual
weeks of playing left.
There is a separate tournament for
each class, so that four victors will
be named at the end of the quarter.
As. usual, the seniors seem to have
made better progress in getting
under way, with practically all en
tered having played their first
round matches, and some their sec
ond rounds.
The other classes have only to
morrow to finish their first-round
matches, Coach Bugge states. If this
is not done, the men will automati
cally default.
Superannuated automobile en
gines in large numbers have been
shipped from the Pacific coast to
China to be used as motors in river
sampans.
Although the list for the Fall
Quarter Novice Championship tour
nament has been posted for two
weeks, scarcely any matches have
been played, with but four actual
weeks of playing left.
There is a separate tournament for
each class, so that four victors will
be named at the end of the quarter.
As. usual, the seniors seem to have
made better progress in getting
under way, with practically all en
tered having played their first
round matches, and some their sec
ond rounds.
The other classes have only to
morrow to finish their first-round
matches, Coach Bugge states. If this
is not done, the men will automati
cally default.
Superannuated automobile en
gines in large numbers have been
shipped from the Pacific coast to
China to be used as motors in river
sampans.
Although the list for the Fall
Quarter Novice Championship tour
nament has been posted for two
weeks, scarcely any matches have
been played, with but four actual
weeks of playing left.
There is a separate tournament for
each class, so that four victors will
be named at the end of the quarter.
As. usual, the seniors seem to have
made better progress in getting
under way, with practically all en
tered having played their first
round matches, and some their sec
ond rounds.
The other classes have only to
morrow to finish their first-round
matches, Coach Bugge states. If this
is not done, the men will automati
cally default.
Superannuated automobile en
gines in large numbers have been
shipped from the Pacific coast to
China to be used as motors in river
sampans.
Although the list for the Fall
Quarter Novice Championship tour
nament has been posted for two
weeks, scarcely any matches have
been played, with but four actual
weeks of playing left.
There is a separate tournament for
each class, so that four victors will
be named at the end of the quarter.
As. usual, the seniors seem to have
made better progress in getting
under way, with practically all en
tered having played their first
round matches, and some their sec
ond rounds.
The other classes have only to
morrow to finish their first-round
matches, Coach Bugge states. If this
is not done, the men will automati
cally default.
Superannuated automobile en
gines in large numbers have been
shipped from the Pacific coast to
China to be used as motors in river
sampans.
Although the list for the Fall
Quarter Novice Championship tour
nament has been posted for two
weeks, scarcely any matches have
been played, with but four actual
weeks of playing left.
There is a separate tournament for
each class, so that four victors will
be named at the end of the quarter.
As. usual, the seniors seem to have
made better progress in getting
under way, with practically all en
tered having played their first
round matches, and some their sec
ond rounds.
The other classes have only to
morrow to finish their first-round
matches, Coach Bugge states. If this
is not done, the men will automati
cally default.
Superannuated automobile en
gines in large numbers have been
shipped from the Pacific coast to
China to be used as motors in river
sampans.
Although the list for the Fall
Quarter Novice Championship tour
nament has been posted for two
weeks, scarcely any matches have
been played, with but four actual
weeks of playing left.
There is a separate tournament for
each class, so that four victors will
be named at the end of the quarter.
As. usual, the seniors seem to have
made better progress in getting
under way, with practically all en
tered having played their first
round matches, and some their sec
ond rounds.
The other classes have only to
morrow to finish their first-round
matches, Coach Bugge states. If this
is not done, the men will automati
cally default.
Superannuated automobile en
gines in large numbers have been
shipped from the Pacific coast to
China to be used as motors in river
sampans.
Although the list for the Fall
Quarter Novice Championship tour
nament has been posted for two
weeks, scarcely any matches have
been played, with but four actual
weeks of playing left.
There is a separate tournament for
each class, so that four victors will
be named at the end of the quarter.
As. usual, the seniors seem to have
made better progress in getting
under way, with practically all en
tered having played their first
round matches, and some their sec
ond rounds.
The other classes have only to
morrow to finish their first-round
matches, Coach Bugge states. If this
is not done, the men will automati
cally default.
Superannuated automobile en
gines in large numbers have been
shipped from the Pacific coast to
China to be used as motors in river
sampans.
Although the list for the Fall
Quarter Novice Championship tour
nament has been posted for two
weeks, scarcely any matches have
been played, with but four actual
weeks of playing left.
There is a separate tournament for
each class, so that four victors will
be named at the end of the quarter.
As. usual, the seniors seem to have
made better progress in getting
under way, with practically all en
tered having played their first
round matches, and some their sec
ond rounds.
The other classes have only to
morrow to finish their first-round
matches, Coach Bugge states. If this
is not done, the men will automati
cally default.
Superannuated automobile en
gines in large numbers have been
shipped from the Pacific coast to
China to be used as motors in river
sampans.
Although the list for the Fall
Quarter Novice Championship tour
nament has been posted for two
weeks, scarcely any matches have
been played, with but four actual
weeks of playing left.
There is a separate tournament for
each class, so that four victors will
be named at the end of the quarter.
As. usual, the seniors seem to have
made better progress in getting
under way, with practically all en
tered having played their first
round matches, and some their sec
ond rounds.
The other classes have only to
morrow to finish their first-round
matches, Coach Bugge states. If this
is not done, the men will automati
cally default.
Superannuated automobile en
gines in large numbers have been
shipped from the Pacific coast to
China to be used as motors in river
sampans.
