# WOMEN GRADS MEET
## 
### 
All graduate women are invited to .
attend a meeting at 4:15 o'clock •
Thursday afternoon in the lobby of
Madrono Hall, according to Lucy
Guild, who is trying to organize the
graduate women. A name will be
chosen for the club and a faculty
reception planned.
All graduate women are invited to .
attend a meeting at 4:15 o'clock •
Thursday afternoon in the lobby of
Madrono Hall, according to Lucy
Guild, who is trying to organize the
graduate women. A name will be
chosen for the club and a faculty
reception planned.
All graduate women are invited to .
attend a meeting at 4:15 o'clock •
Thursday afternoon in the lobby of
Madrono Hall, according to Lucy
Guild, who is trying to organize the
graduate women. A name will be
chosen for the club and a faculty
reception planned.
All graduate women are invited to .
attend a meeting at 4:15 o'clock •
Thursday afternoon in the lobby of
Madrono Hall, according to Lucy
Guild, who is trying to organize the
graduate women. A name will be
chosen for the club and a faculty
reception planned.
All graduate women are invited to .
attend a meeting at 4:15 o'clock •
Thursday afternoon in the lobby of
Madrono Hall, according to Lucy
Guild, who is trying to organize the
graduate women. A name will be
chosen for the club and a faculty
reception planned.
All graduate women are invited to .
attend a meeting at 4:15 o'clock •
Thursday afternoon in the lobby of
Madrono Hall, according to Lucy
Guild, who is trying to organize the
graduate women. A name will be
chosen for the club and a faculty
reception planned.
All graduate women are invited to .
attend a meeting at 4:15 o'clock •
Thursday afternoon in the lobby of
Madrono Hall, according to Lucy
Guild, who is trying to organize the
graduate women. A name will be
chosen for the club and a faculty
reception planned.
All graduate women are invited to .
attend a meeting at 4:15 o'clock •
Thursday afternoon in the lobby of
Madrono Hall, according to Lucy
Guild, who is trying to organize the
graduate women. A name will be
chosen for the club and a faculty
reception planned.
All graduate women are invited to .
attend a meeting at 4:15 o'clock •
Thursday afternoon in the lobby of
Madrono Hall, according to Lucy
Guild, who is trying to organize the
graduate women. A name will be
chosen for the club and a faculty
reception planned.
All graduate women are invited to .
attend a meeting at 4:15 o'clock •
Thursday afternoon in the lobby of
Madrono Hall, according to Lucy
Guild, who is trying to organize the
graduate women. A name will be
chosen for the club and a faculty
reception planned.
All graduate women are invited to .
attend a meeting at 4:15 o'clock •
Thursday afternoon in the lobby of
Madrono Hall, according to Lucy
Guild, who is trying to organize the
graduate women. A name will be
chosen for the club and a faculty
reception planned.
All graduate women are invited to .
attend a meeting at 4:15 o'clock •
Thursday afternoon in the lobby of
Madrono Hall, according to Lucy
Guild, who is trying to organize the
graduate women. A name will be
chosen for the club and a faculty
reception planned.
All graduate women are invited to .
attend a meeting at 4:15 o'clock •
Thursday afternoon in the lobby of
Madrono Hall, according to Lucy
Guild, who is trying to organize the
graduate women. A name will be
chosen for the club and a faculty
reception planned.
All graduate women are invited to .
attend a meeting at 4:15 o'clock •
Thursday afternoon in the lobby of
Madrono Hall, according to Lucy
Guild, who is trying to organize the
graduate women. A name will be
chosen for the club and a faculty
reception planned.
All graduate women are invited to .
attend a meeting at 4:15 o'clock •
Thursday afternoon in the lobby of
Madrono Hall, according to Lucy
Guild, who is trying to organize the
graduate women. A name will be
chosen for the club and a faculty
reception planned.
All graduate women are invited to .
attend a meeting at 4:15 o'clock •
Thursday afternoon in the lobby of
Madrono Hall, according to Lucy
Guild, who is trying to organize the
graduate women. A name will be
chosen for the club and a faculty
reception planned.
