# Stage Mother
## 
### 

Linda Watkins, stage and screen
star, is the newest addition to the
ranks of Hollywood mothers. She
gave birth to a son in New York.
She is married to Gabriel Hess,
prominent attorney of New York,
Chicago and Los Angeles. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

Linda Watkins, stage and screen
star, is the newest addition to the
ranks of Hollywood mothers. She
gave birth to a son in New York.
She is married to Gabriel Hess,
prominent attorney of New York,
Chicago and Los Angeles. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

Linda Watkins, stage and screen
star, is the newest addition to the
ranks of Hollywood mothers. She
gave birth to a son in New York.
She is married to Gabriel Hess,
prominent attorney of New York,
Chicago and Los Angeles. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

Linda Watkins, stage and screen
star, is the newest addition to the
ranks of Hollywood mothers. She
gave birth to a son in New York.
She is married to Gabriel Hess,
prominent attorney of New York,
Chicago and Los Angeles. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

Linda Watkins, stage and screen
star, is the newest addition to the
ranks of Hollywood mothers. She
gave birth to a son in New York.
She is married to Gabriel Hess,
prominent attorney of New York,
Chicago and Los Angeles. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

Linda Watkins, stage and screen
star, is the newest addition to the
ranks of Hollywood mothers. She
gave birth to a son in New York.
She is married to Gabriel Hess,
prominent attorney of New York,
Chicago and Los Angeles. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

Linda Watkins, stage and screen
star, is the newest addition to the
ranks of Hollywood mothers. She
gave birth to a son in New York.
She is married to Gabriel Hess,
prominent attorney of New York,
Chicago and Los Angeles. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

Linda Watkins, stage and screen
star, is the newest addition to the
ranks of Hollywood mothers. She
gave birth to a son in New York.
She is married to Gabriel Hess,
prominent attorney of New York,
Chicago and Los Angeles. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

Linda Watkins, stage and screen
star, is the newest addition to the
ranks of Hollywood mothers. She
gave birth to a son in New York.
She is married to Gabriel Hess,
prominent attorney of New York,
Chicago and Los Angeles. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

Linda Watkins, stage and screen
star, is the newest addition to the
ranks of Hollywood mothers. She
gave birth to a son in New York.
She is married to Gabriel Hess,
prominent attorney of New York,
Chicago and Los Angeles. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

Linda Watkins, stage and screen
star, is the newest addition to the
ranks of Hollywood mothers. She
gave birth to a son in New York.
She is married to Gabriel Hess,
prominent attorney of New York,
Chicago and Los Angeles. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

Linda Watkins, stage and screen
star, is the newest addition to the
ranks of Hollywood mothers. She
gave birth to a son in New York.
She is married to Gabriel Hess,
prominent attorney of New York,
Chicago and Los Angeles. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

Linda Watkins, stage and screen
star, is the newest addition to the
ranks of Hollywood mothers. She
gave birth to a son in New York.
She is married to Gabriel Hess,
prominent attorney of New York,
Chicago and Los Angeles. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

Linda Watkins, stage and screen
star, is the newest addition to the
ranks of Hollywood mothers. She
gave birth to a son in New York.
She is married to Gabriel Hess,
prominent attorney of New York,
Chicago and Los Angeles. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

Linda Watkins, stage and screen
star, is the newest addition to the
ranks of Hollywood mothers. She
gave birth to a son in New York.
She is married to Gabriel Hess,
prominent attorney of New York,
Chicago and Los Angeles. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

Linda Watkins, stage and screen
star, is the newest addition to the
ranks of Hollywood mothers. She
gave birth to a son in New York.
She is married to Gabriel Hess,
prominent attorney of New York,
Chicago and Los Angeles. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)
