# STANFORD GRAD TO WED
## 
### 
Walter Odemar, graduate of the
Stanford School of Law, Cla.ss of
'28, and now a prominent young
lawyer of the Los Angeles Bar, is
to wed Mildred Conolly in the Me
morial Church on Friday, Novem
ber 18.
Walter Odemar, graduate of the
Stanford School of Law, Cla.ss of
'28, and now a prominent young
lawyer of the Los Angeles Bar, is
to wed Mildred Conolly in the Me
morial Church on Friday, Novem
ber 18.
Walter Odemar, graduate of the
Stanford School of Law, Cla.ss of
'28, and now a prominent young
lawyer of the Los Angeles Bar, is
to wed Mildred Conolly in the Me
morial Church on Friday, Novem
ber 18.
Walter Odemar, graduate of the
Stanford School of Law, Cla.ss of
'28, and now a prominent young
lawyer of the Los Angeles Bar, is
to wed Mildred Conolly in the Me
morial Church on Friday, Novem
ber 18.
Walter Odemar, graduate of the
Stanford School of Law, Cla.ss of
'28, and now a prominent young
lawyer of the Los Angeles Bar, is
to wed Mildred Conolly in the Me
morial Church on Friday, Novem
ber 18.
Walter Odemar, graduate of the
Stanford School of Law, Cla.ss of
'28, and now a prominent young
lawyer of the Los Angeles Bar, is
to wed Mildred Conolly in the Me
morial Church on Friday, Novem
ber 18.
Walter Odemar, graduate of the
Stanford School of Law, Cla.ss of
'28, and now a prominent young
lawyer of the Los Angeles Bar, is
to wed Mildred Conolly in the Me
morial Church on Friday, Novem
ber 18.
Walter Odemar, graduate of the
Stanford School of Law, Cla.ss of
'28, and now a prominent young
lawyer of the Los Angeles Bar, is
to wed Mildred Conolly in the Me
morial Church on Friday, Novem
ber 18.
Walter Odemar, graduate of the
Stanford School of Law, Cla.ss of
'28, and now a prominent young
lawyer of the Los Angeles Bar, is
to wed Mildred Conolly in the Me
morial Church on Friday, Novem
ber 18.
Walter Odemar, graduate of the
Stanford School of Law, Cla.ss of
'28, and now a prominent young
lawyer of the Los Angeles Bar, is
to wed Mildred Conolly in the Me
morial Church on Friday, Novem
ber 18.
Walter Odemar, graduate of the
Stanford School of Law, Cla.ss of
'28, and now a prominent young
lawyer of the Los Angeles Bar, is
to wed Mildred Conolly in the Me
morial Church on Friday, Novem
ber 18.
Walter Odemar, graduate of the
Stanford School of Law, Cla.ss of
'28, and now a prominent young
lawyer of the Los Angeles Bar, is
to wed Mildred Conolly in the Me
morial Church on Friday, Novem
ber 18.
Walter Odemar, graduate of the
Stanford School of Law, Cla.ss of
'28, and now a prominent young
lawyer of the Los Angeles Bar, is
to wed Mildred Conolly in the Me
morial Church on Friday, Novem
ber 18.
Walter Odemar, graduate of the
Stanford School of Law, Cla.ss of
'28, and now a prominent young
lawyer of the Los Angeles Bar, is
to wed Mildred Conolly in the Me
morial Church on Friday, Novem
ber 18.
Walter Odemar, graduate of the
Stanford School of Law, Cla.ss of
'28, and now a prominent young
lawyer of the Los Angeles Bar, is
to wed Mildred Conolly in the Me
morial Church on Friday, Novem
ber 18.
Walter Odemar, graduate of the
Stanford School of Law, Cla.ss of
'28, and now a prominent young
lawyer of the Los Angeles Bar, is
to wed Mildred Conolly in the Me
morial Church on Friday, Novem
ber 18.
