# Wyoming's Big Shot
## 
### 

Eddie Dunn, Wyoming university
fullback and spark plug of the Cow
boy team, is leading the Rocky
Mountain scorers. He is playing hia
third year and does most of the
kicking, passing and ball lugging,
(Associated Press Photo)

Eddie Dunn, Wyoming university
fullback and spark plug of the Cow
boy team, is leading the Rocky
Mountain scorers. He is playing hia
third year and does most of the
kicking, passing and ball lugging,
(Associated Press Photo)

Eddie Dunn, Wyoming university
fullback and spark plug of the Cow
boy team, is leading the Rocky
Mountain scorers. He is playing hia
third year and does most of the
kicking, passing and ball lugging,
(Associated Press Photo)

Eddie Dunn, Wyoming university
fullback and spark plug of the Cow
boy team, is leading the Rocky
Mountain scorers. He is playing hia
third year and does most of the
kicking, passing and ball lugging,
(Associated Press Photo)

Eddie Dunn, Wyoming university
fullback and spark plug of the Cow
boy team, is leading the Rocky
Mountain scorers. He is playing hia
third year and does most of the
kicking, passing and ball lugging,
(Associated Press Photo)

Eddie Dunn, Wyoming university
fullback and spark plug of the Cow
boy team, is leading the Rocky
Mountain scorers. He is playing hia
third year and does most of the
kicking, passing and ball lugging,
(Associated Press Photo)

Eddie Dunn, Wyoming university
fullback and spark plug of the Cow
boy team, is leading the Rocky
Mountain scorers. He is playing hia
third year and does most of the
kicking, passing and ball lugging,
(Associated Press Photo)

Eddie Dunn, Wyoming university
fullback and spark plug of the Cow
boy team, is leading the Rocky
Mountain scorers. He is playing hia
third year and does most of the
kicking, passing and ball lugging,
(Associated Press Photo)

Eddie Dunn, Wyoming university
fullback and spark plug of the Cow
boy team, is leading the Rocky
Mountain scorers. He is playing hia
third year and does most of the
kicking, passing and ball lugging,
(Associated Press Photo)

Eddie Dunn, Wyoming university
fullback and spark plug of the Cow
boy team, is leading the Rocky
Mountain scorers. He is playing hia
third year and does most of the
kicking, passing and ball lugging,
(Associated Press Photo)

Eddie Dunn, Wyoming university
fullback and spark plug of the Cow
boy team, is leading the Rocky
Mountain scorers. He is playing hia
third year and does most of the
kicking, passing and ball lugging,
(Associated Press Photo)

Eddie Dunn, Wyoming university
fullback and spark plug of the Cow
boy team, is leading the Rocky
Mountain scorers. He is playing hia
third year and does most of the
kicking, passing and ball lugging,
(Associated Press Photo)

Eddie Dunn, Wyoming university
fullback and spark plug of the Cow
boy team, is leading the Rocky
Mountain scorers. He is playing hia
third year and does most of the
kicking, passing and ball lugging,
(Associated Press Photo)

Eddie Dunn, Wyoming university
fullback and spark plug of the Cow
boy team, is leading the Rocky
Mountain scorers. He is playing hia
third year and does most of the
kicking, passing and ball lugging,
(Associated Press Photo)

Eddie Dunn, Wyoming university
fullback and spark plug of the Cow
boy team, is leading the Rocky
Mountain scorers. He is playing hia
third year and does most of the
kicking, passing and ball lugging,
(Associated Press Photo)

Eddie Dunn, Wyoming university
fullback and spark plug of the Cow
boy team, is leading the Rocky
Mountain scorers. He is playing hia
third year and does most of the
kicking, passing and ball lugging,
(Associated Press Photo)
