# FEAR U.C. LINE AS CARDS PLAN GRID STRATEGY
## 'Navy Bill' Ingram's Aerial Attack Guarantees Yardage Gains INDIAN REGULARS PLAY Pop's Men Must Overcome Former Obstacles 
### Dick Rodda 
The same obstacles tliat Pop War
ner and the big red machine could
not overcome four weeks ago against
the U.S.C. Trojans face the Old Fox
again this week as the Golden Bears
of Berkeley await the biennial In
dian invasion. These obstacles are
possessed by the Golden Bears
themselves in the form of a clever,
well-executed aerial ..attack and
plenty of power between the tackles
both offensively and defensively.
That is what won for the Trojans
against Stanford and it is what will
win for the Bears should they de
feat the Cards next Saturday after
noon. To stop such an attack Pop
Warner has made no changes in his
lineup, announcing last night that
the regular eleven that has received
the call most consistently this sea
son will take the field Saturday.
Warner believes that four weeks
spent in correcting the errors made
in Ihe Trojan gontest is enough so
that the same squad will be able to
stop a similar attack ttys week.

This passing attack of Bill In- {
gram's, though perhaps not as de- j
ceptive as that of the Trojans, is ;
probably the most consistently j
gaining aerial show on the coast.
The Bears were able to pile up
nearly 200 yards through the ozone
against U.S.C. a week and a half
ago. Hank Schaldach and "Lefty" j
Valianos alternate on the sending i
end with Meek, Jones, Pillar, and
McCormick, Bear ends, equally able j
Id snag their passes.
For power in the forward wall j
Bill Ingram depends on two tackles J
whose abilities are equalled only by
Brown and Smith of the Trojans.
They are Captain Dick Tozer and
Johnny Ransome, both eligible for
Ail-American mention this year.
Card Ends Powerful
lint in this rcspect Stanford is for
tunate in having three of the best i
defensive ends in the conference, !
who are capable of forcing Ingram's !
powerhouse drive inside so that its j
iverage gain is reduced. These three
Cardinal ends do not have to be j
introduced; they are none other
than Don Colvin, Jay Tod, and Bill
Doub. |
The flu situation here held its own
yesterday. Caddel, AfTlerbaugh, and
rarghetta are in the hospital today
vvhile Maentz and Gtibbin were re- j
leased and watched practice in
civilian attire.
The same obstacles tliat Pop War
ner and the big red machine could
not overcome four weeks ago against
the U.S.C. Trojans face the Old Fox
again this week as the Golden Bears
of Berkeley await the biennial In
dian invasion. These obstacles are
possessed by the Golden Bears
themselves in the form of a clever,
well-executed aerial ..attack and
plenty of power between the tackles
both offensively and defensively.
That is what won for the Trojans
against Stanford and it is what will
win for the Bears should they de
feat the Cards next Saturday after
noon. To stop such an attack Pop
Warner has made no changes in his
lineup, announcing last night that
the regular eleven that has received
the call most consistently this sea
son will take the field Saturday.
Warner believes that four weeks
spent in correcting the errors made
in Ihe Trojan gontest is enough so
that the same squad will be able to
stop a similar attack ttys week.

This passing attack of Bill In- {
gram's, though perhaps not as de- j
ceptive as that of the Trojans, is ;
probably the most consistently j
gaining aerial show on the coast.
The Bears were able to pile up
nearly 200 yards through the ozone
against U.S.C. a week and a half
ago. Hank Schaldach and "Lefty" j
Valianos alternate on the sending i
end with Meek, Jones, Pillar, and
McCormick, Bear ends, equally able j
Id snag their passes.
For power in the forward wall j
Bill Ingram depends on two tackles J
whose abilities are equalled only by
Brown and Smith of the Trojans.
They are Captain Dick Tozer and
Johnny Ransome, both eligible for
Ail-American mention this year.
Card Ends Powerful
lint in this rcspect Stanford is for
tunate in having three of the best i
defensive ends in the conference, !
who are capable of forcing Ingram's !
powerhouse drive inside so that its j
iverage gain is reduced. These three
Cardinal ends do not have to be j
introduced; they are none other
than Don Colvin, Jay Tod, and Bill
Doub. |
The flu situation here held its own
yesterday. Caddel, AfTlerbaugh, and
rarghetta are in the hospital today
vvhile Maentz and Gtibbin were re- j
leased and watched practice in
civilian attire.
The same obstacles tliat Pop War
ner and the big red machine could
not overcome four weeks ago against
the U.S.C. Trojans face the Old Fox
again this week as the Golden Bears
of Berkeley await the biennial In
dian invasion. These obstacles are
possessed by the Golden Bears
themselves in the form of a clever,
well-executed aerial ..attack and
plenty of power between the tackles
both offensively and defensively.
That is what won for the Trojans
against Stanford and it is what will
win for the Bears should they de
feat the Cards next Saturday after
noon. To stop such an attack Pop
Warner has made no changes in his
lineup, announcing last night that
the regular eleven that has received
the call most consistently this sea
son will take the field Saturday.
Warner believes that four weeks
spent in correcting the errors made
in Ihe Trojan gontest is enough so
that the same squad will be able to
stop a similar attack ttys week.

This passing attack of Bill In- {
gram's, though perhaps not as de- j
ceptive as that of the Trojans, is ;
probably the most consistently j
gaining aerial show on the coast.
The Bears were able to pile up
nearly 200 yards through the ozone
against U.S.C. a week and a half
ago. Hank Schaldach and "Lefty" j
Valianos alternate on the sending i
end with Meek, Jones, Pillar, and
McCormick, Bear ends, equally able j
Id snag their passes.
For power in the forward wall j
Bill Ingram depends on two tackles J
whose abilities are equalled only by
Brown and Smith of the Trojans.
They are Captain Dick Tozer and
Johnny Ransome, both eligible for
Ail-American mention this year.
Card Ends Powerful
lint in this rcspect Stanford is for
tunate in having three of the best i
defensive ends in the conference, !
who are capable of forcing Ingram's !
powerhouse drive inside so that its j
iverage gain is reduced. These three
Cardinal ends do not have to be j
introduced; they are none other
than Don Colvin, Jay Tod, and Bill
Doub. |
The flu situation here held its own
yesterday. Caddel, AfTlerbaugh, and
rarghetta are in the hospital today
vvhile Maentz and Gtibbin were re- j
leased and watched practice in
civilian attire.
The same obstacles tliat Pop War
ner and the big red machine could
not overcome four weeks ago against
the U.S.C. Trojans face the Old Fox
again this week as the Golden Bears
of Berkeley await the biennial In
dian invasion. These obstacles are
possessed by the Golden Bears
themselves in the form of a clever,
well-executed aerial ..attack and
plenty of power between the tackles
both offensively and defensively.
That is what won for the Trojans
against Stanford and it is what will
win for the Bears should they de
feat the Cards next Saturday after
noon. To stop such an attack Pop
Warner has made no changes in his
lineup, announcing last night that
the regular eleven that has received
the call most consistently this sea
son will take the field Saturday.
Warner believes that four weeks
spent in correcting the errors made
in Ihe Trojan gontest is enough so
that the same squad will be able to
stop a similar attack ttys week.

This passing attack of Bill In- {
gram's, though perhaps not as de- j
ceptive as that of the Trojans, is ;
probably the most consistently j
gaining aerial show on the coast.
The Bears were able to pile up
nearly 200 yards through the ozone
against U.S.C. a week and a half
ago. Hank Schaldach and "Lefty" j
Valianos alternate on the sending i
end with Meek, Jones, Pillar, and
McCormick, Bear ends, equally able j
Id snag their passes.
For power in the forward wall j
Bill Ingram depends on two tackles J
whose abilities are equalled only by
Brown and Smith of the Trojans.
They are Captain Dick Tozer and
Johnny Ransome, both eligible for
Ail-American mention this year.
Card Ends Powerful
lint in this rcspect Stanford is for
tunate in having three of the best i
defensive ends in the conference, !
who are capable of forcing Ingram's !
powerhouse drive inside so that its j
iverage gain is reduced. These three
Cardinal ends do not have to be j
introduced; they are none other
than Don Colvin, Jay Tod, and Bill
Doub. |
The flu situation here held its own
yesterday. Caddel, AfTlerbaugh, and
rarghetta are in the hospital today
vvhile Maentz and Gtibbin were re- j
leased and watched practice in
civilian attire.
The same obstacles tliat Pop War
ner and the big red machine could
not overcome four weeks ago against
the U.S.C. Trojans face the Old Fox
again this week as the Golden Bears
of Berkeley await the biennial In
dian invasion. These obstacles are
possessed by the Golden Bears
themselves in the form of a clever,
well-executed aerial ..attack and
plenty of power between the tackles
both offensively and defensively.
That is what won for the Trojans
against Stanford and it is what will
win for the Bears should they de
feat the Cards next Saturday after
noon. To stop such an attack Pop
Warner has made no changes in his
lineup, announcing last night that
the regular eleven that has received
the call most consistently this sea
son will take the field Saturday.
Warner believes that four weeks
spent in correcting the errors made
in Ihe Trojan gontest is enough so
that the same squad will be able to
stop a similar attack ttys week.

This passing attack of Bill In- {
gram's, though perhaps not as de- j
ceptive as that of the Trojans, is ;
probably the most consistently j
gaining aerial show on the coast.
The Bears were able to pile up
nearly 200 yards through the ozone
against U.S.C. a week and a half
ago. Hank Schaldach and "Lefty" j
Valianos alternate on the sending i
end with Meek, Jones, Pillar, and
McCormick, Bear ends, equally able j
Id snag their passes.
For power in the forward wall j
Bill Ingram depends on two tackles J
whose abilities are equalled only by
Brown and Smith of the Trojans.
They are Captain Dick Tozer and
Johnny Ransome, both eligible for
Ail-American mention this year.
Card Ends Powerful
lint in this rcspect Stanford is for
tunate in having three of the best i
defensive ends in the conference, !
who are capable of forcing Ingram's !
powerhouse drive inside so that its j
iverage gain is reduced. These three
Cardinal ends do not have to be j
introduced; they are none other
than Don Colvin, Jay Tod, and Bill
Doub. |
The flu situation here held its own
yesterday. Caddel, AfTlerbaugh, and
rarghetta are in the hospital today
vvhile Maentz and Gtibbin were re- j
leased and watched practice in
civilian attire.
The same obstacles tliat Pop War
ner and the big red machine could
not overcome four weeks ago against
the U.S.C. Trojans face the Old Fox
again this week as the Golden Bears
of Berkeley await the biennial In
dian invasion. These obstacles are
possessed by the Golden Bears
themselves in the form of a clever,
well-executed aerial ..attack and
plenty of power between the tackles
both offensively and defensively.
That is what won for the Trojans
against Stanford and it is what will
win for the Bears should they de
feat the Cards next Saturday after
noon. To stop such an attack Pop
Warner has made no changes in his
lineup, announcing last night that
the regular eleven that has received
the call most consistently this sea
son will take the field Saturday.
Warner believes that four weeks
spent in correcting the errors made
in Ihe Trojan gontest is enough so
that the same squad will be able to
stop a similar attack ttys week.

This passing attack of Bill In- {
gram's, though perhaps not as de- j
ceptive as that of the Trojans, is ;
probably the most consistently j
gaining aerial show on the coast.
The Bears were able to pile up
nearly 200 yards through the ozone
against U.S.C. a week and a half
ago. Hank Schaldach and "Lefty" j
Valianos alternate on the sending i
end with Meek, Jones, Pillar, and
McCormick, Bear ends, equally able j
Id snag their passes.
For power in the forward wall j
Bill Ingram depends on two tackles J
whose abilities are equalled only by
Brown and Smith of the Trojans.
They are Captain Dick Tozer and
Johnny Ransome, both eligible for
Ail-American mention this year.
Card Ends Powerful
lint in this rcspect Stanford is for
tunate in having three of the best i
defensive ends in the conference, !
who are capable of forcing Ingram's !
powerhouse drive inside so that its j
iverage gain is reduced. These three
Cardinal ends do not have to be j
introduced; they are none other
than Don Colvin, Jay Tod, and Bill
Doub. |
The flu situation here held its own
yesterday. Caddel, AfTlerbaugh, and
rarghetta are in the hospital today
vvhile Maentz and Gtibbin were re- j
leased and watched practice in
civilian attire.
The same obstacles tliat Pop War
ner and the big red machine could
not overcome four weeks ago against
the U.S.C. Trojans face the Old Fox
again this week as the Golden Bears
of Berkeley await the biennial In
dian invasion. These obstacles are
possessed by the Golden Bears
themselves in the form of a clever,
well-executed aerial ..attack and
plenty of power between the tackles
both offensively and defensively.
That is what won for the Trojans
against Stanford and it is what will
win for the Bears should they de
feat the Cards next Saturday after
noon. To stop such an attack Pop
Warner has made no changes in his
lineup, announcing last night that
the regular eleven that has received
the call most consistently this sea
son will take the field Saturday.
Warner believes that four weeks
spent in correcting the errors made
in Ihe Trojan gontest is enough so
that the same squad will be able to
stop a similar attack ttys week.

This passing attack of Bill In- {
gram's, though perhaps not as de- j
ceptive as that of the Trojans, is ;
probably the most consistently j
gaining aerial show on the coast.
The Bears were able to pile up
nearly 200 yards through the ozone
against U.S.C. a week and a half
ago. Hank Schaldach and "Lefty" j
Valianos alternate on the sending i
end with Meek, Jones, Pillar, and
McCormick, Bear ends, equally able j
Id snag their passes.
For power in the forward wall j
Bill Ingram depends on two tackles J
whose abilities are equalled only by
Brown and Smith of the Trojans.
They are Captain Dick Tozer and
Johnny Ransome, both eligible for
Ail-American mention this year.
Card Ends Powerful
lint in this rcspect Stanford is for
tunate in having three of the best i
defensive ends in the conference, !
who are capable of forcing Ingram's !
powerhouse drive inside so that its j
iverage gain is reduced. These three
Cardinal ends do not have to be j
introduced; they are none other
than Don Colvin, Jay Tod, and Bill
Doub. |
The flu situation here held its own
yesterday. Caddel, AfTlerbaugh, and
rarghetta are in the hospital today
vvhile Maentz and Gtibbin were re- j
leased and watched practice in
civilian attire.
The same obstacles tliat Pop War
ner and the big red machine could
not overcome four weeks ago against
the U.S.C. Trojans face the Old Fox
again this week as the Golden Bears
of Berkeley await the biennial In
dian invasion. These obstacles are
possessed by the Golden Bears
themselves in the form of a clever,
well-executed aerial ..attack and
plenty of power between the tackles
both offensively and defensively.
That is what won for the Trojans
against Stanford and it is what will
win for the Bears should they de
feat the Cards next Saturday after
noon. To stop such an attack Pop
Warner has made no changes in his
lineup, announcing last night that
the regular eleven that has received
the call most consistently this sea
son will take the field Saturday.
Warner believes that four weeks
spent in correcting the errors made
in Ihe Trojan gontest is enough so
that the same squad will be able to
stop a similar attack ttys week.

This passing attack of Bill In- {
gram's, though perhaps not as de- j
ceptive as that of the Trojans, is ;
probably the most consistently j
gaining aerial show on the coast.
The Bears were able to pile up
nearly 200 yards through the ozone
against U.S.C. a week and a half
ago. Hank Schaldach and "Lefty" j
Valianos alternate on the sending i
end with Meek, Jones, Pillar, and
McCormick, Bear ends, equally able j
Id snag their passes.
For power in the forward wall j
Bill Ingram depends on two tackles J
whose abilities are equalled only by
Brown and Smith of the Trojans.
They are Captain Dick Tozer and
Johnny Ransome, both eligible for
Ail-American mention this year.
Card Ends Powerful
lint in this rcspect Stanford is for
tunate in having three of the best i
defensive ends in the conference, !
who are capable of forcing Ingram's !
powerhouse drive inside so that its j
iverage gain is reduced. These three
Cardinal ends do not have to be j
introduced; they are none other
than Don Colvin, Jay Tod, and Bill
Doub. |
The flu situation here held its own
yesterday. Caddel, AfTlerbaugh, and
rarghetta are in the hospital today
vvhile Maentz and Gtibbin were re- j
leased and watched practice in
civilian attire.
The same obstacles tliat Pop War
ner and the big red machine could
not overcome four weeks ago against
the U.S.C. Trojans face the Old Fox
again this week as the Golden Bears
of Berkeley await the biennial In
dian invasion. These obstacles are
possessed by the Golden Bears
themselves in the form of a clever,
well-executed aerial ..attack and
plenty of power between the tackles
both offensively and defensively.
That is what won for the Trojans
against Stanford and it is what will
win for the Bears should they de
feat the Cards next Saturday after
noon. To stop such an attack Pop
Warner has made no changes in his
lineup, announcing last night that
the regular eleven that has received
the call most consistently this sea
son will take the field Saturday.
Warner believes that four weeks
spent in correcting the errors made
in Ihe Trojan gontest is enough so
that the same squad will be able to
stop a similar attack ttys week.

This passing attack of Bill In- {
gram's, though perhaps not as de- j
ceptive as that of the Trojans, is ;
probably the most consistently j
gaining aerial show on the coast.
The Bears were able to pile up
nearly 200 yards through the ozone
against U.S.C. a week and a half
ago. Hank Schaldach and "Lefty" j
Valianos alternate on the sending i
end with Meek, Jones, Pillar, and
McCormick, Bear ends, equally able j
Id snag their passes.
For power in the forward wall j
Bill Ingram depends on two tackles J
whose abilities are equalled only by
Brown and Smith of the Trojans.
They are Captain Dick Tozer and
Johnny Ransome, both eligible for
Ail-American mention this year.
Card Ends Powerful
lint in this rcspect Stanford is for
tunate in having three of the best i
defensive ends in the conference, !
who are capable of forcing Ingram's !
powerhouse drive inside so that its j
iverage gain is reduced. These three
Cardinal ends do not have to be j
introduced; they are none other
than Don Colvin, Jay Tod, and Bill
Doub. |
The flu situation here held its own
yesterday. Caddel, AfTlerbaugh, and
rarghetta are in the hospital today
vvhile Maentz and Gtibbin were re- j
leased and watched practice in
civilian attire.
The same obstacles tliat Pop War
ner and the big red machine could
not overcome four weeks ago against
the U.S.C. Trojans face the Old Fox
again this week as the Golden Bears
of Berkeley await the biennial In
dian invasion. These obstacles are
possessed by the Golden Bears
themselves in the form of a clever,
well-executed aerial ..attack and
plenty of power between the tackles
both offensively and defensively.
That is what won for the Trojans
against Stanford and it is what will
win for the Bears should they de
feat the Cards next Saturday after
noon. To stop such an attack Pop
Warner has made no changes in his
lineup, announcing last night that
the regular eleven that has received
the call most consistently this sea
son will take the field Saturday.
Warner believes that four weeks
spent in correcting the errors made
in Ihe Trojan gontest is enough so
that the same squad will be able to
stop a similar attack ttys week.

This passing attack of Bill In- {
gram's, though perhaps not as de- j
ceptive as that of the Trojans, is ;
probably the most consistently j
gaining aerial show on the coast.
The Bears were able to pile up
nearly 200 yards through the ozone
against U.S.C. a week and a half
ago. Hank Schaldach and "Lefty" j
Valianos alternate on the sending i
end with Meek, Jones, Pillar, and
McCormick, Bear ends, equally able j
Id snag their passes.
For power in the forward wall j
Bill Ingram depends on two tackles J
whose abilities are equalled only by
Brown and Smith of the Trojans.
They are Captain Dick Tozer and
Johnny Ransome, both eligible for
Ail-American mention this year.
Card Ends Powerful
lint in this rcspect Stanford is for
tunate in having three of the best i
defensive ends in the conference, !
who are capable of forcing Ingram's !
powerhouse drive inside so that its j
iverage gain is reduced. These three
Cardinal ends do not have to be j
introduced; they are none other
than Don Colvin, Jay Tod, and Bill
Doub. |
The flu situation here held its own
yesterday. Caddel, AfTlerbaugh, and
rarghetta are in the hospital today
vvhile Maentz and Gtibbin were re- j
leased and watched practice in
civilian attire.
The same obstacles tliat Pop War
ner and the big red machine could
not overcome four weeks ago against
the U.S.C. Trojans face the Old Fox
again this week as the Golden Bears
of Berkeley await the biennial In
dian invasion. These obstacles are
possessed by the Golden Bears
themselves in the form of a clever,
well-executed aerial ..attack and
plenty of power between the tackles
both offensively and defensively.
That is what won for the Trojans
against Stanford and it is what will
win for the Bears should they de
feat the Cards next Saturday after
noon. To stop such an attack Pop
Warner has made no changes in his
lineup, announcing last night that
the regular eleven that has received
the call most consistently this sea
son will take the field Saturday.
Warner believes that four weeks
spent in correcting the errors made
in Ihe Trojan gontest is enough so
that the same squad will be able to
stop a similar attack ttys week.

This passing attack of Bill In- {
gram's, though perhaps not as de- j
ceptive as that of the Trojans, is ;
probably the most consistently j
gaining aerial show on the coast.
The Bears were able to pile up
nearly 200 yards through the ozone
against U.S.C. a week and a half
ago. Hank Schaldach and "Lefty" j
Valianos alternate on the sending i
end with Meek, Jones, Pillar, and
McCormick, Bear ends, equally able j
Id snag their passes.
For power in the forward wall j
Bill Ingram depends on two tackles J
whose abilities are equalled only by
Brown and Smith of the Trojans.
They are Captain Dick Tozer and
Johnny Ransome, both eligible for
Ail-American mention this year.
Card Ends Powerful
lint in this rcspect Stanford is for
tunate in having three of the best i
defensive ends in the conference, !
who are capable of forcing Ingram's !
powerhouse drive inside so that its j
iverage gain is reduced. These three
Cardinal ends do not have to be j
introduced; they are none other
than Don Colvin, Jay Tod, and Bill
Doub. |
The flu situation here held its own
yesterday. Caddel, AfTlerbaugh, and
rarghetta are in the hospital today
vvhile Maentz and Gtibbin were re- j
leased and watched practice in
civilian attire.
The same obstacles tliat Pop War
ner and the big red machine could
not overcome four weeks ago against
the U.S.C. Trojans face the Old Fox
again this week as the Golden Bears
of Berkeley await the biennial In
dian invasion. These obstacles are
possessed by the Golden Bears
themselves in the form of a clever,
well-executed aerial ..attack and
plenty of power between the tackles
both offensively and defensively.
That is what won for the Trojans
against Stanford and it is what will
win for the Bears should they de
feat the Cards next Saturday after
noon. To stop such an attack Pop
Warner has made no changes in his
lineup, announcing last night that
the regular eleven that has received
the call most consistently this sea
son will take the field Saturday.
Warner believes that four weeks
spent in correcting the errors made
in Ihe Trojan gontest is enough so
that the same squad will be able to
stop a similar attack ttys week.

This passing attack of Bill In- {
gram's, though perhaps not as de- j
ceptive as that of the Trojans, is ;
probably the most consistently j
gaining aerial show on the coast.
The Bears were able to pile up
nearly 200 yards through the ozone
against U.S.C. a week and a half
ago. Hank Schaldach and "Lefty" j
Valianos alternate on the sending i
end with Meek, Jones, Pillar, and
McCormick, Bear ends, equally able j
Id snag their passes.
For power in the forward wall j
Bill Ingram depends on two tackles J
whose abilities are equalled only by
Brown and Smith of the Trojans.
They are Captain Dick Tozer and
Johnny Ransome, both eligible for
Ail-American mention this year.
Card Ends Powerful
lint in this rcspect Stanford is for
tunate in having three of the best i
defensive ends in the conference, !
who are capable of forcing Ingram's !
powerhouse drive inside so that its j
iverage gain is reduced. These three
Cardinal ends do not have to be j
introduced; they are none other
than Don Colvin, Jay Tod, and Bill
Doub. |
The flu situation here held its own
yesterday. Caddel, AfTlerbaugh, and
rarghetta are in the hospital today
vvhile Maentz and Gtibbin were re- j
leased and watched practice in
civilian attire.
The same obstacles tliat Pop War
ner and the big red machine could
not overcome four weeks ago against
the U.S.C. Trojans face the Old Fox
again this week as the Golden Bears
of Berkeley await the biennial In
dian invasion. These obstacles are
possessed by the Golden Bears
themselves in the form of a clever,
well-executed aerial ..attack and
plenty of power between the tackles
both offensively and defensively.
That is what won for the Trojans
against Stanford and it is what will
win for the Bears should they de
feat the Cards next Saturday after
noon. To stop such an attack Pop
Warner has made no changes in his
lineup, announcing last night that
the regular eleven that has received
the call most consistently this sea
son will take the field Saturday.
Warner believes that four weeks
spent in correcting the errors made
in Ihe Trojan gontest is enough so
that the same squad will be able to
stop a similar attack ttys week.

This passing attack of Bill In- {
gram's, though perhaps not as de- j
ceptive as that of the Trojans, is ;
probably the most consistently j
gaining aerial show on the coast.
The Bears were able to pile up
nearly 200 yards through the ozone
against U.S.C. a week and a half
ago. Hank Schaldach and "Lefty" j
Valianos alternate on the sending i
end with Meek, Jones, Pillar, and
McCormick, Bear ends, equally able j
Id snag their passes.
For power in the forward wall j
Bill Ingram depends on two tackles J
whose abilities are equalled only by
Brown and Smith of the Trojans.
They are Captain Dick Tozer and
Johnny Ransome, both eligible for
Ail-American mention this year.
Card Ends Powerful
lint in this rcspect Stanford is for
tunate in having three of the best i
defensive ends in the conference, !
who are capable of forcing Ingram's !
powerhouse drive inside so that its j
iverage gain is reduced. These three
Cardinal ends do not have to be j
introduced; they are none other
than Don Colvin, Jay Tod, and Bill
Doub. |
The flu situation here held its own
yesterday. Caddel, AfTlerbaugh, and
rarghetta are in the hospital today
vvhile Maentz and Gtibbin were re- j
leased and watched practice in
civilian attire.
The same obstacles tliat Pop War
ner and the big red machine could
not overcome four weeks ago against
the U.S.C. Trojans face the Old Fox
again this week as the Golden Bears
of Berkeley await the biennial In
dian invasion. These obstacles are
possessed by the Golden Bears
themselves in the form of a clever,
well-executed aerial ..attack and
plenty of power between the tackles
both offensively and defensively.
That is what won for the Trojans
against Stanford and it is what will
win for the Bears should they de
feat the Cards next Saturday after
noon. To stop such an attack Pop
Warner has made no changes in his
lineup, announcing last night that
the regular eleven that has received
the call most consistently this sea
son will take the field Saturday.
Warner believes that four weeks
spent in correcting the errors made
in Ihe Trojan gontest is enough so
that the same squad will be able to
stop a similar attack ttys week.

This passing attack of Bill In- {
gram's, though perhaps not as de- j
ceptive as that of the Trojans, is ;
probably the most consistently j
gaining aerial show on the coast.
The Bears were able to pile up
nearly 200 yards through the ozone
against U.S.C. a week and a half
ago. Hank Schaldach and "Lefty" j
Valianos alternate on the sending i
end with Meek, Jones, Pillar, and
McCormick, Bear ends, equally able j
Id snag their passes.
For power in the forward wall j
Bill Ingram depends on two tackles J
whose abilities are equalled only by
Brown and Smith of the Trojans.
They are Captain Dick Tozer and
Johnny Ransome, both eligible for
Ail-American mention this year.
Card Ends Powerful
lint in this rcspect Stanford is for
tunate in having three of the best i
defensive ends in the conference, !
who are capable of forcing Ingram's !
powerhouse drive inside so that its j
iverage gain is reduced. These three
Cardinal ends do not have to be j
introduced; they are none other
than Don Colvin, Jay Tod, and Bill
Doub. |
The flu situation here held its own
yesterday. Caddel, AfTlerbaugh, and
rarghetta are in the hospital today
vvhile Maentz and Gtibbin were re- j
leased and watched practice in
civilian attire.
The same obstacles tliat Pop War
ner and the big red machine could
not overcome four weeks ago against
the U.S.C. Trojans face the Old Fox
again this week as the Golden Bears
of Berkeley await the biennial In
dian invasion. These obstacles are
possessed by the Golden Bears
themselves in the form of a clever,
well-executed aerial ..attack and
plenty of power between the tackles
both offensively and defensively.
That is what won for the Trojans
against Stanford and it is what will
win for the Bears should they de
feat the Cards next Saturday after
noon. To stop such an attack Pop
Warner has made no changes in his
lineup, announcing last night that
the regular eleven that has received
the call most consistently this sea
son will take the field Saturday.
Warner believes that four weeks
spent in correcting the errors made
in Ihe Trojan gontest is enough so
that the same squad will be able to
stop a similar attack ttys week.

This passing attack of Bill In- {
gram's, though perhaps not as de- j
ceptive as that of the Trojans, is ;
probably the most consistently j
gaining aerial show on the coast.
The Bears were able to pile up
nearly 200 yards through the ozone
against U.S.C. a week and a half
ago. Hank Schaldach and "Lefty" j
Valianos alternate on the sending i
end with Meek, Jones, Pillar, and
McCormick, Bear ends, equally able j
Id snag their passes.
For power in the forward wall j
Bill Ingram depends on two tackles J
whose abilities are equalled only by
Brown and Smith of the Trojans.
They are Captain Dick Tozer and
Johnny Ransome, both eligible for
Ail-American mention this year.
Card Ends Powerful
lint in this rcspect Stanford is for
tunate in having three of the best i
defensive ends in the conference, !
who are capable of forcing Ingram's !
powerhouse drive inside so that its j
iverage gain is reduced. These three
Cardinal ends do not have to be j
introduced; they are none other
than Don Colvin, Jay Tod, and Bill
Doub. |
The flu situation here held its own
yesterday. Caddel, AfTlerbaugh, and
rarghetta are in the hospital today
vvhile Maentz and Gtibbin were re- j
leased and watched practice in
civilian attire.
The same obstacles tliat Pop War
ner and the big red machine could
not overcome four weeks ago against
the U.S.C. Trojans face the Old Fox
again this week as the Golden Bears
of Berkeley await the biennial In
dian invasion. These obstacles are
possessed by the Golden Bears
themselves in the form of a clever,
well-executed aerial ..attack and
plenty of power between the tackles
both offensively and defensively.
That is what won for the Trojans
against Stanford and it is what will
win for the Bears should they de
feat the Cards next Saturday after
noon. To stop such an attack Pop
Warner has made no changes in his
lineup, announcing last night that
the regular eleven that has received
the call most consistently this sea
son will take the field Saturday.
Warner believes that four weeks
spent in correcting the errors made
in Ihe Trojan gontest is enough so
that the same squad will be able to
stop a similar attack ttys week.

This passing attack of Bill In- {
gram's, though perhaps not as de- j
ceptive as that of the Trojans, is ;
probably the most consistently j
gaining aerial show on the coast.
The Bears were able to pile up
nearly 200 yards through the ozone
against U.S.C. a week and a half
ago. Hank Schaldach and "Lefty" j
Valianos alternate on the sending i
end with Meek, Jones, Pillar, and
McCormick, Bear ends, equally able j
Id snag their passes.
For power in the forward wall j
Bill Ingram depends on two tackles J
whose abilities are equalled only by
Brown and Smith of the Trojans.
They are Captain Dick Tozer and
Johnny Ransome, both eligible for
Ail-American mention this year.
Card Ends Powerful
lint in this rcspect Stanford is for
tunate in having three of the best i
defensive ends in the conference, !
who are capable of forcing Ingram's !
powerhouse drive inside so that its j
iverage gain is reduced. These three
Cardinal ends do not have to be j
introduced; they are none other
than Don Colvin, Jay Tod, and Bill
Doub. |
The flu situation here held its own
yesterday. Caddel, AfTlerbaugh, and
rarghetta are in the hospital today
vvhile Maentz and Gtibbin were re- j
leased and watched practice in
civilian attire.
