# Vancouver Extradites Florida Jewel Thief
## 
### 
VANCOUVER, 8.C., Feb. 20 (UP).
—Judge J. C. Lennox today granted
request of Florida authorities for
extradition of Frank Johnston, 45,
arrested here as a suspect in two
Palm Beach jewel robberies in 19.18.
VANCOUVER, 8.C., Feb. 20 (UP).
—Judge J. C. Lennox today granted
request of Florida authorities for
extradition of Frank Johnston, 45,
arrested here as a suspect in two
Palm Beach jewel robberies in 19.18.
VANCOUVER, 8.C., Feb. 20 (UP).
—Judge J. C. Lennox today granted
request of Florida authorities for
extradition of Frank Johnston, 45,
arrested here as a suspect in two
Palm Beach jewel robberies in 19.18.
VANCOUVER, 8.C., Feb. 20 (UP).
—Judge J. C. Lennox today granted
request of Florida authorities for
extradition of Frank Johnston, 45,
arrested here as a suspect in two
Palm Beach jewel robberies in 19.18.
VANCOUVER, 8.C., Feb. 20 (UP).
—Judge J. C. Lennox today granted
request of Florida authorities for
extradition of Frank Johnston, 45,
arrested here as a suspect in two
Palm Beach jewel robberies in 19.18.
VANCOUVER, 8.C., Feb. 20 (UP).
—Judge J. C. Lennox today granted
request of Florida authorities for
extradition of Frank Johnston, 45,
arrested here as a suspect in two
Palm Beach jewel robberies in 19.18.
VANCOUVER, 8.C., Feb. 20 (UP).
—Judge J. C. Lennox today granted
request of Florida authorities for
extradition of Frank Johnston, 45,
arrested here as a suspect in two
Palm Beach jewel robberies in 19.18.
VANCOUVER, 8.C., Feb. 20 (UP).
—Judge J. C. Lennox today granted
request of Florida authorities for
extradition of Frank Johnston, 45,
arrested here as a suspect in two
Palm Beach jewel robberies in 19.18.
VANCOUVER, 8.C., Feb. 20 (UP).
—Judge J. C. Lennox today granted
request of Florida authorities for
extradition of Frank Johnston, 45,
arrested here as a suspect in two
Palm Beach jewel robberies in 19.18.
VANCOUVER, 8.C., Feb. 20 (UP).
—Judge J. C. Lennox today granted
request of Florida authorities for
extradition of Frank Johnston, 45,
arrested here as a suspect in two
Palm Beach jewel robberies in 19.18.
VANCOUVER, 8.C., Feb. 20 (UP).
—Judge J. C. Lennox today granted
request of Florida authorities for
extradition of Frank Johnston, 45,
arrested here as a suspect in two
Palm Beach jewel robberies in 19.18.
VANCOUVER, 8.C., Feb. 20 (UP).
—Judge J. C. Lennox today granted
request of Florida authorities for
extradition of Frank Johnston, 45,
arrested here as a suspect in two
Palm Beach jewel robberies in 19.18.
VANCOUVER, 8.C., Feb. 20 (UP).
—Judge J. C. Lennox today granted
request of Florida authorities for
extradition of Frank Johnston, 45,
arrested here as a suspect in two
Palm Beach jewel robberies in 19.18.
VANCOUVER, 8.C., Feb. 20 (UP).
—Judge J. C. Lennox today granted
request of Florida authorities for
extradition of Frank Johnston, 45,
arrested here as a suspect in two
Palm Beach jewel robberies in 19.18.
VANCOUVER, 8.C., Feb. 20 (UP).
—Judge J. C. Lennox today granted
request of Florida authorities for
extradition of Frank Johnston, 45,
arrested here as a suspect in two
Palm Beach jewel robberies in 19.18.
VANCOUVER, 8.C., Feb. 20 (UP).
—Judge J. C. Lennox today granted
request of Florida authorities for
extradition of Frank Johnston, 45,
arrested here as a suspect in two
Palm Beach jewel robberies in 19.18.
VANCOUVER, 8.C., Feb. 20 (UP).
—Judge J. C. Lennox today granted
request of Florida authorities for
extradition of Frank Johnston, 45,
arrested here as a suspect in two
Palm Beach jewel robberies in 19.18.
