# GEORGIA TORNADO WREAKS HAVOC
## 
### 

ROARING FROM THE SKIES on the town of Albany, Georgia, a recent tornado turned buildings to
matchwood, caused 17 deaths and did $5,000,000 property damage. The above picture shows where the
whirlwind struck heaviest. More than 300 persons were treated for injuries by the Red Cross.

ROARING FROM THE SKIES on the town of Albany, Georgia, a recent tornado turned buildings to
matchwood, caused 17 deaths and did $5,000,000 property damage. The above picture shows where the
whirlwind struck heaviest. More than 300 persons were treated for injuries by the Red Cross.

ROARING FROM THE SKIES on the town of Albany, Georgia, a recent tornado turned buildings to
matchwood, caused 17 deaths and did $5,000,000 property damage. The above picture shows where the
whirlwind struck heaviest. More than 300 persons were treated for injuries by the Red Cross.

ROARING FROM THE SKIES on the town of Albany, Georgia, a recent tornado turned buildings to
matchwood, caused 17 deaths and did $5,000,000 property damage. The above picture shows where the
whirlwind struck heaviest. More than 300 persons were treated for injuries by the Red Cross.

ROARING FROM THE SKIES on the town of Albany, Georgia, a recent tornado turned buildings to
matchwood, caused 17 deaths and did $5,000,000 property damage. The above picture shows where the
whirlwind struck heaviest. More than 300 persons were treated for injuries by the Red Cross.

ROARING FROM THE SKIES on the town of Albany, Georgia, a recent tornado turned buildings to
matchwood, caused 17 deaths and did $5,000,000 property damage. The above picture shows where the
whirlwind struck heaviest. More than 300 persons were treated for injuries by the Red Cross.

ROARING FROM THE SKIES on the town of Albany, Georgia, a recent tornado turned buildings to
matchwood, caused 17 deaths and did $5,000,000 property damage. The above picture shows where the
whirlwind struck heaviest. More than 300 persons were treated for injuries by the Red Cross.

ROARING FROM THE SKIES on the town of Albany, Georgia, a recent tornado turned buildings to
matchwood, caused 17 deaths and did $5,000,000 property damage. The above picture shows where the
whirlwind struck heaviest. More than 300 persons were treated for injuries by the Red Cross.

ROARING FROM THE SKIES on the town of Albany, Georgia, a recent tornado turned buildings to
matchwood, caused 17 deaths and did $5,000,000 property damage. The above picture shows where the
whirlwind struck heaviest. More than 300 persons were treated for injuries by the Red Cross.

ROARING FROM THE SKIES on the town of Albany, Georgia, a recent tornado turned buildings to
matchwood, caused 17 deaths and did $5,000,000 property damage. The above picture shows where the
whirlwind struck heaviest. More than 300 persons were treated for injuries by the Red Cross.

ROARING FROM THE SKIES on the town of Albany, Georgia, a recent tornado turned buildings to
matchwood, caused 17 deaths and did $5,000,000 property damage. The above picture shows where the
whirlwind struck heaviest. More than 300 persons were treated for injuries by the Red Cross.

ROARING FROM THE SKIES on the town of Albany, Georgia, a recent tornado turned buildings to
matchwood, caused 17 deaths and did $5,000,000 property damage. The above picture shows where the
whirlwind struck heaviest. More than 300 persons were treated for injuries by the Red Cross.

ROARING FROM THE SKIES on the town of Albany, Georgia, a recent tornado turned buildings to
matchwood, caused 17 deaths and did $5,000,000 property damage. The above picture shows where the
whirlwind struck heaviest. More than 300 persons were treated for injuries by the Red Cross.

ROARING FROM THE SKIES on the town of Albany, Georgia, a recent tornado turned buildings to
matchwood, caused 17 deaths and did $5,000,000 property damage. The above picture shows where the
whirlwind struck heaviest. More than 300 persons were treated for injuries by the Red Cross.

ROARING FROM THE SKIES on the town of Albany, Georgia, a recent tornado turned buildings to
matchwood, caused 17 deaths and did $5,000,000 property damage. The above picture shows where the
whirlwind struck heaviest. More than 300 persons were treated for injuries by the Red Cross.

ROARING FROM THE SKIES on the town of Albany, Georgia, a recent tornado turned buildings to
matchwood, caused 17 deaths and did $5,000,000 property damage. The above picture shows where the
whirlwind struck heaviest. More than 300 persons were treated for injuries by the Red Cross.

ROARING FROM THE SKIES on the town of Albany, Georgia, a recent tornado turned buildings to
matchwood, caused 17 deaths and did $5,000,000 property damage. The above picture shows where the
whirlwind struck heaviest. More than 300 persons were treated for injuries by the Red Cross.
