# JUNIORS WIN SERIES
## FRESHMEN DECISIVELY BEATEN BY SCORE OF 6 to 2. Goodell's Wildness Gives 1907 Four Runs in First Inning.—Chalmers Pitches Steady Game. 
### 
The Juniors won the interclass
championship this afternoon, de
feating the Freshmen by the decis
ive 6core of six to two. Goodell
started in to pitch for the Freshmen
and lasted for one inning, during
which he walked four men, hit one
and balked once, netting the third
year men a total of four runs.
Whitmer, who succeeded him, was
batted for two runs in the second
inning, but steadied down and
pitched magnificent ball for the
rest of the game, pulling himself
out of several tight places without
any further score.
The Freshmen failed to live up to
their reputation as heavy hitters,
two clean singles by Sampson and
as many scratch hits by other
players being all that they could
do with Chalmer's delivery. The
Juniors mads a total of four hits,
but were able to bunch them on
Witmer for two runs. But one
substitution was made, that of Nis
sen for Morrow in right field, by
the .Juniors. This is the second
successive time the Class of 1907
has won the baseball championship.
The score follows:
R H E
Juniors 6 4 6
Freshmen 2 4 4
Batteries — Chalmers and Pres
ley; Goodell, Witmer and Richard
son.
The Juniors won the interclass
championship this afternoon, de
feating the Freshmen by the decis
ive 6core of six to two. Goodell
started in to pitch for the Freshmen
and lasted for one inning, during
which he walked four men, hit one
and balked once, netting the third
year men a total of four runs.
Whitmer, who succeeded him, was
batted for two runs in the second
inning, but steadied down and
pitched magnificent ball for the
rest of the game, pulling himself
out of several tight places without
any further score.
The Freshmen failed to live up to
their reputation as heavy hitters,
two clean singles by Sampson and
as many scratch hits by other
players being all that they could
do with Chalmer's delivery. The
Juniors mads a total of four hits,
but were able to bunch them on
Witmer for two runs. But one
substitution was made, that of Nis
sen for Morrow in right field, by
the .Juniors. This is the second
successive time the Class of 1907
has won the baseball championship.
The score follows:
R H E
Juniors 6 4 6
Freshmen 2 4 4
Batteries — Chalmers and Pres
ley; Goodell, Witmer and Richard
son.
The Juniors won the interclass
championship this afternoon, de
feating the Freshmen by the decis
ive 6core of six to two. Goodell
started in to pitch for the Freshmen
and lasted for one inning, during
which he walked four men, hit one
and balked once, netting the third
year men a total of four runs.
Whitmer, who succeeded him, was
batted for two runs in the second
inning, but steadied down and
pitched magnificent ball for the
rest of the game, pulling himself
out of several tight places without
any further score.
The Freshmen failed to live up to
their reputation as heavy hitters,
two clean singles by Sampson and
as many scratch hits by other
players being all that they could
do with Chalmer's delivery. The
Juniors mads a total of four hits,
but were able to bunch them on
Witmer for two runs. But one
substitution was made, that of Nis
sen for Morrow in right field, by
the .Juniors. This is the second
successive time the Class of 1907
has won the baseball championship.
The score follows:
R H E
Juniors 6 4 6
Freshmen 2 4 4
Batteries — Chalmers and Pres
ley; Goodell, Witmer and Richard
son.
The Juniors won the interclass
championship this afternoon, de
feating the Freshmen by the decis
ive 6core of six to two. Goodell
started in to pitch for the Freshmen
and lasted for one inning, during
which he walked four men, hit one
and balked once, netting the third
year men a total of four runs.
Whitmer, who succeeded him, was
batted for two runs in the second
inning, but steadied down and
pitched magnificent ball for the
rest of the game, pulling himself
out of several tight places without
any further score.
The Freshmen failed to live up to
their reputation as heavy hitters,
two clean singles by Sampson and
as many scratch hits by other
players being all that they could
do with Chalmer's delivery. The
Juniors mads a total of four hits,
but were able to bunch them on
Witmer for two runs. But one
substitution was made, that of Nis
sen for Morrow in right field, by
the .Juniors. This is the second
successive time the Class of 1907
has won the baseball championship.
The score follows:
R H E
Juniors 6 4 6
Freshmen 2 4 4
Batteries — Chalmers and Pres
ley; Goodell, Witmer and Richard
son.
The Juniors won the interclass
championship this afternoon, de
feating the Freshmen by the decis
ive 6core of six to two. Goodell
started in to pitch for the Freshmen
and lasted for one inning, during
which he walked four men, hit one
and balked once, netting the third
year men a total of four runs.
Whitmer, who succeeded him, was
batted for two runs in the second
inning, but steadied down and
pitched magnificent ball for the
rest of the game, pulling himself
out of several tight places without
any further score.
The Freshmen failed to live up to
their reputation as heavy hitters,
two clean singles by Sampson and
as many scratch hits by other
players being all that they could
do with Chalmer's delivery. The
Juniors mads a total of four hits,
but were able to bunch them on
Witmer for two runs. But one
substitution was made, that of Nis
sen for Morrow in right field, by
the .Juniors. This is the second
successive time the Class of 1907
has won the baseball championship.
The score follows:
R H E
Juniors 6 4 6
Freshmen 2 4 4
Batteries — Chalmers and Pres
ley; Goodell, Witmer and Richard
son.
The Juniors won the interclass
championship this afternoon, de
feating the Freshmen by the decis
ive 6core of six to two. Goodell
started in to pitch for the Freshmen
and lasted for one inning, during
which he walked four men, hit one
and balked once, netting the third
year men a total of four runs.
Whitmer, who succeeded him, was
batted for two runs in the second
inning, but steadied down and
pitched magnificent ball for the
rest of the game, pulling himself
out of several tight places without
any further score.
The Freshmen failed to live up to
their reputation as heavy hitters,
two clean singles by Sampson and
as many scratch hits by other
players being all that they could
do with Chalmer's delivery. The
Juniors mads a total of four hits,
but were able to bunch them on
Witmer for two runs. But one
substitution was made, that of Nis
sen for Morrow in right field, by
the .Juniors. This is the second
successive time the Class of 1907
has won the baseball championship.
The score follows:
R H E
Juniors 6 4 6
Freshmen 2 4 4
Batteries — Chalmers and Pres
ley; Goodell, Witmer and Richard
son.
The Juniors won the interclass
championship this afternoon, de
feating the Freshmen by the decis
ive 6core of six to two. Goodell
started in to pitch for the Freshmen
and lasted for one inning, during
which he walked four men, hit one
and balked once, netting the third
year men a total of four runs.
Whitmer, who succeeded him, was
batted for two runs in the second
inning, but steadied down and
pitched magnificent ball for the
rest of the game, pulling himself
out of several tight places without
any further score.
The Freshmen failed to live up to
their reputation as heavy hitters,
two clean singles by Sampson and
as many scratch hits by other
players being all that they could
do with Chalmer's delivery. The
Juniors mads a total of four hits,
but were able to bunch them on
Witmer for two runs. But one
substitution was made, that of Nis
sen for Morrow in right field, by
the .Juniors. This is the second
successive time the Class of 1907
has won the baseball championship.
The score follows:
R H E
Juniors 6 4 6
Freshmen 2 4 4
Batteries — Chalmers and Pres
ley; Goodell, Witmer and Richard
son.
The Juniors won the interclass
championship this afternoon, de
feating the Freshmen by the decis
ive 6core of six to two. Goodell
started in to pitch for the Freshmen
and lasted for one inning, during
which he walked four men, hit one
and balked once, netting the third
year men a total of four runs.
Whitmer, who succeeded him, was
batted for two runs in the second
inning, but steadied down and
pitched magnificent ball for the
rest of the game, pulling himself
out of several tight places without
any further score.
The Freshmen failed to live up to
their reputation as heavy hitters,
two clean singles by Sampson and
as many scratch hits by other
players being all that they could
do with Chalmer's delivery. The
Juniors mads a total of four hits,
but were able to bunch them on
Witmer for two runs. But one
substitution was made, that of Nis
sen for Morrow in right field, by
the .Juniors. This is the second
successive time the Class of 1907
has won the baseball championship.
The score follows:
R H E
Juniors 6 4 6
Freshmen 2 4 4
Batteries — Chalmers and Pres
ley; Goodell, Witmer and Richard
son.
The Juniors won the interclass
championship this afternoon, de
feating the Freshmen by the decis
ive 6core of six to two. Goodell
started in to pitch for the Freshmen
and lasted for one inning, during
which he walked four men, hit one
and balked once, netting the third
year men a total of four runs.
Whitmer, who succeeded him, was
batted for two runs in the second
inning, but steadied down and
pitched magnificent ball for the
rest of the game, pulling himself
out of several tight places without
any further score.
The Freshmen failed to live up to
their reputation as heavy hitters,
two clean singles by Sampson and
as many scratch hits by other
players being all that they could
do with Chalmer's delivery. The
Juniors mads a total of four hits,
but were able to bunch them on
Witmer for two runs. But one
substitution was made, that of Nis
sen for Morrow in right field, by
the .Juniors. This is the second
successive time the Class of 1907
has won the baseball championship.
The score follows:
R H E
Juniors 6 4 6
Freshmen 2 4 4
Batteries — Chalmers and Pres
ley; Goodell, Witmer and Richard
son.
