# Art Films to Start Tonight at Cubberly
## 
### 
“Fra Angelico at San Marco,”
frescos of the Middle Ages and
Renaissance, and “The Titan,”
photographed sculptures of Mi
chelangelo, will open the art film
series tonight in Cubberley Audi
torium.

Tickets are available at Tresid
der box office for the two show
ings at 7:15 and 8:45.

TKN MORE films will be
shown ihis quarter. On January
30, “Imges Medievales.” manu
scripts of 14th and 15th Century
France; “The London of William
Hogarth,” and “1848,” engravings
of Daumeir and contemporaries
will be shown.
“II Demoniaco Nell’Arte,” Ger
man and Flemish art of the Mid
dle Ages; “Moby Dick,” and “Lin
coln Speaks at Gettysburg” will
be shown February 13. The films
on Feb. 27 are “Ancient Art of
Peru,” “Indian Artist of the
Southwest,” “Prehistoric Im
ages,” and “The Works of Cal
der.”

The ticket prices are: $4 a sea
son ticket, SL23 single admission
and 75 cents, student tickets.
“Fra Angelico at San Marco,”
frescos of the Middle Ages and
Renaissance, and “The Titan,”
photographed sculptures of Mi
chelangelo, will open the art film
series tonight in Cubberley Audi
torium.

Tickets are available at Tresid
der box office for the two show
ings at 7:15 and 8:45.

TKN MORE films will be
shown ihis quarter. On January
30, “Imges Medievales.” manu
scripts of 14th and 15th Century
France; “The London of William
Hogarth,” and “1848,” engravings
of Daumeir and contemporaries
will be shown.
“II Demoniaco Nell’Arte,” Ger
man and Flemish art of the Mid
dle Ages; “Moby Dick,” and “Lin
coln Speaks at Gettysburg” will
be shown February 13. The films
on Feb. 27 are “Ancient Art of
Peru,” “Indian Artist of the
Southwest,” “Prehistoric Im
ages,” and “The Works of Cal
der.”

The ticket prices are: $4 a sea
son ticket, SL23 single admission
and 75 cents, student tickets.
“Fra Angelico at San Marco,”
frescos of the Middle Ages and
Renaissance, and “The Titan,”
photographed sculptures of Mi
chelangelo, will open the art film
series tonight in Cubberley Audi
torium.

Tickets are available at Tresid
der box office for the two show
ings at 7:15 and 8:45.

TKN MORE films will be
shown ihis quarter. On January
30, “Imges Medievales.” manu
scripts of 14th and 15th Century
France; “The London of William
Hogarth,” and “1848,” engravings
of Daumeir and contemporaries
will be shown.
“II Demoniaco Nell’Arte,” Ger
man and Flemish art of the Mid
dle Ages; “Moby Dick,” and “Lin
coln Speaks at Gettysburg” will
be shown February 13. The films
on Feb. 27 are “Ancient Art of
Peru,” “Indian Artist of the
Southwest,” “Prehistoric Im
ages,” and “The Works of Cal
der.”

The ticket prices are: $4 a sea
son ticket, SL23 single admission
and 75 cents, student tickets.
“Fra Angelico at San Marco,”
frescos of the Middle Ages and
Renaissance, and “The Titan,”
photographed sculptures of Mi
chelangelo, will open the art film
series tonight in Cubberley Audi
torium.

Tickets are available at Tresid
der box office for the two show
ings at 7:15 and 8:45.

TKN MORE films will be
shown ihis quarter. On January
30, “Imges Medievales.” manu
scripts of 14th and 15th Century
France; “The London of William
Hogarth,” and “1848,” engravings
of Daumeir and contemporaries
will be shown.
“II Demoniaco Nell’Arte,” Ger
man and Flemish art of the Mid
dle Ages; “Moby Dick,” and “Lin
coln Speaks at Gettysburg” will
be shown February 13. The films
on Feb. 27 are “Ancient Art of
Peru,” “Indian Artist of the
Southwest,” “Prehistoric Im
ages,” and “The Works of Cal
der.”

The ticket prices are: $4 a sea
son ticket, SL23 single admission
and 75 cents, student tickets.
“Fra Angelico at San Marco,”
frescos of the Middle Ages and
Renaissance, and “The Titan,”
photographed sculptures of Mi
chelangelo, will open the art film
series tonight in Cubberley Audi
torium.

Tickets are available at Tresid
der box office for the two show
ings at 7:15 and 8:45.

TKN MORE films will be
shown ihis quarter. On January
30, “Imges Medievales.” manu
scripts of 14th and 15th Century
France; “The London of William
Hogarth,” and “1848,” engravings
of Daumeir and contemporaries
will be shown.
“II Demoniaco Nell’Arte,” Ger
man and Flemish art of the Mid
dle Ages; “Moby Dick,” and “Lin
coln Speaks at Gettysburg” will
be shown February 13. The films
on Feb. 27 are “Ancient Art of
Peru,” “Indian Artist of the
Southwest,” “Prehistoric Im
ages,” and “The Works of Cal
der.”

The ticket prices are: $4 a sea
son ticket, SL23 single admission
and 75 cents, student tickets.
“Fra Angelico at San Marco,”
frescos of the Middle Ages and
Renaissance, and “The Titan,”
photographed sculptures of Mi
chelangelo, will open the art film
series tonight in Cubberley Audi
torium.

Tickets are available at Tresid
der box office for the two show
ings at 7:15 and 8:45.

TKN MORE films will be
shown ihis quarter. On January
30, “Imges Medievales.” manu
scripts of 14th and 15th Century
France; “The London of William
Hogarth,” and “1848,” engravings
of Daumeir and contemporaries
will be shown.
“II Demoniaco Nell’Arte,” Ger
man and Flemish art of the Mid
dle Ages; “Moby Dick,” and “Lin
coln Speaks at Gettysburg” will
be shown February 13. The films
on Feb. 27 are “Ancient Art of
Peru,” “Indian Artist of the
Southwest,” “Prehistoric Im
ages,” and “The Works of Cal
der.”

The ticket prices are: $4 a sea
son ticket, SL23 single admission
and 75 cents, student tickets.
“Fra Angelico at San Marco,”
frescos of the Middle Ages and
Renaissance, and “The Titan,”
photographed sculptures of Mi
chelangelo, will open the art film
series tonight in Cubberley Audi
torium.

Tickets are available at Tresid
der box office for the two show
ings at 7:15 and 8:45.

TKN MORE films will be
shown ihis quarter. On January
30, “Imges Medievales.” manu
scripts of 14th and 15th Century
France; “The London of William
Hogarth,” and “1848,” engravings
of Daumeir and contemporaries
will be shown.
“II Demoniaco Nell’Arte,” Ger
man and Flemish art of the Mid
dle Ages; “Moby Dick,” and “Lin
coln Speaks at Gettysburg” will
be shown February 13. The films
on Feb. 27 are “Ancient Art of
Peru,” “Indian Artist of the
Southwest,” “Prehistoric Im
ages,” and “The Works of Cal
der.”

The ticket prices are: $4 a sea
son ticket, SL23 single admission
and 75 cents, student tickets.
“Fra Angelico at San Marco,”
frescos of the Middle Ages and
Renaissance, and “The Titan,”
photographed sculptures of Mi
chelangelo, will open the art film
series tonight in Cubberley Audi
torium.

Tickets are available at Tresid
der box office for the two show
ings at 7:15 and 8:45.

TKN MORE films will be
shown ihis quarter. On January
30, “Imges Medievales.” manu
scripts of 14th and 15th Century
France; “The London of William
Hogarth,” and “1848,” engravings
of Daumeir and contemporaries
will be shown.
“II Demoniaco Nell’Arte,” Ger
man and Flemish art of the Mid
dle Ages; “Moby Dick,” and “Lin
coln Speaks at Gettysburg” will
be shown February 13. The films
on Feb. 27 are “Ancient Art of
Peru,” “Indian Artist of the
Southwest,” “Prehistoric Im
ages,” and “The Works of Cal
der.”

The ticket prices are: $4 a sea
son ticket, SL23 single admission
and 75 cents, student tickets.
“Fra Angelico at San Marco,”
frescos of the Middle Ages and
Renaissance, and “The Titan,”
photographed sculptures of Mi
chelangelo, will open the art film
series tonight in Cubberley Audi
torium.

Tickets are available at Tresid
der box office for the two show
ings at 7:15 and 8:45.

TKN MORE films will be
shown ihis quarter. On January
30, “Imges Medievales.” manu
scripts of 14th and 15th Century
France; “The London of William
Hogarth,” and “1848,” engravings
of Daumeir and contemporaries
will be shown.
“II Demoniaco Nell’Arte,” Ger
man and Flemish art of the Mid
dle Ages; “Moby Dick,” and “Lin
coln Speaks at Gettysburg” will
be shown February 13. The films
on Feb. 27 are “Ancient Art of
Peru,” “Indian Artist of the
Southwest,” “Prehistoric Im
ages,” and “The Works of Cal
der.”

The ticket prices are: $4 a sea
son ticket, SL23 single admission
and 75 cents, student tickets.
“Fra Angelico at San Marco,”
frescos of the Middle Ages and
Renaissance, and “The Titan,”
photographed sculptures of Mi
chelangelo, will open the art film
series tonight in Cubberley Audi
torium.

Tickets are available at Tresid
der box office for the two show
ings at 7:15 and 8:45.

TKN MORE films will be
shown ihis quarter. On January
30, “Imges Medievales.” manu
scripts of 14th and 15th Century
France; “The London of William
Hogarth,” and “1848,” engravings
of Daumeir and contemporaries
will be shown.
“II Demoniaco Nell’Arte,” Ger
man and Flemish art of the Mid
dle Ages; “Moby Dick,” and “Lin
coln Speaks at Gettysburg” will
be shown February 13. The films
on Feb. 27 are “Ancient Art of
Peru,” “Indian Artist of the
Southwest,” “Prehistoric Im
ages,” and “The Works of Cal
der.”

The ticket prices are: $4 a sea
son ticket, SL23 single admission
and 75 cents, student tickets.
“Fra Angelico at San Marco,”
frescos of the Middle Ages and
Renaissance, and “The Titan,”
photographed sculptures of Mi
chelangelo, will open the art film
series tonight in Cubberley Audi
torium.

Tickets are available at Tresid
der box office for the two show
ings at 7:15 and 8:45.

TKN MORE films will be
shown ihis quarter. On January
30, “Imges Medievales.” manu
scripts of 14th and 15th Century
France; “The London of William
Hogarth,” and “1848,” engravings
of Daumeir and contemporaries
will be shown.
“II Demoniaco Nell’Arte,” Ger
man and Flemish art of the Mid
dle Ages; “Moby Dick,” and “Lin
coln Speaks at Gettysburg” will
be shown February 13. The films
on Feb. 27 are “Ancient Art of
Peru,” “Indian Artist of the
Southwest,” “Prehistoric Im
ages,” and “The Works of Cal
der.”

The ticket prices are: $4 a sea
son ticket, SL23 single admission
and 75 cents, student tickets.
“Fra Angelico at San Marco,”
frescos of the Middle Ages and
Renaissance, and “The Titan,”
photographed sculptures of Mi
chelangelo, will open the art film
series tonight in Cubberley Audi
torium.

Tickets are available at Tresid
der box office for the two show
ings at 7:15 and 8:45.

TKN MORE films will be
shown ihis quarter. On January
30, “Imges Medievales.” manu
scripts of 14th and 15th Century
France; “The London of William
Hogarth,” and “1848,” engravings
of Daumeir and contemporaries
will be shown.
“II Demoniaco Nell’Arte,” Ger
man and Flemish art of the Mid
dle Ages; “Moby Dick,” and “Lin
coln Speaks at Gettysburg” will
be shown February 13. The films
on Feb. 27 are “Ancient Art of
Peru,” “Indian Artist of the
Southwest,” “Prehistoric Im
ages,” and “The Works of Cal
der.”

The ticket prices are: $4 a sea
son ticket, SL23 single admission
and 75 cents, student tickets.
“Fra Angelico at San Marco,”
frescos of the Middle Ages and
Renaissance, and “The Titan,”
photographed sculptures of Mi
chelangelo, will open the art film
series tonight in Cubberley Audi
torium.

Tickets are available at Tresid
der box office for the two show
ings at 7:15 and 8:45.

TKN MORE films will be
shown ihis quarter. On January
30, “Imges Medievales.” manu
scripts of 14th and 15th Century
France; “The London of William
Hogarth,” and “1848,” engravings
of Daumeir and contemporaries
will be shown.
“II Demoniaco Nell’Arte,” Ger
man and Flemish art of the Mid
dle Ages; “Moby Dick,” and “Lin
coln Speaks at Gettysburg” will
be shown February 13. The films
on Feb. 27 are “Ancient Art of
Peru,” “Indian Artist of the
Southwest,” “Prehistoric Im
ages,” and “The Works of Cal
der.”

The ticket prices are: $4 a sea
son ticket, SL23 single admission
and 75 cents, student tickets.
“Fra Angelico at San Marco,”
frescos of the Middle Ages and
Renaissance, and “The Titan,”
photographed sculptures of Mi
chelangelo, will open the art film
series tonight in Cubberley Audi
torium.

Tickets are available at Tresid
der box office for the two show
ings at 7:15 and 8:45.

TKN MORE films will be
shown ihis quarter. On January
30, “Imges Medievales.” manu
scripts of 14th and 15th Century
France; “The London of William
Hogarth,” and “1848,” engravings
of Daumeir and contemporaries
will be shown.
“II Demoniaco Nell’Arte,” Ger
man and Flemish art of the Mid
dle Ages; “Moby Dick,” and “Lin
coln Speaks at Gettysburg” will
be shown February 13. The films
on Feb. 27 are “Ancient Art of
Peru,” “Indian Artist of the
Southwest,” “Prehistoric Im
ages,” and “The Works of Cal
der.”

The ticket prices are: $4 a sea
son ticket, SL23 single admission
and 75 cents, student tickets.
“Fra Angelico at San Marco,”
frescos of the Middle Ages and
Renaissance, and “The Titan,”
photographed sculptures of Mi
chelangelo, will open the art film
series tonight in Cubberley Audi
torium.

Tickets are available at Tresid
der box office for the two show
ings at 7:15 and 8:45.

TKN MORE films will be
shown ihis quarter. On January
30, “Imges Medievales.” manu
scripts of 14th and 15th Century
France; “The London of William
Hogarth,” and “1848,” engravings
of Daumeir and contemporaries
will be shown.
“II Demoniaco Nell’Arte,” Ger
man and Flemish art of the Mid
dle Ages; “Moby Dick,” and “Lin
coln Speaks at Gettysburg” will
be shown February 13. The films
on Feb. 27 are “Ancient Art of
Peru,” “Indian Artist of the
Southwest,” “Prehistoric Im
ages,” and “The Works of Cal
der.”

The ticket prices are: $4 a sea
son ticket, SL23 single admission
and 75 cents, student tickets.
“Fra Angelico at San Marco,”
frescos of the Middle Ages and
Renaissance, and “The Titan,”
photographed sculptures of Mi
chelangelo, will open the art film
series tonight in Cubberley Audi
torium.

Tickets are available at Tresid
der box office for the two show
ings at 7:15 and 8:45.

TKN MORE films will be
shown ihis quarter. On January
30, “Imges Medievales.” manu
scripts of 14th and 15th Century
France; “The London of William
Hogarth,” and “1848,” engravings
of Daumeir and contemporaries
will be shown.
“II Demoniaco Nell’Arte,” Ger
man and Flemish art of the Mid
dle Ages; “Moby Dick,” and “Lin
coln Speaks at Gettysburg” will
be shown February 13. The films
on Feb. 27 are “Ancient Art of
Peru,” “Indian Artist of the
Southwest,” “Prehistoric Im
ages,” and “The Works of Cal
der.”

The ticket prices are: $4 a sea
son ticket, SL23 single admission
and 75 cents, student tickets.
“Fra Angelico at San Marco,”
frescos of the Middle Ages and
Renaissance, and “The Titan,”
photographed sculptures of Mi
chelangelo, will open the art film
series tonight in Cubberley Audi
torium.

Tickets are available at Tresid
der box office for the two show
ings at 7:15 and 8:45.

TKN MORE films will be
shown ihis quarter. On January
30, “Imges Medievales.” manu
scripts of 14th and 15th Century
France; “The London of William
Hogarth,” and “1848,” engravings
of Daumeir and contemporaries
will be shown.
“II Demoniaco Nell’Arte,” Ger
man and Flemish art of the Mid
dle Ages; “Moby Dick,” and “Lin
coln Speaks at Gettysburg” will
be shown February 13. The films
on Feb. 27 are “Ancient Art of
Peru,” “Indian Artist of the
Southwest,” “Prehistoric Im
ages,” and “The Works of Cal
der.”

The ticket prices are: $4 a sea
son ticket, SL23 single admission
and 75 cents, student tickets.
