# Untitled Article
## 
### 
On Saturday, May 11, a tennis tourn
ament open to the women of the Uni
versity will be held on the Roble
courts.
Prof. Abbott will deliver a lecture
before the Engineering students on the
"Legal Status of Electrical Companies"
in the Physics lectur-croom Thursday
at 4 o'clock.
On Saturday, May 11, a tennis tourn
ament open to the women of the Uni
versity will be held on the Roble
courts.
Prof. Abbott will deliver a lecture
before the Engineering students on the
"Legal Status of Electrical Companies"
in the Physics lectur-croom Thursday
at 4 o'clock.
On Saturday, May 11, a tennis tourn
ament open to the women of the Uni
versity will be held on the Roble
courts.
Prof. Abbott will deliver a lecture
before the Engineering students on the
"Legal Status of Electrical Companies"
in the Physics lectur-croom Thursday
at 4 o'clock.
On Saturday, May 11, a tennis tourn
ament open to the women of the Uni
versity will be held on the Roble
courts.
Prof. Abbott will deliver a lecture
before the Engineering students on the
"Legal Status of Electrical Companies"
in the Physics lectur-croom Thursday
at 4 o'clock.
