# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Jk the Junior field-day is lo bo a
huccess every athlete must see that
he is entered and should at once
hand in his name to the University
track captain or the t*iss track »ap
tain. Each man thould do hi.s Lest
to m ike the event successful, and
every new man will he given such
haudic/ip that he will have a fair
chance to win.
Jk the Junior field-day is lo bo a
huccess every athlete must see that
he is entered and should at once
hand in his name to the University
track captain or the t*iss track »ap
tain. Each man thould do hi.s Lest
to m ike the event successful, and
every new man will he given such
haudic/ip that he will have a fair
chance to win.
Jk the Junior field-day is lo bo a
huccess every athlete must see that
he is entered and should at once
hand in his name to the University
track captain or the t*iss track »ap
tain. Each man thould do hi.s Lest
to m ike the event successful, and
every new man will he given such
haudic/ip that he will have a fair
chance to win.
Jk the Junior field-day is lo bo a
huccess every athlete must see that
he is entered and should at once
hand in his name to the University
track captain or the t*iss track »ap
tain. Each man thould do hi.s Lest
to m ike the event successful, and
every new man will he given such
haudic/ip that he will have a fair
chance to win.
