# Another Student Body Meeting.
## 
### 
There will be a meeting of the As
sociated Students tomorrow at 1:15 in
the chapel. Sections 3 and 4 of the
proposed amendments will be considered
and nominations of cilieers for the com
ing year will be held. L. J. IJinsdii.l
There will be a meeting of the As
sociated Students tomorrow at 1:15 in
the chapel. Sections 3 and 4 of the
proposed amendments will be considered
and nominations of cilieers for the com
ing year will be held. L. J. IJinsdii.l
There will be a meeting of the As
sociated Students tomorrow at 1:15 in
the chapel. Sections 3 and 4 of the
proposed amendments will be considered
and nominations of cilieers for the com
ing year will be held. L. J. IJinsdii.l
There will be a meeting of the As
sociated Students tomorrow at 1:15 in
the chapel. Sections 3 and 4 of the
proposed amendments will be considered
and nominations of cilieers for the com
ing year will be held. L. J. IJinsdii.l
