# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Miss Helen Bullard, '14. returned to
the campus yesterday, to complete a
year of post-graduate work In the His
tory Department.
Miss Helen Bullard, '14. returned to
the campus yesterday, to complete a
year of post-graduate work In the His
tory Department.
Miss Helen Bullard, '14. returned to
the campus yesterday, to complete a
year of post-graduate work In the His
tory Department.
Miss Helen Bullard, '14. returned to
the campus yesterday, to complete a
year of post-graduate work In the His
tory Department.
Miss Helen Bullard, '14. returned to
the campus yesterday, to complete a
year of post-graduate work In the His
tory Department.
Miss Helen Bullard, '14. returned to
the campus yesterday, to complete a
year of post-graduate work In the His
tory Department.
Miss Helen Bullard, '14. returned to
the campus yesterday, to complete a
year of post-graduate work In the His
tory Department.
Miss Helen Bullard, '14. returned to
the campus yesterday, to complete a
year of post-graduate work In the His
tory Department.
Miss Helen Bullard, '14. returned to
the campus yesterday, to complete a
year of post-graduate work In the His
tory Department.
Miss Helen Bullard, '14. returned to
the campus yesterday, to complete a
year of post-graduate work In the His
tory Department.
Miss Helen Bullard, '14. returned to
the campus yesterday, to complete a
year of post-graduate work In the His
tory Department.
Miss Helen Bullard, '14. returned to
the campus yesterday, to complete a
year of post-graduate work In the His
tory Department.
Miss Helen Bullard, '14. returned to
the campus yesterday, to complete a
year of post-graduate work In the His
tory Department.
Miss Helen Bullard, '14. returned to
the campus yesterday, to complete a
year of post-graduate work In the His
tory Department.
