# Oakland Aviator Killed.
## 
### 
I'nited Press Teloffrnphie Roport
Pueblo, Colo., Sept. I(s.—Weldon
Cooke, an Oakland aviator, was killed
this morning while flying at the state
fair here. His machine collapsed at a
height of several hundred feet.
I'nited Press Teloffrnphie Roport
Pueblo, Colo., Sept. I(s.—Weldon
Cooke, an Oakland aviator, was killed
this morning while flying at the state
fair here. His machine collapsed at a
height of several hundred feet.
I'nited Press Teloffrnphie Roport
Pueblo, Colo., Sept. I(s.—Weldon
Cooke, an Oakland aviator, was killed
this morning while flying at the state
fair here. His machine collapsed at a
height of several hundred feet.
I'nited Press Teloffrnphie Roport
Pueblo, Colo., Sept. I(s.—Weldon
Cooke, an Oakland aviator, was killed
this morning while flying at the state
fair here. His machine collapsed at a
height of several hundred feet.
I'nited Press Teloffrnphie Roport
Pueblo, Colo., Sept. I(s.—Weldon
Cooke, an Oakland aviator, was killed
this morning while flying at the state
fair here. His machine collapsed at a
height of several hundred feet.
I'nited Press Teloffrnphie Roport
Pueblo, Colo., Sept. I(s.—Weldon
Cooke, an Oakland aviator, was killed
this morning while flying at the state
fair here. His machine collapsed at a
height of several hundred feet.
I'nited Press Teloffrnphie Roport
Pueblo, Colo., Sept. I(s.—Weldon
Cooke, an Oakland aviator, was killed
this morning while flying at the state
fair here. His machine collapsed at a
height of several hundred feet.
I'nited Press Teloffrnphie Roport
Pueblo, Colo., Sept. I(s.—Weldon
Cooke, an Oakland aviator, was killed
this morning while flying at the state
fair here. His machine collapsed at a
height of several hundred feet.
I'nited Press Teloffrnphie Roport
Pueblo, Colo., Sept. I(s.—Weldon
Cooke, an Oakland aviator, was killed
this morning while flying at the state
fair here. His machine collapsed at a
height of several hundred feet.
I'nited Press Teloffrnphie Roport
Pueblo, Colo., Sept. I(s.—Weldon
Cooke, an Oakland aviator, was killed
this morning while flying at the state
fair here. His machine collapsed at a
height of several hundred feet.
I'nited Press Teloffrnphie Roport
Pueblo, Colo., Sept. I(s.—Weldon
Cooke, an Oakland aviator, was killed
this morning while flying at the state
fair here. His machine collapsed at a
height of several hundred feet.
I'nited Press Teloffrnphie Roport
Pueblo, Colo., Sept. I(s.—Weldon
Cooke, an Oakland aviator, was killed
this morning while flying at the state
fair here. His machine collapsed at a
height of several hundred feet.
I'nited Press Teloffrnphie Roport
Pueblo, Colo., Sept. I(s.—Weldon
Cooke, an Oakland aviator, was killed
this morning while flying at the state
fair here. His machine collapsed at a
height of several hundred feet.
I'nited Press Teloffrnphie Roport
Pueblo, Colo., Sept. I(s.—Weldon
Cooke, an Oakland aviator, was killed
this morning while flying at the state
fair here. His machine collapsed at a
height of several hundred feet.
