# Stanford Chemist Held as Objector
## 
### 
Dr. Don Charles Do Vault, former
Stanford chemistry and physics re
search associate, arrested on draft
evasion charges, today reaffirmed his
stand as a conscientious objector. He
was held for grand jury action for
violating the selective service act.

De Vault appeared before United
States Commissioner Frances St. J.
Fox in San Francisco this afternoon,
according to Associated Press re
ports. His bail was reduced from
$2,500 to $1,000.
De Vault was graduated from the
California Institute of Technology.
Dr. Don Charles Do Vault, former
Stanford chemistry and physics re
search associate, arrested on draft
evasion charges, today reaffirmed his
stand as a conscientious objector. He
was held for grand jury action for
violating the selective service act.

De Vault appeared before United
States Commissioner Frances St. J.
Fox in San Francisco this afternoon,
according to Associated Press re
ports. His bail was reduced from
$2,500 to $1,000.
De Vault was graduated from the
California Institute of Technology.
Dr. Don Charles Do Vault, former
Stanford chemistry and physics re
search associate, arrested on draft
evasion charges, today reaffirmed his
stand as a conscientious objector. He
was held for grand jury action for
violating the selective service act.

De Vault appeared before United
States Commissioner Frances St. J.
Fox in San Francisco this afternoon,
according to Associated Press re
ports. His bail was reduced from
$2,500 to $1,000.
De Vault was graduated from the
California Institute of Technology.
Dr. Don Charles Do Vault, former
Stanford chemistry and physics re
search associate, arrested on draft
evasion charges, today reaffirmed his
stand as a conscientious objector. He
was held for grand jury action for
violating the selective service act.

De Vault appeared before United
States Commissioner Frances St. J.
Fox in San Francisco this afternoon,
according to Associated Press re
ports. His bail was reduced from
$2,500 to $1,000.
De Vault was graduated from the
California Institute of Technology.
Dr. Don Charles Do Vault, former
Stanford chemistry and physics re
search associate, arrested on draft
evasion charges, today reaffirmed his
stand as a conscientious objector. He
was held for grand jury action for
violating the selective service act.

De Vault appeared before United
States Commissioner Frances St. J.
Fox in San Francisco this afternoon,
according to Associated Press re
ports. His bail was reduced from
$2,500 to $1,000.
De Vault was graduated from the
California Institute of Technology.
Dr. Don Charles Do Vault, former
Stanford chemistry and physics re
search associate, arrested on draft
evasion charges, today reaffirmed his
stand as a conscientious objector. He
was held for grand jury action for
violating the selective service act.

De Vault appeared before United
States Commissioner Frances St. J.
Fox in San Francisco this afternoon,
according to Associated Press re
ports. His bail was reduced from
$2,500 to $1,000.
De Vault was graduated from the
California Institute of Technology.
Dr. Don Charles Do Vault, former
Stanford chemistry and physics re
search associate, arrested on draft
evasion charges, today reaffirmed his
stand as a conscientious objector. He
was held for grand jury action for
violating the selective service act.

De Vault appeared before United
States Commissioner Frances St. J.
Fox in San Francisco this afternoon,
according to Associated Press re
ports. His bail was reduced from
$2,500 to $1,000.
De Vault was graduated from the
California Institute of Technology.
Dr. Don Charles Do Vault, former
Stanford chemistry and physics re
search associate, arrested on draft
evasion charges, today reaffirmed his
stand as a conscientious objector. He
was held for grand jury action for
violating the selective service act.

De Vault appeared before United
States Commissioner Frances St. J.
Fox in San Francisco this afternoon,
according to Associated Press re
ports. His bail was reduced from
$2,500 to $1,000.
De Vault was graduated from the
California Institute of Technology.
Dr. Don Charles Do Vault, former
Stanford chemistry and physics re
search associate, arrested on draft
evasion charges, today reaffirmed his
stand as a conscientious objector. He
was held for grand jury action for
violating the selective service act.

De Vault appeared before United
States Commissioner Frances St. J.
Fox in San Francisco this afternoon,
according to Associated Press re
ports. His bail was reduced from
$2,500 to $1,000.
De Vault was graduated from the
California Institute of Technology.
Dr. Don Charles Do Vault, former
Stanford chemistry and physics re
search associate, arrested on draft
evasion charges, today reaffirmed his
stand as a conscientious objector. He
was held for grand jury action for
violating the selective service act.

De Vault appeared before United
States Commissioner Frances St. J.
Fox in San Francisco this afternoon,
according to Associated Press re
ports. His bail was reduced from
$2,500 to $1,000.
De Vault was graduated from the
California Institute of Technology.
Dr. Don Charles Do Vault, former
Stanford chemistry and physics re
search associate, arrested on draft
evasion charges, today reaffirmed his
stand as a conscientious objector. He
was held for grand jury action for
violating the selective service act.

De Vault appeared before United
States Commissioner Frances St. J.
Fox in San Francisco this afternoon,
according to Associated Press re
ports. His bail was reduced from
$2,500 to $1,000.
De Vault was graduated from the
California Institute of Technology.
Dr. Don Charles Do Vault, former
Stanford chemistry and physics re
search associate, arrested on draft
evasion charges, today reaffirmed his
stand as a conscientious objector. He
was held for grand jury action for
violating the selective service act.

De Vault appeared before United
States Commissioner Frances St. J.
Fox in San Francisco this afternoon,
according to Associated Press re
ports. His bail was reduced from
$2,500 to $1,000.
De Vault was graduated from the
California Institute of Technology.
Dr. Don Charles Do Vault, former
Stanford chemistry and physics re
search associate, arrested on draft
evasion charges, today reaffirmed his
stand as a conscientious objector. He
was held for grand jury action for
violating the selective service act.

De Vault appeared before United
States Commissioner Frances St. J.
Fox in San Francisco this afternoon,
according to Associated Press re
ports. His bail was reduced from
$2,500 to $1,000.
De Vault was graduated from the
California Institute of Technology.
Dr. Don Charles Do Vault, former
Stanford chemistry and physics re
search associate, arrested on draft
evasion charges, today reaffirmed his
stand as a conscientious objector. He
was held for grand jury action for
violating the selective service act.

De Vault appeared before United
States Commissioner Frances St. J.
Fox in San Francisco this afternoon,
according to Associated Press re
ports. His bail was reduced from
$2,500 to $1,000.
De Vault was graduated from the
California Institute of Technology.
Dr. Don Charles Do Vault, former
Stanford chemistry and physics re
search associate, arrested on draft
evasion charges, today reaffirmed his
stand as a conscientious objector. He
was held for grand jury action for
violating the selective service act.

De Vault appeared before United
States Commissioner Frances St. J.
Fox in San Francisco this afternoon,
according to Associated Press re
ports. His bail was reduced from
$2,500 to $1,000.
De Vault was graduated from the
California Institute of Technology.
Dr. Don Charles Do Vault, former
Stanford chemistry and physics re
search associate, arrested on draft
evasion charges, today reaffirmed his
stand as a conscientious objector. He
was held for grand jury action for
violating the selective service act.

De Vault appeared before United
States Commissioner Frances St. J.
Fox in San Francisco this afternoon,
according to Associated Press re
ports. His bail was reduced from
$2,500 to $1,000.
De Vault was graduated from the
California Institute of Technology.
Dr. Don Charles Do Vault, former
Stanford chemistry and physics re
search associate, arrested on draft
evasion charges, today reaffirmed his
stand as a conscientious objector. He
was held for grand jury action for
violating the selective service act.

De Vault appeared before United
States Commissioner Frances St. J.
Fox in San Francisco this afternoon,
according to Associated Press re
ports. His bail was reduced from
$2,500 to $1,000.
De Vault was graduated from the
California Institute of Technology.
