# STRICKEN
## 
### 

A shocked nation could not believe
(he sudden death of ex-President
Calvin Coolidge. The revered execu
tive died quietly of heart-failure at
his Massachusetts home.

A shocked nation could not believe
(he sudden death of ex-President
Calvin Coolidge. The revered execu
tive died quietly of heart-failure at
his Massachusetts home.

A shocked nation could not believe
(he sudden death of ex-President
Calvin Coolidge. The revered execu
tive died quietly of heart-failure at
his Massachusetts home.

A shocked nation could not believe
(he sudden death of ex-President
Calvin Coolidge. The revered execu
tive died quietly of heart-failure at
his Massachusetts home.

A shocked nation could not believe
(he sudden death of ex-President
Calvin Coolidge. The revered execu
tive died quietly of heart-failure at
his Massachusetts home.

A shocked nation could not believe
(he sudden death of ex-President
Calvin Coolidge. The revered execu
tive died quietly of heart-failure at
his Massachusetts home.

A shocked nation could not believe
(he sudden death of ex-President
Calvin Coolidge. The revered execu
tive died quietly of heart-failure at
his Massachusetts home.

A shocked nation could not believe
(he sudden death of ex-President
Calvin Coolidge. The revered execu
tive died quietly of heart-failure at
his Massachusetts home.

A shocked nation could not believe
(he sudden death of ex-President
Calvin Coolidge. The revered execu
tive died quietly of heart-failure at
his Massachusetts home.

A shocked nation could not believe
(he sudden death of ex-President
Calvin Coolidge. The revered execu
tive died quietly of heart-failure at
his Massachusetts home.

A shocked nation could not believe
(he sudden death of ex-President
Calvin Coolidge. The revered execu
tive died quietly of heart-failure at
his Massachusetts home.

A shocked nation could not believe
(he sudden death of ex-President
Calvin Coolidge. The revered execu
tive died quietly of heart-failure at
his Massachusetts home.

A shocked nation could not believe
(he sudden death of ex-President
Calvin Coolidge. The revered execu
tive died quietly of heart-failure at
his Massachusetts home.

A shocked nation could not believe
(he sudden death of ex-President
Calvin Coolidge. The revered execu
tive died quietly of heart-failure at
his Massachusetts home.
