# Held as Poisoner
## 
### 

Henry Laboissierre, Tigard, Ore.
farmer was arrested by state police
charged with having put poison in
Peter Boose's beer because the lat
ter accused him of giving informa
tion to federal dry agents. Boose
died after drinking beer, (Associ
ated Press Photo)

Henry Laboissierre, Tigard, Ore.
farmer was arrested by state police
charged with having put poison in
Peter Boose's beer because the lat
ter accused him of giving informa
tion to federal dry agents. Boose
died after drinking beer, (Associ
ated Press Photo)

Henry Laboissierre, Tigard, Ore.
farmer was arrested by state police
charged with having put poison in
Peter Boose's beer because the lat
ter accused him of giving informa
tion to federal dry agents. Boose
died after drinking beer, (Associ
ated Press Photo)

Henry Laboissierre, Tigard, Ore.
farmer was arrested by state police
charged with having put poison in
Peter Boose's beer because the lat
ter accused him of giving informa
tion to federal dry agents. Boose
died after drinking beer, (Associ
ated Press Photo)

Henry Laboissierre, Tigard, Ore.
farmer was arrested by state police
charged with having put poison in
Peter Boose's beer because the lat
ter accused him of giving informa
tion to federal dry agents. Boose
died after drinking beer, (Associ
ated Press Photo)

Henry Laboissierre, Tigard, Ore.
farmer was arrested by state police
charged with having put poison in
Peter Boose's beer because the lat
ter accused him of giving informa
tion to federal dry agents. Boose
died after drinking beer, (Associ
ated Press Photo)

Henry Laboissierre, Tigard, Ore.
farmer was arrested by state police
charged with having put poison in
Peter Boose's beer because the lat
ter accused him of giving informa
tion to federal dry agents. Boose
died after drinking beer, (Associ
ated Press Photo)

Henry Laboissierre, Tigard, Ore.
farmer was arrested by state police
charged with having put poison in
Peter Boose's beer because the lat
ter accused him of giving informa
tion to federal dry agents. Boose
died after drinking beer, (Associ
ated Press Photo)

Henry Laboissierre, Tigard, Ore.
farmer was arrested by state police
charged with having put poison in
Peter Boose's beer because the lat
ter accused him of giving informa
tion to federal dry agents. Boose
died after drinking beer, (Associ
ated Press Photo)

Henry Laboissierre, Tigard, Ore.
farmer was arrested by state police
charged with having put poison in
Peter Boose's beer because the lat
ter accused him of giving informa
tion to federal dry agents. Boose
died after drinking beer, (Associ
ated Press Photo)

Henry Laboissierre, Tigard, Ore.
farmer was arrested by state police
charged with having put poison in
Peter Boose's beer because the lat
ter accused him of giving informa
tion to federal dry agents. Boose
died after drinking beer, (Associ
ated Press Photo)

Henry Laboissierre, Tigard, Ore.
farmer was arrested by state police
charged with having put poison in
Peter Boose's beer because the lat
ter accused him of giving informa
tion to federal dry agents. Boose
died after drinking beer, (Associ
ated Press Photo)

Henry Laboissierre, Tigard, Ore.
farmer was arrested by state police
charged with having put poison in
Peter Boose's beer because the lat
ter accused him of giving informa
tion to federal dry agents. Boose
died after drinking beer, (Associ
ated Press Photo)

Henry Laboissierre, Tigard, Ore.
farmer was arrested by state police
charged with having put poison in
Peter Boose's beer because the lat
ter accused him of giving informa
tion to federal dry agents. Boose
died after drinking beer, (Associ
ated Press Photo)
