# Directory To Appear Soon.
## 
### 
The Student's Directory for the en
suing semester is now being printed
in San Francisco and, unless some
thing nforseen occurs, will be for
sale on the campus during the next
few days.
The Student's Directory for the en
suing semester is now being printed
in San Francisco and, unless some
thing nforseen occurs, will be for
sale on the campus during the next
few days.
The Student's Directory for the en
suing semester is now being printed
in San Francisco and, unless some
thing nforseen occurs, will be for
sale on the campus during the next
few days.
The Student's Directory for the en
suing semester is now being printed
in San Francisco and, unless some
thing nforseen occurs, will be for
sale on the campus during the next
few days.
The Student's Directory for the en
suing semester is now being printed
in San Francisco and, unless some
thing nforseen occurs, will be for
sale on the campus during the next
few days.
The Student's Directory for the en
suing semester is now being printed
in San Francisco and, unless some
thing nforseen occurs, will be for
sale on the campus during the next
few days.
The Student's Directory for the en
suing semester is now being printed
in San Francisco and, unless some
thing nforseen occurs, will be for
sale on the campus during the next
few days.
The Student's Directory for the en
suing semester is now being printed
in San Francisco and, unless some
thing nforseen occurs, will be for
sale on the campus during the next
few days.
The Student's Directory for the en
suing semester is now being printed
in San Francisco and, unless some
thing nforseen occurs, will be for
sale on the campus during the next
few days.
The Student's Directory for the en
suing semester is now being printed
in San Francisco and, unless some
thing nforseen occurs, will be for
sale on the campus during the next
few days.
The Student's Directory for the en
suing semester is now being printed
in San Francisco and, unless some
thing nforseen occurs, will be for
sale on the campus during the next
few days.
