# Russian Exhibit
## 
### 
A general factual exhibit on the
USSR, the only one of its kind
available in this country, will be

on display in the Victor J. West
Memorial Library, room 21 of the
Political Science building, from 2
to 4 o'clock this afternoon and
tomorrow.
The exhibit was loaned by the
American Russian Institute in San
Francisco for use in Dr. James K.
Pollock's class in contemporary
European government. It contains
charts, statistical material pho
tographs, and picture magazines
covering such subjects as govern
ment, rights of citizens, heavy and
light industry, transportation, agri
culture, labor, and defense.
To the display, designed in 1937,
the Political Science department
has added all its books on Soviet
Russia.
A general factual exhibit on the
USSR, the only one of its kind
available in this country, will be

on display in the Victor J. West
Memorial Library, room 21 of the
Political Science building, from 2
to 4 o'clock this afternoon and
tomorrow.
The exhibit was loaned by the
American Russian Institute in San
Francisco for use in Dr. James K.
Pollock's class in contemporary
European government. It contains
charts, statistical material pho
tographs, and picture magazines
covering such subjects as govern
ment, rights of citizens, heavy and
light industry, transportation, agri
culture, labor, and defense.
To the display, designed in 1937,
the Political Science department
has added all its books on Soviet
Russia.
A general factual exhibit on the
USSR, the only one of its kind
available in this country, will be

on display in the Victor J. West
Memorial Library, room 21 of the
Political Science building, from 2
to 4 o'clock this afternoon and
tomorrow.
The exhibit was loaned by the
American Russian Institute in San
Francisco for use in Dr. James K.
Pollock's class in contemporary
European government. It contains
charts, statistical material pho
tographs, and picture magazines
covering such subjects as govern
ment, rights of citizens, heavy and
light industry, transportation, agri
culture, labor, and defense.
To the display, designed in 1937,
the Political Science department
has added all its books on Soviet
Russia.
A general factual exhibit on the
USSR, the only one of its kind
available in this country, will be

on display in the Victor J. West
Memorial Library, room 21 of the
Political Science building, from 2
to 4 o'clock this afternoon and
tomorrow.
The exhibit was loaned by the
American Russian Institute in San
Francisco for use in Dr. James K.
Pollock's class in contemporary
European government. It contains
charts, statistical material pho
tographs, and picture magazines
covering such subjects as govern
ment, rights of citizens, heavy and
light industry, transportation, agri
culture, labor, and defense.
To the display, designed in 1937,
the Political Science department
has added all its books on Soviet
Russia.
A general factual exhibit on the
USSR, the only one of its kind
available in this country, will be

on display in the Victor J. West
Memorial Library, room 21 of the
Political Science building, from 2
to 4 o'clock this afternoon and
tomorrow.
The exhibit was loaned by the
American Russian Institute in San
Francisco for use in Dr. James K.
Pollock's class in contemporary
European government. It contains
charts, statistical material pho
tographs, and picture magazines
covering such subjects as govern
ment, rights of citizens, heavy and
light industry, transportation, agri
culture, labor, and defense.
To the display, designed in 1937,
the Political Science department
has added all its books on Soviet
Russia.
A general factual exhibit on the
USSR, the only one of its kind
available in this country, will be

on display in the Victor J. West
Memorial Library, room 21 of the
Political Science building, from 2
to 4 o'clock this afternoon and
tomorrow.
The exhibit was loaned by the
American Russian Institute in San
Francisco for use in Dr. James K.
Pollock's class in contemporary
European government. It contains
charts, statistical material pho
tographs, and picture magazines
covering such subjects as govern
ment, rights of citizens, heavy and
light industry, transportation, agri
culture, labor, and defense.
To the display, designed in 1937,
the Political Science department
has added all its books on Soviet
Russia.
A general factual exhibit on the
USSR, the only one of its kind
available in this country, will be

on display in the Victor J. West
Memorial Library, room 21 of the
Political Science building, from 2
to 4 o'clock this afternoon and
tomorrow.
The exhibit was loaned by the
American Russian Institute in San
Francisco for use in Dr. James K.
Pollock's class in contemporary
European government. It contains
charts, statistical material pho
tographs, and picture magazines
covering such subjects as govern
ment, rights of citizens, heavy and
light industry, transportation, agri
culture, labor, and defense.
To the display, designed in 1937,
the Political Science department
has added all its books on Soviet
Russia.
A general factual exhibit on the
USSR, the only one of its kind
available in this country, will be

on display in the Victor J. West
Memorial Library, room 21 of the
Political Science building, from 2
to 4 o'clock this afternoon and
tomorrow.
The exhibit was loaned by the
American Russian Institute in San
Francisco for use in Dr. James K.
Pollock's class in contemporary
European government. It contains
charts, statistical material pho
tographs, and picture magazines
covering such subjects as govern
ment, rights of citizens, heavy and
light industry, transportation, agri
culture, labor, and defense.
To the display, designed in 1937,
the Political Science department
has added all its books on Soviet
Russia.
A general factual exhibit on the
USSR, the only one of its kind
available in this country, will be

on display in the Victor J. West
Memorial Library, room 21 of the
Political Science building, from 2
to 4 o'clock this afternoon and
tomorrow.
The exhibit was loaned by the
American Russian Institute in San
Francisco for use in Dr. James K.
Pollock's class in contemporary
European government. It contains
charts, statistical material pho
tographs, and picture magazines
covering such subjects as govern
ment, rights of citizens, heavy and
light industry, transportation, agri
culture, labor, and defense.
To the display, designed in 1937,
the Political Science department
has added all its books on Soviet
Russia.
A general factual exhibit on the
USSR, the only one of its kind
available in this country, will be

on display in the Victor J. West
Memorial Library, room 21 of the
Political Science building, from 2
to 4 o'clock this afternoon and
tomorrow.
The exhibit was loaned by the
American Russian Institute in San
Francisco for use in Dr. James K.
Pollock's class in contemporary
European government. It contains
charts, statistical material pho
tographs, and picture magazines
covering such subjects as govern
ment, rights of citizens, heavy and
light industry, transportation, agri
culture, labor, and defense.
To the display, designed in 1937,
the Political Science department
has added all its books on Soviet
Russia.
A general factual exhibit on the
USSR, the only one of its kind
available in this country, will be

on display in the Victor J. West
Memorial Library, room 21 of the
Political Science building, from 2
to 4 o'clock this afternoon and
tomorrow.
The exhibit was loaned by the
American Russian Institute in San
Francisco for use in Dr. James K.
Pollock's class in contemporary
European government. It contains
charts, statistical material pho
tographs, and picture magazines
covering such subjects as govern
ment, rights of citizens, heavy and
light industry, transportation, agri
culture, labor, and defense.
To the display, designed in 1937,
the Political Science department
has added all its books on Soviet
Russia.
A general factual exhibit on the
USSR, the only one of its kind
available in this country, will be

on display in the Victor J. West
Memorial Library, room 21 of the
Political Science building, from 2
to 4 o'clock this afternoon and
tomorrow.
The exhibit was loaned by the
American Russian Institute in San
Francisco for use in Dr. James K.
Pollock's class in contemporary
European government. It contains
charts, statistical material pho
tographs, and picture magazines
covering such subjects as govern
ment, rights of citizens, heavy and
light industry, transportation, agri
culture, labor, and defense.
To the display, designed in 1937,
the Political Science department
has added all its books on Soviet
Russia.
A general factual exhibit on the
USSR, the only one of its kind
available in this country, will be

on display in the Victor J. West
Memorial Library, room 21 of the
Political Science building, from 2
to 4 o'clock this afternoon and
tomorrow.
The exhibit was loaned by the
American Russian Institute in San
Francisco for use in Dr. James K.
Pollock's class in contemporary
European government. It contains
charts, statistical material pho
tographs, and picture magazines
covering such subjects as govern
ment, rights of citizens, heavy and
light industry, transportation, agri
culture, labor, and defense.
To the display, designed in 1937,
the Political Science department
has added all its books on Soviet
Russia.
A general factual exhibit on the
USSR, the only one of its kind
available in this country, will be

on display in the Victor J. West
Memorial Library, room 21 of the
Political Science building, from 2
to 4 o'clock this afternoon and
tomorrow.
The exhibit was loaned by the
American Russian Institute in San
Francisco for use in Dr. James K.
Pollock's class in contemporary
European government. It contains
charts, statistical material pho
tographs, and picture magazines
covering such subjects as govern
ment, rights of citizens, heavy and
light industry, transportation, agri
culture, labor, and defense.
To the display, designed in 1937,
the Political Science department
has added all its books on Soviet
Russia.
A general factual exhibit on the
USSR, the only one of its kind
available in this country, will be

on display in the Victor J. West
Memorial Library, room 21 of the
Political Science building, from 2
to 4 o'clock this afternoon and
tomorrow.
The exhibit was loaned by the
American Russian Institute in San
Francisco for use in Dr. James K.
Pollock's class in contemporary
European government. It contains
charts, statistical material pho
tographs, and picture magazines
covering such subjects as govern
ment, rights of citizens, heavy and
light industry, transportation, agri
culture, labor, and defense.
To the display, designed in 1937,
the Political Science department
has added all its books on Soviet
Russia.
