# Wallace Talk Hurt America Says Johnston
## 
### 
BRUSSELS, Belgium, June 26
(UP). — Eric Johnston today at
tacked Henry Wallace for planting
bad misconceptions and bad advice
concerning the United States and
world affairs during "his grand
tours." He said they damaged the
moral standing of America and hurt
the cause of peace and recovery.
"It would be tragic if Europe and
the rest of the world were to be
misled by the false preachings that
America is going to misuse its po
litical and economic power in the
world today," Johnston said.
BRUSSELS, Belgium, June 26
(UP). — Eric Johnston today at
tacked Henry Wallace for planting
bad misconceptions and bad advice
concerning the United States and
world affairs during "his grand
tours." He said they damaged the
moral standing of America and hurt
the cause of peace and recovery.
"It would be tragic if Europe and
the rest of the world were to be
misled by the false preachings that
America is going to misuse its po
litical and economic power in the
world today," Johnston said.
BRUSSELS, Belgium, June 26
(UP). — Eric Johnston today at
tacked Henry Wallace for planting
bad misconceptions and bad advice
concerning the United States and
world affairs during "his grand
tours." He said they damaged the
moral standing of America and hurt
the cause of peace and recovery.
"It would be tragic if Europe and
the rest of the world were to be
misled by the false preachings that
America is going to misuse its po
litical and economic power in the
world today," Johnston said.
BRUSSELS, Belgium, June 26
(UP). — Eric Johnston today at
tacked Henry Wallace for planting
bad misconceptions and bad advice
concerning the United States and
world affairs during "his grand
tours." He said they damaged the
moral standing of America and hurt
the cause of peace and recovery.
"It would be tragic if Europe and
the rest of the world were to be
misled by the false preachings that
America is going to misuse its po
litical and economic power in the
world today," Johnston said.
BRUSSELS, Belgium, June 26
(UP). — Eric Johnston today at
tacked Henry Wallace for planting
bad misconceptions and bad advice
concerning the United States and
world affairs during "his grand
tours." He said they damaged the
moral standing of America and hurt
the cause of peace and recovery.
"It would be tragic if Europe and
the rest of the world were to be
misled by the false preachings that
America is going to misuse its po
litical and economic power in the
world today," Johnston said.
BRUSSELS, Belgium, June 26
(UP). — Eric Johnston today at
tacked Henry Wallace for planting
bad misconceptions and bad advice
concerning the United States and
world affairs during "his grand
tours." He said they damaged the
moral standing of America and hurt
the cause of peace and recovery.
"It would be tragic if Europe and
the rest of the world were to be
misled by the false preachings that
America is going to misuse its po
litical and economic power in the
world today," Johnston said.
BRUSSELS, Belgium, June 26
(UP). — Eric Johnston today at
tacked Henry Wallace for planting
bad misconceptions and bad advice
concerning the United States and
world affairs during "his grand
tours." He said they damaged the
moral standing of America and hurt
the cause of peace and recovery.
"It would be tragic if Europe and
the rest of the world were to be
misled by the false preachings that
America is going to misuse its po
litical and economic power in the
world today," Johnston said.
BRUSSELS, Belgium, June 26
(UP). — Eric Johnston today at
tacked Henry Wallace for planting
bad misconceptions and bad advice
concerning the United States and
world affairs during "his grand
tours." He said they damaged the
moral standing of America and hurt
the cause of peace and recovery.
"It would be tragic if Europe and
the rest of the world were to be
misled by the false preachings that
America is going to misuse its po
litical and economic power in the
world today," Johnston said.
BRUSSELS, Belgium, June 26
(UP). — Eric Johnston today at
tacked Henry Wallace for planting
bad misconceptions and bad advice
concerning the United States and
world affairs during "his grand
tours." He said they damaged the
moral standing of America and hurt
the cause of peace and recovery.
"It would be tragic if Europe and
the rest of the world were to be
misled by the false preachings that
America is going to misuse its po
litical and economic power in the
world today," Johnston said.
BRUSSELS, Belgium, June 26
(UP). — Eric Johnston today at
tacked Henry Wallace for planting
bad misconceptions and bad advice
concerning the United States and
world affairs during "his grand
tours." He said they damaged the
moral standing of America and hurt
the cause of peace and recovery.
"It would be tragic if Europe and
the rest of the world were to be
misled by the false preachings that
America is going to misuse its po
litical and economic power in the
world today," Johnston said.
BRUSSELS, Belgium, June 26
(UP). — Eric Johnston today at
tacked Henry Wallace for planting
bad misconceptions and bad advice
concerning the United States and
world affairs during "his grand
tours." He said they damaged the
moral standing of America and hurt
the cause of peace and recovery.
"It would be tragic if Europe and
the rest of the world were to be
misled by the false preachings that
America is going to misuse its po
litical and economic power in the
world today," Johnston said.
BRUSSELS, Belgium, June 26
(UP). — Eric Johnston today at
tacked Henry Wallace for planting
bad misconceptions and bad advice
concerning the United States and
world affairs during "his grand
tours." He said they damaged the
moral standing of America and hurt
the cause of peace and recovery.
"It would be tragic if Europe and
the rest of the world were to be
misled by the false preachings that
America is going to misuse its po
litical and economic power in the
world today," Johnston said.
BRUSSELS, Belgium, June 26
(UP). — Eric Johnston today at
tacked Henry Wallace for planting
bad misconceptions and bad advice
concerning the United States and
world affairs during "his grand
tours." He said they damaged the
moral standing of America and hurt
the cause of peace and recovery.
"It would be tragic if Europe and
the rest of the world were to be
misled by the false preachings that
America is going to misuse its po
litical and economic power in the
world today," Johnston said.
BRUSSELS, Belgium, June 26
(UP). — Eric Johnston today at
tacked Henry Wallace for planting
bad misconceptions and bad advice
concerning the United States and
world affairs during "his grand
tours." He said they damaged the
moral standing of America and hurt
the cause of peace and recovery.
"It would be tragic if Europe and
the rest of the world were to be
misled by the false preachings that
America is going to misuse its po
litical and economic power in the
world today," Johnston said.
BRUSSELS, Belgium, June 26
(UP). — Eric Johnston today at
tacked Henry Wallace for planting
bad misconceptions and bad advice
concerning the United States and
world affairs during "his grand
tours." He said they damaged the
moral standing of America and hurt
the cause of peace and recovery.
"It would be tragic if Europe and
the rest of the world were to be
misled by the false preachings that
America is going to misuse its po
litical and economic power in the
world today," Johnston said.
