# Key Men to Vote On Strike Today
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, June 2G (UP).
—The Key System strike which has
tied up transportation in San Fran
cisco and Oakland for 16 days
neared a possible end late today
when the regulations committee of
the union received a proposal from
the company.
Union members will vote on the
proposals, the terms of which were
not divulged, at a mass meeting in
the Oakland Auditorium tomorrow.
SAN FRANCISCO, June 2G (UP).
—The Key System strike which has
tied up transportation in San Fran
cisco and Oakland for 16 days
neared a possible end late today
when the regulations committee of
the union received a proposal from
the company.
Union members will vote on the
proposals, the terms of which were
not divulged, at a mass meeting in
the Oakland Auditorium tomorrow.
SAN FRANCISCO, June 2G (UP).
—The Key System strike which has
tied up transportation in San Fran
cisco and Oakland for 16 days
neared a possible end late today
when the regulations committee of
the union received a proposal from
the company.
Union members will vote on the
proposals, the terms of which were
not divulged, at a mass meeting in
the Oakland Auditorium tomorrow.
SAN FRANCISCO, June 2G (UP).
—The Key System strike which has
tied up transportation in San Fran
cisco and Oakland for 16 days
neared a possible end late today
when the regulations committee of
the union received a proposal from
the company.
Union members will vote on the
proposals, the terms of which were
not divulged, at a mass meeting in
the Oakland Auditorium tomorrow.
SAN FRANCISCO, June 2G (UP).
—The Key System strike which has
tied up transportation in San Fran
cisco and Oakland for 16 days
neared a possible end late today
when the regulations committee of
the union received a proposal from
the company.
Union members will vote on the
proposals, the terms of which were
not divulged, at a mass meeting in
the Oakland Auditorium tomorrow.
SAN FRANCISCO, June 2G (UP).
—The Key System strike which has
tied up transportation in San Fran
cisco and Oakland for 16 days
neared a possible end late today
when the regulations committee of
the union received a proposal from
the company.
Union members will vote on the
proposals, the terms of which were
not divulged, at a mass meeting in
the Oakland Auditorium tomorrow.
SAN FRANCISCO, June 2G (UP).
—The Key System strike which has
tied up transportation in San Fran
cisco and Oakland for 16 days
neared a possible end late today
when the regulations committee of
the union received a proposal from
the company.
Union members will vote on the
proposals, the terms of which were
not divulged, at a mass meeting in
the Oakland Auditorium tomorrow.
SAN FRANCISCO, June 2G (UP).
—The Key System strike which has
tied up transportation in San Fran
cisco and Oakland for 16 days
neared a possible end late today
when the regulations committee of
the union received a proposal from
the company.
Union members will vote on the
proposals, the terms of which were
not divulged, at a mass meeting in
the Oakland Auditorium tomorrow.
SAN FRANCISCO, June 2G (UP).
—The Key System strike which has
tied up transportation in San Fran
cisco and Oakland for 16 days
neared a possible end late today
when the regulations committee of
the union received a proposal from
the company.
Union members will vote on the
proposals, the terms of which were
not divulged, at a mass meeting in
the Oakland Auditorium tomorrow.
SAN FRANCISCO, June 2G (UP).
—The Key System strike which has
tied up transportation in San Fran
cisco and Oakland for 16 days
neared a possible end late today
when the regulations committee of
the union received a proposal from
the company.
Union members will vote on the
proposals, the terms of which were
not divulged, at a mass meeting in
the Oakland Auditorium tomorrow.
SAN FRANCISCO, June 2G (UP).
—The Key System strike which has
tied up transportation in San Fran
cisco and Oakland for 16 days
neared a possible end late today
when the regulations committee of
the union received a proposal from
the company.
Union members will vote on the
proposals, the terms of which were
not divulged, at a mass meeting in
the Oakland Auditorium tomorrow.
SAN FRANCISCO, June 2G (UP).
—The Key System strike which has
tied up transportation in San Fran
cisco and Oakland for 16 days
neared a possible end late today
when the regulations committee of
the union received a proposal from
the company.
Union members will vote on the
proposals, the terms of which were
not divulged, at a mass meeting in
the Oakland Auditorium tomorrow.
SAN FRANCISCO, June 2G (UP).
—The Key System strike which has
tied up transportation in San Fran
cisco and Oakland for 16 days
neared a possible end late today
when the regulations committee of
the union received a proposal from
the company.
Union members will vote on the
proposals, the terms of which were
not divulged, at a mass meeting in
the Oakland Auditorium tomorrow.
SAN FRANCISCO, June 2G (UP).
—The Key System strike which has
tied up transportation in San Fran
cisco and Oakland for 16 days
neared a possible end late today
when the regulations committee of
the union received a proposal from
the company.
Union members will vote on the
proposals, the terms of which were
not divulged, at a mass meeting in
the Oakland Auditorium tomorrow.
SAN FRANCISCO, June 2G (UP).
—The Key System strike which has
tied up transportation in San Fran
cisco and Oakland for 16 days
neared a possible end late today
when the regulations committee of
the union received a proposal from
the company.
Union members will vote on the
proposals, the terms of which were
not divulged, at a mass meeting in
the Oakland Auditorium tomorrow.
