# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Without being at all puritanical,
it must be obvious that such "elior
use.i" as precede! last evening's
lecture mo apt to degenerate into
something different from mere fun.
Especially was this tho case, when a
few ladies were so gallantly aided in
securing seats. It caused much con
fusion, embarrassment, and uneasi
ness ot' mind to the young ladies,
and is a stop in tho direction of tin
chivalrous conduct.
Without being at all puritanical,
it must be obvious that such "elior
use.i" as precede! last evening's
lecture mo apt to degenerate into
something different from mere fun.
Especially was this tho case, when a
few ladies were so gallantly aided in
securing seats. It caused much con
fusion, embarrassment, and uneasi
ness ot' mind to the young ladies,
and is a stop in tho direction of tin
chivalrous conduct.
Without being at all puritanical,
it must be obvious that such "elior
use.i" as precede! last evening's
lecture mo apt to degenerate into
something different from mere fun.
Especially was this tho case, when a
few ladies were so gallantly aided in
securing seats. It caused much con
fusion, embarrassment, and uneasi
ness ot' mind to the young ladies,
and is a stop in tho direction of tin
chivalrous conduct.
