# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Archery is the newest Syracuse Uni
versity sport with an instructor in
charge and there is the possibility that
it may soon be recognized as a minor
sport.
Archery is the newest Syracuse Uni
versity sport with an instructor in
charge and there is the possibility that
it may soon be recognized as a minor
sport.
Archery is the newest Syracuse Uni
versity sport with an instructor in
charge and there is the possibility that
it may soon be recognized as a minor
sport.
Archery is the newest Syracuse Uni
versity sport with an instructor in
charge and there is the possibility that
it may soon be recognized as a minor
sport.
Archery is the newest Syracuse Uni
versity sport with an instructor in
charge and there is the possibility that
it may soon be recognized as a minor
sport.
Archery is the newest Syracuse Uni
versity sport with an instructor in
charge and there is the possibility that
it may soon be recognized as a minor
sport.
Archery is the newest Syracuse Uni
versity sport with an instructor in
charge and there is the possibility that
it may soon be recognized as a minor
sport.
Archery is the newest Syracuse Uni
versity sport with an instructor in
charge and there is the possibility that
it may soon be recognized as a minor
sport.
Archery is the newest Syracuse Uni
versity sport with an instructor in
charge and there is the possibility that
it may soon be recognized as a minor
sport.
Archery is the newest Syracuse Uni
versity sport with an instructor in
charge and there is the possibility that
it may soon be recognized as a minor
sport.
Archery is the newest Syracuse Uni
versity sport with an instructor in
charge and there is the possibility that
it may soon be recognized as a minor
sport.
Archery is the newest Syracuse Uni
versity sport with an instructor in
charge and there is the possibility that
it may soon be recognized as a minor
sport.
Archery is the newest Syracuse Uni
versity sport with an instructor in
charge and there is the possibility that
it may soon be recognized as a minor
sport.
Archery is the newest Syracuse Uni
versity sport with an instructor in
charge and there is the possibility that
it may soon be recognized as a minor
sport.
