# Untitled Article
## 
### 
At Yale fraternity rushing and pledg
ing takes place at the beginning of the
sophomore year.
At Yale fraternity rushing and pledg
ing takes place at the beginning of the
sophomore year.
At Yale fraternity rushing and pledg
ing takes place at the beginning of the
sophomore year.
At Yale fraternity rushing and pledg
ing takes place at the beginning of the
sophomore year.
At Yale fraternity rushing and pledg
ing takes place at the beginning of the
sophomore year.
At Yale fraternity rushing and pledg
ing takes place at the beginning of the
sophomore year.
At Yale fraternity rushing and pledg
ing takes place at the beginning of the
sophomore year.
At Yale fraternity rushing and pledg
ing takes place at the beginning of the
sophomore year.
At Yale fraternity rushing and pledg
ing takes place at the beginning of the
sophomore year.
At Yale fraternity rushing and pledg
ing takes place at the beginning of the
sophomore year.
At Yale fraternity rushing and pledg
ing takes place at the beginning of the
sophomore year.
At Yale fraternity rushing and pledg
ing takes place at the beginning of the
sophomore year.
At Yale fraternity rushing and pledg
ing takes place at the beginning of the
sophomore year.
At Yale fraternity rushing and pledg
ing takes place at the beginning of the
sophomore year.
