# CARDINAL NET MEN CAPTURE LAURELS IN SUMMER TOURNEYS
## 
### 
With numerous titles and honors
safely tucked away, members of the
varsity tennis team completed a suc
cessful summer's campaign extending
into various parts of the country.
Lionel E. Ogden and Cranston Hol
man, ranking varsity veterans, bore
the Cardinal banner with distinction
throughout the East. Their first suc
cess came with the National Intercol
legiate tournament. Holman achieved
a position on the American Davis Cup
squad. Ogden was selected with four
other players to represent the West
in its annual battle with the East.
With numerous titles and honors
safely tucked away, members of the
varsity tennis team completed a suc
cessful summer's campaign extending
into various parts of the country.
Lionel E. Ogden and Cranston Hol
man, ranking varsity veterans, bore
the Cardinal banner with distinction
throughout the East. Their first suc
cess came with the National Intercol
legiate tournament. Holman achieved
a position on the American Davis Cup
squad. Ogden was selected with four
other players to represent the West
in its annual battle with the East.
With numerous titles and honors
safely tucked away, members of the
varsity tennis team completed a suc
cessful summer's campaign extending
into various parts of the country.
Lionel E. Ogden and Cranston Hol
man, ranking varsity veterans, bore
the Cardinal banner with distinction
throughout the East. Their first suc
cess came with the National Intercol
legiate tournament. Holman achieved
a position on the American Davis Cup
squad. Ogden was selected with four
other players to represent the West
in its annual battle with the East.
With numerous titles and honors
safely tucked away, members of the
varsity tennis team completed a suc
cessful summer's campaign extending
into various parts of the country.
Lionel E. Ogden and Cranston Hol
man, ranking varsity veterans, bore
the Cardinal banner with distinction
throughout the East. Their first suc
cess came with the National Intercol
legiate tournament. Holman achieved
a position on the American Davis Cup
squad. Ogden was selected with four
other players to represent the West
in its annual battle with the East.
With numerous titles and honors
safely tucked away, members of the
varsity tennis team completed a suc
cessful summer's campaign extending
into various parts of the country.
Lionel E. Ogden and Cranston Hol
man, ranking varsity veterans, bore
the Cardinal banner with distinction
throughout the East. Their first suc
cess came with the National Intercol
legiate tournament. Holman achieved
a position on the American Davis Cup
squad. Ogden was selected with four
other players to represent the West
in its annual battle with the East.
With numerous titles and honors
safely tucked away, members of the
varsity tennis team completed a suc
cessful summer's campaign extending
into various parts of the country.
Lionel E. Ogden and Cranston Hol
man, ranking varsity veterans, bore
the Cardinal banner with distinction
throughout the East. Their first suc
cess came with the National Intercol
legiate tournament. Holman achieved
a position on the American Davis Cup
squad. Ogden was selected with four
other players to represent the West
in its annual battle with the East.
With numerous titles and honors
safely tucked away, members of the
varsity tennis team completed a suc
cessful summer's campaign extending
into various parts of the country.
Lionel E. Ogden and Cranston Hol
man, ranking varsity veterans, bore
the Cardinal banner with distinction
throughout the East. Their first suc
cess came with the National Intercol
legiate tournament. Holman achieved
a position on the American Davis Cup
squad. Ogden was selected with four
other players to represent the West
in its annual battle with the East.
With numerous titles and honors
safely tucked away, members of the
varsity tennis team completed a suc
cessful summer's campaign extending
into various parts of the country.
Lionel E. Ogden and Cranston Hol
man, ranking varsity veterans, bore
the Cardinal banner with distinction
throughout the East. Their first suc
cess came with the National Intercol
legiate tournament. Holman achieved
a position on the American Davis Cup
squad. Ogden was selected with four
other players to represent the West
in its annual battle with the East.
With numerous titles and honors
safely tucked away, members of the
varsity tennis team completed a suc
cessful summer's campaign extending
into various parts of the country.
Lionel E. Ogden and Cranston Hol
man, ranking varsity veterans, bore
the Cardinal banner with distinction
throughout the East. Their first suc
cess came with the National Intercol
legiate tournament. Holman achieved
a position on the American Davis Cup
squad. Ogden was selected with four
other players to represent the West
in its annual battle with the East.
With numerous titles and honors
safely tucked away, members of the
varsity tennis team completed a suc
cessful summer's campaign extending
into various parts of the country.
Lionel E. Ogden and Cranston Hol
man, ranking varsity veterans, bore
the Cardinal banner with distinction
throughout the East. Their first suc
cess came with the National Intercol
legiate tournament. Holman achieved
a position on the American Davis Cup
squad. Ogden was selected with four
other players to represent the West
in its annual battle with the East.
With numerous titles and honors
safely tucked away, members of the
varsity tennis team completed a suc
cessful summer's campaign extending
into various parts of the country.
Lionel E. Ogden and Cranston Hol
man, ranking varsity veterans, bore
the Cardinal banner with distinction
throughout the East. Their first suc
cess came with the National Intercol
legiate tournament. Holman achieved
a position on the American Davis Cup
squad. Ogden was selected with four
other players to represent the West
in its annual battle with the East.
With numerous titles and honors
safely tucked away, members of the
varsity tennis team completed a suc
cessful summer's campaign extending
into various parts of the country.
Lionel E. Ogden and Cranston Hol
man, ranking varsity veterans, bore
the Cardinal banner with distinction
throughout the East. Their first suc
cess came with the National Intercol
legiate tournament. Holman achieved
a position on the American Davis Cup
squad. Ogden was selected with four
other players to represent the West
in its annual battle with the East.
With numerous titles and honors
safely tucked away, members of the
varsity tennis team completed a suc
cessful summer's campaign extending
into various parts of the country.
Lionel E. Ogden and Cranston Hol
man, ranking varsity veterans, bore
the Cardinal banner with distinction
throughout the East. Their first suc
cess came with the National Intercol
legiate tournament. Holman achieved
a position on the American Davis Cup
squad. Ogden was selected with four
other players to represent the West
in its annual battle with the East.
With numerous titles and honors
safely tucked away, members of the
varsity tennis team completed a suc
cessful summer's campaign extending
into various parts of the country.
Lionel E. Ogden and Cranston Hol
man, ranking varsity veterans, bore
the Cardinal banner with distinction
throughout the East. Their first suc
cess came with the National Intercol
legiate tournament. Holman achieved
a position on the American Davis Cup
squad. Ogden was selected with four
other players to represent the West
in its annual battle with the East.
