# Untitled Article
## 
### 
President Tully C. Knowles of the
College of the Pacific spent the sum
mer in Europe.
President Tully C. Knowles of the
College of the Pacific spent the sum
mer in Europe.
President Tully C. Knowles of the
College of the Pacific spent the sum
mer in Europe.
President Tully C. Knowles of the
College of the Pacific spent the sum
mer in Europe.
President Tully C. Knowles of the
College of the Pacific spent the sum
mer in Europe.
President Tully C. Knowles of the
College of the Pacific spent the sum
mer in Europe.
President Tully C. Knowles of the
College of the Pacific spent the sum
mer in Europe.
President Tully C. Knowles of the
College of the Pacific spent the sum
mer in Europe.
President Tully C. Knowles of the
College of the Pacific spent the sum
mer in Europe.
President Tully C. Knowles of the
College of the Pacific spent the sum
mer in Europe.
President Tully C. Knowles of the
College of the Pacific spent the sum
mer in Europe.
President Tully C. Knowles of the
College of the Pacific spent the sum
mer in Europe.
President Tully C. Knowles of the
College of the Pacific spent the sum
mer in Europe.
President Tully C. Knowles of the
College of the Pacific spent the sum
mer in Europe.
