# Fire Sweeps Waste Land Near Convalescent Home
## 
### 
Several acres of tall grass and brush
across the creek from the Convalescent
Home were swept by fire last night when
a small field which was being burned off
broke from under control. Stanford Uni
versity and Menlo Park fire departments
were called but the fire was put under
control after burning to the edge of the
creek. The Convalescent Home was not
endangered.
Several acres of tall grass and brush
across the creek from the Convalescent
Home were swept by fire last night when
a small field which was being burned off
broke from under control. Stanford Uni
versity and Menlo Park fire departments
were called but the fire was put under
control after burning to the edge of the
creek. The Convalescent Home was not
endangered.
Several acres of tall grass and brush
across the creek from the Convalescent
Home were swept by fire last night when
a small field which was being burned off
broke from under control. Stanford Uni
versity and Menlo Park fire departments
were called but the fire was put under
control after burning to the edge of the
creek. The Convalescent Home was not
endangered.
Several acres of tall grass and brush
across the creek from the Convalescent
Home were swept by fire last night when
a small field which was being burned off
broke from under control. Stanford Uni
versity and Menlo Park fire departments
were called but the fire was put under
control after burning to the edge of the
creek. The Convalescent Home was not
endangered.
Several acres of tall grass and brush
across the creek from the Convalescent
Home were swept by fire last night when
a small field which was being burned off
broke from under control. Stanford Uni
versity and Menlo Park fire departments
were called but the fire was put under
control after burning to the edge of the
creek. The Convalescent Home was not
endangered.
Several acres of tall grass and brush
across the creek from the Convalescent
Home were swept by fire last night when
a small field which was being burned off
broke from under control. Stanford Uni
versity and Menlo Park fire departments
were called but the fire was put under
control after burning to the edge of the
creek. The Convalescent Home was not
endangered.
Several acres of tall grass and brush
across the creek from the Convalescent
Home were swept by fire last night when
a small field which was being burned off
broke from under control. Stanford Uni
versity and Menlo Park fire departments
were called but the fire was put under
control after burning to the edge of the
creek. The Convalescent Home was not
endangered.
Several acres of tall grass and brush
across the creek from the Convalescent
Home were swept by fire last night when
a small field which was being burned off
broke from under control. Stanford Uni
versity and Menlo Park fire departments
were called but the fire was put under
control after burning to the edge of the
creek. The Convalescent Home was not
endangered.
Several acres of tall grass and brush
across the creek from the Convalescent
Home were swept by fire last night when
a small field which was being burned off
broke from under control. Stanford Uni
versity and Menlo Park fire departments
were called but the fire was put under
control after burning to the edge of the
creek. The Convalescent Home was not
endangered.
Several acres of tall grass and brush
across the creek from the Convalescent
Home were swept by fire last night when
a small field which was being burned off
broke from under control. Stanford Uni
versity and Menlo Park fire departments
were called but the fire was put under
control after burning to the edge of the
creek. The Convalescent Home was not
endangered.
Several acres of tall grass and brush
across the creek from the Convalescent
Home were swept by fire last night when
a small field which was being burned off
broke from under control. Stanford Uni
versity and Menlo Park fire departments
were called but the fire was put under
control after burning to the edge of the
creek. The Convalescent Home was not
endangered.
Several acres of tall grass and brush
across the creek from the Convalescent
Home were swept by fire last night when
a small field which was being burned off
broke from under control. Stanford Uni
versity and Menlo Park fire departments
were called but the fire was put under
control after burning to the edge of the
creek. The Convalescent Home was not
endangered.
Several acres of tall grass and brush
across the creek from the Convalescent
Home were swept by fire last night when
a small field which was being burned off
broke from under control. Stanford Uni
versity and Menlo Park fire departments
were called but the fire was put under
control after burning to the edge of the
creek. The Convalescent Home was not
endangered.
Several acres of tall grass and brush
across the creek from the Convalescent
Home were swept by fire last night when
a small field which was being burned off
broke from under control. Stanford Uni
versity and Menlo Park fire departments
were called but the fire was put under
control after burning to the edge of the
creek. The Convalescent Home was not
endangered.
