# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Senior class at University of Cali
fornia has planned many activities for
the coming year.
Senior class at University of Cali
fornia has planned many activities for
the coming year.
Senior class at University of Cali
fornia has planned many activities for
the coming year.
Senior class at University of Cali
fornia has planned many activities for
the coming year.
Senior class at University of Cali
fornia has planned many activities for
the coming year.
Senior class at University of Cali
fornia has planned many activities for
the coming year.
Senior class at University of Cali
fornia has planned many activities for
the coming year.
Senior class at University of Cali
fornia has planned many activities for
the coming year.
Senior class at University of Cali
fornia has planned many activities for
the coming year.
Senior class at University of Cali
fornia has planned many activities for
the coming year.
Senior class at University of Cali
fornia has planned many activities for
the coming year.
Senior class at University of Cali
fornia has planned many activities for
the coming year.
Senior class at University of Cali
fornia has planned many activities for
the coming year.
Senior class at University of Cali
fornia has planned many activities for
the coming year.
