# UNIVERSITY OBTAINS LEASE TO OUARRY OF BASALT DEPOSIT
## 
### 
Negotiations were completed by
Comptroller Roth during the early
part of the summer to lease a valuable
quarry deposit located at the extreme
southwest corner of the University
property to Hutchinson and Company
of Oakland. It is estimated that the
royalties from the contract will net
an income of $3500 to $12,000 a year.
The deposit is of the best quality
basalt rock, valuable in road work and
in the making of concrete. A well has
been driven to a depth of seven hun
dred feet, and it is estimated that the
supply of material amounts to between
ten and fifteen million cubic yards.
Construction work involved will in
clude a railway spur from the May
field-Los Gatos line, and the building
of a crushing plant with a capacity of
a thousand tons per day. The small
quarry now operated by the University
near Frenchman's Cut will be aban
doned when the new one is completed.
The Oakland concern will supply local
needs at cost.
Negotiations were completed by
Comptroller Roth during the early
part of the summer to lease a valuable
quarry deposit located at the extreme
southwest corner of the University
property to Hutchinson and Company
of Oakland. It is estimated that the
royalties from the contract will net
an income of $3500 to $12,000 a year.
The deposit is of the best quality
basalt rock, valuable in road work and
in the making of concrete. A well has
been driven to a depth of seven hun
dred feet, and it is estimated that the
supply of material amounts to between
ten and fifteen million cubic yards.
Construction work involved will in
clude a railway spur from the May
field-Los Gatos line, and the building
of a crushing plant with a capacity of
a thousand tons per day. The small
quarry now operated by the University
near Frenchman's Cut will be aban
doned when the new one is completed.
The Oakland concern will supply local
needs at cost.
Negotiations were completed by
Comptroller Roth during the early
part of the summer to lease a valuable
quarry deposit located at the extreme
southwest corner of the University
property to Hutchinson and Company
of Oakland. It is estimated that the
royalties from the contract will net
an income of $3500 to $12,000 a year.
The deposit is of the best quality
basalt rock, valuable in road work and
in the making of concrete. A well has
been driven to a depth of seven hun
dred feet, and it is estimated that the
supply of material amounts to between
ten and fifteen million cubic yards.
Construction work involved will in
clude a railway spur from the May
field-Los Gatos line, and the building
of a crushing plant with a capacity of
a thousand tons per day. The small
quarry now operated by the University
near Frenchman's Cut will be aban
doned when the new one is completed.
The Oakland concern will supply local
needs at cost.
Negotiations were completed by
Comptroller Roth during the early
part of the summer to lease a valuable
quarry deposit located at the extreme
southwest corner of the University
property to Hutchinson and Company
of Oakland. It is estimated that the
royalties from the contract will net
an income of $3500 to $12,000 a year.
The deposit is of the best quality
basalt rock, valuable in road work and
in the making of concrete. A well has
been driven to a depth of seven hun
dred feet, and it is estimated that the
supply of material amounts to between
ten and fifteen million cubic yards.
Construction work involved will in
clude a railway spur from the May
field-Los Gatos line, and the building
of a crushing plant with a capacity of
a thousand tons per day. The small
quarry now operated by the University
near Frenchman's Cut will be aban
doned when the new one is completed.
The Oakland concern will supply local
needs at cost.
Negotiations were completed by
Comptroller Roth during the early
part of the summer to lease a valuable
quarry deposit located at the extreme
southwest corner of the University
property to Hutchinson and Company
of Oakland. It is estimated that the
royalties from the contract will net
an income of $3500 to $12,000 a year.
The deposit is of the best quality
basalt rock, valuable in road work and
in the making of concrete. A well has
been driven to a depth of seven hun
dred feet, and it is estimated that the
supply of material amounts to between
ten and fifteen million cubic yards.
Construction work involved will in
clude a railway spur from the May
field-Los Gatos line, and the building
of a crushing plant with a capacity of
a thousand tons per day. The small
quarry now operated by the University
near Frenchman's Cut will be aban
doned when the new one is completed.
The Oakland concern will supply local
needs at cost.
Negotiations were completed by
Comptroller Roth during the early
part of the summer to lease a valuable
quarry deposit located at the extreme
southwest corner of the University
property to Hutchinson and Company
of Oakland. It is estimated that the
royalties from the contract will net
an income of $3500 to $12,000 a year.
The deposit is of the best quality
basalt rock, valuable in road work and
in the making of concrete. A well has
been driven to a depth of seven hun
dred feet, and it is estimated that the
supply of material amounts to between
ten and fifteen million cubic yards.
Construction work involved will in
clude a railway spur from the May
field-Los Gatos line, and the building
of a crushing plant with a capacity of
a thousand tons per day. The small
quarry now operated by the University
near Frenchman's Cut will be aban
doned when the new one is completed.
The Oakland concern will supply local
needs at cost.
Negotiations were completed by
Comptroller Roth during the early
part of the summer to lease a valuable
quarry deposit located at the extreme
southwest corner of the University
property to Hutchinson and Company
of Oakland. It is estimated that the
royalties from the contract will net
an income of $3500 to $12,000 a year.
The deposit is of the best quality
basalt rock, valuable in road work and
in the making of concrete. A well has
been driven to a depth of seven hun
dred feet, and it is estimated that the
supply of material amounts to between
ten and fifteen million cubic yards.
Construction work involved will in
clude a railway spur from the May
field-Los Gatos line, and the building
of a crushing plant with a capacity of
a thousand tons per day. The small
quarry now operated by the University
near Frenchman's Cut will be aban
doned when the new one is completed.
The Oakland concern will supply local
needs at cost.
Negotiations were completed by
Comptroller Roth during the early
part of the summer to lease a valuable
quarry deposit located at the extreme
southwest corner of the University
property to Hutchinson and Company
of Oakland. It is estimated that the
royalties from the contract will net
an income of $3500 to $12,000 a year.
The deposit is of the best quality
basalt rock, valuable in road work and
in the making of concrete. A well has
been driven to a depth of seven hun
dred feet, and it is estimated that the
supply of material amounts to between
ten and fifteen million cubic yards.
Construction work involved will in
clude a railway spur from the May
field-Los Gatos line, and the building
of a crushing plant with a capacity of
a thousand tons per day. The small
quarry now operated by the University
near Frenchman's Cut will be aban
doned when the new one is completed.
The Oakland concern will supply local
needs at cost.
Negotiations were completed by
Comptroller Roth during the early
part of the summer to lease a valuable
quarry deposit located at the extreme
southwest corner of the University
property to Hutchinson and Company
of Oakland. It is estimated that the
royalties from the contract will net
an income of $3500 to $12,000 a year.
The deposit is of the best quality
basalt rock, valuable in road work and
in the making of concrete. A well has
been driven to a depth of seven hun
dred feet, and it is estimated that the
supply of material amounts to between
ten and fifteen million cubic yards.
Construction work involved will in
clude a railway spur from the May
field-Los Gatos line, and the building
of a crushing plant with a capacity of
a thousand tons per day. The small
quarry now operated by the University
near Frenchman's Cut will be aban
doned when the new one is completed.
The Oakland concern will supply local
needs at cost.
Negotiations were completed by
Comptroller Roth during the early
part of the summer to lease a valuable
quarry deposit located at the extreme
southwest corner of the University
property to Hutchinson and Company
of Oakland. It is estimated that the
royalties from the contract will net
an income of $3500 to $12,000 a year.
The deposit is of the best quality
basalt rock, valuable in road work and
in the making of concrete. A well has
been driven to a depth of seven hun
dred feet, and it is estimated that the
supply of material amounts to between
ten and fifteen million cubic yards.
Construction work involved will in
clude a railway spur from the May
field-Los Gatos line, and the building
of a crushing plant with a capacity of
a thousand tons per day. The small
quarry now operated by the University
near Frenchman's Cut will be aban
doned when the new one is completed.
The Oakland concern will supply local
needs at cost.
Negotiations were completed by
Comptroller Roth during the early
part of the summer to lease a valuable
quarry deposit located at the extreme
southwest corner of the University
property to Hutchinson and Company
of Oakland. It is estimated that the
royalties from the contract will net
an income of $3500 to $12,000 a year.
The deposit is of the best quality
basalt rock, valuable in road work and
in the making of concrete. A well has
been driven to a depth of seven hun
dred feet, and it is estimated that the
supply of material amounts to between
ten and fifteen million cubic yards.
Construction work involved will in
clude a railway spur from the May
field-Los Gatos line, and the building
of a crushing plant with a capacity of
a thousand tons per day. The small
quarry now operated by the University
near Frenchman's Cut will be aban
doned when the new one is completed.
The Oakland concern will supply local
needs at cost.
Negotiations were completed by
Comptroller Roth during the early
part of the summer to lease a valuable
quarry deposit located at the extreme
southwest corner of the University
property to Hutchinson and Company
of Oakland. It is estimated that the
royalties from the contract will net
an income of $3500 to $12,000 a year.
The deposit is of the best quality
basalt rock, valuable in road work and
in the making of concrete. A well has
been driven to a depth of seven hun
dred feet, and it is estimated that the
supply of material amounts to between
ten and fifteen million cubic yards.
Construction work involved will in
clude a railway spur from the May
field-Los Gatos line, and the building
of a crushing plant with a capacity of
a thousand tons per day. The small
quarry now operated by the University
near Frenchman's Cut will be aban
doned when the new one is completed.
The Oakland concern will supply local
needs at cost.
Negotiations were completed by
Comptroller Roth during the early
part of the summer to lease a valuable
quarry deposit located at the extreme
southwest corner of the University
property to Hutchinson and Company
of Oakland. It is estimated that the
royalties from the contract will net
an income of $3500 to $12,000 a year.
The deposit is of the best quality
basalt rock, valuable in road work and
in the making of concrete. A well has
been driven to a depth of seven hun
dred feet, and it is estimated that the
supply of material amounts to between
ten and fifteen million cubic yards.
Construction work involved will in
clude a railway spur from the May
field-Los Gatos line, and the building
of a crushing plant with a capacity of
a thousand tons per day. The small
quarry now operated by the University
near Frenchman's Cut will be aban
doned when the new one is completed.
The Oakland concern will supply local
needs at cost.
Negotiations were completed by
Comptroller Roth during the early
part of the summer to lease a valuable
quarry deposit located at the extreme
southwest corner of the University
property to Hutchinson and Company
of Oakland. It is estimated that the
royalties from the contract will net
an income of $3500 to $12,000 a year.
The deposit is of the best quality
basalt rock, valuable in road work and
in the making of concrete. A well has
been driven to a depth of seven hun
dred feet, and it is estimated that the
supply of material amounts to between
ten and fifteen million cubic yards.
Construction work involved will in
clude a railway spur from the May
field-Los Gatos line, and the building
of a crushing plant with a capacity of
a thousand tons per day. The small
quarry now operated by the University
near Frenchman's Cut will be aban
doned when the new one is completed.
The Oakland concern will supply local
needs at cost.
