# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—Interesting experiments are
being conducted at Columbia Uni
versity on the mental and physical
traits of 1000 students. There are
tests of color, vision, hearing, per
ception of pitch or tone, sensation
areas, force of movement, reaction,
timfc, perception of time, after
images, sensitiveness to pain, etc.
These tests are of great value in
showing the normal type of indi
vidual, and the norn al variations
from that type.
—Interesting experiments are
being conducted at Columbia Uni
versity on the mental and physical
traits of 1000 students. There are
tests of color, vision, hearing, per
ception of pitch or tone, sensation
areas, force of movement, reaction,
timfc, perception of time, after
images, sensitiveness to pain, etc.
These tests are of great value in
showing the normal type of indi
vidual, and the norn al variations
from that type.
—Interesting experiments are
being conducted at Columbia Uni
versity on the mental and physical
traits of 1000 students. There are
tests of color, vision, hearing, per
ception of pitch or tone, sensation
areas, force of movement, reaction,
timfc, perception of time, after
images, sensitiveness to pain, etc.
These tests are of great value in
showing the normal type of indi
vidual, and the norn al variations
from that type.
—Interesting experiments are
being conducted at Columbia Uni
versity on the mental and physical
traits of 1000 students. There are
tests of color, vision, hearing, per
ception of pitch or tone, sensation
areas, force of movement, reaction,
timfc, perception of time, after
images, sensitiveness to pain, etc.
These tests are of great value in
showing the normal type of indi
vidual, and the norn al variations
from that type.
—Interesting experiments are
being conducted at Columbia Uni
versity on the mental and physical
traits of 1000 students. There are
tests of color, vision, hearing, per
ception of pitch or tone, sensation
areas, force of movement, reaction,
timfc, perception of time, after
images, sensitiveness to pain, etc.
These tests are of great value in
showing the normal type of indi
vidual, and the norn al variations
from that type.
