# Old University Employe Succumbs to Long Illness
## 
### 
The funeral of David H. Molony, vet
eran University employe, was held at
his home in Mayfleld yesterday. Ser
vices were conducted by the Rev. 1).
Charles Gardner, foremen of the cor
poration yards acting as pallbearers.
Molony, who died last Saturday in
San Jose at the age of sixty three, was
an old-timer in the vicinity of Stan
ford. He came here about twenty years
ago from the county hospital farm, of
which he had been in charge. He was
made overseer of all Senator Stan
ford's ranches in the valley. When
these were later leased, he became
foreman of the Stanford Farm, which
remained under the control of the Uni
versity. He held this position until his
appointment in 1921 to take charge of
the University pumping plant.

A German Police dog named Phy
mere has been adopted as the official
mascot for the University of Oregon
athletic teams.
The funeral of David H. Molony, vet
eran University employe, was held at
his home in Mayfleld yesterday. Ser
vices were conducted by the Rev. 1).
Charles Gardner, foremen of the cor
poration yards acting as pallbearers.
Molony, who died last Saturday in
San Jose at the age of sixty three, was
an old-timer in the vicinity of Stan
ford. He came here about twenty years
ago from the county hospital farm, of
which he had been in charge. He was
made overseer of all Senator Stan
ford's ranches in the valley. When
these were later leased, he became
foreman of the Stanford Farm, which
remained under the control of the Uni
versity. He held this position until his
appointment in 1921 to take charge of
the University pumping plant.

A German Police dog named Phy
mere has been adopted as the official
mascot for the University of Oregon
athletic teams.
The funeral of David H. Molony, vet
eran University employe, was held at
his home in Mayfleld yesterday. Ser
vices were conducted by the Rev. 1).
Charles Gardner, foremen of the cor
poration yards acting as pallbearers.
Molony, who died last Saturday in
San Jose at the age of sixty three, was
an old-timer in the vicinity of Stan
ford. He came here about twenty years
ago from the county hospital farm, of
which he had been in charge. He was
made overseer of all Senator Stan
ford's ranches in the valley. When
these were later leased, he became
foreman of the Stanford Farm, which
remained under the control of the Uni
versity. He held this position until his
appointment in 1921 to take charge of
the University pumping plant.

A German Police dog named Phy
mere has been adopted as the official
mascot for the University of Oregon
athletic teams.
The funeral of David H. Molony, vet
eran University employe, was held at
his home in Mayfleld yesterday. Ser
vices were conducted by the Rev. 1).
Charles Gardner, foremen of the cor
poration yards acting as pallbearers.
Molony, who died last Saturday in
San Jose at the age of sixty three, was
an old-timer in the vicinity of Stan
ford. He came here about twenty years
ago from the county hospital farm, of
which he had been in charge. He was
made overseer of all Senator Stan
ford's ranches in the valley. When
these were later leased, he became
foreman of the Stanford Farm, which
remained under the control of the Uni
versity. He held this position until his
appointment in 1921 to take charge of
the University pumping plant.

A German Police dog named Phy
mere has been adopted as the official
mascot for the University of Oregon
athletic teams.
The funeral of David H. Molony, vet
eran University employe, was held at
his home in Mayfleld yesterday. Ser
vices were conducted by the Rev. 1).
Charles Gardner, foremen of the cor
poration yards acting as pallbearers.
Molony, who died last Saturday in
San Jose at the age of sixty three, was
an old-timer in the vicinity of Stan
ford. He came here about twenty years
ago from the county hospital farm, of
which he had been in charge. He was
made overseer of all Senator Stan
ford's ranches in the valley. When
these were later leased, he became
foreman of the Stanford Farm, which
remained under the control of the Uni
versity. He held this position until his
appointment in 1921 to take charge of
the University pumping plant.

A German Police dog named Phy
mere has been adopted as the official
mascot for the University of Oregon
athletic teams.
The funeral of David H. Molony, vet
eran University employe, was held at
his home in Mayfleld yesterday. Ser
vices were conducted by the Rev. 1).
Charles Gardner, foremen of the cor
poration yards acting as pallbearers.
Molony, who died last Saturday in
San Jose at the age of sixty three, was
an old-timer in the vicinity of Stan
ford. He came here about twenty years
ago from the county hospital farm, of
which he had been in charge. He was
made overseer of all Senator Stan
ford's ranches in the valley. When
these were later leased, he became
foreman of the Stanford Farm, which
remained under the control of the Uni
versity. He held this position until his
appointment in 1921 to take charge of
the University pumping plant.

A German Police dog named Phy
mere has been adopted as the official
mascot for the University of Oregon
athletic teams.
The funeral of David H. Molony, vet
eran University employe, was held at
his home in Mayfleld yesterday. Ser
vices were conducted by the Rev. 1).
Charles Gardner, foremen of the cor
poration yards acting as pallbearers.
Molony, who died last Saturday in
San Jose at the age of sixty three, was
an old-timer in the vicinity of Stan
ford. He came here about twenty years
ago from the county hospital farm, of
which he had been in charge. He was
made overseer of all Senator Stan
ford's ranches in the valley. When
these were later leased, he became
foreman of the Stanford Farm, which
remained under the control of the Uni
versity. He held this position until his
appointment in 1921 to take charge of
the University pumping plant.

A German Police dog named Phy
mere has been adopted as the official
mascot for the University of Oregon
athletic teams.
The funeral of David H. Molony, vet
eran University employe, was held at
his home in Mayfleld yesterday. Ser
vices were conducted by the Rev. 1).
Charles Gardner, foremen of the cor
poration yards acting as pallbearers.
Molony, who died last Saturday in
San Jose at the age of sixty three, was
an old-timer in the vicinity of Stan
ford. He came here about twenty years
ago from the county hospital farm, of
which he had been in charge. He was
made overseer of all Senator Stan
ford's ranches in the valley. When
these were later leased, he became
foreman of the Stanford Farm, which
remained under the control of the Uni
versity. He held this position until his
appointment in 1921 to take charge of
the University pumping plant.

A German Police dog named Phy
mere has been adopted as the official
mascot for the University of Oregon
athletic teams.
The funeral of David H. Molony, vet
eran University employe, was held at
his home in Mayfleld yesterday. Ser
vices were conducted by the Rev. 1).
Charles Gardner, foremen of the cor
poration yards acting as pallbearers.
Molony, who died last Saturday in
San Jose at the age of sixty three, was
an old-timer in the vicinity of Stan
ford. He came here about twenty years
ago from the county hospital farm, of
which he had been in charge. He was
made overseer of all Senator Stan
ford's ranches in the valley. When
these were later leased, he became
foreman of the Stanford Farm, which
remained under the control of the Uni
versity. He held this position until his
appointment in 1921 to take charge of
the University pumping plant.

A German Police dog named Phy
mere has been adopted as the official
mascot for the University of Oregon
athletic teams.
The funeral of David H. Molony, vet
eran University employe, was held at
his home in Mayfleld yesterday. Ser
vices were conducted by the Rev. 1).
Charles Gardner, foremen of the cor
poration yards acting as pallbearers.
Molony, who died last Saturday in
San Jose at the age of sixty three, was
an old-timer in the vicinity of Stan
ford. He came here about twenty years
ago from the county hospital farm, of
which he had been in charge. He was
made overseer of all Senator Stan
ford's ranches in the valley. When
these were later leased, he became
foreman of the Stanford Farm, which
remained under the control of the Uni
versity. He held this position until his
appointment in 1921 to take charge of
the University pumping plant.

A German Police dog named Phy
mere has been adopted as the official
mascot for the University of Oregon
athletic teams.
The funeral of David H. Molony, vet
eran University employe, was held at
his home in Mayfleld yesterday. Ser
vices were conducted by the Rev. 1).
Charles Gardner, foremen of the cor
poration yards acting as pallbearers.
Molony, who died last Saturday in
San Jose at the age of sixty three, was
an old-timer in the vicinity of Stan
ford. He came here about twenty years
ago from the county hospital farm, of
which he had been in charge. He was
made overseer of all Senator Stan
ford's ranches in the valley. When
these were later leased, he became
foreman of the Stanford Farm, which
remained under the control of the Uni
versity. He held this position until his
appointment in 1921 to take charge of
the University pumping plant.

A German Police dog named Phy
mere has been adopted as the official
mascot for the University of Oregon
athletic teams.
The funeral of David H. Molony, vet
eran University employe, was held at
his home in Mayfleld yesterday. Ser
vices were conducted by the Rev. 1).
Charles Gardner, foremen of the cor
poration yards acting as pallbearers.
Molony, who died last Saturday in
San Jose at the age of sixty three, was
an old-timer in the vicinity of Stan
ford. He came here about twenty years
ago from the county hospital farm, of
which he had been in charge. He was
made overseer of all Senator Stan
ford's ranches in the valley. When
these were later leased, he became
foreman of the Stanford Farm, which
remained under the control of the Uni
versity. He held this position until his
appointment in 1921 to take charge of
the University pumping plant.

A German Police dog named Phy
mere has been adopted as the official
mascot for the University of Oregon
athletic teams.
The funeral of David H. Molony, vet
eran University employe, was held at
his home in Mayfleld yesterday. Ser
vices were conducted by the Rev. 1).
Charles Gardner, foremen of the cor
poration yards acting as pallbearers.
Molony, who died last Saturday in
San Jose at the age of sixty three, was
an old-timer in the vicinity of Stan
ford. He came here about twenty years
ago from the county hospital farm, of
which he had been in charge. He was
made overseer of all Senator Stan
ford's ranches in the valley. When
these were later leased, he became
foreman of the Stanford Farm, which
remained under the control of the Uni
versity. He held this position until his
appointment in 1921 to take charge of
the University pumping plant.

A German Police dog named Phy
mere has been adopted as the official
mascot for the University of Oregon
athletic teams.
The funeral of David H. Molony, vet
eran University employe, was held at
his home in Mayfleld yesterday. Ser
vices were conducted by the Rev. 1).
Charles Gardner, foremen of the cor
poration yards acting as pallbearers.
Molony, who died last Saturday in
San Jose at the age of sixty three, was
an old-timer in the vicinity of Stan
ford. He came here about twenty years
ago from the county hospital farm, of
which he had been in charge. He was
made overseer of all Senator Stan
ford's ranches in the valley. When
these were later leased, he became
foreman of the Stanford Farm, which
remained under the control of the Uni
versity. He held this position until his
appointment in 1921 to take charge of
the University pumping plant.

A German Police dog named Phy
mere has been adopted as the official
mascot for the University of Oregon
athletic teams.
The funeral of David H. Molony, vet
eran University employe, was held at
his home in Mayfleld yesterday. Ser
vices were conducted by the Rev. 1).
Charles Gardner, foremen of the cor
poration yards acting as pallbearers.
Molony, who died last Saturday in
San Jose at the age of sixty three, was
an old-timer in the vicinity of Stan
ford. He came here about twenty years
ago from the county hospital farm, of
which he had been in charge. He was
made overseer of all Senator Stan
ford's ranches in the valley. When
these were later leased, he became
foreman of the Stanford Farm, which
remained under the control of the Uni
versity. He held this position until his
appointment in 1921 to take charge of
the University pumping plant.

A German Police dog named Phy
mere has been adopted as the official
mascot for the University of Oregon
athletic teams.
