# MOLLIE WINDISH IS ENGLISH CLUB HEAD
## 
### 
Mollie Windish, '22, was elected
president for next year of English
Club, at a meeting held Monday aft
ernoon. Other officers chosen at this
meeting were: Vice-President, Eliza
beth Spillman, '24; secretary, Harold
Davis, '24, treasurer, Howard Pease,
'24. They will take office immedi
ately.
Following the election six new mem
bers were initiated.
Mollie Windish, '22, was elected
president for next year of English
Club, at a meeting held Monday aft
ernoon. Other officers chosen at this
meeting were: Vice-President, Eliza
beth Spillman, '24; secretary, Harold
Davis, '24, treasurer, Howard Pease,
'24. They will take office immedi
ately.
Following the election six new mem
bers were initiated.
Mollie Windish, '22, was elected
president for next year of English
Club, at a meeting held Monday aft
ernoon. Other officers chosen at this
meeting were: Vice-President, Eliza
beth Spillman, '24; secretary, Harold
Davis, '24, treasurer, Howard Pease,
'24. They will take office immedi
ately.
Following the election six new mem
bers were initiated.
Mollie Windish, '22, was elected
president for next year of English
Club, at a meeting held Monday aft
ernoon. Other officers chosen at this
meeting were: Vice-President, Eliza
beth Spillman, '24; secretary, Harold
Davis, '24, treasurer, Howard Pease,
'24. They will take office immedi
ately.
Following the election six new mem
bers were initiated.
Mollie Windish, '22, was elected
president for next year of English
Club, at a meeting held Monday aft
ernoon. Other officers chosen at this
meeting were: Vice-President, Eliza
beth Spillman, '24; secretary, Harold
Davis, '24, treasurer, Howard Pease,
'24. They will take office immedi
ately.
Following the election six new mem
bers were initiated.
Mollie Windish, '22, was elected
president for next year of English
Club, at a meeting held Monday aft
ernoon. Other officers chosen at this
meeting were: Vice-President, Eliza
beth Spillman, '24; secretary, Harold
Davis, '24, treasurer, Howard Pease,
'24. They will take office immedi
ately.
Following the election six new mem
bers were initiated.
Mollie Windish, '22, was elected
president for next year of English
Club, at a meeting held Monday aft
ernoon. Other officers chosen at this
meeting were: Vice-President, Eliza
beth Spillman, '24; secretary, Harold
Davis, '24, treasurer, Howard Pease,
'24. They will take office immedi
ately.
Following the election six new mem
bers were initiated.
Mollie Windish, '22, was elected
president for next year of English
Club, at a meeting held Monday aft
ernoon. Other officers chosen at this
meeting were: Vice-President, Eliza
beth Spillman, '24; secretary, Harold
Davis, '24, treasurer, Howard Pease,
'24. They will take office immedi
ately.
Following the election six new mem
bers were initiated.
Mollie Windish, '22, was elected
president for next year of English
Club, at a meeting held Monday aft
ernoon. Other officers chosen at this
meeting were: Vice-President, Eliza
beth Spillman, '24; secretary, Harold
Davis, '24, treasurer, Howard Pease,
'24. They will take office immedi
ately.
Following the election six new mem
bers were initiated.
Mollie Windish, '22, was elected
president for next year of English
Club, at a meeting held Monday aft
ernoon. Other officers chosen at this
meeting were: Vice-President, Eliza
beth Spillman, '24; secretary, Harold
Davis, '24, treasurer, Howard Pease,
'24. They will take office immedi
ately.
Following the election six new mem
bers were initiated.
Mollie Windish, '22, was elected
president for next year of English
Club, at a meeting held Monday aft
ernoon. Other officers chosen at this
meeting were: Vice-President, Eliza
beth Spillman, '24; secretary, Harold
Davis, '24, treasurer, Howard Pease,
'24. They will take office immedi
ately.
Following the election six new mem
bers were initiated.
Mollie Windish, '22, was elected
president for next year of English
Club, at a meeting held Monday aft
ernoon. Other officers chosen at this
meeting were: Vice-President, Eliza
beth Spillman, '24; secretary, Harold
Davis, '24, treasurer, Howard Pease,
'24. They will take office immedi
ately.
Following the election six new mem
bers were initiated.
Mollie Windish, '22, was elected
president for next year of English
Club, at a meeting held Monday aft
ernoon. Other officers chosen at this
meeting were: Vice-President, Eliza
beth Spillman, '24; secretary, Harold
Davis, '24, treasurer, Howard Pease,
'24. They will take office immedi
ately.
Following the election six new mem
bers were initiated.
Mollie Windish, '22, was elected
president for next year of English
Club, at a meeting held Monday aft
ernoon. Other officers chosen at this
meeting were: Vice-President, Eliza
beth Spillman, '24; secretary, Harold
Davis, '24, treasurer, Howard Pease,
'24. They will take office immedi
ately.
Following the election six new mem
bers were initiated.
