# Appreciation of Quad's Co-operation Expressed By Secretary of Alumni
## 
### 
'"With the appearance of the 1923
Quad on the campus today," J. E. Mc-
Dowell, Alumni Secretary, said this
morning, "1 wish to express the appre
ciation of the University Day Commit
tee for the co-operation of the Quad in
presenting the painting of David Starr
Jordan at the Alumni Banquet on Uni
versity Day.
"The painting of Dr. Jordan, which
appears today as the dedicatory picture
of the Quad, was made possible by the
initiative of the Quad management. The
painting was done expressly for this
year's annual and following its comple
tion it was purchased and presented to
the University by Mrs. Jordan. We wish
to thank the Quad editor for his per
mission to have the painting presented
at the banquet. Incidentally, it may be
noted that the 1923 Quad is the first
annual in the country which has ever
published a painting for its dedicatory
picture."
