# SCHWARTZ GETS APPOINTMENT
## 
### 
Dr. William Leonard Schwartz, as
sociate professor of Romanic lan
guages and lecturer in Japanese at
Stanford, has been appointed Editor
of Japanese Studies for the Stanford
University Press, which is at present
preparing a conversation grammar in
that language.
Dr. William Leonard Schwartz, as
sociate professor of Romanic lan
guages and lecturer in Japanese at
Stanford, has been appointed Editor
of Japanese Studies for the Stanford
University Press, which is at present
preparing a conversation grammar in
that language.
Dr. William Leonard Schwartz, as
sociate professor of Romanic lan
guages and lecturer in Japanese at
Stanford, has been appointed Editor
of Japanese Studies for the Stanford
University Press, which is at present
preparing a conversation grammar in
that language.
Dr. William Leonard Schwartz, as
sociate professor of Romanic lan
guages and lecturer in Japanese at
Stanford, has been appointed Editor
of Japanese Studies for the Stanford
University Press, which is at present
preparing a conversation grammar in
that language.
Dr. William Leonard Schwartz, as
sociate professor of Romanic lan
guages and lecturer in Japanese at
Stanford, has been appointed Editor
of Japanese Studies for the Stanford
University Press, which is at present
preparing a conversation grammar in
that language.
Dr. William Leonard Schwartz, as
sociate professor of Romanic lan
guages and lecturer in Japanese at
Stanford, has been appointed Editor
of Japanese Studies for the Stanford
University Press, which is at present
preparing a conversation grammar in
that language.
Dr. William Leonard Schwartz, as
sociate professor of Romanic lan
guages and lecturer in Japanese at
Stanford, has been appointed Editor
of Japanese Studies for the Stanford
University Press, which is at present
preparing a conversation grammar in
that language.
Dr. William Leonard Schwartz, as
sociate professor of Romanic lan
guages and lecturer in Japanese at
Stanford, has been appointed Editor
of Japanese Studies for the Stanford
University Press, which is at present
preparing a conversation grammar in
that language.
Dr. William Leonard Schwartz, as
sociate professor of Romanic lan
guages and lecturer in Japanese at
Stanford, has been appointed Editor
of Japanese Studies for the Stanford
University Press, which is at present
preparing a conversation grammar in
that language.
Dr. William Leonard Schwartz, as
sociate professor of Romanic lan
guages and lecturer in Japanese at
Stanford, has been appointed Editor
of Japanese Studies for the Stanford
University Press, which is at present
preparing a conversation grammar in
that language.
Dr. William Leonard Schwartz, as
sociate professor of Romanic lan
guages and lecturer in Japanese at
Stanford, has been appointed Editor
of Japanese Studies for the Stanford
University Press, which is at present
preparing a conversation grammar in
that language.
Dr. William Leonard Schwartz, as
sociate professor of Romanic lan
guages and lecturer in Japanese at
Stanford, has been appointed Editor
of Japanese Studies for the Stanford
University Press, which is at present
preparing a conversation grammar in
that language.
Dr. William Leonard Schwartz, as
sociate professor of Romanic lan
guages and lecturer in Japanese at
Stanford, has been appointed Editor
of Japanese Studies for the Stanford
University Press, which is at present
preparing a conversation grammar in
that language.
Dr. William Leonard Schwartz, as
sociate professor of Romanic lan
guages and lecturer in Japanese at
Stanford, has been appointed Editor
of Japanese Studies for the Stanford
University Press, which is at present
preparing a conversation grammar in
that language.
Dr. William Leonard Schwartz, as
sociate professor of Romanic lan
guages and lecturer in Japanese at
Stanford, has been appointed Editor
of Japanese Studies for the Stanford
University Press, which is at present
preparing a conversation grammar in
that language.
