# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Second Lieut. Francis B. Collier
is now taking bombardier training
at the Army Air Forces Training
Command station at Roswell Army
Air Field.
Second Lieut. Francis B. Collier
is now taking bombardier training
at the Army Air Forces Training
Command station at Roswell Army
Air Field.
Second Lieut. Francis B. Collier
is now taking bombardier training
at the Army Air Forces Training
Command station at Roswell Army
Air Field.
Second Lieut. Francis B. Collier
is now taking bombardier training
at the Army Air Forces Training
Command station at Roswell Army
Air Field.
Second Lieut. Francis B. Collier
is now taking bombardier training
at the Army Air Forces Training
Command station at Roswell Army
Air Field.
Second Lieut. Francis B. Collier
is now taking bombardier training
at the Army Air Forces Training
Command station at Roswell Army
Air Field.
Second Lieut. Francis B. Collier
is now taking bombardier training
at the Army Air Forces Training
Command station at Roswell Army
Air Field.
Second Lieut. Francis B. Collier
is now taking bombardier training
at the Army Air Forces Training
Command station at Roswell Army
Air Field.
Second Lieut. Francis B. Collier
is now taking bombardier training
at the Army Air Forces Training
Command station at Roswell Army
Air Field.
Second Lieut. Francis B. Collier
is now taking bombardier training
at the Army Air Forces Training
Command station at Roswell Army
Air Field.
Second Lieut. Francis B. Collier
is now taking bombardier training
at the Army Air Forces Training
Command station at Roswell Army
Air Field.
Second Lieut. Francis B. Collier
is now taking bombardier training
at the Army Air Forces Training
Command station at Roswell Army
Air Field.
Second Lieut. Francis B. Collier
is now taking bombardier training
at the Army Air Forces Training
Command station at Roswell Army
Air Field.
Second Lieut. Francis B. Collier
is now taking bombardier training
at the Army Air Forces Training
Command station at Roswell Army
Air Field.
Second Lieut. Francis B. Collier
is now taking bombardier training
at the Army Air Forces Training
Command station at Roswell Army
Air Field.
