# JOURNALISM
## 
### 
Edwin P. Gerth, president of the
Gerth-Pacific Advertising Agency of
San Francisco and Los Angeles, has
been appointed Lecturer in Journal
ism and will have charge of the
course, Advertising Procedures, in
spring quarter.
Edwin P. Gerth, president of the
Gerth-Pacific Advertising Agency of
San Francisco and Los Angeles, has
been appointed Lecturer in Journal
ism and will have charge of the
course, Advertising Procedures, in
spring quarter.
Edwin P. Gerth, president of the
Gerth-Pacific Advertising Agency of
San Francisco and Los Angeles, has
been appointed Lecturer in Journal
ism and will have charge of the
course, Advertising Procedures, in
spring quarter.
Edwin P. Gerth, president of the
Gerth-Pacific Advertising Agency of
San Francisco and Los Angeles, has
been appointed Lecturer in Journal
ism and will have charge of the
course, Advertising Procedures, in
spring quarter.
Edwin P. Gerth, president of the
Gerth-Pacific Advertising Agency of
San Francisco and Los Angeles, has
been appointed Lecturer in Journal
ism and will have charge of the
course, Advertising Procedures, in
spring quarter.
Edwin P. Gerth, president of the
Gerth-Pacific Advertising Agency of
San Francisco and Los Angeles, has
been appointed Lecturer in Journal
ism and will have charge of the
course, Advertising Procedures, in
spring quarter.
Edwin P. Gerth, president of the
Gerth-Pacific Advertising Agency of
San Francisco and Los Angeles, has
been appointed Lecturer in Journal
ism and will have charge of the
course, Advertising Procedures, in
spring quarter.
Edwin P. Gerth, president of the
Gerth-Pacific Advertising Agency of
San Francisco and Los Angeles, has
been appointed Lecturer in Journal
ism and will have charge of the
course, Advertising Procedures, in
spring quarter.
Edwin P. Gerth, president of the
Gerth-Pacific Advertising Agency of
San Francisco and Los Angeles, has
been appointed Lecturer in Journal
ism and will have charge of the
course, Advertising Procedures, in
spring quarter.
Edwin P. Gerth, president of the
Gerth-Pacific Advertising Agency of
San Francisco and Los Angeles, has
been appointed Lecturer in Journal
ism and will have charge of the
course, Advertising Procedures, in
spring quarter.
Edwin P. Gerth, president of the
Gerth-Pacific Advertising Agency of
San Francisco and Los Angeles, has
been appointed Lecturer in Journal
ism and will have charge of the
course, Advertising Procedures, in
spring quarter.
Edwin P. Gerth, president of the
Gerth-Pacific Advertising Agency of
San Francisco and Los Angeles, has
been appointed Lecturer in Journal
ism and will have charge of the
course, Advertising Procedures, in
spring quarter.
Edwin P. Gerth, president of the
Gerth-Pacific Advertising Agency of
San Francisco and Los Angeles, has
been appointed Lecturer in Journal
ism and will have charge of the
course, Advertising Procedures, in
spring quarter.
Edwin P. Gerth, president of the
Gerth-Pacific Advertising Agency of
San Francisco and Los Angeles, has
been appointed Lecturer in Journal
ism and will have charge of the
course, Advertising Procedures, in
spring quarter.
Edwin P. Gerth, president of the
Gerth-Pacific Advertising Agency of
San Francisco and Los Angeles, has
been appointed Lecturer in Journal
ism and will have charge of the
course, Advertising Procedures, in
spring quarter.
