# Rusher to Discuss Future of GOP
## 
### 
William A. Rusher, former
counsel to the Senate Internal
Security Subcommittee and now
publisher of “National Review,”
will speak in Cubberley Audi
torium today at 4:15 p.m. His
talk, “1964—Crossroads for the
GOP,” is sponsored by Conserv
ative Caucus of Political Union
and the Stanford Area Young
Republicans (SAYR).
Barbara Westerlund. SAYR
president, calls Rusher "one of
the top strategists in the Repub
lican Party.” A graduate of Har
vard Law School, Rusher says
he has been a life-long Republi
can.
William A. Rusher, former
counsel to the Senate Internal
Security Subcommittee and now
publisher of “National Review,”
will speak in Cubberley Audi
torium today at 4:15 p.m. His
talk, “1964—Crossroads for the
GOP,” is sponsored by Conserv
ative Caucus of Political Union
and the Stanford Area Young
Republicans (SAYR).
Barbara Westerlund. SAYR
president, calls Rusher "one of
the top strategists in the Repub
lican Party.” A graduate of Har
vard Law School, Rusher says
he has been a life-long Republi
can.
William A. Rusher, former
counsel to the Senate Internal
Security Subcommittee and now
publisher of “National Review,”
will speak in Cubberley Audi
torium today at 4:15 p.m. His
talk, “1964—Crossroads for the
GOP,” is sponsored by Conserv
ative Caucus of Political Union
and the Stanford Area Young
Republicans (SAYR).
Barbara Westerlund. SAYR
president, calls Rusher "one of
the top strategists in the Repub
lican Party.” A graduate of Har
vard Law School, Rusher says
he has been a life-long Republi
can.
William A. Rusher, former
counsel to the Senate Internal
Security Subcommittee and now
publisher of “National Review,”
will speak in Cubberley Audi
torium today at 4:15 p.m. His
talk, “1964—Crossroads for the
GOP,” is sponsored by Conserv
ative Caucus of Political Union
and the Stanford Area Young
Republicans (SAYR).
Barbara Westerlund. SAYR
president, calls Rusher "one of
the top strategists in the Repub
lican Party.” A graduate of Har
vard Law School, Rusher says
he has been a life-long Republi
can.
William A. Rusher, former
counsel to the Senate Internal
Security Subcommittee and now
publisher of “National Review,”
will speak in Cubberley Audi
torium today at 4:15 p.m. His
talk, “1964—Crossroads for the
GOP,” is sponsored by Conserv
ative Caucus of Political Union
and the Stanford Area Young
Republicans (SAYR).
Barbara Westerlund. SAYR
president, calls Rusher "one of
the top strategists in the Repub
lican Party.” A graduate of Har
vard Law School, Rusher says
he has been a life-long Republi
can.
William A. Rusher, former
counsel to the Senate Internal
Security Subcommittee and now
publisher of “National Review,”
will speak in Cubberley Audi
torium today at 4:15 p.m. His
talk, “1964—Crossroads for the
GOP,” is sponsored by Conserv
ative Caucus of Political Union
and the Stanford Area Young
Republicans (SAYR).
Barbara Westerlund. SAYR
president, calls Rusher "one of
the top strategists in the Repub
lican Party.” A graduate of Har
vard Law School, Rusher says
he has been a life-long Republi
can.
William A. Rusher, former
counsel to the Senate Internal
Security Subcommittee and now
publisher of “National Review,”
will speak in Cubberley Audi
torium today at 4:15 p.m. His
talk, “1964—Crossroads for the
GOP,” is sponsored by Conserv
ative Caucus of Political Union
and the Stanford Area Young
Republicans (SAYR).
Barbara Westerlund. SAYR
president, calls Rusher "one of
the top strategists in the Repub
lican Party.” A graduate of Har
vard Law School, Rusher says
he has been a life-long Republi
can.
William A. Rusher, former
counsel to the Senate Internal
Security Subcommittee and now
publisher of “National Review,”
will speak in Cubberley Audi
torium today at 4:15 p.m. His
talk, “1964—Crossroads for the
GOP,” is sponsored by Conserv
ative Caucus of Political Union
and the Stanford Area Young
Republicans (SAYR).
Barbara Westerlund. SAYR
president, calls Rusher "one of
the top strategists in the Repub
lican Party.” A graduate of Har
vard Law School, Rusher says
he has been a life-long Republi
can.
William A. Rusher, former
counsel to the Senate Internal
Security Subcommittee and now
publisher of “National Review,”
will speak in Cubberley Audi
torium today at 4:15 p.m. His
talk, “1964—Crossroads for the
GOP,” is sponsored by Conserv
ative Caucus of Political Union
and the Stanford Area Young
Republicans (SAYR).
Barbara Westerlund. SAYR
president, calls Rusher "one of
the top strategists in the Repub
lican Party.” A graduate of Har
vard Law School, Rusher says
he has been a life-long Republi
can.
William A. Rusher, former
counsel to the Senate Internal
Security Subcommittee and now
publisher of “National Review,”
will speak in Cubberley Audi
torium today at 4:15 p.m. His
talk, “1964—Crossroads for the
GOP,” is sponsored by Conserv
ative Caucus of Political Union
and the Stanford Area Young
Republicans (SAYR).
Barbara Westerlund. SAYR
president, calls Rusher "one of
the top strategists in the Repub
lican Party.” A graduate of Har
vard Law School, Rusher says
he has been a life-long Republi
can.
William A. Rusher, former
counsel to the Senate Internal
Security Subcommittee and now
publisher of “National Review,”
will speak in Cubberley Audi
torium today at 4:15 p.m. His
talk, “1964—Crossroads for the
GOP,” is sponsored by Conserv
ative Caucus of Political Union
and the Stanford Area Young
Republicans (SAYR).
Barbara Westerlund. SAYR
president, calls Rusher "one of
the top strategists in the Repub
lican Party.” A graduate of Har
vard Law School, Rusher says
he has been a life-long Republi
can.
William A. Rusher, former
counsel to the Senate Internal
Security Subcommittee and now
publisher of “National Review,”
will speak in Cubberley Audi
torium today at 4:15 p.m. His
talk, “1964—Crossroads for the
GOP,” is sponsored by Conserv
ative Caucus of Political Union
and the Stanford Area Young
Republicans (SAYR).
Barbara Westerlund. SAYR
president, calls Rusher "one of
the top strategists in the Repub
lican Party.” A graduate of Har
vard Law School, Rusher says
he has been a life-long Republi
can.
William A. Rusher, former
counsel to the Senate Internal
Security Subcommittee and now
publisher of “National Review,”
will speak in Cubberley Audi
torium today at 4:15 p.m. His
talk, “1964—Crossroads for the
GOP,” is sponsored by Conserv
ative Caucus of Political Union
and the Stanford Area Young
Republicans (SAYR).
Barbara Westerlund. SAYR
president, calls Rusher "one of
the top strategists in the Repub
lican Party.” A graduate of Har
vard Law School, Rusher says
he has been a life-long Republi
can.
William A. Rusher, former
counsel to the Senate Internal
Security Subcommittee and now
publisher of “National Review,”
will speak in Cubberley Audi
torium today at 4:15 p.m. His
talk, “1964—Crossroads for the
GOP,” is sponsored by Conserv
ative Caucus of Political Union
and the Stanford Area Young
Republicans (SAYR).
Barbara Westerlund. SAYR
president, calls Rusher "one of
the top strategists in the Repub
lican Party.” A graduate of Har
vard Law School, Rusher says
he has been a life-long Republi
can.
William A. Rusher, former
counsel to the Senate Internal
Security Subcommittee and now
publisher of “National Review,”
will speak in Cubberley Audi
torium today at 4:15 p.m. His
talk, “1964—Crossroads for the
GOP,” is sponsored by Conserv
ative Caucus of Political Union
and the Stanford Area Young
Republicans (SAYR).
Barbara Westerlund. SAYR
president, calls Rusher "one of
the top strategists in the Repub
lican Party.” A graduate of Har
vard Law School, Rusher says
he has been a life-long Republi
can.
