# Adv. 3 Page 1
## 
### 
Donner, Serra
Set to Twist
Donner and Serra houses of
Stern Hall will hold an all
campus “Turkey Trot and
Twisting’ Party’’ tomorrow
night from 8-12 p.m. in the
courtyard between the two
houses. The Nomads will pro
vide the music and refresh
ments will be served.
Donner, Serra
Set to Twist
Donner and Serra houses of
Stern Hall will hold an all
campus “Turkey Trot and
Twisting’ Party’’ tomorrow
night from 8-12 p.m. in the
courtyard between the two
houses. The Nomads will pro
vide the music and refresh
ments will be served.
Donner, Serra
Set to Twist
Donner and Serra houses of
Stern Hall will hold an all
campus “Turkey Trot and
Twisting’ Party’’ tomorrow
night from 8-12 p.m. in the
courtyard between the two
houses. The Nomads will pro
vide the music and refresh
ments will be served.
Donner, Serra
Set to Twist
Donner and Serra houses of
Stern Hall will hold an all
campus “Turkey Trot and
Twisting’ Party’’ tomorrow
night from 8-12 p.m. in the
courtyard between the two
houses. The Nomads will pro
vide the music and refresh
ments will be served.
Donner, Serra
Set to Twist
Donner and Serra houses of
Stern Hall will hold an all
campus “Turkey Trot and
Twisting’ Party’’ tomorrow
night from 8-12 p.m. in the
courtyard between the two
houses. The Nomads will pro
vide the music and refresh
ments will be served.
Donner, Serra
Set to Twist
Donner and Serra houses of
Stern Hall will hold an all
campus “Turkey Trot and
Twisting’ Party’’ tomorrow
night from 8-12 p.m. in the
courtyard between the two
houses. The Nomads will pro
vide the music and refresh
ments will be served.
Donner, Serra
Set to Twist
Donner and Serra houses of
Stern Hall will hold an all
campus “Turkey Trot and
Twisting’ Party’’ tomorrow
night from 8-12 p.m. in the
courtyard between the two
houses. The Nomads will pro
vide the music and refresh
ments will be served.
Donner, Serra
Set to Twist
Donner and Serra houses of
Stern Hall will hold an all
campus “Turkey Trot and
Twisting’ Party’’ tomorrow
night from 8-12 p.m. in the
courtyard between the two
houses. The Nomads will pro
vide the music and refresh
ments will be served.
Donner, Serra
Set to Twist
Donner and Serra houses of
Stern Hall will hold an all
campus “Turkey Trot and
Twisting’ Party’’ tomorrow
night from 8-12 p.m. in the
courtyard between the two
houses. The Nomads will pro
vide the music and refresh
ments will be served.
Donner, Serra
Set to Twist
Donner and Serra houses of
Stern Hall will hold an all
campus “Turkey Trot and
Twisting’ Party’’ tomorrow
night from 8-12 p.m. in the
courtyard between the two
houses. The Nomads will pro
vide the music and refresh
ments will be served.
Donner, Serra
Set to Twist
Donner and Serra houses of
Stern Hall will hold an all
campus “Turkey Trot and
Twisting’ Party’’ tomorrow
night from 8-12 p.m. in the
courtyard between the two
houses. The Nomads will pro
vide the music and refresh
ments will be served.
Donner, Serra
Set to Twist
Donner and Serra houses of
Stern Hall will hold an all
campus “Turkey Trot and
Twisting’ Party’’ tomorrow
night from 8-12 p.m. in the
courtyard between the two
houses. The Nomads will pro
vide the music and refresh
ments will be served.
Donner, Serra
Set to Twist
Donner and Serra houses of
Stern Hall will hold an all
campus “Turkey Trot and
Twisting’ Party’’ tomorrow
night from 8-12 p.m. in the
courtyard between the two
houses. The Nomads will pro
vide the music and refresh
ments will be served.
Donner, Serra
Set to Twist
Donner and Serra houses of
Stern Hall will hold an all
campus “Turkey Trot and
Twisting’ Party’’ tomorrow
night from 8-12 p.m. in the
courtyard between the two
houses. The Nomads will pro
vide the music and refresh
ments will be served.
Donner, Serra
Set to Twist
Donner and Serra houses of
Stern Hall will hold an all
campus “Turkey Trot and
Twisting’ Party’’ tomorrow
night from 8-12 p.m. in the
courtyard between the two
houses. The Nomads will pro
vide the music and refresh
ments will be served.
Donner, Serra
Set to Twist
Donner and Serra houses of
Stern Hall will hold an all
campus “Turkey Trot and
Twisting’ Party’’ tomorrow
night from 8-12 p.m. in the
courtyard between the two
houses. The Nomads will pro
vide the music and refresh
ments will be served.
Donner, Serra
Set to Twist
Donner and Serra houses of
Stern Hall will hold an all
campus “Turkey Trot and
Twisting’ Party’’ tomorrow
night from 8-12 p.m. in the
courtyard between the two
houses. The Nomads will pro
vide the music and refresh
ments will be served.
