# HUAC Protest Draws Hundreds
## 
### LARRY SHERWIN 
Several hundred demonstrators,
most of them Bay Area college
students, held a protest against
the House Committee on Un-
American Activities in front of
the San Francisco City Hall yes
terday.
The group listened to an hour
of speeches against the commit
tee, then marched around City
Hall for an hour and a half carry
ing signs protesting the HUAC
which opened hearings in Los
Angeles Tuesday.
The protest was organized by
Bob Phillips, chairman of the
Student Civil Liberties Union, and
Mike Tigar, past president of
SLATE at the University of Cali
fornia.
The speeches were given by Al
bert Bendich, a graduate instruc
tor at the Berkeley campus, at
torney Bertram Edises and Meth
odist minister Alfred Dales.
A group of anti-picketers com
posed of students from Stanford,
the University of San Francisco
and Hastings carried banners pro
testing the protest. They carried
signs saying “Protest This In
sanity’’ and laughed heartily
when it was announced that the
United States had resumed nu
clear testing.
Several hundred demonstrators,
most of them Bay Area college
students, held a protest against
the House Committee on Un-
American Activities in front of
the San Francisco City Hall yes
terday.
The group listened to an hour
of speeches against the commit
tee, then marched around City
Hall for an hour and a half carry
ing signs protesting the HUAC
which opened hearings in Los
Angeles Tuesday.
The protest was organized by
Bob Phillips, chairman of the
Student Civil Liberties Union, and
Mike Tigar, past president of
SLATE at the University of Cali
fornia.
The speeches were given by Al
bert Bendich, a graduate instruc
tor at the Berkeley campus, at
torney Bertram Edises and Meth
odist minister Alfred Dales.
A group of anti-picketers com
posed of students from Stanford,
the University of San Francisco
and Hastings carried banners pro
testing the protest. They carried
signs saying “Protest This In
sanity’’ and laughed heartily
when it was announced that the
United States had resumed nu
clear testing.
Several hundred demonstrators,
most of them Bay Area college
students, held a protest against
the House Committee on Un-
American Activities in front of
the San Francisco City Hall yes
terday.
The group listened to an hour
of speeches against the commit
tee, then marched around City
Hall for an hour and a half carry
ing signs protesting the HUAC
which opened hearings in Los
Angeles Tuesday.
The protest was organized by
Bob Phillips, chairman of the
Student Civil Liberties Union, and
Mike Tigar, past president of
SLATE at the University of Cali
fornia.
The speeches were given by Al
bert Bendich, a graduate instruc
tor at the Berkeley campus, at
torney Bertram Edises and Meth
odist minister Alfred Dales.
A group of anti-picketers com
posed of students from Stanford,
the University of San Francisco
and Hastings carried banners pro
testing the protest. They carried
signs saying “Protest This In
sanity’’ and laughed heartily
when it was announced that the
United States had resumed nu
clear testing.
Several hundred demonstrators,
most of them Bay Area college
students, held a protest against
the House Committee on Un-
American Activities in front of
the San Francisco City Hall yes
terday.
The group listened to an hour
of speeches against the commit
tee, then marched around City
Hall for an hour and a half carry
ing signs protesting the HUAC
which opened hearings in Los
Angeles Tuesday.
The protest was organized by
Bob Phillips, chairman of the
Student Civil Liberties Union, and
Mike Tigar, past president of
SLATE at the University of Cali
fornia.
The speeches were given by Al
bert Bendich, a graduate instruc
tor at the Berkeley campus, at
torney Bertram Edises and Meth
odist minister Alfred Dales.
A group of anti-picketers com
posed of students from Stanford,
the University of San Francisco
and Hastings carried banners pro
testing the protest. They carried
signs saying “Protest This In
sanity’’ and laughed heartily
when it was announced that the
United States had resumed nu
clear testing.
Several hundred demonstrators,
most of them Bay Area college
students, held a protest against
the House Committee on Un-
American Activities in front of
the San Francisco City Hall yes
terday.
The group listened to an hour
of speeches against the commit
tee, then marched around City
Hall for an hour and a half carry
ing signs protesting the HUAC
which opened hearings in Los
Angeles Tuesday.
The protest was organized by
Bob Phillips, chairman of the
Student Civil Liberties Union, and
Mike Tigar, past president of
SLATE at the University of Cali
fornia.
The speeches were given by Al
bert Bendich, a graduate instruc
tor at the Berkeley campus, at
torney Bertram Edises and Meth
odist minister Alfred Dales.
A group of anti-picketers com
posed of students from Stanford,
the University of San Francisco
and Hastings carried banners pro
testing the protest. They carried
signs saying “Protest This In
sanity’’ and laughed heartily
when it was announced that the
United States had resumed nu
clear testing.
Several hundred demonstrators,
most of them Bay Area college
students, held a protest against
the House Committee on Un-
American Activities in front of
the San Francisco City Hall yes
terday.
The group listened to an hour
of speeches against the commit
tee, then marched around City
Hall for an hour and a half carry
ing signs protesting the HUAC
which opened hearings in Los
Angeles Tuesday.
The protest was organized by
Bob Phillips, chairman of the
Student Civil Liberties Union, and
Mike Tigar, past president of
SLATE at the University of Cali
fornia.
The speeches were given by Al
bert Bendich, a graduate instruc
tor at the Berkeley campus, at
torney Bertram Edises and Meth
odist minister Alfred Dales.
A group of anti-picketers com
posed of students from Stanford,
the University of San Francisco
and Hastings carried banners pro
testing the protest. They carried
signs saying “Protest This In
sanity’’ and laughed heartily
when it was announced that the
United States had resumed nu
clear testing.
Several hundred demonstrators,
most of them Bay Area college
students, held a protest against
the House Committee on Un-
American Activities in front of
the San Francisco City Hall yes
terday.
The group listened to an hour
of speeches against the commit
tee, then marched around City
Hall for an hour and a half carry
ing signs protesting the HUAC
which opened hearings in Los
Angeles Tuesday.
The protest was organized by
Bob Phillips, chairman of the
Student Civil Liberties Union, and
Mike Tigar, past president of
SLATE at the University of Cali
fornia.
The speeches were given by Al
bert Bendich, a graduate instruc
tor at the Berkeley campus, at
torney Bertram Edises and Meth
odist minister Alfred Dales.
A group of anti-picketers com
posed of students from Stanford,
the University of San Francisco
and Hastings carried banners pro
testing the protest. They carried
signs saying “Protest This In
sanity’’ and laughed heartily
when it was announced that the
United States had resumed nu
clear testing.
Several hundred demonstrators,
most of them Bay Area college
students, held a protest against
the House Committee on Un-
American Activities in front of
the San Francisco City Hall yes
terday.
The group listened to an hour
of speeches against the commit
tee, then marched around City
Hall for an hour and a half carry
ing signs protesting the HUAC
which opened hearings in Los
Angeles Tuesday.
The protest was organized by
Bob Phillips, chairman of the
Student Civil Liberties Union, and
Mike Tigar, past president of
SLATE at the University of Cali
fornia.
The speeches were given by Al
bert Bendich, a graduate instruc
tor at the Berkeley campus, at
torney Bertram Edises and Meth
odist minister Alfred Dales.
A group of anti-picketers com
posed of students from Stanford,
the University of San Francisco
and Hastings carried banners pro
testing the protest. They carried
signs saying “Protest This In
sanity’’ and laughed heartily
when it was announced that the
United States had resumed nu
clear testing.
Several hundred demonstrators,
most of them Bay Area college
students, held a protest against
the House Committee on Un-
American Activities in front of
the San Francisco City Hall yes
terday.
The group listened to an hour
of speeches against the commit
tee, then marched around City
Hall for an hour and a half carry
ing signs protesting the HUAC
which opened hearings in Los
Angeles Tuesday.
The protest was organized by
Bob Phillips, chairman of the
Student Civil Liberties Union, and
Mike Tigar, past president of
SLATE at the University of Cali
fornia.
The speeches were given by Al
bert Bendich, a graduate instruc
tor at the Berkeley campus, at
torney Bertram Edises and Meth
odist minister Alfred Dales.
A group of anti-picketers com
posed of students from Stanford,
the University of San Francisco
and Hastings carried banners pro
testing the protest. They carried
signs saying “Protest This In
sanity’’ and laughed heartily
when it was announced that the
United States had resumed nu
clear testing.
Several hundred demonstrators,
most of them Bay Area college
students, held a protest against
the House Committee on Un-
American Activities in front of
the San Francisco City Hall yes
terday.
The group listened to an hour
of speeches against the commit
tee, then marched around City
Hall for an hour and a half carry
ing signs protesting the HUAC
which opened hearings in Los
Angeles Tuesday.
The protest was organized by
Bob Phillips, chairman of the
Student Civil Liberties Union, and
Mike Tigar, past president of
SLATE at the University of Cali
fornia.
The speeches were given by Al
bert Bendich, a graduate instruc
tor at the Berkeley campus, at
torney Bertram Edises and Meth
odist minister Alfred Dales.
A group of anti-picketers com
posed of students from Stanford,
the University of San Francisco
and Hastings carried banners pro
testing the protest. They carried
signs saying “Protest This In
sanity’’ and laughed heartily
when it was announced that the
United States had resumed nu
clear testing.
Several hundred demonstrators,
most of them Bay Area college
students, held a protest against
the House Committee on Un-
American Activities in front of
the San Francisco City Hall yes
terday.
The group listened to an hour
of speeches against the commit
tee, then marched around City
Hall for an hour and a half carry
ing signs protesting the HUAC
which opened hearings in Los
Angeles Tuesday.
The protest was organized by
Bob Phillips, chairman of the
Student Civil Liberties Union, and
Mike Tigar, past president of
SLATE at the University of Cali
fornia.
The speeches were given by Al
bert Bendich, a graduate instruc
tor at the Berkeley campus, at
torney Bertram Edises and Meth
odist minister Alfred Dales.
A group of anti-picketers com
posed of students from Stanford,
the University of San Francisco
and Hastings carried banners pro
testing the protest. They carried
signs saying “Protest This In
sanity’’ and laughed heartily
when it was announced that the
United States had resumed nu
clear testing.
Several hundred demonstrators,
most of them Bay Area college
students, held a protest against
the House Committee on Un-
American Activities in front of
the San Francisco City Hall yes
terday.
The group listened to an hour
of speeches against the commit
tee, then marched around City
Hall for an hour and a half carry
ing signs protesting the HUAC
which opened hearings in Los
Angeles Tuesday.
The protest was organized by
Bob Phillips, chairman of the
Student Civil Liberties Union, and
Mike Tigar, past president of
SLATE at the University of Cali
fornia.
The speeches were given by Al
bert Bendich, a graduate instruc
tor at the Berkeley campus, at
torney Bertram Edises and Meth
odist minister Alfred Dales.
A group of anti-picketers com
posed of students from Stanford,
the University of San Francisco
and Hastings carried banners pro
testing the protest. They carried
signs saying “Protest This In
sanity’’ and laughed heartily
when it was announced that the
United States had resumed nu
clear testing.
Several hundred demonstrators,
most of them Bay Area college
students, held a protest against
the House Committee on Un-
American Activities in front of
the San Francisco City Hall yes
terday.
The group listened to an hour
of speeches against the commit
tee, then marched around City
Hall for an hour and a half carry
ing signs protesting the HUAC
which opened hearings in Los
Angeles Tuesday.
The protest was organized by
Bob Phillips, chairman of the
Student Civil Liberties Union, and
Mike Tigar, past president of
SLATE at the University of Cali
fornia.
The speeches were given by Al
bert Bendich, a graduate instruc
tor at the Berkeley campus, at
torney Bertram Edises and Meth
odist minister Alfred Dales.
A group of anti-picketers com
posed of students from Stanford,
the University of San Francisco
and Hastings carried banners pro
testing the protest. They carried
signs saying “Protest This In
sanity’’ and laughed heartily
when it was announced that the
United States had resumed nu
clear testing.
Several hundred demonstrators,
most of them Bay Area college
students, held a protest against
the House Committee on Un-
American Activities in front of
the San Francisco City Hall yes
terday.
The group listened to an hour
of speeches against the commit
tee, then marched around City
Hall for an hour and a half carry
ing signs protesting the HUAC
which opened hearings in Los
Angeles Tuesday.
The protest was organized by
Bob Phillips, chairman of the
Student Civil Liberties Union, and
Mike Tigar, past president of
SLATE at the University of Cali
fornia.
The speeches were given by Al
bert Bendich, a graduate instruc
tor at the Berkeley campus, at
torney Bertram Edises and Meth
odist minister Alfred Dales.
A group of anti-picketers com
posed of students from Stanford,
the University of San Francisco
and Hastings carried banners pro
testing the protest. They carried
signs saying “Protest This In
sanity’’ and laughed heartily
when it was announced that the
United States had resumed nu
clear testing.
Several hundred demonstrators,
most of them Bay Area college
students, held a protest against
the House Committee on Un-
American Activities in front of
the San Francisco City Hall yes
terday.
The group listened to an hour
of speeches against the commit
tee, then marched around City
Hall for an hour and a half carry
ing signs protesting the HUAC
which opened hearings in Los
Angeles Tuesday.
The protest was organized by
Bob Phillips, chairman of the
Student Civil Liberties Union, and
Mike Tigar, past president of
SLATE at the University of Cali
fornia.
The speeches were given by Al
bert Bendich, a graduate instruc
tor at the Berkeley campus, at
torney Bertram Edises and Meth
odist minister Alfred Dales.
A group of anti-picketers com
posed of students from Stanford,
the University of San Francisco
and Hastings carried banners pro
testing the protest. They carried
signs saying “Protest This In
sanity’’ and laughed heartily
when it was announced that the
United States had resumed nu
clear testing.
Several hundred demonstrators,
most of them Bay Area college
students, held a protest against
the House Committee on Un-
American Activities in front of
the San Francisco City Hall yes
terday.
The group listened to an hour
of speeches against the commit
tee, then marched around City
Hall for an hour and a half carry
ing signs protesting the HUAC
which opened hearings in Los
Angeles Tuesday.
The protest was organized by
Bob Phillips, chairman of the
Student Civil Liberties Union, and
Mike Tigar, past president of
SLATE at the University of Cali
fornia.
The speeches were given by Al
bert Bendich, a graduate instruc
tor at the Berkeley campus, at
torney Bertram Edises and Meth
odist minister Alfred Dales.
A group of anti-picketers com
posed of students from Stanford,
the University of San Francisco
and Hastings carried banners pro
testing the protest. They carried
signs saying “Protest This In
sanity’’ and laughed heartily
when it was announced that the
United States had resumed nu
clear testing.
Several hundred demonstrators,
most of them Bay Area college
students, held a protest against
the House Committee on Un-
American Activities in front of
the San Francisco City Hall yes
terday.
The group listened to an hour
of speeches against the commit
tee, then marched around City
Hall for an hour and a half carry
ing signs protesting the HUAC
which opened hearings in Los
Angeles Tuesday.
The protest was organized by
Bob Phillips, chairman of the
Student Civil Liberties Union, and
Mike Tigar, past president of
SLATE at the University of Cali
fornia.
The speeches were given by Al
bert Bendich, a graduate instruc
tor at the Berkeley campus, at
torney Bertram Edises and Meth
odist minister Alfred Dales.
A group of anti-picketers com
posed of students from Stanford,
the University of San Francisco
and Hastings carried banners pro
testing the protest. They carried
signs saying “Protest This In
sanity’’ and laughed heartily
when it was announced that the
United States had resumed nu
clear testing.
