# Untitled Article
## 
### 

MARK MILLER, Card lefthander, is scheduled to open tomorrow
against invading UCLA. However the senior hurler had to leave
Monday's game in the third inning with an apparent muscle spasm
in his pitching arm and may not be ready.

MARK MILLER, Card lefthander, is scheduled to open tomorrow
against invading UCLA. However the senior hurler had to leave
Monday's game in the third inning with an apparent muscle spasm
in his pitching arm and may not be ready.

MARK MILLER, Card lefthander, is scheduled to open tomorrow
against invading UCLA. However the senior hurler had to leave
Monday's game in the third inning with an apparent muscle spasm
in his pitching arm and may not be ready.

MARK MILLER, Card lefthander, is scheduled to open tomorrow
against invading UCLA. However the senior hurler had to leave
Monday's game in the third inning with an apparent muscle spasm
in his pitching arm and may not be ready.

MARK MILLER, Card lefthander, is scheduled to open tomorrow
against invading UCLA. However the senior hurler had to leave
Monday's game in the third inning with an apparent muscle spasm
in his pitching arm and may not be ready.

MARK MILLER, Card lefthander, is scheduled to open tomorrow
against invading UCLA. However the senior hurler had to leave
Monday's game in the third inning with an apparent muscle spasm
in his pitching arm and may not be ready.

MARK MILLER, Card lefthander, is scheduled to open tomorrow
against invading UCLA. However the senior hurler had to leave
Monday's game in the third inning with an apparent muscle spasm
in his pitching arm and may not be ready.

MARK MILLER, Card lefthander, is scheduled to open tomorrow
against invading UCLA. However the senior hurler had to leave
Monday's game in the third inning with an apparent muscle spasm
in his pitching arm and may not be ready.

MARK MILLER, Card lefthander, is scheduled to open tomorrow
against invading UCLA. However the senior hurler had to leave
Monday's game in the third inning with an apparent muscle spasm
in his pitching arm and may not be ready.

MARK MILLER, Card lefthander, is scheduled to open tomorrow
against invading UCLA. However the senior hurler had to leave
Monday's game in the third inning with an apparent muscle spasm
in his pitching arm and may not be ready.

MARK MILLER, Card lefthander, is scheduled to open tomorrow
against invading UCLA. However the senior hurler had to leave
Monday's game in the third inning with an apparent muscle spasm
in his pitching arm and may not be ready.

MARK MILLER, Card lefthander, is scheduled to open tomorrow
against invading UCLA. However the senior hurler had to leave
Monday's game in the third inning with an apparent muscle spasm
in his pitching arm and may not be ready.

MARK MILLER, Card lefthander, is scheduled to open tomorrow
against invading UCLA. However the senior hurler had to leave
Monday's game in the third inning with an apparent muscle spasm
in his pitching arm and may not be ready.

MARK MILLER, Card lefthander, is scheduled to open tomorrow
against invading UCLA. However the senior hurler had to leave
Monday's game in the third inning with an apparent muscle spasm
in his pitching arm and may not be ready.

MARK MILLER, Card lefthander, is scheduled to open tomorrow
against invading UCLA. However the senior hurler had to leave
Monday's game in the third inning with an apparent muscle spasm
in his pitching arm and may not be ready.

MARK MILLER, Card lefthander, is scheduled to open tomorrow
against invading UCLA. However the senior hurler had to leave
Monday's game in the third inning with an apparent muscle spasm
in his pitching arm and may not be ready.

MARK MILLER, Card lefthander, is scheduled to open tomorrow
against invading UCLA. However the senior hurler had to leave
Monday's game in the third inning with an apparent muscle spasm
in his pitching arm and may not be ready.
