# WOMEN NEED $7OO TO FURNISH GYM
## 
### 
No plans have been made as yet for
obtaining money for (he women's gym
nasium. Last quarter $1,000 of Ihe
necessary $2,300 was raised by women
students and various Stanford clubs,
including the Mothers' Club. Ihe Fac
ulty Club, and the Stanford Dames, for
the purpose of furnishing the gymna
sium.
On University Day, the occasion of
the Stanford-California track meet,
concessions were sold inside the Sta
dium for the first time in Stanford
history. The girls had a KafiFee Klatch
in the Gym, materials for which were
donated, breakfasts were served, and
entertainments given. All the campus
helped and thus far the Girls' Lounge,
Ihe waiting rooms of Dr. Bertha S. Dy
ment and Miss Howely, and the Dance
Studio have been furnished. Seven
hundred dollars still has to be raised.
