# FILM STAR TO WED STANFORD ALUMNUS
## 
### 
Miss Dorothy Mackaill, film actress,
and Neil A. Miller, '28, gave "definite
and official" announcement of their en
gagement when they returned to Los
Angeles from Honolulu, Friday, ac
cording to Associated Press reports.
Miss Mackaill admitted her engagement
but explained that no definite wedding
plans had been made.
Miller, who is now a resident of
Honolulu, entered Stanford from Mon
rovia. He is a member of Alpha Delta
Phi fraternity.
Miss Dorothy Mackaill, film actress,
and Neil A. Miller, '28, gave "definite
and official" announcement of their en
gagement when they returned to Los
Angeles from Honolulu, Friday, ac
cording to Associated Press reports.
Miss Mackaill admitted her engagement
but explained that no definite wedding
plans had been made.
Miller, who is now a resident of
Honolulu, entered Stanford from Mon
rovia. He is a member of Alpha Delta
Phi fraternity.
Miss Dorothy Mackaill, film actress,
and Neil A. Miller, '28, gave "definite
and official" announcement of their en
gagement when they returned to Los
Angeles from Honolulu, Friday, ac
cording to Associated Press reports.
Miss Mackaill admitted her engagement
but explained that no definite wedding
plans had been made.
Miller, who is now a resident of
Honolulu, entered Stanford from Mon
rovia. He is a member of Alpha Delta
Phi fraternity.
Miss Dorothy Mackaill, film actress,
and Neil A. Miller, '28, gave "definite
and official" announcement of their en
gagement when they returned to Los
Angeles from Honolulu, Friday, ac
cording to Associated Press reports.
Miss Mackaill admitted her engagement
but explained that no definite wedding
plans had been made.
Miller, who is now a resident of
Honolulu, entered Stanford from Mon
rovia. He is a member of Alpha Delta
Phi fraternity.
Miss Dorothy Mackaill, film actress,
and Neil A. Miller, '28, gave "definite
and official" announcement of their en
gagement when they returned to Los
Angeles from Honolulu, Friday, ac
cording to Associated Press reports.
Miss Mackaill admitted her engagement
but explained that no definite wedding
plans had been made.
Miller, who is now a resident of
Honolulu, entered Stanford from Mon
rovia. He is a member of Alpha Delta
Phi fraternity.
Miss Dorothy Mackaill, film actress,
and Neil A. Miller, '28, gave "definite
and official" announcement of their en
gagement when they returned to Los
Angeles from Honolulu, Friday, ac
cording to Associated Press reports.
Miss Mackaill admitted her engagement
but explained that no definite wedding
plans had been made.
Miller, who is now a resident of
Honolulu, entered Stanford from Mon
rovia. He is a member of Alpha Delta
Phi fraternity.
Miss Dorothy Mackaill, film actress,
and Neil A. Miller, '28, gave "definite
and official" announcement of their en
gagement when they returned to Los
Angeles from Honolulu, Friday, ac
cording to Associated Press reports.
Miss Mackaill admitted her engagement
but explained that no definite wedding
plans had been made.
Miller, who is now a resident of
Honolulu, entered Stanford from Mon
rovia. He is a member of Alpha Delta
Phi fraternity.
Miss Dorothy Mackaill, film actress,
and Neil A. Miller, '28, gave "definite
and official" announcement of their en
gagement when they returned to Los
Angeles from Honolulu, Friday, ac
cording to Associated Press reports.
Miss Mackaill admitted her engagement
but explained that no definite wedding
plans had been made.
Miller, who is now a resident of
Honolulu, entered Stanford from Mon
rovia. He is a member of Alpha Delta
Phi fraternity.
Miss Dorothy Mackaill, film actress,
and Neil A. Miller, '28, gave "definite
and official" announcement of their en
gagement when they returned to Los
Angeles from Honolulu, Friday, ac
cording to Associated Press reports.
Miss Mackaill admitted her engagement
but explained that no definite wedding
plans had been made.
Miller, who is now a resident of
Honolulu, entered Stanford from Mon
rovia. He is a member of Alpha Delta
Phi fraternity.
Miss Dorothy Mackaill, film actress,
and Neil A. Miller, '28, gave "definite
and official" announcement of their en
gagement when they returned to Los
Angeles from Honolulu, Friday, ac
cording to Associated Press reports.
Miss Mackaill admitted her engagement
but explained that no definite wedding
plans had been made.
Miller, who is now a resident of
Honolulu, entered Stanford from Mon
rovia. He is a member of Alpha Delta
Phi fraternity.
Miss Dorothy Mackaill, film actress,
and Neil A. Miller, '28, gave "definite
and official" announcement of their en
gagement when they returned to Los
Angeles from Honolulu, Friday, ac
cording to Associated Press reports.
Miss Mackaill admitted her engagement
but explained that no definite wedding
plans had been made.
Miller, who is now a resident of
Honolulu, entered Stanford from Mon
rovia. He is a member of Alpha Delta
Phi fraternity.
Miss Dorothy Mackaill, film actress,
and Neil A. Miller, '28, gave "definite
and official" announcement of their en
gagement when they returned to Los
Angeles from Honolulu, Friday, ac
cording to Associated Press reports.
Miss Mackaill admitted her engagement
but explained that no definite wedding
plans had been made.
Miller, who is now a resident of
Honolulu, entered Stanford from Mon
rovia. He is a member of Alpha Delta
Phi fraternity.
Miss Dorothy Mackaill, film actress,
and Neil A. Miller, '28, gave "definite
and official" announcement of their en
gagement when they returned to Los
Angeles from Honolulu, Friday, ac
cording to Associated Press reports.
Miss Mackaill admitted her engagement
but explained that no definite wedding
plans had been made.
Miller, who is now a resident of
Honolulu, entered Stanford from Mon
rovia. He is a member of Alpha Delta
Phi fraternity.
Miss Dorothy Mackaill, film actress,
and Neil A. Miller, '28, gave "definite
and official" announcement of their en
gagement when they returned to Los
Angeles from Honolulu, Friday, ac
cording to Associated Press reports.
Miss Mackaill admitted her engagement
but explained that no definite wedding
plans had been made.
Miller, who is now a resident of
Honolulu, entered Stanford from Mon
rovia. He is a member of Alpha Delta
Phi fraternity.
Miss Dorothy Mackaill, film actress,
and Neil A. Miller, '28, gave "definite
and official" announcement of their en
gagement when they returned to Los
Angeles from Honolulu, Friday, ac
cording to Associated Press reports.
Miss Mackaill admitted her engagement
but explained that no definite wedding
plans had been made.
Miller, who is now a resident of
Honolulu, entered Stanford from Mon
rovia. He is a member of Alpha Delta
Phi fraternity.
