# WEATHER
## 
### 
Partly cloudy today with light
scattered showers. High tem
perature, 55-60 degrees. Var
iable winds- 5-15 m.p.h.
Partly cloudy today with light
scattered showers. High tem
perature, 55-60 degrees. Var
iable winds- 5-15 m.p.h.
Partly cloudy today with light
scattered showers. High tem
perature, 55-60 degrees. Var
iable winds- 5-15 m.p.h.
Partly cloudy today with light
scattered showers. High tem
perature, 55-60 degrees. Var
iable winds- 5-15 m.p.h.
Partly cloudy today with light
scattered showers. High tem
perature, 55-60 degrees. Var
iable winds- 5-15 m.p.h.
Partly cloudy today with light
scattered showers. High tem
perature, 55-60 degrees. Var
iable winds- 5-15 m.p.h.
Partly cloudy today with light
scattered showers. High tem
perature, 55-60 degrees. Var
iable winds- 5-15 m.p.h.
Partly cloudy today with light
scattered showers. High tem
perature, 55-60 degrees. Var
iable winds- 5-15 m.p.h.
Partly cloudy today with light
scattered showers. High tem
perature, 55-60 degrees. Var
iable winds- 5-15 m.p.h.
Partly cloudy today with light
scattered showers. High tem
perature, 55-60 degrees. Var
iable winds- 5-15 m.p.h.
Partly cloudy today with light
scattered showers. High tem
perature, 55-60 degrees. Var
iable winds- 5-15 m.p.h.
Partly cloudy today with light
scattered showers. High tem
perature, 55-60 degrees. Var
iable winds- 5-15 m.p.h.
Partly cloudy today with light
scattered showers. High tem
perature, 55-60 degrees. Var
iable winds- 5-15 m.p.h.
Partly cloudy today with light
scattered showers. High tem
perature, 55-60 degrees. Var
iable winds- 5-15 m.p.h.
Partly cloudy today with light
scattered showers. High tem
perature, 55-60 degrees. Var
iable winds- 5-15 m.p.h.
