# SPORTS NOTE
## 
### 
There will be an lntersquad
track meet between the var
sity and the frosh Saturday
at 10:00 a.m. at the Stadium.
There will be an lntersquad
track meet between the var
sity and the frosh Saturday
at 10:00 a.m. at the Stadium.
There will be an lntersquad
track meet between the var
sity and the frosh Saturday
at 10:00 a.m. at the Stadium.
There will be an lntersquad
track meet between the var
sity and the frosh Saturday
at 10:00 a.m. at the Stadium.
There will be an lntersquad
track meet between the var
sity and the frosh Saturday
at 10:00 a.m. at the Stadium.
There will be an lntersquad
track meet between the var
sity and the frosh Saturday
at 10:00 a.m. at the Stadium.
There will be an lntersquad
track meet between the var
sity and the frosh Saturday
at 10:00 a.m. at the Stadium.
There will be an lntersquad
track meet between the var
sity and the frosh Saturday
at 10:00 a.m. at the Stadium.
There will be an lntersquad
track meet between the var
sity and the frosh Saturday
at 10:00 a.m. at the Stadium.
There will be an lntersquad
track meet between the var
sity and the frosh Saturday
at 10:00 a.m. at the Stadium.
There will be an lntersquad
track meet between the var
sity and the frosh Saturday
at 10:00 a.m. at the Stadium.
There will be an lntersquad
track meet between the var
sity and the frosh Saturday
at 10:00 a.m. at the Stadium.
There will be an lntersquad
track meet between the var
sity and the frosh Saturday
at 10:00 a.m. at the Stadium.
There will be an lntersquad
track meet between the var
sity and the frosh Saturday
at 10:00 a.m. at the Stadium.
There will be an lntersquad
track meet between the var
sity and the frosh Saturday
at 10:00 a.m. at the Stadium.
