# Debate Today
## 
### 

DEBATER —Bart Lytton, pres
ident of Lytton Savings and
Loan Association will debate
Arnold H. Maremont, president
of Mareinont Corporation on
"The Social Responsibility of
Business — Vice or Virtue?" to
day at noon in Dinkelspiel Au
ditorium.

DEBATER —Bart Lytton, pres
ident of Lytton Savings and
Loan Association will debate
Arnold H. Maremont, president
of Mareinont Corporation on
"The Social Responsibility of
Business — Vice or Virtue?" to
day at noon in Dinkelspiel Au
ditorium.

DEBATER —Bart Lytton, pres
ident of Lytton Savings and
Loan Association will debate
Arnold H. Maremont, president
of Mareinont Corporation on
"The Social Responsibility of
Business — Vice or Virtue?" to
day at noon in Dinkelspiel Au
ditorium.

DEBATER —Bart Lytton, pres
ident of Lytton Savings and
Loan Association will debate
Arnold H. Maremont, president
of Mareinont Corporation on
"The Social Responsibility of
Business — Vice or Virtue?" to
day at noon in Dinkelspiel Au
ditorium.

DEBATER —Bart Lytton, pres
ident of Lytton Savings and
Loan Association will debate
Arnold H. Maremont, president
of Mareinont Corporation on
"The Social Responsibility of
Business — Vice or Virtue?" to
day at noon in Dinkelspiel Au
ditorium.

DEBATER —Bart Lytton, pres
ident of Lytton Savings and
Loan Association will debate
Arnold H. Maremont, president
of Mareinont Corporation on
"The Social Responsibility of
Business — Vice or Virtue?" to
day at noon in Dinkelspiel Au
ditorium.

DEBATER —Bart Lytton, pres
ident of Lytton Savings and
Loan Association will debate
Arnold H. Maremont, president
of Mareinont Corporation on
"The Social Responsibility of
Business — Vice or Virtue?" to
day at noon in Dinkelspiel Au
ditorium.

DEBATER —Bart Lytton, pres
ident of Lytton Savings and
Loan Association will debate
Arnold H. Maremont, president
of Mareinont Corporation on
"The Social Responsibility of
Business — Vice or Virtue?" to
day at noon in Dinkelspiel Au
ditorium.

DEBATER —Bart Lytton, pres
ident of Lytton Savings and
Loan Association will debate
Arnold H. Maremont, president
of Mareinont Corporation on
"The Social Responsibility of
Business — Vice or Virtue?" to
day at noon in Dinkelspiel Au
ditorium.

DEBATER —Bart Lytton, pres
ident of Lytton Savings and
Loan Association will debate
Arnold H. Maremont, president
of Mareinont Corporation on
"The Social Responsibility of
Business — Vice or Virtue?" to
day at noon in Dinkelspiel Au
ditorium.

DEBATER —Bart Lytton, pres
ident of Lytton Savings and
Loan Association will debate
Arnold H. Maremont, president
of Mareinont Corporation on
"The Social Responsibility of
Business — Vice or Virtue?" to
day at noon in Dinkelspiel Au
ditorium.

DEBATER —Bart Lytton, pres
ident of Lytton Savings and
Loan Association will debate
Arnold H. Maremont, president
of Mareinont Corporation on
"The Social Responsibility of
Business — Vice or Virtue?" to
day at noon in Dinkelspiel Au
ditorium.

DEBATER —Bart Lytton, pres
ident of Lytton Savings and
Loan Association will debate
Arnold H. Maremont, president
of Mareinont Corporation on
"The Social Responsibility of
Business — Vice or Virtue?" to
day at noon in Dinkelspiel Au
ditorium.

DEBATER —Bart Lytton, pres
ident of Lytton Savings and
Loan Association will debate
Arnold H. Maremont, president
of Mareinont Corporation on
"The Social Responsibility of
Business — Vice or Virtue?" to
day at noon in Dinkelspiel Au
ditorium.

DEBATER —Bart Lytton, pres
ident of Lytton Savings and
Loan Association will debate
Arnold H. Maremont, president
of Mareinont Corporation on
"The Social Responsibility of
Business — Vice or Virtue?" to
day at noon in Dinkelspiel Au
ditorium.
