# Saturday Deadline For Bill Payments
## 
### 
Deadline for board and room
payments is Saturday.
Bills are payable either at the
cashier's office in the Administra
tion Building or at the newly
opened cashier's office in the Vil
lage Administration Building lob
by. The latter office is open from
9:30 a.m. until noon and from 1
until 3:30 p.m. during the week.
On Saturday it will be open from
9:30 until 11 a.m.
Deadline for board and room
payments is Saturday.
Bills are payable either at the
cashier's office in the Administra
tion Building or at the newly
opened cashier's office in the Vil
lage Administration Building lob
by. The latter office is open from
9:30 a.m. until noon and from 1
until 3:30 p.m. during the week.
On Saturday it will be open from
9:30 until 11 a.m.
Deadline for board and room
payments is Saturday.
Bills are payable either at the
cashier's office in the Administra
tion Building or at the newly
opened cashier's office in the Vil
lage Administration Building lob
by. The latter office is open from
9:30 a.m. until noon and from 1
until 3:30 p.m. during the week.
On Saturday it will be open from
9:30 until 11 a.m.
Deadline for board and room
payments is Saturday.
Bills are payable either at the
cashier's office in the Administra
tion Building or at the newly
opened cashier's office in the Vil
lage Administration Building lob
by. The latter office is open from
9:30 a.m. until noon and from 1
until 3:30 p.m. during the week.
On Saturday it will be open from
9:30 until 11 a.m.
Deadline for board and room
payments is Saturday.
Bills are payable either at the
cashier's office in the Administra
tion Building or at the newly
opened cashier's office in the Vil
lage Administration Building lob
by. The latter office is open from
9:30 a.m. until noon and from 1
until 3:30 p.m. during the week.
On Saturday it will be open from
9:30 until 11 a.m.
Deadline for board and room
payments is Saturday.
Bills are payable either at the
cashier's office in the Administra
tion Building or at the newly
opened cashier's office in the Vil
lage Administration Building lob
by. The latter office is open from
9:30 a.m. until noon and from 1
until 3:30 p.m. during the week.
On Saturday it will be open from
9:30 until 11 a.m.
Deadline for board and room
payments is Saturday.
Bills are payable either at the
cashier's office in the Administra
tion Building or at the newly
opened cashier's office in the Vil
lage Administration Building lob
by. The latter office is open from
9:30 a.m. until noon and from 1
until 3:30 p.m. during the week.
On Saturday it will be open from
9:30 until 11 a.m.
Deadline for board and room
payments is Saturday.
Bills are payable either at the
cashier's office in the Administra
tion Building or at the newly
opened cashier's office in the Vil
lage Administration Building lob
by. The latter office is open from
9:30 a.m. until noon and from 1
until 3:30 p.m. during the week.
On Saturday it will be open from
9:30 until 11 a.m.
Deadline for board and room
payments is Saturday.
Bills are payable either at the
cashier's office in the Administra
tion Building or at the newly
opened cashier's office in the Vil
lage Administration Building lob
by. The latter office is open from
9:30 a.m. until noon and from 1
until 3:30 p.m. during the week.
On Saturday it will be open from
9:30 until 11 a.m.
Deadline for board and room
payments is Saturday.
Bills are payable either at the
cashier's office in the Administra
tion Building or at the newly
opened cashier's office in the Vil
lage Administration Building lob
by. The latter office is open from
9:30 a.m. until noon and from 1
until 3:30 p.m. during the week.
On Saturday it will be open from
9:30 until 11 a.m.
Deadline for board and room
payments is Saturday.
Bills are payable either at the
cashier's office in the Administra
tion Building or at the newly
opened cashier's office in the Vil
lage Administration Building lob
by. The latter office is open from
9:30 a.m. until noon and from 1
until 3:30 p.m. during the week.
On Saturday it will be open from
9:30 until 11 a.m.
Deadline for board and room
payments is Saturday.
Bills are payable either at the
cashier's office in the Administra
tion Building or at the newly
opened cashier's office in the Vil
lage Administration Building lob
by. The latter office is open from
9:30 a.m. until noon and from 1
until 3:30 p.m. during the week.
On Saturday it will be open from
9:30 until 11 a.m.
Deadline for board and room
payments is Saturday.
Bills are payable either at the
cashier's office in the Administra
tion Building or at the newly
opened cashier's office in the Vil
lage Administration Building lob
by. The latter office is open from
9:30 a.m. until noon and from 1
until 3:30 p.m. during the week.
On Saturday it will be open from
9:30 until 11 a.m.
Deadline for board and room
payments is Saturday.
Bills are payable either at the
cashier's office in the Administra
tion Building or at the newly
opened cashier's office in the Vil
lage Administration Building lob
by. The latter office is open from
9:30 a.m. until noon and from 1
until 3:30 p.m. during the week.
On Saturday it will be open from
9:30 until 11 a.m.
Deadline for board and room
payments is Saturday.
Bills are payable either at the
cashier's office in the Administra
tion Building or at the newly
opened cashier's office in the Vil
lage Administration Building lob
by. The latter office is open from
9:30 a.m. until noon and from 1
until 3:30 p.m. during the week.
On Saturday it will be open from
9:30 until 11 a.m.
