# International Group Plans Sunday Meeting
## 
### 
International Club will hold its
first meeting of the quarter Sunday
evening at 7:30 at the home of Ed
win Thomas. 365 Lincoln Avenue,
Palo Alto.
A speaker from the Philippines
will be featured, and a new co
chairman will be elected to succeed
Haiti Balkanli, who has announced
his resignation.
Foreign students are especially
urged to attend, and ail students
and facility members are invited.
International Club will hold its
first meeting of the quarter Sunday
evening at 7:30 at the home of Ed
win Thomas. 365 Lincoln Avenue,
Palo Alto.
A speaker from the Philippines
will be featured, and a new co
chairman will be elected to succeed
Haiti Balkanli, who has announced
his resignation.
Foreign students are especially
urged to attend, and ail students
and facility members are invited.
International Club will hold its
first meeting of the quarter Sunday
evening at 7:30 at the home of Ed
win Thomas. 365 Lincoln Avenue,
Palo Alto.
A speaker from the Philippines
will be featured, and a new co
chairman will be elected to succeed
Haiti Balkanli, who has announced
his resignation.
Foreign students are especially
urged to attend, and ail students
and facility members are invited.
International Club will hold its
first meeting of the quarter Sunday
evening at 7:30 at the home of Ed
win Thomas. 365 Lincoln Avenue,
Palo Alto.
A speaker from the Philippines
will be featured, and a new co
chairman will be elected to succeed
Haiti Balkanli, who has announced
his resignation.
Foreign students are especially
urged to attend, and ail students
and facility members are invited.
International Club will hold its
first meeting of the quarter Sunday
evening at 7:30 at the home of Ed
win Thomas. 365 Lincoln Avenue,
Palo Alto.
A speaker from the Philippines
will be featured, and a new co
chairman will be elected to succeed
Haiti Balkanli, who has announced
his resignation.
Foreign students are especially
urged to attend, and ail students
and facility members are invited.
International Club will hold its
first meeting of the quarter Sunday
evening at 7:30 at the home of Ed
win Thomas. 365 Lincoln Avenue,
Palo Alto.
A speaker from the Philippines
will be featured, and a new co
chairman will be elected to succeed
Haiti Balkanli, who has announced
his resignation.
Foreign students are especially
urged to attend, and ail students
and facility members are invited.
International Club will hold its
first meeting of the quarter Sunday
evening at 7:30 at the home of Ed
win Thomas. 365 Lincoln Avenue,
Palo Alto.
A speaker from the Philippines
will be featured, and a new co
chairman will be elected to succeed
Haiti Balkanli, who has announced
his resignation.
Foreign students are especially
urged to attend, and ail students
and facility members are invited.
International Club will hold its
first meeting of the quarter Sunday
evening at 7:30 at the home of Ed
win Thomas. 365 Lincoln Avenue,
Palo Alto.
A speaker from the Philippines
will be featured, and a new co
chairman will be elected to succeed
Haiti Balkanli, who has announced
his resignation.
Foreign students are especially
urged to attend, and ail students
and facility members are invited.
International Club will hold its
first meeting of the quarter Sunday
evening at 7:30 at the home of Ed
win Thomas. 365 Lincoln Avenue,
Palo Alto.
A speaker from the Philippines
will be featured, and a new co
chairman will be elected to succeed
Haiti Balkanli, who has announced
his resignation.
Foreign students are especially
urged to attend, and ail students
and facility members are invited.
International Club will hold its
first meeting of the quarter Sunday
evening at 7:30 at the home of Ed
win Thomas. 365 Lincoln Avenue,
Palo Alto.
A speaker from the Philippines
will be featured, and a new co
chairman will be elected to succeed
Haiti Balkanli, who has announced
his resignation.
Foreign students are especially
urged to attend, and ail students
and facility members are invited.
International Club will hold its
first meeting of the quarter Sunday
evening at 7:30 at the home of Ed
win Thomas. 365 Lincoln Avenue,
Palo Alto.
A speaker from the Philippines
will be featured, and a new co
chairman will be elected to succeed
Haiti Balkanli, who has announced
his resignation.
Foreign students are especially
urged to attend, and ail students
and facility members are invited.
International Club will hold its
first meeting of the quarter Sunday
evening at 7:30 at the home of Ed
win Thomas. 365 Lincoln Avenue,
Palo Alto.
A speaker from the Philippines
will be featured, and a new co
chairman will be elected to succeed
Haiti Balkanli, who has announced
his resignation.
Foreign students are especially
urged to attend, and ail students
and facility members are invited.
International Club will hold its
first meeting of the quarter Sunday
evening at 7:30 at the home of Ed
win Thomas. 365 Lincoln Avenue,
Palo Alto.
A speaker from the Philippines
will be featured, and a new co
chairman will be elected to succeed
Haiti Balkanli, who has announced
his resignation.
Foreign students are especially
urged to attend, and ail students
and facility members are invited.
International Club will hold its
first meeting of the quarter Sunday
evening at 7:30 at the home of Ed
win Thomas. 365 Lincoln Avenue,
Palo Alto.
A speaker from the Philippines
will be featured, and a new co
chairman will be elected to succeed
Haiti Balkanli, who has announced
his resignation.
Foreign students are especially
urged to attend, and ail students
and facility members are invited.
International Club will hold its
first meeting of the quarter Sunday
evening at 7:30 at the home of Ed
win Thomas. 365 Lincoln Avenue,
Palo Alto.
A speaker from the Philippines
will be featured, and a new co
chairman will be elected to succeed
Haiti Balkanli, who has announced
his resignation.
Foreign students are especially
urged to attend, and ail students
and facility members are invited.
