# ORCHESTRA WILL PLAY AT "CHRISTOPHER, JR."
## 
### 
The University Orchestra, under the
direction of J. P. Miller, will furnish
the music for the play "Christopher,
Jr.," to-morrow night. The instru
mentation consists of twenty-one
pieces, including four first violins;
three second violins; two 'cellos; basu
viol; bassoon; first and second clari
onets; flute; first and second cornets;
first and second trombones; drums and
tympani.
An elaborte and especially prepared
program has been obtained for the oc
casion. This contains seven selections
as follows: "Coronation March" from
"Le Prophet." Meyerbeer; March,
"Tartar of the Noury," Cobb; In
termezzo, "After Sunset," Pryor; "Pas
tel Minuet," Paradis; "Piquante" Valse,
Lehar. Selection from "Lucia dl
Lammermoor," Donezetti; Exit March
"Favorite Regiment."
