# Quads.
## 
### 
—Mrs. Ira Tisdale, ne£ Wilson,
died at her home in Houston, Tex
as, on March 25th. Miss Edith
Wilson was a student at Stanford
during 1900-01.
— Miss M. H. Brown, '03, and
Miss M. L. Caldwell, '01, have fin
ished the translation of a book by
Albert Vandernaillen, which is the
sequel to "In the Sanctuary," by
the same author. It will be pub
lished in Paris and New York in
the near future.
—Stanford has just received
from Charles A. Vogelsang, deputy
fish commissioner, a specimen of
the snake eel, taken on the shore at
West Berkeley by Charles Richter.
This eel is about two and a half
feet long, yellowish in color with
black spots, the species being
Ophichthus triserialis. It is a
Mexican fish. It has been twice
taken in Monterey Bay but never
before so far north as Berkeley.
