# U. B. C. COMPETES
## 
### 
Another contender for honors in ath
letics on the Coast will appear in the
University of British Columbia, which
has arranged a schedule with the Uni
versity of Washington for football,
basketball, and track competition.
Rowing regattas are also being con
sidered.
Another contender for honors in ath
letics on the Coast will appear in the
University of British Columbia, which
has arranged a schedule with the Uni
versity of Washington for football,
basketball, and track competition.
Rowing regattas are also being con
sidered.
Another contender for honors in ath
letics on the Coast will appear in the
University of British Columbia, which
has arranged a schedule with the Uni
versity of Washington for football,
basketball, and track competition.
Rowing regattas are also being con
sidered.
Another contender for honors in ath
letics on the Coast will appear in the
University of British Columbia, which
has arranged a schedule with the Uni
versity of Washington for football,
basketball, and track competition.
Rowing regattas are also being con
sidered.
Another contender for honors in ath
letics on the Coast will appear in the
University of British Columbia, which
has arranged a schedule with the Uni
versity of Washington for football,
basketball, and track competition.
Rowing regattas are also being con
sidered.
Another contender for honors in ath
letics on the Coast will appear in the
University of British Columbia, which
has arranged a schedule with the Uni
versity of Washington for football,
basketball, and track competition.
Rowing regattas are also being con
sidered.
Another contender for honors in ath
letics on the Coast will appear in the
University of British Columbia, which
has arranged a schedule with the Uni
versity of Washington for football,
basketball, and track competition.
Rowing regattas are also being con
sidered.
Another contender for honors in ath
letics on the Coast will appear in the
University of British Columbia, which
has arranged a schedule with the Uni
versity of Washington for football,
basketball, and track competition.
Rowing regattas are also being con
sidered.
Another contender for honors in ath
letics on the Coast will appear in the
University of British Columbia, which
has arranged a schedule with the Uni
versity of Washington for football,
basketball, and track competition.
Rowing regattas are also being con
sidered.
Another contender for honors in ath
letics on the Coast will appear in the
University of British Columbia, which
has arranged a schedule with the Uni
versity of Washington for football,
basketball, and track competition.
Rowing regattas are also being con
sidered.
Another contender for honors in ath
letics on the Coast will appear in the
University of British Columbia, which
has arranged a schedule with the Uni
versity of Washington for football,
basketball, and track competition.
Rowing regattas are also being con
sidered.
Another contender for honors in ath
letics on the Coast will appear in the
University of British Columbia, which
has arranged a schedule with the Uni
versity of Washington for football,
basketball, and track competition.
Rowing regattas are also being con
sidered.
Another contender for honors in ath
letics on the Coast will appear in the
University of British Columbia, which
has arranged a schedule with the Uni
versity of Washington for football,
basketball, and track competition.
Rowing regattas are also being con
sidered.
Another contender for honors in ath
letics on the Coast will appear in the
University of British Columbia, which
has arranged a schedule with the Uni
versity of Washington for football,
basketball, and track competition.
Rowing regattas are also being con
sidered.
Another contender for honors in ath
letics on the Coast will appear in the
University of British Columbia, which
has arranged a schedule with the Uni
versity of Washington for football,
basketball, and track competition.
Rowing regattas are also being con
sidered.
