# 75 VARSITY TRACK ASPIRANTS REPORT FOR FALL PRACTICE
## 
### 
Seventy-five candidates for the var
sity track team reported Monday to
Coach Dink Templeton for fall prac
tice. Of this number, four are letter
men and six are sophomores who made
numerals on the cinder path la3t
spring.
The first workout of the season con
sisted of a cross-country run of some
what more than a mile for all the
candidates, field men included.
The varsity lettermen reporting for
the workout were: Ted Miller, quarter
miler; Bill Kerr, distance man; Chet
Ross, pole-vaulter; and Louis Caspar,
sprinter. Block '28 men on hand were
Ross Nichols, captain of the frosh
team; Ranney, Nelson, Collins, Carl
smith, and King.
Workouts will be continued every
afternoon throughout the quarter, al
though men enrolled in the class for
physical education credit are required
to report but three times weekly.
Seventy-five candidates for the var
sity track team reported Monday to
Coach Dink Templeton for fall prac
tice. Of this number, four are letter
men and six are sophomores who made
numerals on the cinder path la3t
spring.
The first workout of the season con
sisted of a cross-country run of some
what more than a mile for all the
candidates, field men included.
The varsity lettermen reporting for
the workout were: Ted Miller, quarter
miler; Bill Kerr, distance man; Chet
Ross, pole-vaulter; and Louis Caspar,
sprinter. Block '28 men on hand were
Ross Nichols, captain of the frosh
team; Ranney, Nelson, Collins, Carl
smith, and King.
Workouts will be continued every
afternoon throughout the quarter, al
though men enrolled in the class for
physical education credit are required
to report but three times weekly.
Seventy-five candidates for the var
sity track team reported Monday to
Coach Dink Templeton for fall prac
tice. Of this number, four are letter
men and six are sophomores who made
numerals on the cinder path la3t
spring.
The first workout of the season con
sisted of a cross-country run of some
what more than a mile for all the
candidates, field men included.
The varsity lettermen reporting for
the workout were: Ted Miller, quarter
miler; Bill Kerr, distance man; Chet
Ross, pole-vaulter; and Louis Caspar,
sprinter. Block '28 men on hand were
Ross Nichols, captain of the frosh
team; Ranney, Nelson, Collins, Carl
smith, and King.
Workouts will be continued every
afternoon throughout the quarter, al
though men enrolled in the class for
physical education credit are required
to report but three times weekly.
Seventy-five candidates for the var
sity track team reported Monday to
Coach Dink Templeton for fall prac
tice. Of this number, four are letter
men and six are sophomores who made
numerals on the cinder path la3t
spring.
The first workout of the season con
sisted of a cross-country run of some
what more than a mile for all the
candidates, field men included.
The varsity lettermen reporting for
the workout were: Ted Miller, quarter
miler; Bill Kerr, distance man; Chet
Ross, pole-vaulter; and Louis Caspar,
sprinter. Block '28 men on hand were
Ross Nichols, captain of the frosh
team; Ranney, Nelson, Collins, Carl
smith, and King.
Workouts will be continued every
afternoon throughout the quarter, al
though men enrolled in the class for
physical education credit are required
to report but three times weekly.
Seventy-five candidates for the var
sity track team reported Monday to
Coach Dink Templeton for fall prac
tice. Of this number, four are letter
men and six are sophomores who made
numerals on the cinder path la3t
spring.
The first workout of the season con
sisted of a cross-country run of some
what more than a mile for all the
candidates, field men included.
The varsity lettermen reporting for
the workout were: Ted Miller, quarter
miler; Bill Kerr, distance man; Chet
Ross, pole-vaulter; and Louis Caspar,
sprinter. Block '28 men on hand were
Ross Nichols, captain of the frosh
team; Ranney, Nelson, Collins, Carl
smith, and King.
Workouts will be continued every
afternoon throughout the quarter, al
though men enrolled in the class for
physical education credit are required
to report but three times weekly.
Seventy-five candidates for the var
sity track team reported Monday to
Coach Dink Templeton for fall prac
tice. Of this number, four are letter
men and six are sophomores who made
numerals on the cinder path la3t
spring.
The first workout of the season con
sisted of a cross-country run of some
what more than a mile for all the
candidates, field men included.
The varsity lettermen reporting for
the workout were: Ted Miller, quarter
miler; Bill Kerr, distance man; Chet
Ross, pole-vaulter; and Louis Caspar,
sprinter. Block '28 men on hand were
Ross Nichols, captain of the frosh
team; Ranney, Nelson, Collins, Carl
smith, and King.
Workouts will be continued every
afternoon throughout the quarter, al
though men enrolled in the class for
physical education credit are required
to report but three times weekly.
Seventy-five candidates for the var
sity track team reported Monday to
Coach Dink Templeton for fall prac
tice. Of this number, four are letter
men and six are sophomores who made
numerals on the cinder path la3t
spring.
The first workout of the season con
sisted of a cross-country run of some
what more than a mile for all the
candidates, field men included.
The varsity lettermen reporting for
the workout were: Ted Miller, quarter
miler; Bill Kerr, distance man; Chet
Ross, pole-vaulter; and Louis Caspar,
sprinter. Block '28 men on hand were
Ross Nichols, captain of the frosh
team; Ranney, Nelson, Collins, Carl
smith, and King.
Workouts will be continued every
afternoon throughout the quarter, al
though men enrolled in the class for
physical education credit are required
to report but three times weekly.
Seventy-five candidates for the var
sity track team reported Monday to
Coach Dink Templeton for fall prac
tice. Of this number, four are letter
men and six are sophomores who made
numerals on the cinder path la3t
spring.
The first workout of the season con
sisted of a cross-country run of some
what more than a mile for all the
candidates, field men included.
The varsity lettermen reporting for
the workout were: Ted Miller, quarter
miler; Bill Kerr, distance man; Chet
Ross, pole-vaulter; and Louis Caspar,
sprinter. Block '28 men on hand were
Ross Nichols, captain of the frosh
team; Ranney, Nelson, Collins, Carl
smith, and King.
Workouts will be continued every
afternoon throughout the quarter, al
though men enrolled in the class for
physical education credit are required
to report but three times weekly.
Seventy-five candidates for the var
sity track team reported Monday to
Coach Dink Templeton for fall prac
tice. Of this number, four are letter
men and six are sophomores who made
numerals on the cinder path la3t
spring.
The first workout of the season con
sisted of a cross-country run of some
what more than a mile for all the
candidates, field men included.
The varsity lettermen reporting for
the workout were: Ted Miller, quarter
miler; Bill Kerr, distance man; Chet
Ross, pole-vaulter; and Louis Caspar,
sprinter. Block '28 men on hand were
Ross Nichols, captain of the frosh
team; Ranney, Nelson, Collins, Carl
smith, and King.
Workouts will be continued every
afternoon throughout the quarter, al
though men enrolled in the class for
physical education credit are required
to report but three times weekly.
Seventy-five candidates for the var
sity track team reported Monday to
Coach Dink Templeton for fall prac
tice. Of this number, four are letter
men and six are sophomores who made
numerals on the cinder path la3t
spring.
The first workout of the season con
sisted of a cross-country run of some
what more than a mile for all the
candidates, field men included.
The varsity lettermen reporting for
the workout were: Ted Miller, quarter
miler; Bill Kerr, distance man; Chet
Ross, pole-vaulter; and Louis Caspar,
sprinter. Block '28 men on hand were
Ross Nichols, captain of the frosh
team; Ranney, Nelson, Collins, Carl
smith, and King.
Workouts will be continued every
afternoon throughout the quarter, al
though men enrolled in the class for
physical education credit are required
to report but three times weekly.
Seventy-five candidates for the var
sity track team reported Monday to
Coach Dink Templeton for fall prac
tice. Of this number, four are letter
men and six are sophomores who made
numerals on the cinder path la3t
spring.
The first workout of the season con
sisted of a cross-country run of some
what more than a mile for all the
candidates, field men included.
The varsity lettermen reporting for
the workout were: Ted Miller, quarter
miler; Bill Kerr, distance man; Chet
Ross, pole-vaulter; and Louis Caspar,
sprinter. Block '28 men on hand were
Ross Nichols, captain of the frosh
team; Ranney, Nelson, Collins, Carl
smith, and King.
Workouts will be continued every
afternoon throughout the quarter, al
though men enrolled in the class for
physical education credit are required
to report but three times weekly.
Seventy-five candidates for the var
sity track team reported Monday to
Coach Dink Templeton for fall prac
tice. Of this number, four are letter
men and six are sophomores who made
numerals on the cinder path la3t
spring.
The first workout of the season con
sisted of a cross-country run of some
what more than a mile for all the
candidates, field men included.
The varsity lettermen reporting for
the workout were: Ted Miller, quarter
miler; Bill Kerr, distance man; Chet
Ross, pole-vaulter; and Louis Caspar,
sprinter. Block '28 men on hand were
Ross Nichols, captain of the frosh
team; Ranney, Nelson, Collins, Carl
smith, and King.
Workouts will be continued every
afternoon throughout the quarter, al
though men enrolled in the class for
physical education credit are required
to report but three times weekly.
Seventy-five candidates for the var
sity track team reported Monday to
Coach Dink Templeton for fall prac
tice. Of this number, four are letter
men and six are sophomores who made
numerals on the cinder path la3t
spring.
The first workout of the season con
sisted of a cross-country run of some
what more than a mile for all the
candidates, field men included.
The varsity lettermen reporting for
the workout were: Ted Miller, quarter
miler; Bill Kerr, distance man; Chet
Ross, pole-vaulter; and Louis Caspar,
sprinter. Block '28 men on hand were
Ross Nichols, captain of the frosh
team; Ranney, Nelson, Collins, Carl
smith, and King.
Workouts will be continued every
afternoon throughout the quarter, al
though men enrolled in the class for
physical education credit are required
to report but three times weekly.
Seventy-five candidates for the var
sity track team reported Monday to
Coach Dink Templeton for fall prac
tice. Of this number, four are letter
men and six are sophomores who made
numerals on the cinder path la3t
spring.
The first workout of the season con
sisted of a cross-country run of some
what more than a mile for all the
candidates, field men included.
The varsity lettermen reporting for
the workout were: Ted Miller, quarter
miler; Bill Kerr, distance man; Chet
Ross, pole-vaulter; and Louis Caspar,
sprinter. Block '28 men on hand were
Ross Nichols, captain of the frosh
team; Ranney, Nelson, Collins, Carl
smith, and King.
Workouts will be continued every
afternoon throughout the quarter, al
though men enrolled in the class for
physical education credit are required
to report but three times weekly.
Seventy-five candidates for the var
sity track team reported Monday to
Coach Dink Templeton for fall prac
tice. Of this number, four are letter
men and six are sophomores who made
numerals on the cinder path la3t
spring.
The first workout of the season con
sisted of a cross-country run of some
what more than a mile for all the
candidates, field men included.
The varsity lettermen reporting for
the workout were: Ted Miller, quarter
miler; Bill Kerr, distance man; Chet
Ross, pole-vaulter; and Louis Caspar,
sprinter. Block '28 men on hand were
Ross Nichols, captain of the frosh
team; Ranney, Nelson, Collins, Carl
smith, and King.
Workouts will be continued every
afternoon throughout the quarter, al
though men enrolled in the class for
physical education credit are required
to report but three times weekly.
