# GLEE CLUB ADMITS SIXTEEN MORE MEN AT FINAL TRYOUTS
## 
### 
Sixteen more men were admitted to
membership in the Stanford Glee Club
in the final tryouts held yesterday
afternoon in Room 84, Inner Quad.
This brings the total number of new
voices in the club to thirty, who were
chosen from the sixty men who ap- j
peared for the two tryouts.
The men successful are: Walter H.
Heineman, Marcel E. Touwaide, Henry
Robert, R. J. Seymour, James White,
Neil A. Miller, Robert Edgren, Hub
bard Moffit, Dudley Fry, T. T. Daniel,
Rollin Sanders, Clarence Young, Bert
Brown, Arthur Steele, Charles E.
Smith, and H. F. Smith.
Warren D. Allen announces a regular
rehearsal to be held next Monday
afternoon in Room 84, Inner Quad. All
members, new and old, are to be pres
ent. Plans will be discussed for com
ing concerts on the campus and else
where.
Practice will begin at once on the
new repertoire of the club which will
be sung during the coining season.
"The Volga Boatmen's Song" is among
the selections on the list. There are
several new humorous numbers on the
program, including "The Cerebral
Dinosaur," that are expected to prove
popular. There will also be a group
of negro spirituals and two modern
English songs by Gustav Hoist.
Besides these new songs the club's
program will contain several clever
acts and skits.
The schedule for the year is a full
one and will include two campus con
certs instead of one, as formerly. A
concert may be given in Sacramento
during the Christmas vacation. The
climax of the season will be the tour
of Washington and Oregon in the
spring quarter for which dates have
already been arranged by Delmer
Daves, Glee Club manager.
Sixteen more men were admitted to
membership in the Stanford Glee Club
in the final tryouts held yesterday
afternoon in Room 84, Inner Quad.
This brings the total number of new
voices in the club to thirty, who were
chosen from the sixty men who ap- j
peared for the two tryouts.
The men successful are: Walter H.
Heineman, Marcel E. Touwaide, Henry
Robert, R. J. Seymour, James White,
Neil A. Miller, Robert Edgren, Hub
bard Moffit, Dudley Fry, T. T. Daniel,
Rollin Sanders, Clarence Young, Bert
Brown, Arthur Steele, Charles E.
Smith, and H. F. Smith.
Warren D. Allen announces a regular
rehearsal to be held next Monday
afternoon in Room 84, Inner Quad. All
members, new and old, are to be pres
ent. Plans will be discussed for com
ing concerts on the campus and else
where.
Practice will begin at once on the
new repertoire of the club which will
be sung during the coining season.
"The Volga Boatmen's Song" is among
the selections on the list. There are
several new humorous numbers on the
program, including "The Cerebral
Dinosaur," that are expected to prove
popular. There will also be a group
of negro spirituals and two modern
English songs by Gustav Hoist.
Besides these new songs the club's
program will contain several clever
acts and skits.
The schedule for the year is a full
one and will include two campus con
certs instead of one, as formerly. A
concert may be given in Sacramento
during the Christmas vacation. The
climax of the season will be the tour
of Washington and Oregon in the
spring quarter for which dates have
already been arranged by Delmer
Daves, Glee Club manager.
Sixteen more men were admitted to
membership in the Stanford Glee Club
in the final tryouts held yesterday
afternoon in Room 84, Inner Quad.
This brings the total number of new
voices in the club to thirty, who were
chosen from the sixty men who ap- j
peared for the two tryouts.
The men successful are: Walter H.
Heineman, Marcel E. Touwaide, Henry
Robert, R. J. Seymour, James White,
Neil A. Miller, Robert Edgren, Hub
bard Moffit, Dudley Fry, T. T. Daniel,
Rollin Sanders, Clarence Young, Bert
Brown, Arthur Steele, Charles E.
Smith, and H. F. Smith.
Warren D. Allen announces a regular
rehearsal to be held next Monday
afternoon in Room 84, Inner Quad. All
members, new and old, are to be pres
ent. Plans will be discussed for com
ing concerts on the campus and else
where.
Practice will begin at once on the
new repertoire of the club which will
be sung during the coining season.
"The Volga Boatmen's Song" is among
the selections on the list. There are
several new humorous numbers on the
program, including "The Cerebral
Dinosaur," that are expected to prove
popular. There will also be a group
of negro spirituals and two modern
English songs by Gustav Hoist.
Besides these new songs the club's
program will contain several clever
acts and skits.
The schedule for the year is a full
one and will include two campus con
certs instead of one, as formerly. A
concert may be given in Sacramento
during the Christmas vacation. The
climax of the season will be the tour
of Washington and Oregon in the
spring quarter for which dates have
already been arranged by Delmer
Daves, Glee Club manager.
Sixteen more men were admitted to
membership in the Stanford Glee Club
in the final tryouts held yesterday
afternoon in Room 84, Inner Quad.
This brings the total number of new
voices in the club to thirty, who were
chosen from the sixty men who ap- j
peared for the two tryouts.
The men successful are: Walter H.
Heineman, Marcel E. Touwaide, Henry
Robert, R. J. Seymour, James White,
Neil A. Miller, Robert Edgren, Hub
bard Moffit, Dudley Fry, T. T. Daniel,
Rollin Sanders, Clarence Young, Bert
Brown, Arthur Steele, Charles E.
Smith, and H. F. Smith.
Warren D. Allen announces a regular
rehearsal to be held next Monday
afternoon in Room 84, Inner Quad. All
members, new and old, are to be pres
ent. Plans will be discussed for com
ing concerts on the campus and else
where.
Practice will begin at once on the
new repertoire of the club which will
be sung during the coining season.
"The Volga Boatmen's Song" is among
the selections on the list. There are
several new humorous numbers on the
program, including "The Cerebral
Dinosaur," that are expected to prove
popular. There will also be a group
of negro spirituals and two modern
English songs by Gustav Hoist.
Besides these new songs the club's
program will contain several clever
acts and skits.
The schedule for the year is a full
one and will include two campus con
certs instead of one, as formerly. A
concert may be given in Sacramento
during the Christmas vacation. The
climax of the season will be the tour
of Washington and Oregon in the
spring quarter for which dates have
already been arranged by Delmer
Daves, Glee Club manager.
Sixteen more men were admitted to
membership in the Stanford Glee Club
in the final tryouts held yesterday
afternoon in Room 84, Inner Quad.
This brings the total number of new
voices in the club to thirty, who were
chosen from the sixty men who ap- j
peared for the two tryouts.
The men successful are: Walter H.
Heineman, Marcel E. Touwaide, Henry
Robert, R. J. Seymour, James White,
Neil A. Miller, Robert Edgren, Hub
bard Moffit, Dudley Fry, T. T. Daniel,
Rollin Sanders, Clarence Young, Bert
Brown, Arthur Steele, Charles E.
Smith, and H. F. Smith.
Warren D. Allen announces a regular
rehearsal to be held next Monday
afternoon in Room 84, Inner Quad. All
members, new and old, are to be pres
ent. Plans will be discussed for com
ing concerts on the campus and else
where.
Practice will begin at once on the
new repertoire of the club which will
be sung during the coining season.
"The Volga Boatmen's Song" is among
the selections on the list. There are
several new humorous numbers on the
program, including "The Cerebral
Dinosaur," that are expected to prove
popular. There will also be a group
of negro spirituals and two modern
English songs by Gustav Hoist.
Besides these new songs the club's
program will contain several clever
acts and skits.
The schedule for the year is a full
one and will include two campus con
certs instead of one, as formerly. A
concert may be given in Sacramento
during the Christmas vacation. The
climax of the season will be the tour
of Washington and Oregon in the
spring quarter for which dates have
already been arranged by Delmer
Daves, Glee Club manager.
Sixteen more men were admitted to
membership in the Stanford Glee Club
in the final tryouts held yesterday
afternoon in Room 84, Inner Quad.
This brings the total number of new
voices in the club to thirty, who were
chosen from the sixty men who ap- j
peared for the two tryouts.
The men successful are: Walter H.
Heineman, Marcel E. Touwaide, Henry
Robert, R. J. Seymour, James White,
Neil A. Miller, Robert Edgren, Hub
bard Moffit, Dudley Fry, T. T. Daniel,
Rollin Sanders, Clarence Young, Bert
Brown, Arthur Steele, Charles E.
Smith, and H. F. Smith.
Warren D. Allen announces a regular
rehearsal to be held next Monday
afternoon in Room 84, Inner Quad. All
members, new and old, are to be pres
ent. Plans will be discussed for com
ing concerts on the campus and else
where.
Practice will begin at once on the
new repertoire of the club which will
be sung during the coining season.
"The Volga Boatmen's Song" is among
the selections on the list. There are
several new humorous numbers on the
program, including "The Cerebral
Dinosaur," that are expected to prove
popular. There will also be a group
of negro spirituals and two modern
English songs by Gustav Hoist.
Besides these new songs the club's
program will contain several clever
acts and skits.
The schedule for the year is a full
one and will include two campus con
certs instead of one, as formerly. A
concert may be given in Sacramento
during the Christmas vacation. The
climax of the season will be the tour
of Washington and Oregon in the
spring quarter for which dates have
already been arranged by Delmer
Daves, Glee Club manager.
Sixteen more men were admitted to
membership in the Stanford Glee Club
in the final tryouts held yesterday
afternoon in Room 84, Inner Quad.
This brings the total number of new
voices in the club to thirty, who were
chosen from the sixty men who ap- j
peared for the two tryouts.
The men successful are: Walter H.
Heineman, Marcel E. Touwaide, Henry
Robert, R. J. Seymour, James White,
Neil A. Miller, Robert Edgren, Hub
bard Moffit, Dudley Fry, T. T. Daniel,
Rollin Sanders, Clarence Young, Bert
Brown, Arthur Steele, Charles E.
Smith, and H. F. Smith.
Warren D. Allen announces a regular
rehearsal to be held next Monday
afternoon in Room 84, Inner Quad. All
members, new and old, are to be pres
ent. Plans will be discussed for com
ing concerts on the campus and else
where.
Practice will begin at once on the
new repertoire of the club which will
be sung during the coining season.
"The Volga Boatmen's Song" is among
the selections on the list. There are
several new humorous numbers on the
program, including "The Cerebral
Dinosaur," that are expected to prove
popular. There will also be a group
of negro spirituals and two modern
English songs by Gustav Hoist.
Besides these new songs the club's
program will contain several clever
acts and skits.
The schedule for the year is a full
one and will include two campus con
certs instead of one, as formerly. A
concert may be given in Sacramento
during the Christmas vacation. The
climax of the season will be the tour
of Washington and Oregon in the
spring quarter for which dates have
already been arranged by Delmer
Daves, Glee Club manager.
Sixteen more men were admitted to
membership in the Stanford Glee Club
in the final tryouts held yesterday
afternoon in Room 84, Inner Quad.
This brings the total number of new
voices in the club to thirty, who were
chosen from the sixty men who ap- j
peared for the two tryouts.
The men successful are: Walter H.
Heineman, Marcel E. Touwaide, Henry
Robert, R. J. Seymour, James White,
Neil A. Miller, Robert Edgren, Hub
bard Moffit, Dudley Fry, T. T. Daniel,
Rollin Sanders, Clarence Young, Bert
Brown, Arthur Steele, Charles E.
Smith, and H. F. Smith.
Warren D. Allen announces a regular
rehearsal to be held next Monday
afternoon in Room 84, Inner Quad. All
members, new and old, are to be pres
ent. Plans will be discussed for com
ing concerts on the campus and else
where.
Practice will begin at once on the
new repertoire of the club which will
be sung during the coining season.
"The Volga Boatmen's Song" is among
the selections on the list. There are
several new humorous numbers on the
program, including "The Cerebral
Dinosaur," that are expected to prove
popular. There will also be a group
of negro spirituals and two modern
English songs by Gustav Hoist.
Besides these new songs the club's
program will contain several clever
acts and skits.
The schedule for the year is a full
one and will include two campus con
certs instead of one, as formerly. A
concert may be given in Sacramento
during the Christmas vacation. The
climax of the season will be the tour
of Washington and Oregon in the
spring quarter for which dates have
already been arranged by Delmer
Daves, Glee Club manager.
Sixteen more men were admitted to
membership in the Stanford Glee Club
in the final tryouts held yesterday
afternoon in Room 84, Inner Quad.
This brings the total number of new
voices in the club to thirty, who were
chosen from the sixty men who ap- j
peared for the two tryouts.
The men successful are: Walter H.
Heineman, Marcel E. Touwaide, Henry
Robert, R. J. Seymour, James White,
Neil A. Miller, Robert Edgren, Hub
bard Moffit, Dudley Fry, T. T. Daniel,
Rollin Sanders, Clarence Young, Bert
Brown, Arthur Steele, Charles E.
Smith, and H. F. Smith.
Warren D. Allen announces a regular
rehearsal to be held next Monday
afternoon in Room 84, Inner Quad. All
members, new and old, are to be pres
ent. Plans will be discussed for com
ing concerts on the campus and else
where.
Practice will begin at once on the
new repertoire of the club which will
be sung during the coining season.
"The Volga Boatmen's Song" is among
the selections on the list. There are
several new humorous numbers on the
program, including "The Cerebral
Dinosaur," that are expected to prove
popular. There will also be a group
of negro spirituals and two modern
English songs by Gustav Hoist.
Besides these new songs the club's
program will contain several clever
acts and skits.
The schedule for the year is a full
one and will include two campus con
certs instead of one, as formerly. A
concert may be given in Sacramento
during the Christmas vacation. The
climax of the season will be the tour
of Washington and Oregon in the
spring quarter for which dates have
already been arranged by Delmer
Daves, Glee Club manager.
Sixteen more men were admitted to
membership in the Stanford Glee Club
in the final tryouts held yesterday
afternoon in Room 84, Inner Quad.
This brings the total number of new
voices in the club to thirty, who were
chosen from the sixty men who ap- j
peared for the two tryouts.
The men successful are: Walter H.
Heineman, Marcel E. Touwaide, Henry
Robert, R. J. Seymour, James White,
Neil A. Miller, Robert Edgren, Hub
bard Moffit, Dudley Fry, T. T. Daniel,
Rollin Sanders, Clarence Young, Bert
Brown, Arthur Steele, Charles E.
Smith, and H. F. Smith.
Warren D. Allen announces a regular
rehearsal to be held next Monday
afternoon in Room 84, Inner Quad. All
members, new and old, are to be pres
ent. Plans will be discussed for com
ing concerts on the campus and else
where.
Practice will begin at once on the
new repertoire of the club which will
be sung during the coining season.
"The Volga Boatmen's Song" is among
the selections on the list. There are
several new humorous numbers on the
program, including "The Cerebral
Dinosaur," that are expected to prove
popular. There will also be a group
of negro spirituals and two modern
English songs by Gustav Hoist.
Besides these new songs the club's
program will contain several clever
acts and skits.
The schedule for the year is a full
one and will include two campus con
certs instead of one, as formerly. A
concert may be given in Sacramento
during the Christmas vacation. The
climax of the season will be the tour
of Washington and Oregon in the
spring quarter for which dates have
already been arranged by Delmer
Daves, Glee Club manager.
Sixteen more men were admitted to
membership in the Stanford Glee Club
in the final tryouts held yesterday
afternoon in Room 84, Inner Quad.
This brings the total number of new
voices in the club to thirty, who were
chosen from the sixty men who ap- j
peared for the two tryouts.
The men successful are: Walter H.
Heineman, Marcel E. Touwaide, Henry
Robert, R. J. Seymour, James White,
Neil A. Miller, Robert Edgren, Hub
bard Moffit, Dudley Fry, T. T. Daniel,
Rollin Sanders, Clarence Young, Bert
Brown, Arthur Steele, Charles E.
Smith, and H. F. Smith.
Warren D. Allen announces a regular
rehearsal to be held next Monday
afternoon in Room 84, Inner Quad. All
members, new and old, are to be pres
ent. Plans will be discussed for com
ing concerts on the campus and else
where.
Practice will begin at once on the
new repertoire of the club which will
be sung during the coining season.
"The Volga Boatmen's Song" is among
the selections on the list. There are
several new humorous numbers on the
program, including "The Cerebral
Dinosaur," that are expected to prove
popular. There will also be a group
of negro spirituals and two modern
English songs by Gustav Hoist.
Besides these new songs the club's
program will contain several clever
acts and skits.
The schedule for the year is a full
one and will include two campus con
certs instead of one, as formerly. A
concert may be given in Sacramento
during the Christmas vacation. The
climax of the season will be the tour
of Washington and Oregon in the
spring quarter for which dates have
already been arranged by Delmer
Daves, Glee Club manager.
Sixteen more men were admitted to
membership in the Stanford Glee Club
in the final tryouts held yesterday
afternoon in Room 84, Inner Quad.
This brings the total number of new
voices in the club to thirty, who were
chosen from the sixty men who ap- j
peared for the two tryouts.
The men successful are: Walter H.
Heineman, Marcel E. Touwaide, Henry
Robert, R. J. Seymour, James White,
Neil A. Miller, Robert Edgren, Hub
bard Moffit, Dudley Fry, T. T. Daniel,
Rollin Sanders, Clarence Young, Bert
Brown, Arthur Steele, Charles E.
Smith, and H. F. Smith.
Warren D. Allen announces a regular
rehearsal to be held next Monday
afternoon in Room 84, Inner Quad. All
members, new and old, are to be pres
ent. Plans will be discussed for com
ing concerts on the campus and else
where.
Practice will begin at once on the
new repertoire of the club which will
be sung during the coining season.
"The Volga Boatmen's Song" is among
the selections on the list. There are
several new humorous numbers on the
program, including "The Cerebral
Dinosaur," that are expected to prove
popular. There will also be a group
of negro spirituals and two modern
English songs by Gustav Hoist.
Besides these new songs the club's
program will contain several clever
acts and skits.
The schedule for the year is a full
one and will include two campus con
certs instead of one, as formerly. A
concert may be given in Sacramento
during the Christmas vacation. The
climax of the season will be the tour
of Washington and Oregon in the
spring quarter for which dates have
already been arranged by Delmer
Daves, Glee Club manager.
Sixteen more men were admitted to
membership in the Stanford Glee Club
in the final tryouts held yesterday
afternoon in Room 84, Inner Quad.
This brings the total number of new
voices in the club to thirty, who were
chosen from the sixty men who ap- j
peared for the two tryouts.
The men successful are: Walter H.
Heineman, Marcel E. Touwaide, Henry
Robert, R. J. Seymour, James White,
Neil A. Miller, Robert Edgren, Hub
bard Moffit, Dudley Fry, T. T. Daniel,
Rollin Sanders, Clarence Young, Bert
Brown, Arthur Steele, Charles E.
Smith, and H. F. Smith.
Warren D. Allen announces a regular
rehearsal to be held next Monday
afternoon in Room 84, Inner Quad. All
members, new and old, are to be pres
ent. Plans will be discussed for com
ing concerts on the campus and else
where.
Practice will begin at once on the
new repertoire of the club which will
be sung during the coining season.
"The Volga Boatmen's Song" is among
the selections on the list. There are
several new humorous numbers on the
program, including "The Cerebral
Dinosaur," that are expected to prove
popular. There will also be a group
of negro spirituals and two modern
English songs by Gustav Hoist.
Besides these new songs the club's
program will contain several clever
acts and skits.
The schedule for the year is a full
one and will include two campus con
certs instead of one, as formerly. A
concert may be given in Sacramento
during the Christmas vacation. The
climax of the season will be the tour
of Washington and Oregon in the
spring quarter for which dates have
already been arranged by Delmer
Daves, Glee Club manager.
Sixteen more men were admitted to
membership in the Stanford Glee Club
in the final tryouts held yesterday
afternoon in Room 84, Inner Quad.
This brings the total number of new
voices in the club to thirty, who were
chosen from the sixty men who ap- j
peared for the two tryouts.
The men successful are: Walter H.
Heineman, Marcel E. Touwaide, Henry
Robert, R. J. Seymour, James White,
Neil A. Miller, Robert Edgren, Hub
bard Moffit, Dudley Fry, T. T. Daniel,
Rollin Sanders, Clarence Young, Bert
Brown, Arthur Steele, Charles E.
Smith, and H. F. Smith.
Warren D. Allen announces a regular
rehearsal to be held next Monday
afternoon in Room 84, Inner Quad. All
members, new and old, are to be pres
ent. Plans will be discussed for com
ing concerts on the campus and else
where.
Practice will begin at once on the
new repertoire of the club which will
be sung during the coining season.
"The Volga Boatmen's Song" is among
the selections on the list. There are
several new humorous numbers on the
program, including "The Cerebral
Dinosaur," that are expected to prove
popular. There will also be a group
of negro spirituals and two modern
English songs by Gustav Hoist.
Besides these new songs the club's
program will contain several clever
acts and skits.
The schedule for the year is a full
one and will include two campus con
certs instead of one, as formerly. A
concert may be given in Sacramento
during the Christmas vacation. The
climax of the season will be the tour
of Washington and Oregon in the
spring quarter for which dates have
already been arranged by Delmer
Daves, Glee Club manager.
Sixteen more men were admitted to
membership in the Stanford Glee Club
in the final tryouts held yesterday
afternoon in Room 84, Inner Quad.
This brings the total number of new
voices in the club to thirty, who were
chosen from the sixty men who ap- j
peared for the two tryouts.
The men successful are: Walter H.
Heineman, Marcel E. Touwaide, Henry
Robert, R. J. Seymour, James White,
Neil A. Miller, Robert Edgren, Hub
bard Moffit, Dudley Fry, T. T. Daniel,
Rollin Sanders, Clarence Young, Bert
Brown, Arthur Steele, Charles E.
Smith, and H. F. Smith.
Warren D. Allen announces a regular
rehearsal to be held next Monday
afternoon in Room 84, Inner Quad. All
members, new and old, are to be pres
ent. Plans will be discussed for com
ing concerts on the campus and else
where.
Practice will begin at once on the
new repertoire of the club which will
be sung during the coining season.
"The Volga Boatmen's Song" is among
the selections on the list. There are
several new humorous numbers on the
program, including "The Cerebral
Dinosaur," that are expected to prove
popular. There will also be a group
of negro spirituals and two modern
English songs by Gustav Hoist.
Besides these new songs the club's
program will contain several clever
acts and skits.
The schedule for the year is a full
one and will include two campus con
certs instead of one, as formerly. A
concert may be given in Sacramento
during the Christmas vacation. The
climax of the season will be the tour
of Washington and Oregon in the
spring quarter for which dates have
already been arranged by Delmer
Daves, Glee Club manager.
