# FOREIGNERS OFFERED GERMAN SCHOLARSHIP
## 
### 
For the first time in history Ger
many ie offering scholarships to for
eigners. Influential circles have or
ganized the Alexander von Humboldt
Foundation with Berlin as its seat, and
it is proposed to begin the assignment
of stipends with the winter semesters
ol' 1925-26, granting from 80 to 100
scholarships up to a maximum of 1500
marks a year each.
A foreigner to he eligible for con
sideration must have had a few semes
ters at a university in his own coun
try. It is expected that he will study
tor a few semesters at German uni
versities to deepen his knowledge and
broaden his horizon, and then finish
his course in his native country. The
maximum award of 1500 marks will
cover tuition and modest living ex
penses in Germany.
Applicants must fill out special I
blanks, which may be secured from the
German Consul in San Francisco.
