# Pesch Resigns As Assoc. Dean Of Med School
## 
### 
Dr. Leßoy A. Pesch has resigned as
associate dean of Stanford University
School of Medicine, to become dean of
the School of Medicine and director of
University Hospitals at the State Uni
versity of Buffalo.
Dr. Pesch has been professor of
medicine and associate dean at Stan
ford since 1966. He headed the ad
missions committee and served as
chairman of the committee on medical
education which developed a further
revision to the Stanford curriculum.
The proposed elective curriculum will
allow each medical student to develop
a study program that will meet his indi
vidual objectives in the field of
medicine.
Dr. John L. Wilson, 54, has been
appointed associate dean and director
of Regional Medical Programs at Stan
ford University School of Medicine. He
will also serve as professor of surgery.
Dr. Leßoy A. Pesch has resigned as
associate dean of Stanford University
School of Medicine, to become dean of
the School of Medicine and director of
University Hospitals at the State Uni
versity of Buffalo.
Dr. Pesch has been professor of
medicine and associate dean at Stan
ford since 1966. He headed the ad
missions committee and served as
chairman of the committee on medical
education which developed a further
revision to the Stanford curriculum.
The proposed elective curriculum will
allow each medical student to develop
a study program that will meet his indi
vidual objectives in the field of
medicine.
Dr. John L. Wilson, 54, has been
appointed associate dean and director
of Regional Medical Programs at Stan
ford University School of Medicine. He
will also serve as professor of surgery.
Dr. Leßoy A. Pesch has resigned as
associate dean of Stanford University
School of Medicine, to become dean of
the School of Medicine and director of
University Hospitals at the State Uni
versity of Buffalo.
Dr. Pesch has been professor of
medicine and associate dean at Stan
ford since 1966. He headed the ad
missions committee and served as
chairman of the committee on medical
education which developed a further
revision to the Stanford curriculum.
The proposed elective curriculum will
allow each medical student to develop
a study program that will meet his indi
vidual objectives in the field of
medicine.
Dr. John L. Wilson, 54, has been
appointed associate dean and director
of Regional Medical Programs at Stan
ford University School of Medicine. He
will also serve as professor of surgery.
Dr. Leßoy A. Pesch has resigned as
associate dean of Stanford University
School of Medicine, to become dean of
the School of Medicine and director of
University Hospitals at the State Uni
versity of Buffalo.
Dr. Pesch has been professor of
medicine and associate dean at Stan
ford since 1966. He headed the ad
missions committee and served as
chairman of the committee on medical
education which developed a further
revision to the Stanford curriculum.
The proposed elective curriculum will
allow each medical student to develop
a study program that will meet his indi
vidual objectives in the field of
medicine.
Dr. John L. Wilson, 54, has been
appointed associate dean and director
of Regional Medical Programs at Stan
ford University School of Medicine. He
will also serve as professor of surgery.
Dr. Leßoy A. Pesch has resigned as
associate dean of Stanford University
School of Medicine, to become dean of
the School of Medicine and director of
University Hospitals at the State Uni
versity of Buffalo.
Dr. Pesch has been professor of
medicine and associate dean at Stan
ford since 1966. He headed the ad
missions committee and served as
chairman of the committee on medical
education which developed a further
revision to the Stanford curriculum.
The proposed elective curriculum will
allow each medical student to develop
a study program that will meet his indi
vidual objectives in the field of
medicine.
Dr. John L. Wilson, 54, has been
appointed associate dean and director
of Regional Medical Programs at Stan
ford University School of Medicine. He
will also serve as professor of surgery.
Dr. Leßoy A. Pesch has resigned as
associate dean of Stanford University
School of Medicine, to become dean of
the School of Medicine and director of
University Hospitals at the State Uni
versity of Buffalo.
Dr. Pesch has been professor of
medicine and associate dean at Stan
ford since 1966. He headed the ad
missions committee and served as
chairman of the committee on medical
education which developed a further
revision to the Stanford curriculum.
The proposed elective curriculum will
allow each medical student to develop
a study program that will meet his indi
vidual objectives in the field of
medicine.
Dr. John L. Wilson, 54, has been
appointed associate dean and director
of Regional Medical Programs at Stan
ford University School of Medicine. He
will also serve as professor of surgery.
Dr. Leßoy A. Pesch has resigned as
associate dean of Stanford University
School of Medicine, to become dean of
the School of Medicine and director of
University Hospitals at the State Uni
versity of Buffalo.
Dr. Pesch has been professor of
medicine and associate dean at Stan
ford since 1966. He headed the ad
missions committee and served as
chairman of the committee on medical
education which developed a further
revision to the Stanford curriculum.
The proposed elective curriculum will
allow each medical student to develop
a study program that will meet his indi
vidual objectives in the field of
medicine.
Dr. John L. Wilson, 54, has been
appointed associate dean and director
of Regional Medical Programs at Stan
ford University School of Medicine. He
will also serve as professor of surgery.
Dr. Leßoy A. Pesch has resigned as
associate dean of Stanford University
School of Medicine, to become dean of
the School of Medicine and director of
University Hospitals at the State Uni
versity of Buffalo.
Dr. Pesch has been professor of
medicine and associate dean at Stan
ford since 1966. He headed the ad
missions committee and served as
chairman of the committee on medical
education which developed a further
revision to the Stanford curriculum.
The proposed elective curriculum will
allow each medical student to develop
a study program that will meet his indi
vidual objectives in the field of
medicine.
Dr. John L. Wilson, 54, has been
appointed associate dean and director
of Regional Medical Programs at Stan
ford University School of Medicine. He
will also serve as professor of surgery.
Dr. Leßoy A. Pesch has resigned as
associate dean of Stanford University
School of Medicine, to become dean of
the School of Medicine and director of
University Hospitals at the State Uni
versity of Buffalo.
Dr. Pesch has been professor of
medicine and associate dean at Stan
ford since 1966. He headed the ad
missions committee and served as
chairman of the committee on medical
education which developed a further
revision to the Stanford curriculum.
The proposed elective curriculum will
allow each medical student to develop
a study program that will meet his indi
vidual objectives in the field of
medicine.
Dr. John L. Wilson, 54, has been
appointed associate dean and director
of Regional Medical Programs at Stan
ford University School of Medicine. He
will also serve as professor of surgery.
Dr. Leßoy A. Pesch has resigned as
associate dean of Stanford University
School of Medicine, to become dean of
the School of Medicine and director of
University Hospitals at the State Uni
versity of Buffalo.
Dr. Pesch has been professor of
medicine and associate dean at Stan
ford since 1966. He headed the ad
missions committee and served as
chairman of the committee on medical
education which developed a further
revision to the Stanford curriculum.
The proposed elective curriculum will
allow each medical student to develop
a study program that will meet his indi
vidual objectives in the field of
medicine.
Dr. John L. Wilson, 54, has been
appointed associate dean and director
of Regional Medical Programs at Stan
ford University School of Medicine. He
will also serve as professor of surgery.
Dr. Leßoy A. Pesch has resigned as
associate dean of Stanford University
School of Medicine, to become dean of
the School of Medicine and director of
University Hospitals at the State Uni
versity of Buffalo.
Dr. Pesch has been professor of
medicine and associate dean at Stan
ford since 1966. He headed the ad
missions committee and served as
chairman of the committee on medical
education which developed a further
revision to the Stanford curriculum.
The proposed elective curriculum will
allow each medical student to develop
a study program that will meet his indi
vidual objectives in the field of
medicine.
Dr. John L. Wilson, 54, has been
appointed associate dean and director
of Regional Medical Programs at Stan
ford University School of Medicine. He
will also serve as professor of surgery.
Dr. Leßoy A. Pesch has resigned as
associate dean of Stanford University
School of Medicine, to become dean of
the School of Medicine and director of
University Hospitals at the State Uni
versity of Buffalo.
Dr. Pesch has been professor of
medicine and associate dean at Stan
ford since 1966. He headed the ad
missions committee and served as
chairman of the committee on medical
education which developed a further
revision to the Stanford curriculum.
The proposed elective curriculum will
allow each medical student to develop
a study program that will meet his indi
vidual objectives in the field of
medicine.
Dr. John L. Wilson, 54, has been
appointed associate dean and director
of Regional Medical Programs at Stan
ford University School of Medicine. He
will also serve as professor of surgery.
Dr. Leßoy A. Pesch has resigned as
associate dean of Stanford University
School of Medicine, to become dean of
the School of Medicine and director of
University Hospitals at the State Uni
versity of Buffalo.
Dr. Pesch has been professor of
medicine and associate dean at Stan
ford since 1966. He headed the ad
missions committee and served as
chairman of the committee on medical
education which developed a further
revision to the Stanford curriculum.
The proposed elective curriculum will
allow each medical student to develop
a study program that will meet his indi
vidual objectives in the field of
medicine.
Dr. John L. Wilson, 54, has been
appointed associate dean and director
of Regional Medical Programs at Stan
ford University School of Medicine. He
will also serve as professor of surgery.
Dr. Leßoy A. Pesch has resigned as
associate dean of Stanford University
School of Medicine, to become dean of
the School of Medicine and director of
University Hospitals at the State Uni
versity of Buffalo.
Dr. Pesch has been professor of
medicine and associate dean at Stan
ford since 1966. He headed the ad
missions committee and served as
chairman of the committee on medical
education which developed a further
revision to the Stanford curriculum.
The proposed elective curriculum will
allow each medical student to develop
a study program that will meet his indi
vidual objectives in the field of
medicine.
Dr. John L. Wilson, 54, has been
appointed associate dean and director
of Regional Medical Programs at Stan
ford University School of Medicine. He
will also serve as professor of surgery.
