# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The third and last engineering
assembly of the term takes place
tomorrow afternoon in the geol
ogy lecture room at o'clock. A.
11. lialK'ock, chief electrical
engineer of tlie Southern l'uciiic
company, will sitenk on the
"Electritication of the Teliacli-.
a pi." The speaker is one of the
leading authorities in his chosen
field and has made a special,
study of Pacific Coast conditions,
lie will illustrate his talk with
lantern slides and will deliver it
in a manner not excessively
technical, so that a large at
tendance from the general public,
as well as from the four engin
eering societies, is expected. All
engineering classes will he dis
missed during the assembly.
