# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The cornerstone of Cornell's new
Schoellhopf Athletic Training House
has just been laid.
The cornerstone of Cornell's new
Schoellhopf Athletic Training House
has just been laid.
The cornerstone of Cornell's new
Schoellhopf Athletic Training House
has just been laid.
The cornerstone of Cornell's new
Schoellhopf Athletic Training House
has just been laid.
The cornerstone of Cornell's new
Schoellhopf Athletic Training House
has just been laid.
The cornerstone of Cornell's new
Schoellhopf Athletic Training House
has just been laid.
The cornerstone of Cornell's new
Schoellhopf Athletic Training House
has just been laid.
The cornerstone of Cornell's new
Schoellhopf Athletic Training House
has just been laid.
The cornerstone of Cornell's new
Schoellhopf Athletic Training House
has just been laid.
The cornerstone of Cornell's new
Schoellhopf Athletic Training House
has just been laid.
The cornerstone of Cornell's new
Schoellhopf Athletic Training House
has just been laid.
The cornerstone of Cornell's new
Schoellhopf Athletic Training House
has just been laid.
The cornerstone of Cornell's new
Schoellhopf Athletic Training House
has just been laid.
The cornerstone of Cornell's new
Schoellhopf Athletic Training House
has just been laid.
