# Official Notices
## 
### 
THE FOLLOWING fall quarter
courses have been changed from
those listed in the preliminary
time schedule: Education N7, "El
ementary School Language Arts,"
from MW 9 to TTh 9; Health Ed
ucation H5O, "Constructive Hy
giene," from MWF 10 to MWK 8.
THE FOLLOWING fall quarter
courses have been changed from
those listed in the preliminary
time schedule: Education N7, "El
ementary School Language Arts,"
from MW 9 to TTh 9; Health Ed
ucation H5O, "Constructive Hy
giene," from MWF 10 to MWK 8.
THE FOLLOWING fall quarter
courses have been changed from
those listed in the preliminary
time schedule: Education N7, "El
ementary School Language Arts,"
from MW 9 to TTh 9; Health Ed
ucation H5O, "Constructive Hy
giene," from MWF 10 to MWK 8.
THE FOLLOWING fall quarter
courses have been changed from
those listed in the preliminary
time schedule: Education N7, "El
ementary School Language Arts,"
from MW 9 to TTh 9; Health Ed
ucation H5O, "Constructive Hy
giene," from MWF 10 to MWK 8.
THE FOLLOWING fall quarter
courses have been changed from
those listed in the preliminary
time schedule: Education N7, "El
ementary School Language Arts,"
from MW 9 to TTh 9; Health Ed
ucation H5O, "Constructive Hy
giene," from MWF 10 to MWK 8.
THE FOLLOWING fall quarter
courses have been changed from
those listed in the preliminary
time schedule: Education N7, "El
ementary School Language Arts,"
from MW 9 to TTh 9; Health Ed
ucation H5O, "Constructive Hy
giene," from MWF 10 to MWK 8.
THE FOLLOWING fall quarter
courses have been changed from
those listed in the preliminary
time schedule: Education N7, "El
ementary School Language Arts,"
from MW 9 to TTh 9; Health Ed
ucation H5O, "Constructive Hy
giene," from MWF 10 to MWK 8.
THE FOLLOWING fall quarter
courses have been changed from
those listed in the preliminary
time schedule: Education N7, "El
ementary School Language Arts,"
from MW 9 to TTh 9; Health Ed
ucation H5O, "Constructive Hy
giene," from MWF 10 to MWK 8.
THE FOLLOWING fall quarter
courses have been changed from
those listed in the preliminary
time schedule: Education N7, "El
ementary School Language Arts,"
from MW 9 to TTh 9; Health Ed
ucation H5O, "Constructive Hy
giene," from MWF 10 to MWK 8.
THE FOLLOWING fall quarter
courses have been changed from
those listed in the preliminary
time schedule: Education N7, "El
ementary School Language Arts,"
from MW 9 to TTh 9; Health Ed
ucation H5O, "Constructive Hy
giene," from MWF 10 to MWK 8.
THE FOLLOWING fall quarter
courses have been changed from
those listed in the preliminary
time schedule: Education N7, "El
ementary School Language Arts,"
from MW 9 to TTh 9; Health Ed
ucation H5O, "Constructive Hy
giene," from MWF 10 to MWK 8.
THE FOLLOWING fall quarter
courses have been changed from
those listed in the preliminary
time schedule: Education N7, "El
ementary School Language Arts,"
from MW 9 to TTh 9; Health Ed
ucation H5O, "Constructive Hy
giene," from MWF 10 to MWK 8.
THE FOLLOWING fall quarter
courses have been changed from
those listed in the preliminary
time schedule: Education N7, "El
ementary School Language Arts,"
from MW 9 to TTh 9; Health Ed
ucation H5O, "Constructive Hy
giene," from MWF 10 to MWK 8.
THE FOLLOWING fall quarter
courses have been changed from
those listed in the preliminary
time schedule: Education N7, "El
ementary School Language Arts,"
from MW 9 to TTh 9; Health Ed
ucation H5O, "Constructive Hy
giene," from MWF 10 to MWK 8.
THE FOLLOWING fall quarter
courses have been changed from
those listed in the preliminary
time schedule: Education N7, "El
ementary School Language Arts,"
from MW 9 to TTh 9; Health Ed
ucation H5O, "Constructive Hy
giene," from MWF 10 to MWK 8.
