# SENIOR OBLIGATIONS
## 
### 
All graduating seniors should
check on delinquencies at tlie li
brary which might hold up their
graduation, the librnrv staff said
yesterday.
All ho;»ks must he returned or
renewed bv June 12.
All graduating seniors should
check on delinquencies at tlie li
brary which might hold up their
graduation, the librnrv staff said
yesterday.
All ho;»ks must he returned or
renewed bv June 12.
All graduating seniors should
check on delinquencies at tlie li
brary which might hold up their
graduation, the librnrv staff said
yesterday.
All ho;»ks must he returned or
renewed bv June 12.
All graduating seniors should
check on delinquencies at tlie li
brary which might hold up their
graduation, the librnrv staff said
yesterday.
All ho;»ks must he returned or
renewed bv June 12.
All graduating seniors should
check on delinquencies at tlie li
brary which might hold up their
graduation, the librnrv staff said
yesterday.
All ho;»ks must he returned or
renewed bv June 12.
All graduating seniors should
check on delinquencies at tlie li
brary which might hold up their
graduation, the librnrv staff said
yesterday.
All ho;»ks must he returned or
renewed bv June 12.
All graduating seniors should
check on delinquencies at tlie li
brary which might hold up their
graduation, the librnrv staff said
yesterday.
All ho;»ks must he returned or
renewed bv June 12.
All graduating seniors should
check on delinquencies at tlie li
brary which might hold up their
graduation, the librnrv staff said
yesterday.
All ho;»ks must he returned or
renewed bv June 12.
All graduating seniors should
check on delinquencies at tlie li
brary which might hold up their
graduation, the librnrv staff said
yesterday.
All ho;»ks must he returned or
renewed bv June 12.
All graduating seniors should
check on delinquencies at tlie li
brary which might hold up their
graduation, the librnrv staff said
yesterday.
All ho;»ks must he returned or
renewed bv June 12.
All graduating seniors should
check on delinquencies at tlie li
brary which might hold up their
graduation, the librnrv staff said
yesterday.
All ho;»ks must he returned or
renewed bv June 12.
All graduating seniors should
check on delinquencies at tlie li
brary which might hold up their
graduation, the librnrv staff said
yesterday.
All ho;»ks must he returned or
renewed bv June 12.
All graduating seniors should
check on delinquencies at tlie li
brary which might hold up their
graduation, the librnrv staff said
yesterday.
All ho;»ks must he returned or
renewed bv June 12.
All graduating seniors should
check on delinquencies at tlie li
brary which might hold up their
graduation, the librnrv staff said
yesterday.
All ho;»ks must he returned or
renewed bv June 12.
All graduating seniors should
check on delinquencies at tlie li
brary which might hold up their
graduation, the librnrv staff said
yesterday.
All ho;»ks must he returned or
renewed bv June 12.
