# Who Do YOU Like?
## 
### 
During the past quarter, the Daily has run four columnists -
Daniel Brenner, Chris Hocker, Bill Evers, and Jerry Coleman -
regularly on its opinions page. Now we would like to know wha<
our readers think of them. During the next week, the Daily will
be conducting a poll to see which columnists are read the most
and which arc liked the best. However, wc will only be able to
mntact a very small number of readers. If you would like to voice
"'WR opinion, please call Daily Opinions Editor Kevin Smith
lu'tween the hours of 10 p.m. and 12 midnight, Sunday through
Thursday this coming week at 321-2300, extension 4632
During the past quarter, the Daily has run four columnists -
Daniel Brenner, Chris Hocker, Bill Evers, and Jerry Coleman -
regularly on its opinions page. Now we would like to know wha<
our readers think of them. During the next week, the Daily will
be conducting a poll to see which columnists are read the most
and which arc liked the best. However, wc will only be able to
mntact a very small number of readers. If you would like to voice
"'WR opinion, please call Daily Opinions Editor Kevin Smith
lu'tween the hours of 10 p.m. and 12 midnight, Sunday through
Thursday this coming week at 321-2300, extension 4632
During the past quarter, the Daily has run four columnists -
Daniel Brenner, Chris Hocker, Bill Evers, and Jerry Coleman -
regularly on its opinions page. Now we would like to know wha<
our readers think of them. During the next week, the Daily will
be conducting a poll to see which columnists are read the most
and which arc liked the best. However, wc will only be able to
mntact a very small number of readers. If you would like to voice
"'WR opinion, please call Daily Opinions Editor Kevin Smith
lu'tween the hours of 10 p.m. and 12 midnight, Sunday through
Thursday this coming week at 321-2300, extension 4632
During the past quarter, the Daily has run four columnists -
Daniel Brenner, Chris Hocker, Bill Evers, and Jerry Coleman -
regularly on its opinions page. Now we would like to know wha<
our readers think of them. During the next week, the Daily will
be conducting a poll to see which columnists are read the most
and which arc liked the best. However, wc will only be able to
mntact a very small number of readers. If you would like to voice
"'WR opinion, please call Daily Opinions Editor Kevin Smith
lu'tween the hours of 10 p.m. and 12 midnight, Sunday through
Thursday this coming week at 321-2300, extension 4632
During the past quarter, the Daily has run four columnists -
Daniel Brenner, Chris Hocker, Bill Evers, and Jerry Coleman -
regularly on its opinions page. Now we would like to know wha<
our readers think of them. During the next week, the Daily will
be conducting a poll to see which columnists are read the most
and which arc liked the best. However, wc will only be able to
mntact a very small number of readers. If you would like to voice
"'WR opinion, please call Daily Opinions Editor Kevin Smith
lu'tween the hours of 10 p.m. and 12 midnight, Sunday through
Thursday this coming week at 321-2300, extension 4632
During the past quarter, the Daily has run four columnists -
Daniel Brenner, Chris Hocker, Bill Evers, and Jerry Coleman -
regularly on its opinions page. Now we would like to know wha<
our readers think of them. During the next week, the Daily will
be conducting a poll to see which columnists are read the most
and which arc liked the best. However, wc will only be able to
mntact a very small number of readers. If you would like to voice
"'WR opinion, please call Daily Opinions Editor Kevin Smith
lu'tween the hours of 10 p.m. and 12 midnight, Sunday through
Thursday this coming week at 321-2300, extension 4632
During the past quarter, the Daily has run four columnists -
Daniel Brenner, Chris Hocker, Bill Evers, and Jerry Coleman -
regularly on its opinions page. Now we would like to know wha<
our readers think of them. During the next week, the Daily will
be conducting a poll to see which columnists are read the most
and which arc liked the best. However, wc will only be able to
mntact a very small number of readers. If you would like to voice
"'WR opinion, please call Daily Opinions Editor Kevin Smith
lu'tween the hours of 10 p.m. and 12 midnight, Sunday through
Thursday this coming week at 321-2300, extension 4632
During the past quarter, the Daily has run four columnists -
Daniel Brenner, Chris Hocker, Bill Evers, and Jerry Coleman -
regularly on its opinions page. Now we would like to know wha<
our readers think of them. During the next week, the Daily will
be conducting a poll to see which columnists are read the most
and which arc liked the best. However, wc will only be able to
mntact a very small number of readers. If you would like to voice
"'WR opinion, please call Daily Opinions Editor Kevin Smith
lu'tween the hours of 10 p.m. and 12 midnight, Sunday through
Thursday this coming week at 321-2300, extension 4632
During the past quarter, the Daily has run four columnists -
Daniel Brenner, Chris Hocker, Bill Evers, and Jerry Coleman -
regularly on its opinions page. Now we would like to know wha<
our readers think of them. During the next week, the Daily will
be conducting a poll to see which columnists are read the most
and which arc liked the best. However, wc will only be able to
mntact a very small number of readers. If you would like to voice
"'WR opinion, please call Daily Opinions Editor Kevin Smith
lu'tween the hours of 10 p.m. and 12 midnight, Sunday through
Thursday this coming week at 321-2300, extension 4632
During the past quarter, the Daily has run four columnists -
Daniel Brenner, Chris Hocker, Bill Evers, and Jerry Coleman -
regularly on its opinions page. Now we would like to know wha<
our readers think of them. During the next week, the Daily will
be conducting a poll to see which columnists are read the most
and which arc liked the best. However, wc will only be able to
mntact a very small number of readers. If you would like to voice
"'WR opinion, please call Daily Opinions Editor Kevin Smith
lu'tween the hours of 10 p.m. and 12 midnight, Sunday through
Thursday this coming week at 321-2300, extension 4632
During the past quarter, the Daily has run four columnists -
Daniel Brenner, Chris Hocker, Bill Evers, and Jerry Coleman -
regularly on its opinions page. Now we would like to know wha<
our readers think of them. During the next week, the Daily will
be conducting a poll to see which columnists are read the most
and which arc liked the best. However, wc will only be able to
mntact a very small number of readers. If you would like to voice
"'WR opinion, please call Daily Opinions Editor Kevin Smith
lu'tween the hours of 10 p.m. and 12 midnight, Sunday through
Thursday this coming week at 321-2300, extension 4632
During the past quarter, the Daily has run four columnists -
Daniel Brenner, Chris Hocker, Bill Evers, and Jerry Coleman -
regularly on its opinions page. Now we would like to know wha<
our readers think of them. During the next week, the Daily will
be conducting a poll to see which columnists are read the most
and which arc liked the best. However, wc will only be able to
mntact a very small number of readers. If you would like to voice
"'WR opinion, please call Daily Opinions Editor Kevin Smith
lu'tween the hours of 10 p.m. and 12 midnight, Sunday through
Thursday this coming week at 321-2300, extension 4632
During the past quarter, the Daily has run four columnists -
Daniel Brenner, Chris Hocker, Bill Evers, and Jerry Coleman -
regularly on its opinions page. Now we would like to know wha<
our readers think of them. During the next week, the Daily will
be conducting a poll to see which columnists are read the most
and which arc liked the best. However, wc will only be able to
mntact a very small number of readers. If you would like to voice
"'WR opinion, please call Daily Opinions Editor Kevin Smith
lu'tween the hours of 10 p.m. and 12 midnight, Sunday through
Thursday this coming week at 321-2300, extension 4632
During the past quarter, the Daily has run four columnists -
Daniel Brenner, Chris Hocker, Bill Evers, and Jerry Coleman -
regularly on its opinions page. Now we would like to know wha<
our readers think of them. During the next week, the Daily will
be conducting a poll to see which columnists are read the most
and which arc liked the best. However, wc will only be able to
mntact a very small number of readers. If you would like to voice
"'WR opinion, please call Daily Opinions Editor Kevin Smith
lu'tween the hours of 10 p.m. and 12 midnight, Sunday through
Thursday this coming week at 321-2300, extension 4632
