# Opera Star To Sing Here Next Week
## 
### 
After her first appearance at the
Metropolitan Opera, Helen Traubel,
who will give a concert in Memorial
Hall next Tuesday, withdrew from
professional appearances for a year
and a half because she was not sat
isfied with her singing.
She spent this time in intensive
practice in perfecting her voice for
the achievement of her greater goal,
Wagnerian opera. The new Traubel
was the sensation of the decade, and
emerged triumphantly as one of the
great sopranos of all time, taking
cheers and bravos along with such
veteran Wagnerians as Flagstad and
Melchior.
Since then she has won the" plaud
its of thousands for her concert
tours, broadcasts, and especially for
participation in the great outdoor
symphonic series across the nation.
Tickets for the singer's perform
ance here may still be obtained at
the Concert Series office in the Old
Union.
