# RUTH'S ILLNESS HALTS MOVIE WORK
## 
### 

WHEN BABE RUTH was suddenly taken ill with pneumonia, he was forced to stop work en the movie
depicting the life of Lou Gehrig, in which he was working. Ruth, who is now convalescing in a Holly
wood hospital, is shown above with Gary Cooper, who plays the life <f Gehrig. The Bambino is also in
structor for Cooper, who had to learn to play baseball—lefthanded—to handle the part.

WHEN BABE RUTH was suddenly taken ill with pneumonia, he was forced to stop work en the movie
depicting the life of Lou Gehrig, in which he was working. Ruth, who is now convalescing in a Holly
wood hospital, is shown above with Gary Cooper, who plays the life <f Gehrig. The Bambino is also in
structor for Cooper, who had to learn to play baseball—lefthanded—to handle the part.

WHEN BABE RUTH was suddenly taken ill with pneumonia, he was forced to stop work en the movie
depicting the life of Lou Gehrig, in which he was working. Ruth, who is now convalescing in a Holly
wood hospital, is shown above with Gary Cooper, who plays the life <f Gehrig. The Bambino is also in
structor for Cooper, who had to learn to play baseball—lefthanded—to handle the part.

WHEN BABE RUTH was suddenly taken ill with pneumonia, he was forced to stop work en the movie
depicting the life of Lou Gehrig, in which he was working. Ruth, who is now convalescing in a Holly
wood hospital, is shown above with Gary Cooper, who plays the life <f Gehrig. The Bambino is also in
structor for Cooper, who had to learn to play baseball—lefthanded—to handle the part.

WHEN BABE RUTH was suddenly taken ill with pneumonia, he was forced to stop work en the movie
depicting the life of Lou Gehrig, in which he was working. Ruth, who is now convalescing in a Holly
wood hospital, is shown above with Gary Cooper, who plays the life <f Gehrig. The Bambino is also in
structor for Cooper, who had to learn to play baseball—lefthanded—to handle the part.

WHEN BABE RUTH was suddenly taken ill with pneumonia, he was forced to stop work en the movie
depicting the life of Lou Gehrig, in which he was working. Ruth, who is now convalescing in a Holly
wood hospital, is shown above with Gary Cooper, who plays the life <f Gehrig. The Bambino is also in
structor for Cooper, who had to learn to play baseball—lefthanded—to handle the part.

WHEN BABE RUTH was suddenly taken ill with pneumonia, he was forced to stop work en the movie
depicting the life of Lou Gehrig, in which he was working. Ruth, who is now convalescing in a Holly
wood hospital, is shown above with Gary Cooper, who plays the life <f Gehrig. The Bambino is also in
structor for Cooper, who had to learn to play baseball—lefthanded—to handle the part.

WHEN BABE RUTH was suddenly taken ill with pneumonia, he was forced to stop work en the movie
depicting the life of Lou Gehrig, in which he was working. Ruth, who is now convalescing in a Holly
wood hospital, is shown above with Gary Cooper, who plays the life <f Gehrig. The Bambino is also in
structor for Cooper, who had to learn to play baseball—lefthanded—to handle the part.

WHEN BABE RUTH was suddenly taken ill with pneumonia, he was forced to stop work en the movie
depicting the life of Lou Gehrig, in which he was working. Ruth, who is now convalescing in a Holly
wood hospital, is shown above with Gary Cooper, who plays the life <f Gehrig. The Bambino is also in
structor for Cooper, who had to learn to play baseball—lefthanded—to handle the part.

WHEN BABE RUTH was suddenly taken ill with pneumonia, he was forced to stop work en the movie
depicting the life of Lou Gehrig, in which he was working. Ruth, who is now convalescing in a Holly
wood hospital, is shown above with Gary Cooper, who plays the life <f Gehrig. The Bambino is also in
structor for Cooper, who had to learn to play baseball—lefthanded—to handle the part.

WHEN BABE RUTH was suddenly taken ill with pneumonia, he was forced to stop work en the movie
depicting the life of Lou Gehrig, in which he was working. Ruth, who is now convalescing in a Holly
wood hospital, is shown above with Gary Cooper, who plays the life <f Gehrig. The Bambino is also in
structor for Cooper, who had to learn to play baseball—lefthanded—to handle the part.

WHEN BABE RUTH was suddenly taken ill with pneumonia, he was forced to stop work en the movie
depicting the life of Lou Gehrig, in which he was working. Ruth, who is now convalescing in a Holly
wood hospital, is shown above with Gary Cooper, who plays the life <f Gehrig. The Bambino is also in
structor for Cooper, who had to learn to play baseball—lefthanded—to handle the part.

WHEN BABE RUTH was suddenly taken ill with pneumonia, he was forced to stop work en the movie
depicting the life of Lou Gehrig, in which he was working. Ruth, who is now convalescing in a Holly
wood hospital, is shown above with Gary Cooper, who plays the life <f Gehrig. The Bambino is also in
structor for Cooper, who had to learn to play baseball—lefthanded—to handle the part.

WHEN BABE RUTH was suddenly taken ill with pneumonia, he was forced to stop work en the movie
depicting the life of Lou Gehrig, in which he was working. Ruth, who is now convalescing in a Holly
wood hospital, is shown above with Gary Cooper, who plays the life <f Gehrig. The Bambino is also in
structor for Cooper, who had to learn to play baseball—lefthanded—to handle the part.

WHEN BABE RUTH was suddenly taken ill with pneumonia, he was forced to stop work en the movie
depicting the life of Lou Gehrig, in which he was working. Ruth, who is now convalescing in a Holly
wood hospital, is shown above with Gary Cooper, who plays the life <f Gehrig. The Bambino is also in
structor for Cooper, who had to learn to play baseball—lefthanded—to handle the part.

WHEN BABE RUTH was suddenly taken ill with pneumonia, he was forced to stop work en the movie
depicting the life of Lou Gehrig, in which he was working. Ruth, who is now convalescing in a Holly
wood hospital, is shown above with Gary Cooper, who plays the life <f Gehrig. The Bambino is also in
structor for Cooper, who had to learn to play baseball—lefthanded—to handle the part.

WHEN BABE RUTH was suddenly taken ill with pneumonia, he was forced to stop work en the movie
depicting the life of Lou Gehrig, in which he was working. Ruth, who is now convalescing in a Holly
wood hospital, is shown above with Gary Cooper, who plays the life <f Gehrig. The Bambino is also in
structor for Cooper, who had to learn to play baseball—lefthanded—to handle the part.

WHEN BABE RUTH was suddenly taken ill with pneumonia, he was forced to stop work en the movie
depicting the life of Lou Gehrig, in which he was working. Ruth, who is now convalescing in a Holly
wood hospital, is shown above with Gary Cooper, who plays the life <f Gehrig. The Bambino is also in
structor for Cooper, who had to learn to play baseball—lefthanded—to handle the part.
