# UNDER THE WEATHER...
## 
### 
MEN S REST HOME
Harry Williams, James Venable,
Robert Wert, George Jackson, James
Sullivan, Harvey Bernhard, Fred
Carstedt, Scott Dudley, Alan Hin
man, Edward Eakland, James Cros
by.
WOMEN'S REST HOME
Gertrude Brawner, Joyce Higgen
botham, Leatrice Lowe, Rosa-Lee
Moose.
HOSPITAL
Richard Huntsberger, Byrne Bern
hard, Julius Holdman, Woodrow
Wier, James Monroe, Helen Young,
Richard Prince, Grace Winkler,
Peggy Pcrring, Mary Milbank, Hel
en Braehvogel, Beverly McClure,
David Larkin, Jim Cooper, Earl Bru
baker.
MEN S REST HOME
Harry Williams, James Venable,
Robert Wert, George Jackson, James
Sullivan, Harvey Bernhard, Fred
Carstedt, Scott Dudley, Alan Hin
man, Edward Eakland, James Cros
by.
WOMEN'S REST HOME
Gertrude Brawner, Joyce Higgen
botham, Leatrice Lowe, Rosa-Lee
Moose.
HOSPITAL
Richard Huntsberger, Byrne Bern
hard, Julius Holdman, Woodrow
Wier, James Monroe, Helen Young,
Richard Prince, Grace Winkler,
Peggy Pcrring, Mary Milbank, Hel
en Braehvogel, Beverly McClure,
David Larkin, Jim Cooper, Earl Bru
baker.
MEN S REST HOME
Harry Williams, James Venable,
Robert Wert, George Jackson, James
Sullivan, Harvey Bernhard, Fred
Carstedt, Scott Dudley, Alan Hin
man, Edward Eakland, James Cros
by.
WOMEN'S REST HOME
Gertrude Brawner, Joyce Higgen
botham, Leatrice Lowe, Rosa-Lee
Moose.
HOSPITAL
Richard Huntsberger, Byrne Bern
hard, Julius Holdman, Woodrow
Wier, James Monroe, Helen Young,
Richard Prince, Grace Winkler,
Peggy Pcrring, Mary Milbank, Hel
en Braehvogel, Beverly McClure,
David Larkin, Jim Cooper, Earl Bru
baker.
MEN S REST HOME
Harry Williams, James Venable,
Robert Wert, George Jackson, James
Sullivan, Harvey Bernhard, Fred
Carstedt, Scott Dudley, Alan Hin
man, Edward Eakland, James Cros
by.
WOMEN'S REST HOME
Gertrude Brawner, Joyce Higgen
botham, Leatrice Lowe, Rosa-Lee
Moose.
HOSPITAL
Richard Huntsberger, Byrne Bern
hard, Julius Holdman, Woodrow
Wier, James Monroe, Helen Young,
Richard Prince, Grace Winkler,
Peggy Pcrring, Mary Milbank, Hel
en Braehvogel, Beverly McClure,
David Larkin, Jim Cooper, Earl Bru
baker.
MEN S REST HOME
Harry Williams, James Venable,
Robert Wert, George Jackson, James
Sullivan, Harvey Bernhard, Fred
Carstedt, Scott Dudley, Alan Hin
man, Edward Eakland, James Cros
by.
WOMEN'S REST HOME
Gertrude Brawner, Joyce Higgen
botham, Leatrice Lowe, Rosa-Lee
Moose.
HOSPITAL
Richard Huntsberger, Byrne Bern
hard, Julius Holdman, Woodrow
Wier, James Monroe, Helen Young,
Richard Prince, Grace Winkler,
Peggy Pcrring, Mary Milbank, Hel
en Braehvogel, Beverly McClure,
David Larkin, Jim Cooper, Earl Bru
baker.
MEN S REST HOME
Harry Williams, James Venable,
Robert Wert, George Jackson, James
Sullivan, Harvey Bernhard, Fred
Carstedt, Scott Dudley, Alan Hin
man, Edward Eakland, James Cros
by.
WOMEN'S REST HOME
Gertrude Brawner, Joyce Higgen
botham, Leatrice Lowe, Rosa-Lee
Moose.
HOSPITAL
Richard Huntsberger, Byrne Bern
hard, Julius Holdman, Woodrow
Wier, James Monroe, Helen Young,
Richard Prince, Grace Winkler,
Peggy Pcrring, Mary Milbank, Hel
en Braehvogel, Beverly McClure,
David Larkin, Jim Cooper, Earl Bru
baker.
MEN S REST HOME
Harry Williams, James Venable,
Robert Wert, George Jackson, James
Sullivan, Harvey Bernhard, Fred
Carstedt, Scott Dudley, Alan Hin
man, Edward Eakland, James Cros
by.
WOMEN'S REST HOME
Gertrude Brawner, Joyce Higgen
botham, Leatrice Lowe, Rosa-Lee
Moose.
HOSPITAL
Richard Huntsberger, Byrne Bern
hard, Julius Holdman, Woodrow
Wier, James Monroe, Helen Young,
Richard Prince, Grace Winkler,
Peggy Pcrring, Mary Milbank, Hel
en Braehvogel, Beverly McClure,
David Larkin, Jim Cooper, Earl Bru
baker.
MEN S REST HOME
Harry Williams, James Venable,
Robert Wert, George Jackson, James
Sullivan, Harvey Bernhard, Fred
Carstedt, Scott Dudley, Alan Hin
man, Edward Eakland, James Cros
by.
WOMEN'S REST HOME
Gertrude Brawner, Joyce Higgen
botham, Leatrice Lowe, Rosa-Lee
Moose.
HOSPITAL
Richard Huntsberger, Byrne Bern
hard, Julius Holdman, Woodrow
Wier, James Monroe, Helen Young,
Richard Prince, Grace Winkler,
Peggy Pcrring, Mary Milbank, Hel
en Braehvogel, Beverly McClure,
David Larkin, Jim Cooper, Earl Bru
baker.
MEN S REST HOME
Harry Williams, James Venable,
Robert Wert, George Jackson, James
Sullivan, Harvey Bernhard, Fred
Carstedt, Scott Dudley, Alan Hin
man, Edward Eakland, James Cros
by.
WOMEN'S REST HOME
Gertrude Brawner, Joyce Higgen
botham, Leatrice Lowe, Rosa-Lee
Moose.
HOSPITAL
Richard Huntsberger, Byrne Bern
hard, Julius Holdman, Woodrow
Wier, James Monroe, Helen Young,
Richard Prince, Grace Winkler,
Peggy Pcrring, Mary Milbank, Hel
en Braehvogel, Beverly McClure,
David Larkin, Jim Cooper, Earl Bru
baker.
MEN S REST HOME
Harry Williams, James Venable,
Robert Wert, George Jackson, James
Sullivan, Harvey Bernhard, Fred
Carstedt, Scott Dudley, Alan Hin
man, Edward Eakland, James Cros
by.
WOMEN'S REST HOME
Gertrude Brawner, Joyce Higgen
botham, Leatrice Lowe, Rosa-Lee
Moose.
HOSPITAL
Richard Huntsberger, Byrne Bern
hard, Julius Holdman, Woodrow
Wier, James Monroe, Helen Young,
Richard Prince, Grace Winkler,
Peggy Pcrring, Mary Milbank, Hel
en Braehvogel, Beverly McClure,
David Larkin, Jim Cooper, Earl Bru
baker.
MEN S REST HOME
Harry Williams, James Venable,
Robert Wert, George Jackson, James
Sullivan, Harvey Bernhard, Fred
Carstedt, Scott Dudley, Alan Hin
man, Edward Eakland, James Cros
by.
WOMEN'S REST HOME
Gertrude Brawner, Joyce Higgen
botham, Leatrice Lowe, Rosa-Lee
Moose.
HOSPITAL
Richard Huntsberger, Byrne Bern
hard, Julius Holdman, Woodrow
Wier, James Monroe, Helen Young,
Richard Prince, Grace Winkler,
Peggy Pcrring, Mary Milbank, Hel
en Braehvogel, Beverly McClure,
David Larkin, Jim Cooper, Earl Bru
baker.
MEN S REST HOME
Harry Williams, James Venable,
Robert Wert, George Jackson, James
Sullivan, Harvey Bernhard, Fred
Carstedt, Scott Dudley, Alan Hin
man, Edward Eakland, James Cros
by.
WOMEN'S REST HOME
Gertrude Brawner, Joyce Higgen
botham, Leatrice Lowe, Rosa-Lee
Moose.
HOSPITAL
Richard Huntsberger, Byrne Bern
hard, Julius Holdman, Woodrow
Wier, James Monroe, Helen Young,
Richard Prince, Grace Winkler,
Peggy Pcrring, Mary Milbank, Hel
en Braehvogel, Beverly McClure,
David Larkin, Jim Cooper, Earl Bru
baker.
MEN S REST HOME
Harry Williams, James Venable,
Robert Wert, George Jackson, James
Sullivan, Harvey Bernhard, Fred
Carstedt, Scott Dudley, Alan Hin
man, Edward Eakland, James Cros
by.
WOMEN'S REST HOME
Gertrude Brawner, Joyce Higgen
botham, Leatrice Lowe, Rosa-Lee
Moose.
HOSPITAL
Richard Huntsberger, Byrne Bern
hard, Julius Holdman, Woodrow
Wier, James Monroe, Helen Young,
Richard Prince, Grace Winkler,
Peggy Pcrring, Mary Milbank, Hel
en Braehvogel, Beverly McClure,
David Larkin, Jim Cooper, Earl Bru
baker.
MEN S REST HOME
Harry Williams, James Venable,
Robert Wert, George Jackson, James
Sullivan, Harvey Bernhard, Fred
Carstedt, Scott Dudley, Alan Hin
man, Edward Eakland, James Cros
by.
WOMEN'S REST HOME
Gertrude Brawner, Joyce Higgen
botham, Leatrice Lowe, Rosa-Lee
Moose.
HOSPITAL
Richard Huntsberger, Byrne Bern
hard, Julius Holdman, Woodrow
Wier, James Monroe, Helen Young,
Richard Prince, Grace Winkler,
Peggy Pcrring, Mary Milbank, Hel
en Braehvogel, Beverly McClure,
David Larkin, Jim Cooper, Earl Bru
baker.
MEN S REST HOME
Harry Williams, James Venable,
Robert Wert, George Jackson, James
Sullivan, Harvey Bernhard, Fred
Carstedt, Scott Dudley, Alan Hin
man, Edward Eakland, James Cros
by.
WOMEN'S REST HOME
Gertrude Brawner, Joyce Higgen
botham, Leatrice Lowe, Rosa-Lee
Moose.
HOSPITAL
Richard Huntsberger, Byrne Bern
hard, Julius Holdman, Woodrow
Wier, James Monroe, Helen Young,
Richard Prince, Grace Winkler,
Peggy Pcrring, Mary Milbank, Hel
en Braehvogel, Beverly McClure,
David Larkin, Jim Cooper, Earl Bru
baker.
MEN S REST HOME
Harry Williams, James Venable,
Robert Wert, George Jackson, James
Sullivan, Harvey Bernhard, Fred
Carstedt, Scott Dudley, Alan Hin
man, Edward Eakland, James Cros
by.
WOMEN'S REST HOME
Gertrude Brawner, Joyce Higgen
botham, Leatrice Lowe, Rosa-Lee
Moose.
HOSPITAL
Richard Huntsberger, Byrne Bern
hard, Julius Holdman, Woodrow
Wier, James Monroe, Helen Young,
Richard Prince, Grace Winkler,
Peggy Pcrring, Mary Milbank, Hel
en Braehvogel, Beverly McClure,
David Larkin, Jim Cooper, Earl Bru
baker.
MEN S REST HOME
Harry Williams, James Venable,
Robert Wert, George Jackson, James
Sullivan, Harvey Bernhard, Fred
Carstedt, Scott Dudley, Alan Hin
man, Edward Eakland, James Cros
by.
WOMEN'S REST HOME
Gertrude Brawner, Joyce Higgen
botham, Leatrice Lowe, Rosa-Lee
Moose.
HOSPITAL
Richard Huntsberger, Byrne Bern
hard, Julius Holdman, Woodrow
Wier, James Monroe, Helen Young,
Richard Prince, Grace Winkler,
Peggy Pcrring, Mary Milbank, Hel
en Braehvogel, Beverly McClure,
David Larkin, Jim Cooper, Earl Bru
baker.
MEN S REST HOME
Harry Williams, James Venable,
Robert Wert, George Jackson, James
Sullivan, Harvey Bernhard, Fred
Carstedt, Scott Dudley, Alan Hin
man, Edward Eakland, James Cros
by.
WOMEN'S REST HOME
Gertrude Brawner, Joyce Higgen
botham, Leatrice Lowe, Rosa-Lee
Moose.
HOSPITAL
Richard Huntsberger, Byrne Bern
hard, Julius Holdman, Woodrow
Wier, James Monroe, Helen Young,
Richard Prince, Grace Winkler,
Peggy Pcrring, Mary Milbank, Hel
en Braehvogel, Beverly McClure,
David Larkin, Jim Cooper, Earl Bru
baker.
