# HOW ARE WE GONNA WIN IT?
## 
### 

LOU BOURDREAU, manager, and Roger Peckinpaugh. owner, of the
Cleveland Indians get together to discuss the Indians' chances of tak
ing (lie American League pennant away from the Yankees.

LOU BOURDREAU, manager, and Roger Peckinpaugh. owner, of the
Cleveland Indians get together to discuss the Indians' chances of tak
ing (lie American League pennant away from the Yankees.

LOU BOURDREAU, manager, and Roger Peckinpaugh. owner, of the
Cleveland Indians get together to discuss the Indians' chances of tak
ing (lie American League pennant away from the Yankees.

LOU BOURDREAU, manager, and Roger Peckinpaugh. owner, of the
Cleveland Indians get together to discuss the Indians' chances of tak
ing (lie American League pennant away from the Yankees.

LOU BOURDREAU, manager, and Roger Peckinpaugh. owner, of the
Cleveland Indians get together to discuss the Indians' chances of tak
ing (lie American League pennant away from the Yankees.

LOU BOURDREAU, manager, and Roger Peckinpaugh. owner, of the
Cleveland Indians get together to discuss the Indians' chances of tak
ing (lie American League pennant away from the Yankees.

LOU BOURDREAU, manager, and Roger Peckinpaugh. owner, of the
Cleveland Indians get together to discuss the Indians' chances of tak
ing (lie American League pennant away from the Yankees.

LOU BOURDREAU, manager, and Roger Peckinpaugh. owner, of the
Cleveland Indians get together to discuss the Indians' chances of tak
ing (lie American League pennant away from the Yankees.

LOU BOURDREAU, manager, and Roger Peckinpaugh. owner, of the
Cleveland Indians get together to discuss the Indians' chances of tak
ing (lie American League pennant away from the Yankees.

LOU BOURDREAU, manager, and Roger Peckinpaugh. owner, of the
Cleveland Indians get together to discuss the Indians' chances of tak
ing (lie American League pennant away from the Yankees.

LOU BOURDREAU, manager, and Roger Peckinpaugh. owner, of the
Cleveland Indians get together to discuss the Indians' chances of tak
ing (lie American League pennant away from the Yankees.

LOU BOURDREAU, manager, and Roger Peckinpaugh. owner, of the
Cleveland Indians get together to discuss the Indians' chances of tak
ing (lie American League pennant away from the Yankees.

LOU BOURDREAU, manager, and Roger Peckinpaugh. owner, of the
Cleveland Indians get together to discuss the Indians' chances of tak
ing (lie American League pennant away from the Yankees.

LOU BOURDREAU, manager, and Roger Peckinpaugh. owner, of the
Cleveland Indians get together to discuss the Indians' chances of tak
ing (lie American League pennant away from the Yankees.

LOU BOURDREAU, manager, and Roger Peckinpaugh. owner, of the
Cleveland Indians get together to discuss the Indians' chances of tak
ing (lie American League pennant away from the Yankees.

LOU BOURDREAU, manager, and Roger Peckinpaugh. owner, of the
Cleveland Indians get together to discuss the Indians' chances of tak
ing (lie American League pennant away from the Yankees.

LOU BOURDREAU, manager, and Roger Peckinpaugh. owner, of the
Cleveland Indians get together to discuss the Indians' chances of tak
ing (lie American League pennant away from the Yankees.

LOU BOURDREAU, manager, and Roger Peckinpaugh. owner, of the
Cleveland Indians get together to discuss the Indians' chances of tak
ing (lie American League pennant away from the Yankees.
