# Untitled Article
## 
### 
— Professor Edwin D. Starbuck,
of the Education department, lec
tures this evening before the
Sunday School Commission of the
Diocese of California on "The Re
ligious Development of the Child
Mind." The address is to be de
livered in the Sunday school
room of St. Luke's Church.
— Professor Edwin D. Starbuck,
of the Education department, lec
tures this evening before the
Sunday School Commission of the
Diocese of California on "The Re
ligious Development of the Child
Mind." The address is to be de
livered in the Sunday school
room of St. Luke's Church.
— Professor Edwin D. Starbuck,
of the Education department, lec
tures this evening before the
Sunday School Commission of the
Diocese of California on "The Re
ligious Development of the Child
Mind." The address is to be de
livered in the Sunday school
room of St. Luke's Church.
— Professor Edwin D. Starbuck,
of the Education department, lec
tures this evening before the
Sunday School Commission of the
Diocese of California on "The Re
ligious Development of the Child
Mind." The address is to be de
livered in the Sunday school
room of St. Luke's Church.
— Professor Edwin D. Starbuck,
of the Education department, lec
tures this evening before the
Sunday School Commission of the
Diocese of California on "The Re
ligious Development of the Child
Mind." The address is to be de
livered in the Sunday school
room of St. Luke's Church.
— Professor Edwin D. Starbuck,
of the Education department, lec
tures this evening before the
Sunday School Commission of the
Diocese of California on "The Re
ligious Development of the Child
Mind." The address is to be de
livered in the Sunday school
room of St. Luke's Church.
— Professor Edwin D. Starbuck,
of the Education department, lec
tures this evening before the
Sunday School Commission of the
Diocese of California on "The Re
ligious Development of the Child
Mind." The address is to be de
livered in the Sunday school
room of St. Luke's Church.
— Professor Edwin D. Starbuck,
of the Education department, lec
tures this evening before the
Sunday School Commission of the
Diocese of California on "The Re
ligious Development of the Child
Mind." The address is to be de
livered in the Sunday school
room of St. Luke's Church.
