# Dr. Jordan Has Runaway.
## 
### 
Yesterday afternoon President
and Mrs. Jordan, while riding in
the foothills, experienced an ex
citing runaway. Some horses that
had been turned out for pasture
started to run by them and fright
ened the team. Dr. Jordan got out
of the buggy in order to hold his
horses by the bits. One of them
reared and plunged, throwing the
President into a ditch, bruising
him some and skinning up his
forehead and hand. On getting up
he saw his team dashing down the
road alone with Mrs. Jordan, whose
danger was imminent. The frantic
team ran through a board fence,
breaking to pieties one of the front
wheels and damaging the vehicle
considerably. Mrs. Jordan at

tempted to jump from the rig and
was thrown out, escaping with a
few bruises.
