# Adv. 6 Page 2
## 
### 
r> §
Vacation Fund
*
A few dollars saved regularly from
your allowance soon build a worth
while vacation fund. Better still,
they build future ability to get the 5
things you want . . . through thrift.
/
s
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
II F. A D OFFICE: SAN FRANCISCO
Offices Throughout Northern California
BANKING SINCE 1854
§
MFMRFA F. D. I. C.
~ -= ——-
r> §
Vacation Fund
*
A few dollars saved regularly from
your allowance soon build a worth
while vacation fund. Better still,
they build future ability to get the 5
things you want . . . through thrift.
/
s
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
II F. A D OFFICE: SAN FRANCISCO
Offices Throughout Northern California
BANKING SINCE 1854
§
MFMRFA F. D. I. C.
~ -= ——-
r> §
Vacation Fund
*
A few dollars saved regularly from
your allowance soon build a worth
while vacation fund. Better still,
they build future ability to get the 5
things you want . . . through thrift.
/
s
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
II F. A D OFFICE: SAN FRANCISCO
Offices Throughout Northern California
BANKING SINCE 1854
§
MFMRFA F. D. I. C.
~ -= ——-
r> §
Vacation Fund
*
A few dollars saved regularly from
your allowance soon build a worth
while vacation fund. Better still,
they build future ability to get the 5
things you want . . . through thrift.
/
s
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
II F. A D OFFICE: SAN FRANCISCO
Offices Throughout Northern California
BANKING SINCE 1854
§
MFMRFA F. D. I. C.
~ -= ——-
r> §
Vacation Fund
*
A few dollars saved regularly from
your allowance soon build a worth
while vacation fund. Better still,
they build future ability to get the 5
things you want . . . through thrift.
/
s
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
II F. A D OFFICE: SAN FRANCISCO
Offices Throughout Northern California
BANKING SINCE 1854
§
MFMRFA F. D. I. C.
~ -= ——-
r> §
Vacation Fund
*
A few dollars saved regularly from
your allowance soon build a worth
while vacation fund. Better still,
they build future ability to get the 5
things you want . . . through thrift.
/
s
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
II F. A D OFFICE: SAN FRANCISCO
Offices Throughout Northern California
BANKING SINCE 1854
§
MFMRFA F. D. I. C.
~ -= ——-
r> §
Vacation Fund
*
A few dollars saved regularly from
your allowance soon build a worth
while vacation fund. Better still,
they build future ability to get the 5
things you want . . . through thrift.
/
s
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
II F. A D OFFICE: SAN FRANCISCO
Offices Throughout Northern California
BANKING SINCE 1854
§
MFMRFA F. D. I. C.
~ -= ——-
r> §
Vacation Fund
*
A few dollars saved regularly from
your allowance soon build a worth
while vacation fund. Better still,
they build future ability to get the 5
things you want . . . through thrift.
/
s
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
II F. A D OFFICE: SAN FRANCISCO
Offices Throughout Northern California
BANKING SINCE 1854
§
MFMRFA F. D. I. C.
~ -= ——-
r> §
Vacation Fund
*
A few dollars saved regularly from
your allowance soon build a worth
while vacation fund. Better still,
they build future ability to get the 5
things you want . . . through thrift.
/
s
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
II F. A D OFFICE: SAN FRANCISCO
Offices Throughout Northern California
BANKING SINCE 1854
§
MFMRFA F. D. I. C.
~ -= ——-
r> §
Vacation Fund
*
A few dollars saved regularly from
your allowance soon build a worth
while vacation fund. Better still,
they build future ability to get the 5
things you want . . . through thrift.
/
s
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
II F. A D OFFICE: SAN FRANCISCO
Offices Throughout Northern California
BANKING SINCE 1854
§
MFMRFA F. D. I. C.
~ -= ——-
r> §
Vacation Fund
*
A few dollars saved regularly from
your allowance soon build a worth
while vacation fund. Better still,
they build future ability to get the 5
things you want . . . through thrift.
/
s
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
II F. A D OFFICE: SAN FRANCISCO
Offices Throughout Northern California
BANKING SINCE 1854
§
MFMRFA F. D. I. C.
~ -= ——-
r> §
Vacation Fund
*
A few dollars saved regularly from
your allowance soon build a worth
while vacation fund. Better still,
they build future ability to get the 5
things you want . . . through thrift.
/
s
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
II F. A D OFFICE: SAN FRANCISCO
Offices Throughout Northern California
BANKING SINCE 1854
§
MFMRFA F. D. I. C.
~ -= ——-
r> §
Vacation Fund
*
A few dollars saved regularly from
your allowance soon build a worth
while vacation fund. Better still,
they build future ability to get the 5
things you want . . . through thrift.
/
s
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
II F. A D OFFICE: SAN FRANCISCO
Offices Throughout Northern California
BANKING SINCE 1854
§
MFMRFA F. D. I. C.
~ -= ——-
r> §
Vacation Fund
*
A few dollars saved regularly from
your allowance soon build a worth
while vacation fund. Better still,
they build future ability to get the 5
things you want . . . through thrift.
/
s
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
II F. A D OFFICE: SAN FRANCISCO
Offices Throughout Northern California
BANKING SINCE 1854
§
MFMRFA F. D. I. C.
~ -= ——-
r> §
Vacation Fund
*
A few dollars saved regularly from
your allowance soon build a worth
while vacation fund. Better still,
they build future ability to get the 5
things you want . . . through thrift.
/
s
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
II F. A D OFFICE: SAN FRANCISCO
Offices Throughout Northern California
BANKING SINCE 1854
§
MFMRFA F. D. I. C.
~ -= ——-
