# Cal Rears Named National Champs
## 
### 
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 6 (UP). —
California's Golden Bears today were
named national collegiate football
champions for 1937 by Paul B. Wil
liamson, rating expert.
Williamson, who has been fore
casting gridiron results by his sys
tem for six years, said California
stood out as the most consistent na
tional collegiate champion for the
year.
Pittsburgh was chosen second and j
Santa Clara third among the 24 j
leading teams.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 6 (UP). —
California's Golden Bears today were
named national collegiate football
champions for 1937 by Paul B. Wil
liamson, rating expert.
Williamson, who has been fore
casting gridiron results by his sys
tem for six years, said California
stood out as the most consistent na
tional collegiate champion for the
year.
Pittsburgh was chosen second and j
Santa Clara third among the 24 j
leading teams.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 6 (UP). —
California's Golden Bears today were
named national collegiate football
champions for 1937 by Paul B. Wil
liamson, rating expert.
Williamson, who has been fore
casting gridiron results by his sys
tem for six years, said California
stood out as the most consistent na
tional collegiate champion for the
year.
Pittsburgh was chosen second and j
Santa Clara third among the 24 j
leading teams.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 6 (UP). —
California's Golden Bears today were
named national collegiate football
champions for 1937 by Paul B. Wil
liamson, rating expert.
Williamson, who has been fore
casting gridiron results by his sys
tem for six years, said California
stood out as the most consistent na
tional collegiate champion for the
year.
Pittsburgh was chosen second and j
Santa Clara third among the 24 j
leading teams.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 6 (UP). —
California's Golden Bears today were
named national collegiate football
champions for 1937 by Paul B. Wil
liamson, rating expert.
Williamson, who has been fore
casting gridiron results by his sys
tem for six years, said California
stood out as the most consistent na
tional collegiate champion for the
year.
Pittsburgh was chosen second and j
Santa Clara third among the 24 j
leading teams.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 6 (UP). —
California's Golden Bears today were
named national collegiate football
champions for 1937 by Paul B. Wil
liamson, rating expert.
Williamson, who has been fore
casting gridiron results by his sys
tem for six years, said California
stood out as the most consistent na
tional collegiate champion for the
year.
Pittsburgh was chosen second and j
Santa Clara third among the 24 j
leading teams.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 6 (UP). —
California's Golden Bears today were
named national collegiate football
champions for 1937 by Paul B. Wil
liamson, rating expert.
Williamson, who has been fore
casting gridiron results by his sys
tem for six years, said California
stood out as the most consistent na
tional collegiate champion for the
year.
Pittsburgh was chosen second and j
Santa Clara third among the 24 j
leading teams.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 6 (UP). —
California's Golden Bears today were
named national collegiate football
champions for 1937 by Paul B. Wil
liamson, rating expert.
Williamson, who has been fore
casting gridiron results by his sys
tem for six years, said California
stood out as the most consistent na
tional collegiate champion for the
year.
Pittsburgh was chosen second and j
Santa Clara third among the 24 j
leading teams.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 6 (UP). —
California's Golden Bears today were
named national collegiate football
champions for 1937 by Paul B. Wil
liamson, rating expert.
Williamson, who has been fore
casting gridiron results by his sys
tem for six years, said California
stood out as the most consistent na
tional collegiate champion for the
year.
Pittsburgh was chosen second and j
Santa Clara third among the 24 j
leading teams.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 6 (UP). —
California's Golden Bears today were
named national collegiate football
champions for 1937 by Paul B. Wil
liamson, rating expert.
Williamson, who has been fore
casting gridiron results by his sys
tem for six years, said California
stood out as the most consistent na
tional collegiate champion for the
year.
Pittsburgh was chosen second and j
Santa Clara third among the 24 j
leading teams.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 6 (UP). —
California's Golden Bears today were
named national collegiate football
champions for 1937 by Paul B. Wil
liamson, rating expert.
Williamson, who has been fore
casting gridiron results by his sys
tem for six years, said California
stood out as the most consistent na
tional collegiate champion for the
year.
Pittsburgh was chosen second and j
Santa Clara third among the 24 j
leading teams.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 6 (UP). —
California's Golden Bears today were
named national collegiate football
champions for 1937 by Paul B. Wil
liamson, rating expert.
Williamson, who has been fore
casting gridiron results by his sys
tem for six years, said California
stood out as the most consistent na
tional collegiate champion for the
year.
Pittsburgh was chosen second and j
Santa Clara third among the 24 j
leading teams.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 6 (UP). —
California's Golden Bears today were
named national collegiate football
champions for 1937 by Paul B. Wil
liamson, rating expert.
Williamson, who has been fore
casting gridiron results by his sys
tem for six years, said California
stood out as the most consistent na
tional collegiate champion for the
year.
Pittsburgh was chosen second and j
Santa Clara third among the 24 j
leading teams.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 6 (UP). —
California's Golden Bears today were
named national collegiate football
champions for 1937 by Paul B. Wil
liamson, rating expert.
Williamson, who has been fore
casting gridiron results by his sys
tem for six years, said California
stood out as the most consistent na
tional collegiate champion for the
year.
Pittsburgh was chosen second and j
Santa Clara third among the 24 j
leading teams.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 6 (UP). —
California's Golden Bears today were
named national collegiate football
champions for 1937 by Paul B. Wil
liamson, rating expert.
Williamson, who has been fore
casting gridiron results by his sys
tem for six years, said California
stood out as the most consistent na
tional collegiate champion for the
year.
Pittsburgh was chosen second and j
Santa Clara third among the 24 j
leading teams.
