# HAWAII AIR BASE
## 
### 
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Jan. 6 (UP).—
Hawaii, mid-Pacific outpost in the
Navy's defense plans, will be one
of the strongest air bases in the
world before the end of 1938, it
was revealed here today by high
naval authorities.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Jan. 6 (UP).—
Hawaii, mid-Pacific outpost in the
Navy's defense plans, will be one
of the strongest air bases in the
world before the end of 1938, it
was revealed here today by high
naval authorities.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Jan. 6 (UP).—
Hawaii, mid-Pacific outpost in the
Navy's defense plans, will be one
of the strongest air bases in the
world before the end of 1938, it
was revealed here today by high
naval authorities.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Jan. 6 (UP).—
Hawaii, mid-Pacific outpost in the
Navy's defense plans, will be one
of the strongest air bases in the
world before the end of 1938, it
was revealed here today by high
naval authorities.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Jan. 6 (UP).—
Hawaii, mid-Pacific outpost in the
Navy's defense plans, will be one
of the strongest air bases in the
world before the end of 1938, it
was revealed here today by high
naval authorities.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Jan. 6 (UP).—
Hawaii, mid-Pacific outpost in the
Navy's defense plans, will be one
of the strongest air bases in the
world before the end of 1938, it
was revealed here today by high
naval authorities.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Jan. 6 (UP).—
Hawaii, mid-Pacific outpost in the
Navy's defense plans, will be one
of the strongest air bases in the
world before the end of 1938, it
was revealed here today by high
naval authorities.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Jan. 6 (UP).—
Hawaii, mid-Pacific outpost in the
Navy's defense plans, will be one
of the strongest air bases in the
world before the end of 1938, it
was revealed here today by high
naval authorities.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Jan. 6 (UP).—
Hawaii, mid-Pacific outpost in the
Navy's defense plans, will be one
of the strongest air bases in the
world before the end of 1938, it
was revealed here today by high
naval authorities.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Jan. 6 (UP).—
Hawaii, mid-Pacific outpost in the
Navy's defense plans, will be one
of the strongest air bases in the
world before the end of 1938, it
was revealed here today by high
naval authorities.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Jan. 6 (UP).—
Hawaii, mid-Pacific outpost in the
Navy's defense plans, will be one
of the strongest air bases in the
world before the end of 1938, it
was revealed here today by high
naval authorities.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Jan. 6 (UP).—
Hawaii, mid-Pacific outpost in the
Navy's defense plans, will be one
of the strongest air bases in the
world before the end of 1938, it
was revealed here today by high
naval authorities.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Jan. 6 (UP).—
Hawaii, mid-Pacific outpost in the
Navy's defense plans, will be one
of the strongest air bases in the
world before the end of 1938, it
was revealed here today by high
naval authorities.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Jan. 6 (UP).—
Hawaii, mid-Pacific outpost in the
Navy's defense plans, will be one
of the strongest air bases in the
world before the end of 1938, it
was revealed here today by high
naval authorities.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Jan. 6 (UP).—
Hawaii, mid-Pacific outpost in the
Navy's defense plans, will be one
of the strongest air bases in the
world before the end of 1938, it
was revealed here today by high
naval authorities.
