# Marriage in the Air
## 
### 

ALL UP IN the air over their
wedding are Air Hostess Dorothy
Keke and Robert D. Faulkner.
Kansas City businessman. They
are shown in the interior of a
TWA skyliner while flying over
Burhank as Jndge Newell Kails
conducts their marriage ceremony.

ALL UP IN the air over their
wedding are Air Hostess Dorothy
Keke and Robert D. Faulkner.
Kansas City businessman. They
are shown in the interior of a
TWA skyliner while flying over
Burhank as Jndge Newell Kails
conducts their marriage ceremony.

ALL UP IN the air over their
wedding are Air Hostess Dorothy
Keke and Robert D. Faulkner.
Kansas City businessman. They
are shown in the interior of a
TWA skyliner while flying over
Burhank as Jndge Newell Kails
conducts their marriage ceremony.

ALL UP IN the air over their
wedding are Air Hostess Dorothy
Keke and Robert D. Faulkner.
Kansas City businessman. They
are shown in the interior of a
TWA skyliner while flying over
Burhank as Jndge Newell Kails
conducts their marriage ceremony.

ALL UP IN the air over their
wedding are Air Hostess Dorothy
Keke and Robert D. Faulkner.
Kansas City businessman. They
are shown in the interior of a
TWA skyliner while flying over
Burhank as Jndge Newell Kails
conducts their marriage ceremony.

ALL UP IN the air over their
wedding are Air Hostess Dorothy
Keke and Robert D. Faulkner.
Kansas City businessman. They
are shown in the interior of a
TWA skyliner while flying over
Burhank as Jndge Newell Kails
conducts their marriage ceremony.

ALL UP IN the air over their
wedding are Air Hostess Dorothy
Keke and Robert D. Faulkner.
Kansas City businessman. They
are shown in the interior of a
TWA skyliner while flying over
Burhank as Jndge Newell Kails
conducts their marriage ceremony.

ALL UP IN the air over their
wedding are Air Hostess Dorothy
Keke and Robert D. Faulkner.
Kansas City businessman. They
are shown in the interior of a
TWA skyliner while flying over
Burhank as Jndge Newell Kails
conducts their marriage ceremony.

ALL UP IN the air over their
wedding are Air Hostess Dorothy
Keke and Robert D. Faulkner.
Kansas City businessman. They
are shown in the interior of a
TWA skyliner while flying over
Burhank as Jndge Newell Kails
conducts their marriage ceremony.

ALL UP IN the air over their
wedding are Air Hostess Dorothy
Keke and Robert D. Faulkner.
Kansas City businessman. They
are shown in the interior of a
TWA skyliner while flying over
Burhank as Jndge Newell Kails
conducts their marriage ceremony.

ALL UP IN the air over their
wedding are Air Hostess Dorothy
Keke and Robert D. Faulkner.
Kansas City businessman. They
are shown in the interior of a
TWA skyliner while flying over
Burhank as Jndge Newell Kails
conducts their marriage ceremony.

ALL UP IN the air over their
wedding are Air Hostess Dorothy
Keke and Robert D. Faulkner.
Kansas City businessman. They
are shown in the interior of a
TWA skyliner while flying over
Burhank as Jndge Newell Kails
conducts their marriage ceremony.

ALL UP IN the air over their
wedding are Air Hostess Dorothy
Keke and Robert D. Faulkner.
Kansas City businessman. They
are shown in the interior of a
TWA skyliner while flying over
Burhank as Jndge Newell Kails
conducts their marriage ceremony.

ALL UP IN the air over their
wedding are Air Hostess Dorothy
Keke and Robert D. Faulkner.
Kansas City businessman. They
are shown in the interior of a
TWA skyliner while flying over
Burhank as Jndge Newell Kails
conducts their marriage ceremony.

ALL UP IN the air over their
wedding are Air Hostess Dorothy
Keke and Robert D. Faulkner.
Kansas City businessman. They
are shown in the interior of a
TWA skyliner while flying over
Burhank as Jndge Newell Kails
conducts their marriage ceremony.
