# 'Y' Delegates Plan Symposium
## 
### 
Plans for an all-campus sym
posium meeting next Wednesday
evening to be conducted by mem
bers of the delegations from Stan
ford, who attended the Asilomar
Conference and National Christian
Assembly over vacation were dis
cussed yesterday at a meeting at
tended by a committee of the dele
gates held in the Women's Club
house.
Student interest on the campus as
shown by requests to learn more
concerning these conferences and
the problems and convictions of
college youth there discussed has
prompted this action, according to
Ellabeth Detter and Henry Tani, Co
chairmen for the Symposium.
Other members of the Committee
include Don Crawford, Gerald Mar
cus, Jack Hata, and Jackie Brown.
Plans for an all-campus sym
posium meeting next Wednesday
evening to be conducted by mem
bers of the delegations from Stan
ford, who attended the Asilomar
Conference and National Christian
Assembly over vacation were dis
cussed yesterday at a meeting at
tended by a committee of the dele
gates held in the Women's Club
house.
Student interest on the campus as
shown by requests to learn more
concerning these conferences and
the problems and convictions of
college youth there discussed has
prompted this action, according to
Ellabeth Detter and Henry Tani, Co
chairmen for the Symposium.
Other members of the Committee
include Don Crawford, Gerald Mar
cus, Jack Hata, and Jackie Brown.
Plans for an all-campus sym
posium meeting next Wednesday
evening to be conducted by mem
bers of the delegations from Stan
ford, who attended the Asilomar
Conference and National Christian
Assembly over vacation were dis
cussed yesterday at a meeting at
tended by a committee of the dele
gates held in the Women's Club
house.
Student interest on the campus as
shown by requests to learn more
concerning these conferences and
the problems and convictions of
college youth there discussed has
prompted this action, according to
Ellabeth Detter and Henry Tani, Co
chairmen for the Symposium.
Other members of the Committee
include Don Crawford, Gerald Mar
cus, Jack Hata, and Jackie Brown.
Plans for an all-campus sym
posium meeting next Wednesday
evening to be conducted by mem
bers of the delegations from Stan
ford, who attended the Asilomar
Conference and National Christian
Assembly over vacation were dis
cussed yesterday at a meeting at
tended by a committee of the dele
gates held in the Women's Club
house.
Student interest on the campus as
shown by requests to learn more
concerning these conferences and
the problems and convictions of
college youth there discussed has
prompted this action, according to
Ellabeth Detter and Henry Tani, Co
chairmen for the Symposium.
Other members of the Committee
include Don Crawford, Gerald Mar
cus, Jack Hata, and Jackie Brown.
Plans for an all-campus sym
posium meeting next Wednesday
evening to be conducted by mem
bers of the delegations from Stan
ford, who attended the Asilomar
Conference and National Christian
Assembly over vacation were dis
cussed yesterday at a meeting at
tended by a committee of the dele
gates held in the Women's Club
house.
Student interest on the campus as
shown by requests to learn more
concerning these conferences and
the problems and convictions of
college youth there discussed has
prompted this action, according to
Ellabeth Detter and Henry Tani, Co
chairmen for the Symposium.
Other members of the Committee
include Don Crawford, Gerald Mar
cus, Jack Hata, and Jackie Brown.
Plans for an all-campus sym
posium meeting next Wednesday
evening to be conducted by mem
bers of the delegations from Stan
ford, who attended the Asilomar
Conference and National Christian
Assembly over vacation were dis
cussed yesterday at a meeting at
tended by a committee of the dele
gates held in the Women's Club
house.
Student interest on the campus as
shown by requests to learn more
concerning these conferences and
the problems and convictions of
college youth there discussed has
prompted this action, according to
Ellabeth Detter and Henry Tani, Co
chairmen for the Symposium.
Other members of the Committee
include Don Crawford, Gerald Mar
cus, Jack Hata, and Jackie Brown.
Plans for an all-campus sym
posium meeting next Wednesday
evening to be conducted by mem
bers of the delegations from Stan
ford, who attended the Asilomar
Conference and National Christian
Assembly over vacation were dis
cussed yesterday at a meeting at
tended by a committee of the dele
gates held in the Women's Club
house.
Student interest on the campus as
shown by requests to learn more
concerning these conferences and
the problems and convictions of
college youth there discussed has
prompted this action, according to
Ellabeth Detter and Henry Tani, Co
chairmen for the Symposium.
Other members of the Committee
include Don Crawford, Gerald Mar
cus, Jack Hata, and Jackie Brown.
Plans for an all-campus sym
posium meeting next Wednesday
evening to be conducted by mem
bers of the delegations from Stan
ford, who attended the Asilomar
Conference and National Christian
Assembly over vacation were dis
cussed yesterday at a meeting at
tended by a committee of the dele
gates held in the Women's Club
house.
Student interest on the campus as
shown by requests to learn more
concerning these conferences and
the problems and convictions of
college youth there discussed has
prompted this action, according to
Ellabeth Detter and Henry Tani, Co
chairmen for the Symposium.
Other members of the Committee
include Don Crawford, Gerald Mar
cus, Jack Hata, and Jackie Brown.
Plans for an all-campus sym
posium meeting next Wednesday
evening to be conducted by mem
bers of the delegations from Stan
ford, who attended the Asilomar
Conference and National Christian
Assembly over vacation were dis
cussed yesterday at a meeting at
tended by a committee of the dele
gates held in the Women's Club
house.
Student interest on the campus as
shown by requests to learn more
concerning these conferences and
the problems and convictions of
college youth there discussed has
prompted this action, according to
Ellabeth Detter and Henry Tani, Co
chairmen for the Symposium.
Other members of the Committee
include Don Crawford, Gerald Mar
cus, Jack Hata, and Jackie Brown.
Plans for an all-campus sym
posium meeting next Wednesday
evening to be conducted by mem
bers of the delegations from Stan
ford, who attended the Asilomar
Conference and National Christian
Assembly over vacation were dis
cussed yesterday at a meeting at
tended by a committee of the dele
gates held in the Women's Club
house.
Student interest on the campus as
shown by requests to learn more
concerning these conferences and
the problems and convictions of
college youth there discussed has
prompted this action, according to
Ellabeth Detter and Henry Tani, Co
chairmen for the Symposium.
Other members of the Committee
include Don Crawford, Gerald Mar
cus, Jack Hata, and Jackie Brown.
Plans for an all-campus sym
posium meeting next Wednesday
evening to be conducted by mem
bers of the delegations from Stan
ford, who attended the Asilomar
Conference and National Christian
Assembly over vacation were dis
cussed yesterday at a meeting at
tended by a committee of the dele
gates held in the Women's Club
house.
Student interest on the campus as
shown by requests to learn more
concerning these conferences and
the problems and convictions of
college youth there discussed has
prompted this action, according to
Ellabeth Detter and Henry Tani, Co
chairmen for the Symposium.
Other members of the Committee
include Don Crawford, Gerald Mar
cus, Jack Hata, and Jackie Brown.
Plans for an all-campus sym
posium meeting next Wednesday
evening to be conducted by mem
bers of the delegations from Stan
ford, who attended the Asilomar
Conference and National Christian
Assembly over vacation were dis
cussed yesterday at a meeting at
tended by a committee of the dele
gates held in the Women's Club
house.
Student interest on the campus as
shown by requests to learn more
concerning these conferences and
the problems and convictions of
college youth there discussed has
prompted this action, according to
Ellabeth Detter and Henry Tani, Co
chairmen for the Symposium.
Other members of the Committee
include Don Crawford, Gerald Mar
cus, Jack Hata, and Jackie Brown.
Plans for an all-campus sym
posium meeting next Wednesday
evening to be conducted by mem
bers of the delegations from Stan
ford, who attended the Asilomar
Conference and National Christian
Assembly over vacation were dis
cussed yesterday at a meeting at
tended by a committee of the dele
gates held in the Women's Club
house.
Student interest on the campus as
shown by requests to learn more
concerning these conferences and
the problems and convictions of
college youth there discussed has
prompted this action, according to
Ellabeth Detter and Henry Tani, Co
chairmen for the Symposium.
Other members of the Committee
include Don Crawford, Gerald Mar
cus, Jack Hata, and Jackie Brown.
Plans for an all-campus sym
posium meeting next Wednesday
evening to be conducted by mem
bers of the delegations from Stan
ford, who attended the Asilomar
Conference and National Christian
Assembly over vacation were dis
cussed yesterday at a meeting at
tended by a committee of the dele
gates held in the Women's Club
house.
Student interest on the campus as
shown by requests to learn more
concerning these conferences and
the problems and convictions of
college youth there discussed has
prompted this action, according to
Ellabeth Detter and Henry Tani, Co
chairmen for the Symposium.
Other members of the Committee
include Don Crawford, Gerald Mar
cus, Jack Hata, and Jackie Brown.
Plans for an all-campus sym
posium meeting next Wednesday
evening to be conducted by mem
bers of the delegations from Stan
ford, who attended the Asilomar
Conference and National Christian
Assembly over vacation were dis
cussed yesterday at a meeting at
tended by a committee of the dele
gates held in the Women's Club
house.
Student interest on the campus as
shown by requests to learn more
concerning these conferences and
the problems and convictions of
college youth there discussed has
prompted this action, according to
Ellabeth Detter and Henry Tani, Co
chairmen for the Symposium.
Other members of the Committee
include Don Crawford, Gerald Mar
cus, Jack Hata, and Jackie Brown.
