# MILK FOR GRID MEN
## 
### 
During training season, the Stanford
football team consumes eight gallons j
of milk a day.
During training season, the Stanford
football team consumes eight gallons j
of milk a day.
During training season, the Stanford
football team consumes eight gallons j
of milk a day.
During training season, the Stanford
football team consumes eight gallons j
of milk a day.
During training season, the Stanford
football team consumes eight gallons j
of milk a day.
During training season, the Stanford
football team consumes eight gallons j
of milk a day.
During training season, the Stanford
football team consumes eight gallons j
of milk a day.
During training season, the Stanford
football team consumes eight gallons j
of milk a day.
During training season, the Stanford
football team consumes eight gallons j
of milk a day.
During training season, the Stanford
football team consumes eight gallons j
of milk a day.
During training season, the Stanford
football team consumes eight gallons j
of milk a day.
During training season, the Stanford
football team consumes eight gallons j
of milk a day.
During training season, the Stanford
football team consumes eight gallons j
of milk a day.
During training season, the Stanford
football team consumes eight gallons j
of milk a day.
During training season, the Stanford
football team consumes eight gallons j
of milk a day.
