# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Rohlo Hall takes pleasure in an
nouncing the engagement of Miss
Ann Marie Stark, Class of '6!5, lo
Mr. Allen E. De Fraga, Class of
'02, Hastings I.aw School, Class
of '65.
Rohlo Hall takes pleasure in an
nouncing the engagement of Miss
Ann Marie Stark, Class of '6!5, lo
Mr. Allen E. De Fraga, Class of
'02, Hastings I.aw School, Class
of '65.
Rohlo Hall takes pleasure in an
nouncing the engagement of Miss
Ann Marie Stark, Class of '6!5, lo
Mr. Allen E. De Fraga, Class of
'02, Hastings I.aw School, Class
of '65.
Rohlo Hall takes pleasure in an
nouncing the engagement of Miss
Ann Marie Stark, Class of '6!5, lo
Mr. Allen E. De Fraga, Class of
'02, Hastings I.aw School, Class
of '65.
Rohlo Hall takes pleasure in an
nouncing the engagement of Miss
Ann Marie Stark, Class of '6!5, lo
Mr. Allen E. De Fraga, Class of
'02, Hastings I.aw School, Class
of '65.
Rohlo Hall takes pleasure in an
nouncing the engagement of Miss
Ann Marie Stark, Class of '6!5, lo
Mr. Allen E. De Fraga, Class of
'02, Hastings I.aw School, Class
of '65.
Rohlo Hall takes pleasure in an
nouncing the engagement of Miss
Ann Marie Stark, Class of '6!5, lo
Mr. Allen E. De Fraga, Class of
'02, Hastings I.aw School, Class
of '65.
Rohlo Hall takes pleasure in an
nouncing the engagement of Miss
Ann Marie Stark, Class of '6!5, lo
Mr. Allen E. De Fraga, Class of
'02, Hastings I.aw School, Class
of '65.
Rohlo Hall takes pleasure in an
nouncing the engagement of Miss
Ann Marie Stark, Class of '6!5, lo
Mr. Allen E. De Fraga, Class of
'02, Hastings I.aw School, Class
of '65.
Rohlo Hall takes pleasure in an
nouncing the engagement of Miss
Ann Marie Stark, Class of '6!5, lo
Mr. Allen E. De Fraga, Class of
'02, Hastings I.aw School, Class
of '65.
Rohlo Hall takes pleasure in an
nouncing the engagement of Miss
Ann Marie Stark, Class of '6!5, lo
Mr. Allen E. De Fraga, Class of
'02, Hastings I.aw School, Class
of '65.
Rohlo Hall takes pleasure in an
nouncing the engagement of Miss
Ann Marie Stark, Class of '6!5, lo
Mr. Allen E. De Fraga, Class of
'02, Hastings I.aw School, Class
of '65.
Rohlo Hall takes pleasure in an
nouncing the engagement of Miss
Ann Marie Stark, Class of '6!5, lo
Mr. Allen E. De Fraga, Class of
'02, Hastings I.aw School, Class
of '65.
Rohlo Hall takes pleasure in an
nouncing the engagement of Miss
Ann Marie Stark, Class of '6!5, lo
Mr. Allen E. De Fraga, Class of
'02, Hastings I.aw School, Class
of '65.
Rohlo Hall takes pleasure in an
nouncing the engagement of Miss
Ann Marie Stark, Class of '6!5, lo
Mr. Allen E. De Fraga, Class of
'02, Hastings I.aw School, Class
of '65.
