# BRINGS GOLD FROM RUSSIA
## 
### 

RUSTY-lIULLED SOVIET freighter Kim arrived in Sail Francisco, where she discharged $5.(500.000 of the
first gold to come directly from Russia to the United States in more than two years. Gold may be used to
purchase machinery, ore, and wheat. Presence of guards prompted rumors that the Kim might transport the
crew of the scuttled German liner Columbus, now detained in San Francisco, to Russia.

RUSTY-lIULLED SOVIET freighter Kim arrived in Sail Francisco, where she discharged $5.(500.000 of the
first gold to come directly from Russia to the United States in more than two years. Gold may be used to
purchase machinery, ore, and wheat. Presence of guards prompted rumors that the Kim might transport the
crew of the scuttled German liner Columbus, now detained in San Francisco, to Russia.

RUSTY-lIULLED SOVIET freighter Kim arrived in Sail Francisco, where she discharged $5.(500.000 of the
first gold to come directly from Russia to the United States in more than two years. Gold may be used to
purchase machinery, ore, and wheat. Presence of guards prompted rumors that the Kim might transport the
crew of the scuttled German liner Columbus, now detained in San Francisco, to Russia.

RUSTY-lIULLED SOVIET freighter Kim arrived in Sail Francisco, where she discharged $5.(500.000 of the
first gold to come directly from Russia to the United States in more than two years. Gold may be used to
purchase machinery, ore, and wheat. Presence of guards prompted rumors that the Kim might transport the
crew of the scuttled German liner Columbus, now detained in San Francisco, to Russia.

RUSTY-lIULLED SOVIET freighter Kim arrived in Sail Francisco, where she discharged $5.(500.000 of the
first gold to come directly from Russia to the United States in more than two years. Gold may be used to
purchase machinery, ore, and wheat. Presence of guards prompted rumors that the Kim might transport the
crew of the scuttled German liner Columbus, now detained in San Francisco, to Russia.

RUSTY-lIULLED SOVIET freighter Kim arrived in Sail Francisco, where she discharged $5.(500.000 of the
first gold to come directly from Russia to the United States in more than two years. Gold may be used to
purchase machinery, ore, and wheat. Presence of guards prompted rumors that the Kim might transport the
crew of the scuttled German liner Columbus, now detained in San Francisco, to Russia.

RUSTY-lIULLED SOVIET freighter Kim arrived in Sail Francisco, where she discharged $5.(500.000 of the
first gold to come directly from Russia to the United States in more than two years. Gold may be used to
purchase machinery, ore, and wheat. Presence of guards prompted rumors that the Kim might transport the
crew of the scuttled German liner Columbus, now detained in San Francisco, to Russia.

RUSTY-lIULLED SOVIET freighter Kim arrived in Sail Francisco, where she discharged $5.(500.000 of the
first gold to come directly from Russia to the United States in more than two years. Gold may be used to
purchase machinery, ore, and wheat. Presence of guards prompted rumors that the Kim might transport the
crew of the scuttled German liner Columbus, now detained in San Francisco, to Russia.

RUSTY-lIULLED SOVIET freighter Kim arrived in Sail Francisco, where she discharged $5.(500.000 of the
first gold to come directly from Russia to the United States in more than two years. Gold may be used to
purchase machinery, ore, and wheat. Presence of guards prompted rumors that the Kim might transport the
crew of the scuttled German liner Columbus, now detained in San Francisco, to Russia.

RUSTY-lIULLED SOVIET freighter Kim arrived in Sail Francisco, where she discharged $5.(500.000 of the
first gold to come directly from Russia to the United States in more than two years. Gold may be used to
purchase machinery, ore, and wheat. Presence of guards prompted rumors that the Kim might transport the
crew of the scuttled German liner Columbus, now detained in San Francisco, to Russia.

RUSTY-lIULLED SOVIET freighter Kim arrived in Sail Francisco, where she discharged $5.(500.000 of the
first gold to come directly from Russia to the United States in more than two years. Gold may be used to
purchase machinery, ore, and wheat. Presence of guards prompted rumors that the Kim might transport the
crew of the scuttled German liner Columbus, now detained in San Francisco, to Russia.

RUSTY-lIULLED SOVIET freighter Kim arrived in Sail Francisco, where she discharged $5.(500.000 of the
first gold to come directly from Russia to the United States in more than two years. Gold may be used to
purchase machinery, ore, and wheat. Presence of guards prompted rumors that the Kim might transport the
crew of the scuttled German liner Columbus, now detained in San Francisco, to Russia.

RUSTY-lIULLED SOVIET freighter Kim arrived in Sail Francisco, where she discharged $5.(500.000 of the
first gold to come directly from Russia to the United States in more than two years. Gold may be used to
purchase machinery, ore, and wheat. Presence of guards prompted rumors that the Kim might transport the
crew of the scuttled German liner Columbus, now detained in San Francisco, to Russia.

RUSTY-lIULLED SOVIET freighter Kim arrived in Sail Francisco, where she discharged $5.(500.000 of the
first gold to come directly from Russia to the United States in more than two years. Gold may be used to
purchase machinery, ore, and wheat. Presence of guards prompted rumors that the Kim might transport the
crew of the scuttled German liner Columbus, now detained in San Francisco, to Russia.

RUSTY-lIULLED SOVIET freighter Kim arrived in Sail Francisco, where she discharged $5.(500.000 of the
first gold to come directly from Russia to the United States in more than two years. Gold may be used to
purchase machinery, ore, and wheat. Presence of guards prompted rumors that the Kim might transport the
crew of the scuttled German liner Columbus, now detained in San Francisco, to Russia.

RUSTY-lIULLED SOVIET freighter Kim arrived in Sail Francisco, where she discharged $5.(500.000 of the
first gold to come directly from Russia to the United States in more than two years. Gold may be used to
purchase machinery, ore, and wheat. Presence of guards prompted rumors that the Kim might transport the
crew of the scuttled German liner Columbus, now detained in San Francisco, to Russia.

RUSTY-lIULLED SOVIET freighter Kim arrived in Sail Francisco, where she discharged $5.(500.000 of the
first gold to come directly from Russia to the United States in more than two years. Gold may be used to
purchase machinery, ore, and wheat. Presence of guards prompted rumors that the Kim might transport the
crew of the scuttled German liner Columbus, now detained in San Francisco, to Russia.
