# Adv. 36 Page 11
## 
### 
SERVICES
Stanford Phd, past Harvard U. &
NEW Research Fellow, offers
world-class writing/research &
rewrite services. Well-published &
internationally known. Exper. in
cultural & scien. & medical fields
& grants. 650-529-1008
stanfordwriter@yahoo.com
TUTORING
TUTOR -MY HOME 11th gr Physics.
Math, SAT $35+/ hr 650-325-8388
WANTED
Hi-IQ MEN: Attractive Far East
Chinese lady seeks successful
SWM Pro 38-55 for fun, yin-yang
relationship, call: 650 858 4532
email: orientempress@webtv.net
High Quality drug mixture that will
give me an intense mental high as
well as keep me focused and stimu
lated enough to write a 15 page
paper. Drop off at EBF whenever
ready, I'm waiting outside.
Or come to the Daily Office.
