# ACTRESS LEAVES CONVENT
## 
### 
PARIS, April 15 (/Pi. — Mayse
Wendling, French actress who left
the stage for a convent, decided to
day. only a few days before the end
of her novitiate, to return to the
footlights.
PARIS, April 15 (/Pi. — Mayse
Wendling, French actress who left
the stage for a convent, decided to
day. only a few days before the end
of her novitiate, to return to the
footlights.
PARIS, April 15 (/Pi. — Mayse
Wendling, French actress who left
the stage for a convent, decided to
day. only a few days before the end
of her novitiate, to return to the
footlights.
PARIS, April 15 (/Pi. — Mayse
Wendling, French actress who left
the stage for a convent, decided to
day. only a few days before the end
of her novitiate, to return to the
footlights.
PARIS, April 15 (/Pi. — Mayse
Wendling, French actress who left
the stage for a convent, decided to
day. only a few days before the end
of her novitiate, to return to the
footlights.
PARIS, April 15 (/Pi. — Mayse
Wendling, French actress who left
the stage for a convent, decided to
day. only a few days before the end
of her novitiate, to return to the
footlights.
PARIS, April 15 (/Pi. — Mayse
Wendling, French actress who left
the stage for a convent, decided to
day. only a few days before the end
of her novitiate, to return to the
footlights.
PARIS, April 15 (/Pi. — Mayse
Wendling, French actress who left
the stage for a convent, decided to
day. only a few days before the end
of her novitiate, to return to the
footlights.
PARIS, April 15 (/Pi. — Mayse
Wendling, French actress who left
the stage for a convent, decided to
day. only a few days before the end
of her novitiate, to return to the
footlights.
PARIS, April 15 (/Pi. — Mayse
Wendling, French actress who left
the stage for a convent, decided to
day. only a few days before the end
of her novitiate, to return to the
footlights.
PARIS, April 15 (/Pi. — Mayse
Wendling, French actress who left
the stage for a convent, decided to
day. only a few days before the end
of her novitiate, to return to the
footlights.
PARIS, April 15 (/Pi. — Mayse
Wendling, French actress who left
the stage for a convent, decided to
day. only a few days before the end
of her novitiate, to return to the
footlights.
PARIS, April 15 (/Pi. — Mayse
Wendling, French actress who left
the stage for a convent, decided to
day. only a few days before the end
of her novitiate, to return to the
footlights.
PARIS, April 15 (/Pi. — Mayse
Wendling, French actress who left
the stage for a convent, decided to
day. only a few days before the end
of her novitiate, to return to the
footlights.
PARIS, April 15 (/Pi. — Mayse
Wendling, French actress who left
the stage for a convent, decided to
day. only a few days before the end
of her novitiate, to return to the
footlights.
