# RUGBY TRAINING TABLE TO START SUNDAY NOON.
## Fourteen Players Named as First Members of Squad at Zeta Psi House. 
### 
Fourteen men have been named bj
Captain Cass to form the first train
ins table for the Varsity rugby candi
dates. The players will report Sun
day noon to Trainer Maloney at the
Zeta Psi house, and will make that
their home for the remainder of the
season.
The custom of housing members of
the Varsity squad together for the
weeks preceding the intercollegiate
game, was inaugurated last year, and
proved so successful that the com
mittee accepted the generous offer of
the Zeta Psi house for the rest of
this season. The coming games with
the Australians have made it advis
able to begin the training table a week
earlier than usual this year.
The list of players will be changed
and added to from time to time, at
the discretion of the coaching com
mittee. Those who are to report Sun
day are Sanborn, Smith, Partridge,
Card, Schaupp, Frank, Thoburn, Cass,
Harrigan, Kern, Erb, Reeves, Noble,
and Risling.
Fourteen men have been named bj
Captain Cass to form the first train
ins table for the Varsity rugby candi
dates. The players will report Sun
day noon to Trainer Maloney at the
Zeta Psi house, and will make that
their home for the remainder of the
season.
The custom of housing members of
the Varsity squad together for the
weeks preceding the intercollegiate
game, was inaugurated last year, and
proved so successful that the com
mittee accepted the generous offer of
the Zeta Psi house for the rest of
this season. The coming games with
the Australians have made it advis
able to begin the training table a week
earlier than usual this year.
The list of players will be changed
and added to from time to time, at
the discretion of the coaching com
mittee. Those who are to report Sun
day are Sanborn, Smith, Partridge,
Card, Schaupp, Frank, Thoburn, Cass,
Harrigan, Kern, Erb, Reeves, Noble,
and Risling.
Fourteen men have been named bj
Captain Cass to form the first train
ins table for the Varsity rugby candi
dates. The players will report Sun
day noon to Trainer Maloney at the
Zeta Psi house, and will make that
their home for the remainder of the
season.
The custom of housing members of
the Varsity squad together for the
weeks preceding the intercollegiate
game, was inaugurated last year, and
proved so successful that the com
mittee accepted the generous offer of
the Zeta Psi house for the rest of
this season. The coming games with
the Australians have made it advis
able to begin the training table a week
earlier than usual this year.
The list of players will be changed
and added to from time to time, at
the discretion of the coaching com
mittee. Those who are to report Sun
day are Sanborn, Smith, Partridge,
Card, Schaupp, Frank, Thoburn, Cass,
Harrigan, Kern, Erb, Reeves, Noble,
and Risling.
Fourteen men have been named bj
Captain Cass to form the first train
ins table for the Varsity rugby candi
dates. The players will report Sun
day noon to Trainer Maloney at the
Zeta Psi house, and will make that
their home for the remainder of the
season.
The custom of housing members of
the Varsity squad together for the
weeks preceding the intercollegiate
game, was inaugurated last year, and
proved so successful that the com
mittee accepted the generous offer of
the Zeta Psi house for the rest of
this season. The coming games with
the Australians have made it advis
able to begin the training table a week
earlier than usual this year.
The list of players will be changed
and added to from time to time, at
the discretion of the coaching com
mittee. Those who are to report Sun
day are Sanborn, Smith, Partridge,
Card, Schaupp, Frank, Thoburn, Cass,
Harrigan, Kern, Erb, Reeves, Noble,
and Risling.
Fourteen men have been named bj
Captain Cass to form the first train
ins table for the Varsity rugby candi
dates. The players will report Sun
day noon to Trainer Maloney at the
Zeta Psi house, and will make that
their home for the remainder of the
season.
The custom of housing members of
the Varsity squad together for the
weeks preceding the intercollegiate
game, was inaugurated last year, and
proved so successful that the com
mittee accepted the generous offer of
the Zeta Psi house for the rest of
this season. The coming games with
the Australians have made it advis
able to begin the training table a week
earlier than usual this year.
The list of players will be changed
and added to from time to time, at
the discretion of the coaching com
mittee. Those who are to report Sun
day are Sanborn, Smith, Partridge,
Card, Schaupp, Frank, Thoburn, Cass,
Harrigan, Kern, Erb, Reeves, Noble,
and Risling.
Fourteen men have been named bj
Captain Cass to form the first train
ins table for the Varsity rugby candi
dates. The players will report Sun
day noon to Trainer Maloney at the
Zeta Psi house, and will make that
their home for the remainder of the
season.
The custom of housing members of
the Varsity squad together for the
weeks preceding the intercollegiate
game, was inaugurated last year, and
proved so successful that the com
mittee accepted the generous offer of
the Zeta Psi house for the rest of
this season. The coming games with
the Australians have made it advis
able to begin the training table a week
earlier than usual this year.
The list of players will be changed
and added to from time to time, at
the discretion of the coaching com
mittee. Those who are to report Sun
day are Sanborn, Smith, Partridge,
Card, Schaupp, Frank, Thoburn, Cass,
Harrigan, Kern, Erb, Reeves, Noble,
and Risling.
Fourteen men have been named bj
Captain Cass to form the first train
ins table for the Varsity rugby candi
dates. The players will report Sun
day noon to Trainer Maloney at the
Zeta Psi house, and will make that
their home for the remainder of the
season.
The custom of housing members of
the Varsity squad together for the
weeks preceding the intercollegiate
game, was inaugurated last year, and
proved so successful that the com
mittee accepted the generous offer of
the Zeta Psi house for the rest of
this season. The coming games with
the Australians have made it advis
able to begin the training table a week
earlier than usual this year.
The list of players will be changed
and added to from time to time, at
the discretion of the coaching com
mittee. Those who are to report Sun
day are Sanborn, Smith, Partridge,
Card, Schaupp, Frank, Thoburn, Cass,
Harrigan, Kern, Erb, Reeves, Noble,
and Risling.
Fourteen men have been named bj
Captain Cass to form the first train
ins table for the Varsity rugby candi
dates. The players will report Sun
day noon to Trainer Maloney at the
Zeta Psi house, and will make that
their home for the remainder of the
season.
The custom of housing members of
the Varsity squad together for the
weeks preceding the intercollegiate
game, was inaugurated last year, and
proved so successful that the com
mittee accepted the generous offer of
the Zeta Psi house for the rest of
this season. The coming games with
the Australians have made it advis
able to begin the training table a week
earlier than usual this year.
The list of players will be changed
and added to from time to time, at
the discretion of the coaching com
mittee. Those who are to report Sun
day are Sanborn, Smith, Partridge,
Card, Schaupp, Frank, Thoburn, Cass,
Harrigan, Kern, Erb, Reeves, Noble,
and Risling.
Fourteen men have been named bj
Captain Cass to form the first train
ins table for the Varsity rugby candi
dates. The players will report Sun
day noon to Trainer Maloney at the
Zeta Psi house, and will make that
their home for the remainder of the
season.
The custom of housing members of
the Varsity squad together for the
weeks preceding the intercollegiate
game, was inaugurated last year, and
proved so successful that the com
mittee accepted the generous offer of
the Zeta Psi house for the rest of
this season. The coming games with
the Australians have made it advis
able to begin the training table a week
earlier than usual this year.
The list of players will be changed
and added to from time to time, at
the discretion of the coaching com
mittee. Those who are to report Sun
day are Sanborn, Smith, Partridge,
Card, Schaupp, Frank, Thoburn, Cass,
Harrigan, Kern, Erb, Reeves, Noble,
and Risling.
Fourteen men have been named bj
Captain Cass to form the first train
ins table for the Varsity rugby candi
dates. The players will report Sun
day noon to Trainer Maloney at the
Zeta Psi house, and will make that
their home for the remainder of the
season.
The custom of housing members of
the Varsity squad together for the
weeks preceding the intercollegiate
game, was inaugurated last year, and
proved so successful that the com
mittee accepted the generous offer of
the Zeta Psi house for the rest of
this season. The coming games with
the Australians have made it advis
able to begin the training table a week
earlier than usual this year.
The list of players will be changed
and added to from time to time, at
the discretion of the coaching com
mittee. Those who are to report Sun
day are Sanborn, Smith, Partridge,
Card, Schaupp, Frank, Thoburn, Cass,
Harrigan, Kern, Erb, Reeves, Noble,
and Risling.
Fourteen men have been named bj
Captain Cass to form the first train
ins table for the Varsity rugby candi
dates. The players will report Sun
day noon to Trainer Maloney at the
Zeta Psi house, and will make that
their home for the remainder of the
season.
The custom of housing members of
the Varsity squad together for the
weeks preceding the intercollegiate
game, was inaugurated last year, and
proved so successful that the com
mittee accepted the generous offer of
the Zeta Psi house for the rest of
this season. The coming games with
the Australians have made it advis
able to begin the training table a week
earlier than usual this year.
The list of players will be changed
and added to from time to time, at
the discretion of the coaching com
mittee. Those who are to report Sun
day are Sanborn, Smith, Partridge,
Card, Schaupp, Frank, Thoburn, Cass,
Harrigan, Kern, Erb, Reeves, Noble,
and Risling.
Fourteen men have been named bj
Captain Cass to form the first train
ins table for the Varsity rugby candi
dates. The players will report Sun
day noon to Trainer Maloney at the
Zeta Psi house, and will make that
their home for the remainder of the
season.
The custom of housing members of
the Varsity squad together for the
weeks preceding the intercollegiate
game, was inaugurated last year, and
proved so successful that the com
mittee accepted the generous offer of
the Zeta Psi house for the rest of
this season. The coming games with
the Australians have made it advis
able to begin the training table a week
earlier than usual this year.
The list of players will be changed
and added to from time to time, at
the discretion of the coaching com
mittee. Those who are to report Sun
day are Sanborn, Smith, Partridge,
Card, Schaupp, Frank, Thoburn, Cass,
Harrigan, Kern, Erb, Reeves, Noble,
and Risling.
Fourteen men have been named bj
Captain Cass to form the first train
ins table for the Varsity rugby candi
dates. The players will report Sun
day noon to Trainer Maloney at the
Zeta Psi house, and will make that
their home for the remainder of the
season.
The custom of housing members of
the Varsity squad together for the
weeks preceding the intercollegiate
game, was inaugurated last year, and
proved so successful that the com
mittee accepted the generous offer of
the Zeta Psi house for the rest of
this season. The coming games with
the Australians have made it advis
able to begin the training table a week
earlier than usual this year.
The list of players will be changed
and added to from time to time, at
the discretion of the coaching com
mittee. Those who are to report Sun
day are Sanborn, Smith, Partridge,
Card, Schaupp, Frank, Thoburn, Cass,
Harrigan, Kern, Erb, Reeves, Noble,
and Risling.
