# Untitled Article
## 
### 
President Jordan will speak
to University men, Sunday
evenlntr, at 7:30, in Eneina
club room.
President Jordan will speak
to University men, Sunday
evenlntr, at 7:30, in Eneina
club room.
President Jordan will speak
to University men, Sunday
evenlntr, at 7:30, in Eneina
club room.
President Jordan will speak
to University men, Sunday
evenlntr, at 7:30, in Eneina
club room.
President Jordan will speak
to University men, Sunday
evenlntr, at 7:30, in Eneina
club room.
President Jordan will speak
to University men, Sunday
evenlntr, at 7:30, in Eneina
club room.
President Jordan will speak
to University men, Sunday
evenlntr, at 7:30, in Eneina
club room.
President Jordan will speak
to University men, Sunday
evenlntr, at 7:30, in Eneina
club room.
President Jordan will speak
to University men, Sunday
evenlntr, at 7:30, in Eneina
club room.
President Jordan will speak
to University men, Sunday
evenlntr, at 7:30, in Eneina
club room.
President Jordan will speak
to University men, Sunday
evenlntr, at 7:30, in Eneina
club room.
President Jordan will speak
to University men, Sunday
evenlntr, at 7:30, in Eneina
club room.
President Jordan will speak
to University men, Sunday
evenlntr, at 7:30, in Eneina
club room.
