# Forum Speaker
## 
### 

ROBERT NORTH will lead the
discussion against President Roo
sevelt's proposal to change the
membership of the Supreme Court
at the forum held tonight in the
Little Theater.

ROBERT NORTH will lead the
discussion against President Roo
sevelt's proposal to change the
membership of the Supreme Court
at the forum held tonight in the
Little Theater.

ROBERT NORTH will lead the
discussion against President Roo
sevelt's proposal to change the
membership of the Supreme Court
at the forum held tonight in the
Little Theater.

ROBERT NORTH will lead the
discussion against President Roo
sevelt's proposal to change the
membership of the Supreme Court
at the forum held tonight in the
Little Theater.

ROBERT NORTH will lead the
discussion against President Roo
sevelt's proposal to change the
membership of the Supreme Court
at the forum held tonight in the
Little Theater.

ROBERT NORTH will lead the
discussion against President Roo
sevelt's proposal to change the
membership of the Supreme Court
at the forum held tonight in the
Little Theater.

ROBERT NORTH will lead the
discussion against President Roo
sevelt's proposal to change the
membership of the Supreme Court
at the forum held tonight in the
Little Theater.

ROBERT NORTH will lead the
discussion against President Roo
sevelt's proposal to change the
membership of the Supreme Court
at the forum held tonight in the
Little Theater.

ROBERT NORTH will lead the
discussion against President Roo
sevelt's proposal to change the
membership of the Supreme Court
at the forum held tonight in the
Little Theater.

ROBERT NORTH will lead the
discussion against President Roo
sevelt's proposal to change the
membership of the Supreme Court
at the forum held tonight in the
Little Theater.

ROBERT NORTH will lead the
discussion against President Roo
sevelt's proposal to change the
membership of the Supreme Court
at the forum held tonight in the
Little Theater.

ROBERT NORTH will lead the
discussion against President Roo
sevelt's proposal to change the
membership of the Supreme Court
at the forum held tonight in the
Little Theater.

ROBERT NORTH will lead the
discussion against President Roo
sevelt's proposal to change the
membership of the Supreme Court
at the forum held tonight in the
Little Theater.

ROBERT NORTH will lead the
discussion against President Roo
sevelt's proposal to change the
membership of the Supreme Court
at the forum held tonight in the
Little Theater.

ROBERT NORTH will lead the
discussion against President Roo
sevelt's proposal to change the
membership of the Supreme Court
at the forum held tonight in the
Little Theater.
