# WORLD AFFAIRS MEETING
## 
### 
Professor Lowell Turrentine, of
the Law School, and Professor John
Canning, of the economics depart
ment, will speak on "President
Roosevelt's Proposed Legislative
Program for the Judiciary" at a
meeting of the World Affairs Club
at the home of Mrs. David Starr Jor
dan, 330 Serra, at 7:45 tomorrow
night. Students planning to attend
the meeting are asked to telephone
reservations ot Mrs. Raymond Ken
dall, P.A. 21252.

There are no colds, bronchitis, or
pneumonia in the Virgin Islands.
Professor Lowell Turrentine, of
the Law School, and Professor John
Canning, of the economics depart
ment, will speak on "President
Roosevelt's Proposed Legislative
Program for the Judiciary" at a
meeting of the World Affairs Club
at the home of Mrs. David Starr Jor
dan, 330 Serra, at 7:45 tomorrow
night. Students planning to attend
the meeting are asked to telephone
reservations ot Mrs. Raymond Ken
dall, P.A. 21252.

There are no colds, bronchitis, or
pneumonia in the Virgin Islands.
Professor Lowell Turrentine, of
the Law School, and Professor John
Canning, of the economics depart
ment, will speak on "President
Roosevelt's Proposed Legislative
Program for the Judiciary" at a
meeting of the World Affairs Club
at the home of Mrs. David Starr Jor
dan, 330 Serra, at 7:45 tomorrow
night. Students planning to attend
the meeting are asked to telephone
reservations ot Mrs. Raymond Ken
dall, P.A. 21252.

There are no colds, bronchitis, or
pneumonia in the Virgin Islands.
Professor Lowell Turrentine, of
the Law School, and Professor John
Canning, of the economics depart
ment, will speak on "President
Roosevelt's Proposed Legislative
Program for the Judiciary" at a
meeting of the World Affairs Club
at the home of Mrs. David Starr Jor
dan, 330 Serra, at 7:45 tomorrow
night. Students planning to attend
the meeting are asked to telephone
reservations ot Mrs. Raymond Ken
dall, P.A. 21252.

There are no colds, bronchitis, or
pneumonia in the Virgin Islands.
Professor Lowell Turrentine, of
the Law School, and Professor John
Canning, of the economics depart
ment, will speak on "President
Roosevelt's Proposed Legislative
Program for the Judiciary" at a
meeting of the World Affairs Club
at the home of Mrs. David Starr Jor
dan, 330 Serra, at 7:45 tomorrow
night. Students planning to attend
the meeting are asked to telephone
reservations ot Mrs. Raymond Ken
dall, P.A. 21252.

There are no colds, bronchitis, or
pneumonia in the Virgin Islands.
Professor Lowell Turrentine, of
the Law School, and Professor John
Canning, of the economics depart
ment, will speak on "President
Roosevelt's Proposed Legislative
Program for the Judiciary" at a
meeting of the World Affairs Club
at the home of Mrs. David Starr Jor
dan, 330 Serra, at 7:45 tomorrow
night. Students planning to attend
the meeting are asked to telephone
reservations ot Mrs. Raymond Ken
dall, P.A. 21252.

There are no colds, bronchitis, or
pneumonia in the Virgin Islands.
Professor Lowell Turrentine, of
the Law School, and Professor John
Canning, of the economics depart
ment, will speak on "President
Roosevelt's Proposed Legislative
Program for the Judiciary" at a
meeting of the World Affairs Club
at the home of Mrs. David Starr Jor
dan, 330 Serra, at 7:45 tomorrow
night. Students planning to attend
the meeting are asked to telephone
reservations ot Mrs. Raymond Ken
dall, P.A. 21252.

There are no colds, bronchitis, or
pneumonia in the Virgin Islands.
Professor Lowell Turrentine, of
the Law School, and Professor John
Canning, of the economics depart
ment, will speak on "President
Roosevelt's Proposed Legislative
Program for the Judiciary" at a
meeting of the World Affairs Club
at the home of Mrs. David Starr Jor
dan, 330 Serra, at 7:45 tomorrow
night. Students planning to attend
the meeting are asked to telephone
reservations ot Mrs. Raymond Ken
dall, P.A. 21252.

There are no colds, bronchitis, or
pneumonia in the Virgin Islands.
Professor Lowell Turrentine, of
the Law School, and Professor John
Canning, of the economics depart
ment, will speak on "President
Roosevelt's Proposed Legislative
Program for the Judiciary" at a
meeting of the World Affairs Club
at the home of Mrs. David Starr Jor
dan, 330 Serra, at 7:45 tomorrow
night. Students planning to attend
the meeting are asked to telephone
reservations ot Mrs. Raymond Ken
dall, P.A. 21252.

There are no colds, bronchitis, or
pneumonia in the Virgin Islands.
Professor Lowell Turrentine, of
the Law School, and Professor John
Canning, of the economics depart
ment, will speak on "President
Roosevelt's Proposed Legislative
Program for the Judiciary" at a
meeting of the World Affairs Club
at the home of Mrs. David Starr Jor
dan, 330 Serra, at 7:45 tomorrow
night. Students planning to attend
the meeting are asked to telephone
reservations ot Mrs. Raymond Ken
dall, P.A. 21252.

There are no colds, bronchitis, or
pneumonia in the Virgin Islands.
Professor Lowell Turrentine, of
the Law School, and Professor John
Canning, of the economics depart
ment, will speak on "President
Roosevelt's Proposed Legislative
Program for the Judiciary" at a
meeting of the World Affairs Club
at the home of Mrs. David Starr Jor
dan, 330 Serra, at 7:45 tomorrow
night. Students planning to attend
the meeting are asked to telephone
reservations ot Mrs. Raymond Ken
dall, P.A. 21252.

There are no colds, bronchitis, or
pneumonia in the Virgin Islands.
Professor Lowell Turrentine, of
the Law School, and Professor John
Canning, of the economics depart
ment, will speak on "President
Roosevelt's Proposed Legislative
Program for the Judiciary" at a
meeting of the World Affairs Club
at the home of Mrs. David Starr Jor
dan, 330 Serra, at 7:45 tomorrow
night. Students planning to attend
the meeting are asked to telephone
reservations ot Mrs. Raymond Ken
dall, P.A. 21252.

There are no colds, bronchitis, or
pneumonia in the Virgin Islands.
Professor Lowell Turrentine, of
the Law School, and Professor John
Canning, of the economics depart
ment, will speak on "President
Roosevelt's Proposed Legislative
Program for the Judiciary" at a
meeting of the World Affairs Club
at the home of Mrs. David Starr Jor
dan, 330 Serra, at 7:45 tomorrow
night. Students planning to attend
the meeting are asked to telephone
reservations ot Mrs. Raymond Ken
dall, P.A. 21252.

There are no colds, bronchitis, or
pneumonia in the Virgin Islands.
Professor Lowell Turrentine, of
the Law School, and Professor John
Canning, of the economics depart
ment, will speak on "President
Roosevelt's Proposed Legislative
Program for the Judiciary" at a
meeting of the World Affairs Club
at the home of Mrs. David Starr Jor
dan, 330 Serra, at 7:45 tomorrow
night. Students planning to attend
the meeting are asked to telephone
reservations ot Mrs. Raymond Ken
dall, P.A. 21252.

There are no colds, bronchitis, or
pneumonia in the Virgin Islands.
Professor Lowell Turrentine, of
the Law School, and Professor John
Canning, of the economics depart
ment, will speak on "President
Roosevelt's Proposed Legislative
Program for the Judiciary" at a
meeting of the World Affairs Club
at the home of Mrs. David Starr Jor
dan, 330 Serra, at 7:45 tomorrow
night. Students planning to attend
the meeting are asked to telephone
reservations ot Mrs. Raymond Ken
dall, P.A. 21252.

There are no colds, bronchitis, or
pneumonia in the Virgin Islands.
