# Last 'Baby Bandit" Guilty of Murder
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, March 2 (UP).
â€”Ernest Pla, 18, last survivor of San
Francisco's "Baby Bandit" trio,
pleaded guilty today to first degree
murder charges in connection with
the death of Dan O'Connell, by
stander killed in a tavern holdup.
The guilty plea followed an agree
ment between Defense Counsel Al
exander Mooslin and Superior Judge
Sylvain J. Lazarus that Pla would be
sentenced to life imprisonment.
Eleven other counts, including
robbery and conspiracy, were dis
missed.
Pla asked for a continuance before
pronouncement of sentence until
Saturday. This was to allow him to
confer with Joseph Toner, Preston
Reformatory official. Judge Lazarus
said Preston attaches had told him,
when he was there, that Pla was a
placable youth, who got into trouble
through ill health and weak will.
Mooslin said he would ask the
court to sentence Pla to Folsom
rather than San Quentin Prison, be
cause the climate at Folsom would
be better for the youth's tubercu
losis. Judgment will be pronounced
Saturday.
