# SALESMEN NEEDED TO SELL CHAPPIES AT GAME SATURDAY
## 
### 
Men who wish to sell Chappies
at the Big Game are to meet in
the Chappie office at 8:30 o'clock
Saturday morning to receive in- :
structions from Reidar Winther,
business manager of the magazine.
Five cents commission will be paid
for each copy sold, announced Win
ther.
The women's Chappie selling con- j
test is being conducted again this
year with a silver loving cup for
the woman who sells the greatest
number of copies during the year.
This contest has been sponsored by
the Chaparral for a number of ;
years. The following women won j
cups in the past three contests:
Marie Baker, '31; Jean Carson, '30;
and Claire McGregor, '29. Miss Mc-
Gregor is now acting instructor in (
public speaking.
.
Men who wish to sell Chappies
at the Big Game are to meet in
the Chappie office at 8:30 o'clock
Saturday morning to receive in- :
structions from Reidar Winther,
business manager of the magazine.
Five cents commission will be paid
for each copy sold, announced Win
ther.
The women's Chappie selling con- j
test is being conducted again this
year with a silver loving cup for
the woman who sells the greatest
number of copies during the year.
This contest has been sponsored by
the Chaparral for a number of ;
years. The following women won j
cups in the past three contests:
Marie Baker, '31; Jean Carson, '30;
and Claire McGregor, '29. Miss Mc-
Gregor is now acting instructor in (
public speaking.
.
Men who wish to sell Chappies
at the Big Game are to meet in
the Chappie office at 8:30 o'clock
Saturday morning to receive in- :
structions from Reidar Winther,
business manager of the magazine.
Five cents commission will be paid
for each copy sold, announced Win
ther.
The women's Chappie selling con- j
test is being conducted again this
year with a silver loving cup for
the woman who sells the greatest
number of copies during the year.
This contest has been sponsored by
the Chaparral for a number of ;
years. The following women won j
cups in the past three contests:
Marie Baker, '31; Jean Carson, '30;
and Claire McGregor, '29. Miss Mc-
Gregor is now acting instructor in (
public speaking.
.
Men who wish to sell Chappies
at the Big Game are to meet in
the Chappie office at 8:30 o'clock
Saturday morning to receive in- :
structions from Reidar Winther,
business manager of the magazine.
Five cents commission will be paid
for each copy sold, announced Win
ther.
The women's Chappie selling con- j
test is being conducted again this
year with a silver loving cup for
the woman who sells the greatest
number of copies during the year.
This contest has been sponsored by
the Chaparral for a number of ;
years. The following women won j
cups in the past three contests:
Marie Baker, '31; Jean Carson, '30;
and Claire McGregor, '29. Miss Mc-
Gregor is now acting instructor in (
public speaking.
.
Men who wish to sell Chappies
at the Big Game are to meet in
the Chappie office at 8:30 o'clock
Saturday morning to receive in- :
structions from Reidar Winther,
business manager of the magazine.
Five cents commission will be paid
for each copy sold, announced Win
ther.
The women's Chappie selling con- j
test is being conducted again this
year with a silver loving cup for
the woman who sells the greatest
number of copies during the year.
This contest has been sponsored by
the Chaparral for a number of ;
years. The following women won j
cups in the past three contests:
Marie Baker, '31; Jean Carson, '30;
and Claire McGregor, '29. Miss Mc-
Gregor is now acting instructor in (
public speaking.
.
Men who wish to sell Chappies
at the Big Game are to meet in
the Chappie office at 8:30 o'clock
Saturday morning to receive in- :
structions from Reidar Winther,
business manager of the magazine.
Five cents commission will be paid
for each copy sold, announced Win
ther.
The women's Chappie selling con- j
test is being conducted again this
year with a silver loving cup for
the woman who sells the greatest
number of copies during the year.
This contest has been sponsored by
the Chaparral for a number of ;
years. The following women won j
cups in the past three contests:
Marie Baker, '31; Jean Carson, '30;
and Claire McGregor, '29. Miss Mc-
Gregor is now acting instructor in (
public speaking.
.
Men who wish to sell Chappies
at the Big Game are to meet in
the Chappie office at 8:30 o'clock
Saturday morning to receive in- :
structions from Reidar Winther,
business manager of the magazine.
Five cents commission will be paid
for each copy sold, announced Win
ther.
The women's Chappie selling con- j
test is being conducted again this
year with a silver loving cup for
the woman who sells the greatest
number of copies during the year.
This contest has been sponsored by
the Chaparral for a number of ;
years. The following women won j
cups in the past three contests:
Marie Baker, '31; Jean Carson, '30;
and Claire McGregor, '29. Miss Mc-
Gregor is now acting instructor in (
public speaking.
.
Men who wish to sell Chappies
at the Big Game are to meet in
the Chappie office at 8:30 o'clock
Saturday morning to receive in- :
structions from Reidar Winther,
business manager of the magazine.
Five cents commission will be paid
for each copy sold, announced Win
ther.
The women's Chappie selling con- j
test is being conducted again this
year with a silver loving cup for
the woman who sells the greatest
number of copies during the year.
This contest has been sponsored by
the Chaparral for a number of ;
years. The following women won j
cups in the past three contests:
Marie Baker, '31; Jean Carson, '30;
and Claire McGregor, '29. Miss Mc-
Gregor is now acting instructor in (
public speaking.
.
Men who wish to sell Chappies
at the Big Game are to meet in
the Chappie office at 8:30 o'clock
Saturday morning to receive in- :
structions from Reidar Winther,
business manager of the magazine.
Five cents commission will be paid
for each copy sold, announced Win
ther.
The women's Chappie selling con- j
test is being conducted again this
year with a silver loving cup for
the woman who sells the greatest
number of copies during the year.
This contest has been sponsored by
the Chaparral for a number of ;
years. The following women won j
cups in the past three contests:
Marie Baker, '31; Jean Carson, '30;
and Claire McGregor, '29. Miss Mc-
Gregor is now acting instructor in (
public speaking.
.
Men who wish to sell Chappies
at the Big Game are to meet in
the Chappie office at 8:30 o'clock
Saturday morning to receive in- :
structions from Reidar Winther,
business manager of the magazine.
Five cents commission will be paid
for each copy sold, announced Win
ther.
The women's Chappie selling con- j
test is being conducted again this
year with a silver loving cup for
the woman who sells the greatest
number of copies during the year.
This contest has been sponsored by
the Chaparral for a number of ;
years. The following women won j
cups in the past three contests:
Marie Baker, '31; Jean Carson, '30;
and Claire McGregor, '29. Miss Mc-
Gregor is now acting instructor in (
public speaking.
.
Men who wish to sell Chappies
at the Big Game are to meet in
the Chappie office at 8:30 o'clock
Saturday morning to receive in- :
structions from Reidar Winther,
business manager of the magazine.
Five cents commission will be paid
for each copy sold, announced Win
ther.
The women's Chappie selling con- j
test is being conducted again this
year with a silver loving cup for
the woman who sells the greatest
number of copies during the year.
This contest has been sponsored by
the Chaparral for a number of ;
years. The following women won j
cups in the past three contests:
Marie Baker, '31; Jean Carson, '30;
and Claire McGregor, '29. Miss Mc-
Gregor is now acting instructor in (
public speaking.
.
Men who wish to sell Chappies
at the Big Game are to meet in
the Chappie office at 8:30 o'clock
Saturday morning to receive in- :
structions from Reidar Winther,
business manager of the magazine.
Five cents commission will be paid
for each copy sold, announced Win
ther.
The women's Chappie selling con- j
test is being conducted again this
year with a silver loving cup for
the woman who sells the greatest
number of copies during the year.
This contest has been sponsored by
the Chaparral for a number of ;
years. The following women won j
cups in the past three contests:
Marie Baker, '31; Jean Carson, '30;
and Claire McGregor, '29. Miss Mc-
Gregor is now acting instructor in (
public speaking.
.
Men who wish to sell Chappies
at the Big Game are to meet in
the Chappie office at 8:30 o'clock
Saturday morning to receive in- :
structions from Reidar Winther,
business manager of the magazine.
Five cents commission will be paid
for each copy sold, announced Win
ther.
The women's Chappie selling con- j
test is being conducted again this
year with a silver loving cup for
the woman who sells the greatest
number of copies during the year.
This contest has been sponsored by
the Chaparral for a number of ;
years. The following women won j
cups in the past three contests:
Marie Baker, '31; Jean Carson, '30;
and Claire McGregor, '29. Miss Mc-
Gregor is now acting instructor in (
public speaking.
.
Men who wish to sell Chappies
at the Big Game are to meet in
the Chappie office at 8:30 o'clock
Saturday morning to receive in- :
structions from Reidar Winther,
business manager of the magazine.
Five cents commission will be paid
for each copy sold, announced Win
ther.
The women's Chappie selling con- j
test is being conducted again this
year with a silver loving cup for
the woman who sells the greatest
number of copies during the year.
This contest has been sponsored by
the Chaparral for a number of ;
years. The following women won j
cups in the past three contests:
Marie Baker, '31; Jean Carson, '30;
and Claire McGregor, '29. Miss Mc-
Gregor is now acting instructor in (
public speaking.
.
Men who wish to sell Chappies
at the Big Game are to meet in
the Chappie office at 8:30 o'clock
Saturday morning to receive in- :
structions from Reidar Winther,
business manager of the magazine.
Five cents commission will be paid
for each copy sold, announced Win
ther.
The women's Chappie selling con- j
test is being conducted again this
year with a silver loving cup for
the woman who sells the greatest
number of copies during the year.
This contest has been sponsored by
the Chaparral for a number of ;
years. The following women won j
cups in the past three contests:
Marie Baker, '31; Jean Carson, '30;
and Claire McGregor, '29. Miss Mc-
Gregor is now acting instructor in (
public speaking.
.
