# RAILROAD INCREASES PAYROLL BY 500 MEN
## 
### 
CHEYENNE, Wyo., Nov. 18. (A')
—Between 450 and 500 employees in
tlie shops of the Union Pacific Rail
road here who were laid off a few
weeks ago, will return to work next
Monday, railroad officials said to
day. The resumption of shop activi
ties does not result from any gen
eral or national business conditions
but rather because of local circum
stances, it was said.
CHEYENNE, Wyo., Nov. 18. (A')
—Between 450 and 500 employees in
tlie shops of the Union Pacific Rail
road here who were laid off a few
weeks ago, will return to work next
Monday, railroad officials said to
day. The resumption of shop activi
ties does not result from any gen
eral or national business conditions
but rather because of local circum
stances, it was said.
CHEYENNE, Wyo., Nov. 18. (A')
—Between 450 and 500 employees in
tlie shops of the Union Pacific Rail
road here who were laid off a few
weeks ago, will return to work next
Monday, railroad officials said to
day. The resumption of shop activi
ties does not result from any gen
eral or national business conditions
but rather because of local circum
stances, it was said.
CHEYENNE, Wyo., Nov. 18. (A')
—Between 450 and 500 employees in
tlie shops of the Union Pacific Rail
road here who were laid off a few
weeks ago, will return to work next
Monday, railroad officials said to
day. The resumption of shop activi
ties does not result from any gen
eral or national business conditions
but rather because of local circum
stances, it was said.
CHEYENNE, Wyo., Nov. 18. (A')
—Between 450 and 500 employees in
tlie shops of the Union Pacific Rail
road here who were laid off a few
weeks ago, will return to work next
Monday, railroad officials said to
day. The resumption of shop activi
ties does not result from any gen
eral or national business conditions
but rather because of local circum
stances, it was said.
CHEYENNE, Wyo., Nov. 18. (A')
—Between 450 and 500 employees in
tlie shops of the Union Pacific Rail
road here who were laid off a few
weeks ago, will return to work next
Monday, railroad officials said to
day. The resumption of shop activi
ties does not result from any gen
eral or national business conditions
but rather because of local circum
stances, it was said.
CHEYENNE, Wyo., Nov. 18. (A')
—Between 450 and 500 employees in
tlie shops of the Union Pacific Rail
road here who were laid off a few
weeks ago, will return to work next
Monday, railroad officials said to
day. The resumption of shop activi
ties does not result from any gen
eral or national business conditions
but rather because of local circum
stances, it was said.
CHEYENNE, Wyo., Nov. 18. (A')
—Between 450 and 500 employees in
tlie shops of the Union Pacific Rail
road here who were laid off a few
weeks ago, will return to work next
Monday, railroad officials said to
day. The resumption of shop activi
ties does not result from any gen
eral or national business conditions
but rather because of local circum
stances, it was said.
CHEYENNE, Wyo., Nov. 18. (A')
—Between 450 and 500 employees in
tlie shops of the Union Pacific Rail
road here who were laid off a few
weeks ago, will return to work next
Monday, railroad officials said to
day. The resumption of shop activi
ties does not result from any gen
eral or national business conditions
but rather because of local circum
stances, it was said.
CHEYENNE, Wyo., Nov. 18. (A')
—Between 450 and 500 employees in
tlie shops of the Union Pacific Rail
road here who were laid off a few
weeks ago, will return to work next
Monday, railroad officials said to
day. The resumption of shop activi
ties does not result from any gen
eral or national business conditions
but rather because of local circum
stances, it was said.
CHEYENNE, Wyo., Nov. 18. (A')
—Between 450 and 500 employees in
tlie shops of the Union Pacific Rail
road here who were laid off a few
weeks ago, will return to work next
Monday, railroad officials said to
day. The resumption of shop activi
ties does not result from any gen
eral or national business conditions
but rather because of local circum
stances, it was said.
CHEYENNE, Wyo., Nov. 18. (A')
—Between 450 and 500 employees in
tlie shops of the Union Pacific Rail
road here who were laid off a few
weeks ago, will return to work next
Monday, railroad officials said to
day. The resumption of shop activi
ties does not result from any gen
eral or national business conditions
but rather because of local circum
stances, it was said.
CHEYENNE, Wyo., Nov. 18. (A')
—Between 450 and 500 employees in
tlie shops of the Union Pacific Rail
road here who were laid off a few
weeks ago, will return to work next
Monday, railroad officials said to
day. The resumption of shop activi
ties does not result from any gen
eral or national business conditions
but rather because of local circum
stances, it was said.
CHEYENNE, Wyo., Nov. 18. (A')
—Between 450 and 500 employees in
tlie shops of the Union Pacific Rail
road here who were laid off a few
weeks ago, will return to work next
Monday, railroad officials said to
day. The resumption of shop activi
ties does not result from any gen
eral or national business conditions
but rather because of local circum
stances, it was said.
CHEYENNE, Wyo., Nov. 18. (A')
—Between 450 and 500 employees in
tlie shops of the Union Pacific Rail
road here who were laid off a few
weeks ago, will return to work next
Monday, railroad officials said to
day. The resumption of shop activi
ties does not result from any gen
eral or national business conditions
but rather because of local circum
stances, it was said.
