# HOOVER, GRANDI DISCUSS PEACE
## Confer On Disarmaments, Reparations Questions 
### 
WASHINGTON, Nov. 19. </P) —
President Hoover and Foreign Min
ister Grandi of Italy spread the
trouble map of the world before
them tonight and searched together
for a way to make it one of pros
perous peace.
With Secretary Stimson the two
sought to define the world's diffi
culties in which international co
operation or Italian-American col
laboration could offer a solution.
They spoke in English, uninter
rupted by interpreters. Formality
was abandoned. Secretary Stimson
said they talked '"like three human
beings."
Economic Questions
Many subjects stretching into the
far reaches of economics and poli
tics camc up. Their attention cen
tered principally on the world's eco
nomic ills, with their entanglement
of intergovernmental debts, indus
trial slumps, budgets, and disarma
ment.
Grandi, who speaks with all the
authority of Premier Mussolini, fa
vored revision of the debt payment
arrangements. Italy can
cellation of war debts and repara
tions.
Moratorium Temporary
America is opposed to cancellation.
President Hoover proposed the
moratorium as a temporary relief
measure, designed primarily to as
sist Germany. His attitude was that
any further move toward debt or
reparation relief must come from
Europe. Premier Laval of France
agreed with this stand in his re
cent talks with Mr. Hoover.
Immediately after this morning's
discussion Secretary Stimson reit
erated this position. The United
States will not participate in any
negotiations now in progress in
Europe upon the problem, he said.
On the disarmament question the
th ree found ready agreement. All
believed a sincere effort must be
made to reduce armament burdens
at the coming general disarmament
conference.

Associated Press Plioto

WASHINGTON, Nov. 19. </P) —
President Hoover and Foreign Min
ister Grandi of Italy spread the
trouble map of the world before
them tonight and searched together
for a way to make it one of pros
perous peace.
With Secretary Stimson the two
sought to define the world's diffi
culties in which international co
operation or Italian-American col
laboration could offer a solution.
They spoke in English, uninter
rupted by interpreters. Formality
was abandoned. Secretary Stimson
said they talked '"like three human
beings."
Economic Questions
Many subjects stretching into the
far reaches of economics and poli
tics camc up. Their attention cen
tered principally on the world's eco
nomic ills, with their entanglement
of intergovernmental debts, indus
trial slumps, budgets, and disarma
ment.
Grandi, who speaks with all the
authority of Premier Mussolini, fa
vored revision of the debt payment
arrangements. Italy can
cellation of war debts and repara
tions.
Moratorium Temporary
America is opposed to cancellation.
President Hoover proposed the
moratorium as a temporary relief
measure, designed primarily to as
sist Germany. His attitude was that
any further move toward debt or
reparation relief must come from
Europe. Premier Laval of France
agreed with this stand in his re
cent talks with Mr. Hoover.
Immediately after this morning's
discussion Secretary Stimson reit
erated this position. The United
States will not participate in any
negotiations now in progress in
Europe upon the problem, he said.
On the disarmament question the
th ree found ready agreement. All
believed a sincere effort must be
made to reduce armament burdens
at the coming general disarmament
conference.

Associated Press Plioto

WASHINGTON, Nov. 19. </P) —
President Hoover and Foreign Min
ister Grandi of Italy spread the
trouble map of the world before
them tonight and searched together
for a way to make it one of pros
perous peace.
With Secretary Stimson the two
sought to define the world's diffi
culties in which international co
operation or Italian-American col
laboration could offer a solution.
They spoke in English, uninter
rupted by interpreters. Formality
was abandoned. Secretary Stimson
said they talked '"like three human
beings."
Economic Questions
Many subjects stretching into the
far reaches of economics and poli
tics camc up. Their attention cen
tered principally on the world's eco
nomic ills, with their entanglement
of intergovernmental debts, indus
trial slumps, budgets, and disarma
ment.
Grandi, who speaks with all the
authority of Premier Mussolini, fa
vored revision of the debt payment
arrangements. Italy can
cellation of war debts and repara
tions.
Moratorium Temporary
America is opposed to cancellation.
President Hoover proposed the
moratorium as a temporary relief
measure, designed primarily to as
sist Germany. His attitude was that
any further move toward debt or
reparation relief must come from
Europe. Premier Laval of France
agreed with this stand in his re
cent talks with Mr. Hoover.
Immediately after this morning's
discussion Secretary Stimson reit
erated this position. The United
States will not participate in any
negotiations now in progress in
Europe upon the problem, he said.
On the disarmament question the
th ree found ready agreement. All
believed a sincere effort must be
made to reduce armament burdens
at the coming general disarmament
conference.

Associated Press Plioto

WASHINGTON, Nov. 19. </P) —
President Hoover and Foreign Min
ister Grandi of Italy spread the
trouble map of the world before
them tonight and searched together
for a way to make it one of pros
perous peace.
With Secretary Stimson the two
sought to define the world's diffi
culties in which international co
operation or Italian-American col
laboration could offer a solution.
They spoke in English, uninter
rupted by interpreters. Formality
was abandoned. Secretary Stimson
said they talked '"like three human
beings."
Economic Questions
Many subjects stretching into the
far reaches of economics and poli
tics camc up. Their attention cen
tered principally on the world's eco
nomic ills, with their entanglement
of intergovernmental debts, indus
trial slumps, budgets, and disarma
ment.
Grandi, who speaks with all the
authority of Premier Mussolini, fa
vored revision of the debt payment
arrangements. Italy can
cellation of war debts and repara
tions.
Moratorium Temporary
America is opposed to cancellation.
President Hoover proposed the
moratorium as a temporary relief
measure, designed primarily to as
sist Germany. His attitude was that
any further move toward debt or
reparation relief must come from
Europe. Premier Laval of France
agreed with this stand in his re
cent talks with Mr. Hoover.
Immediately after this morning's
discussion Secretary Stimson reit
erated this position. The United
States will not participate in any
negotiations now in progress in
Europe upon the problem, he said.
On the disarmament question the
th ree found ready agreement. All
believed a sincere effort must be
made to reduce armament burdens
at the coming general disarmament
conference.

Associated Press Plioto

WASHINGTON, Nov. 19. </P) —
President Hoover and Foreign Min
ister Grandi of Italy spread the
trouble map of the world before
them tonight and searched together
for a way to make it one of pros
perous peace.
With Secretary Stimson the two
sought to define the world's diffi
culties in which international co
operation or Italian-American col
laboration could offer a solution.
They spoke in English, uninter
rupted by interpreters. Formality
was abandoned. Secretary Stimson
said they talked '"like three human
beings."
Economic Questions
Many subjects stretching into the
far reaches of economics and poli
tics camc up. Their attention cen
tered principally on the world's eco
nomic ills, with their entanglement
of intergovernmental debts, indus
trial slumps, budgets, and disarma
ment.
Grandi, who speaks with all the
authority of Premier Mussolini, fa
vored revision of the debt payment
arrangements. Italy can
cellation of war debts and repara
tions.
Moratorium Temporary
America is opposed to cancellation.
President Hoover proposed the
moratorium as a temporary relief
measure, designed primarily to as
sist Germany. His attitude was that
any further move toward debt or
reparation relief must come from
Europe. Premier Laval of France
agreed with this stand in his re
cent talks with Mr. Hoover.
Immediately after this morning's
discussion Secretary Stimson reit
erated this position. The United
States will not participate in any
negotiations now in progress in
Europe upon the problem, he said.
On the disarmament question the
th ree found ready agreement. All
believed a sincere effort must be
made to reduce armament burdens
at the coming general disarmament
conference.

Associated Press Plioto

WASHINGTON, Nov. 19. </P) —
President Hoover and Foreign Min
ister Grandi of Italy spread the
trouble map of the world before
them tonight and searched together
for a way to make it one of pros
perous peace.
With Secretary Stimson the two
sought to define the world's diffi
culties in which international co
operation or Italian-American col
laboration could offer a solution.
They spoke in English, uninter
rupted by interpreters. Formality
was abandoned. Secretary Stimson
said they talked '"like three human
beings."
Economic Questions
Many subjects stretching into the
far reaches of economics and poli
tics camc up. Their attention cen
tered principally on the world's eco
nomic ills, with their entanglement
of intergovernmental debts, indus
trial slumps, budgets, and disarma
ment.
Grandi, who speaks with all the
authority of Premier Mussolini, fa
vored revision of the debt payment
arrangements. Italy can
cellation of war debts and repara
tions.
Moratorium Temporary
America is opposed to cancellation.
President Hoover proposed the
moratorium as a temporary relief
measure, designed primarily to as
sist Germany. His attitude was that
any further move toward debt or
reparation relief must come from
Europe. Premier Laval of France
agreed with this stand in his re
cent talks with Mr. Hoover.
Immediately after this morning's
discussion Secretary Stimson reit
erated this position. The United
States will not participate in any
negotiations now in progress in
Europe upon the problem, he said.
On the disarmament question the
th ree found ready agreement. All
believed a sincere effort must be
made to reduce armament burdens
at the coming general disarmament
conference.

Associated Press Plioto

WASHINGTON, Nov. 19. </P) —
President Hoover and Foreign Min
ister Grandi of Italy spread the
trouble map of the world before
them tonight and searched together
for a way to make it one of pros
perous peace.
With Secretary Stimson the two
sought to define the world's diffi
culties in which international co
operation or Italian-American col
laboration could offer a solution.
They spoke in English, uninter
rupted by interpreters. Formality
was abandoned. Secretary Stimson
said they talked '"like three human
beings."
Economic Questions
Many subjects stretching into the
far reaches of economics and poli
tics camc up. Their attention cen
tered principally on the world's eco
nomic ills, with their entanglement
of intergovernmental debts, indus
trial slumps, budgets, and disarma
ment.
Grandi, who speaks with all the
authority of Premier Mussolini, fa
vored revision of the debt payment
arrangements. Italy can
cellation of war debts and repara
tions.
Moratorium Temporary
America is opposed to cancellation.
President Hoover proposed the
moratorium as a temporary relief
measure, designed primarily to as
sist Germany. His attitude was that
any further move toward debt or
reparation relief must come from
Europe. Premier Laval of France
agreed with this stand in his re
cent talks with Mr. Hoover.
Immediately after this morning's
discussion Secretary Stimson reit
erated this position. The United
States will not participate in any
negotiations now in progress in
Europe upon the problem, he said.
On the disarmament question the
th ree found ready agreement. All
believed a sincere effort must be
made to reduce armament burdens
at the coming general disarmament
conference.

Associated Press Plioto

WASHINGTON, Nov. 19. </P) —
President Hoover and Foreign Min
ister Grandi of Italy spread the
trouble map of the world before
them tonight and searched together
for a way to make it one of pros
perous peace.
With Secretary Stimson the two
sought to define the world's diffi
culties in which international co
operation or Italian-American col
laboration could offer a solution.
They spoke in English, uninter
rupted by interpreters. Formality
was abandoned. Secretary Stimson
said they talked '"like three human
beings."
Economic Questions
Many subjects stretching into the
far reaches of economics and poli
tics camc up. Their attention cen
tered principally on the world's eco
nomic ills, with their entanglement
of intergovernmental debts, indus
trial slumps, budgets, and disarma
ment.
Grandi, who speaks with all the
authority of Premier Mussolini, fa
vored revision of the debt payment
arrangements. Italy can
cellation of war debts and repara
tions.
Moratorium Temporary
America is opposed to cancellation.
President Hoover proposed the
moratorium as a temporary relief
measure, designed primarily to as
sist Germany. His attitude was that
any further move toward debt or
reparation relief must come from
Europe. Premier Laval of France
agreed with this stand in his re
cent talks with Mr. Hoover.
Immediately after this morning's
discussion Secretary Stimson reit
erated this position. The United
States will not participate in any
negotiations now in progress in
Europe upon the problem, he said.
On the disarmament question the
th ree found ready agreement. All
believed a sincere effort must be
made to reduce armament burdens
at the coming general disarmament
conference.

Associated Press Plioto

WASHINGTON, Nov. 19. </P) —
President Hoover and Foreign Min
ister Grandi of Italy spread the
trouble map of the world before
them tonight and searched together
for a way to make it one of pros
perous peace.
With Secretary Stimson the two
sought to define the world's diffi
culties in which international co
operation or Italian-American col
laboration could offer a solution.
They spoke in English, uninter
rupted by interpreters. Formality
was abandoned. Secretary Stimson
said they talked '"like three human
beings."
Economic Questions
Many subjects stretching into the
far reaches of economics and poli
tics camc up. Their attention cen
tered principally on the world's eco
nomic ills, with their entanglement
of intergovernmental debts, indus
trial slumps, budgets, and disarma
ment.
Grandi, who speaks with all the
authority of Premier Mussolini, fa
vored revision of the debt payment
arrangements. Italy can
cellation of war debts and repara
tions.
Moratorium Temporary
America is opposed to cancellation.
President Hoover proposed the
moratorium as a temporary relief
measure, designed primarily to as
sist Germany. His attitude was that
any further move toward debt or
reparation relief must come from
Europe. Premier Laval of France
agreed with this stand in his re
cent talks with Mr. Hoover.
Immediately after this morning's
discussion Secretary Stimson reit
erated this position. The United
States will not participate in any
negotiations now in progress in
Europe upon the problem, he said.
On the disarmament question the
th ree found ready agreement. All
believed a sincere effort must be
made to reduce armament burdens
at the coming general disarmament
conference.

Associated Press Plioto

WASHINGTON, Nov. 19. </P) —
President Hoover and Foreign Min
ister Grandi of Italy spread the
trouble map of the world before
them tonight and searched together
for a way to make it one of pros
perous peace.
With Secretary Stimson the two
sought to define the world's diffi
culties in which international co
operation or Italian-American col
laboration could offer a solution.
They spoke in English, uninter
rupted by interpreters. Formality
was abandoned. Secretary Stimson
said they talked '"like three human
beings."
Economic Questions
Many subjects stretching into the
far reaches of economics and poli
tics camc up. Their attention cen
tered principally on the world's eco
nomic ills, with their entanglement
of intergovernmental debts, indus
trial slumps, budgets, and disarma
ment.
Grandi, who speaks with all the
authority of Premier Mussolini, fa
vored revision of the debt payment
arrangements. Italy can
cellation of war debts and repara
tions.
Moratorium Temporary
America is opposed to cancellation.
President Hoover proposed the
moratorium as a temporary relief
measure, designed primarily to as
sist Germany. His attitude was that
any further move toward debt or
reparation relief must come from
Europe. Premier Laval of France
agreed with this stand in his re
cent talks with Mr. Hoover.
Immediately after this morning's
discussion Secretary Stimson reit
erated this position. The United
States will not participate in any
negotiations now in progress in
Europe upon the problem, he said.
On the disarmament question the
th ree found ready agreement. All
believed a sincere effort must be
made to reduce armament burdens
at the coming general disarmament
conference.

Associated Press Plioto

WASHINGTON, Nov. 19. </P) —
President Hoover and Foreign Min
ister Grandi of Italy spread the
trouble map of the world before
them tonight and searched together
for a way to make it one of pros
perous peace.
With Secretary Stimson the two
sought to define the world's diffi
culties in which international co
operation or Italian-American col
laboration could offer a solution.
They spoke in English, uninter
rupted by interpreters. Formality
was abandoned. Secretary Stimson
said they talked '"like three human
beings."
Economic Questions
Many subjects stretching into the
far reaches of economics and poli
tics camc up. Their attention cen
tered principally on the world's eco
nomic ills, with their entanglement
of intergovernmental debts, indus
trial slumps, budgets, and disarma
ment.
Grandi, who speaks with all the
authority of Premier Mussolini, fa
vored revision of the debt payment
arrangements. Italy can
cellation of war debts and repara
tions.
Moratorium Temporary
America is opposed to cancellation.
President Hoover proposed the
moratorium as a temporary relief
measure, designed primarily to as
sist Germany. His attitude was that
any further move toward debt or
reparation relief must come from
Europe. Premier Laval of France
agreed with this stand in his re
cent talks with Mr. Hoover.
Immediately after this morning's
discussion Secretary Stimson reit
erated this position. The United
States will not participate in any
negotiations now in progress in
Europe upon the problem, he said.
On the disarmament question the
th ree found ready agreement. All
believed a sincere effort must be
made to reduce armament burdens
at the coming general disarmament
conference.

Associated Press Plioto

WASHINGTON, Nov. 19. </P) —
President Hoover and Foreign Min
ister Grandi of Italy spread the
trouble map of the world before
them tonight and searched together
for a way to make it one of pros
perous peace.
With Secretary Stimson the two
sought to define the world's diffi
culties in which international co
operation or Italian-American col
laboration could offer a solution.
They spoke in English, uninter
rupted by interpreters. Formality
was abandoned. Secretary Stimson
said they talked '"like three human
beings."
Economic Questions
Many subjects stretching into the
far reaches of economics and poli
tics camc up. Their attention cen
tered principally on the world's eco
nomic ills, with their entanglement
of intergovernmental debts, indus
trial slumps, budgets, and disarma
ment.
Grandi, who speaks with all the
authority of Premier Mussolini, fa
vored revision of the debt payment
arrangements. Italy can
cellation of war debts and repara
tions.
Moratorium Temporary
America is opposed to cancellation.
President Hoover proposed the
moratorium as a temporary relief
measure, designed primarily to as
sist Germany. His attitude was that
any further move toward debt or
reparation relief must come from
Europe. Premier Laval of France
agreed with this stand in his re
cent talks with Mr. Hoover.
Immediately after this morning's
discussion Secretary Stimson reit
erated this position. The United
States will not participate in any
negotiations now in progress in
Europe upon the problem, he said.
On the disarmament question the
th ree found ready agreement. All
believed a sincere effort must be
made to reduce armament burdens
at the coming general disarmament
conference.

Associated Press Plioto

WASHINGTON, Nov. 19. </P) —
President Hoover and Foreign Min
ister Grandi of Italy spread the
trouble map of the world before
them tonight and searched together
for a way to make it one of pros
perous peace.
With Secretary Stimson the two
sought to define the world's diffi
culties in which international co
operation or Italian-American col
laboration could offer a solution.
They spoke in English, uninter
rupted by interpreters. Formality
was abandoned. Secretary Stimson
said they talked '"like three human
beings."
Economic Questions
Many subjects stretching into the
far reaches of economics and poli
tics camc up. Their attention cen
tered principally on the world's eco
nomic ills, with their entanglement
of intergovernmental debts, indus
trial slumps, budgets, and disarma
ment.
Grandi, who speaks with all the
authority of Premier Mussolini, fa
vored revision of the debt payment
arrangements. Italy can
cellation of war debts and repara
tions.
Moratorium Temporary
America is opposed to cancellation.
President Hoover proposed the
moratorium as a temporary relief
measure, designed primarily to as
sist Germany. His attitude was that
any further move toward debt or
reparation relief must come from
Europe. Premier Laval of France
agreed with this stand in his re
cent talks with Mr. Hoover.
Immediately after this morning's
discussion Secretary Stimson reit
erated this position. The United
States will not participate in any
negotiations now in progress in
Europe upon the problem, he said.
On the disarmament question the
th ree found ready agreement. All
believed a sincere effort must be
made to reduce armament burdens
at the coming general disarmament
conference.

Associated Press Plioto

WASHINGTON, Nov. 19. </P) —
President Hoover and Foreign Min
ister Grandi of Italy spread the
trouble map of the world before
them tonight and searched together
for a way to make it one of pros
perous peace.
With Secretary Stimson the two
sought to define the world's diffi
culties in which international co
operation or Italian-American col
laboration could offer a solution.
They spoke in English, uninter
rupted by interpreters. Formality
was abandoned. Secretary Stimson
said they talked '"like three human
beings."
Economic Questions
Many subjects stretching into the
far reaches of economics and poli
tics camc up. Their attention cen
tered principally on the world's eco
nomic ills, with their entanglement
of intergovernmental debts, indus
trial slumps, budgets, and disarma
ment.
Grandi, who speaks with all the
authority of Premier Mussolini, fa
vored revision of the debt payment
arrangements. Italy can
cellation of war debts and repara
tions.
Moratorium Temporary
America is opposed to cancellation.
President Hoover proposed the
moratorium as a temporary relief
measure, designed primarily to as
sist Germany. His attitude was that
any further move toward debt or
reparation relief must come from
Europe. Premier Laval of France
agreed with this stand in his re
cent talks with Mr. Hoover.
Immediately after this morning's
discussion Secretary Stimson reit
erated this position. The United
States will not participate in any
negotiations now in progress in
Europe upon the problem, he said.
On the disarmament question the
th ree found ready agreement. All
believed a sincere effort must be
made to reduce armament burdens
at the coming general disarmament
conference.

Associated Press Plioto

WASHINGTON, Nov. 19. </P) —
President Hoover and Foreign Min
ister Grandi of Italy spread the
trouble map of the world before
them tonight and searched together
for a way to make it one of pros
perous peace.
With Secretary Stimson the two
sought to define the world's diffi
culties in which international co
operation or Italian-American col
laboration could offer a solution.
They spoke in English, uninter
rupted by interpreters. Formality
was abandoned. Secretary Stimson
said they talked '"like three human
beings."
Economic Questions
Many subjects stretching into the
far reaches of economics and poli
tics camc up. Their attention cen
tered principally on the world's eco
nomic ills, with their entanglement
of intergovernmental debts, indus
trial slumps, budgets, and disarma
ment.
Grandi, who speaks with all the
authority of Premier Mussolini, fa
vored revision of the debt payment
arrangements. Italy can
cellation of war debts and repara
tions.
Moratorium Temporary
America is opposed to cancellation.
President Hoover proposed the
moratorium as a temporary relief
measure, designed primarily to as
sist Germany. His attitude was that
any further move toward debt or
reparation relief must come from
Europe. Premier Laval of France
agreed with this stand in his re
cent talks with Mr. Hoover.
Immediately after this morning's
discussion Secretary Stimson reit
erated this position. The United
States will not participate in any
negotiations now in progress in
Europe upon the problem, he said.
On the disarmament question the
th ree found ready agreement. All
believed a sincere effort must be
made to reduce armament burdens
at the coming general disarmament
conference.

Associated Press Plioto

