# PORTER LECTURES BEFORE STANFORD BUSINESS SOCIETY
## 
### 
G. Harold Porter, vice-president
of the Piadio Corporation of Amer
ica and president of the San Fran
cisco Rotary Club, spoke before the
members of the Stanford Business
Club last night ih the Union dining
room. He opened his talk with the
statement that "the further down in
business you start, the more likely
you arc to succeed and the higher
you will go."
President Jack McDowell opened
the meeting and presented Porter,
who began his remarks with a his
tory of his life, pointing out that
only through determination and sin
cerity has he reached the position
in the business world that he now
holds.
Porter used his life history as a
means to show the business club
members that it is the "rank and
file of the business that makes it
what it is, not the executives." He
continued: "If you have an educa
tion, well and good, hut don't de
pend on it to carry you through.
You have to use your common sense
and tenacity to make your educa
tion work for you."
G. Harold Porter, vice-president
of the Piadio Corporation of Amer
ica and president of the San Fran
cisco Rotary Club, spoke before the
members of the Stanford Business
Club last night ih the Union dining
room. He opened his talk with the
statement that "the further down in
business you start, the more likely
you arc to succeed and the higher
you will go."
President Jack McDowell opened
the meeting and presented Porter,
who began his remarks with a his
tory of his life, pointing out that
only through determination and sin
cerity has he reached the position
in the business world that he now
holds.
Porter used his life history as a
means to show the business club
members that it is the "rank and
file of the business that makes it
what it is, not the executives." He
continued: "If you have an educa
tion, well and good, hut don't de
pend on it to carry you through.
You have to use your common sense
and tenacity to make your educa
tion work for you."
G. Harold Porter, vice-president
of the Piadio Corporation of Amer
ica and president of the San Fran
cisco Rotary Club, spoke before the
members of the Stanford Business
Club last night ih the Union dining
room. He opened his talk with the
statement that "the further down in
business you start, the more likely
you arc to succeed and the higher
you will go."
President Jack McDowell opened
the meeting and presented Porter,
who began his remarks with a his
tory of his life, pointing out that
only through determination and sin
cerity has he reached the position
in the business world that he now
holds.
Porter used his life history as a
means to show the business club
members that it is the "rank and
file of the business that makes it
what it is, not the executives." He
continued: "If you have an educa
tion, well and good, hut don't de
pend on it to carry you through.
You have to use your common sense
and tenacity to make your educa
tion work for you."
G. Harold Porter, vice-president
of the Piadio Corporation of Amer
ica and president of the San Fran
cisco Rotary Club, spoke before the
members of the Stanford Business
Club last night ih the Union dining
room. He opened his talk with the
statement that "the further down in
business you start, the more likely
you arc to succeed and the higher
you will go."
President Jack McDowell opened
the meeting and presented Porter,
who began his remarks with a his
tory of his life, pointing out that
only through determination and sin
cerity has he reached the position
in the business world that he now
holds.
Porter used his life history as a
means to show the business club
members that it is the "rank and
file of the business that makes it
what it is, not the executives." He
continued: "If you have an educa
tion, well and good, hut don't de
pend on it to carry you through.
You have to use your common sense
and tenacity to make your educa
tion work for you."
G. Harold Porter, vice-president
of the Piadio Corporation of Amer
ica and president of the San Fran
cisco Rotary Club, spoke before the
members of the Stanford Business
Club last night ih the Union dining
room. He opened his talk with the
statement that "the further down in
business you start, the more likely
you arc to succeed and the higher
you will go."
President Jack McDowell opened
the meeting and presented Porter,
who began his remarks with a his
tory of his life, pointing out that
only through determination and sin
cerity has he reached the position
in the business world that he now
holds.
Porter used his life history as a
means to show the business club
members that it is the "rank and
file of the business that makes it
what it is, not the executives." He
continued: "If you have an educa
tion, well and good, hut don't de
pend on it to carry you through.
You have to use your common sense
and tenacity to make your educa
tion work for you."
G. Harold Porter, vice-president
of the Piadio Corporation of Amer
ica and president of the San Fran
cisco Rotary Club, spoke before the
members of the Stanford Business
Club last night ih the Union dining
room. He opened his talk with the
statement that "the further down in
business you start, the more likely
you arc to succeed and the higher
you will go."
President Jack McDowell opened
the meeting and presented Porter,
who began his remarks with a his
tory of his life, pointing out that
only through determination and sin
cerity has he reached the position
in the business world that he now
holds.
Porter used his life history as a
means to show the business club
members that it is the "rank and
file of the business that makes it
what it is, not the executives." He
continued: "If you have an educa
tion, well and good, hut don't de
pend on it to carry you through.
You have to use your common sense
and tenacity to make your educa
tion work for you."
G. Harold Porter, vice-president
of the Piadio Corporation of Amer
ica and president of the San Fran
cisco Rotary Club, spoke before the
members of the Stanford Business
Club last night ih the Union dining
room. He opened his talk with the
statement that "the further down in
business you start, the more likely
you arc to succeed and the higher
you will go."
President Jack McDowell opened
the meeting and presented Porter,
who began his remarks with a his
tory of his life, pointing out that
only through determination and sin
cerity has he reached the position
in the business world that he now
holds.
Porter used his life history as a
means to show the business club
members that it is the "rank and
file of the business that makes it
what it is, not the executives." He
continued: "If you have an educa
tion, well and good, hut don't de
pend on it to carry you through.
You have to use your common sense
and tenacity to make your educa
tion work for you."
G. Harold Porter, vice-president
of the Piadio Corporation of Amer
ica and president of the San Fran
cisco Rotary Club, spoke before the
members of the Stanford Business
Club last night ih the Union dining
room. He opened his talk with the
statement that "the further down in
business you start, the more likely
you arc to succeed and the higher
you will go."
President Jack McDowell opened
the meeting and presented Porter,
who began his remarks with a his
tory of his life, pointing out that
only through determination and sin
cerity has he reached the position
in the business world that he now
holds.
Porter used his life history as a
means to show the business club
members that it is the "rank and
file of the business that makes it
what it is, not the executives." He
continued: "If you have an educa
tion, well and good, hut don't de
pend on it to carry you through.
You have to use your common sense
and tenacity to make your educa
tion work for you."
G. Harold Porter, vice-president
of the Piadio Corporation of Amer
ica and president of the San Fran
cisco Rotary Club, spoke before the
members of the Stanford Business
Club last night ih the Union dining
room. He opened his talk with the
statement that "the further down in
business you start, the more likely
you arc to succeed and the higher
you will go."
President Jack McDowell opened
the meeting and presented Porter,
who began his remarks with a his
tory of his life, pointing out that
only through determination and sin
cerity has he reached the position
in the business world that he now
holds.
Porter used his life history as a
means to show the business club
members that it is the "rank and
file of the business that makes it
what it is, not the executives." He
continued: "If you have an educa
tion, well and good, hut don't de
pend on it to carry you through.
You have to use your common sense
and tenacity to make your educa
tion work for you."
G. Harold Porter, vice-president
of the Piadio Corporation of Amer
ica and president of the San Fran
cisco Rotary Club, spoke before the
members of the Stanford Business
Club last night ih the Union dining
room. He opened his talk with the
statement that "the further down in
business you start, the more likely
you arc to succeed and the higher
you will go."
President Jack McDowell opened
the meeting and presented Porter,
who began his remarks with a his
tory of his life, pointing out that
only through determination and sin
cerity has he reached the position
in the business world that he now
holds.
Porter used his life history as a
means to show the business club
members that it is the "rank and
file of the business that makes it
what it is, not the executives." He
continued: "If you have an educa
tion, well and good, hut don't de
pend on it to carry you through.
You have to use your common sense
and tenacity to make your educa
tion work for you."
G. Harold Porter, vice-president
of the Piadio Corporation of Amer
ica and president of the San Fran
cisco Rotary Club, spoke before the
members of the Stanford Business
Club last night ih the Union dining
room. He opened his talk with the
statement that "the further down in
business you start, the more likely
you arc to succeed and the higher
you will go."
President Jack McDowell opened
the meeting and presented Porter,
who began his remarks with a his
tory of his life, pointing out that
only through determination and sin
cerity has he reached the position
in the business world that he now
holds.
Porter used his life history as a
means to show the business club
members that it is the "rank and
file of the business that makes it
what it is, not the executives." He
continued: "If you have an educa
tion, well and good, hut don't de
pend on it to carry you through.
You have to use your common sense
and tenacity to make your educa
tion work for you."
G. Harold Porter, vice-president
of the Piadio Corporation of Amer
ica and president of the San Fran
cisco Rotary Club, spoke before the
members of the Stanford Business
Club last night ih the Union dining
room. He opened his talk with the
statement that "the further down in
business you start, the more likely
you arc to succeed and the higher
you will go."
President Jack McDowell opened
the meeting and presented Porter,
who began his remarks with a his
tory of his life, pointing out that
only through determination and sin
cerity has he reached the position
in the business world that he now
holds.
Porter used his life history as a
means to show the business club
members that it is the "rank and
file of the business that makes it
what it is, not the executives." He
continued: "If you have an educa
tion, well and good, hut don't de
pend on it to carry you through.
You have to use your common sense
and tenacity to make your educa
tion work for you."
G. Harold Porter, vice-president
of the Piadio Corporation of Amer
ica and president of the San Fran
cisco Rotary Club, spoke before the
members of the Stanford Business
Club last night ih the Union dining
room. He opened his talk with the
statement that "the further down in
business you start, the more likely
you arc to succeed and the higher
you will go."
President Jack McDowell opened
the meeting and presented Porter,
who began his remarks with a his
tory of his life, pointing out that
only through determination and sin
cerity has he reached the position
in the business world that he now
holds.
Porter used his life history as a
means to show the business club
members that it is the "rank and
file of the business that makes it
what it is, not the executives." He
continued: "If you have an educa
tion, well and good, hut don't de
pend on it to carry you through.
You have to use your common sense
and tenacity to make your educa
tion work for you."
G. Harold Porter, vice-president
of the Piadio Corporation of Amer
ica and president of the San Fran
cisco Rotary Club, spoke before the
members of the Stanford Business
Club last night ih the Union dining
room. He opened his talk with the
statement that "the further down in
business you start, the more likely
you arc to succeed and the higher
you will go."
President Jack McDowell opened
the meeting and presented Porter,
who began his remarks with a his
tory of his life, pointing out that
only through determination and sin
cerity has he reached the position
in the business world that he now
holds.
Porter used his life history as a
means to show the business club
members that it is the "rank and
file of the business that makes it
what it is, not the executives." He
continued: "If you have an educa
tion, well and good, hut don't de
pend on it to carry you through.
You have to use your common sense
and tenacity to make your educa
tion work for you."
G. Harold Porter, vice-president
of the Piadio Corporation of Amer
ica and president of the San Fran
cisco Rotary Club, spoke before the
members of the Stanford Business
Club last night ih the Union dining
room. He opened his talk with the
statement that "the further down in
business you start, the more likely
you arc to succeed and the higher
you will go."
President Jack McDowell opened
the meeting and presented Porter,
who began his remarks with a his
tory of his life, pointing out that
only through determination and sin
cerity has he reached the position
in the business world that he now
holds.
Porter used his life history as a
means to show the business club
members that it is the "rank and
file of the business that makes it
what it is, not the executives." He
continued: "If you have an educa
tion, well and good, hut don't de
pend on it to carry you through.
You have to use your common sense
and tenacity to make your educa
tion work for you."
