# TRAIN KILLS FOUR
## 
### 
DETROIT, Jan. 15) (TPi -Four per
sons were killed and two others
seriously injured late today when a
train struck a truckload of Depart
ment of Welfare employes at a
Michigan Central railroad crossing
on Dix avenue.
DETROIT, Jan. 15) (TPi -Four per
sons were killed and two others
seriously injured late today when a
train struck a truckload of Depart
ment of Welfare employes at a
Michigan Central railroad crossing
on Dix avenue.
DETROIT, Jan. 15) (TPi -Four per
sons were killed and two others
seriously injured late today when a
train struck a truckload of Depart
ment of Welfare employes at a
Michigan Central railroad crossing
on Dix avenue.
DETROIT, Jan. 15) (TPi -Four per
sons were killed and two others
seriously injured late today when a
train struck a truckload of Depart
ment of Welfare employes at a
Michigan Central railroad crossing
on Dix avenue.
DETROIT, Jan. 15) (TPi -Four per
sons were killed and two others
seriously injured late today when a
train struck a truckload of Depart
ment of Welfare employes at a
Michigan Central railroad crossing
on Dix avenue.
DETROIT, Jan. 15) (TPi -Four per
sons were killed and two others
seriously injured late today when a
train struck a truckload of Depart
ment of Welfare employes at a
Michigan Central railroad crossing
on Dix avenue.
DETROIT, Jan. 15) (TPi -Four per
sons were killed and two others
seriously injured late today when a
train struck a truckload of Depart
ment of Welfare employes at a
Michigan Central railroad crossing
on Dix avenue.
DETROIT, Jan. 15) (TPi -Four per
sons were killed and two others
seriously injured late today when a
train struck a truckload of Depart
ment of Welfare employes at a
Michigan Central railroad crossing
on Dix avenue.
DETROIT, Jan. 15) (TPi -Four per
sons were killed and two others
seriously injured late today when a
train struck a truckload of Depart
ment of Welfare employes at a
Michigan Central railroad crossing
on Dix avenue.
DETROIT, Jan. 15) (TPi -Four per
sons were killed and two others
seriously injured late today when a
train struck a truckload of Depart
ment of Welfare employes at a
Michigan Central railroad crossing
on Dix avenue.
DETROIT, Jan. 15) (TPi -Four per
sons were killed and two others
seriously injured late today when a
train struck a truckload of Depart
ment of Welfare employes at a
Michigan Central railroad crossing
on Dix avenue.
DETROIT, Jan. 15) (TPi -Four per
sons were killed and two others
seriously injured late today when a
train struck a truckload of Depart
ment of Welfare employes at a
Michigan Central railroad crossing
on Dix avenue.
DETROIT, Jan. 15) (TPi -Four per
sons were killed and two others
seriously injured late today when a
train struck a truckload of Depart
ment of Welfare employes at a
Michigan Central railroad crossing
on Dix avenue.
DETROIT, Jan. 15) (TPi -Four per
sons were killed and two others
seriously injured late today when a
train struck a truckload of Depart
ment of Welfare employes at a
Michigan Central railroad crossing
on Dix avenue.
DETROIT, Jan. 15) (TPi -Four per
sons were killed and two others
seriously injured late today when a
train struck a truckload of Depart
ment of Welfare employes at a
Michigan Central railroad crossing
on Dix avenue.
