# Untitled Article
## 
### 
At a late hour last night it was
announced that Charley Viguie,
who lurs been benched during the
fast three games, will start at
forward in tomorrow night's Lit
tle Big Game. Viguie will replace
Syd Rosenberg at this position.
At a late hour last night it was
announced that Charley Viguie,
who lurs been benched during the
fast three games, will start at
forward in tomorrow night's Lit
tle Big Game. Viguie will replace
Syd Rosenberg at this position.
At a late hour last night it was
announced that Charley Viguie,
who lurs been benched during the
fast three games, will start at
forward in tomorrow night's Lit
tle Big Game. Viguie will replace
Syd Rosenberg at this position.
At a late hour last night it was
announced that Charley Viguie,
who lurs been benched during the
fast three games, will start at
forward in tomorrow night's Lit
tle Big Game. Viguie will replace
Syd Rosenberg at this position.
At a late hour last night it was
announced that Charley Viguie,
who lurs been benched during the
fast three games, will start at
forward in tomorrow night's Lit
tle Big Game. Viguie will replace
Syd Rosenberg at this position.
At a late hour last night it was
announced that Charley Viguie,
who lurs been benched during the
fast three games, will start at
forward in tomorrow night's Lit
tle Big Game. Viguie will replace
Syd Rosenberg at this position.
At a late hour last night it was
announced that Charley Viguie,
who lurs been benched during the
fast three games, will start at
forward in tomorrow night's Lit
tle Big Game. Viguie will replace
Syd Rosenberg at this position.
At a late hour last night it was
announced that Charley Viguie,
who lurs been benched during the
fast three games, will start at
forward in tomorrow night's Lit
tle Big Game. Viguie will replace
Syd Rosenberg at this position.
At a late hour last night it was
announced that Charley Viguie,
who lurs been benched during the
fast three games, will start at
forward in tomorrow night's Lit
tle Big Game. Viguie will replace
Syd Rosenberg at this position.
At a late hour last night it was
announced that Charley Viguie,
who lurs been benched during the
fast three games, will start at
forward in tomorrow night's Lit
tle Big Game. Viguie will replace
Syd Rosenberg at this position.
At a late hour last night it was
announced that Charley Viguie,
who lurs been benched during the
fast three games, will start at
forward in tomorrow night's Lit
tle Big Game. Viguie will replace
Syd Rosenberg at this position.
At a late hour last night it was
announced that Charley Viguie,
who lurs been benched during the
fast three games, will start at
forward in tomorrow night's Lit
tle Big Game. Viguie will replace
Syd Rosenberg at this position.
At a late hour last night it was
announced that Charley Viguie,
who lurs been benched during the
fast three games, will start at
forward in tomorrow night's Lit
tle Big Game. Viguie will replace
Syd Rosenberg at this position.
At a late hour last night it was
announced that Charley Viguie,
who lurs been benched during the
fast three games, will start at
forward in tomorrow night's Lit
tle Big Game. Viguie will replace
Syd Rosenberg at this position.
