# SENATE OKEHS EMBARGO
## 
### 
WASHINGTON. Jan. 19 (TP)—'The
Senate today approved a resolution
to permit President Hoover to place
an embargo on the exportation of
arms.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 19 (TP)—'The
Senate today approved a resolution
to permit President Hoover to place
an embargo on the exportation of
arms.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 19 (TP)—'The
Senate today approved a resolution
to permit President Hoover to place
an embargo on the exportation of
arms.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 19 (TP)—'The
Senate today approved a resolution
to permit President Hoover to place
an embargo on the exportation of
arms.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 19 (TP)—'The
Senate today approved a resolution
to permit President Hoover to place
an embargo on the exportation of
arms.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 19 (TP)—'The
Senate today approved a resolution
to permit President Hoover to place
an embargo on the exportation of
arms.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 19 (TP)—'The
Senate today approved a resolution
to permit President Hoover to place
an embargo on the exportation of
arms.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 19 (TP)—'The
Senate today approved a resolution
to permit President Hoover to place
an embargo on the exportation of
arms.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 19 (TP)—'The
Senate today approved a resolution
to permit President Hoover to place
an embargo on the exportation of
arms.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 19 (TP)—'The
Senate today approved a resolution
to permit President Hoover to place
an embargo on the exportation of
arms.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 19 (TP)—'The
Senate today approved a resolution
to permit President Hoover to place
an embargo on the exportation of
arms.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 19 (TP)—'The
Senate today approved a resolution
to permit President Hoover to place
an embargo on the exportation of
arms.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 19 (TP)—'The
Senate today approved a resolution
to permit President Hoover to place
an embargo on the exportation of
arms.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 19 (TP)—'The
Senate today approved a resolution
to permit President Hoover to place
an embargo on the exportation of
arms.
