# Farm Mermaids Moan As Drizzle Skips Lagunita
## 
### 
Although it has turned caked
campus mud to slush and afldcd
.1)7 inches to the season's rain
fall of 3.07, the downpour of
the last two days has not ma
terially affcctcd the Farm's
reservoirs nor brightened the
prospects of a brimming Lagu
nita in 1933.
The rain, heaviest 48-hour
downfall this winter has not
added to the flow of San Fran
cisquito Creek and its tribu
taries, Los Trancos, West Union,
and Hear creeks. On the runoff
of these streams depends the
filling of Lagunita.
To fill the campus lake re
quires 117,000,000 gallons of San
Francisquito's muddy water.
The amount of water now pass- ]
ing over the dam which diverts
the flow of water from the creek
bed at Lagunita is negligible.
Although it has turned caked
campus mud to slush and afldcd
.1)7 inches to the season's rain
fall of 3.07, the downpour of
the last two days has not ma
terially affcctcd the Farm's
reservoirs nor brightened the
prospects of a brimming Lagu
nita in 1933.
The rain, heaviest 48-hour
downfall this winter has not
added to the flow of San Fran
cisquito Creek and its tribu
taries, Los Trancos, West Union,
and Hear creeks. On the runoff
of these streams depends the
filling of Lagunita.
To fill the campus lake re
quires 117,000,000 gallons of San
Francisquito's muddy water.
The amount of water now pass- ]
ing over the dam which diverts
the flow of water from the creek
bed at Lagunita is negligible.
Although it has turned caked
campus mud to slush and afldcd
.1)7 inches to the season's rain
fall of 3.07, the downpour of
the last two days has not ma
terially affcctcd the Farm's
reservoirs nor brightened the
prospects of a brimming Lagu
nita in 1933.
The rain, heaviest 48-hour
downfall this winter has not
added to the flow of San Fran
cisquito Creek and its tribu
taries, Los Trancos, West Union,
and Hear creeks. On the runoff
of these streams depends the
filling of Lagunita.
To fill the campus lake re
quires 117,000,000 gallons of San
Francisquito's muddy water.
The amount of water now pass- ]
ing over the dam which diverts
the flow of water from the creek
bed at Lagunita is negligible.
Although it has turned caked
campus mud to slush and afldcd
.1)7 inches to the season's rain
fall of 3.07, the downpour of
the last two days has not ma
terially affcctcd the Farm's
reservoirs nor brightened the
prospects of a brimming Lagu
nita in 1933.
The rain, heaviest 48-hour
downfall this winter has not
added to the flow of San Fran
cisquito Creek and its tribu
taries, Los Trancos, West Union,
and Hear creeks. On the runoff
of these streams depends the
filling of Lagunita.
To fill the campus lake re
quires 117,000,000 gallons of San
Francisquito's muddy water.
The amount of water now pass- ]
ing over the dam which diverts
the flow of water from the creek
bed at Lagunita is negligible.
Although it has turned caked
campus mud to slush and afldcd
.1)7 inches to the season's rain
fall of 3.07, the downpour of
the last two days has not ma
terially affcctcd the Farm's
reservoirs nor brightened the
prospects of a brimming Lagu
nita in 1933.
The rain, heaviest 48-hour
downfall this winter has not
added to the flow of San Fran
cisquito Creek and its tribu
taries, Los Trancos, West Union,
and Hear creeks. On the runoff
of these streams depends the
filling of Lagunita.
To fill the campus lake re
quires 117,000,000 gallons of San
Francisquito's muddy water.
The amount of water now pass- ]
ing over the dam which diverts
the flow of water from the creek
bed at Lagunita is negligible.
Although it has turned caked
campus mud to slush and afldcd
.1)7 inches to the season's rain
fall of 3.07, the downpour of
the last two days has not ma
terially affcctcd the Farm's
reservoirs nor brightened the
prospects of a brimming Lagu
nita in 1933.
The rain, heaviest 48-hour
downfall this winter has not
added to the flow of San Fran
cisquito Creek and its tribu
taries, Los Trancos, West Union,
and Hear creeks. On the runoff
of these streams depends the
filling of Lagunita.
To fill the campus lake re
quires 117,000,000 gallons of San
Francisquito's muddy water.
The amount of water now pass- ]
ing over the dam which diverts
the flow of water from the creek
bed at Lagunita is negligible.
Although it has turned caked
campus mud to slush and afldcd
.1)7 inches to the season's rain
fall of 3.07, the downpour of
the last two days has not ma
terially affcctcd the Farm's
reservoirs nor brightened the
prospects of a brimming Lagu
nita in 1933.
The rain, heaviest 48-hour
downfall this winter has not
added to the flow of San Fran
cisquito Creek and its tribu
taries, Los Trancos, West Union,
and Hear creeks. On the runoff
of these streams depends the
filling of Lagunita.
To fill the campus lake re
quires 117,000,000 gallons of San
Francisquito's muddy water.
The amount of water now pass- ]
ing over the dam which diverts
the flow of water from the creek
bed at Lagunita is negligible.
Although it has turned caked
campus mud to slush and afldcd
.1)7 inches to the season's rain
fall of 3.07, the downpour of
the last two days has not ma
terially affcctcd the Farm's
reservoirs nor brightened the
prospects of a brimming Lagu
nita in 1933.
The rain, heaviest 48-hour
downfall this winter has not
added to the flow of San Fran
cisquito Creek and its tribu
taries, Los Trancos, West Union,
and Hear creeks. On the runoff
of these streams depends the
filling of Lagunita.
To fill the campus lake re
quires 117,000,000 gallons of San
Francisquito's muddy water.
The amount of water now pass- ]
ing over the dam which diverts
the flow of water from the creek
bed at Lagunita is negligible.
Although it has turned caked
campus mud to slush and afldcd
.1)7 inches to the season's rain
fall of 3.07, the downpour of
the last two days has not ma
terially affcctcd the Farm's
reservoirs nor brightened the
prospects of a brimming Lagu
nita in 1933.
The rain, heaviest 48-hour
downfall this winter has not
added to the flow of San Fran
cisquito Creek and its tribu
taries, Los Trancos, West Union,
and Hear creeks. On the runoff
of these streams depends the
filling of Lagunita.
To fill the campus lake re
quires 117,000,000 gallons of San
Francisquito's muddy water.
The amount of water now pass- ]
ing over the dam which diverts
the flow of water from the creek
bed at Lagunita is negligible.
Although it has turned caked
campus mud to slush and afldcd
.1)7 inches to the season's rain
fall of 3.07, the downpour of
the last two days has not ma
terially affcctcd the Farm's
reservoirs nor brightened the
prospects of a brimming Lagu
nita in 1933.
The rain, heaviest 48-hour
downfall this winter has not
added to the flow of San Fran
cisquito Creek and its tribu
taries, Los Trancos, West Union,
and Hear creeks. On the runoff
of these streams depends the
filling of Lagunita.
To fill the campus lake re
quires 117,000,000 gallons of San
Francisquito's muddy water.
The amount of water now pass- ]
ing over the dam which diverts
the flow of water from the creek
bed at Lagunita is negligible.
Although it has turned caked
campus mud to slush and afldcd
.1)7 inches to the season's rain
fall of 3.07, the downpour of
the last two days has not ma
terially affcctcd the Farm's
reservoirs nor brightened the
prospects of a brimming Lagu
nita in 1933.
The rain, heaviest 48-hour
downfall this winter has not
added to the flow of San Fran
cisquito Creek and its tribu
taries, Los Trancos, West Union,
and Hear creeks. On the runoff
of these streams depends the
filling of Lagunita.
To fill the campus lake re
quires 117,000,000 gallons of San
Francisquito's muddy water.
The amount of water now pass- ]
ing over the dam which diverts
the flow of water from the creek
bed at Lagunita is negligible.
Although it has turned caked
campus mud to slush and afldcd
.1)7 inches to the season's rain
fall of 3.07, the downpour of
the last two days has not ma
terially affcctcd the Farm's
reservoirs nor brightened the
prospects of a brimming Lagu
nita in 1933.
The rain, heaviest 48-hour
downfall this winter has not
added to the flow of San Fran
cisquito Creek and its tribu
taries, Los Trancos, West Union,
and Hear creeks. On the runoff
of these streams depends the
filling of Lagunita.
To fill the campus lake re
quires 117,000,000 gallons of San
Francisquito's muddy water.
The amount of water now pass- ]
ing over the dam which diverts
the flow of water from the creek
bed at Lagunita is negligible.
Although it has turned caked
campus mud to slush and afldcd
.1)7 inches to the season's rain
fall of 3.07, the downpour of
the last two days has not ma
terially affcctcd the Farm's
reservoirs nor brightened the
prospects of a brimming Lagu
nita in 1933.
The rain, heaviest 48-hour
downfall this winter has not
added to the flow of San Fran
cisquito Creek and its tribu
taries, Los Trancos, West Union,
and Hear creeks. On the runoff
of these streams depends the
filling of Lagunita.
To fill the campus lake re
quires 117,000,000 gallons of San
Francisquito's muddy water.
The amount of water now pass- ]
ing over the dam which diverts
the flow of water from the creek
bed at Lagunita is negligible.
Although it has turned caked
campus mud to slush and afldcd
.1)7 inches to the season's rain
fall of 3.07, the downpour of
the last two days has not ma
terially affcctcd the Farm's
reservoirs nor brightened the
prospects of a brimming Lagu
nita in 1933.
The rain, heaviest 48-hour
downfall this winter has not
added to the flow of San Fran
cisquito Creek and its tribu
taries, Los Trancos, West Union,
and Hear creeks. On the runoff
of these streams depends the
filling of Lagunita.
To fill the campus lake re
quires 117,000,000 gallons of San
Francisquito's muddy water.
The amount of water now pass- ]
ing over the dam which diverts
the flow of water from the creek
bed at Lagunita is negligible.
Although it has turned caked
campus mud to slush and afldcd
.1)7 inches to the season's rain
fall of 3.07, the downpour of
the last two days has not ma
terially affcctcd the Farm's
reservoirs nor brightened the
prospects of a brimming Lagu
nita in 1933.
The rain, heaviest 48-hour
downfall this winter has not
added to the flow of San Fran
cisquito Creek and its tribu
taries, Los Trancos, West Union,
and Hear creeks. On the runoff
of these streams depends the
filling of Lagunita.
To fill the campus lake re
quires 117,000,000 gallons of San
Francisquito's muddy water.
The amount of water now pass- ]
ing over the dam which diverts
the flow of water from the creek
bed at Lagunita is negligible.
