# IRISH PRESIDENTIAL RIVALS
## 
### 

With voting only four days away, William T. Cosgrave (left), former
president, and incumbent Eanion de Valera are in a heated battle for the
presidency of the Irish Free State.

With voting only four days away, William T. Cosgrave (left), former
president, and incumbent Eanion de Valera are in a heated battle for the
presidency of the Irish Free State.

With voting only four days away, William T. Cosgrave (left), former
president, and incumbent Eanion de Valera are in a heated battle for the
presidency of the Irish Free State.

With voting only four days away, William T. Cosgrave (left), former
president, and incumbent Eanion de Valera are in a heated battle for the
presidency of the Irish Free State.

With voting only four days away, William T. Cosgrave (left), former
president, and incumbent Eanion de Valera are in a heated battle for the
presidency of the Irish Free State.

With voting only four days away, William T. Cosgrave (left), former
president, and incumbent Eanion de Valera are in a heated battle for the
presidency of the Irish Free State.

With voting only four days away, William T. Cosgrave (left), former
president, and incumbent Eanion de Valera are in a heated battle for the
presidency of the Irish Free State.

With voting only four days away, William T. Cosgrave (left), former
president, and incumbent Eanion de Valera are in a heated battle for the
presidency of the Irish Free State.

With voting only four days away, William T. Cosgrave (left), former
president, and incumbent Eanion de Valera are in a heated battle for the
presidency of the Irish Free State.

With voting only four days away, William T. Cosgrave (left), former
president, and incumbent Eanion de Valera are in a heated battle for the
presidency of the Irish Free State.

With voting only four days away, William T. Cosgrave (left), former
president, and incumbent Eanion de Valera are in a heated battle for the
presidency of the Irish Free State.

With voting only four days away, William T. Cosgrave (left), former
president, and incumbent Eanion de Valera are in a heated battle for the
presidency of the Irish Free State.

With voting only four days away, William T. Cosgrave (left), former
president, and incumbent Eanion de Valera are in a heated battle for the
presidency of the Irish Free State.

With voting only four days away, William T. Cosgrave (left), former
president, and incumbent Eanion de Valera are in a heated battle for the
presidency of the Irish Free State.

With voting only four days away, William T. Cosgrave (left), former
president, and incumbent Eanion de Valera are in a heated battle for the
presidency of the Irish Free State.
