# ENCINA 3E (23)
## 
### 
FG. FT. Pts.
Cockins, f 3 0 G
Crawford, f 1 0 2
Allen, c 2 0 4
Cahill, g 0 0 0
Clark, g 4 1 9
Clark, f 1 o 2
Craig, g 0 0 0
The faculty of the University of
Chicago voted to abolish compulsory
gym-
FG. FT. Pts.
Cockins, f 3 0 G
Crawford, f 1 0 2
Allen, c 2 0 4
Cahill, g 0 0 0
Clark, g 4 1 9
Clark, f 1 o 2
Craig, g 0 0 0
The faculty of the University of
Chicago voted to abolish compulsory
gym-
FG. FT. Pts.
Cockins, f 3 0 G
Crawford, f 1 0 2
Allen, c 2 0 4
Cahill, g 0 0 0
Clark, g 4 1 9
Clark, f 1 o 2
Craig, g 0 0 0
The faculty of the University of
Chicago voted to abolish compulsory
gym-
FG. FT. Pts.
Cockins, f 3 0 G
Crawford, f 1 0 2
Allen, c 2 0 4
Cahill, g 0 0 0
Clark, g 4 1 9
Clark, f 1 o 2
Craig, g 0 0 0
The faculty of the University of
Chicago voted to abolish compulsory
gym-
FG. FT. Pts.
Cockins, f 3 0 G
Crawford, f 1 0 2
Allen, c 2 0 4
Cahill, g 0 0 0
Clark, g 4 1 9
Clark, f 1 o 2
Craig, g 0 0 0
The faculty of the University of
Chicago voted to abolish compulsory
gym-
FG. FT. Pts.
Cockins, f 3 0 G
Crawford, f 1 0 2
Allen, c 2 0 4
Cahill, g 0 0 0
Clark, g 4 1 9
Clark, f 1 o 2
Craig, g 0 0 0
The faculty of the University of
Chicago voted to abolish compulsory
gym-
FG. FT. Pts.
Cockins, f 3 0 G
Crawford, f 1 0 2
Allen, c 2 0 4
Cahill, g 0 0 0
Clark, g 4 1 9
Clark, f 1 o 2
Craig, g 0 0 0
The faculty of the University of
Chicago voted to abolish compulsory
gym-
FG. FT. Pts.
Cockins, f 3 0 G
Crawford, f 1 0 2
Allen, c 2 0 4
Cahill, g 0 0 0
Clark, g 4 1 9
Clark, f 1 o 2
Craig, g 0 0 0
The faculty of the University of
Chicago voted to abolish compulsory
gym-
FG. FT. Pts.
Cockins, f 3 0 G
Crawford, f 1 0 2
Allen, c 2 0 4
Cahill, g 0 0 0
Clark, g 4 1 9
Clark, f 1 o 2
Craig, g 0 0 0
The faculty of the University of
Chicago voted to abolish compulsory
gym-
FG. FT. Pts.
Cockins, f 3 0 G
Crawford, f 1 0 2
Allen, c 2 0 4
Cahill, g 0 0 0
Clark, g 4 1 9
Clark, f 1 o 2
Craig, g 0 0 0
The faculty of the University of
Chicago voted to abolish compulsory
gym-
FG. FT. Pts.
Cockins, f 3 0 G
Crawford, f 1 0 2
Allen, c 2 0 4
Cahill, g 0 0 0
Clark, g 4 1 9
Clark, f 1 o 2
Craig, g 0 0 0
The faculty of the University of
Chicago voted to abolish compulsory
gym-
FG. FT. Pts.
Cockins, f 3 0 G
Crawford, f 1 0 2
Allen, c 2 0 4
Cahill, g 0 0 0
Clark, g 4 1 9
Clark, f 1 o 2
Craig, g 0 0 0
The faculty of the University of
Chicago voted to abolish compulsory
gym-
FG. FT. Pts.
Cockins, f 3 0 G
Crawford, f 1 0 2
Allen, c 2 0 4
Cahill, g 0 0 0
Clark, g 4 1 9
Clark, f 1 o 2
Craig, g 0 0 0
The faculty of the University of
Chicago voted to abolish compulsory
gym-
FG. FT. Pts.
Cockins, f 3 0 G
Crawford, f 1 0 2
Allen, c 2 0 4
Cahill, g 0 0 0
Clark, g 4 1 9
Clark, f 1 o 2
Craig, g 0 0 0
The faculty of the University of
Chicago voted to abolish compulsory
gym-
