# Railway Company Incorporates.
## 
### 
The San Jose and Santa Clara
Railroad Company filed articles of
incorporation last Friday morning
at San Joee. The object of the
company as given is to construct
and operate a railroad from Alum
Rock Park through San Jose, Santa
Clara, Mountain View, Palo Alto,
Menlo Park, and Redwood City to
San Mateo, with a branch line to
Berryessa. The company is capi
talized at $5,000,000.
The San Jose and Santa Clara
Railroad Company filed articles of
incorporation last Friday morning
at San Joee. The object of the
company as given is to construct
and operate a railroad from Alum
Rock Park through San Jose, Santa
Clara, Mountain View, Palo Alto,
Menlo Park, and Redwood City to
San Mateo, with a branch line to
Berryessa. The company is capi
talized at $5,000,000.
The San Jose and Santa Clara
Railroad Company filed articles of
incorporation last Friday morning
at San Joee. The object of the
company as given is to construct
and operate a railroad from Alum
Rock Park through San Jose, Santa
Clara, Mountain View, Palo Alto,
Menlo Park, and Redwood City to
San Mateo, with a branch line to
Berryessa. The company is capi
talized at $5,000,000.
The San Jose and Santa Clara
Railroad Company filed articles of
incorporation last Friday morning
at San Joee. The object of the
company as given is to construct
and operate a railroad from Alum
Rock Park through San Jose, Santa
Clara, Mountain View, Palo Alto,
Menlo Park, and Redwood City to
San Mateo, with a branch line to
Berryessa. The company is capi
talized at $5,000,000.
The San Jose and Santa Clara
Railroad Company filed articles of
incorporation last Friday morning
at San Joee. The object of the
company as given is to construct
and operate a railroad from Alum
Rock Park through San Jose, Santa
Clara, Mountain View, Palo Alto,
Menlo Park, and Redwood City to
San Mateo, with a branch line to
Berryessa. The company is capi
talized at $5,000,000.
The San Jose and Santa Clara
Railroad Company filed articles of
incorporation last Friday morning
at San Joee. The object of the
company as given is to construct
and operate a railroad from Alum
Rock Park through San Jose, Santa
Clara, Mountain View, Palo Alto,
Menlo Park, and Redwood City to
San Mateo, with a branch line to
Berryessa. The company is capi
talized at $5,000,000.
The San Jose and Santa Clara
Railroad Company filed articles of
incorporation last Friday morning
at San Joee. The object of the
company as given is to construct
and operate a railroad from Alum
Rock Park through San Jose, Santa
Clara, Mountain View, Palo Alto,
Menlo Park, and Redwood City to
San Mateo, with a branch line to
Berryessa. The company is capi
talized at $5,000,000.
The San Jose and Santa Clara
Railroad Company filed articles of
incorporation last Friday morning
at San Joee. The object of the
company as given is to construct
and operate a railroad from Alum
Rock Park through San Jose, Santa
Clara, Mountain View, Palo Alto,
Menlo Park, and Redwood City to
San Mateo, with a branch line to
Berryessa. The company is capi
talized at $5,000,000.
The San Jose and Santa Clara
Railroad Company filed articles of
incorporation last Friday morning
at San Joee. The object of the
company as given is to construct
and operate a railroad from Alum
Rock Park through San Jose, Santa
Clara, Mountain View, Palo Alto,
Menlo Park, and Redwood City to
San Mateo, with a branch line to
Berryessa. The company is capi
talized at $5,000,000.
