# California competes in biotech race
## 
### 
San Francisco (AP) —
Competition from other states
for a slice of California's
biotechnology industries ap
pears to be growing, according
to a report issued yesterday by
the staff of an Assembly com
mittee.
The Assembly Committee on
Economic Development and

New Technologies scheduled a
hearing at the University of Cal
ifornia at San Francisco to con
sider how government, industry
and universities can work to
gether to prevent a drain of
biotechnology talent.
Northern California already
enjoys a sizable concentration
of leading scientists in the

biotechnology field — notably
at Stanford and UC campuses in
San Francisco, Berkeley and
Davis.
But Illinois has developed a
research park with $1 million
from the state and a promise of
another $10 million, according
to the committee staffs draft
briefing document on the future

of biotechnology industries in
California.
The park in Chicago already
has attracted a pilot plant for
Applied Molecular Genetics,
Inc., which is based in Califor
nia.
Michigan's Biology Institute,
funded with $1 million annually
trom that state, specializes in

awarding grants for biotechnol
ogy research.
Similar efforts are underway
in New York, where Cornell
University houses the Center
tor Advanced Technology in
biotechnology, and in North
Carolina, where a biotechnol
ogy center supplies research
grants and gives technical aid.
San Francisco (AP) —
Competition from other states
for a slice of California's
biotechnology industries ap
pears to be growing, according
to a report issued yesterday by
the staff of an Assembly com
mittee.
The Assembly Committee on
Economic Development and

New Technologies scheduled a
hearing at the University of Cal
ifornia at San Francisco to con
sider how government, industry
and universities can work to
gether to prevent a drain of
biotechnology talent.
Northern California already
enjoys a sizable concentration
of leading scientists in the

biotechnology field — notably
at Stanford and UC campuses in
San Francisco, Berkeley and
Davis.
But Illinois has developed a
research park with $1 million
from the state and a promise of
another $10 million, according
to the committee staffs draft
briefing document on the future

of biotechnology industries in
California.
The park in Chicago already
has attracted a pilot plant for
Applied Molecular Genetics,
Inc., which is based in Califor
nia.
Michigan's Biology Institute,
funded with $1 million annually
trom that state, specializes in

awarding grants for biotechnol
ogy research.
Similar efforts are underway
in New York, where Cornell
University houses the Center
tor Advanced Technology in
biotechnology, and in North
Carolina, where a biotechnol
ogy center supplies research
grants and gives technical aid.
San Francisco (AP) —
Competition from other states
for a slice of California's
biotechnology industries ap
pears to be growing, according
to a report issued yesterday by
the staff of an Assembly com
mittee.
The Assembly Committee on
Economic Development and

New Technologies scheduled a
hearing at the University of Cal
ifornia at San Francisco to con
sider how government, industry
and universities can work to
gether to prevent a drain of
biotechnology talent.
Northern California already
enjoys a sizable concentration
of leading scientists in the

biotechnology field — notably
at Stanford and UC campuses in
San Francisco, Berkeley and
Davis.
But Illinois has developed a
research park with $1 million
from the state and a promise of
another $10 million, according
to the committee staffs draft
briefing document on the future

of biotechnology industries in
California.
The park in Chicago already
has attracted a pilot plant for
Applied Molecular Genetics,
Inc., which is based in Califor
nia.
Michigan's Biology Institute,
funded with $1 million annually
trom that state, specializes in

awarding grants for biotechnol
ogy research.
Similar efforts are underway
in New York, where Cornell
University houses the Center
tor Advanced Technology in
biotechnology, and in North
Carolina, where a biotechnol
ogy center supplies research
grants and gives technical aid.
San Francisco (AP) —
Competition from other states
for a slice of California's
biotechnology industries ap
pears to be growing, according
to a report issued yesterday by
the staff of an Assembly com
mittee.
The Assembly Committee on
Economic Development and

New Technologies scheduled a
hearing at the University of Cal
ifornia at San Francisco to con
sider how government, industry
and universities can work to
gether to prevent a drain of
biotechnology talent.
Northern California already
enjoys a sizable concentration
of leading scientists in the

biotechnology field — notably
at Stanford and UC campuses in
San Francisco, Berkeley and
Davis.
But Illinois has developed a
research park with $1 million
from the state and a promise of
another $10 million, according
to the committee staffs draft
briefing document on the future

of biotechnology industries in
California.
The park in Chicago already
has attracted a pilot plant for
Applied Molecular Genetics,
Inc., which is based in Califor
nia.
Michigan's Biology Institute,
funded with $1 million annually
trom that state, specializes in

awarding grants for biotechnol
ogy research.
Similar efforts are underway
in New York, where Cornell
University houses the Center
tor Advanced Technology in
biotechnology, and in North
Carolina, where a biotechnol
ogy center supplies research
grants and gives technical aid.
San Francisco (AP) —
Competition from other states
for a slice of California's
biotechnology industries ap
pears to be growing, according
to a report issued yesterday by
the staff of an Assembly com
mittee.
The Assembly Committee on
Economic Development and

New Technologies scheduled a
hearing at the University of Cal
ifornia at San Francisco to con
sider how government, industry
and universities can work to
gether to prevent a drain of
biotechnology talent.
Northern California already
enjoys a sizable concentration
of leading scientists in the

biotechnology field — notably
at Stanford and UC campuses in
San Francisco, Berkeley and
Davis.
But Illinois has developed a
research park with $1 million
from the state and a promise of
another $10 million, according
to the committee staffs draft
briefing document on the future

of biotechnology industries in
California.
The park in Chicago already
has attracted a pilot plant for
Applied Molecular Genetics,
Inc., which is based in Califor
nia.
Michigan's Biology Institute,
funded with $1 million annually
trom that state, specializes in

awarding grants for biotechnol
ogy research.
Similar efforts are underway
in New York, where Cornell
University houses the Center
tor Advanced Technology in
biotechnology, and in North
Carolina, where a biotechnol
ogy center supplies research
grants and gives technical aid.
San Francisco (AP) —
Competition from other states
for a slice of California's
biotechnology industries ap
pears to be growing, according
to a report issued yesterday by
the staff of an Assembly com
mittee.
The Assembly Committee on
Economic Development and

New Technologies scheduled a
hearing at the University of Cal
ifornia at San Francisco to con
sider how government, industry
and universities can work to
gether to prevent a drain of
biotechnology talent.
Northern California already
enjoys a sizable concentration
of leading scientists in the

biotechnology field — notably
at Stanford and UC campuses in
San Francisco, Berkeley and
Davis.
But Illinois has developed a
research park with $1 million
from the state and a promise of
another $10 million, according
to the committee staffs draft
briefing document on the future

of biotechnology industries in
California.
The park in Chicago already
has attracted a pilot plant for
Applied Molecular Genetics,
Inc., which is based in Califor
nia.
Michigan's Biology Institute,
funded with $1 million annually
trom that state, specializes in

awarding grants for biotechnol
ogy research.
Similar efforts are underway
in New York, where Cornell
University houses the Center
tor Advanced Technology in
biotechnology, and in North
Carolina, where a biotechnol
ogy center supplies research
grants and gives technical aid.
San Francisco (AP) —
Competition from other states
for a slice of California's
biotechnology industries ap
pears to be growing, according
to a report issued yesterday by
the staff of an Assembly com
mittee.
The Assembly Committee on
Economic Development and

New Technologies scheduled a
hearing at the University of Cal
ifornia at San Francisco to con
sider how government, industry
and universities can work to
gether to prevent a drain of
biotechnology talent.
Northern California already
enjoys a sizable concentration
of leading scientists in the

biotechnology field — notably
at Stanford and UC campuses in
San Francisco, Berkeley and
Davis.
But Illinois has developed a
research park with $1 million
from the state and a promise of
another $10 million, according
to the committee staffs draft
briefing document on the future

of biotechnology industries in
California.
The park in Chicago already
has attracted a pilot plant for
Applied Molecular Genetics,
Inc., which is based in Califor
nia.
Michigan's Biology Institute,
funded with $1 million annually
trom that state, specializes in

awarding grants for biotechnol
ogy research.
Similar efforts are underway
in New York, where Cornell
University houses the Center
tor Advanced Technology in
biotechnology, and in North
Carolina, where a biotechnol
ogy center supplies research
grants and gives technical aid.
