# Committee Fights For Fair Housing
## 
### 
The Mid-Peninsula Citizens Com
mittee opposing Proposition 14
will hold training sessions next
week to instruct volunteers in
precinct work.
Proposition 14 seeks to repeal
fair housing laws (the Rumford
Act) and to prevent the state leg
islature from acting further in
this field.
The sessions will be held at the
Committee's headquarters at 515
Waverley in Palo Alto July 27
through July 29 and August 3
through August 6.
Each meeting will begin at 8
p.m., and according to a repre
sentative of the Committee, each
worker need attend only one of
the two-hour sessions.
The Mid-Peninsula Citizens Com
mittee opposing Proposition 14
will hold training sessions next
week to instruct volunteers in
precinct work.
Proposition 14 seeks to repeal
fair housing laws (the Rumford
Act) and to prevent the state leg
islature from acting further in
this field.
The sessions will be held at the
Committee's headquarters at 515
Waverley in Palo Alto July 27
through July 29 and August 3
through August 6.
Each meeting will begin at 8
p.m., and according to a repre
sentative of the Committee, each
worker need attend only one of
the two-hour sessions.
The Mid-Peninsula Citizens Com
mittee opposing Proposition 14
will hold training sessions next
week to instruct volunteers in
precinct work.
Proposition 14 seeks to repeal
fair housing laws (the Rumford
Act) and to prevent the state leg
islature from acting further in
this field.
The sessions will be held at the
Committee's headquarters at 515
Waverley in Palo Alto July 27
through July 29 and August 3
through August 6.
Each meeting will begin at 8
p.m., and according to a repre
sentative of the Committee, each
worker need attend only one of
the two-hour sessions.
The Mid-Peninsula Citizens Com
mittee opposing Proposition 14
will hold training sessions next
week to instruct volunteers in
precinct work.
Proposition 14 seeks to repeal
fair housing laws (the Rumford
Act) and to prevent the state leg
islature from acting further in
this field.
The sessions will be held at the
Committee's headquarters at 515
Waverley in Palo Alto July 27
through July 29 and August 3
through August 6.
Each meeting will begin at 8
p.m., and according to a repre
sentative of the Committee, each
worker need attend only one of
the two-hour sessions.
The Mid-Peninsula Citizens Com
mittee opposing Proposition 14
will hold training sessions next
week to instruct volunteers in
precinct work.
Proposition 14 seeks to repeal
fair housing laws (the Rumford
Act) and to prevent the state leg
islature from acting further in
this field.
The sessions will be held at the
Committee's headquarters at 515
Waverley in Palo Alto July 27
through July 29 and August 3
through August 6.
Each meeting will begin at 8
p.m., and according to a repre
sentative of the Committee, each
worker need attend only one of
the two-hour sessions.
The Mid-Peninsula Citizens Com
mittee opposing Proposition 14
will hold training sessions next
week to instruct volunteers in
precinct work.
Proposition 14 seeks to repeal
fair housing laws (the Rumford
Act) and to prevent the state leg
islature from acting further in
this field.
The sessions will be held at the
Committee's headquarters at 515
Waverley in Palo Alto July 27
through July 29 and August 3
through August 6.
Each meeting will begin at 8
p.m., and according to a repre
sentative of the Committee, each
worker need attend only one of
the two-hour sessions.
The Mid-Peninsula Citizens Com
mittee opposing Proposition 14
will hold training sessions next
week to instruct volunteers in
precinct work.
Proposition 14 seeks to repeal
fair housing laws (the Rumford
Act) and to prevent the state leg
islature from acting further in
this field.
The sessions will be held at the
Committee's headquarters at 515
Waverley in Palo Alto July 27
through July 29 and August 3
through August 6.
Each meeting will begin at 8
p.m., and according to a repre
sentative of the Committee, each
worker need attend only one of
the two-hour sessions.
The Mid-Peninsula Citizens Com
mittee opposing Proposition 14
will hold training sessions next
week to instruct volunteers in
precinct work.
Proposition 14 seeks to repeal
fair housing laws (the Rumford
Act) and to prevent the state leg
islature from acting further in
this field.
The sessions will be held at the
Committee's headquarters at 515
Waverley in Palo Alto July 27
through July 29 and August 3
through August 6.
Each meeting will begin at 8
p.m., and according to a repre
sentative of the Committee, each
worker need attend only one of
the two-hour sessions.
The Mid-Peninsula Citizens Com
mittee opposing Proposition 14
will hold training sessions next
week to instruct volunteers in
precinct work.
Proposition 14 seeks to repeal
fair housing laws (the Rumford
Act) and to prevent the state leg
islature from acting further in
this field.
The sessions will be held at the
Committee's headquarters at 515
Waverley in Palo Alto July 27
through July 29 and August 3
through August 6.
Each meeting will begin at 8
p.m., and according to a repre
sentative of the Committee, each
worker need attend only one of
the two-hour sessions.
The Mid-Peninsula Citizens Com
mittee opposing Proposition 14
will hold training sessions next
week to instruct volunteers in
precinct work.
Proposition 14 seeks to repeal
fair housing laws (the Rumford
Act) and to prevent the state leg
islature from acting further in
this field.
The sessions will be held at the
Committee's headquarters at 515
Waverley in Palo Alto July 27
through July 29 and August 3
through August 6.
Each meeting will begin at 8
p.m., and according to a repre
sentative of the Committee, each
worker need attend only one of
the two-hour sessions.
The Mid-Peninsula Citizens Com
mittee opposing Proposition 14
will hold training sessions next
week to instruct volunteers in
precinct work.
Proposition 14 seeks to repeal
fair housing laws (the Rumford
Act) and to prevent the state leg
islature from acting further in
this field.
The sessions will be held at the
Committee's headquarters at 515
Waverley in Palo Alto July 27
through July 29 and August 3
through August 6.
Each meeting will begin at 8
p.m., and according to a repre
sentative of the Committee, each
worker need attend only one of
the two-hour sessions.
The Mid-Peninsula Citizens Com
mittee opposing Proposition 14
will hold training sessions next
week to instruct volunteers in
precinct work.
Proposition 14 seeks to repeal
fair housing laws (the Rumford
Act) and to prevent the state leg
islature from acting further in
this field.
The sessions will be held at the
Committee's headquarters at 515
Waverley in Palo Alto July 27
through July 29 and August 3
through August 6.
Each meeting will begin at 8
p.m., and according to a repre
sentative of the Committee, each
worker need attend only one of
the two-hour sessions.
The Mid-Peninsula Citizens Com
mittee opposing Proposition 14
will hold training sessions next
week to instruct volunteers in
precinct work.
Proposition 14 seeks to repeal
fair housing laws (the Rumford
Act) and to prevent the state leg
islature from acting further in
this field.
The sessions will be held at the
Committee's headquarters at 515
Waverley in Palo Alto July 27
through July 29 and August 3
through August 6.
Each meeting will begin at 8
p.m., and according to a repre
sentative of the Committee, each
worker need attend only one of
the two-hour sessions.
The Mid-Peninsula Citizens Com
mittee opposing Proposition 14
will hold training sessions next
week to instruct volunteers in
precinct work.
Proposition 14 seeks to repeal
fair housing laws (the Rumford
Act) and to prevent the state leg
islature from acting further in
this field.
The sessions will be held at the
Committee's headquarters at 515
Waverley in Palo Alto July 27
through July 29 and August 3
through August 6.
Each meeting will begin at 8
p.m., and according to a repre
sentative of the Committee, each
worker need attend only one of
the two-hour sessions.
The Mid-Peninsula Citizens Com
mittee opposing Proposition 14
will hold training sessions next
week to instruct volunteers in
precinct work.
Proposition 14 seeks to repeal
fair housing laws (the Rumford
Act) and to prevent the state leg
islature from acting further in
this field.
The sessions will be held at the
Committee's headquarters at 515
Waverley in Palo Alto July 27
through July 29 and August 3
through August 6.
Each meeting will begin at 8
p.m., and according to a repre
sentative of the Committee, each
worker need attend only one of
the two-hour sessions.
