# Dr. Meiklejohn Will Speak On Democracy in Education
## 
### 
"Democracy in Education" has been
announced as the subject upon which
Dr. Alexander Meiklejohn of the Uni
versity of Wisconsin will lecture on
Tuesday, August lfi. at. Stanford.
Considerable interest is beinK shown
in the proposed visit of Dr. Meikle
john to Stanford. Though already a
nationally-known educator, he occupies
a position of unusual prominence in
educational circles as the director of
the experimental college fon freshmen
at the University of Wisconsin.
"Democracy in Education" has been
announced as the subject upon which
Dr. Alexander Meiklejohn of the Uni
versity of Wisconsin will lecture on
Tuesday, August lfi. at. Stanford.
Considerable interest is beinK shown
in the proposed visit of Dr. Meikle
john to Stanford. Though already a
nationally-known educator, he occupies
a position of unusual prominence in
educational circles as the director of
the experimental college fon freshmen
at the University of Wisconsin.
"Democracy in Education" has been
announced as the subject upon which
Dr. Alexander Meiklejohn of the Uni
versity of Wisconsin will lecture on
Tuesday, August lfi. at. Stanford.
Considerable interest is beinK shown
in the proposed visit of Dr. Meikle
john to Stanford. Though already a
nationally-known educator, he occupies
a position of unusual prominence in
educational circles as the director of
the experimental college fon freshmen
at the University of Wisconsin.
"Democracy in Education" has been
announced as the subject upon which
Dr. Alexander Meiklejohn of the Uni
versity of Wisconsin will lecture on
Tuesday, August lfi. at. Stanford.
Considerable interest is beinK shown
in the proposed visit of Dr. Meikle
john to Stanford. Though already a
nationally-known educator, he occupies
a position of unusual prominence in
educational circles as the director of
the experimental college fon freshmen
at the University of Wisconsin.
"Democracy in Education" has been
announced as the subject upon which
Dr. Alexander Meiklejohn of the Uni
versity of Wisconsin will lecture on
Tuesday, August lfi. at. Stanford.
Considerable interest is beinK shown
in the proposed visit of Dr. Meikle
john to Stanford. Though already a
nationally-known educator, he occupies
a position of unusual prominence in
educational circles as the director of
the experimental college fon freshmen
at the University of Wisconsin.
"Democracy in Education" has been
announced as the subject upon which
Dr. Alexander Meiklejohn of the Uni
versity of Wisconsin will lecture on
Tuesday, August lfi. at. Stanford.
Considerable interest is beinK shown
in the proposed visit of Dr. Meikle
john to Stanford. Though already a
nationally-known educator, he occupies
a position of unusual prominence in
educational circles as the director of
the experimental college fon freshmen
at the University of Wisconsin.
"Democracy in Education" has been
announced as the subject upon which
Dr. Alexander Meiklejohn of the Uni
versity of Wisconsin will lecture on
Tuesday, August lfi. at. Stanford.
Considerable interest is beinK shown
in the proposed visit of Dr. Meikle
john to Stanford. Though already a
nationally-known educator, he occupies
a position of unusual prominence in
educational circles as the director of
the experimental college fon freshmen
at the University of Wisconsin.
"Democracy in Education" has been
announced as the subject upon which
Dr. Alexander Meiklejohn of the Uni
versity of Wisconsin will lecture on
Tuesday, August lfi. at. Stanford.
Considerable interest is beinK shown
in the proposed visit of Dr. Meikle
john to Stanford. Though already a
nationally-known educator, he occupies
a position of unusual prominence in
educational circles as the director of
the experimental college fon freshmen
at the University of Wisconsin.
"Democracy in Education" has been
announced as the subject upon which
Dr. Alexander Meiklejohn of the Uni
versity of Wisconsin will lecture on
Tuesday, August lfi. at. Stanford.
Considerable interest is beinK shown
in the proposed visit of Dr. Meikle
john to Stanford. Though already a
nationally-known educator, he occupies
a position of unusual prominence in
educational circles as the director of
the experimental college fon freshmen
at the University of Wisconsin.
"Democracy in Education" has been
announced as the subject upon which
Dr. Alexander Meiklejohn of the Uni
versity of Wisconsin will lecture on
Tuesday, August lfi. at. Stanford.
Considerable interest is beinK shown
in the proposed visit of Dr. Meikle
john to Stanford. Though already a
nationally-known educator, he occupies
a position of unusual prominence in
educational circles as the director of
the experimental college fon freshmen
at the University of Wisconsin.
"Democracy in Education" has been
announced as the subject upon which
Dr. Alexander Meiklejohn of the Uni
versity of Wisconsin will lecture on
Tuesday, August lfi. at. Stanford.
Considerable interest is beinK shown
in the proposed visit of Dr. Meikle
john to Stanford. Though already a
nationally-known educator, he occupies
a position of unusual prominence in
educational circles as the director of
the experimental college fon freshmen
at the University of Wisconsin.
"Democracy in Education" has been
announced as the subject upon which
Dr. Alexander Meiklejohn of the Uni
versity of Wisconsin will lecture on
Tuesday, August lfi. at. Stanford.
Considerable interest is beinK shown
in the proposed visit of Dr. Meikle
john to Stanford. Though already a
nationally-known educator, he occupies
a position of unusual prominence in
educational circles as the director of
the experimental college fon freshmen
at the University of Wisconsin.
"Democracy in Education" has been
announced as the subject upon which
Dr. Alexander Meiklejohn of the Uni
versity of Wisconsin will lecture on
Tuesday, August lfi. at. Stanford.
Considerable interest is beinK shown
in the proposed visit of Dr. Meikle
john to Stanford. Though already a
nationally-known educator, he occupies
a position of unusual prominence in
educational circles as the director of
the experimental college fon freshmen
at the University of Wisconsin.
"Democracy in Education" has been
announced as the subject upon which
Dr. Alexander Meiklejohn of the Uni
versity of Wisconsin will lecture on
Tuesday, August lfi. at. Stanford.
Considerable interest is beinK shown
in the proposed visit of Dr. Meikle
john to Stanford. Though already a
nationally-known educator, he occupies
a position of unusual prominence in
educational circles as the director of
the experimental college fon freshmen
at the University of Wisconsin.
"Democracy in Education" has been
announced as the subject upon which
Dr. Alexander Meiklejohn of the Uni
versity of Wisconsin will lecture on
Tuesday, August lfi. at. Stanford.
Considerable interest is beinK shown
in the proposed visit of Dr. Meikle
john to Stanford. Though already a
nationally-known educator, he occupies
a position of unusual prominence in
educational circles as the director of
the experimental college fon freshmen
at the University of Wisconsin.
