# ARIZONA HAS THIRTY ON ENROLLMENT LIST DOING SUMMER WORK
## 
### 
Arizona is well represented in the
present quarter's enrollment. Among
the thirty students registered from
that state there are educators from
some of Arizona's largest schools.
Those enrolled in the graduate school
of education include Charles C. Con
ley, Superintendent of the Ajo
Schools; Daniel F. Jantzen, Superin
tendent of Schools in Peoria; Edward
F. Honn, Principal of Bisbee High
School; Horace L. Hopkins, Principal
of Humboldt Schools; Robert W. Tay
lor, Principal of the Florence High
School; and J. Phillip McVey, Assist
ant Principal at Flagstaff.
Teachers Take Work
Secondary school teachers from that
state, taking work in the Education
Department,' include Lacey A. East
burn, Registrar and Educational Direc
tor at Phoenix High School; Nelle S.
Honn, Student Advisor and teacher of
Latin and Spanish at Horace Mann
Junior High School in Bisbee; John O.
Peterson, teacher of Science at Jerome
High School; George A. Rye, Manual
Training teacher in the Miami High
School; Robert R. Thomas, Physical
Director of Mesa Union High School;
and Lou G. Twining, teacher of mathe
matics at Lowell High School in
Phoenix.
Work in Other Departments
Outside the School of Education, a
number are enrolled in other depart
ments in the University, including
Norman Fain, of Prescott; Leighton
Bledsoe, Edwina Honn, Cleon Knapp,
and Amy L. Suttey, of Bisbee; Don
Fleckinger, Jackson Hoagland, Euge
nia Klennan, and Daurell Parker, of
Phoenix; Jack Hereford, Russell How
ard, and Robert B. Pettengill, of Tuc
son; Ruth Latimer, of Glendale; Mal
colm Little, of Nogales; David B.
Treat, of Mesa; and Charles H. Woolf,
of Terape, Arizona.
Charles R. Tupper, now an instruc
tor in the Education Department at
Stanford, was formerly Superintendent
of Schools at Miami, Arizona.
Arizona is well represented in the
present quarter's enrollment. Among
the thirty students registered from
that state there are educators from
some of Arizona's largest schools.
Those enrolled in the graduate school
of education include Charles C. Con
ley, Superintendent of the Ajo
Schools; Daniel F. Jantzen, Superin
tendent of Schools in Peoria; Edward
F. Honn, Principal of Bisbee High
School; Horace L. Hopkins, Principal
of Humboldt Schools; Robert W. Tay
lor, Principal of the Florence High
School; and J. Phillip McVey, Assist
ant Principal at Flagstaff.
Teachers Take Work
Secondary school teachers from that
state, taking work in the Education
Department,' include Lacey A. East
burn, Registrar and Educational Direc
tor at Phoenix High School; Nelle S.
Honn, Student Advisor and teacher of
Latin and Spanish at Horace Mann
Junior High School in Bisbee; John O.
Peterson, teacher of Science at Jerome
High School; George A. Rye, Manual
Training teacher in the Miami High
School; Robert R. Thomas, Physical
Director of Mesa Union High School;
and Lou G. Twining, teacher of mathe
matics at Lowell High School in
Phoenix.
Work in Other Departments
Outside the School of Education, a
number are enrolled in other depart
ments in the University, including
Norman Fain, of Prescott; Leighton
Bledsoe, Edwina Honn, Cleon Knapp,
and Amy L. Suttey, of Bisbee; Don
Fleckinger, Jackson Hoagland, Euge
nia Klennan, and Daurell Parker, of
Phoenix; Jack Hereford, Russell How
ard, and Robert B. Pettengill, of Tuc
son; Ruth Latimer, of Glendale; Mal
colm Little, of Nogales; David B.
Treat, of Mesa; and Charles H. Woolf,
of Terape, Arizona.
Charles R. Tupper, now an instruc
tor in the Education Department at
Stanford, was formerly Superintendent
of Schools at Miami, Arizona.
Arizona is well represented in the
present quarter's enrollment. Among
the thirty students registered from
that state there are educators from
some of Arizona's largest schools.
Those enrolled in the graduate school
of education include Charles C. Con
ley, Superintendent of the Ajo
Schools; Daniel F. Jantzen, Superin
tendent of Schools in Peoria; Edward
F. Honn, Principal of Bisbee High
School; Horace L. Hopkins, Principal
of Humboldt Schools; Robert W. Tay
lor, Principal of the Florence High
School; and J. Phillip McVey, Assist
ant Principal at Flagstaff.
Teachers Take Work
Secondary school teachers from that
state, taking work in the Education
Department,' include Lacey A. East
burn, Registrar and Educational Direc
tor at Phoenix High School; Nelle S.
Honn, Student Advisor and teacher of
Latin and Spanish at Horace Mann
Junior High School in Bisbee; John O.
Peterson, teacher of Science at Jerome
High School; George A. Rye, Manual
Training teacher in the Miami High
School; Robert R. Thomas, Physical
Director of Mesa Union High School;
and Lou G. Twining, teacher of mathe
matics at Lowell High School in
Phoenix.
Work in Other Departments
Outside the School of Education, a
number are enrolled in other depart
ments in the University, including
Norman Fain, of Prescott; Leighton
Bledsoe, Edwina Honn, Cleon Knapp,
and Amy L. Suttey, of Bisbee; Don
Fleckinger, Jackson Hoagland, Euge
nia Klennan, and Daurell Parker, of
Phoenix; Jack Hereford, Russell How
ard, and Robert B. Pettengill, of Tuc
son; Ruth Latimer, of Glendale; Mal
colm Little, of Nogales; David B.
Treat, of Mesa; and Charles H. Woolf,
of Terape, Arizona.
Charles R. Tupper, now an instruc
tor in the Education Department at
Stanford, was formerly Superintendent
of Schools at Miami, Arizona.
Arizona is well represented in the
present quarter's enrollment. Among
the thirty students registered from
that state there are educators from
some of Arizona's largest schools.
Those enrolled in the graduate school
of education include Charles C. Con
ley, Superintendent of the Ajo
Schools; Daniel F. Jantzen, Superin
tendent of Schools in Peoria; Edward
F. Honn, Principal of Bisbee High
School; Horace L. Hopkins, Principal
of Humboldt Schools; Robert W. Tay
lor, Principal of the Florence High
School; and J. Phillip McVey, Assist
ant Principal at Flagstaff.
Teachers Take Work
Secondary school teachers from that
state, taking work in the Education
Department,' include Lacey A. East
burn, Registrar and Educational Direc
tor at Phoenix High School; Nelle S.
Honn, Student Advisor and teacher of
Latin and Spanish at Horace Mann
Junior High School in Bisbee; John O.
Peterson, teacher of Science at Jerome
High School; George A. Rye, Manual
Training teacher in the Miami High
School; Robert R. Thomas, Physical
Director of Mesa Union High School;
and Lou G. Twining, teacher of mathe
matics at Lowell High School in
Phoenix.
Work in Other Departments
Outside the School of Education, a
number are enrolled in other depart
ments in the University, including
Norman Fain, of Prescott; Leighton
Bledsoe, Edwina Honn, Cleon Knapp,
and Amy L. Suttey, of Bisbee; Don
Fleckinger, Jackson Hoagland, Euge
nia Klennan, and Daurell Parker, of
Phoenix; Jack Hereford, Russell How
ard, and Robert B. Pettengill, of Tuc
son; Ruth Latimer, of Glendale; Mal
colm Little, of Nogales; David B.
Treat, of Mesa; and Charles H. Woolf,
of Terape, Arizona.
Charles R. Tupper, now an instruc
tor in the Education Department at
Stanford, was formerly Superintendent
of Schools at Miami, Arizona.
Arizona is well represented in the
present quarter's enrollment. Among
the thirty students registered from
that state there are educators from
some of Arizona's largest schools.
Those enrolled in the graduate school
of education include Charles C. Con
ley, Superintendent of the Ajo
Schools; Daniel F. Jantzen, Superin
tendent of Schools in Peoria; Edward
F. Honn, Principal of Bisbee High
School; Horace L. Hopkins, Principal
of Humboldt Schools; Robert W. Tay
lor, Principal of the Florence High
School; and J. Phillip McVey, Assist
ant Principal at Flagstaff.
Teachers Take Work
Secondary school teachers from that
state, taking work in the Education
Department,' include Lacey A. East
burn, Registrar and Educational Direc
tor at Phoenix High School; Nelle S.
Honn, Student Advisor and teacher of
Latin and Spanish at Horace Mann
Junior High School in Bisbee; John O.
Peterson, teacher of Science at Jerome
High School; George A. Rye, Manual
Training teacher in the Miami High
School; Robert R. Thomas, Physical
Director of Mesa Union High School;
and Lou G. Twining, teacher of mathe
matics at Lowell High School in
Phoenix.
Work in Other Departments
Outside the School of Education, a
number are enrolled in other depart
ments in the University, including
Norman Fain, of Prescott; Leighton
Bledsoe, Edwina Honn, Cleon Knapp,
and Amy L. Suttey, of Bisbee; Don
Fleckinger, Jackson Hoagland, Euge
nia Klennan, and Daurell Parker, of
Phoenix; Jack Hereford, Russell How
ard, and Robert B. Pettengill, of Tuc
son; Ruth Latimer, of Glendale; Mal
colm Little, of Nogales; David B.
Treat, of Mesa; and Charles H. Woolf,
of Terape, Arizona.
Charles R. Tupper, now an instruc
tor in the Education Department at
Stanford, was formerly Superintendent
of Schools at Miami, Arizona.
Arizona is well represented in the
present quarter's enrollment. Among
the thirty students registered from
that state there are educators from
some of Arizona's largest schools.
Those enrolled in the graduate school
of education include Charles C. Con
ley, Superintendent of the Ajo
Schools; Daniel F. Jantzen, Superin
tendent of Schools in Peoria; Edward
F. Honn, Principal of Bisbee High
School; Horace L. Hopkins, Principal
of Humboldt Schools; Robert W. Tay
lor, Principal of the Florence High
School; and J. Phillip McVey, Assist
ant Principal at Flagstaff.
Teachers Take Work
Secondary school teachers from that
state, taking work in the Education
Department,' include Lacey A. East
burn, Registrar and Educational Direc
tor at Phoenix High School; Nelle S.
Honn, Student Advisor and teacher of
Latin and Spanish at Horace Mann
Junior High School in Bisbee; John O.
Peterson, teacher of Science at Jerome
High School; George A. Rye, Manual
Training teacher in the Miami High
School; Robert R. Thomas, Physical
Director of Mesa Union High School;
and Lou G. Twining, teacher of mathe
matics at Lowell High School in
Phoenix.
Work in Other Departments
Outside the School of Education, a
number are enrolled in other depart
ments in the University, including
Norman Fain, of Prescott; Leighton
Bledsoe, Edwina Honn, Cleon Knapp,
and Amy L. Suttey, of Bisbee; Don
Fleckinger, Jackson Hoagland, Euge
nia Klennan, and Daurell Parker, of
Phoenix; Jack Hereford, Russell How
ard, and Robert B. Pettengill, of Tuc
son; Ruth Latimer, of Glendale; Mal
colm Little, of Nogales; David B.
Treat, of Mesa; and Charles H. Woolf,
of Terape, Arizona.
Charles R. Tupper, now an instruc
tor in the Education Department at
Stanford, was formerly Superintendent
of Schools at Miami, Arizona.
Arizona is well represented in the
present quarter's enrollment. Among
the thirty students registered from
that state there are educators from
some of Arizona's largest schools.
Those enrolled in the graduate school
of education include Charles C. Con
ley, Superintendent of the Ajo
Schools; Daniel F. Jantzen, Superin
tendent of Schools in Peoria; Edward
F. Honn, Principal of Bisbee High
School; Horace L. Hopkins, Principal
of Humboldt Schools; Robert W. Tay
lor, Principal of the Florence High
School; and J. Phillip McVey, Assist
ant Principal at Flagstaff.
Teachers Take Work
Secondary school teachers from that
state, taking work in the Education
Department,' include Lacey A. East
burn, Registrar and Educational Direc
tor at Phoenix High School; Nelle S.
Honn, Student Advisor and teacher of
Latin and Spanish at Horace Mann
Junior High School in Bisbee; John O.
Peterson, teacher of Science at Jerome
High School; George A. Rye, Manual
Training teacher in the Miami High
School; Robert R. Thomas, Physical
Director of Mesa Union High School;
and Lou G. Twining, teacher of mathe
matics at Lowell High School in
Phoenix.
Work in Other Departments
Outside the School of Education, a
number are enrolled in other depart
ments in the University, including
Norman Fain, of Prescott; Leighton
Bledsoe, Edwina Honn, Cleon Knapp,
and Amy L. Suttey, of Bisbee; Don
Fleckinger, Jackson Hoagland, Euge
nia Klennan, and Daurell Parker, of
Phoenix; Jack Hereford, Russell How
ard, and Robert B. Pettengill, of Tuc
son; Ruth Latimer, of Glendale; Mal
colm Little, of Nogales; David B.
Treat, of Mesa; and Charles H. Woolf,
of Terape, Arizona.
Charles R. Tupper, now an instruc
tor in the Education Department at
Stanford, was formerly Superintendent
of Schools at Miami, Arizona.
Arizona is well represented in the
present quarter's enrollment. Among
the thirty students registered from
that state there are educators from
some of Arizona's largest schools.
Those enrolled in the graduate school
of education include Charles C. Con
ley, Superintendent of the Ajo
Schools; Daniel F. Jantzen, Superin
tendent of Schools in Peoria; Edward
F. Honn, Principal of Bisbee High
School; Horace L. Hopkins, Principal
of Humboldt Schools; Robert W. Tay
lor, Principal of the Florence High
School; and J. Phillip McVey, Assist
ant Principal at Flagstaff.
Teachers Take Work
Secondary school teachers from that
state, taking work in the Education
Department,' include Lacey A. East
burn, Registrar and Educational Direc
tor at Phoenix High School; Nelle S.
Honn, Student Advisor and teacher of
Latin and Spanish at Horace Mann
Junior High School in Bisbee; John O.
Peterson, teacher of Science at Jerome
High School; George A. Rye, Manual
Training teacher in the Miami High
School; Robert R. Thomas, Physical
Director of Mesa Union High School;
and Lou G. Twining, teacher of mathe
matics at Lowell High School in
Phoenix.
Work in Other Departments
Outside the School of Education, a
number are enrolled in other depart
ments in the University, including
Norman Fain, of Prescott; Leighton
Bledsoe, Edwina Honn, Cleon Knapp,
and Amy L. Suttey, of Bisbee; Don
Fleckinger, Jackson Hoagland, Euge
nia Klennan, and Daurell Parker, of
Phoenix; Jack Hereford, Russell How
ard, and Robert B. Pettengill, of Tuc
son; Ruth Latimer, of Glendale; Mal
colm Little, of Nogales; David B.
Treat, of Mesa; and Charles H. Woolf,
of Terape, Arizona.
Charles R. Tupper, now an instruc
tor in the Education Department at
Stanford, was formerly Superintendent
of Schools at Miami, Arizona.
Arizona is well represented in the
present quarter's enrollment. Among
the thirty students registered from
that state there are educators from
some of Arizona's largest schools.
Those enrolled in the graduate school
of education include Charles C. Con
ley, Superintendent of the Ajo
Schools; Daniel F. Jantzen, Superin
tendent of Schools in Peoria; Edward
F. Honn, Principal of Bisbee High
School; Horace L. Hopkins, Principal
of Humboldt Schools; Robert W. Tay
lor, Principal of the Florence High
School; and J. Phillip McVey, Assist
ant Principal at Flagstaff.
Teachers Take Work
Secondary school teachers from that
state, taking work in the Education
Department,' include Lacey A. East
burn, Registrar and Educational Direc
tor at Phoenix High School; Nelle S.
Honn, Student Advisor and teacher of
Latin and Spanish at Horace Mann
Junior High School in Bisbee; John O.
Peterson, teacher of Science at Jerome
High School; George A. Rye, Manual
Training teacher in the Miami High
School; Robert R. Thomas, Physical
Director of Mesa Union High School;
and Lou G. Twining, teacher of mathe
matics at Lowell High School in
Phoenix.
Work in Other Departments
Outside the School of Education, a
number are enrolled in other depart
ments in the University, including
Norman Fain, of Prescott; Leighton
Bledsoe, Edwina Honn, Cleon Knapp,
and Amy L. Suttey, of Bisbee; Don
Fleckinger, Jackson Hoagland, Euge
nia Klennan, and Daurell Parker, of
Phoenix; Jack Hereford, Russell How
ard, and Robert B. Pettengill, of Tuc
son; Ruth Latimer, of Glendale; Mal
colm Little, of Nogales; David B.
Treat, of Mesa; and Charles H. Woolf,
of Terape, Arizona.
Charles R. Tupper, now an instruc
tor in the Education Department at
Stanford, was formerly Superintendent
of Schools at Miami, Arizona.
Arizona is well represented in the
present quarter's enrollment. Among
the thirty students registered from
that state there are educators from
some of Arizona's largest schools.
Those enrolled in the graduate school
of education include Charles C. Con
ley, Superintendent of the Ajo
Schools; Daniel F. Jantzen, Superin
tendent of Schools in Peoria; Edward
F. Honn, Principal of Bisbee High
School; Horace L. Hopkins, Principal
of Humboldt Schools; Robert W. Tay
lor, Principal of the Florence High
School; and J. Phillip McVey, Assist
ant Principal at Flagstaff.
Teachers Take Work
Secondary school teachers from that
state, taking work in the Education
Department,' include Lacey A. East
burn, Registrar and Educational Direc
tor at Phoenix High School; Nelle S.
Honn, Student Advisor and teacher of
Latin and Spanish at Horace Mann
Junior High School in Bisbee; John O.
Peterson, teacher of Science at Jerome
High School; George A. Rye, Manual
Training teacher in the Miami High
School; Robert R. Thomas, Physical
Director of Mesa Union High School;
and Lou G. Twining, teacher of mathe
matics at Lowell High School in
Phoenix.
Work in Other Departments
Outside the School of Education, a
number are enrolled in other depart
ments in the University, including
Norman Fain, of Prescott; Leighton
Bledsoe, Edwina Honn, Cleon Knapp,
and Amy L. Suttey, of Bisbee; Don
Fleckinger, Jackson Hoagland, Euge
nia Klennan, and Daurell Parker, of
Phoenix; Jack Hereford, Russell How
ard, and Robert B. Pettengill, of Tuc
son; Ruth Latimer, of Glendale; Mal
colm Little, of Nogales; David B.
Treat, of Mesa; and Charles H. Woolf,
of Terape, Arizona.
Charles R. Tupper, now an instruc
tor in the Education Department at
Stanford, was formerly Superintendent
of Schools at Miami, Arizona.
Arizona is well represented in the
present quarter's enrollment. Among
the thirty students registered from
that state there are educators from
some of Arizona's largest schools.
Those enrolled in the graduate school
of education include Charles C. Con
ley, Superintendent of the Ajo
Schools; Daniel F. Jantzen, Superin
tendent of Schools in Peoria; Edward
F. Honn, Principal of Bisbee High
School; Horace L. Hopkins, Principal
of Humboldt Schools; Robert W. Tay
lor, Principal of the Florence High
School; and J. Phillip McVey, Assist
ant Principal at Flagstaff.
Teachers Take Work
Secondary school teachers from that
state, taking work in the Education
Department,' include Lacey A. East
burn, Registrar and Educational Direc
tor at Phoenix High School; Nelle S.
Honn, Student Advisor and teacher of
Latin and Spanish at Horace Mann
Junior High School in Bisbee; John O.
Peterson, teacher of Science at Jerome
High School; George A. Rye, Manual
Training teacher in the Miami High
School; Robert R. Thomas, Physical
Director of Mesa Union High School;
and Lou G. Twining, teacher of mathe
matics at Lowell High School in
Phoenix.
Work in Other Departments
Outside the School of Education, a
number are enrolled in other depart
ments in the University, including
Norman Fain, of Prescott; Leighton
Bledsoe, Edwina Honn, Cleon Knapp,
and Amy L. Suttey, of Bisbee; Don
Fleckinger, Jackson Hoagland, Euge
nia Klennan, and Daurell Parker, of
Phoenix; Jack Hereford, Russell How
ard, and Robert B. Pettengill, of Tuc
son; Ruth Latimer, of Glendale; Mal
colm Little, of Nogales; David B.
Treat, of Mesa; and Charles H. Woolf,
of Terape, Arizona.
Charles R. Tupper, now an instruc
tor in the Education Department at
Stanford, was formerly Superintendent
of Schools at Miami, Arizona.
Arizona is well represented in the
present quarter's enrollment. Among
the thirty students registered from
that state there are educators from
some of Arizona's largest schools.
Those enrolled in the graduate school
of education include Charles C. Con
ley, Superintendent of the Ajo
Schools; Daniel F. Jantzen, Superin
tendent of Schools in Peoria; Edward
F. Honn, Principal of Bisbee High
School; Horace L. Hopkins, Principal
of Humboldt Schools; Robert W. Tay
lor, Principal of the Florence High
School; and J. Phillip McVey, Assist
ant Principal at Flagstaff.
Teachers Take Work
Secondary school teachers from that
state, taking work in the Education
Department,' include Lacey A. East
burn, Registrar and Educational Direc
tor at Phoenix High School; Nelle S.
Honn, Student Advisor and teacher of
Latin and Spanish at Horace Mann
Junior High School in Bisbee; John O.
Peterson, teacher of Science at Jerome
High School; George A. Rye, Manual
Training teacher in the Miami High
School; Robert R. Thomas, Physical
Director of Mesa Union High School;
and Lou G. Twining, teacher of mathe
matics at Lowell High School in
Phoenix.
Work in Other Departments
Outside the School of Education, a
number are enrolled in other depart
ments in the University, including
Norman Fain, of Prescott; Leighton
Bledsoe, Edwina Honn, Cleon Knapp,
and Amy L. Suttey, of Bisbee; Don
Fleckinger, Jackson Hoagland, Euge
nia Klennan, and Daurell Parker, of
Phoenix; Jack Hereford, Russell How
ard, and Robert B. Pettengill, of Tuc
son; Ruth Latimer, of Glendale; Mal
colm Little, of Nogales; David B.
Treat, of Mesa; and Charles H. Woolf,
of Terape, Arizona.
Charles R. Tupper, now an instruc
tor in the Education Department at
Stanford, was formerly Superintendent
of Schools at Miami, Arizona.
Arizona is well represented in the
present quarter's enrollment. Among
the thirty students registered from
that state there are educators from
some of Arizona's largest schools.
Those enrolled in the graduate school
of education include Charles C. Con
ley, Superintendent of the Ajo
Schools; Daniel F. Jantzen, Superin
tendent of Schools in Peoria; Edward
F. Honn, Principal of Bisbee High
School; Horace L. Hopkins, Principal
of Humboldt Schools; Robert W. Tay
lor, Principal of the Florence High
School; and J. Phillip McVey, Assist
ant Principal at Flagstaff.
Teachers Take Work
Secondary school teachers from that
state, taking work in the Education
Department,' include Lacey A. East
burn, Registrar and Educational Direc
tor at Phoenix High School; Nelle S.
Honn, Student Advisor and teacher of
Latin and Spanish at Horace Mann
Junior High School in Bisbee; John O.
Peterson, teacher of Science at Jerome
High School; George A. Rye, Manual
Training teacher in the Miami High
School; Robert R. Thomas, Physical
Director of Mesa Union High School;
and Lou G. Twining, teacher of mathe
matics at Lowell High School in
Phoenix.
Work in Other Departments
Outside the School of Education, a
number are enrolled in other depart
ments in the University, including
Norman Fain, of Prescott; Leighton
Bledsoe, Edwina Honn, Cleon Knapp,
and Amy L. Suttey, of Bisbee; Don
Fleckinger, Jackson Hoagland, Euge
nia Klennan, and Daurell Parker, of
Phoenix; Jack Hereford, Russell How
ard, and Robert B. Pettengill, of Tuc
son; Ruth Latimer, of Glendale; Mal
colm Little, of Nogales; David B.
Treat, of Mesa; and Charles H. Woolf,
of Terape, Arizona.
Charles R. Tupper, now an instruc
tor in the Education Department at
Stanford, was formerly Superintendent
of Schools at Miami, Arizona.
Arizona is well represented in the
present quarter's enrollment. Among
the thirty students registered from
that state there are educators from
some of Arizona's largest schools.
Those enrolled in the graduate school
of education include Charles C. Con
ley, Superintendent of the Ajo
Schools; Daniel F. Jantzen, Superin
tendent of Schools in Peoria; Edward
F. Honn, Principal of Bisbee High
School; Horace L. Hopkins, Principal
of Humboldt Schools; Robert W. Tay
lor, Principal of the Florence High
School; and J. Phillip McVey, Assist
ant Principal at Flagstaff.
Teachers Take Work
Secondary school teachers from that
state, taking work in the Education
Department,' include Lacey A. East
burn, Registrar and Educational Direc
tor at Phoenix High School; Nelle S.
Honn, Student Advisor and teacher of
Latin and Spanish at Horace Mann
Junior High School in Bisbee; John O.
Peterson, teacher of Science at Jerome
High School; George A. Rye, Manual
Training teacher in the Miami High
School; Robert R. Thomas, Physical
Director of Mesa Union High School;
and Lou G. Twining, teacher of mathe
matics at Lowell High School in
Phoenix.
Work in Other Departments
Outside the School of Education, a
number are enrolled in other depart
ments in the University, including
Norman Fain, of Prescott; Leighton
Bledsoe, Edwina Honn, Cleon Knapp,
and Amy L. Suttey, of Bisbee; Don
Fleckinger, Jackson Hoagland, Euge
nia Klennan, and Daurell Parker, of
Phoenix; Jack Hereford, Russell How
ard, and Robert B. Pettengill, of Tuc
son; Ruth Latimer, of Glendale; Mal
colm Little, of Nogales; David B.
Treat, of Mesa; and Charles H. Woolf,
of Terape, Arizona.
Charles R. Tupper, now an instruc
tor in the Education Department at
Stanford, was formerly Superintendent
of Schools at Miami, Arizona.
Arizona is well represented in the
present quarter's enrollment. Among
the thirty students registered from
that state there are educators from
some of Arizona's largest schools.
Those enrolled in the graduate school
of education include Charles C. Con
ley, Superintendent of the Ajo
Schools; Daniel F. Jantzen, Superin
tendent of Schools in Peoria; Edward
F. Honn, Principal of Bisbee High
School; Horace L. Hopkins, Principal
of Humboldt Schools; Robert W. Tay
lor, Principal of the Florence High
School; and J. Phillip McVey, Assist
ant Principal at Flagstaff.
Teachers Take Work
Secondary school teachers from that
state, taking work in the Education
Department,' include Lacey A. East
burn, Registrar and Educational Direc
tor at Phoenix High School; Nelle S.
Honn, Student Advisor and teacher of
Latin and Spanish at Horace Mann
Junior High School in Bisbee; John O.
Peterson, teacher of Science at Jerome
High School; George A. Rye, Manual
Training teacher in the Miami High
School; Robert R. Thomas, Physical
Director of Mesa Union High School;
and Lou G. Twining, teacher of mathe
matics at Lowell High School in
Phoenix.
Work in Other Departments
Outside the School of Education, a
number are enrolled in other depart
ments in the University, including
Norman Fain, of Prescott; Leighton
Bledsoe, Edwina Honn, Cleon Knapp,
and Amy L. Suttey, of Bisbee; Don
Fleckinger, Jackson Hoagland, Euge
nia Klennan, and Daurell Parker, of
Phoenix; Jack Hereford, Russell How
ard, and Robert B. Pettengill, of Tuc
son; Ruth Latimer, of Glendale; Mal
colm Little, of Nogales; David B.
Treat, of Mesa; and Charles H. Woolf,
of Terape, Arizona.
Charles R. Tupper, now an instruc
tor in the Education Department at
Stanford, was formerly Superintendent
of Schools at Miami, Arizona.
