# Roble Hall Women Hold Successful Rummage Sale
## 
### 
The rummage sale at Roble Hall last
Tuesday was most successful. A good
auctioneer and a willihg crowd re
sulted in quite a sum of money to be
given to the Stanford Convalescent
Home.
The sale was held under the direc
tion of the Y.W.C.A., Miss Helen Stan
ford in charge.
The rummage sale at Roble Hall last
Tuesday was most successful. A good
auctioneer and a willihg crowd re
sulted in quite a sum of money to be
given to the Stanford Convalescent
Home.
The sale was held under the direc
tion of the Y.W.C.A., Miss Helen Stan
ford in charge.
The rummage sale at Roble Hall last
Tuesday was most successful. A good
auctioneer and a willihg crowd re
sulted in quite a sum of money to be
given to the Stanford Convalescent
Home.
The sale was held under the direc
tion of the Y.W.C.A., Miss Helen Stan
ford in charge.
The rummage sale at Roble Hall last
Tuesday was most successful. A good
auctioneer and a willihg crowd re
sulted in quite a sum of money to be
given to the Stanford Convalescent
Home.
The sale was held under the direc
tion of the Y.W.C.A., Miss Helen Stan
ford in charge.
The rummage sale at Roble Hall last
Tuesday was most successful. A good
auctioneer and a willihg crowd re
sulted in quite a sum of money to be
given to the Stanford Convalescent
Home.
The sale was held under the direc
tion of the Y.W.C.A., Miss Helen Stan
ford in charge.
The rummage sale at Roble Hall last
Tuesday was most successful. A good
auctioneer and a willihg crowd re
sulted in quite a sum of money to be
given to the Stanford Convalescent
Home.
The sale was held under the direc
tion of the Y.W.C.A., Miss Helen Stan
ford in charge.
The rummage sale at Roble Hall last
Tuesday was most successful. A good
auctioneer and a willihg crowd re
sulted in quite a sum of money to be
given to the Stanford Convalescent
Home.
The sale was held under the direc
tion of the Y.W.C.A., Miss Helen Stan
ford in charge.
The rummage sale at Roble Hall last
Tuesday was most successful. A good
auctioneer and a willihg crowd re
sulted in quite a sum of money to be
given to the Stanford Convalescent
Home.
The sale was held under the direc
tion of the Y.W.C.A., Miss Helen Stan
ford in charge.
The rummage sale at Roble Hall last
Tuesday was most successful. A good
auctioneer and a willihg crowd re
sulted in quite a sum of money to be
given to the Stanford Convalescent
Home.
The sale was held under the direc
tion of the Y.W.C.A., Miss Helen Stan
ford in charge.
The rummage sale at Roble Hall last
Tuesday was most successful. A good
auctioneer and a willihg crowd re
sulted in quite a sum of money to be
given to the Stanford Convalescent
Home.
The sale was held under the direc
tion of the Y.W.C.A., Miss Helen Stan
ford in charge.
The rummage sale at Roble Hall last
Tuesday was most successful. A good
auctioneer and a willihg crowd re
sulted in quite a sum of money to be
given to the Stanford Convalescent
Home.
The sale was held under the direc
tion of the Y.W.C.A., Miss Helen Stan
ford in charge.
The rummage sale at Roble Hall last
Tuesday was most successful. A good
auctioneer and a willihg crowd re
sulted in quite a sum of money to be
given to the Stanford Convalescent
Home.
The sale was held under the direc
tion of the Y.W.C.A., Miss Helen Stan
ford in charge.
The rummage sale at Roble Hall last
Tuesday was most successful. A good
auctioneer and a willihg crowd re
sulted in quite a sum of money to be
given to the Stanford Convalescent
Home.
The sale was held under the direc
tion of the Y.W.C.A., Miss Helen Stan
ford in charge.
The rummage sale at Roble Hall last
Tuesday was most successful. A good
auctioneer and a willihg crowd re
sulted in quite a sum of money to be
given to the Stanford Convalescent
Home.
The sale was held under the direc
tion of the Y.W.C.A., Miss Helen Stan
ford in charge.
The rummage sale at Roble Hall last
Tuesday was most successful. A good
auctioneer and a willihg crowd re
sulted in quite a sum of money to be
given to the Stanford Convalescent
Home.
The sale was held under the direc
tion of the Y.W.C.A., Miss Helen Stan
ford in charge.
