# Lindy Kidnap Clue Given In Letter To Czech Consul
## 
### 
NEW YORK, April 18 (/P)-The
Czechoslovak ian Consul General
said today he had received a letter
from Maubeuge, France, signed
Stephen Kulich, care Societe Des
Traveaux, in which the writer said
he suspected a man in this country
of guilt in the Lindbergh kidnap
case.
NEW YORK, April 18 (/P)-The
Czechoslovak ian Consul General
said today he had received a letter
from Maubeuge, France, signed
Stephen Kulich, care Societe Des
Traveaux, in which the writer said
he suspected a man in this country
of guilt in the Lindbergh kidnap
case.
NEW YORK, April 18 (/P)-The
Czechoslovak ian Consul General
said today he had received a letter
from Maubeuge, France, signed
Stephen Kulich, care Societe Des
Traveaux, in which the writer said
he suspected a man in this country
of guilt in the Lindbergh kidnap
case.
NEW YORK, April 18 (/P)-The
Czechoslovak ian Consul General
said today he had received a letter
from Maubeuge, France, signed
Stephen Kulich, care Societe Des
Traveaux, in which the writer said
he suspected a man in this country
of guilt in the Lindbergh kidnap
case.
NEW YORK, April 18 (/P)-The
Czechoslovak ian Consul General
said today he had received a letter
from Maubeuge, France, signed
Stephen Kulich, care Societe Des
Traveaux, in which the writer said
he suspected a man in this country
of guilt in the Lindbergh kidnap
case.
NEW YORK, April 18 (/P)-The
Czechoslovak ian Consul General
said today he had received a letter
from Maubeuge, France, signed
Stephen Kulich, care Societe Des
Traveaux, in which the writer said
he suspected a man in this country
of guilt in the Lindbergh kidnap
case.
NEW YORK, April 18 (/P)-The
Czechoslovak ian Consul General
said today he had received a letter
from Maubeuge, France, signed
Stephen Kulich, care Societe Des
Traveaux, in which the writer said
he suspected a man in this country
of guilt in the Lindbergh kidnap
case.
NEW YORK, April 18 (/P)-The
Czechoslovak ian Consul General
said today he had received a letter
from Maubeuge, France, signed
Stephen Kulich, care Societe Des
Traveaux, in which the writer said
he suspected a man in this country
of guilt in the Lindbergh kidnap
case.
NEW YORK, April 18 (/P)-The
Czechoslovak ian Consul General
said today he had received a letter
from Maubeuge, France, signed
Stephen Kulich, care Societe Des
Traveaux, in which the writer said
he suspected a man in this country
of guilt in the Lindbergh kidnap
case.
NEW YORK, April 18 (/P)-The
Czechoslovak ian Consul General
said today he had received a letter
from Maubeuge, France, signed
Stephen Kulich, care Societe Des
Traveaux, in which the writer said
he suspected a man in this country
of guilt in the Lindbergh kidnap
case.
NEW YORK, April 18 (/P)-The
Czechoslovak ian Consul General
said today he had received a letter
from Maubeuge, France, signed
Stephen Kulich, care Societe Des
Traveaux, in which the writer said
he suspected a man in this country
of guilt in the Lindbergh kidnap
case.
NEW YORK, April 18 (/P)-The
Czechoslovak ian Consul General
said today he had received a letter
from Maubeuge, France, signed
Stephen Kulich, care Societe Des
Traveaux, in which the writer said
he suspected a man in this country
of guilt in the Lindbergh kidnap
case.
NEW YORK, April 18 (/P)-The
Czechoslovak ian Consul General
said today he had received a letter
from Maubeuge, France, signed
Stephen Kulich, care Societe Des
Traveaux, in which the writer said
he suspected a man in this country
of guilt in the Lindbergh kidnap
case.
NEW YORK, April 18 (/P)-The
Czechoslovak ian Consul General
said today he had received a letter
from Maubeuge, France, signed
Stephen Kulich, care Societe Des
Traveaux, in which the writer said
he suspected a man in this country
of guilt in the Lindbergh kidnap
case.
