# Chinese Minister Leaves For U.S. Economic Confab
## 
### 
SHANGHAI, April 18 (/P) —T. V.
Soong, Finance Minister and vice
chairman of the executive Yuan of
the Chinese Nationalist government,
sailed today for the United States,
where he will engage in President
Roosevelt's series of talks on world
economic problems.
SHANGHAI, April 18 (/P) —T. V.
Soong, Finance Minister and vice
chairman of the executive Yuan of
the Chinese Nationalist government,
sailed today for the United States,
where he will engage in President
Roosevelt's series of talks on world
economic problems.
SHANGHAI, April 18 (/P) —T. V.
Soong, Finance Minister and vice
chairman of the executive Yuan of
the Chinese Nationalist government,
sailed today for the United States,
where he will engage in President
Roosevelt's series of talks on world
economic problems.
SHANGHAI, April 18 (/P) —T. V.
Soong, Finance Minister and vice
chairman of the executive Yuan of
the Chinese Nationalist government,
sailed today for the United States,
where he will engage in President
Roosevelt's series of talks on world
economic problems.
SHANGHAI, April 18 (/P) —T. V.
Soong, Finance Minister and vice
chairman of the executive Yuan of
the Chinese Nationalist government,
sailed today for the United States,
where he will engage in President
Roosevelt's series of talks on world
economic problems.
SHANGHAI, April 18 (/P) —T. V.
Soong, Finance Minister and vice
chairman of the executive Yuan of
the Chinese Nationalist government,
sailed today for the United States,
where he will engage in President
Roosevelt's series of talks on world
economic problems.
SHANGHAI, April 18 (/P) —T. V.
Soong, Finance Minister and vice
chairman of the executive Yuan of
the Chinese Nationalist government,
sailed today for the United States,
where he will engage in President
Roosevelt's series of talks on world
economic problems.
SHANGHAI, April 18 (/P) —T. V.
Soong, Finance Minister and vice
chairman of the executive Yuan of
the Chinese Nationalist government,
sailed today for the United States,
where he will engage in President
Roosevelt's series of talks on world
economic problems.
SHANGHAI, April 18 (/P) —T. V.
Soong, Finance Minister and vice
chairman of the executive Yuan of
the Chinese Nationalist government,
sailed today for the United States,
where he will engage in President
Roosevelt's series of talks on world
economic problems.
SHANGHAI, April 18 (/P) —T. V.
Soong, Finance Minister and vice
chairman of the executive Yuan of
the Chinese Nationalist government,
sailed today for the United States,
where he will engage in President
Roosevelt's series of talks on world
economic problems.
SHANGHAI, April 18 (/P) —T. V.
Soong, Finance Minister and vice
chairman of the executive Yuan of
the Chinese Nationalist government,
sailed today for the United States,
where he will engage in President
Roosevelt's series of talks on world
economic problems.
SHANGHAI, April 18 (/P) —T. V.
Soong, Finance Minister and vice
chairman of the executive Yuan of
the Chinese Nationalist government,
sailed today for the United States,
where he will engage in President
Roosevelt's series of talks on world
economic problems.
SHANGHAI, April 18 (/P) —T. V.
Soong, Finance Minister and vice
chairman of the executive Yuan of
the Chinese Nationalist government,
sailed today for the United States,
where he will engage in President
Roosevelt's series of talks on world
economic problems.
SHANGHAI, April 18 (/P) —T. V.
Soong, Finance Minister and vice
chairman of the executive Yuan of
the Chinese Nationalist government,
sailed today for the United States,
where he will engage in President
Roosevelt's series of talks on world
economic problems.
