# PHI GAM PLEDGE
## 
### 
Phi Gamma Delta announces the
pledging of Elbert T. Rulison, '36.
Phi Gamma Delta announces the
pledging of Elbert T. Rulison, '36.
Phi Gamma Delta announces the
pledging of Elbert T. Rulison, '36.
Phi Gamma Delta announces the
pledging of Elbert T. Rulison, '36.
Phi Gamma Delta announces the
pledging of Elbert T. Rulison, '36.
Phi Gamma Delta announces the
pledging of Elbert T. Rulison, '36.
Phi Gamma Delta announces the
pledging of Elbert T. Rulison, '36.
Phi Gamma Delta announces the
pledging of Elbert T. Rulison, '36.
Phi Gamma Delta announces the
pledging of Elbert T. Rulison, '36.
Phi Gamma Delta announces the
pledging of Elbert T. Rulison, '36.
Phi Gamma Delta announces the
pledging of Elbert T. Rulison, '36.
Phi Gamma Delta announces the
pledging of Elbert T. Rulison, '36.
Phi Gamma Delta announces the
pledging of Elbert T. Rulison, '36.
Phi Gamma Delta announces the
pledging of Elbert T. Rulison, '36.
