# Mothers' Club Chooses Officers For Next Year
## 
### 
In order to elect officers for the
coming yeÂ«r and to plan for the
Spring Festival, the Stanford Moth
ers' Club met yesterday in the
Women's Clubhouse.
New officers elected were: Mrs.
George Lowry, president.. Mrs. E.
K. Strong, first vice-president; Mrs.
If. L. Cody, second vice-president;
Mrs. A. E. Roth, corresponding sec
retary; Mrs. Stebbins, recording sec
retary; Mrs. H. C. Moreno, treasurer;
and Mrs. P. A. Ross, historian.
_Tlie Spring Festival is held to en
able the club to raise money for the
rest homes. This year it will be at
the home of Mrs. Shoup in IjOs Altos
en May 10.
Comptroller A. E. Roth spoke at
yesterday's meeting on the problems
of the administration, a subject
which he discussed in a student as
sembly lost quarter.
