# GIRL BORN IN ALGIERS
## 
### 
Word has been received of the birth
of a daughter to Mr. and Mrs. Jean
Wells Hastings in Algiers. Mrs. Hast
ings was Miss Marian Gilkey, a former
Stanford student.
Word has been received of the birth
of a daughter to Mr. and Mrs. Jean
Wells Hastings in Algiers. Mrs. Hast
ings was Miss Marian Gilkey, a former
Stanford student.
Word has been received of the birth
of a daughter to Mr. and Mrs. Jean
Wells Hastings in Algiers. Mrs. Hast
ings was Miss Marian Gilkey, a former
Stanford student.
Word has been received of the birth
of a daughter to Mr. and Mrs. Jean
Wells Hastings in Algiers. Mrs. Hast
ings was Miss Marian Gilkey, a former
Stanford student.
Word has been received of the birth
of a daughter to Mr. and Mrs. Jean
Wells Hastings in Algiers. Mrs. Hast
ings was Miss Marian Gilkey, a former
Stanford student.
Word has been received of the birth
of a daughter to Mr. and Mrs. Jean
Wells Hastings in Algiers. Mrs. Hast
ings was Miss Marian Gilkey, a former
Stanford student.
Word has been received of the birth
of a daughter to Mr. and Mrs. Jean
Wells Hastings in Algiers. Mrs. Hast
ings was Miss Marian Gilkey, a former
Stanford student.
Word has been received of the birth
of a daughter to Mr. and Mrs. Jean
Wells Hastings in Algiers. Mrs. Hast
ings was Miss Marian Gilkey, a former
Stanford student.
Word has been received of the birth
of a daughter to Mr. and Mrs. Jean
Wells Hastings in Algiers. Mrs. Hast
ings was Miss Marian Gilkey, a former
Stanford student.
Word has been received of the birth
of a daughter to Mr. and Mrs. Jean
Wells Hastings in Algiers. Mrs. Hast
ings was Miss Marian Gilkey, a former
Stanford student.
Word has been received of the birth
of a daughter to Mr. and Mrs. Jean
Wells Hastings in Algiers. Mrs. Hast
ings was Miss Marian Gilkey, a former
Stanford student.
Word has been received of the birth
of a daughter to Mr. and Mrs. Jean
Wells Hastings in Algiers. Mrs. Hast
ings was Miss Marian Gilkey, a former
Stanford student.
Word has been received of the birth
of a daughter to Mr. and Mrs. Jean
Wells Hastings in Algiers. Mrs. Hast
ings was Miss Marian Gilkey, a former
Stanford student.
Word has been received of the birth
of a daughter to Mr. and Mrs. Jean
Wells Hastings in Algiers. Mrs. Hast
ings was Miss Marian Gilkey, a former
Stanford student.
