# U.C. Student Sails Across Lake Tahoe On Small Raft
## 
### 
Frank Beales, a University of Cali
fornia student, last week built a raft
from three logs and some old boards,
erected a sail, and drifted across Lake
Tahoe on it. Beales went from Tahoe
City, California, to Glenbrook, Nevada,
a distance of about 15 miles, in 10 l 2
hours. As far as is known, this is the
first time the lake has ever been
crossed by a raft.
Frank Beales, a University of Cali
fornia student, last week built a raft
from three logs and some old boards,
erected a sail, and drifted across Lake
Tahoe on it. Beales went from Tahoe
City, California, to Glenbrook, Nevada,
a distance of about 15 miles, in 10 l 2
hours. As far as is known, this is the
first time the lake has ever been
crossed by a raft.
Frank Beales, a University of Cali
fornia student, last week built a raft
from three logs and some old boards,
erected a sail, and drifted across Lake
Tahoe on it. Beales went from Tahoe
City, California, to Glenbrook, Nevada,
a distance of about 15 miles, in 10 l 2
hours. As far as is known, this is the
first time the lake has ever been
crossed by a raft.
Frank Beales, a University of Cali
fornia student, last week built a raft
from three logs and some old boards,
erected a sail, and drifted across Lake
Tahoe on it. Beales went from Tahoe
City, California, to Glenbrook, Nevada,
a distance of about 15 miles, in 10 l 2
hours. As far as is known, this is the
first time the lake has ever been
crossed by a raft.
Frank Beales, a University of Cali
fornia student, last week built a raft
from three logs and some old boards,
erected a sail, and drifted across Lake
Tahoe on it. Beales went from Tahoe
City, California, to Glenbrook, Nevada,
a distance of about 15 miles, in 10 l 2
hours. As far as is known, this is the
first time the lake has ever been
crossed by a raft.
Frank Beales, a University of Cali
fornia student, last week built a raft
from three logs and some old boards,
erected a sail, and drifted across Lake
Tahoe on it. Beales went from Tahoe
City, California, to Glenbrook, Nevada,
a distance of about 15 miles, in 10 l 2
hours. As far as is known, this is the
first time the lake has ever been
crossed by a raft.
Frank Beales, a University of Cali
fornia student, last week built a raft
from three logs and some old boards,
erected a sail, and drifted across Lake
Tahoe on it. Beales went from Tahoe
City, California, to Glenbrook, Nevada,
a distance of about 15 miles, in 10 l 2
hours. As far as is known, this is the
first time the lake has ever been
crossed by a raft.
Frank Beales, a University of Cali
fornia student, last week built a raft
from three logs and some old boards,
erected a sail, and drifted across Lake
Tahoe on it. Beales went from Tahoe
City, California, to Glenbrook, Nevada,
a distance of about 15 miles, in 10 l 2
hours. As far as is known, this is the
first time the lake has ever been
crossed by a raft.
Frank Beales, a University of Cali
fornia student, last week built a raft
from three logs and some old boards,
erected a sail, and drifted across Lake
Tahoe on it. Beales went from Tahoe
City, California, to Glenbrook, Nevada,
a distance of about 15 miles, in 10 l 2
hours. As far as is known, this is the
first time the lake has ever been
crossed by a raft.
Frank Beales, a University of Cali
fornia student, last week built a raft
from three logs and some old boards,
erected a sail, and drifted across Lake
Tahoe on it. Beales went from Tahoe
City, California, to Glenbrook, Nevada,
a distance of about 15 miles, in 10 l 2
hours. As far as is known, this is the
first time the lake has ever been
crossed by a raft.
Frank Beales, a University of Cali
fornia student, last week built a raft
from three logs and some old boards,
erected a sail, and drifted across Lake
Tahoe on it. Beales went from Tahoe
City, California, to Glenbrook, Nevada,
a distance of about 15 miles, in 10 l 2
hours. As far as is known, this is the
first time the lake has ever been
crossed by a raft.
Frank Beales, a University of Cali
fornia student, last week built a raft
from three logs and some old boards,
erected a sail, and drifted across Lake
Tahoe on it. Beales went from Tahoe
City, California, to Glenbrook, Nevada,
a distance of about 15 miles, in 10 l 2
hours. As far as is known, this is the
first time the lake has ever been
crossed by a raft.
Frank Beales, a University of Cali
fornia student, last week built a raft
from three logs and some old boards,
erected a sail, and drifted across Lake
Tahoe on it. Beales went from Tahoe
City, California, to Glenbrook, Nevada,
a distance of about 15 miles, in 10 l 2
hours. As far as is known, this is the
first time the lake has ever been
crossed by a raft.
Frank Beales, a University of Cali
fornia student, last week built a raft
from three logs and some old boards,
erected a sail, and drifted across Lake
Tahoe on it. Beales went from Tahoe
City, California, to Glenbrook, Nevada,
a distance of about 15 miles, in 10 l 2
hours. As far as is known, this is the
first time the lake has ever been
crossed by a raft.
