# DR. W. C. EELLS TO ATTEND CARNEGIE EDUCATION PARLEY
## 
### 
Dr. Walter Crosby Eells will repre
sent Stanford University at the sum
mer conference on research in higher
education, being held under the auspi
ces of the Carnegie Foundation for the
Advancement of Teaching, at the Uni
versity of Minnesota from September
12 to 17.
Twenty-five representative educators
of the country have been asked to give
reports on research in the field of
higher education completed, in prog
ress, or projected. Dr. Eells will pre
sent reports of a group of studies in
Ihe national and California junior col
lege field.
Dr. Walter Crosby Eells will repre
sent Stanford University at the sum
mer conference on research in higher
education, being held under the auspi
ces of the Carnegie Foundation for the
Advancement of Teaching, at the Uni
versity of Minnesota from September
12 to 17.
Twenty-five representative educators
of the country have been asked to give
reports on research in the field of
higher education completed, in prog
ress, or projected. Dr. Eells will pre
sent reports of a group of studies in
Ihe national and California junior col
lege field.
Dr. Walter Crosby Eells will repre
sent Stanford University at the sum
mer conference on research in higher
education, being held under the auspi
ces of the Carnegie Foundation for the
Advancement of Teaching, at the Uni
versity of Minnesota from September
12 to 17.
Twenty-five representative educators
of the country have been asked to give
reports on research in the field of
higher education completed, in prog
ress, or projected. Dr. Eells will pre
sent reports of a group of studies in
Ihe national and California junior col
lege field.
Dr. Walter Crosby Eells will repre
sent Stanford University at the sum
mer conference on research in higher
education, being held under the auspi
ces of the Carnegie Foundation for the
Advancement of Teaching, at the Uni
versity of Minnesota from September
12 to 17.
Twenty-five representative educators
of the country have been asked to give
reports on research in the field of
higher education completed, in prog
ress, or projected. Dr. Eells will pre
sent reports of a group of studies in
Ihe national and California junior col
lege field.
Dr. Walter Crosby Eells will repre
sent Stanford University at the sum
mer conference on research in higher
education, being held under the auspi
ces of the Carnegie Foundation for the
Advancement of Teaching, at the Uni
versity of Minnesota from September
12 to 17.
Twenty-five representative educators
of the country have been asked to give
reports on research in the field of
higher education completed, in prog
ress, or projected. Dr. Eells will pre
sent reports of a group of studies in
Ihe national and California junior col
lege field.
Dr. Walter Crosby Eells will repre
sent Stanford University at the sum
mer conference on research in higher
education, being held under the auspi
ces of the Carnegie Foundation for the
Advancement of Teaching, at the Uni
versity of Minnesota from September
12 to 17.
Twenty-five representative educators
of the country have been asked to give
reports on research in the field of
higher education completed, in prog
ress, or projected. Dr. Eells will pre
sent reports of a group of studies in
Ihe national and California junior col
lege field.
Dr. Walter Crosby Eells will repre
sent Stanford University at the sum
mer conference on research in higher
education, being held under the auspi
ces of the Carnegie Foundation for the
Advancement of Teaching, at the Uni
versity of Minnesota from September
12 to 17.
Twenty-five representative educators
of the country have been asked to give
reports on research in the field of
higher education completed, in prog
ress, or projected. Dr. Eells will pre
sent reports of a group of studies in
Ihe national and California junior col
lege field.
Dr. Walter Crosby Eells will repre
sent Stanford University at the sum
mer conference on research in higher
education, being held under the auspi
ces of the Carnegie Foundation for the
Advancement of Teaching, at the Uni
versity of Minnesota from September
12 to 17.
Twenty-five representative educators
of the country have been asked to give
reports on research in the field of
higher education completed, in prog
ress, or projected. Dr. Eells will pre
sent reports of a group of studies in
Ihe national and California junior col
lege field.
Dr. Walter Crosby Eells will repre
sent Stanford University at the sum
mer conference on research in higher
education, being held under the auspi
ces of the Carnegie Foundation for the
Advancement of Teaching, at the Uni
versity of Minnesota from September
12 to 17.
Twenty-five representative educators
of the country have been asked to give
reports on research in the field of
higher education completed, in prog
ress, or projected. Dr. Eells will pre
sent reports of a group of studies in
Ihe national and California junior col
lege field.
Dr. Walter Crosby Eells will repre
sent Stanford University at the sum
mer conference on research in higher
education, being held under the auspi
ces of the Carnegie Foundation for the
Advancement of Teaching, at the Uni
versity of Minnesota from September
12 to 17.
Twenty-five representative educators
of the country have been asked to give
reports on research in the field of
higher education completed, in prog
ress, or projected. Dr. Eells will pre
sent reports of a group of studies in
Ihe national and California junior col
lege field.
Dr. Walter Crosby Eells will repre
sent Stanford University at the sum
mer conference on research in higher
education, being held under the auspi
ces of the Carnegie Foundation for the
Advancement of Teaching, at the Uni
versity of Minnesota from September
12 to 17.
Twenty-five representative educators
of the country have been asked to give
reports on research in the field of
higher education completed, in prog
ress, or projected. Dr. Eells will pre
sent reports of a group of studies in
Ihe national and California junior col
lege field.
Dr. Walter Crosby Eells will repre
sent Stanford University at the sum
mer conference on research in higher
education, being held under the auspi
ces of the Carnegie Foundation for the
Advancement of Teaching, at the Uni
versity of Minnesota from September
12 to 17.
Twenty-five representative educators
of the country have been asked to give
reports on research in the field of
higher education completed, in prog
ress, or projected. Dr. Eells will pre
sent reports of a group of studies in
Ihe national and California junior col
lege field.
Dr. Walter Crosby Eells will repre
sent Stanford University at the sum
mer conference on research in higher
education, being held under the auspi
ces of the Carnegie Foundation for the
Advancement of Teaching, at the Uni
versity of Minnesota from September
12 to 17.
Twenty-five representative educators
of the country have been asked to give
reports on research in the field of
higher education completed, in prog
ress, or projected. Dr. Eells will pre
sent reports of a group of studies in
Ihe national and California junior col
lege field.
Dr. Walter Crosby Eells will repre
sent Stanford University at the sum
mer conference on research in higher
education, being held under the auspi
ces of the Carnegie Foundation for the
Advancement of Teaching, at the Uni
versity of Minnesota from September
12 to 17.
Twenty-five representative educators
of the country have been asked to give
reports on research in the field of
higher education completed, in prog
ress, or projected. Dr. Eells will pre
sent reports of a group of studies in
Ihe national and California junior col
lege field.
