# Job Interview Signups
## 
### 
Signups for the following job
interviews may be made at the
Office of the Placement Service:
Union Carbide Corporation: In
terviews Nov. 13 for openings in
N.Y., N.J., Ohio, 111., Ind., and
YV.Va., for Ph.D. candidates and
post doctorates in Chemistry. B.S.
and M.S. candidates in E.E. and
Aero. E. will be interviewed if
signup sheet is not completely
full.
Atomic Energy Division of Phil
lips Petroleum Company: Inter
views Nov. 13 for positions in
Idaho Falls, Idaho. All degrees in
Physics, Chemistry, Mathematics,
Chem. E., E.E., and M.E. U.S. citi
zens only.
National Broadcasting Co.: In
terviews Nov. 13 for openings in
Accounting Departments in Bur
hank, B.A. or M.B.A. in account
ing.
Johnson Service Company: In
terviews Nov. 13 for openings in
Sales Engineering in San Fran
cisco. B.S. in M.E. or E'.E.
Ksso Research and Development
Co.: Interviews Nov. 13 for posi
tions in Linden, N.J. All degrees
in Chem. E.. Ph.D. in Chemistry.
Ingersoll-Kaml Company: Inter
views Nov. 13, 1G for worldwide
positions in Sales, Engineering,
Production and Business in the
Northeast. All degrees in E.E..
M.E, Mining, B.S. in C.F. and 1.E.,
or combined Engineering and Bus
iness degree. U.S. citizens only.
Sperry Gyroscope Co. of Sperry
Rand Corp.: Interviews Nov. 13
for positions in Sunnyvale; Great
Neck, L.1.; Charlottesville, Va.;
Salt Lake City, Utah: Phoenix,
Ari/..; Clearwater and Gainesville.
Fla. All degrees in E.E., M.E.,
A.E., Engineering Science and
Physics, M.S. or Ph.D. in Mathe
matics. U.S. citizens only. Sum
mer interviewing only if schedule
not completely filled.
