# Folk Musicians To Appear Here
## 
### 
A program of folk music will
bo presented by Brownie McGhee
and Sonny Terry in Cubberley
Auditorium Wednesday, Nov. 11,
at 8 p.m.
McGhee has sung in Carnegie
Hall, has just returned from a
tour with "Cat on a Hot Tin
Roof." and performed in the mov
ie "A Face in the Crowd." Terry,
whose father was also a folk
singer, hails from Durham, N.C.
He has been seen in the Broad
way production of "Finian's Rain
bow."
Student tickets will lie sold on
Engineering Corner today, Mon
day and Tuesday for $1.50. They
may also be obtained at the door.
ENGAGEMENT
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Karen Anne Kolb,
'62, to Robert Lee, '62.
A program of folk music will
bo presented by Brownie McGhee
and Sonny Terry in Cubberley
Auditorium Wednesday, Nov. 11,
at 8 p.m.
McGhee has sung in Carnegie
Hall, has just returned from a
tour with "Cat on a Hot Tin
Roof." and performed in the mov
ie "A Face in the Crowd." Terry,
whose father was also a folk
singer, hails from Durham, N.C.
He has been seen in the Broad
way production of "Finian's Rain
bow."
Student tickets will lie sold on
Engineering Corner today, Mon
day and Tuesday for $1.50. They
may also be obtained at the door.
ENGAGEMENT
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Karen Anne Kolb,
'62, to Robert Lee, '62.
A program of folk music will
bo presented by Brownie McGhee
and Sonny Terry in Cubberley
Auditorium Wednesday, Nov. 11,
at 8 p.m.
McGhee has sung in Carnegie
Hall, has just returned from a
tour with "Cat on a Hot Tin
Roof." and performed in the mov
ie "A Face in the Crowd." Terry,
whose father was also a folk
singer, hails from Durham, N.C.
He has been seen in the Broad
way production of "Finian's Rain
bow."
Student tickets will lie sold on
Engineering Corner today, Mon
day and Tuesday for $1.50. They
may also be obtained at the door.
ENGAGEMENT
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Karen Anne Kolb,
'62, to Robert Lee, '62.
A program of folk music will
bo presented by Brownie McGhee
and Sonny Terry in Cubberley
Auditorium Wednesday, Nov. 11,
at 8 p.m.
McGhee has sung in Carnegie
Hall, has just returned from a
tour with "Cat on a Hot Tin
Roof." and performed in the mov
ie "A Face in the Crowd." Terry,
whose father was also a folk
singer, hails from Durham, N.C.
He has been seen in the Broad
way production of "Finian's Rain
bow."
Student tickets will lie sold on
Engineering Corner today, Mon
day and Tuesday for $1.50. They
may also be obtained at the door.
ENGAGEMENT
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Karen Anne Kolb,
'62, to Robert Lee, '62.
A program of folk music will
bo presented by Brownie McGhee
and Sonny Terry in Cubberley
Auditorium Wednesday, Nov. 11,
at 8 p.m.
McGhee has sung in Carnegie
Hall, has just returned from a
tour with "Cat on a Hot Tin
Roof." and performed in the mov
ie "A Face in the Crowd." Terry,
whose father was also a folk
singer, hails from Durham, N.C.
He has been seen in the Broad
way production of "Finian's Rain
bow."
Student tickets will lie sold on
Engineering Corner today, Mon
day and Tuesday for $1.50. They
may also be obtained at the door.
ENGAGEMENT
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Karen Anne Kolb,
'62, to Robert Lee, '62.
A program of folk music will
bo presented by Brownie McGhee
and Sonny Terry in Cubberley
Auditorium Wednesday, Nov. 11,
at 8 p.m.
McGhee has sung in Carnegie
Hall, has just returned from a
tour with "Cat on a Hot Tin
Roof." and performed in the mov
ie "A Face in the Crowd." Terry,
whose father was also a folk
singer, hails from Durham, N.C.
He has been seen in the Broad
way production of "Finian's Rain
bow."
Student tickets will lie sold on
Engineering Corner today, Mon
day and Tuesday for $1.50. They
may also be obtained at the door.
ENGAGEMENT
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Karen Anne Kolb,
'62, to Robert Lee, '62.
A program of folk music will
bo presented by Brownie McGhee
and Sonny Terry in Cubberley
Auditorium Wednesday, Nov. 11,
at 8 p.m.
McGhee has sung in Carnegie
Hall, has just returned from a
tour with "Cat on a Hot Tin
Roof." and performed in the mov
ie "A Face in the Crowd." Terry,
whose father was also a folk
singer, hails from Durham, N.C.
He has been seen in the Broad
way production of "Finian's Rain
bow."
Student tickets will lie sold on
Engineering Corner today, Mon
day and Tuesday for $1.50. They
may also be obtained at the door.
ENGAGEMENT
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Karen Anne Kolb,
'62, to Robert Lee, '62.
A program of folk music will
bo presented by Brownie McGhee
and Sonny Terry in Cubberley
Auditorium Wednesday, Nov. 11,
at 8 p.m.
McGhee has sung in Carnegie
Hall, has just returned from a
tour with "Cat on a Hot Tin
Roof." and performed in the mov
ie "A Face in the Crowd." Terry,
whose father was also a folk
singer, hails from Durham, N.C.
He has been seen in the Broad
way production of "Finian's Rain
bow."
Student tickets will lie sold on
Engineering Corner today, Mon
day and Tuesday for $1.50. They
may also be obtained at the door.
ENGAGEMENT
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Karen Anne Kolb,
'62, to Robert Lee, '62.
A program of folk music will
bo presented by Brownie McGhee
and Sonny Terry in Cubberley
Auditorium Wednesday, Nov. 11,
at 8 p.m.
McGhee has sung in Carnegie
Hall, has just returned from a
tour with "Cat on a Hot Tin
Roof." and performed in the mov
ie "A Face in the Crowd." Terry,
whose father was also a folk
singer, hails from Durham, N.C.
He has been seen in the Broad
way production of "Finian's Rain
bow."
Student tickets will lie sold on
Engineering Corner today, Mon
day and Tuesday for $1.50. They
may also be obtained at the door.
ENGAGEMENT
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Karen Anne Kolb,
'62, to Robert Lee, '62.
A program of folk music will
bo presented by Brownie McGhee
and Sonny Terry in Cubberley
Auditorium Wednesday, Nov. 11,
at 8 p.m.
McGhee has sung in Carnegie
Hall, has just returned from a
tour with "Cat on a Hot Tin
Roof." and performed in the mov
ie "A Face in the Crowd." Terry,
whose father was also a folk
singer, hails from Durham, N.C.
He has been seen in the Broad
way production of "Finian's Rain
bow."
Student tickets will lie sold on
Engineering Corner today, Mon
day and Tuesday for $1.50. They
may also be obtained at the door.
ENGAGEMENT
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Karen Anne Kolb,
'62, to Robert Lee, '62.
A program of folk music will
bo presented by Brownie McGhee
and Sonny Terry in Cubberley
Auditorium Wednesday, Nov. 11,
at 8 p.m.
McGhee has sung in Carnegie
Hall, has just returned from a
tour with "Cat on a Hot Tin
Roof." and performed in the mov
ie "A Face in the Crowd." Terry,
whose father was also a folk
singer, hails from Durham, N.C.
He has been seen in the Broad
way production of "Finian's Rain
bow."
Student tickets will lie sold on
Engineering Corner today, Mon
day and Tuesday for $1.50. They
may also be obtained at the door.
ENGAGEMENT
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Karen Anne Kolb,
'62, to Robert Lee, '62.
A program of folk music will
bo presented by Brownie McGhee
and Sonny Terry in Cubberley
Auditorium Wednesday, Nov. 11,
at 8 p.m.
McGhee has sung in Carnegie
Hall, has just returned from a
tour with "Cat on a Hot Tin
Roof." and performed in the mov
ie "A Face in the Crowd." Terry,
whose father was also a folk
singer, hails from Durham, N.C.
He has been seen in the Broad
way production of "Finian's Rain
bow."
Student tickets will lie sold on
Engineering Corner today, Mon
day and Tuesday for $1.50. They
may also be obtained at the door.
ENGAGEMENT
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Karen Anne Kolb,
'62, to Robert Lee, '62.
A program of folk music will
bo presented by Brownie McGhee
and Sonny Terry in Cubberley
Auditorium Wednesday, Nov. 11,
at 8 p.m.
McGhee has sung in Carnegie
Hall, has just returned from a
tour with "Cat on a Hot Tin
Roof." and performed in the mov
ie "A Face in the Crowd." Terry,
whose father was also a folk
singer, hails from Durham, N.C.
He has been seen in the Broad
way production of "Finian's Rain
bow."
Student tickets will lie sold on
Engineering Corner today, Mon
day and Tuesday for $1.50. They
may also be obtained at the door.
ENGAGEMENT
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Karen Anne Kolb,
'62, to Robert Lee, '62.
A program of folk music will
bo presented by Brownie McGhee
and Sonny Terry in Cubberley
Auditorium Wednesday, Nov. 11,
at 8 p.m.
McGhee has sung in Carnegie
Hall, has just returned from a
tour with "Cat on a Hot Tin
Roof." and performed in the mov
ie "A Face in the Crowd." Terry,
whose father was also a folk
singer, hails from Durham, N.C.
He has been seen in the Broad
way production of "Finian's Rain
bow."
Student tickets will lie sold on
Engineering Corner today, Mon
day and Tuesday for $1.50. They
may also be obtained at the door.
ENGAGEMENT
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Karen Anne Kolb,
'62, to Robert Lee, '62.
A program of folk music will
bo presented by Brownie McGhee
and Sonny Terry in Cubberley
Auditorium Wednesday, Nov. 11,
at 8 p.m.
McGhee has sung in Carnegie
Hall, has just returned from a
tour with "Cat on a Hot Tin
Roof." and performed in the mov
ie "A Face in the Crowd." Terry,
whose father was also a folk
singer, hails from Durham, N.C.
He has been seen in the Broad
way production of "Finian's Rain
bow."
Student tickets will lie sold on
Engineering Corner today, Mon
day and Tuesday for $1.50. They
may also be obtained at the door.
ENGAGEMENT
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Karen Anne Kolb,
'62, to Robert Lee, '62.
A program of folk music will
bo presented by Brownie McGhee
and Sonny Terry in Cubberley
Auditorium Wednesday, Nov. 11,
at 8 p.m.
McGhee has sung in Carnegie
Hall, has just returned from a
tour with "Cat on a Hot Tin
Roof." and performed in the mov
ie "A Face in the Crowd." Terry,
whose father was also a folk
singer, hails from Durham, N.C.
He has been seen in the Broad
way production of "Finian's Rain
bow."
Student tickets will lie sold on
Engineering Corner today, Mon
day and Tuesday for $1.50. They
may also be obtained at the door.
ENGAGEMENT
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Karen Anne Kolb,
'62, to Robert Lee, '62.
A program of folk music will
bo presented by Brownie McGhee
and Sonny Terry in Cubberley
Auditorium Wednesday, Nov. 11,
at 8 p.m.
McGhee has sung in Carnegie
Hall, has just returned from a
tour with "Cat on a Hot Tin
Roof." and performed in the mov
ie "A Face in the Crowd." Terry,
whose father was also a folk
singer, hails from Durham, N.C.
He has been seen in the Broad
way production of "Finian's Rain
bow."
Student tickets will lie sold on
Engineering Corner today, Mon
day and Tuesday for $1.50. They
may also be obtained at the door.
ENGAGEMENT
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Karen Anne Kolb,
'62, to Robert Lee, '62.
A program of folk music will
bo presented by Brownie McGhee
and Sonny Terry in Cubberley
Auditorium Wednesday, Nov. 11,
at 8 p.m.
McGhee has sung in Carnegie
Hall, has just returned from a
tour with "Cat on a Hot Tin
Roof." and performed in the mov
ie "A Face in the Crowd." Terry,
whose father was also a folk
singer, hails from Durham, N.C.
He has been seen in the Broad
way production of "Finian's Rain
bow."
Student tickets will lie sold on
Engineering Corner today, Mon
day and Tuesday for $1.50. They
may also be obtained at the door.
ENGAGEMENT
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Karen Anne Kolb,
'62, to Robert Lee, '62.
