# RANCHER-INVENTOR
## Possible Smog Solution Tested in Stanford Labs 
### 
According to tests in Stanford's
mechanical engineering labora
tories, the "RAM Straticharge
Combustion System" of Los
Gatos rancher Ralph I-leintz may
be the answer to t he automobile
smog problem.
Heintz's system, which is being
tested under the direction of Pro
fessor A. Louis London, employs
continuous fuel injection and
makes a "stratified-charge engine
out of an ordinary gasoline en
gine. In tests simulating normal
driving speeds and loads, the un
b u r n e d exhaust hydrocarbons
were less than 2 per cent of the
fuel supplied. Ordinary cars ex
haust 5 per cent or more.
Answer to Smog
"It could be the answer to
smog," London ventured caut
iously. He pointed out that the
RAM-modified 8-cylinder test
motor runs just as well on cheap
fuel, which might double the sav
ings.
In the RAM system, cmbustion
takes place in two interconnected
chambers in a small "pre-com

bustion" chamber that fits into
the spark plug well, and in the
main firing chamber. This pro
duces over-all, diesel-like combus
tion in the presence of plenty of
oxygen.
Stanford Man
Inventor Heintz, who graduated
from Stanford in 1920 as a chem
istry major, is a retired partner
in the Cleveland aircraft equip
ment firm of Jack and Heintz,
Inc. He first became interested
lin the smog problem during a
visit to Southern California sev
eral years ago.
