# Untitled Article
## 
### 
We had thought efter reading ilie
columns of the Occident that the ma
jority of the Berkeley students sanc
tioned the distgreeable conduct of
the noisy minority existing there.
But the J3<rk<l"i/an deplores hood
lumhm in such a frank and gentle
manly way, at. d its conduct is in
such marked contrast with that of
the Occident that we cannot omit
clipping the following from its last
number.
Another thing that struck one un
pleasantly on Saturday was the un
gentlenumly way in which our stu
dents expressed their pleasure at
Stanford's defeat, in the afternoon
It was no doubt pleasant to see our
men take all the first and pec nd
places—as it was pleasant, in a way,
to see Stanford's best men prove no
match for ours. Hut that was no
sufficient i\ason for hissing our
rivals, or showing an unfriendly
spirit in general to the etrangeis.
hen a rival it stitiition is compet
ing with us, its students have a
right to d;maud both fuirness and
courtesy, and in the latter we cer
tainly were somewhat lacking.
There are cynics who have yone so
far as to declaie that there is but
little tietd to waste one's breath 011
the "Berkeley gentleman ' —that like

Ilie philosopher's atone —much as he
is sought for he has not been found.
Far from agreeing to this, one must
jet deplore the fart that the noisy
minority should always be able to
outdo the well-behaved majority —
and yet such seems to be the case
Should Stanford students ever for
get themselves so far as to treat a
competing institution in a disre
spectful manner, this clipping will
deserve careful re-reading.
We had thought efter reading ilie
columns of the Occident that the ma
jority of the Berkeley students sanc
tioned the distgreeable conduct of
the noisy minority existing there.
But the J3<rk<l"i/an deplores hood
lumhm in such a frank and gentle
manly way, at. d its conduct is in
such marked contrast with that of
the Occident that we cannot omit
clipping the following from its last
number.
Another thing that struck one un
pleasantly on Saturday was the un
gentlenumly way in which our stu
dents expressed their pleasure at
Stanford's defeat, in the afternoon
It was no doubt pleasant to see our
men take all the first and pec nd
places—as it was pleasant, in a way,
to see Stanford's best men prove no
match for ours. Hut that was no
sufficient i\ason for hissing our
rivals, or showing an unfriendly
spirit in general to the etrangeis.
hen a rival it stitiition is compet
ing with us, its students have a
right to d;maud both fuirness and
courtesy, and in the latter we cer
tainly were somewhat lacking.
There are cynics who have yone so
far as to declaie that there is but
little tietd to waste one's breath 011
the "Berkeley gentleman ' —that like

Ilie philosopher's atone —much as he
is sought for he has not been found.
Far from agreeing to this, one must
jet deplore the fart that the noisy
minority should always be able to
outdo the well-behaved majority —
and yet such seems to be the case
Should Stanford students ever for
get themselves so far as to treat a
competing institution in a disre
spectful manner, this clipping will
deserve careful re-reading.
