# "Charming Sinners"—New Stanford
## 
### 
This picture is a throwback to the
early talkies. The synchronization is
so poor that one misses about a third
of the conversation; in this case bad
recording is a tragedy for the action
has been reduced to the minimum and
the picture's whole claim to interest
lies in the bon mots of its society
characters.
Direction is stagy and old-fashioned.
Ruth Chatterton is. the leading lady
and satisfies those in the audience
who prefer broad-A English as it is
spoken on the stage to the beauty
which movie audiences usually expect
in their heroines.
William Powell is adequate in a
colorless role. Clive Brook affects a
great many dudish mannerisms, but
gets laughs with his exaggerated ex-
Broadway fame as Imogene Wilson a
few years ago) is the woman in tne
case. She contributes little to make
the picture interesting.
The only clever thing about this
production is the sophisticated re
torts which the principals hand each
other. The best lines have been sal
vaged from the stage play from which
the picture has been adopted. But
those who delighted in Ethel Barry
more's "The Constant Wife" will not
burst into cheers when they see what
Paramount has done in transferring
it into "fillum."
—Ben Maddox.
This picture is a throwback to the
early talkies. The synchronization is
so poor that one misses about a third
of the conversation; in this case bad
recording is a tragedy for the action
has been reduced to the minimum and
the picture's whole claim to interest
lies in the bon mots of its society
characters.
Direction is stagy and old-fashioned.
Ruth Chatterton is. the leading lady
and satisfies those in the audience
who prefer broad-A English as it is
spoken on the stage to the beauty
which movie audiences usually expect
in their heroines.
William Powell is adequate in a
colorless role. Clive Brook affects a
great many dudish mannerisms, but
gets laughs with his exaggerated ex-
Broadway fame as Imogene Wilson a
few years ago) is the woman in tne
case. She contributes little to make
the picture interesting.
The only clever thing about this
production is the sophisticated re
torts which the principals hand each
other. The best lines have been sal
vaged from the stage play from which
the picture has been adopted. But
those who delighted in Ethel Barry
more's "The Constant Wife" will not
burst into cheers when they see what
Paramount has done in transferring
it into "fillum."
—Ben Maddox.
This picture is a throwback to the
early talkies. The synchronization is
so poor that one misses about a third
of the conversation; in this case bad
recording is a tragedy for the action
has been reduced to the minimum and
the picture's whole claim to interest
lies in the bon mots of its society
characters.
Direction is stagy and old-fashioned.
Ruth Chatterton is. the leading lady
and satisfies those in the audience
who prefer broad-A English as it is
spoken on the stage to the beauty
which movie audiences usually expect
in their heroines.
William Powell is adequate in a
colorless role. Clive Brook affects a
great many dudish mannerisms, but
gets laughs with his exaggerated ex-
Broadway fame as Imogene Wilson a
few years ago) is the woman in tne
case. She contributes little to make
the picture interesting.
The only clever thing about this
production is the sophisticated re
torts which the principals hand each
other. The best lines have been sal
vaged from the stage play from which
the picture has been adopted. But
those who delighted in Ethel Barry
more's "The Constant Wife" will not
burst into cheers when they see what
Paramount has done in transferring
it into "fillum."
—Ben Maddox.
This picture is a throwback to the
early talkies. The synchronization is
so poor that one misses about a third
of the conversation; in this case bad
recording is a tragedy for the action
has been reduced to the minimum and
the picture's whole claim to interest
lies in the bon mots of its society
characters.
Direction is stagy and old-fashioned.
Ruth Chatterton is. the leading lady
and satisfies those in the audience
who prefer broad-A English as it is
spoken on the stage to the beauty
which movie audiences usually expect
in their heroines.
William Powell is adequate in a
colorless role. Clive Brook affects a
great many dudish mannerisms, but
gets laughs with his exaggerated ex-
Broadway fame as Imogene Wilson a
few years ago) is the woman in tne
case. She contributes little to make
the picture interesting.
The only clever thing about this
production is the sophisticated re
torts which the principals hand each
other. The best lines have been sal
vaged from the stage play from which
the picture has been adopted. But
those who delighted in Ethel Barry
more's "The Constant Wife" will not
burst into cheers when they see what
Paramount has done in transferring
it into "fillum."
—Ben Maddox.
This picture is a throwback to the
early talkies. The synchronization is
so poor that one misses about a third
of the conversation; in this case bad
recording is a tragedy for the action
has been reduced to the minimum and
the picture's whole claim to interest
lies in the bon mots of its society
characters.
Direction is stagy and old-fashioned.
Ruth Chatterton is. the leading lady
and satisfies those in the audience
who prefer broad-A English as it is
spoken on the stage to the beauty
which movie audiences usually expect
in their heroines.
William Powell is adequate in a
colorless role. Clive Brook affects a
great many dudish mannerisms, but
gets laughs with his exaggerated ex-
Broadway fame as Imogene Wilson a
few years ago) is the woman in tne
case. She contributes little to make
the picture interesting.
The only clever thing about this
production is the sophisticated re
torts which the principals hand each
other. The best lines have been sal
vaged from the stage play from which
the picture has been adopted. But
those who delighted in Ethel Barry
more's "The Constant Wife" will not
burst into cheers when they see what
Paramount has done in transferring
it into "fillum."
—Ben Maddox.
This picture is a throwback to the
early talkies. The synchronization is
so poor that one misses about a third
of the conversation; in this case bad
recording is a tragedy for the action
has been reduced to the minimum and
the picture's whole claim to interest
lies in the bon mots of its society
characters.
Direction is stagy and old-fashioned.
Ruth Chatterton is. the leading lady
and satisfies those in the audience
who prefer broad-A English as it is
spoken on the stage to the beauty
which movie audiences usually expect
in their heroines.
William Powell is adequate in a
colorless role. Clive Brook affects a
great many dudish mannerisms, but
gets laughs with his exaggerated ex-
Broadway fame as Imogene Wilson a
few years ago) is the woman in tne
case. She contributes little to make
the picture interesting.
The only clever thing about this
production is the sophisticated re
torts which the principals hand each
other. The best lines have been sal
vaged from the stage play from which
the picture has been adopted. But
those who delighted in Ethel Barry
more's "The Constant Wife" will not
burst into cheers when they see what
Paramount has done in transferring
it into "fillum."
—Ben Maddox.
This picture is a throwback to the
early talkies. The synchronization is
so poor that one misses about a third
of the conversation; in this case bad
recording is a tragedy for the action
has been reduced to the minimum and
the picture's whole claim to interest
lies in the bon mots of its society
characters.
Direction is stagy and old-fashioned.
Ruth Chatterton is. the leading lady
and satisfies those in the audience
who prefer broad-A English as it is
spoken on the stage to the beauty
which movie audiences usually expect
in their heroines.
William Powell is adequate in a
colorless role. Clive Brook affects a
great many dudish mannerisms, but
gets laughs with his exaggerated ex-
Broadway fame as Imogene Wilson a
few years ago) is the woman in tne
case. She contributes little to make
the picture interesting.
The only clever thing about this
production is the sophisticated re
torts which the principals hand each
other. The best lines have been sal
vaged from the stage play from which
the picture has been adopted. But
those who delighted in Ethel Barry
more's "The Constant Wife" will not
burst into cheers when they see what
Paramount has done in transferring
it into "fillum."
—Ben Maddox.
This picture is a throwback to the
early talkies. The synchronization is
so poor that one misses about a third
of the conversation; in this case bad
recording is a tragedy for the action
has been reduced to the minimum and
the picture's whole claim to interest
lies in the bon mots of its society
characters.
Direction is stagy and old-fashioned.
Ruth Chatterton is. the leading lady
and satisfies those in the audience
who prefer broad-A English as it is
spoken on the stage to the beauty
which movie audiences usually expect
in their heroines.
William Powell is adequate in a
colorless role. Clive Brook affects a
great many dudish mannerisms, but
gets laughs with his exaggerated ex-
Broadway fame as Imogene Wilson a
few years ago) is the woman in tne
case. She contributes little to make
the picture interesting.
The only clever thing about this
production is the sophisticated re
torts which the principals hand each
other. The best lines have been sal
vaged from the stage play from which
the picture has been adopted. But
those who delighted in Ethel Barry
more's "The Constant Wife" will not
burst into cheers when they see what
Paramount has done in transferring
it into "fillum."
—Ben Maddox.
This picture is a throwback to the
early talkies. The synchronization is
so poor that one misses about a third
of the conversation; in this case bad
recording is a tragedy for the action
has been reduced to the minimum and
the picture's whole claim to interest
lies in the bon mots of its society
characters.
Direction is stagy and old-fashioned.
Ruth Chatterton is. the leading lady
and satisfies those in the audience
who prefer broad-A English as it is
spoken on the stage to the beauty
which movie audiences usually expect
in their heroines.
William Powell is adequate in a
colorless role. Clive Brook affects a
great many dudish mannerisms, but
gets laughs with his exaggerated ex-
Broadway fame as Imogene Wilson a
few years ago) is the woman in tne
case. She contributes little to make
the picture interesting.
The only clever thing about this
production is the sophisticated re
torts which the principals hand each
other. The best lines have been sal
vaged from the stage play from which
the picture has been adopted. But
those who delighted in Ethel Barry
more's "The Constant Wife" will not
burst into cheers when they see what
Paramount has done in transferring
it into "fillum."
—Ben Maddox.
This picture is a throwback to the
early talkies. The synchronization is
so poor that one misses about a third
of the conversation; in this case bad
recording is a tragedy for the action
has been reduced to the minimum and
the picture's whole claim to interest
lies in the bon mots of its society
characters.
Direction is stagy and old-fashioned.
Ruth Chatterton is. the leading lady
and satisfies those in the audience
who prefer broad-A English as it is
spoken on the stage to the beauty
which movie audiences usually expect
in their heroines.
William Powell is adequate in a
colorless role. Clive Brook affects a
great many dudish mannerisms, but
gets laughs with his exaggerated ex-
Broadway fame as Imogene Wilson a
few years ago) is the woman in tne
case. She contributes little to make
the picture interesting.
The only clever thing about this
production is the sophisticated re
torts which the principals hand each
other. The best lines have been sal
vaged from the stage play from which
the picture has been adopted. But
those who delighted in Ethel Barry
more's "The Constant Wife" will not
burst into cheers when they see what
Paramount has done in transferring
it into "fillum."
—Ben Maddox.
This picture is a throwback to the
early talkies. The synchronization is
so poor that one misses about a third
of the conversation; in this case bad
recording is a tragedy for the action
has been reduced to the minimum and
the picture's whole claim to interest
lies in the bon mots of its society
characters.
Direction is stagy and old-fashioned.
Ruth Chatterton is. the leading lady
and satisfies those in the audience
who prefer broad-A English as it is
spoken on the stage to the beauty
which movie audiences usually expect
in their heroines.
William Powell is adequate in a
colorless role. Clive Brook affects a
great many dudish mannerisms, but
gets laughs with his exaggerated ex-
Broadway fame as Imogene Wilson a
few years ago) is the woman in tne
case. She contributes little to make
the picture interesting.
The only clever thing about this
production is the sophisticated re
torts which the principals hand each
other. The best lines have been sal
vaged from the stage play from which
the picture has been adopted. But
those who delighted in Ethel Barry
more's "The Constant Wife" will not
burst into cheers when they see what
Paramount has done in transferring
it into "fillum."
—Ben Maddox.
This picture is a throwback to the
early talkies. The synchronization is
so poor that one misses about a third
of the conversation; in this case bad
recording is a tragedy for the action
has been reduced to the minimum and
the picture's whole claim to interest
lies in the bon mots of its society
characters.
Direction is stagy and old-fashioned.
Ruth Chatterton is. the leading lady
and satisfies those in the audience
who prefer broad-A English as it is
spoken on the stage to the beauty
which movie audiences usually expect
in their heroines.
William Powell is adequate in a
colorless role. Clive Brook affects a
great many dudish mannerisms, but
gets laughs with his exaggerated ex-
Broadway fame as Imogene Wilson a
few years ago) is the woman in tne
case. She contributes little to make
the picture interesting.
The only clever thing about this
production is the sophisticated re
torts which the principals hand each
other. The best lines have been sal
vaged from the stage play from which
the picture has been adopted. But
those who delighted in Ethel Barry
more's "The Constant Wife" will not
burst into cheers when they see what
Paramount has done in transferring
it into "fillum."
—Ben Maddox.
This picture is a throwback to the
early talkies. The synchronization is
so poor that one misses about a third
of the conversation; in this case bad
recording is a tragedy for the action
has been reduced to the minimum and
the picture's whole claim to interest
lies in the bon mots of its society
characters.
Direction is stagy and old-fashioned.
Ruth Chatterton is. the leading lady
and satisfies those in the audience
who prefer broad-A English as it is
spoken on the stage to the beauty
which movie audiences usually expect
in their heroines.
William Powell is adequate in a
colorless role. Clive Brook affects a
great many dudish mannerisms, but
gets laughs with his exaggerated ex-
Broadway fame as Imogene Wilson a
few years ago) is the woman in tne
case. She contributes little to make
the picture interesting.
The only clever thing about this
production is the sophisticated re
torts which the principals hand each
other. The best lines have been sal
vaged from the stage play from which
the picture has been adopted. But
those who delighted in Ethel Barry
more's "The Constant Wife" will not
burst into cheers when they see what
Paramount has done in transferring
it into "fillum."
—Ben Maddox.
This picture is a throwback to the
early talkies. The synchronization is
so poor that one misses about a third
of the conversation; in this case bad
recording is a tragedy for the action
has been reduced to the minimum and
the picture's whole claim to interest
lies in the bon mots of its society
characters.
Direction is stagy and old-fashioned.
Ruth Chatterton is. the leading lady
and satisfies those in the audience
who prefer broad-A English as it is
spoken on the stage to the beauty
which movie audiences usually expect
in their heroines.
William Powell is adequate in a
colorless role. Clive Brook affects a
great many dudish mannerisms, but
gets laughs with his exaggerated ex-
Broadway fame as Imogene Wilson a
few years ago) is the woman in tne
case. She contributes little to make
the picture interesting.
The only clever thing about this
production is the sophisticated re
torts which the principals hand each
other. The best lines have been sal
vaged from the stage play from which
the picture has been adopted. But
those who delighted in Ethel Barry
more's "The Constant Wife" will not
burst into cheers when they see what
Paramount has done in transferring
it into "fillum."
—Ben Maddox.
This picture is a throwback to the
early talkies. The synchronization is
so poor that one misses about a third
of the conversation; in this case bad
recording is a tragedy for the action
has been reduced to the minimum and
the picture's whole claim to interest
lies in the bon mots of its society
characters.
Direction is stagy and old-fashioned.
Ruth Chatterton is. the leading lady
and satisfies those in the audience
who prefer broad-A English as it is
spoken on the stage to the beauty
which movie audiences usually expect
in their heroines.
William Powell is adequate in a
colorless role. Clive Brook affects a
great many dudish mannerisms, but
gets laughs with his exaggerated ex-
Broadway fame as Imogene Wilson a
few years ago) is the woman in tne
case. She contributes little to make
the picture interesting.
The only clever thing about this
production is the sophisticated re
torts which the principals hand each
other. The best lines have been sal
vaged from the stage play from which
the picture has been adopted. But
those who delighted in Ethel Barry
more's "The Constant Wife" will not
burst into cheers when they see what
Paramount has done in transferring
it into "fillum."
—Ben Maddox.
This picture is a throwback to the
early talkies. The synchronization is
so poor that one misses about a third
of the conversation; in this case bad
recording is a tragedy for the action
has been reduced to the minimum and
the picture's whole claim to interest
lies in the bon mots of its society
characters.
Direction is stagy and old-fashioned.
Ruth Chatterton is. the leading lady
and satisfies those in the audience
who prefer broad-A English as it is
spoken on the stage to the beauty
which movie audiences usually expect
in their heroines.
William Powell is adequate in a
colorless role. Clive Brook affects a
great many dudish mannerisms, but
gets laughs with his exaggerated ex-
Broadway fame as Imogene Wilson a
few years ago) is the woman in tne
case. She contributes little to make
the picture interesting.
The only clever thing about this
production is the sophisticated re
torts which the principals hand each
other. The best lines have been sal
vaged from the stage play from which
the picture has been adopted. But
those who delighted in Ethel Barry
more's "The Constant Wife" will not
burst into cheers when they see what
Paramount has done in transferring
it into "fillum."
—Ben Maddox.
This picture is a throwback to the
early talkies. The synchronization is
so poor that one misses about a third
of the conversation; in this case bad
recording is a tragedy for the action
has been reduced to the minimum and
the picture's whole claim to interest
lies in the bon mots of its society
characters.
Direction is stagy and old-fashioned.
Ruth Chatterton is. the leading lady
and satisfies those in the audience
who prefer broad-A English as it is
spoken on the stage to the beauty
which movie audiences usually expect
in their heroines.
William Powell is adequate in a
colorless role. Clive Brook affects a
great many dudish mannerisms, but
gets laughs with his exaggerated ex-
Broadway fame as Imogene Wilson a
few years ago) is the woman in tne
case. She contributes little to make
the picture interesting.
The only clever thing about this
production is the sophisticated re
torts which the principals hand each
other. The best lines have been sal
vaged from the stage play from which
the picture has been adopted. But
those who delighted in Ethel Barry
more's "The Constant Wife" will not
burst into cheers when they see what
Paramount has done in transferring
it into "fillum."
—Ben Maddox.
