# "Muscle Fatigue" is Lecture Subject of Famous Physiologist
## 
### 
"By properly calculated chemical
application, a muscle which, through
can be re-stimulated to full working
usage, has reached the fatigue point,
capacity," stated Dr. L. A. Orbeli,
world-famous Russian nerve special
ist, in a lecture on "Muscle Fatigue,"
delivered Friday afternoon, October
11, in the Little Theatre.
With the aid of lantern slides, Dr.
Orbeli described the results of nine
years of experiment in his laboratory
in Leningrad, Russia. Bodies of ani
mals furnished the systems for inves
tigation, and either electricity or so
dium chloride, the stimulation.
The resultant vibrations are re
corded, photographed, and put on
slides for illustrative work. "These
experiments have led me to believe
that the central nervous system is
closely allied with the sympathetic
nervous system."
Dr. Orbeli, who has addressed stu
dents of the University of California,
came from Russia to attend the na
tional Physiological Congress in Bos
ton, Massachusetts.
