# Largest Ship Built In U.S. Ready For Maiden Voyage
## 
### 
NEW YORK, Oct. 13. (A 3 )—'The
new 33,375-ton Panama Pacific liner
Pennsylvania, described by the build
ers as the largest passenger vessel
ever constructed in an American ship
yard, arrived here today from New
port News, Va., and will start her
maiden voyage in the New York-San
Francisco service October 19.
Captain James Roberts, commander,
said tho steamer did 67.4 miles be
tween Chesapeake Lightship and Win
ter Quarter Shoals at 19.3 knots.
NEW YORK, Oct. 13. (A 3 )—'The
new 33,375-ton Panama Pacific liner
Pennsylvania, described by the build
ers as the largest passenger vessel
ever constructed in an American ship
yard, arrived here today from New
port News, Va., and will start her
maiden voyage in the New York-San
Francisco service October 19.
Captain James Roberts, commander,
said tho steamer did 67.4 miles be
tween Chesapeake Lightship and Win
ter Quarter Shoals at 19.3 knots.
NEW YORK, Oct. 13. (A 3 )—'The
new 33,375-ton Panama Pacific liner
Pennsylvania, described by the build
ers as the largest passenger vessel
ever constructed in an American ship
yard, arrived here today from New
port News, Va., and will start her
maiden voyage in the New York-San
Francisco service October 19.
Captain James Roberts, commander,
said tho steamer did 67.4 miles be
tween Chesapeake Lightship and Win
ter Quarter Shoals at 19.3 knots.
NEW YORK, Oct. 13. (A 3 )—'The
new 33,375-ton Panama Pacific liner
Pennsylvania, described by the build
ers as the largest passenger vessel
ever constructed in an American ship
yard, arrived here today from New
port News, Va., and will start her
maiden voyage in the New York-San
Francisco service October 19.
Captain James Roberts, commander,
said tho steamer did 67.4 miles be
tween Chesapeake Lightship and Win
ter Quarter Shoals at 19.3 knots.
NEW YORK, Oct. 13. (A 3 )—'The
new 33,375-ton Panama Pacific liner
Pennsylvania, described by the build
ers as the largest passenger vessel
ever constructed in an American ship
yard, arrived here today from New
port News, Va., and will start her
maiden voyage in the New York-San
Francisco service October 19.
Captain James Roberts, commander,
said tho steamer did 67.4 miles be
tween Chesapeake Lightship and Win
ter Quarter Shoals at 19.3 knots.
NEW YORK, Oct. 13. (A 3 )—'The
new 33,375-ton Panama Pacific liner
Pennsylvania, described by the build
ers as the largest passenger vessel
ever constructed in an American ship
yard, arrived here today from New
port News, Va., and will start her
maiden voyage in the New York-San
Francisco service October 19.
Captain James Roberts, commander,
said tho steamer did 67.4 miles be
tween Chesapeake Lightship and Win
ter Quarter Shoals at 19.3 knots.
NEW YORK, Oct. 13. (A 3 )—'The
new 33,375-ton Panama Pacific liner
Pennsylvania, described by the build
ers as the largest passenger vessel
ever constructed in an American ship
yard, arrived here today from New
port News, Va., and will start her
maiden voyage in the New York-San
Francisco service October 19.
Captain James Roberts, commander,
said tho steamer did 67.4 miles be
tween Chesapeake Lightship and Win
ter Quarter Shoals at 19.3 knots.
NEW YORK, Oct. 13. (A 3 )—'The
new 33,375-ton Panama Pacific liner
Pennsylvania, described by the build
ers as the largest passenger vessel
ever constructed in an American ship
yard, arrived here today from New
port News, Va., and will start her
maiden voyage in the New York-San
Francisco service October 19.
Captain James Roberts, commander,
said tho steamer did 67.4 miles be
tween Chesapeake Lightship and Win
ter Quarter Shoals at 19.3 knots.
NEW YORK, Oct. 13. (A 3 )—'The
new 33,375-ton Panama Pacific liner
Pennsylvania, described by the build
ers as the largest passenger vessel
ever constructed in an American ship
yard, arrived here today from New
port News, Va., and will start her
maiden voyage in the New York-San
Francisco service October 19.
Captain James Roberts, commander,
said tho steamer did 67.4 miles be
tween Chesapeake Lightship and Win
ter Quarter Shoals at 19.3 knots.
NEW YORK, Oct. 13. (A 3 )—'The
new 33,375-ton Panama Pacific liner
Pennsylvania, described by the build
ers as the largest passenger vessel
ever constructed in an American ship
yard, arrived here today from New
port News, Va., and will start her
maiden voyage in the New York-San
Francisco service October 19.
Captain James Roberts, commander,
said tho steamer did 67.4 miles be
tween Chesapeake Lightship and Win
ter Quarter Shoals at 19.3 knots.
NEW YORK, Oct. 13. (A 3 )—'The
new 33,375-ton Panama Pacific liner
Pennsylvania, described by the build
ers as the largest passenger vessel
ever constructed in an American ship
yard, arrived here today from New
port News, Va., and will start her
maiden voyage in the New York-San
Francisco service October 19.
Captain James Roberts, commander,
said tho steamer did 67.4 miles be
tween Chesapeake Lightship and Win
ter Quarter Shoals at 19.3 knots.
NEW YORK, Oct. 13. (A 3 )—'The
new 33,375-ton Panama Pacific liner
Pennsylvania, described by the build
ers as the largest passenger vessel
ever constructed in an American ship
yard, arrived here today from New
port News, Va., and will start her
maiden voyage in the New York-San
Francisco service October 19.
Captain James Roberts, commander,
said tho steamer did 67.4 miles be
tween Chesapeake Lightship and Win
ter Quarter Shoals at 19.3 knots.
NEW YORK, Oct. 13. (A 3 )—'The
new 33,375-ton Panama Pacific liner
Pennsylvania, described by the build
ers as the largest passenger vessel
ever constructed in an American ship
yard, arrived here today from New
port News, Va., and will start her
maiden voyage in the New York-San
Francisco service October 19.
Captain James Roberts, commander,
said tho steamer did 67.4 miles be
tween Chesapeake Lightship and Win
ter Quarter Shoals at 19.3 knots.
NEW YORK, Oct. 13. (A 3 )—'The
new 33,375-ton Panama Pacific liner
Pennsylvania, described by the build
ers as the largest passenger vessel
ever constructed in an American ship
yard, arrived here today from New
port News, Va., and will start her
maiden voyage in the New York-San
Francisco service October 19.
Captain James Roberts, commander,
said tho steamer did 67.4 miles be
tween Chesapeake Lightship and Win
ter Quarter Shoals at 19.3 knots.
NEW YORK, Oct. 13. (A 3 )—'The
new 33,375-ton Panama Pacific liner
Pennsylvania, described by the build
ers as the largest passenger vessel
ever constructed in an American ship
yard, arrived here today from New
port News, Va., and will start her
maiden voyage in the New York-San
Francisco service October 19.
Captain James Roberts, commander,
said tho steamer did 67.4 miles be
tween Chesapeake Lightship and Win
ter Quarter Shoals at 19.3 knots.
NEW YORK, Oct. 13. (A 3 )—'The
new 33,375-ton Panama Pacific liner
Pennsylvania, described by the build
ers as the largest passenger vessel
ever constructed in an American ship
yard, arrived here today from New
port News, Va., and will start her
maiden voyage in the New York-San
Francisco service October 19.
Captain James Roberts, commander,
said tho steamer did 67.4 miles be
tween Chesapeake Lightship and Win
ter Quarter Shoals at 19.3 knots.
NEW YORK, Oct. 13. (A 3 )—'The
new 33,375-ton Panama Pacific liner
Pennsylvania, described by the build
ers as the largest passenger vessel
ever constructed in an American ship
yard, arrived here today from New
port News, Va., and will start her
maiden voyage in the New York-San
Francisco service October 19.
Captain James Roberts, commander,
said tho steamer did 67.4 miles be
tween Chesapeake Lightship and Win
ter Quarter Shoals at 19.3 knots.
