# Hoover Decides To Attend Last World Series Game
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Oct. 13. (£>)— After
a hurried re-arrangement of his en
gagement list, President Hoover de
cided to go to Philadelphia tomorrow
to attend the last World Series base
ball game to be played this year in
(he East.
He will be accompanied by Mrs.
Hoover, the Attorney General, and
Mrs. Mitchell; Secretary Hyde, two
of his private secretaries, Lawrence
Ilichey and Walter Newton, and Lieu
tenant Commander Joel T. Boone,
U.S.N., White House physician.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 13. (£>)— After
a hurried re-arrangement of his en
gagement list, President Hoover de
cided to go to Philadelphia tomorrow
to attend the last World Series base
ball game to be played this year in
(he East.
He will be accompanied by Mrs.
Hoover, the Attorney General, and
Mrs. Mitchell; Secretary Hyde, two
of his private secretaries, Lawrence
Ilichey and Walter Newton, and Lieu
tenant Commander Joel T. Boone,
U.S.N., White House physician.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 13. (£>)— After
a hurried re-arrangement of his en
gagement list, President Hoover de
cided to go to Philadelphia tomorrow
to attend the last World Series base
ball game to be played this year in
(he East.
He will be accompanied by Mrs.
Hoover, the Attorney General, and
Mrs. Mitchell; Secretary Hyde, two
of his private secretaries, Lawrence
Ilichey and Walter Newton, and Lieu
tenant Commander Joel T. Boone,
U.S.N., White House physician.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 13. (£>)— After
a hurried re-arrangement of his en
gagement list, President Hoover de
cided to go to Philadelphia tomorrow
to attend the last World Series base
ball game to be played this year in
(he East.
He will be accompanied by Mrs.
Hoover, the Attorney General, and
Mrs. Mitchell; Secretary Hyde, two
of his private secretaries, Lawrence
Ilichey and Walter Newton, and Lieu
tenant Commander Joel T. Boone,
U.S.N., White House physician.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 13. (£>)— After
a hurried re-arrangement of his en
gagement list, President Hoover de
cided to go to Philadelphia tomorrow
to attend the last World Series base
ball game to be played this year in
(he East.
He will be accompanied by Mrs.
Hoover, the Attorney General, and
Mrs. Mitchell; Secretary Hyde, two
of his private secretaries, Lawrence
Ilichey and Walter Newton, and Lieu
tenant Commander Joel T. Boone,
U.S.N., White House physician.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 13. (£>)— After
a hurried re-arrangement of his en
gagement list, President Hoover de
cided to go to Philadelphia tomorrow
to attend the last World Series base
ball game to be played this year in
(he East.
He will be accompanied by Mrs.
Hoover, the Attorney General, and
Mrs. Mitchell; Secretary Hyde, two
of his private secretaries, Lawrence
Ilichey and Walter Newton, and Lieu
tenant Commander Joel T. Boone,
U.S.N., White House physician.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 13. (£>)— After
a hurried re-arrangement of his en
gagement list, President Hoover de
cided to go to Philadelphia tomorrow
to attend the last World Series base
ball game to be played this year in
(he East.
He will be accompanied by Mrs.
Hoover, the Attorney General, and
Mrs. Mitchell; Secretary Hyde, two
of his private secretaries, Lawrence
Ilichey and Walter Newton, and Lieu
tenant Commander Joel T. Boone,
U.S.N., White House physician.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 13. (£>)— After
a hurried re-arrangement of his en
gagement list, President Hoover de
cided to go to Philadelphia tomorrow
to attend the last World Series base
ball game to be played this year in
(he East.
He will be accompanied by Mrs.
Hoover, the Attorney General, and
Mrs. Mitchell; Secretary Hyde, two
of his private secretaries, Lawrence
Ilichey and Walter Newton, and Lieu
tenant Commander Joel T. Boone,
U.S.N., White House physician.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 13. (£>)— After
a hurried re-arrangement of his en
gagement list, President Hoover de
cided to go to Philadelphia tomorrow
to attend the last World Series base
ball game to be played this year in
(he East.
He will be accompanied by Mrs.
Hoover, the Attorney General, and
Mrs. Mitchell; Secretary Hyde, two
of his private secretaries, Lawrence
Ilichey and Walter Newton, and Lieu
tenant Commander Joel T. Boone,
U.S.N., White House physician.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 13. (£>)— After
a hurried re-arrangement of his en
gagement list, President Hoover de
cided to go to Philadelphia tomorrow
to attend the last World Series base
ball game to be played this year in
(he East.
He will be accompanied by Mrs.
Hoover, the Attorney General, and
Mrs. Mitchell; Secretary Hyde, two
of his private secretaries, Lawrence
Ilichey and Walter Newton, and Lieu
tenant Commander Joel T. Boone,
U.S.N., White House physician.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 13. (£>)— After
a hurried re-arrangement of his en
gagement list, President Hoover de
cided to go to Philadelphia tomorrow
to attend the last World Series base
ball game to be played this year in
(he East.
He will be accompanied by Mrs.
Hoover, the Attorney General, and
Mrs. Mitchell; Secretary Hyde, two
of his private secretaries, Lawrence
Ilichey and Walter Newton, and Lieu
tenant Commander Joel T. Boone,
U.S.N., White House physician.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 13. (£>)— After
a hurried re-arrangement of his en
gagement list, President Hoover de
cided to go to Philadelphia tomorrow
to attend the last World Series base
ball game to be played this year in
(he East.
He will be accompanied by Mrs.
Hoover, the Attorney General, and
Mrs. Mitchell; Secretary Hyde, two
of his private secretaries, Lawrence
Ilichey and Walter Newton, and Lieu
tenant Commander Joel T. Boone,
U.S.N., White House physician.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 13. (£>)— After
a hurried re-arrangement of his en
gagement list, President Hoover de
cided to go to Philadelphia tomorrow
to attend the last World Series base
ball game to be played this year in
(he East.
He will be accompanied by Mrs.
Hoover, the Attorney General, and
Mrs. Mitchell; Secretary Hyde, two
of his private secretaries, Lawrence
Ilichey and Walter Newton, and Lieu
tenant Commander Joel T. Boone,
U.S.N., White House physician.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 13. (£>)— After
a hurried re-arrangement of his en
gagement list, President Hoover de
cided to go to Philadelphia tomorrow
to attend the last World Series base
ball game to be played this year in
(he East.
He will be accompanied by Mrs.
Hoover, the Attorney General, and
Mrs. Mitchell; Secretary Hyde, two
of his private secretaries, Lawrence
Ilichey and Walter Newton, and Lieu
tenant Commander Joel T. Boone,
U.S.N., White House physician.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 13. (£>)— After
a hurried re-arrangement of his en
gagement list, President Hoover de
cided to go to Philadelphia tomorrow
to attend the last World Series base
ball game to be played this year in
(he East.
He will be accompanied by Mrs.
Hoover, the Attorney General, and
Mrs. Mitchell; Secretary Hyde, two
of his private secretaries, Lawrence
Ilichey and Walter Newton, and Lieu
tenant Commander Joel T. Boone,
U.S.N., White House physician.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 13. (£>)— After
a hurried re-arrangement of his en
gagement list, President Hoover de
cided to go to Philadelphia tomorrow
to attend the last World Series base
ball game to be played this year in
(he East.
He will be accompanied by Mrs.
Hoover, the Attorney General, and
Mrs. Mitchell; Secretary Hyde, two
of his private secretaries, Lawrence
Ilichey and Walter Newton, and Lieu
tenant Commander Joel T. Boone,
U.S.N., White House physician.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 13. (£>)— After
a hurried re-arrangement of his en
gagement list, President Hoover de
cided to go to Philadelphia tomorrow
to attend the last World Series base
ball game to be played this year in
(he East.
He will be accompanied by Mrs.
Hoover, the Attorney General, and
Mrs. Mitchell; Secretary Hyde, two
of his private secretaries, Lawrence
Ilichey and Walter Newton, and Lieu
tenant Commander Joel T. Boone,
U.S.N., White House physician.
