# STANFORD FROSH ARE TRAMPLED BY SANTA CLARA YEARLINGS 13-0
## 
### 
A band of frisky Bronco colts from
Santa Clara kicked up their heels in
the Stanford Stadium Saturday and
left numerous hoof-prints on the Card
freshman eleven as they trampled
roughshod over Husky Hunt's men to
a 13-0 victory.
There was little doubt as to the
Santa Clarans' margin of superiority,
although "breaks" paved the way for
both touchdowns. The Stanford Babes
were never able to penetrate into
enemy territory, and twice in the first
half only desperate stands in the
shadow of their own goal posts staved
off Bronco scores.
The first of the aforementioned
"breaks" came near the close of the
third period. AfTlerbaugh, Stanford
halfback, attempting to kick on the
fourth down, was smothered by a surg
ing wave of green-jerseyed linemen
and thrown foi* a ten-yard loss, the
Santa Clara yearlings taking posses
sion of the ball on the Card 30-yard
line and ripping through the Card
line for a touchdown. Powers added
the extra digit with a place kick.
In the fourth quarter, with Stanford
opening a fruitless aerial attack. Af
flerbaugh fumbled and Dyer of Santa
Clara recovered on the Card 22-yard
marker. Fuller turned the Stanford
left flank for 12 yards, then faded
back and flipped a pass to Slavich
over the goal line. The attempt to
convert failed. As the game ended,
Santa Clara was again hammering at
the Cards' goal.
Stanford, although putting up a
game defensive stand, was unable to
muster a sustained offensive drive.
Afflerbaugh and Stevens gained what
little yardage the Babes did accumu
late.
