# SEARCH IS RENEWED FOR SECRET BURIAL PLACE OF CULTISTS
## 
### 
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 13. (/P) — A
telephone call from a woman whose
name police declined to divulge today
sent them on a new search for the
burial place of members of the "Di
vine Order of the Royal Arm of the
Great Eleven" who are believed to
have died in a manner not yet ex
plained.
Investigators said the woman in
formed them that she could lead them
to the place where several bodies
could be found. Three members of the
cult are reported missing and three
others died under circumstances still
a mystery.
A complete coroner's report on the
cause of the death of Willa Rhoads,
a young cult disciple, whose body was
kept on ice for more than a year be
fore it was buried, was expected to
morrow. The girl's foster parents, Mr.
and Mrs. Walter P. Rhoads, are being
held for further questioning.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 13. (/P) — A
telephone call from a woman whose
name police declined to divulge today
sent them on a new search for the
burial place of members of the "Di
vine Order of the Royal Arm of the
Great Eleven" who are believed to
have died in a manner not yet ex
plained.
Investigators said the woman in
formed them that she could lead them
to the place where several bodies
could be found. Three members of the
cult are reported missing and three
others died under circumstances still
a mystery.
A complete coroner's report on the
cause of the death of Willa Rhoads,
a young cult disciple, whose body was
kept on ice for more than a year be
fore it was buried, was expected to
morrow. The girl's foster parents, Mr.
and Mrs. Walter P. Rhoads, are being
held for further questioning.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 13. (/P) — A
telephone call from a woman whose
name police declined to divulge today
sent them on a new search for the
burial place of members of the "Di
vine Order of the Royal Arm of the
Great Eleven" who are believed to
have died in a manner not yet ex
plained.
Investigators said the woman in
formed them that she could lead them
to the place where several bodies
could be found. Three members of the
cult are reported missing and three
others died under circumstances still
a mystery.
A complete coroner's report on the
cause of the death of Willa Rhoads,
a young cult disciple, whose body was
kept on ice for more than a year be
fore it was buried, was expected to
morrow. The girl's foster parents, Mr.
and Mrs. Walter P. Rhoads, are being
held for further questioning.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 13. (/P) — A
telephone call from a woman whose
name police declined to divulge today
sent them on a new search for the
burial place of members of the "Di
vine Order of the Royal Arm of the
Great Eleven" who are believed to
have died in a manner not yet ex
plained.
Investigators said the woman in
formed them that she could lead them
to the place where several bodies
could be found. Three members of the
cult are reported missing and three
others died under circumstances still
a mystery.
A complete coroner's report on the
cause of the death of Willa Rhoads,
a young cult disciple, whose body was
kept on ice for more than a year be
fore it was buried, was expected to
morrow. The girl's foster parents, Mr.
and Mrs. Walter P. Rhoads, are being
held for further questioning.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 13. (/P) — A
telephone call from a woman whose
name police declined to divulge today
sent them on a new search for the
burial place of members of the "Di
vine Order of the Royal Arm of the
Great Eleven" who are believed to
have died in a manner not yet ex
plained.
Investigators said the woman in
formed them that she could lead them
to the place where several bodies
could be found. Three members of the
cult are reported missing and three
others died under circumstances still
a mystery.
A complete coroner's report on the
cause of the death of Willa Rhoads,
a young cult disciple, whose body was
kept on ice for more than a year be
fore it was buried, was expected to
morrow. The girl's foster parents, Mr.
and Mrs. Walter P. Rhoads, are being
held for further questioning.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 13. (/P) — A
telephone call from a woman whose
name police declined to divulge today
sent them on a new search for the
burial place of members of the "Di
vine Order of the Royal Arm of the
Great Eleven" who are believed to
have died in a manner not yet ex
plained.
Investigators said the woman in
formed them that she could lead them
to the place where several bodies
could be found. Three members of the
cult are reported missing and three
others died under circumstances still
a mystery.
A complete coroner's report on the
cause of the death of Willa Rhoads,
a young cult disciple, whose body was
kept on ice for more than a year be
fore it was buried, was expected to
morrow. The girl's foster parents, Mr.
and Mrs. Walter P. Rhoads, are being
held for further questioning.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 13. (/P) — A
telephone call from a woman whose
name police declined to divulge today
sent them on a new search for the
burial place of members of the "Di
vine Order of the Royal Arm of the
Great Eleven" who are believed to
have died in a manner not yet ex
plained.
Investigators said the woman in
formed them that she could lead them
to the place where several bodies
could be found. Three members of the
cult are reported missing and three
others died under circumstances still
a mystery.
A complete coroner's report on the
cause of the death of Willa Rhoads,
a young cult disciple, whose body was
kept on ice for more than a year be
fore it was buried, was expected to
morrow. The girl's foster parents, Mr.
and Mrs. Walter P. Rhoads, are being
held for further questioning.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 13. (/P) — A
telephone call from a woman whose
name police declined to divulge today
sent them on a new search for the
burial place of members of the "Di
vine Order of the Royal Arm of the
Great Eleven" who are believed to
have died in a manner not yet ex
plained.
Investigators said the woman in
formed them that she could lead them
to the place where several bodies
could be found. Three members of the
cult are reported missing and three
others died under circumstances still
a mystery.
A complete coroner's report on the
cause of the death of Willa Rhoads,
a young cult disciple, whose body was
kept on ice for more than a year be
fore it was buried, was expected to
morrow. The girl's foster parents, Mr.
and Mrs. Walter P. Rhoads, are being
held for further questioning.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 13. (/P) — A
telephone call from a woman whose
name police declined to divulge today
sent them on a new search for the
burial place of members of the "Di
vine Order of the Royal Arm of the
Great Eleven" who are believed to
have died in a manner not yet ex
plained.
Investigators said the woman in
formed them that she could lead them
to the place where several bodies
could be found. Three members of the
cult are reported missing and three
others died under circumstances still
a mystery.
A complete coroner's report on the
cause of the death of Willa Rhoads,
a young cult disciple, whose body was
kept on ice for more than a year be
fore it was buried, was expected to
morrow. The girl's foster parents, Mr.
and Mrs. Walter P. Rhoads, are being
held for further questioning.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 13. (/P) — A
telephone call from a woman whose
name police declined to divulge today
sent them on a new search for the
burial place of members of the "Di
vine Order of the Royal Arm of the
Great Eleven" who are believed to
have died in a manner not yet ex
plained.
Investigators said the woman in
formed them that she could lead them
to the place where several bodies
could be found. Three members of the
cult are reported missing and three
others died under circumstances still
a mystery.
A complete coroner's report on the
cause of the death of Willa Rhoads,
a young cult disciple, whose body was
kept on ice for more than a year be
fore it was buried, was expected to
morrow. The girl's foster parents, Mr.
and Mrs. Walter P. Rhoads, are being
held for further questioning.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 13. (/P) — A
telephone call from a woman whose
name police declined to divulge today
sent them on a new search for the
burial place of members of the "Di
vine Order of the Royal Arm of the
Great Eleven" who are believed to
have died in a manner not yet ex
plained.
Investigators said the woman in
formed them that she could lead them
to the place where several bodies
could be found. Three members of the
cult are reported missing and three
others died under circumstances still
a mystery.
A complete coroner's report on the
cause of the death of Willa Rhoads,
a young cult disciple, whose body was
kept on ice for more than a year be
fore it was buried, was expected to
morrow. The girl's foster parents, Mr.
and Mrs. Walter P. Rhoads, are being
held for further questioning.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 13. (/P) — A
telephone call from a woman whose
name police declined to divulge today
sent them on a new search for the
burial place of members of the "Di
vine Order of the Royal Arm of the
Great Eleven" who are believed to
have died in a manner not yet ex
plained.
Investigators said the woman in
formed them that she could lead them
to the place where several bodies
could be found. Three members of the
cult are reported missing and three
others died under circumstances still
a mystery.
A complete coroner's report on the
cause of the death of Willa Rhoads,
a young cult disciple, whose body was
kept on ice for more than a year be
fore it was buried, was expected to
morrow. The girl's foster parents, Mr.
and Mrs. Walter P. Rhoads, are being
held for further questioning.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 13. (/P) — A
telephone call from a woman whose
name police declined to divulge today
sent them on a new search for the
burial place of members of the "Di
vine Order of the Royal Arm of the
Great Eleven" who are believed to
have died in a manner not yet ex
plained.
Investigators said the woman in
formed them that she could lead them
to the place where several bodies
could be found. Three members of the
cult are reported missing and three
others died under circumstances still
a mystery.
A complete coroner's report on the
cause of the death of Willa Rhoads,
a young cult disciple, whose body was
kept on ice for more than a year be
fore it was buried, was expected to
morrow. The girl's foster parents, Mr.
and Mrs. Walter P. Rhoads, are being
held for further questioning.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 13. (/P) — A
telephone call from a woman whose
name police declined to divulge today
sent them on a new search for the
burial place of members of the "Di
vine Order of the Royal Arm of the
Great Eleven" who are believed to
have died in a manner not yet ex
plained.
Investigators said the woman in
formed them that she could lead them
to the place where several bodies
could be found. Three members of the
cult are reported missing and three
others died under circumstances still
a mystery.
A complete coroner's report on the
cause of the death of Willa Rhoads,
a young cult disciple, whose body was
kept on ice for more than a year be
fore it was buried, was expected to
morrow. The girl's foster parents, Mr.
and Mrs. Walter P. Rhoads, are being
held for further questioning.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 13. (/P) — A
telephone call from a woman whose
name police declined to divulge today
sent them on a new search for the
burial place of members of the "Di
vine Order of the Royal Arm of the
Great Eleven" who are believed to
have died in a manner not yet ex
plained.
Investigators said the woman in
formed them that she could lead them
to the place where several bodies
could be found. Three members of the
cult are reported missing and three
others died under circumstances still
a mystery.
A complete coroner's report on the
cause of the death of Willa Rhoads,
a young cult disciple, whose body was
kept on ice for more than a year be
fore it was buried, was expected to
morrow. The girl's foster parents, Mr.
and Mrs. Walter P. Rhoads, are being
held for further questioning.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 13. (/P) — A
telephone call from a woman whose
name police declined to divulge today
sent them on a new search for the
burial place of members of the "Di
vine Order of the Royal Arm of the
Great Eleven" who are believed to
have died in a manner not yet ex
plained.
Investigators said the woman in
formed them that she could lead them
to the place where several bodies
could be found. Three members of the
cult are reported missing and three
others died under circumstances still
a mystery.
A complete coroner's report on the
cause of the death of Willa Rhoads,
a young cult disciple, whose body was
kept on ice for more than a year be
fore it was buried, was expected to
morrow. The girl's foster parents, Mr.
and Mrs. Walter P. Rhoads, are being
held for further questioning.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 13. (/P) — A
telephone call from a woman whose
name police declined to divulge today
sent them on a new search for the
burial place of members of the "Di
vine Order of the Royal Arm of the
Great Eleven" who are believed to
have died in a manner not yet ex
plained.
Investigators said the woman in
formed them that she could lead them
to the place where several bodies
could be found. Three members of the
cult are reported missing and three
others died under circumstances still
a mystery.
A complete coroner's report on the
cause of the death of Willa Rhoads,
a young cult disciple, whose body was
kept on ice for more than a year be
fore it was buried, was expected to
morrow. The girl's foster parents, Mr.
and Mrs. Walter P. Rhoads, are being
held for further questioning.
