# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Gotta keep cool now
Women's hoops keeps at it in
the Pacific Northwest.
Sports, page 7

gotta take care
Baseball took a victory
against Sacramento State.
Sports, page 7:


Gotta keep cool now
Women's hoops keeps at it in
the Pacific Northwest.
Sports, page 7

gotta take care
Baseball took a victory
against Sacramento State.
Sports, page 7:


Gotta keep cool now
Women's hoops keeps at it in
the Pacific Northwest.
Sports, page 7

gotta take care
Baseball took a victory
against Sacramento State.
Sports, page 7:


Gotta keep cool now
Women's hoops keeps at it in
the Pacific Northwest.
Sports, page 7

gotta take care
Baseball took a victory
against Sacramento State.
Sports, page 7:


Gotta keep cool now
Women's hoops keeps at it in
the Pacific Northwest.
Sports, page 7

gotta take care
Baseball took a victory
against Sacramento State.
Sports, page 7:


