# Secretary Proposes Crusade For Peace
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Oct. 2 (/!>). — A
"flaming crusade" by the churches
lor peace was proposed tonight by
Secretary Hull as Italian war drums
sounded on' Ethiopian borders.
The Secretary of State made his
suggestion in a speech before a mass
meeting held under auspices of the
Committee on Religions Life in the
nation's capital. An hour or so ear
lier, President Roosevelt in San
Diego had told the country that the
United States was determined to
avoid perils to peace and remain un
entangled and free.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 2 (/!>). — A
"flaming crusade" by the churches
lor peace was proposed tonight by
Secretary Hull as Italian war drums
sounded on' Ethiopian borders.
The Secretary of State made his
suggestion in a speech before a mass
meeting held under auspices of the
Committee on Religions Life in the
nation's capital. An hour or so ear
lier, President Roosevelt in San
Diego had told the country that the
United States was determined to
avoid perils to peace and remain un
entangled and free.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 2 (/!>). — A
"flaming crusade" by the churches
lor peace was proposed tonight by
Secretary Hull as Italian war drums
sounded on' Ethiopian borders.
The Secretary of State made his
suggestion in a speech before a mass
meeting held under auspices of the
Committee on Religions Life in the
nation's capital. An hour or so ear
lier, President Roosevelt in San
Diego had told the country that the
United States was determined to
avoid perils to peace and remain un
entangled and free.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 2 (/!>). — A
"flaming crusade" by the churches
lor peace was proposed tonight by
Secretary Hull as Italian war drums
sounded on' Ethiopian borders.
The Secretary of State made his
suggestion in a speech before a mass
meeting held under auspices of the
Committee on Religions Life in the
nation's capital. An hour or so ear
lier, President Roosevelt in San
Diego had told the country that the
United States was determined to
avoid perils to peace and remain un
entangled and free.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 2 (/!>). — A
"flaming crusade" by the churches
lor peace was proposed tonight by
Secretary Hull as Italian war drums
sounded on' Ethiopian borders.
The Secretary of State made his
suggestion in a speech before a mass
meeting held under auspices of the
Committee on Religions Life in the
nation's capital. An hour or so ear
lier, President Roosevelt in San
Diego had told the country that the
United States was determined to
avoid perils to peace and remain un
entangled and free.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 2 (/!>). — A
"flaming crusade" by the churches
lor peace was proposed tonight by
Secretary Hull as Italian war drums
sounded on' Ethiopian borders.
The Secretary of State made his
suggestion in a speech before a mass
meeting held under auspices of the
Committee on Religions Life in the
nation's capital. An hour or so ear
lier, President Roosevelt in San
Diego had told the country that the
United States was determined to
avoid perils to peace and remain un
entangled and free.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 2 (/!>). — A
"flaming crusade" by the churches
lor peace was proposed tonight by
Secretary Hull as Italian war drums
sounded on' Ethiopian borders.
The Secretary of State made his
suggestion in a speech before a mass
meeting held under auspices of the
Committee on Religions Life in the
nation's capital. An hour or so ear
lier, President Roosevelt in San
Diego had told the country that the
United States was determined to
avoid perils to peace and remain un
entangled and free.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 2 (/!>). — A
"flaming crusade" by the churches
lor peace was proposed tonight by
Secretary Hull as Italian war drums
sounded on' Ethiopian borders.
The Secretary of State made his
suggestion in a speech before a mass
meeting held under auspices of the
Committee on Religions Life in the
nation's capital. An hour or so ear
lier, President Roosevelt in San
Diego had told the country that the
United States was determined to
avoid perils to peace and remain un
entangled and free.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 2 (/!>). — A
"flaming crusade" by the churches
lor peace was proposed tonight by
Secretary Hull as Italian war drums
sounded on' Ethiopian borders.
The Secretary of State made his
suggestion in a speech before a mass
meeting held under auspices of the
Committee on Religions Life in the
nation's capital. An hour or so ear
lier, President Roosevelt in San
Diego had told the country that the
United States was determined to
avoid perils to peace and remain un
entangled and free.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 2 (/!>). — A
"flaming crusade" by the churches
lor peace was proposed tonight by
Secretary Hull as Italian war drums
sounded on' Ethiopian borders.
The Secretary of State made his
suggestion in a speech before a mass
meeting held under auspices of the
Committee on Religions Life in the
nation's capital. An hour or so ear
lier, President Roosevelt in San
Diego had told the country that the
United States was determined to
avoid perils to peace and remain un
entangled and free.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 2 (/!>). — A
"flaming crusade" by the churches
lor peace was proposed tonight by
Secretary Hull as Italian war drums
sounded on' Ethiopian borders.
The Secretary of State made his
suggestion in a speech before a mass
meeting held under auspices of the
Committee on Religions Life in the
nation's capital. An hour or so ear
lier, President Roosevelt in San
Diego had told the country that the
United States was determined to
avoid perils to peace and remain un
entangled and free.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 2 (/!>). — A
"flaming crusade" by the churches
lor peace was proposed tonight by
Secretary Hull as Italian war drums
sounded on' Ethiopian borders.
The Secretary of State made his
suggestion in a speech before a mass
meeting held under auspices of the
Committee on Religions Life in the
nation's capital. An hour or so ear
lier, President Roosevelt in San
Diego had told the country that the
United States was determined to
avoid perils to peace and remain un
entangled and free.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 2 (/!>). — A
"flaming crusade" by the churches
lor peace was proposed tonight by
Secretary Hull as Italian war drums
sounded on' Ethiopian borders.
The Secretary of State made his
suggestion in a speech before a mass
meeting held under auspices of the
Committee on Religions Life in the
nation's capital. An hour or so ear
lier, President Roosevelt in San
Diego had told the country that the
United States was determined to
avoid perils to peace and remain un
entangled and free.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 2 (/!>). — A
"flaming crusade" by the churches
lor peace was proposed tonight by
Secretary Hull as Italian war drums
sounded on' Ethiopian borders.
The Secretary of State made his
suggestion in a speech before a mass
meeting held under auspices of the
Committee on Religions Life in the
nation's capital. An hour or so ear
lier, President Roosevelt in San
Diego had told the country that the
United States was determined to
avoid perils to peace and remain un
entangled and free.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 2 (/!>). — A
"flaming crusade" by the churches
lor peace was proposed tonight by
Secretary Hull as Italian war drums
sounded on' Ethiopian borders.
The Secretary of State made his
suggestion in a speech before a mass
meeting held under auspices of the
Committee on Religions Life in the
nation's capital. An hour or so ear
lier, President Roosevelt in San
Diego had told the country that the
United States was determined to
avoid perils to peace and remain un
entangled and free.
