# BRITISH FLY TO EGYPT
## 
### 
ATHENS, Oct. 2 (/P).—Five British
bombing planes flew over Candia,
Crete, this morning in the direction
of Alexandria.
ATHENS, Oct. 2 (/P).—Five British
bombing planes flew over Candia,
Crete, this morning in the direction
of Alexandria.
ATHENS, Oct. 2 (/P).—Five British
bombing planes flew over Candia,
Crete, this morning in the direction
of Alexandria.
ATHENS, Oct. 2 (/P).—Five British
bombing planes flew over Candia,
Crete, this morning in the direction
of Alexandria.
ATHENS, Oct. 2 (/P).—Five British
bombing planes flew over Candia,
Crete, this morning in the direction
of Alexandria.
ATHENS, Oct. 2 (/P).—Five British
bombing planes flew over Candia,
Crete, this morning in the direction
of Alexandria.
ATHENS, Oct. 2 (/P).—Five British
bombing planes flew over Candia,
Crete, this morning in the direction
of Alexandria.
ATHENS, Oct. 2 (/P).—Five British
bombing planes flew over Candia,
Crete, this morning in the direction
of Alexandria.
ATHENS, Oct. 2 (/P).—Five British
bombing planes flew over Candia,
Crete, this morning in the direction
of Alexandria.
ATHENS, Oct. 2 (/P).—Five British
bombing planes flew over Candia,
Crete, this morning in the direction
of Alexandria.
ATHENS, Oct. 2 (/P).—Five British
bombing planes flew over Candia,
Crete, this morning in the direction
of Alexandria.
ATHENS, Oct. 2 (/P).—Five British
bombing planes flew over Candia,
Crete, this morning in the direction
of Alexandria.
ATHENS, Oct. 2 (/P).—Five British
bombing planes flew over Candia,
Crete, this morning in the direction
of Alexandria.
ATHENS, Oct. 2 (/P).—Five British
bombing planes flew over Candia,
Crete, this morning in the direction
of Alexandria.
ATHENS, Oct. 2 (/P).—Five British
bombing planes flew over Candia,
Crete, this morning in the direction
of Alexandria.
