# Adv. 12 Page 7
## 
### 
Assistant sought for 10 hr/wk
$9 -12 / hr; errands, e-mail
assistant.wanted@gmail.com
Marriott Residence Inn Palo Alto
Hotel Front Desk Agent
Part-Time and Full-time avail.
Call Evelyn at 650-559-7890
ri.paori.gm@marriott.com
Earn $2500 +monthly and more to
type simple ads online,
www.DataEntryTypers.com
Part-time Shipping & Receiving
Close to campus - email resume
aew2@askergworks.com or call
Dave (650) 322-9775
Room for rent in San Carlos w/
private entrance in safe family home
call: 650-508-9431
Free Therapy for Social Anxiety
Treatment Study @ Stanford
723-5977;caan@psych.stanford.edu
www. psych .Stanford. edu/~ caan
Psychic gianna love Specialist
tell past present & future also
reunites loved ones 877-397-7135
www.giannapsychic.com
WRITING CONSULTANT
Got a deadline? Need to write an
application, speech, essay,
