# Chamber Music Concert Offered
## 
### 
The sixth concert in the current
Chamber Music Series being offered
by the Stanford Department of Mu
sic will be presented in Cubbcrley
Auditorium Sunday at 4 p.m.
Prepared under the direction of
Sandor Salgo with the assistance of
Harold C. Schmidt and Putnam C.
Aldrich, the program will include
performances by a 12-voice choral
ensemble with accompaniment by a
six-piece string ensemble, solo and
string quartet numbers, and inter
pretations by a string ensemble of
16 pieces.
Music to be heard will includc
Sonnet 134 of Petrarch by Monte
verdi; Beethoven's Quartet for
Strings, Op. 135; and Concerto in A
Minor for two violins and strings by
Vivaldi.
