# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Stillman House announce*, the
sngagement of Pat Vandercook, '52,
to Roger Gsenl>augh, '52, I'hi I' i
Stillman House announce*, the
sngagement of Pat Vandercook, '52,
to Roger Gsenl>augh, '52, I'hi I' i
Stillman House announce*, the
sngagement of Pat Vandercook, '52,
to Roger Gsenl>augh, '52, I'hi I' i
Stillman House announce*, the
sngagement of Pat Vandercook, '52,
to Roger Gsenl>augh, '52, I'hi I' i
Stillman House announce*, the
sngagement of Pat Vandercook, '52,
to Roger Gsenl>augh, '52, I'hi I' i
Stillman House announce*, the
sngagement of Pat Vandercook, '52,
to Roger Gsenl>augh, '52, I'hi I' i
Stillman House announce*, the
sngagement of Pat Vandercook, '52,
to Roger Gsenl>augh, '52, I'hi I' i
Stillman House announce*, the
sngagement of Pat Vandercook, '52,
to Roger Gsenl>augh, '52, I'hi I' i
Stillman House announce*, the
sngagement of Pat Vandercook, '52,
to Roger Gsenl>augh, '52, I'hi I' i
Stillman House announce*, the
sngagement of Pat Vandercook, '52,
to Roger Gsenl>augh, '52, I'hi I' i
Stillman House announce*, the
sngagement of Pat Vandercook, '52,
to Roger Gsenl>augh, '52, I'hi I' i
Stillman House announce*, the
sngagement of Pat Vandercook, '52,
to Roger Gsenl>augh, '52, I'hi I' i
Stillman House announce*, the
sngagement of Pat Vandercook, '52,
to Roger Gsenl>augh, '52, I'hi I' i
Stillman House announce*, the
sngagement of Pat Vandercook, '52,
to Roger Gsenl>augh, '52, I'hi I' i
Stillman House announce*, the
sngagement of Pat Vandercook, '52,
to Roger Gsenl>augh, '52, I'hi I' i
Stillman House announce*, the
sngagement of Pat Vandercook, '52,
to Roger Gsenl>augh, '52, I'hi I' i
