# AWS Seeks Treasurer
## 
### 
Ad AWS Ircasiirri' will he cho
sen from interviews held today
from II to 12 on tin* third four
(if the Woi»"n's (Jiil.housc. No
special experience is nre»»w«r,v,
and wonirn from f'e fresliman,
sophomore, or junior classes may
apply.
Ad AWS Ircasiirri' will he cho
sen from interviews held today
from II to 12 on tin* third four
(if the Woi»"n's (Jiil.housc. No
special experience is nre»»w«r,v,
and wonirn from f'e fresliman,
sophomore, or junior classes may
apply.
Ad AWS Ircasiirri' will he cho
sen from interviews held today
from II to 12 on tin* third four
(if the Woi»"n's (Jiil.housc. No
special experience is nre»»w«r,v,
and wonirn from f'e fresliman,
sophomore, or junior classes may
apply.
Ad AWS Ircasiirri' will he cho
sen from interviews held today
from II to 12 on tin* third four
(if the Woi»"n's (Jiil.housc. No
special experience is nre»»w«r,v,
and wonirn from f'e fresliman,
sophomore, or junior classes may
apply.
Ad AWS Ircasiirri' will he cho
sen from interviews held today
from II to 12 on tin* third four
(if the Woi»"n's (Jiil.housc. No
special experience is nre»»w«r,v,
and wonirn from f'e fresliman,
sophomore, or junior classes may
apply.
Ad AWS Ircasiirri' will he cho
sen from interviews held today
from II to 12 on tin* third four
(if the Woi»"n's (Jiil.housc. No
special experience is nre»»w«r,v,
and wonirn from f'e fresliman,
sophomore, or junior classes may
apply.
Ad AWS Ircasiirri' will he cho
sen from interviews held today
from II to 12 on tin* third four
(if the Woi»"n's (Jiil.housc. No
special experience is nre»»w«r,v,
and wonirn from f'e fresliman,
sophomore, or junior classes may
apply.
Ad AWS Ircasiirri' will he cho
sen from interviews held today
from II to 12 on tin* third four
(if the Woi»"n's (Jiil.housc. No
special experience is nre»»w«r,v,
and wonirn from f'e fresliman,
sophomore, or junior classes may
apply.
Ad AWS Ircasiirri' will he cho
sen from interviews held today
from II to 12 on tin* third four
(if the Woi»"n's (Jiil.housc. No
special experience is nre»»w«r,v,
and wonirn from f'e fresliman,
sophomore, or junior classes may
apply.
Ad AWS Ircasiirri' will he cho
sen from interviews held today
from II to 12 on tin* third four
(if the Woi»"n's (Jiil.housc. No
special experience is nre»»w«r,v,
and wonirn from f'e fresliman,
sophomore, or junior classes may
apply.
Ad AWS Ircasiirri' will he cho
sen from interviews held today
from II to 12 on tin* third four
(if the Woi»"n's (Jiil.housc. No
special experience is nre»»w«r,v,
and wonirn from f'e fresliman,
sophomore, or junior classes may
apply.
Ad AWS Ircasiirri' will he cho
sen from interviews held today
from II to 12 on tin* third four
(if the Woi»"n's (Jiil.housc. No
special experience is nre»»w«r,v,
and wonirn from f'e fresliman,
sophomore, or junior classes may
apply.
Ad AWS Ircasiirri' will he cho
sen from interviews held today
from II to 12 on tin* third four
(if the Woi»"n's (Jiil.housc. No
special experience is nre»»w«r,v,
and wonirn from f'e fresliman,
sophomore, or junior classes may
apply.
Ad AWS Ircasiirri' will he cho
sen from interviews held today
from II to 12 on tin* third four
(if the Woi»"n's (Jiil.housc. No
special experience is nre»»w«r,v,
and wonirn from f'e fresliman,
sophomore, or junior classes may
apply.
Ad AWS Ircasiirri' will he cho
sen from interviews held today
from II to 12 on tin* third four
(if the Woi»"n's (Jiil.housc. No
special experience is nre»»w«r,v,
and wonirn from f'e fresliman,
sophomore, or junior classes may
apply.
Ad AWS Ircasiirri' will he cho
sen from interviews held today
from II to 12 on tin* third four
(if the Woi»"n's (Jiil.housc. No
special experience is nre»»w«r,v,
and wonirn from f'e fresliman,
sophomore, or junior classes may
apply.
