# Hellman Apologizes to Oppenheim.
## 
### 
Morri6oppenheim,'os,when inter
viewed this morning in regard to
his recent encounter with Sam
Hellman, editor of the Daily Cali
fornian, stated that he had gone to
Berkeley Friday afternoon and had
received an apology from the Cali
fornia editor. Hellman also prom
ised to publish an apology in the
Daily Californian.
When asked if he had been sum
monedjbefore the University author
ities for his action Oppenheim
replied in the negative. He stated
that President Jordan had told
him that the University authorities
would take no cognizance of the af
fair, as it was purely a personal
matter.
An editorial in last Wednesday's
Daily Californian, criticizing Op
penheim because of his apology for
certain statements in the last num
ber of the Chaparral, was the cause
of the trouble between the two edi
tors.
Morri6oppenheim,'os,when inter
viewed this morning in regard to
his recent encounter with Sam
Hellman, editor of the Daily Cali
fornian, stated that he had gone to
Berkeley Friday afternoon and had
received an apology from the Cali
fornia editor. Hellman also prom
ised to publish an apology in the
Daily Californian.
When asked if he had been sum
monedjbefore the University author
ities for his action Oppenheim
replied in the negative. He stated
that President Jordan had told
him that the University authorities
would take no cognizance of the af
fair, as it was purely a personal
matter.
An editorial in last Wednesday's
Daily Californian, criticizing Op
penheim because of his apology for
certain statements in the last num
ber of the Chaparral, was the cause
of the trouble between the two edi
tors.
Morri6oppenheim,'os,when inter
viewed this morning in regard to
his recent encounter with Sam
Hellman, editor of the Daily Cali
fornian, stated that he had gone to
Berkeley Friday afternoon and had
received an apology from the Cali
fornia editor. Hellman also prom
ised to publish an apology in the
Daily Californian.
When asked if he had been sum
monedjbefore the University author
ities for his action Oppenheim
replied in the negative. He stated
that President Jordan had told
him that the University authorities
would take no cognizance of the af
fair, as it was purely a personal
matter.
An editorial in last Wednesday's
Daily Californian, criticizing Op
penheim because of his apology for
certain statements in the last num
ber of the Chaparral, was the cause
of the trouble between the two edi
tors.
Morri6oppenheim,'os,when inter
viewed this morning in regard to
his recent encounter with Sam
Hellman, editor of the Daily Cali
fornian, stated that he had gone to
Berkeley Friday afternoon and had
received an apology from the Cali
fornia editor. Hellman also prom
ised to publish an apology in the
Daily Californian.
When asked if he had been sum
monedjbefore the University author
ities for his action Oppenheim
replied in the negative. He stated
that President Jordan had told
him that the University authorities
would take no cognizance of the af
fair, as it was purely a personal
matter.
An editorial in last Wednesday's
Daily Californian, criticizing Op
penheim because of his apology for
certain statements in the last num
ber of the Chaparral, was the cause
of the trouble between the two edi
tors.
Morri6oppenheim,'os,when inter
viewed this morning in regard to
his recent encounter with Sam
Hellman, editor of the Daily Cali
fornian, stated that he had gone to
Berkeley Friday afternoon and had
received an apology from the Cali
fornia editor. Hellman also prom
ised to publish an apology in the
Daily Californian.
When asked if he had been sum
monedjbefore the University author
ities for his action Oppenheim
replied in the negative. He stated
that President Jordan had told
him that the University authorities
would take no cognizance of the af
fair, as it was purely a personal
matter.
An editorial in last Wednesday's
Daily Californian, criticizing Op
penheim because of his apology for
certain statements in the last num
ber of the Chaparral, was the cause
of the trouble between the two edi
tors.
Morri6oppenheim,'os,when inter
viewed this morning in regard to
his recent encounter with Sam
Hellman, editor of the Daily Cali
fornian, stated that he had gone to
Berkeley Friday afternoon and had
received an apology from the Cali
fornia editor. Hellman also prom
ised to publish an apology in the
Daily Californian.
When asked if he had been sum
monedjbefore the University author
ities for his action Oppenheim
replied in the negative. He stated
that President Jordan had told
him that the University authorities
would take no cognizance of the af
fair, as it was purely a personal
matter.
An editorial in last Wednesday's
Daily Californian, criticizing Op
penheim because of his apology for
certain statements in the last num
ber of the Chaparral, was the cause
of the trouble between the two edi
tors.
Morri6oppenheim,'os,when inter
viewed this morning in regard to
his recent encounter with Sam
Hellman, editor of the Daily Cali
fornian, stated that he had gone to
Berkeley Friday afternoon and had
received an apology from the Cali
fornia editor. Hellman also prom
ised to publish an apology in the
Daily Californian.
When asked if he had been sum
monedjbefore the University author
ities for his action Oppenheim
replied in the negative. He stated
that President Jordan had told
him that the University authorities
would take no cognizance of the af
fair, as it was purely a personal
matter.
An editorial in last Wednesday's
Daily Californian, criticizing Op
penheim because of his apology for
certain statements in the last num
ber of the Chaparral, was the cause
of the trouble between the two edi
tors.
Morri6oppenheim,'os,when inter
viewed this morning in regard to
his recent encounter with Sam
Hellman, editor of the Daily Cali
fornian, stated that he had gone to
Berkeley Friday afternoon and had
received an apology from the Cali
fornia editor. Hellman also prom
ised to publish an apology in the
Daily Californian.
When asked if he had been sum
monedjbefore the University author
ities for his action Oppenheim
replied in the negative. He stated
that President Jordan had told
him that the University authorities
would take no cognizance of the af
fair, as it was purely a personal
matter.
An editorial in last Wednesday's
Daily Californian, criticizing Op
penheim because of his apology for
certain statements in the last num
ber of the Chaparral, was the cause
of the trouble between the two edi
tors.
Morri6oppenheim,'os,when inter
viewed this morning in regard to
his recent encounter with Sam
Hellman, editor of the Daily Cali
fornian, stated that he had gone to
Berkeley Friday afternoon and had
received an apology from the Cali
fornia editor. Hellman also prom
ised to publish an apology in the
Daily Californian.
When asked if he had been sum
monedjbefore the University author
ities for his action Oppenheim
replied in the negative. He stated
that President Jordan had told
him that the University authorities
would take no cognizance of the af
fair, as it was purely a personal
matter.
An editorial in last Wednesday's
Daily Californian, criticizing Op
penheim because of his apology for
certain statements in the last num
ber of the Chaparral, was the cause
of the trouble between the two edi
tors.
