# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The Junior Farce Committee met
last Wednesday afternoon and de
cided to offer thirty dollars for the
best farce or musical comedy sub
mitted by February 16th. This
notice may very well suit the con
venience of anyone who is so fortu
nate as to have on hand a farce or
musical comedy rejected in previ
ous years, or of anyone whose in
tuitive faculty might have fore
warned him of exactly what the
committee would desire; but the
unfortunate individual who was so
modest as to await the official an
nouncement is most likely to be
very much embarrassed by the
briefness of the time allowed him
for the preparation of his master
piece.
No student has ever produced a
respectable farce or musical comedy
in eight days, and it is not likely
that the 1907 Farce Committee will
have the good fortune to encounter
the owner of such a manuscript,
begun after the contest was an
nounced and the conditions stated.
A Clyde Fitch, a George Ade, or a
Reginald de Koven could hardly be
expected to put even the finishing
touches on a farce or musical com
edy in eight days.
The Junior Farce Committee met
last Wednesday afternoon and de
cided to offer thirty dollars for the
best farce or musical comedy sub
mitted by February 16th. This
notice may very well suit the con
venience of anyone who is so fortu
nate as to have on hand a farce or
musical comedy rejected in previ
ous years, or of anyone whose in
tuitive faculty might have fore
warned him of exactly what the
committee would desire; but the
unfortunate individual who was so
modest as to await the official an
nouncement is most likely to be
very much embarrassed by the
briefness of the time allowed him
for the preparation of his master
piece.
No student has ever produced a
respectable farce or musical comedy
in eight days, and it is not likely
that the 1907 Farce Committee will
have the good fortune to encounter
the owner of such a manuscript,
begun after the contest was an
nounced and the conditions stated.
A Clyde Fitch, a George Ade, or a
Reginald de Koven could hardly be
expected to put even the finishing
touches on a farce or musical com
edy in eight days.
The Junior Farce Committee met
last Wednesday afternoon and de
cided to offer thirty dollars for the
best farce or musical comedy sub
mitted by February 16th. This
notice may very well suit the con
venience of anyone who is so fortu
nate as to have on hand a farce or
musical comedy rejected in previ
ous years, or of anyone whose in
tuitive faculty might have fore
warned him of exactly what the
committee would desire; but the
unfortunate individual who was so
modest as to await the official an
nouncement is most likely to be
very much embarrassed by the
briefness of the time allowed him
for the preparation of his master
piece.
No student has ever produced a
respectable farce or musical comedy
in eight days, and it is not likely
that the 1907 Farce Committee will
have the good fortune to encounter
the owner of such a manuscript,
begun after the contest was an
nounced and the conditions stated.
A Clyde Fitch, a George Ade, or a
Reginald de Koven could hardly be
expected to put even the finishing
touches on a farce or musical com
edy in eight days.
The Junior Farce Committee met
last Wednesday afternoon and de
cided to offer thirty dollars for the
best farce or musical comedy sub
mitted by February 16th. This
notice may very well suit the con
venience of anyone who is so fortu
nate as to have on hand a farce or
musical comedy rejected in previ
ous years, or of anyone whose in
tuitive faculty might have fore
warned him of exactly what the
committee would desire; but the
unfortunate individual who was so
modest as to await the official an
nouncement is most likely to be
very much embarrassed by the
briefness of the time allowed him
for the preparation of his master
piece.
No student has ever produced a
respectable farce or musical comedy
in eight days, and it is not likely
that the 1907 Farce Committee will
have the good fortune to encounter
the owner of such a manuscript,
begun after the contest was an
nounced and the conditions stated.
A Clyde Fitch, a George Ade, or a
Reginald de Koven could hardly be
expected to put even the finishing
touches on a farce or musical com
edy in eight days.
The Junior Farce Committee met
last Wednesday afternoon and de
cided to offer thirty dollars for the
best farce or musical comedy sub
mitted by February 16th. This
notice may very well suit the con
venience of anyone who is so fortu
nate as to have on hand a farce or
musical comedy rejected in previ
ous years, or of anyone whose in
tuitive faculty might have fore
warned him of exactly what the
committee would desire; but the
unfortunate individual who was so
modest as to await the official an
nouncement is most likely to be
very much embarrassed by the
briefness of the time allowed him
for the preparation of his master
piece.
No student has ever produced a
respectable farce or musical comedy
in eight days, and it is not likely
that the 1907 Farce Committee will
have the good fortune to encounter
the owner of such a manuscript,
begun after the contest was an
nounced and the conditions stated.
A Clyde Fitch, a George Ade, or a
Reginald de Koven could hardly be
expected to put even the finishing
touches on a farce or musical com
edy in eight days.
The Junior Farce Committee met
last Wednesday afternoon and de
cided to offer thirty dollars for the
best farce or musical comedy sub
mitted by February 16th. This
notice may very well suit the con
venience of anyone who is so fortu
nate as to have on hand a farce or
musical comedy rejected in previ
ous years, or of anyone whose in
tuitive faculty might have fore
warned him of exactly what the
committee would desire; but the
unfortunate individual who was so
modest as to await the official an
nouncement is most likely to be
very much embarrassed by the
briefness of the time allowed him
for the preparation of his master
piece.
No student has ever produced a
respectable farce or musical comedy
in eight days, and it is not likely
that the 1907 Farce Committee will
have the good fortune to encounter
the owner of such a manuscript,
begun after the contest was an
nounced and the conditions stated.
A Clyde Fitch, a George Ade, or a
Reginald de Koven could hardly be
expected to put even the finishing
touches on a farce or musical com
edy in eight days.
The Junior Farce Committee met
last Wednesday afternoon and de
cided to offer thirty dollars for the
best farce or musical comedy sub
mitted by February 16th. This
notice may very well suit the con
venience of anyone who is so fortu
nate as to have on hand a farce or
musical comedy rejected in previ
ous years, or of anyone whose in
tuitive faculty might have fore
warned him of exactly what the
committee would desire; but the
unfortunate individual who was so
modest as to await the official an
nouncement is most likely to be
very much embarrassed by the
briefness of the time allowed him
for the preparation of his master
piece.
No student has ever produced a
respectable farce or musical comedy
in eight days, and it is not likely
that the 1907 Farce Committee will
have the good fortune to encounter
the owner of such a manuscript,
begun after the contest was an
nounced and the conditions stated.
A Clyde Fitch, a George Ade, or a
Reginald de Koven could hardly be
expected to put even the finishing
touches on a farce or musical com
edy in eight days.
The Junior Farce Committee met
last Wednesday afternoon and de
cided to offer thirty dollars for the
best farce or musical comedy sub
mitted by February 16th. This
notice may very well suit the con
venience of anyone who is so fortu
nate as to have on hand a farce or
musical comedy rejected in previ
ous years, or of anyone whose in
tuitive faculty might have fore
warned him of exactly what the
committee would desire; but the
unfortunate individual who was so
modest as to await the official an
nouncement is most likely to be
very much embarrassed by the
briefness of the time allowed him
for the preparation of his master
piece.
No student has ever produced a
respectable farce or musical comedy
in eight days, and it is not likely
that the 1907 Farce Committee will
have the good fortune to encounter
the owner of such a manuscript,
begun after the contest was an
nounced and the conditions stated.
A Clyde Fitch, a George Ade, or a
Reginald de Koven could hardly be
expected to put even the finishing
touches on a farce or musical com
edy in eight days.
The Junior Farce Committee met
last Wednesday afternoon and de
cided to offer thirty dollars for the
best farce or musical comedy sub
mitted by February 16th. This
notice may very well suit the con
venience of anyone who is so fortu
nate as to have on hand a farce or
musical comedy rejected in previ
ous years, or of anyone whose in
tuitive faculty might have fore
warned him of exactly what the
committee would desire; but the
unfortunate individual who was so
modest as to await the official an
nouncement is most likely to be
very much embarrassed by the
briefness of the time allowed him
for the preparation of his master
piece.
No student has ever produced a
respectable farce or musical comedy
in eight days, and it is not likely
that the 1907 Farce Committee will
have the good fortune to encounter
the owner of such a manuscript,
begun after the contest was an
nounced and the conditions stated.
A Clyde Fitch, a George Ade, or a
Reginald de Koven could hardly be
expected to put even the finishing
touches on a farce or musical com
edy in eight days.
