# CHI PSI PLEDGE
## 
### 
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Moyle, '40,
to Chi Psi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Moyle, '40,
to Chi Psi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Moyle, '40,
to Chi Psi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Moyle, '40,
to Chi Psi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Moyle, '40,
to Chi Psi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Moyle, '40,
to Chi Psi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Moyle, '40,
to Chi Psi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Moyle, '40,
to Chi Psi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Moyle, '40,
to Chi Psi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Moyle, '40,
to Chi Psi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Moyle, '40,
to Chi Psi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Moyle, '40,
to Chi Psi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Moyle, '40,
to Chi Psi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Moyle, '40,
to Chi Psi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Moyle, '40,
to Chi Psi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Moyle, '40,
to Chi Psi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Moyle, '40,
to Chi Psi.
