# GOING DOWN
## 
### 
Two large trees now resting in
front of Memorial Theater will be
uncrated and planted some time this
week.
Two large trees now resting in
front of Memorial Theater will be
uncrated and planted some time this
week.
Two large trees now resting in
front of Memorial Theater will be
uncrated and planted some time this
week.
Two large trees now resting in
front of Memorial Theater will be
uncrated and planted some time this
week.
Two large trees now resting in
front of Memorial Theater will be
uncrated and planted some time this
week.
Two large trees now resting in
front of Memorial Theater will be
uncrated and planted some time this
week.
Two large trees now resting in
front of Memorial Theater will be
uncrated and planted some time this
week.
Two large trees now resting in
front of Memorial Theater will be
uncrated and planted some time this
week.
Two large trees now resting in
front of Memorial Theater will be
uncrated and planted some time this
week.
Two large trees now resting in
front of Memorial Theater will be
uncrated and planted some time this
week.
Two large trees now resting in
front of Memorial Theater will be
uncrated and planted some time this
week.
Two large trees now resting in
front of Memorial Theater will be
uncrated and planted some time this
week.
Two large trees now resting in
front of Memorial Theater will be
uncrated and planted some time this
week.
Two large trees now resting in
front of Memorial Theater will be
uncrated and planted some time this
week.
Two large trees now resting in
front of Memorial Theater will be
uncrated and planted some time this
week.
Two large trees now resting in
front of Memorial Theater will be
uncrated and planted some time this
week.
Two large trees now resting in
front of Memorial Theater will be
uncrated and planted some time this
week.
