# Quad Staff Issues Rosters- Contracts
## 
### 
All organizations whose accounts
arc handled through the A.S.S.U.
office are requested by the Quad
staff to get roster sheets and con
tracts for space in the annual pub
lication at the A.S.S.U. office.
Since the editorial staff of the
Quad must know early in the year
what organizations will be repre
sented in the Quad, the managers
of the various organizations are
asked to get the rosters and con
tracts immediately, fill them out,
and return to the Quad office.
All organizations whose accounts
arc handled through the A.S.S.U.
office are requested by the Quad
staff to get roster sheets and con
tracts for space in the annual pub
lication at the A.S.S.U. office.
Since the editorial staff of the
Quad must know early in the year
what organizations will be repre
sented in the Quad, the managers
of the various organizations are
asked to get the rosters and con
tracts immediately, fill them out,
and return to the Quad office.
All organizations whose accounts
arc handled through the A.S.S.U.
office are requested by the Quad
staff to get roster sheets and con
tracts for space in the annual pub
lication at the A.S.S.U. office.
Since the editorial staff of the
Quad must know early in the year
what organizations will be repre
sented in the Quad, the managers
of the various organizations are
asked to get the rosters and con
tracts immediately, fill them out,
and return to the Quad office.
All organizations whose accounts
arc handled through the A.S.S.U.
office are requested by the Quad
staff to get roster sheets and con
tracts for space in the annual pub
lication at the A.S.S.U. office.
Since the editorial staff of the
Quad must know early in the year
what organizations will be repre
sented in the Quad, the managers
of the various organizations are
asked to get the rosters and con
tracts immediately, fill them out,
and return to the Quad office.
All organizations whose accounts
arc handled through the A.S.S.U.
office are requested by the Quad
staff to get roster sheets and con
tracts for space in the annual pub
lication at the A.S.S.U. office.
Since the editorial staff of the
Quad must know early in the year
what organizations will be repre
sented in the Quad, the managers
of the various organizations are
asked to get the rosters and con
tracts immediately, fill them out,
and return to the Quad office.
All organizations whose accounts
arc handled through the A.S.S.U.
office are requested by the Quad
staff to get roster sheets and con
tracts for space in the annual pub
lication at the A.S.S.U. office.
Since the editorial staff of the
Quad must know early in the year
what organizations will be repre
sented in the Quad, the managers
of the various organizations are
asked to get the rosters and con
tracts immediately, fill them out,
and return to the Quad office.
All organizations whose accounts
arc handled through the A.S.S.U.
office are requested by the Quad
staff to get roster sheets and con
tracts for space in the annual pub
lication at the A.S.S.U. office.
Since the editorial staff of the
Quad must know early in the year
what organizations will be repre
sented in the Quad, the managers
of the various organizations are
asked to get the rosters and con
tracts immediately, fill them out,
and return to the Quad office.
All organizations whose accounts
arc handled through the A.S.S.U.
office are requested by the Quad
staff to get roster sheets and con
tracts for space in the annual pub
lication at the A.S.S.U. office.
Since the editorial staff of the
Quad must know early in the year
what organizations will be repre
sented in the Quad, the managers
of the various organizations are
asked to get the rosters and con
tracts immediately, fill them out,
and return to the Quad office.
All organizations whose accounts
arc handled through the A.S.S.U.
office are requested by the Quad
staff to get roster sheets and con
tracts for space in the annual pub
lication at the A.S.S.U. office.
Since the editorial staff of the
Quad must know early in the year
what organizations will be repre
sented in the Quad, the managers
of the various organizations are
asked to get the rosters and con
tracts immediately, fill them out,
and return to the Quad office.
All organizations whose accounts
arc handled through the A.S.S.U.
office are requested by the Quad
staff to get roster sheets and con
tracts for space in the annual pub
lication at the A.S.S.U. office.
Since the editorial staff of the
Quad must know early in the year
what organizations will be repre
sented in the Quad, the managers
of the various organizations are
asked to get the rosters and con
tracts immediately, fill them out,
and return to the Quad office.
All organizations whose accounts
arc handled through the A.S.S.U.
office are requested by the Quad
staff to get roster sheets and con
tracts for space in the annual pub
lication at the A.S.S.U. office.
Since the editorial staff of the
Quad must know early in the year
what organizations will be repre
sented in the Quad, the managers
of the various organizations are
asked to get the rosters and con
tracts immediately, fill them out,
and return to the Quad office.
All organizations whose accounts
arc handled through the A.S.S.U.
office are requested by the Quad
staff to get roster sheets and con
tracts for space in the annual pub
lication at the A.S.S.U. office.
Since the editorial staff of the
Quad must know early in the year
what organizations will be repre
sented in the Quad, the managers
of the various organizations are
asked to get the rosters and con
tracts immediately, fill them out,
and return to the Quad office.
All organizations whose accounts
arc handled through the A.S.S.U.
office are requested by the Quad
staff to get roster sheets and con
tracts for space in the annual pub
lication at the A.S.S.U. office.
Since the editorial staff of the
Quad must know early in the year
what organizations will be repre
sented in the Quad, the managers
of the various organizations are
asked to get the rosters and con
tracts immediately, fill them out,
and return to the Quad office.
All organizations whose accounts
arc handled through the A.S.S.U.
office are requested by the Quad
staff to get roster sheets and con
tracts for space in the annual pub
lication at the A.S.S.U. office.
Since the editorial staff of the
Quad must know early in the year
what organizations will be repre
sented in the Quad, the managers
of the various organizations are
asked to get the rosters and con
tracts immediately, fill them out,
and return to the Quad office.
All organizations whose accounts
arc handled through the A.S.S.U.
office are requested by the Quad
staff to get roster sheets and con
tracts for space in the annual pub
lication at the A.S.S.U. office.
Since the editorial staff of the
Quad must know early in the year
what organizations will be repre
sented in the Quad, the managers
of the various organizations are
asked to get the rosters and con
tracts immediately, fill them out,
and return to the Quad office.
All organizations whose accounts
arc handled through the A.S.S.U.
office are requested by the Quad
staff to get roster sheets and con
tracts for space in the annual pub
lication at the A.S.S.U. office.
Since the editorial staff of the
Quad must know early in the year
what organizations will be repre
sented in the Quad, the managers
of the various organizations are
asked to get the rosters and con
tracts immediately, fill them out,
and return to the Quad office.
All organizations whose accounts
arc handled through the A.S.S.U.
office are requested by the Quad
staff to get roster sheets and con
tracts for space in the annual pub
lication at the A.S.S.U. office.
Since the editorial staff of the
Quad must know early in the year
what organizations will be repre
sented in the Quad, the managers
of the various organizations are
asked to get the rosters and con
tracts immediately, fill them out,
and return to the Quad office.
