# COOLIDGE LAUDS HOOVER'S RECORD
## 
### 

Former President Calvin Coolidge shown as he addressed thousands of Republicans in Madison Square
rarden, New York, in a speech praising the administration of Herbert Hoover and urging his re-election.
(A.P. Telephoto)

Former President Calvin Coolidge shown as he addressed thousands of Republicans in Madison Square
rarden, New York, in a speech praising the administration of Herbert Hoover and urging his re-election.
(A.P. Telephoto)

Former President Calvin Coolidge shown as he addressed thousands of Republicans in Madison Square
rarden, New York, in a speech praising the administration of Herbert Hoover and urging his re-election.
(A.P. Telephoto)

Former President Calvin Coolidge shown as he addressed thousands of Republicans in Madison Square
rarden, New York, in a speech praising the administration of Herbert Hoover and urging his re-election.
(A.P. Telephoto)

Former President Calvin Coolidge shown as he addressed thousands of Republicans in Madison Square
rarden, New York, in a speech praising the administration of Herbert Hoover and urging his re-election.
(A.P. Telephoto)

Former President Calvin Coolidge shown as he addressed thousands of Republicans in Madison Square
rarden, New York, in a speech praising the administration of Herbert Hoover and urging his re-election.
(A.P. Telephoto)

Former President Calvin Coolidge shown as he addressed thousands of Republicans in Madison Square
rarden, New York, in a speech praising the administration of Herbert Hoover and urging his re-election.
(A.P. Telephoto)

Former President Calvin Coolidge shown as he addressed thousands of Republicans in Madison Square
rarden, New York, in a speech praising the administration of Herbert Hoover and urging his re-election.
(A.P. Telephoto)

Former President Calvin Coolidge shown as he addressed thousands of Republicans in Madison Square
rarden, New York, in a speech praising the administration of Herbert Hoover and urging his re-election.
(A.P. Telephoto)

Former President Calvin Coolidge shown as he addressed thousands of Republicans in Madison Square
rarden, New York, in a speech praising the administration of Herbert Hoover and urging his re-election.
(A.P. Telephoto)

Former President Calvin Coolidge shown as he addressed thousands of Republicans in Madison Square
rarden, New York, in a speech praising the administration of Herbert Hoover and urging his re-election.
(A.P. Telephoto)

Former President Calvin Coolidge shown as he addressed thousands of Republicans in Madison Square
rarden, New York, in a speech praising the administration of Herbert Hoover and urging his re-election.
(A.P. Telephoto)

Former President Calvin Coolidge shown as he addressed thousands of Republicans in Madison Square
rarden, New York, in a speech praising the administration of Herbert Hoover and urging his re-election.
(A.P. Telephoto)

Former President Calvin Coolidge shown as he addressed thousands of Republicans in Madison Square
rarden, New York, in a speech praising the administration of Herbert Hoover and urging his re-election.
(A.P. Telephoto)

Former President Calvin Coolidge shown as he addressed thousands of Republicans in Madison Square
rarden, New York, in a speech praising the administration of Herbert Hoover and urging his re-election.
(A.P. Telephoto)

Former President Calvin Coolidge shown as he addressed thousands of Republicans in Madison Square
rarden, New York, in a speech praising the administration of Herbert Hoover and urging his re-election.
(A.P. Telephoto)
