# HOOVER HONORS PAL'S DAD
## 
### 
UPLAND. Oct. 17 (TP)—Day after
tomorrow, Charles E. Harwood will
celebrate his 102 d birthday. Today
he received from President Hoover,
a Stanford University classmate of
his son, Edward C. Hurwood, a let
ter of greetings.
UPLAND. Oct. 17 (TP)—Day after
tomorrow, Charles E. Harwood will
celebrate his 102 d birthday. Today
he received from President Hoover,
a Stanford University classmate of
his son, Edward C. Hurwood, a let
ter of greetings.
UPLAND. Oct. 17 (TP)—Day after
tomorrow, Charles E. Harwood will
celebrate his 102 d birthday. Today
he received from President Hoover,
a Stanford University classmate of
his son, Edward C. Hurwood, a let
ter of greetings.
UPLAND. Oct. 17 (TP)—Day after
tomorrow, Charles E. Harwood will
celebrate his 102 d birthday. Today
he received from President Hoover,
a Stanford University classmate of
his son, Edward C. Hurwood, a let
ter of greetings.
UPLAND. Oct. 17 (TP)—Day after
tomorrow, Charles E. Harwood will
celebrate his 102 d birthday. Today
he received from President Hoover,
a Stanford University classmate of
his son, Edward C. Hurwood, a let
ter of greetings.
UPLAND. Oct. 17 (TP)—Day after
tomorrow, Charles E. Harwood will
celebrate his 102 d birthday. Today
he received from President Hoover,
a Stanford University classmate of
his son, Edward C. Hurwood, a let
ter of greetings.
UPLAND. Oct. 17 (TP)—Day after
tomorrow, Charles E. Harwood will
celebrate his 102 d birthday. Today
he received from President Hoover,
a Stanford University classmate of
his son, Edward C. Hurwood, a let
ter of greetings.
UPLAND. Oct. 17 (TP)—Day after
tomorrow, Charles E. Harwood will
celebrate his 102 d birthday. Today
he received from President Hoover,
a Stanford University classmate of
his son, Edward C. Hurwood, a let
ter of greetings.
UPLAND. Oct. 17 (TP)—Day after
tomorrow, Charles E. Harwood will
celebrate his 102 d birthday. Today
he received from President Hoover,
a Stanford University classmate of
his son, Edward C. Hurwood, a let
ter of greetings.
UPLAND. Oct. 17 (TP)—Day after
tomorrow, Charles E. Harwood will
celebrate his 102 d birthday. Today
he received from President Hoover,
a Stanford University classmate of
his son, Edward C. Hurwood, a let
ter of greetings.
UPLAND. Oct. 17 (TP)—Day after
tomorrow, Charles E. Harwood will
celebrate his 102 d birthday. Today
he received from President Hoover,
a Stanford University classmate of
his son, Edward C. Hurwood, a let
ter of greetings.
UPLAND. Oct. 17 (TP)—Day after
tomorrow, Charles E. Harwood will
celebrate his 102 d birthday. Today
he received from President Hoover,
a Stanford University classmate of
his son, Edward C. Hurwood, a let
ter of greetings.
UPLAND. Oct. 17 (TP)—Day after
tomorrow, Charles E. Harwood will
celebrate his 102 d birthday. Today
he received from President Hoover,
a Stanford University classmate of
his son, Edward C. Hurwood, a let
ter of greetings.
UPLAND. Oct. 17 (TP)—Day after
tomorrow, Charles E. Harwood will
celebrate his 102 d birthday. Today
he received from President Hoover,
a Stanford University classmate of
his son, Edward C. Hurwood, a let
ter of greetings.
UPLAND. Oct. 17 (TP)—Day after
tomorrow, Charles E. Harwood will
celebrate his 102 d birthday. Today
he received from President Hoover,
a Stanford University classmate of
his son, Edward C. Hurwood, a let
ter of greetings.
UPLAND. Oct. 17 (TP)—Day after
tomorrow, Charles E. Harwood will
celebrate his 102 d birthday. Today
he received from President Hoover,
a Stanford University classmate of
his son, Edward C. Hurwood, a let
ter of greetings.
