# SOPH JOINS VETS IN PROMISING GOPHER BACKFIELD
## 
### 

Francis Lund, sophomore halfback, has Joined two tried and tested veterans to make a formidable
ball-advancing trio in the University of Minnesota backfield. Jack Manders, plunging fullback, was
all-confercnce choice in 1931 and Captain Hass Is one of the Big Ten's best blocking backs. (Associ
ated Press Photos)

Francis Lund, sophomore halfback, has Joined two tried and tested veterans to make a formidable
ball-advancing trio in the University of Minnesota backfield. Jack Manders, plunging fullback, was
all-confercnce choice in 1931 and Captain Hass Is one of the Big Ten's best blocking backs. (Associ
ated Press Photos)

Francis Lund, sophomore halfback, has Joined two tried and tested veterans to make a formidable
ball-advancing trio in the University of Minnesota backfield. Jack Manders, plunging fullback, was
all-confercnce choice in 1931 and Captain Hass Is one of the Big Ten's best blocking backs. (Associ
ated Press Photos)

Francis Lund, sophomore halfback, has Joined two tried and tested veterans to make a formidable
ball-advancing trio in the University of Minnesota backfield. Jack Manders, plunging fullback, was
all-confercnce choice in 1931 and Captain Hass Is one of the Big Ten's best blocking backs. (Associ
ated Press Photos)

Francis Lund, sophomore halfback, has Joined two tried and tested veterans to make a formidable
ball-advancing trio in the University of Minnesota backfield. Jack Manders, plunging fullback, was
all-confercnce choice in 1931 and Captain Hass Is one of the Big Ten's best blocking backs. (Associ
ated Press Photos)

Francis Lund, sophomore halfback, has Joined two tried and tested veterans to make a formidable
ball-advancing trio in the University of Minnesota backfield. Jack Manders, plunging fullback, was
all-confercnce choice in 1931 and Captain Hass Is one of the Big Ten's best blocking backs. (Associ
ated Press Photos)

Francis Lund, sophomore halfback, has Joined two tried and tested veterans to make a formidable
ball-advancing trio in the University of Minnesota backfield. Jack Manders, plunging fullback, was
all-confercnce choice in 1931 and Captain Hass Is one of the Big Ten's best blocking backs. (Associ
ated Press Photos)

Francis Lund, sophomore halfback, has Joined two tried and tested veterans to make a formidable
ball-advancing trio in the University of Minnesota backfield. Jack Manders, plunging fullback, was
all-confercnce choice in 1931 and Captain Hass Is one of the Big Ten's best blocking backs. (Associ
ated Press Photos)

Francis Lund, sophomore halfback, has Joined two tried and tested veterans to make a formidable
ball-advancing trio in the University of Minnesota backfield. Jack Manders, plunging fullback, was
all-confercnce choice in 1931 and Captain Hass Is one of the Big Ten's best blocking backs. (Associ
ated Press Photos)

Francis Lund, sophomore halfback, has Joined two tried and tested veterans to make a formidable
ball-advancing trio in the University of Minnesota backfield. Jack Manders, plunging fullback, was
all-confercnce choice in 1931 and Captain Hass Is one of the Big Ten's best blocking backs. (Associ
ated Press Photos)

Francis Lund, sophomore halfback, has Joined two tried and tested veterans to make a formidable
ball-advancing trio in the University of Minnesota backfield. Jack Manders, plunging fullback, was
all-confercnce choice in 1931 and Captain Hass Is one of the Big Ten's best blocking backs. (Associ
ated Press Photos)

Francis Lund, sophomore halfback, has Joined two tried and tested veterans to make a formidable
ball-advancing trio in the University of Minnesota backfield. Jack Manders, plunging fullback, was
all-confercnce choice in 1931 and Captain Hass Is one of the Big Ten's best blocking backs. (Associ
ated Press Photos)

Francis Lund, sophomore halfback, has Joined two tried and tested veterans to make a formidable
ball-advancing trio in the University of Minnesota backfield. Jack Manders, plunging fullback, was
all-confercnce choice in 1931 and Captain Hass Is one of the Big Ten's best blocking backs. (Associ
ated Press Photos)

Francis Lund, sophomore halfback, has Joined two tried and tested veterans to make a formidable
ball-advancing trio in the University of Minnesota backfield. Jack Manders, plunging fullback, was
all-confercnce choice in 1931 and Captain Hass Is one of the Big Ten's best blocking backs. (Associ
ated Press Photos)

Francis Lund, sophomore halfback, has Joined two tried and tested veterans to make a formidable
ball-advancing trio in the University of Minnesota backfield. Jack Manders, plunging fullback, was
all-confercnce choice in 1931 and Captain Hass Is one of the Big Ten's best blocking backs. (Associ
ated Press Photos)

Francis Lund, sophomore halfback, has Joined two tried and tested veterans to make a formidable
ball-advancing trio in the University of Minnesota backfield. Jack Manders, plunging fullback, was
all-confercnce choice in 1931 and Captain Hass Is one of the Big Ten's best blocking backs. (Associ
ated Press Photos)
