# SINCLAIR LEWIS ILL
## 
### 
SEMMERINCJ, Austria, Oct. 17
—Sinclair Lewis, the American
writer, is under a doctor's care at
his winter home here with a slight
case of influenza.
SEMMERINCJ, Austria, Oct. 17
—Sinclair Lewis, the American
writer, is under a doctor's care at
his winter home here with a slight
case of influenza.
SEMMERINCJ, Austria, Oct. 17
—Sinclair Lewis, the American
writer, is under a doctor's care at
his winter home here with a slight
case of influenza.
SEMMERINCJ, Austria, Oct. 17
—Sinclair Lewis, the American
writer, is under a doctor's care at
his winter home here with a slight
case of influenza.
SEMMERINCJ, Austria, Oct. 17
—Sinclair Lewis, the American
writer, is under a doctor's care at
his winter home here with a slight
case of influenza.
SEMMERINCJ, Austria, Oct. 17
—Sinclair Lewis, the American
writer, is under a doctor's care at
his winter home here with a slight
case of influenza.
SEMMERINCJ, Austria, Oct. 17
—Sinclair Lewis, the American
writer, is under a doctor's care at
his winter home here with a slight
case of influenza.
SEMMERINCJ, Austria, Oct. 17
—Sinclair Lewis, the American
writer, is under a doctor's care at
his winter home here with a slight
case of influenza.
SEMMERINCJ, Austria, Oct. 17
—Sinclair Lewis, the American
writer, is under a doctor's care at
his winter home here with a slight
case of influenza.
SEMMERINCJ, Austria, Oct. 17
—Sinclair Lewis, the American
writer, is under a doctor's care at
his winter home here with a slight
case of influenza.
SEMMERINCJ, Austria, Oct. 17
—Sinclair Lewis, the American
writer, is under a doctor's care at
his winter home here with a slight
case of influenza.
SEMMERINCJ, Austria, Oct. 17
—Sinclair Lewis, the American
writer, is under a doctor's care at
his winter home here with a slight
case of influenza.
SEMMERINCJ, Austria, Oct. 17
—Sinclair Lewis, the American
writer, is under a doctor's care at
his winter home here with a slight
case of influenza.
SEMMERINCJ, Austria, Oct. 17
—Sinclair Lewis, the American
writer, is under a doctor's care at
his winter home here with a slight
case of influenza.
SEMMERINCJ, Austria, Oct. 17
—Sinclair Lewis, the American
writer, is under a doctor's care at
his winter home here with a slight
case of influenza.
SEMMERINCJ, Austria, Oct. 17
—Sinclair Lewis, the American
writer, is under a doctor's care at
his winter home here with a slight
case of influenza.
