# Defense In Templeton Trial To Call Alienists
## 
### 
SAN JOSE, Oct. 17 (/P) —The san
ity hearing for George Douglas
Templeton, Jr., convicted knife
slayer of his aunt, Mrs. Lillian Bab
cock, goes into another week here
today with prosecution and defense
prepared to present alienists as ex
pert witnesses.
The defense intimated it may also
call the 20-year-old university stu
dent's sister, Miss Constance Tem
pleton, 17,* to testify concerning al
leged eccentricities of her brother
during the days just prior to the
time he stabbed his aunt and seri
ously slashed his uncle, William
Rider Babcock.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 17 (/P) —The san
ity hearing for George Douglas
Templeton, Jr., convicted knife
slayer of his aunt, Mrs. Lillian Bab
cock, goes into another week here
today with prosecution and defense
prepared to present alienists as ex
pert witnesses.
The defense intimated it may also
call the 20-year-old university stu
dent's sister, Miss Constance Tem
pleton, 17,* to testify concerning al
leged eccentricities of her brother
during the days just prior to the
time he stabbed his aunt and seri
ously slashed his uncle, William
Rider Babcock.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 17 (/P) —The san
ity hearing for George Douglas
Templeton, Jr., convicted knife
slayer of his aunt, Mrs. Lillian Bab
cock, goes into another week here
today with prosecution and defense
prepared to present alienists as ex
pert witnesses.
The defense intimated it may also
call the 20-year-old university stu
dent's sister, Miss Constance Tem
pleton, 17,* to testify concerning al
leged eccentricities of her brother
during the days just prior to the
time he stabbed his aunt and seri
ously slashed his uncle, William
Rider Babcock.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 17 (/P) —The san
ity hearing for George Douglas
Templeton, Jr., convicted knife
slayer of his aunt, Mrs. Lillian Bab
cock, goes into another week here
today with prosecution and defense
prepared to present alienists as ex
pert witnesses.
The defense intimated it may also
call the 20-year-old university stu
dent's sister, Miss Constance Tem
pleton, 17,* to testify concerning al
leged eccentricities of her brother
during the days just prior to the
time he stabbed his aunt and seri
ously slashed his uncle, William
Rider Babcock.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 17 (/P) —The san
ity hearing for George Douglas
Templeton, Jr., convicted knife
slayer of his aunt, Mrs. Lillian Bab
cock, goes into another week here
today with prosecution and defense
prepared to present alienists as ex
pert witnesses.
The defense intimated it may also
call the 20-year-old university stu
dent's sister, Miss Constance Tem
pleton, 17,* to testify concerning al
leged eccentricities of her brother
during the days just prior to the
time he stabbed his aunt and seri
ously slashed his uncle, William
Rider Babcock.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 17 (/P) —The san
ity hearing for George Douglas
Templeton, Jr., convicted knife
slayer of his aunt, Mrs. Lillian Bab
cock, goes into another week here
today with prosecution and defense
prepared to present alienists as ex
pert witnesses.
The defense intimated it may also
call the 20-year-old university stu
dent's sister, Miss Constance Tem
pleton, 17,* to testify concerning al
leged eccentricities of her brother
during the days just prior to the
time he stabbed his aunt and seri
ously slashed his uncle, William
Rider Babcock.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 17 (/P) —The san
ity hearing for George Douglas
Templeton, Jr., convicted knife
slayer of his aunt, Mrs. Lillian Bab
cock, goes into another week here
today with prosecution and defense
prepared to present alienists as ex
pert witnesses.
The defense intimated it may also
call the 20-year-old university stu
dent's sister, Miss Constance Tem
pleton, 17,* to testify concerning al
leged eccentricities of her brother
during the days just prior to the
time he stabbed his aunt and seri
ously slashed his uncle, William
Rider Babcock.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 17 (/P) —The san
ity hearing for George Douglas
Templeton, Jr., convicted knife
slayer of his aunt, Mrs. Lillian Bab
cock, goes into another week here
today with prosecution and defense
prepared to present alienists as ex
pert witnesses.
The defense intimated it may also
call the 20-year-old university stu
dent's sister, Miss Constance Tem
pleton, 17,* to testify concerning al
leged eccentricities of her brother
during the days just prior to the
time he stabbed his aunt and seri
ously slashed his uncle, William
Rider Babcock.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 17 (/P) —The san
ity hearing for George Douglas
Templeton, Jr., convicted knife
slayer of his aunt, Mrs. Lillian Bab
cock, goes into another week here
today with prosecution and defense
prepared to present alienists as ex
pert witnesses.
The defense intimated it may also
call the 20-year-old university stu
dent's sister, Miss Constance Tem
pleton, 17,* to testify concerning al
leged eccentricities of her brother
during the days just prior to the
time he stabbed his aunt and seri
ously slashed his uncle, William
Rider Babcock.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 17 (/P) —The san
ity hearing for George Douglas
Templeton, Jr., convicted knife
slayer of his aunt, Mrs. Lillian Bab
cock, goes into another week here
today with prosecution and defense
prepared to present alienists as ex
pert witnesses.
The defense intimated it may also
call the 20-year-old university stu
dent's sister, Miss Constance Tem
pleton, 17,* to testify concerning al
leged eccentricities of her brother
during the days just prior to the
time he stabbed his aunt and seri
ously slashed his uncle, William
Rider Babcock.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 17 (/P) —The san
ity hearing for George Douglas
Templeton, Jr., convicted knife
slayer of his aunt, Mrs. Lillian Bab
cock, goes into another week here
today with prosecution and defense
prepared to present alienists as ex
pert witnesses.
The defense intimated it may also
call the 20-year-old university stu
dent's sister, Miss Constance Tem
pleton, 17,* to testify concerning al
leged eccentricities of her brother
during the days just prior to the
time he stabbed his aunt and seri
ously slashed his uncle, William
Rider Babcock.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 17 (/P) —The san
ity hearing for George Douglas
Templeton, Jr., convicted knife
slayer of his aunt, Mrs. Lillian Bab
cock, goes into another week here
today with prosecution and defense
prepared to present alienists as ex
pert witnesses.
The defense intimated it may also
call the 20-year-old university stu
dent's sister, Miss Constance Tem
pleton, 17,* to testify concerning al
leged eccentricities of her brother
during the days just prior to the
time he stabbed his aunt and seri
ously slashed his uncle, William
Rider Babcock.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 17 (/P) —The san
ity hearing for George Douglas
Templeton, Jr., convicted knife
slayer of his aunt, Mrs. Lillian Bab
cock, goes into another week here
today with prosecution and defense
prepared to present alienists as ex
pert witnesses.
The defense intimated it may also
call the 20-year-old university stu
dent's sister, Miss Constance Tem
pleton, 17,* to testify concerning al
leged eccentricities of her brother
during the days just prior to the
time he stabbed his aunt and seri
ously slashed his uncle, William
Rider Babcock.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 17 (/P) —The san
ity hearing for George Douglas
Templeton, Jr., convicted knife
slayer of his aunt, Mrs. Lillian Bab
cock, goes into another week here
today with prosecution and defense
prepared to present alienists as ex
pert witnesses.
The defense intimated it may also
call the 20-year-old university stu
dent's sister, Miss Constance Tem
pleton, 17,* to testify concerning al
leged eccentricities of her brother
during the days just prior to the
time he stabbed his aunt and seri
ously slashed his uncle, William
Rider Babcock.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 17 (/P) —The san
ity hearing for George Douglas
Templeton, Jr., convicted knife
slayer of his aunt, Mrs. Lillian Bab
cock, goes into another week here
today with prosecution and defense
prepared to present alienists as ex
pert witnesses.
The defense intimated it may also
call the 20-year-old university stu
dent's sister, Miss Constance Tem
pleton, 17,* to testify concerning al
leged eccentricities of her brother
during the days just prior to the
time he stabbed his aunt and seri
ously slashed his uncle, William
Rider Babcock.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 17 (/P) —The san
ity hearing for George Douglas
Templeton, Jr., convicted knife
slayer of his aunt, Mrs. Lillian Bab
cock, goes into another week here
today with prosecution and defense
prepared to present alienists as ex
pert witnesses.
The defense intimated it may also
call the 20-year-old university stu
dent's sister, Miss Constance Tem
pleton, 17,* to testify concerning al
leged eccentricities of her brother
during the days just prior to the
time he stabbed his aunt and seri
ously slashed his uncle, William
Rider Babcock.
