# INDIAN VISITOR
## Theologian To Preach On Sunday 
### 
Preaching the sermon at the 11
o'clock service at Memorial
Church and speaking at a special
public meeting at Dinkelspiel Au
ditorium at 7:30 p.m. this Sunday
is the lit. Rev. Rajah B. Manikam,
Bishop of Tranquebar and presi
dent of the Federation of Evan
gelical Lutheran Churches of
South India.
Born in Madras, Dr. Manikam
attended Madras Christian Col
lege, Columbia University, Union
Theological Seminary in New
York, Mt.. Airy Lutheran Theo
logical Seminary in Philadelphia
and Oxford University.
After service on the faculty of
the Andra Christian College at
Guntur, Bishop Manikam became
secretary of the National Chris
tian Council, Nagpur, the board
which supervises the Christian
colleges in India.
I)] - . Manikam became joint sec
retary in East Asia for the World
Council of Churches and the In
ternational Missionary Council in
1951. He was consecrated Bishop
of Tranquebar in 19156, the first
Indian to hold this office. Dr.
Manikam has participated in sev
eral international ecumenical
councils, including the Amster
dam and Evanston Assemblies of
the World Council of Churches.
Bishop Manikam's topic for the
Sunday evening meeting, a joint
gathering of the church fellow
ship groups of the area which is
open to the public, is "The Chris
tion Mission in India today."
Preaching the sermon at the 11
o'clock service at Memorial
Church and speaking at a special
public meeting at Dinkelspiel Au
ditorium at 7:30 p.m. this Sunday
is the lit. Rev. Rajah B. Manikam,
Bishop of Tranquebar and presi
dent of the Federation of Evan
gelical Lutheran Churches of
South India.
Born in Madras, Dr. Manikam
attended Madras Christian Col
lege, Columbia University, Union
Theological Seminary in New
York, Mt.. Airy Lutheran Theo
logical Seminary in Philadelphia
and Oxford University.
After service on the faculty of
the Andra Christian College at
Guntur, Bishop Manikam became
secretary of the National Chris
tian Council, Nagpur, the board
which supervises the Christian
colleges in India.
I)] - . Manikam became joint sec
retary in East Asia for the World
Council of Churches and the In
ternational Missionary Council in
1951. He was consecrated Bishop
of Tranquebar in 19156, the first
Indian to hold this office. Dr.
Manikam has participated in sev
eral international ecumenical
councils, including the Amster
dam and Evanston Assemblies of
the World Council of Churches.
Bishop Manikam's topic for the
Sunday evening meeting, a joint
gathering of the church fellow
ship groups of the area which is
open to the public, is "The Chris
tion Mission in India today."
Preaching the sermon at the 11
o'clock service at Memorial
Church and speaking at a special
public meeting at Dinkelspiel Au
ditorium at 7:30 p.m. this Sunday
is the lit. Rev. Rajah B. Manikam,
Bishop of Tranquebar and presi
dent of the Federation of Evan
gelical Lutheran Churches of
South India.
Born in Madras, Dr. Manikam
attended Madras Christian Col
lege, Columbia University, Union
Theological Seminary in New
York, Mt.. Airy Lutheran Theo
logical Seminary in Philadelphia
and Oxford University.
After service on the faculty of
the Andra Christian College at
Guntur, Bishop Manikam became
secretary of the National Chris
tian Council, Nagpur, the board
which supervises the Christian
colleges in India.
I)] - . Manikam became joint sec
retary in East Asia for the World
Council of Churches and the In
ternational Missionary Council in
1951. He was consecrated Bishop
of Tranquebar in 19156, the first
Indian to hold this office. Dr.
Manikam has participated in sev
eral international ecumenical
councils, including the Amster
dam and Evanston Assemblies of
the World Council of Churches.
Bishop Manikam's topic for the
Sunday evening meeting, a joint
gathering of the church fellow
ship groups of the area which is
open to the public, is "The Chris
tion Mission in India today."
Preaching the sermon at the 11
o'clock service at Memorial
Church and speaking at a special
public meeting at Dinkelspiel Au
ditorium at 7:30 p.m. this Sunday
is the lit. Rev. Rajah B. Manikam,
Bishop of Tranquebar and presi
dent of the Federation of Evan
gelical Lutheran Churches of
South India.
Born in Madras, Dr. Manikam
attended Madras Christian Col
lege, Columbia University, Union
Theological Seminary in New
York, Mt.. Airy Lutheran Theo
logical Seminary in Philadelphia
and Oxford University.
After service on the faculty of
the Andra Christian College at
Guntur, Bishop Manikam became
secretary of the National Chris
tian Council, Nagpur, the board
which supervises the Christian
colleges in India.
I)] - . Manikam became joint sec
retary in East Asia for the World
Council of Churches and the In
ternational Missionary Council in
1951. He was consecrated Bishop
of Tranquebar in 19156, the first
Indian to hold this office. Dr.
Manikam has participated in sev
eral international ecumenical
councils, including the Amster
dam and Evanston Assemblies of
the World Council of Churches.
Bishop Manikam's topic for the
Sunday evening meeting, a joint
gathering of the church fellow
ship groups of the area which is
open to the public, is "The Chris
tion Mission in India today."
Preaching the sermon at the 11
o'clock service at Memorial
Church and speaking at a special
public meeting at Dinkelspiel Au
ditorium at 7:30 p.m. this Sunday
is the lit. Rev. Rajah B. Manikam,
Bishop of Tranquebar and presi
dent of the Federation of Evan
gelical Lutheran Churches of
South India.
Born in Madras, Dr. Manikam
attended Madras Christian Col
lege, Columbia University, Union
Theological Seminary in New
York, Mt.. Airy Lutheran Theo
logical Seminary in Philadelphia
and Oxford University.
After service on the faculty of
the Andra Christian College at
Guntur, Bishop Manikam became
secretary of the National Chris
tian Council, Nagpur, the board
which supervises the Christian
colleges in India.
I)] - . Manikam became joint sec
retary in East Asia for the World
Council of Churches and the In
ternational Missionary Council in
1951. He was consecrated Bishop
of Tranquebar in 19156, the first
Indian to hold this office. Dr.
Manikam has participated in sev
eral international ecumenical
councils, including the Amster
dam and Evanston Assemblies of
the World Council of Churches.
Bishop Manikam's topic for the
Sunday evening meeting, a joint
gathering of the church fellow
ship groups of the area which is
open to the public, is "The Chris
tion Mission in India today."
Preaching the sermon at the 11
o'clock service at Memorial
Church and speaking at a special
public meeting at Dinkelspiel Au
ditorium at 7:30 p.m. this Sunday
is the lit. Rev. Rajah B. Manikam,
Bishop of Tranquebar and presi
dent of the Federation of Evan
gelical Lutheran Churches of
South India.
Born in Madras, Dr. Manikam
attended Madras Christian Col
lege, Columbia University, Union
Theological Seminary in New
York, Mt.. Airy Lutheran Theo
logical Seminary in Philadelphia
and Oxford University.
After service on the faculty of
the Andra Christian College at
Guntur, Bishop Manikam became
secretary of the National Chris
tian Council, Nagpur, the board
which supervises the Christian
colleges in India.
I)] - . Manikam became joint sec
retary in East Asia for the World
Council of Churches and the In
ternational Missionary Council in
1951. He was consecrated Bishop
of Tranquebar in 19156, the first
Indian to hold this office. Dr.
Manikam has participated in sev
eral international ecumenical
councils, including the Amster
dam and Evanston Assemblies of
the World Council of Churches.
Bishop Manikam's topic for the
Sunday evening meeting, a joint
gathering of the church fellow
ship groups of the area which is
open to the public, is "The Chris
tion Mission in India today."
Preaching the sermon at the 11
o'clock service at Memorial
Church and speaking at a special
public meeting at Dinkelspiel Au
ditorium at 7:30 p.m. this Sunday
is the lit. Rev. Rajah B. Manikam,
Bishop of Tranquebar and presi
dent of the Federation of Evan
gelical Lutheran Churches of
South India.
Born in Madras, Dr. Manikam
attended Madras Christian Col
lege, Columbia University, Union
Theological Seminary in New
York, Mt.. Airy Lutheran Theo
logical Seminary in Philadelphia
and Oxford University.
After service on the faculty of
the Andra Christian College at
Guntur, Bishop Manikam became
secretary of the National Chris
tian Council, Nagpur, the board
which supervises the Christian
colleges in India.
I)] - . Manikam became joint sec
retary in East Asia for the World
Council of Churches and the In
ternational Missionary Council in
1951. He was consecrated Bishop
of Tranquebar in 19156, the first
Indian to hold this office. Dr.
Manikam has participated in sev
eral international ecumenical
councils, including the Amster
dam and Evanston Assemblies of
the World Council of Churches.
Bishop Manikam's topic for the
Sunday evening meeting, a joint
gathering of the church fellow
ship groups of the area which is
open to the public, is "The Chris
tion Mission in India today."
Preaching the sermon at the 11
o'clock service at Memorial
Church and speaking at a special
public meeting at Dinkelspiel Au
ditorium at 7:30 p.m. this Sunday
is the lit. Rev. Rajah B. Manikam,
Bishop of Tranquebar and presi
dent of the Federation of Evan
gelical Lutheran Churches of
South India.
Born in Madras, Dr. Manikam
attended Madras Christian Col
lege, Columbia University, Union
Theological Seminary in New
York, Mt.. Airy Lutheran Theo
logical Seminary in Philadelphia
and Oxford University.
After service on the faculty of
the Andra Christian College at
Guntur, Bishop Manikam became
secretary of the National Chris
tian Council, Nagpur, the board
which supervises the Christian
colleges in India.
I)] - . Manikam became joint sec
retary in East Asia for the World
Council of Churches and the In
ternational Missionary Council in
1951. He was consecrated Bishop
of Tranquebar in 19156, the first
Indian to hold this office. Dr.
Manikam has participated in sev
eral international ecumenical
councils, including the Amster
dam and Evanston Assemblies of
the World Council of Churches.
Bishop Manikam's topic for the
Sunday evening meeting, a joint
gathering of the church fellow
ship groups of the area which is
open to the public, is "The Chris
tion Mission in India today."
Preaching the sermon at the 11
o'clock service at Memorial
Church and speaking at a special
public meeting at Dinkelspiel Au
ditorium at 7:30 p.m. this Sunday
is the lit. Rev. Rajah B. Manikam,
Bishop of Tranquebar and presi
dent of the Federation of Evan
gelical Lutheran Churches of
South India.
Born in Madras, Dr. Manikam
attended Madras Christian Col
lege, Columbia University, Union
Theological Seminary in New
York, Mt.. Airy Lutheran Theo
logical Seminary in Philadelphia
and Oxford University.
After service on the faculty of
the Andra Christian College at
Guntur, Bishop Manikam became
secretary of the National Chris
tian Council, Nagpur, the board
which supervises the Christian
colleges in India.
I)] - . Manikam became joint sec
retary in East Asia for the World
Council of Churches and the In
ternational Missionary Council in
1951. He was consecrated Bishop
of Tranquebar in 19156, the first
Indian to hold this office. Dr.
Manikam has participated in sev
eral international ecumenical
councils, including the Amster
dam and Evanston Assemblies of
the World Council of Churches.
Bishop Manikam's topic for the
Sunday evening meeting, a joint
gathering of the church fellow
ship groups of the area which is
open to the public, is "The Chris
tion Mission in India today."
Preaching the sermon at the 11
o'clock service at Memorial
Church and speaking at a special
public meeting at Dinkelspiel Au
ditorium at 7:30 p.m. this Sunday
is the lit. Rev. Rajah B. Manikam,
Bishop of Tranquebar and presi
dent of the Federation of Evan
gelical Lutheran Churches of
South India.
Born in Madras, Dr. Manikam
attended Madras Christian Col
lege, Columbia University, Union
Theological Seminary in New
York, Mt.. Airy Lutheran Theo
logical Seminary in Philadelphia
and Oxford University.
After service on the faculty of
the Andra Christian College at
Guntur, Bishop Manikam became
secretary of the National Chris
tian Council, Nagpur, the board
which supervises the Christian
colleges in India.
I)] - . Manikam became joint sec
retary in East Asia for the World
Council of Churches and the In
ternational Missionary Council in
1951. He was consecrated Bishop
of Tranquebar in 19156, the first
Indian to hold this office. Dr.
Manikam has participated in sev
eral international ecumenical
councils, including the Amster
dam and Evanston Assemblies of
the World Council of Churches.
Bishop Manikam's topic for the
Sunday evening meeting, a joint
gathering of the church fellow
ship groups of the area which is
open to the public, is "The Chris
tion Mission in India today."
Preaching the sermon at the 11
o'clock service at Memorial
Church and speaking at a special
public meeting at Dinkelspiel Au
ditorium at 7:30 p.m. this Sunday
is the lit. Rev. Rajah B. Manikam,
Bishop of Tranquebar and presi
dent of the Federation of Evan
gelical Lutheran Churches of
South India.
Born in Madras, Dr. Manikam
attended Madras Christian Col
lege, Columbia University, Union
Theological Seminary in New
York, Mt.. Airy Lutheran Theo
logical Seminary in Philadelphia
and Oxford University.
After service on the faculty of
the Andra Christian College at
Guntur, Bishop Manikam became
secretary of the National Chris
tian Council, Nagpur, the board
which supervises the Christian
colleges in India.
I)] - . Manikam became joint sec
retary in East Asia for the World
Council of Churches and the In
ternational Missionary Council in
1951. He was consecrated Bishop
of Tranquebar in 19156, the first
Indian to hold this office. Dr.
Manikam has participated in sev
eral international ecumenical
councils, including the Amster
dam and Evanston Assemblies of
the World Council of Churches.
Bishop Manikam's topic for the
Sunday evening meeting, a joint
gathering of the church fellow
ship groups of the area which is
open to the public, is "The Chris
tion Mission in India today."
Preaching the sermon at the 11
o'clock service at Memorial
Church and speaking at a special
public meeting at Dinkelspiel Au
ditorium at 7:30 p.m. this Sunday
is the lit. Rev. Rajah B. Manikam,
Bishop of Tranquebar and presi
dent of the Federation of Evan
gelical Lutheran Churches of
South India.
Born in Madras, Dr. Manikam
attended Madras Christian Col
lege, Columbia University, Union
Theological Seminary in New
York, Mt.. Airy Lutheran Theo
logical Seminary in Philadelphia
and Oxford University.
After service on the faculty of
the Andra Christian College at
Guntur, Bishop Manikam became
secretary of the National Chris
tian Council, Nagpur, the board
which supervises the Christian
colleges in India.
I)] - . Manikam became joint sec
retary in East Asia for the World
Council of Churches and the In
ternational Missionary Council in
1951. He was consecrated Bishop
of Tranquebar in 19156, the first
Indian to hold this office. Dr.
Manikam has participated in sev
eral international ecumenical
councils, including the Amster
dam and Evanston Assemblies of
the World Council of Churches.
Bishop Manikam's topic for the
Sunday evening meeting, a joint
gathering of the church fellow
ship groups of the area which is
open to the public, is "The Chris
tion Mission in India today."
Preaching the sermon at the 11
o'clock service at Memorial
Church and speaking at a special
public meeting at Dinkelspiel Au
ditorium at 7:30 p.m. this Sunday
is the lit. Rev. Rajah B. Manikam,
Bishop of Tranquebar and presi
dent of the Federation of Evan
gelical Lutheran Churches of
South India.
Born in Madras, Dr. Manikam
attended Madras Christian Col
lege, Columbia University, Union
Theological Seminary in New
York, Mt.. Airy Lutheran Theo
logical Seminary in Philadelphia
and Oxford University.
After service on the faculty of
the Andra Christian College at
Guntur, Bishop Manikam became
secretary of the National Chris
tian Council, Nagpur, the board
which supervises the Christian
colleges in India.
I)] - . Manikam became joint sec
retary in East Asia for the World
Council of Churches and the In
ternational Missionary Council in
1951. He was consecrated Bishop
of Tranquebar in 19156, the first
Indian to hold this office. Dr.
Manikam has participated in sev
eral international ecumenical
councils, including the Amster
dam and Evanston Assemblies of
the World Council of Churches.
Bishop Manikam's topic for the
Sunday evening meeting, a joint
gathering of the church fellow
ship groups of the area which is
open to the public, is "The Chris
tion Mission in India today."
Preaching the sermon at the 11
o'clock service at Memorial
Church and speaking at a special
public meeting at Dinkelspiel Au
ditorium at 7:30 p.m. this Sunday
is the lit. Rev. Rajah B. Manikam,
Bishop of Tranquebar and presi
dent of the Federation of Evan
gelical Lutheran Churches of
South India.
Born in Madras, Dr. Manikam
attended Madras Christian Col
lege, Columbia University, Union
Theological Seminary in New
York, Mt.. Airy Lutheran Theo
logical Seminary in Philadelphia
and Oxford University.
After service on the faculty of
the Andra Christian College at
Guntur, Bishop Manikam became
secretary of the National Chris
tian Council, Nagpur, the board
which supervises the Christian
colleges in India.
I)] - . Manikam became joint sec
retary in East Asia for the World
Council of Churches and the In
ternational Missionary Council in
1951. He was consecrated Bishop
of Tranquebar in 19156, the first
Indian to hold this office. Dr.
Manikam has participated in sev
eral international ecumenical
councils, including the Amster
dam and Evanston Assemblies of
the World Council of Churches.
Bishop Manikam's topic for the
Sunday evening meeting, a joint
gathering of the church fellow
ship groups of the area which is
open to the public, is "The Chris
tion Mission in India today."
Preaching the sermon at the 11
o'clock service at Memorial
Church and speaking at a special
public meeting at Dinkelspiel Au
ditorium at 7:30 p.m. this Sunday
is the lit. Rev. Rajah B. Manikam,
Bishop of Tranquebar and presi
dent of the Federation of Evan
gelical Lutheran Churches of
South India.
Born in Madras, Dr. Manikam
attended Madras Christian Col
lege, Columbia University, Union
Theological Seminary in New
York, Mt.. Airy Lutheran Theo
logical Seminary in Philadelphia
and Oxford University.
After service on the faculty of
the Andra Christian College at
Guntur, Bishop Manikam became
secretary of the National Chris
tian Council, Nagpur, the board
which supervises the Christian
colleges in India.
I)] - . Manikam became joint sec
retary in East Asia for the World
Council of Churches and the In
ternational Missionary Council in
1951. He was consecrated Bishop
of Tranquebar in 19156, the first
Indian to hold this office. Dr.
Manikam has participated in sev
eral international ecumenical
councils, including the Amster
dam and Evanston Assemblies of
the World Council of Churches.
Bishop Manikam's topic for the
Sunday evening meeting, a joint
gathering of the church fellow
ship groups of the area which is
open to the public, is "The Chris
tion Mission in India today."
Preaching the sermon at the 11
o'clock service at Memorial
Church and speaking at a special
public meeting at Dinkelspiel Au
ditorium at 7:30 p.m. this Sunday
is the lit. Rev. Rajah B. Manikam,
Bishop of Tranquebar and presi
dent of the Federation of Evan
gelical Lutheran Churches of
South India.
Born in Madras, Dr. Manikam
attended Madras Christian Col
lege, Columbia University, Union
Theological Seminary in New
York, Mt.. Airy Lutheran Theo
logical Seminary in Philadelphia
and Oxford University.
After service on the faculty of
the Andra Christian College at
Guntur, Bishop Manikam became
secretary of the National Chris
tian Council, Nagpur, the board
which supervises the Christian
colleges in India.
I)] - . Manikam became joint sec
retary in East Asia for the World
Council of Churches and the In
ternational Missionary Council in
1951. He was consecrated Bishop
of Tranquebar in 19156, the first
Indian to hold this office. Dr.
Manikam has participated in sev
eral international ecumenical
councils, including the Amster
dam and Evanston Assemblies of
the World Council of Churches.
Bishop Manikam's topic for the
Sunday evening meeting, a joint
gathering of the church fellow
ship groups of the area which is
open to the public, is "The Chris
tion Mission in India today."
Preaching the sermon at the 11
o'clock service at Memorial
Church and speaking at a special
public meeting at Dinkelspiel Au
ditorium at 7:30 p.m. this Sunday
is the lit. Rev. Rajah B. Manikam,
Bishop of Tranquebar and presi
dent of the Federation of Evan
gelical Lutheran Churches of
South India.
Born in Madras, Dr. Manikam
attended Madras Christian Col
lege, Columbia University, Union
Theological Seminary in New
York, Mt.. Airy Lutheran Theo
logical Seminary in Philadelphia
and Oxford University.
After service on the faculty of
the Andra Christian College at
Guntur, Bishop Manikam became
secretary of the National Chris
tian Council, Nagpur, the board
which supervises the Christian
colleges in India.
I)] - . Manikam became joint sec
retary in East Asia for the World
Council of Churches and the In
ternational Missionary Council in
1951. He was consecrated Bishop
of Tranquebar in 19156, the first
Indian to hold this office. Dr.
Manikam has participated in sev
eral international ecumenical
councils, including the Amster
dam and Evanston Assemblies of
the World Council of Churches.
Bishop Manikam's topic for the
Sunday evening meeting, a joint
gathering of the church fellow
ship groups of the area which is
open to the public, is "The Chris
tion Mission in India today."
