# INSTRUMENTS FOR BAND
## 
### 
Some clarinets, trumpets, French
horns, and baritones are available
for (hose students who do not have
their own instruments. These in
struments will be issued at band re
hearsal tonight at 7:15 in the Choir
Room.
Some clarinets, trumpets, French
horns, and baritones are available
for (hose students who do not have
their own instruments. These in
struments will be issued at band re
hearsal tonight at 7:15 in the Choir
Room.
Some clarinets, trumpets, French
horns, and baritones are available
for (hose students who do not have
their own instruments. These in
struments will be issued at band re
hearsal tonight at 7:15 in the Choir
Room.
Some clarinets, trumpets, French
horns, and baritones are available
for (hose students who do not have
their own instruments. These in
struments will be issued at band re
hearsal tonight at 7:15 in the Choir
Room.
Some clarinets, trumpets, French
horns, and baritones are available
for (hose students who do not have
their own instruments. These in
struments will be issued at band re
hearsal tonight at 7:15 in the Choir
Room.
Some clarinets, trumpets, French
horns, and baritones are available
for (hose students who do not have
their own instruments. These in
struments will be issued at band re
hearsal tonight at 7:15 in the Choir
Room.
Some clarinets, trumpets, French
horns, and baritones are available
for (hose students who do not have
their own instruments. These in
struments will be issued at band re
hearsal tonight at 7:15 in the Choir
Room.
Some clarinets, trumpets, French
horns, and baritones are available
for (hose students who do not have
their own instruments. These in
struments will be issued at band re
hearsal tonight at 7:15 in the Choir
Room.
Some clarinets, trumpets, French
horns, and baritones are available
for (hose students who do not have
their own instruments. These in
struments will be issued at band re
hearsal tonight at 7:15 in the Choir
Room.
Some clarinets, trumpets, French
horns, and baritones are available
for (hose students who do not have
their own instruments. These in
struments will be issued at band re
hearsal tonight at 7:15 in the Choir
Room.
Some clarinets, trumpets, French
horns, and baritones are available
for (hose students who do not have
their own instruments. These in
struments will be issued at band re
hearsal tonight at 7:15 in the Choir
Room.
Some clarinets, trumpets, French
horns, and baritones are available
for (hose students who do not have
their own instruments. These in
struments will be issued at band re
hearsal tonight at 7:15 in the Choir
Room.
Some clarinets, trumpets, French
horns, and baritones are available
for (hose students who do not have
their own instruments. These in
struments will be issued at band re
hearsal tonight at 7:15 in the Choir
Room.
Some clarinets, trumpets, French
horns, and baritones are available
for (hose students who do not have
their own instruments. These in
struments will be issued at band re
hearsal tonight at 7:15 in the Choir
Room.
Some clarinets, trumpets, French
horns, and baritones are available
for (hose students who do not have
their own instruments. These in
struments will be issued at band re
hearsal tonight at 7:15 in the Choir
Room.
