# Untitled Article
## 
### 

HERB CAEN autographs his new book, Baghdad-By The-Bay, outside Stanford Bookstore. Caen,
writer of the well known column, "It's News To Me," and noted San Francisco personality, was
here on campus Tuesday to meet the students and personally autograph copies of his new book
about San Francisco. Baghdad-By-The-Bay is filled with anecdotes about the City and its person
alities and is written in the typical Caen style. —photo by Dave Rosenthal

HERB CAEN autographs his new book, Baghdad-By The-Bay, outside Stanford Bookstore. Caen,
writer of the well known column, "It's News To Me," and noted San Francisco personality, was
here on campus Tuesday to meet the students and personally autograph copies of his new book
about San Francisco. Baghdad-By-The-Bay is filled with anecdotes about the City and its person
alities and is written in the typical Caen style. —photo by Dave Rosenthal

HERB CAEN autographs his new book, Baghdad-By The-Bay, outside Stanford Bookstore. Caen,
writer of the well known column, "It's News To Me," and noted San Francisco personality, was
here on campus Tuesday to meet the students and personally autograph copies of his new book
about San Francisco. Baghdad-By-The-Bay is filled with anecdotes about the City and its person
alities and is written in the typical Caen style. —photo by Dave Rosenthal

HERB CAEN autographs his new book, Baghdad-By The-Bay, outside Stanford Bookstore. Caen,
writer of the well known column, "It's News To Me," and noted San Francisco personality, was
here on campus Tuesday to meet the students and personally autograph copies of his new book
about San Francisco. Baghdad-By-The-Bay is filled with anecdotes about the City and its person
alities and is written in the typical Caen style. —photo by Dave Rosenthal

HERB CAEN autographs his new book, Baghdad-By The-Bay, outside Stanford Bookstore. Caen,
writer of the well known column, "It's News To Me," and noted San Francisco personality, was
here on campus Tuesday to meet the students and personally autograph copies of his new book
about San Francisco. Baghdad-By-The-Bay is filled with anecdotes about the City and its person
alities and is written in the typical Caen style. —photo by Dave Rosenthal

HERB CAEN autographs his new book, Baghdad-By The-Bay, outside Stanford Bookstore. Caen,
writer of the well known column, "It's News To Me," and noted San Francisco personality, was
here on campus Tuesday to meet the students and personally autograph copies of his new book
about San Francisco. Baghdad-By-The-Bay is filled with anecdotes about the City and its person
alities and is written in the typical Caen style. —photo by Dave Rosenthal

HERB CAEN autographs his new book, Baghdad-By The-Bay, outside Stanford Bookstore. Caen,
writer of the well known column, "It's News To Me," and noted San Francisco personality, was
here on campus Tuesday to meet the students and personally autograph copies of his new book
about San Francisco. Baghdad-By-The-Bay is filled with anecdotes about the City and its person
alities and is written in the typical Caen style. —photo by Dave Rosenthal

HERB CAEN autographs his new book, Baghdad-By The-Bay, outside Stanford Bookstore. Caen,
writer of the well known column, "It's News To Me," and noted San Francisco personality, was
here on campus Tuesday to meet the students and personally autograph copies of his new book
about San Francisco. Baghdad-By-The-Bay is filled with anecdotes about the City and its person
alities and is written in the typical Caen style. —photo by Dave Rosenthal

HERB CAEN autographs his new book, Baghdad-By The-Bay, outside Stanford Bookstore. Caen,
writer of the well known column, "It's News To Me," and noted San Francisco personality, was
here on campus Tuesday to meet the students and personally autograph copies of his new book
about San Francisco. Baghdad-By-The-Bay is filled with anecdotes about the City and its person
alities and is written in the typical Caen style. —photo by Dave Rosenthal

HERB CAEN autographs his new book, Baghdad-By The-Bay, outside Stanford Bookstore. Caen,
writer of the well known column, "It's News To Me," and noted San Francisco personality, was
here on campus Tuesday to meet the students and personally autograph copies of his new book
about San Francisco. Baghdad-By-The-Bay is filled with anecdotes about the City and its person
alities and is written in the typical Caen style. —photo by Dave Rosenthal

HERB CAEN autographs his new book, Baghdad-By The-Bay, outside Stanford Bookstore. Caen,
writer of the well known column, "It's News To Me," and noted San Francisco personality, was
here on campus Tuesday to meet the students and personally autograph copies of his new book
about San Francisco. Baghdad-By-The-Bay is filled with anecdotes about the City and its person
alities and is written in the typical Caen style. —photo by Dave Rosenthal

HERB CAEN autographs his new book, Baghdad-By The-Bay, outside Stanford Bookstore. Caen,
writer of the well known column, "It's News To Me," and noted San Francisco personality, was
here on campus Tuesday to meet the students and personally autograph copies of his new book
about San Francisco. Baghdad-By-The-Bay is filled with anecdotes about the City and its person
alities and is written in the typical Caen style. —photo by Dave Rosenthal

HERB CAEN autographs his new book, Baghdad-By The-Bay, outside Stanford Bookstore. Caen,
writer of the well known column, "It's News To Me," and noted San Francisco personality, was
here on campus Tuesday to meet the students and personally autograph copies of his new book
about San Francisco. Baghdad-By-The-Bay is filled with anecdotes about the City and its person
alities and is written in the typical Caen style. —photo by Dave Rosenthal

HERB CAEN autographs his new book, Baghdad-By The-Bay, outside Stanford Bookstore. Caen,
writer of the well known column, "It's News To Me," and noted San Francisco personality, was
here on campus Tuesday to meet the students and personally autograph copies of his new book
about San Francisco. Baghdad-By-The-Bay is filled with anecdotes about the City and its person
alities and is written in the typical Caen style. —photo by Dave Rosenthal

HERB CAEN autographs his new book, Baghdad-By The-Bay, outside Stanford Bookstore. Caen,
writer of the well known column, "It's News To Me," and noted San Francisco personality, was
here on campus Tuesday to meet the students and personally autograph copies of his new book
about San Francisco. Baghdad-By-The-Bay is filled with anecdotes about the City and its person
alities and is written in the typical Caen style. —photo by Dave Rosenthal

HERB CAEN autographs his new book, Baghdad-By The-Bay, outside Stanford Bookstore. Caen,
writer of the well known column, "It's News To Me," and noted San Francisco personality, was
here on campus Tuesday to meet the students and personally autograph copies of his new book
about San Francisco. Baghdad-By-The-Bay is filled with anecdotes about the City and its person
alities and is written in the typical Caen style. —photo by Dave Rosenthal
