# Books Discussion
## 
### 
Villagers will have the chance to
air their opinions about the Decla
ration of Independence tomorrow
night at 8 at the first meeting of a
Great Books Discussion Group. The
meeting will be held in the sewing
room of the Administration Build
ing.
Meeting every two weeks for in
formal round-table discussions, the
group will study selections from the
works of the world's great thinkers.
Co-sponsors of the project are Sarge
and Jo Hearn.
Villagers will have the chance to
air their opinions about the Decla
ration of Independence tomorrow
night at 8 at the first meeting of a
Great Books Discussion Group. The
meeting will be held in the sewing
room of the Administration Build
ing.
Meeting every two weeks for in
formal round-table discussions, the
group will study selections from the
works of the world's great thinkers.
Co-sponsors of the project are Sarge
and Jo Hearn.
Villagers will have the chance to
air their opinions about the Decla
ration of Independence tomorrow
night at 8 at the first meeting of a
Great Books Discussion Group. The
meeting will be held in the sewing
room of the Administration Build
ing.
Meeting every two weeks for in
formal round-table discussions, the
group will study selections from the
works of the world's great thinkers.
Co-sponsors of the project are Sarge
and Jo Hearn.
Villagers will have the chance to
air their opinions about the Decla
ration of Independence tomorrow
night at 8 at the first meeting of a
Great Books Discussion Group. The
meeting will be held in the sewing
room of the Administration Build
ing.
Meeting every two weeks for in
formal round-table discussions, the
group will study selections from the
works of the world's great thinkers.
Co-sponsors of the project are Sarge
and Jo Hearn.
Villagers will have the chance to
air their opinions about the Decla
ration of Independence tomorrow
night at 8 at the first meeting of a
Great Books Discussion Group. The
meeting will be held in the sewing
room of the Administration Build
ing.
Meeting every two weeks for in
formal round-table discussions, the
group will study selections from the
works of the world's great thinkers.
Co-sponsors of the project are Sarge
and Jo Hearn.
Villagers will have the chance to
air their opinions about the Decla
ration of Independence tomorrow
night at 8 at the first meeting of a
Great Books Discussion Group. The
meeting will be held in the sewing
room of the Administration Build
ing.
Meeting every two weeks for in
formal round-table discussions, the
group will study selections from the
works of the world's great thinkers.
Co-sponsors of the project are Sarge
and Jo Hearn.
Villagers will have the chance to
air their opinions about the Decla
ration of Independence tomorrow
night at 8 at the first meeting of a
Great Books Discussion Group. The
meeting will be held in the sewing
room of the Administration Build
ing.
Meeting every two weeks for in
formal round-table discussions, the
group will study selections from the
works of the world's great thinkers.
Co-sponsors of the project are Sarge
and Jo Hearn.
Villagers will have the chance to
air their opinions about the Decla
ration of Independence tomorrow
night at 8 at the first meeting of a
Great Books Discussion Group. The
meeting will be held in the sewing
room of the Administration Build
ing.
Meeting every two weeks for in
formal round-table discussions, the
group will study selections from the
works of the world's great thinkers.
Co-sponsors of the project are Sarge
and Jo Hearn.
Villagers will have the chance to
air their opinions about the Decla
ration of Independence tomorrow
night at 8 at the first meeting of a
Great Books Discussion Group. The
meeting will be held in the sewing
room of the Administration Build
ing.
Meeting every two weeks for in
formal round-table discussions, the
group will study selections from the
works of the world's great thinkers.
Co-sponsors of the project are Sarge
and Jo Hearn.
Villagers will have the chance to
air their opinions about the Decla
ration of Independence tomorrow
night at 8 at the first meeting of a
Great Books Discussion Group. The
meeting will be held in the sewing
room of the Administration Build
ing.
Meeting every two weeks for in
formal round-table discussions, the
group will study selections from the
works of the world's great thinkers.
Co-sponsors of the project are Sarge
and Jo Hearn.
Villagers will have the chance to
air their opinions about the Decla
ration of Independence tomorrow
night at 8 at the first meeting of a
Great Books Discussion Group. The
meeting will be held in the sewing
room of the Administration Build
ing.
Meeting every two weeks for in
formal round-table discussions, the
group will study selections from the
works of the world's great thinkers.
Co-sponsors of the project are Sarge
and Jo Hearn.
Villagers will have the chance to
air their opinions about the Decla
ration of Independence tomorrow
night at 8 at the first meeting of a
Great Books Discussion Group. The
meeting will be held in the sewing
room of the Administration Build
ing.
Meeting every two weeks for in
formal round-table discussions, the
group will study selections from the
works of the world's great thinkers.
Co-sponsors of the project are Sarge
and Jo Hearn.
Villagers will have the chance to
air their opinions about the Decla
ration of Independence tomorrow
night at 8 at the first meeting of a
Great Books Discussion Group. The
meeting will be held in the sewing
room of the Administration Build
ing.
Meeting every two weeks for in
formal round-table discussions, the
group will study selections from the
works of the world's great thinkers.
Co-sponsors of the project are Sarge
and Jo Hearn.
Villagers will have the chance to
air their opinions about the Decla
ration of Independence tomorrow
night at 8 at the first meeting of a
Great Books Discussion Group. The
meeting will be held in the sewing
room of the Administration Build
ing.
Meeting every two weeks for in
formal round-table discussions, the
group will study selections from the
works of the world's great thinkers.
Co-sponsors of the project are Sarge
and Jo Hearn.
Villagers will have the chance to
air their opinions about the Decla
ration of Independence tomorrow
night at 8 at the first meeting of a
Great Books Discussion Group. The
meeting will be held in the sewing
room of the Administration Build
ing.
Meeting every two weeks for in
formal round-table discussions, the
group will study selections from the
works of the world's great thinkers.
Co-sponsors of the project are Sarge
and Jo Hearn.
Villagers will have the chance to
air their opinions about the Decla
ration of Independence tomorrow
night at 8 at the first meeting of a
Great Books Discussion Group. The
meeting will be held in the sewing
room of the Administration Build
ing.
Meeting every two weeks for in
formal round-table discussions, the
group will study selections from the
works of the world's great thinkers.
Co-sponsors of the project are Sarge
and Jo Hearn.
