# Ex-Gridder Offers Material for Fire
## 
### 
The Campus Shell Station,
owned by former Stanford All-
American gridder Walt ileinecke.
will contribute gasoline and other
materials for the P»ig (lame bon
fire.
Ileinecke. ;i center, marie All
American in 1!»20. The Indians of
102!>. coached by the legendary
Glenn S. ("Pop") Warner, rolled I
up nine victories against two
losses and finished second in the
conference.
The Campus Shell Station,
owned by former Stanford All-
American gridder Walt ileinecke.
will contribute gasoline and other
materials for the P»ig (lame bon
fire.
Ileinecke. ;i center, marie All
American in 1!»20. The Indians of
102!>. coached by the legendary
Glenn S. ("Pop") Warner, rolled I
up nine victories against two
losses and finished second in the
conference.
The Campus Shell Station,
owned by former Stanford All-
American gridder Walt ileinecke.
will contribute gasoline and other
materials for the P»ig (lame bon
fire.
Ileinecke. ;i center, marie All
American in 1!»20. The Indians of
102!>. coached by the legendary
Glenn S. ("Pop") Warner, rolled I
up nine victories against two
losses and finished second in the
conference.
The Campus Shell Station,
owned by former Stanford All-
American gridder Walt ileinecke.
will contribute gasoline and other
materials for the P»ig (lame bon
fire.
Ileinecke. ;i center, marie All
American in 1!»20. The Indians of
102!>. coached by the legendary
Glenn S. ("Pop") Warner, rolled I
up nine victories against two
losses and finished second in the
conference.
The Campus Shell Station,
owned by former Stanford All-
American gridder Walt ileinecke.
will contribute gasoline and other
materials for the P»ig (lame bon
fire.
Ileinecke. ;i center, marie All
American in 1!»20. The Indians of
102!>. coached by the legendary
Glenn S. ("Pop") Warner, rolled I
up nine victories against two
losses and finished second in the
conference.
The Campus Shell Station,
owned by former Stanford All-
American gridder Walt ileinecke.
will contribute gasoline and other
materials for the P»ig (lame bon
fire.
Ileinecke. ;i center, marie All
American in 1!»20. The Indians of
102!>. coached by the legendary
Glenn S. ("Pop") Warner, rolled I
up nine victories against two
losses and finished second in the
conference.
The Campus Shell Station,
owned by former Stanford All-
American gridder Walt ileinecke.
will contribute gasoline and other
materials for the P»ig (lame bon
fire.
Ileinecke. ;i center, marie All
American in 1!»20. The Indians of
102!>. coached by the legendary
Glenn S. ("Pop") Warner, rolled I
up nine victories against two
losses and finished second in the
conference.
The Campus Shell Station,
owned by former Stanford All-
American gridder Walt ileinecke.
will contribute gasoline and other
materials for the P»ig (lame bon
fire.
Ileinecke. ;i center, marie All
American in 1!»20. The Indians of
102!>. coached by the legendary
Glenn S. ("Pop") Warner, rolled I
up nine victories against two
losses and finished second in the
conference.
The Campus Shell Station,
owned by former Stanford All-
American gridder Walt ileinecke.
will contribute gasoline and other
materials for the P»ig (lame bon
fire.
Ileinecke. ;i center, marie All
American in 1!»20. The Indians of
102!>. coached by the legendary
Glenn S. ("Pop") Warner, rolled I
up nine victories against two
losses and finished second in the
conference.
The Campus Shell Station,
owned by former Stanford All-
American gridder Walt ileinecke.
will contribute gasoline and other
materials for the P»ig (lame bon
fire.
Ileinecke. ;i center, marie All
American in 1!»20. The Indians of
102!>. coached by the legendary
Glenn S. ("Pop") Warner, rolled I
up nine victories against two
losses and finished second in the
conference.
The Campus Shell Station,
owned by former Stanford All-
American gridder Walt ileinecke.
will contribute gasoline and other
materials for the P»ig (lame bon
fire.
Ileinecke. ;i center, marie All
American in 1!»20. The Indians of
102!>. coached by the legendary
Glenn S. ("Pop") Warner, rolled I
up nine victories against two
losses and finished second in the
conference.
The Campus Shell Station,
owned by former Stanford All-
American gridder Walt ileinecke.
will contribute gasoline and other
materials for the P»ig (lame bon
fire.
Ileinecke. ;i center, marie All
American in 1!»20. The Indians of
102!>. coached by the legendary
Glenn S. ("Pop") Warner, rolled I
up nine victories against two
losses and finished second in the
conference.
The Campus Shell Station,
owned by former Stanford All-
American gridder Walt ileinecke.
will contribute gasoline and other
materials for the P»ig (lame bon
fire.
Ileinecke. ;i center, marie All
American in 1!»20. The Indians of
102!>. coached by the legendary
Glenn S. ("Pop") Warner, rolled I
up nine victories against two
losses and finished second in the
conference.
The Campus Shell Station,
owned by former Stanford All-
American gridder Walt ileinecke.
will contribute gasoline and other
materials for the P»ig (lame bon
fire.
Ileinecke. ;i center, marie All
American in 1!»20. The Indians of
102!>. coached by the legendary
Glenn S. ("Pop") Warner, rolled I
up nine victories against two
losses and finished second in the
conference.
The Campus Shell Station,
owned by former Stanford All-
American gridder Walt ileinecke.
will contribute gasoline and other
materials for the P»ig (lame bon
fire.
Ileinecke. ;i center, marie All
American in 1!»20. The Indians of
102!>. coached by the legendary
Glenn S. ("Pop") Warner, rolled I
up nine victories against two
losses and finished second in the
conference.
