# Check on War Knitting Planned at Dean Yost's
## 
### 
All women who are knitting for
Belgian Relief are asked to bring
their work, complete or incom
plete. to the knitting group meet
ing tomorrow from 2 to 1 p.m. at
the home of Miss Mary Yost, dean
of women, according to Pat Meyer,
knitting committee chairman. It is
necessary to check on progress, as
time is growing short. Mi%s Meyer
said.
All women who are knitting for
Belgian Relief are asked to bring
their work, complete or incom
plete. to the knitting group meet
ing tomorrow from 2 to 1 p.m. at
the home of Miss Mary Yost, dean
of women, according to Pat Meyer,
knitting committee chairman. It is
necessary to check on progress, as
time is growing short. Mi%s Meyer
said.
All women who are knitting for
Belgian Relief are asked to bring
their work, complete or incom
plete. to the knitting group meet
ing tomorrow from 2 to 1 p.m. at
the home of Miss Mary Yost, dean
of women, according to Pat Meyer,
knitting committee chairman. It is
necessary to check on progress, as
time is growing short. Mi%s Meyer
said.
All women who are knitting for
Belgian Relief are asked to bring
their work, complete or incom
plete. to the knitting group meet
ing tomorrow from 2 to 1 p.m. at
the home of Miss Mary Yost, dean
of women, according to Pat Meyer,
knitting committee chairman. It is
necessary to check on progress, as
time is growing short. Mi%s Meyer
said.
All women who are knitting for
Belgian Relief are asked to bring
their work, complete or incom
plete. to the knitting group meet
ing tomorrow from 2 to 1 p.m. at
the home of Miss Mary Yost, dean
of women, according to Pat Meyer,
knitting committee chairman. It is
necessary to check on progress, as
time is growing short. Mi%s Meyer
said.
All women who are knitting for
Belgian Relief are asked to bring
their work, complete or incom
plete. to the knitting group meet
ing tomorrow from 2 to 1 p.m. at
the home of Miss Mary Yost, dean
of women, according to Pat Meyer,
knitting committee chairman. It is
necessary to check on progress, as
time is growing short. Mi%s Meyer
said.
All women who are knitting for
Belgian Relief are asked to bring
their work, complete or incom
plete. to the knitting group meet
ing tomorrow from 2 to 1 p.m. at
the home of Miss Mary Yost, dean
of women, according to Pat Meyer,
knitting committee chairman. It is
necessary to check on progress, as
time is growing short. Mi%s Meyer
said.
All women who are knitting for
Belgian Relief are asked to bring
their work, complete or incom
plete. to the knitting group meet
ing tomorrow from 2 to 1 p.m. at
the home of Miss Mary Yost, dean
of women, according to Pat Meyer,
knitting committee chairman. It is
necessary to check on progress, as
time is growing short. Mi%s Meyer
said.
All women who are knitting for
Belgian Relief are asked to bring
their work, complete or incom
plete. to the knitting group meet
ing tomorrow from 2 to 1 p.m. at
the home of Miss Mary Yost, dean
of women, according to Pat Meyer,
knitting committee chairman. It is
necessary to check on progress, as
time is growing short. Mi%s Meyer
said.
All women who are knitting for
Belgian Relief are asked to bring
their work, complete or incom
plete. to the knitting group meet
ing tomorrow from 2 to 1 p.m. at
the home of Miss Mary Yost, dean
of women, according to Pat Meyer,
knitting committee chairman. It is
necessary to check on progress, as
time is growing short. Mi%s Meyer
said.
All women who are knitting for
Belgian Relief are asked to bring
their work, complete or incom
plete. to the knitting group meet
ing tomorrow from 2 to 1 p.m. at
the home of Miss Mary Yost, dean
of women, according to Pat Meyer,
knitting committee chairman. It is
necessary to check on progress, as
time is growing short. Mi%s Meyer
said.
All women who are knitting for
Belgian Relief are asked to bring
their work, complete or incom
plete. to the knitting group meet
ing tomorrow from 2 to 1 p.m. at
the home of Miss Mary Yost, dean
of women, according to Pat Meyer,
knitting committee chairman. It is
necessary to check on progress, as
time is growing short. Mi%s Meyer
said.
All women who are knitting for
Belgian Relief are asked to bring
their work, complete or incom
plete. to the knitting group meet
ing tomorrow from 2 to 1 p.m. at
the home of Miss Mary Yost, dean
of women, according to Pat Meyer,
knitting committee chairman. It is
necessary to check on progress, as
time is growing short. Mi%s Meyer
said.
All women who are knitting for
Belgian Relief are asked to bring
their work, complete or incom
plete. to the knitting group meet
ing tomorrow from 2 to 1 p.m. at
the home of Miss Mary Yost, dean
of women, according to Pat Meyer,
knitting committee chairman. It is
necessary to check on progress, as
time is growing short. Mi%s Meyer
said.
All women who are knitting for
Belgian Relief are asked to bring
their work, complete or incom
plete. to the knitting group meet
ing tomorrow from 2 to 1 p.m. at
the home of Miss Mary Yost, dean
of women, according to Pat Meyer,
knitting committee chairman. It is
necessary to check on progress, as
time is growing short. Mi%s Meyer
said.
All women who are knitting for
Belgian Relief are asked to bring
their work, complete or incom
plete. to the knitting group meet
ing tomorrow from 2 to 1 p.m. at
the home of Miss Mary Yost, dean
of women, according to Pat Meyer,
knitting committee chairman. It is
necessary to check on progress, as
time is growing short. Mi%s Meyer
said.
