# Ballet Russe At Stanford November 29
## 
### 
Under the sponsorship of the Con
cert Series, the Ballet Russe de
Monte Carlo, starring Alexandra
Danilova, will make its appearance
at Memorial Hall November 29.
Danilova, the foremost ballerina in
the Russian tradition, is making her
eleventh consecutive American tour
with this famous company and is the
only ballerina on the stage today to
have been with the epoch-making
Diaghileff ballet in that capacity.
Born in St. Petersburg of a mili
tary family, Danilova was trained at
the Russian Academy of the Dance.
Under the Soviet regime she danced
at the famous Maryinsky Theatre,
the traditional home of Russian bal
let, from which emerged Pavlova,
Karsavina, and all the other great
luminaries of the world of classical
ballet.
Danilova built up her reputation
for a mastery of both classic and
character portrayals by playing a
wide variety of leading roles in Lon
don, Paris and America. This year
she added the role of Tao Hoa in
"The Red Poppy" to her gallery of
remarkable creations.


ALEXANDRA DANILOVA
. . . Ballerina
Under the sponsorship of the Con
cert Series, the Ballet Russe de
Monte Carlo, starring Alexandra
Danilova, will make its appearance
at Memorial Hall November 29.
Danilova, the foremost ballerina in
the Russian tradition, is making her
eleventh consecutive American tour
with this famous company and is the
only ballerina on the stage today to
have been with the epoch-making
Diaghileff ballet in that capacity.
Born in St. Petersburg of a mili
tary family, Danilova was trained at
the Russian Academy of the Dance.
Under the Soviet regime she danced
at the famous Maryinsky Theatre,
the traditional home of Russian bal
let, from which emerged Pavlova,
Karsavina, and all the other great
luminaries of the world of classical
ballet.
Danilova built up her reputation
for a mastery of both classic and
character portrayals by playing a
wide variety of leading roles in Lon
don, Paris and America. This year
she added the role of Tao Hoa in
"The Red Poppy" to her gallery of
remarkable creations.


ALEXANDRA DANILOVA
. . . Ballerina
Under the sponsorship of the Con
cert Series, the Ballet Russe de
Monte Carlo, starring Alexandra
Danilova, will make its appearance
at Memorial Hall November 29.
Danilova, the foremost ballerina in
the Russian tradition, is making her
eleventh consecutive American tour
with this famous company and is the
only ballerina on the stage today to
have been with the epoch-making
Diaghileff ballet in that capacity.
Born in St. Petersburg of a mili
tary family, Danilova was trained at
the Russian Academy of the Dance.
Under the Soviet regime she danced
at the famous Maryinsky Theatre,
the traditional home of Russian bal
let, from which emerged Pavlova,
Karsavina, and all the other great
luminaries of the world of classical
ballet.
Danilova built up her reputation
for a mastery of both classic and
character portrayals by playing a
wide variety of leading roles in Lon
don, Paris and America. This year
she added the role of Tao Hoa in
"The Red Poppy" to her gallery of
remarkable creations.


ALEXANDRA DANILOVA
. . . Ballerina
Under the sponsorship of the Con
cert Series, the Ballet Russe de
Monte Carlo, starring Alexandra
Danilova, will make its appearance
at Memorial Hall November 29.
Danilova, the foremost ballerina in
the Russian tradition, is making her
eleventh consecutive American tour
with this famous company and is the
only ballerina on the stage today to
have been with the epoch-making
Diaghileff ballet in that capacity.
Born in St. Petersburg of a mili
tary family, Danilova was trained at
the Russian Academy of the Dance.
Under the Soviet regime she danced
at the famous Maryinsky Theatre,
the traditional home of Russian bal
let, from which emerged Pavlova,
Karsavina, and all the other great
luminaries of the world of classical
ballet.
Danilova built up her reputation
for a mastery of both classic and
character portrayals by playing a
wide variety of leading roles in Lon
don, Paris and America. This year
she added the role of Tao Hoa in
"The Red Poppy" to her gallery of
remarkable creations.


ALEXANDRA DANILOVA
. . . Ballerina
Under the sponsorship of the Con
cert Series, the Ballet Russe de
Monte Carlo, starring Alexandra
Danilova, will make its appearance
at Memorial Hall November 29.
Danilova, the foremost ballerina in
the Russian tradition, is making her
eleventh consecutive American tour
with this famous company and is the
only ballerina on the stage today to
have been with the epoch-making
Diaghileff ballet in that capacity.
Born in St. Petersburg of a mili
tary family, Danilova was trained at
the Russian Academy of the Dance.
Under the Soviet regime she danced
at the famous Maryinsky Theatre,
the traditional home of Russian bal
let, from which emerged Pavlova,
Karsavina, and all the other great
luminaries of the world of classical
ballet.
Danilova built up her reputation
for a mastery of both classic and
character portrayals by playing a
wide variety of leading roles in Lon
don, Paris and America. This year
she added the role of Tao Hoa in
"The Red Poppy" to her gallery of
remarkable creations.


ALEXANDRA DANILOVA
. . . Ballerina
Under the sponsorship of the Con
cert Series, the Ballet Russe de
Monte Carlo, starring Alexandra
Danilova, will make its appearance
at Memorial Hall November 29.
Danilova, the foremost ballerina in
the Russian tradition, is making her
eleventh consecutive American tour
with this famous company and is the
only ballerina on the stage today to
have been with the epoch-making
Diaghileff ballet in that capacity.
Born in St. Petersburg of a mili
tary family, Danilova was trained at
the Russian Academy of the Dance.
Under the Soviet regime she danced
at the famous Maryinsky Theatre,
the traditional home of Russian bal
let, from which emerged Pavlova,
Karsavina, and all the other great
luminaries of the world of classical
ballet.
Danilova built up her reputation
for a mastery of both classic and
character portrayals by playing a
wide variety of leading roles in Lon
don, Paris and America. This year
she added the role of Tao Hoa in
"The Red Poppy" to her gallery of
remarkable creations.


ALEXANDRA DANILOVA
. . . Ballerina
Under the sponsorship of the Con
cert Series, the Ballet Russe de
Monte Carlo, starring Alexandra
Danilova, will make its appearance
at Memorial Hall November 29.
Danilova, the foremost ballerina in
the Russian tradition, is making her
eleventh consecutive American tour
with this famous company and is the
only ballerina on the stage today to
have been with the epoch-making
Diaghileff ballet in that capacity.
Born in St. Petersburg of a mili
tary family, Danilova was trained at
the Russian Academy of the Dance.
Under the Soviet regime she danced
at the famous Maryinsky Theatre,
the traditional home of Russian bal
let, from which emerged Pavlova,
Karsavina, and all the other great
luminaries of the world of classical
ballet.
Danilova built up her reputation
for a mastery of both classic and
character portrayals by playing a
wide variety of leading roles in Lon
don, Paris and America. This year
she added the role of Tao Hoa in
"The Red Poppy" to her gallery of
remarkable creations.


ALEXANDRA DANILOVA
. . . Ballerina
Under the sponsorship of the Con
cert Series, the Ballet Russe de
Monte Carlo, starring Alexandra
Danilova, will make its appearance
at Memorial Hall November 29.
Danilova, the foremost ballerina in
the Russian tradition, is making her
eleventh consecutive American tour
with this famous company and is the
only ballerina on the stage today to
have been with the epoch-making
Diaghileff ballet in that capacity.
Born in St. Petersburg of a mili
tary family, Danilova was trained at
the Russian Academy of the Dance.
Under the Soviet regime she danced
at the famous Maryinsky Theatre,
the traditional home of Russian bal
let, from which emerged Pavlova,
Karsavina, and all the other great
luminaries of the world of classical
ballet.
Danilova built up her reputation
for a mastery of both classic and
character portrayals by playing a
wide variety of leading roles in Lon
don, Paris and America. This year
she added the role of Tao Hoa in
"The Red Poppy" to her gallery of
remarkable creations.


ALEXANDRA DANILOVA
. . . Ballerina
Under the sponsorship of the Con
cert Series, the Ballet Russe de
Monte Carlo, starring Alexandra
Danilova, will make its appearance
at Memorial Hall November 29.
Danilova, the foremost ballerina in
the Russian tradition, is making her
eleventh consecutive American tour
with this famous company and is the
only ballerina on the stage today to
have been with the epoch-making
Diaghileff ballet in that capacity.
Born in St. Petersburg of a mili
tary family, Danilova was trained at
the Russian Academy of the Dance.
Under the Soviet regime she danced
at the famous Maryinsky Theatre,
the traditional home of Russian bal
let, from which emerged Pavlova,
Karsavina, and all the other great
luminaries of the world of classical
ballet.
Danilova built up her reputation
for a mastery of both classic and
character portrayals by playing a
wide variety of leading roles in Lon
don, Paris and America. This year
she added the role of Tao Hoa in
"The Red Poppy" to her gallery of
remarkable creations.


ALEXANDRA DANILOVA
. . . Ballerina
Under the sponsorship of the Con
cert Series, the Ballet Russe de
Monte Carlo, starring Alexandra
Danilova, will make its appearance
at Memorial Hall November 29.
Danilova, the foremost ballerina in
the Russian tradition, is making her
eleventh consecutive American tour
with this famous company and is the
only ballerina on the stage today to
have been with the epoch-making
Diaghileff ballet in that capacity.
Born in St. Petersburg of a mili
tary family, Danilova was trained at
the Russian Academy of the Dance.
Under the Soviet regime she danced
at the famous Maryinsky Theatre,
the traditional home of Russian bal
let, from which emerged Pavlova,
Karsavina, and all the other great
luminaries of the world of classical
ballet.
Danilova built up her reputation
for a mastery of both classic and
character portrayals by playing a
wide variety of leading roles in Lon
don, Paris and America. This year
she added the role of Tao Hoa in
"The Red Poppy" to her gallery of
remarkable creations.


ALEXANDRA DANILOVA
. . . Ballerina
Under the sponsorship of the Con
cert Series, the Ballet Russe de
Monte Carlo, starring Alexandra
Danilova, will make its appearance
at Memorial Hall November 29.
Danilova, the foremost ballerina in
the Russian tradition, is making her
eleventh consecutive American tour
with this famous company and is the
only ballerina on the stage today to
have been with the epoch-making
Diaghileff ballet in that capacity.
Born in St. Petersburg of a mili
tary family, Danilova was trained at
the Russian Academy of the Dance.
Under the Soviet regime she danced
at the famous Maryinsky Theatre,
the traditional home of Russian bal
let, from which emerged Pavlova,
Karsavina, and all the other great
luminaries of the world of classical
ballet.
Danilova built up her reputation
for a mastery of both classic and
character portrayals by playing a
wide variety of leading roles in Lon
don, Paris and America. This year
she added the role of Tao Hoa in
"The Red Poppy" to her gallery of
remarkable creations.


ALEXANDRA DANILOVA
. . . Ballerina
Under the sponsorship of the Con
cert Series, the Ballet Russe de
Monte Carlo, starring Alexandra
Danilova, will make its appearance
at Memorial Hall November 29.
Danilova, the foremost ballerina in
the Russian tradition, is making her
eleventh consecutive American tour
with this famous company and is the
only ballerina on the stage today to
have been with the epoch-making
Diaghileff ballet in that capacity.
Born in St. Petersburg of a mili
tary family, Danilova was trained at
the Russian Academy of the Dance.
Under the Soviet regime she danced
at the famous Maryinsky Theatre,
the traditional home of Russian bal
let, from which emerged Pavlova,
Karsavina, and all the other great
luminaries of the world of classical
ballet.
Danilova built up her reputation
for a mastery of both classic and
character portrayals by playing a
wide variety of leading roles in Lon
don, Paris and America. This year
she added the role of Tao Hoa in
"The Red Poppy" to her gallery of
remarkable creations.


ALEXANDRA DANILOVA
. . . Ballerina
Under the sponsorship of the Con
cert Series, the Ballet Russe de
Monte Carlo, starring Alexandra
Danilova, will make its appearance
at Memorial Hall November 29.
Danilova, the foremost ballerina in
the Russian tradition, is making her
eleventh consecutive American tour
with this famous company and is the
only ballerina on the stage today to
have been with the epoch-making
Diaghileff ballet in that capacity.
Born in St. Petersburg of a mili
tary family, Danilova was trained at
the Russian Academy of the Dance.
Under the Soviet regime she danced
at the famous Maryinsky Theatre,
the traditional home of Russian bal
let, from which emerged Pavlova,
Karsavina, and all the other great
luminaries of the world of classical
ballet.
Danilova built up her reputation
for a mastery of both classic and
character portrayals by playing a
wide variety of leading roles in Lon
don, Paris and America. This year
she added the role of Tao Hoa in
"The Red Poppy" to her gallery of
remarkable creations.


ALEXANDRA DANILOVA
. . . Ballerina
Under the sponsorship of the Con
cert Series, the Ballet Russe de
Monte Carlo, starring Alexandra
Danilova, will make its appearance
at Memorial Hall November 29.
Danilova, the foremost ballerina in
the Russian tradition, is making her
eleventh consecutive American tour
with this famous company and is the
only ballerina on the stage today to
have been with the epoch-making
Diaghileff ballet in that capacity.
Born in St. Petersburg of a mili
tary family, Danilova was trained at
the Russian Academy of the Dance.
Under the Soviet regime she danced
at the famous Maryinsky Theatre,
the traditional home of Russian bal
let, from which emerged Pavlova,
Karsavina, and all the other great
luminaries of the world of classical
ballet.
Danilova built up her reputation
for a mastery of both classic and
character portrayals by playing a
wide variety of leading roles in Lon
don, Paris and America. This year
she added the role of Tao Hoa in
"The Red Poppy" to her gallery of
remarkable creations.


ALEXANDRA DANILOVA
. . . Ballerina
Under the sponsorship of the Con
cert Series, the Ballet Russe de
Monte Carlo, starring Alexandra
Danilova, will make its appearance
at Memorial Hall November 29.
Danilova, the foremost ballerina in
the Russian tradition, is making her
eleventh consecutive American tour
with this famous company and is the
only ballerina on the stage today to
have been with the epoch-making
Diaghileff ballet in that capacity.
Born in St. Petersburg of a mili
tary family, Danilova was trained at
the Russian Academy of the Dance.
Under the Soviet regime she danced
at the famous Maryinsky Theatre,
the traditional home of Russian bal
let, from which emerged Pavlova,
Karsavina, and all the other great
luminaries of the world of classical
ballet.
Danilova built up her reputation
for a mastery of both classic and
character portrayals by playing a
wide variety of leading roles in Lon
don, Paris and America. This year
she added the role of Tao Hoa in
"The Red Poppy" to her gallery of
remarkable creations.


ALEXANDRA DANILOVA
. . . Ballerina
Under the sponsorship of the Con
cert Series, the Ballet Russe de
Monte Carlo, starring Alexandra
Danilova, will make its appearance
at Memorial Hall November 29.
Danilova, the foremost ballerina in
the Russian tradition, is making her
eleventh consecutive American tour
with this famous company and is the
only ballerina on the stage today to
have been with the epoch-making
Diaghileff ballet in that capacity.
Born in St. Petersburg of a mili
tary family, Danilova was trained at
the Russian Academy of the Dance.
Under the Soviet regime she danced
at the famous Maryinsky Theatre,
the traditional home of Russian bal
let, from which emerged Pavlova,
Karsavina, and all the other great
luminaries of the world of classical
ballet.
Danilova built up her reputation
for a mastery of both classic and
character portrayals by playing a
wide variety of leading roles in Lon
don, Paris and America. This year
she added the role of Tao Hoa in
"The Red Poppy" to her gallery of
remarkable creations.


ALEXANDRA DANILOVA
. . . Ballerina
Under the sponsorship of the Con
cert Series, the Ballet Russe de
Monte Carlo, starring Alexandra
Danilova, will make its appearance
at Memorial Hall November 29.
Danilova, the foremost ballerina in
the Russian tradition, is making her
eleventh consecutive American tour
with this famous company and is the
only ballerina on the stage today to
have been with the epoch-making
Diaghileff ballet in that capacity.
Born in St. Petersburg of a mili
tary family, Danilova was trained at
the Russian Academy of the Dance.
Under the Soviet regime she danced
at the famous Maryinsky Theatre,
the traditional home of Russian bal
let, from which emerged Pavlova,
Karsavina, and all the other great
luminaries of the world of classical
ballet.
Danilova built up her reputation
for a mastery of both classic and
character portrayals by playing a
wide variety of leading roles in Lon
don, Paris and America. This year
she added the role of Tao Hoa in
"The Red Poppy" to her gallery of
remarkable creations.


ALEXANDRA DANILOVA
. . . Ballerina
