# Tokyo Professor Visits Department of Geology
## 
### 
Tsunenaka Iki, Professor of Petro
leum Engineering at the Tokyo Im
perial University, Tokyo, Japan, vis
ited the Geology department yester
day. Professor Iki is spending three
months visiting the oil fields of the
United States.
Tsunenaka Iki, Professor of Petro
leum Engineering at the Tokyo Im
perial University, Tokyo, Japan, vis
ited the Geology department yester
day. Professor Iki is spending three
months visiting the oil fields of the
United States.
Tsunenaka Iki, Professor of Petro
leum Engineering at the Tokyo Im
perial University, Tokyo, Japan, vis
ited the Geology department yester
day. Professor Iki is spending three
months visiting the oil fields of the
United States.
Tsunenaka Iki, Professor of Petro
leum Engineering at the Tokyo Im
perial University, Tokyo, Japan, vis
ited the Geology department yester
day. Professor Iki is spending three
months visiting the oil fields of the
United States.
Tsunenaka Iki, Professor of Petro
leum Engineering at the Tokyo Im
perial University, Tokyo, Japan, vis
ited the Geology department yester
day. Professor Iki is spending three
months visiting the oil fields of the
United States.
Tsunenaka Iki, Professor of Petro
leum Engineering at the Tokyo Im
perial University, Tokyo, Japan, vis
ited the Geology department yester
day. Professor Iki is spending three
months visiting the oil fields of the
United States.
Tsunenaka Iki, Professor of Petro
leum Engineering at the Tokyo Im
perial University, Tokyo, Japan, vis
ited the Geology department yester
day. Professor Iki is spending three
months visiting the oil fields of the
United States.
Tsunenaka Iki, Professor of Petro
leum Engineering at the Tokyo Im
perial University, Tokyo, Japan, vis
ited the Geology department yester
day. Professor Iki is spending three
months visiting the oil fields of the
United States.
Tsunenaka Iki, Professor of Petro
leum Engineering at the Tokyo Im
perial University, Tokyo, Japan, vis
ited the Geology department yester
day. Professor Iki is spending three
months visiting the oil fields of the
United States.
Tsunenaka Iki, Professor of Petro
leum Engineering at the Tokyo Im
perial University, Tokyo, Japan, vis
ited the Geology department yester
day. Professor Iki is spending three
months visiting the oil fields of the
United States.
Tsunenaka Iki, Professor of Petro
leum Engineering at the Tokyo Im
perial University, Tokyo, Japan, vis
ited the Geology department yester
day. Professor Iki is spending three
months visiting the oil fields of the
United States.
Tsunenaka Iki, Professor of Petro
leum Engineering at the Tokyo Im
perial University, Tokyo, Japan, vis
ited the Geology department yester
day. Professor Iki is spending three
months visiting the oil fields of the
United States.
Tsunenaka Iki, Professor of Petro
leum Engineering at the Tokyo Im
perial University, Tokyo, Japan, vis
ited the Geology department yester
day. Professor Iki is spending three
months visiting the oil fields of the
United States.
Tsunenaka Iki, Professor of Petro
leum Engineering at the Tokyo Im
perial University, Tokyo, Japan, vis
ited the Geology department yester
day. Professor Iki is spending three
months visiting the oil fields of the
United States.
Tsunenaka Iki, Professor of Petro
leum Engineering at the Tokyo Im
perial University, Tokyo, Japan, vis
ited the Geology department yester
day. Professor Iki is spending three
months visiting the oil fields of the
United States.
