# Stanford Man Appointed Manager at Fresno State
## 
### 
Preston Williston, former Stanford
football player, was yesterday api>oint
ed graduate manager of Fresno State
College.
Preston Williston, former Stanford
football player, was yesterday api>oint
ed graduate manager of Fresno State
College.
Preston Williston, former Stanford
football player, was yesterday api>oint
ed graduate manager of Fresno State
College.
Preston Williston, former Stanford
football player, was yesterday api>oint
ed graduate manager of Fresno State
College.
Preston Williston, former Stanford
football player, was yesterday api>oint
ed graduate manager of Fresno State
College.
Preston Williston, former Stanford
football player, was yesterday api>oint
ed graduate manager of Fresno State
College.
Preston Williston, former Stanford
football player, was yesterday api>oint
ed graduate manager of Fresno State
College.
Preston Williston, former Stanford
football player, was yesterday api>oint
ed graduate manager of Fresno State
College.
Preston Williston, former Stanford
football player, was yesterday api>oint
ed graduate manager of Fresno State
College.
Preston Williston, former Stanford
football player, was yesterday api>oint
ed graduate manager of Fresno State
College.
Preston Williston, former Stanford
football player, was yesterday api>oint
ed graduate manager of Fresno State
College.
Preston Williston, former Stanford
football player, was yesterday api>oint
ed graduate manager of Fresno State
College.
Preston Williston, former Stanford
football player, was yesterday api>oint
ed graduate manager of Fresno State
College.
Preston Williston, former Stanford
football player, was yesterday api>oint
ed graduate manager of Fresno State
College.
Preston Williston, former Stanford
football player, was yesterday api>oint
ed graduate manager of Fresno State
College.
