# Becking to Attend London Centenary Celebration
## 
### 
Laurence B. Becking, Professor of
Economic Biology, will represent Stan
ford at tlie University of London, Eng
land, when it celebrates its one hun
dredth anniversary on June 23. Repre
sentatives from all the great univer
sities will he present to participate
in the celebration.
The first issue of a college comic to
be published and edited in the South
by women only was circulated at the
Mississippi State College for Women
recently.
Laurence B. Becking, Professor of
Economic Biology, will represent Stan
ford at tlie University of London, Eng
land, when it celebrates its one hun
dredth anniversary on June 23. Repre
sentatives from all the great univer
sities will he present to participate
in the celebration.
The first issue of a college comic to
be published and edited in the South
by women only was circulated at the
Mississippi State College for Women
recently.
Laurence B. Becking, Professor of
Economic Biology, will represent Stan
ford at tlie University of London, Eng
land, when it celebrates its one hun
dredth anniversary on June 23. Repre
sentatives from all the great univer
sities will he present to participate
in the celebration.
The first issue of a college comic to
be published and edited in the South
by women only was circulated at the
Mississippi State College for Women
recently.
Laurence B. Becking, Professor of
Economic Biology, will represent Stan
ford at tlie University of London, Eng
land, when it celebrates its one hun
dredth anniversary on June 23. Repre
sentatives from all the great univer
sities will he present to participate
in the celebration.
The first issue of a college comic to
be published and edited in the South
by women only was circulated at the
Mississippi State College for Women
recently.
Laurence B. Becking, Professor of
Economic Biology, will represent Stan
ford at tlie University of London, Eng
land, when it celebrates its one hun
dredth anniversary on June 23. Repre
sentatives from all the great univer
sities will he present to participate
in the celebration.
The first issue of a college comic to
be published and edited in the South
by women only was circulated at the
Mississippi State College for Women
recently.
Laurence B. Becking, Professor of
Economic Biology, will represent Stan
ford at tlie University of London, Eng
land, when it celebrates its one hun
dredth anniversary on June 23. Repre
sentatives from all the great univer
sities will he present to participate
in the celebration.
The first issue of a college comic to
be published and edited in the South
by women only was circulated at the
Mississippi State College for Women
recently.
Laurence B. Becking, Professor of
Economic Biology, will represent Stan
ford at tlie University of London, Eng
land, when it celebrates its one hun
dredth anniversary on June 23. Repre
sentatives from all the great univer
sities will he present to participate
in the celebration.
The first issue of a college comic to
be published and edited in the South
by women only was circulated at the
Mississippi State College for Women
recently.
Laurence B. Becking, Professor of
Economic Biology, will represent Stan
ford at tlie University of London, Eng
land, when it celebrates its one hun
dredth anniversary on June 23. Repre
sentatives from all the great univer
sities will he present to participate
in the celebration.
The first issue of a college comic to
be published and edited in the South
by women only was circulated at the
Mississippi State College for Women
recently.
Laurence B. Becking, Professor of
Economic Biology, will represent Stan
ford at tlie University of London, Eng
land, when it celebrates its one hun
dredth anniversary on June 23. Repre
sentatives from all the great univer
sities will he present to participate
in the celebration.
The first issue of a college comic to
be published and edited in the South
by women only was circulated at the
Mississippi State College for Women
recently.
Laurence B. Becking, Professor of
Economic Biology, will represent Stan
ford at tlie University of London, Eng
land, when it celebrates its one hun
dredth anniversary on June 23. Repre
sentatives from all the great univer
sities will he present to participate
in the celebration.
The first issue of a college comic to
be published and edited in the South
by women only was circulated at the
Mississippi State College for Women
recently.
Laurence B. Becking, Professor of
Economic Biology, will represent Stan
ford at tlie University of London, Eng
land, when it celebrates its one hun
dredth anniversary on June 23. Repre
sentatives from all the great univer
sities will he present to participate
in the celebration.
The first issue of a college comic to
be published and edited in the South
by women only was circulated at the
Mississippi State College for Women
recently.
Laurence B. Becking, Professor of
Economic Biology, will represent Stan
ford at tlie University of London, Eng
land, when it celebrates its one hun
dredth anniversary on June 23. Repre
sentatives from all the great univer
sities will he present to participate
in the celebration.
The first issue of a college comic to
be published and edited in the South
by women only was circulated at the
Mississippi State College for Women
recently.
Laurence B. Becking, Professor of
Economic Biology, will represent Stan
ford at tlie University of London, Eng
land, when it celebrates its one hun
dredth anniversary on June 23. Repre
sentatives from all the great univer
sities will he present to participate
in the celebration.
The first issue of a college comic to
be published and edited in the South
by women only was circulated at the
Mississippi State College for Women
recently.
Laurence B. Becking, Professor of
Economic Biology, will represent Stan
ford at tlie University of London, Eng
land, when it celebrates its one hun
dredth anniversary on June 23. Repre
sentatives from all the great univer
sities will he present to participate
in the celebration.
The first issue of a college comic to
be published and edited in the South
by women only was circulated at the
Mississippi State College for Women
recently.
Laurence B. Becking, Professor of
Economic Biology, will represent Stan
ford at tlie University of London, Eng
land, when it celebrates its one hun
dredth anniversary on June 23. Repre
sentatives from all the great univer
sities will he present to participate
in the celebration.
The first issue of a college comic to
be published and edited in the South
by women only was circulated at the
Mississippi State College for Women
recently.
