# Injuries Received During 1905.
## 
### 
"Sprained thumb, 1; fractured
fibula, 1; cuts (required stitches),
12; bruises (e), 6; dislocation of
elbow, 1; teno - synovitis tendo-
Achilles, 1; dislocation of siphoid
cartilage, 1; injury to back (112), 9;
synovitis of knee (g), 3; sprained
ankle, 13; strained muscle of side,
2; crushed fingers, 1; contusion of
knee, 1; contusion of side, 1; frac
tured rib, 5; rupture of internal
lateral ligament knee, 1; disloca
tion of shouider (h), 2; concussion,
19; ruptured muscle, 6; dislocated
semilunar cartilage, 10; contusion
of elbow, 1; compound dislocation
of fingers, 2; traumatic valgus, 1;
fracture of zygoma, 2; torn ear
(sutured), 3; broken nose, 7; frac
ture of rim of pelvis, 4; fractured
clavicle, 1; bruised hip, 2; frac
ture of semilunar of wrist, 1; dis
location of acromical end clavicle,
11; fractured finger, 4; broken sec
ond cervical vertebra, 1; disloca
tion of inner end of clavicle, 1;
rupture of biceps of leg, 1; middle
minineeal hemorrhage, 1; hema
toma of ear, 2; fracture of meta
carpal bones, 3; sprained elbow, 1;
total, 145.
