# War Board Plans Blood Bank Drive
## 
### 
As one project of Stanford's pres
ent Red Cross drive, a contest be
tween living-groups for the largest
total sign-ups for Blood Bank dona
tions is being sponsored by War
Board, according to Coot Coffin,
chairman of Blood Bank.
The sign-up sheets—one for each
donation day from March 15 through
May—are now posted on the bulletin
board on Engineering Corner. The
contest, first having started last
Monday is to extend through this
Friday, March 10.
The next Blood Bank day and the
last one of this quarter will be next
Thursday, March 15. As usual, the
Red Cross station wagon will pick
up each donor 20 minutes before the
individual appointments at Engineer
ing Corner.
