# Eurich Presents Books to Library
## 
### 
Nearly 2.000 items from the per
sonal library of Dr. Alvin C. En
rich have been presented to the
Stanford library, it was announced
yesterday by Dr. Raynard C.
Swank.
The books were given to Stanford
when Dr. Eurich. former acting
president of the University, left late
in December to take over his new
duties as president of New York
State University.
Dr. Swank also announced that
George Morrell, Stanford trustee
and president of Peninsula News
papers, Inc., had presented to the
libraries an original issue of the
London Times of Oct. I), 1798.
Another gift reported by the di
rector of libraries was a portfolio
of eight water colors by Wilder
Bentley, presented through Dr. Na
than van Patten, professor of bib
liography, by a group of friends in
memory of the late Will A. Friend,
for 25 years manager of the Stan
ford University Press. Mr. Friend
died Dec. 16.
