# Stanford Targeteers Downed by Spartans
## 
### 
Stanford's rifle team finished 25
points behind the San Jose State
targeteers on Jan. 3 in their first
match of the season.
Only the top five scorers for each
team were entered into the final
reckoning. Frances Lynn, the lone
gal on the Stanford firing squad,
rang up the second highest score of
die day by firing a 273 out of a
possible 300.
Stanford's rifle team finished 25
points behind the San Jose State
targeteers on Jan. 3 in their first
match of the season.
Only the top five scorers for each
team were entered into the final
reckoning. Frances Lynn, the lone
gal on the Stanford firing squad,
rang up the second highest score of
die day by firing a 273 out of a
possible 300.
Stanford's rifle team finished 25
points behind the San Jose State
targeteers on Jan. 3 in their first
match of the season.
Only the top five scorers for each
team were entered into the final
reckoning. Frances Lynn, the lone
gal on the Stanford firing squad,
rang up the second highest score of
die day by firing a 273 out of a
possible 300.
Stanford's rifle team finished 25
points behind the San Jose State
targeteers on Jan. 3 in their first
match of the season.
Only the top five scorers for each
team were entered into the final
reckoning. Frances Lynn, the lone
gal on the Stanford firing squad,
rang up the second highest score of
die day by firing a 273 out of a
possible 300.
Stanford's rifle team finished 25
points behind the San Jose State
targeteers on Jan. 3 in their first
match of the season.
Only the top five scorers for each
team were entered into the final
reckoning. Frances Lynn, the lone
gal on the Stanford firing squad,
rang up the second highest score of
die day by firing a 273 out of a
possible 300.
Stanford's rifle team finished 25
points behind the San Jose State
targeteers on Jan. 3 in their first
match of the season.
Only the top five scorers for each
team were entered into the final
reckoning. Frances Lynn, the lone
gal on the Stanford firing squad,
rang up the second highest score of
die day by firing a 273 out of a
possible 300.
Stanford's rifle team finished 25
points behind the San Jose State
targeteers on Jan. 3 in their first
match of the season.
Only the top five scorers for each
team were entered into the final
reckoning. Frances Lynn, the lone
gal on the Stanford firing squad,
rang up the second highest score of
die day by firing a 273 out of a
possible 300.
Stanford's rifle team finished 25
points behind the San Jose State
targeteers on Jan. 3 in their first
match of the season.
Only the top five scorers for each
team were entered into the final
reckoning. Frances Lynn, the lone
gal on the Stanford firing squad,
rang up the second highest score of
die day by firing a 273 out of a
possible 300.
Stanford's rifle team finished 25
points behind the San Jose State
targeteers on Jan. 3 in their first
match of the season.
Only the top five scorers for each
team were entered into the final
reckoning. Frances Lynn, the lone
gal on the Stanford firing squad,
rang up the second highest score of
die day by firing a 273 out of a
possible 300.
Stanford's rifle team finished 25
points behind the San Jose State
targeteers on Jan. 3 in their first
match of the season.
Only the top five scorers for each
team were entered into the final
reckoning. Frances Lynn, the lone
gal on the Stanford firing squad,
rang up the second highest score of
die day by firing a 273 out of a
possible 300.
Stanford's rifle team finished 25
points behind the San Jose State
targeteers on Jan. 3 in their first
match of the season.
Only the top five scorers for each
team were entered into the final
reckoning. Frances Lynn, the lone
gal on the Stanford firing squad,
rang up the second highest score of
die day by firing a 273 out of a
possible 300.
Stanford's rifle team finished 25
points behind the San Jose State
targeteers on Jan. 3 in their first
match of the season.
Only the top five scorers for each
team were entered into the final
reckoning. Frances Lynn, the lone
gal on the Stanford firing squad,
rang up the second highest score of
die day by firing a 273 out of a
possible 300.
Stanford's rifle team finished 25
points behind the San Jose State
targeteers on Jan. 3 in their first
match of the season.
Only the top five scorers for each
team were entered into the final
reckoning. Frances Lynn, the lone
gal on the Stanford firing squad,
rang up the second highest score of
die day by firing a 273 out of a
possible 300.
Stanford's rifle team finished 25
points behind the San Jose State
targeteers on Jan. 3 in their first
match of the season.
Only the top five scorers for each
team were entered into the final
reckoning. Frances Lynn, the lone
gal on the Stanford firing squad,
rang up the second highest score of
die day by firing a 273 out of a
possible 300.
Stanford's rifle team finished 25
points behind the San Jose State
targeteers on Jan. 3 in their first
match of the season.
Only the top five scorers for each
team were entered into the final
reckoning. Frances Lynn, the lone
gal on the Stanford firing squad,
rang up the second highest score of
die day by firing a 273 out of a
possible 300.
