# GOLF MEETING TODAY
## 
### 
All those interested in varsity
frosh golf are invited to come ;
meet Stanford's new coach. 11
Finger, this afternoon at 4 at
clubhouse on the Stanford >
course. The plans for the com
season will also be discussed.
All those interested in varsity
frosh golf are invited to come ;
meet Stanford's new coach. 11
Finger, this afternoon at 4 at
clubhouse on the Stanford >
course. The plans for the com
season will also be discussed.
All those interested in varsity
frosh golf are invited to come ;
meet Stanford's new coach. 11
Finger, this afternoon at 4 at
clubhouse on the Stanford >
course. The plans for the com
season will also be discussed.
All those interested in varsity
frosh golf are invited to come ;
meet Stanford's new coach. 11
Finger, this afternoon at 4 at
clubhouse on the Stanford >
course. The plans for the com
season will also be discussed.
All those interested in varsity
frosh golf are invited to come ;
meet Stanford's new coach. 11
Finger, this afternoon at 4 at
clubhouse on the Stanford >
course. The plans for the com
season will also be discussed.
All those interested in varsity
frosh golf are invited to come ;
meet Stanford's new coach. 11
Finger, this afternoon at 4 at
clubhouse on the Stanford >
course. The plans for the com
season will also be discussed.
All those interested in varsity
frosh golf are invited to come ;
meet Stanford's new coach. 11
Finger, this afternoon at 4 at
clubhouse on the Stanford >
course. The plans for the com
season will also be discussed.
All those interested in varsity
frosh golf are invited to come ;
meet Stanford's new coach. 11
Finger, this afternoon at 4 at
clubhouse on the Stanford >
course. The plans for the com
season will also be discussed.
All those interested in varsity
frosh golf are invited to come ;
meet Stanford's new coach. 11
Finger, this afternoon at 4 at
clubhouse on the Stanford >
course. The plans for the com
season will also be discussed.
All those interested in varsity
frosh golf are invited to come ;
meet Stanford's new coach. 11
Finger, this afternoon at 4 at
clubhouse on the Stanford >
course. The plans for the com
season will also be discussed.
All those interested in varsity
frosh golf are invited to come ;
meet Stanford's new coach. 11
Finger, this afternoon at 4 at
clubhouse on the Stanford >
course. The plans for the com
season will also be discussed.
All those interested in varsity
frosh golf are invited to come ;
meet Stanford's new coach. 11
Finger, this afternoon at 4 at
clubhouse on the Stanford >
course. The plans for the com
season will also be discussed.
All those interested in varsity
frosh golf are invited to come ;
meet Stanford's new coach. 11
Finger, this afternoon at 4 at
clubhouse on the Stanford >
course. The plans for the com
season will also be discussed.
All those interested in varsity
frosh golf are invited to come ;
meet Stanford's new coach. 11
Finger, this afternoon at 4 at
clubhouse on the Stanford >
course. The plans for the com
season will also be discussed.
All those interested in varsity
frosh golf are invited to come ;
meet Stanford's new coach. 11
Finger, this afternoon at 4 at
clubhouse on the Stanford >
course. The plans for the com
season will also be discussed.
