# Revival Series to Show 3 Old Movies Tonight
## 
### 
The revival of old moving pictures
will continue tonight with the show
ing of "The Freshman." "High and
Dizzy," and "Dream of a Rarebit
Fiend." Harold Lloyd stars in the
first two of the three features to
be shown at 7:15 p.m. in Cubberley
Auditorium.
The revival series is sponsored by
the Stanford University Film Society
through the collection of the Mus
eum of Modern Art. There will be
no single admissions, but 51.50 mem
berships to the entire series may be
purchased in room 55. temporary
building B.
The revival of old moving pictures
will continue tonight with the show
ing of "The Freshman." "High and
Dizzy," and "Dream of a Rarebit
Fiend." Harold Lloyd stars in the
first two of the three features to
be shown at 7:15 p.m. in Cubberley
Auditorium.
The revival series is sponsored by
the Stanford University Film Society
through the collection of the Mus
eum of Modern Art. There will be
no single admissions, but 51.50 mem
berships to the entire series may be
purchased in room 55. temporary
building B.
The revival of old moving pictures
will continue tonight with the show
ing of "The Freshman." "High and
Dizzy," and "Dream of a Rarebit
Fiend." Harold Lloyd stars in the
first two of the three features to
be shown at 7:15 p.m. in Cubberley
Auditorium.
The revival series is sponsored by
the Stanford University Film Society
through the collection of the Mus
eum of Modern Art. There will be
no single admissions, but 51.50 mem
berships to the entire series may be
purchased in room 55. temporary
building B.
The revival of old moving pictures
will continue tonight with the show
ing of "The Freshman." "High and
Dizzy," and "Dream of a Rarebit
Fiend." Harold Lloyd stars in the
first two of the three features to
be shown at 7:15 p.m. in Cubberley
Auditorium.
The revival series is sponsored by
the Stanford University Film Society
through the collection of the Mus
eum of Modern Art. There will be
no single admissions, but 51.50 mem
berships to the entire series may be
purchased in room 55. temporary
building B.
The revival of old moving pictures
will continue tonight with the show
ing of "The Freshman." "High and
Dizzy," and "Dream of a Rarebit
Fiend." Harold Lloyd stars in the
first two of the three features to
be shown at 7:15 p.m. in Cubberley
Auditorium.
The revival series is sponsored by
the Stanford University Film Society
through the collection of the Mus
eum of Modern Art. There will be
no single admissions, but 51.50 mem
berships to the entire series may be
purchased in room 55. temporary
building B.
The revival of old moving pictures
will continue tonight with the show
ing of "The Freshman." "High and
Dizzy," and "Dream of a Rarebit
Fiend." Harold Lloyd stars in the
first two of the three features to
be shown at 7:15 p.m. in Cubberley
Auditorium.
The revival series is sponsored by
the Stanford University Film Society
through the collection of the Mus
eum of Modern Art. There will be
no single admissions, but 51.50 mem
berships to the entire series may be
purchased in room 55. temporary
building B.
The revival of old moving pictures
will continue tonight with the show
ing of "The Freshman." "High and
Dizzy," and "Dream of a Rarebit
Fiend." Harold Lloyd stars in the
first two of the three features to
be shown at 7:15 p.m. in Cubberley
Auditorium.
The revival series is sponsored by
the Stanford University Film Society
through the collection of the Mus
eum of Modern Art. There will be
no single admissions, but 51.50 mem
berships to the entire series may be
purchased in room 55. temporary
building B.
The revival of old moving pictures
will continue tonight with the show
ing of "The Freshman." "High and
Dizzy," and "Dream of a Rarebit
Fiend." Harold Lloyd stars in the
first two of the three features to
be shown at 7:15 p.m. in Cubberley
Auditorium.
The revival series is sponsored by
the Stanford University Film Society
through the collection of the Mus
eum of Modern Art. There will be
no single admissions, but 51.50 mem
berships to the entire series may be
purchased in room 55. temporary
building B.
The revival of old moving pictures
will continue tonight with the show
ing of "The Freshman." "High and
Dizzy," and "Dream of a Rarebit
Fiend." Harold Lloyd stars in the
first two of the three features to
be shown at 7:15 p.m. in Cubberley
Auditorium.
The revival series is sponsored by
the Stanford University Film Society
through the collection of the Mus
eum of Modern Art. There will be
no single admissions, but 51.50 mem
berships to the entire series may be
purchased in room 55. temporary
building B.
The revival of old moving pictures
will continue tonight with the show
ing of "The Freshman." "High and
Dizzy," and "Dream of a Rarebit
Fiend." Harold Lloyd stars in the
first two of the three features to
be shown at 7:15 p.m. in Cubberley
Auditorium.
The revival series is sponsored by
the Stanford University Film Society
through the collection of the Mus
eum of Modern Art. There will be
no single admissions, but 51.50 mem
berships to the entire series may be
purchased in room 55. temporary
building B.
The revival of old moving pictures
will continue tonight with the show
ing of "The Freshman." "High and
Dizzy," and "Dream of a Rarebit
Fiend." Harold Lloyd stars in the
first two of the three features to
be shown at 7:15 p.m. in Cubberley
Auditorium.
The revival series is sponsored by
the Stanford University Film Society
through the collection of the Mus
eum of Modern Art. There will be
no single admissions, but 51.50 mem
berships to the entire series may be
purchased in room 55. temporary
building B.
The revival of old moving pictures
will continue tonight with the show
ing of "The Freshman." "High and
Dizzy," and "Dream of a Rarebit
Fiend." Harold Lloyd stars in the
first two of the three features to
be shown at 7:15 p.m. in Cubberley
Auditorium.
The revival series is sponsored by
the Stanford University Film Society
through the collection of the Mus
eum of Modern Art. There will be
no single admissions, but 51.50 mem
berships to the entire series may be
purchased in room 55. temporary
building B.
The revival of old moving pictures
will continue tonight with the show
ing of "The Freshman." "High and
Dizzy," and "Dream of a Rarebit
Fiend." Harold Lloyd stars in the
first two of the three features to
be shown at 7:15 p.m. in Cubberley
Auditorium.
The revival series is sponsored by
the Stanford University Film Society
through the collection of the Mus
eum of Modern Art. There will be
no single admissions, but 51.50 mem
berships to the entire series may be
purchased in room 55. temporary
building B.
The revival of old moving pictures
will continue tonight with the show
ing of "The Freshman." "High and
Dizzy," and "Dream of a Rarebit
Fiend." Harold Lloyd stars in the
first two of the three features to
be shown at 7:15 p.m. in Cubberley
Auditorium.
The revival series is sponsored by
the Stanford University Film Society
through the collection of the Mus
eum of Modern Art. There will be
no single admissions, but 51.50 mem
berships to the entire series may be
purchased in room 55. temporary
building B.
The revival of old moving pictures
will continue tonight with the show
ing of "The Freshman." "High and
Dizzy," and "Dream of a Rarebit
Fiend." Harold Lloyd stars in the
first two of the three features to
be shown at 7:15 p.m. in Cubberley
Auditorium.
The revival series is sponsored by
the Stanford University Film Society
through the collection of the Mus
eum of Modern Art. There will be
no single admissions, but 51.50 mem
berships to the entire series may be
purchased in room 55. temporary
building B.
