# Hanna to Assist UNESCO Group
## 
### 
Dr. Paul R. Hanna. Stanford pro
fessor of education, will take part
in a four-man UNESCO educational
mission to the Philippines, the Uni
versity announced yesterday.
Dr. Hanna will be the elementary
education expert on the mission,
which will be charged with giving
assistance to the Philippine govern
ment in drafting a new educational
code.
The mission will be headed by Dr.
Floyd Reeves, dean of the School of
Education at the University of Chi
cago.
Dr. Hanna will take a leave of ab
sence from Stanford for the spring
quarter and resume his duties here
in the summer.
Dr. Paul R. Hanna. Stanford pro
fessor of education, will take part
in a four-man UNESCO educational
mission to the Philippines, the Uni
versity announced yesterday.
Dr. Hanna will be the elementary
education expert on the mission,
which will be charged with giving
assistance to the Philippine govern
ment in drafting a new educational
code.
The mission will be headed by Dr.
Floyd Reeves, dean of the School of
Education at the University of Chi
cago.
Dr. Hanna will take a leave of ab
sence from Stanford for the spring
quarter and resume his duties here
in the summer.
Dr. Paul R. Hanna. Stanford pro
fessor of education, will take part
in a four-man UNESCO educational
mission to the Philippines, the Uni
versity announced yesterday.
Dr. Hanna will be the elementary
education expert on the mission,
which will be charged with giving
assistance to the Philippine govern
ment in drafting a new educational
code.
The mission will be headed by Dr.
Floyd Reeves, dean of the School of
Education at the University of Chi
cago.
Dr. Hanna will take a leave of ab
sence from Stanford for the spring
quarter and resume his duties here
in the summer.
Dr. Paul R. Hanna. Stanford pro
fessor of education, will take part
in a four-man UNESCO educational
mission to the Philippines, the Uni
versity announced yesterday.
Dr. Hanna will be the elementary
education expert on the mission,
which will be charged with giving
assistance to the Philippine govern
ment in drafting a new educational
code.
The mission will be headed by Dr.
Floyd Reeves, dean of the School of
Education at the University of Chi
cago.
Dr. Hanna will take a leave of ab
sence from Stanford for the spring
quarter and resume his duties here
in the summer.
Dr. Paul R. Hanna. Stanford pro
fessor of education, will take part
in a four-man UNESCO educational
mission to the Philippines, the Uni
versity announced yesterday.
Dr. Hanna will be the elementary
education expert on the mission,
which will be charged with giving
assistance to the Philippine govern
ment in drafting a new educational
code.
The mission will be headed by Dr.
Floyd Reeves, dean of the School of
Education at the University of Chi
cago.
Dr. Hanna will take a leave of ab
sence from Stanford for the spring
quarter and resume his duties here
in the summer.
Dr. Paul R. Hanna. Stanford pro
fessor of education, will take part
in a four-man UNESCO educational
mission to the Philippines, the Uni
versity announced yesterday.
Dr. Hanna will be the elementary
education expert on the mission,
which will be charged with giving
assistance to the Philippine govern
ment in drafting a new educational
code.
The mission will be headed by Dr.
Floyd Reeves, dean of the School of
Education at the University of Chi
cago.
Dr. Hanna will take a leave of ab
sence from Stanford for the spring
quarter and resume his duties here
in the summer.
Dr. Paul R. Hanna. Stanford pro
fessor of education, will take part
in a four-man UNESCO educational
mission to the Philippines, the Uni
versity announced yesterday.
Dr. Hanna will be the elementary
education expert on the mission,
which will be charged with giving
assistance to the Philippine govern
ment in drafting a new educational
code.
The mission will be headed by Dr.
Floyd Reeves, dean of the School of
Education at the University of Chi
cago.
Dr. Hanna will take a leave of ab
sence from Stanford for the spring
quarter and resume his duties here
in the summer.
Dr. Paul R. Hanna. Stanford pro
fessor of education, will take part
in a four-man UNESCO educational
mission to the Philippines, the Uni
versity announced yesterday.
Dr. Hanna will be the elementary
education expert on the mission,
which will be charged with giving
assistance to the Philippine govern
ment in drafting a new educational
code.
The mission will be headed by Dr.
Floyd Reeves, dean of the School of
Education at the University of Chi
cago.
Dr. Hanna will take a leave of ab
sence from Stanford for the spring
quarter and resume his duties here
in the summer.
Dr. Paul R. Hanna. Stanford pro
fessor of education, will take part
in a four-man UNESCO educational
mission to the Philippines, the Uni
versity announced yesterday.
Dr. Hanna will be the elementary
education expert on the mission,
which will be charged with giving
assistance to the Philippine govern
ment in drafting a new educational
code.
The mission will be headed by Dr.
Floyd Reeves, dean of the School of
Education at the University of Chi
cago.
Dr. Hanna will take a leave of ab
sence from Stanford for the spring
quarter and resume his duties here
in the summer.
Dr. Paul R. Hanna. Stanford pro
fessor of education, will take part
in a four-man UNESCO educational
mission to the Philippines, the Uni
versity announced yesterday.
Dr. Hanna will be the elementary
education expert on the mission,
which will be charged with giving
assistance to the Philippine govern
ment in drafting a new educational
code.
The mission will be headed by Dr.
Floyd Reeves, dean of the School of
Education at the University of Chi
cago.
Dr. Hanna will take a leave of ab
sence from Stanford for the spring
quarter and resume his duties here
in the summer.
Dr. Paul R. Hanna. Stanford pro
fessor of education, will take part
in a four-man UNESCO educational
mission to the Philippines, the Uni
versity announced yesterday.
Dr. Hanna will be the elementary
education expert on the mission,
which will be charged with giving
assistance to the Philippine govern
ment in drafting a new educational
code.
The mission will be headed by Dr.
Floyd Reeves, dean of the School of
Education at the University of Chi
cago.
Dr. Hanna will take a leave of ab
sence from Stanford for the spring
quarter and resume his duties here
in the summer.
Dr. Paul R. Hanna. Stanford pro
fessor of education, will take part
in a four-man UNESCO educational
mission to the Philippines, the Uni
versity announced yesterday.
Dr. Hanna will be the elementary
education expert on the mission,
which will be charged with giving
assistance to the Philippine govern
ment in drafting a new educational
code.
The mission will be headed by Dr.
Floyd Reeves, dean of the School of
Education at the University of Chi
cago.
Dr. Hanna will take a leave of ab
sence from Stanford for the spring
quarter and resume his duties here
in the summer.
Dr. Paul R. Hanna. Stanford pro
fessor of education, will take part
in a four-man UNESCO educational
mission to the Philippines, the Uni
versity announced yesterday.
Dr. Hanna will be the elementary
education expert on the mission,
which will be charged with giving
assistance to the Philippine govern
ment in drafting a new educational
code.
The mission will be headed by Dr.
Floyd Reeves, dean of the School of
Education at the University of Chi
cago.
Dr. Hanna will take a leave of ab
sence from Stanford for the spring
quarter and resume his duties here
in the summer.
Dr. Paul R. Hanna. Stanford pro
fessor of education, will take part
in a four-man UNESCO educational
mission to the Philippines, the Uni
versity announced yesterday.
Dr. Hanna will be the elementary
education expert on the mission,
which will be charged with giving
assistance to the Philippine govern
ment in drafting a new educational
code.
The mission will be headed by Dr.
Floyd Reeves, dean of the School of
Education at the University of Chi
cago.
Dr. Hanna will take a leave of ab
sence from Stanford for the spring
quarter and resume his duties here
in the summer.
Dr. Paul R. Hanna. Stanford pro
fessor of education, will take part
in a four-man UNESCO educational
mission to the Philippines, the Uni
versity announced yesterday.
Dr. Hanna will be the elementary
education expert on the mission,
which will be charged with giving
assistance to the Philippine govern
ment in drafting a new educational
code.
The mission will be headed by Dr.
Floyd Reeves, dean of the School of
Education at the University of Chi
cago.
Dr. Hanna will take a leave of ab
sence from Stanford for the spring
quarter and resume his duties here
in the summer.
