# Adv. 1 Page 2
## 
### 
Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
re-buying.
- #§l
trec^
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
trecfc
111 Homer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
328-3214
Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
re-buying.
- #§l
trec^
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
trecfc
111 Homer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
328-3214
Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
re-buying.
- #§l
trec^
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
trecfc
111 Homer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
328-3214
Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
re-buying.
- #§l
trec^
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
trecfc
111 Homer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
328-3214
Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
re-buying.
- #§l
trec^
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
trecfc
111 Homer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
328-3214
Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
re-buying.
- #§l
trec^
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
trecfc
111 Homer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
328-3214
Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
re-buying.
- #§l
trec^
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
trecfc
111 Homer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
328-3214
Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
re-buying.
- #§l
trec^
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
trecfc
111 Homer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
328-3214
Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
re-buying.
- #§l
trec^
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
trecfc
111 Homer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
328-3214
Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
re-buying.
- #§l
trec^
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
trecfc
111 Homer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
328-3214
Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
re-buying.
- #§l
trec^
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
trecfc
111 Homer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
328-3214
Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
re-buying.
- #§l
trec^
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
trecfc
111 Homer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
328-3214
Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
re-buying.
- #§l
trec^
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
trecfc
111 Homer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
328-3214
