# Michigan Supports Athletes.
## 
### 
Casey, captain-elect of the lowa
State Normal School, has been in
duced to enter the University of
Michigan bo as to he eligible next
fall to compete for the Michigan
team. If Casey is taken 011 Michi
gan's team next fall, Michigan will
violate the rule of the Angell con
ference that a man muft he resi
dent at the university at least one
year before competing.
Casey, captain-elect of the lowa
State Normal School, has been in
duced to enter the University of
Michigan bo as to he eligible next
fall to compete for the Michigan
team. If Casey is taken 011 Michi
gan's team next fall, Michigan will
violate the rule of the Angell con
ference that a man muft he resi
dent at the university at least one
year before competing.
Casey, captain-elect of the lowa
State Normal School, has been in
duced to enter the University of
Michigan bo as to he eligible next
fall to compete for the Michigan
team. If Casey is taken 011 Michi
gan's team next fall, Michigan will
violate the rule of the Angell con
ference that a man muft he resi
dent at the university at least one
year before competing.
Casey, captain-elect of the lowa
State Normal School, has been in
duced to enter the University of
Michigan bo as to he eligible next
fall to compete for the Michigan
team. If Casey is taken 011 Michi
gan's team next fall, Michigan will
violate the rule of the Angell con
ference that a man muft he resi
dent at the university at least one
year before competing.
Casey, captain-elect of the lowa
State Normal School, has been in
duced to enter the University of
Michigan bo as to he eligible next
fall to compete for the Michigan
team. If Casey is taken 011 Michi
gan's team next fall, Michigan will
violate the rule of the Angell con
ference that a man muft he resi
dent at the university at least one
year before competing.
Casey, captain-elect of the lowa
State Normal School, has been in
duced to enter the University of
Michigan bo as to he eligible next
fall to compete for the Michigan
team. If Casey is taken 011 Michi
gan's team next fall, Michigan will
violate the rule of the Angell con
ference that a man muft he resi
dent at the university at least one
year before competing.
Casey, captain-elect of the lowa
State Normal School, has been in
duced to enter the University of
Michigan bo as to he eligible next
fall to compete for the Michigan
team. If Casey is taken 011 Michi
gan's team next fall, Michigan will
violate the rule of the Angell con
ference that a man muft he resi
dent at the university at least one
year before competing.
Casey, captain-elect of the lowa
State Normal School, has been in
duced to enter the University of
Michigan bo as to he eligible next
fall to compete for the Michigan
team. If Casey is taken 011 Michi
gan's team next fall, Michigan will
violate the rule of the Angell con
ference that a man muft he resi
dent at the university at least one
year before competing.
Casey, captain-elect of the lowa
State Normal School, has been in
duced to enter the University of
Michigan bo as to he eligible next
fall to compete for the Michigan
team. If Casey is taken 011 Michi
gan's team next fall, Michigan will
violate the rule of the Angell con
ference that a man muft he resi
dent at the university at least one
year before competing.
