# Dr. Jordan Will Address Meeting.
## 
### 
President Jordan will address
the meeting of the Young Women's
Christian Association to-morrow
afternoon at 4:30.
President Jordan will address
the meeting of the Young Women's
Christian Association to-morrow
afternoon at 4:30.
President Jordan will address
the meeting of the Young Women's
Christian Association to-morrow
afternoon at 4:30.
President Jordan will address
the meeting of the Young Women's
Christian Association to-morrow
afternoon at 4:30.
President Jordan will address
the meeting of the Young Women's
Christian Association to-morrow
afternoon at 4:30.
President Jordan will address
the meeting of the Young Women's
Christian Association to-morrow
afternoon at 4:30.
President Jordan will address
the meeting of the Young Women's
Christian Association to-morrow
afternoon at 4:30.
President Jordan will address
the meeting of the Young Women's
Christian Association to-morrow
afternoon at 4:30.
President Jordan will address
the meeting of the Young Women's
Christian Association to-morrow
afternoon at 4:30.
