# Association of American Universities
## 
### 
The Association of American
Universities will hold its seventh
annual conference in San Francisco
on March 14th. The delegates from
Stanford are President Jordan,
Vice-President Branner, and Pro
fessors Stillman, Murray and
Matzke.
The Association of American
Universities will hold its seventh
annual conference in San Francisco
on March 14th. The delegates from
Stanford are President Jordan,
Vice-President Branner, and Pro
fessors Stillman, Murray and
Matzke.
The Association of American
Universities will hold its seventh
annual conference in San Francisco
on March 14th. The delegates from
Stanford are President Jordan,
Vice-President Branner, and Pro
fessors Stillman, Murray and
Matzke.
The Association of American
Universities will hold its seventh
annual conference in San Francisco
on March 14th. The delegates from
Stanford are President Jordan,
Vice-President Branner, and Pro
fessors Stillman, Murray and
Matzke.
The Association of American
Universities will hold its seventh
annual conference in San Francisco
on March 14th. The delegates from
Stanford are President Jordan,
Vice-President Branner, and Pro
fessors Stillman, Murray and
Matzke.
The Association of American
Universities will hold its seventh
annual conference in San Francisco
on March 14th. The delegates from
Stanford are President Jordan,
Vice-President Branner, and Pro
fessors Stillman, Murray and
Matzke.
The Association of American
Universities will hold its seventh
annual conference in San Francisco
on March 14th. The delegates from
Stanford are President Jordan,
Vice-President Branner, and Pro
fessors Stillman, Murray and
Matzke.
The Association of American
Universities will hold its seventh
annual conference in San Francisco
on March 14th. The delegates from
Stanford are President Jordan,
Vice-President Branner, and Pro
fessors Stillman, Murray and
Matzke.
The Association of American
Universities will hold its seventh
annual conference in San Francisco
on March 14th. The delegates from
Stanford are President Jordan,
Vice-President Branner, and Pro
fessors Stillman, Murray and
Matzke.
