# Ex-Army Officers May Sign for Active Service
## 
### 
An order allowing all holders of
temporary or reserve commissions In
the Army during the war to make ap
plication for permanent appointment
in the Army has been received by the
local R. O. T. C. Headquarters. The
action is being taken in preparation
for expected increase in the permanent
establishment.
The order does not apply to those
former officers who submitted ap
proved applications during demobili
zation, but is intended to allow those
men who were too late in making
their applications to receive an op
portunity to return to service in the
regular army. Blank applications may
be secured at the headquarters of the
R. O. T. C. in the gymnasium, and
should be forwarded to the adjutant
General of the Army without delay.
