# NESTORIA PICKS DEBATING TEAM
## 
### 
j. T. McMenamin, '20; Lowell Ger
son, '22; H. W. Brown, '22; and Robert
Lewis, '23, were chosen last evening by
Nestoria Debating Society to represent
them in the dual debate to be held be
tween them and Saint Ignatius College
in the first week in May. The try-out
speeches were all very well delivered
and the judges had a difficult time to
choose the teams. The arrangement of
the four into the two teams will be ar
ranged by the debaters themselves at a
later date.
The question of the advisability of
Congress adopting the Davies Sedition
Bill was the subject of the try-out
speeches last evening and tl)e same gen
eral subject will be the proposition for
the final contest. The San Francisco
school has for several years led the
Northern California schools in debating
work, and is therefore considered by
the club to lie an especially dangerous
contender.
