# 2 MILLIONS FOR PENSIONS
## 
### 
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 23 (U.R).—
California old age pensions, more
liberal than in any other state of
she nation, cost $2,071,675.49 during
the month of January, Mrs. Florence
L. Turner, director of the State De
partment of Social Welfare, an
nounced today.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 23 (U.R).—
California old age pensions, more
liberal than in any other state of
she nation, cost $2,071,675.49 during
the month of January, Mrs. Florence
L. Turner, director of the State De
partment of Social Welfare, an
nounced today.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 23 (U.R).—
California old age pensions, more
liberal than in any other state of
she nation, cost $2,071,675.49 during
the month of January, Mrs. Florence
L. Turner, director of the State De
partment of Social Welfare, an
nounced today.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 23 (U.R).—
California old age pensions, more
liberal than in any other state of
she nation, cost $2,071,675.49 during
the month of January, Mrs. Florence
L. Turner, director of the State De
partment of Social Welfare, an
nounced today.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 23 (U.R).—
California old age pensions, more
liberal than in any other state of
she nation, cost $2,071,675.49 during
the month of January, Mrs. Florence
L. Turner, director of the State De
partment of Social Welfare, an
nounced today.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 23 (U.R).—
California old age pensions, more
liberal than in any other state of
she nation, cost $2,071,675.49 during
the month of January, Mrs. Florence
L. Turner, director of the State De
partment of Social Welfare, an
nounced today.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 23 (U.R).—
California old age pensions, more
liberal than in any other state of
she nation, cost $2,071,675.49 during
the month of January, Mrs. Florence
L. Turner, director of the State De
partment of Social Welfare, an
nounced today.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 23 (U.R).—
California old age pensions, more
liberal than in any other state of
she nation, cost $2,071,675.49 during
the month of January, Mrs. Florence
L. Turner, director of the State De
partment of Social Welfare, an
nounced today.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 23 (U.R).—
California old age pensions, more
liberal than in any other state of
she nation, cost $2,071,675.49 during
the month of January, Mrs. Florence
L. Turner, director of the State De
partment of Social Welfare, an
nounced today.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 23 (U.R).—
California old age pensions, more
liberal than in any other state of
she nation, cost $2,071,675.49 during
the month of January, Mrs. Florence
L. Turner, director of the State De
partment of Social Welfare, an
nounced today.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 23 (U.R).—
California old age pensions, more
liberal than in any other state of
she nation, cost $2,071,675.49 during
the month of January, Mrs. Florence
L. Turner, director of the State De
partment of Social Welfare, an
nounced today.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 23 (U.R).—
California old age pensions, more
liberal than in any other state of
she nation, cost $2,071,675.49 during
the month of January, Mrs. Florence
L. Turner, director of the State De
partment of Social Welfare, an
nounced today.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 23 (U.R).—
California old age pensions, more
liberal than in any other state of
she nation, cost $2,071,675.49 during
the month of January, Mrs. Florence
L. Turner, director of the State De
partment of Social Welfare, an
nounced today.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 23 (U.R).—
California old age pensions, more
liberal than in any other state of
she nation, cost $2,071,675.49 during
the month of January, Mrs. Florence
L. Turner, director of the State De
partment of Social Welfare, an
nounced today.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 23 (U.R).—
California old age pensions, more
liberal than in any other state of
she nation, cost $2,071,675.49 during
the month of January, Mrs. Florence
L. Turner, director of the State De
partment of Social Welfare, an
nounced today.
