# Chapin Tells Of Edinburgh Life
## Scotch Students Develop 'Scholarship Devotion' 
### 
Edinburgh University in Scotland
is entirely different from Stanford,
according to Dr. Leland T. Chapin,
assistant professor of English who
spoke on "Edinburgh University and
the Scottish Tradition" here last
night. The Edinburgh institution, he
said, has a cold massive group of
buildings, but it also has an atmos
phere of scholasticism and earnest
ness all its own.
Dr. Chapin pointed out that the
Scotch people, living in a rather
harsh, barren country have devel
oped a wholesome strength and dis
cipline that lead to intense devotion
to scholarship. "The Scotch weath
er," he said, "is usually so unpleas
ant, that the students find the best
thing they can do is stay home and
study."
Briefly sketching the history of the
University, Dr. Chapin told how in
1583 the Edinburgh "Towne Col
ledge" was formed with one pro
fessor, who was bound by contract
to address the students in no lang
uage other than Latin, at any time.
From this beginning has grown the
great modern University which at
tracts students from all over the
world. In the early days, Dr. Chapin
said, a large part of the University
revenues came from "mort cloth"
which was funeral drapes owned by
the town and rented out for burials.
%
Edinburgh University in Scotland
is entirely different from Stanford,
according to Dr. Leland T. Chapin,
assistant professor of English who
spoke on "Edinburgh University and
the Scottish Tradition" here last
night. The Edinburgh institution, he
said, has a cold massive group of
buildings, but it also has an atmos
phere of scholasticism and earnest
ness all its own.
Dr. Chapin pointed out that the
Scotch people, living in a rather
harsh, barren country have devel
oped a wholesome strength and dis
cipline that lead to intense devotion
to scholarship. "The Scotch weath
er," he said, "is usually so unpleas
ant, that the students find the best
thing they can do is stay home and
study."
Briefly sketching the history of the
University, Dr. Chapin told how in
1583 the Edinburgh "Towne Col
ledge" was formed with one pro
fessor, who was bound by contract
to address the students in no lang
uage other than Latin, at any time.
From this beginning has grown the
great modern University which at
tracts students from all over the
world. In the early days, Dr. Chapin
said, a large part of the University
revenues came from "mort cloth"
which was funeral drapes owned by
the town and rented out for burials.
%
Edinburgh University in Scotland
is entirely different from Stanford,
according to Dr. Leland T. Chapin,
assistant professor of English who
spoke on "Edinburgh University and
the Scottish Tradition" here last
night. The Edinburgh institution, he
said, has a cold massive group of
buildings, but it also has an atmos
phere of scholasticism and earnest
ness all its own.
Dr. Chapin pointed out that the
Scotch people, living in a rather
harsh, barren country have devel
oped a wholesome strength and dis
cipline that lead to intense devotion
to scholarship. "The Scotch weath
er," he said, "is usually so unpleas
ant, that the students find the best
thing they can do is stay home and
study."
Briefly sketching the history of the
University, Dr. Chapin told how in
1583 the Edinburgh "Towne Col
ledge" was formed with one pro
fessor, who was bound by contract
to address the students in no lang
uage other than Latin, at any time.
From this beginning has grown the
great modern University which at
tracts students from all over the
world. In the early days, Dr. Chapin
said, a large part of the University
revenues came from "mort cloth"
which was funeral drapes owned by
the town and rented out for burials.
%
Edinburgh University in Scotland
is entirely different from Stanford,
according to Dr. Leland T. Chapin,
assistant professor of English who
spoke on "Edinburgh University and
the Scottish Tradition" here last
night. The Edinburgh institution, he
said, has a cold massive group of
buildings, but it also has an atmos
phere of scholasticism and earnest
ness all its own.
Dr. Chapin pointed out that the
Scotch people, living in a rather
harsh, barren country have devel
oped a wholesome strength and dis
cipline that lead to intense devotion
to scholarship. "The Scotch weath
er," he said, "is usually so unpleas
ant, that the students find the best
thing they can do is stay home and
study."
Briefly sketching the history of the
University, Dr. Chapin told how in
1583 the Edinburgh "Towne Col
ledge" was formed with one pro
fessor, who was bound by contract
to address the students in no lang
uage other than Latin, at any time.
From this beginning has grown the
great modern University which at
tracts students from all over the
world. In the early days, Dr. Chapin
said, a large part of the University
revenues came from "mort cloth"
which was funeral drapes owned by
the town and rented out for burials.
%
Edinburgh University in Scotland
is entirely different from Stanford,
according to Dr. Leland T. Chapin,
assistant professor of English who
spoke on "Edinburgh University and
the Scottish Tradition" here last
night. The Edinburgh institution, he
said, has a cold massive group of
buildings, but it also has an atmos
phere of scholasticism and earnest
ness all its own.
Dr. Chapin pointed out that the
Scotch people, living in a rather
harsh, barren country have devel
oped a wholesome strength and dis
cipline that lead to intense devotion
to scholarship. "The Scotch weath
er," he said, "is usually so unpleas
ant, that the students find the best
thing they can do is stay home and
study."
Briefly sketching the history of the
University, Dr. Chapin told how in
1583 the Edinburgh "Towne Col
ledge" was formed with one pro
fessor, who was bound by contract
to address the students in no lang
uage other than Latin, at any time.
From this beginning has grown the
great modern University which at
tracts students from all over the
world. In the early days, Dr. Chapin
said, a large part of the University
revenues came from "mort cloth"
which was funeral drapes owned by
the town and rented out for burials.
%
Edinburgh University in Scotland
is entirely different from Stanford,
according to Dr. Leland T. Chapin,
assistant professor of English who
spoke on "Edinburgh University and
the Scottish Tradition" here last
night. The Edinburgh institution, he
said, has a cold massive group of
buildings, but it also has an atmos
phere of scholasticism and earnest
ness all its own.
Dr. Chapin pointed out that the
Scotch people, living in a rather
harsh, barren country have devel
oped a wholesome strength and dis
cipline that lead to intense devotion
to scholarship. "The Scotch weath
er," he said, "is usually so unpleas
ant, that the students find the best
thing they can do is stay home and
study."
Briefly sketching the history of the
University, Dr. Chapin told how in
1583 the Edinburgh "Towne Col
ledge" was formed with one pro
fessor, who was bound by contract
to address the students in no lang
uage other than Latin, at any time.
From this beginning has grown the
great modern University which at
tracts students from all over the
world. In the early days, Dr. Chapin
said, a large part of the University
revenues came from "mort cloth"
which was funeral drapes owned by
the town and rented out for burials.
%
Edinburgh University in Scotland
is entirely different from Stanford,
according to Dr. Leland T. Chapin,
assistant professor of English who
spoke on "Edinburgh University and
the Scottish Tradition" here last
night. The Edinburgh institution, he
said, has a cold massive group of
buildings, but it also has an atmos
phere of scholasticism and earnest
ness all its own.
Dr. Chapin pointed out that the
Scotch people, living in a rather
harsh, barren country have devel
oped a wholesome strength and dis
cipline that lead to intense devotion
to scholarship. "The Scotch weath
er," he said, "is usually so unpleas
ant, that the students find the best
thing they can do is stay home and
study."
Briefly sketching the history of the
University, Dr. Chapin told how in
1583 the Edinburgh "Towne Col
ledge" was formed with one pro
fessor, who was bound by contract
to address the students in no lang
uage other than Latin, at any time.
From this beginning has grown the
great modern University which at
tracts students from all over the
world. In the early days, Dr. Chapin
said, a large part of the University
revenues came from "mort cloth"
which was funeral drapes owned by
the town and rented out for burials.
%
Edinburgh University in Scotland
is entirely different from Stanford,
according to Dr. Leland T. Chapin,
assistant professor of English who
spoke on "Edinburgh University and
the Scottish Tradition" here last
night. The Edinburgh institution, he
said, has a cold massive group of
buildings, but it also has an atmos
phere of scholasticism and earnest
ness all its own.
Dr. Chapin pointed out that the
Scotch people, living in a rather
harsh, barren country have devel
oped a wholesome strength and dis
cipline that lead to intense devotion
to scholarship. "The Scotch weath
er," he said, "is usually so unpleas
ant, that the students find the best
thing they can do is stay home and
study."
Briefly sketching the history of the
University, Dr. Chapin told how in
1583 the Edinburgh "Towne Col
ledge" was formed with one pro
fessor, who was bound by contract
to address the students in no lang
uage other than Latin, at any time.
From this beginning has grown the
great modern University which at
tracts students from all over the
world. In the early days, Dr. Chapin
said, a large part of the University
revenues came from "mort cloth"
which was funeral drapes owned by
the town and rented out for burials.
%
Edinburgh University in Scotland
is entirely different from Stanford,
according to Dr. Leland T. Chapin,
assistant professor of English who
spoke on "Edinburgh University and
the Scottish Tradition" here last
night. The Edinburgh institution, he
said, has a cold massive group of
buildings, but it also has an atmos
phere of scholasticism and earnest
ness all its own.
Dr. Chapin pointed out that the
Scotch people, living in a rather
harsh, barren country have devel
oped a wholesome strength and dis
cipline that lead to intense devotion
to scholarship. "The Scotch weath
er," he said, "is usually so unpleas
ant, that the students find the best
thing they can do is stay home and
study."
Briefly sketching the history of the
University, Dr. Chapin told how in
1583 the Edinburgh "Towne Col
ledge" was formed with one pro
fessor, who was bound by contract
to address the students in no lang
uage other than Latin, at any time.
From this beginning has grown the
great modern University which at
tracts students from all over the
world. In the early days, Dr. Chapin
said, a large part of the University
revenues came from "mort cloth"
which was funeral drapes owned by
the town and rented out for burials.
%
Edinburgh University in Scotland
is entirely different from Stanford,
according to Dr. Leland T. Chapin,
assistant professor of English who
spoke on "Edinburgh University and
the Scottish Tradition" here last
night. The Edinburgh institution, he
said, has a cold massive group of
buildings, but it also has an atmos
phere of scholasticism and earnest
ness all its own.
Dr. Chapin pointed out that the
Scotch people, living in a rather
harsh, barren country have devel
oped a wholesome strength and dis
cipline that lead to intense devotion
to scholarship. "The Scotch weath
er," he said, "is usually so unpleas
ant, that the students find the best
thing they can do is stay home and
study."
Briefly sketching the history of the
University, Dr. Chapin told how in
1583 the Edinburgh "Towne Col
ledge" was formed with one pro
fessor, who was bound by contract
to address the students in no lang
uage other than Latin, at any time.
From this beginning has grown the
great modern University which at
tracts students from all over the
world. In the early days, Dr. Chapin
said, a large part of the University
revenues came from "mort cloth"
which was funeral drapes owned by
the town and rented out for burials.
%
Edinburgh University in Scotland
is entirely different from Stanford,
according to Dr. Leland T. Chapin,
assistant professor of English who
spoke on "Edinburgh University and
the Scottish Tradition" here last
night. The Edinburgh institution, he
said, has a cold massive group of
buildings, but it also has an atmos
phere of scholasticism and earnest
ness all its own.
Dr. Chapin pointed out that the
Scotch people, living in a rather
harsh, barren country have devel
oped a wholesome strength and dis
cipline that lead to intense devotion
to scholarship. "The Scotch weath
er," he said, "is usually so unpleas
ant, that the students find the best
thing they can do is stay home and
study."
Briefly sketching the history of the
University, Dr. Chapin told how in
1583 the Edinburgh "Towne Col
ledge" was formed with one pro
fessor, who was bound by contract
to address the students in no lang
uage other than Latin, at any time.
From this beginning has grown the
great modern University which at
tracts students from all over the
world. In the early days, Dr. Chapin
said, a large part of the University
revenues came from "mort cloth"
which was funeral drapes owned by
the town and rented out for burials.
%
Edinburgh University in Scotland
is entirely different from Stanford,
according to Dr. Leland T. Chapin,
assistant professor of English who
spoke on "Edinburgh University and
the Scottish Tradition" here last
night. The Edinburgh institution, he
said, has a cold massive group of
buildings, but it also has an atmos
phere of scholasticism and earnest
ness all its own.
Dr. Chapin pointed out that the
Scotch people, living in a rather
harsh, barren country have devel
oped a wholesome strength and dis
cipline that lead to intense devotion
to scholarship. "The Scotch weath
er," he said, "is usually so unpleas
ant, that the students find the best
thing they can do is stay home and
study."
Briefly sketching the history of the
University, Dr. Chapin told how in
1583 the Edinburgh "Towne Col
ledge" was formed with one pro
fessor, who was bound by contract
to address the students in no lang
uage other than Latin, at any time.
From this beginning has grown the
great modern University which at
tracts students from all over the
world. In the early days, Dr. Chapin
said, a large part of the University
revenues came from "mort cloth"
which was funeral drapes owned by
the town and rented out for burials.
%
Edinburgh University in Scotland
is entirely different from Stanford,
according to Dr. Leland T. Chapin,
assistant professor of English who
spoke on "Edinburgh University and
the Scottish Tradition" here last
night. The Edinburgh institution, he
said, has a cold massive group of
buildings, but it also has an atmos
phere of scholasticism and earnest
ness all its own.
Dr. Chapin pointed out that the
Scotch people, living in a rather
harsh, barren country have devel
oped a wholesome strength and dis
cipline that lead to intense devotion
to scholarship. "The Scotch weath
er," he said, "is usually so unpleas
ant, that the students find the best
thing they can do is stay home and
study."
Briefly sketching the history of the
University, Dr. Chapin told how in
1583 the Edinburgh "Towne Col
ledge" was formed with one pro
fessor, who was bound by contract
to address the students in no lang
uage other than Latin, at any time.
From this beginning has grown the
great modern University which at
tracts students from all over the
world. In the early days, Dr. Chapin
said, a large part of the University
revenues came from "mort cloth"
which was funeral drapes owned by
the town and rented out for burials.
%
Edinburgh University in Scotland
is entirely different from Stanford,
according to Dr. Leland T. Chapin,
assistant professor of English who
spoke on "Edinburgh University and
the Scottish Tradition" here last
night. The Edinburgh institution, he
said, has a cold massive group of
buildings, but it also has an atmos
phere of scholasticism and earnest
ness all its own.
Dr. Chapin pointed out that the
Scotch people, living in a rather
harsh, barren country have devel
oped a wholesome strength and dis
cipline that lead to intense devotion
to scholarship. "The Scotch weath
er," he said, "is usually so unpleas
ant, that the students find the best
thing they can do is stay home and
study."
Briefly sketching the history of the
University, Dr. Chapin told how in
1583 the Edinburgh "Towne Col
ledge" was formed with one pro
fessor, who was bound by contract
to address the students in no lang
uage other than Latin, at any time.
From this beginning has grown the
great modern University which at
tracts students from all over the
world. In the early days, Dr. Chapin
said, a large part of the University
revenues came from "mort cloth"
which was funeral drapes owned by
the town and rented out for burials.
%
Edinburgh University in Scotland
is entirely different from Stanford,
according to Dr. Leland T. Chapin,
assistant professor of English who
spoke on "Edinburgh University and
the Scottish Tradition" here last
night. The Edinburgh institution, he
said, has a cold massive group of
buildings, but it also has an atmos
phere of scholasticism and earnest
ness all its own.
Dr. Chapin pointed out that the
Scotch people, living in a rather
harsh, barren country have devel
oped a wholesome strength and dis
cipline that lead to intense devotion
to scholarship. "The Scotch weath
er," he said, "is usually so unpleas
ant, that the students find the best
thing they can do is stay home and
study."
Briefly sketching the history of the
University, Dr. Chapin told how in
1583 the Edinburgh "Towne Col
ledge" was formed with one pro
fessor, who was bound by contract
to address the students in no lang
uage other than Latin, at any time.
From this beginning has grown the
great modern University which at
tracts students from all over the
world. In the early days, Dr. Chapin
said, a large part of the University
revenues came from "mort cloth"
which was funeral drapes owned by
the town and rented out for burials.
%
