# Second Rec Club Dance Tonight
## 
### 
Recreation Club holds its second
dance tonight in the old Roble Gym
from 7 to 8 o'clock, music to be fur
nished by a four-piece orchestra,
with admission 25 cents a couple.
Purpose of the club, according to
Bill Ward, manager, is to establish
informal mid-week dating and a
convenient form of campus enter
tainment until the nitery is com
pleted. Stags are not allowed. This
is to keep the dances from resem
bling a jolly-up and to encourage
more dating.
Recreation Club holds its second
dance tonight in the old Roble Gym
from 7 to 8 o'clock, music to be fur
nished by a four-piece orchestra,
with admission 25 cents a couple.
Purpose of the club, according to
Bill Ward, manager, is to establish
informal mid-week dating and a
convenient form of campus enter
tainment until the nitery is com
pleted. Stags are not allowed. This
is to keep the dances from resem
bling a jolly-up and to encourage
more dating.
Recreation Club holds its second
dance tonight in the old Roble Gym
from 7 to 8 o'clock, music to be fur
nished by a four-piece orchestra,
with admission 25 cents a couple.
Purpose of the club, according to
Bill Ward, manager, is to establish
informal mid-week dating and a
convenient form of campus enter
tainment until the nitery is com
pleted. Stags are not allowed. This
is to keep the dances from resem
bling a jolly-up and to encourage
more dating.
Recreation Club holds its second
dance tonight in the old Roble Gym
from 7 to 8 o'clock, music to be fur
nished by a four-piece orchestra,
with admission 25 cents a couple.
Purpose of the club, according to
Bill Ward, manager, is to establish
informal mid-week dating and a
convenient form of campus enter
tainment until the nitery is com
pleted. Stags are not allowed. This
is to keep the dances from resem
bling a jolly-up and to encourage
more dating.
Recreation Club holds its second
dance tonight in the old Roble Gym
from 7 to 8 o'clock, music to be fur
nished by a four-piece orchestra,
with admission 25 cents a couple.
Purpose of the club, according to
Bill Ward, manager, is to establish
informal mid-week dating and a
convenient form of campus enter
tainment until the nitery is com
pleted. Stags are not allowed. This
is to keep the dances from resem
bling a jolly-up and to encourage
more dating.
Recreation Club holds its second
dance tonight in the old Roble Gym
from 7 to 8 o'clock, music to be fur
nished by a four-piece orchestra,
with admission 25 cents a couple.
Purpose of the club, according to
Bill Ward, manager, is to establish
informal mid-week dating and a
convenient form of campus enter
tainment until the nitery is com
pleted. Stags are not allowed. This
is to keep the dances from resem
bling a jolly-up and to encourage
more dating.
Recreation Club holds its second
dance tonight in the old Roble Gym
from 7 to 8 o'clock, music to be fur
nished by a four-piece orchestra,
with admission 25 cents a couple.
Purpose of the club, according to
Bill Ward, manager, is to establish
informal mid-week dating and a
convenient form of campus enter
tainment until the nitery is com
pleted. Stags are not allowed. This
is to keep the dances from resem
bling a jolly-up and to encourage
more dating.
Recreation Club holds its second
dance tonight in the old Roble Gym
from 7 to 8 o'clock, music to be fur
nished by a four-piece orchestra,
with admission 25 cents a couple.
Purpose of the club, according to
Bill Ward, manager, is to establish
informal mid-week dating and a
convenient form of campus enter
tainment until the nitery is com
pleted. Stags are not allowed. This
is to keep the dances from resem
bling a jolly-up and to encourage
more dating.
Recreation Club holds its second
dance tonight in the old Roble Gym
from 7 to 8 o'clock, music to be fur
nished by a four-piece orchestra,
with admission 25 cents a couple.
Purpose of the club, according to
Bill Ward, manager, is to establish
informal mid-week dating and a
convenient form of campus enter
tainment until the nitery is com
pleted. Stags are not allowed. This
is to keep the dances from resem
bling a jolly-up and to encourage
more dating.
Recreation Club holds its second
dance tonight in the old Roble Gym
from 7 to 8 o'clock, music to be fur
nished by a four-piece orchestra,
with admission 25 cents a couple.
Purpose of the club, according to
Bill Ward, manager, is to establish
informal mid-week dating and a
convenient form of campus enter
tainment until the nitery is com
pleted. Stags are not allowed. This
is to keep the dances from resem
bling a jolly-up and to encourage
more dating.
Recreation Club holds its second
dance tonight in the old Roble Gym
from 7 to 8 o'clock, music to be fur
nished by a four-piece orchestra,
with admission 25 cents a couple.
Purpose of the club, according to
Bill Ward, manager, is to establish
informal mid-week dating and a
convenient form of campus enter
tainment until the nitery is com
pleted. Stags are not allowed. This
is to keep the dances from resem
bling a jolly-up and to encourage
more dating.
Recreation Club holds its second
dance tonight in the old Roble Gym
from 7 to 8 o'clock, music to be fur
nished by a four-piece orchestra,
with admission 25 cents a couple.
Purpose of the club, according to
Bill Ward, manager, is to establish
informal mid-week dating and a
convenient form of campus enter
tainment until the nitery is com
pleted. Stags are not allowed. This
is to keep the dances from resem
bling a jolly-up and to encourage
more dating.
Recreation Club holds its second
dance tonight in the old Roble Gym
from 7 to 8 o'clock, music to be fur
nished by a four-piece orchestra,
with admission 25 cents a couple.
Purpose of the club, according to
Bill Ward, manager, is to establish
informal mid-week dating and a
convenient form of campus enter
tainment until the nitery is com
pleted. Stags are not allowed. This
is to keep the dances from resem
bling a jolly-up and to encourage
more dating.
Recreation Club holds its second
dance tonight in the old Roble Gym
from 7 to 8 o'clock, music to be fur
nished by a four-piece orchestra,
with admission 25 cents a couple.
Purpose of the club, according to
Bill Ward, manager, is to establish
informal mid-week dating and a
convenient form of campus enter
tainment until the nitery is com
pleted. Stags are not allowed. This
is to keep the dances from resem
bling a jolly-up and to encourage
more dating.
Recreation Club holds its second
dance tonight in the old Roble Gym
from 7 to 8 o'clock, music to be fur
nished by a four-piece orchestra,
with admission 25 cents a couple.
Purpose of the club, according to
Bill Ward, manager, is to establish
informal mid-week dating and a
convenient form of campus enter
tainment until the nitery is com
pleted. Stags are not allowed. This
is to keep the dances from resem
bling a jolly-up and to encourage
more dating.
