# TURN-OUT FOR WOMEN'S BASKETBALL INCREASES
## 
### 
Registration in women's basketball
for the winter quarter exceeds that
for last year by 35. This year there
are 118 women out for the sport: 57
freshmen, 39 sophomores, 10 juniors,
and 13 seniors. The winter quarter
of 1927-28 had the sum total of 83,
which included 20 freshmen, 27 soph
omores, 23 juniors, and 14 seniors.
Registration in women's basketball
for the winter quarter exceeds that
for last year by 35. This year there
are 118 women out for the sport: 57
freshmen, 39 sophomores, 10 juniors,
and 13 seniors. The winter quarter
of 1927-28 had the sum total of 83,
which included 20 freshmen, 27 soph
omores, 23 juniors, and 14 seniors.
Registration in women's basketball
for the winter quarter exceeds that
for last year by 35. This year there
are 118 women out for the sport: 57
freshmen, 39 sophomores, 10 juniors,
and 13 seniors. The winter quarter
of 1927-28 had the sum total of 83,
which included 20 freshmen, 27 soph
omores, 23 juniors, and 14 seniors.
Registration in women's basketball
for the winter quarter exceeds that
for last year by 35. This year there
are 118 women out for the sport: 57
freshmen, 39 sophomores, 10 juniors,
and 13 seniors. The winter quarter
of 1927-28 had the sum total of 83,
which included 20 freshmen, 27 soph
omores, 23 juniors, and 14 seniors.
Registration in women's basketball
for the winter quarter exceeds that
for last year by 35. This year there
are 118 women out for the sport: 57
freshmen, 39 sophomores, 10 juniors,
and 13 seniors. The winter quarter
of 1927-28 had the sum total of 83,
which included 20 freshmen, 27 soph
omores, 23 juniors, and 14 seniors.
Registration in women's basketball
for the winter quarter exceeds that
for last year by 35. This year there
are 118 women out for the sport: 57
freshmen, 39 sophomores, 10 juniors,
and 13 seniors. The winter quarter
of 1927-28 had the sum total of 83,
which included 20 freshmen, 27 soph
omores, 23 juniors, and 14 seniors.
Registration in women's basketball
for the winter quarter exceeds that
for last year by 35. This year there
are 118 women out for the sport: 57
freshmen, 39 sophomores, 10 juniors,
and 13 seniors. The winter quarter
of 1927-28 had the sum total of 83,
which included 20 freshmen, 27 soph
omores, 23 juniors, and 14 seniors.
Registration in women's basketball
for the winter quarter exceeds that
for last year by 35. This year there
are 118 women out for the sport: 57
freshmen, 39 sophomores, 10 juniors,
and 13 seniors. The winter quarter
of 1927-28 had the sum total of 83,
which included 20 freshmen, 27 soph
omores, 23 juniors, and 14 seniors.
Registration in women's basketball
for the winter quarter exceeds that
for last year by 35. This year there
are 118 women out for the sport: 57
freshmen, 39 sophomores, 10 juniors,
and 13 seniors. The winter quarter
of 1927-28 had the sum total of 83,
which included 20 freshmen, 27 soph
omores, 23 juniors, and 14 seniors.
Registration in women's basketball
for the winter quarter exceeds that
for last year by 35. This year there
are 118 women out for the sport: 57
freshmen, 39 sophomores, 10 juniors,
and 13 seniors. The winter quarter
of 1927-28 had the sum total of 83,
which included 20 freshmen, 27 soph
omores, 23 juniors, and 14 seniors.
Registration in women's basketball
for the winter quarter exceeds that
for last year by 35. This year there
are 118 women out for the sport: 57
freshmen, 39 sophomores, 10 juniors,
and 13 seniors. The winter quarter
of 1927-28 had the sum total of 83,
which included 20 freshmen, 27 soph
omores, 23 juniors, and 14 seniors.
Registration in women's basketball
for the winter quarter exceeds that
for last year by 35. This year there
are 118 women out for the sport: 57
freshmen, 39 sophomores, 10 juniors,
and 13 seniors. The winter quarter
of 1927-28 had the sum total of 83,
which included 20 freshmen, 27 soph
omores, 23 juniors, and 14 seniors.
Registration in women's basketball
for the winter quarter exceeds that
for last year by 35. This year there
are 118 women out for the sport: 57
freshmen, 39 sophomores, 10 juniors,
and 13 seniors. The winter quarter
of 1927-28 had the sum total of 83,
which included 20 freshmen, 27 soph
omores, 23 juniors, and 14 seniors.
Registration in women's basketball
for the winter quarter exceeds that
for last year by 35. This year there
are 118 women out for the sport: 57
freshmen, 39 sophomores, 10 juniors,
and 13 seniors. The winter quarter
of 1927-28 had the sum total of 83,
which included 20 freshmen, 27 soph
omores, 23 juniors, and 14 seniors.
Registration in women's basketball
for the winter quarter exceeds that
for last year by 35. This year there
are 118 women out for the sport: 57
freshmen, 39 sophomores, 10 juniors,
and 13 seniors. The winter quarter
of 1927-28 had the sum total of 83,
which included 20 freshmen, 27 soph
omores, 23 juniors, and 14 seniors.
Registration in women's basketball
for the winter quarter exceeds that
for last year by 35. This year there
are 118 women out for the sport: 57
freshmen, 39 sophomores, 10 juniors,
and 13 seniors. The winter quarter
of 1927-28 had the sum total of 83,
which included 20 freshmen, 27 soph
omores, 23 juniors, and 14 seniors.
Registration in women's basketball
for the winter quarter exceeds that
for last year by 35. This year there
are 118 women out for the sport: 57
freshmen, 39 sophomores, 10 juniors,
and 13 seniors. The winter quarter
of 1927-28 had the sum total of 83,
which included 20 freshmen, 27 soph
omores, 23 juniors, and 14 seniors.
