# Mrs. Stanford in India.
## 
### 
The following telegrnm was re
ceived from Mrs. Stanford this
morning from Colombo, India:
"Arrived safely, pleasant voyage,
all well."
The following telegrnm was re
ceived from Mrs. Stanford this
morning from Colombo, India:
"Arrived safely, pleasant voyage,
all well."
The following telegrnm was re
ceived from Mrs. Stanford this
morning from Colombo, India:
"Arrived safely, pleasant voyage,
all well."
The following telegrnm was re
ceived from Mrs. Stanford this
morning from Colombo, India:
"Arrived safely, pleasant voyage,
all well."
The following telegrnm was re
ceived from Mrs. Stanford this
morning from Colombo, India:
"Arrived safely, pleasant voyage,
all well."
The following telegrnm was re
ceived from Mrs. Stanford this
morning from Colombo, India:
"Arrived safely, pleasant voyage,
all well."
The following telegrnm was re
ceived from Mrs. Stanford this
morning from Colombo, India:
"Arrived safely, pleasant voyage,
all well."
The following telegrnm was re
ceived from Mrs. Stanford this
morning from Colombo, India:
"Arrived safely, pleasant voyage,
all well."
