# College Notes.
## 
### 
—The negro students at Indiana
University have formed a Greek
letter fraternity.
—Cross Country Clubs have been
formed at the University of Indi
ana, and Phillips Academy, Ando
ver.
—University of Minnesota has
secured a swordsman to teach fenc
ing to its students. Classes will be
organized for both men and women.
—Bennis Pierce, the Carlisle
guard, will coach the Sherman
Institute Indian football team at
Riverside this season. Pierce
played with the Perris Indians last
year.
—Yale athletes need no longer
maintain a higher average of schol
arship than other students. Form
erly athletes were required to rank
25 points higher on a scale of 400.
than were those who did not take
part in the contests.
