# Communication.
## 
### 
Editor Daily Palo Alto:
A great many men are playing
tennis on the campus, but their
practice is desultory, and practic
ally no effort is being made to de
velop double teams among them.
A club was organized in the
University for the sole purpose of
encouraging the game and bringing
out new men. Several players who
entered this year are anxious to
join this club with the avowed pur
pose of trying for the Varsity. It
had been supposed that a meeting
was to have been called several
weeks ago, but as yet the call has
not been issued. The tennis sea
son is rapidly slipping away, and
unless something is done very soon

no organization will be effected
until the spring semester. Every
body knows under what difficulties
the tennis men labored last year.
There was no lack of spirit among
the aspirants for the team, but
there was a deplorably short time
for practice before the intercollegi
ate contest. Why can't something
be done by the club while there is
yet time? Player.
Editor Daily Palo Alto:
A great many men are playing
tennis on the campus, but their
practice is desultory, and practic
ally no effort is being made to de
velop double teams among them.
A club was organized in the
University for the sole purpose of
encouraging the game and bringing
out new men. Several players who
entered this year are anxious to
join this club with the avowed pur
pose of trying for the Varsity. It
had been supposed that a meeting
was to have been called several
weeks ago, but as yet the call has
not been issued. The tennis sea
son is rapidly slipping away, and
unless something is done very soon

no organization will be effected
until the spring semester. Every
body knows under what difficulties
the tennis men labored last year.
There was no lack of spirit among
the aspirants for the team, but
there was a deplorably short time
for practice before the intercollegi
ate contest. Why can't something
be done by the club while there is
yet time? Player.
Editor Daily Palo Alto:
A great many men are playing
tennis on the campus, but their
practice is desultory, and practic
ally no effort is being made to de
velop double teams among them.
A club was organized in the
University for the sole purpose of
encouraging the game and bringing
out new men. Several players who
entered this year are anxious to
join this club with the avowed pur
pose of trying for the Varsity. It
had been supposed that a meeting
was to have been called several
weeks ago, but as yet the call has
not been issued. The tennis sea
son is rapidly slipping away, and
unless something is done very soon

no organization will be effected
until the spring semester. Every
body knows under what difficulties
the tennis men labored last year.
There was no lack of spirit among
the aspirants for the team, but
there was a deplorably short time
for practice before the intercollegi
ate contest. Why can't something
be done by the club while there is
yet time? Player.
Editor Daily Palo Alto:
A great many men are playing
tennis on the campus, but their
practice is desultory, and practic
ally no effort is being made to de
velop double teams among them.
A club was organized in the
University for the sole purpose of
encouraging the game and bringing
out new men. Several players who
entered this year are anxious to
join this club with the avowed pur
pose of trying for the Varsity. It
had been supposed that a meeting
was to have been called several
weeks ago, but as yet the call has
not been issued. The tennis sea
son is rapidly slipping away, and
unless something is done very soon

no organization will be effected
until the spring semester. Every
body knows under what difficulties
the tennis men labored last year.
There was no lack of spirit among
the aspirants for the team, but
there was a deplorably short time
for practice before the intercollegi
ate contest. Why can't something
be done by the club while there is
yet time? Player.
Editor Daily Palo Alto:
A great many men are playing
tennis on the campus, but their
practice is desultory, and practic
ally no effort is being made to de
velop double teams among them.
A club was organized in the
University for the sole purpose of
encouraging the game and bringing
out new men. Several players who
entered this year are anxious to
join this club with the avowed pur
pose of trying for the Varsity. It
had been supposed that a meeting
was to have been called several
weeks ago, but as yet the call has
not been issued. The tennis sea
son is rapidly slipping away, and
unless something is done very soon

no organization will be effected
until the spring semester. Every
body knows under what difficulties
the tennis men labored last year.
There was no lack of spirit among
the aspirants for the team, but
there was a deplorably short time
for practice before the intercollegi
ate contest. Why can't something
be done by the club while there is
yet time? Player.
Editor Daily Palo Alto:
A great many men are playing
tennis on the campus, but their
practice is desultory, and practic
ally no effort is being made to de
velop double teams among them.
A club was organized in the
University for the sole purpose of
encouraging the game and bringing
out new men. Several players who
entered this year are anxious to
join this club with the avowed pur
pose of trying for the Varsity. It
had been supposed that a meeting
was to have been called several
weeks ago, but as yet the call has
not been issued. The tennis sea
son is rapidly slipping away, and
unless something is done very soon

no organization will be effected
until the spring semester. Every
body knows under what difficulties
the tennis men labored last year.
There was no lack of spirit among
the aspirants for the team, but
there was a deplorably short time
for practice before the intercollegi
ate contest. Why can't something
be done by the club while there is
yet time? Player.
Editor Daily Palo Alto:
A great many men are playing
tennis on the campus, but their
practice is desultory, and practic
ally no effort is being made to de
velop double teams among them.
A club was organized in the
University for the sole purpose of
encouraging the game and bringing
out new men. Several players who
entered this year are anxious to
join this club with the avowed pur
pose of trying for the Varsity. It
had been supposed that a meeting
was to have been called several
weeks ago, but as yet the call has
not been issued. The tennis sea
son is rapidly slipping away, and
unless something is done very soon

no organization will be effected
until the spring semester. Every
body knows under what difficulties
the tennis men labored last year.
There was no lack of spirit among
the aspirants for the team, but
there was a deplorably short time
for practice before the intercollegi
ate contest. Why can't something
be done by the club while there is
yet time? Player.
Editor Daily Palo Alto:
A great many men are playing
tennis on the campus, but their
practice is desultory, and practic
ally no effort is being made to de
velop double teams among them.
A club was organized in the
University for the sole purpose of
encouraging the game and bringing
out new men. Several players who
entered this year are anxious to
join this club with the avowed pur
pose of trying for the Varsity. It
had been supposed that a meeting
was to have been called several
weeks ago, but as yet the call has
not been issued. The tennis sea
son is rapidly slipping away, and
unless something is done very soon

no organization will be effected
until the spring semester. Every
body knows under what difficulties
the tennis men labored last year.
There was no lack of spirit among
the aspirants for the team, but
there was a deplorably short time
for practice before the intercollegi
ate contest. Why can't something
be done by the club while there is
yet time? Player.
