# Executive Committee Meets.
## 
### 
No business of any importance
was transacted at last night's meet
ing of the student body Executive
Committee. The student body
treasurer announced that he was
arranging to put down a new sur
face on the southern end of the
running track, as it was found that
the heavy rains make the present
bed of clay very soft. Track men
have been greatly handicapped by
this in their spring training. A
width of six feet from the pole will
be torn up for one hundred yards
and a new bed of six inches of an
other kind of dirt put down. Ex
periments have been made with
different kinds of earth, and it is
believed that very satisfactory ma
terial has now been found. The
runways for the pole-vault and high
jump will be made over with the
same dirt.
No business of any importance
was transacted at last night's meet
ing of the student body Executive
Committee. The student body
treasurer announced that he was
arranging to put down a new sur
face on the southern end of the
running track, as it was found that
the heavy rains make the present
bed of clay very soft. Track men
have been greatly handicapped by
this in their spring training. A
width of six feet from the pole will
be torn up for one hundred yards
and a new bed of six inches of an
other kind of dirt put down. Ex
periments have been made with
different kinds of earth, and it is
believed that very satisfactory ma
terial has now been found. The
runways for the pole-vault and high
jump will be made over with the
same dirt.
No business of any importance
was transacted at last night's meet
ing of the student body Executive
Committee. The student body
treasurer announced that he was
arranging to put down a new sur
face on the southern end of the
running track, as it was found that
the heavy rains make the present
bed of clay very soft. Track men
have been greatly handicapped by
this in their spring training. A
width of six feet from the pole will
be torn up for one hundred yards
and a new bed of six inches of an
other kind of dirt put down. Ex
periments have been made with
different kinds of earth, and it is
believed that very satisfactory ma
terial has now been found. The
runways for the pole-vault and high
jump will be made over with the
same dirt.
No business of any importance
was transacted at last night's meet
ing of the student body Executive
Committee. The student body
treasurer announced that he was
arranging to put down a new sur
face on the southern end of the
running track, as it was found that
the heavy rains make the present
bed of clay very soft. Track men
have been greatly handicapped by
this in their spring training. A
width of six feet from the pole will
be torn up for one hundred yards
and a new bed of six inches of an
other kind of dirt put down. Ex
periments have been made with
different kinds of earth, and it is
believed that very satisfactory ma
terial has now been found. The
runways for the pole-vault and high
jump will be made over with the
same dirt.
No business of any importance
was transacted at last night's meet
ing of the student body Executive
Committee. The student body
treasurer announced that he was
arranging to put down a new sur
face on the southern end of the
running track, as it was found that
the heavy rains make the present
bed of clay very soft. Track men
have been greatly handicapped by
this in their spring training. A
width of six feet from the pole will
be torn up for one hundred yards
and a new bed of six inches of an
other kind of dirt put down. Ex
periments have been made with
different kinds of earth, and it is
believed that very satisfactory ma
terial has now been found. The
runways for the pole-vault and high
jump will be made over with the
same dirt.
No business of any importance
was transacted at last night's meet
ing of the student body Executive
Committee. The student body
treasurer announced that he was
arranging to put down a new sur
face on the southern end of the
running track, as it was found that
the heavy rains make the present
bed of clay very soft. Track men
have been greatly handicapped by
this in their spring training. A
width of six feet from the pole will
be torn up for one hundred yards
and a new bed of six inches of an
other kind of dirt put down. Ex
periments have been made with
different kinds of earth, and it is
believed that very satisfactory ma
terial has now been found. The
runways for the pole-vault and high
jump will be made over with the
same dirt.
No business of any importance
was transacted at last night's meet
ing of the student body Executive
Committee. The student body
treasurer announced that he was
arranging to put down a new sur
face on the southern end of the
running track, as it was found that
the heavy rains make the present
bed of clay very soft. Track men
have been greatly handicapped by
this in their spring training. A
width of six feet from the pole will
be torn up for one hundred yards
and a new bed of six inches of an
other kind of dirt put down. Ex
periments have been made with
different kinds of earth, and it is
believed that very satisfactory ma
terial has now been found. The
runways for the pole-vault and high
jump will be made over with the
same dirt.
No business of any importance
was transacted at last night's meet
ing of the student body Executive
Committee. The student body
treasurer announced that he was
arranging to put down a new sur
face on the southern end of the
running track, as it was found that
the heavy rains make the present
bed of clay very soft. Track men
have been greatly handicapped by
this in their spring training. A
width of six feet from the pole will
be torn up for one hundred yards
and a new bed of six inches of an
other kind of dirt put down. Ex
periments have been made with
different kinds of earth, and it is
believed that very satisfactory ma
terial has now been found. The
runways for the pole-vault and high
jump will be made over with the
same dirt.
