# Fall Petition Filing Opens Wednesday
## 
### 
Nominations for 23 Legislature
and Class of '63 offices to be de
cided during the fall elections
will open tomorrow at 9 a.m. and
will run until 5 p.m. Tuesday.
Legislature offices to be filled
are one representative each from
Men's Row. Stern, off - campus
men, Lagunita, Moore, Union, Ro
ble, Branner, Women's Row (in
cluding Ventura), Graduate
School of Engineering, Medical
School, and two representatives
each from Wilbur and the com
bined Graduate Schools of Hu
manities and Sciences and Min
eral Sciences.
Also to be filled are head yell
leader, two representatives to
Women's Council, two to Men's
Council, and Class of '63 presi
dent, vice-president and business
manager.
Nomination slips may be
picked up at the ASSU office and
must be filed in the nominations
box just outside the office. All
candidates will receive campaign
rules through the mail, but must
attend the candidates' meeting at
7 p.rrt. Tuesday.
Primary elections will be held
Nov. 4 and 5, and final elections
will be Nov. 11 and 12.
