# Colleges Against Discrimination
## 
### 
SACRAMENTO (/!Â») - Califor
nia's 14 state college presidents
unanimously adopted a proposed
regulation Monday to bar dis
crimination in fraternities, soro
rities and other organizations at
their schools.
The regulation will bo submit
ted to the State Board of Educa
tion Nov. 5. If approved it would
go into effect Sept. 1. 1964.
After that date no eamptis or
ganization would be allowed to
restrict membership on the basis
of race, religion or nationality.
The presidents noted that the
regulation is needed as an "emer
gency matter" to bring the col
legos in line with recent state
legislation against discrimina
tion.
The presidents said four schools
would be affected by the regula
tion San Jose, San Diego, Hum
boldt and Fresno State Colleges.
These are the only schools with
national organizations whose con
stitutions or by-laws carry clauses
forbidding admission to people of
certain races or religions.
