# RELIEF PLEDGES DUE
## 
### 
Pledges for contributions to the
Stanford Relief Fund are due to
day, announced Bill Dirkcr and
Molly Shaw, co-chairmen of the
drive.
Pledges for contributions to the
Stanford Relief Fund are due to
day, announced Bill Dirkcr and
Molly Shaw, co-chairmen of the
drive.
Pledges for contributions to the
Stanford Relief Fund are due to
day, announced Bill Dirkcr and
Molly Shaw, co-chairmen of the
drive.
Pledges for contributions to the
Stanford Relief Fund are due to
day, announced Bill Dirkcr and
Molly Shaw, co-chairmen of the
drive.
Pledges for contributions to the
Stanford Relief Fund are due to
day, announced Bill Dirkcr and
Molly Shaw, co-chairmen of the
drive.
Pledges for contributions to the
Stanford Relief Fund are due to
day, announced Bill Dirkcr and
Molly Shaw, co-chairmen of the
drive.
Pledges for contributions to the
Stanford Relief Fund are due to
day, announced Bill Dirkcr and
Molly Shaw, co-chairmen of the
drive.
Pledges for contributions to the
Stanford Relief Fund are due to
day, announced Bill Dirkcr and
Molly Shaw, co-chairmen of the
drive.
Pledges for contributions to the
Stanford Relief Fund are due to
day, announced Bill Dirkcr and
Molly Shaw, co-chairmen of the
drive.
Pledges for contributions to the
Stanford Relief Fund are due to
day, announced Bill Dirkcr and
Molly Shaw, co-chairmen of the
drive.
Pledges for contributions to the
Stanford Relief Fund are due to
day, announced Bill Dirkcr and
Molly Shaw, co-chairmen of the
drive.
Pledges for contributions to the
Stanford Relief Fund are due to
day, announced Bill Dirkcr and
Molly Shaw, co-chairmen of the
drive.
Pledges for contributions to the
Stanford Relief Fund are due to
day, announced Bill Dirkcr and
Molly Shaw, co-chairmen of the
drive.
Pledges for contributions to the
Stanford Relief Fund are due to
day, announced Bill Dirkcr and
Molly Shaw, co-chairmen of the
drive.
Pledges for contributions to the
Stanford Relief Fund are due to
day, announced Bill Dirkcr and
Molly Shaw, co-chairmen of the
drive.
