# Monsieur Jacot Addresses Club.
## 
### 
Monsieur .lacot, of Switzerland, ad
dressed the French Club at its regular
meeting last evening on his adventures
and experiences while en route frori
Russia to Pekin.
Monsieur .lacot, of Switzerland, ad
dressed the French Club at its regular
meeting last evening on his adventures
and experiences while en route frori
Russia to Pekin.
Monsieur .lacot, of Switzerland, ad
dressed the French Club at its regular
meeting last evening on his adventures
and experiences while en route frori
Russia to Pekin.
Monsieur .lacot, of Switzerland, ad
dressed the French Club at its regular
meeting last evening on his adventures
and experiences while en route frori
Russia to Pekin.
Monsieur .lacot, of Switzerland, ad
dressed the French Club at its regular
meeting last evening on his adventures
and experiences while en route frori
Russia to Pekin.
Monsieur .lacot, of Switzerland, ad
dressed the French Club at its regular
meeting last evening on his adventures
and experiences while en route frori
Russia to Pekin.
Monsieur .lacot, of Switzerland, ad
dressed the French Club at its regular
meeting last evening on his adventures
and experiences while en route frori
Russia to Pekin.
Monsieur .lacot, of Switzerland, ad
dressed the French Club at its regular
meeting last evening on his adventures
and experiences while en route frori
Russia to Pekin.
Monsieur .lacot, of Switzerland, ad
dressed the French Club at its regular
meeting last evening on his adventures
and experiences while en route frori
Russia to Pekin.
Monsieur .lacot, of Switzerland, ad
dressed the French Club at its regular
meeting last evening on his adventures
and experiences while en route frori
Russia to Pekin.
Monsieur .lacot, of Switzerland, ad
dressed the French Club at its regular
meeting last evening on his adventures
and experiences while en route frori
Russia to Pekin.
Monsieur .lacot, of Switzerland, ad
dressed the French Club at its regular
meeting last evening on his adventures
and experiences while en route frori
Russia to Pekin.
Monsieur .lacot, of Switzerland, ad
dressed the French Club at its regular
meeting last evening on his adventures
and experiences while en route frori
Russia to Pekin.
