# Seattle Man Receives Appointment.
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Jan. 20—William H.
Harry, of Seattle, was chosen today
by President Woodrow Wilson as one
of the members of the Federal Trade
Commission, according to authorita
tive information.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 20—William H.
Harry, of Seattle, was chosen today
by President Woodrow Wilson as one
of the members of the Federal Trade
Commission, according to authorita
tive information.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 20—William H.
Harry, of Seattle, was chosen today
by President Woodrow Wilson as one
of the members of the Federal Trade
Commission, according to authorita
tive information.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 20—William H.
Harry, of Seattle, was chosen today
by President Woodrow Wilson as one
of the members of the Federal Trade
Commission, according to authorita
tive information.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 20—William H.
Harry, of Seattle, was chosen today
by President Woodrow Wilson as one
of the members of the Federal Trade
Commission, according to authorita
tive information.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 20—William H.
Harry, of Seattle, was chosen today
by President Woodrow Wilson as one
of the members of the Federal Trade
Commission, according to authorita
tive information.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 20—William H.
Harry, of Seattle, was chosen today
by President Woodrow Wilson as one
of the members of the Federal Trade
Commission, according to authorita
tive information.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 20—William H.
Harry, of Seattle, was chosen today
by President Woodrow Wilson as one
of the members of the Federal Trade
Commission, according to authorita
tive information.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 20—William H.
Harry, of Seattle, was chosen today
by President Woodrow Wilson as one
of the members of the Federal Trade
Commission, according to authorita
tive information.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 20—William H.
Harry, of Seattle, was chosen today
by President Woodrow Wilson as one
of the members of the Federal Trade
Commission, according to authorita
tive information.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 20—William H.
Harry, of Seattle, was chosen today
by President Woodrow Wilson as one
of the members of the Federal Trade
Commission, according to authorita
tive information.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 20—William H.
Harry, of Seattle, was chosen today
by President Woodrow Wilson as one
of the members of the Federal Trade
Commission, according to authorita
tive information.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 20—William H.
Harry, of Seattle, was chosen today
by President Woodrow Wilson as one
of the members of the Federal Trade
Commission, according to authorita
tive information.
