# Untitled Article
## 
### 
In order to keep the University
community as well informed as
possible regarding the programs
of the next few days, the Daily
Palo Alto will be published for
the remainder of the college week
as usual.
In order to keep the University
community as well informed as
possible regarding the programs
of the next few days, the Daily
Palo Alto will be published for
the remainder of the college week
as usual.
In order to keep the University
community as well informed as
possible regarding the programs
of the next few days, the Daily
Palo Alto will be published for
the remainder of the college week
as usual.
In order to keep the University
community as well informed as
possible regarding the programs
of the next few days, the Daily
Palo Alto will be published for
the remainder of the college week
as usual.
In order to keep the University
community as well informed as
possible regarding the programs
of the next few days, the Daily
Palo Alto will be published for
the remainder of the college week
as usual.
In order to keep the University
community as well informed as
possible regarding the programs
of the next few days, the Daily
Palo Alto will be published for
the remainder of the college week
as usual.
In order to keep the University
community as well informed as
possible regarding the programs
of the next few days, the Daily
Palo Alto will be published for
the remainder of the college week
as usual.
In order to keep the University
community as well informed as
possible regarding the programs
of the next few days, the Daily
Palo Alto will be published for
the remainder of the college week
as usual.
