# Untitled Article
## 
### 
--Harvard recently won the an
nual intercollegiate hockey match
with Yale by a score of 7 to 1.
--Harvard recently won the an
nual intercollegiate hockey match
with Yale by a score of 7 to 1.
--Harvard recently won the an
nual intercollegiate hockey match
with Yale by a score of 7 to 1.
--Harvard recently won the an
nual intercollegiate hockey match
with Yale by a score of 7 to 1.
--Harvard recently won the an
nual intercollegiate hockey match
with Yale by a score of 7 to 1.
--Harvard recently won the an
nual intercollegiate hockey match
with Yale by a score of 7 to 1.
--Harvard recently won the an
nual intercollegiate hockey match
with Yale by a score of 7 to 1.
--Harvard recently won the an
nual intercollegiate hockey match
with Yale by a score of 7 to 1.
