# DEBATING TEAMS CHOSEN.
## Strong Carnot Men to Meet California.â€”Blair, Dibble, and Osgood Will Go to Nevada. 
### 
IR. G. Barnett, '05, D. D. Sales,
'06, and A. Sherriffs, '05, will com
pose the team which will meet the
University of California in debate
on April 15th. W. L. Blair, '05,
A. M. Dibble, '05, and C. S. Os
good, '06, will journey to Reno a
week later to meet the University
of Nevada in a similar contest. E.
A. Cunha, '06, and A. R. Fletcher,
'05, will act as first and second al
ternates respectively to these two
teams. Such were the selections
made by the judges, Professors
Durand, Duniway and Cathcart, at
the try-out held in the chapel Sat
urday evening.
There were eleven candidates for
places and these were divided into
two squads. The subject for de
bate was the regulation of railroad
rates by the Interstate Commerce
Commission, the question which
will be discussed in the intercol
legiate debate with California. All
the speakers showed excellent
preparation. Barnett made a
strong presentation of 'the negative
side of the case, his particular ar
gument being that the proposed
measure would not reach the real
evils of railroad rates. Sales was
strong in delivery rather than
argument, and Sherriffs made a
forcible speech attacking the pro
posed measure.
The work of the men chosen to
compose the Nevada team was also
uniformly good. Dibble presented
an excellent argument in favor of
the resolution and delivered it in
a telling, animated manner. Blair's
speech was strong in argument,
and he did excellent rebuttal work.
Osgood's delivery was quiet, but
effective, and his argument was
much along the same lines as the
other speakers.
Since California has not as yet
selected her debating team, no com
parison of the merits of the repre
sentatives of the two universities
can now be made. Stanford will,
however, be strongly represented,
since the three men chosen are the
same as composed this year's vic
torious Carnot team. They are all
men of experience and can be de
pended on to make a good fight for
the decision. If Stanford wins this
year she will not only secure perma
nent possession of the Hearst cup,
but will furthermore achieve the
honor of having won three consecu
tive debates, a thing hitherto not
accomplished in the history oi de
bating between California and
Stanford.
IR. G. Barnett, '05, D. D. Sales,
'06, and A. Sherriffs, '05, will com
pose the team which will meet the
University of California in debate
on April 15th. W. L. Blair, '05,
A. M. Dibble, '05, and C. S. Os
good, '06, will journey to Reno a
week later to meet the University
of Nevada in a similar contest. E.
A. Cunha, '06, and A. R. Fletcher,
'05, will act as first and second al
ternates respectively to these two
teams. Such were the selections
made by the judges, Professors
Durand, Duniway and Cathcart, at
the try-out held in the chapel Sat
urday evening.
There were eleven candidates for
places and these were divided into
two squads. The subject for de
bate was the regulation of railroad
rates by the Interstate Commerce
Commission, the question which
will be discussed in the intercol
legiate debate with California. All
the speakers showed excellent
preparation. Barnett made a
strong presentation of 'the negative
side of the case, his particular ar
gument being that the proposed
measure would not reach the real
evils of railroad rates. Sales was
strong in delivery rather than
argument, and Sherriffs made a
forcible speech attacking the pro
posed measure.
The work of the men chosen to
compose the Nevada team was also
uniformly good. Dibble presented
an excellent argument in favor of
the resolution and delivered it in
a telling, animated manner. Blair's
speech was strong in argument,
and he did excellent rebuttal work.
Osgood's delivery was quiet, but
effective, and his argument was
much along the same lines as the
other speakers.
Since California has not as yet
selected her debating team, no com
parison of the merits of the repre
sentatives of the two universities
can now be made. Stanford will,
however, be strongly represented,
since the three men chosen are the
same as composed this year's vic
torious Carnot team. They are all
men of experience and can be de
pended on to make a good fight for
the decision. If Stanford wins this
year she will not only secure perma
nent possession of the Hearst cup,
but will furthermore achieve the
honor of having won three consecu
tive debates, a thing hitherto not
accomplished in the history oi de
bating between California and
Stanford.
IR. G. Barnett, '05, D. D. Sales,
'06, and A. Sherriffs, '05, will com
pose the team which will meet the
University of California in debate
on April 15th. W. L. Blair, '05,
A. M. Dibble, '05, and C. S. Os
good, '06, will journey to Reno a
week later to meet the University
of Nevada in a similar contest. E.
A. Cunha, '06, and A. R. Fletcher,
'05, will act as first and second al
ternates respectively to these two
teams. Such were the selections
made by the judges, Professors
Durand, Duniway and Cathcart, at
the try-out held in the chapel Sat
urday evening.
There were eleven candidates for
places and these were divided into
two squads. The subject for de
bate was the regulation of railroad
rates by the Interstate Commerce
Commission, the question which
will be discussed in the intercol
legiate debate with California. All
the speakers showed excellent
preparation. Barnett made a
strong presentation of 'the negative
side of the case, his particular ar
gument being that the proposed
measure would not reach the real
evils of railroad rates. Sales was
strong in delivery rather than
argument, and Sherriffs made a
forcible speech attacking the pro
posed measure.
The work of the men chosen to
compose the Nevada team was also
uniformly good. Dibble presented
an excellent argument in favor of
the resolution and delivered it in
a telling, animated manner. Blair's
speech was strong in argument,
and he did excellent rebuttal work.
Osgood's delivery was quiet, but
effective, and his argument was
much along the same lines as the
other speakers.
Since California has not as yet
selected her debating team, no com
parison of the merits of the repre
sentatives of the two universities
can now be made. Stanford will,
however, be strongly represented,
since the three men chosen are the
same as composed this year's vic
torious Carnot team. They are all
men of experience and can be de
pended on to make a good fight for
the decision. If Stanford wins this
year she will not only secure perma
nent possession of the Hearst cup,
but will furthermore achieve the
honor of having won three consecu
tive debates, a thing hitherto not
accomplished in the history oi de
bating between California and
Stanford.
IR. G. Barnett, '05, D. D. Sales,
'06, and A. Sherriffs, '05, will com
pose the team which will meet the
University of California in debate
on April 15th. W. L. Blair, '05,
A. M. Dibble, '05, and C. S. Os
good, '06, will journey to Reno a
week later to meet the University
of Nevada in a similar contest. E.
A. Cunha, '06, and A. R. Fletcher,
'05, will act as first and second al
ternates respectively to these two
teams. Such were the selections
made by the judges, Professors
Durand, Duniway and Cathcart, at
the try-out held in the chapel Sat
urday evening.
There were eleven candidates for
places and these were divided into
two squads. The subject for de
bate was the regulation of railroad
rates by the Interstate Commerce
Commission, the question which
will be discussed in the intercol
legiate debate with California. All
the speakers showed excellent
preparation. Barnett made a
strong presentation of 'the negative
side of the case, his particular ar
gument being that the proposed
measure would not reach the real
evils of railroad rates. Sales was
strong in delivery rather than
argument, and Sherriffs made a
forcible speech attacking the pro
posed measure.
The work of the men chosen to
compose the Nevada team was also
uniformly good. Dibble presented
an excellent argument in favor of
the resolution and delivered it in
a telling, animated manner. Blair's
speech was strong in argument,
and he did excellent rebuttal work.
Osgood's delivery was quiet, but
effective, and his argument was
much along the same lines as the
other speakers.
Since California has not as yet
selected her debating team, no com
parison of the merits of the repre
sentatives of the two universities
can now be made. Stanford will,
however, be strongly represented,
since the three men chosen are the
same as composed this year's vic
torious Carnot team. They are all
men of experience and can be de
pended on to make a good fight for
the decision. If Stanford wins this
year she will not only secure perma
nent possession of the Hearst cup,
but will furthermore achieve the
honor of having won three consecu
tive debates, a thing hitherto not
accomplished in the history oi de
bating between California and
Stanford.
IR. G. Barnett, '05, D. D. Sales,
'06, and A. Sherriffs, '05, will com
pose the team which will meet the
University of California in debate
on April 15th. W. L. Blair, '05,
A. M. Dibble, '05, and C. S. Os
good, '06, will journey to Reno a
week later to meet the University
of Nevada in a similar contest. E.
A. Cunha, '06, and A. R. Fletcher,
'05, will act as first and second al
ternates respectively to these two
teams. Such were the selections
made by the judges, Professors
Durand, Duniway and Cathcart, at
the try-out held in the chapel Sat
urday evening.
There were eleven candidates for
places and these were divided into
two squads. The subject for de
bate was the regulation of railroad
rates by the Interstate Commerce
Commission, the question which
will be discussed in the intercol
legiate debate with California. All
the speakers showed excellent
preparation. Barnett made a
strong presentation of 'the negative
side of the case, his particular ar
gument being that the proposed
measure would not reach the real
evils of railroad rates. Sales was
strong in delivery rather than
argument, and Sherriffs made a
forcible speech attacking the pro
posed measure.
The work of the men chosen to
compose the Nevada team was also
uniformly good. Dibble presented
an excellent argument in favor of
the resolution and delivered it in
a telling, animated manner. Blair's
speech was strong in argument,
and he did excellent rebuttal work.
Osgood's delivery was quiet, but
effective, and his argument was
much along the same lines as the
other speakers.
Since California has not as yet
selected her debating team, no com
parison of the merits of the repre
sentatives of the two universities
can now be made. Stanford will,
however, be strongly represented,
since the three men chosen are the
same as composed this year's vic
torious Carnot team. They are all
men of experience and can be de
pended on to make a good fight for
the decision. If Stanford wins this
year she will not only secure perma
nent possession of the Hearst cup,
but will furthermore achieve the
honor of having won three consecu
tive debates, a thing hitherto not
accomplished in the history oi de
bating between California and
Stanford.
IR. G. Barnett, '05, D. D. Sales,
'06, and A. Sherriffs, '05, will com
pose the team which will meet the
University of California in debate
on April 15th. W. L. Blair, '05,
A. M. Dibble, '05, and C. S. Os
good, '06, will journey to Reno a
week later to meet the University
of Nevada in a similar contest. E.
A. Cunha, '06, and A. R. Fletcher,
'05, will act as first and second al
ternates respectively to these two
teams. Such were the selections
made by the judges, Professors
Durand, Duniway and Cathcart, at
the try-out held in the chapel Sat
urday evening.
There were eleven candidates for
places and these were divided into
two squads. The subject for de
bate was the regulation of railroad
rates by the Interstate Commerce
Commission, the question which
will be discussed in the intercol
legiate debate with California. All
the speakers showed excellent
preparation. Barnett made a
strong presentation of 'the negative
side of the case, his particular ar
gument being that the proposed
measure would not reach the real
evils of railroad rates. Sales was
strong in delivery rather than
argument, and Sherriffs made a
forcible speech attacking the pro
posed measure.
The work of the men chosen to
compose the Nevada team was also
uniformly good. Dibble presented
an excellent argument in favor of
the resolution and delivered it in
a telling, animated manner. Blair's
speech was strong in argument,
and he did excellent rebuttal work.
Osgood's delivery was quiet, but
effective, and his argument was
much along the same lines as the
other speakers.
Since California has not as yet
selected her debating team, no com
parison of the merits of the repre
sentatives of the two universities
can now be made. Stanford will,
however, be strongly represented,
since the three men chosen are the
same as composed this year's vic
torious Carnot team. They are all
men of experience and can be de
pended on to make a good fight for
the decision. If Stanford wins this
year she will not only secure perma
nent possession of the Hearst cup,
but will furthermore achieve the
honor of having won three consecu
tive debates, a thing hitherto not
accomplished in the history oi de
bating between California and
Stanford.
IR. G. Barnett, '05, D. D. Sales,
'06, and A. Sherriffs, '05, will com
pose the team which will meet the
University of California in debate
on April 15th. W. L. Blair, '05,
A. M. Dibble, '05, and C. S. Os
good, '06, will journey to Reno a
week later to meet the University
of Nevada in a similar contest. E.
A. Cunha, '06, and A. R. Fletcher,
'05, will act as first and second al
ternates respectively to these two
teams. Such were the selections
made by the judges, Professors
Durand, Duniway and Cathcart, at
the try-out held in the chapel Sat
urday evening.
There were eleven candidates for
places and these were divided into
two squads. The subject for de
bate was the regulation of railroad
rates by the Interstate Commerce
Commission, the question which
will be discussed in the intercol
legiate debate with California. All
the speakers showed excellent
preparation. Barnett made a
strong presentation of 'the negative
side of the case, his particular ar
gument being that the proposed
measure would not reach the real
evils of railroad rates. Sales was
strong in delivery rather than
argument, and Sherriffs made a
forcible speech attacking the pro
posed measure.
The work of the men chosen to
compose the Nevada team was also
uniformly good. Dibble presented
an excellent argument in favor of
the resolution and delivered it in
a telling, animated manner. Blair's
speech was strong in argument,
and he did excellent rebuttal work.
Osgood's delivery was quiet, but
effective, and his argument was
much along the same lines as the
other speakers.
Since California has not as yet
selected her debating team, no com
parison of the merits of the repre
sentatives of the two universities
can now be made. Stanford will,
however, be strongly represented,
since the three men chosen are the
same as composed this year's vic
torious Carnot team. They are all
men of experience and can be de
pended on to make a good fight for
the decision. If Stanford wins this
year she will not only secure perma
nent possession of the Hearst cup,
but will furthermore achieve the
honor of having won three consecu
tive debates, a thing hitherto not
accomplished in the history oi de
bating between California and
Stanford.
IR. G. Barnett, '05, D. D. Sales,
'06, and A. Sherriffs, '05, will com
pose the team which will meet the
University of California in debate
on April 15th. W. L. Blair, '05,
A. M. Dibble, '05, and C. S. Os
good, '06, will journey to Reno a
week later to meet the University
of Nevada in a similar contest. E.
A. Cunha, '06, and A. R. Fletcher,
'05, will act as first and second al
ternates respectively to these two
teams. Such were the selections
made by the judges, Professors
Durand, Duniway and Cathcart, at
the try-out held in the chapel Sat
urday evening.
There were eleven candidates for
places and these were divided into
two squads. The subject for de
bate was the regulation of railroad
rates by the Interstate Commerce
Commission, the question which
will be discussed in the intercol
legiate debate with California. All
the speakers showed excellent
preparation. Barnett made a
strong presentation of 'the negative
side of the case, his particular ar
gument being that the proposed
measure would not reach the real
evils of railroad rates. Sales was
strong in delivery rather than
argument, and Sherriffs made a
forcible speech attacking the pro
posed measure.
The work of the men chosen to
compose the Nevada team was also
uniformly good. Dibble presented
an excellent argument in favor of
the resolution and delivered it in
a telling, animated manner. Blair's
speech was strong in argument,
and he did excellent rebuttal work.
Osgood's delivery was quiet, but
effective, and his argument was
much along the same lines as the
other speakers.
Since California has not as yet
selected her debating team, no com
parison of the merits of the repre
sentatives of the two universities
can now be made. Stanford will,
however, be strongly represented,
since the three men chosen are the
same as composed this year's vic
torious Carnot team. They are all
men of experience and can be de
pended on to make a good fight for
the decision. If Stanford wins this
year she will not only secure perma
nent possession of the Hearst cup,
but will furthermore achieve the
honor of having won three consecu
tive debates, a thing hitherto not
accomplished in the history oi de
bating between California and
Stanford.
