# Gymnasts Edge OC; Championships Next
## 
### 
' The Stanford gymnastics team de
feated the Olympic Club in a meet
at the Club gym last Friday night.
The Indians won by the narrow
margin of 29-26 against a team that
boasts some of the best gymnasts on
the West Coast.
' The Stanford gymnastics team de
feated the Olympic Club in a meet
at the Club gym last Friday night.
The Indians won by the narrow
margin of 29-26 against a team that
boasts some of the best gymnasts on
the West Coast.
' The Stanford gymnastics team de
feated the Olympic Club in a meet
at the Club gym last Friday night.
The Indians won by the narrow
margin of 29-26 against a team that
boasts some of the best gymnasts on
the West Coast.
' The Stanford gymnastics team de
feated the Olympic Club in a meet
at the Club gym last Friday night.
The Indians won by the narrow
margin of 29-26 against a team that
boasts some of the best gymnasts on
the West Coast.
' The Stanford gymnastics team de
feated the Olympic Club in a meet
at the Club gym last Friday night.
The Indians won by the narrow
margin of 29-26 against a team that
boasts some of the best gymnasts on
the West Coast.
' The Stanford gymnastics team de
feated the Olympic Club in a meet
at the Club gym last Friday night.
The Indians won by the narrow
margin of 29-26 against a team that
boasts some of the best gymnasts on
the West Coast.
' The Stanford gymnastics team de
feated the Olympic Club in a meet
at the Club gym last Friday night.
The Indians won by the narrow
margin of 29-26 against a team that
boasts some of the best gymnasts on
the West Coast.
' The Stanford gymnastics team de
feated the Olympic Club in a meet
at the Club gym last Friday night.
The Indians won by the narrow
margin of 29-26 against a team that
boasts some of the best gymnasts on
the West Coast.
' The Stanford gymnastics team de
feated the Olympic Club in a meet
at the Club gym last Friday night.
The Indians won by the narrow
margin of 29-26 against a team that
boasts some of the best gymnasts on
the West Coast.
' The Stanford gymnastics team de
feated the Olympic Club in a meet
at the Club gym last Friday night.
The Indians won by the narrow
margin of 29-26 against a team that
boasts some of the best gymnasts on
the West Coast.
' The Stanford gymnastics team de
feated the Olympic Club in a meet
at the Club gym last Friday night.
The Indians won by the narrow
margin of 29-26 against a team that
boasts some of the best gymnasts on
the West Coast.
' The Stanford gymnastics team de
feated the Olympic Club in a meet
at the Club gym last Friday night.
The Indians won by the narrow
margin of 29-26 against a team that
boasts some of the best gymnasts on
the West Coast.
' The Stanford gymnastics team de
feated the Olympic Club in a meet
at the Club gym last Friday night.
The Indians won by the narrow
margin of 29-26 against a team that
boasts some of the best gymnasts on
the West Coast.
' The Stanford gymnastics team de
feated the Olympic Club in a meet
at the Club gym last Friday night.
The Indians won by the narrow
margin of 29-26 against a team that
boasts some of the best gymnasts on
the West Coast.
' The Stanford gymnastics team de
feated the Olympic Club in a meet
at the Club gym last Friday night.
The Indians won by the narrow
margin of 29-26 against a team that
boasts some of the best gymnasts on
the West Coast.
