# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Yehudi Menuhin, boy violinist,
ended his 1933 concert tour in the
Stanford Pavilion.
Yehudi Menuhin, boy violinist,
ended his 1933 concert tour in the
Stanford Pavilion.
Yehudi Menuhin, boy violinist,
ended his 1933 concert tour in the
Stanford Pavilion.
Yehudi Menuhin, boy violinist,
ended his 1933 concert tour in the
Stanford Pavilion.
Yehudi Menuhin, boy violinist,
ended his 1933 concert tour in the
Stanford Pavilion.
Yehudi Menuhin, boy violinist,
ended his 1933 concert tour in the
Stanford Pavilion.
Yehudi Menuhin, boy violinist,
ended his 1933 concert tour in the
Stanford Pavilion.
Yehudi Menuhin, boy violinist,
ended his 1933 concert tour in the
Stanford Pavilion.
Yehudi Menuhin, boy violinist,
ended his 1933 concert tour in the
Stanford Pavilion.
Yehudi Menuhin, boy violinist,
ended his 1933 concert tour in the
Stanford Pavilion.
Yehudi Menuhin, boy violinist,
ended his 1933 concert tour in the
Stanford Pavilion.
Yehudi Menuhin, boy violinist,
ended his 1933 concert tour in the
Stanford Pavilion.
Yehudi Menuhin, boy violinist,
ended his 1933 concert tour in the
Stanford Pavilion.
Yehudi Menuhin, boy violinist,
ended his 1933 concert tour in the
Stanford Pavilion.
Yehudi Menuhin, boy violinist,
ended his 1933 concert tour in the
Stanford Pavilion.
