# Roble Collects $158 in Drive
## 
### 
Collecting $158.50 and over 1,450
articles for overseas shipment, the
three-day Roble Relief Drive ended
Saturday in what Ann Elliott, gen
eral chairman, termed a "booming
success."
Approximately 60 per cent of the
articles collected for overseas ship
ment were canned goods, the re
maining 40 per cent being clothing.
These items were gathered in a
house to house canvass of Palo Alto
and the campus Saturday afternoon.
Of the total $158.50 collected,
$46.50 was obtained from the Penny
Pet Show Friday and $112 from the
Sock Sale Thursday.
Proceeds from the drive will go
into the European scholarship fund.
Items collected for shipment over
seas will be sent to the University
of Naples.
