# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Prohibition ended for Stanford
students in 1933 as legalized 3.2 per
cent beer was sold in Menlo. Age
limit: .18 years.
Prohibition ended for Stanford
students in 1933 as legalized 3.2 per
cent beer was sold in Menlo. Age
limit: .18 years.
Prohibition ended for Stanford
students in 1933 as legalized 3.2 per
cent beer was sold in Menlo. Age
limit: .18 years.
Prohibition ended for Stanford
students in 1933 as legalized 3.2 per
cent beer was sold in Menlo. Age
limit: .18 years.
Prohibition ended for Stanford
students in 1933 as legalized 3.2 per
cent beer was sold in Menlo. Age
limit: .18 years.
Prohibition ended for Stanford
students in 1933 as legalized 3.2 per
cent beer was sold in Menlo. Age
limit: .18 years.
Prohibition ended for Stanford
students in 1933 as legalized 3.2 per
cent beer was sold in Menlo. Age
limit: .18 years.
Prohibition ended for Stanford
students in 1933 as legalized 3.2 per
cent beer was sold in Menlo. Age
limit: .18 years.
Prohibition ended for Stanford
students in 1933 as legalized 3.2 per
cent beer was sold in Menlo. Age
limit: .18 years.
Prohibition ended for Stanford
students in 1933 as legalized 3.2 per
cent beer was sold in Menlo. Age
limit: .18 years.
Prohibition ended for Stanford
students in 1933 as legalized 3.2 per
cent beer was sold in Menlo. Age
limit: .18 years.
Prohibition ended for Stanford
students in 1933 as legalized 3.2 per
cent beer was sold in Menlo. Age
limit: .18 years.
Prohibition ended for Stanford
students in 1933 as legalized 3.2 per
cent beer was sold in Menlo. Age
limit: .18 years.
Prohibition ended for Stanford
students in 1933 as legalized 3.2 per
cent beer was sold in Menlo. Age
limit: .18 years.
Prohibition ended for Stanford
students in 1933 as legalized 3.2 per
cent beer was sold in Menlo. Age
limit: .18 years.
