# Horsepolo Squad Loses Two Tilts
## 
### 
Dropping two contests over the
week-end. Stanford's horse poloists
stretched their losing streak to four
games. Friday they lost a nip-and
tuck affair to the Pogonip Club 8 to
7 and Sunday they were trounced
by a Riviera C. C. four 12 to 2 at
Los Angeles.
Completely out mounted, the In
dians never had a chance against
Riviera; their speedier horses en
abled the Southerners to break up
Card plays before they were started.
Stanford lost a chance to tie the
score in the ln§t minutes of the
Pogonip encounter when the ball
stuck in a hoofprint two yards in
front, of the Pogonip goal, causing
the Indians to miss the vital shot.
The Chateau of Tarascon, one of
France's finest examples of Gothic
architecture, has been converted
into a museum of Provencal art.
Dropping two contests over the
week-end. Stanford's horse poloists
stretched their losing streak to four
games. Friday they lost a nip-and
tuck affair to the Pogonip Club 8 to
7 and Sunday they were trounced
by a Riviera C. C. four 12 to 2 at
Los Angeles.
Completely out mounted, the In
dians never had a chance against
Riviera; their speedier horses en
abled the Southerners to break up
Card plays before they were started.
Stanford lost a chance to tie the
score in the ln§t minutes of the
Pogonip encounter when the ball
stuck in a hoofprint two yards in
front, of the Pogonip goal, causing
the Indians to miss the vital shot.
The Chateau of Tarascon, one of
France's finest examples of Gothic
architecture, has been converted
into a museum of Provencal art.
Dropping two contests over the
week-end. Stanford's horse poloists
stretched their losing streak to four
games. Friday they lost a nip-and
tuck affair to the Pogonip Club 8 to
7 and Sunday they were trounced
by a Riviera C. C. four 12 to 2 at
Los Angeles.
Completely out mounted, the In
dians never had a chance against
Riviera; their speedier horses en
abled the Southerners to break up
Card plays before they were started.
Stanford lost a chance to tie the
score in the ln§t minutes of the
Pogonip encounter when the ball
stuck in a hoofprint two yards in
front, of the Pogonip goal, causing
the Indians to miss the vital shot.
The Chateau of Tarascon, one of
France's finest examples of Gothic
architecture, has been converted
into a museum of Provencal art.
Dropping two contests over the
week-end. Stanford's horse poloists
stretched their losing streak to four
games. Friday they lost a nip-and
tuck affair to the Pogonip Club 8 to
7 and Sunday they were trounced
by a Riviera C. C. four 12 to 2 at
Los Angeles.
Completely out mounted, the In
dians never had a chance against
Riviera; their speedier horses en
abled the Southerners to break up
Card plays before they were started.
Stanford lost a chance to tie the
score in the ln§t minutes of the
Pogonip encounter when the ball
stuck in a hoofprint two yards in
front, of the Pogonip goal, causing
the Indians to miss the vital shot.
The Chateau of Tarascon, one of
France's finest examples of Gothic
architecture, has been converted
into a museum of Provencal art.
Dropping two contests over the
week-end. Stanford's horse poloists
stretched their losing streak to four
games. Friday they lost a nip-and
tuck affair to the Pogonip Club 8 to
7 and Sunday they were trounced
by a Riviera C. C. four 12 to 2 at
Los Angeles.
Completely out mounted, the In
dians never had a chance against
Riviera; their speedier horses en
abled the Southerners to break up
Card plays before they were started.
Stanford lost a chance to tie the
score in the ln§t minutes of the
Pogonip encounter when the ball
stuck in a hoofprint two yards in
front, of the Pogonip goal, causing
the Indians to miss the vital shot.
The Chateau of Tarascon, one of
France's finest examples of Gothic
architecture, has been converted
into a museum of Provencal art.
Dropping two contests over the
week-end. Stanford's horse poloists
stretched their losing streak to four
games. Friday they lost a nip-and
tuck affair to the Pogonip Club 8 to
7 and Sunday they were trounced
by a Riviera C. C. four 12 to 2 at
Los Angeles.
Completely out mounted, the In
dians never had a chance against
Riviera; their speedier horses en
abled the Southerners to break up
Card plays before they were started.
Stanford lost a chance to tie the
score in the ln§t minutes of the
Pogonip encounter when the ball
stuck in a hoofprint two yards in
front, of the Pogonip goal, causing
the Indians to miss the vital shot.
The Chateau of Tarascon, one of
France's finest examples of Gothic
architecture, has been converted
into a museum of Provencal art.
Dropping two contests over the
week-end. Stanford's horse poloists
stretched their losing streak to four
games. Friday they lost a nip-and
tuck affair to the Pogonip Club 8 to
7 and Sunday they were trounced
by a Riviera C. C. four 12 to 2 at
Los Angeles.
Completely out mounted, the In
dians never had a chance against
Riviera; their speedier horses en
abled the Southerners to break up
Card plays before they were started.
Stanford lost a chance to tie the
score in the ln§t minutes of the
Pogonip encounter when the ball
stuck in a hoofprint two yards in
front, of the Pogonip goal, causing
the Indians to miss the vital shot.
The Chateau of Tarascon, one of
France's finest examples of Gothic
architecture, has been converted
into a museum of Provencal art.
Dropping two contests over the
week-end. Stanford's horse poloists
stretched their losing streak to four
games. Friday they lost a nip-and
tuck affair to the Pogonip Club 8 to
7 and Sunday they were trounced
by a Riviera C. C. four 12 to 2 at
Los Angeles.
Completely out mounted, the In
dians never had a chance against
Riviera; their speedier horses en
abled the Southerners to break up
Card plays before they were started.
Stanford lost a chance to tie the
score in the ln§t minutes of the
Pogonip encounter when the ball
stuck in a hoofprint two yards in
front, of the Pogonip goal, causing
the Indians to miss the vital shot.
The Chateau of Tarascon, one of
France's finest examples of Gothic
architecture, has been converted
into a museum of Provencal art.
Dropping two contests over the
week-end. Stanford's horse poloists
stretched their losing streak to four
games. Friday they lost a nip-and
tuck affair to the Pogonip Club 8 to
7 and Sunday they were trounced
by a Riviera C. C. four 12 to 2 at
Los Angeles.
Completely out mounted, the In
dians never had a chance against
Riviera; their speedier horses en
abled the Southerners to break up
Card plays before they were started.
Stanford lost a chance to tie the
score in the ln§t minutes of the
Pogonip encounter when the ball
stuck in a hoofprint two yards in
front, of the Pogonip goal, causing
the Indians to miss the vital shot.
The Chateau of Tarascon, one of
France's finest examples of Gothic
architecture, has been converted
into a museum of Provencal art.
Dropping two contests over the
week-end. Stanford's horse poloists
stretched their losing streak to four
games. Friday they lost a nip-and
tuck affair to the Pogonip Club 8 to
7 and Sunday they were trounced
by a Riviera C. C. four 12 to 2 at
Los Angeles.
Completely out mounted, the In
dians never had a chance against
Riviera; their speedier horses en
abled the Southerners to break up
Card plays before they were started.
Stanford lost a chance to tie the
score in the ln§t minutes of the
Pogonip encounter when the ball
stuck in a hoofprint two yards in
front, of the Pogonip goal, causing
the Indians to miss the vital shot.
The Chateau of Tarascon, one of
France's finest examples of Gothic
architecture, has been converted
into a museum of Provencal art.
Dropping two contests over the
week-end. Stanford's horse poloists
stretched their losing streak to four
games. Friday they lost a nip-and
tuck affair to the Pogonip Club 8 to
7 and Sunday they were trounced
by a Riviera C. C. four 12 to 2 at
Los Angeles.
Completely out mounted, the In
dians never had a chance against
Riviera; their speedier horses en
abled the Southerners to break up
Card plays before they were started.
Stanford lost a chance to tie the
score in the ln§t minutes of the
Pogonip encounter when the ball
stuck in a hoofprint two yards in
front, of the Pogonip goal, causing
the Indians to miss the vital shot.
The Chateau of Tarascon, one of
France's finest examples of Gothic
architecture, has been converted
into a museum of Provencal art.
Dropping two contests over the
week-end. Stanford's horse poloists
stretched their losing streak to four
games. Friday they lost a nip-and
tuck affair to the Pogonip Club 8 to
7 and Sunday they were trounced
by a Riviera C. C. four 12 to 2 at
Los Angeles.
Completely out mounted, the In
dians never had a chance against
Riviera; their speedier horses en
abled the Southerners to break up
Card plays before they were started.
Stanford lost a chance to tie the
score in the ln§t minutes of the
Pogonip encounter when the ball
stuck in a hoofprint two yards in
front, of the Pogonip goal, causing
the Indians to miss the vital shot.
The Chateau of Tarascon, one of
France's finest examples of Gothic
architecture, has been converted
into a museum of Provencal art.
Dropping two contests over the
week-end. Stanford's horse poloists
stretched their losing streak to four
games. Friday they lost a nip-and
tuck affair to the Pogonip Club 8 to
7 and Sunday they were trounced
by a Riviera C. C. four 12 to 2 at
Los Angeles.
Completely out mounted, the In
dians never had a chance against
Riviera; their speedier horses en
abled the Southerners to break up
Card plays before they were started.
Stanford lost a chance to tie the
score in the ln§t minutes of the
Pogonip encounter when the ball
stuck in a hoofprint two yards in
front, of the Pogonip goal, causing
the Indians to miss the vital shot.
The Chateau of Tarascon, one of
France's finest examples of Gothic
architecture, has been converted
into a museum of Provencal art.
Dropping two contests over the
week-end. Stanford's horse poloists
stretched their losing streak to four
games. Friday they lost a nip-and
tuck affair to the Pogonip Club 8 to
7 and Sunday they were trounced
by a Riviera C. C. four 12 to 2 at
Los Angeles.
Completely out mounted, the In
dians never had a chance against
Riviera; their speedier horses en
abled the Southerners to break up
Card plays before they were started.
Stanford lost a chance to tie the
score in the ln§t minutes of the
Pogonip encounter when the ball
stuck in a hoofprint two yards in
front, of the Pogonip goal, causing
the Indians to miss the vital shot.
The Chateau of Tarascon, one of
France's finest examples of Gothic
architecture, has been converted
into a museum of Provencal art.
Dropping two contests over the
week-end. Stanford's horse poloists
stretched their losing streak to four
games. Friday they lost a nip-and
tuck affair to the Pogonip Club 8 to
7 and Sunday they were trounced
by a Riviera C. C. four 12 to 2 at
Los Angeles.
Completely out mounted, the In
dians never had a chance against
Riviera; their speedier horses en
abled the Southerners to break up
Card plays before they were started.
Stanford lost a chance to tie the
score in the ln§t minutes of the
Pogonip encounter when the ball
stuck in a hoofprint two yards in
front, of the Pogonip goal, causing
the Indians to miss the vital shot.
The Chateau of Tarascon, one of
France's finest examples of Gothic
architecture, has been converted
into a museum of Provencal art.
Dropping two contests over the
week-end. Stanford's horse poloists
stretched their losing streak to four
games. Friday they lost a nip-and
tuck affair to the Pogonip Club 8 to
7 and Sunday they were trounced
by a Riviera C. C. four 12 to 2 at
Los Angeles.
Completely out mounted, the In
dians never had a chance against
Riviera; their speedier horses en
abled the Southerners to break up
Card plays before they were started.
Stanford lost a chance to tie the
score in the ln§t minutes of the
Pogonip encounter when the ball
stuck in a hoofprint two yards in
front, of the Pogonip goal, causing
the Indians to miss the vital shot.
The Chateau of Tarascon, one of
France's finest examples of Gothic
architecture, has been converted
into a museum of Provencal art.
