# MINOR LEAGUES MEET
## 
### 
DURHAM, N.C., Nov. 13 (UP).—
Forty-four amendments to minor
league law will be submitted for
consideration at the annual minor
league baseball convention, opening
in Cincinnati Dec. 4, minor league
headquarters announced today.
DURHAM, N.C., Nov. 13 (UP).—
Forty-four amendments to minor
league law will be submitted for
consideration at the annual minor
league baseball convention, opening
in Cincinnati Dec. 4, minor league
headquarters announced today.
DURHAM, N.C., Nov. 13 (UP).—
Forty-four amendments to minor
league law will be submitted for
consideration at the annual minor
league baseball convention, opening
in Cincinnati Dec. 4, minor league
headquarters announced today.
DURHAM, N.C., Nov. 13 (UP).—
Forty-four amendments to minor
league law will be submitted for
consideration at the annual minor
league baseball convention, opening
in Cincinnati Dec. 4, minor league
headquarters announced today.
DURHAM, N.C., Nov. 13 (UP).—
Forty-four amendments to minor
league law will be submitted for
consideration at the annual minor
league baseball convention, opening
in Cincinnati Dec. 4, minor league
headquarters announced today.
DURHAM, N.C., Nov. 13 (UP).—
Forty-four amendments to minor
league law will be submitted for
consideration at the annual minor
league baseball convention, opening
in Cincinnati Dec. 4, minor league
headquarters announced today.
DURHAM, N.C., Nov. 13 (UP).—
Forty-four amendments to minor
league law will be submitted for
consideration at the annual minor
league baseball convention, opening
in Cincinnati Dec. 4, minor league
headquarters announced today.
DURHAM, N.C., Nov. 13 (UP).—
Forty-four amendments to minor
league law will be submitted for
consideration at the annual minor
league baseball convention, opening
in Cincinnati Dec. 4, minor league
headquarters announced today.
DURHAM, N.C., Nov. 13 (UP).—
Forty-four amendments to minor
league law will be submitted for
consideration at the annual minor
league baseball convention, opening
in Cincinnati Dec. 4, minor league
headquarters announced today.
DURHAM, N.C., Nov. 13 (UP).—
Forty-four amendments to minor
league law will be submitted for
consideration at the annual minor
league baseball convention, opening
in Cincinnati Dec. 4, minor league
headquarters announced today.
DURHAM, N.C., Nov. 13 (UP).—
Forty-four amendments to minor
league law will be submitted for
consideration at the annual minor
league baseball convention, opening
in Cincinnati Dec. 4, minor league
headquarters announced today.
DURHAM, N.C., Nov. 13 (UP).—
Forty-four amendments to minor
league law will be submitted for
consideration at the annual minor
league baseball convention, opening
in Cincinnati Dec. 4, minor league
headquarters announced today.
DURHAM, N.C., Nov. 13 (UP).—
Forty-four amendments to minor
league law will be submitted for
consideration at the annual minor
league baseball convention, opening
in Cincinnati Dec. 4, minor league
headquarters announced today.
DURHAM, N.C., Nov. 13 (UP).—
Forty-four amendments to minor
league law will be submitted for
consideration at the annual minor
league baseball convention, opening
in Cincinnati Dec. 4, minor league
headquarters announced today.
DURHAM, N.C., Nov. 13 (UP).—
Forty-four amendments to minor
league law will be submitted for
consideration at the annual minor
league baseball convention, opening
in Cincinnati Dec. 4, minor league
headquarters announced today.
DURHAM, N.C., Nov. 13 (UP).—
Forty-four amendments to minor
league law will be submitted for
consideration at the annual minor
league baseball convention, opening
in Cincinnati Dec. 4, minor league
headquarters announced today.
