# Libe Construction Proceeds on Time
## 
### 
With the installation of the first
reinforcing steel and wooden con
crete forms on the basement floor of
the Hoover War Library, construc
tion is proceeding on schedule, ac
cording to John Leavers, superin
tendent of the 35-man crew working
on the building.
Already towering high over the
Campus, the edifice will have six
more stories of structural steel and
a dome added to the present height.
All steel work will probably be com
pleted by the end of autumn quar
ter, reported the construction head,
who has 16 men working on steel
erection.
Marble columns which will flank
the entrance have already been
dropped over their steel supports.
Concrete pouring for the basement
and first-floor walls will probably
begin in about two weeks.
'SACRAMENTO, Nov. 13 (UP). â€”
Gov. Culbert Olson's office tonight
granted a 90-day reprieve to Everett
Gilbert Parman. Roseville. slayer,
scheduled to be executed Friday in
the San Quentin prison gas chamber.
