# British Shells Sink Two German Ships
## 
### 
LONDON, Nov. 13 (UP). — An
nouncement tonight that British
warships have sunk two German
merchant ships by shelling, after
rescuing their crews, revealed the
Nazi merchant fleet is venturing
back out on the seas after running
to shelter in neutral and German
ports at the outbreak of the war.
At the same time the Admiralty
announced (he loss of the 1,346-ton
British merchant ship Ponzano,
which went' down between England
and Spain "following an explosion."
LONDON, Nov. 13 (UP). — An
nouncement tonight that British
warships have sunk two German
merchant ships by shelling, after
rescuing their crews, revealed the
Nazi merchant fleet is venturing
back out on the seas after running
to shelter in neutral and German
ports at the outbreak of the war.
At the same time the Admiralty
announced (he loss of the 1,346-ton
British merchant ship Ponzano,
which went' down between England
and Spain "following an explosion."
LONDON, Nov. 13 (UP). — An
nouncement tonight that British
warships have sunk two German
merchant ships by shelling, after
rescuing their crews, revealed the
Nazi merchant fleet is venturing
back out on the seas after running
to shelter in neutral and German
ports at the outbreak of the war.
At the same time the Admiralty
announced (he loss of the 1,346-ton
British merchant ship Ponzano,
which went' down between England
and Spain "following an explosion."
LONDON, Nov. 13 (UP). — An
nouncement tonight that British
warships have sunk two German
merchant ships by shelling, after
rescuing their crews, revealed the
Nazi merchant fleet is venturing
back out on the seas after running
to shelter in neutral and German
ports at the outbreak of the war.
At the same time the Admiralty
announced (he loss of the 1,346-ton
British merchant ship Ponzano,
which went' down between England
and Spain "following an explosion."
LONDON, Nov. 13 (UP). — An
nouncement tonight that British
warships have sunk two German
merchant ships by shelling, after
rescuing their crews, revealed the
Nazi merchant fleet is venturing
back out on the seas after running
to shelter in neutral and German
ports at the outbreak of the war.
At the same time the Admiralty
announced (he loss of the 1,346-ton
British merchant ship Ponzano,
which went' down between England
and Spain "following an explosion."
LONDON, Nov. 13 (UP). — An
nouncement tonight that British
warships have sunk two German
merchant ships by shelling, after
rescuing their crews, revealed the
Nazi merchant fleet is venturing
back out on the seas after running
to shelter in neutral and German
ports at the outbreak of the war.
At the same time the Admiralty
announced (he loss of the 1,346-ton
British merchant ship Ponzano,
which went' down between England
and Spain "following an explosion."
LONDON, Nov. 13 (UP). — An
nouncement tonight that British
warships have sunk two German
merchant ships by shelling, after
rescuing their crews, revealed the
Nazi merchant fleet is venturing
back out on the seas after running
to shelter in neutral and German
ports at the outbreak of the war.
At the same time the Admiralty
announced (he loss of the 1,346-ton
British merchant ship Ponzano,
which went' down between England
and Spain "following an explosion."
LONDON, Nov. 13 (UP). — An
nouncement tonight that British
warships have sunk two German
merchant ships by shelling, after
rescuing their crews, revealed the
Nazi merchant fleet is venturing
back out on the seas after running
to shelter in neutral and German
ports at the outbreak of the war.
At the same time the Admiralty
announced (he loss of the 1,346-ton
British merchant ship Ponzano,
which went' down between England
and Spain "following an explosion."
LONDON, Nov. 13 (UP). — An
nouncement tonight that British
warships have sunk two German
merchant ships by shelling, after
rescuing their crews, revealed the
Nazi merchant fleet is venturing
back out on the seas after running
to shelter in neutral and German
ports at the outbreak of the war.
At the same time the Admiralty
announced (he loss of the 1,346-ton
British merchant ship Ponzano,
which went' down between England
and Spain "following an explosion."
LONDON, Nov. 13 (UP). — An
nouncement tonight that British
warships have sunk two German
merchant ships by shelling, after
rescuing their crews, revealed the
Nazi merchant fleet is venturing
back out on the seas after running
to shelter in neutral and German
ports at the outbreak of the war.
At the same time the Admiralty
announced (he loss of the 1,346-ton
British merchant ship Ponzano,
which went' down between England
and Spain "following an explosion."
LONDON, Nov. 13 (UP). — An
nouncement tonight that British
warships have sunk two German
merchant ships by shelling, after
rescuing their crews, revealed the
Nazi merchant fleet is venturing
back out on the seas after running
to shelter in neutral and German
ports at the outbreak of the war.
At the same time the Admiralty
announced (he loss of the 1,346-ton
British merchant ship Ponzano,
which went' down between England
and Spain "following an explosion."
LONDON, Nov. 13 (UP). — An
nouncement tonight that British
warships have sunk two German
merchant ships by shelling, after
rescuing their crews, revealed the
Nazi merchant fleet is venturing
back out on the seas after running
to shelter in neutral and German
ports at the outbreak of the war.
At the same time the Admiralty
announced (he loss of the 1,346-ton
British merchant ship Ponzano,
which went' down between England
and Spain "following an explosion."
LONDON, Nov. 13 (UP). — An
nouncement tonight that British
warships have sunk two German
merchant ships by shelling, after
rescuing their crews, revealed the
Nazi merchant fleet is venturing
back out on the seas after running
to shelter in neutral and German
ports at the outbreak of the war.
At the same time the Admiralty
announced (he loss of the 1,346-ton
British merchant ship Ponzano,
which went' down between England
and Spain "following an explosion."
LONDON, Nov. 13 (UP). — An
nouncement tonight that British
warships have sunk two German
merchant ships by shelling, after
rescuing their crews, revealed the
Nazi merchant fleet is venturing
back out on the seas after running
to shelter in neutral and German
ports at the outbreak of the war.
At the same time the Admiralty
announced (he loss of the 1,346-ton
British merchant ship Ponzano,
which went' down between England
and Spain "following an explosion."
LONDON, Nov. 13 (UP). — An
nouncement tonight that British
warships have sunk two German
merchant ships by shelling, after
rescuing their crews, revealed the
Nazi merchant fleet is venturing
back out on the seas after running
to shelter in neutral and German
ports at the outbreak of the war.
At the same time the Admiralty
announced (he loss of the 1,346-ton
British merchant ship Ponzano,
which went' down between England
and Spain "following an explosion."
LONDON, Nov. 13 (UP). — An
nouncement tonight that British
warships have sunk two German
merchant ships by shelling, after
rescuing their crews, revealed the
Nazi merchant fleet is venturing
back out on the seas after running
to shelter in neutral and German
ports at the outbreak of the war.
At the same time the Admiralty
announced (he loss of the 1,346-ton
British merchant ship Ponzano,
which went' down between England
and Spain "following an explosion."
