# Mendicant Tryouts
## 
### 
The Mendicants, an all male
singing group, are holding try
outs each day this week from ">
to (» p.m. in Bowman Alumni
House, announced Business
Manager Jay Obenlorf yester
day.
Tryouts will be for all parts,
said Obenlorf.
The Mendicants, an all male
singing group, are holding try
outs each day this week from ">
to (» p.m. in Bowman Alumni
House, announced Business
Manager Jay Obenlorf yester
day.
Tryouts will be for all parts,
said Obenlorf.
The Mendicants, an all male
singing group, are holding try
outs each day this week from ">
to (» p.m. in Bowman Alumni
House, announced Business
Manager Jay Obenlorf yester
day.
Tryouts will be for all parts,
said Obenlorf.
The Mendicants, an all male
singing group, are holding try
outs each day this week from ">
to (» p.m. in Bowman Alumni
House, announced Business
Manager Jay Obenlorf yester
day.
Tryouts will be for all parts,
said Obenlorf.
The Mendicants, an all male
singing group, are holding try
outs each day this week from ">
to (» p.m. in Bowman Alumni
House, announced Business
Manager Jay Obenlorf yester
day.
Tryouts will be for all parts,
said Obenlorf.
The Mendicants, an all male
singing group, are holding try
outs each day this week from ">
to (» p.m. in Bowman Alumni
House, announced Business
Manager Jay Obenlorf yester
day.
Tryouts will be for all parts,
said Obenlorf.
The Mendicants, an all male
singing group, are holding try
outs each day this week from ">
to (» p.m. in Bowman Alumni
House, announced Business
Manager Jay Obenlorf yester
day.
Tryouts will be for all parts,
said Obenlorf.
The Mendicants, an all male
singing group, are holding try
outs each day this week from ">
to (» p.m. in Bowman Alumni
House, announced Business
Manager Jay Obenlorf yester
day.
Tryouts will be for all parts,
said Obenlorf.
The Mendicants, an all male
singing group, are holding try
outs each day this week from ">
to (» p.m. in Bowman Alumni
House, announced Business
Manager Jay Obenlorf yester
day.
Tryouts will be for all parts,
said Obenlorf.
The Mendicants, an all male
singing group, are holding try
outs each day this week from ">
to (» p.m. in Bowman Alumni
House, announced Business
Manager Jay Obenlorf yester
day.
Tryouts will be for all parts,
said Obenlorf.
The Mendicants, an all male
singing group, are holding try
outs each day this week from ">
to (» p.m. in Bowman Alumni
House, announced Business
Manager Jay Obenlorf yester
day.
Tryouts will be for all parts,
said Obenlorf.
The Mendicants, an all male
singing group, are holding try
outs each day this week from ">
to (» p.m. in Bowman Alumni
House, announced Business
Manager Jay Obenlorf yester
day.
Tryouts will be for all parts,
said Obenlorf.
The Mendicants, an all male
singing group, are holding try
outs each day this week from ">
to (» p.m. in Bowman Alumni
House, announced Business
Manager Jay Obenlorf yester
day.
Tryouts will be for all parts,
said Obenlorf.
The Mendicants, an all male
singing group, are holding try
outs each day this week from ">
to (» p.m. in Bowman Alumni
House, announced Business
Manager Jay Obenlorf yester
day.
Tryouts will be for all parts,
said Obenlorf.
The Mendicants, an all male
singing group, are holding try
outs each day this week from ">
to (» p.m. in Bowman Alumni
House, announced Business
Manager Jay Obenlorf yester
day.
Tryouts will be for all parts,
said Obenlorf.
