# Adv. 10 Page 3
## 
### 
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you hav* it
serviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
It
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you hav* it
serviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
It
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you hav* it
serviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
It
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you hav* it
serviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
It
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you hav* it
serviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
It
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you hav* it
serviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
It
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you hav* it
serviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
It
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you hav* it
serviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
It
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you hav* it
serviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
It
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you hav* it
serviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
It
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you hav* it
serviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
It
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you hav* it
serviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
It
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you hav* it
serviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
It
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you hav* it
serviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
It
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
