# Aquacade Set For Tonight
## 
### 
Ballet, precision, and aquatic tal
ent will combine tonight in the
Swim Club's annual aquacade en
titled "Bit o' Seasoning." The per
formance will bo given tonight and
tomorrow night at 8:30 in the Wom
en's Gym.
"Bit o' Seasoning" will show a
swimmer's interpretation of the
passing of a year 'through its four
seasons.
Fifty Stanford coeds will partici
pate in the show. Doing a solo en
titled "Jack Frost" will be Sally
Phillips', a member of the four-girl
team which holds the national
championship for synchronized
swimming.
Also swimming in duets, trios, and
quartets will be Sue Brady, Kati
Seaver, Margaret Stanley, Dion
Zaches, Nancy Smalley, Jane Dooge,
Maureen Donavan, Pat Ralph, Sarah
Ballard, Janet Hill, Jean Gjerde,
Sheila Blumenthal, Beth Moriarty,
and Judy Wharton.
Tickets are free, but must be ob
tained before the performance from
the ASSU office or from a Swim
Club member.
