# UNION UNITS OFFICERS
## 
### 
Union Units elected officers for
next fall as follows: Jane Thompson,
president; Connie Schulz, vice-pres
ident; Karlin Hansen, treasurer; and
Sarah Freeman, chairman of the
Committee of Seven.
Union Units elected officers for
next fall as follows: Jane Thompson,
president; Connie Schulz, vice-pres
ident; Karlin Hansen, treasurer; and
Sarah Freeman, chairman of the
Committee of Seven.
Union Units elected officers for
next fall as follows: Jane Thompson,
president; Connie Schulz, vice-pres
ident; Karlin Hansen, treasurer; and
Sarah Freeman, chairman of the
Committee of Seven.
Union Units elected officers for
next fall as follows: Jane Thompson,
president; Connie Schulz, vice-pres
ident; Karlin Hansen, treasurer; and
Sarah Freeman, chairman of the
Committee of Seven.
Union Units elected officers for
next fall as follows: Jane Thompson,
president; Connie Schulz, vice-pres
ident; Karlin Hansen, treasurer; and
Sarah Freeman, chairman of the
Committee of Seven.
Union Units elected officers for
next fall as follows: Jane Thompson,
president; Connie Schulz, vice-pres
ident; Karlin Hansen, treasurer; and
Sarah Freeman, chairman of the
Committee of Seven.
Union Units elected officers for
next fall as follows: Jane Thompson,
president; Connie Schulz, vice-pres
ident; Karlin Hansen, treasurer; and
Sarah Freeman, chairman of the
Committee of Seven.
Union Units elected officers for
next fall as follows: Jane Thompson,
president; Connie Schulz, vice-pres
ident; Karlin Hansen, treasurer; and
Sarah Freeman, chairman of the
Committee of Seven.
Union Units elected officers for
next fall as follows: Jane Thompson,
president; Connie Schulz, vice-pres
ident; Karlin Hansen, treasurer; and
Sarah Freeman, chairman of the
Committee of Seven.
Union Units elected officers for
next fall as follows: Jane Thompson,
president; Connie Schulz, vice-pres
ident; Karlin Hansen, treasurer; and
Sarah Freeman, chairman of the
Committee of Seven.
Union Units elected officers for
next fall as follows: Jane Thompson,
president; Connie Schulz, vice-pres
ident; Karlin Hansen, treasurer; and
Sarah Freeman, chairman of the
Committee of Seven.
Union Units elected officers for
next fall as follows: Jane Thompson,
president; Connie Schulz, vice-pres
ident; Karlin Hansen, treasurer; and
Sarah Freeman, chairman of the
Committee of Seven.
Union Units elected officers for
next fall as follows: Jane Thompson,
president; Connie Schulz, vice-pres
ident; Karlin Hansen, treasurer; and
Sarah Freeman, chairman of the
Committee of Seven.
Union Units elected officers for
next fall as follows: Jane Thompson,
president; Connie Schulz, vice-pres
ident; Karlin Hansen, treasurer; and
Sarah Freeman, chairman of the
Committee of Seven.
