# Casadesus To Perform For Farm
## Fumed French Pianist To Play Monday Night For Concert Series 
### 
Robert Casadesus, distinguished
French pianist who has now made
AmeVica his permanent home, will
appear next Monday night in Me
morial Theater as the second artist
of the A.S.S.U. Concert Series.
Previous to the Nazi occupation of
France, M. Casadesus had made six
concert trips to this continent, and
since moving here has re-established
in this country the famous Fontain
bleau School of Music. He had been
head of the piano division of the
school. His wife, Gaby l'Hote, also
is famed for her piano artistry.
During one of his tours he played
with the San Francisco Symphony
Orchestra, and was received so fa
vorably that the audience demanded
an encore, something unusual for a
soloist appearing with a symphony
orchestia.
Casadesus was born in Paris of a
family of international musical rep
utation. As one writer says, "In Eu
rope the name Casadesus is to music
what J. P. Morgan is to money." As
a pupil at the Conservatory, Casa
desus won the coveted Diemer Prize
and has been hailed by European
and American critics as one of the
greatest pianists of the age.
His appearance on the Farm is the
result of student requests for more
instrumental artists on the Series.
His hobby is composing, and his
works include chamber music as
well as larger compositions for piano
and symphony orchestra. Many have
been played with considerable suc
cess in France and other countries.
Tickets for this concert as well as
for the rest of the season are avail
able in the Concert Series Office in
the Old Union.
Robert Casadesus, distinguished
French pianist who has now made
AmeVica his permanent home, will
appear next Monday night in Me
morial Theater as the second artist
of the A.S.S.U. Concert Series.
Previous to the Nazi occupation of
France, M. Casadesus had made six
concert trips to this continent, and
since moving here has re-established
in this country the famous Fontain
bleau School of Music. He had been
head of the piano division of the
school. His wife, Gaby l'Hote, also
is famed for her piano artistry.
During one of his tours he played
with the San Francisco Symphony
Orchestra, and was received so fa
vorably that the audience demanded
an encore, something unusual for a
soloist appearing with a symphony
orchestia.
Casadesus was born in Paris of a
family of international musical rep
utation. As one writer says, "In Eu
rope the name Casadesus is to music
what J. P. Morgan is to money." As
a pupil at the Conservatory, Casa
desus won the coveted Diemer Prize
and has been hailed by European
and American critics as one of the
greatest pianists of the age.
His appearance on the Farm is the
result of student requests for more
instrumental artists on the Series.
His hobby is composing, and his
works include chamber music as
well as larger compositions for piano
and symphony orchestra. Many have
been played with considerable suc
cess in France and other countries.
Tickets for this concert as well as
for the rest of the season are avail
able in the Concert Series Office in
the Old Union.
Robert Casadesus, distinguished
French pianist who has now made
AmeVica his permanent home, will
appear next Monday night in Me
morial Theater as the second artist
of the A.S.S.U. Concert Series.
Previous to the Nazi occupation of
France, M. Casadesus had made six
concert trips to this continent, and
since moving here has re-established
in this country the famous Fontain
bleau School of Music. He had been
head of the piano division of the
school. His wife, Gaby l'Hote, also
is famed for her piano artistry.
During one of his tours he played
with the San Francisco Symphony
Orchestra, and was received so fa
vorably that the audience demanded
an encore, something unusual for a
soloist appearing with a symphony
orchestia.
Casadesus was born in Paris of a
family of international musical rep
utation. As one writer says, "In Eu
rope the name Casadesus is to music
what J. P. Morgan is to money." As
a pupil at the Conservatory, Casa
desus won the coveted Diemer Prize
and has been hailed by European
and American critics as one of the
greatest pianists of the age.
His appearance on the Farm is the
result of student requests for more
instrumental artists on the Series.
His hobby is composing, and his
works include chamber music as
well as larger compositions for piano
and symphony orchestra. Many have
been played with considerable suc
cess in France and other countries.
Tickets for this concert as well as
for the rest of the season are avail
able in the Concert Series Office in
the Old Union.
Robert Casadesus, distinguished
French pianist who has now made
AmeVica his permanent home, will
appear next Monday night in Me
morial Theater as the second artist
of the A.S.S.U. Concert Series.
Previous to the Nazi occupation of
France, M. Casadesus had made six
concert trips to this continent, and
since moving here has re-established
in this country the famous Fontain
bleau School of Music. He had been
head of the piano division of the
school. His wife, Gaby l'Hote, also
is famed for her piano artistry.
During one of his tours he played
with the San Francisco Symphony
Orchestra, and was received so fa
vorably that the audience demanded
an encore, something unusual for a
soloist appearing with a symphony
orchestia.
Casadesus was born in Paris of a
family of international musical rep
utation. As one writer says, "In Eu
rope the name Casadesus is to music
what J. P. Morgan is to money." As
a pupil at the Conservatory, Casa
desus won the coveted Diemer Prize
and has been hailed by European
and American critics as one of the
greatest pianists of the age.
His appearance on the Farm is the
result of student requests for more
instrumental artists on the Series.
His hobby is composing, and his
works include chamber music as
well as larger compositions for piano
and symphony orchestra. Many have
been played with considerable suc
cess in France and other countries.
Tickets for this concert as well as
for the rest of the season are avail
able in the Concert Series Office in
the Old Union.
Robert Casadesus, distinguished
French pianist who has now made
AmeVica his permanent home, will
appear next Monday night in Me
morial Theater as the second artist
of the A.S.S.U. Concert Series.
Previous to the Nazi occupation of
France, M. Casadesus had made six
concert trips to this continent, and
since moving here has re-established
in this country the famous Fontain
bleau School of Music. He had been
head of the piano division of the
school. His wife, Gaby l'Hote, also
is famed for her piano artistry.
During one of his tours he played
with the San Francisco Symphony
Orchestra, and was received so fa
vorably that the audience demanded
an encore, something unusual for a
soloist appearing with a symphony
orchestia.
Casadesus was born in Paris of a
family of international musical rep
utation. As one writer says, "In Eu
rope the name Casadesus is to music
what J. P. Morgan is to money." As
a pupil at the Conservatory, Casa
desus won the coveted Diemer Prize
and has been hailed by European
and American critics as one of the
greatest pianists of the age.
His appearance on the Farm is the
result of student requests for more
instrumental artists on the Series.
His hobby is composing, and his
works include chamber music as
well as larger compositions for piano
and symphony orchestra. Many have
been played with considerable suc
cess in France and other countries.
Tickets for this concert as well as
for the rest of the season are avail
able in the Concert Series Office in
the Old Union.
Robert Casadesus, distinguished
French pianist who has now made
AmeVica his permanent home, will
appear next Monday night in Me
morial Theater as the second artist
of the A.S.S.U. Concert Series.
Previous to the Nazi occupation of
France, M. Casadesus had made six
concert trips to this continent, and
since moving here has re-established
in this country the famous Fontain
bleau School of Music. He had been
head of the piano division of the
school. His wife, Gaby l'Hote, also
is famed for her piano artistry.
During one of his tours he played
with the San Francisco Symphony
Orchestra, and was received so fa
vorably that the audience demanded
an encore, something unusual for a
soloist appearing with a symphony
orchestia.
Casadesus was born in Paris of a
family of international musical rep
utation. As one writer says, "In Eu
rope the name Casadesus is to music
what J. P. Morgan is to money." As
a pupil at the Conservatory, Casa
desus won the coveted Diemer Prize
and has been hailed by European
and American critics as one of the
greatest pianists of the age.
His appearance on the Farm is the
result of student requests for more
instrumental artists on the Series.
His hobby is composing, and his
works include chamber music as
well as larger compositions for piano
and symphony orchestra. Many have
been played with considerable suc
cess in France and other countries.
Tickets for this concert as well as
for the rest of the season are avail
able in the Concert Series Office in
the Old Union.
Robert Casadesus, distinguished
French pianist who has now made
AmeVica his permanent home, will
appear next Monday night in Me
morial Theater as the second artist
of the A.S.S.U. Concert Series.
Previous to the Nazi occupation of
France, M. Casadesus had made six
concert trips to this continent, and
since moving here has re-established
in this country the famous Fontain
bleau School of Music. He had been
head of the piano division of the
school. His wife, Gaby l'Hote, also
is famed for her piano artistry.
During one of his tours he played
with the San Francisco Symphony
Orchestra, and was received so fa
vorably that the audience demanded
an encore, something unusual for a
soloist appearing with a symphony
orchestia.
Casadesus was born in Paris of a
family of international musical rep
utation. As one writer says, "In Eu
rope the name Casadesus is to music
what J. P. Morgan is to money." As
a pupil at the Conservatory, Casa
desus won the coveted Diemer Prize
and has been hailed by European
and American critics as one of the
greatest pianists of the age.
His appearance on the Farm is the
result of student requests for more
instrumental artists on the Series.
His hobby is composing, and his
works include chamber music as
well as larger compositions for piano
and symphony orchestra. Many have
been played with considerable suc
cess in France and other countries.
Tickets for this concert as well as
for the rest of the season are avail
able in the Concert Series Office in
the Old Union.
Robert Casadesus, distinguished
French pianist who has now made
AmeVica his permanent home, will
appear next Monday night in Me
morial Theater as the second artist
of the A.S.S.U. Concert Series.
Previous to the Nazi occupation of
France, M. Casadesus had made six
concert trips to this continent, and
since moving here has re-established
in this country the famous Fontain
bleau School of Music. He had been
head of the piano division of the
school. His wife, Gaby l'Hote, also
is famed for her piano artistry.
During one of his tours he played
with the San Francisco Symphony
Orchestra, and was received so fa
vorably that the audience demanded
an encore, something unusual for a
soloist appearing with a symphony
orchestia.
Casadesus was born in Paris of a
family of international musical rep
utation. As one writer says, "In Eu
rope the name Casadesus is to music
what J. P. Morgan is to money." As
a pupil at the Conservatory, Casa
desus won the coveted Diemer Prize
and has been hailed by European
and American critics as one of the
greatest pianists of the age.
His appearance on the Farm is the
result of student requests for more
instrumental artists on the Series.
His hobby is composing, and his
works include chamber music as
well as larger compositions for piano
and symphony orchestra. Many have
been played with considerable suc
cess in France and other countries.
Tickets for this concert as well as
for the rest of the season are avail
able in the Concert Series Office in
the Old Union.
Robert Casadesus, distinguished
French pianist who has now made
AmeVica his permanent home, will
appear next Monday night in Me
morial Theater as the second artist
of the A.S.S.U. Concert Series.
Previous to the Nazi occupation of
France, M. Casadesus had made six
concert trips to this continent, and
since moving here has re-established
in this country the famous Fontain
bleau School of Music. He had been
head of the piano division of the
school. His wife, Gaby l'Hote, also
is famed for her piano artistry.
During one of his tours he played
with the San Francisco Symphony
Orchestra, and was received so fa
vorably that the audience demanded
an encore, something unusual for a
soloist appearing with a symphony
orchestia.
Casadesus was born in Paris of a
family of international musical rep
utation. As one writer says, "In Eu
rope the name Casadesus is to music
what J. P. Morgan is to money." As
a pupil at the Conservatory, Casa
desus won the coveted Diemer Prize
and has been hailed by European
and American critics as one of the
greatest pianists of the age.
His appearance on the Farm is the
result of student requests for more
instrumental artists on the Series.
His hobby is composing, and his
works include chamber music as
well as larger compositions for piano
and symphony orchestra. Many have
been played with considerable suc
cess in France and other countries.
Tickets for this concert as well as
for the rest of the season are avail
able in the Concert Series Office in
the Old Union.
Robert Casadesus, distinguished
French pianist who has now made
AmeVica his permanent home, will
appear next Monday night in Me
morial Theater as the second artist
of the A.S.S.U. Concert Series.
Previous to the Nazi occupation of
France, M. Casadesus had made six
concert trips to this continent, and
since moving here has re-established
in this country the famous Fontain
bleau School of Music. He had been
head of the piano division of the
school. His wife, Gaby l'Hote, also
is famed for her piano artistry.
During one of his tours he played
with the San Francisco Symphony
Orchestra, and was received so fa
vorably that the audience demanded
an encore, something unusual for a
soloist appearing with a symphony
orchestia.
Casadesus was born in Paris of a
family of international musical rep
utation. As one writer says, "In Eu
rope the name Casadesus is to music
what J. P. Morgan is to money." As
a pupil at the Conservatory, Casa
desus won the coveted Diemer Prize
and has been hailed by European
and American critics as one of the
greatest pianists of the age.
His appearance on the Farm is the
result of student requests for more
instrumental artists on the Series.
His hobby is composing, and his
works include chamber music as
well as larger compositions for piano
and symphony orchestra. Many have
been played with considerable suc
cess in France and other countries.
Tickets for this concert as well as
for the rest of the season are avail
able in the Concert Series Office in
the Old Union.
Robert Casadesus, distinguished
French pianist who has now made
AmeVica his permanent home, will
appear next Monday night in Me
morial Theater as the second artist
of the A.S.S.U. Concert Series.
Previous to the Nazi occupation of
France, M. Casadesus had made six
concert trips to this continent, and
since moving here has re-established
in this country the famous Fontain
bleau School of Music. He had been
head of the piano division of the
school. His wife, Gaby l'Hote, also
is famed for her piano artistry.
During one of his tours he played
with the San Francisco Symphony
Orchestra, and was received so fa
vorably that the audience demanded
an encore, something unusual for a
soloist appearing with a symphony
orchestia.
Casadesus was born in Paris of a
family of international musical rep
utation. As one writer says, "In Eu
rope the name Casadesus is to music
what J. P. Morgan is to money." As
a pupil at the Conservatory, Casa
desus won the coveted Diemer Prize
and has been hailed by European
and American critics as one of the
greatest pianists of the age.
His appearance on the Farm is the
result of student requests for more
instrumental artists on the Series.
His hobby is composing, and his
works include chamber music as
well as larger compositions for piano
and symphony orchestra. Many have
been played with considerable suc
cess in France and other countries.
Tickets for this concert as well as
for the rest of the season are avail
able in the Concert Series Office in
the Old Union.
Robert Casadesus, distinguished
French pianist who has now made
AmeVica his permanent home, will
appear next Monday night in Me
morial Theater as the second artist
of the A.S.S.U. Concert Series.
Previous to the Nazi occupation of
France, M. Casadesus had made six
concert trips to this continent, and
since moving here has re-established
in this country the famous Fontain
bleau School of Music. He had been
head of the piano division of the
school. His wife, Gaby l'Hote, also
is famed for her piano artistry.
During one of his tours he played
with the San Francisco Symphony
Orchestra, and was received so fa
vorably that the audience demanded
an encore, something unusual for a
soloist appearing with a symphony
orchestia.
Casadesus was born in Paris of a
family of international musical rep
utation. As one writer says, "In Eu
rope the name Casadesus is to music
what J. P. Morgan is to money." As
a pupil at the Conservatory, Casa
desus won the coveted Diemer Prize
and has been hailed by European
and American critics as one of the
greatest pianists of the age.
His appearance on the Farm is the
result of student requests for more
instrumental artists on the Series.
His hobby is composing, and his
works include chamber music as
well as larger compositions for piano
and symphony orchestra. Many have
been played with considerable suc
cess in France and other countries.
Tickets for this concert as well as
for the rest of the season are avail
able in the Concert Series Office in
the Old Union.
Robert Casadesus, distinguished
French pianist who has now made
AmeVica his permanent home, will
appear next Monday night in Me
morial Theater as the second artist
of the A.S.S.U. Concert Series.
Previous to the Nazi occupation of
France, M. Casadesus had made six
concert trips to this continent, and
since moving here has re-established
in this country the famous Fontain
bleau School of Music. He had been
head of the piano division of the
school. His wife, Gaby l'Hote, also
is famed for her piano artistry.
During one of his tours he played
with the San Francisco Symphony
Orchestra, and was received so fa
vorably that the audience demanded
an encore, something unusual for a
soloist appearing with a symphony
orchestia.
Casadesus was born in Paris of a
family of international musical rep
utation. As one writer says, "In Eu
rope the name Casadesus is to music
what J. P. Morgan is to money." As
a pupil at the Conservatory, Casa
desus won the coveted Diemer Prize
and has been hailed by European
and American critics as one of the
greatest pianists of the age.
His appearance on the Farm is the
result of student requests for more
instrumental artists on the Series.
His hobby is composing, and his
works include chamber music as
well as larger compositions for piano
and symphony orchestra. Many have
been played with considerable suc
cess in France and other countries.
Tickets for this concert as well as
for the rest of the season are avail
able in the Concert Series Office in
the Old Union.
Robert Casadesus, distinguished
French pianist who has now made
AmeVica his permanent home, will
appear next Monday night in Me
morial Theater as the second artist
of the A.S.S.U. Concert Series.
Previous to the Nazi occupation of
France, M. Casadesus had made six
concert trips to this continent, and
since moving here has re-established
in this country the famous Fontain
bleau School of Music. He had been
head of the piano division of the
school. His wife, Gaby l'Hote, also
is famed for her piano artistry.
During one of his tours he played
with the San Francisco Symphony
Orchestra, and was received so fa
vorably that the audience demanded
an encore, something unusual for a
soloist appearing with a symphony
orchestia.
Casadesus was born in Paris of a
family of international musical rep
utation. As one writer says, "In Eu
rope the name Casadesus is to music
what J. P. Morgan is to money." As
a pupil at the Conservatory, Casa
desus won the coveted Diemer Prize
and has been hailed by European
and American critics as one of the
greatest pianists of the age.
His appearance on the Farm is the
result of student requests for more
instrumental artists on the Series.
His hobby is composing, and his
works include chamber music as
well as larger compositions for piano
and symphony orchestra. Many have
been played with considerable suc
cess in France and other countries.
Tickets for this concert as well as
for the rest of the season are avail
able in the Concert Series Office in
the Old Union.
Robert Casadesus, distinguished
French pianist who has now made
AmeVica his permanent home, will
appear next Monday night in Me
morial Theater as the second artist
of the A.S.S.U. Concert Series.
Previous to the Nazi occupation of
France, M. Casadesus had made six
concert trips to this continent, and
since moving here has re-established
in this country the famous Fontain
bleau School of Music. He had been
head of the piano division of the
school. His wife, Gaby l'Hote, also
is famed for her piano artistry.
During one of his tours he played
with the San Francisco Symphony
Orchestra, and was received so fa
vorably that the audience demanded
an encore, something unusual for a
soloist appearing with a symphony
orchestia.
Casadesus was born in Paris of a
family of international musical rep
utation. As one writer says, "In Eu
rope the name Casadesus is to music
what J. P. Morgan is to money." As
a pupil at the Conservatory, Casa
desus won the coveted Diemer Prize
and has been hailed by European
and American critics as one of the
greatest pianists of the age.
His appearance on the Farm is the
result of student requests for more
instrumental artists on the Series.
His hobby is composing, and his
works include chamber music as
well as larger compositions for piano
and symphony orchestra. Many have
been played with considerable suc
cess in France and other countries.
Tickets for this concert as well as
for the rest of the season are avail
able in the Concert Series Office in
the Old Union.
Robert Casadesus, distinguished
French pianist who has now made
AmeVica his permanent home, will
appear next Monday night in Me
morial Theater as the second artist
of the A.S.S.U. Concert Series.
Previous to the Nazi occupation of
France, M. Casadesus had made six
concert trips to this continent, and
since moving here has re-established
in this country the famous Fontain
bleau School of Music. He had been
head of the piano division of the
school. His wife, Gaby l'Hote, also
is famed for her piano artistry.
During one of his tours he played
with the San Francisco Symphony
Orchestra, and was received so fa
vorably that the audience demanded
an encore, something unusual for a
soloist appearing with a symphony
orchestia.
Casadesus was born in Paris of a
family of international musical rep
utation. As one writer says, "In Eu
rope the name Casadesus is to music
what J. P. Morgan is to money." As
a pupil at the Conservatory, Casa
desus won the coveted Diemer Prize
and has been hailed by European
and American critics as one of the
greatest pianists of the age.
His appearance on the Farm is the
result of student requests for more
instrumental artists on the Series.
His hobby is composing, and his
works include chamber music as
well as larger compositions for piano
and symphony orchestra. Many have
been played with considerable suc
cess in France and other countries.
Tickets for this concert as well as
for the rest of the season are avail
able in the Concert Series Office in
the Old Union.
Robert Casadesus, distinguished
French pianist who has now made
AmeVica his permanent home, will
appear next Monday night in Me
morial Theater as the second artist
of the A.S.S.U. Concert Series.
Previous to the Nazi occupation of
France, M. Casadesus had made six
concert trips to this continent, and
since moving here has re-established
in this country the famous Fontain
bleau School of Music. He had been
head of the piano division of the
school. His wife, Gaby l'Hote, also
is famed for her piano artistry.
During one of his tours he played
with the San Francisco Symphony
Orchestra, and was received so fa
vorably that the audience demanded
an encore, something unusual for a
soloist appearing with a symphony
orchestia.
Casadesus was born in Paris of a
family of international musical rep
utation. As one writer says, "In Eu
rope the name Casadesus is to music
what J. P. Morgan is to money." As
a pupil at the Conservatory, Casa
desus won the coveted Diemer Prize
and has been hailed by European
and American critics as one of the
greatest pianists of the age.
His appearance on the Farm is the
result of student requests for more
instrumental artists on the Series.
His hobby is composing, and his
works include chamber music as
well as larger compositions for piano
and symphony orchestra. Many have
been played with considerable suc
cess in France and other countries.
Tickets for this concert as well as
for the rest of the season are avail
able in the Concert Series Office in
the Old Union.
Robert Casadesus, distinguished
French pianist who has now made
AmeVica his permanent home, will
appear next Monday night in Me
morial Theater as the second artist
of the A.S.S.U. Concert Series.
Previous to the Nazi occupation of
France, M. Casadesus had made six
concert trips to this continent, and
since moving here has re-established
in this country the famous Fontain
bleau School of Music. He had been
head of the piano division of the
school. His wife, Gaby l'Hote, also
is famed for her piano artistry.
During one of his tours he played
with the San Francisco Symphony
Orchestra, and was received so fa
vorably that the audience demanded
an encore, something unusual for a
soloist appearing with a symphony
orchestia.
Casadesus was born in Paris of a
family of international musical rep
utation. As one writer says, "In Eu
rope the name Casadesus is to music
what J. P. Morgan is to money." As
a pupil at the Conservatory, Casa
desus won the coveted Diemer Prize
and has been hailed by European
and American critics as one of the
greatest pianists of the age.
His appearance on the Farm is the
result of student requests for more
instrumental artists on the Series.
His hobby is composing, and his
works include chamber music as
well as larger compositions for piano
and symphony orchestra. Many have
been played with considerable suc
cess in France and other countries.
Tickets for this concert as well as
for the rest of the season are avail
able in the Concert Series Office in
the Old Union.
