# CLUB HONORS 'GRAIN OLD MAN'
## 
### 

AMOS ALONZO SI AGO, the "grand old man" of football, receives the
annual trophy of New York's Touchdown Club from Herb McCracken,
former LaFayette coach and chairman of the award committee, right.
The 78-year-old College of the Pacific coach received the award for
"unusual service and contribution to the advancement of football."

AMOS ALONZO SI AGO, the "grand old man" of football, receives the
annual trophy of New York's Touchdown Club from Herb McCracken,
former LaFayette coach and chairman of the award committee, right.
The 78-year-old College of the Pacific coach received the award for
"unusual service and contribution to the advancement of football."

AMOS ALONZO SI AGO, the "grand old man" of football, receives the
annual trophy of New York's Touchdown Club from Herb McCracken,
former LaFayette coach and chairman of the award committee, right.
The 78-year-old College of the Pacific coach received the award for
"unusual service and contribution to the advancement of football."

AMOS ALONZO SI AGO, the "grand old man" of football, receives the
annual trophy of New York's Touchdown Club from Herb McCracken,
former LaFayette coach and chairman of the award committee, right.
The 78-year-old College of the Pacific coach received the award for
"unusual service and contribution to the advancement of football."

AMOS ALONZO SI AGO, the "grand old man" of football, receives the
annual trophy of New York's Touchdown Club from Herb McCracken,
former LaFayette coach and chairman of the award committee, right.
The 78-year-old College of the Pacific coach received the award for
"unusual service and contribution to the advancement of football."

AMOS ALONZO SI AGO, the "grand old man" of football, receives the
annual trophy of New York's Touchdown Club from Herb McCracken,
former LaFayette coach and chairman of the award committee, right.
The 78-year-old College of the Pacific coach received the award for
"unusual service and contribution to the advancement of football."

AMOS ALONZO SI AGO, the "grand old man" of football, receives the
annual trophy of New York's Touchdown Club from Herb McCracken,
former LaFayette coach and chairman of the award committee, right.
The 78-year-old College of the Pacific coach received the award for
"unusual service and contribution to the advancement of football."

AMOS ALONZO SI AGO, the "grand old man" of football, receives the
annual trophy of New York's Touchdown Club from Herb McCracken,
former LaFayette coach and chairman of the award committee, right.
The 78-year-old College of the Pacific coach received the award for
"unusual service and contribution to the advancement of football."

AMOS ALONZO SI AGO, the "grand old man" of football, receives the
annual trophy of New York's Touchdown Club from Herb McCracken,
former LaFayette coach and chairman of the award committee, right.
The 78-year-old College of the Pacific coach received the award for
"unusual service and contribution to the advancement of football."

AMOS ALONZO SI AGO, the "grand old man" of football, receives the
annual trophy of New York's Touchdown Club from Herb McCracken,
former LaFayette coach and chairman of the award committee, right.
The 78-year-old College of the Pacific coach received the award for
"unusual service and contribution to the advancement of football."

AMOS ALONZO SI AGO, the "grand old man" of football, receives the
annual trophy of New York's Touchdown Club from Herb McCracken,
former LaFayette coach and chairman of the award committee, right.
The 78-year-old College of the Pacific coach received the award for
"unusual service and contribution to the advancement of football."

AMOS ALONZO SI AGO, the "grand old man" of football, receives the
annual trophy of New York's Touchdown Club from Herb McCracken,
former LaFayette coach and chairman of the award committee, right.
The 78-year-old College of the Pacific coach received the award for
"unusual service and contribution to the advancement of football."

AMOS ALONZO SI AGO, the "grand old man" of football, receives the
annual trophy of New York's Touchdown Club from Herb McCracken,
former LaFayette coach and chairman of the award committee, right.
The 78-year-old College of the Pacific coach received the award for
"unusual service and contribution to the advancement of football."

AMOS ALONZO SI AGO, the "grand old man" of football, receives the
annual trophy of New York's Touchdown Club from Herb McCracken,
former LaFayette coach and chairman of the award committee, right.
The 78-year-old College of the Pacific coach received the award for
"unusual service and contribution to the advancement of football."

AMOS ALONZO SI AGO, the "grand old man" of football, receives the
annual trophy of New York's Touchdown Club from Herb McCracken,
former LaFayette coach and chairman of the award committee, right.
The 78-year-old College of the Pacific coach received the award for
"unusual service and contribution to the advancement of football."

AMOS ALONZO SI AGO, the "grand old man" of football, receives the
annual trophy of New York's Touchdown Club from Herb McCracken,
former LaFayette coach and chairman of the award committee, right.
The 78-year-old College of the Pacific coach received the award for
"unusual service and contribution to the advancement of football."

AMOS ALONZO SI AGO, the "grand old man" of football, receives the
annual trophy of New York's Touchdown Club from Herb McCracken,
former LaFayette coach and chairman of the award committee, right.
The 78-year-old College of the Pacific coach received the award for
"unusual service and contribution to the advancement of football."

AMOS ALONZO SI AGO, the "grand old man" of football, receives the
annual trophy of New York's Touchdown Club from Herb McCracken,
former LaFayette coach and chairman of the award committee, right.
The 78-year-old College of the Pacific coach received the award for
"unusual service and contribution to the advancement of football."
