# Euphronia And Wranglers Debate Tomorrow Night
## 
### 
"Resolved, That the Lower Division
Should Be Abolished" will he the sub
ject of a debate between Euphronia
Society and Wranglers, Women's De
bating Society of Stanford, at 7:30
o'clock tomorrow night in the Wo
men's Clubhouse. The affirmative side
1 of the question will be taken by Eu
phronia, while Wranglers, recently
revived after several years of inac
tivity, will argue against the lower
I division.
"Resolved, That the Lower Division
Should Be Abolished" will he the sub
ject of a debate between Euphronia
Society and Wranglers, Women's De
bating Society of Stanford, at 7:30
o'clock tomorrow night in the Wo
men's Clubhouse. The affirmative side
1 of the question will be taken by Eu
phronia, while Wranglers, recently
revived after several years of inac
tivity, will argue against the lower
I division.
"Resolved, That the Lower Division
Should Be Abolished" will he the sub
ject of a debate between Euphronia
Society and Wranglers, Women's De
bating Society of Stanford, at 7:30
o'clock tomorrow night in the Wo
men's Clubhouse. The affirmative side
1 of the question will be taken by Eu
phronia, while Wranglers, recently
revived after several years of inac
tivity, will argue against the lower
I division.
"Resolved, That the Lower Division
Should Be Abolished" will he the sub
ject of a debate between Euphronia
Society and Wranglers, Women's De
bating Society of Stanford, at 7:30
o'clock tomorrow night in the Wo
men's Clubhouse. The affirmative side
1 of the question will be taken by Eu
phronia, while Wranglers, recently
revived after several years of inac
tivity, will argue against the lower
I division.
"Resolved, That the Lower Division
Should Be Abolished" will he the sub
ject of a debate between Euphronia
Society and Wranglers, Women's De
bating Society of Stanford, at 7:30
o'clock tomorrow night in the Wo
men's Clubhouse. The affirmative side
1 of the question will be taken by Eu
phronia, while Wranglers, recently
revived after several years of inac
tivity, will argue against the lower
I division.
"Resolved, That the Lower Division
Should Be Abolished" will he the sub
ject of a debate between Euphronia
Society and Wranglers, Women's De
bating Society of Stanford, at 7:30
o'clock tomorrow night in the Wo
men's Clubhouse. The affirmative side
1 of the question will be taken by Eu
phronia, while Wranglers, recently
revived after several years of inac
tivity, will argue against the lower
I division.
"Resolved, That the Lower Division
Should Be Abolished" will he the sub
ject of a debate between Euphronia
Society and Wranglers, Women's De
bating Society of Stanford, at 7:30
o'clock tomorrow night in the Wo
men's Clubhouse. The affirmative side
1 of the question will be taken by Eu
phronia, while Wranglers, recently
revived after several years of inac
tivity, will argue against the lower
I division.
"Resolved, That the Lower Division
Should Be Abolished" will he the sub
ject of a debate between Euphronia
Society and Wranglers, Women's De
bating Society of Stanford, at 7:30
o'clock tomorrow night in the Wo
men's Clubhouse. The affirmative side
1 of the question will be taken by Eu
phronia, while Wranglers, recently
revived after several years of inac
tivity, will argue against the lower
I division.
"Resolved, That the Lower Division
Should Be Abolished" will he the sub
ject of a debate between Euphronia
Society and Wranglers, Women's De
bating Society of Stanford, at 7:30
o'clock tomorrow night in the Wo
men's Clubhouse. The affirmative side
1 of the question will be taken by Eu
phronia, while Wranglers, recently
revived after several years of inac
tivity, will argue against the lower
I division.
"Resolved, That the Lower Division
Should Be Abolished" will he the sub
ject of a debate between Euphronia
Society and Wranglers, Women's De
bating Society of Stanford, at 7:30
o'clock tomorrow night in the Wo
men's Clubhouse. The affirmative side
1 of the question will be taken by Eu
phronia, while Wranglers, recently
revived after several years of inac
tivity, will argue against the lower
I division.
"Resolved, That the Lower Division
Should Be Abolished" will he the sub
ject of a debate between Euphronia
Society and Wranglers, Women's De
bating Society of Stanford, at 7:30
o'clock tomorrow night in the Wo
men's Clubhouse. The affirmative side
1 of the question will be taken by Eu
phronia, while Wranglers, recently
revived after several years of inac
tivity, will argue against the lower
I division.
"Resolved, That the Lower Division
Should Be Abolished" will he the sub
ject of a debate between Euphronia
Society and Wranglers, Women's De
bating Society of Stanford, at 7:30
o'clock tomorrow night in the Wo
men's Clubhouse. The affirmative side
1 of the question will be taken by Eu
phronia, while Wranglers, recently
revived after several years of inac
tivity, will argue against the lower
I division.
"Resolved, That the Lower Division
Should Be Abolished" will he the sub
ject of a debate between Euphronia
Society and Wranglers, Women's De
bating Society of Stanford, at 7:30
o'clock tomorrow night in the Wo
men's Clubhouse. The affirmative side
1 of the question will be taken by Eu
phronia, while Wranglers, recently
revived after several years of inac
tivity, will argue against the lower
I division.
"Resolved, That the Lower Division
Should Be Abolished" will he the sub
ject of a debate between Euphronia
Society and Wranglers, Women's De
bating Society of Stanford, at 7:30
o'clock tomorrow night in the Wo
men's Clubhouse. The affirmative side
1 of the question will be taken by Eu
phronia, while Wranglers, recently
revived after several years of inac
tivity, will argue against the lower
I division.
"Resolved, That the Lower Division
Should Be Abolished" will he the sub
ject of a debate between Euphronia
Society and Wranglers, Women's De
bating Society of Stanford, at 7:30
o'clock tomorrow night in the Wo
men's Clubhouse. The affirmative side
1 of the question will be taken by Eu
phronia, while Wranglers, recently
revived after several years of inac
tivity, will argue against the lower
I division.
"Resolved, That the Lower Division
Should Be Abolished" will he the sub
ject of a debate between Euphronia
Society and Wranglers, Women's De
bating Society of Stanford, at 7:30
o'clock tomorrow night in the Wo
men's Clubhouse. The affirmative side
1 of the question will be taken by Eu
phronia, while Wranglers, recently
revived after several years of inac
tivity, will argue against the lower
I division.
"Resolved, That the Lower Division
Should Be Abolished" will he the sub
ject of a debate between Euphronia
Society and Wranglers, Women's De
bating Society of Stanford, at 7:30
o'clock tomorrow night in the Wo
men's Clubhouse. The affirmative side
1 of the question will be taken by Eu
phronia, while Wranglers, recently
revived after several years of inac
tivity, will argue against the lower
I division.
