# SPECIAL NOTICES.
## 
### 
Lost—Two keys on ring. Box 812.
Lost—Emerald stick pin and guard.
Reward. Return to W. F. Pritchard.
9 Encina.
Lost —A bunch of keys. Please re
turn to 40G Encina.
Miss A. Drake carries up-to-date
line of millinery at 157 University
"The Other Americans." Will finder
notify Box 1357 or return it to the
library ?
Palo Alto Dairy Co. for best milk.
Phone 416 W.
Found—A pair of glasses left by a
professor at Wldeman's store.
Slimmer Music Colony—Carmel-by
the-Sea. Tina Lerner and Vladimir
Shavitch and other noted musicians.
Special advantages of instruction to
students. Norwood Cottages furnish
board and room at $30 monthly, with
practice facilities. Norwood Manage
ment, Box ]56, Carmel. 4-25
Lost—A hunch of keys. Please re
turn to 406 Encina.
