# Delmer Daves Will Speak Before Freshman Smoker
## 
### 
Delmer Daves will be the principal
speaker at the freshman smoker to be
held at 7 o'clock this evening in En
cina lobby.
The program will include a boxing
match between Ed Dillon and Strent
Hanna. Hadenfeldt's orchestra will
play, and a number of other diversi
fied musical numbers will be pre
sented. A pie-eating contest is also
planned.
John E. Truman will impersonate
a well-known national character.
Delmer Daves will be the principal
speaker at the freshman smoker to be
held at 7 o'clock this evening in En
cina lobby.
The program will include a boxing
match between Ed Dillon and Strent
Hanna. Hadenfeldt's orchestra will
play, and a number of other diversi
fied musical numbers will be pre
sented. A pie-eating contest is also
planned.
John E. Truman will impersonate
a well-known national character.
Delmer Daves will be the principal
speaker at the freshman smoker to be
held at 7 o'clock this evening in En
cina lobby.
The program will include a boxing
match between Ed Dillon and Strent
Hanna. Hadenfeldt's orchestra will
play, and a number of other diversi
fied musical numbers will be pre
sented. A pie-eating contest is also
planned.
John E. Truman will impersonate
a well-known national character.
Delmer Daves will be the principal
speaker at the freshman smoker to be
held at 7 o'clock this evening in En
cina lobby.
The program will include a boxing
match between Ed Dillon and Strent
Hanna. Hadenfeldt's orchestra will
play, and a number of other diversi
fied musical numbers will be pre
sented. A pie-eating contest is also
planned.
John E. Truman will impersonate
a well-known national character.
Delmer Daves will be the principal
speaker at the freshman smoker to be
held at 7 o'clock this evening in En
cina lobby.
The program will include a boxing
match between Ed Dillon and Strent
Hanna. Hadenfeldt's orchestra will
play, and a number of other diversi
fied musical numbers will be pre
sented. A pie-eating contest is also
planned.
John E. Truman will impersonate
a well-known national character.
Delmer Daves will be the principal
speaker at the freshman smoker to be
held at 7 o'clock this evening in En
cina lobby.
The program will include a boxing
match between Ed Dillon and Strent
Hanna. Hadenfeldt's orchestra will
play, and a number of other diversi
fied musical numbers will be pre
sented. A pie-eating contest is also
planned.
John E. Truman will impersonate
a well-known national character.
Delmer Daves will be the principal
speaker at the freshman smoker to be
held at 7 o'clock this evening in En
cina lobby.
The program will include a boxing
match between Ed Dillon and Strent
Hanna. Hadenfeldt's orchestra will
play, and a number of other diversi
fied musical numbers will be pre
sented. A pie-eating contest is also
planned.
John E. Truman will impersonate
a well-known national character.
Delmer Daves will be the principal
speaker at the freshman smoker to be
held at 7 o'clock this evening in En
cina lobby.
The program will include a boxing
match between Ed Dillon and Strent
Hanna. Hadenfeldt's orchestra will
play, and a number of other diversi
fied musical numbers will be pre
sented. A pie-eating contest is also
planned.
John E. Truman will impersonate
a well-known national character.
Delmer Daves will be the principal
speaker at the freshman smoker to be
held at 7 o'clock this evening in En
cina lobby.
The program will include a boxing
match between Ed Dillon and Strent
Hanna. Hadenfeldt's orchestra will
play, and a number of other diversi
fied musical numbers will be pre
sented. A pie-eating contest is also
planned.
John E. Truman will impersonate
a well-known national character.
Delmer Daves will be the principal
speaker at the freshman smoker to be
held at 7 o'clock this evening in En
cina lobby.
The program will include a boxing
match between Ed Dillon and Strent
Hanna. Hadenfeldt's orchestra will
play, and a number of other diversi
fied musical numbers will be pre
sented. A pie-eating contest is also
planned.
John E. Truman will impersonate
a well-known national character.
Delmer Daves will be the principal
speaker at the freshman smoker to be
held at 7 o'clock this evening in En
cina lobby.
The program will include a boxing
match between Ed Dillon and Strent
Hanna. Hadenfeldt's orchestra will
play, and a number of other diversi
fied musical numbers will be pre
sented. A pie-eating contest is also
planned.
John E. Truman will impersonate
a well-known national character.
Delmer Daves will be the principal
speaker at the freshman smoker to be
held at 7 o'clock this evening in En
cina lobby.
The program will include a boxing
match between Ed Dillon and Strent
Hanna. Hadenfeldt's orchestra will
play, and a number of other diversi
fied musical numbers will be pre
sented. A pie-eating contest is also
planned.
John E. Truman will impersonate
a well-known national character.
Delmer Daves will be the principal
speaker at the freshman smoker to be
held at 7 o'clock this evening in En
cina lobby.
The program will include a boxing
match between Ed Dillon and Strent
Hanna. Hadenfeldt's orchestra will
play, and a number of other diversi
fied musical numbers will be pre
sented. A pie-eating contest is also
planned.
John E. Truman will impersonate
a well-known national character.
Delmer Daves will be the principal
speaker at the freshman smoker to be
held at 7 o'clock this evening in En
cina lobby.
The program will include a boxing
match between Ed Dillon and Strent
Hanna. Hadenfeldt's orchestra will
play, and a number of other diversi
fied musical numbers will be pre
sented. A pie-eating contest is also
planned.
John E. Truman will impersonate
a well-known national character.
Delmer Daves will be the principal
speaker at the freshman smoker to be
held at 7 o'clock this evening in En
cina lobby.
The program will include a boxing
match between Ed Dillon and Strent
Hanna. Hadenfeldt's orchestra will
play, and a number of other diversi
fied musical numbers will be pre
sented. A pie-eating contest is also
planned.
John E. Truman will impersonate
a well-known national character.
