# STANFORD SPEEDERS WILL PAY DOLLAR A MILE OVER LIMIT
## 
### 
Speeders will be fined one dol
lar a mile for each mile over the
limit in which they are caught,
declared Fred Frehe, deputy con
stable, as campus officials are
making an effort to cut down the
speeding on the campus.
Frehe also requested that car
owners who leave their cars in
front of their houses take the
keys out of them as there have
been a number of thefts lately.
Speeders will be fined one dol
lar a mile for each mile over the
limit in which they are caught,
declared Fred Frehe, deputy con
stable, as campus officials are
making an effort to cut down the
speeding on the campus.
Frehe also requested that car
owners who leave their cars in
front of their houses take the
keys out of them as there have
been a number of thefts lately.
Speeders will be fined one dol
lar a mile for each mile over the
limit in which they are caught,
declared Fred Frehe, deputy con
stable, as campus officials are
making an effort to cut down the
speeding on the campus.
Frehe also requested that car
owners who leave their cars in
front of their houses take the
keys out of them as there have
been a number of thefts lately.
Speeders will be fined one dol
lar a mile for each mile over the
limit in which they are caught,
declared Fred Frehe, deputy con
stable, as campus officials are
making an effort to cut down the
speeding on the campus.
Frehe also requested that car
owners who leave their cars in
front of their houses take the
keys out of them as there have
been a number of thefts lately.
Speeders will be fined one dol
lar a mile for each mile over the
limit in which they are caught,
declared Fred Frehe, deputy con
stable, as campus officials are
making an effort to cut down the
speeding on the campus.
Frehe also requested that car
owners who leave their cars in
front of their houses take the
keys out of them as there have
been a number of thefts lately.
Speeders will be fined one dol
lar a mile for each mile over the
limit in which they are caught,
declared Fred Frehe, deputy con
stable, as campus officials are
making an effort to cut down the
speeding on the campus.
Frehe also requested that car
owners who leave their cars in
front of their houses take the
keys out of them as there have
been a number of thefts lately.
Speeders will be fined one dol
lar a mile for each mile over the
limit in which they are caught,
declared Fred Frehe, deputy con
stable, as campus officials are
making an effort to cut down the
speeding on the campus.
Frehe also requested that car
owners who leave their cars in
front of their houses take the
keys out of them as there have
been a number of thefts lately.
Speeders will be fined one dol
lar a mile for each mile over the
limit in which they are caught,
declared Fred Frehe, deputy con
stable, as campus officials are
making an effort to cut down the
speeding on the campus.
Frehe also requested that car
owners who leave their cars in
front of their houses take the
keys out of them as there have
been a number of thefts lately.
Speeders will be fined one dol
lar a mile for each mile over the
limit in which they are caught,
declared Fred Frehe, deputy con
stable, as campus officials are
making an effort to cut down the
speeding on the campus.
Frehe also requested that car
owners who leave their cars in
front of their houses take the
keys out of them as there have
been a number of thefts lately.
Speeders will be fined one dol
lar a mile for each mile over the
limit in which they are caught,
declared Fred Frehe, deputy con
stable, as campus officials are
making an effort to cut down the
speeding on the campus.
Frehe also requested that car
owners who leave their cars in
front of their houses take the
keys out of them as there have
been a number of thefts lately.
Speeders will be fined one dol
lar a mile for each mile over the
limit in which they are caught,
declared Fred Frehe, deputy con
stable, as campus officials are
making an effort to cut down the
speeding on the campus.
Frehe also requested that car
owners who leave their cars in
front of their houses take the
keys out of them as there have
been a number of thefts lately.
Speeders will be fined one dol
lar a mile for each mile over the
limit in which they are caught,
declared Fred Frehe, deputy con
stable, as campus officials are
making an effort to cut down the
speeding on the campus.
Frehe also requested that car
owners who leave their cars in
front of their houses take the
keys out of them as there have
been a number of thefts lately.
Speeders will be fined one dol
lar a mile for each mile over the
limit in which they are caught,
declared Fred Frehe, deputy con
stable, as campus officials are
making an effort to cut down the
speeding on the campus.
Frehe also requested that car
owners who leave their cars in
front of their houses take the
keys out of them as there have
been a number of thefts lately.
Speeders will be fined one dol
lar a mile for each mile over the
limit in which they are caught,
declared Fred Frehe, deputy con
stable, as campus officials are
making an effort to cut down the
speeding on the campus.
Frehe also requested that car
owners who leave their cars in
front of their houses take the
keys out of them as there have
been a number of thefts lately.
Speeders will be fined one dol
lar a mile for each mile over the
limit in which they are caught,
declared Fred Frehe, deputy con
stable, as campus officials are
making an effort to cut down the
speeding on the campus.
Frehe also requested that car
owners who leave their cars in
front of their houses take the
keys out of them as there have
been a number of thefts lately.
