# Nestoria to Elect Officers.
## 
### 
Nestoria Literary Society will clcct
officers for the coming semester at
the meeting Wednesday evening. A
banquet will be lield at the Tnn im
mediately after the business meeting.
Nestoria Literary Society will clcct
officers for the coming semester at
the meeting Wednesday evening. A
banquet will be lield at the Tnn im
mediately after the business meeting.
Nestoria Literary Society will clcct
officers for the coming semester at
the meeting Wednesday evening. A
banquet will be lield at the Tnn im
mediately after the business meeting.
Nestoria Literary Society will clcct
officers for the coming semester at
the meeting Wednesday evening. A
banquet will be lield at the Tnn im
mediately after the business meeting.
Nestoria Literary Society will clcct
officers for the coming semester at
the meeting Wednesday evening. A
banquet will be lield at the Tnn im
mediately after the business meeting.
Nestoria Literary Society will clcct
officers for the coming semester at
the meeting Wednesday evening. A
banquet will be lield at the Tnn im
mediately after the business meeting.
Nestoria Literary Society will clcct
officers for the coming semester at
the meeting Wednesday evening. A
banquet will be lield at the Tnn im
mediately after the business meeting.
Nestoria Literary Society will clcct
officers for the coming semester at
the meeting Wednesday evening. A
banquet will be lield at the Tnn im
mediately after the business meeting.
Nestoria Literary Society will clcct
officers for the coming semester at
the meeting Wednesday evening. A
banquet will be lield at the Tnn im
mediately after the business meeting.
