# Untitled Article
## 
### 
In view of the fuct Unit such ex
cellent tennis is being played on the
Ko'ule courts we would suggest that
t-onie steps be taken towards secur
ing for tho winners of the spring
contests a representation in tLie in
tercollegiate tournaments. Of course,
such action would be impossible for
this year's contests, but it would
probably be an easy matter to make
such an arrangement for future
tournaments. There is too much
sfimentßs in the events as they now
ate. and the additiou of a mixed
doubles contest, would lend a de
cided interest and beauty to the in
tercollegiate affair.
In view of the fuct Unit such ex
cellent tennis is being played on the
Ko'ule courts we would suggest that
t-onie steps be taken towards secur
ing for tho winners of the spring
contests a representation in tLie in
tercollegiate tournaments. Of course,
such action would be impossible for
this year's contests, but it would
probably be an easy matter to make
such an arrangement for future
tournaments. There is too much
sfimentßs in the events as they now
ate. and the additiou of a mixed
doubles contest, would lend a de
cided interest and beauty to the in
tercollegiate affair.
In view of the fuct Unit such ex
cellent tennis is being played on the
Ko'ule courts we would suggest that
t-onie steps be taken towards secur
ing for tho winners of the spring
contests a representation in tLie in
tercollegiate tournaments. Of course,
such action would be impossible for
this year's contests, but it would
probably be an easy matter to make
such an arrangement for future
tournaments. There is too much
sfimentßs in the events as they now
ate. and the additiou of a mixed
doubles contest, would lend a de
cided interest and beauty to the in
tercollegiate affair.
In view of the fuct Unit such ex
cellent tennis is being played on the
Ko'ule courts we would suggest that
t-onie steps be taken towards secur
ing for tho winners of the spring
contests a representation in tLie in
tercollegiate tournaments. Of course,
such action would be impossible for
this year's contests, but it would
probably be an easy matter to make
such an arrangement for future
tournaments. There is too much
sfimentßs in the events as they now
ate. and the additiou of a mixed
doubles contest, would lend a de
cided interest and beauty to the in
tercollegiate affair.
