# Untitled Article
## 
### 

MERCURY IN the Convalescent
Home Drive thermometer ncared
the two-thirds mark last night
with a tot.il of $3,983.83 reported.

MERCURY IN the Convalescent
Home Drive thermometer ncared
the two-thirds mark last night
with a tot.il of $3,983.83 reported.

MERCURY IN the Convalescent
Home Drive thermometer ncared
the two-thirds mark last night
with a tot.il of $3,983.83 reported.

MERCURY IN the Convalescent
Home Drive thermometer ncared
the two-thirds mark last night
with a tot.il of $3,983.83 reported.

MERCURY IN the Convalescent
Home Drive thermometer ncared
the two-thirds mark last night
with a tot.il of $3,983.83 reported.

MERCURY IN the Convalescent
Home Drive thermometer ncared
the two-thirds mark last night
with a tot.il of $3,983.83 reported.

MERCURY IN the Convalescent
Home Drive thermometer ncared
the two-thirds mark last night
with a tot.il of $3,983.83 reported.

MERCURY IN the Convalescent
Home Drive thermometer ncared
the two-thirds mark last night
with a tot.il of $3,983.83 reported.

MERCURY IN the Convalescent
Home Drive thermometer ncared
the two-thirds mark last night
with a tot.il of $3,983.83 reported.

MERCURY IN the Convalescent
Home Drive thermometer ncared
the two-thirds mark last night
with a tot.il of $3,983.83 reported.

MERCURY IN the Convalescent
Home Drive thermometer ncared
the two-thirds mark last night
with a tot.il of $3,983.83 reported.

MERCURY IN the Convalescent
Home Drive thermometer ncared
the two-thirds mark last night
with a tot.il of $3,983.83 reported.

MERCURY IN the Convalescent
Home Drive thermometer ncared
the two-thirds mark last night
with a tot.il of $3,983.83 reported.

MERCURY IN the Convalescent
Home Drive thermometer ncared
the two-thirds mark last night
with a tot.il of $3,983.83 reported.

MERCURY IN the Convalescent
Home Drive thermometer ncared
the two-thirds mark last night
with a tot.il of $3,983.83 reported.
