# History.
## 
### 
Special reports were made in His
tory 11. yesterday morning by Miss
Longley on "Monasticism," and by
13. I). Wigle on "The Government
of Chailes the Great." Next Tues
day J. A. Longley will deliver a
report on "The Inquisition," Y\ r . B.
Moulton on "Land Tenure in Eng
land," and Clias. Newman on "Rise
of the Third Estate in England and
France."
The following reports will be
given on Monday in History I :
Section I.—Greek aud Roman
Armor and Weapons, R. W. Camp
bell : Greek Phalanx and Roman
Legion, A T. Hasmer: Parthenon,
Miss Osburne- Section IT.; Stoics
and Their Philosophy, J. E. Sloan:
Greek and Roman Theatres, F, V.
Brooks: Greek and Koman Oratory,
C. W. Davay.
Special reports were made in His
tory 11. yesterday morning by Miss
Longley on "Monasticism," and by
13. I). Wigle on "The Government
of Chailes the Great." Next Tues
day J. A. Longley will deliver a
report on "The Inquisition," Y\ r . B.
Moulton on "Land Tenure in Eng
land," and Clias. Newman on "Rise
of the Third Estate in England and
France."
The following reports will be
given on Monday in History I :
Section I.—Greek aud Roman
Armor and Weapons, R. W. Camp
bell : Greek Phalanx and Roman
Legion, A T. Hasmer: Parthenon,
Miss Osburne- Section IT.; Stoics
and Their Philosophy, J. E. Sloan:
Greek and Roman Theatres, F, V.
Brooks: Greek and Koman Oratory,
C. W. Davay.
