# Vida Hays, '25, Announces Engagement to W. H. Suffern
## 
### 
Vida Tlays, *25, announced her en
gagement to William H. Suffern, '25,
last night at the Delta Gamma house.
Miss Hays is a member of Delta
Gamma, and Suffern is a Delta Chi.
Vida Tlays, *25, announced her en
gagement to William H. Suffern, '25,
last night at the Delta Gamma house.
Miss Hays is a member of Delta
Gamma, and Suffern is a Delta Chi.
Vida Tlays, *25, announced her en
gagement to William H. Suffern, '25,
last night at the Delta Gamma house.
Miss Hays is a member of Delta
Gamma, and Suffern is a Delta Chi.
Vida Tlays, *25, announced her en
gagement to William H. Suffern, '25,
last night at the Delta Gamma house.
Miss Hays is a member of Delta
Gamma, and Suffern is a Delta Chi.
Vida Tlays, *25, announced her en
gagement to William H. Suffern, '25,
last night at the Delta Gamma house.
Miss Hays is a member of Delta
Gamma, and Suffern is a Delta Chi.
Vida Tlays, *25, announced her en
gagement to William H. Suffern, '25,
last night at the Delta Gamma house.
Miss Hays is a member of Delta
Gamma, and Suffern is a Delta Chi.
Vida Tlays, *25, announced her en
gagement to William H. Suffern, '25,
last night at the Delta Gamma house.
Miss Hays is a member of Delta
Gamma, and Suffern is a Delta Chi.
Vida Tlays, *25, announced her en
gagement to William H. Suffern, '25,
last night at the Delta Gamma house.
Miss Hays is a member of Delta
Gamma, and Suffern is a Delta Chi.
Vida Tlays, *25, announced her en
gagement to William H. Suffern, '25,
last night at the Delta Gamma house.
Miss Hays is a member of Delta
Gamma, and Suffern is a Delta Chi.
Vida Tlays, *25, announced her en
gagement to William H. Suffern, '25,
last night at the Delta Gamma house.
Miss Hays is a member of Delta
Gamma, and Suffern is a Delta Chi.
Vida Tlays, *25, announced her en
gagement to William H. Suffern, '25,
last night at the Delta Gamma house.
Miss Hays is a member of Delta
Gamma, and Suffern is a Delta Chi.
Vida Tlays, *25, announced her en
gagement to William H. Suffern, '25,
last night at the Delta Gamma house.
Miss Hays is a member of Delta
Gamma, and Suffern is a Delta Chi.
Vida Tlays, *25, announced her en
gagement to William H. Suffern, '25,
last night at the Delta Gamma house.
Miss Hays is a member of Delta
Gamma, and Suffern is a Delta Chi.
Vida Tlays, *25, announced her en
gagement to William H. Suffern, '25,
last night at the Delta Gamma house.
Miss Hays is a member of Delta
Gamma, and Suffern is a Delta Chi.
