# Andy Kerr Back From W.&J. For Two-Month Visit
## 
### 
Andrew Kerr, former Stanford as
sistant football coach and basketball
mentor and at present head football
coach at Washington and Jefferson
College, will return to Stanford today
from Washington, Pennsylvania, where
he recently conducted spring football
practice. The former Stanford back
field assistant to Glenn Warner will
spend the months of June and July
with his family in Palo Alto, and re
turn to the East with them next Au
gust.
Andrew Kerr, former Stanford as
sistant football coach and basketball
mentor and at present head football
coach at Washington and Jefferson
College, will return to Stanford today
from Washington, Pennsylvania, where
he recently conducted spring football
practice. The former Stanford back
field assistant to Glenn Warner will
spend the months of June and July
with his family in Palo Alto, and re
turn to the East with them next Au
gust.
Andrew Kerr, former Stanford as
sistant football coach and basketball
mentor and at present head football
coach at Washington and Jefferson
College, will return to Stanford today
from Washington, Pennsylvania, where
he recently conducted spring football
practice. The former Stanford back
field assistant to Glenn Warner will
spend the months of June and July
with his family in Palo Alto, and re
turn to the East with them next Au
gust.
Andrew Kerr, former Stanford as
sistant football coach and basketball
mentor and at present head football
coach at Washington and Jefferson
College, will return to Stanford today
from Washington, Pennsylvania, where
he recently conducted spring football
practice. The former Stanford back
field assistant to Glenn Warner will
spend the months of June and July
with his family in Palo Alto, and re
turn to the East with them next Au
gust.
Andrew Kerr, former Stanford as
sistant football coach and basketball
mentor and at present head football
coach at Washington and Jefferson
College, will return to Stanford today
from Washington, Pennsylvania, where
he recently conducted spring football
practice. The former Stanford back
field assistant to Glenn Warner will
spend the months of June and July
with his family in Palo Alto, and re
turn to the East with them next Au
gust.
Andrew Kerr, former Stanford as
sistant football coach and basketball
mentor and at present head football
coach at Washington and Jefferson
College, will return to Stanford today
from Washington, Pennsylvania, where
he recently conducted spring football
practice. The former Stanford back
field assistant to Glenn Warner will
spend the months of June and July
with his family in Palo Alto, and re
turn to the East with them next Au
gust.
Andrew Kerr, former Stanford as
sistant football coach and basketball
mentor and at present head football
coach at Washington and Jefferson
College, will return to Stanford today
from Washington, Pennsylvania, where
he recently conducted spring football
practice. The former Stanford back
field assistant to Glenn Warner will
spend the months of June and July
with his family in Palo Alto, and re
turn to the East with them next Au
gust.
Andrew Kerr, former Stanford as
sistant football coach and basketball
mentor and at present head football
coach at Washington and Jefferson
College, will return to Stanford today
from Washington, Pennsylvania, where
he recently conducted spring football
practice. The former Stanford back
field assistant to Glenn Warner will
spend the months of June and July
with his family in Palo Alto, and re
turn to the East with them next Au
gust.
Andrew Kerr, former Stanford as
sistant football coach and basketball
mentor and at present head football
coach at Washington and Jefferson
College, will return to Stanford today
from Washington, Pennsylvania, where
he recently conducted spring football
practice. The former Stanford back
field assistant to Glenn Warner will
spend the months of June and July
with his family in Palo Alto, and re
turn to the East with them next Au
gust.
Andrew Kerr, former Stanford as
sistant football coach and basketball
mentor and at present head football
coach at Washington and Jefferson
College, will return to Stanford today
from Washington, Pennsylvania, where
he recently conducted spring football
practice. The former Stanford back
field assistant to Glenn Warner will
spend the months of June and July
with his family in Palo Alto, and re
turn to the East with them next Au
gust.
Andrew Kerr, former Stanford as
sistant football coach and basketball
mentor and at present head football
coach at Washington and Jefferson
College, will return to Stanford today
from Washington, Pennsylvania, where
he recently conducted spring football
practice. The former Stanford back
field assistant to Glenn Warner will
spend the months of June and July
with his family in Palo Alto, and re
turn to the East with them next Au
gust.
Andrew Kerr, former Stanford as
sistant football coach and basketball
mentor and at present head football
coach at Washington and Jefferson
College, will return to Stanford today
from Washington, Pennsylvania, where
he recently conducted spring football
practice. The former Stanford back
field assistant to Glenn Warner will
spend the months of June and July
with his family in Palo Alto, and re
turn to the East with them next Au
gust.
Andrew Kerr, former Stanford as
sistant football coach and basketball
mentor and at present head football
coach at Washington and Jefferson
College, will return to Stanford today
from Washington, Pennsylvania, where
he recently conducted spring football
practice. The former Stanford back
field assistant to Glenn Warner will
spend the months of June and July
with his family in Palo Alto, and re
turn to the East with them next Au
gust.
Andrew Kerr, former Stanford as
sistant football coach and basketball
mentor and at present head football
coach at Washington and Jefferson
College, will return to Stanford today
from Washington, Pennsylvania, where
he recently conducted spring football
practice. The former Stanford back
field assistant to Glenn Warner will
spend the months of June and July
with his family in Palo Alto, and re
turn to the East with them next Au
gust.
