# Booths Set For Circus
## 
### 
Women's living groups are work
ing together in groups of two or
three to sponsor concessions for
Circus Night tomorrow from 8:30 to
11:30 p.m. in the Women's Gym. ac
cording to Merle Beuttcl, chairman
of concessions.
The booths will be placed in the
patio of the gym and will be set up
Friday afternoon.
Caricatures, Fortunes, Food
Hurlburt, Russell, and Redwoods
will sell candy and gum; Cubberley.
Guthrie, and Madrono, chocolate
sundaes; Storey, Roth, and Mari
posa. cigarettes; Ventura, Haw
thorne, and Elm, peanuts; Lathrop,
Jordan, and Manzanita, cokes; Oaks
and Durand, pineapple sticks; Ro
blc, hot dogs; Branner, gypsy for
tune telling; Union Residence, ice
cream cones; and Lagunita, carica
tures and handwriting analysis and
a soda fountain.
Tickets for Circus Night, which is
being sponsored by Women's Con
ference, are selling in the A.S.S.U.
office for 30 cents, and may also be
purchased at the door tomorrow
evening.
Proceeds for Scholarship Fund
All proceeds from general admis
sion tickets and concession sales
will go toward the Women's Con
ference scholarship fund.
The inside of the gym will be
decorated in a circus theme with
animals and clowns along the walls.
Music for dancing will come from
records.
The whole campus is invited to
Circus Night, according to Beaty
O'Hair, general chairman. Students
may come either with or without
Women's living groups are work
ing together in groups of two or
three to sponsor concessions for
Circus Night tomorrow from 8:30 to
11:30 p.m. in the Women's Gym. ac
cording to Merle Beuttcl, chairman
of concessions.
The booths will be placed in the
patio of the gym and will be set up
Friday afternoon.
Caricatures, Fortunes, Food
Hurlburt, Russell, and Redwoods
will sell candy and gum; Cubberley.
Guthrie, and Madrono, chocolate
sundaes; Storey, Roth, and Mari
posa. cigarettes; Ventura, Haw
thorne, and Elm, peanuts; Lathrop,
Jordan, and Manzanita, cokes; Oaks
and Durand, pineapple sticks; Ro
blc, hot dogs; Branner, gypsy for
tune telling; Union Residence, ice
cream cones; and Lagunita, carica
tures and handwriting analysis and
a soda fountain.
Tickets for Circus Night, which is
being sponsored by Women's Con
ference, are selling in the A.S.S.U.
office for 30 cents, and may also be
purchased at the door tomorrow
evening.
Proceeds for Scholarship Fund
All proceeds from general admis
sion tickets and concession sales
will go toward the Women's Con
ference scholarship fund.
The inside of the gym will be
decorated in a circus theme with
animals and clowns along the walls.
Music for dancing will come from
records.
The whole campus is invited to
Circus Night, according to Beaty
O'Hair, general chairman. Students
may come either with or without
Women's living groups are work
ing together in groups of two or
three to sponsor concessions for
Circus Night tomorrow from 8:30 to
11:30 p.m. in the Women's Gym. ac
cording to Merle Beuttcl, chairman
of concessions.
The booths will be placed in the
patio of the gym and will be set up
Friday afternoon.
Caricatures, Fortunes, Food
Hurlburt, Russell, and Redwoods
will sell candy and gum; Cubberley.
Guthrie, and Madrono, chocolate
sundaes; Storey, Roth, and Mari
posa. cigarettes; Ventura, Haw
thorne, and Elm, peanuts; Lathrop,
Jordan, and Manzanita, cokes; Oaks
and Durand, pineapple sticks; Ro
blc, hot dogs; Branner, gypsy for
tune telling; Union Residence, ice
cream cones; and Lagunita, carica
tures and handwriting analysis and
a soda fountain.
Tickets for Circus Night, which is
being sponsored by Women's Con
ference, are selling in the A.S.S.U.
office for 30 cents, and may also be
purchased at the door tomorrow
evening.
Proceeds for Scholarship Fund
All proceeds from general admis
sion tickets and concession sales
will go toward the Women's Con
ference scholarship fund.
The inside of the gym will be
decorated in a circus theme with
animals and clowns along the walls.
Music for dancing will come from
records.
The whole campus is invited to
Circus Night, according to Beaty
O'Hair, general chairman. Students
may come either with or without
Women's living groups are work
ing together in groups of two or
three to sponsor concessions for
Circus Night tomorrow from 8:30 to
11:30 p.m. in the Women's Gym. ac
cording to Merle Beuttcl, chairman
of concessions.
The booths will be placed in the
patio of the gym and will be set up
Friday afternoon.
Caricatures, Fortunes, Food
Hurlburt, Russell, and Redwoods
will sell candy and gum; Cubberley.
Guthrie, and Madrono, chocolate
sundaes; Storey, Roth, and Mari
posa. cigarettes; Ventura, Haw
thorne, and Elm, peanuts; Lathrop,
Jordan, and Manzanita, cokes; Oaks
and Durand, pineapple sticks; Ro
blc, hot dogs; Branner, gypsy for
tune telling; Union Residence, ice
cream cones; and Lagunita, carica
tures and handwriting analysis and
a soda fountain.
Tickets for Circus Night, which is
being sponsored by Women's Con
ference, are selling in the A.S.S.U.
office for 30 cents, and may also be
purchased at the door tomorrow
evening.
Proceeds for Scholarship Fund
All proceeds from general admis
sion tickets and concession sales
will go toward the Women's Con
ference scholarship fund.
The inside of the gym will be
decorated in a circus theme with
animals and clowns along the walls.
Music for dancing will come from
records.
The whole campus is invited to
Circus Night, according to Beaty
O'Hair, general chairman. Students
may come either with or without
Women's living groups are work
ing together in groups of two or
three to sponsor concessions for
Circus Night tomorrow from 8:30 to
11:30 p.m. in the Women's Gym. ac
cording to Merle Beuttcl, chairman
of concessions.
The booths will be placed in the
patio of the gym and will be set up
Friday afternoon.
Caricatures, Fortunes, Food
Hurlburt, Russell, and Redwoods
will sell candy and gum; Cubberley.
Guthrie, and Madrono, chocolate
sundaes; Storey, Roth, and Mari
posa. cigarettes; Ventura, Haw
thorne, and Elm, peanuts; Lathrop,
Jordan, and Manzanita, cokes; Oaks
and Durand, pineapple sticks; Ro
blc, hot dogs; Branner, gypsy for
tune telling; Union Residence, ice
cream cones; and Lagunita, carica
tures and handwriting analysis and
a soda fountain.
Tickets for Circus Night, which is
being sponsored by Women's Con
ference, are selling in the A.S.S.U.
office for 30 cents, and may also be
purchased at the door tomorrow
evening.
Proceeds for Scholarship Fund
All proceeds from general admis
sion tickets and concession sales
will go toward the Women's Con
ference scholarship fund.
The inside of the gym will be
decorated in a circus theme with
animals and clowns along the walls.
Music for dancing will come from
records.
The whole campus is invited to
Circus Night, according to Beaty
O'Hair, general chairman. Students
may come either with or without
Women's living groups are work
ing together in groups of two or
three to sponsor concessions for
Circus Night tomorrow from 8:30 to
11:30 p.m. in the Women's Gym. ac
cording to Merle Beuttcl, chairman
of concessions.
The booths will be placed in the
patio of the gym and will be set up
Friday afternoon.
Caricatures, Fortunes, Food
Hurlburt, Russell, and Redwoods
will sell candy and gum; Cubberley.
Guthrie, and Madrono, chocolate
sundaes; Storey, Roth, and Mari
posa. cigarettes; Ventura, Haw
thorne, and Elm, peanuts; Lathrop,
Jordan, and Manzanita, cokes; Oaks
and Durand, pineapple sticks; Ro
blc, hot dogs; Branner, gypsy for
tune telling; Union Residence, ice
cream cones; and Lagunita, carica
tures and handwriting analysis and
a soda fountain.
Tickets for Circus Night, which is
being sponsored by Women's Con
ference, are selling in the A.S.S.U.
office for 30 cents, and may also be
purchased at the door tomorrow
evening.
Proceeds for Scholarship Fund
All proceeds from general admis
sion tickets and concession sales
will go toward the Women's Con
ference scholarship fund.
The inside of the gym will be
decorated in a circus theme with
animals and clowns along the walls.
Music for dancing will come from
records.
The whole campus is invited to
Circus Night, according to Beaty
O'Hair, general chairman. Students
may come either with or without
Women's living groups are work
ing together in groups of two or
three to sponsor concessions for
Circus Night tomorrow from 8:30 to
11:30 p.m. in the Women's Gym. ac
cording to Merle Beuttcl, chairman
of concessions.
The booths will be placed in the
patio of the gym and will be set up
Friday afternoon.
Caricatures, Fortunes, Food
Hurlburt, Russell, and Redwoods
will sell candy and gum; Cubberley.
Guthrie, and Madrono, chocolate
sundaes; Storey, Roth, and Mari
posa. cigarettes; Ventura, Haw
thorne, and Elm, peanuts; Lathrop,
Jordan, and Manzanita, cokes; Oaks
and Durand, pineapple sticks; Ro
blc, hot dogs; Branner, gypsy for
tune telling; Union Residence, ice
cream cones; and Lagunita, carica
tures and handwriting analysis and
a soda fountain.
Tickets for Circus Night, which is
being sponsored by Women's Con
ference, are selling in the A.S.S.U.
office for 30 cents, and may also be
purchased at the door tomorrow
evening.
Proceeds for Scholarship Fund
All proceeds from general admis
sion tickets and concession sales
will go toward the Women's Con
ference scholarship fund.
The inside of the gym will be
decorated in a circus theme with
animals and clowns along the walls.
Music for dancing will come from
records.
The whole campus is invited to
Circus Night, according to Beaty
O'Hair, general chairman. Students
may come either with or without
Women's living groups are work
ing together in groups of two or
three to sponsor concessions for
Circus Night tomorrow from 8:30 to
11:30 p.m. in the Women's Gym. ac
cording to Merle Beuttcl, chairman
of concessions.
The booths will be placed in the
patio of the gym and will be set up
Friday afternoon.
Caricatures, Fortunes, Food
Hurlburt, Russell, and Redwoods
will sell candy and gum; Cubberley.
Guthrie, and Madrono, chocolate
sundaes; Storey, Roth, and Mari
posa. cigarettes; Ventura, Haw
thorne, and Elm, peanuts; Lathrop,
Jordan, and Manzanita, cokes; Oaks
and Durand, pineapple sticks; Ro
blc, hot dogs; Branner, gypsy for
tune telling; Union Residence, ice
cream cones; and Lagunita, carica
tures and handwriting analysis and
a soda fountain.
Tickets for Circus Night, which is
being sponsored by Women's Con
ference, are selling in the A.S.S.U.
office for 30 cents, and may also be
purchased at the door tomorrow
evening.
Proceeds for Scholarship Fund
All proceeds from general admis
sion tickets and concession sales
will go toward the Women's Con
ference scholarship fund.
The inside of the gym will be
decorated in a circus theme with
animals and clowns along the walls.
Music for dancing will come from
records.
The whole campus is invited to
Circus Night, according to Beaty
O'Hair, general chairman. Students
may come either with or without
Women's living groups are work
ing together in groups of two or
three to sponsor concessions for
Circus Night tomorrow from 8:30 to
11:30 p.m. in the Women's Gym. ac
cording to Merle Beuttcl, chairman
of concessions.
The booths will be placed in the
patio of the gym and will be set up
Friday afternoon.
Caricatures, Fortunes, Food
Hurlburt, Russell, and Redwoods
will sell candy and gum; Cubberley.
Guthrie, and Madrono, chocolate
sundaes; Storey, Roth, and Mari
posa. cigarettes; Ventura, Haw
thorne, and Elm, peanuts; Lathrop,
Jordan, and Manzanita, cokes; Oaks
and Durand, pineapple sticks; Ro
blc, hot dogs; Branner, gypsy for
tune telling; Union Residence, ice
cream cones; and Lagunita, carica
tures and handwriting analysis and
a soda fountain.
Tickets for Circus Night, which is
being sponsored by Women's Con
ference, are selling in the A.S.S.U.
office for 30 cents, and may also be
purchased at the door tomorrow
evening.
Proceeds for Scholarship Fund
All proceeds from general admis
sion tickets and concession sales
will go toward the Women's Con
ference scholarship fund.
The inside of the gym will be
decorated in a circus theme with
animals and clowns along the walls.
Music for dancing will come from
records.
The whole campus is invited to
Circus Night, according to Beaty
O'Hair, general chairman. Students
may come either with or without
Women's living groups are work
ing together in groups of two or
three to sponsor concessions for
Circus Night tomorrow from 8:30 to
11:30 p.m. in the Women's Gym. ac
cording to Merle Beuttcl, chairman
of concessions.
The booths will be placed in the
patio of the gym and will be set up
Friday afternoon.
Caricatures, Fortunes, Food
Hurlburt, Russell, and Redwoods
will sell candy and gum; Cubberley.
Guthrie, and Madrono, chocolate
sundaes; Storey, Roth, and Mari
posa. cigarettes; Ventura, Haw
thorne, and Elm, peanuts; Lathrop,
Jordan, and Manzanita, cokes; Oaks
and Durand, pineapple sticks; Ro
blc, hot dogs; Branner, gypsy for
tune telling; Union Residence, ice
cream cones; and Lagunita, carica
tures and handwriting analysis and
a soda fountain.
Tickets for Circus Night, which is
being sponsored by Women's Con
ference, are selling in the A.S.S.U.
office for 30 cents, and may also be
purchased at the door tomorrow
evening.
Proceeds for Scholarship Fund
All proceeds from general admis
sion tickets and concession sales
will go toward the Women's Con
ference scholarship fund.
The inside of the gym will be
decorated in a circus theme with
animals and clowns along the walls.
Music for dancing will come from
records.
The whole campus is invited to
Circus Night, according to Beaty
O'Hair, general chairman. Students
may come either with or without
Women's living groups are work
ing together in groups of two or
three to sponsor concessions for
Circus Night tomorrow from 8:30 to
11:30 p.m. in the Women's Gym. ac
cording to Merle Beuttcl, chairman
of concessions.
The booths will be placed in the
patio of the gym and will be set up
Friday afternoon.
Caricatures, Fortunes, Food
Hurlburt, Russell, and Redwoods
will sell candy and gum; Cubberley.
Guthrie, and Madrono, chocolate
sundaes; Storey, Roth, and Mari
posa. cigarettes; Ventura, Haw
thorne, and Elm, peanuts; Lathrop,
Jordan, and Manzanita, cokes; Oaks
and Durand, pineapple sticks; Ro
blc, hot dogs; Branner, gypsy for
tune telling; Union Residence, ice
cream cones; and Lagunita, carica
tures and handwriting analysis and
a soda fountain.
Tickets for Circus Night, which is
being sponsored by Women's Con
ference, are selling in the A.S.S.U.
office for 30 cents, and may also be
purchased at the door tomorrow
evening.
Proceeds for Scholarship Fund
All proceeds from general admis
sion tickets and concession sales
will go toward the Women's Con
ference scholarship fund.
The inside of the gym will be
decorated in a circus theme with
animals and clowns along the walls.
Music for dancing will come from
records.
The whole campus is invited to
Circus Night, according to Beaty
O'Hair, general chairman. Students
may come either with or without
Women's living groups are work
ing together in groups of two or
three to sponsor concessions for
Circus Night tomorrow from 8:30 to
11:30 p.m. in the Women's Gym. ac
cording to Merle Beuttcl, chairman
of concessions.
The booths will be placed in the
patio of the gym and will be set up
Friday afternoon.
Caricatures, Fortunes, Food
Hurlburt, Russell, and Redwoods
will sell candy and gum; Cubberley.
Guthrie, and Madrono, chocolate
sundaes; Storey, Roth, and Mari
posa. cigarettes; Ventura, Haw
thorne, and Elm, peanuts; Lathrop,
Jordan, and Manzanita, cokes; Oaks
and Durand, pineapple sticks; Ro
blc, hot dogs; Branner, gypsy for
tune telling; Union Residence, ice
cream cones; and Lagunita, carica
tures and handwriting analysis and
a soda fountain.
Tickets for Circus Night, which is
being sponsored by Women's Con
ference, are selling in the A.S.S.U.
office for 30 cents, and may also be
purchased at the door tomorrow
evening.
Proceeds for Scholarship Fund
All proceeds from general admis
sion tickets and concession sales
will go toward the Women's Con
ference scholarship fund.
The inside of the gym will be
decorated in a circus theme with
animals and clowns along the walls.
Music for dancing will come from
records.
The whole campus is invited to
Circus Night, according to Beaty
O'Hair, general chairman. Students
may come either with or without
Women's living groups are work
ing together in groups of two or
three to sponsor concessions for
Circus Night tomorrow from 8:30 to
11:30 p.m. in the Women's Gym. ac
cording to Merle Beuttcl, chairman
of concessions.
The booths will be placed in the
patio of the gym and will be set up
Friday afternoon.
Caricatures, Fortunes, Food
Hurlburt, Russell, and Redwoods
will sell candy and gum; Cubberley.
Guthrie, and Madrono, chocolate
sundaes; Storey, Roth, and Mari
posa. cigarettes; Ventura, Haw
thorne, and Elm, peanuts; Lathrop,
Jordan, and Manzanita, cokes; Oaks
and Durand, pineapple sticks; Ro
blc, hot dogs; Branner, gypsy for
tune telling; Union Residence, ice
cream cones; and Lagunita, carica
tures and handwriting analysis and
a soda fountain.
Tickets for Circus Night, which is
being sponsored by Women's Con
ference, are selling in the A.S.S.U.
office for 30 cents, and may also be
purchased at the door tomorrow
evening.
Proceeds for Scholarship Fund
All proceeds from general admis
sion tickets and concession sales
will go toward the Women's Con
ference scholarship fund.
The inside of the gym will be
decorated in a circus theme with
animals and clowns along the walls.
Music for dancing will come from
records.
The whole campus is invited to
Circus Night, according to Beaty
O'Hair, general chairman. Students
may come either with or without
Women's living groups are work
ing together in groups of two or
three to sponsor concessions for
Circus Night tomorrow from 8:30 to
11:30 p.m. in the Women's Gym. ac
cording to Merle Beuttcl, chairman
of concessions.
The booths will be placed in the
patio of the gym and will be set up
Friday afternoon.
Caricatures, Fortunes, Food
Hurlburt, Russell, and Redwoods
will sell candy and gum; Cubberley.
Guthrie, and Madrono, chocolate
sundaes; Storey, Roth, and Mari
posa. cigarettes; Ventura, Haw
thorne, and Elm, peanuts; Lathrop,
Jordan, and Manzanita, cokes; Oaks
and Durand, pineapple sticks; Ro
blc, hot dogs; Branner, gypsy for
tune telling; Union Residence, ice
cream cones; and Lagunita, carica
tures and handwriting analysis and
a soda fountain.
Tickets for Circus Night, which is
being sponsored by Women's Con
ference, are selling in the A.S.S.U.
office for 30 cents, and may also be
purchased at the door tomorrow
evening.
Proceeds for Scholarship Fund
All proceeds from general admis
sion tickets and concession sales
will go toward the Women's Con
ference scholarship fund.
The inside of the gym will be
decorated in a circus theme with
animals and clowns along the walls.
Music for dancing will come from
records.
The whole campus is invited to
Circus Night, according to Beaty
O'Hair, general chairman. Students
may come either with or without
Women's living groups are work
ing together in groups of two or
three to sponsor concessions for
Circus Night tomorrow from 8:30 to
11:30 p.m. in the Women's Gym. ac
cording to Merle Beuttcl, chairman
of concessions.
The booths will be placed in the
patio of the gym and will be set up
Friday afternoon.
Caricatures, Fortunes, Food
Hurlburt, Russell, and Redwoods
will sell candy and gum; Cubberley.
Guthrie, and Madrono, chocolate
sundaes; Storey, Roth, and Mari
posa. cigarettes; Ventura, Haw
thorne, and Elm, peanuts; Lathrop,
Jordan, and Manzanita, cokes; Oaks
and Durand, pineapple sticks; Ro
blc, hot dogs; Branner, gypsy for
tune telling; Union Residence, ice
cream cones; and Lagunita, carica
tures and handwriting analysis and
a soda fountain.
Tickets for Circus Night, which is
being sponsored by Women's Con
ference, are selling in the A.S.S.U.
office for 30 cents, and may also be
purchased at the door tomorrow
evening.
Proceeds for Scholarship Fund
All proceeds from general admis
sion tickets and concession sales
will go toward the Women's Con
ference scholarship fund.
The inside of the gym will be
decorated in a circus theme with
animals and clowns along the walls.
Music for dancing will come from
records.
The whole campus is invited to
Circus Night, according to Beaty
O'Hair, general chairman. Students
may come either with or without
