# Stanford 'T' Club To Meet Sunday
## 
### 
Stanford's International Club will
meet this Sunday at 7:30 in thr
home of Mr. and Mis. Edwin J.
Thomas of Palo Alto to discuss
plans for a coming "I" Club dance
and to have informal discussion on
the problem of "Nationalism in
World Affairs."
Refreshments will be served. Ray
Jansen, program chairman, will
have charge of the discussion.
Stanford's International Club will
meet this Sunday at 7:30 in thr
home of Mr. and Mis. Edwin J.
Thomas of Palo Alto to discuss
plans for a coming "I" Club dance
and to have informal discussion on
the problem of "Nationalism in
World Affairs."
Refreshments will be served. Ray
Jansen, program chairman, will
have charge of the discussion.
Stanford's International Club will
meet this Sunday at 7:30 in thr
home of Mr. and Mis. Edwin J.
Thomas of Palo Alto to discuss
plans for a coming "I" Club dance
and to have informal discussion on
the problem of "Nationalism in
World Affairs."
Refreshments will be served. Ray
Jansen, program chairman, will
have charge of the discussion.
Stanford's International Club will
meet this Sunday at 7:30 in thr
home of Mr. and Mis. Edwin J.
Thomas of Palo Alto to discuss
plans for a coming "I" Club dance
and to have informal discussion on
the problem of "Nationalism in
World Affairs."
Refreshments will be served. Ray
Jansen, program chairman, will
have charge of the discussion.
Stanford's International Club will
meet this Sunday at 7:30 in thr
home of Mr. and Mis. Edwin J.
Thomas of Palo Alto to discuss
plans for a coming "I" Club dance
and to have informal discussion on
the problem of "Nationalism in
World Affairs."
Refreshments will be served. Ray
Jansen, program chairman, will
have charge of the discussion.
Stanford's International Club will
meet this Sunday at 7:30 in thr
home of Mr. and Mis. Edwin J.
Thomas of Palo Alto to discuss
plans for a coming "I" Club dance
and to have informal discussion on
the problem of "Nationalism in
World Affairs."
Refreshments will be served. Ray
Jansen, program chairman, will
have charge of the discussion.
Stanford's International Club will
meet this Sunday at 7:30 in thr
home of Mr. and Mis. Edwin J.
Thomas of Palo Alto to discuss
plans for a coming "I" Club dance
and to have informal discussion on
the problem of "Nationalism in
World Affairs."
Refreshments will be served. Ray
Jansen, program chairman, will
have charge of the discussion.
Stanford's International Club will
meet this Sunday at 7:30 in thr
home of Mr. and Mis. Edwin J.
Thomas of Palo Alto to discuss
plans for a coming "I" Club dance
and to have informal discussion on
the problem of "Nationalism in
World Affairs."
Refreshments will be served. Ray
Jansen, program chairman, will
have charge of the discussion.
Stanford's International Club will
meet this Sunday at 7:30 in thr
home of Mr. and Mis. Edwin J.
Thomas of Palo Alto to discuss
plans for a coming "I" Club dance
and to have informal discussion on
the problem of "Nationalism in
World Affairs."
Refreshments will be served. Ray
Jansen, program chairman, will
have charge of the discussion.
Stanford's International Club will
meet this Sunday at 7:30 in thr
home of Mr. and Mis. Edwin J.
Thomas of Palo Alto to discuss
plans for a coming "I" Club dance
and to have informal discussion on
the problem of "Nationalism in
World Affairs."
Refreshments will be served. Ray
Jansen, program chairman, will
have charge of the discussion.
Stanford's International Club will
meet this Sunday at 7:30 in thr
home of Mr. and Mis. Edwin J.
Thomas of Palo Alto to discuss
plans for a coming "I" Club dance
and to have informal discussion on
the problem of "Nationalism in
World Affairs."
Refreshments will be served. Ray
Jansen, program chairman, will
have charge of the discussion.
Stanford's International Club will
meet this Sunday at 7:30 in thr
home of Mr. and Mis. Edwin J.
Thomas of Palo Alto to discuss
plans for a coming "I" Club dance
and to have informal discussion on
the problem of "Nationalism in
World Affairs."
Refreshments will be served. Ray
Jansen, program chairman, will
have charge of the discussion.
Stanford's International Club will
meet this Sunday at 7:30 in thr
home of Mr. and Mis. Edwin J.
Thomas of Palo Alto to discuss
plans for a coming "I" Club dance
and to have informal discussion on
the problem of "Nationalism in
World Affairs."
Refreshments will be served. Ray
Jansen, program chairman, will
have charge of the discussion.
Stanford's International Club will
meet this Sunday at 7:30 in thr
home of Mr. and Mis. Edwin J.
Thomas of Palo Alto to discuss
plans for a coming "I" Club dance
and to have informal discussion on
the problem of "Nationalism in
World Affairs."
Refreshments will be served. Ray
Jansen, program chairman, will
have charge of the discussion.
Stanford's International Club will
meet this Sunday at 7:30 in thr
home of Mr. and Mis. Edwin J.
Thomas of Palo Alto to discuss
plans for a coming "I" Club dance
and to have informal discussion on
the problem of "Nationalism in
World Affairs."
Refreshments will be served. Ray
Jansen, program chairman, will
have charge of the discussion.
