# Phi Delts Beaten 27-20
## 
### Cellar Dwellers Five 
Encina's clean-passing and fast
moving Cellar Dwellers dropped an
outmanned Phi Delt quintet last
night to win 27 to 20 in an intra
mural game held in the Pavilion.
Wickersham, center of the Cellar
five, practically outscored the losers
single-handedly as he contributed
1G points. His fine backboard play
and good eye pulled the Encina team
ahead from a 13 to 13 half-time
deadlock. Hall and Prince made
most of the Phi Delt total, scoring
nine and five points respectively.

In other games last night, the
Halsey NROTC squad trounced
Cleveland Hall 33 to 21 to continue
its late season winning streak and
Sigma Chi dropped Encina 3E 22 to
16. The Halseys have been eliminat
ed from the League II title chase
because of two early season defeats
but have steadily improved. The
Navy team wears its opponents down
by using mass substitutions.
Encina's clean-passing and fast
moving Cellar Dwellers dropped an
outmanned Phi Delt quintet last
night to win 27 to 20 in an intra
mural game held in the Pavilion.
Wickersham, center of the Cellar
five, practically outscored the losers
single-handedly as he contributed
1G points. His fine backboard play
and good eye pulled the Encina team
ahead from a 13 to 13 half-time
deadlock. Hall and Prince made
most of the Phi Delt total, scoring
nine and five points respectively.

In other games last night, the
Halsey NROTC squad trounced
Cleveland Hall 33 to 21 to continue
its late season winning streak and
Sigma Chi dropped Encina 3E 22 to
16. The Halseys have been eliminat
ed from the League II title chase
because of two early season defeats
but have steadily improved. The
Navy team wears its opponents down
by using mass substitutions.
Encina's clean-passing and fast
moving Cellar Dwellers dropped an
outmanned Phi Delt quintet last
night to win 27 to 20 in an intra
mural game held in the Pavilion.
Wickersham, center of the Cellar
five, practically outscored the losers
single-handedly as he contributed
1G points. His fine backboard play
and good eye pulled the Encina team
ahead from a 13 to 13 half-time
deadlock. Hall and Prince made
most of the Phi Delt total, scoring
nine and five points respectively.

In other games last night, the
Halsey NROTC squad trounced
Cleveland Hall 33 to 21 to continue
its late season winning streak and
Sigma Chi dropped Encina 3E 22 to
16. The Halseys have been eliminat
ed from the League II title chase
because of two early season defeats
but have steadily improved. The
Navy team wears its opponents down
by using mass substitutions.
Encina's clean-passing and fast
moving Cellar Dwellers dropped an
outmanned Phi Delt quintet last
night to win 27 to 20 in an intra
mural game held in the Pavilion.
Wickersham, center of the Cellar
five, practically outscored the losers
single-handedly as he contributed
1G points. His fine backboard play
and good eye pulled the Encina team
ahead from a 13 to 13 half-time
deadlock. Hall and Prince made
most of the Phi Delt total, scoring
nine and five points respectively.

In other games last night, the
Halsey NROTC squad trounced
Cleveland Hall 33 to 21 to continue
its late season winning streak and
Sigma Chi dropped Encina 3E 22 to
16. The Halseys have been eliminat
ed from the League II title chase
because of two early season defeats
but have steadily improved. The
Navy team wears its opponents down
by using mass substitutions.
Encina's clean-passing and fast
moving Cellar Dwellers dropped an
outmanned Phi Delt quintet last
night to win 27 to 20 in an intra
mural game held in the Pavilion.
Wickersham, center of the Cellar
five, practically outscored the losers
single-handedly as he contributed
1G points. His fine backboard play
and good eye pulled the Encina team
ahead from a 13 to 13 half-time
deadlock. Hall and Prince made
most of the Phi Delt total, scoring
nine and five points respectively.

In other games last night, the
Halsey NROTC squad trounced
Cleveland Hall 33 to 21 to continue
its late season winning streak and
Sigma Chi dropped Encina 3E 22 to
16. The Halseys have been eliminat
ed from the League II title chase
because of two early season defeats
but have steadily improved. The
Navy team wears its opponents down
by using mass substitutions.
Encina's clean-passing and fast
moving Cellar Dwellers dropped an
outmanned Phi Delt quintet last
night to win 27 to 20 in an intra
mural game held in the Pavilion.
Wickersham, center of the Cellar
five, practically outscored the losers
single-handedly as he contributed
1G points. His fine backboard play
and good eye pulled the Encina team
ahead from a 13 to 13 half-time
deadlock. Hall and Prince made
most of the Phi Delt total, scoring
nine and five points respectively.

In other games last night, the
Halsey NROTC squad trounced
Cleveland Hall 33 to 21 to continue
its late season winning streak and
Sigma Chi dropped Encina 3E 22 to
16. The Halseys have been eliminat
ed from the League II title chase
because of two early season defeats
but have steadily improved. The
Navy team wears its opponents down
by using mass substitutions.
Encina's clean-passing and fast
moving Cellar Dwellers dropped an
outmanned Phi Delt quintet last
night to win 27 to 20 in an intra
mural game held in the Pavilion.
Wickersham, center of the Cellar
five, practically outscored the losers
single-handedly as he contributed
1G points. His fine backboard play
and good eye pulled the Encina team
ahead from a 13 to 13 half-time
deadlock. Hall and Prince made
most of the Phi Delt total, scoring
nine and five points respectively.

In other games last night, the
Halsey NROTC squad trounced
Cleveland Hall 33 to 21 to continue
its late season winning streak and
Sigma Chi dropped Encina 3E 22 to
16. The Halseys have been eliminat
ed from the League II title chase
because of two early season defeats
but have steadily improved. The
Navy team wears its opponents down
by using mass substitutions.
Encina's clean-passing and fast
moving Cellar Dwellers dropped an
outmanned Phi Delt quintet last
night to win 27 to 20 in an intra
mural game held in the Pavilion.
Wickersham, center of the Cellar
five, practically outscored the losers
single-handedly as he contributed
1G points. His fine backboard play
and good eye pulled the Encina team
ahead from a 13 to 13 half-time
deadlock. Hall and Prince made
most of the Phi Delt total, scoring
nine and five points respectively.

In other games last night, the
Halsey NROTC squad trounced
Cleveland Hall 33 to 21 to continue
its late season winning streak and
Sigma Chi dropped Encina 3E 22 to
16. The Halseys have been eliminat
ed from the League II title chase
because of two early season defeats
but have steadily improved. The
Navy team wears its opponents down
by using mass substitutions.
Encina's clean-passing and fast
moving Cellar Dwellers dropped an
outmanned Phi Delt quintet last
night to win 27 to 20 in an intra
mural game held in the Pavilion.
Wickersham, center of the Cellar
five, practically outscored the losers
single-handedly as he contributed
1G points. His fine backboard play
and good eye pulled the Encina team
ahead from a 13 to 13 half-time
deadlock. Hall and Prince made
most of the Phi Delt total, scoring
nine and five points respectively.

In other games last night, the
Halsey NROTC squad trounced
Cleveland Hall 33 to 21 to continue
its late season winning streak and
Sigma Chi dropped Encina 3E 22 to
16. The Halseys have been eliminat
ed from the League II title chase
because of two early season defeats
but have steadily improved. The
Navy team wears its opponents down
by using mass substitutions.
Encina's clean-passing and fast
moving Cellar Dwellers dropped an
outmanned Phi Delt quintet last
night to win 27 to 20 in an intra
mural game held in the Pavilion.
Wickersham, center of the Cellar
five, practically outscored the losers
single-handedly as he contributed
1G points. His fine backboard play
and good eye pulled the Encina team
ahead from a 13 to 13 half-time
deadlock. Hall and Prince made
most of the Phi Delt total, scoring
nine and five points respectively.

In other games last night, the
Halsey NROTC squad trounced
Cleveland Hall 33 to 21 to continue
its late season winning streak and
Sigma Chi dropped Encina 3E 22 to
16. The Halseys have been eliminat
ed from the League II title chase
because of two early season defeats
but have steadily improved. The
Navy team wears its opponents down
by using mass substitutions.
Encina's clean-passing and fast
moving Cellar Dwellers dropped an
outmanned Phi Delt quintet last
night to win 27 to 20 in an intra
mural game held in the Pavilion.
Wickersham, center of the Cellar
five, practically outscored the losers
single-handedly as he contributed
1G points. His fine backboard play
and good eye pulled the Encina team
ahead from a 13 to 13 half-time
deadlock. Hall and Prince made
most of the Phi Delt total, scoring
nine and five points respectively.

In other games last night, the
Halsey NROTC squad trounced
Cleveland Hall 33 to 21 to continue
its late season winning streak and
Sigma Chi dropped Encina 3E 22 to
16. The Halseys have been eliminat
ed from the League II title chase
because of two early season defeats
but have steadily improved. The
Navy team wears its opponents down
by using mass substitutions.
Encina's clean-passing and fast
moving Cellar Dwellers dropped an
outmanned Phi Delt quintet last
night to win 27 to 20 in an intra
mural game held in the Pavilion.
Wickersham, center of the Cellar
five, practically outscored the losers
single-handedly as he contributed
1G points. His fine backboard play
and good eye pulled the Encina team
ahead from a 13 to 13 half-time
deadlock. Hall and Prince made
most of the Phi Delt total, scoring
nine and five points respectively.

In other games last night, the
Halsey NROTC squad trounced
Cleveland Hall 33 to 21 to continue
its late season winning streak and
Sigma Chi dropped Encina 3E 22 to
16. The Halseys have been eliminat
ed from the League II title chase
because of two early season defeats
but have steadily improved. The
Navy team wears its opponents down
by using mass substitutions.
Encina's clean-passing and fast
moving Cellar Dwellers dropped an
outmanned Phi Delt quintet last
night to win 27 to 20 in an intra
mural game held in the Pavilion.
Wickersham, center of the Cellar
five, practically outscored the losers
single-handedly as he contributed
1G points. His fine backboard play
and good eye pulled the Encina team
ahead from a 13 to 13 half-time
deadlock. Hall and Prince made
most of the Phi Delt total, scoring
nine and five points respectively.

In other games last night, the
Halsey NROTC squad trounced
Cleveland Hall 33 to 21 to continue
its late season winning streak and
Sigma Chi dropped Encina 3E 22 to
16. The Halseys have been eliminat
ed from the League II title chase
because of two early season defeats
but have steadily improved. The
Navy team wears its opponents down
by using mass substitutions.
Encina's clean-passing and fast
moving Cellar Dwellers dropped an
outmanned Phi Delt quintet last
night to win 27 to 20 in an intra
mural game held in the Pavilion.
Wickersham, center of the Cellar
five, practically outscored the losers
single-handedly as he contributed
1G points. His fine backboard play
and good eye pulled the Encina team
ahead from a 13 to 13 half-time
deadlock. Hall and Prince made
most of the Phi Delt total, scoring
nine and five points respectively.

In other games last night, the
Halsey NROTC squad trounced
Cleveland Hall 33 to 21 to continue
its late season winning streak and
Sigma Chi dropped Encina 3E 22 to
16. The Halseys have been eliminat
ed from the League II title chase
because of two early season defeats
but have steadily improved. The
Navy team wears its opponents down
by using mass substitutions.
Encina's clean-passing and fast
moving Cellar Dwellers dropped an
outmanned Phi Delt quintet last
night to win 27 to 20 in an intra
mural game held in the Pavilion.
Wickersham, center of the Cellar
five, practically outscored the losers
single-handedly as he contributed
1G points. His fine backboard play
and good eye pulled the Encina team
ahead from a 13 to 13 half-time
deadlock. Hall and Prince made
most of the Phi Delt total, scoring
nine and five points respectively.

In other games last night, the
Halsey NROTC squad trounced
Cleveland Hall 33 to 21 to continue
its late season winning streak and
Sigma Chi dropped Encina 3E 22 to
16. The Halseys have been eliminat
ed from the League II title chase
because of two early season defeats
but have steadily improved. The
Navy team wears its opponents down
by using mass substitutions.
