# NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
## 
### 
following the successful example of
tho Minnesota Daily, a petition is
being circulated here to make the
year's subscription to the Daily a
part of the annual tuition fee of each
student. * JIU ,
following the successful example of
tho Minnesota Daily, a petition is
being circulated here to make the
year's subscription to the Daily a
part of the annual tuition fee of each
student. * JIU ,
following the successful example of
tho Minnesota Daily, a petition is
being circulated here to make the
year's subscription to the Daily a
part of the annual tuition fee of each
student. * JIU ,
following the successful example of
tho Minnesota Daily, a petition is
being circulated here to make the
year's subscription to the Daily a
part of the annual tuition fee of each
student. * JIU ,
following the successful example of
tho Minnesota Daily, a petition is
being circulated here to make the
year's subscription to the Daily a
part of the annual tuition fee of each
student. * JIU ,
following the successful example of
tho Minnesota Daily, a petition is
being circulated here to make the
year's subscription to the Daily a
part of the annual tuition fee of each
student. * JIU ,
following the successful example of
tho Minnesota Daily, a petition is
being circulated here to make the
year's subscription to the Daily a
part of the annual tuition fee of each
student. * JIU ,
following the successful example of
tho Minnesota Daily, a petition is
being circulated here to make the
year's subscription to the Daily a
part of the annual tuition fee of each
student. * JIU ,
following the successful example of
tho Minnesota Daily, a petition is
being circulated here to make the
year's subscription to the Daily a
part of the annual tuition fee of each
student. * JIU ,
following the successful example of
tho Minnesota Daily, a petition is
being circulated here to make the
year's subscription to the Daily a
part of the annual tuition fee of each
student. * JIU ,
following the successful example of
tho Minnesota Daily, a petition is
being circulated here to make the
year's subscription to the Daily a
part of the annual tuition fee of each
student. * JIU ,
following the successful example of
tho Minnesota Daily, a petition is
being circulated here to make the
year's subscription to the Daily a
part of the annual tuition fee of each
student. * JIU ,
following the successful example of
tho Minnesota Daily, a petition is
being circulated here to make the
year's subscription to the Daily a
part of the annual tuition fee of each
student. * JIU ,
following the successful example of
tho Minnesota Daily, a petition is
being circulated here to make the
year's subscription to the Daily a
part of the annual tuition fee of each
student. * JIU ,
following the successful example of
tho Minnesota Daily, a petition is
being circulated here to make the
year's subscription to the Daily a
part of the annual tuition fee of each
student. * JIU ,
