# PLAY IN CLASS NET MATCHES IS LAGGING
## 
### 
Play in the interclass tennis
tournament has been proceeding
slowly, according to Intramural
Director Davis, because of the
failure of some of the class teams
to show up on time. The matches
are lagging behind the schedule,
and it has taken several days to
complete some of the tournaments.
So far, the freahmen have de
feated the sophomores, and sen
iors have downed the juniors. The
juniors and freshmen settle their
differences on the varsity courts
this afternoon at 1:30. Hinckley,
Deßack, Mannoccir, Leeds, Grep
pin, McHose, Hofflund, Edwards,
and Huneke are on the junior
squad. The first year men will be
represented by Fairchild, Coffin,
McCleave, Oatman, Ogden, Welch,
and Beckwith.
Play in the interclass tennis
tournament has been proceeding
slowly, according to Intramural
Director Davis, because of the
failure of some of the class teams
to show up on time. The matches
are lagging behind the schedule,
and it has taken several days to
complete some of the tournaments.
So far, the freahmen have de
feated the sophomores, and sen
iors have downed the juniors. The
juniors and freshmen settle their
differences on the varsity courts
this afternoon at 1:30. Hinckley,
Deßack, Mannoccir, Leeds, Grep
pin, McHose, Hofflund, Edwards,
and Huneke are on the junior
squad. The first year men will be
represented by Fairchild, Coffin,
McCleave, Oatman, Ogden, Welch,
and Beckwith.
Play in the interclass tennis
tournament has been proceeding
slowly, according to Intramural
Director Davis, because of the
failure of some of the class teams
to show up on time. The matches
are lagging behind the schedule,
and it has taken several days to
complete some of the tournaments.
So far, the freahmen have de
feated the sophomores, and sen
iors have downed the juniors. The
juniors and freshmen settle their
differences on the varsity courts
this afternoon at 1:30. Hinckley,
Deßack, Mannoccir, Leeds, Grep
pin, McHose, Hofflund, Edwards,
and Huneke are on the junior
squad. The first year men will be
represented by Fairchild, Coffin,
McCleave, Oatman, Ogden, Welch,
and Beckwith.
Play in the interclass tennis
tournament has been proceeding
slowly, according to Intramural
Director Davis, because of the
failure of some of the class teams
to show up on time. The matches
are lagging behind the schedule,
and it has taken several days to
complete some of the tournaments.
So far, the freahmen have de
feated the sophomores, and sen
iors have downed the juniors. The
juniors and freshmen settle their
differences on the varsity courts
this afternoon at 1:30. Hinckley,
Deßack, Mannoccir, Leeds, Grep
pin, McHose, Hofflund, Edwards,
and Huneke are on the junior
squad. The first year men will be
represented by Fairchild, Coffin,
McCleave, Oatman, Ogden, Welch,
and Beckwith.
Play in the interclass tennis
tournament has been proceeding
slowly, according to Intramural
Director Davis, because of the
failure of some of the class teams
to show up on time. The matches
are lagging behind the schedule,
and it has taken several days to
complete some of the tournaments.
So far, the freahmen have de
feated the sophomores, and sen
iors have downed the juniors. The
juniors and freshmen settle their
differences on the varsity courts
this afternoon at 1:30. Hinckley,
Deßack, Mannoccir, Leeds, Grep
pin, McHose, Hofflund, Edwards,
and Huneke are on the junior
squad. The first year men will be
represented by Fairchild, Coffin,
McCleave, Oatman, Ogden, Welch,
and Beckwith.
Play in the interclass tennis
tournament has been proceeding
slowly, according to Intramural
Director Davis, because of the
failure of some of the class teams
to show up on time. The matches
are lagging behind the schedule,
and it has taken several days to
complete some of the tournaments.
So far, the freahmen have de
feated the sophomores, and sen
iors have downed the juniors. The
juniors and freshmen settle their
differences on the varsity courts
this afternoon at 1:30. Hinckley,
Deßack, Mannoccir, Leeds, Grep
pin, McHose, Hofflund, Edwards,
and Huneke are on the junior
squad. The first year men will be
represented by Fairchild, Coffin,
McCleave, Oatman, Ogden, Welch,
and Beckwith.
Play in the interclass tennis
tournament has been proceeding
slowly, according to Intramural
Director Davis, because of the
failure of some of the class teams
to show up on time. The matches
are lagging behind the schedule,
and it has taken several days to
complete some of the tournaments.
So far, the freahmen have de
feated the sophomores, and sen
iors have downed the juniors. The
juniors and freshmen settle their
differences on the varsity courts
this afternoon at 1:30. Hinckley,
Deßack, Mannoccir, Leeds, Grep
pin, McHose, Hofflund, Edwards,
and Huneke are on the junior
squad. The first year men will be
represented by Fairchild, Coffin,
McCleave, Oatman, Ogden, Welch,
and Beckwith.
Play in the interclass tennis
tournament has been proceeding
slowly, according to Intramural
Director Davis, because of the
failure of some of the class teams
to show up on time. The matches
are lagging behind the schedule,
and it has taken several days to
complete some of the tournaments.
So far, the freahmen have de
feated the sophomores, and sen
iors have downed the juniors. The
juniors and freshmen settle their
differences on the varsity courts
this afternoon at 1:30. Hinckley,
Deßack, Mannoccir, Leeds, Grep
pin, McHose, Hofflund, Edwards,
and Huneke are on the junior
squad. The first year men will be
represented by Fairchild, Coffin,
McCleave, Oatman, Ogden, Welch,
and Beckwith.
Play in the interclass tennis
tournament has been proceeding
slowly, according to Intramural
Director Davis, because of the
failure of some of the class teams
to show up on time. The matches
are lagging behind the schedule,
and it has taken several days to
complete some of the tournaments.
So far, the freahmen have de
feated the sophomores, and sen
iors have downed the juniors. The
juniors and freshmen settle their
differences on the varsity courts
this afternoon at 1:30. Hinckley,
Deßack, Mannoccir, Leeds, Grep
pin, McHose, Hofflund, Edwards,
and Huneke are on the junior
squad. The first year men will be
represented by Fairchild, Coffin,
McCleave, Oatman, Ogden, Welch,
and Beckwith.
Play in the interclass tennis
tournament has been proceeding
slowly, according to Intramural
Director Davis, because of the
failure of some of the class teams
to show up on time. The matches
are lagging behind the schedule,
and it has taken several days to
complete some of the tournaments.
So far, the freahmen have de
feated the sophomores, and sen
iors have downed the juniors. The
juniors and freshmen settle their
differences on the varsity courts
this afternoon at 1:30. Hinckley,
Deßack, Mannoccir, Leeds, Grep
pin, McHose, Hofflund, Edwards,
and Huneke are on the junior
squad. The first year men will be
represented by Fairchild, Coffin,
McCleave, Oatman, Ogden, Welch,
and Beckwith.
Play in the interclass tennis
tournament has been proceeding
slowly, according to Intramural
Director Davis, because of the
failure of some of the class teams
to show up on time. The matches
are lagging behind the schedule,
and it has taken several days to
complete some of the tournaments.
So far, the freahmen have de
feated the sophomores, and sen
iors have downed the juniors. The
juniors and freshmen settle their
differences on the varsity courts
this afternoon at 1:30. Hinckley,
Deßack, Mannoccir, Leeds, Grep
pin, McHose, Hofflund, Edwards,
and Huneke are on the junior
squad. The first year men will be
represented by Fairchild, Coffin,
McCleave, Oatman, Ogden, Welch,
and Beckwith.
Play in the interclass tennis
tournament has been proceeding
slowly, according to Intramural
Director Davis, because of the
failure of some of the class teams
to show up on time. The matches
are lagging behind the schedule,
and it has taken several days to
complete some of the tournaments.
So far, the freahmen have de
feated the sophomores, and sen
iors have downed the juniors. The
juniors and freshmen settle their
differences on the varsity courts
this afternoon at 1:30. Hinckley,
Deßack, Mannoccir, Leeds, Grep
pin, McHose, Hofflund, Edwards,
and Huneke are on the junior
squad. The first year men will be
represented by Fairchild, Coffin,
McCleave, Oatman, Ogden, Welch,
and Beckwith.
Play in the interclass tennis
tournament has been proceeding
slowly, according to Intramural
Director Davis, because of the
failure of some of the class teams
to show up on time. The matches
are lagging behind the schedule,
and it has taken several days to
complete some of the tournaments.
So far, the freahmen have de
feated the sophomores, and sen
iors have downed the juniors. The
juniors and freshmen settle their
differences on the varsity courts
this afternoon at 1:30. Hinckley,
Deßack, Mannoccir, Leeds, Grep
pin, McHose, Hofflund, Edwards,
and Huneke are on the junior
squad. The first year men will be
represented by Fairchild, Coffin,
McCleave, Oatman, Ogden, Welch,
and Beckwith.
Play in the interclass tennis
tournament has been proceeding
slowly, according to Intramural
Director Davis, because of the
failure of some of the class teams
to show up on time. The matches
are lagging behind the schedule,
and it has taken several days to
complete some of the tournaments.
So far, the freahmen have de
feated the sophomores, and sen
iors have downed the juniors. The
juniors and freshmen settle their
differences on the varsity courts
this afternoon at 1:30. Hinckley,
Deßack, Mannoccir, Leeds, Grep
pin, McHose, Hofflund, Edwards,
and Huneke are on the junior
squad. The first year men will be
represented by Fairchild, Coffin,
McCleave, Oatman, Ogden, Welch,
and Beckwith.
Play in the interclass tennis
tournament has been proceeding
slowly, according to Intramural
Director Davis, because of the
failure of some of the class teams
to show up on time. The matches
are lagging behind the schedule,
and it has taken several days to
complete some of the tournaments.
So far, the freahmen have de
feated the sophomores, and sen
iors have downed the juniors. The
juniors and freshmen settle their
differences on the varsity courts
this afternoon at 1:30. Hinckley,
Deßack, Mannoccir, Leeds, Grep
pin, McHose, Hofflund, Edwards,
and Huneke are on the junior
squad. The first year men will be
represented by Fairchild, Coffin,
McCleave, Oatman, Ogden, Welch,
and Beckwith.
