# The 						Changelings
## 
### 
Despite an unfortunate choice in the
play. Henry Miller and Blanche Bates
again score a dramatic triumph in "The
Changelings.." Their present production
presents a direct contrast to their great
success of two seasons ago, "Moliere,"
the magnificent story of the beautiful
Madame de Montespan, favorite of Louis
XIV, and the great French playwright.
In "The Changelings," Lee Wilson Dodd
devoted his entire genius to the writing
of a magnificent first act; acts two and
three, with the exception of the epilogue,
are totally without sign of that genius.
The elements of the plot, however, are
good. The play is built up around three
couples: two groups of parents and their
married children and the "deep-dyed vil
lain." The daughter of the wealthy pub
lisher and the son of his literary adviser
are unhappily married and as the result
of a quarrel, the daughter pretends to
admire a well-known "lady killer." The
girl's mother and the boy's father in
tercede on her behalf, while the boy's
mother and the girl's father ally them
selves on the side of the young husband.
As a result of the quarrel, each group
seems to discover that they have been
mismated, but in their readjustments,
even unhappier complications arise, and
at length all realize their foolishness
and return again to their old relations.
The final epilogue, in which the author
again rises to the greatness of his Hrst
act. shows the old happiness returned
once more. The acting and characteri
zations are brilliant. Under the leader
ship of the two principals, Ruth Chat
terton ,Laura Hope Crews, Geoffrey.
Kerrm, Felix Krembs, and John Miltern.
present excellent pieces of work: Hynry
Miller and Miss Bates, however, give
the most outstanding bits of characteri
zation. In all, we may well confess that
the, excellent cast of "The Changelings"
save this play from what might have
'been a terrible failure. The inadequacy
of after the first act is made
up for by the brilliant work of an ex
traordinarily capable cast. "The Change
lings" in spite of all, will be a popular
hit.
' L. K:
Despite an unfortunate choice in the
play. Henry Miller and Blanche Bates
again score a dramatic triumph in "The
Changelings.." Their present production
presents a direct contrast to their great
success of two seasons ago, "Moliere,"
the magnificent story of the beautiful
Madame de Montespan, favorite of Louis
XIV, and the great French playwright.
In "The Changelings," Lee Wilson Dodd
devoted his entire genius to the writing
of a magnificent first act; acts two and
three, with the exception of the epilogue,
are totally without sign of that genius.
The elements of the plot, however, are
good. The play is built up around three
couples: two groups of parents and their
married children and the "deep-dyed vil
lain." The daughter of the wealthy pub
lisher and the son of his literary adviser
are unhappily married and as the result
of a quarrel, the daughter pretends to
admire a well-known "lady killer." The
girl's mother and the boy's father in
tercede on her behalf, while the boy's
mother and the girl's father ally them
selves on the side of the young husband.
As a result of the quarrel, each group
seems to discover that they have been
mismated, but in their readjustments,
even unhappier complications arise, and
at length all realize their foolishness
and return again to their old relations.
The final epilogue, in which the author
again rises to the greatness of his Hrst
act. shows the old happiness returned
once more. The acting and characteri
zations are brilliant. Under the leader
ship of the two principals, Ruth Chat
terton ,Laura Hope Crews, Geoffrey.
Kerrm, Felix Krembs, and John Miltern.
present excellent pieces of work: Hynry
Miller and Miss Bates, however, give
the most outstanding bits of characteri
zation. In all, we may well confess that
the, excellent cast of "The Changelings"
save this play from what might have
'been a terrible failure. The inadequacy
of after the first act is made
up for by the brilliant work of an ex
traordinarily capable cast. "The Change
lings" in spite of all, will be a popular
hit.
' L. K:
Despite an unfortunate choice in the
play. Henry Miller and Blanche Bates
again score a dramatic triumph in "The
Changelings.." Their present production
presents a direct contrast to their great
success of two seasons ago, "Moliere,"
the magnificent story of the beautiful
Madame de Montespan, favorite of Louis
XIV, and the great French playwright.
In "The Changelings," Lee Wilson Dodd
devoted his entire genius to the writing
of a magnificent first act; acts two and
three, with the exception of the epilogue,
are totally without sign of that genius.
The elements of the plot, however, are
good. The play is built up around three
couples: two groups of parents and their
married children and the "deep-dyed vil
lain." The daughter of the wealthy pub
lisher and the son of his literary adviser
are unhappily married and as the result
of a quarrel, the daughter pretends to
admire a well-known "lady killer." The
girl's mother and the boy's father in
tercede on her behalf, while the boy's
mother and the girl's father ally them
selves on the side of the young husband.
As a result of the quarrel, each group
seems to discover that they have been
mismated, but in their readjustments,
even unhappier complications arise, and
at length all realize their foolishness
and return again to their old relations.
The final epilogue, in which the author
again rises to the greatness of his Hrst
act. shows the old happiness returned
once more. The acting and characteri
zations are brilliant. Under the leader
ship of the two principals, Ruth Chat
terton ,Laura Hope Crews, Geoffrey.
Kerrm, Felix Krembs, and John Miltern.
present excellent pieces of work: Hynry
Miller and Miss Bates, however, give
the most outstanding bits of characteri
zation. In all, we may well confess that
the, excellent cast of "The Changelings"
save this play from what might have
'been a terrible failure. The inadequacy
of after the first act is made
up for by the brilliant work of an ex
traordinarily capable cast. "The Change
lings" in spite of all, will be a popular
hit.
' L. K:
Despite an unfortunate choice in the
play. Henry Miller and Blanche Bates
again score a dramatic triumph in "The
Changelings.." Their present production
presents a direct contrast to their great
success of two seasons ago, "Moliere,"
the magnificent story of the beautiful
Madame de Montespan, favorite of Louis
XIV, and the great French playwright.
In "The Changelings," Lee Wilson Dodd
devoted his entire genius to the writing
of a magnificent first act; acts two and
three, with the exception of the epilogue,
are totally without sign of that genius.
The elements of the plot, however, are
good. The play is built up around three
couples: two groups of parents and their
married children and the "deep-dyed vil
lain." The daughter of the wealthy pub
lisher and the son of his literary adviser
are unhappily married and as the result
of a quarrel, the daughter pretends to
admire a well-known "lady killer." The
girl's mother and the boy's father in
tercede on her behalf, while the boy's
mother and the girl's father ally them
selves on the side of the young husband.
As a result of the quarrel, each group
seems to discover that they have been
mismated, but in their readjustments,
even unhappier complications arise, and
at length all realize their foolishness
and return again to their old relations.
The final epilogue, in which the author
again rises to the greatness of his Hrst
act. shows the old happiness returned
once more. The acting and characteri
zations are brilliant. Under the leader
ship of the two principals, Ruth Chat
terton ,Laura Hope Crews, Geoffrey.
Kerrm, Felix Krembs, and John Miltern.
present excellent pieces of work: Hynry
Miller and Miss Bates, however, give
the most outstanding bits of characteri
zation. In all, we may well confess that
the, excellent cast of "The Changelings"
save this play from what might have
'been a terrible failure. The inadequacy
of after the first act is made
up for by the brilliant work of an ex
traordinarily capable cast. "The Change
lings" in spite of all, will be a popular
hit.
' L. K:
Despite an unfortunate choice in the
play. Henry Miller and Blanche Bates
again score a dramatic triumph in "The
Changelings.." Their present production
presents a direct contrast to their great
success of two seasons ago, "Moliere,"
the magnificent story of the beautiful
Madame de Montespan, favorite of Louis
XIV, and the great French playwright.
In "The Changelings," Lee Wilson Dodd
devoted his entire genius to the writing
of a magnificent first act; acts two and
three, with the exception of the epilogue,
are totally without sign of that genius.
The elements of the plot, however, are
good. The play is built up around three
couples: two groups of parents and their
married children and the "deep-dyed vil
lain." The daughter of the wealthy pub
lisher and the son of his literary adviser
are unhappily married and as the result
of a quarrel, the daughter pretends to
admire a well-known "lady killer." The
girl's mother and the boy's father in
tercede on her behalf, while the boy's
mother and the girl's father ally them
selves on the side of the young husband.
As a result of the quarrel, each group
seems to discover that they have been
mismated, but in their readjustments,
even unhappier complications arise, and
at length all realize their foolishness
and return again to their old relations.
The final epilogue, in which the author
again rises to the greatness of his Hrst
act. shows the old happiness returned
once more. The acting and characteri
zations are brilliant. Under the leader
ship of the two principals, Ruth Chat
terton ,Laura Hope Crews, Geoffrey.
Kerrm, Felix Krembs, and John Miltern.
present excellent pieces of work: Hynry
Miller and Miss Bates, however, give
the most outstanding bits of characteri
zation. In all, we may well confess that
the, excellent cast of "The Changelings"
save this play from what might have
'been a terrible failure. The inadequacy
of after the first act is made
up for by the brilliant work of an ex
traordinarily capable cast. "The Change
lings" in spite of all, will be a popular
hit.
' L. K:
Despite an unfortunate choice in the
play. Henry Miller and Blanche Bates
again score a dramatic triumph in "The
Changelings.." Their present production
presents a direct contrast to their great
success of two seasons ago, "Moliere,"
the magnificent story of the beautiful
Madame de Montespan, favorite of Louis
XIV, and the great French playwright.
In "The Changelings," Lee Wilson Dodd
devoted his entire genius to the writing
of a magnificent first act; acts two and
three, with the exception of the epilogue,
are totally without sign of that genius.
The elements of the plot, however, are
good. The play is built up around three
couples: two groups of parents and their
married children and the "deep-dyed vil
lain." The daughter of the wealthy pub
lisher and the son of his literary adviser
are unhappily married and as the result
of a quarrel, the daughter pretends to
admire a well-known "lady killer." The
girl's mother and the boy's father in
tercede on her behalf, while the boy's
mother and the girl's father ally them
selves on the side of the young husband.
As a result of the quarrel, each group
seems to discover that they have been
mismated, but in their readjustments,
even unhappier complications arise, and
at length all realize their foolishness
and return again to their old relations.
The final epilogue, in which the author
again rises to the greatness of his Hrst
act. shows the old happiness returned
once more. The acting and characteri
zations are brilliant. Under the leader
ship of the two principals, Ruth Chat
terton ,Laura Hope Crews, Geoffrey.
Kerrm, Felix Krembs, and John Miltern.
present excellent pieces of work: Hynry
Miller and Miss Bates, however, give
the most outstanding bits of characteri
zation. In all, we may well confess that
the, excellent cast of "The Changelings"
save this play from what might have
'been a terrible failure. The inadequacy
of after the first act is made
up for by the brilliant work of an ex
traordinarily capable cast. "The Change
lings" in spite of all, will be a popular
hit.
' L. K:
Despite an unfortunate choice in the
play. Henry Miller and Blanche Bates
again score a dramatic triumph in "The
Changelings.." Their present production
presents a direct contrast to their great
success of two seasons ago, "Moliere,"
the magnificent story of the beautiful
Madame de Montespan, favorite of Louis
XIV, and the great French playwright.
In "The Changelings," Lee Wilson Dodd
devoted his entire genius to the writing
of a magnificent first act; acts two and
three, with the exception of the epilogue,
are totally without sign of that genius.
The elements of the plot, however, are
good. The play is built up around three
couples: two groups of parents and their
married children and the "deep-dyed vil
lain." The daughter of the wealthy pub
lisher and the son of his literary adviser
are unhappily married and as the result
of a quarrel, the daughter pretends to
admire a well-known "lady killer." The
girl's mother and the boy's father in
tercede on her behalf, while the boy's
mother and the girl's father ally them
selves on the side of the young husband.
As a result of the quarrel, each group
seems to discover that they have been
mismated, but in their readjustments,
even unhappier complications arise, and
at length all realize their foolishness
and return again to their old relations.
The final epilogue, in which the author
again rises to the greatness of his Hrst
act. shows the old happiness returned
once more. The acting and characteri
zations are brilliant. Under the leader
ship of the two principals, Ruth Chat
terton ,Laura Hope Crews, Geoffrey.
Kerrm, Felix Krembs, and John Miltern.
present excellent pieces of work: Hynry
Miller and Miss Bates, however, give
the most outstanding bits of characteri
zation. In all, we may well confess that
the, excellent cast of "The Changelings"
save this play from what might have
'been a terrible failure. The inadequacy
of after the first act is made
up for by the brilliant work of an ex
traordinarily capable cast. "The Change
lings" in spite of all, will be a popular
hit.
' L. K:
Despite an unfortunate choice in the
play. Henry Miller and Blanche Bates
again score a dramatic triumph in "The
Changelings.." Their present production
presents a direct contrast to their great
success of two seasons ago, "Moliere,"
the magnificent story of the beautiful
Madame de Montespan, favorite of Louis
XIV, and the great French playwright.
In "The Changelings," Lee Wilson Dodd
devoted his entire genius to the writing
of a magnificent first act; acts two and
three, with the exception of the epilogue,
are totally without sign of that genius.
The elements of the plot, however, are
good. The play is built up around three
couples: two groups of parents and their
married children and the "deep-dyed vil
lain." The daughter of the wealthy pub
lisher and the son of his literary adviser
are unhappily married and as the result
of a quarrel, the daughter pretends to
admire a well-known "lady killer." The
girl's mother and the boy's father in
tercede on her behalf, while the boy's
mother and the girl's father ally them
selves on the side of the young husband.
As a result of the quarrel, each group
seems to discover that they have been
mismated, but in their readjustments,
even unhappier complications arise, and
at length all realize their foolishness
and return again to their old relations.
The final epilogue, in which the author
again rises to the greatness of his Hrst
act. shows the old happiness returned
once more. The acting and characteri
zations are brilliant. Under the leader
ship of the two principals, Ruth Chat
terton ,Laura Hope Crews, Geoffrey.
Kerrm, Felix Krembs, and John Miltern.
present excellent pieces of work: Hynry
Miller and Miss Bates, however, give
the most outstanding bits of characteri
zation. In all, we may well confess that
the, excellent cast of "The Changelings"
save this play from what might have
'been a terrible failure. The inadequacy
of after the first act is made
up for by the brilliant work of an ex
traordinarily capable cast. "The Change
lings" in spite of all, will be a popular
hit.
' L. K:
Despite an unfortunate choice in the
play. Henry Miller and Blanche Bates
again score a dramatic triumph in "The
Changelings.." Their present production
presents a direct contrast to their great
success of two seasons ago, "Moliere,"
the magnificent story of the beautiful
Madame de Montespan, favorite of Louis
XIV, and the great French playwright.
In "The Changelings," Lee Wilson Dodd
devoted his entire genius to the writing
of a magnificent first act; acts two and
three, with the exception of the epilogue,
are totally without sign of that genius.
The elements of the plot, however, are
good. The play is built up around three
couples: two groups of parents and their
married children and the "deep-dyed vil
lain." The daughter of the wealthy pub
lisher and the son of his literary adviser
are unhappily married and as the result
of a quarrel, the daughter pretends to
admire a well-known "lady killer." The
girl's mother and the boy's father in
tercede on her behalf, while the boy's
mother and the girl's father ally them
selves on the side of the young husband.
As a result of the quarrel, each group
seems to discover that they have been
mismated, but in their readjustments,
even unhappier complications arise, and
at length all realize their foolishness
and return again to their old relations.
The final epilogue, in which the author
again rises to the greatness of his Hrst
act. shows the old happiness returned
once more. The acting and characteri
zations are brilliant. Under the leader
ship of the two principals, Ruth Chat
terton ,Laura Hope Crews, Geoffrey.
Kerrm, Felix Krembs, and John Miltern.
present excellent pieces of work: Hynry
Miller and Miss Bates, however, give
the most outstanding bits of characteri
zation. In all, we may well confess that
the, excellent cast of "The Changelings"
save this play from what might have
'been a terrible failure. The inadequacy
of after the first act is made
up for by the brilliant work of an ex
traordinarily capable cast. "The Change
lings" in spite of all, will be a popular
hit.
' L. K:
Despite an unfortunate choice in the
play. Henry Miller and Blanche Bates
again score a dramatic triumph in "The
Changelings.." Their present production
presents a direct contrast to their great
success of two seasons ago, "Moliere,"
the magnificent story of the beautiful
Madame de Montespan, favorite of Louis
XIV, and the great French playwright.
In "The Changelings," Lee Wilson Dodd
devoted his entire genius to the writing
of a magnificent first act; acts two and
three, with the exception of the epilogue,
are totally without sign of that genius.
The elements of the plot, however, are
good. The play is built up around three
couples: two groups of parents and their
married children and the "deep-dyed vil
lain." The daughter of the wealthy pub
lisher and the son of his literary adviser
are unhappily married and as the result
of a quarrel, the daughter pretends to
admire a well-known "lady killer." The
girl's mother and the boy's father in
tercede on her behalf, while the boy's
mother and the girl's father ally them
selves on the side of the young husband.
As a result of the quarrel, each group
seems to discover that they have been
mismated, but in their readjustments,
even unhappier complications arise, and
at length all realize their foolishness
and return again to their old relations.
The final epilogue, in which the author
again rises to the greatness of his Hrst
act. shows the old happiness returned
once more. The acting and characteri
zations are brilliant. Under the leader
ship of the two principals, Ruth Chat
terton ,Laura Hope Crews, Geoffrey.
Kerrm, Felix Krembs, and John Miltern.
present excellent pieces of work: Hynry
Miller and Miss Bates, however, give
the most outstanding bits of characteri
zation. In all, we may well confess that
the, excellent cast of "The Changelings"
save this play from what might have
'been a terrible failure. The inadequacy
of after the first act is made
up for by the brilliant work of an ex
traordinarily capable cast. "The Change
lings" in spite of all, will be a popular
hit.
' L. K:
Despite an unfortunate choice in the
play. Henry Miller and Blanche Bates
again score a dramatic triumph in "The
Changelings.." Their present production
presents a direct contrast to their great
success of two seasons ago, "Moliere,"
the magnificent story of the beautiful
Madame de Montespan, favorite of Louis
XIV, and the great French playwright.
In "The Changelings," Lee Wilson Dodd
devoted his entire genius to the writing
of a magnificent first act; acts two and
three, with the exception of the epilogue,
are totally without sign of that genius.
The elements of the plot, however, are
good. The play is built up around three
couples: two groups of parents and their
married children and the "deep-dyed vil
lain." The daughter of the wealthy pub
lisher and the son of his literary adviser
are unhappily married and as the result
of a quarrel, the daughter pretends to
admire a well-known "lady killer." The
girl's mother and the boy's father in
tercede on her behalf, while the boy's
mother and the girl's father ally them
selves on the side of the young husband.
As a result of the quarrel, each group
seems to discover that they have been
mismated, but in their readjustments,
even unhappier complications arise, and
at length all realize their foolishness
and return again to their old relations.
The final epilogue, in which the author
again rises to the greatness of his Hrst
act. shows the old happiness returned
once more. The acting and characteri
zations are brilliant. Under the leader
ship of the two principals, Ruth Chat
terton ,Laura Hope Crews, Geoffrey.
Kerrm, Felix Krembs, and John Miltern.
present excellent pieces of work: Hynry
Miller and Miss Bates, however, give
the most outstanding bits of characteri
zation. In all, we may well confess that
the, excellent cast of "The Changelings"
save this play from what might have
'been a terrible failure. The inadequacy
of after the first act is made
up for by the brilliant work of an ex
traordinarily capable cast. "The Change
lings" in spite of all, will be a popular
hit.
' L. K:
Despite an unfortunate choice in the
play. Henry Miller and Blanche Bates
again score a dramatic triumph in "The
Changelings.." Their present production
presents a direct contrast to their great
success of two seasons ago, "Moliere,"
the magnificent story of the beautiful
Madame de Montespan, favorite of Louis
XIV, and the great French playwright.
In "The Changelings," Lee Wilson Dodd
devoted his entire genius to the writing
of a magnificent first act; acts two and
three, with the exception of the epilogue,
are totally without sign of that genius.
The elements of the plot, however, are
good. The play is built up around three
couples: two groups of parents and their
married children and the "deep-dyed vil
lain." The daughter of the wealthy pub
lisher and the son of his literary adviser
are unhappily married and as the result
of a quarrel, the daughter pretends to
admire a well-known "lady killer." The
girl's mother and the boy's father in
tercede on her behalf, while the boy's
mother and the girl's father ally them
selves on the side of the young husband.
As a result of the quarrel, each group
seems to discover that they have been
mismated, but in their readjustments,
even unhappier complications arise, and
at length all realize their foolishness
and return again to their old relations.
The final epilogue, in which the author
again rises to the greatness of his Hrst
act. shows the old happiness returned
once more. The acting and characteri
zations are brilliant. Under the leader
ship of the two principals, Ruth Chat
terton ,Laura Hope Crews, Geoffrey.
Kerrm, Felix Krembs, and John Miltern.
present excellent pieces of work: Hynry
Miller and Miss Bates, however, give
the most outstanding bits of characteri
zation. In all, we may well confess that
the, excellent cast of "The Changelings"
save this play from what might have
'been a terrible failure. The inadequacy
of after the first act is made
up for by the brilliant work of an ex
traordinarily capable cast. "The Change
lings" in spite of all, will be a popular
hit.
' L. K:
Despite an unfortunate choice in the
play. Henry Miller and Blanche Bates
again score a dramatic triumph in "The
Changelings.." Their present production
presents a direct contrast to their great
success of two seasons ago, "Moliere,"
the magnificent story of the beautiful
Madame de Montespan, favorite of Louis
XIV, and the great French playwright.
In "The Changelings," Lee Wilson Dodd
devoted his entire genius to the writing
of a magnificent first act; acts two and
three, with the exception of the epilogue,
are totally without sign of that genius.
The elements of the plot, however, are
good. The play is built up around three
couples: two groups of parents and their
married children and the "deep-dyed vil
lain." The daughter of the wealthy pub
lisher and the son of his literary adviser
are unhappily married and as the result
of a quarrel, the daughter pretends to
admire a well-known "lady killer." The
girl's mother and the boy's father in
tercede on her behalf, while the boy's
mother and the girl's father ally them
selves on the side of the young husband.
As a result of the quarrel, each group
seems to discover that they have been
mismated, but in their readjustments,
even unhappier complications arise, and
at length all realize their foolishness
and return again to their old relations.
The final epilogue, in which the author
again rises to the greatness of his Hrst
act. shows the old happiness returned
once more. The acting and characteri
zations are brilliant. Under the leader
ship of the two principals, Ruth Chat
terton ,Laura Hope Crews, Geoffrey.
Kerrm, Felix Krembs, and John Miltern.
present excellent pieces of work: Hynry
Miller and Miss Bates, however, give
the most outstanding bits of characteri
zation. In all, we may well confess that
the, excellent cast of "The Changelings"
save this play from what might have
'been a terrible failure. The inadequacy
of after the first act is made
up for by the brilliant work of an ex
traordinarily capable cast. "The Change
lings" in spite of all, will be a popular
hit.
' L. K:
Despite an unfortunate choice in the
play. Henry Miller and Blanche Bates
again score a dramatic triumph in "The
Changelings.." Their present production
presents a direct contrast to their great
success of two seasons ago, "Moliere,"
the magnificent story of the beautiful
Madame de Montespan, favorite of Louis
XIV, and the great French playwright.
In "The Changelings," Lee Wilson Dodd
devoted his entire genius to the writing
of a magnificent first act; acts two and
three, with the exception of the epilogue,
are totally without sign of that genius.
The elements of the plot, however, are
good. The play is built up around three
couples: two groups of parents and their
married children and the "deep-dyed vil
lain." The daughter of the wealthy pub
lisher and the son of his literary adviser
are unhappily married and as the result
of a quarrel, the daughter pretends to
admire a well-known "lady killer." The
girl's mother and the boy's father in
tercede on her behalf, while the boy's
mother and the girl's father ally them
selves on the side of the young husband.
As a result of the quarrel, each group
seems to discover that they have been
mismated, but in their readjustments,
even unhappier complications arise, and
at length all realize their foolishness
and return again to their old relations.
The final epilogue, in which the author
again rises to the greatness of his Hrst
act. shows the old happiness returned
once more. The acting and characteri
zations are brilliant. Under the leader
ship of the two principals, Ruth Chat
terton ,Laura Hope Crews, Geoffrey.
Kerrm, Felix Krembs, and John Miltern.
present excellent pieces of work: Hynry
Miller and Miss Bates, however, give
the most outstanding bits of characteri
zation. In all, we may well confess that
the, excellent cast of "The Changelings"
save this play from what might have
'been a terrible failure. The inadequacy
of after the first act is made
up for by the brilliant work of an ex
traordinarily capable cast. "The Change
lings" in spite of all, will be a popular
hit.
' L. K:
Despite an unfortunate choice in the
play. Henry Miller and Blanche Bates
again score a dramatic triumph in "The
Changelings.." Their present production
presents a direct contrast to their great
success of two seasons ago, "Moliere,"
the magnificent story of the beautiful
Madame de Montespan, favorite of Louis
XIV, and the great French playwright.
In "The Changelings," Lee Wilson Dodd
devoted his entire genius to the writing
of a magnificent first act; acts two and
three, with the exception of the epilogue,
are totally without sign of that genius.
The elements of the plot, however, are
good. The play is built up around three
couples: two groups of parents and their
married children and the "deep-dyed vil
lain." The daughter of the wealthy pub
lisher and the son of his literary adviser
are unhappily married and as the result
of a quarrel, the daughter pretends to
admire a well-known "lady killer." The
girl's mother and the boy's father in
tercede on her behalf, while the boy's
mother and the girl's father ally them
selves on the side of the young husband.
As a result of the quarrel, each group
seems to discover that they have been
mismated, but in their readjustments,
even unhappier complications arise, and
at length all realize their foolishness
and return again to their old relations.
The final epilogue, in which the author
again rises to the greatness of his Hrst
act. shows the old happiness returned
once more. The acting and characteri
zations are brilliant. Under the leader
ship of the two principals, Ruth Chat
terton ,Laura Hope Crews, Geoffrey.
Kerrm, Felix Krembs, and John Miltern.
present excellent pieces of work: Hynry
Miller and Miss Bates, however, give
the most outstanding bits of characteri
zation. In all, we may well confess that
the, excellent cast of "The Changelings"
save this play from what might have
'been a terrible failure. The inadequacy
of after the first act is made
up for by the brilliant work of an ex
traordinarily capable cast. "The Change
lings" in spite of all, will be a popular
hit.
' L. K:
