# STANFORD SWIMMERS ENTERED IN PACIFIC CITY COMPETITION
## 
### 
Stanford swimming men will be seen
in action again next Sunday at Pacific
City, where four national junior cham
pionships will he decided. The four
titles at stake arc the 220-yard free
style for men, 220-yard free-style for
women, 220-yard breaststroke for men,
and 220-ard breaststroke for women. A
special course 55 yards long and 50 feet
wide is under construction for the meet.
Stanford will not be represented as a
team, but several of the Cardinal tank
stars will compctc independently. Wal
lace O'Connor, the sensational freshman
swimmer, will compete in the 220-yard
free-style, and Eric Kraemer will com
pete in the breaststroke event.
The best paddlers on the coast will be
seen in action at Pacific City and some
keen competition should result. Several
entries are expected from Los Angeles,
Venice, and the Ambassador Clubs.
Stanford swimming men will be seen
in action again next Sunday at Pacific
City, where four national junior cham
pionships will he decided. The four
titles at stake arc the 220-yard free
style for men, 220-yard free-style for
women, 220-yard breaststroke for men,
and 220-ard breaststroke for women. A
special course 55 yards long and 50 feet
wide is under construction for the meet.
Stanford will not be represented as a
team, but several of the Cardinal tank
stars will compctc independently. Wal
lace O'Connor, the sensational freshman
swimmer, will compete in the 220-yard
free-style, and Eric Kraemer will com
pete in the breaststroke event.
The best paddlers on the coast will be
seen in action at Pacific City and some
keen competition should result. Several
entries are expected from Los Angeles,
Venice, and the Ambassador Clubs.
Stanford swimming men will be seen
in action again next Sunday at Pacific
City, where four national junior cham
pionships will he decided. The four
titles at stake arc the 220-yard free
style for men, 220-yard free-style for
women, 220-yard breaststroke for men,
and 220-ard breaststroke for women. A
special course 55 yards long and 50 feet
wide is under construction for the meet.
Stanford will not be represented as a
team, but several of the Cardinal tank
stars will compctc independently. Wal
lace O'Connor, the sensational freshman
swimmer, will compete in the 220-yard
free-style, and Eric Kraemer will com
pete in the breaststroke event.
The best paddlers on the coast will be
seen in action at Pacific City and some
keen competition should result. Several
entries are expected from Los Angeles,
Venice, and the Ambassador Clubs.
Stanford swimming men will be seen
in action again next Sunday at Pacific
City, where four national junior cham
pionships will he decided. The four
titles at stake arc the 220-yard free
style for men, 220-yard free-style for
women, 220-yard breaststroke for men,
and 220-ard breaststroke for women. A
special course 55 yards long and 50 feet
wide is under construction for the meet.
Stanford will not be represented as a
team, but several of the Cardinal tank
stars will compctc independently. Wal
lace O'Connor, the sensational freshman
swimmer, will compete in the 220-yard
free-style, and Eric Kraemer will com
pete in the breaststroke event.
The best paddlers on the coast will be
seen in action at Pacific City and some
keen competition should result. Several
entries are expected from Los Angeles,
Venice, and the Ambassador Clubs.
Stanford swimming men will be seen
in action again next Sunday at Pacific
City, where four national junior cham
pionships will he decided. The four
titles at stake arc the 220-yard free
style for men, 220-yard free-style for
women, 220-yard breaststroke for men,
and 220-ard breaststroke for women. A
special course 55 yards long and 50 feet
wide is under construction for the meet.
Stanford will not be represented as a
team, but several of the Cardinal tank
stars will compctc independently. Wal
lace O'Connor, the sensational freshman
swimmer, will compete in the 220-yard
free-style, and Eric Kraemer will com
pete in the breaststroke event.
The best paddlers on the coast will be
seen in action at Pacific City and some
keen competition should result. Several
entries are expected from Los Angeles,
Venice, and the Ambassador Clubs.
Stanford swimming men will be seen
in action again next Sunday at Pacific
City, where four national junior cham
pionships will he decided. The four
titles at stake arc the 220-yard free
style for men, 220-yard free-style for
women, 220-yard breaststroke for men,
and 220-ard breaststroke for women. A
special course 55 yards long and 50 feet
wide is under construction for the meet.
Stanford will not be represented as a
team, but several of the Cardinal tank
stars will compctc independently. Wal
lace O'Connor, the sensational freshman
swimmer, will compete in the 220-yard
free-style, and Eric Kraemer will com
pete in the breaststroke event.
The best paddlers on the coast will be
seen in action at Pacific City and some
keen competition should result. Several
entries are expected from Los Angeles,
Venice, and the Ambassador Clubs.
Stanford swimming men will be seen
in action again next Sunday at Pacific
City, where four national junior cham
pionships will he decided. The four
titles at stake arc the 220-yard free
style for men, 220-yard free-style for
women, 220-yard breaststroke for men,
and 220-ard breaststroke for women. A
special course 55 yards long and 50 feet
wide is under construction for the meet.
Stanford will not be represented as a
team, but several of the Cardinal tank
stars will compctc independently. Wal
lace O'Connor, the sensational freshman
swimmer, will compete in the 220-yard
free-style, and Eric Kraemer will com
pete in the breaststroke event.
The best paddlers on the coast will be
seen in action at Pacific City and some
keen competition should result. Several
entries are expected from Los Angeles,
Venice, and the Ambassador Clubs.
Stanford swimming men will be seen
in action again next Sunday at Pacific
City, where four national junior cham
pionships will he decided. The four
titles at stake arc the 220-yard free
style for men, 220-yard free-style for
women, 220-yard breaststroke for men,
and 220-ard breaststroke for women. A
special course 55 yards long and 50 feet
wide is under construction for the meet.
Stanford will not be represented as a
team, but several of the Cardinal tank
stars will compctc independently. Wal
lace O'Connor, the sensational freshman
swimmer, will compete in the 220-yard
free-style, and Eric Kraemer will com
pete in the breaststroke event.
The best paddlers on the coast will be
seen in action at Pacific City and some
keen competition should result. Several
entries are expected from Los Angeles,
Venice, and the Ambassador Clubs.
Stanford swimming men will be seen
in action again next Sunday at Pacific
City, where four national junior cham
pionships will he decided. The four
titles at stake arc the 220-yard free
style for men, 220-yard free-style for
women, 220-yard breaststroke for men,
and 220-ard breaststroke for women. A
special course 55 yards long and 50 feet
wide is under construction for the meet.
Stanford will not be represented as a
team, but several of the Cardinal tank
stars will compctc independently. Wal
lace O'Connor, the sensational freshman
swimmer, will compete in the 220-yard
free-style, and Eric Kraemer will com
pete in the breaststroke event.
The best paddlers on the coast will be
seen in action at Pacific City and some
keen competition should result. Several
entries are expected from Los Angeles,
Venice, and the Ambassador Clubs.
Stanford swimming men will be seen
in action again next Sunday at Pacific
City, where four national junior cham
pionships will he decided. The four
titles at stake arc the 220-yard free
style for men, 220-yard free-style for
women, 220-yard breaststroke for men,
and 220-ard breaststroke for women. A
special course 55 yards long and 50 feet
wide is under construction for the meet.
Stanford will not be represented as a
team, but several of the Cardinal tank
stars will compctc independently. Wal
lace O'Connor, the sensational freshman
swimmer, will compete in the 220-yard
free-style, and Eric Kraemer will com
pete in the breaststroke event.
The best paddlers on the coast will be
seen in action at Pacific City and some
keen competition should result. Several
entries are expected from Los Angeles,
Venice, and the Ambassador Clubs.
Stanford swimming men will be seen
in action again next Sunday at Pacific
City, where four national junior cham
pionships will he decided. The four
titles at stake arc the 220-yard free
style for men, 220-yard free-style for
women, 220-yard breaststroke for men,
and 220-ard breaststroke for women. A
special course 55 yards long and 50 feet
wide is under construction for the meet.
Stanford will not be represented as a
team, but several of the Cardinal tank
stars will compctc independently. Wal
lace O'Connor, the sensational freshman
swimmer, will compete in the 220-yard
free-style, and Eric Kraemer will com
pete in the breaststroke event.
The best paddlers on the coast will be
seen in action at Pacific City and some
keen competition should result. Several
entries are expected from Los Angeles,
Venice, and the Ambassador Clubs.
Stanford swimming men will be seen
in action again next Sunday at Pacific
City, where four national junior cham
pionships will he decided. The four
titles at stake arc the 220-yard free
style for men, 220-yard free-style for
women, 220-yard breaststroke for men,
and 220-ard breaststroke for women. A
special course 55 yards long and 50 feet
wide is under construction for the meet.
Stanford will not be represented as a
team, but several of the Cardinal tank
stars will compctc independently. Wal
lace O'Connor, the sensational freshman
swimmer, will compete in the 220-yard
free-style, and Eric Kraemer will com
pete in the breaststroke event.
The best paddlers on the coast will be
seen in action at Pacific City and some
keen competition should result. Several
entries are expected from Los Angeles,
Venice, and the Ambassador Clubs.
Stanford swimming men will be seen
in action again next Sunday at Pacific
City, where four national junior cham
pionships will he decided. The four
titles at stake arc the 220-yard free
style for men, 220-yard free-style for
women, 220-yard breaststroke for men,
and 220-ard breaststroke for women. A
special course 55 yards long and 50 feet
wide is under construction for the meet.
Stanford will not be represented as a
team, but several of the Cardinal tank
stars will compctc independently. Wal
lace O'Connor, the sensational freshman
swimmer, will compete in the 220-yard
free-style, and Eric Kraemer will com
pete in the breaststroke event.
The best paddlers on the coast will be
seen in action at Pacific City and some
keen competition should result. Several
entries are expected from Los Angeles,
Venice, and the Ambassador Clubs.
Stanford swimming men will be seen
in action again next Sunday at Pacific
City, where four national junior cham
pionships will he decided. The four
titles at stake arc the 220-yard free
style for men, 220-yard free-style for
women, 220-yard breaststroke for men,
and 220-ard breaststroke for women. A
special course 55 yards long and 50 feet
wide is under construction for the meet.
Stanford will not be represented as a
team, but several of the Cardinal tank
stars will compctc independently. Wal
lace O'Connor, the sensational freshman
swimmer, will compete in the 220-yard
free-style, and Eric Kraemer will com
pete in the breaststroke event.
The best paddlers on the coast will be
seen in action at Pacific City and some
keen competition should result. Several
entries are expected from Los Angeles,
Venice, and the Ambassador Clubs.
Stanford swimming men will be seen
in action again next Sunday at Pacific
City, where four national junior cham
pionships will he decided. The four
titles at stake arc the 220-yard free
style for men, 220-yard free-style for
women, 220-yard breaststroke for men,
and 220-ard breaststroke for women. A
special course 55 yards long and 50 feet
wide is under construction for the meet.
Stanford will not be represented as a
team, but several of the Cardinal tank
stars will compctc independently. Wal
lace O'Connor, the sensational freshman
swimmer, will compete in the 220-yard
free-style, and Eric Kraemer will com
pete in the breaststroke event.
The best paddlers on the coast will be
seen in action at Pacific City and some
keen competition should result. Several
entries are expected from Los Angeles,
Venice, and the Ambassador Clubs.
