# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
* INDIANS*
i
The laws of supply
and demand govern
economics, so the
Bus.Ad. men say.
We say you can
demand any time
you feel like it, even
if you don’t have the
cash. Use the
Roos Atkins SUPER/
■
■
■
■
I
I
CHARGE! Take a
long time to pay after
nothing down. Open
one with a Reg. Card.
roqs/atkins
* INDIANS*
i
The laws of supply
and demand govern
economics, so the
Bus.Ad. men say.
We say you can
demand any time
you feel like it, even
if you don’t have the
cash. Use the
Roos Atkins SUPER/
■
■
■
■
I
I
CHARGE! Take a
long time to pay after
nothing down. Open
one with a Reg. Card.
roqs/atkins
* INDIANS*
i
The laws of supply
and demand govern
economics, so the
Bus.Ad. men say.
We say you can
demand any time
you feel like it, even
if you don’t have the
cash. Use the
Roos Atkins SUPER/
■
■
■
■
I
I
CHARGE! Take a
long time to pay after
nothing down. Open
one with a Reg. Card.
roqs/atkins
* INDIANS*
i
The laws of supply
and demand govern
economics, so the
Bus.Ad. men say.
We say you can
demand any time
you feel like it, even
if you don’t have the
cash. Use the
Roos Atkins SUPER/
■
■
■
■
I
I
CHARGE! Take a
long time to pay after
nothing down. Open
one with a Reg. Card.
roqs/atkins
* INDIANS*
i
The laws of supply
and demand govern
economics, so the
Bus.Ad. men say.
We say you can
demand any time
you feel like it, even
if you don’t have the
cash. Use the
Roos Atkins SUPER/
■
■
■
■
I
I
CHARGE! Take a
long time to pay after
nothing down. Open
one with a Reg. Card.
roqs/atkins
* INDIANS*
i
The laws of supply
and demand govern
economics, so the
Bus.Ad. men say.
We say you can
demand any time
you feel like it, even
if you don’t have the
cash. Use the
Roos Atkins SUPER/
■
■
■
■
I
I
CHARGE! Take a
long time to pay after
nothing down. Open
one with a Reg. Card.
roqs/atkins
* INDIANS*
i
The laws of supply
and demand govern
economics, so the
Bus.Ad. men say.
We say you can
demand any time
you feel like it, even
if you don’t have the
cash. Use the
Roos Atkins SUPER/
■
■
■
■
I
I
CHARGE! Take a
long time to pay after
nothing down. Open
one with a Reg. Card.
roqs/atkins
* INDIANS*
i
The laws of supply
and demand govern
economics, so the
Bus.Ad. men say.
We say you can
demand any time
you feel like it, even
if you don’t have the
cash. Use the
Roos Atkins SUPER/
■
■
■
■
I
I
CHARGE! Take a
long time to pay after
nothing down. Open
one with a Reg. Card.
roqs/atkins
* INDIANS*
i
The laws of supply
and demand govern
economics, so the
Bus.Ad. men say.
We say you can
demand any time
you feel like it, even
if you don’t have the
cash. Use the
Roos Atkins SUPER/
■
■
■
■
I
I
CHARGE! Take a
long time to pay after
nothing down. Open
one with a Reg. Card.
roqs/atkins
* INDIANS*
i
The laws of supply
and demand govern
economics, so the
Bus.Ad. men say.
We say you can
demand any time
you feel like it, even
if you don’t have the
cash. Use the
Roos Atkins SUPER/
■
■
■
■
I
I
CHARGE! Take a
long time to pay after
nothing down. Open
one with a Reg. Card.
roqs/atkins
* INDIANS*
i
The laws of supply
and demand govern
economics, so the
Bus.Ad. men say.
We say you can
demand any time
you feel like it, even
if you don’t have the
cash. Use the
Roos Atkins SUPER/
■
■
■
■
I
I
CHARGE! Take a
long time to pay after
nothing down. Open
one with a Reg. Card.
roqs/atkins
* INDIANS*
i
The laws of supply
and demand govern
economics, so the
Bus.Ad. men say.
We say you can
demand any time
you feel like it, even
if you don’t have the
cash. Use the
Roos Atkins SUPER/
■
■
■
■
I
I
CHARGE! Take a
long time to pay after
nothing down. Open
one with a Reg. Card.
roqs/atkins
* INDIANS*
i
The laws of supply
and demand govern
economics, so the
Bus.Ad. men say.
We say you can
demand any time
you feel like it, even
if you don’t have the
cash. Use the
Roos Atkins SUPER/
■
■
■
■
I
I
CHARGE! Take a
long time to pay after
nothing down. Open
one with a Reg. Card.
roqs/atkins
* INDIANS*
i
The laws of supply
and demand govern
economics, so the
Bus.Ad. men say.
We say you can
demand any time
you feel like it, even
if you don’t have the
cash. Use the
Roos Atkins SUPER/
■
■
■
■
I
I
CHARGE! Take a
long time to pay after
nothing down. Open
one with a Reg. Card.
roqs/atkins
* INDIANS*
i
The laws of supply
and demand govern
economics, so the
Bus.Ad. men say.
We say you can
demand any time
you feel like it, even
if you don’t have the
cash. Use the
Roos Atkins SUPER/
■
■
■
■
I
I
CHARGE! Take a
long time to pay after
nothing down. Open
one with a Reg. Card.
roqs/atkins
* INDIANS*
i
The laws of supply
and demand govern
economics, so the
Bus.Ad. men say.
We say you can
demand any time
you feel like it, even
if you don’t have the
cash. Use the
Roos Atkins SUPER/
■
■
■
■
I
I
CHARGE! Take a
long time to pay after
nothing down. Open
one with a Reg. Card.
roqs/atkins
