# The 						Stanford Daily SPORTS
## 
### 


BEAR BITES THE DUST as Gene Pickett (top photo) of California is
tackled in effective manner hy Bruin Bill Armstrong, UCLA center.
Armstrong grits his teeth and hangs onto his precarious hold. Jack
Finlay, Bruin tackle, stands by. Directly above is Jay Stoves. Cougar
left half, being rushed hy a host of Troian warriors, and a pass in the
making fails. UCLA won, 21-0, and Southern California upset the
Cougars, 26-12.


BEAR BITES THE DUST as Gene Pickett (top photo) of California is
tackled in effective manner hy Bruin Bill Armstrong, UCLA center.
Armstrong grits his teeth and hangs onto his precarious hold. Jack
Finlay, Bruin tackle, stands by. Directly above is Jay Stoves. Cougar
left half, being rushed hy a host of Troian warriors, and a pass in the
making fails. UCLA won, 21-0, and Southern California upset the
Cougars, 26-12.


BEAR BITES THE DUST as Gene Pickett (top photo) of California is
tackled in effective manner hy Bruin Bill Armstrong, UCLA center.
Armstrong grits his teeth and hangs onto his precarious hold. Jack
Finlay, Bruin tackle, stands by. Directly above is Jay Stoves. Cougar
left half, being rushed hy a host of Troian warriors, and a pass in the
making fails. UCLA won, 21-0, and Southern California upset the
Cougars, 26-12.


BEAR BITES THE DUST as Gene Pickett (top photo) of California is
tackled in effective manner hy Bruin Bill Armstrong, UCLA center.
Armstrong grits his teeth and hangs onto his precarious hold. Jack
Finlay, Bruin tackle, stands by. Directly above is Jay Stoves. Cougar
left half, being rushed hy a host of Troian warriors, and a pass in the
making fails. UCLA won, 21-0, and Southern California upset the
Cougars, 26-12.


BEAR BITES THE DUST as Gene Pickett (top photo) of California is
tackled in effective manner hy Bruin Bill Armstrong, UCLA center.
Armstrong grits his teeth and hangs onto his precarious hold. Jack
Finlay, Bruin tackle, stands by. Directly above is Jay Stoves. Cougar
left half, being rushed hy a host of Troian warriors, and a pass in the
making fails. UCLA won, 21-0, and Southern California upset the
Cougars, 26-12.


BEAR BITES THE DUST as Gene Pickett (top photo) of California is
tackled in effective manner hy Bruin Bill Armstrong, UCLA center.
Armstrong grits his teeth and hangs onto his precarious hold. Jack
Finlay, Bruin tackle, stands by. Directly above is Jay Stoves. Cougar
left half, being rushed hy a host of Troian warriors, and a pass in the
making fails. UCLA won, 21-0, and Southern California upset the
Cougars, 26-12.


BEAR BITES THE DUST as Gene Pickett (top photo) of California is
tackled in effective manner hy Bruin Bill Armstrong, UCLA center.
Armstrong grits his teeth and hangs onto his precarious hold. Jack
Finlay, Bruin tackle, stands by. Directly above is Jay Stoves. Cougar
left half, being rushed hy a host of Troian warriors, and a pass in the
making fails. UCLA won, 21-0, and Southern California upset the
Cougars, 26-12.


BEAR BITES THE DUST as Gene Pickett (top photo) of California is
tackled in effective manner hy Bruin Bill Armstrong, UCLA center.
Armstrong grits his teeth and hangs onto his precarious hold. Jack
Finlay, Bruin tackle, stands by. Directly above is Jay Stoves. Cougar
left half, being rushed hy a host of Troian warriors, and a pass in the
making fails. UCLA won, 21-0, and Southern California upset the
Cougars, 26-12.


BEAR BITES THE DUST as Gene Pickett (top photo) of California is
tackled in effective manner hy Bruin Bill Armstrong, UCLA center.
Armstrong grits his teeth and hangs onto his precarious hold. Jack
Finlay, Bruin tackle, stands by. Directly above is Jay Stoves. Cougar
left half, being rushed hy a host of Troian warriors, and a pass in the
making fails. UCLA won, 21-0, and Southern California upset the
Cougars, 26-12.


BEAR BITES THE DUST as Gene Pickett (top photo) of California is
tackled in effective manner hy Bruin Bill Armstrong, UCLA center.
Armstrong grits his teeth and hangs onto his precarious hold. Jack
Finlay, Bruin tackle, stands by. Directly above is Jay Stoves. Cougar
left half, being rushed hy a host of Troian warriors, and a pass in the
making fails. UCLA won, 21-0, and Southern California upset the
Cougars, 26-12.


BEAR BITES THE DUST as Gene Pickett (top photo) of California is
tackled in effective manner hy Bruin Bill Armstrong, UCLA center.
Armstrong grits his teeth and hangs onto his precarious hold. Jack
Finlay, Bruin tackle, stands by. Directly above is Jay Stoves. Cougar
left half, being rushed hy a host of Troian warriors, and a pass in the
making fails. UCLA won, 21-0, and Southern California upset the
Cougars, 26-12.


BEAR BITES THE DUST as Gene Pickett (top photo) of California is
tackled in effective manner hy Bruin Bill Armstrong, UCLA center.
Armstrong grits his teeth and hangs onto his precarious hold. Jack
Finlay, Bruin tackle, stands by. Directly above is Jay Stoves. Cougar
left half, being rushed hy a host of Troian warriors, and a pass in the
making fails. UCLA won, 21-0, and Southern California upset the
Cougars, 26-12.


BEAR BITES THE DUST as Gene Pickett (top photo) of California is
tackled in effective manner hy Bruin Bill Armstrong, UCLA center.
Armstrong grits his teeth and hangs onto his precarious hold. Jack
Finlay, Bruin tackle, stands by. Directly above is Jay Stoves. Cougar
left half, being rushed hy a host of Troian warriors, and a pass in the
making fails. UCLA won, 21-0, and Southern California upset the
Cougars, 26-12.


BEAR BITES THE DUST as Gene Pickett (top photo) of California is
tackled in effective manner hy Bruin Bill Armstrong, UCLA center.
Armstrong grits his teeth and hangs onto his precarious hold. Jack
Finlay, Bruin tackle, stands by. Directly above is Jay Stoves. Cougar
left half, being rushed hy a host of Troian warriors, and a pass in the
making fails. UCLA won, 21-0, and Southern California upset the
Cougars, 26-12.


BEAR BITES THE DUST as Gene Pickett (top photo) of California is
tackled in effective manner hy Bruin Bill Armstrong, UCLA center.
Armstrong grits his teeth and hangs onto his precarious hold. Jack
Finlay, Bruin tackle, stands by. Directly above is Jay Stoves. Cougar
left half, being rushed hy a host of Troian warriors, and a pass in the
making fails. UCLA won, 21-0, and Southern California upset the
Cougars, 26-12.


BEAR BITES THE DUST as Gene Pickett (top photo) of California is
tackled in effective manner hy Bruin Bill Armstrong, UCLA center.
Armstrong grits his teeth and hangs onto his precarious hold. Jack
Finlay, Bruin tackle, stands by. Directly above is Jay Stoves. Cougar
left half, being rushed hy a host of Troian warriors, and a pass in the
making fails. UCLA won, 21-0, and Southern California upset the
Cougars, 26-12.


BEAR BITES THE DUST as Gene Pickett (top photo) of California is
tackled in effective manner hy Bruin Bill Armstrong, UCLA center.
Armstrong grits his teeth and hangs onto his precarious hold. Jack
Finlay, Bruin tackle, stands by. Directly above is Jay Stoves. Cougar
left half, being rushed hy a host of Troian warriors, and a pass in the
making fails. UCLA won, 21-0, and Southern California upset the
Cougars, 26-12.


BEAR BITES THE DUST as Gene Pickett (top photo) of California is
tackled in effective manner hy Bruin Bill Armstrong, UCLA center.
Armstrong grits his teeth and hangs onto his precarious hold. Jack
Finlay, Bruin tackle, stands by. Directly above is Jay Stoves. Cougar
left half, being rushed hy a host of Troian warriors, and a pass in the
making fails. UCLA won, 21-0, and Southern California upset the
Cougars, 26-12.


BEAR BITES THE DUST as Gene Pickett (top photo) of California is
tackled in effective manner hy Bruin Bill Armstrong, UCLA center.
Armstrong grits his teeth and hangs onto his precarious hold. Jack
Finlay, Bruin tackle, stands by. Directly above is Jay Stoves. Cougar
left half, being rushed hy a host of Troian warriors, and a pass in the
making fails. UCLA won, 21-0, and Southern California upset the
Cougars, 26-12.
