# Inter-Club Council Will Meet Tonight
## 
### 
Inter-Club Council will meet to
night at 7 o'clock in the El Capitan
clubroom for the first time of the
quarter. The meeting was called by
Council President Ray Hammett.
Topics on the docket include dis
cussion of rushing plans, an Inter-
Club dance, and revision of the con
stitution.
Inter-Club Council will meet to
night at 7 o'clock in the El Capitan
clubroom for the first time of the
quarter. The meeting was called by
Council President Ray Hammett.
Topics on the docket include dis
cussion of rushing plans, an Inter-
Club dance, and revision of the con
stitution.
Inter-Club Council will meet to
night at 7 o'clock in the El Capitan
clubroom for the first time of the
quarter. The meeting was called by
Council President Ray Hammett.
Topics on the docket include dis
cussion of rushing plans, an Inter-
Club dance, and revision of the con
stitution.
Inter-Club Council will meet to
night at 7 o'clock in the El Capitan
clubroom for the first time of the
quarter. The meeting was called by
Council President Ray Hammett.
Topics on the docket include dis
cussion of rushing plans, an Inter-
Club dance, and revision of the con
stitution.
Inter-Club Council will meet to
night at 7 o'clock in the El Capitan
clubroom for the first time of the
quarter. The meeting was called by
Council President Ray Hammett.
Topics on the docket include dis
cussion of rushing plans, an Inter-
Club dance, and revision of the con
stitution.
Inter-Club Council will meet to
night at 7 o'clock in the El Capitan
clubroom for the first time of the
quarter. The meeting was called by
Council President Ray Hammett.
Topics on the docket include dis
cussion of rushing plans, an Inter-
Club dance, and revision of the con
stitution.
Inter-Club Council will meet to
night at 7 o'clock in the El Capitan
clubroom for the first time of the
quarter. The meeting was called by
Council President Ray Hammett.
Topics on the docket include dis
cussion of rushing plans, an Inter-
Club dance, and revision of the con
stitution.
Inter-Club Council will meet to
night at 7 o'clock in the El Capitan
clubroom for the first time of the
quarter. The meeting was called by
Council President Ray Hammett.
Topics on the docket include dis
cussion of rushing plans, an Inter-
Club dance, and revision of the con
stitution.
Inter-Club Council will meet to
night at 7 o'clock in the El Capitan
clubroom for the first time of the
quarter. The meeting was called by
Council President Ray Hammett.
Topics on the docket include dis
cussion of rushing plans, an Inter-
Club dance, and revision of the con
stitution.
Inter-Club Council will meet to
night at 7 o'clock in the El Capitan
clubroom for the first time of the
quarter. The meeting was called by
Council President Ray Hammett.
Topics on the docket include dis
cussion of rushing plans, an Inter-
Club dance, and revision of the con
stitution.
Inter-Club Council will meet to
night at 7 o'clock in the El Capitan
clubroom for the first time of the
quarter. The meeting was called by
Council President Ray Hammett.
Topics on the docket include dis
cussion of rushing plans, an Inter-
Club dance, and revision of the con
stitution.
Inter-Club Council will meet to
night at 7 o'clock in the El Capitan
clubroom for the first time of the
quarter. The meeting was called by
Council President Ray Hammett.
Topics on the docket include dis
cussion of rushing plans, an Inter-
Club dance, and revision of the con
stitution.
Inter-Club Council will meet to
night at 7 o'clock in the El Capitan
clubroom for the first time of the
quarter. The meeting was called by
Council President Ray Hammett.
Topics on the docket include dis
cussion of rushing plans, an Inter-
Club dance, and revision of the con
stitution.
Inter-Club Council will meet to
night at 7 o'clock in the El Capitan
clubroom for the first time of the
quarter. The meeting was called by
Council President Ray Hammett.
Topics on the docket include dis
cussion of rushing plans, an Inter-
Club dance, and revision of the con
stitution.
Inter-Club Council will meet to
night at 7 o'clock in the El Capitan
clubroom for the first time of the
quarter. The meeting was called by
Council President Ray Hammett.
Topics on the docket include dis
cussion of rushing plans, an Inter-
Club dance, and revision of the con
stitution.
Inter-Club Council will meet to
night at 7 o'clock in the El Capitan
clubroom for the first time of the
quarter. The meeting was called by
Council President Ray Hammett.
Topics on the docket include dis
cussion of rushing plans, an Inter-
Club dance, and revision of the con
stitution.
Inter-Club Council will meet to
night at 7 o'clock in the El Capitan
clubroom for the first time of the
quarter. The meeting was called by
Council President Ray Hammett.
Topics on the docket include dis
cussion of rushing plans, an Inter-
Club dance, and revision of the con
stitution.
Inter-Club Council will meet to
night at 7 o'clock in the El Capitan
clubroom for the first time of the
quarter. The meeting was called by
Council President Ray Hammett.
Topics on the docket include dis
cussion of rushing plans, an Inter-
Club dance, and revision of the con
stitution.
Inter-Club Council will meet to
night at 7 o'clock in the El Capitan
clubroom for the first time of the
quarter. The meeting was called by
Council President Ray Hammett.
Topics on the docket include dis
cussion of rushing plans, an Inter-
Club dance, and revision of the con
stitution.
