# Bert Delmas Pays Farm Visit to Baseball Feld
## 
### 
Bert Delmas, league leading Card
batsman last year and present mem
ber of the Brooklyn National League
Ball Club, returned yesterday to
the scene of past baseball activity
when he visited Coach Harry Wol
ters and members of the squad
working out in the Sunken diamond.
Delmas was acquired by the Dod
gers early last season but was soon
farmed out to the Richmond Club
in the Piedmont league where he
performed brilliantly. Recalled to
Brooklyn late in the season he saw
plenty of action in the "big time"
as lead-off man where he won fa
vorable comment from sports writers
through his flashy, smart base run
ning. Delmas resides in San Fran
cisco.
