# Oust Tammany?
## 
### 
Roosevelt administration, more
specifically Postmaster General J. A.
Farley, is organizing to smash Tam
many Hall and its loader, John F.
Curry, by seizing control in the bor
roughs of Queens, Richmond, and
Brooklyn, already controlling the
Bronx, and so diverting all patron
age and favors to loyal Democrats
and starving out the wicked old
tiger.
Roosevelt administration, more
specifically Postmaster General J. A.
Farley, is organizing to smash Tam
many Hall and its loader, John F.
Curry, by seizing control in the bor
roughs of Queens, Richmond, and
Brooklyn, already controlling the
Bronx, and so diverting all patron
age and favors to loyal Democrats
and starving out the wicked old
tiger.
Roosevelt administration, more
specifically Postmaster General J. A.
Farley, is organizing to smash Tam
many Hall and its loader, John F.
Curry, by seizing control in the bor
roughs of Queens, Richmond, and
Brooklyn, already controlling the
Bronx, and so diverting all patron
age and favors to loyal Democrats
and starving out the wicked old
tiger.
Roosevelt administration, more
specifically Postmaster General J. A.
Farley, is organizing to smash Tam
many Hall and its loader, John F.
Curry, by seizing control in the bor
roughs of Queens, Richmond, and
Brooklyn, already controlling the
Bronx, and so diverting all patron
age and favors to loyal Democrats
and starving out the wicked old
tiger.
Roosevelt administration, more
specifically Postmaster General J. A.
Farley, is organizing to smash Tam
many Hall and its loader, John F.
Curry, by seizing control in the bor
roughs of Queens, Richmond, and
Brooklyn, already controlling the
Bronx, and so diverting all patron
age and favors to loyal Democrats
and starving out the wicked old
tiger.
Roosevelt administration, more
specifically Postmaster General J. A.
Farley, is organizing to smash Tam
many Hall and its loader, John F.
Curry, by seizing control in the bor
roughs of Queens, Richmond, and
Brooklyn, already controlling the
Bronx, and so diverting all patron
age and favors to loyal Democrats
and starving out the wicked old
tiger.
Roosevelt administration, more
specifically Postmaster General J. A.
Farley, is organizing to smash Tam
many Hall and its loader, John F.
Curry, by seizing control in the bor
roughs of Queens, Richmond, and
Brooklyn, already controlling the
Bronx, and so diverting all patron
age and favors to loyal Democrats
and starving out the wicked old
tiger.
Roosevelt administration, more
specifically Postmaster General J. A.
Farley, is organizing to smash Tam
many Hall and its loader, John F.
Curry, by seizing control in the bor
roughs of Queens, Richmond, and
Brooklyn, already controlling the
Bronx, and so diverting all patron
age and favors to loyal Democrats
and starving out the wicked old
tiger.
Roosevelt administration, more
specifically Postmaster General J. A.
Farley, is organizing to smash Tam
many Hall and its loader, John F.
Curry, by seizing control in the bor
roughs of Queens, Richmond, and
Brooklyn, already controlling the
Bronx, and so diverting all patron
age and favors to loyal Democrats
and starving out the wicked old
tiger.
Roosevelt administration, more
specifically Postmaster General J. A.
Farley, is organizing to smash Tam
many Hall and its loader, John F.
Curry, by seizing control in the bor
roughs of Queens, Richmond, and
Brooklyn, already controlling the
Bronx, and so diverting all patron
age and favors to loyal Democrats
and starving out the wicked old
tiger.
Roosevelt administration, more
specifically Postmaster General J. A.
Farley, is organizing to smash Tam
many Hall and its loader, John F.
Curry, by seizing control in the bor
roughs of Queens, Richmond, and
Brooklyn, already controlling the
Bronx, and so diverting all patron
age and favors to loyal Democrats
and starving out the wicked old
tiger.
Roosevelt administration, more
specifically Postmaster General J. A.
Farley, is organizing to smash Tam
many Hall and its loader, John F.
Curry, by seizing control in the bor
roughs of Queens, Richmond, and
Brooklyn, already controlling the
Bronx, and so diverting all patron
age and favors to loyal Democrats
and starving out the wicked old
tiger.
Roosevelt administration, more
specifically Postmaster General J. A.
Farley, is organizing to smash Tam
many Hall and its loader, John F.
Curry, by seizing control in the bor
roughs of Queens, Richmond, and
Brooklyn, already controlling the
Bronx, and so diverting all patron
age and favors to loyal Democrats
and starving out the wicked old
tiger.
Roosevelt administration, more
specifically Postmaster General J. A.
Farley, is organizing to smash Tam
many Hall and its loader, John F.
Curry, by seizing control in the bor
roughs of Queens, Richmond, and
Brooklyn, already controlling the
Bronx, and so diverting all patron
age and favors to loyal Democrats
and starving out the wicked old
tiger.
Roosevelt administration, more
specifically Postmaster General J. A.
Farley, is organizing to smash Tam
many Hall and its loader, John F.
Curry, by seizing control in the bor
roughs of Queens, Richmond, and
Brooklyn, already controlling the
Bronx, and so diverting all patron
age and favors to loyal Democrats
and starving out the wicked old
tiger.
