# Freshmen May Procure Reading Test Results
## 
### 
Freshmen, desiring to find out how
much one quarter of Stanford life
luts improved their reading ability
will have a chance to check up on
themselves. The results of the lowa
reading tests given at the beginning
and end of fall quarter may be had
by inquiring at the Registrar's of
fice where Charles G. Wrenn has the
material.
Freshmen, desiring to find out how
much one quarter of Stanford life
luts improved their reading ability
will have a chance to check up on
themselves. The results of the lowa
reading tests given at the beginning
and end of fall quarter may be had
by inquiring at the Registrar's of
fice where Charles G. Wrenn has the
material.
Freshmen, desiring to find out how
much one quarter of Stanford life
luts improved their reading ability
will have a chance to check up on
themselves. The results of the lowa
reading tests given at the beginning
and end of fall quarter may be had
by inquiring at the Registrar's of
fice where Charles G. Wrenn has the
material.
Freshmen, desiring to find out how
much one quarter of Stanford life
luts improved their reading ability
will have a chance to check up on
themselves. The results of the lowa
reading tests given at the beginning
and end of fall quarter may be had
by inquiring at the Registrar's of
fice where Charles G. Wrenn has the
material.
Freshmen, desiring to find out how
much one quarter of Stanford life
luts improved their reading ability
will have a chance to check up on
themselves. The results of the lowa
reading tests given at the beginning
and end of fall quarter may be had
by inquiring at the Registrar's of
fice where Charles G. Wrenn has the
material.
Freshmen, desiring to find out how
much one quarter of Stanford life
luts improved their reading ability
will have a chance to check up on
themselves. The results of the lowa
reading tests given at the beginning
and end of fall quarter may be had
by inquiring at the Registrar's of
fice where Charles G. Wrenn has the
material.
Freshmen, desiring to find out how
much one quarter of Stanford life
luts improved their reading ability
will have a chance to check up on
themselves. The results of the lowa
reading tests given at the beginning
and end of fall quarter may be had
by inquiring at the Registrar's of
fice where Charles G. Wrenn has the
material.
Freshmen, desiring to find out how
much one quarter of Stanford life
luts improved their reading ability
will have a chance to check up on
themselves. The results of the lowa
reading tests given at the beginning
and end of fall quarter may be had
by inquiring at the Registrar's of
fice where Charles G. Wrenn has the
material.
Freshmen, desiring to find out how
much one quarter of Stanford life
luts improved their reading ability
will have a chance to check up on
themselves. The results of the lowa
reading tests given at the beginning
and end of fall quarter may be had
by inquiring at the Registrar's of
fice where Charles G. Wrenn has the
material.
Freshmen, desiring to find out how
much one quarter of Stanford life
luts improved their reading ability
will have a chance to check up on
themselves. The results of the lowa
reading tests given at the beginning
and end of fall quarter may be had
by inquiring at the Registrar's of
fice where Charles G. Wrenn has the
material.
Freshmen, desiring to find out how
much one quarter of Stanford life
luts improved their reading ability
will have a chance to check up on
themselves. The results of the lowa
reading tests given at the beginning
and end of fall quarter may be had
by inquiring at the Registrar's of
fice where Charles G. Wrenn has the
material.
Freshmen, desiring to find out how
much one quarter of Stanford life
luts improved their reading ability
will have a chance to check up on
themselves. The results of the lowa
reading tests given at the beginning
and end of fall quarter may be had
by inquiring at the Registrar's of
fice where Charles G. Wrenn has the
material.
Freshmen, desiring to find out how
much one quarter of Stanford life
luts improved their reading ability
will have a chance to check up on
themselves. The results of the lowa
reading tests given at the beginning
and end of fall quarter may be had
by inquiring at the Registrar's of
fice where Charles G. Wrenn has the
material.
Freshmen, desiring to find out how
much one quarter of Stanford life
luts improved their reading ability
will have a chance to check up on
themselves. The results of the lowa
reading tests given at the beginning
and end of fall quarter may be had
by inquiring at the Registrar's of
fice where Charles G. Wrenn has the
material.
Freshmen, desiring to find out how
much one quarter of Stanford life
luts improved their reading ability
will have a chance to check up on
themselves. The results of the lowa
reading tests given at the beginning
and end of fall quarter may be had
by inquiring at the Registrar's of
fice where Charles G. Wrenn has the
material.
