# MICKEY GETS MANAGER'S JOB
## 
### 

Mickey Cochrane (right) found himself a center of interest as the
big ieague officials met in Chicago where he was sold to Detroit and
made manager. Here he is talking it over with Rogers Hornsby, St.
Louis Browns manager. (Associated Press Photo)

Mickey Cochrane (right) found himself a center of interest as the
big ieague officials met in Chicago where he was sold to Detroit and
made manager. Here he is talking it over with Rogers Hornsby, St.
Louis Browns manager. (Associated Press Photo)

Mickey Cochrane (right) found himself a center of interest as the
big ieague officials met in Chicago where he was sold to Detroit and
made manager. Here he is talking it over with Rogers Hornsby, St.
Louis Browns manager. (Associated Press Photo)

Mickey Cochrane (right) found himself a center of interest as the
big ieague officials met in Chicago where he was sold to Detroit and
made manager. Here he is talking it over with Rogers Hornsby, St.
Louis Browns manager. (Associated Press Photo)

Mickey Cochrane (right) found himself a center of interest as the
big ieague officials met in Chicago where he was sold to Detroit and
made manager. Here he is talking it over with Rogers Hornsby, St.
Louis Browns manager. (Associated Press Photo)

Mickey Cochrane (right) found himself a center of interest as the
big ieague officials met in Chicago where he was sold to Detroit and
made manager. Here he is talking it over with Rogers Hornsby, St.
Louis Browns manager. (Associated Press Photo)

Mickey Cochrane (right) found himself a center of interest as the
big ieague officials met in Chicago where he was sold to Detroit and
made manager. Here he is talking it over with Rogers Hornsby, St.
Louis Browns manager. (Associated Press Photo)

Mickey Cochrane (right) found himself a center of interest as the
big ieague officials met in Chicago where he was sold to Detroit and
made manager. Here he is talking it over with Rogers Hornsby, St.
Louis Browns manager. (Associated Press Photo)

Mickey Cochrane (right) found himself a center of interest as the
big ieague officials met in Chicago where he was sold to Detroit and
made manager. Here he is talking it over with Rogers Hornsby, St.
Louis Browns manager. (Associated Press Photo)

Mickey Cochrane (right) found himself a center of interest as the
big ieague officials met in Chicago where he was sold to Detroit and
made manager. Here he is talking it over with Rogers Hornsby, St.
Louis Browns manager. (Associated Press Photo)

Mickey Cochrane (right) found himself a center of interest as the
big ieague officials met in Chicago where he was sold to Detroit and
made manager. Here he is talking it over with Rogers Hornsby, St.
Louis Browns manager. (Associated Press Photo)

Mickey Cochrane (right) found himself a center of interest as the
big ieague officials met in Chicago where he was sold to Detroit and
made manager. Here he is talking it over with Rogers Hornsby, St.
Louis Browns manager. (Associated Press Photo)

Mickey Cochrane (right) found himself a center of interest as the
big ieague officials met in Chicago where he was sold to Detroit and
made manager. Here he is talking it over with Rogers Hornsby, St.
Louis Browns manager. (Associated Press Photo)

Mickey Cochrane (right) found himself a center of interest as the
big ieague officials met in Chicago where he was sold to Detroit and
made manager. Here he is talking it over with Rogers Hornsby, St.
Louis Browns manager. (Associated Press Photo)

Mickey Cochrane (right) found himself a center of interest as the
big ieague officials met in Chicago where he was sold to Detroit and
made manager. Here he is talking it over with Rogers Hornsby, St.
Louis Browns manager. (Associated Press Photo)
