# MEN'S WEEK AT U.C.L.A.
## 
### 
Men's Wock. ten days of bitter
rivalry between the junior and sen
ioi classes at U.C.L.A. from Janu
ary 5 to 15, will be climaxed by the
annual upperclass football game.
Other events include a swimming
carnival, beard growing contest, and
an all-university men's banquet.
Men's Wock. ten days of bitter
rivalry between the junior and sen
ioi classes at U.C.L.A. from Janu
ary 5 to 15, will be climaxed by the
annual upperclass football game.
Other events include a swimming
carnival, beard growing contest, and
an all-university men's banquet.
Men's Wock. ten days of bitter
rivalry between the junior and sen
ioi classes at U.C.L.A. from Janu
ary 5 to 15, will be climaxed by the
annual upperclass football game.
Other events include a swimming
carnival, beard growing contest, and
an all-university men's banquet.
Men's Wock. ten days of bitter
rivalry between the junior and sen
ioi classes at U.C.L.A. from Janu
ary 5 to 15, will be climaxed by the
annual upperclass football game.
Other events include a swimming
carnival, beard growing contest, and
an all-university men's banquet.
Men's Wock. ten days of bitter
rivalry between the junior and sen
ioi classes at U.C.L.A. from Janu
ary 5 to 15, will be climaxed by the
annual upperclass football game.
Other events include a swimming
carnival, beard growing contest, and
an all-university men's banquet.
Men's Wock. ten days of bitter
rivalry between the junior and sen
ioi classes at U.C.L.A. from Janu
ary 5 to 15, will be climaxed by the
annual upperclass football game.
Other events include a swimming
carnival, beard growing contest, and
an all-university men's banquet.
Men's Wock. ten days of bitter
rivalry between the junior and sen
ioi classes at U.C.L.A. from Janu
ary 5 to 15, will be climaxed by the
annual upperclass football game.
Other events include a swimming
carnival, beard growing contest, and
an all-university men's banquet.
Men's Wock. ten days of bitter
rivalry between the junior and sen
ioi classes at U.C.L.A. from Janu
ary 5 to 15, will be climaxed by the
annual upperclass football game.
Other events include a swimming
carnival, beard growing contest, and
an all-university men's banquet.
Men's Wock. ten days of bitter
rivalry between the junior and sen
ioi classes at U.C.L.A. from Janu
ary 5 to 15, will be climaxed by the
annual upperclass football game.
Other events include a swimming
carnival, beard growing contest, and
an all-university men's banquet.
Men's Wock. ten days of bitter
rivalry between the junior and sen
ioi classes at U.C.L.A. from Janu
ary 5 to 15, will be climaxed by the
annual upperclass football game.
Other events include a swimming
carnival, beard growing contest, and
an all-university men's banquet.
Men's Wock. ten days of bitter
rivalry between the junior and sen
ioi classes at U.C.L.A. from Janu
ary 5 to 15, will be climaxed by the
annual upperclass football game.
Other events include a swimming
carnival, beard growing contest, and
an all-university men's banquet.
Men's Wock. ten days of bitter
rivalry between the junior and sen
ioi classes at U.C.L.A. from Janu
ary 5 to 15, will be climaxed by the
annual upperclass football game.
Other events include a swimming
carnival, beard growing contest, and
an all-university men's banquet.
Men's Wock. ten days of bitter
rivalry between the junior and sen
ioi classes at U.C.L.A. from Janu
ary 5 to 15, will be climaxed by the
annual upperclass football game.
Other events include a swimming
carnival, beard growing contest, and
an all-university men's banquet.
Men's Wock. ten days of bitter
rivalry between the junior and sen
ioi classes at U.C.L.A. from Janu
ary 5 to 15, will be climaxed by the
annual upperclass football game.
Other events include a swimming
carnival, beard growing contest, and
an all-university men's banquet.
Men's Wock. ten days of bitter
rivalry between the junior and sen
ioi classes at U.C.L.A. from Janu
ary 5 to 15, will be climaxed by the
annual upperclass football game.
Other events include a swimming
carnival, beard growing contest, and
an all-university men's banquet.
