# WOGDIN SEEKS HEALTH IN ARIZONA
## 
### 

Suffering from a throat ailment, Secretary of the Treasury William
Woodin is recuperating on the Arizona desert near Tucson during his
indefinite leave from his cabinet post. He is staying at the home of
his son, William Woodin, jr. Left to right: Mrs. William Woodin. Jr.,
her son, William 111, Secretary and Mrs. Woodin. (Associated Press
Photo)

Suffering from a throat ailment, Secretary of the Treasury William
Woodin is recuperating on the Arizona desert near Tucson during his
indefinite leave from his cabinet post. He is staying at the home of
his son, William Woodin, jr. Left to right: Mrs. William Woodin. Jr.,
her son, William 111, Secretary and Mrs. Woodin. (Associated Press
Photo)

Suffering from a throat ailment, Secretary of the Treasury William
Woodin is recuperating on the Arizona desert near Tucson during his
indefinite leave from his cabinet post. He is staying at the home of
his son, William Woodin, jr. Left to right: Mrs. William Woodin. Jr.,
her son, William 111, Secretary and Mrs. Woodin. (Associated Press
Photo)

Suffering from a throat ailment, Secretary of the Treasury William
Woodin is recuperating on the Arizona desert near Tucson during his
indefinite leave from his cabinet post. He is staying at the home of
his son, William Woodin, jr. Left to right: Mrs. William Woodin. Jr.,
her son, William 111, Secretary and Mrs. Woodin. (Associated Press
Photo)

Suffering from a throat ailment, Secretary of the Treasury William
Woodin is recuperating on the Arizona desert near Tucson during his
indefinite leave from his cabinet post. He is staying at the home of
his son, William Woodin, jr. Left to right: Mrs. William Woodin. Jr.,
her son, William 111, Secretary and Mrs. Woodin. (Associated Press
Photo)

Suffering from a throat ailment, Secretary of the Treasury William
Woodin is recuperating on the Arizona desert near Tucson during his
indefinite leave from his cabinet post. He is staying at the home of
his son, William Woodin, jr. Left to right: Mrs. William Woodin. Jr.,
her son, William 111, Secretary and Mrs. Woodin. (Associated Press
Photo)

Suffering from a throat ailment, Secretary of the Treasury William
Woodin is recuperating on the Arizona desert near Tucson during his
indefinite leave from his cabinet post. He is staying at the home of
his son, William Woodin, jr. Left to right: Mrs. William Woodin. Jr.,
her son, William 111, Secretary and Mrs. Woodin. (Associated Press
Photo)

Suffering from a throat ailment, Secretary of the Treasury William
Woodin is recuperating on the Arizona desert near Tucson during his
indefinite leave from his cabinet post. He is staying at the home of
his son, William Woodin, jr. Left to right: Mrs. William Woodin. Jr.,
her son, William 111, Secretary and Mrs. Woodin. (Associated Press
Photo)

Suffering from a throat ailment, Secretary of the Treasury William
Woodin is recuperating on the Arizona desert near Tucson during his
indefinite leave from his cabinet post. He is staying at the home of
his son, William Woodin, jr. Left to right: Mrs. William Woodin. Jr.,
her son, William 111, Secretary and Mrs. Woodin. (Associated Press
Photo)

Suffering from a throat ailment, Secretary of the Treasury William
Woodin is recuperating on the Arizona desert near Tucson during his
indefinite leave from his cabinet post. He is staying at the home of
his son, William Woodin, jr. Left to right: Mrs. William Woodin. Jr.,
her son, William 111, Secretary and Mrs. Woodin. (Associated Press
Photo)

Suffering from a throat ailment, Secretary of the Treasury William
Woodin is recuperating on the Arizona desert near Tucson during his
indefinite leave from his cabinet post. He is staying at the home of
his son, William Woodin, jr. Left to right: Mrs. William Woodin. Jr.,
her son, William 111, Secretary and Mrs. Woodin. (Associated Press
Photo)

Suffering from a throat ailment, Secretary of the Treasury William
Woodin is recuperating on the Arizona desert near Tucson during his
indefinite leave from his cabinet post. He is staying at the home of
his son, William Woodin, jr. Left to right: Mrs. William Woodin. Jr.,
her son, William 111, Secretary and Mrs. Woodin. (Associated Press
Photo)

Suffering from a throat ailment, Secretary of the Treasury William
Woodin is recuperating on the Arizona desert near Tucson during his
indefinite leave from his cabinet post. He is staying at the home of
his son, William Woodin, jr. Left to right: Mrs. William Woodin. Jr.,
her son, William 111, Secretary and Mrs. Woodin. (Associated Press
Photo)

Suffering from a throat ailment, Secretary of the Treasury William
Woodin is recuperating on the Arizona desert near Tucson during his
indefinite leave from his cabinet post. He is staying at the home of
his son, William Woodin, jr. Left to right: Mrs. William Woodin. Jr.,
her son, William 111, Secretary and Mrs. Woodin. (Associated Press
Photo)

Suffering from a throat ailment, Secretary of the Treasury William
Woodin is recuperating on the Arizona desert near Tucson during his
indefinite leave from his cabinet post. He is staying at the home of
his son, William Woodin, jr. Left to right: Mrs. William Woodin. Jr.,
her son, William 111, Secretary and Mrs. Woodin. (Associated Press
Photo)
