# Adv. 32 Page 4
## 
### 
—19 2 9 —
An increase in the size of the
staff will open up several oppor
tunities for freshmen to secure
places on the Business Staff of the
Daily Palo Alto. Make appointments
with the Business Manager by call
ing P. A. 1074 or call between 1:15
and 2:00 p.m.
—19 2 9 —
An increase in the size of the
staff will open up several oppor
tunities for freshmen to secure
places on the Business Staff of the
Daily Palo Alto. Make appointments
with the Business Manager by call
ing P. A. 1074 or call between 1:15
and 2:00 p.m.
—19 2 9 —
An increase in the size of the
staff will open up several oppor
tunities for freshmen to secure
places on the Business Staff of the
Daily Palo Alto. Make appointments
with the Business Manager by call
ing P. A. 1074 or call between 1:15
and 2:00 p.m.
—19 2 9 —
An increase in the size of the
staff will open up several oppor
tunities for freshmen to secure
places on the Business Staff of the
Daily Palo Alto. Make appointments
with the Business Manager by call
ing P. A. 1074 or call between 1:15
and 2:00 p.m.
—19 2 9 —
An increase in the size of the
staff will open up several oppor
tunities for freshmen to secure
places on the Business Staff of the
Daily Palo Alto. Make appointments
with the Business Manager by call
ing P. A. 1074 or call between 1:15
and 2:00 p.m.
—19 2 9 —
An increase in the size of the
staff will open up several oppor
tunities for freshmen to secure
places on the Business Staff of the
Daily Palo Alto. Make appointments
with the Business Manager by call
ing P. A. 1074 or call between 1:15
and 2:00 p.m.
—19 2 9 —
An increase in the size of the
staff will open up several oppor
tunities for freshmen to secure
places on the Business Staff of the
Daily Palo Alto. Make appointments
with the Business Manager by call
ing P. A. 1074 or call between 1:15
and 2:00 p.m.
—19 2 9 —
An increase in the size of the
staff will open up several oppor
tunities for freshmen to secure
places on the Business Staff of the
Daily Palo Alto. Make appointments
with the Business Manager by call
ing P. A. 1074 or call between 1:15
and 2:00 p.m.
—19 2 9 —
An increase in the size of the
staff will open up several oppor
tunities for freshmen to secure
places on the Business Staff of the
Daily Palo Alto. Make appointments
with the Business Manager by call
ing P. A. 1074 or call between 1:15
and 2:00 p.m.
—19 2 9 —
An increase in the size of the
staff will open up several oppor
tunities for freshmen to secure
places on the Business Staff of the
Daily Palo Alto. Make appointments
with the Business Manager by call
ing P. A. 1074 or call between 1:15
and 2:00 p.m.
—19 2 9 —
An increase in the size of the
staff will open up several oppor
tunities for freshmen to secure
places on the Business Staff of the
Daily Palo Alto. Make appointments
with the Business Manager by call
ing P. A. 1074 or call between 1:15
and 2:00 p.m.
—19 2 9 —
An increase in the size of the
staff will open up several oppor
tunities for freshmen to secure
places on the Business Staff of the
Daily Palo Alto. Make appointments
with the Business Manager by call
ing P. A. 1074 or call between 1:15
and 2:00 p.m.
—19 2 9 —
An increase in the size of the
staff will open up several oppor
tunities for freshmen to secure
places on the Business Staff of the
Daily Palo Alto. Make appointments
with the Business Manager by call
ing P. A. 1074 or call between 1:15
and 2:00 p.m.
—19 2 9 —
An increase in the size of the
staff will open up several oppor
tunities for freshmen to secure
places on the Business Staff of the
Daily Palo Alto. Make appointments
with the Business Manager by call
ing P. A. 1074 or call between 1:15
and 2:00 p.m.
—19 2 9 —
An increase in the size of the
staff will open up several oppor
tunities for freshmen to secure
places on the Business Staff of the
Daily Palo Alto. Make appointments
with the Business Manager by call
ing P. A. 1074 or call between 1:15
and 2:00 p.m.
