# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The low fare to San Jose and the
special attractions of Stanford day
at the Fair should induce a large
per cent, of our student body to
visit the Garden Cit}' tomorrow.
The low fare to San Jose and the
special attractions of Stanford day
at the Fair should induce a large
per cent, of our student body to
visit the Garden Cit}' tomorrow.
The low fare to San Jose and the
special attractions of Stanford day
at the Fair should induce a large
per cent, of our student body to
visit the Garden Cit}' tomorrow.
The low fare to San Jose and the
special attractions of Stanford day
at the Fair should induce a large
per cent, of our student body to
visit the Garden Cit}' tomorrow.
The low fare to San Jose and the
special attractions of Stanford day
at the Fair should induce a large
per cent, of our student body to
visit the Garden Cit}' tomorrow.
