# The 						Banjo Club.
## 
### 
The University Banjo Clul>, or
ganized last, year, lias resumed
practice, with several additional
members. It will participate in
the entertainment to he given at
the San Jose Kairon Stanford day,
and arrangements are heing made
fora concert in Alameda in the
near future. New music has been
ordered from the East and sev
eral rehearsals are held weekly.
The music is unusually attractive,
and the club is steadily improving
under trie leadership of L. K.
McChesney, '98. The present mem
bership is as follows: Tozer, '99,
Sayer, '98, McChesney, '98, ban
jorines; Murphy, '00, Snipes, '98,
first concert banjo; Dullev, '99,
Strong. '911, Zion, second concert
banjo; Ilice, '99, Hute; Durrell, '99,
Seward, 00, Nichols, '00, guitars;
Wells, '97, mandolin.
The University Banjo Clul>, or
ganized last, year, lias resumed
practice, with several additional
members. It will participate in
the entertainment to he given at
the San Jose Kairon Stanford day,
and arrangements are heing made
fora concert in Alameda in the
near future. New music has been
ordered from the East and sev
eral rehearsals are held weekly.
The music is unusually attractive,
and the club is steadily improving
under trie leadership of L. K.
McChesney, '98. The present mem
bership is as follows: Tozer, '99,
Sayer, '98, McChesney, '98, ban
jorines; Murphy, '00, Snipes, '98,
first concert banjo; Dullev, '99,
Strong. '911, Zion, second concert
banjo; Ilice, '99, Hute; Durrell, '99,
Seward, 00, Nichols, '00, guitars;
Wells, '97, mandolin.
The University Banjo Clul>, or
ganized last, year, lias resumed
practice, with several additional
members. It will participate in
the entertainment to he given at
the San Jose Kairon Stanford day,
and arrangements are heing made
fora concert in Alameda in the
near future. New music has been
ordered from the East and sev
eral rehearsals are held weekly.
The music is unusually attractive,
and the club is steadily improving
under trie leadership of L. K.
McChesney, '98. The present mem
bership is as follows: Tozer, '99,
Sayer, '98, McChesney, '98, ban
jorines; Murphy, '00, Snipes, '98,
first concert banjo; Dullev, '99,
Strong. '911, Zion, second concert
banjo; Ilice, '99, Hute; Durrell, '99,
Seward, 00, Nichols, '00, guitars;
Wells, '97, mandolin.
The University Banjo Clul>, or
ganized last, year, lias resumed
practice, with several additional
members. It will participate in
the entertainment to he given at
the San Jose Kairon Stanford day,
and arrangements are heing made
fora concert in Alameda in the
near future. New music has been
ordered from the East and sev
eral rehearsals are held weekly.
The music is unusually attractive,
and the club is steadily improving
under trie leadership of L. K.
McChesney, '98. The present mem
bership is as follows: Tozer, '99,
Sayer, '98, McChesney, '98, ban
jorines; Murphy, '00, Snipes, '98,
first concert banjo; Dullev, '99,
Strong. '911, Zion, second concert
banjo; Ilice, '99, Hute; Durrell, '99,
Seward, 00, Nichols, '00, guitars;
Wells, '97, mandolin.
The University Banjo Clul>, or
ganized last, year, lias resumed
practice, with several additional
members. It will participate in
the entertainment to he given at
the San Jose Kairon Stanford day,
and arrangements are heing made
fora concert in Alameda in the
near future. New music has been
ordered from the East and sev
eral rehearsals are held weekly.
The music is unusually attractive,
and the club is steadily improving
under trie leadership of L. K.
McChesney, '98. The present mem
bership is as follows: Tozer, '99,
Sayer, '98, McChesney, '98, ban
jorines; Murphy, '00, Snipes, '98,
first concert banjo; Dullev, '99,
Strong. '911, Zion, second concert
banjo; Ilice, '99, Hute; Durrell, '99,
Seward, 00, Nichols, '00, guitars;
Wells, '97, mandolin.
