# Untitled Article
## 
### 

Art Streiber/Daily
Family affair
Former Stanford quarterback fohn Elway and his father, Head
Football Coach Jack, watch Friday's baseball game in Sunken Dia
mond against USC. The pair later traveled to New York to partici
pate in the "Life in the 21st Century" conference.

Art Streiber/Daily
Family affair
Former Stanford quarterback fohn Elway and his father, Head
Football Coach Jack, watch Friday's baseball game in Sunken Dia
mond against USC. The pair later traveled to New York to partici
pate in the "Life in the 21st Century" conference.

Art Streiber/Daily
Family affair
Former Stanford quarterback fohn Elway and his father, Head
Football Coach Jack, watch Friday's baseball game in Sunken Dia
mond against USC. The pair later traveled to New York to partici
pate in the "Life in the 21st Century" conference.

Art Streiber/Daily
Family affair
Former Stanford quarterback fohn Elway and his father, Head
Football Coach Jack, watch Friday's baseball game in Sunken Dia
mond against USC. The pair later traveled to New York to partici
pate in the "Life in the 21st Century" conference.

Art Streiber/Daily
Family affair
Former Stanford quarterback fohn Elway and his father, Head
Football Coach Jack, watch Friday's baseball game in Sunken Dia
mond against USC. The pair later traveled to New York to partici
pate in the "Life in the 21st Century" conference.

Art Streiber/Daily
Family affair
Former Stanford quarterback fohn Elway and his father, Head
Football Coach Jack, watch Friday's baseball game in Sunken Dia
mond against USC. The pair later traveled to New York to partici
pate in the "Life in the 21st Century" conference.

Art Streiber/Daily
Family affair
Former Stanford quarterback fohn Elway and his father, Head
Football Coach Jack, watch Friday's baseball game in Sunken Dia
mond against USC. The pair later traveled to New York to partici
pate in the "Life in the 21st Century" conference.
