# Hound Table to be Revived.
## 
### 
The English club will meet Thurs- I
day, January 22, at the home of Pro- !
fessor Carruth of the English de
partment. A revival of the "Round
Table" discussion of original literary
work of the members will be part of j
the program.
The English club will meet Thurs- I
day, January 22, at the home of Pro- !
fessor Carruth of the English de
partment. A revival of the "Round
Table" discussion of original literary
work of the members will be part of j
the program.
The English club will meet Thurs- I
day, January 22, at the home of Pro- !
fessor Carruth of the English de
partment. A revival of the "Round
Table" discussion of original literary
work of the members will be part of j
the program.
The English club will meet Thurs- I
day, January 22, at the home of Pro- !
fessor Carruth of the English de
partment. A revival of the "Round
Table" discussion of original literary
work of the members will be part of j
the program.
The English club will meet Thurs- I
day, January 22, at the home of Pro- !
fessor Carruth of the English de
partment. A revival of the "Round
Table" discussion of original literary
work of the members will be part of j
the program.
The English club will meet Thurs- I
day, January 22, at the home of Pro- !
fessor Carruth of the English de
partment. A revival of the "Round
Table" discussion of original literary
work of the members will be part of j
the program.
The English club will meet Thurs- I
day, January 22, at the home of Pro- !
fessor Carruth of the English de
partment. A revival of the "Round
Table" discussion of original literary
work of the members will be part of j
the program.
The English club will meet Thurs- I
day, January 22, at the home of Pro- !
fessor Carruth of the English de
partment. A revival of the "Round
Table" discussion of original literary
work of the members will be part of j
the program.
The English club will meet Thurs- I
day, January 22, at the home of Pro- !
fessor Carruth of the English de
partment. A revival of the "Round
Table" discussion of original literary
work of the members will be part of j
the program.
The English club will meet Thurs- I
day, January 22, at the home of Pro- !
fessor Carruth of the English de
partment. A revival of the "Round
Table" discussion of original literary
work of the members will be part of j
the program.
The English club will meet Thurs- I
day, January 22, at the home of Pro- !
fessor Carruth of the English de
partment. A revival of the "Round
Table" discussion of original literary
work of the members will be part of j
the program.
The English club will meet Thurs- I
day, January 22, at the home of Pro- !
fessor Carruth of the English de
partment. A revival of the "Round
Table" discussion of original literary
work of the members will be part of j
the program.
The English club will meet Thurs- I
day, January 22, at the home of Pro- !
fessor Carruth of the English de
partment. A revival of the "Round
Table" discussion of original literary
work of the members will be part of j
the program.
