# Untitled Article
## 
### 
K.A. Bickel, '07, a former editor of
the Stanford Sequoia, is the author of!
an article on municipal politics In a
recent issue of The Review of Re- j
views.
K.A. Bickel, '07, a former editor of
the Stanford Sequoia, is the author of!
an article on municipal politics In a
recent issue of The Review of Re- j
views.
K.A. Bickel, '07, a former editor of
the Stanford Sequoia, is the author of!
an article on municipal politics In a
recent issue of The Review of Re- j
views.
K.A. Bickel, '07, a former editor of
the Stanford Sequoia, is the author of!
an article on municipal politics In a
recent issue of The Review of Re- j
views.
K.A. Bickel, '07, a former editor of
the Stanford Sequoia, is the author of!
an article on municipal politics In a
recent issue of The Review of Re- j
views.
K.A. Bickel, '07, a former editor of
the Stanford Sequoia, is the author of!
an article on municipal politics In a
recent issue of The Review of Re- j
views.
K.A. Bickel, '07, a former editor of
the Stanford Sequoia, is the author of!
an article on municipal politics In a
recent issue of The Review of Re- j
views.
K.A. Bickel, '07, a former editor of
the Stanford Sequoia, is the author of!
an article on municipal politics In a
recent issue of The Review of Re- j
views.
K.A. Bickel, '07, a former editor of
the Stanford Sequoia, is the author of!
an article on municipal politics In a
recent issue of The Review of Re- j
views.
K.A. Bickel, '07, a former editor of
the Stanford Sequoia, is the author of!
an article on municipal politics In a
recent issue of The Review of Re- j
views.
K.A. Bickel, '07, a former editor of
the Stanford Sequoia, is the author of!
an article on municipal politics In a
recent issue of The Review of Re- j
views.
K.A. Bickel, '07, a former editor of
the Stanford Sequoia, is the author of!
an article on municipal politics In a
recent issue of The Review of Re- j
views.
K.A. Bickel, '07, a former editor of
the Stanford Sequoia, is the author of!
an article on municipal politics In a
recent issue of The Review of Re- j
views.
