# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Owing to the increased work de
manded of the press here, and the ne
cessity for heing able to do more and
quicker work, it is necessary to have
more commodious presses and greater
facilities for turning out work. There
is a good opportunity tor some person
to materially help the student body, or
for the alumni association to show their
appreciation of the efforts of the stu
dents here to put journalism on a sound
basis.
The property could be placed in the
care of a faculty committee or other re
sponsible body at,d be rented or leased
to the student body, which could em
ploy it in printing all University pub
lications. At present the Sequoia is
printed in San Jose and all other Uni
versity publications with the exception
of the Daily Palo Alto have to be is
sued from outside presses.
This is a suggestion that should pro
duce some discussion among the stu
dents. If no outsider can be found
generous enough to give us a press and
accessories, perhaps there is enough in
genuity in the student body to devise
some way of procuring the plant neces
sary upon their own responsibility.
