# Freed U.S. Soldiers Broadcast Messages
## 
### 
LONDON, Feb. 14 (UP). — The
Lublin radio tonight broadcast mes
sages from a few American soldiers
among those freed from German
prison camps in the whirlwind Rus
sian advance. The location of the
prisons where the Americans were
found was not disclosed. The Lub
lin broadcast said only that they
were among the Allied war prison
ers recently liberated in the Rus
sian drive across Poland. Homes of
all the men were on the East Coast.
LONDON, Feb. 14 (UP). — The
Lublin radio tonight broadcast mes
sages from a few American soldiers
among those freed from German
prison camps in the whirlwind Rus
sian advance. The location of the
prisons where the Americans were
found was not disclosed. The Lub
lin broadcast said only that they
were among the Allied war prison
ers recently liberated in the Rus
sian drive across Poland. Homes of
all the men were on the East Coast.
LONDON, Feb. 14 (UP). — The
Lublin radio tonight broadcast mes
sages from a few American soldiers
among those freed from German
prison camps in the whirlwind Rus
sian advance. The location of the
prisons where the Americans were
found was not disclosed. The Lub
lin broadcast said only that they
were among the Allied war prison
ers recently liberated in the Rus
sian drive across Poland. Homes of
all the men were on the East Coast.
LONDON, Feb. 14 (UP). — The
Lublin radio tonight broadcast mes
sages from a few American soldiers
among those freed from German
prison camps in the whirlwind Rus
sian advance. The location of the
prisons where the Americans were
found was not disclosed. The Lub
lin broadcast said only that they
were among the Allied war prison
ers recently liberated in the Rus
sian drive across Poland. Homes of
all the men were on the East Coast.
LONDON, Feb. 14 (UP). — The
Lublin radio tonight broadcast mes
sages from a few American soldiers
among those freed from German
prison camps in the whirlwind Rus
sian advance. The location of the
prisons where the Americans were
found was not disclosed. The Lub
lin broadcast said only that they
were among the Allied war prison
ers recently liberated in the Rus
sian drive across Poland. Homes of
all the men were on the East Coast.
LONDON, Feb. 14 (UP). — The
Lublin radio tonight broadcast mes
sages from a few American soldiers
among those freed from German
prison camps in the whirlwind Rus
sian advance. The location of the
prisons where the Americans were
found was not disclosed. The Lub
lin broadcast said only that they
were among the Allied war prison
ers recently liberated in the Rus
sian drive across Poland. Homes of
all the men were on the East Coast.
LONDON, Feb. 14 (UP). — The
Lublin radio tonight broadcast mes
sages from a few American soldiers
among those freed from German
prison camps in the whirlwind Rus
sian advance. The location of the
prisons where the Americans were
found was not disclosed. The Lub
lin broadcast said only that they
were among the Allied war prison
ers recently liberated in the Rus
sian drive across Poland. Homes of
all the men were on the East Coast.
LONDON, Feb. 14 (UP). — The
Lublin radio tonight broadcast mes
sages from a few American soldiers
among those freed from German
prison camps in the whirlwind Rus
sian advance. The location of the
prisons where the Americans were
found was not disclosed. The Lub
lin broadcast said only that they
were among the Allied war prison
ers recently liberated in the Rus
sian drive across Poland. Homes of
all the men were on the East Coast.
LONDON, Feb. 14 (UP). — The
Lublin radio tonight broadcast mes
sages from a few American soldiers
among those freed from German
prison camps in the whirlwind Rus
sian advance. The location of the
prisons where the Americans were
found was not disclosed. The Lub
lin broadcast said only that they
were among the Allied war prison
ers recently liberated in the Rus
sian drive across Poland. Homes of
all the men were on the East Coast.
LONDON, Feb. 14 (UP). — The
Lublin radio tonight broadcast mes
sages from a few American soldiers
among those freed from German
prison camps in the whirlwind Rus
sian advance. The location of the
prisons where the Americans were
found was not disclosed. The Lub
lin broadcast said only that they
were among the Allied war prison
ers recently liberated in the Rus
sian drive across Poland. Homes of
all the men were on the East Coast.
LONDON, Feb. 14 (UP). — The
Lublin radio tonight broadcast mes
sages from a few American soldiers
among those freed from German
prison camps in the whirlwind Rus
sian advance. The location of the
prisons where the Americans were
found was not disclosed. The Lub
lin broadcast said only that they
were among the Allied war prison
ers recently liberated in the Rus
sian drive across Poland. Homes of
all the men were on the East Coast.
LONDON, Feb. 14 (UP). — The
Lublin radio tonight broadcast mes
sages from a few American soldiers
among those freed from German
prison camps in the whirlwind Rus
sian advance. The location of the
prisons where the Americans were
found was not disclosed. The Lub
lin broadcast said only that they
were among the Allied war prison
ers recently liberated in the Rus
sian drive across Poland. Homes of
all the men were on the East Coast.
LONDON, Feb. 14 (UP). — The
Lublin radio tonight broadcast mes
sages from a few American soldiers
among those freed from German
prison camps in the whirlwind Rus
sian advance. The location of the
prisons where the Americans were
found was not disclosed. The Lub
lin broadcast said only that they
were among the Allied war prison
ers recently liberated in the Rus
sian drive across Poland. Homes of
all the men were on the East Coast.
LONDON, Feb. 14 (UP). — The
Lublin radio tonight broadcast mes
sages from a few American soldiers
among those freed from German
prison camps in the whirlwind Rus
sian advance. The location of the
prisons where the Americans were
found was not disclosed. The Lub
lin broadcast said only that they
were among the Allied war prison
ers recently liberated in the Rus
sian drive across Poland. Homes of
all the men were on the East Coast.
LONDON, Feb. 14 (UP). — The
Lublin radio tonight broadcast mes
sages from a few American soldiers
among those freed from German
prison camps in the whirlwind Rus
sian advance. The location of the
prisons where the Americans were
found was not disclosed. The Lub
lin broadcast said only that they
were among the Allied war prison
ers recently liberated in the Rus
sian drive across Poland. Homes of
all the men were on the East Coast.
