# Unit Houses Elect Heads
## 
### 
The results of the Union Unit in
dividual house elections held Tues
day night are as follows: Union Res
idence—President, Ruth Lewis; vice
president, Cared Kellogg; secretary,
Carol Torreson; treasurer, Georgene
Watrous, and council representative,
Jeanne Cochran.
Elm — President, Carol Atkinson;
re-election for vice-president; sec
retary - treasurer, Shirley Senton,
and council representative, Vicki
Graves.
Hawthorne — President, Marjorie
Dwyer; vice-president, Phyllis Co
hen; secretary, Carmen Fugua;
treasurer, Rita Artschwager, and
council representative, Dorothy
Stubhs.
Madrono — President, Carol Hur
witz; vice - president and social
chairman, Dede Bergerot; secretary,
Martha McCarn; treasurer, Coot
Coffin, and a rcvote for council rep
resentative.
Manzanita—President, Gail Irvine;
vice-president, Lome Sreeman; sec
retary, Midge Hexter; treasurer,
Jesse Billon, and council representa
tive, Elaine Skahan.
Mariposa—President, Maxine Ar
nold; vice-president, Barbara War
ren; secretary, Mary Ann Eckstrom;
treasurer, Bcatty O'Hair, and coun
cil representative, Emalee Sala.
Oaks—President, Vivian Cortese;
vice-president, Chris Beck; secre
tary, Charlotte Tilton; treasurer,
Jackie Boucher, and council repre
sentative, Marilyn Roughton.
Redwoods — President, Marie Jo
McGervey; vice-president, Maxine
Hedges; secretary, Lois Pringlc;
treasurer, Pat Thomas, and council
representative, Jean McJannet.
