# Chapel Services to Resume Sunday.
## 
### 
Services of Public Worship will be
.resumed for the present college year,
next Sunday morning at 11 o'clock
in the Chapel. This building will be
used as a house of worship until the
restoration of the Memorial Church.
The Chapel Services are entirely
undenominational in character, and
preachers of various churches will
occupy the pulpit on alternate Sun
days. The seats are free and students
and members of the faculty are in
vited to attend. The hours of worship
will be Wednesdays at 4:30 and Sun
days at 11 o'clock.
Services of Public Worship will be
.resumed for the present college year,
next Sunday morning at 11 o'clock
in the Chapel. This building will be
used as a house of worship until the
restoration of the Memorial Church.
The Chapel Services are entirely
undenominational in character, and
preachers of various churches will
occupy the pulpit on alternate Sun
days. The seats are free and students
and members of the faculty are in
vited to attend. The hours of worship
will be Wednesdays at 4:30 and Sun
days at 11 o'clock.
Services of Public Worship will be
.resumed for the present college year,
next Sunday morning at 11 o'clock
in the Chapel. This building will be
used as a house of worship until the
restoration of the Memorial Church.
The Chapel Services are entirely
undenominational in character, and
preachers of various churches will
occupy the pulpit on alternate Sun
days. The seats are free and students
and members of the faculty are in
vited to attend. The hours of worship
will be Wednesdays at 4:30 and Sun
days at 11 o'clock.
Services of Public Worship will be
.resumed for the present college year,
next Sunday morning at 11 o'clock
in the Chapel. This building will be
used as a house of worship until the
restoration of the Memorial Church.
The Chapel Services are entirely
undenominational in character, and
preachers of various churches will
occupy the pulpit on alternate Sun
days. The seats are free and students
and members of the faculty are in
vited to attend. The hours of worship
will be Wednesdays at 4:30 and Sun
days at 11 o'clock.
Services of Public Worship will be
.resumed for the present college year,
next Sunday morning at 11 o'clock
in the Chapel. This building will be
used as a house of worship until the
restoration of the Memorial Church.
The Chapel Services are entirely
undenominational in character, and
preachers of various churches will
occupy the pulpit on alternate Sun
days. The seats are free and students
and members of the faculty are in
vited to attend. The hours of worship
will be Wednesdays at 4:30 and Sun
days at 11 o'clock.
Services of Public Worship will be
.resumed for the present college year,
next Sunday morning at 11 o'clock
in the Chapel. This building will be
used as a house of worship until the
restoration of the Memorial Church.
The Chapel Services are entirely
undenominational in character, and
preachers of various churches will
occupy the pulpit on alternate Sun
days. The seats are free and students
and members of the faculty are in
vited to attend. The hours of worship
will be Wednesdays at 4:30 and Sun
days at 11 o'clock.
Services of Public Worship will be
.resumed for the present college year,
next Sunday morning at 11 o'clock
in the Chapel. This building will be
used as a house of worship until the
restoration of the Memorial Church.
The Chapel Services are entirely
undenominational in character, and
preachers of various churches will
occupy the pulpit on alternate Sun
days. The seats are free and students
and members of the faculty are in
vited to attend. The hours of worship
will be Wednesdays at 4:30 and Sun
days at 11 o'clock.
Services of Public Worship will be
.resumed for the present college year,
next Sunday morning at 11 o'clock
in the Chapel. This building will be
used as a house of worship until the
restoration of the Memorial Church.
The Chapel Services are entirely
undenominational in character, and
preachers of various churches will
occupy the pulpit on alternate Sun
days. The seats are free and students
and members of the faculty are in
vited to attend. The hours of worship
will be Wednesdays at 4:30 and Sun
days at 11 o'clock.
Services of Public Worship will be
.resumed for the present college year,
next Sunday morning at 11 o'clock
in the Chapel. This building will be
used as a house of worship until the
restoration of the Memorial Church.
The Chapel Services are entirely
undenominational in character, and
preachers of various churches will
occupy the pulpit on alternate Sun
days. The seats are free and students
and members of the faculty are in
vited to attend. The hours of worship
will be Wednesdays at 4:30 and Sun
days at 11 o'clock.
Services of Public Worship will be
.resumed for the present college year,
next Sunday morning at 11 o'clock
in the Chapel. This building will be
used as a house of worship until the
restoration of the Memorial Church.
The Chapel Services are entirely
undenominational in character, and
preachers of various churches will
occupy the pulpit on alternate Sun
days. The seats are free and students
and members of the faculty are in
vited to attend. The hours of worship
will be Wednesdays at 4:30 and Sun
days at 11 o'clock.
