# Taxmen Fired in Purine
## 
### 
W ASIIINGTON-—Thirty-one em
ployees of the scandal-rocked In
ternal Revenue Bureau, including
San Francisco Tax Collector J;imes
G. Smyth, were fired or forced to
resign today in the biggest mass
"purge" in recent government his
tory.
W ASIIINGTON-—Thirty-one em
ployees of the scandal-rocked In
ternal Revenue Bureau, including
San Francisco Tax Collector J;imes
G. Smyth, were fired or forced to
resign today in the biggest mass
"purge" in recent government his
tory.
W ASIIINGTON-—Thirty-one em
ployees of the scandal-rocked In
ternal Revenue Bureau, including
San Francisco Tax Collector J;imes
G. Smyth, were fired or forced to
resign today in the biggest mass
"purge" in recent government his
tory.
W ASIIINGTON-—Thirty-one em
ployees of the scandal-rocked In
ternal Revenue Bureau, including
San Francisco Tax Collector J;imes
G. Smyth, were fired or forced to
resign today in the biggest mass
"purge" in recent government his
tory.
W ASIIINGTON-—Thirty-one em
ployees of the scandal-rocked In
ternal Revenue Bureau, including
San Francisco Tax Collector J;imes
G. Smyth, were fired or forced to
resign today in the biggest mass
"purge" in recent government his
tory.
W ASIIINGTON-—Thirty-one em
ployees of the scandal-rocked In
ternal Revenue Bureau, including
San Francisco Tax Collector J;imes
G. Smyth, were fired or forced to
resign today in the biggest mass
"purge" in recent government his
tory.
W ASIIINGTON-—Thirty-one em
ployees of the scandal-rocked In
ternal Revenue Bureau, including
San Francisco Tax Collector J;imes
G. Smyth, were fired or forced to
resign today in the biggest mass
"purge" in recent government his
tory.
W ASIIINGTON-—Thirty-one em
ployees of the scandal-rocked In
ternal Revenue Bureau, including
San Francisco Tax Collector J;imes
G. Smyth, were fired or forced to
resign today in the biggest mass
"purge" in recent government his
tory.
W ASIIINGTON-—Thirty-one em
ployees of the scandal-rocked In
ternal Revenue Bureau, including
San Francisco Tax Collector J;imes
G. Smyth, were fired or forced to
resign today in the biggest mass
"purge" in recent government his
tory.
W ASIIINGTON-—Thirty-one em
ployees of the scandal-rocked In
ternal Revenue Bureau, including
San Francisco Tax Collector J;imes
G. Smyth, were fired or forced to
resign today in the biggest mass
"purge" in recent government his
tory.
W ASIIINGTON-—Thirty-one em
ployees of the scandal-rocked In
ternal Revenue Bureau, including
San Francisco Tax Collector J;imes
G. Smyth, were fired or forced to
resign today in the biggest mass
"purge" in recent government his
tory.
W ASIIINGTON-—Thirty-one em
ployees of the scandal-rocked In
ternal Revenue Bureau, including
San Francisco Tax Collector J;imes
G. Smyth, were fired or forced to
resign today in the biggest mass
"purge" in recent government his
tory.
W ASIIINGTON-—Thirty-one em
ployees of the scandal-rocked In
ternal Revenue Bureau, including
San Francisco Tax Collector J;imes
G. Smyth, were fired or forced to
resign today in the biggest mass
"purge" in recent government his
tory.
W ASIIINGTON-—Thirty-one em
ployees of the scandal-rocked In
ternal Revenue Bureau, including
San Francisco Tax Collector J;imes
G. Smyth, were fired or forced to
resign today in the biggest mass
"purge" in recent government his
tory.
W ASIIINGTON-—Thirty-one em
ployees of the scandal-rocked In
ternal Revenue Bureau, including
San Francisco Tax Collector J;imes
G. Smyth, were fired or forced to
resign today in the biggest mass
"purge" in recent government his
tory.
