# Tax Bill Cuts Ticket Hales
## 
### 
The tax bill passed by Coneress
providing for theatrical productions
offered hy educational institutions
to be free of the 20 per cent enter
tainment tax will enable the Stan
ford Players to reduce their prices
for future plays.
"The Good Woman of Setzuan" by
Berthold Brecht, to he presented in
the Little Theater Jan. .'5O through
Feb. 2, will he the fir; t Stanford
Players presentation to be affected
hy this bill, which went into effect
Nov. 1.
The tax bill passed by Coneress
providing for theatrical productions
offered hy educational institutions
to be free of the 20 per cent enter
tainment tax will enable the Stan
ford Players to reduce their prices
for future plays.
"The Good Woman of Setzuan" by
Berthold Brecht, to he presented in
the Little Theater Jan. .'5O through
Feb. 2, will he the fir; t Stanford
Players presentation to be affected
hy this bill, which went into effect
Nov. 1.
The tax bill passed by Coneress
providing for theatrical productions
offered hy educational institutions
to be free of the 20 per cent enter
tainment tax will enable the Stan
ford Players to reduce their prices
for future plays.
"The Good Woman of Setzuan" by
Berthold Brecht, to he presented in
the Little Theater Jan. .'5O through
Feb. 2, will he the fir; t Stanford
Players presentation to be affected
hy this bill, which went into effect
Nov. 1.
The tax bill passed by Coneress
providing for theatrical productions
offered hy educational institutions
to be free of the 20 per cent enter
tainment tax will enable the Stan
ford Players to reduce their prices
for future plays.
"The Good Woman of Setzuan" by
Berthold Brecht, to he presented in
the Little Theater Jan. .'5O through
Feb. 2, will he the fir; t Stanford
Players presentation to be affected
hy this bill, which went into effect
Nov. 1.
The tax bill passed by Coneress
providing for theatrical productions
offered hy educational institutions
to be free of the 20 per cent enter
tainment tax will enable the Stan
ford Players to reduce their prices
for future plays.
"The Good Woman of Setzuan" by
Berthold Brecht, to he presented in
the Little Theater Jan. .'5O through
Feb. 2, will he the fir; t Stanford
Players presentation to be affected
hy this bill, which went into effect
Nov. 1.
The tax bill passed by Coneress
providing for theatrical productions
offered hy educational institutions
to be free of the 20 per cent enter
tainment tax will enable the Stan
ford Players to reduce their prices
for future plays.
"The Good Woman of Setzuan" by
Berthold Brecht, to he presented in
the Little Theater Jan. .'5O through
Feb. 2, will he the fir; t Stanford
Players presentation to be affected
hy this bill, which went into effect
Nov. 1.
The tax bill passed by Coneress
providing for theatrical productions
offered hy educational institutions
to be free of the 20 per cent enter
tainment tax will enable the Stan
ford Players to reduce their prices
for future plays.
"The Good Woman of Setzuan" by
Berthold Brecht, to he presented in
the Little Theater Jan. .'5O through
Feb. 2, will he the fir; t Stanford
Players presentation to be affected
hy this bill, which went into effect
Nov. 1.
The tax bill passed by Coneress
providing for theatrical productions
offered hy educational institutions
to be free of the 20 per cent enter
tainment tax will enable the Stan
ford Players to reduce their prices
for future plays.
"The Good Woman of Setzuan" by
Berthold Brecht, to he presented in
the Little Theater Jan. .'5O through
Feb. 2, will he the fir; t Stanford
Players presentation to be affected
hy this bill, which went into effect
Nov. 1.
The tax bill passed by Coneress
providing for theatrical productions
offered hy educational institutions
to be free of the 20 per cent enter
tainment tax will enable the Stan
ford Players to reduce their prices
for future plays.
"The Good Woman of Setzuan" by
Berthold Brecht, to he presented in
the Little Theater Jan. .'5O through
Feb. 2, will he the fir; t Stanford
Players presentation to be affected
hy this bill, which went into effect
Nov. 1.
The tax bill passed by Coneress
providing for theatrical productions
offered hy educational institutions
to be free of the 20 per cent enter
tainment tax will enable the Stan
ford Players to reduce their prices
for future plays.
"The Good Woman of Setzuan" by
Berthold Brecht, to he presented in
the Little Theater Jan. .'5O through
Feb. 2, will he the fir; t Stanford
Players presentation to be affected
hy this bill, which went into effect
Nov. 1.
The tax bill passed by Coneress
providing for theatrical productions
offered hy educational institutions
to be free of the 20 per cent enter
tainment tax will enable the Stan
ford Players to reduce their prices
for future plays.
"The Good Woman of Setzuan" by
Berthold Brecht, to he presented in
the Little Theater Jan. .'5O through
Feb. 2, will he the fir; t Stanford
Players presentation to be affected
hy this bill, which went into effect
Nov. 1.
The tax bill passed by Coneress
providing for theatrical productions
offered hy educational institutions
to be free of the 20 per cent enter
tainment tax will enable the Stan
ford Players to reduce their prices
for future plays.
"The Good Woman of Setzuan" by
Berthold Brecht, to he presented in
the Little Theater Jan. .'5O through
Feb. 2, will he the fir; t Stanford
Players presentation to be affected
hy this bill, which went into effect
Nov. 1.
The tax bill passed by Coneress
providing for theatrical productions
offered hy educational institutions
to be free of the 20 per cent enter
tainment tax will enable the Stan
ford Players to reduce their prices
for future plays.
"The Good Woman of Setzuan" by
Berthold Brecht, to he presented in
the Little Theater Jan. .'5O through
Feb. 2, will he the fir; t Stanford
Players presentation to be affected
hy this bill, which went into effect
Nov. 1.
The tax bill passed by Coneress
providing for theatrical productions
offered hy educational institutions
to be free of the 20 per cent enter
tainment tax will enable the Stan
ford Players to reduce their prices
for future plays.
"The Good Woman of Setzuan" by
Berthold Brecht, to he presented in
the Little Theater Jan. .'5O through
Feb. 2, will he the fir; t Stanford
Players presentation to be affected
hy this bill, which went into effect
Nov. 1.
The tax bill passed by Coneress
providing for theatrical productions
offered hy educational institutions
to be free of the 20 per cent enter
tainment tax will enable the Stan
ford Players to reduce their prices
for future plays.
"The Good Woman of Setzuan" by
Berthold Brecht, to he presented in
the Little Theater Jan. .'5O through
Feb. 2, will he the fir; t Stanford
Players presentation to be affected
hy this bill, which went into effect
Nov. 1.
