# INSIDE
## 
### 
Not ready for
a computer career just yet,
spectacular spiker shows
his stuff.
See Sports, page 9

Prime
Minister Maiziere becomes
East Germany's first freely
elected head.
See World & Nation, page 3

Time
for another really profound
question from The Stanford
Daily.
See Diversions, page 7

Not ready for
a computer career just yet,
spectacular spiker shows
his stuff.
See Sports, page 9

Prime
Minister Maiziere becomes
East Germany's first freely
elected head.
See World & Nation, page 3

Time
for another really profound
question from The Stanford
Daily.
See Diversions, page 7

Not ready for
a computer career just yet,
spectacular spiker shows
his stuff.
See Sports, page 9

Prime
Minister Maiziere becomes
East Germany's first freely
elected head.
See World & Nation, page 3

Time
for another really profound
question from The Stanford
Daily.
See Diversions, page 7

Not ready for
a computer career just yet,
spectacular spiker shows
his stuff.
See Sports, page 9

Prime
Minister Maiziere becomes
East Germany's first freely
elected head.
See World & Nation, page 3

Time
for another really profound
question from The Stanford
Daily.
See Diversions, page 7

Not ready for
a computer career just yet,
spectacular spiker shows
his stuff.
See Sports, page 9

Prime
Minister Maiziere becomes
East Germany's first freely
elected head.
See World & Nation, page 3

Time
for another really profound
question from The Stanford
Daily.
See Diversions, page 7

Not ready for
a computer career just yet,
spectacular spiker shows
his stuff.
See Sports, page 9

Prime
Minister Maiziere becomes
East Germany's first freely
elected head.
See World & Nation, page 3

Time
for another really profound
question from The Stanford
Daily.
See Diversions, page 7

Not ready for
a computer career just yet,
spectacular spiker shows
his stuff.
See Sports, page 9

Prime
Minister Maiziere becomes
East Germany's first freely
elected head.
See World & Nation, page 3

Time
for another really profound
question from The Stanford
Daily.
See Diversions, page 7

