# Adv. 1 Page 2
## 
### 
STUDIO COURT
TEA ROOM
Above the Gotham Shop
526 Ramona St.
Palo Alto
Where good fellows get
together for luncheon
or dinner
STUDIO COURT
TEA ROOM
Above the Gotham Shop
526 Ramona St.
Palo Alto
Where good fellows get
together for luncheon
or dinner
STUDIO COURT
TEA ROOM
Above the Gotham Shop
526 Ramona St.
Palo Alto
Where good fellows get
together for luncheon
or dinner
STUDIO COURT
TEA ROOM
Above the Gotham Shop
526 Ramona St.
Palo Alto
Where good fellows get
together for luncheon
or dinner
STUDIO COURT
TEA ROOM
Above the Gotham Shop
526 Ramona St.
Palo Alto
Where good fellows get
together for luncheon
or dinner
STUDIO COURT
TEA ROOM
Above the Gotham Shop
526 Ramona St.
Palo Alto
Where good fellows get
together for luncheon
or dinner
STUDIO COURT
TEA ROOM
Above the Gotham Shop
526 Ramona St.
Palo Alto
Where good fellows get
together for luncheon
or dinner
STUDIO COURT
TEA ROOM
Above the Gotham Shop
526 Ramona St.
Palo Alto
Where good fellows get
together for luncheon
or dinner
STUDIO COURT
TEA ROOM
Above the Gotham Shop
526 Ramona St.
Palo Alto
Where good fellows get
together for luncheon
or dinner
STUDIO COURT
TEA ROOM
Above the Gotham Shop
526 Ramona St.
Palo Alto
Where good fellows get
together for luncheon
or dinner
STUDIO COURT
TEA ROOM
Above the Gotham Shop
526 Ramona St.
Palo Alto
Where good fellows get
together for luncheon
or dinner
STUDIO COURT
TEA ROOM
Above the Gotham Shop
526 Ramona St.
Palo Alto
Where good fellows get
together for luncheon
or dinner
STUDIO COURT
TEA ROOM
Above the Gotham Shop
526 Ramona St.
Palo Alto
Where good fellows get
together for luncheon
or dinner
STUDIO COURT
TEA ROOM
Above the Gotham Shop
526 Ramona St.
Palo Alto
Where good fellows get
together for luncheon
or dinner
STUDIO COURT
TEA ROOM
Above the Gotham Shop
526 Ramona St.
Palo Alto
Where good fellows get
together for luncheon
or dinner
