# Dr. J.H. Priestley Ill; Lecture Postponed
## 
### 
The illustrated lecture on "Light
and the Growth of Plants" which is
scheduled on (lie University weekly
calendar for Thursday evening lias
been postponed on account of the ill
ness of Dr. J. H. Priestley who was
to speak.
The illustrated lecture on "Light
and the Growth of Plants" which is
scheduled on (lie University weekly
calendar for Thursday evening lias
been postponed on account of the ill
ness of Dr. J. H. Priestley who was
to speak.
The illustrated lecture on "Light
and the Growth of Plants" which is
scheduled on (lie University weekly
calendar for Thursday evening lias
been postponed on account of the ill
ness of Dr. J. H. Priestley who was
to speak.
The illustrated lecture on "Light
and the Growth of Plants" which is
scheduled on (lie University weekly
calendar for Thursday evening lias
been postponed on account of the ill
ness of Dr. J. H. Priestley who was
to speak.
The illustrated lecture on "Light
and the Growth of Plants" which is
scheduled on (lie University weekly
calendar for Thursday evening lias
been postponed on account of the ill
ness of Dr. J. H. Priestley who was
to speak.
The illustrated lecture on "Light
and the Growth of Plants" which is
scheduled on (lie University weekly
calendar for Thursday evening lias
been postponed on account of the ill
ness of Dr. J. H. Priestley who was
to speak.
The illustrated lecture on "Light
and the Growth of Plants" which is
scheduled on (lie University weekly
calendar for Thursday evening lias
been postponed on account of the ill
ness of Dr. J. H. Priestley who was
to speak.
The illustrated lecture on "Light
and the Growth of Plants" which is
scheduled on (lie University weekly
calendar for Thursday evening lias
been postponed on account of the ill
ness of Dr. J. H. Priestley who was
to speak.
The illustrated lecture on "Light
and the Growth of Plants" which is
scheduled on (lie University weekly
calendar for Thursday evening lias
been postponed on account of the ill
ness of Dr. J. H. Priestley who was
to speak.
The illustrated lecture on "Light
and the Growth of Plants" which is
scheduled on (lie University weekly
calendar for Thursday evening lias
been postponed on account of the ill
ness of Dr. J. H. Priestley who was
to speak.
The illustrated lecture on "Light
and the Growth of Plants" which is
scheduled on (lie University weekly
calendar for Thursday evening lias
been postponed on account of the ill
ness of Dr. J. H. Priestley who was
to speak.
The illustrated lecture on "Light
and the Growth of Plants" which is
scheduled on (lie University weekly
calendar for Thursday evening lias
been postponed on account of the ill
ness of Dr. J. H. Priestley who was
to speak.
The illustrated lecture on "Light
and the Growth of Plants" which is
scheduled on (lie University weekly
calendar for Thursday evening lias
been postponed on account of the ill
ness of Dr. J. H. Priestley who was
to speak.
The illustrated lecture on "Light
and the Growth of Plants" which is
scheduled on (lie University weekly
calendar for Thursday evening lias
been postponed on account of the ill
ness of Dr. J. H. Priestley who was
to speak.
The illustrated lecture on "Light
and the Growth of Plants" which is
scheduled on (lie University weekly
calendar for Thursday evening lias
been postponed on account of the ill
ness of Dr. J. H. Priestley who was
to speak.
