# May Form Equal Suffrage League.
## 
### 
A meeting will be held Friday af
ternoon at the home of Mrs. C. A.
Duniway, 5 Alvarado Row, to discuss
plans for the formation of a Stan
ford branch of the National Equal
Suffrage League of college and pro
fessional women.
There is an active branch of the
h ague in San Francisco, which is
composed chiefly of graduate women
of the University of California and
Stanford. The organization exists in
many colleges and universities today,
Bryn Mawr having the strongest
branch. The formation of a Stanford
branch was first suggested by Mrs.
Mary Hood Parke, of Boston, who
addressed the Women's League at
their last meeting.
The local branch will aim to have
three prominent speakers during the
year to arouse interest among the
women. All women interested in the
organization are invited to be pres
ent Friday afternoon.
A meeting will be held Friday af
ternoon at the home of Mrs. C. A.
Duniway, 5 Alvarado Row, to discuss
plans for the formation of a Stan
ford branch of the National Equal
Suffrage League of college and pro
fessional women.
There is an active branch of the
h ague in San Francisco, which is
composed chiefly of graduate women
of the University of California and
Stanford. The organization exists in
many colleges and universities today,
Bryn Mawr having the strongest
branch. The formation of a Stanford
branch was first suggested by Mrs.
Mary Hood Parke, of Boston, who
addressed the Women's League at
their last meeting.
The local branch will aim to have
three prominent speakers during the
year to arouse interest among the
women. All women interested in the
organization are invited to be pres
ent Friday afternoon.
A meeting will be held Friday af
ternoon at the home of Mrs. C. A.
Duniway, 5 Alvarado Row, to discuss
plans for the formation of a Stan
ford branch of the National Equal
Suffrage League of college and pro
fessional women.
There is an active branch of the
h ague in San Francisco, which is
composed chiefly of graduate women
of the University of California and
Stanford. The organization exists in
many colleges and universities today,
Bryn Mawr having the strongest
branch. The formation of a Stanford
branch was first suggested by Mrs.
Mary Hood Parke, of Boston, who
addressed the Women's League at
their last meeting.
The local branch will aim to have
three prominent speakers during the
year to arouse interest among the
women. All women interested in the
organization are invited to be pres
ent Friday afternoon.
A meeting will be held Friday af
ternoon at the home of Mrs. C. A.
Duniway, 5 Alvarado Row, to discuss
plans for the formation of a Stan
ford branch of the National Equal
Suffrage League of college and pro
fessional women.
There is an active branch of the
h ague in San Francisco, which is
composed chiefly of graduate women
of the University of California and
Stanford. The organization exists in
many colleges and universities today,
Bryn Mawr having the strongest
branch. The formation of a Stanford
branch was first suggested by Mrs.
Mary Hood Parke, of Boston, who
addressed the Women's League at
their last meeting.
The local branch will aim to have
three prominent speakers during the
year to arouse interest among the
women. All women interested in the
organization are invited to be pres
ent Friday afternoon.
A meeting will be held Friday af
ternoon at the home of Mrs. C. A.
Duniway, 5 Alvarado Row, to discuss
plans for the formation of a Stan
ford branch of the National Equal
Suffrage League of college and pro
fessional women.
There is an active branch of the
h ague in San Francisco, which is
composed chiefly of graduate women
of the University of California and
Stanford. The organization exists in
many colleges and universities today,
Bryn Mawr having the strongest
branch. The formation of a Stanford
branch was first suggested by Mrs.
Mary Hood Parke, of Boston, who
addressed the Women's League at
their last meeting.
The local branch will aim to have
three prominent speakers during the
year to arouse interest among the
women. All women interested in the
organization are invited to be pres
ent Friday afternoon.
A meeting will be held Friday af
ternoon at the home of Mrs. C. A.
Duniway, 5 Alvarado Row, to discuss
plans for the formation of a Stan
ford branch of the National Equal
Suffrage League of college and pro
fessional women.
There is an active branch of the
h ague in San Francisco, which is
composed chiefly of graduate women
of the University of California and
Stanford. The organization exists in
many colleges and universities today,
Bryn Mawr having the strongest
branch. The formation of a Stanford
branch was first suggested by Mrs.
Mary Hood Parke, of Boston, who
addressed the Women's League at
their last meeting.
The local branch will aim to have
three prominent speakers during the
year to arouse interest among the
women. All women interested in the
organization are invited to be pres
ent Friday afternoon.
A meeting will be held Friday af
ternoon at the home of Mrs. C. A.
Duniway, 5 Alvarado Row, to discuss
plans for the formation of a Stan
ford branch of the National Equal
Suffrage League of college and pro
fessional women.
There is an active branch of the
h ague in San Francisco, which is
composed chiefly of graduate women
of the University of California and
Stanford. The organization exists in
many colleges and universities today,
Bryn Mawr having the strongest
branch. The formation of a Stanford
branch was first suggested by Mrs.
Mary Hood Parke, of Boston, who
addressed the Women's League at
their last meeting.
The local branch will aim to have
three prominent speakers during the
year to arouse interest among the
women. All women interested in the
organization are invited to be pres
ent Friday afternoon.
A meeting will be held Friday af
ternoon at the home of Mrs. C. A.
Duniway, 5 Alvarado Row, to discuss
plans for the formation of a Stan
ford branch of the National Equal
Suffrage League of college and pro
fessional women.
There is an active branch of the
h ague in San Francisco, which is
composed chiefly of graduate women
of the University of California and
Stanford. The organization exists in
many colleges and universities today,
Bryn Mawr having the strongest
branch. The formation of a Stanford
branch was first suggested by Mrs.
Mary Hood Parke, of Boston, who
addressed the Women's League at
their last meeting.
The local branch will aim to have
three prominent speakers during the
year to arouse interest among the
women. All women interested in the
organization are invited to be pres
ent Friday afternoon.
A meeting will be held Friday af
ternoon at the home of Mrs. C. A.
Duniway, 5 Alvarado Row, to discuss
plans for the formation of a Stan
ford branch of the National Equal
Suffrage League of college and pro
fessional women.
There is an active branch of the
h ague in San Francisco, which is
composed chiefly of graduate women
of the University of California and
Stanford. The organization exists in
many colleges and universities today,
Bryn Mawr having the strongest
branch. The formation of a Stanford
branch was first suggested by Mrs.
Mary Hood Parke, of Boston, who
addressed the Women's League at
their last meeting.
The local branch will aim to have
three prominent speakers during the
year to arouse interest among the
women. All women interested in the
organization are invited to be pres
ent Friday afternoon.
A meeting will be held Friday af
ternoon at the home of Mrs. C. A.
Duniway, 5 Alvarado Row, to discuss
plans for the formation of a Stan
ford branch of the National Equal
Suffrage League of college and pro
fessional women.
There is an active branch of the
h ague in San Francisco, which is
composed chiefly of graduate women
of the University of California and
Stanford. The organization exists in
many colleges and universities today,
Bryn Mawr having the strongest
branch. The formation of a Stanford
branch was first suggested by Mrs.
Mary Hood Parke, of Boston, who
addressed the Women's League at
their last meeting.
The local branch will aim to have
three prominent speakers during the
year to arouse interest among the
women. All women interested in the
organization are invited to be pres
ent Friday afternoon.
