# WILL TELL OF INDIANS.
## Dr. George L. Spining Will Lecture Thursday on Reservations of Northern California. 
### 
Dr. George L. Spining, special rep
resentative of the Northern Cal
ifornia Indian Association, will lec
ture in the Chapel Thursday after
noon at 1:30.
The association is organized for
the purpose of improving the condi
tions of the Indians on the reserva
tions in Northern California, espec
ially in Siskiyou county. Already
they have secured an appropriation
from the government to be used for
furthering the education of the In
dians and their physical comfort. Dr.
Spilling is an eloquent champion of
the work of this association. In re
gard to the work Dr. Spilling says:
"There needs to be an awakening
of public, sentiment throughout the
State of California, and I have no
doubt that what the people need on
this subject is the facts as they ac
tually exist, in order to induce uni
ted action. It is not. right that the
present state of things should exist
in this Christian land and in the
great and prosperous State of Cal
ifornia. No living man could make
progress if he were handicapped as
these Indians have been, and are
now."
Dr. George L. Spining, special rep
resentative of the Northern Cal
ifornia Indian Association, will lec
ture in the Chapel Thursday after
noon at 1:30.
The association is organized for
the purpose of improving the condi
tions of the Indians on the reserva
tions in Northern California, espec
ially in Siskiyou county. Already
they have secured an appropriation
from the government to be used for
furthering the education of the In
dians and their physical comfort. Dr.
Spilling is an eloquent champion of
the work of this association. In re
gard to the work Dr. Spilling says:
"There needs to be an awakening
of public, sentiment throughout the
State of California, and I have no
doubt that what the people need on
this subject is the facts as they ac
tually exist, in order to induce uni
ted action. It is not. right that the
present state of things should exist
in this Christian land and in the
great and prosperous State of Cal
ifornia. No living man could make
progress if he were handicapped as
these Indians have been, and are
now."
Dr. George L. Spining, special rep
resentative of the Northern Cal
ifornia Indian Association, will lec
ture in the Chapel Thursday after
noon at 1:30.
The association is organized for
the purpose of improving the condi
tions of the Indians on the reserva
tions in Northern California, espec
ially in Siskiyou county. Already
they have secured an appropriation
from the government to be used for
furthering the education of the In
dians and their physical comfort. Dr.
Spilling is an eloquent champion of
the work of this association. In re
gard to the work Dr. Spilling says:
"There needs to be an awakening
of public, sentiment throughout the
State of California, and I have no
doubt that what the people need on
this subject is the facts as they ac
tually exist, in order to induce uni
ted action. It is not. right that the
present state of things should exist
in this Christian land and in the
great and prosperous State of Cal
ifornia. No living man could make
progress if he were handicapped as
these Indians have been, and are
now."
Dr. George L. Spining, special rep
resentative of the Northern Cal
ifornia Indian Association, will lec
ture in the Chapel Thursday after
noon at 1:30.
The association is organized for
the purpose of improving the condi
tions of the Indians on the reserva
tions in Northern California, espec
ially in Siskiyou county. Already
they have secured an appropriation
from the government to be used for
furthering the education of the In
dians and their physical comfort. Dr.
Spilling is an eloquent champion of
the work of this association. In re
gard to the work Dr. Spilling says:
"There needs to be an awakening
of public, sentiment throughout the
State of California, and I have no
doubt that what the people need on
this subject is the facts as they ac
tually exist, in order to induce uni
ted action. It is not. right that the
present state of things should exist
in this Christian land and in the
great and prosperous State of Cal
ifornia. No living man could make
progress if he were handicapped as
these Indians have been, and are
now."
Dr. George L. Spining, special rep
resentative of the Northern Cal
ifornia Indian Association, will lec
ture in the Chapel Thursday after
noon at 1:30.
The association is organized for
the purpose of improving the condi
tions of the Indians on the reserva
tions in Northern California, espec
ially in Siskiyou county. Already
they have secured an appropriation
from the government to be used for
furthering the education of the In
dians and their physical comfort. Dr.
Spilling is an eloquent champion of
the work of this association. In re
gard to the work Dr. Spilling says:
"There needs to be an awakening
of public, sentiment throughout the
State of California, and I have no
doubt that what the people need on
this subject is the facts as they ac
tually exist, in order to induce uni
ted action. It is not. right that the
present state of things should exist
in this Christian land and in the
great and prosperous State of Cal
ifornia. No living man could make
progress if he were handicapped as
these Indians have been, and are
now."
Dr. George L. Spining, special rep
resentative of the Northern Cal
ifornia Indian Association, will lec
ture in the Chapel Thursday after
noon at 1:30.
The association is organized for
the purpose of improving the condi
tions of the Indians on the reserva
tions in Northern California, espec
ially in Siskiyou county. Already
they have secured an appropriation
from the government to be used for
furthering the education of the In
dians and their physical comfort. Dr.
Spilling is an eloquent champion of
the work of this association. In re
gard to the work Dr. Spilling says:
"There needs to be an awakening
of public, sentiment throughout the
State of California, and I have no
doubt that what the people need on
this subject is the facts as they ac
tually exist, in order to induce uni
ted action. It is not. right that the
present state of things should exist
in this Christian land and in the
great and prosperous State of Cal
ifornia. No living man could make
progress if he were handicapped as
these Indians have been, and are
now."
Dr. George L. Spining, special rep
resentative of the Northern Cal
ifornia Indian Association, will lec
ture in the Chapel Thursday after
noon at 1:30.
The association is organized for
the purpose of improving the condi
tions of the Indians on the reserva
tions in Northern California, espec
ially in Siskiyou county. Already
they have secured an appropriation
from the government to be used for
furthering the education of the In
dians and their physical comfort. Dr.
Spilling is an eloquent champion of
the work of this association. In re
gard to the work Dr. Spilling says:
"There needs to be an awakening
of public, sentiment throughout the
State of California, and I have no
doubt that what the people need on
this subject is the facts as they ac
tually exist, in order to induce uni
ted action. It is not. right that the
present state of things should exist
in this Christian land and in the
great and prosperous State of Cal
ifornia. No living man could make
progress if he were handicapped as
these Indians have been, and are
now."
Dr. George L. Spining, special rep
resentative of the Northern Cal
ifornia Indian Association, will lec
ture in the Chapel Thursday after
noon at 1:30.
The association is organized for
the purpose of improving the condi
tions of the Indians on the reserva
tions in Northern California, espec
ially in Siskiyou county. Already
they have secured an appropriation
from the government to be used for
furthering the education of the In
dians and their physical comfort. Dr.
Spilling is an eloquent champion of
the work of this association. In re
gard to the work Dr. Spilling says:
"There needs to be an awakening
of public, sentiment throughout the
State of California, and I have no
doubt that what the people need on
this subject is the facts as they ac
tually exist, in order to induce uni
ted action. It is not. right that the
present state of things should exist
in this Christian land and in the
great and prosperous State of Cal
ifornia. No living man could make
progress if he were handicapped as
these Indians have been, and are
now."
Dr. George L. Spining, special rep
resentative of the Northern Cal
ifornia Indian Association, will lec
ture in the Chapel Thursday after
noon at 1:30.
The association is organized for
the purpose of improving the condi
tions of the Indians on the reserva
tions in Northern California, espec
ially in Siskiyou county. Already
they have secured an appropriation
from the government to be used for
furthering the education of the In
dians and their physical comfort. Dr.
Spilling is an eloquent champion of
the work of this association. In re
gard to the work Dr. Spilling says:
"There needs to be an awakening
of public, sentiment throughout the
State of California, and I have no
doubt that what the people need on
this subject is the facts as they ac
tually exist, in order to induce uni
ted action. It is not. right that the
present state of things should exist
in this Christian land and in the
great and prosperous State of Cal
ifornia. No living man could make
progress if he were handicapped as
these Indians have been, and are
now."
Dr. George L. Spining, special rep
resentative of the Northern Cal
ifornia Indian Association, will lec
ture in the Chapel Thursday after
noon at 1:30.
The association is organized for
the purpose of improving the condi
tions of the Indians on the reserva
tions in Northern California, espec
ially in Siskiyou county. Already
they have secured an appropriation
from the government to be used for
furthering the education of the In
dians and their physical comfort. Dr.
Spilling is an eloquent champion of
the work of this association. In re
gard to the work Dr. Spilling says:
"There needs to be an awakening
of public, sentiment throughout the
State of California, and I have no
doubt that what the people need on
this subject is the facts as they ac
tually exist, in order to induce uni
ted action. It is not. right that the
present state of things should exist
in this Christian land and in the
great and prosperous State of Cal
ifornia. No living man could make
progress if he were handicapped as
these Indians have been, and are
now."
