# Adv. 3 Page 2
## 
### 
The Jack
A New Cap
This is the cap that has
taken colleges the country
over by storm! You'll ad
mire its excellent style.
You'll approve of its in
destructible visor. See it
TODAY.
Wideman & Son
PALO ALTO
The Jack
A New Cap
This is the cap that has
taken colleges the country
over by storm! You'll ad
mire its excellent style.
You'll approve of its in
destructible visor. See it
TODAY.
Wideman & Son
PALO ALTO
The Jack
A New Cap
This is the cap that has
taken colleges the country
over by storm! You'll ad
mire its excellent style.
You'll approve of its in
destructible visor. See it
TODAY.
Wideman & Son
PALO ALTO
The Jack
A New Cap
This is the cap that has
taken colleges the country
over by storm! You'll ad
mire its excellent style.
You'll approve of its in
destructible visor. See it
TODAY.
Wideman & Son
PALO ALTO
The Jack
A New Cap
This is the cap that has
taken colleges the country
over by storm! You'll ad
mire its excellent style.
You'll approve of its in
destructible visor. See it
TODAY.
Wideman & Son
PALO ALTO
The Jack
A New Cap
This is the cap that has
taken colleges the country
over by storm! You'll ad
mire its excellent style.
You'll approve of its in
destructible visor. See it
TODAY.
Wideman & Son
PALO ALTO
The Jack
A New Cap
This is the cap that has
taken colleges the country
over by storm! You'll ad
mire its excellent style.
You'll approve of its in
destructible visor. See it
TODAY.
Wideman & Son
PALO ALTO
The Jack
A New Cap
This is the cap that has
taken colleges the country
over by storm! You'll ad
mire its excellent style.
You'll approve of its in
destructible visor. See it
TODAY.
Wideman & Son
PALO ALTO
The Jack
A New Cap
This is the cap that has
taken colleges the country
over by storm! You'll ad
mire its excellent style.
You'll approve of its in
destructible visor. See it
TODAY.
Wideman & Son
PALO ALTO
The Jack
A New Cap
This is the cap that has
taken colleges the country
over by storm! You'll ad
mire its excellent style.
You'll approve of its in
destructible visor. See it
TODAY.
Wideman & Son
PALO ALTO
The Jack
A New Cap
This is the cap that has
taken colleges the country
over by storm! You'll ad
mire its excellent style.
You'll approve of its in
destructible visor. See it
TODAY.
Wideman & Son
PALO ALTO
The Jack
A New Cap
This is the cap that has
taken colleges the country
over by storm! You'll ad
mire its excellent style.
You'll approve of its in
destructible visor. See it
TODAY.
Wideman & Son
PALO ALTO
The Jack
A New Cap
This is the cap that has
taken colleges the country
over by storm! You'll ad
mire its excellent style.
You'll approve of its in
destructible visor. See it
TODAY.
Wideman & Son
PALO ALTO
The Jack
A New Cap
This is the cap that has
taken colleges the country
over by storm! You'll ad
mire its excellent style.
You'll approve of its in
destructible visor. See it
TODAY.
Wideman & Son
PALO ALTO
The Jack
A New Cap
This is the cap that has
taken colleges the country
over by storm! You'll ad
mire its excellent style.
You'll approve of its in
destructible visor. See it
TODAY.
Wideman & Son
PALO ALTO
The Jack
A New Cap
This is the cap that has
taken colleges the country
over by storm! You'll ad
mire its excellent style.
You'll approve of its in
destructible visor. See it
TODAY.
Wideman & Son
PALO ALTO
