# RAM'S HEAD TRYOUTS CONTINUE TOMORROW
## 
### 
Ram's Head tryouts will continue
tomorrow afternoon from 2 o'clock un
til 6 o'clock in the Assembly hall. No
tryouts are to be held tonight. Last
minute reports from this afternoon's
turnout show a large number of aspir
ing dancers and singers among the
men of the campus, especially the
freshmen.
Tryouts are to be held over the
week-end and during the first part of
next week when the cast and choruses
will be selected.
Rehearsals will begin at once which
will give Ram's Head a little more
than four weeks in which to perfect
their burlesque. The show is dated for
February 15.
Ram's Head tryouts will continue
tomorrow afternoon from 2 o'clock un
til 6 o'clock in the Assembly hall. No
tryouts are to be held tonight. Last
minute reports from this afternoon's
turnout show a large number of aspir
ing dancers and singers among the
men of the campus, especially the
freshmen.
Tryouts are to be held over the
week-end and during the first part of
next week when the cast and choruses
will be selected.
Rehearsals will begin at once which
will give Ram's Head a little more
than four weeks in which to perfect
their burlesque. The show is dated for
February 15.
Ram's Head tryouts will continue
tomorrow afternoon from 2 o'clock un
til 6 o'clock in the Assembly hall. No
tryouts are to be held tonight. Last
minute reports from this afternoon's
turnout show a large number of aspir
ing dancers and singers among the
men of the campus, especially the
freshmen.
Tryouts are to be held over the
week-end and during the first part of
next week when the cast and choruses
will be selected.
Rehearsals will begin at once which
will give Ram's Head a little more
than four weeks in which to perfect
their burlesque. The show is dated for
February 15.
Ram's Head tryouts will continue
tomorrow afternoon from 2 o'clock un
til 6 o'clock in the Assembly hall. No
tryouts are to be held tonight. Last
minute reports from this afternoon's
turnout show a large number of aspir
ing dancers and singers among the
men of the campus, especially the
freshmen.
Tryouts are to be held over the
week-end and during the first part of
next week when the cast and choruses
will be selected.
Rehearsals will begin at once which
will give Ram's Head a little more
than four weeks in which to perfect
their burlesque. The show is dated for
February 15.
Ram's Head tryouts will continue
tomorrow afternoon from 2 o'clock un
til 6 o'clock in the Assembly hall. No
tryouts are to be held tonight. Last
minute reports from this afternoon's
turnout show a large number of aspir
ing dancers and singers among the
men of the campus, especially the
freshmen.
Tryouts are to be held over the
week-end and during the first part of
next week when the cast and choruses
will be selected.
Rehearsals will begin at once which
will give Ram's Head a little more
than four weeks in which to perfect
their burlesque. The show is dated for
February 15.
Ram's Head tryouts will continue
tomorrow afternoon from 2 o'clock un
til 6 o'clock in the Assembly hall. No
tryouts are to be held tonight. Last
minute reports from this afternoon's
turnout show a large number of aspir
ing dancers and singers among the
men of the campus, especially the
freshmen.
Tryouts are to be held over the
week-end and during the first part of
next week when the cast and choruses
will be selected.
Rehearsals will begin at once which
will give Ram's Head a little more
than four weeks in which to perfect
their burlesque. The show is dated for
February 15.
Ram's Head tryouts will continue
tomorrow afternoon from 2 o'clock un
til 6 o'clock in the Assembly hall. No
tryouts are to be held tonight. Last
minute reports from this afternoon's
turnout show a large number of aspir
ing dancers and singers among the
men of the campus, especially the
freshmen.
Tryouts are to be held over the
week-end and during the first part of
next week when the cast and choruses
will be selected.
Rehearsals will begin at once which
will give Ram's Head a little more
than four weeks in which to perfect
their burlesque. The show is dated for
February 15.
Ram's Head tryouts will continue
tomorrow afternoon from 2 o'clock un
til 6 o'clock in the Assembly hall. No
tryouts are to be held tonight. Last
minute reports from this afternoon's
turnout show a large number of aspir
ing dancers and singers among the
men of the campus, especially the
freshmen.
Tryouts are to be held over the
week-end and during the first part of
next week when the cast and choruses
will be selected.
Rehearsals will begin at once which
will give Ram's Head a little more
than four weeks in which to perfect
their burlesque. The show is dated for
February 15.
Ram's Head tryouts will continue
tomorrow afternoon from 2 o'clock un
til 6 o'clock in the Assembly hall. No
tryouts are to be held tonight. Last
minute reports from this afternoon's
turnout show a large number of aspir
ing dancers and singers among the
men of the campus, especially the
freshmen.
Tryouts are to be held over the
week-end and during the first part of
next week when the cast and choruses
will be selected.
Rehearsals will begin at once which
will give Ram's Head a little more
than four weeks in which to perfect
their burlesque. The show is dated for
February 15.
Ram's Head tryouts will continue
tomorrow afternoon from 2 o'clock un
til 6 o'clock in the Assembly hall. No
tryouts are to be held tonight. Last
minute reports from this afternoon's
turnout show a large number of aspir
ing dancers and singers among the
men of the campus, especially the
freshmen.
Tryouts are to be held over the
week-end and during the first part of
next week when the cast and choruses
will be selected.
Rehearsals will begin at once which
will give Ram's Head a little more
than four weeks in which to perfect
their burlesque. The show is dated for
February 15.
Ram's Head tryouts will continue
tomorrow afternoon from 2 o'clock un
til 6 o'clock in the Assembly hall. No
tryouts are to be held tonight. Last
minute reports from this afternoon's
turnout show a large number of aspir
ing dancers and singers among the
men of the campus, especially the
freshmen.
Tryouts are to be held over the
week-end and during the first part of
next week when the cast and choruses
will be selected.
Rehearsals will begin at once which
will give Ram's Head a little more
than four weeks in which to perfect
their burlesque. The show is dated for
February 15.
Ram's Head tryouts will continue
tomorrow afternoon from 2 o'clock un
til 6 o'clock in the Assembly hall. No
tryouts are to be held tonight. Last
minute reports from this afternoon's
turnout show a large number of aspir
ing dancers and singers among the
men of the campus, especially the
freshmen.
Tryouts are to be held over the
week-end and during the first part of
next week when the cast and choruses
will be selected.
Rehearsals will begin at once which
will give Ram's Head a little more
than four weeks in which to perfect
their burlesque. The show is dated for
February 15.
Ram's Head tryouts will continue
tomorrow afternoon from 2 o'clock un
til 6 o'clock in the Assembly hall. No
tryouts are to be held tonight. Last
minute reports from this afternoon's
turnout show a large number of aspir
ing dancers and singers among the
men of the campus, especially the
freshmen.
Tryouts are to be held over the
week-end and during the first part of
next week when the cast and choruses
will be selected.
Rehearsals will begin at once which
will give Ram's Head a little more
than four weeks in which to perfect
their burlesque. The show is dated for
February 15.
Ram's Head tryouts will continue
tomorrow afternoon from 2 o'clock un
til 6 o'clock in the Assembly hall. No
tryouts are to be held tonight. Last
minute reports from this afternoon's
turnout show a large number of aspir
ing dancers and singers among the
men of the campus, especially the
freshmen.
Tryouts are to be held over the
week-end and during the first part of
next week when the cast and choruses
will be selected.
Rehearsals will begin at once which
will give Ram's Head a little more
than four weeks in which to perfect
their burlesque. The show is dated for
February 15.
Ram's Head tryouts will continue
tomorrow afternoon from 2 o'clock un
til 6 o'clock in the Assembly hall. No
tryouts are to be held tonight. Last
minute reports from this afternoon's
turnout show a large number of aspir
ing dancers and singers among the
men of the campus, especially the
freshmen.
Tryouts are to be held over the
week-end and during the first part of
next week when the cast and choruses
will be selected.
Rehearsals will begin at once which
will give Ram's Head a little more
than four weeks in which to perfect
their burlesque. The show is dated for
February 15.
Ram's Head tryouts will continue
tomorrow afternoon from 2 o'clock un
til 6 o'clock in the Assembly hall. No
tryouts are to be held tonight. Last
minute reports from this afternoon's
turnout show a large number of aspir
ing dancers and singers among the
men of the campus, especially the
freshmen.
Tryouts are to be held over the
week-end and during the first part of
next week when the cast and choruses
will be selected.
Rehearsals will begin at once which
will give Ram's Head a little more
than four weeks in which to perfect
their burlesque. The show is dated for
February 15.
