# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
VALENTINE'S
DAY
FEBRUARY 14th
•
Send a valentine from our
selected assortment to
sweetheart, friends, and ,
family . . .
STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
VALENTINE'S
DAY
FEBRUARY 14th
•
Send a valentine from our
selected assortment to
sweetheart, friends, and ,
family . . .
STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
VALENTINE'S
DAY
FEBRUARY 14th
•
Send a valentine from our
selected assortment to
sweetheart, friends, and ,
family . . .
STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
VALENTINE'S
DAY
FEBRUARY 14th
•
Send a valentine from our
selected assortment to
sweetheart, friends, and ,
family . . .
STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
VALENTINE'S
DAY
FEBRUARY 14th
•
Send a valentine from our
selected assortment to
sweetheart, friends, and ,
family . . .
STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
VALENTINE'S
DAY
FEBRUARY 14th
•
Send a valentine from our
selected assortment to
sweetheart, friends, and ,
family . . .
STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
VALENTINE'S
DAY
FEBRUARY 14th
•
Send a valentine from our
selected assortment to
sweetheart, friends, and ,
family . . .
STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
VALENTINE'S
DAY
FEBRUARY 14th
•
Send a valentine from our
selected assortment to
sweetheart, friends, and ,
family . . .
STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
VALENTINE'S
DAY
FEBRUARY 14th
•
Send a valentine from our
selected assortment to
sweetheart, friends, and ,
family . . .
STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
VALENTINE'S
DAY
FEBRUARY 14th
•
Send a valentine from our
selected assortment to
sweetheart, friends, and ,
family . . .
STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
VALENTINE'S
DAY
FEBRUARY 14th
•
Send a valentine from our
selected assortment to
sweetheart, friends, and ,
family . . .
STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
VALENTINE'S
DAY
FEBRUARY 14th
•
Send a valentine from our
selected assortment to
sweetheart, friends, and ,
family . . .
STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
VALENTINE'S
DAY
FEBRUARY 14th
•
Send a valentine from our
selected assortment to
sweetheart, friends, and ,
family . . .
STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
VALENTINE'S
DAY
FEBRUARY 14th
•
Send a valentine from our
selected assortment to
sweetheart, friends, and ,
family . . .
STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
VALENTINE'S
DAY
FEBRUARY 14th
•
Send a valentine from our
selected assortment to
sweetheart, friends, and ,
family . . .
STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
