# STUDENTS WILL HEAR EASTERN SPEAKER TODAY
## "A Scientific Adventure" Is Title of Dr. Vincent's Assembly Speech 
### Will Williams 
"A Scientific Adventure" is the
title of an address to be given this
morning by Dr. George E. Vincent,
formerly president of the Rockefel
ler Foundation in New York, before
a University Assembly this morning
at 11 o'clock, at which time all
classes will be distressed.
A scholar of distinction, he has
degrees from Yale University, Uni
versity 'of Chicago, and the Univer
sity of Michigan. He was president

of the University of. Minnesota for
many years, and in 1917 became
president of the Rockefeller Foun
dation.
He is described as a brilliant and
attractive speakex - , the kind of man
who wastes no words and expresses
clearly the important things he in
variably has to say. Well known as
an author, he has written many best
selling books, including "Social
Mind and Education" and "An In
troduction to the Study of Society."
A man of wide academic and
scholarly background, he is at the
same time thoroughly human and
endowed with great personal attrac
tion of the sort which quickly gains
and holds the attention of his lis
teners. In less academic fields, he
has been editor of the Chautauqua
Press and the president of the Chau
tauqua System.
"A Scientific Adventure" is the
title of an address to be given this
morning by Dr. George E. Vincent,
formerly president of the Rockefel
ler Foundation in New York, before
a University Assembly this morning
at 11 o'clock, at which time all
classes will be distressed.
A scholar of distinction, he has
degrees from Yale University, Uni
versity 'of Chicago, and the Univer
sity of Michigan. He was president

of the University of. Minnesota for
many years, and in 1917 became
president of the Rockefeller Foun
dation.
He is described as a brilliant and
attractive speakex - , the kind of man
who wastes no words and expresses
clearly the important things he in
variably has to say. Well known as
an author, he has written many best
selling books, including "Social
Mind and Education" and "An In
troduction to the Study of Society."
A man of wide academic and
scholarly background, he is at the
same time thoroughly human and
endowed with great personal attrac
tion of the sort which quickly gains
and holds the attention of his lis
teners. In less academic fields, he
has been editor of the Chautauqua
Press and the president of the Chau
tauqua System.
"A Scientific Adventure" is the
title of an address to be given this
morning by Dr. George E. Vincent,
formerly president of the Rockefel
ler Foundation in New York, before
a University Assembly this morning
at 11 o'clock, at which time all
classes will be distressed.
A scholar of distinction, he has
degrees from Yale University, Uni
versity 'of Chicago, and the Univer
sity of Michigan. He was president

of the University of. Minnesota for
many years, and in 1917 became
president of the Rockefeller Foun
dation.
He is described as a brilliant and
attractive speakex - , the kind of man
who wastes no words and expresses
clearly the important things he in
variably has to say. Well known as
an author, he has written many best
selling books, including "Social
Mind and Education" and "An In
troduction to the Study of Society."
A man of wide academic and
scholarly background, he is at the
same time thoroughly human and
endowed with great personal attrac
tion of the sort which quickly gains
and holds the attention of his lis
teners. In less academic fields, he
has been editor of the Chautauqua
Press and the president of the Chau
tauqua System.
"A Scientific Adventure" is the
title of an address to be given this
morning by Dr. George E. Vincent,
formerly president of the Rockefel
ler Foundation in New York, before
a University Assembly this morning
at 11 o'clock, at which time all
classes will be distressed.
A scholar of distinction, he has
degrees from Yale University, Uni
versity 'of Chicago, and the Univer
sity of Michigan. He was president

of the University of. Minnesota for
many years, and in 1917 became
president of the Rockefeller Foun
dation.
He is described as a brilliant and
attractive speakex - , the kind of man
who wastes no words and expresses
clearly the important things he in
variably has to say. Well known as
an author, he has written many best
selling books, including "Social
Mind and Education" and "An In
troduction to the Study of Society."
A man of wide academic and
scholarly background, he is at the
same time thoroughly human and
endowed with great personal attrac
tion of the sort which quickly gains
and holds the attention of his lis
teners. In less academic fields, he
has been editor of the Chautauqua
Press and the president of the Chau
tauqua System.
"A Scientific Adventure" is the
title of an address to be given this
morning by Dr. George E. Vincent,
formerly president of the Rockefel
ler Foundation in New York, before
a University Assembly this morning
at 11 o'clock, at which time all
classes will be distressed.
A scholar of distinction, he has
degrees from Yale University, Uni
versity 'of Chicago, and the Univer
sity of Michigan. He was president

of the University of. Minnesota for
many years, and in 1917 became
president of the Rockefeller Foun
dation.
He is described as a brilliant and
attractive speakex - , the kind of man
who wastes no words and expresses
clearly the important things he in
variably has to say. Well known as
an author, he has written many best
selling books, including "Social
Mind and Education" and "An In
troduction to the Study of Society."
A man of wide academic and
scholarly background, he is at the
same time thoroughly human and
endowed with great personal attrac
tion of the sort which quickly gains
and holds the attention of his lis
teners. In less academic fields, he
has been editor of the Chautauqua
Press and the president of the Chau
tauqua System.
"A Scientific Adventure" is the
title of an address to be given this
morning by Dr. George E. Vincent,
formerly president of the Rockefel
ler Foundation in New York, before
a University Assembly this morning
at 11 o'clock, at which time all
classes will be distressed.
A scholar of distinction, he has
degrees from Yale University, Uni
versity 'of Chicago, and the Univer
sity of Michigan. He was president

of the University of. Minnesota for
many years, and in 1917 became
president of the Rockefeller Foun
dation.
He is described as a brilliant and
attractive speakex - , the kind of man
who wastes no words and expresses
clearly the important things he in
variably has to say. Well known as
an author, he has written many best
selling books, including "Social
Mind and Education" and "An In
troduction to the Study of Society."
A man of wide academic and
scholarly background, he is at the
same time thoroughly human and
endowed with great personal attrac
tion of the sort which quickly gains
and holds the attention of his lis
teners. In less academic fields, he
has been editor of the Chautauqua
Press and the president of the Chau
tauqua System.
"A Scientific Adventure" is the
title of an address to be given this
morning by Dr. George E. Vincent,
formerly president of the Rockefel
ler Foundation in New York, before
a University Assembly this morning
at 11 o'clock, at which time all
classes will be distressed.
A scholar of distinction, he has
degrees from Yale University, Uni
versity 'of Chicago, and the Univer
sity of Michigan. He was president

of the University of. Minnesota for
many years, and in 1917 became
president of the Rockefeller Foun
dation.
He is described as a brilliant and
attractive speakex - , the kind of man
who wastes no words and expresses
clearly the important things he in
variably has to say. Well known as
an author, he has written many best
selling books, including "Social
Mind and Education" and "An In
troduction to the Study of Society."
A man of wide academic and
scholarly background, he is at the
same time thoroughly human and
endowed with great personal attrac
tion of the sort which quickly gains
and holds the attention of his lis
teners. In less academic fields, he
has been editor of the Chautauqua
Press and the president of the Chau
tauqua System.
"A Scientific Adventure" is the
title of an address to be given this
morning by Dr. George E. Vincent,
formerly president of the Rockefel
ler Foundation in New York, before
a University Assembly this morning
at 11 o'clock, at which time all
classes will be distressed.
A scholar of distinction, he has
degrees from Yale University, Uni
versity 'of Chicago, and the Univer
sity of Michigan. He was president

of the University of. Minnesota for
many years, and in 1917 became
president of the Rockefeller Foun
dation.
He is described as a brilliant and
attractive speakex - , the kind of man
who wastes no words and expresses
clearly the important things he in
variably has to say. Well known as
an author, he has written many best
selling books, including "Social
Mind and Education" and "An In
troduction to the Study of Society."
A man of wide academic and
scholarly background, he is at the
same time thoroughly human and
endowed with great personal attrac
tion of the sort which quickly gains
and holds the attention of his lis
teners. In less academic fields, he
has been editor of the Chautauqua
Press and the president of the Chau
tauqua System.
"A Scientific Adventure" is the
title of an address to be given this
morning by Dr. George E. Vincent,
formerly president of the Rockefel
ler Foundation in New York, before
a University Assembly this morning
at 11 o'clock, at which time all
classes will be distressed.
A scholar of distinction, he has
degrees from Yale University, Uni
versity 'of Chicago, and the Univer
sity of Michigan. He was president

of the University of. Minnesota for
many years, and in 1917 became
president of the Rockefeller Foun
dation.
He is described as a brilliant and
attractive speakex - , the kind of man
who wastes no words and expresses
clearly the important things he in
variably has to say. Well known as
an author, he has written many best
selling books, including "Social
Mind and Education" and "An In
troduction to the Study of Society."
A man of wide academic and
scholarly background, he is at the
same time thoroughly human and
endowed with great personal attrac
tion of the sort which quickly gains
and holds the attention of his lis
teners. In less academic fields, he
has been editor of the Chautauqua
Press and the president of the Chau
tauqua System.
"A Scientific Adventure" is the
title of an address to be given this
morning by Dr. George E. Vincent,
formerly president of the Rockefel
ler Foundation in New York, before
a University Assembly this morning
at 11 o'clock, at which time all
classes will be distressed.
A scholar of distinction, he has
degrees from Yale University, Uni
versity 'of Chicago, and the Univer
sity of Michigan. He was president

of the University of. Minnesota for
many years, and in 1917 became
president of the Rockefeller Foun
dation.
He is described as a brilliant and
attractive speakex - , the kind of man
who wastes no words and expresses
clearly the important things he in
variably has to say. Well known as
an author, he has written many best
selling books, including "Social
Mind and Education" and "An In
troduction to the Study of Society."
A man of wide academic and
scholarly background, he is at the
same time thoroughly human and
endowed with great personal attrac
tion of the sort which quickly gains
and holds the attention of his lis
teners. In less academic fields, he
has been editor of the Chautauqua
Press and the president of the Chau
tauqua System.
"A Scientific Adventure" is the
title of an address to be given this
morning by Dr. George E. Vincent,
formerly president of the Rockefel
ler Foundation in New York, before
a University Assembly this morning
at 11 o'clock, at which time all
classes will be distressed.
A scholar of distinction, he has
degrees from Yale University, Uni
versity 'of Chicago, and the Univer
sity of Michigan. He was president

of the University of. Minnesota for
many years, and in 1917 became
president of the Rockefeller Foun
dation.
He is described as a brilliant and
attractive speakex - , the kind of man
who wastes no words and expresses
clearly the important things he in
variably has to say. Well known as
an author, he has written many best
selling books, including "Social
Mind and Education" and "An In
troduction to the Study of Society."
A man of wide academic and
scholarly background, he is at the
same time thoroughly human and
endowed with great personal attrac
tion of the sort which quickly gains
and holds the attention of his lis
teners. In less academic fields, he
has been editor of the Chautauqua
Press and the president of the Chau
tauqua System.
"A Scientific Adventure" is the
title of an address to be given this
morning by Dr. George E. Vincent,
formerly president of the Rockefel
ler Foundation in New York, before
a University Assembly this morning
at 11 o'clock, at which time all
classes will be distressed.
A scholar of distinction, he has
degrees from Yale University, Uni
versity 'of Chicago, and the Univer
sity of Michigan. He was president

of the University of. Minnesota for
many years, and in 1917 became
president of the Rockefeller Foun
dation.
He is described as a brilliant and
attractive speakex - , the kind of man
who wastes no words and expresses
clearly the important things he in
variably has to say. Well known as
an author, he has written many best
selling books, including "Social
Mind and Education" and "An In
troduction to the Study of Society."
A man of wide academic and
scholarly background, he is at the
same time thoroughly human and
endowed with great personal attrac
tion of the sort which quickly gains
and holds the attention of his lis
teners. In less academic fields, he
has been editor of the Chautauqua
Press and the president of the Chau
tauqua System.
"A Scientific Adventure" is the
title of an address to be given this
morning by Dr. George E. Vincent,
formerly president of the Rockefel
ler Foundation in New York, before
a University Assembly this morning
at 11 o'clock, at which time all
classes will be distressed.
A scholar of distinction, he has
degrees from Yale University, Uni
versity 'of Chicago, and the Univer
sity of Michigan. He was president

of the University of. Minnesota for
many years, and in 1917 became
president of the Rockefeller Foun
dation.
He is described as a brilliant and
attractive speakex - , the kind of man
who wastes no words and expresses
clearly the important things he in
variably has to say. Well known as
an author, he has written many best
selling books, including "Social
Mind and Education" and "An In
troduction to the Study of Society."
A man of wide academic and
scholarly background, he is at the
same time thoroughly human and
endowed with great personal attrac
tion of the sort which quickly gains
and holds the attention of his lis
teners. In less academic fields, he
has been editor of the Chautauqua
Press and the president of the Chau
tauqua System.
"A Scientific Adventure" is the
title of an address to be given this
morning by Dr. George E. Vincent,
formerly president of the Rockefel
ler Foundation in New York, before
a University Assembly this morning
at 11 o'clock, at which time all
classes will be distressed.
A scholar of distinction, he has
degrees from Yale University, Uni
versity 'of Chicago, and the Univer
sity of Michigan. He was president

of the University of. Minnesota for
many years, and in 1917 became
president of the Rockefeller Foun
dation.
He is described as a brilliant and
attractive speakex - , the kind of man
who wastes no words and expresses
clearly the important things he in
variably has to say. Well known as
an author, he has written many best
selling books, including "Social
Mind and Education" and "An In
troduction to the Study of Society."
A man of wide academic and
scholarly background, he is at the
same time thoroughly human and
endowed with great personal attrac
tion of the sort which quickly gains
and holds the attention of his lis
teners. In less academic fields, he
has been editor of the Chautauqua
Press and the president of the Chau
tauqua System.
"A Scientific Adventure" is the
title of an address to be given this
morning by Dr. George E. Vincent,
formerly president of the Rockefel
ler Foundation in New York, before
a University Assembly this morning
at 11 o'clock, at which time all
classes will be distressed.
A scholar of distinction, he has
degrees from Yale University, Uni
versity 'of Chicago, and the Univer
sity of Michigan. He was president

of the University of. Minnesota for
many years, and in 1917 became
president of the Rockefeller Foun
dation.
He is described as a brilliant and
attractive speakex - , the kind of man
who wastes no words and expresses
clearly the important things he in
variably has to say. Well known as
an author, he has written many best
selling books, including "Social
Mind and Education" and "An In
troduction to the Study of Society."
A man of wide academic and
scholarly background, he is at the
same time thoroughly human and
endowed with great personal attrac
tion of the sort which quickly gains
and holds the attention of his lis
teners. In less academic fields, he
has been editor of the Chautauqua
Press and the president of the Chau
tauqua System.
