# INDIVIDUALITY SURLILY ASSERTED
## 
### 
And so back to the Farm comes |
the Stanford team and its coach, i
back to the land of boos and cat- i
calls, where the referee's social I
status is comparable to that of the
lowly earthworm, and the unsports- !
manlike rough holds forth in all his
pristine vigor.
We at Stanford are proud of our j
status in the universe; we have been !
fed upon tales of the "upper five !
per cent" and similar balderdash; j
we have great athletic teams and \
high scholastic standards; in short,
wo are right, others are wrong.
Therefore, if S.C.'s potheosis of all i
that is reprehensible to the average !
Stanford rooter, outdoes us in I
sportsmanship, we either choose to j
ignore it or decide that we must j
assert our individuality and be j
hound by no such bourgeois consid- '
oration as gentlemanly conduct at !
athletic events.
i
And so back to the Farm comes |
the Stanford team and its coach, i
back to the land of boos and cat- i
calls, where the referee's social I
status is comparable to that of the
lowly earthworm, and the unsports- !
manlike rough holds forth in all his
pristine vigor.
We at Stanford are proud of our j
status in the universe; we have been !
fed upon tales of the "upper five !
per cent" and similar balderdash; j
we have great athletic teams and \
high scholastic standards; in short,
wo are right, others are wrong.
Therefore, if S.C.'s potheosis of all i
that is reprehensible to the average !
Stanford rooter, outdoes us in I
sportsmanship, we either choose to j
ignore it or decide that we must j
assert our individuality and be j
hound by no such bourgeois consid- '
oration as gentlemanly conduct at !
athletic events.
i
And so back to the Farm comes |
the Stanford team and its coach, i
back to the land of boos and cat- i
calls, where the referee's social I
status is comparable to that of the
lowly earthworm, and the unsports- !
manlike rough holds forth in all his
pristine vigor.
We at Stanford are proud of our j
status in the universe; we have been !
fed upon tales of the "upper five !
per cent" and similar balderdash; j
we have great athletic teams and \
high scholastic standards; in short,
wo are right, others are wrong.
Therefore, if S.C.'s potheosis of all i
that is reprehensible to the average !
Stanford rooter, outdoes us in I
sportsmanship, we either choose to j
ignore it or decide that we must j
assert our individuality and be j
hound by no such bourgeois consid- '
oration as gentlemanly conduct at !
athletic events.
i
And so back to the Farm comes |
the Stanford team and its coach, i
back to the land of boos and cat- i
calls, where the referee's social I
status is comparable to that of the
lowly earthworm, and the unsports- !
manlike rough holds forth in all his
pristine vigor.
We at Stanford are proud of our j
status in the universe; we have been !
fed upon tales of the "upper five !
per cent" and similar balderdash; j
we have great athletic teams and \
high scholastic standards; in short,
wo are right, others are wrong.
Therefore, if S.C.'s potheosis of all i
that is reprehensible to the average !
Stanford rooter, outdoes us in I
sportsmanship, we either choose to j
ignore it or decide that we must j
assert our individuality and be j
hound by no such bourgeois consid- '
oration as gentlemanly conduct at !
athletic events.
i
And so back to the Farm comes |
the Stanford team and its coach, i
back to the land of boos and cat- i
calls, where the referee's social I
status is comparable to that of the
lowly earthworm, and the unsports- !
manlike rough holds forth in all his
pristine vigor.
We at Stanford are proud of our j
status in the universe; we have been !
fed upon tales of the "upper five !
per cent" and similar balderdash; j
we have great athletic teams and \
high scholastic standards; in short,
wo are right, others are wrong.
Therefore, if S.C.'s potheosis of all i
that is reprehensible to the average !
Stanford rooter, outdoes us in I
sportsmanship, we either choose to j
ignore it or decide that we must j
assert our individuality and be j
hound by no such bourgeois consid- '
oration as gentlemanly conduct at !
athletic events.
i
And so back to the Farm comes |
the Stanford team and its coach, i
back to the land of boos and cat- i
calls, where the referee's social I
status is comparable to that of the
lowly earthworm, and the unsports- !
manlike rough holds forth in all his
pristine vigor.
We at Stanford are proud of our j
status in the universe; we have been !
fed upon tales of the "upper five !
per cent" and similar balderdash; j
we have great athletic teams and \
high scholastic standards; in short,
wo are right, others are wrong.
Therefore, if S.C.'s potheosis of all i
that is reprehensible to the average !
Stanford rooter, outdoes us in I
sportsmanship, we either choose to j
ignore it or decide that we must j
assert our individuality and be j
hound by no such bourgeois consid- '
oration as gentlemanly conduct at !
athletic events.
i
And so back to the Farm comes |
the Stanford team and its coach, i
back to the land of boos and cat- i
calls, where the referee's social I
status is comparable to that of the
lowly earthworm, and the unsports- !
manlike rough holds forth in all his
pristine vigor.
We at Stanford are proud of our j
status in the universe; we have been !
fed upon tales of the "upper five !
per cent" and similar balderdash; j
we have great athletic teams and \
high scholastic standards; in short,
wo are right, others are wrong.
Therefore, if S.C.'s potheosis of all i
that is reprehensible to the average !
Stanford rooter, outdoes us in I
sportsmanship, we either choose to j
ignore it or decide that we must j
assert our individuality and be j
hound by no such bourgeois consid- '
oration as gentlemanly conduct at !
athletic events.
i
And so back to the Farm comes |
the Stanford team and its coach, i
back to the land of boos and cat- i
calls, where the referee's social I
status is comparable to that of the
lowly earthworm, and the unsports- !
manlike rough holds forth in all his
pristine vigor.
We at Stanford are proud of our j
status in the universe; we have been !
fed upon tales of the "upper five !
per cent" and similar balderdash; j
we have great athletic teams and \
high scholastic standards; in short,
wo are right, others are wrong.
Therefore, if S.C.'s potheosis of all i
that is reprehensible to the average !
Stanford rooter, outdoes us in I
sportsmanship, we either choose to j
ignore it or decide that we must j
assert our individuality and be j
hound by no such bourgeois consid- '
oration as gentlemanly conduct at !
athletic events.
i
And so back to the Farm comes |
the Stanford team and its coach, i
back to the land of boos and cat- i
calls, where the referee's social I
status is comparable to that of the
lowly earthworm, and the unsports- !
manlike rough holds forth in all his
pristine vigor.
We at Stanford are proud of our j
status in the universe; we have been !
fed upon tales of the "upper five !
per cent" and similar balderdash; j
we have great athletic teams and \
high scholastic standards; in short,
wo are right, others are wrong.
Therefore, if S.C.'s potheosis of all i
that is reprehensible to the average !
Stanford rooter, outdoes us in I
sportsmanship, we either choose to j
ignore it or decide that we must j
assert our individuality and be j
hound by no such bourgeois consid- '
oration as gentlemanly conduct at !
athletic events.
i
And so back to the Farm comes |
the Stanford team and its coach, i
back to the land of boos and cat- i
calls, where the referee's social I
status is comparable to that of the
lowly earthworm, and the unsports- !
manlike rough holds forth in all his
pristine vigor.
We at Stanford are proud of our j
status in the universe; we have been !
fed upon tales of the "upper five !
per cent" and similar balderdash; j
we have great athletic teams and \
high scholastic standards; in short,
wo are right, others are wrong.
Therefore, if S.C.'s potheosis of all i
that is reprehensible to the average !
Stanford rooter, outdoes us in I
sportsmanship, we either choose to j
ignore it or decide that we must j
assert our individuality and be j
hound by no such bourgeois consid- '
oration as gentlemanly conduct at !
athletic events.
i
And so back to the Farm comes |
the Stanford team and its coach, i
back to the land of boos and cat- i
calls, where the referee's social I
status is comparable to that of the
lowly earthworm, and the unsports- !
manlike rough holds forth in all his
pristine vigor.
We at Stanford are proud of our j
status in the universe; we have been !
fed upon tales of the "upper five !
per cent" and similar balderdash; j
we have great athletic teams and \
high scholastic standards; in short,
wo are right, others are wrong.
Therefore, if S.C.'s potheosis of all i
that is reprehensible to the average !
Stanford rooter, outdoes us in I
sportsmanship, we either choose to j
ignore it or decide that we must j
assert our individuality and be j
hound by no such bourgeois consid- '
oration as gentlemanly conduct at !
athletic events.
i
And so back to the Farm comes |
the Stanford team and its coach, i
back to the land of boos and cat- i
calls, where the referee's social I
status is comparable to that of the
lowly earthworm, and the unsports- !
manlike rough holds forth in all his
pristine vigor.
We at Stanford are proud of our j
status in the universe; we have been !
fed upon tales of the "upper five !
per cent" and similar balderdash; j
we have great athletic teams and \
high scholastic standards; in short,
wo are right, others are wrong.
Therefore, if S.C.'s potheosis of all i
that is reprehensible to the average !
Stanford rooter, outdoes us in I
sportsmanship, we either choose to j
ignore it or decide that we must j
assert our individuality and be j
hound by no such bourgeois consid- '
oration as gentlemanly conduct at !
athletic events.
i
And so back to the Farm comes |
the Stanford team and its coach, i
back to the land of boos and cat- i
calls, where the referee's social I
status is comparable to that of the
lowly earthworm, and the unsports- !
manlike rough holds forth in all his
pristine vigor.
We at Stanford are proud of our j
status in the universe; we have been !
fed upon tales of the "upper five !
per cent" and similar balderdash; j
we have great athletic teams and \
high scholastic standards; in short,
wo are right, others are wrong.
Therefore, if S.C.'s potheosis of all i
that is reprehensible to the average !
Stanford rooter, outdoes us in I
sportsmanship, we either choose to j
ignore it or decide that we must j
assert our individuality and be j
hound by no such bourgeois consid- '
oration as gentlemanly conduct at !
athletic events.
i
And so back to the Farm comes |
the Stanford team and its coach, i
back to the land of boos and cat- i
calls, where the referee's social I
status is comparable to that of the
lowly earthworm, and the unsports- !
manlike rough holds forth in all his
pristine vigor.
We at Stanford are proud of our j
status in the universe; we have been !
fed upon tales of the "upper five !
per cent" and similar balderdash; j
we have great athletic teams and \
high scholastic standards; in short,
wo are right, others are wrong.
Therefore, if S.C.'s potheosis of all i
that is reprehensible to the average !
Stanford rooter, outdoes us in I
sportsmanship, we either choose to j
ignore it or decide that we must j
assert our individuality and be j
hound by no such bourgeois consid- '
oration as gentlemanly conduct at !
athletic events.
i
And so back to the Farm comes |
the Stanford team and its coach, i
back to the land of boos and cat- i
calls, where the referee's social I
status is comparable to that of the
lowly earthworm, and the unsports- !
manlike rough holds forth in all his
pristine vigor.
We at Stanford are proud of our j
status in the universe; we have been !
fed upon tales of the "upper five !
per cent" and similar balderdash; j
we have great athletic teams and \
high scholastic standards; in short,
wo are right, others are wrong.
Therefore, if S.C.'s potheosis of all i
that is reprehensible to the average !
Stanford rooter, outdoes us in I
sportsmanship, we either choose to j
ignore it or decide that we must j
assert our individuality and be j
hound by no such bourgeois consid- '
oration as gentlemanly conduct at !
athletic events.
i
