# DISTANT DRUMS HAS NOVEL SET
## 
### 
Is it impossible to journey back
to the plains of '48 and view west
ward-bound pioneers in all the
homely details of their daily acti
vities? Not at all. Stanford's As
sembly Hall stage presents an exact
replica of life during the trek 1o
Oregon, to the last minute detail,
for use in the February 2 produc
tion of "Distant Drums."
Five life-size covered wagons
grouped about a camp fire, complete
with all the varied paraphernalia
utilized in what rugged manner of
living, turf flooring, glowing camp
fireâ€”represent weeks of planning
and effort on the part of Director
Harold Helvenston and his corps of
assistants.
Aid in Construction
Stanford roughs, pressed into
service as construction experts, have
toiled at such miscellaneous tasks
as dumping sod for the floor cover
ing to the complicated process of
actually building covered wagons.
Helvenston has, for past months,
searched for mechanical accessories
and means of evolving them. The
wagons presented the great probp
lem, which was solved in a whole
sale manner by constructing them
bodily upon the Assembly Hall
stage.
"The hardest part," complained
one brawny assistant, "was making
the darned things strong enough;
(hey have to hold people, you know."
Very few foundations were intact;
lumber treated io simulate the rav
ages of time and a great deal of
imagination were pressed into serv
ice to form duplicates of convey
ances used in the Oregonian trek.
Lighting Perfected
Lighting will be highly selective,
representing the subtle phases of
dawn. dusk, and splendid effects of
moonlight and camp fire. The four
factors of locale, time of day, aes
thetic effect, and mood have been
considered to a harmonious
whole.
Bottles, frying pans, bales of hay,
woven containers, small chests, all
and countless other minor proper
lies will add to the realism of por
trayal of the drama.

University of Toledo debaters havi
lo.st but two decisions in three years
