# LOSERS WIN
## 
### 
Defeated Candidates Club of the
University of Washington elected of
ficers recently, making former hopes
for political success a reality, to
some.
Defeated Candidates Club of the
University of Washington elected of
ficers recently, making former hopes
for political success a reality, to
some.
Defeated Candidates Club of the
University of Washington elected of
ficers recently, making former hopes
for political success a reality, to
some.
Defeated Candidates Club of the
University of Washington elected of
ficers recently, making former hopes
for political success a reality, to
some.
Defeated Candidates Club of the
University of Washington elected of
ficers recently, making former hopes
for political success a reality, to
some.
Defeated Candidates Club of the
University of Washington elected of
ficers recently, making former hopes
for political success a reality, to
some.
Defeated Candidates Club of the
University of Washington elected of
ficers recently, making former hopes
for political success a reality, to
some.
Defeated Candidates Club of the
University of Washington elected of
ficers recently, making former hopes
for political success a reality, to
some.
Defeated Candidates Club of the
University of Washington elected of
ficers recently, making former hopes
for political success a reality, to
some.
Defeated Candidates Club of the
University of Washington elected of
ficers recently, making former hopes
for political success a reality, to
some.
Defeated Candidates Club of the
University of Washington elected of
ficers recently, making former hopes
for political success a reality, to
some.
Defeated Candidates Club of the
University of Washington elected of
ficers recently, making former hopes
for political success a reality, to
some.
Defeated Candidates Club of the
University of Washington elected of
ficers recently, making former hopes
for political success a reality, to
some.
Defeated Candidates Club of the
University of Washington elected of
ficers recently, making former hopes
for political success a reality, to
some.
Defeated Candidates Club of the
University of Washington elected of
ficers recently, making former hopes
for political success a reality, to
some.
