# Letters to the editor
## 
### 
A fresh vision?
In a recent discussion of
Western Culture by involved
faculty. History Prof. Paul
Seaver puzzled, "Why do we call
this elite culture Western cul
ture and why should we want to
teach this to young people in an
egalitarian society?" (Campus
Report, Oct. 22).
The first part is obvious even
to him. That was the only re
corded culture and it is our an
cestral one. on which we build.
Moreover, as all the partici
pants acknowledge, it is very
rich and strong and beautiful.

Even the Soviet Union admires
and repairs its cathedrals and
studies its classics in school. In
World War II it strengthened
itself in a crisis by rediscover
ing its cultural and religious
roots.
It is for similar reasons that
we teach the classics to our
youth. For, despite the catch
word "egalitarian," the truth is
that young Americans are not
only egalitarian any more than
young Russians are.
There is no such thing as pure
egalitarianism. A healthy socie

ty is a balance between
egalitarian and qualitative
"dimensions," as in our repre
sentative government and eve
ry other branch of American
life, where merit and talent
count for a great deal. This is
not a rightist view, but a cen
trist, balanced one.
Seaver's view represents a
doctrinaire one-sided Utopian
liberalism that is clearly on the
way out, as just about every
public voice admits these days.
Only on campuses, where such
ideological doctrines can be
come entrenched through
bloodless abstraction, do we

find such laggard views.
As Hugh Sidey affirms in the
Oct. 6 issue of Time, a new
coalition is in formation, seek
ing to assert against runaway
pluralism and hedonistic
narcissism, a fresh vision for
America. It is a matter of sur
vival. That answers in part
Seaver's query as to why
Western Civilization courses
are being reinstated across the
land. Some of us find this pros
pect entirely bracing and excit
ing.
Robert Greer Cohn
Professor
French
A fresh vision?
In a recent discussion of
Western Culture by involved
faculty. History Prof. Paul
Seaver puzzled, "Why do we call
this elite culture Western cul
ture and why should we want to
teach this to young people in an
egalitarian society?" (Campus
Report, Oct. 22).
The first part is obvious even
to him. That was the only re
corded culture and it is our an
cestral one. on which we build.
Moreover, as all the partici
pants acknowledge, it is very
rich and strong and beautiful.

Even the Soviet Union admires
and repairs its cathedrals and
studies its classics in school. In
World War II it strengthened
itself in a crisis by rediscover
ing its cultural and religious
roots.
It is for similar reasons that
we teach the classics to our
youth. For, despite the catch
word "egalitarian," the truth is
that young Americans are not
only egalitarian any more than
young Russians are.
There is no such thing as pure
egalitarianism. A healthy socie

ty is a balance between
egalitarian and qualitative
"dimensions," as in our repre
sentative government and eve
ry other branch of American
life, where merit and talent
count for a great deal. This is
not a rightist view, but a cen
trist, balanced one.
Seaver's view represents a
doctrinaire one-sided Utopian
liberalism that is clearly on the
way out, as just about every
public voice admits these days.
Only on campuses, where such
ideological doctrines can be
come entrenched through
bloodless abstraction, do we

find such laggard views.
As Hugh Sidey affirms in the
Oct. 6 issue of Time, a new
coalition is in formation, seek
ing to assert against runaway
pluralism and hedonistic
narcissism, a fresh vision for
America. It is a matter of sur
vival. That answers in part
Seaver's query as to why
Western Civilization courses
are being reinstated across the
land. Some of us find this pros
pect entirely bracing and excit
ing.
Robert Greer Cohn
Professor
French
A fresh vision?
In a recent discussion of
Western Culture by involved
faculty. History Prof. Paul
Seaver puzzled, "Why do we call
this elite culture Western cul
ture and why should we want to
teach this to young people in an
egalitarian society?" (Campus
Report, Oct. 22).
The first part is obvious even
to him. That was the only re
corded culture and it is our an
cestral one. on which we build.
Moreover, as all the partici
pants acknowledge, it is very
rich and strong and beautiful.

Even the Soviet Union admires
and repairs its cathedrals and
studies its classics in school. In
World War II it strengthened
itself in a crisis by rediscover
ing its cultural and religious
roots.
It is for similar reasons that
we teach the classics to our
youth. For, despite the catch
word "egalitarian," the truth is
that young Americans are not
only egalitarian any more than
young Russians are.
There is no such thing as pure
egalitarianism. A healthy socie

ty is a balance between
egalitarian and qualitative
"dimensions," as in our repre
sentative government and eve
ry other branch of American
life, where merit and talent
count for a great deal. This is
not a rightist view, but a cen
trist, balanced one.
Seaver's view represents a
doctrinaire one-sided Utopian
liberalism that is clearly on the
way out, as just about every
public voice admits these days.
Only on campuses, where such
ideological doctrines can be
come entrenched through
bloodless abstraction, do we

find such laggard views.
As Hugh Sidey affirms in the
Oct. 6 issue of Time, a new
coalition is in formation, seek
ing to assert against runaway
pluralism and hedonistic
narcissism, a fresh vision for
America. It is a matter of sur
vival. That answers in part
Seaver's query as to why
Western Civilization courses
are being reinstated across the
land. Some of us find this pros
pect entirely bracing and excit
ing.
Robert Greer Cohn
Professor
French
A fresh vision?
In a recent discussion of
Western Culture by involved
faculty. History Prof. Paul
Seaver puzzled, "Why do we call
this elite culture Western cul
ture and why should we want to
teach this to young people in an
egalitarian society?" (Campus
Report, Oct. 22).
The first part is obvious even
to him. That was the only re
corded culture and it is our an
cestral one. on which we build.
Moreover, as all the partici
pants acknowledge, it is very
rich and strong and beautiful.

Even the Soviet Union admires
and repairs its cathedrals and
studies its classics in school. In
World War II it strengthened
itself in a crisis by rediscover
ing its cultural and religious
roots.
It is for similar reasons that
we teach the classics to our
youth. For, despite the catch
word "egalitarian," the truth is
that young Americans are not
only egalitarian any more than
young Russians are.
There is no such thing as pure
egalitarianism. A healthy socie

ty is a balance between
egalitarian and qualitative
"dimensions," as in our repre
sentative government and eve
ry other branch of American
life, where merit and talent
count for a great deal. This is
not a rightist view, but a cen
trist, balanced one.
Seaver's view represents a
doctrinaire one-sided Utopian
liberalism that is clearly on the
way out, as just about every
public voice admits these days.
Only on campuses, where such
ideological doctrines can be
come entrenched through
bloodless abstraction, do we

find such laggard views.
As Hugh Sidey affirms in the
Oct. 6 issue of Time, a new
coalition is in formation, seek
ing to assert against runaway
pluralism and hedonistic
narcissism, a fresh vision for
America. It is a matter of sur
vival. That answers in part
Seaver's query as to why
Western Civilization courses
are being reinstated across the
land. Some of us find this pros
pect entirely bracing and excit
ing.
Robert Greer Cohn
Professor
French
A fresh vision?
In a recent discussion of
Western Culture by involved
faculty. History Prof. Paul
Seaver puzzled, "Why do we call
this elite culture Western cul
ture and why should we want to
teach this to young people in an
egalitarian society?" (Campus
Report, Oct. 22).
The first part is obvious even
to him. That was the only re
corded culture and it is our an
cestral one. on which we build.
Moreover, as all the partici
pants acknowledge, it is very
rich and strong and beautiful.

Even the Soviet Union admires
and repairs its cathedrals and
studies its classics in school. In
World War II it strengthened
itself in a crisis by rediscover
ing its cultural and religious
roots.
It is for similar reasons that
we teach the classics to our
youth. For, despite the catch
word "egalitarian," the truth is
that young Americans are not
only egalitarian any more than
young Russians are.
There is no such thing as pure
egalitarianism. A healthy socie

ty is a balance between
egalitarian and qualitative
"dimensions," as in our repre
sentative government and eve
ry other branch of American
life, where merit and talent
count for a great deal. This is
not a rightist view, but a cen
trist, balanced one.
Seaver's view represents a
doctrinaire one-sided Utopian
liberalism that is clearly on the
way out, as just about every
public voice admits these days.
Only on campuses, where such
ideological doctrines can be
come entrenched through
bloodless abstraction, do we

find such laggard views.
As Hugh Sidey affirms in the
Oct. 6 issue of Time, a new
coalition is in formation, seek
ing to assert against runaway
pluralism and hedonistic
narcissism, a fresh vision for
America. It is a matter of sur
vival. That answers in part
Seaver's query as to why
Western Civilization courses
are being reinstated across the
land. Some of us find this pros
pect entirely bracing and excit
ing.
Robert Greer Cohn
Professor
French
A fresh vision?
In a recent discussion of
Western Culture by involved
faculty. History Prof. Paul
Seaver puzzled, "Why do we call
this elite culture Western cul
ture and why should we want to
teach this to young people in an
egalitarian society?" (Campus
Report, Oct. 22).
The first part is obvious even
to him. That was the only re
corded culture and it is our an
cestral one. on which we build.
Moreover, as all the partici
pants acknowledge, it is very
rich and strong and beautiful.

Even the Soviet Union admires
and repairs its cathedrals and
studies its classics in school. In
World War II it strengthened
itself in a crisis by rediscover
ing its cultural and religious
roots.
It is for similar reasons that
we teach the classics to our
youth. For, despite the catch
word "egalitarian," the truth is
that young Americans are not
only egalitarian any more than
young Russians are.
There is no such thing as pure
egalitarianism. A healthy socie

ty is a balance between
egalitarian and qualitative
"dimensions," as in our repre
sentative government and eve
ry other branch of American
life, where merit and talent
count for a great deal. This is
not a rightist view, but a cen
trist, balanced one.
Seaver's view represents a
doctrinaire one-sided Utopian
liberalism that is clearly on the
way out, as just about every
public voice admits these days.
Only on campuses, where such
ideological doctrines can be
come entrenched through
bloodless abstraction, do we

find such laggard views.
As Hugh Sidey affirms in the
Oct. 6 issue of Time, a new
coalition is in formation, seek
ing to assert against runaway
pluralism and hedonistic
narcissism, a fresh vision for
America. It is a matter of sur
vival. That answers in part
Seaver's query as to why
Western Civilization courses
are being reinstated across the
land. Some of us find this pros
pect entirely bracing and excit
ing.
Robert Greer Cohn
Professor
French
A fresh vision?
In a recent discussion of
Western Culture by involved
faculty. History Prof. Paul
Seaver puzzled, "Why do we call
this elite culture Western cul
ture and why should we want to
teach this to young people in an
egalitarian society?" (Campus
Report, Oct. 22).
The first part is obvious even
to him. That was the only re
corded culture and it is our an
cestral one. on which we build.
Moreover, as all the partici
pants acknowledge, it is very
rich and strong and beautiful.

Even the Soviet Union admires
and repairs its cathedrals and
studies its classics in school. In
World War II it strengthened
itself in a crisis by rediscover
ing its cultural and religious
roots.
It is for similar reasons that
we teach the classics to our
youth. For, despite the catch
word "egalitarian," the truth is
that young Americans are not
only egalitarian any more than
young Russians are.
There is no such thing as pure
egalitarianism. A healthy socie

ty is a balance between
egalitarian and qualitative
"dimensions," as in our repre
sentative government and eve
ry other branch of American
life, where merit and talent
count for a great deal. This is
not a rightist view, but a cen
trist, balanced one.
Seaver's view represents a
doctrinaire one-sided Utopian
liberalism that is clearly on the
way out, as just about every
public voice admits these days.
Only on campuses, where such
ideological doctrines can be
come entrenched through
bloodless abstraction, do we

find such laggard views.
As Hugh Sidey affirms in the
Oct. 6 issue of Time, a new
coalition is in formation, seek
ing to assert against runaway
pluralism and hedonistic
narcissism, a fresh vision for
America. It is a matter of sur
vival. That answers in part
Seaver's query as to why
Western Civilization courses
are being reinstated across the
land. Some of us find this pros
pect entirely bracing and excit
ing.
Robert Greer Cohn
Professor
French
A fresh vision?
In a recent discussion of
Western Culture by involved
faculty. History Prof. Paul
Seaver puzzled, "Why do we call
this elite culture Western cul
ture and why should we want to
teach this to young people in an
egalitarian society?" (Campus
Report, Oct. 22).
The first part is obvious even
to him. That was the only re
corded culture and it is our an
cestral one. on which we build.
Moreover, as all the partici
pants acknowledge, it is very
rich and strong and beautiful.

Even the Soviet Union admires
and repairs its cathedrals and
studies its classics in school. In
World War II it strengthened
itself in a crisis by rediscover
ing its cultural and religious
roots.
It is for similar reasons that
we teach the classics to our
youth. For, despite the catch
word "egalitarian," the truth is
that young Americans are not
only egalitarian any more than
young Russians are.
There is no such thing as pure
egalitarianism. A healthy socie

ty is a balance between
egalitarian and qualitative
"dimensions," as in our repre
sentative government and eve
ry other branch of American
life, where merit and talent
count for a great deal. This is
not a rightist view, but a cen
trist, balanced one.
Seaver's view represents a
doctrinaire one-sided Utopian
liberalism that is clearly on the
way out, as just about every
public voice admits these days.
Only on campuses, where such
ideological doctrines can be
come entrenched through
bloodless abstraction, do we

find such laggard views.
As Hugh Sidey affirms in the
Oct. 6 issue of Time, a new
coalition is in formation, seek
ing to assert against runaway
pluralism and hedonistic
narcissism, a fresh vision for
America. It is a matter of sur
vival. That answers in part
Seaver's query as to why
Western Civilization courses
are being reinstated across the
land. Some of us find this pros
pect entirely bracing and excit
ing.
Robert Greer Cohn
Professor
French
A fresh vision?
In a recent discussion of
Western Culture by involved
faculty. History Prof. Paul
Seaver puzzled, "Why do we call
this elite culture Western cul
ture and why should we want to
teach this to young people in an
egalitarian society?" (Campus
Report, Oct. 22).
The first part is obvious even
to him. That was the only re
corded culture and it is our an
cestral one. on which we build.
Moreover, as all the partici
pants acknowledge, it is very
rich and strong and beautiful.

Even the Soviet Union admires
and repairs its cathedrals and
studies its classics in school. In
World War II it strengthened
itself in a crisis by rediscover
ing its cultural and religious
roots.
It is for similar reasons that
we teach the classics to our
youth. For, despite the catch
word "egalitarian," the truth is
that young Americans are not
only egalitarian any more than
young Russians are.
There is no such thing as pure
egalitarianism. A healthy socie

ty is a balance between
egalitarian and qualitative
"dimensions," as in our repre
sentative government and eve
ry other branch of American
life, where merit and talent
count for a great deal. This is
not a rightist view, but a cen
trist, balanced one.
Seaver's view represents a
doctrinaire one-sided Utopian
liberalism that is clearly on the
way out, as just about every
public voice admits these days.
Only on campuses, where such
ideological doctrines can be
come entrenched through
bloodless abstraction, do we

find such laggard views.
As Hugh Sidey affirms in the
Oct. 6 issue of Time, a new
coalition is in formation, seek
ing to assert against runaway
pluralism and hedonistic
narcissism, a fresh vision for
America. It is a matter of sur
vival. That answers in part
Seaver's query as to why
Western Civilization courses
are being reinstated across the
land. Some of us find this pros
pect entirely bracing and excit
ing.
Robert Greer Cohn
Professor
French
A fresh vision?
In a recent discussion of
Western Culture by involved
faculty. History Prof. Paul
Seaver puzzled, "Why do we call
this elite culture Western cul
ture and why should we want to
teach this to young people in an
egalitarian society?" (Campus
Report, Oct. 22).
The first part is obvious even
to him. That was the only re
corded culture and it is our an
cestral one. on which we build.
Moreover, as all the partici
pants acknowledge, it is very
rich and strong and beautiful.

Even the Soviet Union admires
and repairs its cathedrals and
studies its classics in school. In
World War II it strengthened
itself in a crisis by rediscover
ing its cultural and religious
roots.
It is for similar reasons that
we teach the classics to our
youth. For, despite the catch
word "egalitarian," the truth is
that young Americans are not
only egalitarian any more than
young Russians are.
There is no such thing as pure
egalitarianism. A healthy socie

ty is a balance between
egalitarian and qualitative
"dimensions," as in our repre
sentative government and eve
ry other branch of American
life, where merit and talent
count for a great deal. This is
not a rightist view, but a cen
trist, balanced one.
Seaver's view represents a
doctrinaire one-sided Utopian
liberalism that is clearly on the
way out, as just about every
public voice admits these days.
Only on campuses, where such
ideological doctrines can be
come entrenched through
bloodless abstraction, do we

find such laggard views.
As Hugh Sidey affirms in the
Oct. 6 issue of Time, a new
coalition is in formation, seek
ing to assert against runaway
pluralism and hedonistic
narcissism, a fresh vision for
America. It is a matter of sur
vival. That answers in part
Seaver's query as to why
Western Civilization courses
are being reinstated across the
land. Some of us find this pros
pect entirely bracing and excit
ing.
Robert Greer Cohn
Professor
French
