# Adv. 10 Page 3
## 
### 
NOW
Your college graduation ring, a rec
ognized symbol of your achieve
ment. Any year. Heavy gold
mounting.
CENTS $29.00
LADIES 24.00
k, THHMM
218 University Ave.
Across from Stanford Theatre
Downtown Palo Alto
NOW
Your college graduation ring, a rec
ognized symbol of your achieve
ment. Any year. Heavy gold
mounting.
CENTS $29.00
LADIES 24.00
k, THHMM
218 University Ave.
Across from Stanford Theatre
Downtown Palo Alto
NOW
Your college graduation ring, a rec
ognized symbol of your achieve
ment. Any year. Heavy gold
mounting.
CENTS $29.00
LADIES 24.00
k, THHMM
218 University Ave.
Across from Stanford Theatre
Downtown Palo Alto
NOW
Your college graduation ring, a rec
ognized symbol of your achieve
ment. Any year. Heavy gold
mounting.
CENTS $29.00
LADIES 24.00
k, THHMM
218 University Ave.
Across from Stanford Theatre
Downtown Palo Alto
NOW
Your college graduation ring, a rec
ognized symbol of your achieve
ment. Any year. Heavy gold
mounting.
CENTS $29.00
LADIES 24.00
k, THHMM
218 University Ave.
Across from Stanford Theatre
Downtown Palo Alto
NOW
Your college graduation ring, a rec
ognized symbol of your achieve
ment. Any year. Heavy gold
mounting.
CENTS $29.00
LADIES 24.00
k, THHMM
218 University Ave.
Across from Stanford Theatre
Downtown Palo Alto
NOW
Your college graduation ring, a rec
ognized symbol of your achieve
ment. Any year. Heavy gold
mounting.
CENTS $29.00
LADIES 24.00
k, THHMM
218 University Ave.
Across from Stanford Theatre
Downtown Palo Alto
NOW
Your college graduation ring, a rec
ognized symbol of your achieve
ment. Any year. Heavy gold
mounting.
CENTS $29.00
LADIES 24.00
k, THHMM
218 University Ave.
Across from Stanford Theatre
Downtown Palo Alto
NOW
Your college graduation ring, a rec
ognized symbol of your achieve
ment. Any year. Heavy gold
mounting.
CENTS $29.00
LADIES 24.00
k, THHMM
218 University Ave.
Across from Stanford Theatre
Downtown Palo Alto
NOW
Your college graduation ring, a rec
ognized symbol of your achieve
ment. Any year. Heavy gold
mounting.
CENTS $29.00
LADIES 24.00
k, THHMM
218 University Ave.
Across from Stanford Theatre
Downtown Palo Alto
NOW
Your college graduation ring, a rec
ognized symbol of your achieve
ment. Any year. Heavy gold
mounting.
CENTS $29.00
LADIES 24.00
k, THHMM
218 University Ave.
Across from Stanford Theatre
Downtown Palo Alto
NOW
Your college graduation ring, a rec
ognized symbol of your achieve
ment. Any year. Heavy gold
mounting.
CENTS $29.00
LADIES 24.00
k, THHMM
218 University Ave.
Across from Stanford Theatre
Downtown Palo Alto
NOW
Your college graduation ring, a rec
ognized symbol of your achieve
ment. Any year. Heavy gold
mounting.
CENTS $29.00
LADIES 24.00
k, THHMM
218 University Ave.
Across from Stanford Theatre
Downtown Palo Alto
NOW
Your college graduation ring, a rec
ognized symbol of your achieve
ment. Any year. Heavy gold
mounting.
CENTS $29.00
LADIES 24.00
k, THHMM
218 University Ave.
Across from Stanford Theatre
Downtown Palo Alto
NOW
Your college graduation ring, a rec
ognized symbol of your achieve
ment. Any year. Heavy gold
mounting.
CENTS $29.00
LADIES 24.00
k, THHMM
218 University Ave.
Across from Stanford Theatre
Downtown Palo Alto
