# Named to Committee
## 
### 
University President Wallace
Sterling has boon named to the
executive committee for the
Northern California observance
of Invest in America Week.
University President Wallace
Sterling has boon named to the
executive committee for the
Northern California observance
of Invest in America Week.
University President Wallace
Sterling has boon named to the
executive committee for the
Northern California observance
of Invest in America Week.
University President Wallace
Sterling has boon named to the
executive committee for the
Northern California observance
of Invest in America Week.
University President Wallace
Sterling has boon named to the
executive committee for the
Northern California observance
of Invest in America Week.
University President Wallace
Sterling has boon named to the
executive committee for the
Northern California observance
of Invest in America Week.
University President Wallace
Sterling has boon named to the
executive committee for the
Northern California observance
of Invest in America Week.
University President Wallace
Sterling has boon named to the
executive committee for the
Northern California observance
of Invest in America Week.
University President Wallace
Sterling has boon named to the
executive committee for the
Northern California observance
of Invest in America Week.
University President Wallace
Sterling has boon named to the
executive committee for the
Northern California observance
of Invest in America Week.
University President Wallace
Sterling has boon named to the
executive committee for the
Northern California observance
of Invest in America Week.
University President Wallace
Sterling has boon named to the
executive committee for the
Northern California observance
of Invest in America Week.
University President Wallace
Sterling has boon named to the
executive committee for the
Northern California observance
of Invest in America Week.
University President Wallace
Sterling has boon named to the
executive committee for the
Northern California observance
of Invest in America Week.
University President Wallace
Sterling has boon named to the
executive committee for the
Northern California observance
of Invest in America Week.
