# Board Bills Are Due Tomorrow
## 
### 
Tomorrow is the last day for
paying University board and room
bills without an added fee. Pay
ment should be made bet worn S
a.m. and .1 p.m. at the cashier's
office, Fncina Hall.
Che r k s accompanied by Ihe
statement may be mailed to the
cashier's office but must be post
marked no later than April 13.
Any student unable to pay now
should see the Dean of Men or
Women concerning a deferment.
Tomorrow is the last day for
paying University board and room
bills without an added fee. Pay
ment should be made bet worn S
a.m. and .1 p.m. at the cashier's
office, Fncina Hall.
Che r k s accompanied by Ihe
statement may be mailed to the
cashier's office but must be post
marked no later than April 13.
Any student unable to pay now
should see the Dean of Men or
Women concerning a deferment.
Tomorrow is the last day for
paying University board and room
bills without an added fee. Pay
ment should be made bet worn S
a.m. and .1 p.m. at the cashier's
office, Fncina Hall.
Che r k s accompanied by Ihe
statement may be mailed to the
cashier's office but must be post
marked no later than April 13.
Any student unable to pay now
should see the Dean of Men or
Women concerning a deferment.
Tomorrow is the last day for
paying University board and room
bills without an added fee. Pay
ment should be made bet worn S
a.m. and .1 p.m. at the cashier's
office, Fncina Hall.
Che r k s accompanied by Ihe
statement may be mailed to the
cashier's office but must be post
marked no later than April 13.
Any student unable to pay now
should see the Dean of Men or
Women concerning a deferment.
Tomorrow is the last day for
paying University board and room
bills without an added fee. Pay
ment should be made bet worn S
a.m. and .1 p.m. at the cashier's
office, Fncina Hall.
Che r k s accompanied by Ihe
statement may be mailed to the
cashier's office but must be post
marked no later than April 13.
Any student unable to pay now
should see the Dean of Men or
Women concerning a deferment.
Tomorrow is the last day for
paying University board and room
bills without an added fee. Pay
ment should be made bet worn S
a.m. and .1 p.m. at the cashier's
office, Fncina Hall.
Che r k s accompanied by Ihe
statement may be mailed to the
cashier's office but must be post
marked no later than April 13.
Any student unable to pay now
should see the Dean of Men or
Women concerning a deferment.
Tomorrow is the last day for
paying University board and room
bills without an added fee. Pay
ment should be made bet worn S
a.m. and .1 p.m. at the cashier's
office, Fncina Hall.
Che r k s accompanied by Ihe
statement may be mailed to the
cashier's office but must be post
marked no later than April 13.
Any student unable to pay now
should see the Dean of Men or
Women concerning a deferment.
Tomorrow is the last day for
paying University board and room
bills without an added fee. Pay
ment should be made bet worn S
a.m. and .1 p.m. at the cashier's
office, Fncina Hall.
Che r k s accompanied by Ihe
statement may be mailed to the
cashier's office but must be post
marked no later than April 13.
Any student unable to pay now
should see the Dean of Men or
Women concerning a deferment.
Tomorrow is the last day for
paying University board and room
bills without an added fee. Pay
ment should be made bet worn S
a.m. and .1 p.m. at the cashier's
office, Fncina Hall.
Che r k s accompanied by Ihe
statement may be mailed to the
cashier's office but must be post
marked no later than April 13.
Any student unable to pay now
should see the Dean of Men or
Women concerning a deferment.
Tomorrow is the last day for
paying University board and room
bills without an added fee. Pay
ment should be made bet worn S
a.m. and .1 p.m. at the cashier's
office, Fncina Hall.
Che r k s accompanied by Ihe
statement may be mailed to the
cashier's office but must be post
marked no later than April 13.
Any student unable to pay now
should see the Dean of Men or
Women concerning a deferment.
Tomorrow is the last day for
paying University board and room
bills without an added fee. Pay
ment should be made bet worn S
a.m. and .1 p.m. at the cashier's
office, Fncina Hall.
Che r k s accompanied by Ihe
statement may be mailed to the
cashier's office but must be post
marked no later than April 13.
Any student unable to pay now
should see the Dean of Men or
Women concerning a deferment.
Tomorrow is the last day for
paying University board and room
bills without an added fee. Pay
ment should be made bet worn S
a.m. and .1 p.m. at the cashier's
office, Fncina Hall.
Che r k s accompanied by Ihe
statement may be mailed to the
cashier's office but must be post
marked no later than April 13.
Any student unable to pay now
should see the Dean of Men or
Women concerning a deferment.
Tomorrow is the last day for
paying University board and room
bills without an added fee. Pay
ment should be made bet worn S
a.m. and .1 p.m. at the cashier's
office, Fncina Hall.
Che r k s accompanied by Ihe
statement may be mailed to the
cashier's office but must be post
marked no later than April 13.
Any student unable to pay now
should see the Dean of Men or
Women concerning a deferment.
Tomorrow is the last day for
paying University board and room
bills without an added fee. Pay
ment should be made bet worn S
a.m. and .1 p.m. at the cashier's
office, Fncina Hall.
Che r k s accompanied by Ihe
statement may be mailed to the
cashier's office but must be post
marked no later than April 13.
Any student unable to pay now
should see the Dean of Men or
Women concerning a deferment.
Tomorrow is the last day for
paying University board and room
bills without an added fee. Pay
ment should be made bet worn S
a.m. and .1 p.m. at the cashier's
office, Fncina Hall.
Che r k s accompanied by Ihe
statement may be mailed to the
cashier's office but must be post
marked no later than April 13.
Any student unable to pay now
should see the Dean of Men or
Women concerning a deferment.
