# The 						Careers Issue
## 
### 
Co-E*tora
Elise Chapin
and
Steve Trousdale
Advertising Manager
Tom Nelson
Photography
Paul Ainslie
and
Andrew Posselt
Graphic Artlata
George Fujii
and
David North way
The Careers issue it a special inaert
to Ttu Stanford Dally. It was produced
to help students in their career de
cisions with the assistance of the Ca
reer Planning and Placement Center
stafT.
Co-E*tora
Elise Chapin
and
Steve Trousdale
Advertising Manager
Tom Nelson
Photography
Paul Ainslie
and
Andrew Posselt
Graphic Artlata
George Fujii
and
David North way
The Careers issue it a special inaert
to Ttu Stanford Dally. It was produced
to help students in their career de
cisions with the assistance of the Ca
reer Planning and Placement Center
stafT.
Co-E*tora
Elise Chapin
and
Steve Trousdale
Advertising Manager
Tom Nelson
Photography
Paul Ainslie
and
Andrew Posselt
Graphic Artlata
George Fujii
and
David North way
The Careers issue it a special inaert
to Ttu Stanford Dally. It was produced
to help students in their career de
cisions with the assistance of the Ca
reer Planning and Placement Center
stafT.
Co-E*tora
Elise Chapin
and
Steve Trousdale
Advertising Manager
Tom Nelson
Photography
Paul Ainslie
and
Andrew Posselt
Graphic Artlata
George Fujii
and
David North way
The Careers issue it a special inaert
to Ttu Stanford Dally. It was produced
to help students in their career de
cisions with the assistance of the Ca
reer Planning and Placement Center
stafT.
Co-E*tora
Elise Chapin
and
Steve Trousdale
Advertising Manager
Tom Nelson
Photography
Paul Ainslie
and
Andrew Posselt
Graphic Artlata
George Fujii
and
David North way
The Careers issue it a special inaert
to Ttu Stanford Dally. It was produced
to help students in their career de
cisions with the assistance of the Ca
reer Planning and Placement Center
stafT.
Co-E*tora
Elise Chapin
and
Steve Trousdale
Advertising Manager
Tom Nelson
Photography
Paul Ainslie
and
Andrew Posselt
Graphic Artlata
George Fujii
and
David North way
The Careers issue it a special inaert
to Ttu Stanford Dally. It was produced
to help students in their career de
cisions with the assistance of the Ca
reer Planning and Placement Center
stafT.
Co-E*tora
Elise Chapin
and
Steve Trousdale
Advertising Manager
Tom Nelson
Photography
Paul Ainslie
and
Andrew Posselt
Graphic Artlata
George Fujii
and
David North way
The Careers issue it a special inaert
to Ttu Stanford Dally. It was produced
to help students in their career de
cisions with the assistance of the Ca
reer Planning and Placement Center
stafT.
Co-E*tora
Elise Chapin
and
Steve Trousdale
Advertising Manager
Tom Nelson
Photography
Paul Ainslie
and
Andrew Posselt
Graphic Artlata
George Fujii
and
David North way
The Careers issue it a special inaert
to Ttu Stanford Dally. It was produced
to help students in their career de
cisions with the assistance of the Ca
reer Planning and Placement Center
stafT.
Co-E*tora
Elise Chapin
and
Steve Trousdale
Advertising Manager
Tom Nelson
Photography
Paul Ainslie
and
Andrew Posselt
Graphic Artlata
George Fujii
and
David North way
The Careers issue it a special inaert
to Ttu Stanford Dally. It was produced
to help students in their career de
cisions with the assistance of the Ca
reer Planning and Placement Center
stafT.
