# Tennis Club Fleets Officers.
## 
### 
R. L. Murray, '13, president; C. S.
(Jrace, '12, vice-president; and J. A.
Davis, '12, secretary-treasurer, was
the result of today's Tennis Club's
election. H. S. Morgan, '12, S. C.
Kennedy, '12, and F. S. Pratt, '13, are
to compose the executive committee.
Plans and arrangements for other than
the regular tournaments held each
semester were discussed with the hope
of enlarging the club's activities.
R. L. Murray, '13, president; C. S.
(Jrace, '12, vice-president; and J. A.
Davis, '12, secretary-treasurer, was
the result of today's Tennis Club's
election. H. S. Morgan, '12, S. C.
Kennedy, '12, and F. S. Pratt, '13, are
to compose the executive committee.
Plans and arrangements for other than
the regular tournaments held each
semester were discussed with the hope
of enlarging the club's activities.
R. L. Murray, '13, president; C. S.
(Jrace, '12, vice-president; and J. A.
Davis, '12, secretary-treasurer, was
the result of today's Tennis Club's
election. H. S. Morgan, '12, S. C.
Kennedy, '12, and F. S. Pratt, '13, are
to compose the executive committee.
Plans and arrangements for other than
the regular tournaments held each
semester were discussed with the hope
of enlarging the club's activities.
R. L. Murray, '13, president; C. S.
(Jrace, '12, vice-president; and J. A.
Davis, '12, secretary-treasurer, was
the result of today's Tennis Club's
election. H. S. Morgan, '12, S. C.
Kennedy, '12, and F. S. Pratt, '13, are
to compose the executive committee.
Plans and arrangements for other than
the regular tournaments held each
semester were discussed with the hope
of enlarging the club's activities.
R. L. Murray, '13, president; C. S.
(Jrace, '12, vice-president; and J. A.
Davis, '12, secretary-treasurer, was
the result of today's Tennis Club's
election. H. S. Morgan, '12, S. C.
Kennedy, '12, and F. S. Pratt, '13, are
to compose the executive committee.
Plans and arrangements for other than
the regular tournaments held each
semester were discussed with the hope
of enlarging the club's activities.
R. L. Murray, '13, president; C. S.
(Jrace, '12, vice-president; and J. A.
Davis, '12, secretary-treasurer, was
the result of today's Tennis Club's
election. H. S. Morgan, '12, S. C.
Kennedy, '12, and F. S. Pratt, '13, are
to compose the executive committee.
Plans and arrangements for other than
the regular tournaments held each
semester were discussed with the hope
of enlarging the club's activities.
R. L. Murray, '13, president; C. S.
(Jrace, '12, vice-president; and J. A.
Davis, '12, secretary-treasurer, was
the result of today's Tennis Club's
election. H. S. Morgan, '12, S. C.
Kennedy, '12, and F. S. Pratt, '13, are
to compose the executive committee.
Plans and arrangements for other than
the regular tournaments held each
semester were discussed with the hope
of enlarging the club's activities.
R. L. Murray, '13, president; C. S.
(Jrace, '12, vice-president; and J. A.
Davis, '12, secretary-treasurer, was
the result of today's Tennis Club's
election. H. S. Morgan, '12, S. C.
Kennedy, '12, and F. S. Pratt, '13, are
to compose the executive committee.
Plans and arrangements for other than
the regular tournaments held each
semester were discussed with the hope
of enlarging the club's activities.
R. L. Murray, '13, president; C. S.
(Jrace, '12, vice-president; and J. A.
Davis, '12, secretary-treasurer, was
the result of today's Tennis Club's
election. H. S. Morgan, '12, S. C.
Kennedy, '12, and F. S. Pratt, '13, are
to compose the executive committee.
Plans and arrangements for other than
the regular tournaments held each
semester were discussed with the hope
of enlarging the club's activities.
R. L. Murray, '13, president; C. S.
(Jrace, '12, vice-president; and J. A.
Davis, '12, secretary-treasurer, was
the result of today's Tennis Club's
election. H. S. Morgan, '12, S. C.
Kennedy, '12, and F. S. Pratt, '13, are
to compose the executive committee.
Plans and arrangements for other than
the regular tournaments held each
semester were discussed with the hope
of enlarging the club's activities.
R. L. Murray, '13, president; C. S.
(Jrace, '12, vice-president; and J. A.
Davis, '12, secretary-treasurer, was
the result of today's Tennis Club's
election. H. S. Morgan, '12, S. C.
Kennedy, '12, and F. S. Pratt, '13, are
to compose the executive committee.
Plans and arrangements for other than
the regular tournaments held each
semester were discussed with the hope
of enlarging the club's activities.
R. L. Murray, '13, president; C. S.
(Jrace, '12, vice-president; and J. A.
Davis, '12, secretary-treasurer, was
the result of today's Tennis Club's
election. H. S. Morgan, '12, S. C.
Kennedy, '12, and F. S. Pratt, '13, are
to compose the executive committee.
Plans and arrangements for other than
the regular tournaments held each
semester were discussed with the hope
of enlarging the club's activities.
