# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—The faculty of Minnesota have
abolished their whole marking and
honor system. Henceforth only
pass, condition, and failure marks
will be given, and election to Phi
lieta Kappa, the honorary society,
will be made on the basis of cul
ture and general scholarship more
than on high marks.
—The faculty of Minnesota have
abolished their whole marking and
honor system. Henceforth only
pass, condition, and failure marks
will be given, and election to Phi
lieta Kappa, the honorary society,
will be made on the basis of cul
ture and general scholarship more
than on high marks.
—The faculty of Minnesota have
abolished their whole marking and
honor system. Henceforth only
pass, condition, and failure marks
will be given, and election to Phi
lieta Kappa, the honorary society,
will be made on the basis of cul
ture and general scholarship more
than on high marks.
—The faculty of Minnesota have
abolished their whole marking and
honor system. Henceforth only
pass, condition, and failure marks
will be given, and election to Phi
lieta Kappa, the honorary society,
will be made on the basis of cul
ture and general scholarship more
than on high marks.
—The faculty of Minnesota have
abolished their whole marking and
honor system. Henceforth only
pass, condition, and failure marks
will be given, and election to Phi
lieta Kappa, the honorary society,
will be made on the basis of cul
ture and general scholarship more
than on high marks.
—The faculty of Minnesota have
abolished their whole marking and
honor system. Henceforth only
pass, condition, and failure marks
will be given, and election to Phi
lieta Kappa, the honorary society,
will be made on the basis of cul
ture and general scholarship more
than on high marks.
—The faculty of Minnesota have
abolished their whole marking and
honor system. Henceforth only
pass, condition, and failure marks
will be given, and election to Phi
lieta Kappa, the honorary society,
will be made on the basis of cul
ture and general scholarship more
than on high marks.
