# USW won't protest at Games
## 
### LISA LYNCH Daily staff 
Calling the Olympics a game
of "political football," United
Stanford Workers (USW) Presi
dent Linda Crouse announced
this morning that USW would
not demonstrate at the Olympic
Games, as previously planned.
"The feeling among our
members is that the Olympic
Games have been used all too
often as a political football,"
Crouse said.
At first, USW members had
tentatively planned an
"informational picket" at the
stadium during the Games.
"There were other unions that
planned to support us," Crouse
explained.
However, some USW mem
bers voiced violent oppostion to
the plan. Eighteen workers ac

tually resigned from the union,
after signing a petition circ
ulated through the operations
and maintenance department
about the demonstration.
Originally written by lead
electrician Robert Elmore, the
June 28 letter signed by Elmore
and four colleagues was sent to
the Stanford News Service July
5. By last Friday, Elmore had
gathered 13 more signatures
(see page 4 for text of the let
ter).
In an interview with the Stan
ford News Service, Elmore said
that the letter and withdrawal of
the 18 members "was not an at
tack on any one person or group
within the union, but rather a
protest against the un
reasonableness of the group's
actions."

After reading Elmore's letter,
Crouse said she decided to eon
suit other Union members
about the Olympic demonstra
tion.
"We had originally discussed
the demonstration at a member
meeting, and I'd gotten the
feeling everything was okay,"
Crouse said. "But I decided if
any of our members felt that
strongly, we'd better recon
sider." Although Crouse in
sisted that the Olympic protest
would be called off, she said
USW does plan to make the
"individual athletes" aware ot
the situation. "If the athletes
wish to support us, that would
be wonderful," she said, "but
that's up to them. We will be
present at the Olympics only as
enthusiastic spectators.
