# Summer Play-spots Offer Employment for Students
## 
### KEN SCHUG 
California play-spots offer Stan
ford students a chance to spend their
summer working and playing under
sunny Western skies. Yosemite and
Sequoia parks will have many posi

tions for both men and women who
want to spend their summer doing
something different for their summer
vacation.
No matter what your talents are,
you can probably find something you
will like at these popular summer
resorts. People are needed for work
in commissaries and dining rooms,
as porters, waitresses, maids, ste
nographers, clerks, and soda jerks.
Other jobs are available in smaller
quantities.
Last All Summer
These jobs are available for the
entire summer season, lasting from
the middle of June until mid-Sep
tember, although the rush doesn't
start until the first week in July.
Other jobs available for this sum
mer include a need for men to work j
on white pine blister rust control
projects for the Department of Ag
riculture. These jobs offer a good I
chance of vigorous outdoor expe
rience for energetic students.
Counselors Needed
There are also opportunities for j
counselors for the summer camps of
such youth organizations as the
Scouts, Campfire Girls, private
camps, and other boys' and girls'
groups.
Students in past years who have
taken advantage, of Employment
Service jobs have found them a very
welcome relief from tlu' grind of
studies and have come back to
spread the good news among their
friends. Further information and ap
plications for these and other jobs
can be obtained from the Student
Employment Service in the Admin
istration Building. It is important
to get your applications in as soon
as possible so that all necessary ar
rangements can be made before the
jobs begin.
