# Roble Hall Starts New Social Week
## 
### 
Roble '"Meet Week," planned for
getting all Roble girls acquainted
with each other, will extend from
Thursday to Sunday of this week.
Mary Ellen Rice, general chairman, 1
has announced that skits will be giv
en in the dining rooms during the
week and posters within Roble will
remind the girls to make a special
effort to meet new people. The pro
gram will be terminated Sunday at
a barbecue at the boathouse, where
canoe racing, entertainment, and
singing will follow eating.
"The purpose of the entire week,"
said Miss Rice, "is to get everyone
in Roble acquainted. This will ap
ply particularly to those new girls
who moved into Roble this-quarter.
All girls will be asked to sit at new
tables in the dining room and to
make an effort to learn names and 1
remember them." .
Committee chairmen are Betsy j
Wilson, publicity Anita Dice, serv
ing; Barbara Reed, clean-up; and :
Bea Allen, entertainment.
