# Orchesis To Give Original Concert
## 
### 
Dance interpretation of an old
Scottish ballad and a "Western Bal
let" will highlight a presentation by
Orchesis of its annual spring con
cert in 'Memorial Auditorium, next
Friday at 8:15 p.m.
Dances inspired by classical mu
sic will comprise the first half of
i the program, such as Prelude, Noc
turne, Chorale, "Ave Maria," a mini
ature ballet to a Divertissement by
Ibert, a Scherzo and a Rhapsody.
The second part will include dance
forms based on folk music and in
terpretation of emotional content in
the music.
Besides the ballad interpretation
and "Western Ballet," the second
part of the program includes in
terpretations of "Berceuse" by A.
Casella; Enesco's second Roumanian
Rhapsody; and "Water Boy," an old
convict song.
Dance interpretation of an old
Scottish ballad and a "Western Bal
let" will highlight a presentation by
Orchesis of its annual spring con
cert in 'Memorial Auditorium, next
Friday at 8:15 p.m.
Dances inspired by classical mu
sic will comprise the first half of
i the program, such as Prelude, Noc
turne, Chorale, "Ave Maria," a mini
ature ballet to a Divertissement by
Ibert, a Scherzo and a Rhapsody.
The second part will include dance
forms based on folk music and in
terpretation of emotional content in
the music.
Besides the ballad interpretation
and "Western Ballet," the second
part of the program includes in
terpretations of "Berceuse" by A.
Casella; Enesco's second Roumanian
Rhapsody; and "Water Boy," an old
convict song.
Dance interpretation of an old
Scottish ballad and a "Western Bal
let" will highlight a presentation by
Orchesis of its annual spring con
cert in 'Memorial Auditorium, next
Friday at 8:15 p.m.
Dances inspired by classical mu
sic will comprise the first half of
i the program, such as Prelude, Noc
turne, Chorale, "Ave Maria," a mini
ature ballet to a Divertissement by
Ibert, a Scherzo and a Rhapsody.
The second part will include dance
forms based on folk music and in
terpretation of emotional content in
the music.
Besides the ballad interpretation
and "Western Ballet," the second
part of the program includes in
terpretations of "Berceuse" by A.
Casella; Enesco's second Roumanian
Rhapsody; and "Water Boy," an old
convict song.
Dance interpretation of an old
Scottish ballad and a "Western Bal
let" will highlight a presentation by
Orchesis of its annual spring con
cert in 'Memorial Auditorium, next
Friday at 8:15 p.m.
Dances inspired by classical mu
sic will comprise the first half of
i the program, such as Prelude, Noc
turne, Chorale, "Ave Maria," a mini
ature ballet to a Divertissement by
Ibert, a Scherzo and a Rhapsody.
The second part will include dance
forms based on folk music and in
terpretation of emotional content in
the music.
Besides the ballad interpretation
and "Western Ballet," the second
part of the program includes in
terpretations of "Berceuse" by A.
Casella; Enesco's second Roumanian
Rhapsody; and "Water Boy," an old
convict song.
Dance interpretation of an old
Scottish ballad and a "Western Bal
let" will highlight a presentation by
Orchesis of its annual spring con
cert in 'Memorial Auditorium, next
Friday at 8:15 p.m.
Dances inspired by classical mu
sic will comprise the first half of
i the program, such as Prelude, Noc
turne, Chorale, "Ave Maria," a mini
ature ballet to a Divertissement by
Ibert, a Scherzo and a Rhapsody.
The second part will include dance
forms based on folk music and in
terpretation of emotional content in
the music.
Besides the ballad interpretation
and "Western Ballet," the second
part of the program includes in
terpretations of "Berceuse" by A.
Casella; Enesco's second Roumanian
Rhapsody; and "Water Boy," an old
convict song.
Dance interpretation of an old
Scottish ballad and a "Western Bal
let" will highlight a presentation by
Orchesis of its annual spring con
cert in 'Memorial Auditorium, next
Friday at 8:15 p.m.
Dances inspired by classical mu
sic will comprise the first half of
i the program, such as Prelude, Noc
turne, Chorale, "Ave Maria," a mini
ature ballet to a Divertissement by
Ibert, a Scherzo and a Rhapsody.
The second part will include dance
forms based on folk music and in
terpretation of emotional content in
the music.
Besides the ballad interpretation
and "Western Ballet," the second
part of the program includes in
terpretations of "Berceuse" by A.
Casella; Enesco's second Roumanian
Rhapsody; and "Water Boy," an old
convict song.
Dance interpretation of an old
Scottish ballad and a "Western Bal
let" will highlight a presentation by
Orchesis of its annual spring con
cert in 'Memorial Auditorium, next
Friday at 8:15 p.m.
Dances inspired by classical mu
sic will comprise the first half of
i the program, such as Prelude, Noc
turne, Chorale, "Ave Maria," a mini
ature ballet to a Divertissement by
Ibert, a Scherzo and a Rhapsody.
The second part will include dance
forms based on folk music and in
terpretation of emotional content in
the music.
Besides the ballad interpretation
and "Western Ballet," the second
part of the program includes in
terpretations of "Berceuse" by A.
Casella; Enesco's second Roumanian
Rhapsody; and "Water Boy," an old
convict song.
Dance interpretation of an old
Scottish ballad and a "Western Bal
let" will highlight a presentation by
Orchesis of its annual spring con
cert in 'Memorial Auditorium, next
Friday at 8:15 p.m.
Dances inspired by classical mu
sic will comprise the first half of
i the program, such as Prelude, Noc
turne, Chorale, "Ave Maria," a mini
ature ballet to a Divertissement by
Ibert, a Scherzo and a Rhapsody.
The second part will include dance
forms based on folk music and in
terpretation of emotional content in
the music.
Besides the ballad interpretation
and "Western Ballet," the second
part of the program includes in
terpretations of "Berceuse" by A.
Casella; Enesco's second Roumanian
Rhapsody; and "Water Boy," an old
convict song.
Dance interpretation of an old
Scottish ballad and a "Western Bal
let" will highlight a presentation by
Orchesis of its annual spring con
cert in 'Memorial Auditorium, next
Friday at 8:15 p.m.
Dances inspired by classical mu
sic will comprise the first half of
i the program, such as Prelude, Noc
turne, Chorale, "Ave Maria," a mini
ature ballet to a Divertissement by
Ibert, a Scherzo and a Rhapsody.
The second part will include dance
forms based on folk music and in
terpretation of emotional content in
the music.
Besides the ballad interpretation
and "Western Ballet," the second
part of the program includes in
terpretations of "Berceuse" by A.
Casella; Enesco's second Roumanian
Rhapsody; and "Water Boy," an old
convict song.
Dance interpretation of an old
Scottish ballad and a "Western Bal
let" will highlight a presentation by
Orchesis of its annual spring con
cert in 'Memorial Auditorium, next
Friday at 8:15 p.m.
Dances inspired by classical mu
sic will comprise the first half of
i the program, such as Prelude, Noc
turne, Chorale, "Ave Maria," a mini
ature ballet to a Divertissement by
Ibert, a Scherzo and a Rhapsody.
The second part will include dance
forms based on folk music and in
terpretation of emotional content in
the music.
Besides the ballad interpretation
and "Western Ballet," the second
part of the program includes in
terpretations of "Berceuse" by A.
Casella; Enesco's second Roumanian
Rhapsody; and "Water Boy," an old
convict song.
Dance interpretation of an old
Scottish ballad and a "Western Bal
let" will highlight a presentation by
Orchesis of its annual spring con
cert in 'Memorial Auditorium, next
Friday at 8:15 p.m.
Dances inspired by classical mu
sic will comprise the first half of
i the program, such as Prelude, Noc
turne, Chorale, "Ave Maria," a mini
ature ballet to a Divertissement by
Ibert, a Scherzo and a Rhapsody.
The second part will include dance
forms based on folk music and in
terpretation of emotional content in
the music.
Besides the ballad interpretation
and "Western Ballet," the second
part of the program includes in
terpretations of "Berceuse" by A.
Casella; Enesco's second Roumanian
Rhapsody; and "Water Boy," an old
convict song.
Dance interpretation of an old
Scottish ballad and a "Western Bal
let" will highlight a presentation by
Orchesis of its annual spring con
cert in 'Memorial Auditorium, next
Friday at 8:15 p.m.
Dances inspired by classical mu
sic will comprise the first half of
i the program, such as Prelude, Noc
turne, Chorale, "Ave Maria," a mini
ature ballet to a Divertissement by
Ibert, a Scherzo and a Rhapsody.
The second part will include dance
forms based on folk music and in
terpretation of emotional content in
the music.
Besides the ballad interpretation
and "Western Ballet," the second
part of the program includes in
terpretations of "Berceuse" by A.
Casella; Enesco's second Roumanian
Rhapsody; and "Water Boy," an old
convict song.
Dance interpretation of an old
Scottish ballad and a "Western Bal
let" will highlight a presentation by
Orchesis of its annual spring con
cert in 'Memorial Auditorium, next
Friday at 8:15 p.m.
Dances inspired by classical mu
sic will comprise the first half of
i the program, such as Prelude, Noc
turne, Chorale, "Ave Maria," a mini
ature ballet to a Divertissement by
Ibert, a Scherzo and a Rhapsody.
The second part will include dance
forms based on folk music and in
terpretation of emotional content in
the music.
Besides the ballad interpretation
and "Western Ballet," the second
part of the program includes in
terpretations of "Berceuse" by A.
Casella; Enesco's second Roumanian
Rhapsody; and "Water Boy," an old
convict song.
Dance interpretation of an old
Scottish ballad and a "Western Bal
let" will highlight a presentation by
Orchesis of its annual spring con
cert in 'Memorial Auditorium, next
Friday at 8:15 p.m.
Dances inspired by classical mu
sic will comprise the first half of
i the program, such as Prelude, Noc
turne, Chorale, "Ave Maria," a mini
ature ballet to a Divertissement by
Ibert, a Scherzo and a Rhapsody.
The second part will include dance
forms based on folk music and in
terpretation of emotional content in
the music.
Besides the ballad interpretation
and "Western Ballet," the second
part of the program includes in
terpretations of "Berceuse" by A.
Casella; Enesco's second Roumanian
Rhapsody; and "Water Boy," an old
convict song.
Dance interpretation of an old
Scottish ballad and a "Western Bal
let" will highlight a presentation by
Orchesis of its annual spring con
cert in 'Memorial Auditorium, next
Friday at 8:15 p.m.
Dances inspired by classical mu
sic will comprise the first half of
i the program, such as Prelude, Noc
turne, Chorale, "Ave Maria," a mini
ature ballet to a Divertissement by
Ibert, a Scherzo and a Rhapsody.
The second part will include dance
forms based on folk music and in
terpretation of emotional content in
the music.
Besides the ballad interpretation
and "Western Ballet," the second
part of the program includes in
terpretations of "Berceuse" by A.
Casella; Enesco's second Roumanian
Rhapsody; and "Water Boy," an old
convict song.
