# INTER-VARSITY COUNCIL
## 
### 
Inter-varsity Council will meet in
the Vestry of the Memorial Chapel
at 8 p.m. The group will continue
its discussion of the Bible.
Inter-varsity Council will meet in
the Vestry of the Memorial Chapel
at 8 p.m. The group will continue
its discussion of the Bible.
Inter-varsity Council will meet in
the Vestry of the Memorial Chapel
at 8 p.m. The group will continue
its discussion of the Bible.
Inter-varsity Council will meet in
the Vestry of the Memorial Chapel
at 8 p.m. The group will continue
its discussion of the Bible.
Inter-varsity Council will meet in
the Vestry of the Memorial Chapel
at 8 p.m. The group will continue
its discussion of the Bible.
Inter-varsity Council will meet in
the Vestry of the Memorial Chapel
at 8 p.m. The group will continue
its discussion of the Bible.
Inter-varsity Council will meet in
the Vestry of the Memorial Chapel
at 8 p.m. The group will continue
its discussion of the Bible.
Inter-varsity Council will meet in
the Vestry of the Memorial Chapel
at 8 p.m. The group will continue
its discussion of the Bible.
Inter-varsity Council will meet in
the Vestry of the Memorial Chapel
at 8 p.m. The group will continue
its discussion of the Bible.
Inter-varsity Council will meet in
the Vestry of the Memorial Chapel
at 8 p.m. The group will continue
its discussion of the Bible.
Inter-varsity Council will meet in
the Vestry of the Memorial Chapel
at 8 p.m. The group will continue
its discussion of the Bible.
Inter-varsity Council will meet in
the Vestry of the Memorial Chapel
at 8 p.m. The group will continue
its discussion of the Bible.
Inter-varsity Council will meet in
the Vestry of the Memorial Chapel
at 8 p.m. The group will continue
its discussion of the Bible.
Inter-varsity Council will meet in
the Vestry of the Memorial Chapel
at 8 p.m. The group will continue
its discussion of the Bible.
Inter-varsity Council will meet in
the Vestry of the Memorial Chapel
at 8 p.m. The group will continue
its discussion of the Bible.
