# Adv. 4 Page 3
## 
### 
THE
ACTION MAN
SLACKS
M
The fashion flair this fall
is toward A-l RACER*
FLARES. This trend-set
ting, action man slack has
the famous Racer top,
flared bottom heel to toe
slant and boot slit. Solids
and patterns in no-iron
fabrics. $10.00 to ©(J- '
CO
RACER
FLARES I
am
335 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
PALO ALTO re " "*
[
THE
ACTION MAN
SLACKS
M
The fashion flair this fall
is toward A-l RACER*
FLARES. This trend-set
ting, action man slack has
the famous Racer top,
flared bottom heel to toe
slant and boot slit. Solids
and patterns in no-iron
fabrics. $10.00 to ©(J- '
CO
RACER
FLARES I
am
335 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
PALO ALTO re " "*
[
THE
ACTION MAN
SLACKS
M
The fashion flair this fall
is toward A-l RACER*
FLARES. This trend-set
ting, action man slack has
the famous Racer top,
flared bottom heel to toe
slant and boot slit. Solids
and patterns in no-iron
fabrics. $10.00 to ©(J- '
CO
RACER
FLARES I
am
335 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
PALO ALTO re " "*
[
THE
ACTION MAN
SLACKS
M
The fashion flair this fall
is toward A-l RACER*
FLARES. This trend-set
ting, action man slack has
the famous Racer top,
flared bottom heel to toe
slant and boot slit. Solids
and patterns in no-iron
fabrics. $10.00 to ©(J- '
CO
RACER
FLARES I
am
335 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
PALO ALTO re " "*
[
THE
ACTION MAN
SLACKS
M
The fashion flair this fall
is toward A-l RACER*
FLARES. This trend-set
ting, action man slack has
the famous Racer top,
flared bottom heel to toe
slant and boot slit. Solids
and patterns in no-iron
fabrics. $10.00 to ©(J- '
CO
RACER
FLARES I
am
335 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
PALO ALTO re " "*
[
THE
ACTION MAN
SLACKS
M
The fashion flair this fall
is toward A-l RACER*
FLARES. This trend-set
ting, action man slack has
the famous Racer top,
flared bottom heel to toe
slant and boot slit. Solids
and patterns in no-iron
fabrics. $10.00 to ©(J- '
CO
RACER
FLARES I
am
335 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
PALO ALTO re " "*
[
THE
ACTION MAN
SLACKS
M
The fashion flair this fall
is toward A-l RACER*
FLARES. This trend-set
ting, action man slack has
the famous Racer top,
flared bottom heel to toe
slant and boot slit. Solids
and patterns in no-iron
fabrics. $10.00 to ©(J- '
CO
RACER
FLARES I
am
335 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
PALO ALTO re " "*
[
THE
ACTION MAN
SLACKS
M
The fashion flair this fall
is toward A-l RACER*
FLARES. This trend-set
ting, action man slack has
the famous Racer top,
flared bottom heel to toe
slant and boot slit. Solids
and patterns in no-iron
fabrics. $10.00 to ©(J- '
CO
RACER
FLARES I
am
335 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
PALO ALTO re " "*
[
THE
ACTION MAN
SLACKS
M
The fashion flair this fall
is toward A-l RACER*
FLARES. This trend-set
ting, action man slack has
the famous Racer top,
flared bottom heel to toe
slant and boot slit. Solids
and patterns in no-iron
fabrics. $10.00 to ©(J- '
CO
RACER
FLARES I
am
335 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
PALO ALTO re " "*
[
THE
ACTION MAN
SLACKS
M
The fashion flair this fall
is toward A-l RACER*
FLARES. This trend-set
ting, action man slack has
the famous Racer top,
flared bottom heel to toe
slant and boot slit. Solids
and patterns in no-iron
fabrics. $10.00 to ©(J- '
CO
RACER
FLARES I
am
335 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
PALO ALTO re " "*
[
THE
ACTION MAN
SLACKS
M
The fashion flair this fall
is toward A-l RACER*
FLARES. This trend-set
ting, action man slack has
the famous Racer top,
flared bottom heel to toe
slant and boot slit. Solids
and patterns in no-iron
fabrics. $10.00 to ©(J- '
CO
RACER
FLARES I
am
335 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
PALO ALTO re " "*
[
THE
ACTION MAN
SLACKS
M
The fashion flair this fall
is toward A-l RACER*
FLARES. This trend-set
ting, action man slack has
the famous Racer top,
flared bottom heel to toe
slant and boot slit. Solids
and patterns in no-iron
fabrics. $10.00 to ©(J- '
CO
RACER
FLARES I
am
335 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
PALO ALTO re " "*
[
THE
ACTION MAN
SLACKS
M
The fashion flair this fall
is toward A-l RACER*
FLARES. This trend-set
ting, action man slack has
the famous Racer top,
flared bottom heel to toe
slant and boot slit. Solids
and patterns in no-iron
fabrics. $10.00 to ©(J- '
CO
RACER
FLARES I
am
335 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
PALO ALTO re " "*
[
THE
ACTION MAN
SLACKS
M
The fashion flair this fall
is toward A-l RACER*
FLARES. This trend-set
ting, action man slack has
the famous Racer top,
flared bottom heel to toe
slant and boot slit. Solids
and patterns in no-iron
fabrics. $10.00 to ©(J- '
CO
RACER
FLARES I
am
335 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
PALO ALTO re " "*
[
THE
ACTION MAN
SLACKS
M
The fashion flair this fall
is toward A-l RACER*
FLARES. This trend-set
ting, action man slack has
the famous Racer top,
flared bottom heel to toe
slant and boot slit. Solids
and patterns in no-iron
fabrics. $10.00 to ©(J- '
CO
RACER
FLARES I
am
335 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
PALO ALTO re " "*
[
