# Swimming to Stop In Lagunita Lake
## 
### 
Summer swimming and boating in
Lagunita Lake will be impossible in
a month for it is now being drained
to prevent further breeding of
mosquitoes.
The lake will be filled again after
the first intensive fall rain and
enough water has accumulated be
hind the golf course dam, according
to Corp Yard Assistant Superintend
ent Bill Smith.
Summer swimming and boating in
Lagunita Lake will be impossible in
a month for it is now being drained
to prevent further breeding of
mosquitoes.
The lake will be filled again after
the first intensive fall rain and
enough water has accumulated be
hind the golf course dam, according
to Corp Yard Assistant Superintend
ent Bill Smith.
Summer swimming and boating in
Lagunita Lake will be impossible in
a month for it is now being drained
to prevent further breeding of
mosquitoes.
The lake will be filled again after
the first intensive fall rain and
enough water has accumulated be
hind the golf course dam, according
to Corp Yard Assistant Superintend
ent Bill Smith.
Summer swimming and boating in
Lagunita Lake will be impossible in
a month for it is now being drained
to prevent further breeding of
mosquitoes.
The lake will be filled again after
the first intensive fall rain and
enough water has accumulated be
hind the golf course dam, according
to Corp Yard Assistant Superintend
ent Bill Smith.
Summer swimming and boating in
Lagunita Lake will be impossible in
a month for it is now being drained
to prevent further breeding of
mosquitoes.
The lake will be filled again after
the first intensive fall rain and
enough water has accumulated be
hind the golf course dam, according
to Corp Yard Assistant Superintend
ent Bill Smith.
Summer swimming and boating in
Lagunita Lake will be impossible in
a month for it is now being drained
to prevent further breeding of
mosquitoes.
The lake will be filled again after
the first intensive fall rain and
enough water has accumulated be
hind the golf course dam, according
to Corp Yard Assistant Superintend
ent Bill Smith.
Summer swimming and boating in
Lagunita Lake will be impossible in
a month for it is now being drained
to prevent further breeding of
mosquitoes.
The lake will be filled again after
the first intensive fall rain and
enough water has accumulated be
hind the golf course dam, according
to Corp Yard Assistant Superintend
ent Bill Smith.
Summer swimming and boating in
Lagunita Lake will be impossible in
a month for it is now being drained
to prevent further breeding of
mosquitoes.
The lake will be filled again after
the first intensive fall rain and
enough water has accumulated be
hind the golf course dam, according
to Corp Yard Assistant Superintend
ent Bill Smith.
Summer swimming and boating in
Lagunita Lake will be impossible in
a month for it is now being drained
to prevent further breeding of
mosquitoes.
The lake will be filled again after
the first intensive fall rain and
enough water has accumulated be
hind the golf course dam, according
to Corp Yard Assistant Superintend
ent Bill Smith.
Summer swimming and boating in
Lagunita Lake will be impossible in
a month for it is now being drained
to prevent further breeding of
mosquitoes.
The lake will be filled again after
the first intensive fall rain and
enough water has accumulated be
hind the golf course dam, according
to Corp Yard Assistant Superintend
ent Bill Smith.
Summer swimming and boating in
Lagunita Lake will be impossible in
a month for it is now being drained
to prevent further breeding of
mosquitoes.
The lake will be filled again after
the first intensive fall rain and
enough water has accumulated be
hind the golf course dam, according
to Corp Yard Assistant Superintend
ent Bill Smith.
Summer swimming and boating in
Lagunita Lake will be impossible in
a month for it is now being drained
to prevent further breeding of
mosquitoes.
The lake will be filled again after
the first intensive fall rain and
enough water has accumulated be
hind the golf course dam, according
to Corp Yard Assistant Superintend
ent Bill Smith.
Summer swimming and boating in
Lagunita Lake will be impossible in
a month for it is now being drained
to prevent further breeding of
mosquitoes.
The lake will be filled again after
the first intensive fall rain and
enough water has accumulated be
hind the golf course dam, according
to Corp Yard Assistant Superintend
ent Bill Smith.
Summer swimming and boating in
Lagunita Lake will be impossible in
a month for it is now being drained
to prevent further breeding of
mosquitoes.
The lake will be filled again after
the first intensive fall rain and
enough water has accumulated be
hind the golf course dam, according
to Corp Yard Assistant Superintend
ent Bill Smith.
Summer swimming and boating in
Lagunita Lake will be impossible in
a month for it is now being drained
to prevent further breeding of
mosquitoes.
The lake will be filled again after
the first intensive fall rain and
enough water has accumulated be
hind the golf course dam, according
to Corp Yard Assistant Superintend
ent Bill Smith.
Summer swimming and boating in
Lagunita Lake will be impossible in
a month for it is now being drained
to prevent further breeding of
mosquitoes.
The lake will be filled again after
the first intensive fall rain and
enough water has accumulated be
hind the golf course dam, according
to Corp Yard Assistant Superintend
ent Bill Smith.
Summer swimming and boating in
Lagunita Lake will be impossible in
a month for it is now being drained
to prevent further breeding of
mosquitoes.
The lake will be filled again after
the first intensive fall rain and
enough water has accumulated be
hind the golf course dam, according
to Corp Yard Assistant Superintend
ent Bill Smith.
