# Running to Present
## 
### 
Joseph M. Running, assistant Uni
versity organist, will present the
regular Thursday afternoon organ
recital today at 4:15 in the Memorial
Church.
Joseph M. Running, assistant Uni
versity organist, will present the
regular Thursday afternoon organ
recital today at 4:15 in the Memorial
Church.
Joseph M. Running, assistant Uni
versity organist, will present the
regular Thursday afternoon organ
recital today at 4:15 in the Memorial
Church.
Joseph M. Running, assistant Uni
versity organist, will present the
regular Thursday afternoon organ
recital today at 4:15 in the Memorial
Church.
Joseph M. Running, assistant Uni
versity organist, will present the
regular Thursday afternoon organ
recital today at 4:15 in the Memorial
Church.
Joseph M. Running, assistant Uni
versity organist, will present the
regular Thursday afternoon organ
recital today at 4:15 in the Memorial
Church.
Joseph M. Running, assistant Uni
versity organist, will present the
regular Thursday afternoon organ
recital today at 4:15 in the Memorial
Church.
Joseph M. Running, assistant Uni
versity organist, will present the
regular Thursday afternoon organ
recital today at 4:15 in the Memorial
Church.
Joseph M. Running, assistant Uni
versity organist, will present the
regular Thursday afternoon organ
recital today at 4:15 in the Memorial
Church.
Joseph M. Running, assistant Uni
versity organist, will present the
regular Thursday afternoon organ
recital today at 4:15 in the Memorial
Church.
Joseph M. Running, assistant Uni
versity organist, will present the
regular Thursday afternoon organ
recital today at 4:15 in the Memorial
Church.
Joseph M. Running, assistant Uni
versity organist, will present the
regular Thursday afternoon organ
recital today at 4:15 in the Memorial
Church.
Joseph M. Running, assistant Uni
versity organist, will present the
regular Thursday afternoon organ
recital today at 4:15 in the Memorial
Church.
Joseph M. Running, assistant Uni
versity organist, will present the
regular Thursday afternoon organ
recital today at 4:15 in the Memorial
Church.
Joseph M. Running, assistant Uni
versity organist, will present the
regular Thursday afternoon organ
recital today at 4:15 in the Memorial
Church.
Joseph M. Running, assistant Uni
versity organist, will present the
regular Thursday afternoon organ
recital today at 4:15 in the Memorial
Church.
Joseph M. Running, assistant Uni
versity organist, will present the
regular Thursday afternoon organ
recital today at 4:15 in the Memorial
Church.
