# WILLAMETTE LAW SCHOOL TO INCREASE REQUIREMENTS
## 
### 
Willamette University Law School, be
ginning next year, will increase its re
quirements to include one year of liberal
arts. This action was approved by the
faculty in view of the fact that the Asso
ciation of American Law Schools will
take as members only schools which have
the one year of liberal art requirement.
The University Trustees are also con
sidering an endowment campaign for the
law school which will not be undertaken
until the present campaign for $1,250,000
has been completed.
Willamette University Law School, be
ginning next year, will increase its re
quirements to include one year of liberal
arts. This action was approved by the
faculty in view of the fact that the Asso
ciation of American Law Schools will
take as members only schools which have
the one year of liberal art requirement.
The University Trustees are also con
sidering an endowment campaign for the
law school which will not be undertaken
until the present campaign for $1,250,000
has been completed.
Willamette University Law School, be
ginning next year, will increase its re
quirements to include one year of liberal
arts. This action was approved by the
faculty in view of the fact that the Asso
ciation of American Law Schools will
take as members only schools which have
the one year of liberal art requirement.
The University Trustees are also con
sidering an endowment campaign for the
law school which will not be undertaken
until the present campaign for $1,250,000
has been completed.
Willamette University Law School, be
ginning next year, will increase its re
quirements to include one year of liberal
arts. This action was approved by the
faculty in view of the fact that the Asso
ciation of American Law Schools will
take as members only schools which have
the one year of liberal art requirement.
The University Trustees are also con
sidering an endowment campaign for the
law school which will not be undertaken
until the present campaign for $1,250,000
has been completed.
Willamette University Law School, be
ginning next year, will increase its re
quirements to include one year of liberal
arts. This action was approved by the
faculty in view of the fact that the Asso
ciation of American Law Schools will
take as members only schools which have
the one year of liberal art requirement.
The University Trustees are also con
sidering an endowment campaign for the
law school which will not be undertaken
until the present campaign for $1,250,000
has been completed.
Willamette University Law School, be
ginning next year, will increase its re
quirements to include one year of liberal
arts. This action was approved by the
faculty in view of the fact that the Asso
ciation of American Law Schools will
take as members only schools which have
the one year of liberal art requirement.
The University Trustees are also con
sidering an endowment campaign for the
law school which will not be undertaken
until the present campaign for $1,250,000
has been completed.
Willamette University Law School, be
ginning next year, will increase its re
quirements to include one year of liberal
arts. This action was approved by the
faculty in view of the fact that the Asso
ciation of American Law Schools will
take as members only schools which have
the one year of liberal art requirement.
The University Trustees are also con
sidering an endowment campaign for the
law school which will not be undertaken
until the present campaign for $1,250,000
has been completed.
Willamette University Law School, be
ginning next year, will increase its re
quirements to include one year of liberal
arts. This action was approved by the
faculty in view of the fact that the Asso
ciation of American Law Schools will
take as members only schools which have
the one year of liberal art requirement.
The University Trustees are also con
sidering an endowment campaign for the
law school which will not be undertaken
until the present campaign for $1,250,000
has been completed.
Willamette University Law School, be
ginning next year, will increase its re
quirements to include one year of liberal
arts. This action was approved by the
faculty in view of the fact that the Asso
ciation of American Law Schools will
take as members only schools which have
the one year of liberal art requirement.
The University Trustees are also con
sidering an endowment campaign for the
law school which will not be undertaken
until the present campaign for $1,250,000
has been completed.
Willamette University Law School, be
ginning next year, will increase its re
quirements to include one year of liberal
arts. This action was approved by the
faculty in view of the fact that the Asso
ciation of American Law Schools will
take as members only schools which have
the one year of liberal art requirement.
The University Trustees are also con
sidering an endowment campaign for the
law school which will not be undertaken
until the present campaign for $1,250,000
has been completed.
Willamette University Law School, be
ginning next year, will increase its re
quirements to include one year of liberal
arts. This action was approved by the
faculty in view of the fact that the Asso
ciation of American Law Schools will
take as members only schools which have
the one year of liberal art requirement.
The University Trustees are also con
sidering an endowment campaign for the
law school which will not be undertaken
until the present campaign for $1,250,000
has been completed.
Willamette University Law School, be
ginning next year, will increase its re
quirements to include one year of liberal
arts. This action was approved by the
faculty in view of the fact that the Asso
ciation of American Law Schools will
take as members only schools which have
the one year of liberal art requirement.
The University Trustees are also con
sidering an endowment campaign for the
law school which will not be undertaken
until the present campaign for $1,250,000
has been completed.
Willamette University Law School, be
ginning next year, will increase its re
quirements to include one year of liberal
arts. This action was approved by the
faculty in view of the fact that the Asso
ciation of American Law Schools will
take as members only schools which have
the one year of liberal art requirement.
The University Trustees are also con
sidering an endowment campaign for the
law school which will not be undertaken
until the present campaign for $1,250,000
has been completed.
Willamette University Law School, be
ginning next year, will increase its re
quirements to include one year of liberal
arts. This action was approved by the
faculty in view of the fact that the Asso
ciation of American Law Schools will
take as members only schools which have
the one year of liberal art requirement.
The University Trustees are also con
sidering an endowment campaign for the
law school which will not be undertaken
until the present campaign for $1,250,000
has been completed.
