# REMODELING DONE ON CAMPUS FIRE HOUSE
## 
### 
An extension of thirty feet has just
been built on to the Campus Fire
House in order to accommodate new
equipment. A new small fire engine
has been bought and a combination
chemical engine and hose wagon has
been recently donated by the Seagrave
Fire Engine Company. The living
quarters on the second floor of the
building have laso been remodeled.
An extension of thirty feet has just
been built on to the Campus Fire
House in order to accommodate new
equipment. A new small fire engine
has been bought and a combination
chemical engine and hose wagon has
been recently donated by the Seagrave
Fire Engine Company. The living
quarters on the second floor of the
building have laso been remodeled.
An extension of thirty feet has just
been built on to the Campus Fire
House in order to accommodate new
equipment. A new small fire engine
has been bought and a combination
chemical engine and hose wagon has
been recently donated by the Seagrave
Fire Engine Company. The living
quarters on the second floor of the
building have laso been remodeled.
An extension of thirty feet has just
been built on to the Campus Fire
House in order to accommodate new
equipment. A new small fire engine
has been bought and a combination
chemical engine and hose wagon has
been recently donated by the Seagrave
Fire Engine Company. The living
quarters on the second floor of the
building have laso been remodeled.
An extension of thirty feet has just
been built on to the Campus Fire
House in order to accommodate new
equipment. A new small fire engine
has been bought and a combination
chemical engine and hose wagon has
been recently donated by the Seagrave
Fire Engine Company. The living
quarters on the second floor of the
building have laso been remodeled.
An extension of thirty feet has just
been built on to the Campus Fire
House in order to accommodate new
equipment. A new small fire engine
has been bought and a combination
chemical engine and hose wagon has
been recently donated by the Seagrave
Fire Engine Company. The living
quarters on the second floor of the
building have laso been remodeled.
An extension of thirty feet has just
been built on to the Campus Fire
House in order to accommodate new
equipment. A new small fire engine
has been bought and a combination
chemical engine and hose wagon has
been recently donated by the Seagrave
Fire Engine Company. The living
quarters on the second floor of the
building have laso been remodeled.
An extension of thirty feet has just
been built on to the Campus Fire
House in order to accommodate new
equipment. A new small fire engine
has been bought and a combination
chemical engine and hose wagon has
been recently donated by the Seagrave
Fire Engine Company. The living
quarters on the second floor of the
building have laso been remodeled.
An extension of thirty feet has just
been built on to the Campus Fire
House in order to accommodate new
equipment. A new small fire engine
has been bought and a combination
chemical engine and hose wagon has
been recently donated by the Seagrave
Fire Engine Company. The living
quarters on the second floor of the
building have laso been remodeled.
An extension of thirty feet has just
been built on to the Campus Fire
House in order to accommodate new
equipment. A new small fire engine
has been bought and a combination
chemical engine and hose wagon has
been recently donated by the Seagrave
Fire Engine Company. The living
quarters on the second floor of the
building have laso been remodeled.
An extension of thirty feet has just
been built on to the Campus Fire
House in order to accommodate new
equipment. A new small fire engine
has been bought and a combination
chemical engine and hose wagon has
been recently donated by the Seagrave
Fire Engine Company. The living
quarters on the second floor of the
building have laso been remodeled.
An extension of thirty feet has just
been built on to the Campus Fire
House in order to accommodate new
equipment. A new small fire engine
has been bought and a combination
chemical engine and hose wagon has
been recently donated by the Seagrave
Fire Engine Company. The living
quarters on the second floor of the
building have laso been remodeled.
An extension of thirty feet has just
been built on to the Campus Fire
House in order to accommodate new
equipment. A new small fire engine
has been bought and a combination
chemical engine and hose wagon has
been recently donated by the Seagrave
Fire Engine Company. The living
quarters on the second floor of the
building have laso been remodeled.
An extension of thirty feet has just
been built on to the Campus Fire
House in order to accommodate new
equipment. A new small fire engine
has been bought and a combination
chemical engine and hose wagon has
been recently donated by the Seagrave
Fire Engine Company. The living
quarters on the second floor of the
building have laso been remodeled.
