# MACK TO LEAD BABE WATER POLO SQUAD
## 
### 
Jolin Mack was chosen to captain the
freshman water polo team at an election
held Monday by the squad. Mack has
played a very consistent game the
beginning of practice. He hails from
Pasadena High, where he competed for
several seasons on the aquatic team. Last
year he captured the Southern California
interscholastic breast-stroke champion
ship. •
Coach Ernst Bratidsten has a number
of promising aspirants for the Babes'
water polo team and believes that within
several more weeks he will have an ag
gregation that will compare favorably
with any previous freshman polo teams.
The first year men will devote most of
the fall season to developing team work
and learning the tricks of the game.
Coach Brandsten has many fast swimmers
on the squad, but only a few of the
players have had any previous experience
in water polo.
Jolin Mack was chosen to captain the
freshman water polo team at an election
held Monday by the squad. Mack has
played a very consistent game the
beginning of practice. He hails from
Pasadena High, where he competed for
several seasons on the aquatic team. Last
year he captured the Southern California
interscholastic breast-stroke champion
ship. •
Coach Ernst Bratidsten has a number
of promising aspirants for the Babes'
water polo team and believes that within
several more weeks he will have an ag
gregation that will compare favorably
with any previous freshman polo teams.
The first year men will devote most of
the fall season to developing team work
and learning the tricks of the game.
Coach Brandsten has many fast swimmers
on the squad, but only a few of the
players have had any previous experience
in water polo.
Jolin Mack was chosen to captain the
freshman water polo team at an election
held Monday by the squad. Mack has
played a very consistent game the
beginning of practice. He hails from
Pasadena High, where he competed for
several seasons on the aquatic team. Last
year he captured the Southern California
interscholastic breast-stroke champion
ship. •
Coach Ernst Bratidsten has a number
of promising aspirants for the Babes'
water polo team and believes that within
several more weeks he will have an ag
gregation that will compare favorably
with any previous freshman polo teams.
The first year men will devote most of
the fall season to developing team work
and learning the tricks of the game.
Coach Brandsten has many fast swimmers
on the squad, but only a few of the
players have had any previous experience
in water polo.
Jolin Mack was chosen to captain the
freshman water polo team at an election
held Monday by the squad. Mack has
played a very consistent game the
beginning of practice. He hails from
Pasadena High, where he competed for
several seasons on the aquatic team. Last
year he captured the Southern California
interscholastic breast-stroke champion
ship. •
Coach Ernst Bratidsten has a number
of promising aspirants for the Babes'
water polo team and believes that within
several more weeks he will have an ag
gregation that will compare favorably
with any previous freshman polo teams.
The first year men will devote most of
the fall season to developing team work
and learning the tricks of the game.
Coach Brandsten has many fast swimmers
on the squad, but only a few of the
players have had any previous experience
in water polo.
Jolin Mack was chosen to captain the
freshman water polo team at an election
held Monday by the squad. Mack has
played a very consistent game the
beginning of practice. He hails from
Pasadena High, where he competed for
several seasons on the aquatic team. Last
year he captured the Southern California
interscholastic breast-stroke champion
ship. •
Coach Ernst Bratidsten has a number
of promising aspirants for the Babes'
water polo team and believes that within
several more weeks he will have an ag
gregation that will compare favorably
with any previous freshman polo teams.
The first year men will devote most of
the fall season to developing team work
and learning the tricks of the game.
Coach Brandsten has many fast swimmers
on the squad, but only a few of the
players have had any previous experience
in water polo.
Jolin Mack was chosen to captain the
freshman water polo team at an election
held Monday by the squad. Mack has
played a very consistent game the
beginning of practice. He hails from
Pasadena High, where he competed for
several seasons on the aquatic team. Last
year he captured the Southern California
interscholastic breast-stroke champion
ship. •
Coach Ernst Bratidsten has a number
of promising aspirants for the Babes'
water polo team and believes that within
several more weeks he will have an ag
gregation that will compare favorably
with any previous freshman polo teams.
The first year men will devote most of
the fall season to developing team work
and learning the tricks of the game.
Coach Brandsten has many fast swimmers
on the squad, but only a few of the
players have had any previous experience
in water polo.
Jolin Mack was chosen to captain the
freshman water polo team at an election
held Monday by the squad. Mack has
played a very consistent game the
beginning of practice. He hails from
Pasadena High, where he competed for
several seasons on the aquatic team. Last
year he captured the Southern California
interscholastic breast-stroke champion
ship. •
Coach Ernst Bratidsten has a number
of promising aspirants for the Babes'
water polo team and believes that within
several more weeks he will have an ag
gregation that will compare favorably
with any previous freshman polo teams.
The first year men will devote most of
the fall season to developing team work
and learning the tricks of the game.
Coach Brandsten has many fast swimmers
on the squad, but only a few of the
players have had any previous experience
in water polo.
Jolin Mack was chosen to captain the
freshman water polo team at an election
held Monday by the squad. Mack has
played a very consistent game the
beginning of practice. He hails from
Pasadena High, where he competed for
several seasons on the aquatic team. Last
year he captured the Southern California
interscholastic breast-stroke champion
ship. •
Coach Ernst Bratidsten has a number
of promising aspirants for the Babes'
water polo team and believes that within
several more weeks he will have an ag
gregation that will compare favorably
with any previous freshman polo teams.
The first year men will devote most of
the fall season to developing team work
and learning the tricks of the game.
Coach Brandsten has many fast swimmers
on the squad, but only a few of the
players have had any previous experience
in water polo.
Jolin Mack was chosen to captain the
freshman water polo team at an election
held Monday by the squad. Mack has
played a very consistent game the
beginning of practice. He hails from
Pasadena High, where he competed for
several seasons on the aquatic team. Last
year he captured the Southern California
interscholastic breast-stroke champion
ship. •
Coach Ernst Bratidsten has a number
of promising aspirants for the Babes'
water polo team and believes that within
several more weeks he will have an ag
gregation that will compare favorably
with any previous freshman polo teams.
The first year men will devote most of
the fall season to developing team work
and learning the tricks of the game.
Coach Brandsten has many fast swimmers
on the squad, but only a few of the
players have had any previous experience
in water polo.
Jolin Mack was chosen to captain the
freshman water polo team at an election
held Monday by the squad. Mack has
played a very consistent game the
beginning of practice. He hails from
Pasadena High, where he competed for
several seasons on the aquatic team. Last
year he captured the Southern California
interscholastic breast-stroke champion
ship. •
Coach Ernst Bratidsten has a number
of promising aspirants for the Babes'
water polo team and believes that within
several more weeks he will have an ag
gregation that will compare favorably
with any previous freshman polo teams.
The first year men will devote most of
the fall season to developing team work
and learning the tricks of the game.
Coach Brandsten has many fast swimmers
on the squad, but only a few of the
players have had any previous experience
in water polo.
Jolin Mack was chosen to captain the
freshman water polo team at an election
held Monday by the squad. Mack has
played a very consistent game the
beginning of practice. He hails from
Pasadena High, where he competed for
several seasons on the aquatic team. Last
year he captured the Southern California
interscholastic breast-stroke champion
ship. •
Coach Ernst Bratidsten has a number
of promising aspirants for the Babes'
water polo team and believes that within
several more weeks he will have an ag
gregation that will compare favorably
with any previous freshman polo teams.
The first year men will devote most of
the fall season to developing team work
and learning the tricks of the game.
Coach Brandsten has many fast swimmers
on the squad, but only a few of the
players have had any previous experience
in water polo.
Jolin Mack was chosen to captain the
freshman water polo team at an election
held Monday by the squad. Mack has
played a very consistent game the
beginning of practice. He hails from
Pasadena High, where he competed for
several seasons on the aquatic team. Last
year he captured the Southern California
interscholastic breast-stroke champion
ship. •
Coach Ernst Bratidsten has a number
of promising aspirants for the Babes'
water polo team and believes that within
several more weeks he will have an ag
gregation that will compare favorably
with any previous freshman polo teams.
The first year men will devote most of
the fall season to developing team work
and learning the tricks of the game.
Coach Brandsten has many fast swimmers
on the squad, but only a few of the
players have had any previous experience
in water polo.
Jolin Mack was chosen to captain the
freshman water polo team at an election
held Monday by the squad. Mack has
played a very consistent game the
beginning of practice. He hails from
Pasadena High, where he competed for
several seasons on the aquatic team. Last
year he captured the Southern California
interscholastic breast-stroke champion
ship. •
Coach Ernst Bratidsten has a number
of promising aspirants for the Babes'
water polo team and believes that within
several more weeks he will have an ag
gregation that will compare favorably
with any previous freshman polo teams.
The first year men will devote most of
the fall season to developing team work
and learning the tricks of the game.
Coach Brandsten has many fast swimmers
on the squad, but only a few of the
players have had any previous experience
in water polo.
Jolin Mack was chosen to captain the
freshman water polo team at an election
held Monday by the squad. Mack has
played a very consistent game the
beginning of practice. He hails from
Pasadena High, where he competed for
several seasons on the aquatic team. Last
year he captured the Southern California
interscholastic breast-stroke champion
ship. •
Coach Ernst Bratidsten has a number
of promising aspirants for the Babes'
water polo team and believes that within
several more weeks he will have an ag
gregation that will compare favorably
with any previous freshman polo teams.
The first year men will devote most of
the fall season to developing team work
and learning the tricks of the game.
Coach Brandsten has many fast swimmers
on the squad, but only a few of the
players have had any previous experience
in water polo.
