# FRESHMAN WOMEN AT UTAH ADOPT DISTINCTIVE BADGE
## 
### 
Freshman women at the University of
Utah recently decided to follow the ex
ample of the opposite sex of the Fresh
man Class in wearing a distinctive head
gear. The executive council of the stu
dent association obtained the adoption of
a green ribbon to be worn on the right
wrist as a sign of the freshmdn women's
rank.
The new ruling is expected to promote
greater co-operation among new women?
Freshman women at the University of
Utah recently decided to follow the ex
ample of the opposite sex of the Fresh
man Class in wearing a distinctive head
gear. The executive council of the stu
dent association obtained the adoption of
a green ribbon to be worn on the right
wrist as a sign of the freshmdn women's
rank.
The new ruling is expected to promote
greater co-operation among new women?
Freshman women at the University of
Utah recently decided to follow the ex
ample of the opposite sex of the Fresh
man Class in wearing a distinctive head
gear. The executive council of the stu
dent association obtained the adoption of
a green ribbon to be worn on the right
wrist as a sign of the freshmdn women's
rank.
The new ruling is expected to promote
greater co-operation among new women?
Freshman women at the University of
Utah recently decided to follow the ex
ample of the opposite sex of the Fresh
man Class in wearing a distinctive head
gear. The executive council of the stu
dent association obtained the adoption of
a green ribbon to be worn on the right
wrist as a sign of the freshmdn women's
rank.
The new ruling is expected to promote
greater co-operation among new women?
Freshman women at the University of
Utah recently decided to follow the ex
ample of the opposite sex of the Fresh
man Class in wearing a distinctive head
gear. The executive council of the stu
dent association obtained the adoption of
a green ribbon to be worn on the right
wrist as a sign of the freshmdn women's
rank.
The new ruling is expected to promote
greater co-operation among new women?
Freshman women at the University of
Utah recently decided to follow the ex
ample of the opposite sex of the Fresh
man Class in wearing a distinctive head
gear. The executive council of the stu
dent association obtained the adoption of
a green ribbon to be worn on the right
wrist as a sign of the freshmdn women's
rank.
The new ruling is expected to promote
greater co-operation among new women?
Freshman women at the University of
Utah recently decided to follow the ex
ample of the opposite sex of the Fresh
man Class in wearing a distinctive head
gear. The executive council of the stu
dent association obtained the adoption of
a green ribbon to be worn on the right
wrist as a sign of the freshmdn women's
rank.
The new ruling is expected to promote
greater co-operation among new women?
Freshman women at the University of
Utah recently decided to follow the ex
ample of the opposite sex of the Fresh
man Class in wearing a distinctive head
gear. The executive council of the stu
dent association obtained the adoption of
a green ribbon to be worn on the right
wrist as a sign of the freshmdn women's
rank.
The new ruling is expected to promote
greater co-operation among new women?
Freshman women at the University of
Utah recently decided to follow the ex
ample of the opposite sex of the Fresh
man Class in wearing a distinctive head
gear. The executive council of the stu
dent association obtained the adoption of
a green ribbon to be worn on the right
wrist as a sign of the freshmdn women's
rank.
The new ruling is expected to promote
greater co-operation among new women?
Freshman women at the University of
Utah recently decided to follow the ex
ample of the opposite sex of the Fresh
man Class in wearing a distinctive head
gear. The executive council of the stu
dent association obtained the adoption of
a green ribbon to be worn on the right
wrist as a sign of the freshmdn women's
rank.
The new ruling is expected to promote
greater co-operation among new women?
Freshman women at the University of
Utah recently decided to follow the ex
ample of the opposite sex of the Fresh
man Class in wearing a distinctive head
gear. The executive council of the stu
dent association obtained the adoption of
a green ribbon to be worn on the right
wrist as a sign of the freshmdn women's
rank.
The new ruling is expected to promote
greater co-operation among new women?
Freshman women at the University of
Utah recently decided to follow the ex
ample of the opposite sex of the Fresh
man Class in wearing a distinctive head
gear. The executive council of the stu
dent association obtained the adoption of
a green ribbon to be worn on the right
wrist as a sign of the freshmdn women's
rank.
The new ruling is expected to promote
greater co-operation among new women?
Freshman women at the University of
Utah recently decided to follow the ex
ample of the opposite sex of the Fresh
man Class in wearing a distinctive head
gear. The executive council of the stu
dent association obtained the adoption of
a green ribbon to be worn on the right
wrist as a sign of the freshmdn women's
rank.
The new ruling is expected to promote
greater co-operation among new women?
Freshman women at the University of
Utah recently decided to follow the ex
ample of the opposite sex of the Fresh
man Class in wearing a distinctive head
gear. The executive council of the stu
dent association obtained the adoption of
a green ribbon to be worn on the right
wrist as a sign of the freshmdn women's
rank.
The new ruling is expected to promote
greater co-operation among new women?
