# FORMER WASHINGTON STATE QUARTER AT U. OF OREGON
## 
### 
Moe Sax, speedy quarterback at
Washington State College for the past
two years, has registered at the Uni
versity of Oregon for the remainder of
his college work. Sax will not be
eligible to play football this year on
account of a conference ruling but is
expected to fill the pivot position next
season.
Moe Sax, speedy quarterback at
Washington State College for the past
two years, has registered at the Uni
versity of Oregon for the remainder of
his college work. Sax will not be
eligible to play football this year on
account of a conference ruling but is
expected to fill the pivot position next
season.
Moe Sax, speedy quarterback at
Washington State College for the past
two years, has registered at the Uni
versity of Oregon for the remainder of
his college work. Sax will not be
eligible to play football this year on
account of a conference ruling but is
expected to fill the pivot position next
season.
Moe Sax, speedy quarterback at
Washington State College for the past
two years, has registered at the Uni
versity of Oregon for the remainder of
his college work. Sax will not be
eligible to play football this year on
account of a conference ruling but is
expected to fill the pivot position next
season.
Moe Sax, speedy quarterback at
Washington State College for the past
two years, has registered at the Uni
versity of Oregon for the remainder of
his college work. Sax will not be
eligible to play football this year on
account of a conference ruling but is
expected to fill the pivot position next
season.
Moe Sax, speedy quarterback at
Washington State College for the past
two years, has registered at the Uni
versity of Oregon for the remainder of
his college work. Sax will not be
eligible to play football this year on
account of a conference ruling but is
expected to fill the pivot position next
season.
Moe Sax, speedy quarterback at
Washington State College for the past
two years, has registered at the Uni
versity of Oregon for the remainder of
his college work. Sax will not be
eligible to play football this year on
account of a conference ruling but is
expected to fill the pivot position next
season.
Moe Sax, speedy quarterback at
Washington State College for the past
two years, has registered at the Uni
versity of Oregon for the remainder of
his college work. Sax will not be
eligible to play football this year on
account of a conference ruling but is
expected to fill the pivot position next
season.
Moe Sax, speedy quarterback at
Washington State College for the past
two years, has registered at the Uni
versity of Oregon for the remainder of
his college work. Sax will not be
eligible to play football this year on
account of a conference ruling but is
expected to fill the pivot position next
season.
Moe Sax, speedy quarterback at
Washington State College for the past
two years, has registered at the Uni
versity of Oregon for the remainder of
his college work. Sax will not be
eligible to play football this year on
account of a conference ruling but is
expected to fill the pivot position next
season.
Moe Sax, speedy quarterback at
Washington State College for the past
two years, has registered at the Uni
versity of Oregon for the remainder of
his college work. Sax will not be
eligible to play football this year on
account of a conference ruling but is
expected to fill the pivot position next
season.
Moe Sax, speedy quarterback at
Washington State College for the past
two years, has registered at the Uni
versity of Oregon for the remainder of
his college work. Sax will not be
eligible to play football this year on
account of a conference ruling but is
expected to fill the pivot position next
season.
Moe Sax, speedy quarterback at
Washington State College for the past
two years, has registered at the Uni
versity of Oregon for the remainder of
his college work. Sax will not be
eligible to play football this year on
account of a conference ruling but is
expected to fill the pivot position next
season.
Moe Sax, speedy quarterback at
Washington State College for the past
two years, has registered at the Uni
versity of Oregon for the remainder of
his college work. Sax will not be
eligible to play football this year on
account of a conference ruling but is
expected to fill the pivot position next
season.
