# Randy Duncan Top Pro Draft Choice
## 
### 
PHILADELPHIA (/P) — lowa
quarterback Randy Duncan, se
lected by the Green Bay Packers,
was lhe No. 1 choice in tho an
nual National Football League
draft Monday.

Duncan, 21, pinpoint passer and
field brain of the Rose bowl
bound Big Ten champion, was one
of 10 players chosen by the pros
from the perennially powerful
Western Conference.
PHILADELPHIA (/P) — lowa
quarterback Randy Duncan, se
lected by the Green Bay Packers,
was lhe No. 1 choice in tho an
nual National Football League
draft Monday.

Duncan, 21, pinpoint passer and
field brain of the Rose bowl
bound Big Ten champion, was one
of 10 players chosen by the pros
from the perennially powerful
Western Conference.
PHILADELPHIA (/P) — lowa
quarterback Randy Duncan, se
lected by the Green Bay Packers,
was lhe No. 1 choice in tho an
nual National Football League
draft Monday.

Duncan, 21, pinpoint passer and
field brain of the Rose bowl
bound Big Ten champion, was one
of 10 players chosen by the pros
from the perennially powerful
Western Conference.
PHILADELPHIA (/P) — lowa
quarterback Randy Duncan, se
lected by the Green Bay Packers,
was lhe No. 1 choice in tho an
nual National Football League
draft Monday.

Duncan, 21, pinpoint passer and
field brain of the Rose bowl
bound Big Ten champion, was one
of 10 players chosen by the pros
from the perennially powerful
Western Conference.
PHILADELPHIA (/P) — lowa
quarterback Randy Duncan, se
lected by the Green Bay Packers,
was lhe No. 1 choice in tho an
nual National Football League
draft Monday.

Duncan, 21, pinpoint passer and
field brain of the Rose bowl
bound Big Ten champion, was one
of 10 players chosen by the pros
from the perennially powerful
Western Conference.
PHILADELPHIA (/P) — lowa
quarterback Randy Duncan, se
lected by the Green Bay Packers,
was lhe No. 1 choice in tho an
nual National Football League
draft Monday.

Duncan, 21, pinpoint passer and
field brain of the Rose bowl
bound Big Ten champion, was one
of 10 players chosen by the pros
from the perennially powerful
Western Conference.
PHILADELPHIA (/P) — lowa
quarterback Randy Duncan, se
lected by the Green Bay Packers,
was lhe No. 1 choice in tho an
nual National Football League
draft Monday.

Duncan, 21, pinpoint passer and
field brain of the Rose bowl
bound Big Ten champion, was one
of 10 players chosen by the pros
from the perennially powerful
Western Conference.
PHILADELPHIA (/P) — lowa
quarterback Randy Duncan, se
lected by the Green Bay Packers,
was lhe No. 1 choice in tho an
nual National Football League
draft Monday.

Duncan, 21, pinpoint passer and
field brain of the Rose bowl
bound Big Ten champion, was one
of 10 players chosen by the pros
from the perennially powerful
Western Conference.
PHILADELPHIA (/P) — lowa
quarterback Randy Duncan, se
lected by the Green Bay Packers,
was lhe No. 1 choice in tho an
nual National Football League
draft Monday.

Duncan, 21, pinpoint passer and
field brain of the Rose bowl
bound Big Ten champion, was one
of 10 players chosen by the pros
from the perennially powerful
Western Conference.
PHILADELPHIA (/P) — lowa
quarterback Randy Duncan, se
lected by the Green Bay Packers,
was lhe No. 1 choice in tho an
nual National Football League
draft Monday.

Duncan, 21, pinpoint passer and
field brain of the Rose bowl
bound Big Ten champion, was one
of 10 players chosen by the pros
from the perennially powerful
Western Conference.
PHILADELPHIA (/P) — lowa
quarterback Randy Duncan, se
lected by the Green Bay Packers,
was lhe No. 1 choice in tho an
nual National Football League
draft Monday.

Duncan, 21, pinpoint passer and
field brain of the Rose bowl
bound Big Ten champion, was one
of 10 players chosen by the pros
from the perennially powerful
Western Conference.
PHILADELPHIA (/P) — lowa
quarterback Randy Duncan, se
lected by the Green Bay Packers,
was lhe No. 1 choice in tho an
nual National Football League
draft Monday.

Duncan, 21, pinpoint passer and
field brain of the Rose bowl
bound Big Ten champion, was one
of 10 players chosen by the pros
from the perennially powerful
Western Conference.
PHILADELPHIA (/P) — lowa
quarterback Randy Duncan, se
lected by the Green Bay Packers,
was lhe No. 1 choice in tho an
nual National Football League
draft Monday.

Duncan, 21, pinpoint passer and
field brain of the Rose bowl
bound Big Ten champion, was one
of 10 players chosen by the pros
from the perennially powerful
Western Conference.
PHILADELPHIA (/P) — lowa
quarterback Randy Duncan, se
lected by the Green Bay Packers,
was lhe No. 1 choice in tho an
nual National Football League
draft Monday.

Duncan, 21, pinpoint passer and
field brain of the Rose bowl
bound Big Ten champion, was one
of 10 players chosen by the pros
from the perennially powerful
Western Conference.
PHILADELPHIA (/P) — lowa
quarterback Randy Duncan, se
lected by the Green Bay Packers,
was lhe No. 1 choice in tho an
nual National Football League
draft Monday.

Duncan, 21, pinpoint passer and
field brain of the Rose bowl
bound Big Ten champion, was one
of 10 players chosen by the pros
from the perennially powerful
Western Conference.
PHILADELPHIA (/P) — lowa
quarterback Randy Duncan, se
lected by the Green Bay Packers,
was lhe No. 1 choice in tho an
nual National Football League
draft Monday.

Duncan, 21, pinpoint passer and
field brain of the Rose bowl
bound Big Ten champion, was one
of 10 players chosen by the pros
from the perennially powerful
Western Conference.
PHILADELPHIA (/P) — lowa
quarterback Randy Duncan, se
lected by the Green Bay Packers,
was lhe No. 1 choice in tho an
nual National Football League
draft Monday.

Duncan, 21, pinpoint passer and
field brain of the Rose bowl
bound Big Ten champion, was one
of 10 players chosen by the pros
from the perennially powerful
Western Conference.
