# British Prof Will Discuss World Affairs
## 
### 
"Recent Developments in Inter
national Affairs" will be discussed
by Geoffrey Barraclough, British
political scholar, tonight in Memo
rial Auditorium at 7:30, in the
closing program of the fall series
of Tuesday Evening Lectures.
Barraclough, successor to Prof.
Arnold Toynbee's chair of history
at London's Royal Institute of In
ternational Affairs, is a fellow of
Morton College, Oxford, and dur
ing the war served in the British
Foreign Office and the Royal Air
Force Reserve.
lie is ihe editor of "Studies in
Medieval History." a member of
the Austrian Institute of Histori
cal Research and vice president of
the British Historical Association.
He has written several books on
historical topics.
"Recent Developments in Inter
national Affairs" will be discussed
by Geoffrey Barraclough, British
political scholar, tonight in Memo
rial Auditorium at 7:30, in the
closing program of the fall series
of Tuesday Evening Lectures.
Barraclough, successor to Prof.
Arnold Toynbee's chair of history
at London's Royal Institute of In
ternational Affairs, is a fellow of
Morton College, Oxford, and dur
ing the war served in the British
Foreign Office and the Royal Air
Force Reserve.
lie is ihe editor of "Studies in
Medieval History." a member of
the Austrian Institute of Histori
cal Research and vice president of
the British Historical Association.
He has written several books on
historical topics.
"Recent Developments in Inter
national Affairs" will be discussed
by Geoffrey Barraclough, British
political scholar, tonight in Memo
rial Auditorium at 7:30, in the
closing program of the fall series
of Tuesday Evening Lectures.
Barraclough, successor to Prof.
Arnold Toynbee's chair of history
at London's Royal Institute of In
ternational Affairs, is a fellow of
Morton College, Oxford, and dur
ing the war served in the British
Foreign Office and the Royal Air
Force Reserve.
lie is ihe editor of "Studies in
Medieval History." a member of
the Austrian Institute of Histori
cal Research and vice president of
the British Historical Association.
He has written several books on
historical topics.
"Recent Developments in Inter
national Affairs" will be discussed
by Geoffrey Barraclough, British
political scholar, tonight in Memo
rial Auditorium at 7:30, in the
closing program of the fall series
of Tuesday Evening Lectures.
Barraclough, successor to Prof.
Arnold Toynbee's chair of history
at London's Royal Institute of In
ternational Affairs, is a fellow of
Morton College, Oxford, and dur
ing the war served in the British
Foreign Office and the Royal Air
Force Reserve.
lie is ihe editor of "Studies in
Medieval History." a member of
the Austrian Institute of Histori
cal Research and vice president of
the British Historical Association.
He has written several books on
historical topics.
"Recent Developments in Inter
national Affairs" will be discussed
by Geoffrey Barraclough, British
political scholar, tonight in Memo
rial Auditorium at 7:30, in the
closing program of the fall series
of Tuesday Evening Lectures.
Barraclough, successor to Prof.
Arnold Toynbee's chair of history
at London's Royal Institute of In
ternational Affairs, is a fellow of
Morton College, Oxford, and dur
ing the war served in the British
Foreign Office and the Royal Air
Force Reserve.
lie is ihe editor of "Studies in
Medieval History." a member of
the Austrian Institute of Histori
cal Research and vice president of
the British Historical Association.
He has written several books on
historical topics.
"Recent Developments in Inter
national Affairs" will be discussed
by Geoffrey Barraclough, British
political scholar, tonight in Memo
rial Auditorium at 7:30, in the
closing program of the fall series
of Tuesday Evening Lectures.
Barraclough, successor to Prof.
Arnold Toynbee's chair of history
at London's Royal Institute of In
ternational Affairs, is a fellow of
Morton College, Oxford, and dur
ing the war served in the British
Foreign Office and the Royal Air
Force Reserve.
lie is ihe editor of "Studies in
Medieval History." a member of
the Austrian Institute of Histori
cal Research and vice president of
the British Historical Association.
He has written several books on
historical topics.
"Recent Developments in Inter
national Affairs" will be discussed
by Geoffrey Barraclough, British
political scholar, tonight in Memo
rial Auditorium at 7:30, in the
closing program of the fall series
of Tuesday Evening Lectures.
Barraclough, successor to Prof.
Arnold Toynbee's chair of history
at London's Royal Institute of In
ternational Affairs, is a fellow of
Morton College, Oxford, and dur
ing the war served in the British
Foreign Office and the Royal Air
Force Reserve.
lie is ihe editor of "Studies in
Medieval History." a member of
the Austrian Institute of Histori
cal Research and vice president of
the British Historical Association.
He has written several books on
historical topics.
"Recent Developments in Inter
national Affairs" will be discussed
by Geoffrey Barraclough, British
political scholar, tonight in Memo
rial Auditorium at 7:30, in the
closing program of the fall series
of Tuesday Evening Lectures.
Barraclough, successor to Prof.
Arnold Toynbee's chair of history
at London's Royal Institute of In
ternational Affairs, is a fellow of
Morton College, Oxford, and dur
ing the war served in the British
Foreign Office and the Royal Air
Force Reserve.
lie is ihe editor of "Studies in
Medieval History." a member of
the Austrian Institute of Histori
cal Research and vice president of
the British Historical Association.
He has written several books on
historical topics.
"Recent Developments in Inter
national Affairs" will be discussed
by Geoffrey Barraclough, British
political scholar, tonight in Memo
rial Auditorium at 7:30, in the
closing program of the fall series
of Tuesday Evening Lectures.
Barraclough, successor to Prof.
Arnold Toynbee's chair of history
at London's Royal Institute of In
ternational Affairs, is a fellow of
Morton College, Oxford, and dur
ing the war served in the British
Foreign Office and the Royal Air
Force Reserve.
lie is ihe editor of "Studies in
Medieval History." a member of
the Austrian Institute of Histori
cal Research and vice president of
the British Historical Association.
He has written several books on
historical topics.
"Recent Developments in Inter
national Affairs" will be discussed
by Geoffrey Barraclough, British
political scholar, tonight in Memo
rial Auditorium at 7:30, in the
closing program of the fall series
of Tuesday Evening Lectures.
Barraclough, successor to Prof.
Arnold Toynbee's chair of history
at London's Royal Institute of In
ternational Affairs, is a fellow of
Morton College, Oxford, and dur
ing the war served in the British
Foreign Office and the Royal Air
Force Reserve.
lie is ihe editor of "Studies in
Medieval History." a member of
the Austrian Institute of Histori
cal Research and vice president of
the British Historical Association.
He has written several books on
historical topics.
"Recent Developments in Inter
national Affairs" will be discussed
by Geoffrey Barraclough, British
political scholar, tonight in Memo
rial Auditorium at 7:30, in the
closing program of the fall series
of Tuesday Evening Lectures.
Barraclough, successor to Prof.
Arnold Toynbee's chair of history
at London's Royal Institute of In
ternational Affairs, is a fellow of
Morton College, Oxford, and dur
ing the war served in the British
Foreign Office and the Royal Air
Force Reserve.
lie is ihe editor of "Studies in
Medieval History." a member of
the Austrian Institute of Histori
cal Research and vice president of
the British Historical Association.
He has written several books on
historical topics.
"Recent Developments in Inter
national Affairs" will be discussed
by Geoffrey Barraclough, British
political scholar, tonight in Memo
rial Auditorium at 7:30, in the
closing program of the fall series
of Tuesday Evening Lectures.
Barraclough, successor to Prof.
Arnold Toynbee's chair of history
at London's Royal Institute of In
ternational Affairs, is a fellow of
Morton College, Oxford, and dur
ing the war served in the British
Foreign Office and the Royal Air
Force Reserve.
lie is ihe editor of "Studies in
Medieval History." a member of
the Austrian Institute of Histori
cal Research and vice president of
the British Historical Association.
He has written several books on
historical topics.
"Recent Developments in Inter
national Affairs" will be discussed
by Geoffrey Barraclough, British
political scholar, tonight in Memo
rial Auditorium at 7:30, in the
closing program of the fall series
of Tuesday Evening Lectures.
Barraclough, successor to Prof.
Arnold Toynbee's chair of history
at London's Royal Institute of In
ternational Affairs, is a fellow of
Morton College, Oxford, and dur
ing the war served in the British
Foreign Office and the Royal Air
Force Reserve.
lie is ihe editor of "Studies in
Medieval History." a member of
the Austrian Institute of Histori
cal Research and vice president of
the British Historical Association.
He has written several books on
historical topics.
"Recent Developments in Inter
national Affairs" will be discussed
by Geoffrey Barraclough, British
political scholar, tonight in Memo
rial Auditorium at 7:30, in the
closing program of the fall series
of Tuesday Evening Lectures.
Barraclough, successor to Prof.
Arnold Toynbee's chair of history
at London's Royal Institute of In
ternational Affairs, is a fellow of
Morton College, Oxford, and dur
ing the war served in the British
Foreign Office and the Royal Air
Force Reserve.
lie is ihe editor of "Studies in
Medieval History." a member of
the Austrian Institute of Histori
cal Research and vice president of
the British Historical Association.
He has written several books on
historical topics.
"Recent Developments in Inter
national Affairs" will be discussed
by Geoffrey Barraclough, British
political scholar, tonight in Memo
rial Auditorium at 7:30, in the
closing program of the fall series
of Tuesday Evening Lectures.
Barraclough, successor to Prof.
Arnold Toynbee's chair of history
at London's Royal Institute of In
ternational Affairs, is a fellow of
Morton College, Oxford, and dur
ing the war served in the British
Foreign Office and the Royal Air
Force Reserve.
lie is ihe editor of "Studies in
Medieval History." a member of
the Austrian Institute of Histori
cal Research and vice president of
the British Historical Association.
He has written several books on
historical topics.
"Recent Developments in Inter
national Affairs" will be discussed
by Geoffrey Barraclough, British
political scholar, tonight in Memo
rial Auditorium at 7:30, in the
closing program of the fall series
of Tuesday Evening Lectures.
Barraclough, successor to Prof.
Arnold Toynbee's chair of history
at London's Royal Institute of In
ternational Affairs, is a fellow of
Morton College, Oxford, and dur
ing the war served in the British
Foreign Office and the Royal Air
Force Reserve.
lie is ihe editor of "Studies in
Medieval History." a member of
the Austrian Institute of Histori
cal Research and vice president of
the British Historical Association.
He has written several books on
historical topics.
"Recent Developments in Inter
national Affairs" will be discussed
by Geoffrey Barraclough, British
political scholar, tonight in Memo
rial Auditorium at 7:30, in the
closing program of the fall series
of Tuesday Evening Lectures.
Barraclough, successor to Prof.
Arnold Toynbee's chair of history
at London's Royal Institute of In
ternational Affairs, is a fellow of
Morton College, Oxford, and dur
ing the war served in the British
Foreign Office and the Royal Air
Force Reserve.
lie is ihe editor of "Studies in
Medieval History." a member of
the Austrian Institute of Histori
cal Research and vice president of
the British Historical Association.
He has written several books on
historical topics.
