# Christmastide Concerts
## 
### 
Carrying the tradition of Christmas music throughout the campus,
the University vocal groups launch the Yuletide season I)ec. 4
with the 22-voice chorale's Intermezzo appearance in tin* Bender
Room of the main library at 4 p.m. The 150-voiee chorus will give
a public concert in Dinkelspiel Auditorium at 4 p.m., Dec. 7. The
choir will take part in the service of carols at Memorial Church
Dec. 12, beginning at 8 p.m. The season closes with a chorale con
cert with Prof. 11. B. Nanney, University organist, in Memorial
Church Dec. 14.

Carrying the tradition of Christmas music throughout the campus,
the University vocal groups launch the Yuletide season I)ec. 4
with the 22-voice chorale's Intermezzo appearance in tin* Bender
Room of the main library at 4 p.m. The 150-voiee chorus will give
a public concert in Dinkelspiel Auditorium at 4 p.m., Dec. 7. The
choir will take part in the service of carols at Memorial Church
Dec. 12, beginning at 8 p.m. The season closes with a chorale con
cert with Prof. 11. B. Nanney, University organist, in Memorial
Church Dec. 14.

Carrying the tradition of Christmas music throughout the campus,
the University vocal groups launch the Yuletide season I)ec. 4
with the 22-voice chorale's Intermezzo appearance in tin* Bender
Room of the main library at 4 p.m. The 150-voiee chorus will give
a public concert in Dinkelspiel Auditorium at 4 p.m., Dec. 7. The
choir will take part in the service of carols at Memorial Church
Dec. 12, beginning at 8 p.m. The season closes with a chorale con
cert with Prof. 11. B. Nanney, University organist, in Memorial
Church Dec. 14.

Carrying the tradition of Christmas music throughout the campus,
the University vocal groups launch the Yuletide season I)ec. 4
with the 22-voice chorale's Intermezzo appearance in tin* Bender
Room of the main library at 4 p.m. The 150-voiee chorus will give
a public concert in Dinkelspiel Auditorium at 4 p.m., Dec. 7. The
choir will take part in the service of carols at Memorial Church
Dec. 12, beginning at 8 p.m. The season closes with a chorale con
cert with Prof. 11. B. Nanney, University organist, in Memorial
Church Dec. 14.

Carrying the tradition of Christmas music throughout the campus,
the University vocal groups launch the Yuletide season I)ec. 4
with the 22-voice chorale's Intermezzo appearance in tin* Bender
Room of the main library at 4 p.m. The 150-voiee chorus will give
a public concert in Dinkelspiel Auditorium at 4 p.m., Dec. 7. The
choir will take part in the service of carols at Memorial Church
Dec. 12, beginning at 8 p.m. The season closes with a chorale con
cert with Prof. 11. B. Nanney, University organist, in Memorial
Church Dec. 14.

Carrying the tradition of Christmas music throughout the campus,
the University vocal groups launch the Yuletide season I)ec. 4
with the 22-voice chorale's Intermezzo appearance in tin* Bender
Room of the main library at 4 p.m. The 150-voiee chorus will give
a public concert in Dinkelspiel Auditorium at 4 p.m., Dec. 7. The
choir will take part in the service of carols at Memorial Church
Dec. 12, beginning at 8 p.m. The season closes with a chorale con
cert with Prof. 11. B. Nanney, University organist, in Memorial
Church Dec. 14.

Carrying the tradition of Christmas music throughout the campus,
the University vocal groups launch the Yuletide season I)ec. 4
with the 22-voice chorale's Intermezzo appearance in tin* Bender
Room of the main library at 4 p.m. The 150-voiee chorus will give
a public concert in Dinkelspiel Auditorium at 4 p.m., Dec. 7. The
choir will take part in the service of carols at Memorial Church
Dec. 12, beginning at 8 p.m. The season closes with a chorale con
cert with Prof. 11. B. Nanney, University organist, in Memorial
Church Dec. 14.

Carrying the tradition of Christmas music throughout the campus,
the University vocal groups launch the Yuletide season I)ec. 4
with the 22-voice chorale's Intermezzo appearance in tin* Bender
Room of the main library at 4 p.m. The 150-voiee chorus will give
a public concert in Dinkelspiel Auditorium at 4 p.m., Dec. 7. The
choir will take part in the service of carols at Memorial Church
Dec. 12, beginning at 8 p.m. The season closes with a chorale con
cert with Prof. 11. B. Nanney, University organist, in Memorial
Church Dec. 14.

Carrying the tradition of Christmas music throughout the campus,
the University vocal groups launch the Yuletide season I)ec. 4
with the 22-voice chorale's Intermezzo appearance in tin* Bender
Room of the main library at 4 p.m. The 150-voiee chorus will give
a public concert in Dinkelspiel Auditorium at 4 p.m., Dec. 7. The
choir will take part in the service of carols at Memorial Church
Dec. 12, beginning at 8 p.m. The season closes with a chorale con
cert with Prof. 11. B. Nanney, University organist, in Memorial
Church Dec. 14.

Carrying the tradition of Christmas music throughout the campus,
the University vocal groups launch the Yuletide season I)ec. 4
with the 22-voice chorale's Intermezzo appearance in tin* Bender
Room of the main library at 4 p.m. The 150-voiee chorus will give
a public concert in Dinkelspiel Auditorium at 4 p.m., Dec. 7. The
choir will take part in the service of carols at Memorial Church
Dec. 12, beginning at 8 p.m. The season closes with a chorale con
cert with Prof. 11. B. Nanney, University organist, in Memorial
Church Dec. 14.

Carrying the tradition of Christmas music throughout the campus,
the University vocal groups launch the Yuletide season I)ec. 4
with the 22-voice chorale's Intermezzo appearance in tin* Bender
Room of the main library at 4 p.m. The 150-voiee chorus will give
a public concert in Dinkelspiel Auditorium at 4 p.m., Dec. 7. The
choir will take part in the service of carols at Memorial Church
Dec. 12, beginning at 8 p.m. The season closes with a chorale con
cert with Prof. 11. B. Nanney, University organist, in Memorial
Church Dec. 14.

Carrying the tradition of Christmas music throughout the campus,
the University vocal groups launch the Yuletide season I)ec. 4
with the 22-voice chorale's Intermezzo appearance in tin* Bender
Room of the main library at 4 p.m. The 150-voiee chorus will give
a public concert in Dinkelspiel Auditorium at 4 p.m., Dec. 7. The
choir will take part in the service of carols at Memorial Church
Dec. 12, beginning at 8 p.m. The season closes with a chorale con
cert with Prof. 11. B. Nanney, University organist, in Memorial
Church Dec. 14.

Carrying the tradition of Christmas music throughout the campus,
the University vocal groups launch the Yuletide season I)ec. 4
with the 22-voice chorale's Intermezzo appearance in tin* Bender
Room of the main library at 4 p.m. The 150-voiee chorus will give
a public concert in Dinkelspiel Auditorium at 4 p.m., Dec. 7. The
choir will take part in the service of carols at Memorial Church
Dec. 12, beginning at 8 p.m. The season closes with a chorale con
cert with Prof. 11. B. Nanney, University organist, in Memorial
Church Dec. 14.

Carrying the tradition of Christmas music throughout the campus,
the University vocal groups launch the Yuletide season I)ec. 4
with the 22-voice chorale's Intermezzo appearance in tin* Bender
Room of the main library at 4 p.m. The 150-voiee chorus will give
a public concert in Dinkelspiel Auditorium at 4 p.m., Dec. 7. The
choir will take part in the service of carols at Memorial Church
Dec. 12, beginning at 8 p.m. The season closes with a chorale con
cert with Prof. 11. B. Nanney, University organist, in Memorial
Church Dec. 14.

Carrying the tradition of Christmas music throughout the campus,
the University vocal groups launch the Yuletide season I)ec. 4
with the 22-voice chorale's Intermezzo appearance in tin* Bender
Room of the main library at 4 p.m. The 150-voiee chorus will give
a public concert in Dinkelspiel Auditorium at 4 p.m., Dec. 7. The
choir will take part in the service of carols at Memorial Church
Dec. 12, beginning at 8 p.m. The season closes with a chorale con
cert with Prof. 11. B. Nanney, University organist, in Memorial
Church Dec. 14.

Carrying the tradition of Christmas music throughout the campus,
the University vocal groups launch the Yuletide season I)ec. 4
with the 22-voice chorale's Intermezzo appearance in tin* Bender
Room of the main library at 4 p.m. The 150-voiee chorus will give
a public concert in Dinkelspiel Auditorium at 4 p.m., Dec. 7. The
choir will take part in the service of carols at Memorial Church
Dec. 12, beginning at 8 p.m. The season closes with a chorale con
cert with Prof. 11. B. Nanney, University organist, in Memorial
Church Dec. 14.

Carrying the tradition of Christmas music throughout the campus,
the University vocal groups launch the Yuletide season I)ec. 4
with the 22-voice chorale's Intermezzo appearance in tin* Bender
Room of the main library at 4 p.m. The 150-voiee chorus will give
a public concert in Dinkelspiel Auditorium at 4 p.m., Dec. 7. The
choir will take part in the service of carols at Memorial Church
Dec. 12, beginning at 8 p.m. The season closes with a chorale con
cert with Prof. 11. B. Nanney, University organist, in Memorial
Church Dec. 14.

