# Quad Photos
## 
### 
Quad pictures will be taken
today of sophomore and junior
fraternity and eating' club men.
This is the last week under
graduate pictures will be taken.
Those that have missed their
regular time may come in this
week.
Quad pictures will be taken
today of sophomore and junior
fraternity and eating' club men.
This is the last week under
graduate pictures will be taken.
Those that have missed their
regular time may come in this
week.
Quad pictures will be taken
today of sophomore and junior
fraternity and eating' club men.
This is the last week under
graduate pictures will be taken.
Those that have missed their
regular time may come in this
week.
Quad pictures will be taken
today of sophomore and junior
fraternity and eating' club men.
This is the last week under
graduate pictures will be taken.
Those that have missed their
regular time may come in this
week.
Quad pictures will be taken
today of sophomore and junior
fraternity and eating' club men.
This is the last week under
graduate pictures will be taken.
Those that have missed their
regular time may come in this
week.
Quad pictures will be taken
today of sophomore and junior
fraternity and eating' club men.
This is the last week under
graduate pictures will be taken.
Those that have missed their
regular time may come in this
week.
Quad pictures will be taken
today of sophomore and junior
fraternity and eating' club men.
This is the last week under
graduate pictures will be taken.
Those that have missed their
regular time may come in this
week.
Quad pictures will be taken
today of sophomore and junior
fraternity and eating' club men.
This is the last week under
graduate pictures will be taken.
Those that have missed their
regular time may come in this
week.
Quad pictures will be taken
today of sophomore and junior
fraternity and eating' club men.
This is the last week under
graduate pictures will be taken.
Those that have missed their
regular time may come in this
week.
Quad pictures will be taken
today of sophomore and junior
fraternity and eating' club men.
This is the last week under
graduate pictures will be taken.
Those that have missed their
regular time may come in this
week.
Quad pictures will be taken
today of sophomore and junior
fraternity and eating' club men.
This is the last week under
graduate pictures will be taken.
Those that have missed their
regular time may come in this
week.
Quad pictures will be taken
today of sophomore and junior
fraternity and eating' club men.
This is the last week under
graduate pictures will be taken.
Those that have missed their
regular time may come in this
week.
Quad pictures will be taken
today of sophomore and junior
fraternity and eating' club men.
This is the last week under
graduate pictures will be taken.
Those that have missed their
regular time may come in this
week.
Quad pictures will be taken
today of sophomore and junior
fraternity and eating' club men.
This is the last week under
graduate pictures will be taken.
Those that have missed their
regular time may come in this
week.
Quad pictures will be taken
today of sophomore and junior
fraternity and eating' club men.
This is the last week under
graduate pictures will be taken.
Those that have missed their
regular time may come in this
week.
Quad pictures will be taken
today of sophomore and junior
fraternity and eating' club men.
This is the last week under
graduate pictures will be taken.
Those that have missed their
regular time may come in this
week.
Quad pictures will be taken
today of sophomore and junior
fraternity and eating' club men.
This is the last week under
graduate pictures will be taken.
Those that have missed their
regular time may come in this
week.
