# Cool Approach To Trouble
## 
### 
American ambassadors, diplomat
ic staffs, even visiting professors,
may be asked to leave a foreign
country, but the Peace Corps Volun
teer remains.
To date, no country has ever of
ficially requested that Volunteers
in that country leave. The official
Peace Corps policy is to "play it
cool" and not evacuate Volunteers
at the slightest political tremor.
Each situation is evaluated indi
vidually.
Volunteers have been present in
countries where there have been po
litical disturbances and anti-Ameri
can feelings, such as in Panama,
Turkey, Ghana, the Dominican He
public and others. Volunteers have
remained during these crises and
coup d'etats, with some interesting
results.
Some villagers in Turkey held an
anti-American demonstration one
day. As they later congratulated
themselves on the success of their
venture, it occurred to someone that
they might have offended the Peace
Corps Volunteer staying in the vil
lage.
To prevent hard feelings, the
villagers then walked to the Volun
teer's home and staged a pro-Peace
Corps demonstration.
The fact that foreign countries
and people make a distinction be
tween the Peace Corps and official
American foreign policy has been
and continues to be an interesting
side-note of the Peace Corps opera
tion.
When there is a political dis
turbance in a country, the decision
about removal of the Volunteers is
up to the Peace Corps director in
that country.
The philosophy behind the Peace
Corps policy is that if Volunteers
were evacuated every time there
was a disturbance, they would be
receiving preferential treatment in
the community.
American ambassadors, diplomat
ic staffs, even visiting professors,
may be asked to leave a foreign
country, but the Peace Corps Volun
teer remains.
To date, no country has ever of
ficially requested that Volunteers
in that country leave. The official
Peace Corps policy is to "play it
cool" and not evacuate Volunteers
at the slightest political tremor.
Each situation is evaluated indi
vidually.
Volunteers have been present in
countries where there have been po
litical disturbances and anti-Ameri
can feelings, such as in Panama,
Turkey, Ghana, the Dominican He
public and others. Volunteers have
remained during these crises and
coup d'etats, with some interesting
results.
Some villagers in Turkey held an
anti-American demonstration one
day. As they later congratulated
themselves on the success of their
venture, it occurred to someone that
they might have offended the Peace
Corps Volunteer staying in the vil
lage.
To prevent hard feelings, the
villagers then walked to the Volun
teer's home and staged a pro-Peace
Corps demonstration.
The fact that foreign countries
and people make a distinction be
tween the Peace Corps and official
American foreign policy has been
and continues to be an interesting
side-note of the Peace Corps opera
tion.
When there is a political dis
turbance in a country, the decision
about removal of the Volunteers is
up to the Peace Corps director in
that country.
The philosophy behind the Peace
Corps policy is that if Volunteers
were evacuated every time there
was a disturbance, they would be
receiving preferential treatment in
the community.
American ambassadors, diplomat
ic staffs, even visiting professors,
may be asked to leave a foreign
country, but the Peace Corps Volun
teer remains.
To date, no country has ever of
ficially requested that Volunteers
in that country leave. The official
Peace Corps policy is to "play it
cool" and not evacuate Volunteers
at the slightest political tremor.
Each situation is evaluated indi
vidually.
Volunteers have been present in
countries where there have been po
litical disturbances and anti-Ameri
can feelings, such as in Panama,
Turkey, Ghana, the Dominican He
public and others. Volunteers have
remained during these crises and
coup d'etats, with some interesting
results.
Some villagers in Turkey held an
anti-American demonstration one
day. As they later congratulated
themselves on the success of their
venture, it occurred to someone that
they might have offended the Peace
Corps Volunteer staying in the vil
lage.
To prevent hard feelings, the
villagers then walked to the Volun
teer's home and staged a pro-Peace
Corps demonstration.
The fact that foreign countries
and people make a distinction be
tween the Peace Corps and official
American foreign policy has been
and continues to be an interesting
side-note of the Peace Corps opera
tion.
When there is a political dis
turbance in a country, the decision
about removal of the Volunteers is
up to the Peace Corps director in
that country.
The philosophy behind the Peace
Corps policy is that if Volunteers
were evacuated every time there
was a disturbance, they would be
receiving preferential treatment in
the community.
American ambassadors, diplomat
ic staffs, even visiting professors,
may be asked to leave a foreign
country, but the Peace Corps Volun
teer remains.
To date, no country has ever of
ficially requested that Volunteers
in that country leave. The official
Peace Corps policy is to "play it
cool" and not evacuate Volunteers
at the slightest political tremor.
Each situation is evaluated indi
vidually.
Volunteers have been present in
countries where there have been po
litical disturbances and anti-Ameri
can feelings, such as in Panama,
Turkey, Ghana, the Dominican He
public and others. Volunteers have
remained during these crises and
coup d'etats, with some interesting
results.
Some villagers in Turkey held an
anti-American demonstration one
day. As they later congratulated
themselves on the success of their
venture, it occurred to someone that
they might have offended the Peace
Corps Volunteer staying in the vil
lage.
To prevent hard feelings, the
villagers then walked to the Volun
teer's home and staged a pro-Peace
Corps demonstration.
The fact that foreign countries
and people make a distinction be
tween the Peace Corps and official
American foreign policy has been
and continues to be an interesting
side-note of the Peace Corps opera
tion.
When there is a political dis
turbance in a country, the decision
about removal of the Volunteers is
up to the Peace Corps director in
that country.
The philosophy behind the Peace
Corps policy is that if Volunteers
were evacuated every time there
was a disturbance, they would be
receiving preferential treatment in
the community.
American ambassadors, diplomat
ic staffs, even visiting professors,
may be asked to leave a foreign
country, but the Peace Corps Volun
teer remains.
To date, no country has ever of
ficially requested that Volunteers
in that country leave. The official
Peace Corps policy is to "play it
cool" and not evacuate Volunteers
at the slightest political tremor.
Each situation is evaluated indi
vidually.
Volunteers have been present in
countries where there have been po
litical disturbances and anti-Ameri
can feelings, such as in Panama,
Turkey, Ghana, the Dominican He
public and others. Volunteers have
remained during these crises and
coup d'etats, with some interesting
results.
Some villagers in Turkey held an
anti-American demonstration one
day. As they later congratulated
themselves on the success of their
venture, it occurred to someone that
they might have offended the Peace
Corps Volunteer staying in the vil
lage.
To prevent hard feelings, the
villagers then walked to the Volun
teer's home and staged a pro-Peace
Corps demonstration.
The fact that foreign countries
and people make a distinction be
tween the Peace Corps and official
American foreign policy has been
and continues to be an interesting
side-note of the Peace Corps opera
tion.
When there is a political dis
turbance in a country, the decision
about removal of the Volunteers is
up to the Peace Corps director in
that country.
The philosophy behind the Peace
Corps policy is that if Volunteers
were evacuated every time there
was a disturbance, they would be
receiving preferential treatment in
the community.
American ambassadors, diplomat
ic staffs, even visiting professors,
may be asked to leave a foreign
country, but the Peace Corps Volun
teer remains.
To date, no country has ever of
ficially requested that Volunteers
in that country leave. The official
Peace Corps policy is to "play it
cool" and not evacuate Volunteers
at the slightest political tremor.
Each situation is evaluated indi
vidually.
Volunteers have been present in
countries where there have been po
litical disturbances and anti-Ameri
can feelings, such as in Panama,
Turkey, Ghana, the Dominican He
public and others. Volunteers have
remained during these crises and
coup d'etats, with some interesting
results.
Some villagers in Turkey held an
anti-American demonstration one
day. As they later congratulated
themselves on the success of their
venture, it occurred to someone that
they might have offended the Peace
Corps Volunteer staying in the vil
lage.
To prevent hard feelings, the
villagers then walked to the Volun
teer's home and staged a pro-Peace
Corps demonstration.
The fact that foreign countries
and people make a distinction be
tween the Peace Corps and official
American foreign policy has been
and continues to be an interesting
side-note of the Peace Corps opera
tion.
When there is a political dis
turbance in a country, the decision
about removal of the Volunteers is
up to the Peace Corps director in
that country.
The philosophy behind the Peace
Corps policy is that if Volunteers
were evacuated every time there
was a disturbance, they would be
receiving preferential treatment in
the community.
American ambassadors, diplomat
ic staffs, even visiting professors,
may be asked to leave a foreign
country, but the Peace Corps Volun
teer remains.
To date, no country has ever of
ficially requested that Volunteers
in that country leave. The official
Peace Corps policy is to "play it
cool" and not evacuate Volunteers
at the slightest political tremor.
Each situation is evaluated indi
vidually.
Volunteers have been present in
countries where there have been po
litical disturbances and anti-Ameri
can feelings, such as in Panama,
Turkey, Ghana, the Dominican He
public and others. Volunteers have
remained during these crises and
coup d'etats, with some interesting
results.
Some villagers in Turkey held an
anti-American demonstration one
day. As they later congratulated
themselves on the success of their
venture, it occurred to someone that
they might have offended the Peace
Corps Volunteer staying in the vil
lage.
To prevent hard feelings, the
villagers then walked to the Volun
teer's home and staged a pro-Peace
Corps demonstration.
The fact that foreign countries
and people make a distinction be
tween the Peace Corps and official
American foreign policy has been
and continues to be an interesting
side-note of the Peace Corps opera
tion.
When there is a political dis
turbance in a country, the decision
about removal of the Volunteers is
up to the Peace Corps director in
that country.
The philosophy behind the Peace
Corps policy is that if Volunteers
were evacuated every time there
was a disturbance, they would be
receiving preferential treatment in
the community.
American ambassadors, diplomat
ic staffs, even visiting professors,
may be asked to leave a foreign
country, but the Peace Corps Volun
teer remains.
To date, no country has ever of
ficially requested that Volunteers
in that country leave. The official
Peace Corps policy is to "play it
cool" and not evacuate Volunteers
at the slightest political tremor.
Each situation is evaluated indi
vidually.
Volunteers have been present in
countries where there have been po
litical disturbances and anti-Ameri
can feelings, such as in Panama,
Turkey, Ghana, the Dominican He
public and others. Volunteers have
remained during these crises and
coup d'etats, with some interesting
results.
Some villagers in Turkey held an
anti-American demonstration one
day. As they later congratulated
themselves on the success of their
venture, it occurred to someone that
they might have offended the Peace
Corps Volunteer staying in the vil
lage.
To prevent hard feelings, the
villagers then walked to the Volun
teer's home and staged a pro-Peace
Corps demonstration.
The fact that foreign countries
and people make a distinction be
tween the Peace Corps and official
American foreign policy has been
and continues to be an interesting
side-note of the Peace Corps opera
tion.
When there is a political dis
turbance in a country, the decision
about removal of the Volunteers is
up to the Peace Corps director in
that country.
The philosophy behind the Peace
Corps policy is that if Volunteers
were evacuated every time there
was a disturbance, they would be
receiving preferential treatment in
the community.
American ambassadors, diplomat
ic staffs, even visiting professors,
may be asked to leave a foreign
country, but the Peace Corps Volun
teer remains.
To date, no country has ever of
ficially requested that Volunteers
in that country leave. The official
Peace Corps policy is to "play it
cool" and not evacuate Volunteers
at the slightest political tremor.
Each situation is evaluated indi
vidually.
Volunteers have been present in
countries where there have been po
litical disturbances and anti-Ameri
can feelings, such as in Panama,
Turkey, Ghana, the Dominican He
public and others. Volunteers have
remained during these crises and
coup d'etats, with some interesting
results.
Some villagers in Turkey held an
anti-American demonstration one
day. As they later congratulated
themselves on the success of their
venture, it occurred to someone that
they might have offended the Peace
Corps Volunteer staying in the vil
lage.
To prevent hard feelings, the
villagers then walked to the Volun
teer's home and staged a pro-Peace
Corps demonstration.
The fact that foreign countries
and people make a distinction be
tween the Peace Corps and official
American foreign policy has been
and continues to be an interesting
side-note of the Peace Corps opera
tion.
When there is a political dis
turbance in a country, the decision
about removal of the Volunteers is
up to the Peace Corps director in
that country.
The philosophy behind the Peace
Corps policy is that if Volunteers
were evacuated every time there
was a disturbance, they would be
receiving preferential treatment in
the community.
American ambassadors, diplomat
ic staffs, even visiting professors,
may be asked to leave a foreign
country, but the Peace Corps Volun
teer remains.
To date, no country has ever of
ficially requested that Volunteers
in that country leave. The official
Peace Corps policy is to "play it
cool" and not evacuate Volunteers
at the slightest political tremor.
Each situation is evaluated indi
vidually.
Volunteers have been present in
countries where there have been po
litical disturbances and anti-Ameri
can feelings, such as in Panama,
Turkey, Ghana, the Dominican He
public and others. Volunteers have
remained during these crises and
coup d'etats, with some interesting
results.
Some villagers in Turkey held an
anti-American demonstration one
day. As they later congratulated
themselves on the success of their
venture, it occurred to someone that
they might have offended the Peace
Corps Volunteer staying in the vil
lage.
To prevent hard feelings, the
villagers then walked to the Volun
teer's home and staged a pro-Peace
Corps demonstration.
The fact that foreign countries
and people make a distinction be
tween the Peace Corps and official
American foreign policy has been
and continues to be an interesting
side-note of the Peace Corps opera
tion.
When there is a political dis
turbance in a country, the decision
about removal of the Volunteers is
up to the Peace Corps director in
that country.
The philosophy behind the Peace
Corps policy is that if Volunteers
were evacuated every time there
was a disturbance, they would be
receiving preferential treatment in
the community.
American ambassadors, diplomat
ic staffs, even visiting professors,
may be asked to leave a foreign
country, but the Peace Corps Volun
teer remains.
To date, no country has ever of
ficially requested that Volunteers
in that country leave. The official
Peace Corps policy is to "play it
cool" and not evacuate Volunteers
at the slightest political tremor.
Each situation is evaluated indi
vidually.
Volunteers have been present in
countries where there have been po
litical disturbances and anti-Ameri
can feelings, such as in Panama,
Turkey, Ghana, the Dominican He
public and others. Volunteers have
remained during these crises and
coup d'etats, with some interesting
results.
Some villagers in Turkey held an
anti-American demonstration one
day. As they later congratulated
themselves on the success of their
venture, it occurred to someone that
they might have offended the Peace
Corps Volunteer staying in the vil
lage.
To prevent hard feelings, the
villagers then walked to the Volun
teer's home and staged a pro-Peace
Corps demonstration.
The fact that foreign countries
and people make a distinction be
tween the Peace Corps and official
American foreign policy has been
and continues to be an interesting
side-note of the Peace Corps opera
tion.
When there is a political dis
turbance in a country, the decision
about removal of the Volunteers is
up to the Peace Corps director in
that country.
The philosophy behind the Peace
Corps policy is that if Volunteers
were evacuated every time there
was a disturbance, they would be
receiving preferential treatment in
the community.
American ambassadors, diplomat
ic staffs, even visiting professors,
may be asked to leave a foreign
country, but the Peace Corps Volun
teer remains.
To date, no country has ever of
ficially requested that Volunteers
in that country leave. The official
Peace Corps policy is to "play it
cool" and not evacuate Volunteers
at the slightest political tremor.
Each situation is evaluated indi
vidually.
Volunteers have been present in
countries where there have been po
litical disturbances and anti-Ameri
can feelings, such as in Panama,
Turkey, Ghana, the Dominican He
public and others. Volunteers have
remained during these crises and
coup d'etats, with some interesting
results.
Some villagers in Turkey held an
anti-American demonstration one
day. As they later congratulated
themselves on the success of their
venture, it occurred to someone that
they might have offended the Peace
Corps Volunteer staying in the vil
lage.
To prevent hard feelings, the
villagers then walked to the Volun
teer's home and staged a pro-Peace
Corps demonstration.
The fact that foreign countries
and people make a distinction be
tween the Peace Corps and official
American foreign policy has been
and continues to be an interesting
side-note of the Peace Corps opera
tion.
When there is a political dis
turbance in a country, the decision
about removal of the Volunteers is
up to the Peace Corps director in
that country.
The philosophy behind the Peace
Corps policy is that if Volunteers
were evacuated every time there
was a disturbance, they would be
receiving preferential treatment in
the community.
American ambassadors, diplomat
ic staffs, even visiting professors,
may be asked to leave a foreign
country, but the Peace Corps Volun
teer remains.
To date, no country has ever of
ficially requested that Volunteers
in that country leave. The official
Peace Corps policy is to "play it
cool" and not evacuate Volunteers
at the slightest political tremor.
Each situation is evaluated indi
vidually.
Volunteers have been present in
countries where there have been po
litical disturbances and anti-Ameri
can feelings, such as in Panama,
Turkey, Ghana, the Dominican He
public and others. Volunteers have
remained during these crises and
coup d'etats, with some interesting
results.
Some villagers in Turkey held an
anti-American demonstration one
day. As they later congratulated
themselves on the success of their
venture, it occurred to someone that
they might have offended the Peace
Corps Volunteer staying in the vil
lage.
To prevent hard feelings, the
villagers then walked to the Volun
teer's home and staged a pro-Peace
Corps demonstration.
The fact that foreign countries
and people make a distinction be
tween the Peace Corps and official
American foreign policy has been
and continues to be an interesting
side-note of the Peace Corps opera
tion.
When there is a political dis
turbance in a country, the decision
about removal of the Volunteers is
up to the Peace Corps director in
that country.
The philosophy behind the Peace
Corps policy is that if Volunteers
were evacuated every time there
was a disturbance, they would be
receiving preferential treatment in
the community.
American ambassadors, diplomat
ic staffs, even visiting professors,
may be asked to leave a foreign
country, but the Peace Corps Volun
teer remains.
To date, no country has ever of
ficially requested that Volunteers
in that country leave. The official
Peace Corps policy is to "play it
cool" and not evacuate Volunteers
at the slightest political tremor.
Each situation is evaluated indi
vidually.
Volunteers have been present in
countries where there have been po
litical disturbances and anti-Ameri
can feelings, such as in Panama,
Turkey, Ghana, the Dominican He
public and others. Volunteers have
remained during these crises and
coup d'etats, with some interesting
results.
Some villagers in Turkey held an
anti-American demonstration one
day. As they later congratulated
themselves on the success of their
venture, it occurred to someone that
they might have offended the Peace
Corps Volunteer staying in the vil
lage.
To prevent hard feelings, the
villagers then walked to the Volun
teer's home and staged a pro-Peace
Corps demonstration.
The fact that foreign countries
and people make a distinction be
tween the Peace Corps and official
American foreign policy has been
and continues to be an interesting
side-note of the Peace Corps opera
tion.
When there is a political dis
turbance in a country, the decision
about removal of the Volunteers is
up to the Peace Corps director in
that country.
The philosophy behind the Peace
Corps policy is that if Volunteers
were evacuated every time there
was a disturbance, they would be
receiving preferential treatment in
the community.
American ambassadors, diplomat
ic staffs, even visiting professors,
may be asked to leave a foreign
country, but the Peace Corps Volun
teer remains.
To date, no country has ever of
ficially requested that Volunteers
in that country leave. The official
Peace Corps policy is to "play it
cool" and not evacuate Volunteers
at the slightest political tremor.
Each situation is evaluated indi
vidually.
Volunteers have been present in
countries where there have been po
litical disturbances and anti-Ameri
can feelings, such as in Panama,
Turkey, Ghana, the Dominican He
public and others. Volunteers have
remained during these crises and
coup d'etats, with some interesting
results.
Some villagers in Turkey held an
anti-American demonstration one
day. As they later congratulated
themselves on the success of their
venture, it occurred to someone that
they might have offended the Peace
Corps Volunteer staying in the vil
lage.
To prevent hard feelings, the
villagers then walked to the Volun
teer's home and staged a pro-Peace
Corps demonstration.
The fact that foreign countries
and people make a distinction be
tween the Peace Corps and official
American foreign policy has been
and continues to be an interesting
side-note of the Peace Corps opera
tion.
When there is a political dis
turbance in a country, the decision
about removal of the Volunteers is
up to the Peace Corps director in
that country.
The philosophy behind the Peace
Corps policy is that if Volunteers
were evacuated every time there
was a disturbance, they would be
receiving preferential treatment in
the community.
