# FROSH ELECTED TO W.A.A.
## 
### 
After an interview of all tryout
ees, the W.A.A. Board elected Janet
Hotchkiss of Roble to the position
of freshman representative on the
board.
After an interview of all tryout
ees, the W.A.A. Board elected Janet
Hotchkiss of Roble to the position
of freshman representative on the
board.
After an interview of all tryout
ees, the W.A.A. Board elected Janet
Hotchkiss of Roble to the position
of freshman representative on the
board.
After an interview of all tryout
ees, the W.A.A. Board elected Janet
Hotchkiss of Roble to the position
of freshman representative on the
board.
After an interview of all tryout
ees, the W.A.A. Board elected Janet
Hotchkiss of Roble to the position
of freshman representative on the
board.
After an interview of all tryout
ees, the W.A.A. Board elected Janet
Hotchkiss of Roble to the position
of freshman representative on the
board.
After an interview of all tryout
ees, the W.A.A. Board elected Janet
Hotchkiss of Roble to the position
of freshman representative on the
board.
After an interview of all tryout
ees, the W.A.A. Board elected Janet
Hotchkiss of Roble to the position
of freshman representative on the
board.
After an interview of all tryout
ees, the W.A.A. Board elected Janet
Hotchkiss of Roble to the position
of freshman representative on the
board.
After an interview of all tryout
ees, the W.A.A. Board elected Janet
Hotchkiss of Roble to the position
of freshman representative on the
board.
After an interview of all tryout
ees, the W.A.A. Board elected Janet
Hotchkiss of Roble to the position
of freshman representative on the
board.
After an interview of all tryout
ees, the W.A.A. Board elected Janet
Hotchkiss of Roble to the position
of freshman representative on the
board.
After an interview of all tryout
ees, the W.A.A. Board elected Janet
Hotchkiss of Roble to the position
of freshman representative on the
board.
After an interview of all tryout
ees, the W.A.A. Board elected Janet
Hotchkiss of Roble to the position
of freshman representative on the
board.
After an interview of all tryout
ees, the W.A.A. Board elected Janet
Hotchkiss of Roble to the position
of freshman representative on the
board.
