# Adv. 24 Page 9
## 
### 
CHILDCARE
NEED Caregiver for 2 boys 6&9 wk
days 2-6pm; stfd student/spouse
ok, must own car, 650.559.8888
Sitter needed for some Thursday
and Saturday evenings. Two very
nice girls, 11 and 8. $ 10/ hr.
Call Terry at 650-233-8882 or
email: terrv@iudostrateqy.com
COMPUTERS
Low cost comps, repairs, graphic
design. Jonathan 650-329-9074
DONORS WANTED
Egg Donor Needed!!!
We are a loving, professional
couple seeking a caring African
American woman to serve as an
egg donor and complete our dream
fora family. The donor will be
well compensated and we are
grateful for your inquiry.
For further information please
contact our agency to ensure
anonymity for all parties.
866-Law-4Fam
Study participants wanted:
Boston University doctoral
candidate wishes to interview
women who have participated in
egg donation. If interested,
contact BU Researcher@aol.com.
CHILDCARE
NEED Caregiver for 2 boys 6&9 wk
days 2-6pm; stfd student/spouse
ok, must own car, 650.559.8888
Sitter needed for some Thursday
and Saturday evenings. Two very
nice girls, 11 and 8. $ 10/ hr.
Call Terry at 650-233-8882 or
email: terrv@iudostrateqy.com
COMPUTERS
Low cost comps, repairs, graphic
design. Jonathan 650-329-9074
DONORS WANTED
Egg Donor Needed!!!
We are a loving, professional
couple seeking a caring African
American woman to serve as an
egg donor and complete our dream
fora family. The donor will be
well compensated and we are
grateful for your inquiry.
For further information please
contact our agency to ensure
anonymity for all parties.
866-Law-4Fam
Study participants wanted:
Boston University doctoral
candidate wishes to interview
women who have participated in
egg donation. If interested,
contact BU Researcher@aol.com.
CHILDCARE
NEED Caregiver for 2 boys 6&9 wk
days 2-6pm; stfd student/spouse
ok, must own car, 650.559.8888
Sitter needed for some Thursday
and Saturday evenings. Two very
nice girls, 11 and 8. $ 10/ hr.
Call Terry at 650-233-8882 or
email: terrv@iudostrateqy.com
COMPUTERS
Low cost comps, repairs, graphic
design. Jonathan 650-329-9074
DONORS WANTED
Egg Donor Needed!!!
We are a loving, professional
couple seeking a caring African
American woman to serve as an
egg donor and complete our dream
fora family. The donor will be
well compensated and we are
grateful for your inquiry.
For further information please
contact our agency to ensure
anonymity for all parties.
866-Law-4Fam
Study participants wanted:
Boston University doctoral
candidate wishes to interview
women who have participated in
egg donation. If interested,
contact BU Researcher@aol.com.
CHILDCARE
NEED Caregiver for 2 boys 6&9 wk
days 2-6pm; stfd student/spouse
ok, must own car, 650.559.8888
Sitter needed for some Thursday
and Saturday evenings. Two very
nice girls, 11 and 8. $ 10/ hr.
Call Terry at 650-233-8882 or
email: terrv@iudostrateqy.com
COMPUTERS
Low cost comps, repairs, graphic
design. Jonathan 650-329-9074
DONORS WANTED
Egg Donor Needed!!!
We are a loving, professional
couple seeking a caring African
American woman to serve as an
egg donor and complete our dream
fora family. The donor will be
well compensated and we are
grateful for your inquiry.
For further information please
contact our agency to ensure
anonymity for all parties.
866-Law-4Fam
Study participants wanted:
Boston University doctoral
candidate wishes to interview
women who have participated in
egg donation. If interested,
contact BU Researcher@aol.com.
CHILDCARE
NEED Caregiver for 2 boys 6&9 wk
days 2-6pm; stfd student/spouse
ok, must own car, 650.559.8888
Sitter needed for some Thursday
and Saturday evenings. Two very
nice girls, 11 and 8. $ 10/ hr.
Call Terry at 650-233-8882 or
email: terrv@iudostrateqy.com
COMPUTERS
Low cost comps, repairs, graphic
design. Jonathan 650-329-9074
DONORS WANTED
Egg Donor Needed!!!
We are a loving, professional
couple seeking a caring African
American woman to serve as an
egg donor and complete our dream
fora family. The donor will be
well compensated and we are
grateful for your inquiry.
For further information please
contact our agency to ensure
anonymity for all parties.
866-Law-4Fam
Study participants wanted:
Boston University doctoral
candidate wishes to interview
women who have participated in
egg donation. If interested,
contact BU Researcher@aol.com.
CHILDCARE
NEED Caregiver for 2 boys 6&9 wk
days 2-6pm; stfd student/spouse
ok, must own car, 650.559.8888
Sitter needed for some Thursday
and Saturday evenings. Two very
nice girls, 11 and 8. $ 10/ hr.
Call Terry at 650-233-8882 or
email: terrv@iudostrateqy.com
COMPUTERS
Low cost comps, repairs, graphic
design. Jonathan 650-329-9074
DONORS WANTED
Egg Donor Needed!!!
We are a loving, professional
couple seeking a caring African
American woman to serve as an
egg donor and complete our dream
fora family. The donor will be
well compensated and we are
grateful for your inquiry.
For further information please
contact our agency to ensure
anonymity for all parties.
866-Law-4Fam
Study participants wanted:
Boston University doctoral
candidate wishes to interview
women who have participated in
egg donation. If interested,
contact BU Researcher@aol.com.
CHILDCARE
NEED Caregiver for 2 boys 6&9 wk
days 2-6pm; stfd student/spouse
ok, must own car, 650.559.8888
Sitter needed for some Thursday
and Saturday evenings. Two very
nice girls, 11 and 8. $ 10/ hr.
Call Terry at 650-233-8882 or
email: terrv@iudostrateqy.com
COMPUTERS
Low cost comps, repairs, graphic
design. Jonathan 650-329-9074
DONORS WANTED
Egg Donor Needed!!!
We are a loving, professional
couple seeking a caring African
American woman to serve as an
egg donor and complete our dream
fora family. The donor will be
well compensated and we are
grateful for your inquiry.
For further information please
contact our agency to ensure
anonymity for all parties.
866-Law-4Fam
Study participants wanted:
Boston University doctoral
candidate wishes to interview
women who have participated in
egg donation. If interested,
contact BU Researcher@aol.com.
CHILDCARE
NEED Caregiver for 2 boys 6&9 wk
days 2-6pm; stfd student/spouse
ok, must own car, 650.559.8888
Sitter needed for some Thursday
and Saturday evenings. Two very
nice girls, 11 and 8. $ 10/ hr.
Call Terry at 650-233-8882 or
email: terrv@iudostrateqy.com
COMPUTERS
Low cost comps, repairs, graphic
design. Jonathan 650-329-9074
DONORS WANTED
Egg Donor Needed!!!
We are a loving, professional
couple seeking a caring African
American woman to serve as an
egg donor and complete our dream
fora family. The donor will be
well compensated and we are
grateful for your inquiry.
For further information please
contact our agency to ensure
anonymity for all parties.
866-Law-4Fam
Study participants wanted:
Boston University doctoral
candidate wishes to interview
women who have participated in
egg donation. If interested,
contact BU Researcher@aol.com.
