# Adv. 39 Page 9
## 
### 
TUTORING
Tutor Wanted
Probability/Game Theory tutor
wanted. Will pay market rate.
Can be flexible on times.
Tutors Wntd, ALL ACADEMICS,
esp Sci/math PT Flex. $20 to
35/ hr. Jean anytime 941-4350,
493-5512
WANTED
Don't be so quiet! Are you
looking fora place to
publish articles on politics,
nonviolence theory, and human
rights? Fellowship Magazine, the
oldest peace and interfaith
journal in the USA, is looking
for persuasive articles,
personal essays, spiritual
journeys, and artwork. We
welcome submissions that
advocate peace and nonviolence
as a means of social change.
This is a great way to get
published. Send in submissions
today to Fellowship Magazine,
Box 271, Nyack, NY, 10960 or
KI-ft'] 1* I
Write for
The Daily.
