# Weather
## 
### 
CRAVING THE BUZZ
rlook at the most widely
consumed drug on the
Stanford campus.
NEWS/2

HARD HITTERS
The No. 1 Stanford women's
volleyball team takes its
show to Washington.
SPORTS/7

Today: Mostly Sunny
High ' 67
Low 42
Tomorrow:
Partly Cloudy



CRAVING THE BUZZ
rlook at the most widely
consumed drug on the
Stanford campus.
NEWS/2

HARD HITTERS
The No. 1 Stanford women's
volleyball team takes its
show to Washington.
SPORTS/7

Today: Mostly Sunny
High ' 67
Low 42
Tomorrow:
Partly Cloudy



CRAVING THE BUZZ
rlook at the most widely
consumed drug on the
Stanford campus.
NEWS/2

HARD HITTERS
The No. 1 Stanford women's
volleyball team takes its
show to Washington.
SPORTS/7

Today: Mostly Sunny
High ' 67
Low 42
Tomorrow:
Partly Cloudy



CRAVING THE BUZZ
rlook at the most widely
consumed drug on the
Stanford campus.
NEWS/2

HARD HITTERS
The No. 1 Stanford women's
volleyball team takes its
show to Washington.
SPORTS/7

Today: Mostly Sunny
High ' 67
Low 42
Tomorrow:
Partly Cloudy



CRAVING THE BUZZ
rlook at the most widely
consumed drug on the
Stanford campus.
NEWS/2

HARD HITTERS
The No. 1 Stanford women's
volleyball team takes its
show to Washington.
SPORTS/7

Today: Mostly Sunny
High ' 67
Low 42
Tomorrow:
Partly Cloudy



CRAVING THE BUZZ
rlook at the most widely
consumed drug on the
Stanford campus.
NEWS/2

HARD HITTERS
The No. 1 Stanford women's
volleyball team takes its
show to Washington.
SPORTS/7

Today: Mostly Sunny
High ' 67
Low 42
Tomorrow:
Partly Cloudy



CRAVING THE BUZZ
rlook at the most widely
consumed drug on the
Stanford campus.
NEWS/2

HARD HITTERS
The No. 1 Stanford women's
volleyball team takes its
show to Washington.
SPORTS/7

Today: Mostly Sunny
High ' 67
Low 42
Tomorrow:
Partly Cloudy



CRAVING THE BUZZ
rlook at the most widely
consumed drug on the
Stanford campus.
NEWS/2

HARD HITTERS
The No. 1 Stanford women's
volleyball team takes its
show to Washington.
SPORTS/7

Today: Mostly Sunny
High ' 67
Low 42
Tomorrow:
Partly Cloudy



