# LIFE OF JOHN SWETT REVIEWED IN LECTURE BY CARR YESTERDAY
## 
### 
The life and educational work of
John Swett, state superintendent of
schools when Leland Stanford was
governor of California, was the topic
of a lecture delivered by William J.
Carr, assistant director of research
of the National Education Associa
tion at Washington, D.C., before Pro
fessor J. C. Almack's educational his
tory class yesterday.
Swett, a native of New Hampshire,
came to California in 1852 because of
ill health. His residence here was
colored with adventure and achieve
ment. Beginning as a gold miner,
Swett turned to education and was
appointed director of state education
during the Leland Stanford regime.
Swett's achievements were an attempt
to establish a state tax on schools
and a successful effort to abolish
political control in the San Francisco
school department.
Carr is a graduate of Stanford and
just recently obtained his position
with the National Education Associa
tion.
The life and educational work of
John Swett, state superintendent of
schools when Leland Stanford was
governor of California, was the topic
of a lecture delivered by William J.
Carr, assistant director of research
of the National Education Associa
tion at Washington, D.C., before Pro
fessor J. C. Almack's educational his
tory class yesterday.
Swett, a native of New Hampshire,
came to California in 1852 because of
ill health. His residence here was
colored with adventure and achieve
ment. Beginning as a gold miner,
Swett turned to education and was
appointed director of state education
during the Leland Stanford regime.
Swett's achievements were an attempt
to establish a state tax on schools
and a successful effort to abolish
political control in the San Francisco
school department.
Carr is a graduate of Stanford and
just recently obtained his position
with the National Education Associa
tion.
The life and educational work of
John Swett, state superintendent of
schools when Leland Stanford was
governor of California, was the topic
of a lecture delivered by William J.
Carr, assistant director of research
of the National Education Associa
tion at Washington, D.C., before Pro
fessor J. C. Almack's educational his
tory class yesterday.
Swett, a native of New Hampshire,
came to California in 1852 because of
ill health. His residence here was
colored with adventure and achieve
ment. Beginning as a gold miner,
Swett turned to education and was
appointed director of state education
during the Leland Stanford regime.
Swett's achievements were an attempt
to establish a state tax on schools
and a successful effort to abolish
political control in the San Francisco
school department.
Carr is a graduate of Stanford and
just recently obtained his position
with the National Education Associa
tion.
The life and educational work of
John Swett, state superintendent of
schools when Leland Stanford was
governor of California, was the topic
of a lecture delivered by William J.
Carr, assistant director of research
of the National Education Associa
tion at Washington, D.C., before Pro
fessor J. C. Almack's educational his
tory class yesterday.
Swett, a native of New Hampshire,
came to California in 1852 because of
ill health. His residence here was
colored with adventure and achieve
ment. Beginning as a gold miner,
Swett turned to education and was
appointed director of state education
during the Leland Stanford regime.
Swett's achievements were an attempt
to establish a state tax on schools
and a successful effort to abolish
political control in the San Francisco
school department.
Carr is a graduate of Stanford and
just recently obtained his position
with the National Education Associa
tion.
The life and educational work of
John Swett, state superintendent of
schools when Leland Stanford was
governor of California, was the topic
of a lecture delivered by William J.
Carr, assistant director of research
of the National Education Associa
tion at Washington, D.C., before Pro
fessor J. C. Almack's educational his
tory class yesterday.
Swett, a native of New Hampshire,
came to California in 1852 because of
ill health. His residence here was
colored with adventure and achieve
ment. Beginning as a gold miner,
Swett turned to education and was
appointed director of state education
during the Leland Stanford regime.
Swett's achievements were an attempt
to establish a state tax on schools
and a successful effort to abolish
political control in the San Francisco
school department.
Carr is a graduate of Stanford and
just recently obtained his position
with the National Education Associa
tion.
The life and educational work of
John Swett, state superintendent of
schools when Leland Stanford was
governor of California, was the topic
of a lecture delivered by William J.
Carr, assistant director of research
of the National Education Associa
tion at Washington, D.C., before Pro
fessor J. C. Almack's educational his
tory class yesterday.
Swett, a native of New Hampshire,
came to California in 1852 because of
ill health. His residence here was
colored with adventure and achieve
ment. Beginning as a gold miner,
Swett turned to education and was
appointed director of state education
during the Leland Stanford regime.
Swett's achievements were an attempt
to establish a state tax on schools
and a successful effort to abolish
political control in the San Francisco
school department.
Carr is a graduate of Stanford and
just recently obtained his position
with the National Education Associa
tion.
The life and educational work of
John Swett, state superintendent of
schools when Leland Stanford was
governor of California, was the topic
of a lecture delivered by William J.
Carr, assistant director of research
of the National Education Associa
tion at Washington, D.C., before Pro
fessor J. C. Almack's educational his
tory class yesterday.
Swett, a native of New Hampshire,
came to California in 1852 because of
ill health. His residence here was
colored with adventure and achieve
ment. Beginning as a gold miner,
Swett turned to education and was
appointed director of state education
during the Leland Stanford regime.
Swett's achievements were an attempt
to establish a state tax on schools
and a successful effort to abolish
political control in the San Francisco
school department.
Carr is a graduate of Stanford and
just recently obtained his position
with the National Education Associa
tion.
The life and educational work of
John Swett, state superintendent of
schools when Leland Stanford was
governor of California, was the topic
of a lecture delivered by William J.
Carr, assistant director of research
of the National Education Associa
tion at Washington, D.C., before Pro
fessor J. C. Almack's educational his
tory class yesterday.
Swett, a native of New Hampshire,
came to California in 1852 because of
ill health. His residence here was
colored with adventure and achieve
ment. Beginning as a gold miner,
Swett turned to education and was
appointed director of state education
during the Leland Stanford regime.
Swett's achievements were an attempt
to establish a state tax on schools
and a successful effort to abolish
political control in the San Francisco
school department.
Carr is a graduate of Stanford and
just recently obtained his position
with the National Education Associa
tion.
The life and educational work of
John Swett, state superintendent of
schools when Leland Stanford was
governor of California, was the topic
of a lecture delivered by William J.
Carr, assistant director of research
of the National Education Associa
tion at Washington, D.C., before Pro
fessor J. C. Almack's educational his
tory class yesterday.
Swett, a native of New Hampshire,
came to California in 1852 because of
ill health. His residence here was
colored with adventure and achieve
ment. Beginning as a gold miner,
Swett turned to education and was
appointed director of state education
during the Leland Stanford regime.
Swett's achievements were an attempt
to establish a state tax on schools
and a successful effort to abolish
political control in the San Francisco
school department.
Carr is a graduate of Stanford and
just recently obtained his position
with the National Education Associa
tion.
The life and educational work of
John Swett, state superintendent of
schools when Leland Stanford was
governor of California, was the topic
of a lecture delivered by William J.
Carr, assistant director of research
of the National Education Associa
tion at Washington, D.C., before Pro
fessor J. C. Almack's educational his
tory class yesterday.
Swett, a native of New Hampshire,
came to California in 1852 because of
ill health. His residence here was
colored with adventure and achieve
ment. Beginning as a gold miner,
Swett turned to education and was
appointed director of state education
during the Leland Stanford regime.
Swett's achievements were an attempt
to establish a state tax on schools
and a successful effort to abolish
political control in the San Francisco
school department.
Carr is a graduate of Stanford and
just recently obtained his position
with the National Education Associa
tion.
The life and educational work of
John Swett, state superintendent of
schools when Leland Stanford was
governor of California, was the topic
of a lecture delivered by William J.
Carr, assistant director of research
of the National Education Associa
tion at Washington, D.C., before Pro
fessor J. C. Almack's educational his
tory class yesterday.
Swett, a native of New Hampshire,
came to California in 1852 because of
ill health. His residence here was
colored with adventure and achieve
ment. Beginning as a gold miner,
Swett turned to education and was
appointed director of state education
during the Leland Stanford regime.
Swett's achievements were an attempt
to establish a state tax on schools
and a successful effort to abolish
political control in the San Francisco
school department.
Carr is a graduate of Stanford and
just recently obtained his position
with the National Education Associa
tion.
The life and educational work of
John Swett, state superintendent of
schools when Leland Stanford was
governor of California, was the topic
of a lecture delivered by William J.
Carr, assistant director of research
of the National Education Associa
tion at Washington, D.C., before Pro
fessor J. C. Almack's educational his
tory class yesterday.
Swett, a native of New Hampshire,
came to California in 1852 because of
ill health. His residence here was
colored with adventure and achieve
ment. Beginning as a gold miner,
Swett turned to education and was
appointed director of state education
during the Leland Stanford regime.
Swett's achievements were an attempt
to establish a state tax on schools
and a successful effort to abolish
political control in the San Francisco
school department.
Carr is a graduate of Stanford and
just recently obtained his position
with the National Education Associa
tion.
The life and educational work of
John Swett, state superintendent of
schools when Leland Stanford was
governor of California, was the topic
of a lecture delivered by William J.
Carr, assistant director of research
of the National Education Associa
tion at Washington, D.C., before Pro
fessor J. C. Almack's educational his
tory class yesterday.
Swett, a native of New Hampshire,
came to California in 1852 because of
ill health. His residence here was
colored with adventure and achieve
ment. Beginning as a gold miner,
Swett turned to education and was
appointed director of state education
during the Leland Stanford regime.
Swett's achievements were an attempt
to establish a state tax on schools
and a successful effort to abolish
political control in the San Francisco
school department.
Carr is a graduate of Stanford and
just recently obtained his position
with the National Education Associa
tion.
The life and educational work of
John Swett, state superintendent of
schools when Leland Stanford was
governor of California, was the topic
of a lecture delivered by William J.
Carr, assistant director of research
of the National Education Associa
tion at Washington, D.C., before Pro
fessor J. C. Almack's educational his
tory class yesterday.
Swett, a native of New Hampshire,
came to California in 1852 because of
ill health. His residence here was
colored with adventure and achieve
ment. Beginning as a gold miner,
Swett turned to education and was
appointed director of state education
during the Leland Stanford regime.
Swett's achievements were an attempt
to establish a state tax on schools
and a successful effort to abolish
political control in the San Francisco
school department.
Carr is a graduate of Stanford and
just recently obtained his position
with the National Education Associa
tion.
The life and educational work of
John Swett, state superintendent of
schools when Leland Stanford was
governor of California, was the topic
of a lecture delivered by William J.
Carr, assistant director of research
of the National Education Associa
tion at Washington, D.C., before Pro
fessor J. C. Almack's educational his
tory class yesterday.
Swett, a native of New Hampshire,
came to California in 1852 because of
ill health. His residence here was
colored with adventure and achieve
ment. Beginning as a gold miner,
Swett turned to education and was
appointed director of state education
during the Leland Stanford regime.
Swett's achievements were an attempt
to establish a state tax on schools
and a successful effort to abolish
political control in the San Francisco
school department.
Carr is a graduate of Stanford and
just recently obtained his position
with the National Education Associa
tion.
The life and educational work of
John Swett, state superintendent of
schools when Leland Stanford was
governor of California, was the topic
of a lecture delivered by William J.
Carr, assistant director of research
of the National Education Associa
tion at Washington, D.C., before Pro
fessor J. C. Almack's educational his
tory class yesterday.
Swett, a native of New Hampshire,
came to California in 1852 because of
ill health. His residence here was
colored with adventure and achieve
ment. Beginning as a gold miner,
Swett turned to education and was
appointed director of state education
during the Leland Stanford regime.
Swett's achievements were an attempt
to establish a state tax on schools
and a successful effort to abolish
political control in the San Francisco
school department.
Carr is a graduate of Stanford and
just recently obtained his position
with the National Education Associa
tion.
