# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Shocked at Maples
Men's basketball drops
lethargic game against ASU.
Sports, page 7

No-hitter??
Hutchinson leads Card in
sweep of Fresno State.
Sports, page 7


Shocked at Maples
Men's basketball drops
lethargic game against ASU.
Sports, page 7

No-hitter??
Hutchinson leads Card in
sweep of Fresno State.
Sports, page 7


Shocked at Maples
Men's basketball drops
lethargic game against ASU.
Sports, page 7

No-hitter??
Hutchinson leads Card in
sweep of Fresno State.
Sports, page 7


Shocked at Maples
Men's basketball drops
lethargic game against ASU.
Sports, page 7

No-hitter??
Hutchinson leads Card in
sweep of Fresno State.
Sports, page 7


Shocked at Maples
Men's basketball drops
lethargic game against ASU.
Sports, page 7

No-hitter??
Hutchinson leads Card in
sweep of Fresno State.
Sports, page 7


