# Adv. 8 Page 3
## 
### 
Deadline for classified actvertis- j
ing is 5 p.m. of the day before |
publication.
Deadline for classified actvertis- j
ing is 5 p.m. of the day before |
publication.
Deadline for classified actvertis- j
ing is 5 p.m. of the day before |
publication.
Deadline for classified actvertis- j
ing is 5 p.m. of the day before |
publication.
Deadline for classified actvertis- j
ing is 5 p.m. of the day before |
publication.
Deadline for classified actvertis- j
ing is 5 p.m. of the day before |
publication.
Deadline for classified actvertis- j
ing is 5 p.m. of the day before |
publication.
Deadline for classified actvertis- j
ing is 5 p.m. of the day before |
publication.
Deadline for classified actvertis- j
ing is 5 p.m. of the day before |
publication.
Deadline for classified actvertis- j
ing is 5 p.m. of the day before |
publication.
Deadline for classified actvertis- j
ing is 5 p.m. of the day before |
publication.
Deadline for classified actvertis- j
ing is 5 p.m. of the day before |
publication.
Deadline for classified actvertis- j
ing is 5 p.m. of the day before |
publication.
Deadline for classified actvertis- j
ing is 5 p.m. of the day before |
publication.
Deadline for classified actvertis- j
ing is 5 p.m. of the day before |
publication.
