# '55 Announcements
## 
### 
Senior announcements — An
nouncements and programs may be
ordered at the Bookstore the re
mainder of this week. Announce
ments are 15 cents apiece and pro
grams, complete with white leather
jackets, are $1.50. Payment must be
made at the time of ordering, ac
cording to Bookstore officials.
Senior Ferry Boat Ride—Tickets
are now on sale for the ferry boat
ride Friday from 9 p.m. to 1 a.m.
The boat leaves Fisherman's Wharf
at 9 p.m. Tickets are $4 a couple.
Dancing and- refreshments will be
available.
The scenic ride will tour San
Francisco Bay under the light of a
full moon. Bill Lund is chairman of
the affair. Frank Schwartz is in
charge of ticket sales and Linda
Wells in charge of publicity.
Senior Ball—June 16.
