# Speech Clinic Offers Aid To Community, Students
## Children Get Most Attention 
### EDA MENDELS 
Classes for stutterers, cleft
palale patients, and deaf people
of all ages are but some of the
services offered by the Stanford
Speech and Hearing Clinic.
In their cubbyholes on the third
floor of the Knoll, Clinic staff and
student clinicians try to help local
people with all types of speech and
hearing defects to minimize or over
come their difficulties.
Though the majority of the en
rollment is composed of children,
Stanford students also take advan
tage of tho services, which are of
fered ffee of charge. They come for
treatment of articulation defects
such as stuttering, or voice difficul
ties such as too high or too raspy a
quality. A separate program is con
ducted for foreign students.
CHILDREN'S LESSONS
The children, who have individual
half - hour lessons twice a week,
come for a variety of complaints, in
volving cerebral palsy, cleft palate,
stuttering, damage to the speech
area of the brain, articulation, or
deafness. The clinicians help each
child according to his needs to cor
rect the speech difficulties, and
teach lip-reading to the deaf.
Enrollment this quarter is 109
cases, with a waiting list of approx
imately 50.
PATIENTS SENT
Local doctors often refer their pa
tients to the Clinic for hearing tests,
since the Clinic maintains accurate
testing equipment such as few of
fices have. The patient sits in a
sound-proof booth, while the tester
speaks from an adjoining room. For
adults, clinicians read a list of
words, but they test children's hear
ing by observing whether they will
obey simple orders involving the
toys that are given them.
The Clinic is a division ,of the
Speech and Drama Department. It
is sponsored by the Junior League.
Professional staff of the Clinic in
cludes Dr. Virgil Anderson, direc
tor; Dr. Hayes Newby, associate di
rector; Dr. Mary Farquhar, clinic
supervisor; and Dr. Dorothy Hun
tington, assistant professor.
Juniors, seniors, and graduate
students in the speech therapy pro
gram work, as clinicians to supple
ment their classroom work. As such,
the Clinic serves as the out-patient
clinic of a medical school. The stu
dents also help in the- Children's
Health Council and the Rehabilita
tion Center in Palo Alto, with which
the Speech and Hearing Clinic is af
filiated.


CEREBRAL PALSIED CHILD IS TREATED
Classes for stutterers, cleft
palale patients, and deaf people
of all ages are but some of the
services offered by the Stanford
Speech and Hearing Clinic.
In their cubbyholes on the third
floor of the Knoll, Clinic staff and
student clinicians try to help local
people with all types of speech and
hearing defects to minimize or over
come their difficulties.
Though the majority of the en
rollment is composed of children,
Stanford students also take advan
tage of tho services, which are of
fered ffee of charge. They come for
treatment of articulation defects
such as stuttering, or voice difficul
ties such as too high or too raspy a
quality. A separate program is con
ducted for foreign students.
CHILDREN'S LESSONS
The children, who have individual
half - hour lessons twice a week,
come for a variety of complaints, in
volving cerebral palsy, cleft palate,
stuttering, damage to the speech
area of the brain, articulation, or
deafness. The clinicians help each
child according to his needs to cor
rect the speech difficulties, and
teach lip-reading to the deaf.
Enrollment this quarter is 109
cases, with a waiting list of approx
imately 50.
PATIENTS SENT
Local doctors often refer their pa
tients to the Clinic for hearing tests,
since the Clinic maintains accurate
testing equipment such as few of
fices have. The patient sits in a
sound-proof booth, while the tester
speaks from an adjoining room. For
adults, clinicians read a list of
words, but they test children's hear
ing by observing whether they will
obey simple orders involving the
toys that are given them.
The Clinic is a division ,of the
Speech and Drama Department. It
is sponsored by the Junior League.
Professional staff of the Clinic in
cludes Dr. Virgil Anderson, direc
tor; Dr. Hayes Newby, associate di
rector; Dr. Mary Farquhar, clinic
supervisor; and Dr. Dorothy Hun
tington, assistant professor.
Juniors, seniors, and graduate
students in the speech therapy pro
gram work, as clinicians to supple
ment their classroom work. As such,
the Clinic serves as the out-patient
clinic of a medical school. The stu
dents also help in the- Children's
Health Council and the Rehabilita
tion Center in Palo Alto, with which
the Speech and Hearing Clinic is af
filiated.


CEREBRAL PALSIED CHILD IS TREATED
Classes for stutterers, cleft
palale patients, and deaf people
of all ages are but some of the
services offered by the Stanford
Speech and Hearing Clinic.
In their cubbyholes on the third
floor of the Knoll, Clinic staff and
student clinicians try to help local
people with all types of speech and
hearing defects to minimize or over
come their difficulties.
Though the majority of the en
rollment is composed of children,
Stanford students also take advan
tage of tho services, which are of
fered ffee of charge. They come for
treatment of articulation defects
such as stuttering, or voice difficul
ties such as too high or too raspy a
quality. A separate program is con
ducted for foreign students.
CHILDREN'S LESSONS
The children, who have individual
half - hour lessons twice a week,
come for a variety of complaints, in
volving cerebral palsy, cleft palate,
stuttering, damage to the speech
area of the brain, articulation, or
deafness. The clinicians help each
child according to his needs to cor
rect the speech difficulties, and
teach lip-reading to the deaf.
Enrollment this quarter is 109
cases, with a waiting list of approx
imately 50.
PATIENTS SENT
Local doctors often refer their pa
tients to the Clinic for hearing tests,
since the Clinic maintains accurate
testing equipment such as few of
fices have. The patient sits in a
sound-proof booth, while the tester
speaks from an adjoining room. For
adults, clinicians read a list of
words, but they test children's hear
ing by observing whether they will
obey simple orders involving the
toys that are given them.
The Clinic is a division ,of the
Speech and Drama Department. It
is sponsored by the Junior League.
Professional staff of the Clinic in
cludes Dr. Virgil Anderson, direc
tor; Dr. Hayes Newby, associate di
rector; Dr. Mary Farquhar, clinic
supervisor; and Dr. Dorothy Hun
tington, assistant professor.
Juniors, seniors, and graduate
students in the speech therapy pro
gram work, as clinicians to supple
ment their classroom work. As such,
the Clinic serves as the out-patient
clinic of a medical school. The stu
dents also help in the- Children's
Health Council and the Rehabilita
tion Center in Palo Alto, with which
the Speech and Hearing Clinic is af
filiated.


CEREBRAL PALSIED CHILD IS TREATED
Classes for stutterers, cleft
palale patients, and deaf people
of all ages are but some of the
services offered by the Stanford
Speech and Hearing Clinic.
In their cubbyholes on the third
floor of the Knoll, Clinic staff and
student clinicians try to help local
people with all types of speech and
hearing defects to minimize or over
come their difficulties.
Though the majority of the en
rollment is composed of children,
Stanford students also take advan
tage of tho services, which are of
fered ffee of charge. They come for
treatment of articulation defects
such as stuttering, or voice difficul
ties such as too high or too raspy a
quality. A separate program is con
ducted for foreign students.
CHILDREN'S LESSONS
The children, who have individual
half - hour lessons twice a week,
come for a variety of complaints, in
volving cerebral palsy, cleft palate,
stuttering, damage to the speech
area of the brain, articulation, or
deafness. The clinicians help each
child according to his needs to cor
rect the speech difficulties, and
teach lip-reading to the deaf.
Enrollment this quarter is 109
cases, with a waiting list of approx
imately 50.
PATIENTS SENT
Local doctors often refer their pa
tients to the Clinic for hearing tests,
since the Clinic maintains accurate
testing equipment such as few of
fices have. The patient sits in a
sound-proof booth, while the tester
speaks from an adjoining room. For
adults, clinicians read a list of
words, but they test children's hear
ing by observing whether they will
obey simple orders involving the
toys that are given them.
The Clinic is a division ,of the
Speech and Drama Department. It
is sponsored by the Junior League.
Professional staff of the Clinic in
cludes Dr. Virgil Anderson, direc
tor; Dr. Hayes Newby, associate di
rector; Dr. Mary Farquhar, clinic
supervisor; and Dr. Dorothy Hun
tington, assistant professor.
Juniors, seniors, and graduate
students in the speech therapy pro
gram work, as clinicians to supple
ment their classroom work. As such,
the Clinic serves as the out-patient
clinic of a medical school. The stu
dents also help in the- Children's
Health Council and the Rehabilita
tion Center in Palo Alto, with which
the Speech and Hearing Clinic is af
filiated.


CEREBRAL PALSIED CHILD IS TREATED
Classes for stutterers, cleft
palale patients, and deaf people
of all ages are but some of the
services offered by the Stanford
Speech and Hearing Clinic.
In their cubbyholes on the third
floor of the Knoll, Clinic staff and
student clinicians try to help local
people with all types of speech and
hearing defects to minimize or over
come their difficulties.
Though the majority of the en
rollment is composed of children,
Stanford students also take advan
tage of tho services, which are of
fered ffee of charge. They come for
treatment of articulation defects
such as stuttering, or voice difficul
ties such as too high or too raspy a
quality. A separate program is con
ducted for foreign students.
CHILDREN'S LESSONS
The children, who have individual
half - hour lessons twice a week,
come for a variety of complaints, in
volving cerebral palsy, cleft palate,
stuttering, damage to the speech
area of the brain, articulation, or
deafness. The clinicians help each
child according to his needs to cor
rect the speech difficulties, and
teach lip-reading to the deaf.
Enrollment this quarter is 109
cases, with a waiting list of approx
imately 50.
PATIENTS SENT
Local doctors often refer their pa
tients to the Clinic for hearing tests,
since the Clinic maintains accurate
testing equipment such as few of
fices have. The patient sits in a
sound-proof booth, while the tester
speaks from an adjoining room. For
adults, clinicians read a list of
words, but they test children's hear
ing by observing whether they will
obey simple orders involving the
toys that are given them.
The Clinic is a division ,of the
Speech and Drama Department. It
is sponsored by the Junior League.
Professional staff of the Clinic in
cludes Dr. Virgil Anderson, direc
tor; Dr. Hayes Newby, associate di
rector; Dr. Mary Farquhar, clinic
supervisor; and Dr. Dorothy Hun
tington, assistant professor.
Juniors, seniors, and graduate
students in the speech therapy pro
gram work, as clinicians to supple
ment their classroom work. As such,
the Clinic serves as the out-patient
clinic of a medical school. The stu
dents also help in the- Children's
Health Council and the Rehabilita
tion Center in Palo Alto, with which
the Speech and Hearing Clinic is af
filiated.


CEREBRAL PALSIED CHILD IS TREATED
Classes for stutterers, cleft
palale patients, and deaf people
of all ages are but some of the
services offered by the Stanford
Speech and Hearing Clinic.
In their cubbyholes on the third
floor of the Knoll, Clinic staff and
student clinicians try to help local
people with all types of speech and
hearing defects to minimize or over
come their difficulties.
Though the majority of the en
rollment is composed of children,
Stanford students also take advan
tage of tho services, which are of
fered ffee of charge. They come for
treatment of articulation defects
such as stuttering, or voice difficul
ties such as too high or too raspy a
quality. A separate program is con
ducted for foreign students.
CHILDREN'S LESSONS
The children, who have individual
half - hour lessons twice a week,
come for a variety of complaints, in
volving cerebral palsy, cleft palate,
stuttering, damage to the speech
area of the brain, articulation, or
deafness. The clinicians help each
child according to his needs to cor
rect the speech difficulties, and
teach lip-reading to the deaf.
Enrollment this quarter is 109
cases, with a waiting list of approx
imately 50.
PATIENTS SENT
Local doctors often refer their pa
tients to the Clinic for hearing tests,
since the Clinic maintains accurate
testing equipment such as few of
fices have. The patient sits in a
sound-proof booth, while the tester
speaks from an adjoining room. For
adults, clinicians read a list of
words, but they test children's hear
ing by observing whether they will
obey simple orders involving the
toys that are given them.
The Clinic is a division ,of the
Speech and Drama Department. It
is sponsored by the Junior League.
Professional staff of the Clinic in
cludes Dr. Virgil Anderson, direc
tor; Dr. Hayes Newby, associate di
rector; Dr. Mary Farquhar, clinic
supervisor; and Dr. Dorothy Hun
tington, assistant professor.
Juniors, seniors, and graduate
students in the speech therapy pro
gram work, as clinicians to supple
ment their classroom work. As such,
the Clinic serves as the out-patient
clinic of a medical school. The stu
dents also help in the- Children's
Health Council and the Rehabilita
tion Center in Palo Alto, with which
the Speech and Hearing Clinic is af
filiated.


CEREBRAL PALSIED CHILD IS TREATED
Classes for stutterers, cleft
palale patients, and deaf people
of all ages are but some of the
services offered by the Stanford
Speech and Hearing Clinic.
In their cubbyholes on the third
floor of the Knoll, Clinic staff and
student clinicians try to help local
people with all types of speech and
hearing defects to minimize or over
come their difficulties.
Though the majority of the en
rollment is composed of children,
Stanford students also take advan
tage of tho services, which are of
fered ffee of charge. They come for
treatment of articulation defects
such as stuttering, or voice difficul
ties such as too high or too raspy a
quality. A separate program is con
ducted for foreign students.
CHILDREN'S LESSONS
The children, who have individual
half - hour lessons twice a week,
come for a variety of complaints, in
volving cerebral palsy, cleft palate,
stuttering, damage to the speech
area of the brain, articulation, or
deafness. The clinicians help each
child according to his needs to cor
rect the speech difficulties, and
teach lip-reading to the deaf.
Enrollment this quarter is 109
cases, with a waiting list of approx
imately 50.
PATIENTS SENT
Local doctors often refer their pa
tients to the Clinic for hearing tests,
since the Clinic maintains accurate
testing equipment such as few of
fices have. The patient sits in a
sound-proof booth, while the tester
speaks from an adjoining room. For
adults, clinicians read a list of
words, but they test children's hear
ing by observing whether they will
obey simple orders involving the
toys that are given them.
The Clinic is a division ,of the
Speech and Drama Department. It
is sponsored by the Junior League.
Professional staff of the Clinic in
cludes Dr. Virgil Anderson, direc
tor; Dr. Hayes Newby, associate di
rector; Dr. Mary Farquhar, clinic
supervisor; and Dr. Dorothy Hun
tington, assistant professor.
Juniors, seniors, and graduate
students in the speech therapy pro
gram work, as clinicians to supple
ment their classroom work. As such,
the Clinic serves as the out-patient
clinic of a medical school. The stu
dents also help in the- Children's
Health Council and the Rehabilita
tion Center in Palo Alto, with which
the Speech and Hearing Clinic is af
filiated.


CEREBRAL PALSIED CHILD IS TREATED
Classes for stutterers, cleft
palale patients, and deaf people
of all ages are but some of the
services offered by the Stanford
Speech and Hearing Clinic.
In their cubbyholes on the third
floor of the Knoll, Clinic staff and
student clinicians try to help local
people with all types of speech and
hearing defects to minimize or over
come their difficulties.
Though the majority of the en
rollment is composed of children,
Stanford students also take advan
tage of tho services, which are of
fered ffee of charge. They come for
treatment of articulation defects
such as stuttering, or voice difficul
ties such as too high or too raspy a
quality. A separate program is con
ducted for foreign students.
CHILDREN'S LESSONS
The children, who have individual
half - hour lessons twice a week,
come for a variety of complaints, in
volving cerebral palsy, cleft palate,
stuttering, damage to the speech
area of the brain, articulation, or
deafness. The clinicians help each
child according to his needs to cor
rect the speech difficulties, and
teach lip-reading to the deaf.
Enrollment this quarter is 109
cases, with a waiting list of approx
imately 50.
PATIENTS SENT
Local doctors often refer their pa
tients to the Clinic for hearing tests,
since the Clinic maintains accurate
testing equipment such as few of
fices have. The patient sits in a
sound-proof booth, while the tester
speaks from an adjoining room. For
adults, clinicians read a list of
words, but they test children's hear
ing by observing whether they will
obey simple orders involving the
toys that are given them.
The Clinic is a division ,of the
Speech and Drama Department. It
is sponsored by the Junior League.
Professional staff of the Clinic in
cludes Dr. Virgil Anderson, direc
tor; Dr. Hayes Newby, associate di
rector; Dr. Mary Farquhar, clinic
supervisor; and Dr. Dorothy Hun
tington, assistant professor.
Juniors, seniors, and graduate
students in the speech therapy pro
gram work, as clinicians to supple
ment their classroom work. As such,
the Clinic serves as the out-patient
clinic of a medical school. The stu
dents also help in the- Children's
Health Council and the Rehabilita
tion Center in Palo Alto, with which
the Speech and Hearing Clinic is af
filiated.


CEREBRAL PALSIED CHILD IS TREATED
Classes for stutterers, cleft
palale patients, and deaf people
of all ages are but some of the
services offered by the Stanford
Speech and Hearing Clinic.
In their cubbyholes on the third
floor of the Knoll, Clinic staff and
student clinicians try to help local
people with all types of speech and
hearing defects to minimize or over
come their difficulties.
Though the majority of the en
rollment is composed of children,
Stanford students also take advan
tage of tho services, which are of
fered ffee of charge. They come for
treatment of articulation defects
such as stuttering, or voice difficul
ties such as too high or too raspy a
quality. A separate program is con
ducted for foreign students.
CHILDREN'S LESSONS
The children, who have individual
half - hour lessons twice a week,
come for a variety of complaints, in
volving cerebral palsy, cleft palate,
stuttering, damage to the speech
area of the brain, articulation, or
deafness. The clinicians help each
child according to his needs to cor
rect the speech difficulties, and
teach lip-reading to the deaf.
Enrollment this quarter is 109
cases, with a waiting list of approx
imately 50.
PATIENTS SENT
Local doctors often refer their pa
tients to the Clinic for hearing tests,
since the Clinic maintains accurate
testing equipment such as few of
fices have. The patient sits in a
sound-proof booth, while the tester
speaks from an adjoining room. For
adults, clinicians read a list of
words, but they test children's hear
ing by observing whether they will
obey simple orders involving the
toys that are given them.
The Clinic is a division ,of the
Speech and Drama Department. It
is sponsored by the Junior League.
Professional staff of the Clinic in
cludes Dr. Virgil Anderson, direc
tor; Dr. Hayes Newby, associate di
rector; Dr. Mary Farquhar, clinic
supervisor; and Dr. Dorothy Hun
tington, assistant professor.
Juniors, seniors, and graduate
students in the speech therapy pro
gram work, as clinicians to supple
ment their classroom work. As such,
the Clinic serves as the out-patient
clinic of a medical school. The stu
dents also help in the- Children's
Health Council and the Rehabilita
tion Center in Palo Alto, with which
the Speech and Hearing Clinic is af
filiated.


CEREBRAL PALSIED CHILD IS TREATED
Classes for stutterers, cleft
palale patients, and deaf people
of all ages are but some of the
services offered by the Stanford
Speech and Hearing Clinic.
In their cubbyholes on the third
floor of the Knoll, Clinic staff and
student clinicians try to help local
people with all types of speech and
hearing defects to minimize or over
come their difficulties.
Though the majority of the en
rollment is composed of children,
Stanford students also take advan
tage of tho services, which are of
fered ffee of charge. They come for
treatment of articulation defects
such as stuttering, or voice difficul
ties such as too high or too raspy a
quality. A separate program is con
ducted for foreign students.
CHILDREN'S LESSONS
The children, who have individual
half - hour lessons twice a week,
come for a variety of complaints, in
volving cerebral palsy, cleft palate,
stuttering, damage to the speech
area of the brain, articulation, or
deafness. The clinicians help each
child according to his needs to cor
rect the speech difficulties, and
teach lip-reading to the deaf.
Enrollment this quarter is 109
cases, with a waiting list of approx
imately 50.
PATIENTS SENT
Local doctors often refer their pa
tients to the Clinic for hearing tests,
since the Clinic maintains accurate
testing equipment such as few of
fices have. The patient sits in a
sound-proof booth, while the tester
speaks from an adjoining room. For
adults, clinicians read a list of
words, but they test children's hear
ing by observing whether they will
obey simple orders involving the
toys that are given them.
The Clinic is a division ,of the
Speech and Drama Department. It
is sponsored by the Junior League.
Professional staff of the Clinic in
cludes Dr. Virgil Anderson, direc
tor; Dr. Hayes Newby, associate di
rector; Dr. Mary Farquhar, clinic
supervisor; and Dr. Dorothy Hun
tington, assistant professor.
Juniors, seniors, and graduate
students in the speech therapy pro
gram work, as clinicians to supple
ment their classroom work. As such,
the Clinic serves as the out-patient
clinic of a medical school. The stu
dents also help in the- Children's
Health Council and the Rehabilita
tion Center in Palo Alto, with which
the Speech and Hearing Clinic is af
filiated.


CEREBRAL PALSIED CHILD IS TREATED
Classes for stutterers, cleft
palale patients, and deaf people
of all ages are but some of the
services offered by the Stanford
Speech and Hearing Clinic.
In their cubbyholes on the third
floor of the Knoll, Clinic staff and
student clinicians try to help local
people with all types of speech and
hearing defects to minimize or over
come their difficulties.
Though the majority of the en
rollment is composed of children,
Stanford students also take advan
tage of tho services, which are of
fered ffee of charge. They come for
treatment of articulation defects
such as stuttering, or voice difficul
ties such as too high or too raspy a
quality. A separate program is con
ducted for foreign students.
CHILDREN'S LESSONS
The children, who have individual
half - hour lessons twice a week,
come for a variety of complaints, in
volving cerebral palsy, cleft palate,
stuttering, damage to the speech
area of the brain, articulation, or
deafness. The clinicians help each
child according to his needs to cor
rect the speech difficulties, and
teach lip-reading to the deaf.
Enrollment this quarter is 109
cases, with a waiting list of approx
imately 50.
PATIENTS SENT
Local doctors often refer their pa
tients to the Clinic for hearing tests,
since the Clinic maintains accurate
testing equipment such as few of
fices have. The patient sits in a
sound-proof booth, while the tester
speaks from an adjoining room. For
adults, clinicians read a list of
words, but they test children's hear
ing by observing whether they will
obey simple orders involving the
toys that are given them.
The Clinic is a division ,of the
Speech and Drama Department. It
is sponsored by the Junior League.
Professional staff of the Clinic in
cludes Dr. Virgil Anderson, direc
tor; Dr. Hayes Newby, associate di
rector; Dr. Mary Farquhar, clinic
supervisor; and Dr. Dorothy Hun
tington, assistant professor.
Juniors, seniors, and graduate
students in the speech therapy pro
gram work, as clinicians to supple
ment their classroom work. As such,
the Clinic serves as the out-patient
clinic of a medical school. The stu
dents also help in the- Children's
Health Council and the Rehabilita
tion Center in Palo Alto, with which
the Speech and Hearing Clinic is af
filiated.


CEREBRAL PALSIED CHILD IS TREATED
Classes for stutterers, cleft
palale patients, and deaf people
of all ages are but some of the
services offered by the Stanford
Speech and Hearing Clinic.
In their cubbyholes on the third
floor of the Knoll, Clinic staff and
student clinicians try to help local
people with all types of speech and
hearing defects to minimize or over
come their difficulties.
Though the majority of the en
rollment is composed of children,
Stanford students also take advan
tage of tho services, which are of
fered ffee of charge. They come for
treatment of articulation defects
such as stuttering, or voice difficul
ties such as too high or too raspy a
quality. A separate program is con
ducted for foreign students.
CHILDREN'S LESSONS
The children, who have individual
half - hour lessons twice a week,
come for a variety of complaints, in
volving cerebral palsy, cleft palate,
stuttering, damage to the speech
area of the brain, articulation, or
deafness. The clinicians help each
child according to his needs to cor
rect the speech difficulties, and
teach lip-reading to the deaf.
Enrollment this quarter is 109
cases, with a waiting list of approx
imately 50.
PATIENTS SENT
Local doctors often refer their pa
tients to the Clinic for hearing tests,
since the Clinic maintains accurate
testing equipment such as few of
fices have. The patient sits in a
sound-proof booth, while the tester
speaks from an adjoining room. For
adults, clinicians read a list of
words, but they test children's hear
ing by observing whether they will
obey simple orders involving the
toys that are given them.
The Clinic is a division ,of the
Speech and Drama Department. It
is sponsored by the Junior League.
Professional staff of the Clinic in
cludes Dr. Virgil Anderson, direc
tor; Dr. Hayes Newby, associate di
rector; Dr. Mary Farquhar, clinic
supervisor; and Dr. Dorothy Hun
tington, assistant professor.
Juniors, seniors, and graduate
students in the speech therapy pro
gram work, as clinicians to supple
ment their classroom work. As such,
the Clinic serves as the out-patient
clinic of a medical school. The stu
dents also help in the- Children's
Health Council and the Rehabilita
tion Center in Palo Alto, with which
the Speech and Hearing Clinic is af
filiated.


CEREBRAL PALSIED CHILD IS TREATED
Classes for stutterers, cleft
palale patients, and deaf people
of all ages are but some of the
services offered by the Stanford
Speech and Hearing Clinic.
In their cubbyholes on the third
floor of the Knoll, Clinic staff and
student clinicians try to help local
people with all types of speech and
hearing defects to minimize or over
come their difficulties.
Though the majority of the en
rollment is composed of children,
Stanford students also take advan
tage of tho services, which are of
fered ffee of charge. They come for
treatment of articulation defects
such as stuttering, or voice difficul
ties such as too high or too raspy a
quality. A separate program is con
ducted for foreign students.
CHILDREN'S LESSONS
The children, who have individual
half - hour lessons twice a week,
come for a variety of complaints, in
volving cerebral palsy, cleft palate,
stuttering, damage to the speech
area of the brain, articulation, or
deafness. The clinicians help each
child according to his needs to cor
rect the speech difficulties, and
teach lip-reading to the deaf.
Enrollment this quarter is 109
cases, with a waiting list of approx
imately 50.
PATIENTS SENT
Local doctors often refer their pa
tients to the Clinic for hearing tests,
since the Clinic maintains accurate
testing equipment such as few of
fices have. The patient sits in a
sound-proof booth, while the tester
speaks from an adjoining room. For
adults, clinicians read a list of
words, but they test children's hear
ing by observing whether they will
obey simple orders involving the
toys that are given them.
The Clinic is a division ,of the
Speech and Drama Department. It
is sponsored by the Junior League.
Professional staff of the Clinic in
cludes Dr. Virgil Anderson, direc
tor; Dr. Hayes Newby, associate di
rector; Dr. Mary Farquhar, clinic
supervisor; and Dr. Dorothy Hun
tington, assistant professor.
Juniors, seniors, and graduate
students in the speech therapy pro
gram work, as clinicians to supple
ment their classroom work. As such,
the Clinic serves as the out-patient
clinic of a medical school. The stu
dents also help in the- Children's
Health Council and the Rehabilita
tion Center in Palo Alto, with which
the Speech and Hearing Clinic is af
filiated.


CEREBRAL PALSIED CHILD IS TREATED
Classes for stutterers, cleft
palale patients, and deaf people
of all ages are but some of the
services offered by the Stanford
Speech and Hearing Clinic.
In their cubbyholes on the third
floor of the Knoll, Clinic staff and
student clinicians try to help local
people with all types of speech and
hearing defects to minimize or over
come their difficulties.
Though the majority of the en
rollment is composed of children,
Stanford students also take advan
tage of tho services, which are of
fered ffee of charge. They come for
treatment of articulation defects
such as stuttering, or voice difficul
ties such as too high or too raspy a
quality. A separate program is con
ducted for foreign students.
CHILDREN'S LESSONS
The children, who have individual
half - hour lessons twice a week,
come for a variety of complaints, in
volving cerebral palsy, cleft palate,
stuttering, damage to the speech
area of the brain, articulation, or
deafness. The clinicians help each
child according to his needs to cor
rect the speech difficulties, and
teach lip-reading to the deaf.
Enrollment this quarter is 109
cases, with a waiting list of approx
imately 50.
PATIENTS SENT
Local doctors often refer their pa
tients to the Clinic for hearing tests,
since the Clinic maintains accurate
testing equipment such as few of
fices have. The patient sits in a
sound-proof booth, while the tester
speaks from an adjoining room. For
adults, clinicians read a list of
words, but they test children's hear
ing by observing whether they will
obey simple orders involving the
toys that are given them.
The Clinic is a division ,of the
Speech and Drama Department. It
is sponsored by the Junior League.
Professional staff of the Clinic in
cludes Dr. Virgil Anderson, direc
tor; Dr. Hayes Newby, associate di
rector; Dr. Mary Farquhar, clinic
supervisor; and Dr. Dorothy Hun
tington, assistant professor.
Juniors, seniors, and graduate
students in the speech therapy pro
gram work, as clinicians to supple
ment their classroom work. As such,
the Clinic serves as the out-patient
clinic of a medical school. The stu
dents also help in the- Children's
Health Council and the Rehabilita
tion Center in Palo Alto, with which
the Speech and Hearing Clinic is af
filiated.


CEREBRAL PALSIED CHILD IS TREATED
Classes for stutterers, cleft
palale patients, and deaf people
of all ages are but some of the
services offered by the Stanford
Speech and Hearing Clinic.
In their cubbyholes on the third
floor of the Knoll, Clinic staff and
student clinicians try to help local
people with all types of speech and
hearing defects to minimize or over
come their difficulties.
Though the majority of the en
rollment is composed of children,
Stanford students also take advan
tage of tho services, which are of
fered ffee of charge. They come for
treatment of articulation defects
such as stuttering, or voice difficul
ties such as too high or too raspy a
quality. A separate program is con
ducted for foreign students.
CHILDREN'S LESSONS
The children, who have individual
half - hour lessons twice a week,
come for a variety of complaints, in
volving cerebral palsy, cleft palate,
stuttering, damage to the speech
area of the brain, articulation, or
deafness. The clinicians help each
child according to his needs to cor
rect the speech difficulties, and
teach lip-reading to the deaf.
Enrollment this quarter is 109
cases, with a waiting list of approx
imately 50.
PATIENTS SENT
Local doctors often refer their pa
tients to the Clinic for hearing tests,
since the Clinic maintains accurate
testing equipment such as few of
fices have. The patient sits in a
sound-proof booth, while the tester
speaks from an adjoining room. For
adults, clinicians read a list of
words, but they test children's hear
ing by observing whether they will
obey simple orders involving the
toys that are given them.
The Clinic is a division ,of the
Speech and Drama Department. It
is sponsored by the Junior League.
Professional staff of the Clinic in
cludes Dr. Virgil Anderson, direc
tor; Dr. Hayes Newby, associate di
rector; Dr. Mary Farquhar, clinic
supervisor; and Dr. Dorothy Hun
tington, assistant professor.
Juniors, seniors, and graduate
students in the speech therapy pro
gram work, as clinicians to supple
ment their classroom work. As such,
the Clinic serves as the out-patient
clinic of a medical school. The stu
dents also help in the- Children's
Health Council and the Rehabilita
tion Center in Palo Alto, with which
the Speech and Hearing Clinic is af
filiated.


CEREBRAL PALSIED CHILD IS TREATED
