# Nigerian Official Talks at Bowman
## 
### 
Dr. Aliu Babatunde Fafunwa is
scheduled to speak at the Bowman
Alumni House under IIR sponsor
ship this Thursday.
Dr. Aliu Babatunde Fafunwa is
scheduled to speak at the Bowman
Alumni House under IIR sponsor
ship this Thursday.
Dr. Aliu Babatunde Fafunwa is
scheduled to speak at the Bowman
Alumni House under IIR sponsor
ship this Thursday.
Dr. Aliu Babatunde Fafunwa is
scheduled to speak at the Bowman
Alumni House under IIR sponsor
ship this Thursday.
Dr. Aliu Babatunde Fafunwa is
scheduled to speak at the Bowman
Alumni House under IIR sponsor
ship this Thursday.
Dr. Aliu Babatunde Fafunwa is
scheduled to speak at the Bowman
Alumni House under IIR sponsor
ship this Thursday.
Dr. Aliu Babatunde Fafunwa is
scheduled to speak at the Bowman
Alumni House under IIR sponsor
ship this Thursday.
Dr. Aliu Babatunde Fafunwa is
scheduled to speak at the Bowman
Alumni House under IIR sponsor
ship this Thursday.
Dr. Aliu Babatunde Fafunwa is
scheduled to speak at the Bowman
Alumni House under IIR sponsor
ship this Thursday.
Dr. Aliu Babatunde Fafunwa is
scheduled to speak at the Bowman
Alumni House under IIR sponsor
ship this Thursday.
Dr. Aliu Babatunde Fafunwa is
scheduled to speak at the Bowman
Alumni House under IIR sponsor
ship this Thursday.
Dr. Aliu Babatunde Fafunwa is
scheduled to speak at the Bowman
Alumni House under IIR sponsor
ship this Thursday.
Dr. Aliu Babatunde Fafunwa is
scheduled to speak at the Bowman
Alumni House under IIR sponsor
ship this Thursday.
Dr. Aliu Babatunde Fafunwa is
scheduled to speak at the Bowman
Alumni House under IIR sponsor
ship this Thursday.
Dr. Aliu Babatunde Fafunwa is
scheduled to speak at the Bowman
Alumni House under IIR sponsor
ship this Thursday.
