# FORTY MEN REPORT TO COACH MALONEY FOR SPRING SOCCER
## 
### 
Led by Captain-Elect Cy Farewell,
forty men have reported for spring
soccer practice under the direction of
Coach Harry W. Maloney, in anticipa
tion of a stiff schedule of practice
games, the annual soccer decathlon,
and the iuterclass soccer meets.
Training until after the California-
Stanford track meet, which is sched
uled for April 16. will comprise drill
in fundamentals, with the men divided
into groups for special work which
their positions on the team merit. Im
mediately following the track meet,
the work will be of more co-operative
effort, pointing to games, and the de
cathlon.
This annual event is open to all
University students, the winner of
which will be presented with a minia
ture gold soccer ball.
