# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The publications council at U.C. has
adopted a resolution to have a sepa
rate building for campus publications.
The publications council at U.C. has
adopted a resolution to have a sepa
rate building for campus publications.
The publications council at U.C. has
adopted a resolution to have a sepa
rate building for campus publications.
The publications council at U.C. has
adopted a resolution to have a sepa
rate building for campus publications.
The publications council at U.C. has
adopted a resolution to have a sepa
rate building for campus publications.
The publications council at U.C. has
adopted a resolution to have a sepa
rate building for campus publications.
The publications council at U.C. has
adopted a resolution to have a sepa
rate building for campus publications.
The publications council at U.C. has
adopted a resolution to have a sepa
rate building for campus publications.
The publications council at U.C. has
adopted a resolution to have a sepa
rate building for campus publications.
The publications council at U.C. has
adopted a resolution to have a sepa
rate building for campus publications.
The publications council at U.C. has
adopted a resolution to have a sepa
rate building for campus publications.
The publications council at U.C. has
adopted a resolution to have a sepa
rate building for campus publications.
The publications council at U.C. has
adopted a resolution to have a sepa
rate building for campus publications.
The publications council at U.C. has
adopted a resolution to have a sepa
rate building for campus publications.
The publications council at U.C. has
adopted a resolution to have a sepa
rate building for campus publications.
