# Fresno Stadium Capacity Enlarged for Coast Meet
## 
### 
Six thousand new seats have been
installed in the Fresno State College
stadium, bringing the seating capacity
to nearly 12,000 for the West Coast re
lays to be held April 30 in connection
with the annual raisin festival. Elabo
rate preparations are being made to
handle the five hundred athletes who
will come from universities, colleges,
clubs, and high schools to compete in
the meet.
Six thousand new seats have been
installed in the Fresno State College
stadium, bringing the seating capacity
to nearly 12,000 for the West Coast re
lays to be held April 30 in connection
with the annual raisin festival. Elabo
rate preparations are being made to
handle the five hundred athletes who
will come from universities, colleges,
clubs, and high schools to compete in
the meet.
Six thousand new seats have been
installed in the Fresno State College
stadium, bringing the seating capacity
to nearly 12,000 for the West Coast re
lays to be held April 30 in connection
with the annual raisin festival. Elabo
rate preparations are being made to
handle the five hundred athletes who
will come from universities, colleges,
clubs, and high schools to compete in
the meet.
Six thousand new seats have been
installed in the Fresno State College
stadium, bringing the seating capacity
to nearly 12,000 for the West Coast re
lays to be held April 30 in connection
with the annual raisin festival. Elabo
rate preparations are being made to
handle the five hundred athletes who
will come from universities, colleges,
clubs, and high schools to compete in
the meet.
Six thousand new seats have been
installed in the Fresno State College
stadium, bringing the seating capacity
to nearly 12,000 for the West Coast re
lays to be held April 30 in connection
with the annual raisin festival. Elabo
rate preparations are being made to
handle the five hundred athletes who
will come from universities, colleges,
clubs, and high schools to compete in
the meet.
Six thousand new seats have been
installed in the Fresno State College
stadium, bringing the seating capacity
to nearly 12,000 for the West Coast re
lays to be held April 30 in connection
with the annual raisin festival. Elabo
rate preparations are being made to
handle the five hundred athletes who
will come from universities, colleges,
clubs, and high schools to compete in
the meet.
Six thousand new seats have been
installed in the Fresno State College
stadium, bringing the seating capacity
to nearly 12,000 for the West Coast re
lays to be held April 30 in connection
with the annual raisin festival. Elabo
rate preparations are being made to
handle the five hundred athletes who
will come from universities, colleges,
clubs, and high schools to compete in
the meet.
Six thousand new seats have been
installed in the Fresno State College
stadium, bringing the seating capacity
to nearly 12,000 for the West Coast re
lays to be held April 30 in connection
with the annual raisin festival. Elabo
rate preparations are being made to
handle the five hundred athletes who
will come from universities, colleges,
clubs, and high schools to compete in
the meet.
Six thousand new seats have been
installed in the Fresno State College
stadium, bringing the seating capacity
to nearly 12,000 for the West Coast re
lays to be held April 30 in connection
with the annual raisin festival. Elabo
rate preparations are being made to
handle the five hundred athletes who
will come from universities, colleges,
clubs, and high schools to compete in
the meet.
Six thousand new seats have been
installed in the Fresno State College
stadium, bringing the seating capacity
to nearly 12,000 for the West Coast re
lays to be held April 30 in connection
with the annual raisin festival. Elabo
rate preparations are being made to
handle the five hundred athletes who
will come from universities, colleges,
clubs, and high schools to compete in
the meet.
Six thousand new seats have been
installed in the Fresno State College
stadium, bringing the seating capacity
to nearly 12,000 for the West Coast re
lays to be held April 30 in connection
with the annual raisin festival. Elabo
rate preparations are being made to
handle the five hundred athletes who
will come from universities, colleges,
clubs, and high schools to compete in
the meet.
Six thousand new seats have been
installed in the Fresno State College
stadium, bringing the seating capacity
to nearly 12,000 for the West Coast re
lays to be held April 30 in connection
with the annual raisin festival. Elabo
rate preparations are being made to
handle the five hundred athletes who
will come from universities, colleges,
clubs, and high schools to compete in
the meet.
Six thousand new seats have been
installed in the Fresno State College
stadium, bringing the seating capacity
to nearly 12,000 for the West Coast re
lays to be held April 30 in connection
with the annual raisin festival. Elabo
rate preparations are being made to
handle the five hundred athletes who
will come from universities, colleges,
clubs, and high schools to compete in
the meet.
Six thousand new seats have been
installed in the Fresno State College
stadium, bringing the seating capacity
to nearly 12,000 for the West Coast re
lays to be held April 30 in connection
with the annual raisin festival. Elabo
rate preparations are being made to
handle the five hundred athletes who
will come from universities, colleges,
clubs, and high schools to compete in
the meet.
Six thousand new seats have been
installed in the Fresno State College
stadium, bringing the seating capacity
to nearly 12,000 for the West Coast re
lays to be held April 30 in connection
with the annual raisin festival. Elabo
rate preparations are being made to
handle the five hundred athletes who
will come from universities, colleges,
clubs, and high schools to compete in
the meet.
