# UNLUCKY THIRTEEN SURRENDER SHEKELS TO POLICE COFFERS
## 
### 
Thirteen Stanford students had
the traditional bad luck Friday
afternoon when they paid a total
of $57.50 into the coffers of the
Palo Alto Police Court. The fifty
odd dollars were collected for in
fractions of the Motor Vehicle
Act which were unfortunately
witnessed by traffic officers.
Five students each contributed
a dollar, four of them for park
ing too long and the fifth for
parking in an alley. A motorist
from Roble added $2 for stopping
too near a fire hydrant. Two men
each paid a dollar for driving on
the sidewalk, while another, more
unfortunate, paid $2.50 for the
same offense. An open muffler
operating in the wrong district
was responsible for another line
of $1.
Speeding brought the heaviest
penalties, when three men each
wrote out $15 checks for driving
slightly faster than the law al
lows.
Thirteen Stanford students had
the traditional bad luck Friday
afternoon when they paid a total
of $57.50 into the coffers of the
Palo Alto Police Court. The fifty
odd dollars were collected for in
fractions of the Motor Vehicle
Act which were unfortunately
witnessed by traffic officers.
Five students each contributed
a dollar, four of them for park
ing too long and the fifth for
parking in an alley. A motorist
from Roble added $2 for stopping
too near a fire hydrant. Two men
each paid a dollar for driving on
the sidewalk, while another, more
unfortunate, paid $2.50 for the
same offense. An open muffler
operating in the wrong district
was responsible for another line
of $1.
Speeding brought the heaviest
penalties, when three men each
wrote out $15 checks for driving
slightly faster than the law al
lows.
Thirteen Stanford students had
the traditional bad luck Friday
afternoon when they paid a total
of $57.50 into the coffers of the
Palo Alto Police Court. The fifty
odd dollars were collected for in
fractions of the Motor Vehicle
Act which were unfortunately
witnessed by traffic officers.
Five students each contributed
a dollar, four of them for park
ing too long and the fifth for
parking in an alley. A motorist
from Roble added $2 for stopping
too near a fire hydrant. Two men
each paid a dollar for driving on
the sidewalk, while another, more
unfortunate, paid $2.50 for the
same offense. An open muffler
operating in the wrong district
was responsible for another line
of $1.
Speeding brought the heaviest
penalties, when three men each
wrote out $15 checks for driving
slightly faster than the law al
lows.
Thirteen Stanford students had
the traditional bad luck Friday
afternoon when they paid a total
of $57.50 into the coffers of the
Palo Alto Police Court. The fifty
odd dollars were collected for in
fractions of the Motor Vehicle
Act which were unfortunately
witnessed by traffic officers.
Five students each contributed
a dollar, four of them for park
ing too long and the fifth for
parking in an alley. A motorist
from Roble added $2 for stopping
too near a fire hydrant. Two men
each paid a dollar for driving on
the sidewalk, while another, more
unfortunate, paid $2.50 for the
same offense. An open muffler
operating in the wrong district
was responsible for another line
of $1.
Speeding brought the heaviest
penalties, when three men each
wrote out $15 checks for driving
slightly faster than the law al
lows.
Thirteen Stanford students had
the traditional bad luck Friday
afternoon when they paid a total
of $57.50 into the coffers of the
Palo Alto Police Court. The fifty
odd dollars were collected for in
fractions of the Motor Vehicle
Act which were unfortunately
witnessed by traffic officers.
Five students each contributed
a dollar, four of them for park
ing too long and the fifth for
parking in an alley. A motorist
from Roble added $2 for stopping
too near a fire hydrant. Two men
each paid a dollar for driving on
the sidewalk, while another, more
unfortunate, paid $2.50 for the
same offense. An open muffler
operating in the wrong district
was responsible for another line
of $1.
Speeding brought the heaviest
penalties, when three men each
wrote out $15 checks for driving
slightly faster than the law al
lows.
Thirteen Stanford students had
the traditional bad luck Friday
afternoon when they paid a total
of $57.50 into the coffers of the
Palo Alto Police Court. The fifty
odd dollars were collected for in
fractions of the Motor Vehicle
Act which were unfortunately
witnessed by traffic officers.
Five students each contributed
a dollar, four of them for park
ing too long and the fifth for
parking in an alley. A motorist
from Roble added $2 for stopping
too near a fire hydrant. Two men
each paid a dollar for driving on
the sidewalk, while another, more
unfortunate, paid $2.50 for the
same offense. An open muffler
operating in the wrong district
was responsible for another line
of $1.
Speeding brought the heaviest
penalties, when three men each
wrote out $15 checks for driving
slightly faster than the law al
lows.
Thirteen Stanford students had
the traditional bad luck Friday
afternoon when they paid a total
of $57.50 into the coffers of the
Palo Alto Police Court. The fifty
odd dollars were collected for in
fractions of the Motor Vehicle
Act which were unfortunately
witnessed by traffic officers.
Five students each contributed
a dollar, four of them for park
ing too long and the fifth for
parking in an alley. A motorist
from Roble added $2 for stopping
too near a fire hydrant. Two men
each paid a dollar for driving on
the sidewalk, while another, more
unfortunate, paid $2.50 for the
same offense. An open muffler
operating in the wrong district
was responsible for another line
of $1.
Speeding brought the heaviest
penalties, when three men each
wrote out $15 checks for driving
slightly faster than the law al
lows.
Thirteen Stanford students had
the traditional bad luck Friday
afternoon when they paid a total
of $57.50 into the coffers of the
Palo Alto Police Court. The fifty
odd dollars were collected for in
fractions of the Motor Vehicle
Act which were unfortunately
witnessed by traffic officers.
Five students each contributed
a dollar, four of them for park
ing too long and the fifth for
parking in an alley. A motorist
from Roble added $2 for stopping
too near a fire hydrant. Two men
each paid a dollar for driving on
the sidewalk, while another, more
unfortunate, paid $2.50 for the
same offense. An open muffler
operating in the wrong district
was responsible for another line
of $1.
Speeding brought the heaviest
penalties, when three men each
wrote out $15 checks for driving
slightly faster than the law al
lows.
Thirteen Stanford students had
the traditional bad luck Friday
afternoon when they paid a total
of $57.50 into the coffers of the
Palo Alto Police Court. The fifty
odd dollars were collected for in
fractions of the Motor Vehicle
Act which were unfortunately
witnessed by traffic officers.
Five students each contributed
a dollar, four of them for park
ing too long and the fifth for
parking in an alley. A motorist
from Roble added $2 for stopping
too near a fire hydrant. Two men
each paid a dollar for driving on
the sidewalk, while another, more
unfortunate, paid $2.50 for the
same offense. An open muffler
operating in the wrong district
was responsible for another line
of $1.
Speeding brought the heaviest
penalties, when three men each
wrote out $15 checks for driving
slightly faster than the law al
lows.
Thirteen Stanford students had
the traditional bad luck Friday
afternoon when they paid a total
of $57.50 into the coffers of the
Palo Alto Police Court. The fifty
odd dollars were collected for in
fractions of the Motor Vehicle
Act which were unfortunately
witnessed by traffic officers.
Five students each contributed
a dollar, four of them for park
ing too long and the fifth for
parking in an alley. A motorist
from Roble added $2 for stopping
too near a fire hydrant. Two men
each paid a dollar for driving on
the sidewalk, while another, more
unfortunate, paid $2.50 for the
same offense. An open muffler
operating in the wrong district
was responsible for another line
of $1.
Speeding brought the heaviest
penalties, when three men each
wrote out $15 checks for driving
slightly faster than the law al
lows.
Thirteen Stanford students had
the traditional bad luck Friday
afternoon when they paid a total
of $57.50 into the coffers of the
Palo Alto Police Court. The fifty
odd dollars were collected for in
fractions of the Motor Vehicle
Act which were unfortunately
witnessed by traffic officers.
Five students each contributed
a dollar, four of them for park
ing too long and the fifth for
parking in an alley. A motorist
from Roble added $2 for stopping
too near a fire hydrant. Two men
each paid a dollar for driving on
the sidewalk, while another, more
unfortunate, paid $2.50 for the
same offense. An open muffler
operating in the wrong district
was responsible for another line
of $1.
Speeding brought the heaviest
penalties, when three men each
wrote out $15 checks for driving
slightly faster than the law al
lows.
Thirteen Stanford students had
the traditional bad luck Friday
afternoon when they paid a total
of $57.50 into the coffers of the
Palo Alto Police Court. The fifty
odd dollars were collected for in
fractions of the Motor Vehicle
Act which were unfortunately
witnessed by traffic officers.
Five students each contributed
a dollar, four of them for park
ing too long and the fifth for
parking in an alley. A motorist
from Roble added $2 for stopping
too near a fire hydrant. Two men
each paid a dollar for driving on
the sidewalk, while another, more
unfortunate, paid $2.50 for the
same offense. An open muffler
operating in the wrong district
was responsible for another line
of $1.
Speeding brought the heaviest
penalties, when three men each
wrote out $15 checks for driving
slightly faster than the law al
lows.
Thirteen Stanford students had
the traditional bad luck Friday
afternoon when they paid a total
of $57.50 into the coffers of the
Palo Alto Police Court. The fifty
odd dollars were collected for in
fractions of the Motor Vehicle
Act which were unfortunately
witnessed by traffic officers.
Five students each contributed
a dollar, four of them for park
ing too long and the fifth for
parking in an alley. A motorist
from Roble added $2 for stopping
too near a fire hydrant. Two men
each paid a dollar for driving on
the sidewalk, while another, more
unfortunate, paid $2.50 for the
same offense. An open muffler
operating in the wrong district
was responsible for another line
of $1.
Speeding brought the heaviest
penalties, when three men each
wrote out $15 checks for driving
slightly faster than the law al
lows.
Thirteen Stanford students had
the traditional bad luck Friday
afternoon when they paid a total
of $57.50 into the coffers of the
Palo Alto Police Court. The fifty
odd dollars were collected for in
fractions of the Motor Vehicle
Act which were unfortunately
witnessed by traffic officers.
Five students each contributed
a dollar, four of them for park
ing too long and the fifth for
parking in an alley. A motorist
from Roble added $2 for stopping
too near a fire hydrant. Two men
each paid a dollar for driving on
the sidewalk, while another, more
unfortunate, paid $2.50 for the
same offense. An open muffler
operating in the wrong district
was responsible for another line
of $1.
Speeding brought the heaviest
penalties, when three men each
wrote out $15 checks for driving
slightly faster than the law al
lows.
Thirteen Stanford students had
the traditional bad luck Friday
afternoon when they paid a total
of $57.50 into the coffers of the
Palo Alto Police Court. The fifty
odd dollars were collected for in
fractions of the Motor Vehicle
Act which were unfortunately
witnessed by traffic officers.
Five students each contributed
a dollar, four of them for park
ing too long and the fifth for
parking in an alley. A motorist
from Roble added $2 for stopping
too near a fire hydrant. Two men
each paid a dollar for driving on
the sidewalk, while another, more
unfortunate, paid $2.50 for the
same offense. An open muffler
operating in the wrong district
was responsible for another line
of $1.
Speeding brought the heaviest
penalties, when three men each
wrote out $15 checks for driving
slightly faster than the law al
lows.
