# Stanford Dramatists Take Parts in Pendragon Plays
## 
### 
Nine people are included in the casts
of the four one-act plays to be given
by the Pendragon Players of Talo Alto
in the Palo Alto Union High School
auditorium, Friday evening. Professor
Percy A. Martin, Guido Marx, Oliver
Kisich, Elizabeth Wilbur. David Stol
lery, Kenneth McDougall, Albert
Brouse, Reidar Torjussen, and William
Bassett are the Stanford people ap
pearing in these plays.
Nine people are included in the casts
of the four one-act plays to be given
by the Pendragon Players of Talo Alto
in the Palo Alto Union High School
auditorium, Friday evening. Professor
Percy A. Martin, Guido Marx, Oliver
Kisich, Elizabeth Wilbur. David Stol
lery, Kenneth McDougall, Albert
Brouse, Reidar Torjussen, and William
Bassett are the Stanford people ap
pearing in these plays.
Nine people are included in the casts
of the four one-act plays to be given
by the Pendragon Players of Talo Alto
in the Palo Alto Union High School
auditorium, Friday evening. Professor
Percy A. Martin, Guido Marx, Oliver
Kisich, Elizabeth Wilbur. David Stol
lery, Kenneth McDougall, Albert
Brouse, Reidar Torjussen, and William
Bassett are the Stanford people ap
pearing in these plays.
Nine people are included in the casts
of the four one-act plays to be given
by the Pendragon Players of Talo Alto
in the Palo Alto Union High School
auditorium, Friday evening. Professor
Percy A. Martin, Guido Marx, Oliver
Kisich, Elizabeth Wilbur. David Stol
lery, Kenneth McDougall, Albert
Brouse, Reidar Torjussen, and William
Bassett are the Stanford people ap
pearing in these plays.
Nine people are included in the casts
of the four one-act plays to be given
by the Pendragon Players of Talo Alto
in the Palo Alto Union High School
auditorium, Friday evening. Professor
Percy A. Martin, Guido Marx, Oliver
Kisich, Elizabeth Wilbur. David Stol
lery, Kenneth McDougall, Albert
Brouse, Reidar Torjussen, and William
Bassett are the Stanford people ap
pearing in these plays.
Nine people are included in the casts
of the four one-act plays to be given
by the Pendragon Players of Talo Alto
in the Palo Alto Union High School
auditorium, Friday evening. Professor
Percy A. Martin, Guido Marx, Oliver
Kisich, Elizabeth Wilbur. David Stol
lery, Kenneth McDougall, Albert
Brouse, Reidar Torjussen, and William
Bassett are the Stanford people ap
pearing in these plays.
Nine people are included in the casts
of the four one-act plays to be given
by the Pendragon Players of Talo Alto
in the Palo Alto Union High School
auditorium, Friday evening. Professor
Percy A. Martin, Guido Marx, Oliver
Kisich, Elizabeth Wilbur. David Stol
lery, Kenneth McDougall, Albert
Brouse, Reidar Torjussen, and William
Bassett are the Stanford people ap
pearing in these plays.
Nine people are included in the casts
of the four one-act plays to be given
by the Pendragon Players of Talo Alto
in the Palo Alto Union High School
auditorium, Friday evening. Professor
Percy A. Martin, Guido Marx, Oliver
Kisich, Elizabeth Wilbur. David Stol
lery, Kenneth McDougall, Albert
Brouse, Reidar Torjussen, and William
Bassett are the Stanford people ap
pearing in these plays.
Nine people are included in the casts
of the four one-act plays to be given
by the Pendragon Players of Talo Alto
in the Palo Alto Union High School
auditorium, Friday evening. Professor
Percy A. Martin, Guido Marx, Oliver
Kisich, Elizabeth Wilbur. David Stol
lery, Kenneth McDougall, Albert
Brouse, Reidar Torjussen, and William
Bassett are the Stanford people ap
pearing in these plays.
Nine people are included in the casts
of the four one-act plays to be given
by the Pendragon Players of Talo Alto
in the Palo Alto Union High School
auditorium, Friday evening. Professor
Percy A. Martin, Guido Marx, Oliver
Kisich, Elizabeth Wilbur. David Stol
lery, Kenneth McDougall, Albert
Brouse, Reidar Torjussen, and William
Bassett are the Stanford people ap
pearing in these plays.
Nine people are included in the casts
of the four one-act plays to be given
by the Pendragon Players of Talo Alto
in the Palo Alto Union High School
auditorium, Friday evening. Professor
Percy A. Martin, Guido Marx, Oliver
Kisich, Elizabeth Wilbur. David Stol
lery, Kenneth McDougall, Albert
Brouse, Reidar Torjussen, and William
Bassett are the Stanford people ap
pearing in these plays.
Nine people are included in the casts
of the four one-act plays to be given
by the Pendragon Players of Talo Alto
in the Palo Alto Union High School
auditorium, Friday evening. Professor
Percy A. Martin, Guido Marx, Oliver
Kisich, Elizabeth Wilbur. David Stol
lery, Kenneth McDougall, Albert
Brouse, Reidar Torjussen, and William
Bassett are the Stanford people ap
pearing in these plays.
Nine people are included in the casts
of the four one-act plays to be given
by the Pendragon Players of Talo Alto
in the Palo Alto Union High School
auditorium, Friday evening. Professor
Percy A. Martin, Guido Marx, Oliver
Kisich, Elizabeth Wilbur. David Stol
lery, Kenneth McDougall, Albert
Brouse, Reidar Torjussen, and William
Bassett are the Stanford people ap
pearing in these plays.
Nine people are included in the casts
of the four one-act plays to be given
by the Pendragon Players of Talo Alto
in the Palo Alto Union High School
auditorium, Friday evening. Professor
Percy A. Martin, Guido Marx, Oliver
Kisich, Elizabeth Wilbur. David Stol
lery, Kenneth McDougall, Albert
Brouse, Reidar Torjussen, and William
Bassett are the Stanford people ap
pearing in these plays.
Nine people are included in the casts
of the four one-act plays to be given
by the Pendragon Players of Talo Alto
in the Palo Alto Union High School
auditorium, Friday evening. Professor
Percy A. Martin, Guido Marx, Oliver
Kisich, Elizabeth Wilbur. David Stol
lery, Kenneth McDougall, Albert
Brouse, Reidar Torjussen, and William
Bassett are the Stanford people ap
pearing in these plays.
