# Graduate Addresses Economics Club.
## 
### 
G. T. Cochran, '01, present State
Water Superintendent, of Oregon,
spoke last evening before the Eco
nomics Club on "Irrigation and Water
Rights."
G. T. Cochran, '01, present State
Water Superintendent, of Oregon,
spoke last evening before the Eco
nomics Club on "Irrigation and Water
Rights."
G. T. Cochran, '01, present State
Water Superintendent, of Oregon,
spoke last evening before the Eco
nomics Club on "Irrigation and Water
Rights."
G. T. Cochran, '01, present State
Water Superintendent, of Oregon,
spoke last evening before the Eco
nomics Club on "Irrigation and Water
Rights."
G. T. Cochran, '01, present State
Water Superintendent, of Oregon,
spoke last evening before the Eco
nomics Club on "Irrigation and Water
Rights."
G. T. Cochran, '01, present State
Water Superintendent, of Oregon,
spoke last evening before the Eco
nomics Club on "Irrigation and Water
Rights."
G. T. Cochran, '01, present State
Water Superintendent, of Oregon,
spoke last evening before the Eco
nomics Club on "Irrigation and Water
Rights."
G. T. Cochran, '01, present State
Water Superintendent, of Oregon,
spoke last evening before the Eco
nomics Club on "Irrigation and Water
Rights."
G. T. Cochran, '01, present State
Water Superintendent, of Oregon,
spoke last evening before the Eco
nomics Club on "Irrigation and Water
Rights."
G. T. Cochran, '01, present State
Water Superintendent, of Oregon,
spoke last evening before the Eco
nomics Club on "Irrigation and Water
Rights."
G. T. Cochran, '01, present State
Water Superintendent, of Oregon,
spoke last evening before the Eco
nomics Club on "Irrigation and Water
Rights."
G. T. Cochran, '01, present State
Water Superintendent, of Oregon,
spoke last evening before the Eco
nomics Club on "Irrigation and Water
Rights."
G. T. Cochran, '01, present State
Water Superintendent, of Oregon,
spoke last evening before the Eco
nomics Club on "Irrigation and Water
Rights."
G. T. Cochran, '01, present State
Water Superintendent, of Oregon,
spoke last evening before the Eco
nomics Club on "Irrigation and Water
Rights."
