# Cross to Publish Labor History.
## 
### 
Professor I. 15. Cross is soon to pub
lish a book entitled "The History of
Labor in California." The first two
chapters of the book were read before
a recent meeting of the Graduate Sem
inary in Economics.
Professor I. 15. Cross is soon to pub
lish a book entitled "The History of
Labor in California." The first two
chapters of the book were read before
a recent meeting of the Graduate Sem
inary in Economics.
Professor I. 15. Cross is soon to pub
lish a book entitled "The History of
Labor in California." The first two
chapters of the book were read before
a recent meeting of the Graduate Sem
inary in Economics.
Professor I. 15. Cross is soon to pub
lish a book entitled "The History of
Labor in California." The first two
chapters of the book were read before
a recent meeting of the Graduate Sem
inary in Economics.
Professor I. 15. Cross is soon to pub
lish a book entitled "The History of
Labor in California." The first two
chapters of the book were read before
a recent meeting of the Graduate Sem
inary in Economics.
Professor I. 15. Cross is soon to pub
lish a book entitled "The History of
Labor in California." The first two
chapters of the book were read before
a recent meeting of the Graduate Sem
inary in Economics.
Professor I. 15. Cross is soon to pub
lish a book entitled "The History of
Labor in California." The first two
chapters of the book were read before
a recent meeting of the Graduate Sem
inary in Economics.
Professor I. 15. Cross is soon to pub
lish a book entitled "The History of
Labor in California." The first two
chapters of the book were read before
a recent meeting of the Graduate Sem
inary in Economics.
Professor I. 15. Cross is soon to pub
lish a book entitled "The History of
Labor in California." The first two
chapters of the book were read before
a recent meeting of the Graduate Sem
inary in Economics.
Professor I. 15. Cross is soon to pub
lish a book entitled "The History of
Labor in California." The first two
chapters of the book were read before
a recent meeting of the Graduate Sem
inary in Economics.
Professor I. 15. Cross is soon to pub
lish a book entitled "The History of
Labor in California." The first two
chapters of the book were read before
a recent meeting of the Graduate Sem
inary in Economics.
Professor I. 15. Cross is soon to pub
lish a book entitled "The History of
Labor in California." The first two
chapters of the book were read before
a recent meeting of the Graduate Sem
inary in Economics.
Professor I. 15. Cross is soon to pub
lish a book entitled "The History of
Labor in California." The first two
chapters of the book were read before
a recent meeting of the Graduate Sem
inary in Economics.
Professor I. 15. Cross is soon to pub
lish a book entitled "The History of
Labor in California." The first two
chapters of the book were read before
a recent meeting of the Graduate Sem
inary in Economics.
