# UNDER THE WEATHER
## 
### 
Palo Alto Hospital—Gayle Plum
incr. Valdemar Olaguer, Jack Lau
derbach, Stephen Barnett, William
Tarr.
Women's Rest Home—No patients.
Men's Rest Ht> me—lan Reed, Rob
ert Morris, James Gordon, Gus
Chavalas, Soghrat Hakin, Thicl Sul
livan, Edward Leon, Larry Rey
nolds.
Isolation Hospital — Wallv White,
Lucicn Faust, Jo Anne Ball.
Palo Alto Hospital—Gayle Plum
incr. Valdemar Olaguer, Jack Lau
derbach, Stephen Barnett, William
Tarr.
Women's Rest Home—No patients.
Men's Rest Ht> me—lan Reed, Rob
ert Morris, James Gordon, Gus
Chavalas, Soghrat Hakin, Thicl Sul
livan, Edward Leon, Larry Rey
nolds.
Isolation Hospital — Wallv White,
Lucicn Faust, Jo Anne Ball.
Palo Alto Hospital—Gayle Plum
incr. Valdemar Olaguer, Jack Lau
derbach, Stephen Barnett, William
Tarr.
Women's Rest Home—No patients.
Men's Rest Ht> me—lan Reed, Rob
ert Morris, James Gordon, Gus
Chavalas, Soghrat Hakin, Thicl Sul
livan, Edward Leon, Larry Rey
nolds.
Isolation Hospital — Wallv White,
Lucicn Faust, Jo Anne Ball.
Palo Alto Hospital—Gayle Plum
incr. Valdemar Olaguer, Jack Lau
derbach, Stephen Barnett, William
Tarr.
Women's Rest Home—No patients.
Men's Rest Ht> me—lan Reed, Rob
ert Morris, James Gordon, Gus
Chavalas, Soghrat Hakin, Thicl Sul
livan, Edward Leon, Larry Rey
nolds.
Isolation Hospital — Wallv White,
Lucicn Faust, Jo Anne Ball.
Palo Alto Hospital—Gayle Plum
incr. Valdemar Olaguer, Jack Lau
derbach, Stephen Barnett, William
Tarr.
Women's Rest Home—No patients.
Men's Rest Ht> me—lan Reed, Rob
ert Morris, James Gordon, Gus
Chavalas, Soghrat Hakin, Thicl Sul
livan, Edward Leon, Larry Rey
nolds.
Isolation Hospital — Wallv White,
Lucicn Faust, Jo Anne Ball.
Palo Alto Hospital—Gayle Plum
incr. Valdemar Olaguer, Jack Lau
derbach, Stephen Barnett, William
Tarr.
Women's Rest Home—No patients.
Men's Rest Ht> me—lan Reed, Rob
ert Morris, James Gordon, Gus
Chavalas, Soghrat Hakin, Thicl Sul
livan, Edward Leon, Larry Rey
nolds.
Isolation Hospital — Wallv White,
Lucicn Faust, Jo Anne Ball.
Palo Alto Hospital—Gayle Plum
incr. Valdemar Olaguer, Jack Lau
derbach, Stephen Barnett, William
Tarr.
Women's Rest Home—No patients.
Men's Rest Ht> me—lan Reed, Rob
ert Morris, James Gordon, Gus
Chavalas, Soghrat Hakin, Thicl Sul
livan, Edward Leon, Larry Rey
nolds.
Isolation Hospital — Wallv White,
Lucicn Faust, Jo Anne Ball.
Palo Alto Hospital—Gayle Plum
incr. Valdemar Olaguer, Jack Lau
derbach, Stephen Barnett, William
Tarr.
Women's Rest Home—No patients.
Men's Rest Ht> me—lan Reed, Rob
ert Morris, James Gordon, Gus
Chavalas, Soghrat Hakin, Thicl Sul
livan, Edward Leon, Larry Rey
nolds.
Isolation Hospital — Wallv White,
Lucicn Faust, Jo Anne Ball.
Palo Alto Hospital—Gayle Plum
incr. Valdemar Olaguer, Jack Lau
derbach, Stephen Barnett, William
Tarr.
Women's Rest Home—No patients.
Men's Rest Ht> me—lan Reed, Rob
ert Morris, James Gordon, Gus
Chavalas, Soghrat Hakin, Thicl Sul
livan, Edward Leon, Larry Rey
nolds.
Isolation Hospital — Wallv White,
Lucicn Faust, Jo Anne Ball.
Palo Alto Hospital—Gayle Plum
incr. Valdemar Olaguer, Jack Lau
derbach, Stephen Barnett, William
Tarr.
Women's Rest Home—No patients.
Men's Rest Ht> me—lan Reed, Rob
ert Morris, James Gordon, Gus
Chavalas, Soghrat Hakin, Thicl Sul
livan, Edward Leon, Larry Rey
nolds.
Isolation Hospital — Wallv White,
Lucicn Faust, Jo Anne Ball.
Palo Alto Hospital—Gayle Plum
incr. Valdemar Olaguer, Jack Lau
derbach, Stephen Barnett, William
Tarr.
Women's Rest Home—No patients.
Men's Rest Ht> me—lan Reed, Rob
ert Morris, James Gordon, Gus
Chavalas, Soghrat Hakin, Thicl Sul
livan, Edward Leon, Larry Rey
nolds.
Isolation Hospital — Wallv White,
Lucicn Faust, Jo Anne Ball.
Palo Alto Hospital—Gayle Plum
incr. Valdemar Olaguer, Jack Lau
derbach, Stephen Barnett, William
Tarr.
Women's Rest Home—No patients.
Men's Rest Ht> me—lan Reed, Rob
ert Morris, James Gordon, Gus
Chavalas, Soghrat Hakin, Thicl Sul
livan, Edward Leon, Larry Rey
nolds.
Isolation Hospital — Wallv White,
Lucicn Faust, Jo Anne Ball.
Palo Alto Hospital—Gayle Plum
incr. Valdemar Olaguer, Jack Lau
derbach, Stephen Barnett, William
Tarr.
Women's Rest Home—No patients.
Men's Rest Ht> me—lan Reed, Rob
ert Morris, James Gordon, Gus
Chavalas, Soghrat Hakin, Thicl Sul
livan, Edward Leon, Larry Rey
nolds.
Isolation Hospital — Wallv White,
Lucicn Faust, Jo Anne Ball.
Palo Alto Hospital—Gayle Plum
incr. Valdemar Olaguer, Jack Lau
derbach, Stephen Barnett, William
Tarr.
Women's Rest Home—No patients.
Men's Rest Ht> me—lan Reed, Rob
ert Morris, James Gordon, Gus
Chavalas, Soghrat Hakin, Thicl Sul
livan, Edward Leon, Larry Rey
nolds.
Isolation Hospital — Wallv White,
Lucicn Faust, Jo Anne Ball.
Palo Alto Hospital—Gayle Plum
incr. Valdemar Olaguer, Jack Lau
derbach, Stephen Barnett, William
Tarr.
Women's Rest Home—No patients.
Men's Rest Ht> me—lan Reed, Rob
ert Morris, James Gordon, Gus
Chavalas, Soghrat Hakin, Thicl Sul
livan, Edward Leon, Larry Rey
nolds.
Isolation Hospital — Wallv White,
Lucicn Faust, Jo Anne Ball.
