# Untitled Article
## 
### 
All persons working in any ca- ,
pacity on the model United Na- i
tions will meet at the Geology cor
ner. Room 320, at 5 this afternoon, j
All persons working in any ca- ,
pacity on the model United Na- i
tions will meet at the Geology cor
ner. Room 320, at 5 this afternoon, j
All persons working in any ca- ,
pacity on the model United Na- i
tions will meet at the Geology cor
ner. Room 320, at 5 this afternoon, j
All persons working in any ca- ,
pacity on the model United Na- i
tions will meet at the Geology cor
ner. Room 320, at 5 this afternoon, j
All persons working in any ca- ,
pacity on the model United Na- i
tions will meet at the Geology cor
ner. Room 320, at 5 this afternoon, j
All persons working in any ca- ,
pacity on the model United Na- i
tions will meet at the Geology cor
ner. Room 320, at 5 this afternoon, j
All persons working in any ca- ,
pacity on the model United Na- i
tions will meet at the Geology cor
ner. Room 320, at 5 this afternoon, j
All persons working in any ca- ,
pacity on the model United Na- i
tions will meet at the Geology cor
ner. Room 320, at 5 this afternoon, j
All persons working in any ca- ,
pacity on the model United Na- i
tions will meet at the Geology cor
ner. Room 320, at 5 this afternoon, j
All persons working in any ca- ,
pacity on the model United Na- i
tions will meet at the Geology cor
ner. Room 320, at 5 this afternoon, j
All persons working in any ca- ,
pacity on the model United Na- i
tions will meet at the Geology cor
ner. Room 320, at 5 this afternoon, j
All persons working in any ca- ,
pacity on the model United Na- i
tions will meet at the Geology cor
ner. Room 320, at 5 this afternoon, j
All persons working in any ca- ,
pacity on the model United Na- i
tions will meet at the Geology cor
ner. Room 320, at 5 this afternoon, j
All persons working in any ca- ,
pacity on the model United Na- i
tions will meet at the Geology cor
ner. Room 320, at 5 this afternoon, j
All persons working in any ca- ,
pacity on the model United Na- i
tions will meet at the Geology cor
ner. Room 320, at 5 this afternoon, j
