# Billy Graham Here Sunday
## 
### 
The Ilcv. Billy Graham will
preach the sermon at the regular
morning service at Memorial
Church at 11 o'clock this Sunday.
His topic will be "Problems That
Science Has Not Solved." The
service will bo conducted by the
Rev. R.obert M. Minto, University
chaplain.
Owing to the great interest ox
pressed in the evangelist's visit,
special arrangements arc being
marie to insure preference being
given to Stanford faculty and stu
dents.
The church will bo open at 10
a.m. and the downstairs area will
be reserved for faculty and stu
dents. Only students will bo ad
mitted through the front doors,
and members of the faculty and
staff should use the vestry door
and the custodian's door at the
back of the church.
A few scats for the general
public are available in the gal
leries, which are reached through
the transept doors on cither side
of the church.
The Ilcv. Billy Graham will
preach the sermon at the regular
morning service at Memorial
Church at 11 o'clock this Sunday.
His topic will be "Problems That
Science Has Not Solved." The
service will bo conducted by the
Rev. R.obert M. Minto, University
chaplain.
Owing to the great interest ox
pressed in the evangelist's visit,
special arrangements arc being
marie to insure preference being
given to Stanford faculty and stu
dents.
The church will bo open at 10
a.m. and the downstairs area will
be reserved for faculty and stu
dents. Only students will bo ad
mitted through the front doors,
and members of the faculty and
staff should use the vestry door
and the custodian's door at the
back of the church.
A few scats for the general
public are available in the gal
leries, which are reached through
the transept doors on cither side
of the church.
The Ilcv. Billy Graham will
preach the sermon at the regular
morning service at Memorial
Church at 11 o'clock this Sunday.
His topic will be "Problems That
Science Has Not Solved." The
service will bo conducted by the
Rev. R.obert M. Minto, University
chaplain.
Owing to the great interest ox
pressed in the evangelist's visit,
special arrangements arc being
marie to insure preference being
given to Stanford faculty and stu
dents.
The church will bo open at 10
a.m. and the downstairs area will
be reserved for faculty and stu
dents. Only students will bo ad
mitted through the front doors,
and members of the faculty and
staff should use the vestry door
and the custodian's door at the
back of the church.
A few scats for the general
public are available in the gal
leries, which are reached through
the transept doors on cither side
of the church.
The Ilcv. Billy Graham will
preach the sermon at the regular
morning service at Memorial
Church at 11 o'clock this Sunday.
His topic will be "Problems That
Science Has Not Solved." The
service will bo conducted by the
Rev. R.obert M. Minto, University
chaplain.
Owing to the great interest ox
pressed in the evangelist's visit,
special arrangements arc being
marie to insure preference being
given to Stanford faculty and stu
dents.
The church will bo open at 10
a.m. and the downstairs area will
be reserved for faculty and stu
dents. Only students will bo ad
mitted through the front doors,
and members of the faculty and
staff should use the vestry door
and the custodian's door at the
back of the church.
A few scats for the general
public are available in the gal
leries, which are reached through
the transept doors on cither side
of the church.
The Ilcv. Billy Graham will
preach the sermon at the regular
morning service at Memorial
Church at 11 o'clock this Sunday.
His topic will be "Problems That
Science Has Not Solved." The
service will bo conducted by the
Rev. R.obert M. Minto, University
chaplain.
Owing to the great interest ox
pressed in the evangelist's visit,
special arrangements arc being
marie to insure preference being
given to Stanford faculty and stu
dents.
The church will bo open at 10
a.m. and the downstairs area will
be reserved for faculty and stu
dents. Only students will bo ad
mitted through the front doors,
and members of the faculty and
staff should use the vestry door
and the custodian's door at the
back of the church.
A few scats for the general
public are available in the gal
leries, which are reached through
the transept doors on cither side
of the church.
The Ilcv. Billy Graham will
preach the sermon at the regular
morning service at Memorial
Church at 11 o'clock this Sunday.
His topic will be "Problems That
Science Has Not Solved." The
service will bo conducted by the
Rev. R.obert M. Minto, University
chaplain.
Owing to the great interest ox
pressed in the evangelist's visit,
special arrangements arc being
marie to insure preference being
given to Stanford faculty and stu
dents.
The church will bo open at 10
a.m. and the downstairs area will
be reserved for faculty and stu
dents. Only students will bo ad
mitted through the front doors,
and members of the faculty and
staff should use the vestry door
and the custodian's door at the
back of the church.
A few scats for the general
public are available in the gal
leries, which are reached through
the transept doors on cither side
of the church.
The Ilcv. Billy Graham will
preach the sermon at the regular
morning service at Memorial
Church at 11 o'clock this Sunday.
His topic will be "Problems That
Science Has Not Solved." The
service will bo conducted by the
Rev. R.obert M. Minto, University
chaplain.
Owing to the great interest ox
pressed in the evangelist's visit,
special arrangements arc being
marie to insure preference being
given to Stanford faculty and stu
dents.
The church will bo open at 10
a.m. and the downstairs area will
be reserved for faculty and stu
dents. Only students will bo ad
mitted through the front doors,
and members of the faculty and
staff should use the vestry door
and the custodian's door at the
back of the church.
A few scats for the general
public are available in the gal
leries, which are reached through
the transept doors on cither side
of the church.
The Ilcv. Billy Graham will
preach the sermon at the regular
morning service at Memorial
Church at 11 o'clock this Sunday.
His topic will be "Problems That
Science Has Not Solved." The
service will bo conducted by the
Rev. R.obert M. Minto, University
chaplain.
Owing to the great interest ox
pressed in the evangelist's visit,
special arrangements arc being
marie to insure preference being
given to Stanford faculty and stu
dents.
The church will bo open at 10
a.m. and the downstairs area will
be reserved for faculty and stu
dents. Only students will bo ad
mitted through the front doors,
and members of the faculty and
staff should use the vestry door
and the custodian's door at the
back of the church.
A few scats for the general
public are available in the gal
leries, which are reached through
the transept doors on cither side
of the church.
The Ilcv. Billy Graham will
preach the sermon at the regular
morning service at Memorial
Church at 11 o'clock this Sunday.
His topic will be "Problems That
Science Has Not Solved." The
service will bo conducted by the
Rev. R.obert M. Minto, University
chaplain.
Owing to the great interest ox
pressed in the evangelist's visit,
special arrangements arc being
marie to insure preference being
given to Stanford faculty and stu
dents.
The church will bo open at 10
a.m. and the downstairs area will
be reserved for faculty and stu
dents. Only students will bo ad
mitted through the front doors,
and members of the faculty and
staff should use the vestry door
and the custodian's door at the
back of the church.
A few scats for the general
public are available in the gal
leries, which are reached through
the transept doors on cither side
of the church.
The Ilcv. Billy Graham will
preach the sermon at the regular
morning service at Memorial
Church at 11 o'clock this Sunday.
His topic will be "Problems That
Science Has Not Solved." The
service will bo conducted by the
Rev. R.obert M. Minto, University
chaplain.
Owing to the great interest ox
pressed in the evangelist's visit,
special arrangements arc being
marie to insure preference being
given to Stanford faculty and stu
dents.
The church will bo open at 10
a.m. and the downstairs area will
be reserved for faculty and stu
dents. Only students will bo ad
mitted through the front doors,
and members of the faculty and
staff should use the vestry door
and the custodian's door at the
back of the church.
A few scats for the general
public are available in the gal
leries, which are reached through
the transept doors on cither side
of the church.
The Ilcv. Billy Graham will
preach the sermon at the regular
morning service at Memorial
Church at 11 o'clock this Sunday.
His topic will be "Problems That
Science Has Not Solved." The
service will bo conducted by the
Rev. R.obert M. Minto, University
chaplain.
Owing to the great interest ox
pressed in the evangelist's visit,
special arrangements arc being
marie to insure preference being
given to Stanford faculty and stu
dents.
The church will bo open at 10
a.m. and the downstairs area will
be reserved for faculty and stu
dents. Only students will bo ad
mitted through the front doors,
and members of the faculty and
staff should use the vestry door
and the custodian's door at the
back of the church.
A few scats for the general
public are available in the gal
leries, which are reached through
the transept doors on cither side
of the church.
The Ilcv. Billy Graham will
preach the sermon at the regular
morning service at Memorial
Church at 11 o'clock this Sunday.
His topic will be "Problems That
Science Has Not Solved." The
service will bo conducted by the
Rev. R.obert M. Minto, University
chaplain.
Owing to the great interest ox
pressed in the evangelist's visit,
special arrangements arc being
marie to insure preference being
given to Stanford faculty and stu
dents.
The church will bo open at 10
a.m. and the downstairs area will
be reserved for faculty and stu
dents. Only students will bo ad
mitted through the front doors,
and members of the faculty and
staff should use the vestry door
and the custodian's door at the
back of the church.
A few scats for the general
public are available in the gal
leries, which are reached through
the transept doors on cither side
of the church.
The Ilcv. Billy Graham will
preach the sermon at the regular
morning service at Memorial
Church at 11 o'clock this Sunday.
His topic will be "Problems That
Science Has Not Solved." The
service will bo conducted by the
Rev. R.obert M. Minto, University
chaplain.
Owing to the great interest ox
pressed in the evangelist's visit,
special arrangements arc being
marie to insure preference being
given to Stanford faculty and stu
dents.
The church will bo open at 10
a.m. and the downstairs area will
be reserved for faculty and stu
dents. Only students will bo ad
mitted through the front doors,
and members of the faculty and
staff should use the vestry door
and the custodian's door at the
back of the church.
A few scats for the general
public are available in the gal
leries, which are reached through
the transept doors on cither side
of the church.
The Ilcv. Billy Graham will
preach the sermon at the regular
morning service at Memorial
Church at 11 o'clock this Sunday.
His topic will be "Problems That
Science Has Not Solved." The
service will bo conducted by the
Rev. R.obert M. Minto, University
chaplain.
Owing to the great interest ox
pressed in the evangelist's visit,
special arrangements arc being
marie to insure preference being
given to Stanford faculty and stu
dents.
The church will bo open at 10
a.m. and the downstairs area will
be reserved for faculty and stu
dents. Only students will bo ad
mitted through the front doors,
and members of the faculty and
staff should use the vestry door
and the custodian's door at the
back of the church.
A few scats for the general
public are available in the gal
leries, which are reached through
the transept doors on cither side
of the church.
The Ilcv. Billy Graham will
preach the sermon at the regular
morning service at Memorial
Church at 11 o'clock this Sunday.
His topic will be "Problems That
Science Has Not Solved." The
service will bo conducted by the
Rev. R.obert M. Minto, University
chaplain.
Owing to the great interest ox
pressed in the evangelist's visit,
special arrangements arc being
marie to insure preference being
given to Stanford faculty and stu
dents.
The church will bo open at 10
a.m. and the downstairs area will
be reserved for faculty and stu
dents. Only students will bo ad
mitted through the front doors,
and members of the faculty and
staff should use the vestry door
and the custodian's door at the
back of the church.
A few scats for the general
public are available in the gal
leries, which are reached through
the transept doors on cither side
of the church.
The Ilcv. Billy Graham will
preach the sermon at the regular
morning service at Memorial
Church at 11 o'clock this Sunday.
His topic will be "Problems That
Science Has Not Solved." The
service will bo conducted by the
Rev. R.obert M. Minto, University
chaplain.
Owing to the great interest ox
pressed in the evangelist's visit,
special arrangements arc being
marie to insure preference being
given to Stanford faculty and stu
dents.
The church will bo open at 10
a.m. and the downstairs area will
be reserved for faculty and stu
dents. Only students will bo ad
mitted through the front doors,
and members of the faculty and
staff should use the vestry door
and the custodian's door at the
back of the church.
A few scats for the general
public are available in the gal
leries, which are reached through
the transept doors on cither side
of the church.
The Ilcv. Billy Graham will
preach the sermon at the regular
morning service at Memorial
Church at 11 o'clock this Sunday.
His topic will be "Problems That
Science Has Not Solved." The
service will bo conducted by the
Rev. R.obert M. Minto, University
chaplain.
Owing to the great interest ox
pressed in the evangelist's visit,
special arrangements arc being
marie to insure preference being
given to Stanford faculty and stu
dents.
The church will bo open at 10
a.m. and the downstairs area will
be reserved for faculty and stu
dents. Only students will bo ad
mitted through the front doors,
and members of the faculty and
staff should use the vestry door
and the custodian's door at the
back of the church.
A few scats for the general
public are available in the gal
leries, which are reached through
the transept doors on cither side
of the church.
