# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Caroline Card, '60,
to William L. Lund, Sigma Chi,
'57.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Caroline Card, '60,
to William L. Lund, Sigma Chi,
'57.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Caroline Card, '60,
to William L. Lund, Sigma Chi,
'57.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Caroline Card, '60,
to William L. Lund, Sigma Chi,
'57.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Caroline Card, '60,
to William L. Lund, Sigma Chi,
'57.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Caroline Card, '60,
to William L. Lund, Sigma Chi,
'57.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Caroline Card, '60,
to William L. Lund, Sigma Chi,
'57.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Caroline Card, '60,
to William L. Lund, Sigma Chi,
'57.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Caroline Card, '60,
to William L. Lund, Sigma Chi,
'57.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Caroline Card, '60,
to William L. Lund, Sigma Chi,
'57.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Caroline Card, '60,
to William L. Lund, Sigma Chi,
'57.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Caroline Card, '60,
to William L. Lund, Sigma Chi,
'57.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Caroline Card, '60,
to William L. Lund, Sigma Chi,
'57.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Caroline Card, '60,
to William L. Lund, Sigma Chi,
'57.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Caroline Card, '60,
to William L. Lund, Sigma Chi,
'57.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Caroline Card, '60,
to William L. Lund, Sigma Chi,
'57.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Caroline Card, '60,
to William L. Lund, Sigma Chi,
'57.
