# News from the Track.
## 
### 
A. S. Henley, '04, who wan ex
pected to get a second place in the
broad jump and to carry off first
in the high, is laid up with the
measles and will not be able to do
any further training before the
iield-day. It is extremely doubt
ful whether he will be able to enter
the contest at all.
The remainder of the squad is
showing gradual improvement, and
the frequent trials in the sprints
and distance give promise of fast
time on the 18th. Smith, '03, who
has not been up to his usual stan
dard so far this season, is coming
rapidly into shape and will un
doubtedly be able to put up a bet
ter race ten clays from now than
will Dunn, who won from Smith
in the interclass meet.
A. S. Henley, '04, who wan ex
pected to get a second place in the
broad jump and to carry off first
in the high, is laid up with the
measles and will not be able to do
any further training before the
iield-day. It is extremely doubt
ful whether he will be able to enter
the contest at all.
The remainder of the squad is
showing gradual improvement, and
the frequent trials in the sprints
and distance give promise of fast
time on the 18th. Smith, '03, who
has not been up to his usual stan
dard so far this season, is coming
rapidly into shape and will un
doubtedly be able to put up a bet
ter race ten clays from now than
will Dunn, who won from Smith
in the interclass meet.
A. S. Henley, '04, who wan ex
pected to get a second place in the
broad jump and to carry off first
in the high, is laid up with the
measles and will not be able to do
any further training before the
iield-day. It is extremely doubt
ful whether he will be able to enter
the contest at all.
The remainder of the squad is
showing gradual improvement, and
the frequent trials in the sprints
and distance give promise of fast
time on the 18th. Smith, '03, who
has not been up to his usual stan
dard so far this season, is coming
rapidly into shape and will un
doubtedly be able to put up a bet
ter race ten clays from now than
will Dunn, who won from Smith
in the interclass meet.
A. S. Henley, '04, who wan ex
pected to get a second place in the
broad jump and to carry off first
in the high, is laid up with the
measles and will not be able to do
any further training before the
iield-day. It is extremely doubt
ful whether he will be able to enter
the contest at all.
The remainder of the squad is
showing gradual improvement, and
the frequent trials in the sprints
and distance give promise of fast
time on the 18th. Smith, '03, who
has not been up to his usual stan
dard so far this season, is coming
rapidly into shape and will un
doubtedly be able to put up a bet
ter race ten clays from now than
will Dunn, who won from Smith
in the interclass meet.
A. S. Henley, '04, who wan ex
pected to get a second place in the
broad jump and to carry off first
in the high, is laid up with the
measles and will not be able to do
any further training before the
iield-day. It is extremely doubt
ful whether he will be able to enter
the contest at all.
The remainder of the squad is
showing gradual improvement, and
the frequent trials in the sprints
and distance give promise of fast
time on the 18th. Smith, '03, who
has not been up to his usual stan
dard so far this season, is coming
rapidly into shape and will un
doubtedly be able to put up a bet
ter race ten clays from now than
will Dunn, who won from Smith
in the interclass meet.
A. S. Henley, '04, who wan ex
pected to get a second place in the
broad jump and to carry off first
in the high, is laid up with the
measles and will not be able to do
any further training before the
iield-day. It is extremely doubt
ful whether he will be able to enter
the contest at all.
The remainder of the squad is
showing gradual improvement, and
the frequent trials in the sprints
and distance give promise of fast
time on the 18th. Smith, '03, who
has not been up to his usual stan
dard so far this season, is coming
rapidly into shape and will un
doubtedly be able to put up a bet
ter race ten clays from now than
will Dunn, who won from Smith
in the interclass meet.
A. S. Henley, '04, who wan ex
pected to get a second place in the
broad jump and to carry off first
in the high, is laid up with the
measles and will not be able to do
any further training before the
iield-day. It is extremely doubt
ful whether he will be able to enter
the contest at all.
The remainder of the squad is
showing gradual improvement, and
the frequent trials in the sprints
and distance give promise of fast
time on the 18th. Smith, '03, who
has not been up to his usual stan
dard so far this season, is coming
rapidly into shape and will un
doubtedly be able to put up a bet
ter race ten clays from now than
will Dunn, who won from Smith
in the interclass meet.
