# Adv. 21 Page 6
## 
### 
EFFECTIVE READINC
The class in KFFECTIVE
READING offered by
Counseling and Psychological
Services, will meet Tuesday
and Thursday evenings, 7 to 9
p.m. in Room E-15, School of
Education.
The First meeting will be
Tuesday, 17 April. The Course
meets over a period of six
weeks, comprising 24 hours of
instruction. Open to staff and
faculty as well as students, the
course utilizes a combination
of instruction and practice to
help people who are basically
good readers develop both
speed and comprehension
No academic credit is offered
for this class.
The fee ($25 for student, $50
for others) covers in
structional costs and all
materials used in the class.
EFFECTIVE READINC
The class in KFFECTIVE
READING offered by
Counseling and Psychological
Services, will meet Tuesday
and Thursday evenings, 7 to 9
p.m. in Room E-15, School of
Education.
The First meeting will be
Tuesday, 17 April. The Course
meets over a period of six
weeks, comprising 24 hours of
instruction. Open to staff and
faculty as well as students, the
course utilizes a combination
of instruction and practice to
help people who are basically
good readers develop both
speed and comprehension
No academic credit is offered
for this class.
The fee ($25 for student, $50
for others) covers in
structional costs and all
materials used in the class.
EFFECTIVE READINC
The class in KFFECTIVE
READING offered by
Counseling and Psychological
Services, will meet Tuesday
and Thursday evenings, 7 to 9
p.m. in Room E-15, School of
Education.
The First meeting will be
Tuesday, 17 April. The Course
meets over a period of six
weeks, comprising 24 hours of
instruction. Open to staff and
faculty as well as students, the
course utilizes a combination
of instruction and practice to
help people who are basically
good readers develop both
speed and comprehension
No academic credit is offered
for this class.
The fee ($25 for student, $50
for others) covers in
structional costs and all
materials used in the class.
EFFECTIVE READINC
The class in KFFECTIVE
READING offered by
Counseling and Psychological
Services, will meet Tuesday
and Thursday evenings, 7 to 9
p.m. in Room E-15, School of
Education.
The First meeting will be
Tuesday, 17 April. The Course
meets over a period of six
weeks, comprising 24 hours of
instruction. Open to staff and
faculty as well as students, the
course utilizes a combination
of instruction and practice to
help people who are basically
good readers develop both
speed and comprehension
No academic credit is offered
for this class.
The fee ($25 for student, $50
for others) covers in
structional costs and all
materials used in the class.
EFFECTIVE READINC
The class in KFFECTIVE
READING offered by
Counseling and Psychological
Services, will meet Tuesday
and Thursday evenings, 7 to 9
p.m. in Room E-15, School of
Education.
The First meeting will be
Tuesday, 17 April. The Course
meets over a period of six
weeks, comprising 24 hours of
instruction. Open to staff and
faculty as well as students, the
course utilizes a combination
of instruction and practice to
help people who are basically
good readers develop both
speed and comprehension
No academic credit is offered
for this class.
The fee ($25 for student, $50
for others) covers in
structional costs and all
materials used in the class.
EFFECTIVE READINC
The class in KFFECTIVE
READING offered by
Counseling and Psychological
Services, will meet Tuesday
and Thursday evenings, 7 to 9
p.m. in Room E-15, School of
Education.
The First meeting will be
Tuesday, 17 April. The Course
meets over a period of six
weeks, comprising 24 hours of
instruction. Open to staff and
faculty as well as students, the
course utilizes a combination
of instruction and practice to
help people who are basically
good readers develop both
speed and comprehension
No academic credit is offered
for this class.
The fee ($25 for student, $50
for others) covers in
structional costs and all
materials used in the class.
EFFECTIVE READINC
The class in KFFECTIVE
READING offered by
Counseling and Psychological
Services, will meet Tuesday
and Thursday evenings, 7 to 9
p.m. in Room E-15, School of
Education.
The First meeting will be
Tuesday, 17 April. The Course
meets over a period of six
weeks, comprising 24 hours of
instruction. Open to staff and
faculty as well as students, the
course utilizes a combination
of instruction and practice to
help people who are basically
good readers develop both
speed and comprehension
No academic credit is offered
for this class.
The fee ($25 for student, $50
for others) covers in
structional costs and all
materials used in the class.
EFFECTIVE READINC
The class in KFFECTIVE
READING offered by
Counseling and Psychological
Services, will meet Tuesday
and Thursday evenings, 7 to 9
p.m. in Room E-15, School of
Education.
The First meeting will be
Tuesday, 17 April. The Course
meets over a period of six
weeks, comprising 24 hours of
instruction. Open to staff and
faculty as well as students, the
course utilizes a combination
of instruction and practice to
help people who are basically
good readers develop both
speed and comprehension
No academic credit is offered
for this class.
The fee ($25 for student, $50
for others) covers in
structional costs and all
materials used in the class.
EFFECTIVE READINC
The class in KFFECTIVE
READING offered by
Counseling and Psychological
Services, will meet Tuesday
and Thursday evenings, 7 to 9
p.m. in Room E-15, School of
Education.
The First meeting will be
Tuesday, 17 April. The Course
meets over a period of six
weeks, comprising 24 hours of
instruction. Open to staff and
faculty as well as students, the
course utilizes a combination
of instruction and practice to
help people who are basically
good readers develop both
speed and comprehension
No academic credit is offered
for this class.
The fee ($25 for student, $50
for others) covers in
structional costs and all
materials used in the class.
EFFECTIVE READINC
The class in KFFECTIVE
READING offered by
Counseling and Psychological
Services, will meet Tuesday
and Thursday evenings, 7 to 9
p.m. in Room E-15, School of
Education.
The First meeting will be
Tuesday, 17 April. The Course
meets over a period of six
weeks, comprising 24 hours of
instruction. Open to staff and
faculty as well as students, the
course utilizes a combination
of instruction and practice to
help people who are basically
good readers develop both
speed and comprehension
No academic credit is offered
for this class.
The fee ($25 for student, $50
for others) covers in
structional costs and all
materials used in the class.
EFFECTIVE READINC
The class in KFFECTIVE
READING offered by
Counseling and Psychological
Services, will meet Tuesday
and Thursday evenings, 7 to 9
p.m. in Room E-15, School of
Education.
The First meeting will be
Tuesday, 17 April. The Course
meets over a period of six
weeks, comprising 24 hours of
instruction. Open to staff and
faculty as well as students, the
course utilizes a combination
of instruction and practice to
help people who are basically
good readers develop both
speed and comprehension
No academic credit is offered
for this class.
The fee ($25 for student, $50
for others) covers in
structional costs and all
materials used in the class.
EFFECTIVE READINC
The class in KFFECTIVE
READING offered by
Counseling and Psychological
Services, will meet Tuesday
and Thursday evenings, 7 to 9
p.m. in Room E-15, School of
Education.
The First meeting will be
Tuesday, 17 April. The Course
meets over a period of six
weeks, comprising 24 hours of
instruction. Open to staff and
faculty as well as students, the
course utilizes a combination
of instruction and practice to
help people who are basically
good readers develop both
speed and comprehension
No academic credit is offered
for this class.
The fee ($25 for student, $50
for others) covers in
structional costs and all
materials used in the class.
EFFECTIVE READINC
The class in KFFECTIVE
READING offered by
Counseling and Psychological
Services, will meet Tuesday
and Thursday evenings, 7 to 9
p.m. in Room E-15, School of
Education.
The First meeting will be
Tuesday, 17 April. The Course
meets over a period of six
weeks, comprising 24 hours of
instruction. Open to staff and
faculty as well as students, the
course utilizes a combination
of instruction and practice to
help people who are basically
good readers develop both
speed and comprehension
No academic credit is offered
for this class.
The fee ($25 for student, $50
for others) covers in
structional costs and all
materials used in the class.
EFFECTIVE READINC
The class in KFFECTIVE
READING offered by
Counseling and Psychological
Services, will meet Tuesday
and Thursday evenings, 7 to 9
p.m. in Room E-15, School of
Education.
The First meeting will be
Tuesday, 17 April. The Course
meets over a period of six
weeks, comprising 24 hours of
instruction. Open to staff and
faculty as well as students, the
course utilizes a combination
of instruction and practice to
help people who are basically
good readers develop both
speed and comprehension
No academic credit is offered
for this class.
The fee ($25 for student, $50
for others) covers in
structional costs and all
materials used in the class.
