# FOREIGN STUDENTS DINE
## 
### 
Foreign students living in the
Village will hold a supper meeting
tonight at 6 in the Pink Room.
Ayeda Kirinkul of Siam and Yusuf
Dadafhay of South Africa will be
speakers. The meetings are held
every Tuesday, and a. program of
short talks by representatives from
different countries has been ar
ranged by the social committee.
Foreign students living in the
Village will hold a supper meeting
tonight at 6 in the Pink Room.
Ayeda Kirinkul of Siam and Yusuf
Dadafhay of South Africa will be
speakers. The meetings are held
every Tuesday, and a. program of
short talks by representatives from
different countries has been ar
ranged by the social committee.
Foreign students living in the
Village will hold a supper meeting
tonight at 6 in the Pink Room.
Ayeda Kirinkul of Siam and Yusuf
Dadafhay of South Africa will be
speakers. The meetings are held
every Tuesday, and a. program of
short talks by representatives from
different countries has been ar
ranged by the social committee.
Foreign students living in the
Village will hold a supper meeting
tonight at 6 in the Pink Room.
Ayeda Kirinkul of Siam and Yusuf
Dadafhay of South Africa will be
speakers. The meetings are held
every Tuesday, and a. program of
short talks by representatives from
different countries has been ar
ranged by the social committee.
Foreign students living in the
Village will hold a supper meeting
tonight at 6 in the Pink Room.
Ayeda Kirinkul of Siam and Yusuf
Dadafhay of South Africa will be
speakers. The meetings are held
every Tuesday, and a. program of
short talks by representatives from
different countries has been ar
ranged by the social committee.
Foreign students living in the
Village will hold a supper meeting
tonight at 6 in the Pink Room.
Ayeda Kirinkul of Siam and Yusuf
Dadafhay of South Africa will be
speakers. The meetings are held
every Tuesday, and a. program of
short talks by representatives from
different countries has been ar
ranged by the social committee.
Foreign students living in the
Village will hold a supper meeting
tonight at 6 in the Pink Room.
Ayeda Kirinkul of Siam and Yusuf
Dadafhay of South Africa will be
speakers. The meetings are held
every Tuesday, and a. program of
short talks by representatives from
different countries has been ar
ranged by the social committee.
Foreign students living in the
Village will hold a supper meeting
tonight at 6 in the Pink Room.
Ayeda Kirinkul of Siam and Yusuf
Dadafhay of South Africa will be
speakers. The meetings are held
every Tuesday, and a. program of
short talks by representatives from
different countries has been ar
ranged by the social committee.
Foreign students living in the
Village will hold a supper meeting
tonight at 6 in the Pink Room.
Ayeda Kirinkul of Siam and Yusuf
Dadafhay of South Africa will be
speakers. The meetings are held
every Tuesday, and a. program of
short talks by representatives from
different countries has been ar
ranged by the social committee.
Foreign students living in the
Village will hold a supper meeting
tonight at 6 in the Pink Room.
Ayeda Kirinkul of Siam and Yusuf
Dadafhay of South Africa will be
speakers. The meetings are held
every Tuesday, and a. program of
short talks by representatives from
different countries has been ar
ranged by the social committee.
Foreign students living in the
Village will hold a supper meeting
tonight at 6 in the Pink Room.
Ayeda Kirinkul of Siam and Yusuf
Dadafhay of South Africa will be
speakers. The meetings are held
every Tuesday, and a. program of
short talks by representatives from
different countries has been ar
ranged by the social committee.
Foreign students living in the
Village will hold a supper meeting
tonight at 6 in the Pink Room.
Ayeda Kirinkul of Siam and Yusuf
Dadafhay of South Africa will be
speakers. The meetings are held
every Tuesday, and a. program of
short talks by representatives from
different countries has been ar
ranged by the social committee.
Foreign students living in the
Village will hold a supper meeting
tonight at 6 in the Pink Room.
Ayeda Kirinkul of Siam and Yusuf
Dadafhay of South Africa will be
speakers. The meetings are held
every Tuesday, and a. program of
short talks by representatives from
different countries has been ar
ranged by the social committee.
Foreign students living in the
Village will hold a supper meeting
tonight at 6 in the Pink Room.
Ayeda Kirinkul of Siam and Yusuf
Dadafhay of South Africa will be
speakers. The meetings are held
every Tuesday, and a. program of
short talks by representatives from
different countries has been ar
ranged by the social committee.
Foreign students living in the
Village will hold a supper meeting
tonight at 6 in the Pink Room.
Ayeda Kirinkul of Siam and Yusuf
Dadafhay of South Africa will be
speakers. The meetings are held
every Tuesday, and a. program of
short talks by representatives from
different countries has been ar
ranged by the social committee.
Foreign students living in the
Village will hold a supper meeting
tonight at 6 in the Pink Room.
Ayeda Kirinkul of Siam and Yusuf
Dadafhay of South Africa will be
speakers. The meetings are held
every Tuesday, and a. program of
short talks by representatives from
different countries has been ar
ranged by the social committee.
