# Farm Art Gallery Shows U.S. Houses
## 
### 
"Houses, U.S.A.," a three - cen
tury survey of American homes,
will open at the Art Gallery to
morrow. The show contains over
100 blown-up photographs from a
Life Magazine exhibit tracing
American architecture from stately
Colonial to functional modern.
Seventeenth - century maps and
building forms, altered to conform
to climate and materials in the New
World, prelude a review of Colonial
style illustrated by the work of
four leading architects of the pe
riod—Mclntire, Bulfinch, Jefferson,
and Latrobe. Nineteenth- and 20th
century styles are shown in the
work of Richardson, Sullivan, and
Wright.
"Gallery Talks" on the current
exhibit will be given by Ray Faulk
ner at 4:15 p.m. Dec. 2, and Victor
Thompson at 4:15 p.m. Dec. 8.
"Houses, U.S.A.," a three - cen
tury survey of American homes,
will open at the Art Gallery to
morrow. The show contains over
100 blown-up photographs from a
Life Magazine exhibit tracing
American architecture from stately
Colonial to functional modern.
Seventeenth - century maps and
building forms, altered to conform
to climate and materials in the New
World, prelude a review of Colonial
style illustrated by the work of
four leading architects of the pe
riod—Mclntire, Bulfinch, Jefferson,
and Latrobe. Nineteenth- and 20th
century styles are shown in the
work of Richardson, Sullivan, and
Wright.
"Gallery Talks" on the current
exhibit will be given by Ray Faulk
ner at 4:15 p.m. Dec. 2, and Victor
Thompson at 4:15 p.m. Dec. 8.
"Houses, U.S.A.," a three - cen
tury survey of American homes,
will open at the Art Gallery to
morrow. The show contains over
100 blown-up photographs from a
Life Magazine exhibit tracing
American architecture from stately
Colonial to functional modern.
Seventeenth - century maps and
building forms, altered to conform
to climate and materials in the New
World, prelude a review of Colonial
style illustrated by the work of
four leading architects of the pe
riod—Mclntire, Bulfinch, Jefferson,
and Latrobe. Nineteenth- and 20th
century styles are shown in the
work of Richardson, Sullivan, and
Wright.
"Gallery Talks" on the current
exhibit will be given by Ray Faulk
ner at 4:15 p.m. Dec. 2, and Victor
Thompson at 4:15 p.m. Dec. 8.
"Houses, U.S.A.," a three - cen
tury survey of American homes,
will open at the Art Gallery to
morrow. The show contains over
100 blown-up photographs from a
Life Magazine exhibit tracing
American architecture from stately
Colonial to functional modern.
Seventeenth - century maps and
building forms, altered to conform
to climate and materials in the New
World, prelude a review of Colonial
style illustrated by the work of
four leading architects of the pe
riod—Mclntire, Bulfinch, Jefferson,
and Latrobe. Nineteenth- and 20th
century styles are shown in the
work of Richardson, Sullivan, and
Wright.
"Gallery Talks" on the current
exhibit will be given by Ray Faulk
ner at 4:15 p.m. Dec. 2, and Victor
Thompson at 4:15 p.m. Dec. 8.
"Houses, U.S.A.," a three - cen
tury survey of American homes,
will open at the Art Gallery to
morrow. The show contains over
100 blown-up photographs from a
Life Magazine exhibit tracing
American architecture from stately
Colonial to functional modern.
Seventeenth - century maps and
building forms, altered to conform
to climate and materials in the New
World, prelude a review of Colonial
style illustrated by the work of
four leading architects of the pe
riod—Mclntire, Bulfinch, Jefferson,
and Latrobe. Nineteenth- and 20th
century styles are shown in the
work of Richardson, Sullivan, and
Wright.
"Gallery Talks" on the current
exhibit will be given by Ray Faulk
ner at 4:15 p.m. Dec. 2, and Victor
Thompson at 4:15 p.m. Dec. 8.
"Houses, U.S.A.," a three - cen
tury survey of American homes,
will open at the Art Gallery to
morrow. The show contains over
100 blown-up photographs from a
Life Magazine exhibit tracing
American architecture from stately
Colonial to functional modern.
Seventeenth - century maps and
building forms, altered to conform
to climate and materials in the New
World, prelude a review of Colonial
style illustrated by the work of
four leading architects of the pe
riod—Mclntire, Bulfinch, Jefferson,
and Latrobe. Nineteenth- and 20th
century styles are shown in the
work of Richardson, Sullivan, and
Wright.
"Gallery Talks" on the current
exhibit will be given by Ray Faulk
ner at 4:15 p.m. Dec. 2, and Victor
Thompson at 4:15 p.m. Dec. 8.
"Houses, U.S.A.," a three - cen
tury survey of American homes,
will open at the Art Gallery to
morrow. The show contains over
100 blown-up photographs from a
Life Magazine exhibit tracing
American architecture from stately
Colonial to functional modern.
Seventeenth - century maps and
building forms, altered to conform
to climate and materials in the New
World, prelude a review of Colonial
style illustrated by the work of
four leading architects of the pe
riod—Mclntire, Bulfinch, Jefferson,
and Latrobe. Nineteenth- and 20th
century styles are shown in the
work of Richardson, Sullivan, and
Wright.
"Gallery Talks" on the current
exhibit will be given by Ray Faulk
ner at 4:15 p.m. Dec. 2, and Victor
Thompson at 4:15 p.m. Dec. 8.
"Houses, U.S.A.," a three - cen
tury survey of American homes,
will open at the Art Gallery to
morrow. The show contains over
100 blown-up photographs from a
Life Magazine exhibit tracing
American architecture from stately
Colonial to functional modern.
Seventeenth - century maps and
building forms, altered to conform
to climate and materials in the New
World, prelude a review of Colonial
style illustrated by the work of
four leading architects of the pe
riod—Mclntire, Bulfinch, Jefferson,
and Latrobe. Nineteenth- and 20th
century styles are shown in the
work of Richardson, Sullivan, and
Wright.
"Gallery Talks" on the current
exhibit will be given by Ray Faulk
ner at 4:15 p.m. Dec. 2, and Victor
Thompson at 4:15 p.m. Dec. 8.
"Houses, U.S.A.," a three - cen
tury survey of American homes,
will open at the Art Gallery to
morrow. The show contains over
100 blown-up photographs from a
Life Magazine exhibit tracing
American architecture from stately
Colonial to functional modern.
Seventeenth - century maps and
building forms, altered to conform
to climate and materials in the New
World, prelude a review of Colonial
style illustrated by the work of
four leading architects of the pe
riod—Mclntire, Bulfinch, Jefferson,
and Latrobe. Nineteenth- and 20th
century styles are shown in the
work of Richardson, Sullivan, and
Wright.
"Gallery Talks" on the current
exhibit will be given by Ray Faulk
ner at 4:15 p.m. Dec. 2, and Victor
Thompson at 4:15 p.m. Dec. 8.
"Houses, U.S.A.," a three - cen
tury survey of American homes,
will open at the Art Gallery to
morrow. The show contains over
100 blown-up photographs from a
Life Magazine exhibit tracing
American architecture from stately
Colonial to functional modern.
Seventeenth - century maps and
building forms, altered to conform
to climate and materials in the New
World, prelude a review of Colonial
style illustrated by the work of
four leading architects of the pe
riod—Mclntire, Bulfinch, Jefferson,
and Latrobe. Nineteenth- and 20th
century styles are shown in the
work of Richardson, Sullivan, and
Wright.
"Gallery Talks" on the current
exhibit will be given by Ray Faulk
ner at 4:15 p.m. Dec. 2, and Victor
Thompson at 4:15 p.m. Dec. 8.
"Houses, U.S.A.," a three - cen
tury survey of American homes,
will open at the Art Gallery to
morrow. The show contains over
100 blown-up photographs from a
Life Magazine exhibit tracing
American architecture from stately
Colonial to functional modern.
Seventeenth - century maps and
building forms, altered to conform
to climate and materials in the New
World, prelude a review of Colonial
style illustrated by the work of
four leading architects of the pe
riod—Mclntire, Bulfinch, Jefferson,
and Latrobe. Nineteenth- and 20th
century styles are shown in the
work of Richardson, Sullivan, and
Wright.
"Gallery Talks" on the current
exhibit will be given by Ray Faulk
ner at 4:15 p.m. Dec. 2, and Victor
Thompson at 4:15 p.m. Dec. 8.
"Houses, U.S.A.," a three - cen
tury survey of American homes,
will open at the Art Gallery to
morrow. The show contains over
100 blown-up photographs from a
Life Magazine exhibit tracing
American architecture from stately
Colonial to functional modern.
Seventeenth - century maps and
building forms, altered to conform
to climate and materials in the New
World, prelude a review of Colonial
style illustrated by the work of
four leading architects of the pe
riod—Mclntire, Bulfinch, Jefferson,
and Latrobe. Nineteenth- and 20th
century styles are shown in the
work of Richardson, Sullivan, and
Wright.
"Gallery Talks" on the current
exhibit will be given by Ray Faulk
ner at 4:15 p.m. Dec. 2, and Victor
Thompson at 4:15 p.m. Dec. 8.
"Houses, U.S.A.," a three - cen
tury survey of American homes,
will open at the Art Gallery to
morrow. The show contains over
100 blown-up photographs from a
Life Magazine exhibit tracing
American architecture from stately
Colonial to functional modern.
Seventeenth - century maps and
building forms, altered to conform
to climate and materials in the New
World, prelude a review of Colonial
style illustrated by the work of
four leading architects of the pe
riod—Mclntire, Bulfinch, Jefferson,
and Latrobe. Nineteenth- and 20th
century styles are shown in the
work of Richardson, Sullivan, and
Wright.
"Gallery Talks" on the current
exhibit will be given by Ray Faulk
ner at 4:15 p.m. Dec. 2, and Victor
Thompson at 4:15 p.m. Dec. 8.
"Houses, U.S.A.," a three - cen
tury survey of American homes,
will open at the Art Gallery to
morrow. The show contains over
100 blown-up photographs from a
Life Magazine exhibit tracing
American architecture from stately
Colonial to functional modern.
Seventeenth - century maps and
building forms, altered to conform
to climate and materials in the New
World, prelude a review of Colonial
style illustrated by the work of
four leading architects of the pe
riod—Mclntire, Bulfinch, Jefferson,
and Latrobe. Nineteenth- and 20th
century styles are shown in the
work of Richardson, Sullivan, and
Wright.
"Gallery Talks" on the current
exhibit will be given by Ray Faulk
ner at 4:15 p.m. Dec. 2, and Victor
Thompson at 4:15 p.m. Dec. 8.
"Houses, U.S.A.," a three - cen
tury survey of American homes,
will open at the Art Gallery to
morrow. The show contains over
100 blown-up photographs from a
Life Magazine exhibit tracing
American architecture from stately
Colonial to functional modern.
Seventeenth - century maps and
building forms, altered to conform
to climate and materials in the New
World, prelude a review of Colonial
style illustrated by the work of
four leading architects of the pe
riod—Mclntire, Bulfinch, Jefferson,
and Latrobe. Nineteenth- and 20th
century styles are shown in the
work of Richardson, Sullivan, and
Wright.
"Gallery Talks" on the current
exhibit will be given by Ray Faulk
ner at 4:15 p.m. Dec. 2, and Victor
Thompson at 4:15 p.m. Dec. 8.
"Houses, U.S.A.," a three - cen
tury survey of American homes,
will open at the Art Gallery to
morrow. The show contains over
100 blown-up photographs from a
Life Magazine exhibit tracing
American architecture from stately
Colonial to functional modern.
Seventeenth - century maps and
building forms, altered to conform
to climate and materials in the New
World, prelude a review of Colonial
style illustrated by the work of
four leading architects of the pe
riod—Mclntire, Bulfinch, Jefferson,
and Latrobe. Nineteenth- and 20th
century styles are shown in the
work of Richardson, Sullivan, and
Wright.
"Gallery Talks" on the current
exhibit will be given by Ray Faulk
ner at 4:15 p.m. Dec. 2, and Victor
Thompson at 4:15 p.m. Dec. 8.
