# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
The Oaks announces the engage
ment of Marion Morrow, '49. to
Robert B. Abrams, Phi Kappa Psi.
'48. Miss Morrow is an English
major from Prescott, Ariz., and
Abrams is from Oswego. Ore. No
date has been set for the wedding
The Oaks announces the engage
ment of Marion Morrow, '49. to
Robert B. Abrams, Phi Kappa Psi.
'48. Miss Morrow is an English
major from Prescott, Ariz., and
Abrams is from Oswego. Ore. No
date has been set for the wedding
The Oaks announces the engage
ment of Marion Morrow, '49. to
Robert B. Abrams, Phi Kappa Psi.
'48. Miss Morrow is an English
major from Prescott, Ariz., and
Abrams is from Oswego. Ore. No
date has been set for the wedding
The Oaks announces the engage
ment of Marion Morrow, '49. to
Robert B. Abrams, Phi Kappa Psi.
'48. Miss Morrow is an English
major from Prescott, Ariz., and
Abrams is from Oswego. Ore. No
date has been set for the wedding
The Oaks announces the engage
ment of Marion Morrow, '49. to
Robert B. Abrams, Phi Kappa Psi.
'48. Miss Morrow is an English
major from Prescott, Ariz., and
Abrams is from Oswego. Ore. No
date has been set for the wedding
The Oaks announces the engage
ment of Marion Morrow, '49. to
Robert B. Abrams, Phi Kappa Psi.
'48. Miss Morrow is an English
major from Prescott, Ariz., and
Abrams is from Oswego. Ore. No
date has been set for the wedding
The Oaks announces the engage
ment of Marion Morrow, '49. to
Robert B. Abrams, Phi Kappa Psi.
'48. Miss Morrow is an English
major from Prescott, Ariz., and
Abrams is from Oswego. Ore. No
date has been set for the wedding
The Oaks announces the engage
ment of Marion Morrow, '49. to
Robert B. Abrams, Phi Kappa Psi.
'48. Miss Morrow is an English
major from Prescott, Ariz., and
Abrams is from Oswego. Ore. No
date has been set for the wedding
The Oaks announces the engage
ment of Marion Morrow, '49. to
Robert B. Abrams, Phi Kappa Psi.
'48. Miss Morrow is an English
major from Prescott, Ariz., and
Abrams is from Oswego. Ore. No
date has been set for the wedding
The Oaks announces the engage
ment of Marion Morrow, '49. to
Robert B. Abrams, Phi Kappa Psi.
'48. Miss Morrow is an English
major from Prescott, Ariz., and
Abrams is from Oswego. Ore. No
date has been set for the wedding
The Oaks announces the engage
ment of Marion Morrow, '49. to
Robert B. Abrams, Phi Kappa Psi.
'48. Miss Morrow is an English
major from Prescott, Ariz., and
Abrams is from Oswego. Ore. No
date has been set for the wedding
The Oaks announces the engage
ment of Marion Morrow, '49. to
Robert B. Abrams, Phi Kappa Psi.
'48. Miss Morrow is an English
major from Prescott, Ariz., and
Abrams is from Oswego. Ore. No
date has been set for the wedding
The Oaks announces the engage
ment of Marion Morrow, '49. to
Robert B. Abrams, Phi Kappa Psi.
'48. Miss Morrow is an English
major from Prescott, Ariz., and
Abrams is from Oswego. Ore. No
date has been set for the wedding
The Oaks announces the engage
ment of Marion Morrow, '49. to
Robert B. Abrams, Phi Kappa Psi.
'48. Miss Morrow is an English
major from Prescott, Ariz., and
Abrams is from Oswego. Ore. No
date has been set for the wedding
The Oaks announces the engage
ment of Marion Morrow, '49. to
Robert B. Abrams, Phi Kappa Psi.
'48. Miss Morrow is an English
major from Prescott, Ariz., and
Abrams is from Oswego. Ore. No
date has been set for the wedding
The Oaks announces the engage
ment of Marion Morrow, '49. to
Robert B. Abrams, Phi Kappa Psi.
'48. Miss Morrow is an English
major from Prescott, Ariz., and
Abrams is from Oswego. Ore. No
date has been set for the wedding
