# Notice to Faculty Members.
## 
### 
The weather being propitious, all
members of the faculty are re
quested to assemble at the main en
trance to the quadrangle, Tuesday,
February 4, at 12:85 noon, sharp,
for the purpose of having a group
picture taken. David S. Jordan,
President.
The weather being propitious, all
members of the faculty are re
quested to assemble at the main en
trance to the quadrangle, Tuesday,
February 4, at 12:85 noon, sharp,
for the purpose of having a group
picture taken. David S. Jordan,
President.
The weather being propitious, all
members of the faculty are re
quested to assemble at the main en
trance to the quadrangle, Tuesday,
February 4, at 12:85 noon, sharp,
for the purpose of having a group
picture taken. David S. Jordan,
President.
The weather being propitious, all
members of the faculty are re
quested to assemble at the main en
trance to the quadrangle, Tuesday,
February 4, at 12:85 noon, sharp,
for the purpose of having a group
picture taken. David S. Jordan,
President.
The weather being propitious, all
members of the faculty are re
quested to assemble at the main en
trance to the quadrangle, Tuesday,
February 4, at 12:85 noon, sharp,
for the purpose of having a group
picture taken. David S. Jordan,
President.
