# Weidenreich Talk Open to Public
## 
### 
Dr. Frank Weidenreieh, anthro
pologist, will speak on "Was Sinan
thropus Pekinensis a Cannibal?" to
morrow afternoon at 4:15 o'clock in
Room 100. This lecture is presented
under the auspices of the Committee
on Public Exercises and will be
open to the public.
Dr. Weidenreieh has just returned
from Peiping, China, where he has
been associated with the Peiping
Union Medical College since 1935 as
visiting Professor of Anatomy and
Honorary Director of the Cenogoic
Research Laboratory. He received
his medical education at the Uni
versity of Strasbourg, graduating in
1898.
He will describe the Peking Man,
who lived approximately 500,000
years ago. He will show that this
early ancestor of man walked up
right, and was definitely a man,
rather than an ape.
