# Youth Hostellers Visit Los Catos
## 
### 
Professor Frank B. Duveneck en
tertained over forty hostellers, or
potential hostellers, for supper Sat
urday night at Hidden Villa Ranch,
Los Gatos, where one of the first
Pacific Coast Youth Hostels is lo
cated. Betty Blodgett, field worker
for this section, showed the visitors
around the cottage provided for
hikers and bikers.
After supper there were movies of
several hostelling trips in the East
and abroad. Exhibitions of folk
dancing also illustrated the dances
of different countries. The purpose
of this meeting was to heighten in
terest in the rapidly growing Youth
Hostel movement which has invaded
New England, after crossing from
Europe, and is becoming popular
here.
A chain of thirty hostels is planned
for the west coast area, and this
will expand as funds arc available.
Professor Frank B. Duveneck en
tertained over forty hostellers, or
potential hostellers, for supper Sat
urday night at Hidden Villa Ranch,
Los Gatos, where one of the first
Pacific Coast Youth Hostels is lo
cated. Betty Blodgett, field worker
for this section, showed the visitors
around the cottage provided for
hikers and bikers.
After supper there were movies of
several hostelling trips in the East
and abroad. Exhibitions of folk
dancing also illustrated the dances
of different countries. The purpose
of this meeting was to heighten in
terest in the rapidly growing Youth
Hostel movement which has invaded
New England, after crossing from
Europe, and is becoming popular
here.
A chain of thirty hostels is planned
for the west coast area, and this
will expand as funds arc available.
Professor Frank B. Duveneck en
tertained over forty hostellers, or
potential hostellers, for supper Sat
urday night at Hidden Villa Ranch,
Los Gatos, where one of the first
Pacific Coast Youth Hostels is lo
cated. Betty Blodgett, field worker
for this section, showed the visitors
around the cottage provided for
hikers and bikers.
After supper there were movies of
several hostelling trips in the East
and abroad. Exhibitions of folk
dancing also illustrated the dances
of different countries. The purpose
of this meeting was to heighten in
terest in the rapidly growing Youth
Hostel movement which has invaded
New England, after crossing from
Europe, and is becoming popular
here.
A chain of thirty hostels is planned
for the west coast area, and this
will expand as funds arc available.
Professor Frank B. Duveneck en
tertained over forty hostellers, or
potential hostellers, for supper Sat
urday night at Hidden Villa Ranch,
Los Gatos, where one of the first
Pacific Coast Youth Hostels is lo
cated. Betty Blodgett, field worker
for this section, showed the visitors
around the cottage provided for
hikers and bikers.
After supper there were movies of
several hostelling trips in the East
and abroad. Exhibitions of folk
dancing also illustrated the dances
of different countries. The purpose
of this meeting was to heighten in
terest in the rapidly growing Youth
Hostel movement which has invaded
New England, after crossing from
Europe, and is becoming popular
here.
A chain of thirty hostels is planned
for the west coast area, and this
will expand as funds arc available.
Professor Frank B. Duveneck en
tertained over forty hostellers, or
potential hostellers, for supper Sat
urday night at Hidden Villa Ranch,
Los Gatos, where one of the first
Pacific Coast Youth Hostels is lo
cated. Betty Blodgett, field worker
for this section, showed the visitors
around the cottage provided for
hikers and bikers.
After supper there were movies of
several hostelling trips in the East
and abroad. Exhibitions of folk
dancing also illustrated the dances
of different countries. The purpose
of this meeting was to heighten in
terest in the rapidly growing Youth
Hostel movement which has invaded
New England, after crossing from
Europe, and is becoming popular
here.
A chain of thirty hostels is planned
for the west coast area, and this
will expand as funds arc available.
Professor Frank B. Duveneck en
tertained over forty hostellers, or
potential hostellers, for supper Sat
urday night at Hidden Villa Ranch,
Los Gatos, where one of the first
Pacific Coast Youth Hostels is lo
cated. Betty Blodgett, field worker
for this section, showed the visitors
around the cottage provided for
hikers and bikers.
After supper there were movies of
several hostelling trips in the East
and abroad. Exhibitions of folk
dancing also illustrated the dances
of different countries. The purpose
of this meeting was to heighten in
terest in the rapidly growing Youth
Hostel movement which has invaded
New England, after crossing from
Europe, and is becoming popular
here.
A chain of thirty hostels is planned
for the west coast area, and this
will expand as funds arc available.
Professor Frank B. Duveneck en
tertained over forty hostellers, or
potential hostellers, for supper Sat
urday night at Hidden Villa Ranch,
Los Gatos, where one of the first
Pacific Coast Youth Hostels is lo
cated. Betty Blodgett, field worker
for this section, showed the visitors
around the cottage provided for
hikers and bikers.
After supper there were movies of
several hostelling trips in the East
and abroad. Exhibitions of folk
dancing also illustrated the dances
of different countries. The purpose
of this meeting was to heighten in
terest in the rapidly growing Youth
Hostel movement which has invaded
New England, after crossing from
Europe, and is becoming popular
here.
A chain of thirty hostels is planned
for the west coast area, and this
will expand as funds arc available.
Professor Frank B. Duveneck en
tertained over forty hostellers, or
potential hostellers, for supper Sat
urday night at Hidden Villa Ranch,
Los Gatos, where one of the first
Pacific Coast Youth Hostels is lo
cated. Betty Blodgett, field worker
for this section, showed the visitors
around the cottage provided for
hikers and bikers.
After supper there were movies of
several hostelling trips in the East
and abroad. Exhibitions of folk
dancing also illustrated the dances
of different countries. The purpose
of this meeting was to heighten in
terest in the rapidly growing Youth
Hostel movement which has invaded
New England, after crossing from
Europe, and is becoming popular
here.
A chain of thirty hostels is planned
for the west coast area, and this
will expand as funds arc available.
Professor Frank B. Duveneck en
tertained over forty hostellers, or
potential hostellers, for supper Sat
urday night at Hidden Villa Ranch,
Los Gatos, where one of the first
Pacific Coast Youth Hostels is lo
cated. Betty Blodgett, field worker
for this section, showed the visitors
around the cottage provided for
hikers and bikers.
After supper there were movies of
several hostelling trips in the East
and abroad. Exhibitions of folk
dancing also illustrated the dances
of different countries. The purpose
of this meeting was to heighten in
terest in the rapidly growing Youth
Hostel movement which has invaded
New England, after crossing from
Europe, and is becoming popular
here.
A chain of thirty hostels is planned
for the west coast area, and this
will expand as funds arc available.
Professor Frank B. Duveneck en
tertained over forty hostellers, or
potential hostellers, for supper Sat
urday night at Hidden Villa Ranch,
Los Gatos, where one of the first
Pacific Coast Youth Hostels is lo
cated. Betty Blodgett, field worker
for this section, showed the visitors
around the cottage provided for
hikers and bikers.
After supper there were movies of
several hostelling trips in the East
and abroad. Exhibitions of folk
dancing also illustrated the dances
of different countries. The purpose
of this meeting was to heighten in
terest in the rapidly growing Youth
Hostel movement which has invaded
New England, after crossing from
Europe, and is becoming popular
here.
A chain of thirty hostels is planned
for the west coast area, and this
will expand as funds arc available.
Professor Frank B. Duveneck en
tertained over forty hostellers, or
potential hostellers, for supper Sat
urday night at Hidden Villa Ranch,
Los Gatos, where one of the first
Pacific Coast Youth Hostels is lo
cated. Betty Blodgett, field worker
for this section, showed the visitors
around the cottage provided for
hikers and bikers.
After supper there were movies of
several hostelling trips in the East
and abroad. Exhibitions of folk
dancing also illustrated the dances
of different countries. The purpose
of this meeting was to heighten in
terest in the rapidly growing Youth
Hostel movement which has invaded
New England, after crossing from
Europe, and is becoming popular
here.
A chain of thirty hostels is planned
for the west coast area, and this
will expand as funds arc available.
Professor Frank B. Duveneck en
tertained over forty hostellers, or
potential hostellers, for supper Sat
urday night at Hidden Villa Ranch,
Los Gatos, where one of the first
Pacific Coast Youth Hostels is lo
cated. Betty Blodgett, field worker
for this section, showed the visitors
around the cottage provided for
hikers and bikers.
After supper there were movies of
several hostelling trips in the East
and abroad. Exhibitions of folk
dancing also illustrated the dances
of different countries. The purpose
of this meeting was to heighten in
terest in the rapidly growing Youth
Hostel movement which has invaded
New England, after crossing from
Europe, and is becoming popular
here.
A chain of thirty hostels is planned
for the west coast area, and this
will expand as funds arc available.
Professor Frank B. Duveneck en
tertained over forty hostellers, or
potential hostellers, for supper Sat
urday night at Hidden Villa Ranch,
Los Gatos, where one of the first
Pacific Coast Youth Hostels is lo
cated. Betty Blodgett, field worker
for this section, showed the visitors
around the cottage provided for
hikers and bikers.
After supper there were movies of
several hostelling trips in the East
and abroad. Exhibitions of folk
dancing also illustrated the dances
of different countries. The purpose
of this meeting was to heighten in
terest in the rapidly growing Youth
Hostel movement which has invaded
New England, after crossing from
Europe, and is becoming popular
here.
A chain of thirty hostels is planned
for the west coast area, and this
will expand as funds arc available.
Professor Frank B. Duveneck en
tertained over forty hostellers, or
potential hostellers, for supper Sat
urday night at Hidden Villa Ranch,
Los Gatos, where one of the first
Pacific Coast Youth Hostels is lo
cated. Betty Blodgett, field worker
for this section, showed the visitors
around the cottage provided for
hikers and bikers.
After supper there were movies of
several hostelling trips in the East
and abroad. Exhibitions of folk
dancing also illustrated the dances
of different countries. The purpose
of this meeting was to heighten in
terest in the rapidly growing Youth
Hostel movement which has invaded
New England, after crossing from
Europe, and is becoming popular
here.
A chain of thirty hostels is planned
for the west coast area, and this
will expand as funds arc available.
Professor Frank B. Duveneck en
tertained over forty hostellers, or
potential hostellers, for supper Sat
urday night at Hidden Villa Ranch,
Los Gatos, where one of the first
Pacific Coast Youth Hostels is lo
cated. Betty Blodgett, field worker
for this section, showed the visitors
around the cottage provided for
hikers and bikers.
After supper there were movies of
several hostelling trips in the East
and abroad. Exhibitions of folk
dancing also illustrated the dances
of different countries. The purpose
of this meeting was to heighten in
terest in the rapidly growing Youth
Hostel movement which has invaded
New England, after crossing from
Europe, and is becoming popular
here.
A chain of thirty hostels is planned
for the west coast area, and this
will expand as funds arc available.
