# Freshman Nine Defeats Alameda
## 
### 
Behind the three-hit, no-run
pitching of Monte Pfyl, the Farm
i freshman nine defeated the Ala
meda High School outfit, 4-0. Sat
urday morning on the freshman
diamond.
The frosh collected ten safeties
from the offerings of Van Reiden,
Alameda hurler. Pfyl led his mates
in this department, collecting two
four-baggers. One error was chalked
up for the Encia team while the
highschoolers played errorless ball.
Herb Bull, smooth-playing Pap
oose shortstop, was hit on the left
elbow by a ball thrown by the
Alameda catcher, Thomas, and will
probably be out of play until the
Cal series starts next Saturday.
Tomorrow's scheduled tilt with
Roosevelt High has been cancelled
and a game with Menlo J. C. sched
uled instead. Thompson will prob
ably start in the mound for the
frosh.
Behind the three-hit, no-run
pitching of Monte Pfyl, the Farm
i freshman nine defeated the Ala
meda High School outfit, 4-0. Sat
urday morning on the freshman
diamond.
The frosh collected ten safeties
from the offerings of Van Reiden,
Alameda hurler. Pfyl led his mates
in this department, collecting two
four-baggers. One error was chalked
up for the Encia team while the
highschoolers played errorless ball.
Herb Bull, smooth-playing Pap
oose shortstop, was hit on the left
elbow by a ball thrown by the
Alameda catcher, Thomas, and will
probably be out of play until the
Cal series starts next Saturday.
Tomorrow's scheduled tilt with
Roosevelt High has been cancelled
and a game with Menlo J. C. sched
uled instead. Thompson will prob
ably start in the mound for the
frosh.
Behind the three-hit, no-run
pitching of Monte Pfyl, the Farm
i freshman nine defeated the Ala
meda High School outfit, 4-0. Sat
urday morning on the freshman
diamond.
The frosh collected ten safeties
from the offerings of Van Reiden,
Alameda hurler. Pfyl led his mates
in this department, collecting two
four-baggers. One error was chalked
up for the Encia team while the
highschoolers played errorless ball.
Herb Bull, smooth-playing Pap
oose shortstop, was hit on the left
elbow by a ball thrown by the
Alameda catcher, Thomas, and will
probably be out of play until the
Cal series starts next Saturday.
Tomorrow's scheduled tilt with
Roosevelt High has been cancelled
and a game with Menlo J. C. sched
uled instead. Thompson will prob
ably start in the mound for the
frosh.
Behind the three-hit, no-run
pitching of Monte Pfyl, the Farm
i freshman nine defeated the Ala
meda High School outfit, 4-0. Sat
urday morning on the freshman
diamond.
The frosh collected ten safeties
from the offerings of Van Reiden,
Alameda hurler. Pfyl led his mates
in this department, collecting two
four-baggers. One error was chalked
up for the Encia team while the
highschoolers played errorless ball.
Herb Bull, smooth-playing Pap
oose shortstop, was hit on the left
elbow by a ball thrown by the
Alameda catcher, Thomas, and will
probably be out of play until the
Cal series starts next Saturday.
Tomorrow's scheduled tilt with
Roosevelt High has been cancelled
and a game with Menlo J. C. sched
uled instead. Thompson will prob
ably start in the mound for the
frosh.
Behind the three-hit, no-run
pitching of Monte Pfyl, the Farm
i freshman nine defeated the Ala
meda High School outfit, 4-0. Sat
urday morning on the freshman
diamond.
The frosh collected ten safeties
from the offerings of Van Reiden,
Alameda hurler. Pfyl led his mates
in this department, collecting two
four-baggers. One error was chalked
up for the Encia team while the
highschoolers played errorless ball.
Herb Bull, smooth-playing Pap
oose shortstop, was hit on the left
elbow by a ball thrown by the
Alameda catcher, Thomas, and will
probably be out of play until the
Cal series starts next Saturday.
Tomorrow's scheduled tilt with
Roosevelt High has been cancelled
and a game with Menlo J. C. sched
uled instead. Thompson will prob
ably start in the mound for the
frosh.
Behind the three-hit, no-run
pitching of Monte Pfyl, the Farm
i freshman nine defeated the Ala
meda High School outfit, 4-0. Sat
urday morning on the freshman
diamond.
The frosh collected ten safeties
from the offerings of Van Reiden,
Alameda hurler. Pfyl led his mates
in this department, collecting two
four-baggers. One error was chalked
up for the Encia team while the
highschoolers played errorless ball.
Herb Bull, smooth-playing Pap
oose shortstop, was hit on the left
elbow by a ball thrown by the
Alameda catcher, Thomas, and will
probably be out of play until the
Cal series starts next Saturday.
Tomorrow's scheduled tilt with
Roosevelt High has been cancelled
and a game with Menlo J. C. sched
uled instead. Thompson will prob
ably start in the mound for the
frosh.
Behind the three-hit, no-run
pitching of Monte Pfyl, the Farm
i freshman nine defeated the Ala
meda High School outfit, 4-0. Sat
urday morning on the freshman
diamond.
The frosh collected ten safeties
from the offerings of Van Reiden,
Alameda hurler. Pfyl led his mates
in this department, collecting two
four-baggers. One error was chalked
up for the Encia team while the
highschoolers played errorless ball.
Herb Bull, smooth-playing Pap
oose shortstop, was hit on the left
elbow by a ball thrown by the
Alameda catcher, Thomas, and will
probably be out of play until the
Cal series starts next Saturday.
Tomorrow's scheduled tilt with
Roosevelt High has been cancelled
and a game with Menlo J. C. sched
uled instead. Thompson will prob
ably start in the mound for the
frosh.
Behind the three-hit, no-run
pitching of Monte Pfyl, the Farm
i freshman nine defeated the Ala
meda High School outfit, 4-0. Sat
urday morning on the freshman
diamond.
The frosh collected ten safeties
from the offerings of Van Reiden,
Alameda hurler. Pfyl led his mates
in this department, collecting two
four-baggers. One error was chalked
up for the Encia team while the
highschoolers played errorless ball.
Herb Bull, smooth-playing Pap
oose shortstop, was hit on the left
elbow by a ball thrown by the
Alameda catcher, Thomas, and will
probably be out of play until the
Cal series starts next Saturday.
Tomorrow's scheduled tilt with
Roosevelt High has been cancelled
and a game with Menlo J. C. sched
uled instead. Thompson will prob
ably start in the mound for the
frosh.
Behind the three-hit, no-run
pitching of Monte Pfyl, the Farm
i freshman nine defeated the Ala
meda High School outfit, 4-0. Sat
urday morning on the freshman
diamond.
The frosh collected ten safeties
from the offerings of Van Reiden,
Alameda hurler. Pfyl led his mates
in this department, collecting two
four-baggers. One error was chalked
up for the Encia team while the
highschoolers played errorless ball.
Herb Bull, smooth-playing Pap
oose shortstop, was hit on the left
elbow by a ball thrown by the
Alameda catcher, Thomas, and will
probably be out of play until the
Cal series starts next Saturday.
Tomorrow's scheduled tilt with
Roosevelt High has been cancelled
and a game with Menlo J. C. sched
uled instead. Thompson will prob
ably start in the mound for the
frosh.
Behind the three-hit, no-run
pitching of Monte Pfyl, the Farm
i freshman nine defeated the Ala
meda High School outfit, 4-0. Sat
urday morning on the freshman
diamond.
The frosh collected ten safeties
from the offerings of Van Reiden,
Alameda hurler. Pfyl led his mates
in this department, collecting two
four-baggers. One error was chalked
up for the Encia team while the
highschoolers played errorless ball.
Herb Bull, smooth-playing Pap
oose shortstop, was hit on the left
elbow by a ball thrown by the
Alameda catcher, Thomas, and will
probably be out of play until the
Cal series starts next Saturday.
Tomorrow's scheduled tilt with
Roosevelt High has been cancelled
and a game with Menlo J. C. sched
uled instead. Thompson will prob
ably start in the mound for the
frosh.
Behind the three-hit, no-run
pitching of Monte Pfyl, the Farm
i freshman nine defeated the Ala
meda High School outfit, 4-0. Sat
urday morning on the freshman
diamond.
The frosh collected ten safeties
from the offerings of Van Reiden,
Alameda hurler. Pfyl led his mates
in this department, collecting two
four-baggers. One error was chalked
up for the Encia team while the
highschoolers played errorless ball.
Herb Bull, smooth-playing Pap
oose shortstop, was hit on the left
elbow by a ball thrown by the
Alameda catcher, Thomas, and will
probably be out of play until the
Cal series starts next Saturday.
Tomorrow's scheduled tilt with
Roosevelt High has been cancelled
and a game with Menlo J. C. sched
uled instead. Thompson will prob
ably start in the mound for the
frosh.
Behind the three-hit, no-run
pitching of Monte Pfyl, the Farm
i freshman nine defeated the Ala
meda High School outfit, 4-0. Sat
urday morning on the freshman
diamond.
The frosh collected ten safeties
from the offerings of Van Reiden,
Alameda hurler. Pfyl led his mates
in this department, collecting two
four-baggers. One error was chalked
up for the Encia team while the
highschoolers played errorless ball.
Herb Bull, smooth-playing Pap
oose shortstop, was hit on the left
elbow by a ball thrown by the
Alameda catcher, Thomas, and will
probably be out of play until the
Cal series starts next Saturday.
Tomorrow's scheduled tilt with
Roosevelt High has been cancelled
and a game with Menlo J. C. sched
uled instead. Thompson will prob
ably start in the mound for the
frosh.
Behind the three-hit, no-run
pitching of Monte Pfyl, the Farm
i freshman nine defeated the Ala
meda High School outfit, 4-0. Sat
urday morning on the freshman
diamond.
The frosh collected ten safeties
from the offerings of Van Reiden,
Alameda hurler. Pfyl led his mates
in this department, collecting two
four-baggers. One error was chalked
up for the Encia team while the
highschoolers played errorless ball.
Herb Bull, smooth-playing Pap
oose shortstop, was hit on the left
elbow by a ball thrown by the
Alameda catcher, Thomas, and will
probably be out of play until the
Cal series starts next Saturday.
Tomorrow's scheduled tilt with
Roosevelt High has been cancelled
and a game with Menlo J. C. sched
uled instead. Thompson will prob
ably start in the mound for the
frosh.
Behind the three-hit, no-run
pitching of Monte Pfyl, the Farm
i freshman nine defeated the Ala
meda High School outfit, 4-0. Sat
urday morning on the freshman
diamond.
The frosh collected ten safeties
from the offerings of Van Reiden,
Alameda hurler. Pfyl led his mates
in this department, collecting two
four-baggers. One error was chalked
up for the Encia team while the
highschoolers played errorless ball.
Herb Bull, smooth-playing Pap
oose shortstop, was hit on the left
elbow by a ball thrown by the
Alameda catcher, Thomas, and will
probably be out of play until the
Cal series starts next Saturday.
Tomorrow's scheduled tilt with
Roosevelt High has been cancelled
and a game with Menlo J. C. sched
uled instead. Thompson will prob
ably start in the mound for the
frosh.
Behind the three-hit, no-run
pitching of Monte Pfyl, the Farm
i freshman nine defeated the Ala
meda High School outfit, 4-0. Sat
urday morning on the freshman
diamond.
The frosh collected ten safeties
from the offerings of Van Reiden,
Alameda hurler. Pfyl led his mates
in this department, collecting two
four-baggers. One error was chalked
up for the Encia team while the
highschoolers played errorless ball.
Herb Bull, smooth-playing Pap
oose shortstop, was hit on the left
elbow by a ball thrown by the
Alameda catcher, Thomas, and will
probably be out of play until the
Cal series starts next Saturday.
Tomorrow's scheduled tilt with
Roosevelt High has been cancelled
and a game with Menlo J. C. sched
uled instead. Thompson will prob
ably start in the mound for the
frosh.
