# Teaching topic Of Vocom Tonight
## 
### 
Women's Vocom will present its
second program, "Education: Learn
'Em for a Livin'," tonight at 7:15 in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
The program, open to all students,
is designed to explain the job of
teaching, its requisites and oppor
tunities. Speaking on the field of
education in general will be Dean
A. John Bartky of the School of
Education.
He will also describe teaching as a
job, and the qualities that make a
pood teacher.
Dr. William Iverson, also in the
School of Education, will explain
credentials for teaching in the sec
ondary schools, opportunities and
demand, pay and vacations in this
field.
Elementary school teaching will
be the subject of Dr. Lawrence
Thomas, who will speak on Stan
ford's requirements for an elemen
tary credential, and job prospects
in the elementary field.
Mrs. Beverly Bunds Kimball, 15)49
graduate of Stanford, will describe
her experiences in teaching the sec
ond grade of a San Carlos elemen
tary school. Miss Elva Brown, Chief
Counselor for Women, will intro
duce the speakers and hold a ques
tion period after the program.
Refreshments will he served after
the meeting. Chairman of the pro
gram is Jane Sanson.
