# Poetry Contest Manuscripts Now Being Accepted
## 
### 
A prize of $100 is again being of
fered by I lie San Francisco Brown
ing Society for the best dramatic
monologue submitted in its annual
poetry contest.
The deadline for the contest is
April 11. All entries must be origi
nal and unpublished and must be
mailed on or before that date.
Entries are to be submitted in
triplicate, under separate pen
names. Attached to each of these
manuscripts must be a sealed en
velope containing the pen name, the
title of the entry, and the author's
real name and address.
No manuscripts can be returned,
although authors retain full rights.
Dr. George Frank Sensabaugh,
professor of English, at Stanford, is
one of Ibe three judges. Dr. Sarah
Wingate Taylor nf the dpartment of
English a I Dominican College, San
Rafael, and Dr. James R. Caldwell,
professor of English at the Univer
sity of California, complete the
slate
Entries should be mailed to the
Browning Society, in care of the
Century Club of California, 1355
Franklin SI reel, San Francisco 9.
The dramatic monologue, a poetic
form especially developed by
Browning, is a poem in Ihe first
person siugulnr. Poems in any oth
er form will not be considered in
the con lest.
A prize of $100 is again being of
fered by I lie San Francisco Brown
ing Society for the best dramatic
monologue submitted in its annual
poetry contest.
The deadline for the contest is
April 11. All entries must be origi
nal and unpublished and must be
mailed on or before that date.
Entries are to be submitted in
triplicate, under separate pen
names. Attached to each of these
manuscripts must be a sealed en
velope containing the pen name, the
title of the entry, and the author's
real name and address.
No manuscripts can be returned,
although authors retain full rights.
Dr. George Frank Sensabaugh,
professor of English, at Stanford, is
one of Ibe three judges. Dr. Sarah
Wingate Taylor nf the dpartment of
English a I Dominican College, San
Rafael, and Dr. James R. Caldwell,
professor of English at the Univer
sity of California, complete the
slate
Entries should be mailed to the
Browning Society, in care of the
Century Club of California, 1355
Franklin SI reel, San Francisco 9.
The dramatic monologue, a poetic
form especially developed by
Browning, is a poem in Ihe first
person siugulnr. Poems in any oth
er form will not be considered in
the con lest.
A prize of $100 is again being of
fered by I lie San Francisco Brown
ing Society for the best dramatic
monologue submitted in its annual
poetry contest.
The deadline for the contest is
April 11. All entries must be origi
nal and unpublished and must be
mailed on or before that date.
Entries are to be submitted in
triplicate, under separate pen
names. Attached to each of these
manuscripts must be a sealed en
velope containing the pen name, the
title of the entry, and the author's
real name and address.
No manuscripts can be returned,
although authors retain full rights.
Dr. George Frank Sensabaugh,
professor of English, at Stanford, is
one of Ibe three judges. Dr. Sarah
Wingate Taylor nf the dpartment of
English a I Dominican College, San
Rafael, and Dr. James R. Caldwell,
professor of English at the Univer
sity of California, complete the
slate
Entries should be mailed to the
Browning Society, in care of the
Century Club of California, 1355
Franklin SI reel, San Francisco 9.
The dramatic monologue, a poetic
form especially developed by
Browning, is a poem in Ihe first
person siugulnr. Poems in any oth
er form will not be considered in
the con lest.
A prize of $100 is again being of
fered by I lie San Francisco Brown
ing Society for the best dramatic
monologue submitted in its annual
poetry contest.
The deadline for the contest is
April 11. All entries must be origi
nal and unpublished and must be
mailed on or before that date.
Entries are to be submitted in
triplicate, under separate pen
names. Attached to each of these
manuscripts must be a sealed en
velope containing the pen name, the
title of the entry, and the author's
real name and address.
No manuscripts can be returned,
although authors retain full rights.
Dr. George Frank Sensabaugh,
professor of English, at Stanford, is
one of Ibe three judges. Dr. Sarah
Wingate Taylor nf the dpartment of
English a I Dominican College, San
Rafael, and Dr. James R. Caldwell,
professor of English at the Univer
sity of California, complete the
slate
Entries should be mailed to the
Browning Society, in care of the
Century Club of California, 1355
Franklin SI reel, San Francisco 9.
The dramatic monologue, a poetic
form especially developed by
Browning, is a poem in Ihe first
person siugulnr. Poems in any oth
er form will not be considered in
the con lest.
A prize of $100 is again being of
fered by I lie San Francisco Brown
ing Society for the best dramatic
monologue submitted in its annual
poetry contest.
The deadline for the contest is
April 11. All entries must be origi
nal and unpublished and must be
mailed on or before that date.
Entries are to be submitted in
triplicate, under separate pen
names. Attached to each of these
manuscripts must be a sealed en
velope containing the pen name, the
title of the entry, and the author's
real name and address.
No manuscripts can be returned,
although authors retain full rights.
Dr. George Frank Sensabaugh,
professor of English, at Stanford, is
one of Ibe three judges. Dr. Sarah
Wingate Taylor nf the dpartment of
English a I Dominican College, San
Rafael, and Dr. James R. Caldwell,
professor of English at the Univer
sity of California, complete the
slate
Entries should be mailed to the
Browning Society, in care of the
Century Club of California, 1355
Franklin SI reel, San Francisco 9.
The dramatic monologue, a poetic
form especially developed by
Browning, is a poem in Ihe first
person siugulnr. Poems in any oth
er form will not be considered in
the con lest.
A prize of $100 is again being of
fered by I lie San Francisco Brown
ing Society for the best dramatic
monologue submitted in its annual
poetry contest.
The deadline for the contest is
April 11. All entries must be origi
nal and unpublished and must be
mailed on or before that date.
Entries are to be submitted in
triplicate, under separate pen
names. Attached to each of these
manuscripts must be a sealed en
velope containing the pen name, the
title of the entry, and the author's
real name and address.
No manuscripts can be returned,
although authors retain full rights.
Dr. George Frank Sensabaugh,
professor of English, at Stanford, is
one of Ibe three judges. Dr. Sarah
Wingate Taylor nf the dpartment of
English a I Dominican College, San
Rafael, and Dr. James R. Caldwell,
professor of English at the Univer
sity of California, complete the
slate
Entries should be mailed to the
Browning Society, in care of the
Century Club of California, 1355
Franklin SI reel, San Francisco 9.
The dramatic monologue, a poetic
form especially developed by
Browning, is a poem in Ihe first
person siugulnr. Poems in any oth
er form will not be considered in
the con lest.
A prize of $100 is again being of
fered by I lie San Francisco Brown
ing Society for the best dramatic
monologue submitted in its annual
poetry contest.
The deadline for the contest is
April 11. All entries must be origi
nal and unpublished and must be
mailed on or before that date.
Entries are to be submitted in
triplicate, under separate pen
names. Attached to each of these
manuscripts must be a sealed en
velope containing the pen name, the
title of the entry, and the author's
real name and address.
No manuscripts can be returned,
although authors retain full rights.
Dr. George Frank Sensabaugh,
professor of English, at Stanford, is
one of Ibe three judges. Dr. Sarah
Wingate Taylor nf the dpartment of
English a I Dominican College, San
Rafael, and Dr. James R. Caldwell,
professor of English at the Univer
sity of California, complete the
slate
Entries should be mailed to the
Browning Society, in care of the
Century Club of California, 1355
Franklin SI reel, San Francisco 9.
The dramatic monologue, a poetic
form especially developed by
Browning, is a poem in Ihe first
person siugulnr. Poems in any oth
er form will not be considered in
the con lest.
A prize of $100 is again being of
fered by I lie San Francisco Brown
ing Society for the best dramatic
monologue submitted in its annual
poetry contest.
The deadline for the contest is
April 11. All entries must be origi
nal and unpublished and must be
mailed on or before that date.
Entries are to be submitted in
triplicate, under separate pen
names. Attached to each of these
manuscripts must be a sealed en
velope containing the pen name, the
title of the entry, and the author's
real name and address.
No manuscripts can be returned,
although authors retain full rights.
Dr. George Frank Sensabaugh,
professor of English, at Stanford, is
one of Ibe three judges. Dr. Sarah
Wingate Taylor nf the dpartment of
English a I Dominican College, San
Rafael, and Dr. James R. Caldwell,
professor of English at the Univer
sity of California, complete the
slate
Entries should be mailed to the
Browning Society, in care of the
Century Club of California, 1355
Franklin SI reel, San Francisco 9.
The dramatic monologue, a poetic
form especially developed by
Browning, is a poem in Ihe first
person siugulnr. Poems in any oth
er form will not be considered in
the con lest.
A prize of $100 is again being of
fered by I lie San Francisco Brown
ing Society for the best dramatic
monologue submitted in its annual
poetry contest.
The deadline for the contest is
April 11. All entries must be origi
nal and unpublished and must be
mailed on or before that date.
Entries are to be submitted in
triplicate, under separate pen
names. Attached to each of these
manuscripts must be a sealed en
velope containing the pen name, the
title of the entry, and the author's
real name and address.
No manuscripts can be returned,
although authors retain full rights.
Dr. George Frank Sensabaugh,
professor of English, at Stanford, is
one of Ibe three judges. Dr. Sarah
Wingate Taylor nf the dpartment of
English a I Dominican College, San
Rafael, and Dr. James R. Caldwell,
professor of English at the Univer
sity of California, complete the
slate
Entries should be mailed to the
Browning Society, in care of the
Century Club of California, 1355
Franklin SI reel, San Francisco 9.
The dramatic monologue, a poetic
form especially developed by
Browning, is a poem in Ihe first
person siugulnr. Poems in any oth
er form will not be considered in
the con lest.
A prize of $100 is again being of
fered by I lie San Francisco Brown
ing Society for the best dramatic
monologue submitted in its annual
poetry contest.
The deadline for the contest is
April 11. All entries must be origi
nal and unpublished and must be
mailed on or before that date.
Entries are to be submitted in
triplicate, under separate pen
names. Attached to each of these
manuscripts must be a sealed en
velope containing the pen name, the
title of the entry, and the author's
real name and address.
No manuscripts can be returned,
although authors retain full rights.
Dr. George Frank Sensabaugh,
professor of English, at Stanford, is
one of Ibe three judges. Dr. Sarah
Wingate Taylor nf the dpartment of
English a I Dominican College, San
Rafael, and Dr. James R. Caldwell,
professor of English at the Univer
sity of California, complete the
slate
Entries should be mailed to the
Browning Society, in care of the
Century Club of California, 1355
Franklin SI reel, San Francisco 9.
The dramatic monologue, a poetic
form especially developed by
Browning, is a poem in Ihe first
person siugulnr. Poems in any oth
er form will not be considered in
the con lest.
A prize of $100 is again being of
fered by I lie San Francisco Brown
ing Society for the best dramatic
monologue submitted in its annual
poetry contest.
The deadline for the contest is
April 11. All entries must be origi
nal and unpublished and must be
mailed on or before that date.
Entries are to be submitted in
triplicate, under separate pen
names. Attached to each of these
manuscripts must be a sealed en
velope containing the pen name, the
title of the entry, and the author's
real name and address.
No manuscripts can be returned,
although authors retain full rights.
Dr. George Frank Sensabaugh,
professor of English, at Stanford, is
one of Ibe three judges. Dr. Sarah
Wingate Taylor nf the dpartment of
English a I Dominican College, San
Rafael, and Dr. James R. Caldwell,
professor of English at the Univer
sity of California, complete the
slate
Entries should be mailed to the
Browning Society, in care of the
Century Club of California, 1355
Franklin SI reel, San Francisco 9.
The dramatic monologue, a poetic
form especially developed by
Browning, is a poem in Ihe first
person siugulnr. Poems in any oth
er form will not be considered in
the con lest.
A prize of $100 is again being of
fered by I lie San Francisco Brown
ing Society for the best dramatic
monologue submitted in its annual
poetry contest.
The deadline for the contest is
April 11. All entries must be origi
nal and unpublished and must be
mailed on or before that date.
Entries are to be submitted in
triplicate, under separate pen
names. Attached to each of these
manuscripts must be a sealed en
velope containing the pen name, the
title of the entry, and the author's
real name and address.
No manuscripts can be returned,
although authors retain full rights.
Dr. George Frank Sensabaugh,
professor of English, at Stanford, is
one of Ibe three judges. Dr. Sarah
Wingate Taylor nf the dpartment of
English a I Dominican College, San
Rafael, and Dr. James R. Caldwell,
professor of English at the Univer
sity of California, complete the
slate
Entries should be mailed to the
Browning Society, in care of the
Century Club of California, 1355
Franklin SI reel, San Francisco 9.
The dramatic monologue, a poetic
form especially developed by
Browning, is a poem in Ihe first
person siugulnr. Poems in any oth
er form will not be considered in
the con lest.
A prize of $100 is again being of
fered by I lie San Francisco Brown
ing Society for the best dramatic
monologue submitted in its annual
poetry contest.
The deadline for the contest is
April 11. All entries must be origi
nal and unpublished and must be
mailed on or before that date.
Entries are to be submitted in
triplicate, under separate pen
names. Attached to each of these
manuscripts must be a sealed en
velope containing the pen name, the
title of the entry, and the author's
real name and address.
No manuscripts can be returned,
although authors retain full rights.
Dr. George Frank Sensabaugh,
professor of English, at Stanford, is
one of Ibe three judges. Dr. Sarah
Wingate Taylor nf the dpartment of
English a I Dominican College, San
Rafael, and Dr. James R. Caldwell,
professor of English at the Univer
sity of California, complete the
slate
Entries should be mailed to the
Browning Society, in care of the
Century Club of California, 1355
Franklin SI reel, San Francisco 9.
The dramatic monologue, a poetic
form especially developed by
Browning, is a poem in Ihe first
person siugulnr. Poems in any oth
er form will not be considered in
the con lest.
A prize of $100 is again being of
fered by I lie San Francisco Brown
ing Society for the best dramatic
monologue submitted in its annual
poetry contest.
The deadline for the contest is
April 11. All entries must be origi
nal and unpublished and must be
mailed on or before that date.
Entries are to be submitted in
triplicate, under separate pen
names. Attached to each of these
manuscripts must be a sealed en
velope containing the pen name, the
title of the entry, and the author's
real name and address.
No manuscripts can be returned,
although authors retain full rights.
Dr. George Frank Sensabaugh,
professor of English, at Stanford, is
one of Ibe three judges. Dr. Sarah
Wingate Taylor nf the dpartment of
English a I Dominican College, San
Rafael, and Dr. James R. Caldwell,
professor of English at the Univer
sity of California, complete the
slate
Entries should be mailed to the
Browning Society, in care of the
Century Club of California, 1355
Franklin SI reel, San Francisco 9.
The dramatic monologue, a poetic
form especially developed by
Browning, is a poem in Ihe first
person siugulnr. Poems in any oth
er form will not be considered in
the con lest.
