# INSIDE
## 
### 
Journal
Men's baseball records an
other win and raises its
record to 9-2.
See Sports, page 7

Pipe Dream
A new study shows bilin
gual education helps kids
succeed in school.
See World & Nation, page 3

Fruit Cup
Think you've got what it
takes to become the next
Stanford Tree?
See News, page 2

Journal
Men's baseball records an
other win and raises its
record to 9-2.
See Sports, page 7

Pipe Dream
A new study shows bilin
gual education helps kids
succeed in school.
See World & Nation, page 3

Fruit Cup
Think you've got what it
takes to become the next
Stanford Tree?
See News, page 2

Journal
Men's baseball records an
other win and raises its
record to 9-2.
See Sports, page 7

Pipe Dream
A new study shows bilin
gual education helps kids
succeed in school.
See World & Nation, page 3

Fruit Cup
Think you've got what it
takes to become the next
Stanford Tree?
See News, page 2

Journal
Men's baseball records an
other win and raises its
record to 9-2.
See Sports, page 7

Pipe Dream
A new study shows bilin
gual education helps kids
succeed in school.
See World & Nation, page 3

Fruit Cup
Think you've got what it
takes to become the next
Stanford Tree?
See News, page 2

Journal
Men's baseball records an
other win and raises its
record to 9-2.
See Sports, page 7

Pipe Dream
A new study shows bilin
gual education helps kids
succeed in school.
See World & Nation, page 3

Fruit Cup
Think you've got what it
takes to become the next
Stanford Tree?
See News, page 2

Journal
Men's baseball records an
other win and raises its
record to 9-2.
See Sports, page 7

Pipe Dream
A new study shows bilin
gual education helps kids
succeed in school.
See World & Nation, page 3

Fruit Cup
Think you've got what it
takes to become the next
Stanford Tree?
See News, page 2

Journal
Men's baseball records an
other win and raises its
record to 9-2.
See Sports, page 7

Pipe Dream
A new study shows bilin
gual education helps kids
succeed in school.
See World & Nation, page 3

Fruit Cup
Think you've got what it
takes to become the next
Stanford Tree?
See News, page 2

