# Hoops team falls to 11th in poll
## 
### 
Following an upset loss at the
hands of Washington, Stanford
fell from eighth to 11th in The
Associated Press' women's bas
ketball poll announced yesterday.
The Huskies, who still trail the
Cardinal by one game in the
Pacific 10 Conference race, moved
from 12th to 10th.
Virginia and Penn State were
still the top two teams in the poll,
while Southeastern Conference

rivals Georgia, Tennessee and
Auburn occupied the next three
positions.
The Huskies (17-3) ended
Stanford's school record 42-game
homecourt winning streak when
reserve Laura Moore hit a 19-
footer with one second left in the
game. It was Moore's only shot of
the game and gave Washington a
69-68 win. Stanford fell to 17-4.
lowa and Long Beach State

returned to the rankings after
brief abences, replacing Michigan
State and Fullerton State, who
lasted only a week.
Virginia (22-1), whose only loss
was to Penn State on a buzzer
beater in early January, stayed
unbeaten in the Atlantic Coast
Conference with victories over
North Carolina and Duke.
â€” Associated Press
