# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
Dressmaker
SWIM SUITS
for
Surf or Sand
Quick drying, durable,
smartly styled suits of
durable seersucker or gay
cotton print with knitted
cotton lining.
Sizes 12 to 42
Priced 2.98 to 5.00
Dressmaker
SWIM SUITS
for
Surf or Sand
Quick drying, durable,
smartly styled suits of
durable seersucker or gay
cotton print with knitted
cotton lining.
Sizes 12 to 42
Priced 2.98 to 5.00
Dressmaker
SWIM SUITS
for
Surf or Sand
Quick drying, durable,
smartly styled suits of
durable seersucker or gay
cotton print with knitted
cotton lining.
Sizes 12 to 42
Priced 2.98 to 5.00
Dressmaker
SWIM SUITS
for
Surf or Sand
Quick drying, durable,
smartly styled suits of
durable seersucker or gay
cotton print with knitted
cotton lining.
Sizes 12 to 42
Priced 2.98 to 5.00
Dressmaker
SWIM SUITS
for
Surf or Sand
Quick drying, durable,
smartly styled suits of
durable seersucker or gay
cotton print with knitted
cotton lining.
Sizes 12 to 42
Priced 2.98 to 5.00
Dressmaker
SWIM SUITS
for
Surf or Sand
Quick drying, durable,
smartly styled suits of
durable seersucker or gay
cotton print with knitted
cotton lining.
Sizes 12 to 42
Priced 2.98 to 5.00
Dressmaker
SWIM SUITS
for
Surf or Sand
Quick drying, durable,
smartly styled suits of
durable seersucker or gay
cotton print with knitted
cotton lining.
Sizes 12 to 42
Priced 2.98 to 5.00
Dressmaker
SWIM SUITS
for
Surf or Sand
Quick drying, durable,
smartly styled suits of
durable seersucker or gay
cotton print with knitted
cotton lining.
Sizes 12 to 42
Priced 2.98 to 5.00
Dressmaker
SWIM SUITS
for
Surf or Sand
Quick drying, durable,
smartly styled suits of
durable seersucker or gay
cotton print with knitted
cotton lining.
Sizes 12 to 42
Priced 2.98 to 5.00
Dressmaker
SWIM SUITS
for
Surf or Sand
Quick drying, durable,
smartly styled suits of
durable seersucker or gay
cotton print with knitted
cotton lining.
Sizes 12 to 42
Priced 2.98 to 5.00
Dressmaker
SWIM SUITS
for
Surf or Sand
Quick drying, durable,
smartly styled suits of
durable seersucker or gay
cotton print with knitted
cotton lining.
Sizes 12 to 42
Priced 2.98 to 5.00
Dressmaker
SWIM SUITS
for
Surf or Sand
Quick drying, durable,
smartly styled suits of
durable seersucker or gay
cotton print with knitted
cotton lining.
Sizes 12 to 42
Priced 2.98 to 5.00
Dressmaker
SWIM SUITS
for
Surf or Sand
Quick drying, durable,
smartly styled suits of
durable seersucker or gay
cotton print with knitted
cotton lining.
Sizes 12 to 42
Priced 2.98 to 5.00
Dressmaker
SWIM SUITS
for
Surf or Sand
Quick drying, durable,
smartly styled suits of
durable seersucker or gay
cotton print with knitted
cotton lining.
Sizes 12 to 42
Priced 2.98 to 5.00
Dressmaker
SWIM SUITS
for
Surf or Sand
Quick drying, durable,
smartly styled suits of
durable seersucker or gay
cotton print with knitted
cotton lining.
Sizes 12 to 42
Priced 2.98 to 5.00
Dressmaker
SWIM SUITS
for
Surf or Sand
Quick drying, durable,
smartly styled suits of
durable seersucker or gay
cotton print with knitted
cotton lining.
Sizes 12 to 42
Priced 2.98 to 5.00
Dressmaker
SWIM SUITS
for
Surf or Sand
Quick drying, durable,
smartly styled suits of
durable seersucker or gay
cotton print with knitted
cotton lining.
Sizes 12 to 42
Priced 2.98 to 5.00
Dressmaker
SWIM SUITS
for
Surf or Sand
Quick drying, durable,
smartly styled suits of
durable seersucker or gay
cotton print with knitted
cotton lining.
Sizes 12 to 42
Priced 2.98 to 5.00
