# FRANK C. McCOLLOCK COMMISSIONED MAJOR
## 
### 
Frank C. McCollock, '17, has been
commissioned a major in France. While
attending Stanford he enlisted as a
member of Co. L, Fifth Regiment, Cal
ifornia National Guard. During the
Mexican trouble he served as top ser
geant in his company. Upon America's
entrance into the conflict McCollock at
tended the lirst officers' training camp
and was awarded a lieutenancy there.
Later at Camp Lewis he received fur
ther advancement.
Frank C. McCollock, '17, has been
commissioned a major in France. While
attending Stanford he enlisted as a
member of Co. L, Fifth Regiment, Cal
ifornia National Guard. During the
Mexican trouble he served as top ser
geant in his company. Upon America's
entrance into the conflict McCollock at
tended the lirst officers' training camp
and was awarded a lieutenancy there.
Later at Camp Lewis he received fur
ther advancement.
Frank C. McCollock, '17, has been
commissioned a major in France. While
attending Stanford he enlisted as a
member of Co. L, Fifth Regiment, Cal
ifornia National Guard. During the
Mexican trouble he served as top ser
geant in his company. Upon America's
entrance into the conflict McCollock at
tended the lirst officers' training camp
and was awarded a lieutenancy there.
Later at Camp Lewis he received fur
ther advancement.
Frank C. McCollock, '17, has been
commissioned a major in France. While
attending Stanford he enlisted as a
member of Co. L, Fifth Regiment, Cal
ifornia National Guard. During the
Mexican trouble he served as top ser
geant in his company. Upon America's
entrance into the conflict McCollock at
tended the lirst officers' training camp
and was awarded a lieutenancy there.
Later at Camp Lewis he received fur
ther advancement.
Frank C. McCollock, '17, has been
commissioned a major in France. While
attending Stanford he enlisted as a
member of Co. L, Fifth Regiment, Cal
ifornia National Guard. During the
Mexican trouble he served as top ser
geant in his company. Upon America's
entrance into the conflict McCollock at
tended the lirst officers' training camp
and was awarded a lieutenancy there.
Later at Camp Lewis he received fur
ther advancement.
Frank C. McCollock, '17, has been
commissioned a major in France. While
attending Stanford he enlisted as a
member of Co. L, Fifth Regiment, Cal
ifornia National Guard. During the
Mexican trouble he served as top ser
geant in his company. Upon America's
entrance into the conflict McCollock at
tended the lirst officers' training camp
and was awarded a lieutenancy there.
Later at Camp Lewis he received fur
ther advancement.
Frank C. McCollock, '17, has been
commissioned a major in France. While
attending Stanford he enlisted as a
member of Co. L, Fifth Regiment, Cal
ifornia National Guard. During the
Mexican trouble he served as top ser
geant in his company. Upon America's
entrance into the conflict McCollock at
tended the lirst officers' training camp
and was awarded a lieutenancy there.
Later at Camp Lewis he received fur
ther advancement.
Frank C. McCollock, '17, has been
commissioned a major in France. While
attending Stanford he enlisted as a
member of Co. L, Fifth Regiment, Cal
ifornia National Guard. During the
Mexican trouble he served as top ser
geant in his company. Upon America's
entrance into the conflict McCollock at
tended the lirst officers' training camp
and was awarded a lieutenancy there.
Later at Camp Lewis he received fur
ther advancement.
Frank C. McCollock, '17, has been
commissioned a major in France. While
attending Stanford he enlisted as a
member of Co. L, Fifth Regiment, Cal
ifornia National Guard. During the
Mexican trouble he served as top ser
geant in his company. Upon America's
entrance into the conflict McCollock at
tended the lirst officers' training camp
and was awarded a lieutenancy there.
Later at Camp Lewis he received fur
ther advancement.
Frank C. McCollock, '17, has been
commissioned a major in France. While
attending Stanford he enlisted as a
member of Co. L, Fifth Regiment, Cal
ifornia National Guard. During the
Mexican trouble he served as top ser
geant in his company. Upon America's
entrance into the conflict McCollock at
tended the lirst officers' training camp
and was awarded a lieutenancy there.
Later at Camp Lewis he received fur
ther advancement.
Frank C. McCollock, '17, has been
commissioned a major in France. While
attending Stanford he enlisted as a
member of Co. L, Fifth Regiment, Cal
ifornia National Guard. During the
Mexican trouble he served as top ser
geant in his company. Upon America's
entrance into the conflict McCollock at
tended the lirst officers' training camp
and was awarded a lieutenancy there.
Later at Camp Lewis he received fur
ther advancement.
Frank C. McCollock, '17, has been
commissioned a major in France. While
attending Stanford he enlisted as a
member of Co. L, Fifth Regiment, Cal
ifornia National Guard. During the
Mexican trouble he served as top ser
geant in his company. Upon America's
entrance into the conflict McCollock at
tended the lirst officers' training camp
and was awarded a lieutenancy there.
Later at Camp Lewis he received fur
ther advancement.
Frank C. McCollock, '17, has been
commissioned a major in France. While
attending Stanford he enlisted as a
member of Co. L, Fifth Regiment, Cal
ifornia National Guard. During the
Mexican trouble he served as top ser
geant in his company. Upon America's
entrance into the conflict McCollock at
tended the lirst officers' training camp
and was awarded a lieutenancy there.
Later at Camp Lewis he received fur
ther advancement.
Frank C. McCollock, '17, has been
commissioned a major in France. While
attending Stanford he enlisted as a
member of Co. L, Fifth Regiment, Cal
ifornia National Guard. During the
Mexican trouble he served as top ser
geant in his company. Upon America's
entrance into the conflict McCollock at
tended the lirst officers' training camp
and was awarded a lieutenancy there.
Later at Camp Lewis he received fur
ther advancement.
Frank C. McCollock, '17, has been
commissioned a major in France. While
attending Stanford he enlisted as a
member of Co. L, Fifth Regiment, Cal
ifornia National Guard. During the
Mexican trouble he served as top ser
geant in his company. Upon America's
entrance into the conflict McCollock at
tended the lirst officers' training camp
and was awarded a lieutenancy there.
Later at Camp Lewis he received fur
ther advancement.
Frank C. McCollock, '17, has been
commissioned a major in France. While
attending Stanford he enlisted as a
member of Co. L, Fifth Regiment, Cal
ifornia National Guard. During the
Mexican trouble he served as top ser
geant in his company. Upon America's
entrance into the conflict McCollock at
tended the lirst officers' training camp
and was awarded a lieutenancy there.
Later at Camp Lewis he received fur
ther advancement.
