# DARTMOUTH RUSHING RULES TO BE CHANGED NEXT FALL
## 
### 
Following an experiment with sec
ond semester rushing during the past
three years the Dartmouth Interfra
ternity Council has voted to operate
rushing next fall under a new eight
week system. This decision has been
effected after much criticism of the
past system and comes as a result of
a special investigation of rules by a
committee of the interfraternity coun
cil.

The Women's Daily News, the first
paper to be edited by Chinese women
in the history of the country, has re
cently made its debut, edited by two
young Chinese girls, both prominent
in the women's student movement of
China.
Following an experiment with sec
ond semester rushing during the past
three years the Dartmouth Interfra
ternity Council has voted to operate
rushing next fall under a new eight
week system. This decision has been
effected after much criticism of the
past system and comes as a result of
a special investigation of rules by a
committee of the interfraternity coun
cil.

The Women's Daily News, the first
paper to be edited by Chinese women
in the history of the country, has re
cently made its debut, edited by two
young Chinese girls, both prominent
in the women's student movement of
China.
Following an experiment with sec
ond semester rushing during the past
three years the Dartmouth Interfra
ternity Council has voted to operate
rushing next fall under a new eight
week system. This decision has been
effected after much criticism of the
past system and comes as a result of
a special investigation of rules by a
committee of the interfraternity coun
cil.

The Women's Daily News, the first
paper to be edited by Chinese women
in the history of the country, has re
cently made its debut, edited by two
young Chinese girls, both prominent
in the women's student movement of
China.
Following an experiment with sec
ond semester rushing during the past
three years the Dartmouth Interfra
ternity Council has voted to operate
rushing next fall under a new eight
week system. This decision has been
effected after much criticism of the
past system and comes as a result of
a special investigation of rules by a
committee of the interfraternity coun
cil.

The Women's Daily News, the first
paper to be edited by Chinese women
in the history of the country, has re
cently made its debut, edited by two
young Chinese girls, both prominent
in the women's student movement of
China.
Following an experiment with sec
ond semester rushing during the past
three years the Dartmouth Interfra
ternity Council has voted to operate
rushing next fall under a new eight
week system. This decision has been
effected after much criticism of the
past system and comes as a result of
a special investigation of rules by a
committee of the interfraternity coun
cil.

The Women's Daily News, the first
paper to be edited by Chinese women
in the history of the country, has re
cently made its debut, edited by two
young Chinese girls, both prominent
in the women's student movement of
China.
Following an experiment with sec
ond semester rushing during the past
three years the Dartmouth Interfra
ternity Council has voted to operate
rushing next fall under a new eight
week system. This decision has been
effected after much criticism of the
past system and comes as a result of
a special investigation of rules by a
committee of the interfraternity coun
cil.

The Women's Daily News, the first
paper to be edited by Chinese women
in the history of the country, has re
cently made its debut, edited by two
young Chinese girls, both prominent
in the women's student movement of
China.
Following an experiment with sec
ond semester rushing during the past
three years the Dartmouth Interfra
ternity Council has voted to operate
rushing next fall under a new eight
week system. This decision has been
effected after much criticism of the
past system and comes as a result of
a special investigation of rules by a
committee of the interfraternity coun
cil.

The Women's Daily News, the first
paper to be edited by Chinese women
in the history of the country, has re
cently made its debut, edited by two
young Chinese girls, both prominent
in the women's student movement of
China.
Following an experiment with sec
ond semester rushing during the past
three years the Dartmouth Interfra
ternity Council has voted to operate
rushing next fall under a new eight
week system. This decision has been
effected after much criticism of the
past system and comes as a result of
a special investigation of rules by a
committee of the interfraternity coun
cil.

The Women's Daily News, the first
paper to be edited by Chinese women
in the history of the country, has re
cently made its debut, edited by two
young Chinese girls, both prominent
in the women's student movement of
China.
Following an experiment with sec
ond semester rushing during the past
three years the Dartmouth Interfra
ternity Council has voted to operate
rushing next fall under a new eight
week system. This decision has been
effected after much criticism of the
past system and comes as a result of
a special investigation of rules by a
committee of the interfraternity coun
cil.

The Women's Daily News, the first
paper to be edited by Chinese women
in the history of the country, has re
cently made its debut, edited by two
young Chinese girls, both prominent
in the women's student movement of
China.
Following an experiment with sec
ond semester rushing during the past
three years the Dartmouth Interfra
ternity Council has voted to operate
rushing next fall under a new eight
week system. This decision has been
effected after much criticism of the
past system and comes as a result of
a special investigation of rules by a
committee of the interfraternity coun
cil.

The Women's Daily News, the first
paper to be edited by Chinese women
in the history of the country, has re
cently made its debut, edited by two
young Chinese girls, both prominent
in the women's student movement of
China.
Following an experiment with sec
ond semester rushing during the past
three years the Dartmouth Interfra
ternity Council has voted to operate
rushing next fall under a new eight
week system. This decision has been
effected after much criticism of the
past system and comes as a result of
a special investigation of rules by a
committee of the interfraternity coun
cil.

The Women's Daily News, the first
paper to be edited by Chinese women
in the history of the country, has re
cently made its debut, edited by two
young Chinese girls, both prominent
in the women's student movement of
China.
Following an experiment with sec
ond semester rushing during the past
three years the Dartmouth Interfra
ternity Council has voted to operate
rushing next fall under a new eight
week system. This decision has been
effected after much criticism of the
past system and comes as a result of
a special investigation of rules by a
committee of the interfraternity coun
cil.

The Women's Daily News, the first
paper to be edited by Chinese women
in the history of the country, has re
cently made its debut, edited by two
young Chinese girls, both prominent
in the women's student movement of
China.
Following an experiment with sec
ond semester rushing during the past
three years the Dartmouth Interfra
ternity Council has voted to operate
rushing next fall under a new eight
week system. This decision has been
effected after much criticism of the
past system and comes as a result of
a special investigation of rules by a
committee of the interfraternity coun
cil.

The Women's Daily News, the first
paper to be edited by Chinese women
in the history of the country, has re
cently made its debut, edited by two
young Chinese girls, both prominent
in the women's student movement of
China.
Following an experiment with sec
ond semester rushing during the past
three years the Dartmouth Interfra
ternity Council has voted to operate
rushing next fall under a new eight
week system. This decision has been
effected after much criticism of the
past system and comes as a result of
a special investigation of rules by a
committee of the interfraternity coun
cil.

The Women's Daily News, the first
paper to be edited by Chinese women
in the history of the country, has re
cently made its debut, edited by two
young Chinese girls, both prominent
in the women's student movement of
China.
Following an experiment with sec
ond semester rushing during the past
three years the Dartmouth Interfra
ternity Council has voted to operate
rushing next fall under a new eight
week system. This decision has been
effected after much criticism of the
past system and comes as a result of
a special investigation of rules by a
committee of the interfraternity coun
cil.

The Women's Daily News, the first
paper to be edited by Chinese women
in the history of the country, has re
cently made its debut, edited by two
young Chinese girls, both prominent
in the women's student movement of
China.
