# SENIORS AND SOPHS TIE IN INTERCLASS CUP CHAMPIONSHIPS
## 
### 
With only one more event, tennis,
yet to be finished in the interclass
athletic competition, the seniors and
sophomores are tied with 18 points
apiece. The frosh have 17 points, and
the juniors, 13.
The seniors and freshmen were tied
for first honors until the soccer cham
pionships, which the juniors won, with
the sophomores taking second, the
seniors third, and the frosh fourth.
Juniors Are Out
The juniors are definitely out of the
running for the cup which is to be
given the winners, but any of the
three other classes may win it, de
pending on the outcome of the tennis
championship.
The seniors took a first in track,
seconds in football and swimming, and
third places in soccer and basketball.
The sophomores have won first
places in basketball and swimming, a
second in soccer, third places in track
and baseball, and fourth place in foot
ball.
Defaults Costly
The frosh have won first places in
football and baseball, a second in bas
ketball, a third in swimming, and
fourth places in track and soccer. Had
they not defaulted their last two
games in the interclass soccer they
would have stood a good chance of
placing either first or second in the
entire competition.
This is the first year that an attempt
has been made to settle the question
of interclass athletic supremacy in an
organized and satisfactory manner.
With only one more event, tennis,
yet to be finished in the interclass
athletic competition, the seniors and
sophomores are tied with 18 points
apiece. The frosh have 17 points, and
the juniors, 13.
The seniors and freshmen were tied
for first honors until the soccer cham
pionships, which the juniors won, with
the sophomores taking second, the
seniors third, and the frosh fourth.
Juniors Are Out
The juniors are definitely out of the
running for the cup which is to be
given the winners, but any of the
three other classes may win it, de
pending on the outcome of the tennis
championship.
The seniors took a first in track,
seconds in football and swimming, and
third places in soccer and basketball.
The sophomores have won first
places in basketball and swimming, a
second in soccer, third places in track
and baseball, and fourth place in foot
ball.
Defaults Costly
The frosh have won first places in
football and baseball, a second in bas
ketball, a third in swimming, and
fourth places in track and soccer. Had
they not defaulted their last two
games in the interclass soccer they
would have stood a good chance of
placing either first or second in the
entire competition.
This is the first year that an attempt
has been made to settle the question
of interclass athletic supremacy in an
organized and satisfactory manner.
With only one more event, tennis,
yet to be finished in the interclass
athletic competition, the seniors and
sophomores are tied with 18 points
apiece. The frosh have 17 points, and
the juniors, 13.
The seniors and freshmen were tied
for first honors until the soccer cham
pionships, which the juniors won, with
the sophomores taking second, the
seniors third, and the frosh fourth.
Juniors Are Out
The juniors are definitely out of the
running for the cup which is to be
given the winners, but any of the
three other classes may win it, de
pending on the outcome of the tennis
championship.
The seniors took a first in track,
seconds in football and swimming, and
third places in soccer and basketball.
The sophomores have won first
places in basketball and swimming, a
second in soccer, third places in track
and baseball, and fourth place in foot
ball.
Defaults Costly
The frosh have won first places in
football and baseball, a second in bas
ketball, a third in swimming, and
fourth places in track and soccer. Had
they not defaulted their last two
games in the interclass soccer they
would have stood a good chance of
placing either first or second in the
entire competition.
This is the first year that an attempt
has been made to settle the question
of interclass athletic supremacy in an
organized and satisfactory manner.
With only one more event, tennis,
yet to be finished in the interclass
athletic competition, the seniors and
sophomores are tied with 18 points
apiece. The frosh have 17 points, and
the juniors, 13.
The seniors and freshmen were tied
for first honors until the soccer cham
pionships, which the juniors won, with
the sophomores taking second, the
seniors third, and the frosh fourth.
Juniors Are Out
The juniors are definitely out of the
running for the cup which is to be
given the winners, but any of the
three other classes may win it, de
pending on the outcome of the tennis
championship.
The seniors took a first in track,
seconds in football and swimming, and
third places in soccer and basketball.
The sophomores have won first
places in basketball and swimming, a
second in soccer, third places in track
and baseball, and fourth place in foot
ball.
Defaults Costly
The frosh have won first places in
football and baseball, a second in bas
ketball, a third in swimming, and
fourth places in track and soccer. Had
they not defaulted their last two
games in the interclass soccer they
would have stood a good chance of
placing either first or second in the
entire competition.
This is the first year that an attempt
has been made to settle the question
of interclass athletic supremacy in an
organized and satisfactory manner.
With only one more event, tennis,
yet to be finished in the interclass
athletic competition, the seniors and
sophomores are tied with 18 points
apiece. The frosh have 17 points, and
the juniors, 13.
The seniors and freshmen were tied
for first honors until the soccer cham
pionships, which the juniors won, with
the sophomores taking second, the
seniors third, and the frosh fourth.
Juniors Are Out
The juniors are definitely out of the
running for the cup which is to be
given the winners, but any of the
three other classes may win it, de
pending on the outcome of the tennis
championship.
The seniors took a first in track,
seconds in football and swimming, and
third places in soccer and basketball.
The sophomores have won first
places in basketball and swimming, a
second in soccer, third places in track
and baseball, and fourth place in foot
ball.
Defaults Costly
The frosh have won first places in
football and baseball, a second in bas
ketball, a third in swimming, and
fourth places in track and soccer. Had
they not defaulted their last two
games in the interclass soccer they
would have stood a good chance of
placing either first or second in the
entire competition.
This is the first year that an attempt
has been made to settle the question
of interclass athletic supremacy in an
organized and satisfactory manner.
With only one more event, tennis,
yet to be finished in the interclass
athletic competition, the seniors and
sophomores are tied with 18 points
apiece. The frosh have 17 points, and
the juniors, 13.
The seniors and freshmen were tied
for first honors until the soccer cham
pionships, which the juniors won, with
the sophomores taking second, the
seniors third, and the frosh fourth.
Juniors Are Out
The juniors are definitely out of the
running for the cup which is to be
given the winners, but any of the
three other classes may win it, de
pending on the outcome of the tennis
championship.
The seniors took a first in track,
seconds in football and swimming, and
third places in soccer and basketball.
The sophomores have won first
places in basketball and swimming, a
second in soccer, third places in track
and baseball, and fourth place in foot
ball.
Defaults Costly
The frosh have won first places in
football and baseball, a second in bas
ketball, a third in swimming, and
fourth places in track and soccer. Had
they not defaulted their last two
games in the interclass soccer they
would have stood a good chance of
placing either first or second in the
entire competition.
This is the first year that an attempt
has been made to settle the question
of interclass athletic supremacy in an
organized and satisfactory manner.
With only one more event, tennis,
yet to be finished in the interclass
athletic competition, the seniors and
sophomores are tied with 18 points
apiece. The frosh have 17 points, and
the juniors, 13.
The seniors and freshmen were tied
for first honors until the soccer cham
pionships, which the juniors won, with
the sophomores taking second, the
seniors third, and the frosh fourth.
Juniors Are Out
The juniors are definitely out of the
running for the cup which is to be
given the winners, but any of the
three other classes may win it, de
pending on the outcome of the tennis
championship.
The seniors took a first in track,
seconds in football and swimming, and
third places in soccer and basketball.
The sophomores have won first
places in basketball and swimming, a
second in soccer, third places in track
and baseball, and fourth place in foot
ball.
Defaults Costly
The frosh have won first places in
football and baseball, a second in bas
ketball, a third in swimming, and
fourth places in track and soccer. Had
they not defaulted their last two
games in the interclass soccer they
would have stood a good chance of
placing either first or second in the
entire competition.
This is the first year that an attempt
has been made to settle the question
of interclass athletic supremacy in an
organized and satisfactory manner.
With only one more event, tennis,
yet to be finished in the interclass
athletic competition, the seniors and
sophomores are tied with 18 points
apiece. The frosh have 17 points, and
the juniors, 13.
The seniors and freshmen were tied
for first honors until the soccer cham
pionships, which the juniors won, with
the sophomores taking second, the
seniors third, and the frosh fourth.
Juniors Are Out
The juniors are definitely out of the
running for the cup which is to be
given the winners, but any of the
three other classes may win it, de
pending on the outcome of the tennis
championship.
The seniors took a first in track,
seconds in football and swimming, and
third places in soccer and basketball.
The sophomores have won first
places in basketball and swimming, a
second in soccer, third places in track
and baseball, and fourth place in foot
ball.
Defaults Costly
The frosh have won first places in
football and baseball, a second in bas
ketball, a third in swimming, and
fourth places in track and soccer. Had
they not defaulted their last two
games in the interclass soccer they
would have stood a good chance of
placing either first or second in the
entire competition.
This is the first year that an attempt
has been made to settle the question
of interclass athletic supremacy in an
organized and satisfactory manner.
With only one more event, tennis,
yet to be finished in the interclass
athletic competition, the seniors and
sophomores are tied with 18 points
apiece. The frosh have 17 points, and
the juniors, 13.
The seniors and freshmen were tied
for first honors until the soccer cham
pionships, which the juniors won, with
the sophomores taking second, the
seniors third, and the frosh fourth.
Juniors Are Out
The juniors are definitely out of the
running for the cup which is to be
given the winners, but any of the
three other classes may win it, de
pending on the outcome of the tennis
championship.
The seniors took a first in track,
seconds in football and swimming, and
third places in soccer and basketball.
The sophomores have won first
places in basketball and swimming, a
second in soccer, third places in track
and baseball, and fourth place in foot
ball.
Defaults Costly
The frosh have won first places in
football and baseball, a second in bas
ketball, a third in swimming, and
fourth places in track and soccer. Had
they not defaulted their last two
games in the interclass soccer they
would have stood a good chance of
placing either first or second in the
entire competition.
This is the first year that an attempt
has been made to settle the question
of interclass athletic supremacy in an
organized and satisfactory manner.
With only one more event, tennis,
yet to be finished in the interclass
athletic competition, the seniors and
sophomores are tied with 18 points
apiece. The frosh have 17 points, and
the juniors, 13.
The seniors and freshmen were tied
for first honors until the soccer cham
pionships, which the juniors won, with
the sophomores taking second, the
seniors third, and the frosh fourth.
Juniors Are Out
The juniors are definitely out of the
running for the cup which is to be
given the winners, but any of the
three other classes may win it, de
pending on the outcome of the tennis
championship.
The seniors took a first in track,
seconds in football and swimming, and
third places in soccer and basketball.
The sophomores have won first
places in basketball and swimming, a
second in soccer, third places in track
and baseball, and fourth place in foot
ball.
Defaults Costly
The frosh have won first places in
football and baseball, a second in bas
ketball, a third in swimming, and
fourth places in track and soccer. Had
they not defaulted their last two
games in the interclass soccer they
would have stood a good chance of
placing either first or second in the
entire competition.
This is the first year that an attempt
has been made to settle the question
of interclass athletic supremacy in an
organized and satisfactory manner.
With only one more event, tennis,
yet to be finished in the interclass
athletic competition, the seniors and
sophomores are tied with 18 points
apiece. The frosh have 17 points, and
the juniors, 13.
The seniors and freshmen were tied
for first honors until the soccer cham
pionships, which the juniors won, with
the sophomores taking second, the
seniors third, and the frosh fourth.
Juniors Are Out
The juniors are definitely out of the
running for the cup which is to be
given the winners, but any of the
three other classes may win it, de
pending on the outcome of the tennis
championship.
The seniors took a first in track,
seconds in football and swimming, and
third places in soccer and basketball.
The sophomores have won first
places in basketball and swimming, a
second in soccer, third places in track
and baseball, and fourth place in foot
ball.
Defaults Costly
The frosh have won first places in
football and baseball, a second in bas
ketball, a third in swimming, and
fourth places in track and soccer. Had
they not defaulted their last two
games in the interclass soccer they
would have stood a good chance of
placing either first or second in the
entire competition.
This is the first year that an attempt
has been made to settle the question
of interclass athletic supremacy in an
organized and satisfactory manner.
With only one more event, tennis,
yet to be finished in the interclass
athletic competition, the seniors and
sophomores are tied with 18 points
apiece. The frosh have 17 points, and
the juniors, 13.
The seniors and freshmen were tied
for first honors until the soccer cham
pionships, which the juniors won, with
the sophomores taking second, the
seniors third, and the frosh fourth.
Juniors Are Out
The juniors are definitely out of the
running for the cup which is to be
given the winners, but any of the
three other classes may win it, de
pending on the outcome of the tennis
championship.
The seniors took a first in track,
seconds in football and swimming, and
third places in soccer and basketball.
The sophomores have won first
places in basketball and swimming, a
second in soccer, third places in track
and baseball, and fourth place in foot
ball.
Defaults Costly
The frosh have won first places in
football and baseball, a second in bas
ketball, a third in swimming, and
fourth places in track and soccer. Had
they not defaulted their last two
games in the interclass soccer they
would have stood a good chance of
placing either first or second in the
entire competition.
This is the first year that an attempt
has been made to settle the question
of interclass athletic supremacy in an
organized and satisfactory manner.
With only one more event, tennis,
yet to be finished in the interclass
athletic competition, the seniors and
sophomores are tied with 18 points
apiece. The frosh have 17 points, and
the juniors, 13.
The seniors and freshmen were tied
for first honors until the soccer cham
pionships, which the juniors won, with
the sophomores taking second, the
seniors third, and the frosh fourth.
Juniors Are Out
The juniors are definitely out of the
running for the cup which is to be
given the winners, but any of the
three other classes may win it, de
pending on the outcome of the tennis
championship.
The seniors took a first in track,
seconds in football and swimming, and
third places in soccer and basketball.
The sophomores have won first
places in basketball and swimming, a
second in soccer, third places in track
and baseball, and fourth place in foot
ball.
Defaults Costly
The frosh have won first places in
football and baseball, a second in bas
ketball, a third in swimming, and
fourth places in track and soccer. Had
they not defaulted their last two
games in the interclass soccer they
would have stood a good chance of
placing either first or second in the
entire competition.
This is the first year that an attempt
has been made to settle the question
of interclass athletic supremacy in an
organized and satisfactory manner.
With only one more event, tennis,
yet to be finished in the interclass
athletic competition, the seniors and
sophomores are tied with 18 points
apiece. The frosh have 17 points, and
the juniors, 13.
The seniors and freshmen were tied
for first honors until the soccer cham
pionships, which the juniors won, with
the sophomores taking second, the
seniors third, and the frosh fourth.
Juniors Are Out
The juniors are definitely out of the
running for the cup which is to be
given the winners, but any of the
three other classes may win it, de
pending on the outcome of the tennis
championship.
The seniors took a first in track,
seconds in football and swimming, and
third places in soccer and basketball.
The sophomores have won first
places in basketball and swimming, a
second in soccer, third places in track
and baseball, and fourth place in foot
ball.
Defaults Costly
The frosh have won first places in
football and baseball, a second in bas
ketball, a third in swimming, and
fourth places in track and soccer. Had
they not defaulted their last two
games in the interclass soccer they
would have stood a good chance of
placing either first or second in the
entire competition.
This is the first year that an attempt
has been made to settle the question
of interclass athletic supremacy in an
organized and satisfactory manner.
With only one more event, tennis,
yet to be finished in the interclass
athletic competition, the seniors and
sophomores are tied with 18 points
apiece. The frosh have 17 points, and
the juniors, 13.
The seniors and freshmen were tied
for first honors until the soccer cham
pionships, which the juniors won, with
the sophomores taking second, the
seniors third, and the frosh fourth.
Juniors Are Out
The juniors are definitely out of the
running for the cup which is to be
given the winners, but any of the
three other classes may win it, de
pending on the outcome of the tennis
championship.
The seniors took a first in track,
seconds in football and swimming, and
third places in soccer and basketball.
The sophomores have won first
places in basketball and swimming, a
second in soccer, third places in track
and baseball, and fourth place in foot
ball.
Defaults Costly
The frosh have won first places in
football and baseball, a second in bas
ketball, a third in swimming, and
fourth places in track and soccer. Had
they not defaulted their last two
games in the interclass soccer they
would have stood a good chance of
placing either first or second in the
entire competition.
This is the first year that an attempt
has been made to settle the question
of interclass athletic supremacy in an
organized and satisfactory manner.
