# HOLMAN TO DEFEND NATIONAL NET TITLE IN DETROIT TOURNEY
## 
### 
Cranston Holman, captain of this
year's freshman team, will defend his
title of national municipal champion
in the coming matches at Detroit in
August.
He won the title last season against
a large field at St. Louis and will be
called upon to face an even larger
number of opponents this year. He
must first win the San Francisco pre
liminary tournament which will com
mence July 4 to select the representa
tive in the national event.
A fund is now being collected by a
series of exhibition matches to pay
the expenses of the winner of the
local tournament. Holman should be
able to captue the preliminaries with
out a great deal of trouble, as no
players of national prominence will
oppose him.
At Detroit, however, he will play
against some of the best players of
the country. An unusually large list
of entries is expected.
Cranston Holman, captain of this
year's freshman team, will defend his
title of national municipal champion
in the coming matches at Detroit in
August.
He won the title last season against
a large field at St. Louis and will be
called upon to face an even larger
number of opponents this year. He
must first win the San Francisco pre
liminary tournament which will com
mence July 4 to select the representa
tive in the national event.
A fund is now being collected by a
series of exhibition matches to pay
the expenses of the winner of the
local tournament. Holman should be
able to captue the preliminaries with
out a great deal of trouble, as no
players of national prominence will
oppose him.
At Detroit, however, he will play
against some of the best players of
the country. An unusually large list
of entries is expected.
Cranston Holman, captain of this
year's freshman team, will defend his
title of national municipal champion
in the coming matches at Detroit in
August.
He won the title last season against
a large field at St. Louis and will be
called upon to face an even larger
number of opponents this year. He
must first win the San Francisco pre
liminary tournament which will com
mence July 4 to select the representa
tive in the national event.
A fund is now being collected by a
series of exhibition matches to pay
the expenses of the winner of the
local tournament. Holman should be
able to captue the preliminaries with
out a great deal of trouble, as no
players of national prominence will
oppose him.
At Detroit, however, he will play
against some of the best players of
the country. An unusually large list
of entries is expected.
Cranston Holman, captain of this
year's freshman team, will defend his
title of national municipal champion
in the coming matches at Detroit in
August.
He won the title last season against
a large field at St. Louis and will be
called upon to face an even larger
number of opponents this year. He
must first win the San Francisco pre
liminary tournament which will com
mence July 4 to select the representa
tive in the national event.
A fund is now being collected by a
series of exhibition matches to pay
the expenses of the winner of the
local tournament. Holman should be
able to captue the preliminaries with
out a great deal of trouble, as no
players of national prominence will
oppose him.
At Detroit, however, he will play
against some of the best players of
the country. An unusually large list
of entries is expected.
Cranston Holman, captain of this
year's freshman team, will defend his
title of national municipal champion
in the coming matches at Detroit in
August.
He won the title last season against
a large field at St. Louis and will be
called upon to face an even larger
number of opponents this year. He
must first win the San Francisco pre
liminary tournament which will com
mence July 4 to select the representa
tive in the national event.
A fund is now being collected by a
series of exhibition matches to pay
the expenses of the winner of the
local tournament. Holman should be
able to captue the preliminaries with
out a great deal of trouble, as no
players of national prominence will
oppose him.
At Detroit, however, he will play
against some of the best players of
the country. An unusually large list
of entries is expected.
Cranston Holman, captain of this
year's freshman team, will defend his
title of national municipal champion
in the coming matches at Detroit in
August.
He won the title last season against
a large field at St. Louis and will be
called upon to face an even larger
number of opponents this year. He
must first win the San Francisco pre
liminary tournament which will com
mence July 4 to select the representa
tive in the national event.
A fund is now being collected by a
series of exhibition matches to pay
the expenses of the winner of the
local tournament. Holman should be
able to captue the preliminaries with
out a great deal of trouble, as no
players of national prominence will
oppose him.
At Detroit, however, he will play
against some of the best players of
the country. An unusually large list
of entries is expected.
Cranston Holman, captain of this
year's freshman team, will defend his
title of national municipal champion
in the coming matches at Detroit in
August.
He won the title last season against
a large field at St. Louis and will be
called upon to face an even larger
number of opponents this year. He
must first win the San Francisco pre
liminary tournament which will com
mence July 4 to select the representa
tive in the national event.
A fund is now being collected by a
series of exhibition matches to pay
the expenses of the winner of the
local tournament. Holman should be
able to captue the preliminaries with
out a great deal of trouble, as no
players of national prominence will
oppose him.
At Detroit, however, he will play
against some of the best players of
the country. An unusually large list
of entries is expected.
Cranston Holman, captain of this
year's freshman team, will defend his
title of national municipal champion
in the coming matches at Detroit in
August.
He won the title last season against
a large field at St. Louis and will be
called upon to face an even larger
number of opponents this year. He
must first win the San Francisco pre
liminary tournament which will com
mence July 4 to select the representa
tive in the national event.
A fund is now being collected by a
series of exhibition matches to pay
the expenses of the winner of the
local tournament. Holman should be
able to captue the preliminaries with
out a great deal of trouble, as no
players of national prominence will
oppose him.
At Detroit, however, he will play
against some of the best players of
the country. An unusually large list
of entries is expected.
Cranston Holman, captain of this
year's freshman team, will defend his
title of national municipal champion
in the coming matches at Detroit in
August.
He won the title last season against
a large field at St. Louis and will be
called upon to face an even larger
number of opponents this year. He
must first win the San Francisco pre
liminary tournament which will com
mence July 4 to select the representa
tive in the national event.
A fund is now being collected by a
series of exhibition matches to pay
the expenses of the winner of the
local tournament. Holman should be
able to captue the preliminaries with
out a great deal of trouble, as no
players of national prominence will
oppose him.
At Detroit, however, he will play
against some of the best players of
the country. An unusually large list
of entries is expected.
Cranston Holman, captain of this
year's freshman team, will defend his
title of national municipal champion
in the coming matches at Detroit in
August.
He won the title last season against
a large field at St. Louis and will be
called upon to face an even larger
number of opponents this year. He
must first win the San Francisco pre
liminary tournament which will com
mence July 4 to select the representa
tive in the national event.
A fund is now being collected by a
series of exhibition matches to pay
the expenses of the winner of the
local tournament. Holman should be
able to captue the preliminaries with
out a great deal of trouble, as no
players of national prominence will
oppose him.
At Detroit, however, he will play
against some of the best players of
the country. An unusually large list
of entries is expected.
Cranston Holman, captain of this
year's freshman team, will defend his
title of national municipal champion
in the coming matches at Detroit in
August.
He won the title last season against
a large field at St. Louis and will be
called upon to face an even larger
number of opponents this year. He
must first win the San Francisco pre
liminary tournament which will com
mence July 4 to select the representa
tive in the national event.
A fund is now being collected by a
series of exhibition matches to pay
the expenses of the winner of the
local tournament. Holman should be
able to captue the preliminaries with
out a great deal of trouble, as no
players of national prominence will
oppose him.
At Detroit, however, he will play
against some of the best players of
the country. An unusually large list
of entries is expected.
Cranston Holman, captain of this
year's freshman team, will defend his
title of national municipal champion
in the coming matches at Detroit in
August.
He won the title last season against
a large field at St. Louis and will be
called upon to face an even larger
number of opponents this year. He
must first win the San Francisco pre
liminary tournament which will com
mence July 4 to select the representa
tive in the national event.
A fund is now being collected by a
series of exhibition matches to pay
the expenses of the winner of the
local tournament. Holman should be
able to captue the preliminaries with
out a great deal of trouble, as no
players of national prominence will
oppose him.
At Detroit, however, he will play
against some of the best players of
the country. An unusually large list
of entries is expected.
Cranston Holman, captain of this
year's freshman team, will defend his
title of national municipal champion
in the coming matches at Detroit in
August.
He won the title last season against
a large field at St. Louis and will be
called upon to face an even larger
number of opponents this year. He
must first win the San Francisco pre
liminary tournament which will com
mence July 4 to select the representa
tive in the national event.
A fund is now being collected by a
series of exhibition matches to pay
the expenses of the winner of the
local tournament. Holman should be
able to captue the preliminaries with
out a great deal of trouble, as no
players of national prominence will
oppose him.
At Detroit, however, he will play
against some of the best players of
the country. An unusually large list
of entries is expected.
Cranston Holman, captain of this
year's freshman team, will defend his
title of national municipal champion
in the coming matches at Detroit in
August.
He won the title last season against
a large field at St. Louis and will be
called upon to face an even larger
number of opponents this year. He
must first win the San Francisco pre
liminary tournament which will com
mence July 4 to select the representa
tive in the national event.
A fund is now being collected by a
series of exhibition matches to pay
the expenses of the winner of the
local tournament. Holman should be
able to captue the preliminaries with
out a great deal of trouble, as no
players of national prominence will
oppose him.
At Detroit, however, he will play
against some of the best players of
the country. An unusually large list
of entries is expected.
Cranston Holman, captain of this
year's freshman team, will defend his
title of national municipal champion
in the coming matches at Detroit in
August.
He won the title last season against
a large field at St. Louis and will be
called upon to face an even larger
number of opponents this year. He
must first win the San Francisco pre
liminary tournament which will com
mence July 4 to select the representa
tive in the national event.
A fund is now being collected by a
series of exhibition matches to pay
the expenses of the winner of the
local tournament. Holman should be
able to captue the preliminaries with
out a great deal of trouble, as no
players of national prominence will
oppose him.
At Detroit, however, he will play
against some of the best players of
the country. An unusually large list
of entries is expected.
