# Adv. 28 Page 4
## 
### 
We'd
Like You
To
Meet
By
DAISY DAY.
•
"Schottishe" —a sweater
that's as merry as the
dance it's named for. Knit
ted in an all over pattern
of snow flakes like your
favorite ski sweater, and
cut like a man's vestee, it
shines over a white shirt
and matching gabardine
skirt. The latter require
ment is filled by the Trik
shirt which lives up to its
name with its clever pack
able pleats and clean cut
lines. The sweater in red
or blue with white ($5).
The skirt to match or in
green or yellow ($5).
520 Itamona Street
We'd
Like You
To
Meet
By
DAISY DAY.
•
"Schottishe" —a sweater
that's as merry as the
dance it's named for. Knit
ted in an all over pattern
of snow flakes like your
favorite ski sweater, and
cut like a man's vestee, it
shines over a white shirt
and matching gabardine
skirt. The latter require
ment is filled by the Trik
shirt which lives up to its
name with its clever pack
able pleats and clean cut
lines. The sweater in red
or blue with white ($5).
The skirt to match or in
green or yellow ($5).
520 Itamona Street
We'd
Like You
To
Meet
By
DAISY DAY.
•
"Schottishe" —a sweater
that's as merry as the
dance it's named for. Knit
ted in an all over pattern
of snow flakes like your
favorite ski sweater, and
cut like a man's vestee, it
shines over a white shirt
and matching gabardine
skirt. The latter require
ment is filled by the Trik
shirt which lives up to its
name with its clever pack
able pleats and clean cut
lines. The sweater in red
or blue with white ($5).
The skirt to match or in
green or yellow ($5).
520 Itamona Street
We'd
Like You
To
Meet
By
DAISY DAY.
•
"Schottishe" —a sweater
that's as merry as the
dance it's named for. Knit
ted in an all over pattern
of snow flakes like your
favorite ski sweater, and
cut like a man's vestee, it
shines over a white shirt
and matching gabardine
skirt. The latter require
ment is filled by the Trik
shirt which lives up to its
name with its clever pack
able pleats and clean cut
lines. The sweater in red
or blue with white ($5).
The skirt to match or in
green or yellow ($5).
520 Itamona Street
We'd
Like You
To
Meet
By
DAISY DAY.
•
"Schottishe" —a sweater
that's as merry as the
dance it's named for. Knit
ted in an all over pattern
of snow flakes like your
favorite ski sweater, and
cut like a man's vestee, it
shines over a white shirt
and matching gabardine
skirt. The latter require
ment is filled by the Trik
shirt which lives up to its
name with its clever pack
able pleats and clean cut
lines. The sweater in red
or blue with white ($5).
The skirt to match or in
green or yellow ($5).
520 Itamona Street
We'd
Like You
To
Meet
By
DAISY DAY.
•
"Schottishe" —a sweater
that's as merry as the
dance it's named for. Knit
ted in an all over pattern
of snow flakes like your
favorite ski sweater, and
cut like a man's vestee, it
shines over a white shirt
and matching gabardine
skirt. The latter require
ment is filled by the Trik
shirt which lives up to its
name with its clever pack
able pleats and clean cut
lines. The sweater in red
or blue with white ($5).
The skirt to match or in
green or yellow ($5).
520 Itamona Street
We'd
Like You
To
Meet
By
DAISY DAY.
•
"Schottishe" —a sweater
that's as merry as the
dance it's named for. Knit
ted in an all over pattern
of snow flakes like your
favorite ski sweater, and
cut like a man's vestee, it
shines over a white shirt
and matching gabardine
skirt. The latter require
ment is filled by the Trik
shirt which lives up to its
name with its clever pack
able pleats and clean cut
lines. The sweater in red
or blue with white ($5).
The skirt to match or in
green or yellow ($5).
520 Itamona Street
We'd
Like You
To
Meet
By
DAISY DAY.
•
"Schottishe" —a sweater
that's as merry as the
dance it's named for. Knit
ted in an all over pattern
of snow flakes like your
favorite ski sweater, and
cut like a man's vestee, it
shines over a white shirt
and matching gabardine
skirt. The latter require
ment is filled by the Trik
shirt which lives up to its
name with its clever pack
able pleats and clean cut
lines. The sweater in red
or blue with white ($5).
The skirt to match or in
green or yellow ($5).
520 Itamona Street
We'd
Like You
To
Meet
By
DAISY DAY.
•
"Schottishe" —a sweater
that's as merry as the
dance it's named for. Knit
ted in an all over pattern
of snow flakes like your
favorite ski sweater, and
cut like a man's vestee, it
shines over a white shirt
and matching gabardine
skirt. The latter require
ment is filled by the Trik
shirt which lives up to its
name with its clever pack
able pleats and clean cut
lines. The sweater in red
or blue with white ($5).
The skirt to match or in
green or yellow ($5).
520 Itamona Street
We'd
Like You
To
Meet
By
DAISY DAY.
•
"Schottishe" —a sweater
that's as merry as the
dance it's named for. Knit
ted in an all over pattern
of snow flakes like your
favorite ski sweater, and
cut like a man's vestee, it
shines over a white shirt
and matching gabardine
skirt. The latter require
ment is filled by the Trik
shirt which lives up to its
name with its clever pack
able pleats and clean cut
lines. The sweater in red
or blue with white ($5).
The skirt to match or in
green or yellow ($5).
520 Itamona Street
We'd
Like You
To
Meet
By
DAISY DAY.
•
"Schottishe" —a sweater
that's as merry as the
dance it's named for. Knit
ted in an all over pattern
of snow flakes like your
favorite ski sweater, and
cut like a man's vestee, it
shines over a white shirt
and matching gabardine
skirt. The latter require
ment is filled by the Trik
shirt which lives up to its
name with its clever pack
able pleats and clean cut
lines. The sweater in red
or blue with white ($5).
The skirt to match or in
green or yellow ($5).
520 Itamona Street
We'd
Like You
To
Meet
By
DAISY DAY.
•
"Schottishe" —a sweater
that's as merry as the
dance it's named for. Knit
ted in an all over pattern
of snow flakes like your
favorite ski sweater, and
cut like a man's vestee, it
shines over a white shirt
and matching gabardine
skirt. The latter require
ment is filled by the Trik
shirt which lives up to its
name with its clever pack
able pleats and clean cut
lines. The sweater in red
or blue with white ($5).
The skirt to match or in
green or yellow ($5).
520 Itamona Street
We'd
Like You
To
Meet
By
DAISY DAY.
•
"Schottishe" —a sweater
that's as merry as the
dance it's named for. Knit
ted in an all over pattern
of snow flakes like your
favorite ski sweater, and
cut like a man's vestee, it
shines over a white shirt
and matching gabardine
skirt. The latter require
ment is filled by the Trik
shirt which lives up to its
name with its clever pack
able pleats and clean cut
lines. The sweater in red
or blue with white ($5).
The skirt to match or in
green or yellow ($5).
520 Itamona Street
We'd
Like You
To
Meet
By
DAISY DAY.
•
"Schottishe" —a sweater
that's as merry as the
dance it's named for. Knit
ted in an all over pattern
of snow flakes like your
favorite ski sweater, and
cut like a man's vestee, it
shines over a white shirt
and matching gabardine
skirt. The latter require
ment is filled by the Trik
shirt which lives up to its
name with its clever pack
able pleats and clean cut
lines. The sweater in red
or blue with white ($5).
The skirt to match or in
green or yellow ($5).
520 Itamona Street
We'd
Like You
To
Meet
By
DAISY DAY.
•
"Schottishe" —a sweater
that's as merry as the
dance it's named for. Knit
ted in an all over pattern
of snow flakes like your
favorite ski sweater, and
cut like a man's vestee, it
shines over a white shirt
and matching gabardine
skirt. The latter require
ment is filled by the Trik
shirt which lives up to its
name with its clever pack
able pleats and clean cut
lines. The sweater in red
or blue with white ($5).
The skirt to match or in
green or yellow ($5).
520 Itamona Street
We'd
Like You
To
Meet
By
DAISY DAY.
•
"Schottishe" —a sweater
that's as merry as the
dance it's named for. Knit
ted in an all over pattern
of snow flakes like your
favorite ski sweater, and
cut like a man's vestee, it
shines over a white shirt
and matching gabardine
skirt. The latter require
ment is filled by the Trik
shirt which lives up to its
name with its clever pack
able pleats and clean cut
lines. The sweater in red
or blue with white ($5).
The skirt to match or in
green or yellow ($5).
520 Itamona Street
We'd
Like You
To
Meet
By
DAISY DAY.
•
"Schottishe" —a sweater
that's as merry as the
dance it's named for. Knit
ted in an all over pattern
of snow flakes like your
favorite ski sweater, and
cut like a man's vestee, it
shines over a white shirt
and matching gabardine
skirt. The latter require
ment is filled by the Trik
shirt which lives up to its
name with its clever pack
able pleats and clean cut
lines. The sweater in red
or blue with white ($5).
The skirt to match or in
green or yellow ($5).
520 Itamona Street
We'd
Like You
To
Meet
By
DAISY DAY.
•
"Schottishe" —a sweater
that's as merry as the
dance it's named for. Knit
ted in an all over pattern
of snow flakes like your
favorite ski sweater, and
cut like a man's vestee, it
shines over a white shirt
and matching gabardine
skirt. The latter require
ment is filled by the Trik
shirt which lives up to its
name with its clever pack
able pleats and clean cut
lines. The sweater in red
or blue with white ($5).
The skirt to match or in
green or yellow ($5).
520 Itamona Street
