# Cardinal off, but the beat went on
## 
### 
Photos by Andrew Kalman, Art Streiber and Greg Webb

As any Band fan knows, there is more to the LSJUMB's music
than meets the ear: The entertainers are also exciting to
watch. Fighting off a bumbling image created by last year's
Big Game loss, the Band stormed the field this year in an im
pressive display of improved talent and humor. Halftime
shows featured satires of lames Watt and the Hoover Institu
tion and the story of downed trombone player Gary Tyrrell's
revenge on Cal. The Band is expected to cause some sort of
hoop-la during the basketball season.







Photos by Andrew Kalman, Art Streiber and Greg Webb

As any Band fan knows, there is more to the LSJUMB's music
than meets the ear: The entertainers are also exciting to
watch. Fighting off a bumbling image created by last year's
Big Game loss, the Band stormed the field this year in an im
pressive display of improved talent and humor. Halftime
shows featured satires of lames Watt and the Hoover Institu
tion and the story of downed trombone player Gary Tyrrell's
revenge on Cal. The Band is expected to cause some sort of
hoop-la during the basketball season.







Photos by Andrew Kalman, Art Streiber and Greg Webb

As any Band fan knows, there is more to the LSJUMB's music
than meets the ear: The entertainers are also exciting to
watch. Fighting off a bumbling image created by last year's
Big Game loss, the Band stormed the field this year in an im
pressive display of improved talent and humor. Halftime
shows featured satires of lames Watt and the Hoover Institu
tion and the story of downed trombone player Gary Tyrrell's
revenge on Cal. The Band is expected to cause some sort of
hoop-la during the basketball season.







Photos by Andrew Kalman, Art Streiber and Greg Webb

As any Band fan knows, there is more to the LSJUMB's music
than meets the ear: The entertainers are also exciting to
watch. Fighting off a bumbling image created by last year's
Big Game loss, the Band stormed the field this year in an im
pressive display of improved talent and humor. Halftime
shows featured satires of lames Watt and the Hoover Institu
tion and the story of downed trombone player Gary Tyrrell's
revenge on Cal. The Band is expected to cause some sort of
hoop-la during the basketball season.







Photos by Andrew Kalman, Art Streiber and Greg Webb

As any Band fan knows, there is more to the LSJUMB's music
than meets the ear: The entertainers are also exciting to
watch. Fighting off a bumbling image created by last year's
Big Game loss, the Band stormed the field this year in an im
pressive display of improved talent and humor. Halftime
shows featured satires of lames Watt and the Hoover Institu
tion and the story of downed trombone player Gary Tyrrell's
revenge on Cal. The Band is expected to cause some sort of
hoop-la during the basketball season.







Photos by Andrew Kalman, Art Streiber and Greg Webb

As any Band fan knows, there is more to the LSJUMB's music
than meets the ear: The entertainers are also exciting to
watch. Fighting off a bumbling image created by last year's
Big Game loss, the Band stormed the field this year in an im
pressive display of improved talent and humor. Halftime
shows featured satires of lames Watt and the Hoover Institu
tion and the story of downed trombone player Gary Tyrrell's
revenge on Cal. The Band is expected to cause some sort of
hoop-la during the basketball season.







Photos by Andrew Kalman, Art Streiber and Greg Webb

As any Band fan knows, there is more to the LSJUMB's music
than meets the ear: The entertainers are also exciting to
watch. Fighting off a bumbling image created by last year's
Big Game loss, the Band stormed the field this year in an im
pressive display of improved talent and humor. Halftime
shows featured satires of lames Watt and the Hoover Institu
tion and the story of downed trombone player Gary Tyrrell's
revenge on Cal. The Band is expected to cause some sort of
hoop-la during the basketball season.







Photos by Andrew Kalman, Art Streiber and Greg Webb

As any Band fan knows, there is more to the LSJUMB's music
than meets the ear: The entertainers are also exciting to
watch. Fighting off a bumbling image created by last year's
Big Game loss, the Band stormed the field this year in an im
pressive display of improved talent and humor. Halftime
shows featured satires of lames Watt and the Hoover Institu
tion and the story of downed trombone player Gary Tyrrell's
revenge on Cal. The Band is expected to cause some sort of
hoop-la during the basketball season.







