# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The game which Berkeley's hase
hall men played on our diamond
hist Saturday was a revelation to
ninny who imagined that Berkeley
could never learn to play the na
tional game. The game was very
carefully played l»y Berkeley
throughout; no one lost his head,
and the team played well together.
Naturally enough Berkeley is jub
ilant, and having at last won a.
victory, seems to Believe a defeat
By Stanford is within her reach at
last. Stanford is not Santa Clara,
however, and our Berkeley friends

may have a chance to note the dis
tinction; but one thing is certain,
our ball men must settle down to
bard work or Berkeley may win a
game'yet. Our team h:is shown
better form in batting and fielding
and in many ways is fast improv
ing, but it will take much hard
practice during the next few days
to win the championship this sea
son.
The game which Berkeley's hase
hall men played on our diamond
hist Saturday was a revelation to
ninny who imagined that Berkeley
could never learn to play the na
tional game. The game was very
carefully played l»y Berkeley
throughout; no one lost his head,
and the team played well together.
Naturally enough Berkeley is jub
ilant, and having at last won a.
victory, seems to Believe a defeat
By Stanford is within her reach at
last. Stanford is not Santa Clara,
however, and our Berkeley friends

may have a chance to note the dis
tinction; but one thing is certain,
our ball men must settle down to
bard work or Berkeley may win a
game'yet. Our team h:is shown
better form in batting and fielding
and in many ways is fast improv
ing, but it will take much hard
practice during the next few days
to win the championship this sea
son.
The game which Berkeley's hase
hall men played on our diamond
hist Saturday was a revelation to
ninny who imagined that Berkeley
could never learn to play the na
tional game. The game was very
carefully played l»y Berkeley
throughout; no one lost his head,
and the team played well together.
Naturally enough Berkeley is jub
ilant, and having at last won a.
victory, seems to Believe a defeat
By Stanford is within her reach at
last. Stanford is not Santa Clara,
however, and our Berkeley friends

may have a chance to note the dis
tinction; but one thing is certain,
our ball men must settle down to
bard work or Berkeley may win a
game'yet. Our team h:is shown
better form in batting and fielding
and in many ways is fast improv
ing, but it will take much hard
practice during the next few days
to win the championship this sea
son.
The game which Berkeley's hase
hall men played on our diamond
hist Saturday was a revelation to
ninny who imagined that Berkeley
could never learn to play the na
tional game. The game was very
carefully played l»y Berkeley
throughout; no one lost his head,
and the team played well together.
Naturally enough Berkeley is jub
ilant, and having at last won a.
victory, seems to Believe a defeat
By Stanford is within her reach at
last. Stanford is not Santa Clara,
however, and our Berkeley friends

may have a chance to note the dis
tinction; but one thing is certain,
our ball men must settle down to
bard work or Berkeley may win a
game'yet. Our team h:is shown
better form in batting and fielding
and in many ways is fast improv
ing, but it will take much hard
practice during the next few days
to win the championship this sea
son.
