# Greatest Living Wagner Tenor.
## 
### 
lierr Anton Schott, who was a
pupil of the, great Wagner and who
is at present court singer to the
Emperor of Germany, will appear
before the students of Stanford
University m the chapel next
Thursday evening at 8 p.m. lierr
Schott is making a tour of the
world in the interests of the Wag
ner Opera, and it is his purpose to
awaken an interest in this form of
art in this country. He has been
warmly welcomed by cultivated
people and artists everywhere and
has been applauded not infre
quently by the crowned heads of
Europe. He is easily first among
his contemporaries, and it. must be
considered a great good fortune to
have him come here to sing to us
on our own campus. it was his
desire to appear before an appre
ciative audience on this Coast, and
being a friend of Prof. Goebel he
yielded to a request to singat Stan
ford; all of which is in the nature
of a compliment to this institution.
lierr Anton Schott, who was a
pupil of the, great Wagner and who
is at present court singer to the
Emperor of Germany, will appear
before the students of Stanford
University m the chapel next
Thursday evening at 8 p.m. lierr
Schott is making a tour of the
world in the interests of the Wag
ner Opera, and it is his purpose to
awaken an interest in this form of
art in this country. He has been
warmly welcomed by cultivated
people and artists everywhere and
has been applauded not infre
quently by the crowned heads of
Europe. He is easily first among
his contemporaries, and it. must be
considered a great good fortune to
have him come here to sing to us
on our own campus. it was his
desire to appear before an appre
ciative audience on this Coast, and
being a friend of Prof. Goebel he
yielded to a request to singat Stan
ford; all of which is in the nature
of a compliment to this institution.
lierr Anton Schott, who was a
pupil of the, great Wagner and who
is at present court singer to the
Emperor of Germany, will appear
before the students of Stanford
University m the chapel next
Thursday evening at 8 p.m. lierr
Schott is making a tour of the
world in the interests of the Wag
ner Opera, and it is his purpose to
awaken an interest in this form of
art in this country. He has been
warmly welcomed by cultivated
people and artists everywhere and
has been applauded not infre
quently by the crowned heads of
Europe. He is easily first among
his contemporaries, and it. must be
considered a great good fortune to
have him come here to sing to us
on our own campus. it was his
desire to appear before an appre
ciative audience on this Coast, and
being a friend of Prof. Goebel he
yielded to a request to singat Stan
ford; all of which is in the nature
of a compliment to this institution.
lierr Anton Schott, who was a
pupil of the, great Wagner and who
is at present court singer to the
Emperor of Germany, will appear
before the students of Stanford
University m the chapel next
Thursday evening at 8 p.m. lierr
Schott is making a tour of the
world in the interests of the Wag
ner Opera, and it is his purpose to
awaken an interest in this form of
art in this country. He has been
warmly welcomed by cultivated
people and artists everywhere and
has been applauded not infre
quently by the crowned heads of
Europe. He is easily first among
his contemporaries, and it. must be
considered a great good fortune to
have him come here to sing to us
on our own campus. it was his
desire to appear before an appre
ciative audience on this Coast, and
being a friend of Prof. Goebel he
yielded to a request to singat Stan
ford; all of which is in the nature
of a compliment to this institution.
