# The
						Annual.
## 
### 
The '5>7 Quad will be seen within
two weeks, and the interest always
attendant upon the appearance of
such a book is increasing from day
to day. As has often been said,
Vol. 11l has a much larger number
of drawings and photographs, and
is, in other ways, more elaborate
than either of the previous years'
books, and it is expected that the
sale will be proportionately large.
Subscriptions are taken again this
year as in the case of the '95 An
nual. Every one will be given an
opportunity to subscribe, and
enough copies will be printed to
cover the subscription, with only a
few extra for outside purposes. It
is the intention of the management
to have none left over unsold, and
this method has been adopted in
order that a careful estimate may
he made and at the same time al
low everyone an Annual who really
desires one.
On the tirst two days of its ap
pearance it will be sold to those
only who have subscribed, and af
terwards what are left will be
thrown open to all the others.
Probably only about seventy-live
extra will be printed and it will
not be possible to have a second
edition. Subscription books are in
the hands of twenty-live students,
and if persons wish to be sure ol
getting a.'97 Quad, and also wish
to have the book while it is new
and bright, he will do well to sub
scribe from some one of them imme
diately. The price will be $1.50 to
all.
