# SPECIAL NOTICES
## 
### 
Lost—Fleur (li lis pin set with dia
mond between Roble gym and Library
or Row. Miss Wilcox, Gamma Phi
Heta.
Lost—A neck piece of Fitch fur Fri
day. Telephone Palo Alto 74. 11-8
Lost—Fleur (li lis pin set with dia
mond between Roble gym and Library
or Row. Miss Wilcox, Gamma Phi
Heta.
Lost—A neck piece of Fitch fur Fri
day. Telephone Palo Alto 74. 11-8
Lost—Fleur (li lis pin set with dia
mond between Roble gym and Library
or Row. Miss Wilcox, Gamma Phi
Heta.
Lost—A neck piece of Fitch fur Fri
day. Telephone Palo Alto 74. 11-8
Lost—Fleur (li lis pin set with dia
mond between Roble gym and Library
or Row. Miss Wilcox, Gamma Phi
Heta.
Lost—A neck piece of Fitch fur Fri
day. Telephone Palo Alto 74. 11-8
Lost—Fleur (li lis pin set with dia
mond between Roble gym and Library
or Row. Miss Wilcox, Gamma Phi
Heta.
Lost—A neck piece of Fitch fur Fri
day. Telephone Palo Alto 74. 11-8
Lost—Fleur (li lis pin set with dia
mond between Roble gym and Library
or Row. Miss Wilcox, Gamma Phi
Heta.
Lost—A neck piece of Fitch fur Fri
day. Telephone Palo Alto 74. 11-8
Lost—Fleur (li lis pin set with dia
mond between Roble gym and Library
or Row. Miss Wilcox, Gamma Phi
Heta.
Lost—A neck piece of Fitch fur Fri
day. Telephone Palo Alto 74. 11-8
Lost—Fleur (li lis pin set with dia
mond between Roble gym and Library
or Row. Miss Wilcox, Gamma Phi
Heta.
Lost—A neck piece of Fitch fur Fri
day. Telephone Palo Alto 74. 11-8
Lost—Fleur (li lis pin set with dia
mond between Roble gym and Library
or Row. Miss Wilcox, Gamma Phi
Heta.
Lost—A neck piece of Fitch fur Fri
day. Telephone Palo Alto 74. 11-8
Lost—Fleur (li lis pin set with dia
mond between Roble gym and Library
or Row. Miss Wilcox, Gamma Phi
Heta.
Lost—A neck piece of Fitch fur Fri
day. Telephone Palo Alto 74. 11-8
Lost—Fleur (li lis pin set with dia
mond between Roble gym and Library
or Row. Miss Wilcox, Gamma Phi
Heta.
Lost—A neck piece of Fitch fur Fri
day. Telephone Palo Alto 74. 11-8
Lost—Fleur (li lis pin set with dia
mond between Roble gym and Library
or Row. Miss Wilcox, Gamma Phi
Heta.
Lost—A neck piece of Fitch fur Fri
day. Telephone Palo Alto 74. 11-8
Lost—Fleur (li lis pin set with dia
mond between Roble gym and Library
or Row. Miss Wilcox, Gamma Phi
Heta.
Lost—A neck piece of Fitch fur Fri
day. Telephone Palo Alto 74. 11-8
