# Orders Being Taken For Graduation Bids
## 
### 
Orders may now l>e placed for
graduation announcements and
programs in the typewriter section
of the Bookstore. Announcement
price is 15 rents, program $1.50.
Cash payment must accompany all
orders.
The programs are bound in
leather and include campus pic
tures. names of the graduates, and
a list of Senior Class Day activi
ties.
Orders may now l>e placed for
graduation announcements and
programs in the typewriter section
of the Bookstore. Announcement
price is 15 rents, program $1.50.
Cash payment must accompany all
orders.
The programs are bound in
leather and include campus pic
tures. names of the graduates, and
a list of Senior Class Day activi
ties.
Orders may now l>e placed for
graduation announcements and
programs in the typewriter section
of the Bookstore. Announcement
price is 15 rents, program $1.50.
Cash payment must accompany all
orders.
The programs are bound in
leather and include campus pic
tures. names of the graduates, and
a list of Senior Class Day activi
ties.
Orders may now l>e placed for
graduation announcements and
programs in the typewriter section
of the Bookstore. Announcement
price is 15 rents, program $1.50.
Cash payment must accompany all
orders.
The programs are bound in
leather and include campus pic
tures. names of the graduates, and
a list of Senior Class Day activi
ties.
Orders may now l>e placed for
graduation announcements and
programs in the typewriter section
of the Bookstore. Announcement
price is 15 rents, program $1.50.
Cash payment must accompany all
orders.
The programs are bound in
leather and include campus pic
tures. names of the graduates, and
a list of Senior Class Day activi
ties.
Orders may now l>e placed for
graduation announcements and
programs in the typewriter section
of the Bookstore. Announcement
price is 15 rents, program $1.50.
Cash payment must accompany all
orders.
The programs are bound in
leather and include campus pic
tures. names of the graduates, and
a list of Senior Class Day activi
ties.
Orders may now l>e placed for
graduation announcements and
programs in the typewriter section
of the Bookstore. Announcement
price is 15 rents, program $1.50.
Cash payment must accompany all
orders.
The programs are bound in
leather and include campus pic
tures. names of the graduates, and
a list of Senior Class Day activi
ties.
Orders may now l>e placed for
graduation announcements and
programs in the typewriter section
of the Bookstore. Announcement
price is 15 rents, program $1.50.
Cash payment must accompany all
orders.
The programs are bound in
leather and include campus pic
tures. names of the graduates, and
a list of Senior Class Day activi
ties.
Orders may now l>e placed for
graduation announcements and
programs in the typewriter section
of the Bookstore. Announcement
price is 15 rents, program $1.50.
Cash payment must accompany all
orders.
The programs are bound in
leather and include campus pic
tures. names of the graduates, and
a list of Senior Class Day activi
ties.
Orders may now l>e placed for
graduation announcements and
programs in the typewriter section
of the Bookstore. Announcement
price is 15 rents, program $1.50.
Cash payment must accompany all
orders.
The programs are bound in
leather and include campus pic
tures. names of the graduates, and
a list of Senior Class Day activi
ties.
Orders may now l>e placed for
graduation announcements and
programs in the typewriter section
of the Bookstore. Announcement
price is 15 rents, program $1.50.
Cash payment must accompany all
orders.
The programs are bound in
leather and include campus pic
tures. names of the graduates, and
a list of Senior Class Day activi
ties.
Orders may now l>e placed for
graduation announcements and
programs in the typewriter section
of the Bookstore. Announcement
price is 15 rents, program $1.50.
Cash payment must accompany all
orders.
The programs are bound in
leather and include campus pic
tures. names of the graduates, and
a list of Senior Class Day activi
ties.
Orders may now l>e placed for
graduation announcements and
programs in the typewriter section
of the Bookstore. Announcement
price is 15 rents, program $1.50.
Cash payment must accompany all
orders.
The programs are bound in
leather and include campus pic
tures. names of the graduates, and
a list of Senior Class Day activi
ties.
Orders may now l>e placed for
graduation announcements and
programs in the typewriter section
of the Bookstore. Announcement
price is 15 rents, program $1.50.
Cash payment must accompany all
orders.
The programs are bound in
leather and include campus pic
tures. names of the graduates, and
a list of Senior Class Day activi
ties.
