# RIFLE SQUAD WINS
## 
### 
Stanford's varsity rifle team shot
clown San Jose State's squad 1,392
to 1 ,r>72 yesterday in San Jose, giv

ing the Indians a third-place tie in
the league with the Spartans. Tom
Murray led Stanford with 282 points.
Stanford's varsity rifle team shot
clown San Jose State's squad 1,392
to 1 ,r>72 yesterday in San Jose, giv

ing the Indians a third-place tie in
the league with the Spartans. Tom
Murray led Stanford with 282 points.
Stanford's varsity rifle team shot
clown San Jose State's squad 1,392
to 1 ,r>72 yesterday in San Jose, giv

ing the Indians a third-place tie in
the league with the Spartans. Tom
Murray led Stanford with 282 points.
Stanford's varsity rifle team shot
clown San Jose State's squad 1,392
to 1 ,r>72 yesterday in San Jose, giv

ing the Indians a third-place tie in
the league with the Spartans. Tom
Murray led Stanford with 282 points.
Stanford's varsity rifle team shot
clown San Jose State's squad 1,392
to 1 ,r>72 yesterday in San Jose, giv

ing the Indians a third-place tie in
the league with the Spartans. Tom
Murray led Stanford with 282 points.
Stanford's varsity rifle team shot
clown San Jose State's squad 1,392
to 1 ,r>72 yesterday in San Jose, giv

ing the Indians a third-place tie in
the league with the Spartans. Tom
Murray led Stanford with 282 points.
Stanford's varsity rifle team shot
clown San Jose State's squad 1,392
to 1 ,r>72 yesterday in San Jose, giv

ing the Indians a third-place tie in
the league with the Spartans. Tom
Murray led Stanford with 282 points.
Stanford's varsity rifle team shot
clown San Jose State's squad 1,392
to 1 ,r>72 yesterday in San Jose, giv

ing the Indians a third-place tie in
the league with the Spartans. Tom
Murray led Stanford with 282 points.
Stanford's varsity rifle team shot
clown San Jose State's squad 1,392
to 1 ,r>72 yesterday in San Jose, giv

ing the Indians a third-place tie in
the league with the Spartans. Tom
Murray led Stanford with 282 points.
Stanford's varsity rifle team shot
clown San Jose State's squad 1,392
to 1 ,r>72 yesterday in San Jose, giv

ing the Indians a third-place tie in
the league with the Spartans. Tom
Murray led Stanford with 282 points.
Stanford's varsity rifle team shot
clown San Jose State's squad 1,392
to 1 ,r>72 yesterday in San Jose, giv

ing the Indians a third-place tie in
the league with the Spartans. Tom
Murray led Stanford with 282 points.
Stanford's varsity rifle team shot
clown San Jose State's squad 1,392
to 1 ,r>72 yesterday in San Jose, giv

ing the Indians a third-place tie in
the league with the Spartans. Tom
Murray led Stanford with 282 points.
Stanford's varsity rifle team shot
clown San Jose State's squad 1,392
to 1 ,r>72 yesterday in San Jose, giv

ing the Indians a third-place tie in
the league with the Spartans. Tom
Murray led Stanford with 282 points.
Stanford's varsity rifle team shot
clown San Jose State's squad 1,392
to 1 ,r>72 yesterday in San Jose, giv

ing the Indians a third-place tie in
the league with the Spartans. Tom
Murray led Stanford with 282 points.
