# FOLK DANCE SERIES START
## 
### 
This quarter's Folk Dance In
ternational Series sponsored by
the Women's Physical Education
Department will begin tonight at
7:30 in the Women's Gym. The
first two seminars will be on
Sapnish dance, with the next two
programs on dances of Israel and
India.
This quarter's Folk Dance In
ternational Series sponsored by
the Women's Physical Education
Department will begin tonight at
7:30 in the Women's Gym. The
first two seminars will be on
Sapnish dance, with the next two
programs on dances of Israel and
India.
This quarter's Folk Dance In
ternational Series sponsored by
the Women's Physical Education
Department will begin tonight at
7:30 in the Women's Gym. The
first two seminars will be on
Sapnish dance, with the next two
programs on dances of Israel and
India.
This quarter's Folk Dance In
ternational Series sponsored by
the Women's Physical Education
Department will begin tonight at
7:30 in the Women's Gym. The
first two seminars will be on
Sapnish dance, with the next two
programs on dances of Israel and
India.
This quarter's Folk Dance In
ternational Series sponsored by
the Women's Physical Education
Department will begin tonight at
7:30 in the Women's Gym. The
first two seminars will be on
Sapnish dance, with the next two
programs on dances of Israel and
India.
This quarter's Folk Dance In
ternational Series sponsored by
the Women's Physical Education
Department will begin tonight at
7:30 in the Women's Gym. The
first two seminars will be on
Sapnish dance, with the next two
programs on dances of Israel and
India.
This quarter's Folk Dance In
ternational Series sponsored by
the Women's Physical Education
Department will begin tonight at
7:30 in the Women's Gym. The
first two seminars will be on
Sapnish dance, with the next two
programs on dances of Israel and
India.
This quarter's Folk Dance In
ternational Series sponsored by
the Women's Physical Education
Department will begin tonight at
7:30 in the Women's Gym. The
first two seminars will be on
Sapnish dance, with the next two
programs on dances of Israel and
India.
This quarter's Folk Dance In
ternational Series sponsored by
the Women's Physical Education
Department will begin tonight at
7:30 in the Women's Gym. The
first two seminars will be on
Sapnish dance, with the next two
programs on dances of Israel and
India.
This quarter's Folk Dance In
ternational Series sponsored by
the Women's Physical Education
Department will begin tonight at
7:30 in the Women's Gym. The
first two seminars will be on
Sapnish dance, with the next two
programs on dances of Israel and
India.
This quarter's Folk Dance In
ternational Series sponsored by
the Women's Physical Education
Department will begin tonight at
7:30 in the Women's Gym. The
first two seminars will be on
Sapnish dance, with the next two
programs on dances of Israel and
India.
This quarter's Folk Dance In
ternational Series sponsored by
the Women's Physical Education
Department will begin tonight at
7:30 in the Women's Gym. The
first two seminars will be on
Sapnish dance, with the next two
programs on dances of Israel and
India.
This quarter's Folk Dance In
ternational Series sponsored by
the Women's Physical Education
Department will begin tonight at
7:30 in the Women's Gym. The
first two seminars will be on
Sapnish dance, with the next two
programs on dances of Israel and
India.
This quarter's Folk Dance In
ternational Series sponsored by
the Women's Physical Education
Department will begin tonight at
7:30 in the Women's Gym. The
first two seminars will be on
Sapnish dance, with the next two
programs on dances of Israel and
India.
This quarter's Folk Dance In
ternational Series sponsored by
the Women's Physical Education
Department will begin tonight at
7:30 in the Women's Gym. The
first two seminars will be on
Sapnish dance, with the next two
programs on dances of Israel and
India.
This quarter's Folk Dance In
ternational Series sponsored by
the Women's Physical Education
Department will begin tonight at
7:30 in the Women's Gym. The
first two seminars will be on
Sapnish dance, with the next two
programs on dances of Israel and
India.
