# Race Segregation Speech Topic
## 
### 
Racial problems of tho South
wil be discussed at the YWCA
luncheon at noon today at the
Women's Clubhouse by a man
who recently traveled on a cara
van throughout the area of dis
pute.
Cecil Thomas, member of Ber
keley-Albany Council of Church
es Race Relations Committee,
motored in a Volkswagen bus to
Montgomery, Ala., last summer
with five other Bay Area resi
dents who wanted to learn about
the activities of the Montgomery
Improvement Association, known
for its bus boycott and non-vio
lent program for attaining Ne
gro rights.
Thomas will show slides as he
discusses the Southern resistance
to racial integration.
