# Stanford Defeats Santa Clara.
## 
### 
Stanford had little difficulty in an
nexing the majority of the points
against Santa Clara 011 Friday. Cap
tain Coleman, Taylor, Honnett, Horine,
Alderman, Peake and Miller made ex
cellent marks in their respnctivf l
events. Tlie Cardinal took nil but one
first place.
Stanford had little difficulty in an
nexing the majority of the points
against Santa Clara 011 Friday. Cap
tain Coleman, Taylor, Honnett, Horine,
Alderman, Peake and Miller made ex
cellent marks in their respnctivf l
events. Tlie Cardinal took nil but one
first place.
Stanford had little difficulty in an
nexing the majority of the points
against Santa Clara 011 Friday. Cap
tain Coleman, Taylor, Honnett, Horine,
Alderman, Peake and Miller made ex
cellent marks in their respnctivf l
events. Tlie Cardinal took nil but one
first place.
Stanford had little difficulty in an
nexing the majority of the points
against Santa Clara 011 Friday. Cap
tain Coleman, Taylor, Honnett, Horine,
Alderman, Peake and Miller made ex
cellent marks in their respnctivf l
events. Tlie Cardinal took nil but one
first place.
Stanford had little difficulty in an
nexing the majority of the points
against Santa Clara 011 Friday. Cap
tain Coleman, Taylor, Honnett, Horine,
Alderman, Peake and Miller made ex
cellent marks in their respnctivf l
events. Tlie Cardinal took nil but one
first place.
Stanford had little difficulty in an
nexing the majority of the points
against Santa Clara 011 Friday. Cap
tain Coleman, Taylor, Honnett, Horine,
Alderman, Peake and Miller made ex
cellent marks in their respnctivf l
events. Tlie Cardinal took nil but one
first place.
Stanford had little difficulty in an
nexing the majority of the points
against Santa Clara 011 Friday. Cap
tain Coleman, Taylor, Honnett, Horine,
Alderman, Peake and Miller made ex
cellent marks in their respnctivf l
events. Tlie Cardinal took nil but one
first place.
Stanford had little difficulty in an
nexing the majority of the points
against Santa Clara 011 Friday. Cap
tain Coleman, Taylor, Honnett, Horine,
Alderman, Peake and Miller made ex
cellent marks in their respnctivf l
events. Tlie Cardinal took nil but one
first place.
Stanford had little difficulty in an
nexing the majority of the points
against Santa Clara 011 Friday. Cap
tain Coleman, Taylor, Honnett, Horine,
Alderman, Peake and Miller made ex
cellent marks in their respnctivf l
events. Tlie Cardinal took nil but one
first place.
Stanford had little difficulty in an
nexing the majority of the points
against Santa Clara 011 Friday. Cap
tain Coleman, Taylor, Honnett, Horine,
Alderman, Peake and Miller made ex
cellent marks in their respnctivf l
events. Tlie Cardinal took nil but one
first place.
Stanford had little difficulty in an
nexing the majority of the points
against Santa Clara 011 Friday. Cap
tain Coleman, Taylor, Honnett, Horine,
Alderman, Peake and Miller made ex
cellent marks in their respnctivf l
events. Tlie Cardinal took nil but one
first place.
Stanford had little difficulty in an
nexing the majority of the points
against Santa Clara 011 Friday. Cap
tain Coleman, Taylor, Honnett, Horine,
Alderman, Peake and Miller made ex
cellent marks in their respnctivf l
events. Tlie Cardinal took nil but one
first place.
Stanford had little difficulty in an
nexing the majority of the points
against Santa Clara 011 Friday. Cap
tain Coleman, Taylor, Honnett, Horine,
Alderman, Peake and Miller made ex
cellent marks in their respnctivf l
events. Tlie Cardinal took nil but one
first place.
