# YR Head To Talk On GOP Future
## 
### 
The president of the California
Young Republicans, John Grom
ala, will speak on the future of
the G.O.P. this evening at 8:00
p.m. in Room 251K, across from
the Main Library on Outer Quad.
Gromala is a staunch conserva
tive, bui on Tuesday he called for
the resignation of Republican na
tional chairman Dean Burch,
charging that Burch had not made
effective use of the grassroots
sentiment for Senator (.old
water.
He was one of the California
delegates to the Republican Na
tional Convention, pledged to
Senator Goldwater as a result of
the California primary. A gradu
ate of Hastings Law School, he
served as legal counsel to the
state YR's last year and is now a
lawyer in Fort una, California.
Gromala's speech is being pre
sented by the Stanford Area
Young Republicans.
The president of the California
Young Republicans, John Grom
ala, will speak on the future of
the G.O.P. this evening at 8:00
p.m. in Room 251K, across from
the Main Library on Outer Quad.
Gromala is a staunch conserva
tive, bui on Tuesday he called for
the resignation of Republican na
tional chairman Dean Burch,
charging that Burch had not made
effective use of the grassroots
sentiment for Senator (.old
water.
He was one of the California
delegates to the Republican Na
tional Convention, pledged to
Senator Goldwater as a result of
the California primary. A gradu
ate of Hastings Law School, he
served as legal counsel to the
state YR's last year and is now a
lawyer in Fort una, California.
Gromala's speech is being pre
sented by the Stanford Area
Young Republicans.
The president of the California
Young Republicans, John Grom
ala, will speak on the future of
the G.O.P. this evening at 8:00
p.m. in Room 251K, across from
the Main Library on Outer Quad.
Gromala is a staunch conserva
tive, bui on Tuesday he called for
the resignation of Republican na
tional chairman Dean Burch,
charging that Burch had not made
effective use of the grassroots
sentiment for Senator (.old
water.
He was one of the California
delegates to the Republican Na
tional Convention, pledged to
Senator Goldwater as a result of
the California primary. A gradu
ate of Hastings Law School, he
served as legal counsel to the
state YR's last year and is now a
lawyer in Fort una, California.
Gromala's speech is being pre
sented by the Stanford Area
Young Republicans.
The president of the California
Young Republicans, John Grom
ala, will speak on the future of
the G.O.P. this evening at 8:00
p.m. in Room 251K, across from
the Main Library on Outer Quad.
Gromala is a staunch conserva
tive, bui on Tuesday he called for
the resignation of Republican na
tional chairman Dean Burch,
charging that Burch had not made
effective use of the grassroots
sentiment for Senator (.old
water.
He was one of the California
delegates to the Republican Na
tional Convention, pledged to
Senator Goldwater as a result of
the California primary. A gradu
ate of Hastings Law School, he
served as legal counsel to the
state YR's last year and is now a
lawyer in Fort una, California.
Gromala's speech is being pre
sented by the Stanford Area
Young Republicans.
The president of the California
Young Republicans, John Grom
ala, will speak on the future of
the G.O.P. this evening at 8:00
p.m. in Room 251K, across from
the Main Library on Outer Quad.
Gromala is a staunch conserva
tive, bui on Tuesday he called for
the resignation of Republican na
tional chairman Dean Burch,
charging that Burch had not made
effective use of the grassroots
sentiment for Senator (.old
water.
He was one of the California
delegates to the Republican Na
tional Convention, pledged to
Senator Goldwater as a result of
the California primary. A gradu
ate of Hastings Law School, he
served as legal counsel to the
state YR's last year and is now a
lawyer in Fort una, California.
Gromala's speech is being pre
sented by the Stanford Area
Young Republicans.
The president of the California
Young Republicans, John Grom
ala, will speak on the future of
the G.O.P. this evening at 8:00
p.m. in Room 251K, across from
the Main Library on Outer Quad.
Gromala is a staunch conserva
tive, bui on Tuesday he called for
the resignation of Republican na
tional chairman Dean Burch,
charging that Burch had not made
effective use of the grassroots
sentiment for Senator (.old
water.
He was one of the California
delegates to the Republican Na
tional Convention, pledged to
Senator Goldwater as a result of
the California primary. A gradu
ate of Hastings Law School, he
served as legal counsel to the
state YR's last year and is now a
lawyer in Fort una, California.
Gromala's speech is being pre
sented by the Stanford Area
Young Republicans.
The president of the California
Young Republicans, John Grom
ala, will speak on the future of
the G.O.P. this evening at 8:00
p.m. in Room 251K, across from
the Main Library on Outer Quad.
Gromala is a staunch conserva
tive, bui on Tuesday he called for
the resignation of Republican na
tional chairman Dean Burch,
charging that Burch had not made
effective use of the grassroots
sentiment for Senator (.old
water.
He was one of the California
delegates to the Republican Na
tional Convention, pledged to
Senator Goldwater as a result of
the California primary. A gradu
ate of Hastings Law School, he
served as legal counsel to the
state YR's last year and is now a
lawyer in Fort una, California.
Gromala's speech is being pre
sented by the Stanford Area
Young Republicans.
The president of the California
Young Republicans, John Grom
ala, will speak on the future of
the G.O.P. this evening at 8:00
p.m. in Room 251K, across from
the Main Library on Outer Quad.
Gromala is a staunch conserva
tive, bui on Tuesday he called for
the resignation of Republican na
tional chairman Dean Burch,
charging that Burch had not made
effective use of the grassroots
sentiment for Senator (.old
water.
He was one of the California
delegates to the Republican Na
tional Convention, pledged to
Senator Goldwater as a result of
the California primary. A gradu
ate of Hastings Law School, he
served as legal counsel to the
state YR's last year and is now a
lawyer in Fort una, California.
Gromala's speech is being pre
sented by the Stanford Area
Young Republicans.
The president of the California
Young Republicans, John Grom
ala, will speak on the future of
the G.O.P. this evening at 8:00
p.m. in Room 251K, across from
the Main Library on Outer Quad.
Gromala is a staunch conserva
tive, bui on Tuesday he called for
the resignation of Republican na
tional chairman Dean Burch,
charging that Burch had not made
effective use of the grassroots
sentiment for Senator (.old
water.
He was one of the California
delegates to the Republican Na
tional Convention, pledged to
Senator Goldwater as a result of
the California primary. A gradu
ate of Hastings Law School, he
served as legal counsel to the
state YR's last year and is now a
lawyer in Fort una, California.
Gromala's speech is being pre
sented by the Stanford Area
Young Republicans.
The president of the California
Young Republicans, John Grom
ala, will speak on the future of
the G.O.P. this evening at 8:00
p.m. in Room 251K, across from
the Main Library on Outer Quad.
Gromala is a staunch conserva
tive, bui on Tuesday he called for
the resignation of Republican na
tional chairman Dean Burch,
charging that Burch had not made
effective use of the grassroots
sentiment for Senator (.old
water.
He was one of the California
delegates to the Republican Na
tional Convention, pledged to
Senator Goldwater as a result of
the California primary. A gradu
ate of Hastings Law School, he
served as legal counsel to the
state YR's last year and is now a
lawyer in Fort una, California.
Gromala's speech is being pre
sented by the Stanford Area
Young Republicans.
The president of the California
Young Republicans, John Grom
ala, will speak on the future of
the G.O.P. this evening at 8:00
p.m. in Room 251K, across from
the Main Library on Outer Quad.
Gromala is a staunch conserva
tive, bui on Tuesday he called for
the resignation of Republican na
tional chairman Dean Burch,
charging that Burch had not made
effective use of the grassroots
sentiment for Senator (.old
water.
He was one of the California
delegates to the Republican Na
tional Convention, pledged to
Senator Goldwater as a result of
the California primary. A gradu
ate of Hastings Law School, he
served as legal counsel to the
state YR's last year and is now a
lawyer in Fort una, California.
Gromala's speech is being pre
sented by the Stanford Area
Young Republicans.
The president of the California
Young Republicans, John Grom
ala, will speak on the future of
the G.O.P. this evening at 8:00
p.m. in Room 251K, across from
the Main Library on Outer Quad.
Gromala is a staunch conserva
tive, bui on Tuesday he called for
the resignation of Republican na
tional chairman Dean Burch,
charging that Burch had not made
effective use of the grassroots
sentiment for Senator (.old
water.
He was one of the California
delegates to the Republican Na
tional Convention, pledged to
Senator Goldwater as a result of
the California primary. A gradu
ate of Hastings Law School, he
served as legal counsel to the
state YR's last year and is now a
lawyer in Fort una, California.
Gromala's speech is being pre
sented by the Stanford Area
Young Republicans.
The president of the California
Young Republicans, John Grom
ala, will speak on the future of
the G.O.P. this evening at 8:00
p.m. in Room 251K, across from
the Main Library on Outer Quad.
Gromala is a staunch conserva
tive, bui on Tuesday he called for
the resignation of Republican na
tional chairman Dean Burch,
charging that Burch had not made
effective use of the grassroots
sentiment for Senator (.old
water.
He was one of the California
delegates to the Republican Na
tional Convention, pledged to
Senator Goldwater as a result of
the California primary. A gradu
ate of Hastings Law School, he
served as legal counsel to the
state YR's last year and is now a
lawyer in Fort una, California.
Gromala's speech is being pre
sented by the Stanford Area
Young Republicans.
The president of the California
Young Republicans, John Grom
ala, will speak on the future of
the G.O.P. this evening at 8:00
p.m. in Room 251K, across from
the Main Library on Outer Quad.
Gromala is a staunch conserva
tive, bui on Tuesday he called for
the resignation of Republican na
tional chairman Dean Burch,
charging that Burch had not made
effective use of the grassroots
sentiment for Senator (.old
water.
He was one of the California
delegates to the Republican Na
tional Convention, pledged to
Senator Goldwater as a result of
the California primary. A gradu
ate of Hastings Law School, he
served as legal counsel to the
state YR's last year and is now a
lawyer in Fort una, California.
Gromala's speech is being pre
sented by the Stanford Area
Young Republicans.
The president of the California
Young Republicans, John Grom
ala, will speak on the future of
the G.O.P. this evening at 8:00
p.m. in Room 251K, across from
the Main Library on Outer Quad.
Gromala is a staunch conserva
tive, bui on Tuesday he called for
the resignation of Republican na
tional chairman Dean Burch,
charging that Burch had not made
effective use of the grassroots
sentiment for Senator (.old
water.
He was one of the California
delegates to the Republican Na
tional Convention, pledged to
Senator Goldwater as a result of
the California primary. A gradu
ate of Hastings Law School, he
served as legal counsel to the
state YR's last year and is now a
lawyer in Fort una, California.
Gromala's speech is being pre
sented by the Stanford Area
Young Republicans.
