# Untitled Article
## 
### 

FREEDOM NOW -A singer leads students in protest songs in the
second floor headquarters room of the FSM in Sproul Hall.
Daily Photo by Jim Hunn

FREEDOM NOW -A singer leads students in protest songs in the
second floor headquarters room of the FSM in Sproul Hall.
Daily Photo by Jim Hunn

FREEDOM NOW -A singer leads students in protest songs in the
second floor headquarters room of the FSM in Sproul Hall.
Daily Photo by Jim Hunn

FREEDOM NOW -A singer leads students in protest songs in the
second floor headquarters room of the FSM in Sproul Hall.
Daily Photo by Jim Hunn

FREEDOM NOW -A singer leads students in protest songs in the
second floor headquarters room of the FSM in Sproul Hall.
Daily Photo by Jim Hunn

FREEDOM NOW -A singer leads students in protest songs in the
second floor headquarters room of the FSM in Sproul Hall.
Daily Photo by Jim Hunn

FREEDOM NOW -A singer leads students in protest songs in the
second floor headquarters room of the FSM in Sproul Hall.
Daily Photo by Jim Hunn

FREEDOM NOW -A singer leads students in protest songs in the
second floor headquarters room of the FSM in Sproul Hall.
Daily Photo by Jim Hunn

FREEDOM NOW -A singer leads students in protest songs in the
second floor headquarters room of the FSM in Sproul Hall.
Daily Photo by Jim Hunn

FREEDOM NOW -A singer leads students in protest songs in the
second floor headquarters room of the FSM in Sproul Hall.
Daily Photo by Jim Hunn

FREEDOM NOW -A singer leads students in protest songs in the
second floor headquarters room of the FSM in Sproul Hall.
Daily Photo by Jim Hunn

FREEDOM NOW -A singer leads students in protest songs in the
second floor headquarters room of the FSM in Sproul Hall.
Daily Photo by Jim Hunn

FREEDOM NOW -A singer leads students in protest songs in the
second floor headquarters room of the FSM in Sproul Hall.
Daily Photo by Jim Hunn

FREEDOM NOW -A singer leads students in protest songs in the
second floor headquarters room of the FSM in Sproul Hall.
Daily Photo by Jim Hunn

FREEDOM NOW -A singer leads students in protest songs in the
second floor headquarters room of the FSM in Sproul Hall.
Daily Photo by Jim Hunn
