# MOVIES IMPROVED BY NEW TALKIE PROCESS FOR SYNCHRONIZATION
## 
### 
TORONTO, Oct. 10. (A 3 )— One of the
newest developments in sound pic
tures enables a "speaking" actor to
remain silent during the filming, and
retire to an acoustically perfected
room to speak his words. His speech
later is copied into the picture so that
it seems simultaneous with the ac
tion. This is one of dozens of sound
movie developments of the past six
months described to the Society of
Motion Picture Engineers today in the
progress committee report.
"There has been further progress in
voice doubling," says the report, "so
that it can on occasion be done to a
very high grade of perfection, but a
public reaction has developed against
it. The practice is therefore being
rapidly discontinued.
"A somewhat related method is very
promising, which involves recording
the sound and scene with the same
actors, but at different times. This
method makes it possible to do the
recording in acoustically proper rooms
without confusion of lights and cam
era. The method is to do the sound
recording first and then to do the
photography by interlocking cameras
with a playback device. There prom
ises to be an expanding use of this
method particularly in musical num
bers."
TORONTO, Oct. 10. (A 3 )— One of the
newest developments in sound pic
tures enables a "speaking" actor to
remain silent during the filming, and
retire to an acoustically perfected
room to speak his words. His speech
later is copied into the picture so that
it seems simultaneous with the ac
tion. This is one of dozens of sound
movie developments of the past six
months described to the Society of
Motion Picture Engineers today in the
progress committee report.
"There has been further progress in
voice doubling," says the report, "so
that it can on occasion be done to a
very high grade of perfection, but a
public reaction has developed against
it. The practice is therefore being
rapidly discontinued.
"A somewhat related method is very
promising, which involves recording
the sound and scene with the same
actors, but at different times. This
method makes it possible to do the
recording in acoustically proper rooms
without confusion of lights and cam
era. The method is to do the sound
recording first and then to do the
photography by interlocking cameras
with a playback device. There prom
ises to be an expanding use of this
method particularly in musical num
bers."
TORONTO, Oct. 10. (A 3 )— One of the
newest developments in sound pic
tures enables a "speaking" actor to
remain silent during the filming, and
retire to an acoustically perfected
room to speak his words. His speech
later is copied into the picture so that
it seems simultaneous with the ac
tion. This is one of dozens of sound
movie developments of the past six
months described to the Society of
Motion Picture Engineers today in the
progress committee report.
"There has been further progress in
voice doubling," says the report, "so
that it can on occasion be done to a
very high grade of perfection, but a
public reaction has developed against
it. The practice is therefore being
rapidly discontinued.
"A somewhat related method is very
promising, which involves recording
the sound and scene with the same
actors, but at different times. This
method makes it possible to do the
recording in acoustically proper rooms
without confusion of lights and cam
era. The method is to do the sound
recording first and then to do the
photography by interlocking cameras
with a playback device. There prom
ises to be an expanding use of this
method particularly in musical num
bers."
TORONTO, Oct. 10. (A 3 )— One of the
newest developments in sound pic
tures enables a "speaking" actor to
remain silent during the filming, and
retire to an acoustically perfected
room to speak his words. His speech
later is copied into the picture so that
it seems simultaneous with the ac
tion. This is one of dozens of sound
movie developments of the past six
months described to the Society of
Motion Picture Engineers today in the
progress committee report.
"There has been further progress in
voice doubling," says the report, "so
that it can on occasion be done to a
very high grade of perfection, but a
public reaction has developed against
it. The practice is therefore being
rapidly discontinued.
"A somewhat related method is very
promising, which involves recording
the sound and scene with the same
actors, but at different times. This
method makes it possible to do the
recording in acoustically proper rooms
without confusion of lights and cam
era. The method is to do the sound
recording first and then to do the
photography by interlocking cameras
with a playback device. There prom
ises to be an expanding use of this
method particularly in musical num
bers."
TORONTO, Oct. 10. (A 3 )— One of the
newest developments in sound pic
tures enables a "speaking" actor to
remain silent during the filming, and
retire to an acoustically perfected
room to speak his words. His speech
later is copied into the picture so that
it seems simultaneous with the ac
tion. This is one of dozens of sound
movie developments of the past six
months described to the Society of
Motion Picture Engineers today in the
progress committee report.
"There has been further progress in
voice doubling," says the report, "so
that it can on occasion be done to a
very high grade of perfection, but a
public reaction has developed against
it. The practice is therefore being
rapidly discontinued.
"A somewhat related method is very
promising, which involves recording
the sound and scene with the same
actors, but at different times. This
method makes it possible to do the
recording in acoustically proper rooms
without confusion of lights and cam
era. The method is to do the sound
recording first and then to do the
photography by interlocking cameras
with a playback device. There prom
ises to be an expanding use of this
method particularly in musical num
bers."
TORONTO, Oct. 10. (A 3 )— One of the
newest developments in sound pic
tures enables a "speaking" actor to
remain silent during the filming, and
retire to an acoustically perfected
room to speak his words. His speech
later is copied into the picture so that
it seems simultaneous with the ac
tion. This is one of dozens of sound
movie developments of the past six
months described to the Society of
Motion Picture Engineers today in the
progress committee report.
"There has been further progress in
voice doubling," says the report, "so
that it can on occasion be done to a
very high grade of perfection, but a
public reaction has developed against
it. The practice is therefore being
rapidly discontinued.
"A somewhat related method is very
promising, which involves recording
the sound and scene with the same
actors, but at different times. This
method makes it possible to do the
recording in acoustically proper rooms
without confusion of lights and cam
era. The method is to do the sound
recording first and then to do the
photography by interlocking cameras
with a playback device. There prom
ises to be an expanding use of this
method particularly in musical num
bers."
TORONTO, Oct. 10. (A 3 )— One of the
newest developments in sound pic
tures enables a "speaking" actor to
remain silent during the filming, and
retire to an acoustically perfected
room to speak his words. His speech
later is copied into the picture so that
it seems simultaneous with the ac
tion. This is one of dozens of sound
movie developments of the past six
months described to the Society of
Motion Picture Engineers today in the
progress committee report.
"There has been further progress in
voice doubling," says the report, "so
that it can on occasion be done to a
very high grade of perfection, but a
public reaction has developed against
it. The practice is therefore being
rapidly discontinued.
"A somewhat related method is very
promising, which involves recording
the sound and scene with the same
actors, but at different times. This
method makes it possible to do the
recording in acoustically proper rooms
without confusion of lights and cam
era. The method is to do the sound
recording first and then to do the
photography by interlocking cameras
with a playback device. There prom
ises to be an expanding use of this
method particularly in musical num
bers."
TORONTO, Oct. 10. (A 3 )— One of the
newest developments in sound pic
tures enables a "speaking" actor to
remain silent during the filming, and
retire to an acoustically perfected
room to speak his words. His speech
later is copied into the picture so that
it seems simultaneous with the ac
tion. This is one of dozens of sound
movie developments of the past six
months described to the Society of
Motion Picture Engineers today in the
progress committee report.
"There has been further progress in
voice doubling," says the report, "so
that it can on occasion be done to a
very high grade of perfection, but a
public reaction has developed against
it. The practice is therefore being
rapidly discontinued.
"A somewhat related method is very
promising, which involves recording
the sound and scene with the same
actors, but at different times. This
method makes it possible to do the
recording in acoustically proper rooms
without confusion of lights and cam
era. The method is to do the sound
recording first and then to do the
photography by interlocking cameras
with a playback device. There prom
ises to be an expanding use of this
method particularly in musical num
bers."
TORONTO, Oct. 10. (A 3 )— One of the
newest developments in sound pic
tures enables a "speaking" actor to
remain silent during the filming, and
retire to an acoustically perfected
room to speak his words. His speech
later is copied into the picture so that
it seems simultaneous with the ac
tion. This is one of dozens of sound
movie developments of the past six
months described to the Society of
Motion Picture Engineers today in the
progress committee report.
"There has been further progress in
voice doubling," says the report, "so
that it can on occasion be done to a
very high grade of perfection, but a
public reaction has developed against
it. The practice is therefore being
rapidly discontinued.
"A somewhat related method is very
promising, which involves recording
the sound and scene with the same
actors, but at different times. This
method makes it possible to do the
recording in acoustically proper rooms
without confusion of lights and cam
era. The method is to do the sound
recording first and then to do the
photography by interlocking cameras
with a playback device. There prom
ises to be an expanding use of this
method particularly in musical num
bers."
TORONTO, Oct. 10. (A 3 )— One of the
newest developments in sound pic
tures enables a "speaking" actor to
remain silent during the filming, and
retire to an acoustically perfected
room to speak his words. His speech
later is copied into the picture so that
it seems simultaneous with the ac
tion. This is one of dozens of sound
movie developments of the past six
months described to the Society of
Motion Picture Engineers today in the
progress committee report.
"There has been further progress in
voice doubling," says the report, "so
that it can on occasion be done to a
very high grade of perfection, but a
public reaction has developed against
it. The practice is therefore being
rapidly discontinued.
"A somewhat related method is very
promising, which involves recording
the sound and scene with the same
actors, but at different times. This
method makes it possible to do the
recording in acoustically proper rooms
without confusion of lights and cam
era. The method is to do the sound
recording first and then to do the
photography by interlocking cameras
with a playback device. There prom
ises to be an expanding use of this
method particularly in musical num
bers."
TORONTO, Oct. 10. (A 3 )— One of the
newest developments in sound pic
tures enables a "speaking" actor to
remain silent during the filming, and
retire to an acoustically perfected
room to speak his words. His speech
later is copied into the picture so that
it seems simultaneous with the ac
tion. This is one of dozens of sound
movie developments of the past six
months described to the Society of
Motion Picture Engineers today in the
progress committee report.
"There has been further progress in
voice doubling," says the report, "so
that it can on occasion be done to a
very high grade of perfection, but a
public reaction has developed against
it. The practice is therefore being
rapidly discontinued.
"A somewhat related method is very
promising, which involves recording
the sound and scene with the same
actors, but at different times. This
method makes it possible to do the
recording in acoustically proper rooms
without confusion of lights and cam
era. The method is to do the sound
recording first and then to do the
photography by interlocking cameras
with a playback device. There prom
ises to be an expanding use of this
method particularly in musical num
bers."
TORONTO, Oct. 10. (A 3 )— One of the
newest developments in sound pic
tures enables a "speaking" actor to
remain silent during the filming, and
retire to an acoustically perfected
room to speak his words. His speech
later is copied into the picture so that
it seems simultaneous with the ac
tion. This is one of dozens of sound
movie developments of the past six
months described to the Society of
Motion Picture Engineers today in the
progress committee report.
"There has been further progress in
voice doubling," says the report, "so
that it can on occasion be done to a
very high grade of perfection, but a
public reaction has developed against
it. The practice is therefore being
rapidly discontinued.
"A somewhat related method is very
promising, which involves recording
the sound and scene with the same
actors, but at different times. This
method makes it possible to do the
recording in acoustically proper rooms
without confusion of lights and cam
era. The method is to do the sound
recording first and then to do the
photography by interlocking cameras
with a playback device. There prom
ises to be an expanding use of this
method particularly in musical num
bers."
TORONTO, Oct. 10. (A 3 )— One of the
newest developments in sound pic
tures enables a "speaking" actor to
remain silent during the filming, and
retire to an acoustically perfected
room to speak his words. His speech
later is copied into the picture so that
it seems simultaneous with the ac
tion. This is one of dozens of sound
movie developments of the past six
months described to the Society of
Motion Picture Engineers today in the
progress committee report.
"There has been further progress in
voice doubling," says the report, "so
that it can on occasion be done to a
very high grade of perfection, but a
public reaction has developed against
it. The practice is therefore being
rapidly discontinued.
"A somewhat related method is very
promising, which involves recording
the sound and scene with the same
actors, but at different times. This
method makes it possible to do the
recording in acoustically proper rooms
without confusion of lights and cam
era. The method is to do the sound
recording first and then to do the
photography by interlocking cameras
with a playback device. There prom
ises to be an expanding use of this
method particularly in musical num
bers."
TORONTO, Oct. 10. (A 3 )— One of the
newest developments in sound pic
tures enables a "speaking" actor to
remain silent during the filming, and
retire to an acoustically perfected
room to speak his words. His speech
later is copied into the picture so that
it seems simultaneous with the ac
tion. This is one of dozens of sound
movie developments of the past six
months described to the Society of
Motion Picture Engineers today in the
progress committee report.
"There has been further progress in
voice doubling," says the report, "so
that it can on occasion be done to a
very high grade of perfection, but a
public reaction has developed against
it. The practice is therefore being
rapidly discontinued.
"A somewhat related method is very
promising, which involves recording
the sound and scene with the same
actors, but at different times. This
method makes it possible to do the
recording in acoustically proper rooms
without confusion of lights and cam
era. The method is to do the sound
recording first and then to do the
photography by interlocking cameras
with a playback device. There prom
ises to be an expanding use of this
method particularly in musical num
bers."
TORONTO, Oct. 10. (A 3 )— One of the
newest developments in sound pic
tures enables a "speaking" actor to
remain silent during the filming, and
retire to an acoustically perfected
room to speak his words. His speech
later is copied into the picture so that
it seems simultaneous with the ac
tion. This is one of dozens of sound
movie developments of the past six
months described to the Society of
Motion Picture Engineers today in the
progress committee report.
"There has been further progress in
voice doubling," says the report, "so
that it can on occasion be done to a
very high grade of perfection, but a
public reaction has developed against
it. The practice is therefore being
rapidly discontinued.
"A somewhat related method is very
promising, which involves recording
the sound and scene with the same
actors, but at different times. This
method makes it possible to do the
recording in acoustically proper rooms
without confusion of lights and cam
era. The method is to do the sound
recording first and then to do the
photography by interlocking cameras
with a playback device. There prom
ises to be an expanding use of this
method particularly in musical num
bers."
TORONTO, Oct. 10. (A 3 )— One of the
newest developments in sound pic
tures enables a "speaking" actor to
remain silent during the filming, and
retire to an acoustically perfected
room to speak his words. His speech
later is copied into the picture so that
it seems simultaneous with the ac
tion. This is one of dozens of sound
movie developments of the past six
months described to the Society of
Motion Picture Engineers today in the
progress committee report.
"There has been further progress in
voice doubling," says the report, "so
that it can on occasion be done to a
very high grade of perfection, but a
public reaction has developed against
it. The practice is therefore being
rapidly discontinued.
"A somewhat related method is very
promising, which involves recording
the sound and scene with the same
actors, but at different times. This
method makes it possible to do the
recording in acoustically proper rooms
without confusion of lights and cam
era. The method is to do the sound
recording first and then to do the
photography by interlocking cameras
with a playback device. There prom
ises to be an expanding use of this
method particularly in musical num
bers."
TORONTO, Oct. 10. (A 3 )— One of the
newest developments in sound pic
tures enables a "speaking" actor to
remain silent during the filming, and
retire to an acoustically perfected
room to speak his words. His speech
later is copied into the picture so that
it seems simultaneous with the ac
tion. This is one of dozens of sound
movie developments of the past six
months described to the Society of
Motion Picture Engineers today in the
progress committee report.
"There has been further progress in
voice doubling," says the report, "so
that it can on occasion be done to a
very high grade of perfection, but a
public reaction has developed against
it. The practice is therefore being
rapidly discontinued.
"A somewhat related method is very
promising, which involves recording
the sound and scene with the same
actors, but at different times. This
method makes it possible to do the
recording in acoustically proper rooms
without confusion of lights and cam
era. The method is to do the sound
recording first and then to do the
photography by interlocking cameras
with a playback device. There prom
ises to be an expanding use of this
method particularly in musical num
bers."
