# ENGLISH COMPOSITION EXAM
## 
### 
The Matriculation examination in
English Composition will be given in
Room 214 at 9:30 tomorrow morning.
All entering freshmen are required to
take this test, and those failing to
pass the examination must take Sub
ject A.
The Matriculation examination in
English Composition will be given in
Room 214 at 9:30 tomorrow morning.
All entering freshmen are required to
take this test, and those failing to
pass the examination must take Sub
ject A.
The Matriculation examination in
English Composition will be given in
Room 214 at 9:30 tomorrow morning.
All entering freshmen are required to
take this test, and those failing to
pass the examination must take Sub
ject A.
The Matriculation examination in
English Composition will be given in
Room 214 at 9:30 tomorrow morning.
All entering freshmen are required to
take this test, and those failing to
pass the examination must take Sub
ject A.
The Matriculation examination in
English Composition will be given in
Room 214 at 9:30 tomorrow morning.
All entering freshmen are required to
take this test, and those failing to
pass the examination must take Sub
ject A.
The Matriculation examination in
English Composition will be given in
Room 214 at 9:30 tomorrow morning.
All entering freshmen are required to
take this test, and those failing to
pass the examination must take Sub
ject A.
The Matriculation examination in
English Composition will be given in
Room 214 at 9:30 tomorrow morning.
All entering freshmen are required to
take this test, and those failing to
pass the examination must take Sub
ject A.
The Matriculation examination in
English Composition will be given in
Room 214 at 9:30 tomorrow morning.
All entering freshmen are required to
take this test, and those failing to
pass the examination must take Sub
ject A.
The Matriculation examination in
English Composition will be given in
Room 214 at 9:30 tomorrow morning.
All entering freshmen are required to
take this test, and those failing to
pass the examination must take Sub
ject A.
The Matriculation examination in
English Composition will be given in
Room 214 at 9:30 tomorrow morning.
All entering freshmen are required to
take this test, and those failing to
pass the examination must take Sub
ject A.
The Matriculation examination in
English Composition will be given in
Room 214 at 9:30 tomorrow morning.
All entering freshmen are required to
take this test, and those failing to
pass the examination must take Sub
ject A.
The Matriculation examination in
English Composition will be given in
Room 214 at 9:30 tomorrow morning.
All entering freshmen are required to
take this test, and those failing to
pass the examination must take Sub
ject A.
The Matriculation examination in
English Composition will be given in
Room 214 at 9:30 tomorrow morning.
All entering freshmen are required to
take this test, and those failing to
pass the examination must take Sub
ject A.
The Matriculation examination in
English Composition will be given in
Room 214 at 9:30 tomorrow morning.
All entering freshmen are required to
take this test, and those failing to
pass the examination must take Sub
ject A.
The Matriculation examination in
English Composition will be given in
Room 214 at 9:30 tomorrow morning.
All entering freshmen are required to
take this test, and those failing to
pass the examination must take Sub
ject A.
The Matriculation examination in
English Composition will be given in
Room 214 at 9:30 tomorrow morning.
All entering freshmen are required to
take this test, and those failing to
pass the examination must take Sub
ject A.
The Matriculation examination in
English Composition will be given in
Room 214 at 9:30 tomorrow morning.
All entering freshmen are required to
take this test, and those failing to
pass the examination must take Sub
ject A.
