# CUBS ARRIVE FOR GAME
## 
### 
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 10. (/P)— I The
battle-scarred Chicago Cubs arrived
here from Chicago at 12:22 p.m. today
for their third world's series game
with the Philadelphia Athletics to
morrow.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 10. (/P)— I The
battle-scarred Chicago Cubs arrived
here from Chicago at 12:22 p.m. today
for their third world's series game
with the Philadelphia Athletics to
morrow.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 10. (/P)— I The
battle-scarred Chicago Cubs arrived
here from Chicago at 12:22 p.m. today
for their third world's series game
with the Philadelphia Athletics to
morrow.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 10. (/P)— I The
battle-scarred Chicago Cubs arrived
here from Chicago at 12:22 p.m. today
for their third world's series game
with the Philadelphia Athletics to
morrow.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 10. (/P)— I The
battle-scarred Chicago Cubs arrived
here from Chicago at 12:22 p.m. today
for their third world's series game
with the Philadelphia Athletics to
morrow.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 10. (/P)— I The
battle-scarred Chicago Cubs arrived
here from Chicago at 12:22 p.m. today
for their third world's series game
with the Philadelphia Athletics to
morrow.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 10. (/P)— I The
battle-scarred Chicago Cubs arrived
here from Chicago at 12:22 p.m. today
for their third world's series game
with the Philadelphia Athletics to
morrow.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 10. (/P)— I The
battle-scarred Chicago Cubs arrived
here from Chicago at 12:22 p.m. today
for their third world's series game
with the Philadelphia Athletics to
morrow.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 10. (/P)— I The
battle-scarred Chicago Cubs arrived
here from Chicago at 12:22 p.m. today
for their third world's series game
with the Philadelphia Athletics to
morrow.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 10. (/P)— I The
battle-scarred Chicago Cubs arrived
here from Chicago at 12:22 p.m. today
for their third world's series game
with the Philadelphia Athletics to
morrow.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 10. (/P)— I The
battle-scarred Chicago Cubs arrived
here from Chicago at 12:22 p.m. today
for their third world's series game
with the Philadelphia Athletics to
morrow.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 10. (/P)— I The
battle-scarred Chicago Cubs arrived
here from Chicago at 12:22 p.m. today
for their third world's series game
with the Philadelphia Athletics to
morrow.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 10. (/P)— I The
battle-scarred Chicago Cubs arrived
here from Chicago at 12:22 p.m. today
for their third world's series game
with the Philadelphia Athletics to
morrow.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 10. (/P)— I The
battle-scarred Chicago Cubs arrived
here from Chicago at 12:22 p.m. today
for their third world's series game
with the Philadelphia Athletics to
morrow.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 10. (/P)— I The
battle-scarred Chicago Cubs arrived
here from Chicago at 12:22 p.m. today
for their third world's series game
with the Philadelphia Athletics to
morrow.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 10. (/P)— I The
battle-scarred Chicago Cubs arrived
here from Chicago at 12:22 p.m. today
for their third world's series game
with the Philadelphia Athletics to
morrow.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 10. (/P)— I The
battle-scarred Chicago Cubs arrived
here from Chicago at 12:22 p.m. today
for their third world's series game
with the Philadelphia Athletics to
morrow.
