# S.F. Bay Bridge Commission Adjourns After Inspection
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 10 (/P). —
Concluding a three-day session here dur
ing which they inspected the entire Bay
region by air, land, and water, the San
Francisco Bay Bridge Commission today
voted to adjourn and probably will not
meet again until mid-December. The final
act of the commission before adjourning
was to inspect the naval anchorage and
other parts of the bay which would be
affected by the proposed bridge connect
ing Alameda and Sati Francisco counties.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 10 (/P). —
Concluding a three-day session here dur
ing which they inspected the entire Bay
region by air, land, and water, the San
Francisco Bay Bridge Commission today
voted to adjourn and probably will not
meet again until mid-December. The final
act of the commission before adjourning
was to inspect the naval anchorage and
other parts of the bay which would be
affected by the proposed bridge connect
ing Alameda and Sati Francisco counties.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 10 (/P). —
Concluding a three-day session here dur
ing which they inspected the entire Bay
region by air, land, and water, the San
Francisco Bay Bridge Commission today
voted to adjourn and probably will not
meet again until mid-December. The final
act of the commission before adjourning
was to inspect the naval anchorage and
other parts of the bay which would be
affected by the proposed bridge connect
ing Alameda and Sati Francisco counties.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 10 (/P). —
Concluding a three-day session here dur
ing which they inspected the entire Bay
region by air, land, and water, the San
Francisco Bay Bridge Commission today
voted to adjourn and probably will not
meet again until mid-December. The final
act of the commission before adjourning
was to inspect the naval anchorage and
other parts of the bay which would be
affected by the proposed bridge connect
ing Alameda and Sati Francisco counties.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 10 (/P). —
Concluding a three-day session here dur
ing which they inspected the entire Bay
region by air, land, and water, the San
Francisco Bay Bridge Commission today
voted to adjourn and probably will not
meet again until mid-December. The final
act of the commission before adjourning
was to inspect the naval anchorage and
other parts of the bay which would be
affected by the proposed bridge connect
ing Alameda and Sati Francisco counties.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 10 (/P). —
Concluding a three-day session here dur
ing which they inspected the entire Bay
region by air, land, and water, the San
Francisco Bay Bridge Commission today
voted to adjourn and probably will not
meet again until mid-December. The final
act of the commission before adjourning
was to inspect the naval anchorage and
other parts of the bay which would be
affected by the proposed bridge connect
ing Alameda and Sati Francisco counties.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 10 (/P). —
Concluding a three-day session here dur
ing which they inspected the entire Bay
region by air, land, and water, the San
Francisco Bay Bridge Commission today
voted to adjourn and probably will not
meet again until mid-December. The final
act of the commission before adjourning
was to inspect the naval anchorage and
other parts of the bay which would be
affected by the proposed bridge connect
ing Alameda and Sati Francisco counties.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 10 (/P). —
Concluding a three-day session here dur
ing which they inspected the entire Bay
region by air, land, and water, the San
Francisco Bay Bridge Commission today
voted to adjourn and probably will not
meet again until mid-December. The final
act of the commission before adjourning
was to inspect the naval anchorage and
other parts of the bay which would be
affected by the proposed bridge connect
ing Alameda and Sati Francisco counties.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 10 (/P). —
Concluding a three-day session here dur
ing which they inspected the entire Bay
region by air, land, and water, the San
Francisco Bay Bridge Commission today
voted to adjourn and probably will not
meet again until mid-December. The final
act of the commission before adjourning
was to inspect the naval anchorage and
other parts of the bay which would be
affected by the proposed bridge connect
ing Alameda and Sati Francisco counties.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 10 (/P). —
Concluding a three-day session here dur
ing which they inspected the entire Bay
region by air, land, and water, the San
Francisco Bay Bridge Commission today
voted to adjourn and probably will not
meet again until mid-December. The final
act of the commission before adjourning
was to inspect the naval anchorage and
other parts of the bay which would be
affected by the proposed bridge connect
ing Alameda and Sati Francisco counties.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 10 (/P). —
Concluding a three-day session here dur
ing which they inspected the entire Bay
region by air, land, and water, the San
Francisco Bay Bridge Commission today
voted to adjourn and probably will not
meet again until mid-December. The final
act of the commission before adjourning
was to inspect the naval anchorage and
other parts of the bay which would be
affected by the proposed bridge connect
ing Alameda and Sati Francisco counties.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 10 (/P). —
Concluding a three-day session here dur
ing which they inspected the entire Bay
region by air, land, and water, the San
Francisco Bay Bridge Commission today
voted to adjourn and probably will not
meet again until mid-December. The final
act of the commission before adjourning
was to inspect the naval anchorage and
other parts of the bay which would be
affected by the proposed bridge connect
ing Alameda and Sati Francisco counties.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 10 (/P). —
Concluding a three-day session here dur
ing which they inspected the entire Bay
region by air, land, and water, the San
Francisco Bay Bridge Commission today
voted to adjourn and probably will not
meet again until mid-December. The final
act of the commission before adjourning
was to inspect the naval anchorage and
other parts of the bay which would be
affected by the proposed bridge connect
ing Alameda and Sati Francisco counties.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 10 (/P). —
Concluding a three-day session here dur
ing which they inspected the entire Bay
region by air, land, and water, the San
Francisco Bay Bridge Commission today
voted to adjourn and probably will not
meet again until mid-December. The final
act of the commission before adjourning
was to inspect the naval anchorage and
other parts of the bay which would be
affected by the proposed bridge connect
ing Alameda and Sati Francisco counties.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 10 (/P). —
Concluding a three-day session here dur
ing which they inspected the entire Bay
region by air, land, and water, the San
Francisco Bay Bridge Commission today
voted to adjourn and probably will not
meet again until mid-December. The final
act of the commission before adjourning
was to inspect the naval anchorage and
other parts of the bay which would be
affected by the proposed bridge connect
ing Alameda and Sati Francisco counties.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 10 (/P). —
Concluding a three-day session here dur
ing which they inspected the entire Bay
region by air, land, and water, the San
Francisco Bay Bridge Commission today
voted to adjourn and probably will not
meet again until mid-December. The final
act of the commission before adjourning
was to inspect the naval anchorage and
other parts of the bay which would be
affected by the proposed bridge connect
ing Alameda and Sati Francisco counties.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 10 (/P). —
Concluding a three-day session here dur
ing which they inspected the entire Bay
region by air, land, and water, the San
Francisco Bay Bridge Commission today
voted to adjourn and probably will not
meet again until mid-December. The final
act of the commission before adjourning
was to inspect the naval anchorage and
other parts of the bay which would be
affected by the proposed bridge connect
ing Alameda and Sati Francisco counties.
