# FUNERAL MAY BE DELAYED.
## Not Likely That the Obsequies Can Be Held for More than Two Weeks. 
### 
The funeral of Mrs. Stanford will
probably not be held for two weeks
on account of the delay in bringing
the remains back to the University.
The relatives expressed a desire to
have some one sent to Honolulu to
accompany the body across, and
this will necessitate a delay of a
week. As a result the funeral can
not be held on Founder's day, as
had been suggested.
The Board of Trustees will choose
either a member of the board or of
the University faculty to go after
the remains. It is entirely proba
ble that a faculty member will be
sent. Mr. Lathrop has been in San
Francisco since yesterday morning
and will probably not return until
late this evening. It was thought
that Mr. Lathrop would go to
Honolulu, but a large number of
important things require his pres
ence here, hence a member of the
faculty will probably go.
Whoever is sent after there

mains will leave San Francisco on
the Alameda of the Oceanic Steam
ship Company's line on Saturday
morning. The first return liner is
the Pacific Mail Steamship Com
pany's China, which leaves Hono
lulu Friday, March 10th. The Ala
meda will reach port before the
China sails, so there will be no de
lay in making connections. Miss
Bertha Berner, secretary of Mrs.
Stanford, and May Wilson, the
maid, will also accompany the re
mains.
The China should reach San
Francisco in six days, and prob
ably the remains will not be de
tained in the city very long, but
will be brought at once to the Uni
versity. It is hardly probable that
the funeral service in the Memorial
Church will be held before Sunday,
March 19th. The body of Mrs.
Stanford will lie instate in Memo
rial Church for a day or more be
fore interment in the Mausoleum.
Definite plans will be announced,
on the return of Mr. Lathrop. All
details regarding the funeral are in
his hands, and until he returns
•nothing definite can be announced.
The funeral of Mrs. Stanford will
probably not be held for two weeks
on account of the delay in bringing
the remains back to the University.
The relatives expressed a desire to
have some one sent to Honolulu to
accompany the body across, and
this will necessitate a delay of a
week. As a result the funeral can
not be held on Founder's day, as
had been suggested.
The Board of Trustees will choose
either a member of the board or of
the University faculty to go after
the remains. It is entirely proba
ble that a faculty member will be
sent. Mr. Lathrop has been in San
Francisco since yesterday morning
and will probably not return until
late this evening. It was thought
that Mr. Lathrop would go to
Honolulu, but a large number of
important things require his pres
ence here, hence a member of the
faculty will probably go.
Whoever is sent after there

mains will leave San Francisco on
the Alameda of the Oceanic Steam
ship Company's line on Saturday
morning. The first return liner is
the Pacific Mail Steamship Com
pany's China, which leaves Hono
lulu Friday, March 10th. The Ala
meda will reach port before the
China sails, so there will be no de
lay in making connections. Miss
Bertha Berner, secretary of Mrs.
Stanford, and May Wilson, the
maid, will also accompany the re
mains.
The China should reach San
Francisco in six days, and prob
ably the remains will not be de
tained in the city very long, but
will be brought at once to the Uni
versity. It is hardly probable that
the funeral service in the Memorial
Church will be held before Sunday,
March 19th. The body of Mrs.
Stanford will lie instate in Memo
rial Church for a day or more be
fore interment in the Mausoleum.
Definite plans will be announced,
on the return of Mr. Lathrop. All
details regarding the funeral are in
his hands, and until he returns
•nothing definite can be announced.
The funeral of Mrs. Stanford will
probably not be held for two weeks
on account of the delay in bringing
the remains back to the University.
The relatives expressed a desire to
have some one sent to Honolulu to
accompany the body across, and
this will necessitate a delay of a
week. As a result the funeral can
not be held on Founder's day, as
had been suggested.
The Board of Trustees will choose
either a member of the board or of
the University faculty to go after
the remains. It is entirely proba
ble that a faculty member will be
sent. Mr. Lathrop has been in San
Francisco since yesterday morning
and will probably not return until
late this evening. It was thought
that Mr. Lathrop would go to
Honolulu, but a large number of
important things require his pres
ence here, hence a member of the
faculty will probably go.
Whoever is sent after there

mains will leave San Francisco on
the Alameda of the Oceanic Steam
ship Company's line on Saturday
morning. The first return liner is
the Pacific Mail Steamship Com
pany's China, which leaves Hono
lulu Friday, March 10th. The Ala
meda will reach port before the
China sails, so there will be no de
lay in making connections. Miss
Bertha Berner, secretary of Mrs.
Stanford, and May Wilson, the
maid, will also accompany the re
mains.
The China should reach San
Francisco in six days, and prob
ably the remains will not be de
tained in the city very long, but
will be brought at once to the Uni
versity. It is hardly probable that
the funeral service in the Memorial
Church will be held before Sunday,
March 19th. The body of Mrs.
Stanford will lie instate in Memo
rial Church for a day or more be
fore interment in the Mausoleum.
Definite plans will be announced,
on the return of Mr. Lathrop. All
details regarding the funeral are in
his hands, and until he returns
•nothing definite can be announced.
The funeral of Mrs. Stanford will
probably not be held for two weeks
on account of the delay in bringing
the remains back to the University.
The relatives expressed a desire to
have some one sent to Honolulu to
accompany the body across, and
this will necessitate a delay of a
week. As a result the funeral can
not be held on Founder's day, as
had been suggested.
The Board of Trustees will choose
either a member of the board or of
the University faculty to go after
the remains. It is entirely proba
ble that a faculty member will be
sent. Mr. Lathrop has been in San
Francisco since yesterday morning
and will probably not return until
late this evening. It was thought
that Mr. Lathrop would go to
Honolulu, but a large number of
important things require his pres
ence here, hence a member of the
faculty will probably go.
Whoever is sent after there

mains will leave San Francisco on
the Alameda of the Oceanic Steam
ship Company's line on Saturday
morning. The first return liner is
the Pacific Mail Steamship Com
pany's China, which leaves Hono
lulu Friday, March 10th. The Ala
meda will reach port before the
China sails, so there will be no de
lay in making connections. Miss
Bertha Berner, secretary of Mrs.
Stanford, and May Wilson, the
maid, will also accompany the re
mains.
The China should reach San
Francisco in six days, and prob
ably the remains will not be de
tained in the city very long, but
will be brought at once to the Uni
versity. It is hardly probable that
the funeral service in the Memorial
Church will be held before Sunday,
March 19th. The body of Mrs.
Stanford will lie instate in Memo
rial Church for a day or more be
fore interment in the Mausoleum.
Definite plans will be announced,
on the return of Mr. Lathrop. All
details regarding the funeral are in
his hands, and until he returns
•nothing definite can be announced.
The funeral of Mrs. Stanford will
probably not be held for two weeks
on account of the delay in bringing
the remains back to the University.
The relatives expressed a desire to
have some one sent to Honolulu to
accompany the body across, and
this will necessitate a delay of a
week. As a result the funeral can
not be held on Founder's day, as
had been suggested.
The Board of Trustees will choose
either a member of the board or of
the University faculty to go after
the remains. It is entirely proba
ble that a faculty member will be
sent. Mr. Lathrop has been in San
Francisco since yesterday morning
and will probably not return until
late this evening. It was thought
that Mr. Lathrop would go to
Honolulu, but a large number of
important things require his pres
ence here, hence a member of the
faculty will probably go.
Whoever is sent after there

mains will leave San Francisco on
the Alameda of the Oceanic Steam
ship Company's line on Saturday
morning. The first return liner is
the Pacific Mail Steamship Com
pany's China, which leaves Hono
lulu Friday, March 10th. The Ala
meda will reach port before the
China sails, so there will be no de
lay in making connections. Miss
Bertha Berner, secretary of Mrs.
Stanford, and May Wilson, the
maid, will also accompany the re
mains.
The China should reach San
Francisco in six days, and prob
ably the remains will not be de
tained in the city very long, but
will be brought at once to the Uni
versity. It is hardly probable that
the funeral service in the Memorial
Church will be held before Sunday,
March 19th. The body of Mrs.
Stanford will lie instate in Memo
rial Church for a day or more be
fore interment in the Mausoleum.
Definite plans will be announced,
on the return of Mr. Lathrop. All
details regarding the funeral are in
his hands, and until he returns
•nothing definite can be announced.
The funeral of Mrs. Stanford will
probably not be held for two weeks
on account of the delay in bringing
the remains back to the University.
The relatives expressed a desire to
have some one sent to Honolulu to
accompany the body across, and
this will necessitate a delay of a
week. As a result the funeral can
not be held on Founder's day, as
had been suggested.
The Board of Trustees will choose
either a member of the board or of
the University faculty to go after
the remains. It is entirely proba
ble that a faculty member will be
sent. Mr. Lathrop has been in San
Francisco since yesterday morning
and will probably not return until
late this evening. It was thought
that Mr. Lathrop would go to
Honolulu, but a large number of
important things require his pres
ence here, hence a member of the
faculty will probably go.
Whoever is sent after there

mains will leave San Francisco on
the Alameda of the Oceanic Steam
ship Company's line on Saturday
morning. The first return liner is
the Pacific Mail Steamship Com
pany's China, which leaves Hono
lulu Friday, March 10th. The Ala
meda will reach port before the
China sails, so there will be no de
lay in making connections. Miss
Bertha Berner, secretary of Mrs.
Stanford, and May Wilson, the
maid, will also accompany the re
mains.
The China should reach San
Francisco in six days, and prob
ably the remains will not be de
tained in the city very long, but
will be brought at once to the Uni
versity. It is hardly probable that
the funeral service in the Memorial
Church will be held before Sunday,
March 19th. The body of Mrs.
Stanford will lie instate in Memo
rial Church for a day or more be
fore interment in the Mausoleum.
Definite plans will be announced,
on the return of Mr. Lathrop. All
details regarding the funeral are in
his hands, and until he returns
•nothing definite can be announced.
The funeral of Mrs. Stanford will
probably not be held for two weeks
on account of the delay in bringing
the remains back to the University.
The relatives expressed a desire to
have some one sent to Honolulu to
accompany the body across, and
this will necessitate a delay of a
week. As a result the funeral can
not be held on Founder's day, as
had been suggested.
The Board of Trustees will choose
either a member of the board or of
the University faculty to go after
the remains. It is entirely proba
ble that a faculty member will be
sent. Mr. Lathrop has been in San
Francisco since yesterday morning
and will probably not return until
late this evening. It was thought
that Mr. Lathrop would go to
Honolulu, but a large number of
important things require his pres
ence here, hence a member of the
faculty will probably go.
Whoever is sent after there

mains will leave San Francisco on
the Alameda of the Oceanic Steam
ship Company's line on Saturday
morning. The first return liner is
the Pacific Mail Steamship Com
pany's China, which leaves Hono
lulu Friday, March 10th. The Ala
meda will reach port before the
China sails, so there will be no de
lay in making connections. Miss
Bertha Berner, secretary of Mrs.
Stanford, and May Wilson, the
maid, will also accompany the re
mains.
The China should reach San
Francisco in six days, and prob
ably the remains will not be de
tained in the city very long, but
will be brought at once to the Uni
versity. It is hardly probable that
the funeral service in the Memorial
Church will be held before Sunday,
March 19th. The body of Mrs.
Stanford will lie instate in Memo
rial Church for a day or more be
fore interment in the Mausoleum.
Definite plans will be announced,
on the return of Mr. Lathrop. All
details regarding the funeral are in
his hands, and until he returns
•nothing definite can be announced.
The funeral of Mrs. Stanford will
probably not be held for two weeks
on account of the delay in bringing
the remains back to the University.
The relatives expressed a desire to
have some one sent to Honolulu to
accompany the body across, and
this will necessitate a delay of a
week. As a result the funeral can
not be held on Founder's day, as
had been suggested.
The Board of Trustees will choose
either a member of the board or of
the University faculty to go after
the remains. It is entirely proba
ble that a faculty member will be
sent. Mr. Lathrop has been in San
Francisco since yesterday morning
and will probably not return until
late this evening. It was thought
that Mr. Lathrop would go to
Honolulu, but a large number of
important things require his pres
ence here, hence a member of the
faculty will probably go.
Whoever is sent after there

mains will leave San Francisco on
the Alameda of the Oceanic Steam
ship Company's line on Saturday
morning. The first return liner is
the Pacific Mail Steamship Com
pany's China, which leaves Hono
lulu Friday, March 10th. The Ala
meda will reach port before the
China sails, so there will be no de
lay in making connections. Miss
Bertha Berner, secretary of Mrs.
Stanford, and May Wilson, the
maid, will also accompany the re
mains.
The China should reach San
Francisco in six days, and prob
ably the remains will not be de
tained in the city very long, but
will be brought at once to the Uni
versity. It is hardly probable that
the funeral service in the Memorial
Church will be held before Sunday,
March 19th. The body of Mrs.
Stanford will lie instate in Memo
rial Church for a day or more be
fore interment in the Mausoleum.
Definite plans will be announced,
on the return of Mr. Lathrop. All
details regarding the funeral are in
his hands, and until he returns
•nothing definite can be announced.
