# C.M. Fickert Weds.
## 
### 
The marriage of Charles M. Fick
ert, '98, to Miss Ethel Wallace of
San Francisco, took place yester
day afternoon at the home of the
bride'B parents on Gough street.
After the marriage Mr. and Mrs.
Fickert took the evening train for
the south, where (hey will remain
for a fortnight. Their future home
will be in San Francisco, where
Fickert is Assistant United States
District Attorney.
The marriage of Charles M. Fick
ert, '98, to Miss Ethel Wallace of
San Francisco, took place yester
day afternoon at the home of the
bride'B parents on Gough street.
After the marriage Mr. and Mrs.
Fickert took the evening train for
the south, where (hey will remain
for a fortnight. Their future home
will be in San Francisco, where
Fickert is Assistant United States
District Attorney.
The marriage of Charles M. Fick
ert, '98, to Miss Ethel Wallace of
San Francisco, took place yester
day afternoon at the home of the
bride'B parents on Gough street.
After the marriage Mr. and Mrs.
Fickert took the evening train for
the south, where (hey will remain
for a fortnight. Their future home
will be in San Francisco, where
Fickert is Assistant United States
District Attorney.
The marriage of Charles M. Fick
ert, '98, to Miss Ethel Wallace of
San Francisco, took place yester
day afternoon at the home of the
bride'B parents on Gough street.
After the marriage Mr. and Mrs.
Fickert took the evening train for
the south, where (hey will remain
for a fortnight. Their future home
will be in San Francisco, where
Fickert is Assistant United States
District Attorney.
The marriage of Charles M. Fick
ert, '98, to Miss Ethel Wallace of
San Francisco, took place yester
day afternoon at the home of the
bride'B parents on Gough street.
After the marriage Mr. and Mrs.
Fickert took the evening train for
the south, where (hey will remain
for a fortnight. Their future home
will be in San Francisco, where
Fickert is Assistant United States
District Attorney.
The marriage of Charles M. Fick
ert, '98, to Miss Ethel Wallace of
San Francisco, took place yester
day afternoon at the home of the
bride'B parents on Gough street.
After the marriage Mr. and Mrs.
Fickert took the evening train for
the south, where (hey will remain
for a fortnight. Their future home
will be in San Francisco, where
Fickert is Assistant United States
District Attorney.
The marriage of Charles M. Fick
ert, '98, to Miss Ethel Wallace of
San Francisco, took place yester
day afternoon at the home of the
bride'B parents on Gough street.
After the marriage Mr. and Mrs.
Fickert took the evening train for
the south, where (hey will remain
for a fortnight. Their future home
will be in San Francisco, where
Fickert is Assistant United States
District Attorney.
The marriage of Charles M. Fick
ert, '98, to Miss Ethel Wallace of
San Francisco, took place yester
day afternoon at the home of the
bride'B parents on Gough street.
After the marriage Mr. and Mrs.
Fickert took the evening train for
the south, where (hey will remain
for a fortnight. Their future home
will be in San Francisco, where
Fickert is Assistant United States
District Attorney.
