# Tryouts
## 
### 
Axe Society
Axe Society will interview all
interested students today from
4 to 5:30 p.m., third floor, Wom
en's Clubhouse. Sign-ups for in
terviews are at the ASSU office.
kZSU
Producer tryouts begin today
and continue through Wednesday
from 4 to 6 p.m. at the KZSU stu
dios in the basement of Memorial
Auditorium. No experience is
necessary.
Memorial Church
Students interested in assisting
in Memorial Church activities are
invited to discuss their interests
with the chaplain, assistant chap
lain or secretary in the church
vestry.
Office hours are 8:30 a.m. to 5
p.m. Student Sunday st-hool
teachers and male choir members
are still wanted. Students have
been invited to usher or read
Scripture lessons at the Sunday
services.
