# CLARK NAMED
## 
### 
Ohio State halfback Don ClnrlC
was named yesterday to the Unit,
ed Press Backfield of the Week
for his performance against Stan
ford.
Ohio State halfback Don ClnrlC
was named yesterday to the Unit,
ed Press Backfield of the Week
for his performance against Stan
ford.
Ohio State halfback Don ClnrlC
was named yesterday to the Unit,
ed Press Backfield of the Week
for his performance against Stan
ford.
Ohio State halfback Don ClnrlC
was named yesterday to the Unit,
ed Press Backfield of the Week
for his performance against Stan
ford.
Ohio State halfback Don ClnrlC
was named yesterday to the Unit,
ed Press Backfield of the Week
for his performance against Stan
ford.
Ohio State halfback Don ClnrlC
was named yesterday to the Unit,
ed Press Backfield of the Week
for his performance against Stan
ford.
Ohio State halfback Don ClnrlC
was named yesterday to the Unit,
ed Press Backfield of the Week
for his performance against Stan
ford.
Ohio State halfback Don ClnrlC
was named yesterday to the Unit,
ed Press Backfield of the Week
for his performance against Stan
ford.
Ohio State halfback Don ClnrlC
was named yesterday to the Unit,
ed Press Backfield of the Week
for his performance against Stan
ford.
Ohio State halfback Don ClnrlC
was named yesterday to the Unit,
ed Press Backfield of the Week
for his performance against Stan
ford.
Ohio State halfback Don ClnrlC
was named yesterday to the Unit,
ed Press Backfield of the Week
for his performance against Stan
ford.
Ohio State halfback Don ClnrlC
was named yesterday to the Unit,
ed Press Backfield of the Week
for his performance against Stan
ford.
Ohio State halfback Don ClnrlC
was named yesterday to the Unit,
ed Press Backfield of the Week
for his performance against Stan
ford.
Ohio State halfback Don ClnrlC
was named yesterday to the Unit,
ed Press Backfield of the Week
for his performance against Stan
ford.
Ohio State halfback Don ClnrlC
was named yesterday to the Unit,
ed Press Backfield of the Week
for his performance against Stan
ford.
