# Law Bulletin No. 1.
## 
### 
The Law Department this year is to
publish a series of bulletins throughout
the year on important topics. The first
one appeared on Tuesday in neat form,
containing fifteen pages, and was dis
tributed to certain sections of law stu
dents. It. is proposed to print fifteen
or eighteen during the year. I hey are
edited by Professor Abbott and printed
by the press of ihe /'. In Attn T'ntrs.
The Law Department this year is to
publish a series of bulletins throughout
the year on important topics. The first
one appeared on Tuesday in neat form,
containing fifteen pages, and was dis
tributed to certain sections of law stu
dents. It. is proposed to print fifteen
or eighteen during the year. I hey are
edited by Professor Abbott and printed
by the press of ihe /'. In Attn T'ntrs.
The Law Department this year is to
publish a series of bulletins throughout
the year on important topics. The first
one appeared on Tuesday in neat form,
containing fifteen pages, and was dis
tributed to certain sections of law stu
dents. It. is proposed to print fifteen
or eighteen during the year. I hey are
edited by Professor Abbott and printed
by the press of ihe /'. In Attn T'ntrs.
