# FOUR SPEAKERS TO LECTURE ON PEACE PROBLEM
## Livingstone, Held Prisoner In Union Strike, To Tell About Experience WILBUR WILL PRESIDE Professor Stuart to Open Round-Table Talks 
### 
Sounding the way to peace in
different tones, four prominent
speakers will present a current and
constructive attack on the up-to
date problem in a University assem
bly tomorrow morning at 11 o'clock.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur will
preside over the assembly, which
will open the day's program of peace
discussions.
Fred Bold, Phi Beta Kappa, will
present "Preparedness as a Means of
Safeguarding Peace." A tour of the
central states, debating leading col
leges in the East, has fitted him to
present his closely aligned subject.
Held Prisoner
During the summer months I (en
Livington, junior, was held prisoner
alone on the Pacific by union strik
ers. He will incorporate this non
textbook experience in making his
first important collegiate speech.
Livingston will explain the purpose
of the assembly and the importance
of co-operation with the adminis
tration in current discussions.
Dave MellinkofF, Phi Beta Kappa,
writer of Bull Session, and second
place winner in the Joffre debate,
will discuss "The League of Nations,
Not a Dodo but a Dream."
Thompson Speaks
Spencer Thompson, senior, will
present his definite assertion, "War
Ls Inherent in Capitalism."
Professor Graham Stuart will open
the afternoon series of round-table
confabs following registration from
3 to 4 o'clock in the Women's Club
house. These afternoon groups will
take individual topics connected
with the morning assembly. Stu
dents wishing to take part in these
discussion groups should sign up
now for the section in which they
wish to participate.
