# LIVES, PROPERTY LOST IN STORM
## 
### 

Lashed by a driving April rain. Northern and South crn California suffered thousands of dollars in prop
erty danr\ge and more than a score of persons were ki lied—then of them in a train wreck when a railroad
motor car carrying a crew who had been repairing a washed out track collided with a locomotive. A farm
and its buildings north of Sacramento are shown under water *<t upper left. Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Gomez
and three children are shown rowing to safety when their home was submerged by the American River and
(right) two days of heavy rain washed away enough earth from under this Los Angeles garage to drop the
car into an alley. (Associated Press Photos.)

Lashed by a driving April rain. Northern and South crn California suffered thousands of dollars in prop
erty danr\ge and more than a score of persons were ki lied—then of them in a train wreck when a railroad
motor car carrying a crew who had been repairing a washed out track collided with a locomotive. A farm
and its buildings north of Sacramento are shown under water *<t upper left. Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Gomez
and three children are shown rowing to safety when their home was submerged by the American River and
(right) two days of heavy rain washed away enough earth from under this Los Angeles garage to drop the
car into an alley. (Associated Press Photos.)

Lashed by a driving April rain. Northern and South crn California suffered thousands of dollars in prop
erty danr\ge and more than a score of persons were ki lied—then of them in a train wreck when a railroad
motor car carrying a crew who had been repairing a washed out track collided with a locomotive. A farm
and its buildings north of Sacramento are shown under water *<t upper left. Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Gomez
and three children are shown rowing to safety when their home was submerged by the American River and
(right) two days of heavy rain washed away enough earth from under this Los Angeles garage to drop the
car into an alley. (Associated Press Photos.)

Lashed by a driving April rain. Northern and South crn California suffered thousands of dollars in prop
erty danr\ge and more than a score of persons were ki lied—then of them in a train wreck when a railroad
motor car carrying a crew who had been repairing a washed out track collided with a locomotive. A farm
and its buildings north of Sacramento are shown under water *<t upper left. Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Gomez
and three children are shown rowing to safety when their home was submerged by the American River and
(right) two days of heavy rain washed away enough earth from under this Los Angeles garage to drop the
car into an alley. (Associated Press Photos.)

Lashed by a driving April rain. Northern and South crn California suffered thousands of dollars in prop
erty danr\ge and more than a score of persons were ki lied—then of them in a train wreck when a railroad
motor car carrying a crew who had been repairing a washed out track collided with a locomotive. A farm
and its buildings north of Sacramento are shown under water *<t upper left. Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Gomez
and three children are shown rowing to safety when their home was submerged by the American River and
(right) two days of heavy rain washed away enough earth from under this Los Angeles garage to drop the
car into an alley. (Associated Press Photos.)

Lashed by a driving April rain. Northern and South crn California suffered thousands of dollars in prop
erty danr\ge and more than a score of persons were ki lied—then of them in a train wreck when a railroad
motor car carrying a crew who had been repairing a washed out track collided with a locomotive. A farm
and its buildings north of Sacramento are shown under water *<t upper left. Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Gomez
and three children are shown rowing to safety when their home was submerged by the American River and
(right) two days of heavy rain washed away enough earth from under this Los Angeles garage to drop the
car into an alley. (Associated Press Photos.)

Lashed by a driving April rain. Northern and South crn California suffered thousands of dollars in prop
erty danr\ge and more than a score of persons were ki lied—then of them in a train wreck when a railroad
motor car carrying a crew who had been repairing a washed out track collided with a locomotive. A farm
and its buildings north of Sacramento are shown under water *<t upper left. Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Gomez
and three children are shown rowing to safety when their home was submerged by the American River and
(right) two days of heavy rain washed away enough earth from under this Los Angeles garage to drop the
car into an alley. (Associated Press Photos.)

Lashed by a driving April rain. Northern and South crn California suffered thousands of dollars in prop
erty danr\ge and more than a score of persons were ki lied—then of them in a train wreck when a railroad
motor car carrying a crew who had been repairing a washed out track collided with a locomotive. A farm
and its buildings north of Sacramento are shown under water *<t upper left. Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Gomez
and three children are shown rowing to safety when their home was submerged by the American River and
(right) two days of heavy rain washed away enough earth from under this Los Angeles garage to drop the
car into an alley. (Associated Press Photos.)

Lashed by a driving April rain. Northern and South crn California suffered thousands of dollars in prop
erty danr\ge and more than a score of persons were ki lied—then of them in a train wreck when a railroad
motor car carrying a crew who had been repairing a washed out track collided with a locomotive. A farm
and its buildings north of Sacramento are shown under water *<t upper left. Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Gomez
and three children are shown rowing to safety when their home was submerged by the American River and
(right) two days of heavy rain washed away enough earth from under this Los Angeles garage to drop the
car into an alley. (Associated Press Photos.)

Lashed by a driving April rain. Northern and South crn California suffered thousands of dollars in prop
erty danr\ge and more than a score of persons were ki lied—then of them in a train wreck when a railroad
motor car carrying a crew who had been repairing a washed out track collided with a locomotive. A farm
and its buildings north of Sacramento are shown under water *<t upper left. Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Gomez
and three children are shown rowing to safety when their home was submerged by the American River and
(right) two days of heavy rain washed away enough earth from under this Los Angeles garage to drop the
car into an alley. (Associated Press Photos.)

Lashed by a driving April rain. Northern and South crn California suffered thousands of dollars in prop
erty danr\ge and more than a score of persons were ki lied—then of them in a train wreck when a railroad
motor car carrying a crew who had been repairing a washed out track collided with a locomotive. A farm
and its buildings north of Sacramento are shown under water *<t upper left. Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Gomez
and three children are shown rowing to safety when their home was submerged by the American River and
(right) two days of heavy rain washed away enough earth from under this Los Angeles garage to drop the
car into an alley. (Associated Press Photos.)

Lashed by a driving April rain. Northern and South crn California suffered thousands of dollars in prop
erty danr\ge and more than a score of persons were ki lied—then of them in a train wreck when a railroad
motor car carrying a crew who had been repairing a washed out track collided with a locomotive. A farm
and its buildings north of Sacramento are shown under water *<t upper left. Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Gomez
and three children are shown rowing to safety when their home was submerged by the American River and
(right) two days of heavy rain washed away enough earth from under this Los Angeles garage to drop the
car into an alley. (Associated Press Photos.)

Lashed by a driving April rain. Northern and South crn California suffered thousands of dollars in prop
erty danr\ge and more than a score of persons were ki lied—then of them in a train wreck when a railroad
motor car carrying a crew who had been repairing a washed out track collided with a locomotive. A farm
and its buildings north of Sacramento are shown under water *<t upper left. Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Gomez
and three children are shown rowing to safety when their home was submerged by the American River and
(right) two days of heavy rain washed away enough earth from under this Los Angeles garage to drop the
car into an alley. (Associated Press Photos.)

Lashed by a driving April rain. Northern and South crn California suffered thousands of dollars in prop
erty danr\ge and more than a score of persons were ki lied—then of them in a train wreck when a railroad
motor car carrying a crew who had been repairing a washed out track collided with a locomotive. A farm
and its buildings north of Sacramento are shown under water *<t upper left. Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Gomez
and three children are shown rowing to safety when their home was submerged by the American River and
(right) two days of heavy rain washed away enough earth from under this Los Angeles garage to drop the
car into an alley. (Associated Press Photos.)

Lashed by a driving April rain. Northern and South crn California suffered thousands of dollars in prop
erty danr\ge and more than a score of persons were ki lied—then of them in a train wreck when a railroad
motor car carrying a crew who had been repairing a washed out track collided with a locomotive. A farm
and its buildings north of Sacramento are shown under water *<t upper left. Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Gomez
and three children are shown rowing to safety when their home was submerged by the American River and
(right) two days of heavy rain washed away enough earth from under this Los Angeles garage to drop the
car into an alley. (Associated Press Photos.)
