# TRYOUTEE MEETING
## 
### 
Final choice of new leporters for
The Daily will be published tomor
row following the last tryoutee meet
ing at 5 o'clock today, Charlotte
Burridgc, women's editor, an
nounced.
Final choice of new leporters for
The Daily will be published tomor
row following the last tryoutee meet
ing at 5 o'clock today, Charlotte
Burridgc, women's editor, an
nounced.
Final choice of new leporters for
The Daily will be published tomor
row following the last tryoutee meet
ing at 5 o'clock today, Charlotte
Burridgc, women's editor, an
nounced.
Final choice of new leporters for
The Daily will be published tomor
row following the last tryoutee meet
ing at 5 o'clock today, Charlotte
Burridgc, women's editor, an
nounced.
Final choice of new leporters for
The Daily will be published tomor
row following the last tryoutee meet
ing at 5 o'clock today, Charlotte
Burridgc, women's editor, an
nounced.
Final choice of new leporters for
The Daily will be published tomor
row following the last tryoutee meet
ing at 5 o'clock today, Charlotte
Burridgc, women's editor, an
nounced.
Final choice of new leporters for
The Daily will be published tomor
row following the last tryoutee meet
ing at 5 o'clock today, Charlotte
Burridgc, women's editor, an
nounced.
Final choice of new leporters for
The Daily will be published tomor
row following the last tryoutee meet
ing at 5 o'clock today, Charlotte
Burridgc, women's editor, an
nounced.
Final choice of new leporters for
The Daily will be published tomor
row following the last tryoutee meet
ing at 5 o'clock today, Charlotte
Burridgc, women's editor, an
nounced.
Final choice of new leporters for
The Daily will be published tomor
row following the last tryoutee meet
ing at 5 o'clock today, Charlotte
Burridgc, women's editor, an
nounced.
Final choice of new leporters for
The Daily will be published tomor
row following the last tryoutee meet
ing at 5 o'clock today, Charlotte
Burridgc, women's editor, an
nounced.
Final choice of new leporters for
The Daily will be published tomor
row following the last tryoutee meet
ing at 5 o'clock today, Charlotte
Burridgc, women's editor, an
nounced.
Final choice of new leporters for
The Daily will be published tomor
row following the last tryoutee meet
ing at 5 o'clock today, Charlotte
Burridgc, women's editor, an
nounced.
Final choice of new leporters for
The Daily will be published tomor
row following the last tryoutee meet
ing at 5 o'clock today, Charlotte
Burridgc, women's editor, an
nounced.
Final choice of new leporters for
The Daily will be published tomor
row following the last tryoutee meet
ing at 5 o'clock today, Charlotte
Burridgc, women's editor, an
nounced.
