# Tietze to Talk On Art Tonight
## 
### 
The history and characteristics of
Baroque art will be discussed to
night at 7:30 o'clock in the Little
Theatre by Dr. Hans Tietze, profes
sor of art history, University of Vi
enna, in a lecture on "Baroque Art
All Over the World." The talk will
be illustrated with lantern slides.
Dr. Tietze will describe the in
(luence and importance of Baroque
art in the history of art and will
trace its evolution in the leading
centers — Italy, Belgium, France,
Holland, Germany, Austria and the
Spanish colonies in America. He
will also discuss some of its most
important masters.
A style of decoration characteristic
of the decline in the Renaissance
style, Baroque originated in Italy in
Ihe latter part of the lfith century
and prevailed in Europe through the
greater part of the 18th century.
The lecture Ls being presented un
der the auspices of the graphic arts
and Germanic languages depart
ments.
The history and characteristics of
Baroque art will be discussed to
night at 7:30 o'clock in the Little
Theatre by Dr. Hans Tietze, profes
sor of art history, University of Vi
enna, in a lecture on "Baroque Art
All Over the World." The talk will
be illustrated with lantern slides.
Dr. Tietze will describe the in
(luence and importance of Baroque
art in the history of art and will
trace its evolution in the leading
centers — Italy, Belgium, France,
Holland, Germany, Austria and the
Spanish colonies in America. He
will also discuss some of its most
important masters.
A style of decoration characteristic
of the decline in the Renaissance
style, Baroque originated in Italy in
Ihe latter part of the lfith century
and prevailed in Europe through the
greater part of the 18th century.
The lecture Ls being presented un
der the auspices of the graphic arts
and Germanic languages depart
ments.
The history and characteristics of
Baroque art will be discussed to
night at 7:30 o'clock in the Little
Theatre by Dr. Hans Tietze, profes
sor of art history, University of Vi
enna, in a lecture on "Baroque Art
All Over the World." The talk will
be illustrated with lantern slides.
Dr. Tietze will describe the in
(luence and importance of Baroque
art in the history of art and will
trace its evolution in the leading
centers — Italy, Belgium, France,
Holland, Germany, Austria and the
Spanish colonies in America. He
will also discuss some of its most
important masters.
A style of decoration characteristic
of the decline in the Renaissance
style, Baroque originated in Italy in
Ihe latter part of the lfith century
and prevailed in Europe through the
greater part of the 18th century.
The lecture Ls being presented un
der the auspices of the graphic arts
and Germanic languages depart
ments.
The history and characteristics of
Baroque art will be discussed to
night at 7:30 o'clock in the Little
Theatre by Dr. Hans Tietze, profes
sor of art history, University of Vi
enna, in a lecture on "Baroque Art
All Over the World." The talk will
be illustrated with lantern slides.
Dr. Tietze will describe the in
(luence and importance of Baroque
art in the history of art and will
trace its evolution in the leading
centers — Italy, Belgium, France,
Holland, Germany, Austria and the
Spanish colonies in America. He
will also discuss some of its most
important masters.
A style of decoration characteristic
of the decline in the Renaissance
style, Baroque originated in Italy in
Ihe latter part of the lfith century
and prevailed in Europe through the
greater part of the 18th century.
The lecture Ls being presented un
der the auspices of the graphic arts
and Germanic languages depart
ments.
The history and characteristics of
Baroque art will be discussed to
night at 7:30 o'clock in the Little
Theatre by Dr. Hans Tietze, profes
sor of art history, University of Vi
enna, in a lecture on "Baroque Art
All Over the World." The talk will
be illustrated with lantern slides.
Dr. Tietze will describe the in
(luence and importance of Baroque
art in the history of art and will
trace its evolution in the leading
centers — Italy, Belgium, France,
Holland, Germany, Austria and the
Spanish colonies in America. He
will also discuss some of its most
important masters.
A style of decoration characteristic
of the decline in the Renaissance
style, Baroque originated in Italy in
Ihe latter part of the lfith century
and prevailed in Europe through the
greater part of the 18th century.
The lecture Ls being presented un
der the auspices of the graphic arts
and Germanic languages depart
ments.
The history and characteristics of
Baroque art will be discussed to
night at 7:30 o'clock in the Little
Theatre by Dr. Hans Tietze, profes
sor of art history, University of Vi
enna, in a lecture on "Baroque Art
All Over the World." The talk will
be illustrated with lantern slides.
Dr. Tietze will describe the in
(luence and importance of Baroque
art in the history of art and will
trace its evolution in the leading
centers — Italy, Belgium, France,
Holland, Germany, Austria and the
Spanish colonies in America. He
will also discuss some of its most
important masters.
A style of decoration characteristic
of the decline in the Renaissance
style, Baroque originated in Italy in
Ihe latter part of the lfith century
and prevailed in Europe through the
greater part of the 18th century.
The lecture Ls being presented un
der the auspices of the graphic arts
and Germanic languages depart
ments.
The history and characteristics of
Baroque art will be discussed to
night at 7:30 o'clock in the Little
Theatre by Dr. Hans Tietze, profes
sor of art history, University of Vi
enna, in a lecture on "Baroque Art
All Over the World." The talk will
be illustrated with lantern slides.
Dr. Tietze will describe the in
(luence and importance of Baroque
art in the history of art and will
trace its evolution in the leading
centers — Italy, Belgium, France,
Holland, Germany, Austria and the
Spanish colonies in America. He
will also discuss some of its most
important masters.
A style of decoration characteristic
of the decline in the Renaissance
style, Baroque originated in Italy in
Ihe latter part of the lfith century
and prevailed in Europe through the
greater part of the 18th century.
The lecture Ls being presented un
der the auspices of the graphic arts
and Germanic languages depart
ments.
The history and characteristics of
Baroque art will be discussed to
night at 7:30 o'clock in the Little
Theatre by Dr. Hans Tietze, profes
sor of art history, University of Vi
enna, in a lecture on "Baroque Art
All Over the World." The talk will
be illustrated with lantern slides.
Dr. Tietze will describe the in
(luence and importance of Baroque
art in the history of art and will
trace its evolution in the leading
centers — Italy, Belgium, France,
Holland, Germany, Austria and the
Spanish colonies in America. He
will also discuss some of its most
important masters.
A style of decoration characteristic
of the decline in the Renaissance
style, Baroque originated in Italy in
Ihe latter part of the lfith century
and prevailed in Europe through the
greater part of the 18th century.
The lecture Ls being presented un
der the auspices of the graphic arts
and Germanic languages depart
ments.
The history and characteristics of
Baroque art will be discussed to
night at 7:30 o'clock in the Little
Theatre by Dr. Hans Tietze, profes
sor of art history, University of Vi
enna, in a lecture on "Baroque Art
All Over the World." The talk will
be illustrated with lantern slides.
Dr. Tietze will describe the in
(luence and importance of Baroque
art in the history of art and will
trace its evolution in the leading
centers — Italy, Belgium, France,
Holland, Germany, Austria and the
Spanish colonies in America. He
will also discuss some of its most
important masters.
A style of decoration characteristic
of the decline in the Renaissance
style, Baroque originated in Italy in
Ihe latter part of the lfith century
and prevailed in Europe through the
greater part of the 18th century.
The lecture Ls being presented un
der the auspices of the graphic arts
and Germanic languages depart
ments.
The history and characteristics of
Baroque art will be discussed to
night at 7:30 o'clock in the Little
Theatre by Dr. Hans Tietze, profes
sor of art history, University of Vi
enna, in a lecture on "Baroque Art
All Over the World." The talk will
be illustrated with lantern slides.
Dr. Tietze will describe the in
(luence and importance of Baroque
art in the history of art and will
trace its evolution in the leading
centers — Italy, Belgium, France,
Holland, Germany, Austria and the
Spanish colonies in America. He
will also discuss some of its most
important masters.
A style of decoration characteristic
of the decline in the Renaissance
style, Baroque originated in Italy in
Ihe latter part of the lfith century
and prevailed in Europe through the
greater part of the 18th century.
The lecture Ls being presented un
der the auspices of the graphic arts
and Germanic languages depart
ments.
The history and characteristics of
Baroque art will be discussed to
night at 7:30 o'clock in the Little
Theatre by Dr. Hans Tietze, profes
sor of art history, University of Vi
enna, in a lecture on "Baroque Art
All Over the World." The talk will
be illustrated with lantern slides.
Dr. Tietze will describe the in
(luence and importance of Baroque
art in the history of art and will
trace its evolution in the leading
centers — Italy, Belgium, France,
Holland, Germany, Austria and the
Spanish colonies in America. He
will also discuss some of its most
important masters.
A style of decoration characteristic
of the decline in the Renaissance
style, Baroque originated in Italy in
Ihe latter part of the lfith century
and prevailed in Europe through the
greater part of the 18th century.
The lecture Ls being presented un
der the auspices of the graphic arts
and Germanic languages depart
ments.
The history and characteristics of
Baroque art will be discussed to
night at 7:30 o'clock in the Little
Theatre by Dr. Hans Tietze, profes
sor of art history, University of Vi
enna, in a lecture on "Baroque Art
All Over the World." The talk will
be illustrated with lantern slides.
Dr. Tietze will describe the in
(luence and importance of Baroque
art in the history of art and will
trace its evolution in the leading
centers — Italy, Belgium, France,
Holland, Germany, Austria and the
Spanish colonies in America. He
will also discuss some of its most
important masters.
A style of decoration characteristic
of the decline in the Renaissance
style, Baroque originated in Italy in
Ihe latter part of the lfith century
and prevailed in Europe through the
greater part of the 18th century.
The lecture Ls being presented un
der the auspices of the graphic arts
and Germanic languages depart
ments.
The history and characteristics of
Baroque art will be discussed to
night at 7:30 o'clock in the Little
Theatre by Dr. Hans Tietze, profes
sor of art history, University of Vi
enna, in a lecture on "Baroque Art
All Over the World." The talk will
be illustrated with lantern slides.
Dr. Tietze will describe the in
(luence and importance of Baroque
art in the history of art and will
trace its evolution in the leading
centers — Italy, Belgium, France,
Holland, Germany, Austria and the
Spanish colonies in America. He
will also discuss some of its most
important masters.
A style of decoration characteristic
of the decline in the Renaissance
style, Baroque originated in Italy in
Ihe latter part of the lfith century
and prevailed in Europe through the
greater part of the 18th century.
The lecture Ls being presented un
der the auspices of the graphic arts
and Germanic languages depart
ments.
The history and characteristics of
Baroque art will be discussed to
night at 7:30 o'clock in the Little
Theatre by Dr. Hans Tietze, profes
sor of art history, University of Vi
enna, in a lecture on "Baroque Art
All Over the World." The talk will
be illustrated with lantern slides.
Dr. Tietze will describe the in
(luence and importance of Baroque
art in the history of art and will
trace its evolution in the leading
centers — Italy, Belgium, France,
Holland, Germany, Austria and the
Spanish colonies in America. He
will also discuss some of its most
important masters.
A style of decoration characteristic
of the decline in the Renaissance
style, Baroque originated in Italy in
Ihe latter part of the lfith century
and prevailed in Europe through the
greater part of the 18th century.
The lecture Ls being presented un
der the auspices of the graphic arts
and Germanic languages depart
ments.
The history and characteristics of
Baroque art will be discussed to
night at 7:30 o'clock in the Little
Theatre by Dr. Hans Tietze, profes
sor of art history, University of Vi
enna, in a lecture on "Baroque Art
All Over the World." The talk will
be illustrated with lantern slides.
Dr. Tietze will describe the in
(luence and importance of Baroque
art in the history of art and will
trace its evolution in the leading
centers — Italy, Belgium, France,
Holland, Germany, Austria and the
Spanish colonies in America. He
will also discuss some of its most
important masters.
A style of decoration characteristic
of the decline in the Renaissance
style, Baroque originated in Italy in
Ihe latter part of the lfith century
and prevailed in Europe through the
greater part of the 18th century.
The lecture Ls being presented un
der the auspices of the graphic arts
and Germanic languages depart
ments.
