# Limit for First Quad Installment Extended
## 
### 
"It still isn't too late to buy your
Quad," Charles Fontius, business
manager, said last night. The time
for first installments has been ex
tended to June, and book.s arc still
on sale. However, second payments
must be made by June 1, or no book
will be issued.
Only a limited number of extra
copies are going to be printed this
year, so Fontius advised getting a
copy reserved and not to wait for
the last minute rush. Quads will be
on sale this morning from 8 to 12
o'clock at the usual corner of the
post office.
"It still isn't too late to buy your
Quad," Charles Fontius, business
manager, said last night. The time
for first installments has been ex
tended to June, and book.s arc still
on sale. However, second payments
must be made by June 1, or no book
will be issued.
Only a limited number of extra
copies are going to be printed this
year, so Fontius advised getting a
copy reserved and not to wait for
the last minute rush. Quads will be
on sale this morning from 8 to 12
o'clock at the usual corner of the
post office.
"It still isn't too late to buy your
Quad," Charles Fontius, business
manager, said last night. The time
for first installments has been ex
tended to June, and book.s arc still
on sale. However, second payments
must be made by June 1, or no book
will be issued.
Only a limited number of extra
copies are going to be printed this
year, so Fontius advised getting a
copy reserved and not to wait for
the last minute rush. Quads will be
on sale this morning from 8 to 12
o'clock at the usual corner of the
post office.
"It still isn't too late to buy your
Quad," Charles Fontius, business
manager, said last night. The time
for first installments has been ex
tended to June, and book.s arc still
on sale. However, second payments
must be made by June 1, or no book
will be issued.
Only a limited number of extra
copies are going to be printed this
year, so Fontius advised getting a
copy reserved and not to wait for
the last minute rush. Quads will be
on sale this morning from 8 to 12
o'clock at the usual corner of the
post office.
"It still isn't too late to buy your
Quad," Charles Fontius, business
manager, said last night. The time
for first installments has been ex
tended to June, and book.s arc still
on sale. However, second payments
must be made by June 1, or no book
will be issued.
Only a limited number of extra
copies are going to be printed this
year, so Fontius advised getting a
copy reserved and not to wait for
the last minute rush. Quads will be
on sale this morning from 8 to 12
o'clock at the usual corner of the
post office.
"It still isn't too late to buy your
Quad," Charles Fontius, business
manager, said last night. The time
for first installments has been ex
tended to June, and book.s arc still
on sale. However, second payments
must be made by June 1, or no book
will be issued.
Only a limited number of extra
copies are going to be printed this
year, so Fontius advised getting a
copy reserved and not to wait for
the last minute rush. Quads will be
on sale this morning from 8 to 12
o'clock at the usual corner of the
post office.
"It still isn't too late to buy your
Quad," Charles Fontius, business
manager, said last night. The time
for first installments has been ex
tended to June, and book.s arc still
on sale. However, second payments
must be made by June 1, or no book
will be issued.
Only a limited number of extra
copies are going to be printed this
year, so Fontius advised getting a
copy reserved and not to wait for
the last minute rush. Quads will be
on sale this morning from 8 to 12
o'clock at the usual corner of the
post office.
"It still isn't too late to buy your
Quad," Charles Fontius, business
manager, said last night. The time
for first installments has been ex
tended to June, and book.s arc still
on sale. However, second payments
must be made by June 1, or no book
will be issued.
Only a limited number of extra
copies are going to be printed this
year, so Fontius advised getting a
copy reserved and not to wait for
the last minute rush. Quads will be
on sale this morning from 8 to 12
o'clock at the usual corner of the
post office.
"It still isn't too late to buy your
Quad," Charles Fontius, business
manager, said last night. The time
for first installments has been ex
tended to June, and book.s arc still
on sale. However, second payments
must be made by June 1, or no book
will be issued.
Only a limited number of extra
copies are going to be printed this
year, so Fontius advised getting a
copy reserved and not to wait for
the last minute rush. Quads will be
on sale this morning from 8 to 12
o'clock at the usual corner of the
post office.
"It still isn't too late to buy your
Quad," Charles Fontius, business
manager, said last night. The time
for first installments has been ex
tended to June, and book.s arc still
on sale. However, second payments
must be made by June 1, or no book
will be issued.
Only a limited number of extra
copies are going to be printed this
year, so Fontius advised getting a
copy reserved and not to wait for
the last minute rush. Quads will be
on sale this morning from 8 to 12
o'clock at the usual corner of the
post office.
"It still isn't too late to buy your
Quad," Charles Fontius, business
manager, said last night. The time
for first installments has been ex
tended to June, and book.s arc still
on sale. However, second payments
must be made by June 1, or no book
will be issued.
Only a limited number of extra
copies are going to be printed this
year, so Fontius advised getting a
copy reserved and not to wait for
the last minute rush. Quads will be
on sale this morning from 8 to 12
o'clock at the usual corner of the
post office.
"It still isn't too late to buy your
Quad," Charles Fontius, business
manager, said last night. The time
for first installments has been ex
tended to June, and book.s arc still
on sale. However, second payments
must be made by June 1, or no book
will be issued.
Only a limited number of extra
copies are going to be printed this
year, so Fontius advised getting a
copy reserved and not to wait for
the last minute rush. Quads will be
on sale this morning from 8 to 12
o'clock at the usual corner of the
post office.
"It still isn't too late to buy your
Quad," Charles Fontius, business
manager, said last night. The time
for first installments has been ex
tended to June, and book.s arc still
on sale. However, second payments
must be made by June 1, or no book
will be issued.
Only a limited number of extra
copies are going to be printed this
year, so Fontius advised getting a
copy reserved and not to wait for
the last minute rush. Quads will be
on sale this morning from 8 to 12
o'clock at the usual corner of the
post office.
"It still isn't too late to buy your
Quad," Charles Fontius, business
manager, said last night. The time
for first installments has been ex
tended to June, and book.s arc still
on sale. However, second payments
must be made by June 1, or no book
will be issued.
Only a limited number of extra
copies are going to be printed this
year, so Fontius advised getting a
copy reserved and not to wait for
the last minute rush. Quads will be
on sale this morning from 8 to 12
o'clock at the usual corner of the
post office.
"It still isn't too late to buy your
Quad," Charles Fontius, business
manager, said last night. The time
for first installments has been ex
tended to June, and book.s arc still
on sale. However, second payments
must be made by June 1, or no book
will be issued.
Only a limited number of extra
copies are going to be printed this
year, so Fontius advised getting a
copy reserved and not to wait for
the last minute rush. Quads will be
on sale this morning from 8 to 12
o'clock at the usual corner of the
post office.
