# Mrs. Stanford Accepts Buildings.
## 
### 
Mrs. Stanford came down to the
University on last Friday for the
first time since she returned from
Europe. She was very much de
lighted with what she saw of the
new buildings. She accepted from
the contractors the Assembly Hall
and Library and seemed annoyed
that this had not been done before
so that the students could have en
joyed them during the past semes
ter. As regards new buildings she
bad very little to say beyond the
fact that plans had been drawn up
for the buildings which will com
plete the facade of the outer quad
rangle, already commenced, and
that she will examine them soon
and get them ready for the con
tractors. Work will commence
some time during next semester.

Plans have also been made for the
new chemistry building, and the
close of the present college year
will in.all probability see that be
gun also.
Mrs. Stanford confirmed the re
ports that the recent sale of rail
road stock would not increase the
University working fund at present
and so nothing very extensive in
the way of an increased faculty or
equipment need be looked for just
now. No money will be spent
which is not absolutely needed.
Mrs. Stanford says that instead of
looking around for ways of spend
ing money she intends to take a
rent for a few months and to con
cern herself only with those mat
ters of business which are urgent.
