# Untitled Article
## 
### 
(tET Yon? Pictures framed and
packed to ship either by express or
freight, at Sherman it Co.'s, Palo
Alto.
Wk Have a Lini: of upholstered
rockers, fur rugs, library tables,
chairs, carpet sweepers, etc, that
would be suitable for Xmas pres
ents. Sherman & Co., Palo Alto.
(tET Yon? Pictures framed and
packed to ship either by express or
freight, at Sherman it Co.'s, Palo
Alto.
Wk Have a Lini: of upholstered
rockers, fur rugs, library tables,
chairs, carpet sweepers, etc, that
would be suitable for Xmas pres
ents. Sherman & Co., Palo Alto.
(tET Yon? Pictures framed and
packed to ship either by express or
freight, at Sherman it Co.'s, Palo
Alto.
Wk Have a Lini: of upholstered
rockers, fur rugs, library tables,
chairs, carpet sweepers, etc, that
would be suitable for Xmas pres
ents. Sherman & Co., Palo Alto.
(tET Yon? Pictures framed and
packed to ship either by express or
freight, at Sherman it Co.'s, Palo
Alto.
Wk Have a Lini: of upholstered
rockers, fur rugs, library tables,
chairs, carpet sweepers, etc, that
would be suitable for Xmas pres
ents. Sherman & Co., Palo Alto.
(tET Yon? Pictures framed and
packed to ship either by express or
freight, at Sherman it Co.'s, Palo
Alto.
Wk Have a Lini: of upholstered
rockers, fur rugs, library tables,
chairs, carpet sweepers, etc, that
would be suitable for Xmas pres
ents. Sherman & Co., Palo Alto.
(tET Yon? Pictures framed and
packed to ship either by express or
freight, at Sherman it Co.'s, Palo
Alto.
Wk Have a Lini: of upholstered
rockers, fur rugs, library tables,
chairs, carpet sweepers, etc, that
would be suitable for Xmas pres
ents. Sherman & Co., Palo Alto.
