# Adv. 9 Page 3
## 
### 
Petitions for change in fi
nal examination for autumn
quarter 1961 must be filed in
Room 102-N, Bldg. 100 by
Monday, Nov. 20, according to
Mrs. Henrietta Edell, examin
ation secretary.
Petitions for change in fi
nal examination for autumn
quarter 1961 must be filed in
Room 102-N, Bldg. 100 by
Monday, Nov. 20, according to
Mrs. Henrietta Edell, examin
ation secretary.
Petitions for change in fi
nal examination for autumn
quarter 1961 must be filed in
Room 102-N, Bldg. 100 by
Monday, Nov. 20, according to
Mrs. Henrietta Edell, examin
ation secretary.
Petitions for change in fi
nal examination for autumn
quarter 1961 must be filed in
Room 102-N, Bldg. 100 by
Monday, Nov. 20, according to
Mrs. Henrietta Edell, examin
ation secretary.
Petitions for change in fi
nal examination for autumn
quarter 1961 must be filed in
Room 102-N, Bldg. 100 by
Monday, Nov. 20, according to
Mrs. Henrietta Edell, examin
ation secretary.
Petitions for change in fi
nal examination for autumn
quarter 1961 must be filed in
Room 102-N, Bldg. 100 by
Monday, Nov. 20, according to
Mrs. Henrietta Edell, examin
ation secretary.
Petitions for change in fi
nal examination for autumn
quarter 1961 must be filed in
Room 102-N, Bldg. 100 by
Monday, Nov. 20, according to
Mrs. Henrietta Edell, examin
ation secretary.
Petitions for change in fi
nal examination for autumn
quarter 1961 must be filed in
Room 102-N, Bldg. 100 by
Monday, Nov. 20, according to
Mrs. Henrietta Edell, examin
ation secretary.
Petitions for change in fi
nal examination for autumn
quarter 1961 must be filed in
Room 102-N, Bldg. 100 by
Monday, Nov. 20, according to
Mrs. Henrietta Edell, examin
ation secretary.
Petitions for change in fi
nal examination for autumn
quarter 1961 must be filed in
Room 102-N, Bldg. 100 by
Monday, Nov. 20, according to
Mrs. Henrietta Edell, examin
ation secretary.
Petitions for change in fi
nal examination for autumn
quarter 1961 must be filed in
Room 102-N, Bldg. 100 by
Monday, Nov. 20, according to
Mrs. Henrietta Edell, examin
ation secretary.
Petitions for change in fi
nal examination for autumn
quarter 1961 must be filed in
Room 102-N, Bldg. 100 by
Monday, Nov. 20, according to
Mrs. Henrietta Edell, examin
ation secretary.
Petitions for change in fi
nal examination for autumn
quarter 1961 must be filed in
Room 102-N, Bldg. 100 by
Monday, Nov. 20, according to
Mrs. Henrietta Edell, examin
ation secretary.
Petitions for change in fi
nal examination for autumn
quarter 1961 must be filed in
Room 102-N, Bldg. 100 by
Monday, Nov. 20, according to
Mrs. Henrietta Edell, examin
ation secretary.
Petitions for change in fi
nal examination for autumn
quarter 1961 must be filed in
Room 102-N, Bldg. 100 by
Monday, Nov. 20, according to
Mrs. Henrietta Edell, examin
ation secretary.
Petitions for change in fi
nal examination for autumn
quarter 1961 must be filed in
Room 102-N, Bldg. 100 by
Monday, Nov. 20, according to
Mrs. Henrietta Edell, examin
ation secretary.
