# Adv. 8 Page 4
## 
### 
Ms
Immediate openings for you
if you are experienced in
office skills, if you are
between iobs, returning to
the working world, retired,
but still active or need
extra money'
We also need workers for
light Industries (plant,
factory, warehouse]
TOP PAY NO FEE
Equal Opportunity Employer
llhomas
Jemporaries
| Town and Country
Vilage
Palo Alto
328-0300^
V)] —)]
Ms
Immediate openings for you
if you are experienced in
office skills, if you are
between iobs, returning to
the working world, retired,
but still active or need
extra money'
We also need workers for
light Industries (plant,
factory, warehouse]
TOP PAY NO FEE
Equal Opportunity Employer
llhomas
Jemporaries
| Town and Country
Vilage
Palo Alto
328-0300^
V)] —)]
Ms
Immediate openings for you
if you are experienced in
office skills, if you are
between iobs, returning to
the working world, retired,
but still active or need
extra money'
We also need workers for
light Industries (plant,
factory, warehouse]
TOP PAY NO FEE
Equal Opportunity Employer
llhomas
Jemporaries
| Town and Country
Vilage
Palo Alto
328-0300^
V)] —)]
Ms
Immediate openings for you
if you are experienced in
office skills, if you are
between iobs, returning to
the working world, retired,
but still active or need
extra money'
We also need workers for
light Industries (plant,
factory, warehouse]
TOP PAY NO FEE
Equal Opportunity Employer
llhomas
Jemporaries
| Town and Country
Vilage
Palo Alto
328-0300^
V)] —)]
Ms
Immediate openings for you
if you are experienced in
office skills, if you are
between iobs, returning to
the working world, retired,
but still active or need
extra money'
We also need workers for
light Industries (plant,
factory, warehouse]
TOP PAY NO FEE
Equal Opportunity Employer
llhomas
Jemporaries
| Town and Country
Vilage
Palo Alto
328-0300^
V)] —)]
Ms
Immediate openings for you
if you are experienced in
office skills, if you are
between iobs, returning to
the working world, retired,
but still active or need
extra money'
We also need workers for
light Industries (plant,
factory, warehouse]
TOP PAY NO FEE
Equal Opportunity Employer
llhomas
Jemporaries
| Town and Country
Vilage
Palo Alto
328-0300^
V)] —)]
Ms
Immediate openings for you
if you are experienced in
office skills, if you are
between iobs, returning to
the working world, retired,
but still active or need
extra money'
We also need workers for
light Industries (plant,
factory, warehouse]
TOP PAY NO FEE
Equal Opportunity Employer
llhomas
Jemporaries
| Town and Country
Vilage
Palo Alto
328-0300^
V)] —)]
Ms
Immediate openings for you
if you are experienced in
office skills, if you are
between iobs, returning to
the working world, retired,
but still active or need
extra money'
We also need workers for
light Industries (plant,
factory, warehouse]
TOP PAY NO FEE
Equal Opportunity Employer
llhomas
Jemporaries
| Town and Country
Vilage
Palo Alto
328-0300^
V)] —)]
Ms
Immediate openings for you
if you are experienced in
office skills, if you are
between iobs, returning to
the working world, retired,
but still active or need
extra money'
We also need workers for
light Industries (plant,
factory, warehouse]
TOP PAY NO FEE
Equal Opportunity Employer
llhomas
Jemporaries
| Town and Country
Vilage
Palo Alto
328-0300^
V)] —)]
Ms
Immediate openings for you
if you are experienced in
office skills, if you are
between iobs, returning to
the working world, retired,
but still active or need
extra money'
We also need workers for
light Industries (plant,
factory, warehouse]
TOP PAY NO FEE
Equal Opportunity Employer
llhomas
Jemporaries
| Town and Country
Vilage
Palo Alto
328-0300^
V)] —)]
Ms
Immediate openings for you
if you are experienced in
office skills, if you are
between iobs, returning to
the working world, retired,
but still active or need
extra money'
We also need workers for
light Industries (plant,
factory, warehouse]
TOP PAY NO FEE
Equal Opportunity Employer
llhomas
Jemporaries
| Town and Country
Vilage
Palo Alto
328-0300^
V)] —)]
Ms
Immediate openings for you
if you are experienced in
office skills, if you are
between iobs, returning to
the working world, retired,
but still active or need
extra money'
We also need workers for
light Industries (plant,
factory, warehouse]
TOP PAY NO FEE
Equal Opportunity Employer
llhomas
Jemporaries
| Town and Country
Vilage
Palo Alto
328-0300^
V)] —)]
Ms
Immediate openings for you
if you are experienced in
office skills, if you are
between iobs, returning to
the working world, retired,
but still active or need
extra money'
We also need workers for
light Industries (plant,
factory, warehouse]
TOP PAY NO FEE
Equal Opportunity Employer
llhomas
Jemporaries
| Town and Country
Vilage
Palo Alto
328-0300^
V)] —)]
