# CIVIL SERVICE WILL GIVE EXAMINATIONS FOR PATENT OFFICE
## 
### 
The United States Civil Service Com
mission has announced an open competi
tive examination for assistant examiner,
Patent Office, 011 May 9, 10, and 11, to
fill vacancies in the Patent Office at
Washington, D. C., at the entrance sal
ary of $1,500 a year.
In addition to the present vacancies,
Congress has authorized forty-three new
positions of assistant examiner in the
Patent Ofice, effective July, 1923. On
account of the urgent needs of the ser
vice, papers will be rated and certifica
tion of eligibles will be made within the
shortest possible time after holding the
examination.
All citizens of the United States who
meet the requirements, may enter the ex
amination, and students who have com
pleted two years of a technical or scien
tific course in college and whose fund of
general knowledge in the scientific,
technical, and industrial field is normally
broad, are especially desired.
The United States Civil Service Com
mission has announced an open competi
tive examination for assistant examiner,
Patent Office, 011 May 9, 10, and 11, to
fill vacancies in the Patent Office at
Washington, D. C., at the entrance sal
ary of $1,500 a year.
In addition to the present vacancies,
Congress has authorized forty-three new
positions of assistant examiner in the
Patent Ofice, effective July, 1923. On
account of the urgent needs of the ser
vice, papers will be rated and certifica
tion of eligibles will be made within the
shortest possible time after holding the
examination.
All citizens of the United States who
meet the requirements, may enter the ex
amination, and students who have com
pleted two years of a technical or scien
tific course in college and whose fund of
general knowledge in the scientific,
technical, and industrial field is normally
broad, are especially desired.
The United States Civil Service Com
mission has announced an open competi
tive examination for assistant examiner,
Patent Office, 011 May 9, 10, and 11, to
fill vacancies in the Patent Office at
Washington, D. C., at the entrance sal
ary of $1,500 a year.
In addition to the present vacancies,
Congress has authorized forty-three new
positions of assistant examiner in the
Patent Ofice, effective July, 1923. On
account of the urgent needs of the ser
vice, papers will be rated and certifica
tion of eligibles will be made within the
shortest possible time after holding the
examination.
All citizens of the United States who
meet the requirements, may enter the ex
amination, and students who have com
pleted two years of a technical or scien
tific course in college and whose fund of
general knowledge in the scientific,
technical, and industrial field is normally
broad, are especially desired.
The United States Civil Service Com
mission has announced an open competi
tive examination for assistant examiner,
Patent Office, 011 May 9, 10, and 11, to
fill vacancies in the Patent Office at
Washington, D. C., at the entrance sal
ary of $1,500 a year.
In addition to the present vacancies,
Congress has authorized forty-three new
positions of assistant examiner in the
Patent Ofice, effective July, 1923. On
account of the urgent needs of the ser
vice, papers will be rated and certifica
tion of eligibles will be made within the
shortest possible time after holding the
examination.
All citizens of the United States who
meet the requirements, may enter the ex
amination, and students who have com
pleted two years of a technical or scien
tific course in college and whose fund of
general knowledge in the scientific,
technical, and industrial field is normally
broad, are especially desired.
The United States Civil Service Com
mission has announced an open competi
tive examination for assistant examiner,
Patent Office, 011 May 9, 10, and 11, to
fill vacancies in the Patent Office at
Washington, D. C., at the entrance sal
ary of $1,500 a year.
In addition to the present vacancies,
Congress has authorized forty-three new
positions of assistant examiner in the
Patent Ofice, effective July, 1923. On
account of the urgent needs of the ser
vice, papers will be rated and certifica
tion of eligibles will be made within the
shortest possible time after holding the
examination.
All citizens of the United States who
meet the requirements, may enter the ex
amination, and students who have com
pleted two years of a technical or scien
tific course in college and whose fund of
general knowledge in the scientific,
technical, and industrial field is normally
broad, are especially desired.
The United States Civil Service Com
mission has announced an open competi
tive examination for assistant examiner,
Patent Office, 011 May 9, 10, and 11, to
fill vacancies in the Patent Office at
Washington, D. C., at the entrance sal
ary of $1,500 a year.
In addition to the present vacancies,
Congress has authorized forty-three new
positions of assistant examiner in the
Patent Ofice, effective July, 1923. On
account of the urgent needs of the ser
vice, papers will be rated and certifica
tion of eligibles will be made within the
shortest possible time after holding the
examination.
All citizens of the United States who
meet the requirements, may enter the ex
amination, and students who have com
pleted two years of a technical or scien
tific course in college and whose fund of
general knowledge in the scientific,
technical, and industrial field is normally
broad, are especially desired.
The United States Civil Service Com
mission has announced an open competi
tive examination for assistant examiner,
Patent Office, 011 May 9, 10, and 11, to
fill vacancies in the Patent Office at
Washington, D. C., at the entrance sal
ary of $1,500 a year.
In addition to the present vacancies,
Congress has authorized forty-three new
positions of assistant examiner in the
Patent Ofice, effective July, 1923. On
account of the urgent needs of the ser
vice, papers will be rated and certifica
tion of eligibles will be made within the
shortest possible time after holding the
examination.
All citizens of the United States who
meet the requirements, may enter the ex
amination, and students who have com
pleted two years of a technical or scien
tific course in college and whose fund of
general knowledge in the scientific,
technical, and industrial field is normally
broad, are especially desired.
The United States Civil Service Com
mission has announced an open competi
tive examination for assistant examiner,
Patent Office, 011 May 9, 10, and 11, to
fill vacancies in the Patent Office at
Washington, D. C., at the entrance sal
ary of $1,500 a year.
In addition to the present vacancies,
Congress has authorized forty-three new
positions of assistant examiner in the
Patent Ofice, effective July, 1923. On
account of the urgent needs of the ser
vice, papers will be rated and certifica
tion of eligibles will be made within the
shortest possible time after holding the
examination.
All citizens of the United States who
meet the requirements, may enter the ex
amination, and students who have com
pleted two years of a technical or scien
tific course in college and whose fund of
general knowledge in the scientific,
technical, and industrial field is normally
broad, are especially desired.
The United States Civil Service Com
mission has announced an open competi
tive examination for assistant examiner,
Patent Office, 011 May 9, 10, and 11, to
fill vacancies in the Patent Office at
Washington, D. C., at the entrance sal
ary of $1,500 a year.
In addition to the present vacancies,
Congress has authorized forty-three new
positions of assistant examiner in the
Patent Ofice, effective July, 1923. On
account of the urgent needs of the ser
vice, papers will be rated and certifica
tion of eligibles will be made within the
shortest possible time after holding the
examination.
All citizens of the United States who
meet the requirements, may enter the ex
amination, and students who have com
pleted two years of a technical or scien
tific course in college and whose fund of
general knowledge in the scientific,
technical, and industrial field is normally
broad, are especially desired.
The United States Civil Service Com
mission has announced an open competi
tive examination for assistant examiner,
Patent Office, 011 May 9, 10, and 11, to
fill vacancies in the Patent Office at
Washington, D. C., at the entrance sal
ary of $1,500 a year.
In addition to the present vacancies,
Congress has authorized forty-three new
positions of assistant examiner in the
Patent Ofice, effective July, 1923. On
account of the urgent needs of the ser
vice, papers will be rated and certifica
tion of eligibles will be made within the
shortest possible time after holding the
examination.
All citizens of the United States who
meet the requirements, may enter the ex
amination, and students who have com
pleted two years of a technical or scien
tific course in college and whose fund of
general knowledge in the scientific,
technical, and industrial field is normally
broad, are especially desired.
The United States Civil Service Com
mission has announced an open competi
tive examination for assistant examiner,
Patent Office, 011 May 9, 10, and 11, to
fill vacancies in the Patent Office at
Washington, D. C., at the entrance sal
ary of $1,500 a year.
In addition to the present vacancies,
Congress has authorized forty-three new
positions of assistant examiner in the
Patent Ofice, effective July, 1923. On
account of the urgent needs of the ser
vice, papers will be rated and certifica
tion of eligibles will be made within the
shortest possible time after holding the
examination.
All citizens of the United States who
meet the requirements, may enter the ex
amination, and students who have com
pleted two years of a technical or scien
tific course in college and whose fund of
general knowledge in the scientific,
technical, and industrial field is normally
broad, are especially desired.
The United States Civil Service Com
mission has announced an open competi
tive examination for assistant examiner,
Patent Office, 011 May 9, 10, and 11, to
fill vacancies in the Patent Office at
Washington, D. C., at the entrance sal
ary of $1,500 a year.
In addition to the present vacancies,
Congress has authorized forty-three new
positions of assistant examiner in the
Patent Ofice, effective July, 1923. On
account of the urgent needs of the ser
vice, papers will be rated and certifica
tion of eligibles will be made within the
shortest possible time after holding the
examination.
All citizens of the United States who
meet the requirements, may enter the ex
amination, and students who have com
pleted two years of a technical or scien
tific course in college and whose fund of
general knowledge in the scientific,
technical, and industrial field is normally
broad, are especially desired.
The United States Civil Service Com
mission has announced an open competi
tive examination for assistant examiner,
Patent Office, 011 May 9, 10, and 11, to
fill vacancies in the Patent Office at
Washington, D. C., at the entrance sal
ary of $1,500 a year.
In addition to the present vacancies,
Congress has authorized forty-three new
positions of assistant examiner in the
Patent Ofice, effective July, 1923. On
account of the urgent needs of the ser
vice, papers will be rated and certifica
tion of eligibles will be made within the
shortest possible time after holding the
examination.
All citizens of the United States who
meet the requirements, may enter the ex
amination, and students who have com
pleted two years of a technical or scien
tific course in college and whose fund of
general knowledge in the scientific,
technical, and industrial field is normally
broad, are especially desired.
The United States Civil Service Com
mission has announced an open competi
tive examination for assistant examiner,
Patent Office, 011 May 9, 10, and 11, to
fill vacancies in the Patent Office at
Washington, D. C., at the entrance sal
ary of $1,500 a year.
In addition to the present vacancies,
Congress has authorized forty-three new
positions of assistant examiner in the
Patent Ofice, effective July, 1923. On
account of the urgent needs of the ser
vice, papers will be rated and certifica
tion of eligibles will be made within the
shortest possible time after holding the
examination.
All citizens of the United States who
meet the requirements, may enter the ex
amination, and students who have com
pleted two years of a technical or scien
tific course in college and whose fund of
general knowledge in the scientific,
technical, and industrial field is normally
broad, are especially desired.
The United States Civil Service Com
mission has announced an open competi
tive examination for assistant examiner,
Patent Office, 011 May 9, 10, and 11, to
fill vacancies in the Patent Office at
Washington, D. C., at the entrance sal
ary of $1,500 a year.
In addition to the present vacancies,
Congress has authorized forty-three new
positions of assistant examiner in the
Patent Ofice, effective July, 1923. On
account of the urgent needs of the ser
vice, papers will be rated and certifica
tion of eligibles will be made within the
shortest possible time after holding the
examination.
All citizens of the United States who
meet the requirements, may enter the ex
amination, and students who have com
pleted two years of a technical or scien
tific course in college and whose fund of
general knowledge in the scientific,
technical, and industrial field is normally
broad, are especially desired.
