# Dr. Jordan to Discuss "Relations With Japan"
## 
### 
"Our Relations With Japan" will he
the subject, of Dr. Jordan's regular
Thursday evening discussion this
week.
"Our Relations With Japan" will he
the subject, of Dr. Jordan's regular
Thursday evening discussion this
week.
"Our Relations With Japan" will he
the subject, of Dr. Jordan's regular
Thursday evening discussion this
week.
"Our Relations With Japan" will he
the subject, of Dr. Jordan's regular
Thursday evening discussion this
week.
"Our Relations With Japan" will he
the subject, of Dr. Jordan's regular
Thursday evening discussion this
week.
"Our Relations With Japan" will he
the subject, of Dr. Jordan's regular
Thursday evening discussion this
week.
"Our Relations With Japan" will he
the subject, of Dr. Jordan's regular
Thursday evening discussion this
week.
"Our Relations With Japan" will he
the subject, of Dr. Jordan's regular
Thursday evening discussion this
week.
"Our Relations With Japan" will he
the subject, of Dr. Jordan's regular
Thursday evening discussion this
week.
"Our Relations With Japan" will he
the subject, of Dr. Jordan's regular
Thursday evening discussion this
week.
"Our Relations With Japan" will he
the subject, of Dr. Jordan's regular
Thursday evening discussion this
week.
"Our Relations With Japan" will he
the subject, of Dr. Jordan's regular
Thursday evening discussion this
week.
"Our Relations With Japan" will he
the subject, of Dr. Jordan's regular
Thursday evening discussion this
week.
"Our Relations With Japan" will he
the subject, of Dr. Jordan's regular
Thursday evening discussion this
week.
"Our Relations With Japan" will he
the subject, of Dr. Jordan's regular
Thursday evening discussion this
week.
