# MICHIGAN PROFESSOR PREDICTS U. S. PERFECTION IN 2100
## 
### 
Professor A. Franklin Shull of the
University of Michigan stated in a
recent address that by the year 2100
the population of the United States,
at its present rate of increase, would
by 193,000,000, which is the maximum
number this country is capable of sup
porting under present conditions' of
the economic order.

University of Oregon seniors have
adopted cowboy sombreros made of
straw.
Professor A. Franklin Shull of the
University of Michigan stated in a
recent address that by the year 2100
the population of the United States,
at its present rate of increase, would
by 193,000,000, which is the maximum
number this country is capable of sup
porting under present conditions' of
the economic order.

University of Oregon seniors have
adopted cowboy sombreros made of
straw.
Professor A. Franklin Shull of the
University of Michigan stated in a
recent address that by the year 2100
the population of the United States,
at its present rate of increase, would
by 193,000,000, which is the maximum
number this country is capable of sup
porting under present conditions' of
the economic order.

University of Oregon seniors have
adopted cowboy sombreros made of
straw.
Professor A. Franklin Shull of the
University of Michigan stated in a
recent address that by the year 2100
the population of the United States,
at its present rate of increase, would
by 193,000,000, which is the maximum
number this country is capable of sup
porting under present conditions' of
the economic order.

University of Oregon seniors have
adopted cowboy sombreros made of
straw.
Professor A. Franklin Shull of the
University of Michigan stated in a
recent address that by the year 2100
the population of the United States,
at its present rate of increase, would
by 193,000,000, which is the maximum
number this country is capable of sup
porting under present conditions' of
the economic order.

University of Oregon seniors have
adopted cowboy sombreros made of
straw.
Professor A. Franklin Shull of the
University of Michigan stated in a
recent address that by the year 2100
the population of the United States,
at its present rate of increase, would
by 193,000,000, which is the maximum
number this country is capable of sup
porting under present conditions' of
the economic order.

University of Oregon seniors have
adopted cowboy sombreros made of
straw.
Professor A. Franklin Shull of the
University of Michigan stated in a
recent address that by the year 2100
the population of the United States,
at its present rate of increase, would
by 193,000,000, which is the maximum
number this country is capable of sup
porting under present conditions' of
the economic order.

University of Oregon seniors have
adopted cowboy sombreros made of
straw.
Professor A. Franklin Shull of the
University of Michigan stated in a
recent address that by the year 2100
the population of the United States,
at its present rate of increase, would
by 193,000,000, which is the maximum
number this country is capable of sup
porting under present conditions' of
the economic order.

University of Oregon seniors have
adopted cowboy sombreros made of
straw.
Professor A. Franklin Shull of the
University of Michigan stated in a
recent address that by the year 2100
the population of the United States,
at its present rate of increase, would
by 193,000,000, which is the maximum
number this country is capable of sup
porting under present conditions' of
the economic order.

University of Oregon seniors have
adopted cowboy sombreros made of
straw.
Professor A. Franklin Shull of the
University of Michigan stated in a
recent address that by the year 2100
the population of the United States,
at its present rate of increase, would
by 193,000,000, which is the maximum
number this country is capable of sup
porting under present conditions' of
the economic order.

University of Oregon seniors have
adopted cowboy sombreros made of
straw.
Professor A. Franklin Shull of the
University of Michigan stated in a
recent address that by the year 2100
the population of the United States,
at its present rate of increase, would
by 193,000,000, which is the maximum
number this country is capable of sup
porting under present conditions' of
the economic order.

University of Oregon seniors have
adopted cowboy sombreros made of
straw.
Professor A. Franklin Shull of the
University of Michigan stated in a
recent address that by the year 2100
the population of the United States,
at its present rate of increase, would
by 193,000,000, which is the maximum
number this country is capable of sup
porting under present conditions' of
the economic order.

University of Oregon seniors have
adopted cowboy sombreros made of
straw.
Professor A. Franklin Shull of the
University of Michigan stated in a
recent address that by the year 2100
the population of the United States,
at its present rate of increase, would
by 193,000,000, which is the maximum
number this country is capable of sup
porting under present conditions' of
the economic order.

University of Oregon seniors have
adopted cowboy sombreros made of
straw.
Professor A. Franklin Shull of the
University of Michigan stated in a
recent address that by the year 2100
the population of the United States,
at its present rate of increase, would
by 193,000,000, which is the maximum
number this country is capable of sup
porting under present conditions' of
the economic order.

University of Oregon seniors have
adopted cowboy sombreros made of
straw.
Professor A. Franklin Shull of the
University of Michigan stated in a
recent address that by the year 2100
the population of the United States,
at its present rate of increase, would
by 193,000,000, which is the maximum
number this country is capable of sup
porting under present conditions' of
the economic order.

University of Oregon seniors have
adopted cowboy sombreros made of
straw.
