# Exhibition of Flora and Fauna Will Be Tomorrow
## 
### 
An exhibit of local fauna and flora
will be held in Jordan Hall lobby to
morrow afternoon from 2 to 4:30
o'clock.
An exhibit of local fauna and flora
will be held in Jordan Hall lobby to
morrow afternoon from 2 to 4:30
o'clock.
An exhibit of local fauna and flora
will be held in Jordan Hall lobby to
morrow afternoon from 2 to 4:30
o'clock.
An exhibit of local fauna and flora
will be held in Jordan Hall lobby to
morrow afternoon from 2 to 4:30
o'clock.
An exhibit of local fauna and flora
will be held in Jordan Hall lobby to
morrow afternoon from 2 to 4:30
o'clock.
An exhibit of local fauna and flora
will be held in Jordan Hall lobby to
morrow afternoon from 2 to 4:30
o'clock.
An exhibit of local fauna and flora
will be held in Jordan Hall lobby to
morrow afternoon from 2 to 4:30
o'clock.
An exhibit of local fauna and flora
will be held in Jordan Hall lobby to
morrow afternoon from 2 to 4:30
o'clock.
An exhibit of local fauna and flora
will be held in Jordan Hall lobby to
morrow afternoon from 2 to 4:30
o'clock.
An exhibit of local fauna and flora
will be held in Jordan Hall lobby to
morrow afternoon from 2 to 4:30
o'clock.
An exhibit of local fauna and flora
will be held in Jordan Hall lobby to
morrow afternoon from 2 to 4:30
o'clock.
An exhibit of local fauna and flora
will be held in Jordan Hall lobby to
morrow afternoon from 2 to 4:30
o'clock.
An exhibit of local fauna and flora
will be held in Jordan Hall lobby to
morrow afternoon from 2 to 4:30
o'clock.
An exhibit of local fauna and flora
will be held in Jordan Hall lobby to
morrow afternoon from 2 to 4:30
o'clock.
An exhibit of local fauna and flora
will be held in Jordan Hall lobby to
morrow afternoon from 2 to 4:30
o'clock.
