# Soph Sheller
## 
### 

OUT of the sophomore ranks last
Saturday popped Bill Sheller to
add that needed spark in defeat
ing the Washington Huskies 111 to
7. "S" is for surge and Sheller,
who scored Stanford's second
touchdown and put the Indians
back on Rose Bowl Row.

OUT of the sophomore ranks last
Saturday popped Bill Sheller to
add that needed spark in defeat
ing the Washington Huskies 111 to
7. "S" is for surge and Sheller,
who scored Stanford's second
touchdown and put the Indians
back on Rose Bowl Row.

OUT of the sophomore ranks last
Saturday popped Bill Sheller to
add that needed spark in defeat
ing the Washington Huskies 111 to
7. "S" is for surge and Sheller,
who scored Stanford's second
touchdown and put the Indians
back on Rose Bowl Row.

OUT of the sophomore ranks last
Saturday popped Bill Sheller to
add that needed spark in defeat
ing the Washington Huskies 111 to
7. "S" is for surge and Sheller,
who scored Stanford's second
touchdown and put the Indians
back on Rose Bowl Row.

OUT of the sophomore ranks last
Saturday popped Bill Sheller to
add that needed spark in defeat
ing the Washington Huskies 111 to
7. "S" is for surge and Sheller,
who scored Stanford's second
touchdown and put the Indians
back on Rose Bowl Row.

OUT of the sophomore ranks last
Saturday popped Bill Sheller to
add that needed spark in defeat
ing the Washington Huskies 111 to
7. "S" is for surge and Sheller,
who scored Stanford's second
touchdown and put the Indians
back on Rose Bowl Row.

OUT of the sophomore ranks last
Saturday popped Bill Sheller to
add that needed spark in defeat
ing the Washington Huskies 111 to
7. "S" is for surge and Sheller,
who scored Stanford's second
touchdown and put the Indians
back on Rose Bowl Row.

OUT of the sophomore ranks last
Saturday popped Bill Sheller to
add that needed spark in defeat
ing the Washington Huskies 111 to
7. "S" is for surge and Sheller,
who scored Stanford's second
touchdown and put the Indians
back on Rose Bowl Row.

OUT of the sophomore ranks last
Saturday popped Bill Sheller to
add that needed spark in defeat
ing the Washington Huskies 111 to
7. "S" is for surge and Sheller,
who scored Stanford's second
touchdown and put the Indians
back on Rose Bowl Row.

OUT of the sophomore ranks last
Saturday popped Bill Sheller to
add that needed spark in defeat
ing the Washington Huskies 111 to
7. "S" is for surge and Sheller,
who scored Stanford's second
touchdown and put the Indians
back on Rose Bowl Row.

OUT of the sophomore ranks last
Saturday popped Bill Sheller to
add that needed spark in defeat
ing the Washington Huskies 111 to
7. "S" is for surge and Sheller,
who scored Stanford's second
touchdown and put the Indians
back on Rose Bowl Row.

OUT of the sophomore ranks last
Saturday popped Bill Sheller to
add that needed spark in defeat
ing the Washington Huskies 111 to
7. "S" is for surge and Sheller,
who scored Stanford's second
touchdown and put the Indians
back on Rose Bowl Row.

OUT of the sophomore ranks last
Saturday popped Bill Sheller to
add that needed spark in defeat
ing the Washington Huskies 111 to
7. "S" is for surge and Sheller,
who scored Stanford's second
touchdown and put the Indians
back on Rose Bowl Row.

OUT of the sophomore ranks last
Saturday popped Bill Sheller to
add that needed spark in defeat
ing the Washington Huskies 111 to
7. "S" is for surge and Sheller,
who scored Stanford's second
touchdown and put the Indians
back on Rose Bowl Row.

OUT of the sophomore ranks last
Saturday popped Bill Sheller to
add that needed spark in defeat
ing the Washington Huskies 111 to
7. "S" is for surge and Sheller,
who scored Stanford's second
touchdown and put the Indians
back on Rose Bowl Row.

OUT of the sophomore ranks last
Saturday popped Bill Sheller to
add that needed spark in defeat
ing the Washington Huskies 111 to
7. "S" is for surge and Sheller,
who scored Stanford's second
touchdown and put the Indians
back on Rose Bowl Row.

OUT of the sophomore ranks last
Saturday popped Bill Sheller to
add that needed spark in defeat
ing the Washington Huskies 111 to
7. "S" is for surge and Sheller,
who scored Stanford's second
touchdown and put the Indians
back on Rose Bowl Row.

OUT of the sophomore ranks last
Saturday popped Bill Sheller to
add that needed spark in defeat
ing the Washington Huskies 111 to
7. "S" is for surge and Sheller,
who scored Stanford's second
touchdown and put the Indians
back on Rose Bowl Row.
