# U.S. TO TRY 28 PLOTTERS
## 
### 
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn., Oct. 26
(UP). — Twenty-eight persons ac
cused of developing a pattern for
revolution to overthrow the United
States government will go on trial
tomorrow in U.S. district court.
Indicting the defendants last June,
a federal grand jury charged that
they, as members of the Socialist
Workers Party, sought, to gain con
trol of industry, trade unions and
the Army and Navy.
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn., Oct. 26
(UP). — Twenty-eight persons ac
cused of developing a pattern for
revolution to overthrow the United
States government will go on trial
tomorrow in U.S. district court.
Indicting the defendants last June,
a federal grand jury charged that
they, as members of the Socialist
Workers Party, sought, to gain con
trol of industry, trade unions and
the Army and Navy.
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn., Oct. 26
(UP). — Twenty-eight persons ac
cused of developing a pattern for
revolution to overthrow the United
States government will go on trial
tomorrow in U.S. district court.
Indicting the defendants last June,
a federal grand jury charged that
they, as members of the Socialist
Workers Party, sought, to gain con
trol of industry, trade unions and
the Army and Navy.
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn., Oct. 26
(UP). — Twenty-eight persons ac
cused of developing a pattern for
revolution to overthrow the United
States government will go on trial
tomorrow in U.S. district court.
Indicting the defendants last June,
a federal grand jury charged that
they, as members of the Socialist
Workers Party, sought, to gain con
trol of industry, trade unions and
the Army and Navy.
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn., Oct. 26
(UP). — Twenty-eight persons ac
cused of developing a pattern for
revolution to overthrow the United
States government will go on trial
tomorrow in U.S. district court.
Indicting the defendants last June,
a federal grand jury charged that
they, as members of the Socialist
Workers Party, sought, to gain con
trol of industry, trade unions and
the Army and Navy.
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn., Oct. 26
(UP). — Twenty-eight persons ac
cused of developing a pattern for
revolution to overthrow the United
States government will go on trial
tomorrow in U.S. district court.
Indicting the defendants last June,
a federal grand jury charged that
they, as members of the Socialist
Workers Party, sought, to gain con
trol of industry, trade unions and
the Army and Navy.
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn., Oct. 26
(UP). — Twenty-eight persons ac
cused of developing a pattern for
revolution to overthrow the United
States government will go on trial
tomorrow in U.S. district court.
Indicting the defendants last June,
a federal grand jury charged that
they, as members of the Socialist
Workers Party, sought, to gain con
trol of industry, trade unions and
the Army and Navy.
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn., Oct. 26
(UP). — Twenty-eight persons ac
cused of developing a pattern for
revolution to overthrow the United
States government will go on trial
tomorrow in U.S. district court.
Indicting the defendants last June,
a federal grand jury charged that
they, as members of the Socialist
Workers Party, sought, to gain con
trol of industry, trade unions and
the Army and Navy.
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn., Oct. 26
(UP). — Twenty-eight persons ac
cused of developing a pattern for
revolution to overthrow the United
States government will go on trial
tomorrow in U.S. district court.
Indicting the defendants last June,
a federal grand jury charged that
they, as members of the Socialist
Workers Party, sought, to gain con
trol of industry, trade unions and
the Army and Navy.
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn., Oct. 26
(UP). — Twenty-eight persons ac
cused of developing a pattern for
revolution to overthrow the United
States government will go on trial
tomorrow in U.S. district court.
Indicting the defendants last June,
a federal grand jury charged that
they, as members of the Socialist
Workers Party, sought, to gain con
trol of industry, trade unions and
the Army and Navy.
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn., Oct. 26
(UP). — Twenty-eight persons ac
cused of developing a pattern for
revolution to overthrow the United
States government will go on trial
tomorrow in U.S. district court.
Indicting the defendants last June,
a federal grand jury charged that
they, as members of the Socialist
Workers Party, sought, to gain con
trol of industry, trade unions and
the Army and Navy.
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn., Oct. 26
(UP). — Twenty-eight persons ac
cused of developing a pattern for
revolution to overthrow the United
States government will go on trial
tomorrow in U.S. district court.
Indicting the defendants last June,
a federal grand jury charged that
they, as members of the Socialist
Workers Party, sought, to gain con
trol of industry, trade unions and
the Army and Navy.
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn., Oct. 26
(UP). — Twenty-eight persons ac
cused of developing a pattern for
revolution to overthrow the United
States government will go on trial
tomorrow in U.S. district court.
Indicting the defendants last June,
a federal grand jury charged that
they, as members of the Socialist
Workers Party, sought, to gain con
trol of industry, trade unions and
the Army and Navy.
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn., Oct. 26
(UP). — Twenty-eight persons ac
cused of developing a pattern for
revolution to overthrow the United
States government will go on trial
tomorrow in U.S. district court.
Indicting the defendants last June,
a federal grand jury charged that
they, as members of the Socialist
Workers Party, sought, to gain con
trol of industry, trade unions and
the Army and Navy.
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn., Oct. 26
(UP). — Twenty-eight persons ac
cused of developing a pattern for
revolution to overthrow the United
States government will go on trial
tomorrow in U.S. district court.
Indicting the defendants last June,
a federal grand jury charged that
they, as members of the Socialist
Workers Party, sought, to gain con
trol of industry, trade unions and
the Army and Navy.
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn., Oct. 26
(UP). — Twenty-eight persons ac
cused of developing a pattern for
revolution to overthrow the United
States government will go on trial
tomorrow in U.S. district court.
Indicting the defendants last June,
a federal grand jury charged that
they, as members of the Socialist
Workers Party, sought, to gain con
trol of industry, trade unions and
the Army and Navy.
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn., Oct. 26
(UP). — Twenty-eight persons ac
cused of developing a pattern for
revolution to overthrow the United
States government will go on trial
tomorrow in U.S. district court.
Indicting the defendants last June,
a federal grand jury charged that
they, as members of the Socialist
Workers Party, sought, to gain con
trol of industry, trade unions and
the Army and Navy.
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn., Oct. 26
(UP). — Twenty-eight persons ac
cused of developing a pattern for
revolution to overthrow the United
States government will go on trial
tomorrow in U.S. district court.
Indicting the defendants last June,
a federal grand jury charged that
they, as members of the Socialist
Workers Party, sought, to gain con
trol of industry, trade unions and
the Army and Navy.
