# FISH NETS HIDE COAST DEFENSES
## 
### 

AT (line word censored here), on California coast. six-Inch gun is ..idden during maneuvers by ordi
nary fishnets and strips of burlap. These guns are being used in the current Coastal Defense maneuvers
in California. Similar guns will be used to arm merchantmen! if the Neutrality Act is repealed.

AT (line word censored here), on California coast. six-Inch gun is ..idden during maneuvers by ordi
nary fishnets and strips of burlap. These guns are being used in the current Coastal Defense maneuvers
in California. Similar guns will be used to arm merchantmen! if the Neutrality Act is repealed.

AT (line word censored here), on California coast. six-Inch gun is ..idden during maneuvers by ordi
nary fishnets and strips of burlap. These guns are being used in the current Coastal Defense maneuvers
in California. Similar guns will be used to arm merchantmen! if the Neutrality Act is repealed.

AT (line word censored here), on California coast. six-Inch gun is ..idden during maneuvers by ordi
nary fishnets and strips of burlap. These guns are being used in the current Coastal Defense maneuvers
in California. Similar guns will be used to arm merchantmen! if the Neutrality Act is repealed.

AT (line word censored here), on California coast. six-Inch gun is ..idden during maneuvers by ordi
nary fishnets and strips of burlap. These guns are being used in the current Coastal Defense maneuvers
in California. Similar guns will be used to arm merchantmen! if the Neutrality Act is repealed.

AT (line word censored here), on California coast. six-Inch gun is ..idden during maneuvers by ordi
nary fishnets and strips of burlap. These guns are being used in the current Coastal Defense maneuvers
in California. Similar guns will be used to arm merchantmen! if the Neutrality Act is repealed.

AT (line word censored here), on California coast. six-Inch gun is ..idden during maneuvers by ordi
nary fishnets and strips of burlap. These guns are being used in the current Coastal Defense maneuvers
in California. Similar guns will be used to arm merchantmen! if the Neutrality Act is repealed.

AT (line word censored here), on California coast. six-Inch gun is ..idden during maneuvers by ordi
nary fishnets and strips of burlap. These guns are being used in the current Coastal Defense maneuvers
in California. Similar guns will be used to arm merchantmen! if the Neutrality Act is repealed.

AT (line word censored here), on California coast. six-Inch gun is ..idden during maneuvers by ordi
nary fishnets and strips of burlap. These guns are being used in the current Coastal Defense maneuvers
in California. Similar guns will be used to arm merchantmen! if the Neutrality Act is repealed.

AT (line word censored here), on California coast. six-Inch gun is ..idden during maneuvers by ordi
nary fishnets and strips of burlap. These guns are being used in the current Coastal Defense maneuvers
in California. Similar guns will be used to arm merchantmen! if the Neutrality Act is repealed.

AT (line word censored here), on California coast. six-Inch gun is ..idden during maneuvers by ordi
nary fishnets and strips of burlap. These guns are being used in the current Coastal Defense maneuvers
in California. Similar guns will be used to arm merchantmen! if the Neutrality Act is repealed.

AT (line word censored here), on California coast. six-Inch gun is ..idden during maneuvers by ordi
nary fishnets and strips of burlap. These guns are being used in the current Coastal Defense maneuvers
in California. Similar guns will be used to arm merchantmen! if the Neutrality Act is repealed.

AT (line word censored here), on California coast. six-Inch gun is ..idden during maneuvers by ordi
nary fishnets and strips of burlap. These guns are being used in the current Coastal Defense maneuvers
in California. Similar guns will be used to arm merchantmen! if the Neutrality Act is repealed.

AT (line word censored here), on California coast. six-Inch gun is ..idden during maneuvers by ordi
nary fishnets and strips of burlap. These guns are being used in the current Coastal Defense maneuvers
in California. Similar guns will be used to arm merchantmen! if the Neutrality Act is repealed.

AT (line word censored here), on California coast. six-Inch gun is ..idden during maneuvers by ordi
nary fishnets and strips of burlap. These guns are being used in the current Coastal Defense maneuvers
in California. Similar guns will be used to arm merchantmen! if the Neutrality Act is repealed.

AT (line word censored here), on California coast. six-Inch gun is ..idden during maneuvers by ordi
nary fishnets and strips of burlap. These guns are being used in the current Coastal Defense maneuvers
in California. Similar guns will be used to arm merchantmen! if the Neutrality Act is repealed.

AT (line word censored here), on California coast. six-Inch gun is ..idden during maneuvers by ordi
nary fishnets and strips of burlap. These guns are being used in the current Coastal Defense maneuvers
in California. Similar guns will be used to arm merchantmen! if the Neutrality Act is repealed.

AT (line word censored here), on California coast. six-Inch gun is ..idden during maneuvers by ordi
nary fishnets and strips of burlap. These guns are being used in the current Coastal Defense maneuvers
in California. Similar guns will be used to arm merchantmen! if the Neutrality Act is repealed.
