# Adv. 17 Page 3
## 
### 
never become practical for
large-scale commercial use. but
research continues.
The demand for electricity
continues to grow, partly
because population itself con
tinues to grow. In 1974 alone,
about 10(1000 more people were
added to PG&E's service area.
Energy conservation efforts
must continue, but conservation
efforts alone will not eliminate
our need to build ahead today
for your tomorrow,
It's our job to keep you pro-
never become practical for
large-scale commercial use. but
research continues.
The demand for electricity
continues to grow, partly
because population itself con
tinues to grow. In 1974 alone,
about 10(1000 more people were
added to PG&E's service area.
Energy conservation efforts
must continue, but conservation
efforts alone will not eliminate
our need to build ahead today
for your tomorrow,
It's our job to keep you pro-
never become practical for
large-scale commercial use. but
research continues.
The demand for electricity
continues to grow, partly
because population itself con
tinues to grow. In 1974 alone,
about 10(1000 more people were
added to PG&E's service area.
Energy conservation efforts
must continue, but conservation
efforts alone will not eliminate
our need to build ahead today
for your tomorrow,
It's our job to keep you pro-
never become practical for
large-scale commercial use. but
research continues.
The demand for electricity
continues to grow, partly
because population itself con
tinues to grow. In 1974 alone,
about 10(1000 more people were
added to PG&E's service area.
Energy conservation efforts
must continue, but conservation
efforts alone will not eliminate
our need to build ahead today
for your tomorrow,
It's our job to keep you pro-
never become practical for
large-scale commercial use. but
research continues.
The demand for electricity
continues to grow, partly
because population itself con
tinues to grow. In 1974 alone,
about 10(1000 more people were
added to PG&E's service area.
Energy conservation efforts
must continue, but conservation
efforts alone will not eliminate
our need to build ahead today
for your tomorrow,
It's our job to keep you pro-
never become practical for
large-scale commercial use. but
research continues.
The demand for electricity
continues to grow, partly
because population itself con
tinues to grow. In 1974 alone,
about 10(1000 more people were
added to PG&E's service area.
Energy conservation efforts
must continue, but conservation
efforts alone will not eliminate
our need to build ahead today
for your tomorrow,
It's our job to keep you pro-
never become practical for
large-scale commercial use. but
research continues.
The demand for electricity
continues to grow, partly
because population itself con
tinues to grow. In 1974 alone,
about 10(1000 more people were
added to PG&E's service area.
Energy conservation efforts
must continue, but conservation
efforts alone will not eliminate
our need to build ahead today
for your tomorrow,
It's our job to keep you pro-
never become practical for
large-scale commercial use. but
research continues.
The demand for electricity
continues to grow, partly
because population itself con
tinues to grow. In 1974 alone,
about 10(1000 more people were
added to PG&E's service area.
Energy conservation efforts
must continue, but conservation
efforts alone will not eliminate
our need to build ahead today
for your tomorrow,
It's our job to keep you pro-
never become practical for
large-scale commercial use. but
research continues.
The demand for electricity
continues to grow, partly
because population itself con
tinues to grow. In 1974 alone,
about 10(1000 more people were
added to PG&E's service area.
Energy conservation efforts
must continue, but conservation
efforts alone will not eliminate
our need to build ahead today
for your tomorrow,
It's our job to keep you pro-
never become practical for
large-scale commercial use. but
research continues.
The demand for electricity
continues to grow, partly
because population itself con
tinues to grow. In 1974 alone,
about 10(1000 more people were
added to PG&E's service area.
Energy conservation efforts
must continue, but conservation
efforts alone will not eliminate
our need to build ahead today
for your tomorrow,
It's our job to keep you pro-
never become practical for
large-scale commercial use. but
research continues.
The demand for electricity
continues to grow, partly
because population itself con
tinues to grow. In 1974 alone,
about 10(1000 more people were
added to PG&E's service area.
Energy conservation efforts
must continue, but conservation
efforts alone will not eliminate
our need to build ahead today
for your tomorrow,
It's our job to keep you pro-
never become practical for
large-scale commercial use. but
research continues.
The demand for electricity
continues to grow, partly
because population itself con
tinues to grow. In 1974 alone,
about 10(1000 more people were
added to PG&E's service area.
Energy conservation efforts
must continue, but conservation
efforts alone will not eliminate
our need to build ahead today
for your tomorrow,
It's our job to keep you pro-
never become practical for
large-scale commercial use. but
research continues.
The demand for electricity
continues to grow, partly
because population itself con
tinues to grow. In 1974 alone,
about 10(1000 more people were
added to PG&E's service area.
Energy conservation efforts
must continue, but conservation
efforts alone will not eliminate
our need to build ahead today
for your tomorrow,
It's our job to keep you pro-
never become practical for
large-scale commercial use. but
research continues.
The demand for electricity
continues to grow, partly
because population itself con
tinues to grow. In 1974 alone,
about 10(1000 more people were
added to PG&E's service area.
Energy conservation efforts
must continue, but conservation
efforts alone will not eliminate
our need to build ahead today
for your tomorrow,
It's our job to keep you pro-
never become practical for
large-scale commercial use. but
research continues.
The demand for electricity
continues to grow, partly
because population itself con
tinues to grow. In 1974 alone,
about 10(1000 more people were
added to PG&E's service area.
Energy conservation efforts
must continue, but conservation
efforts alone will not eliminate
our need to build ahead today
for your tomorrow,
It's our job to keep you pro-
