# Untitled Article
## 
### 

COACH EVERETT DEAN to put
basketball workouts into high
gear soon.

COACH EVERETT DEAN to put
basketball workouts into high
gear soon.

COACH EVERETT DEAN to put
basketball workouts into high
gear soon.

COACH EVERETT DEAN to put
basketball workouts into high
gear soon.

COACH EVERETT DEAN to put
basketball workouts into high
gear soon.

COACH EVERETT DEAN to put
basketball workouts into high
gear soon.

COACH EVERETT DEAN to put
basketball workouts into high
gear soon.

COACH EVERETT DEAN to put
basketball workouts into high
gear soon.

COACH EVERETT DEAN to put
basketball workouts into high
gear soon.

COACH EVERETT DEAN to put
basketball workouts into high
gear soon.

COACH EVERETT DEAN to put
basketball workouts into high
gear soon.

COACH EVERETT DEAN to put
basketball workouts into high
gear soon.

COACH EVERETT DEAN to put
basketball workouts into high
gear soon.

COACH EVERETT DEAN to put
basketball workouts into high
gear soon.

COACH EVERETT DEAN to put
basketball workouts into high
gear soon.

COACH EVERETT DEAN to put
basketball workouts into high
gear soon.
