# Ex-Pro At NTS
## 
### 
SAN DIEGO, Oct. 10.—(UP).—
The Naval Training Center eleven
today worked out for their game
with USC Saturday, under the guid
ance of Lt. (j.g.) James Whatley,
who has been named assistant to
Coach J. N. (Skip) Stahley. Whatley
starred as tackle for Alabama in
1933-35, and later was an outstand
ing lineman for the Brooklyn
Dodgers.
SAN DIEGO, Oct. 10.—(UP).—
The Naval Training Center eleven
today worked out for their game
with USC Saturday, under the guid
ance of Lt. (j.g.) James Whatley,
who has been named assistant to
Coach J. N. (Skip) Stahley. Whatley
starred as tackle for Alabama in
1933-35, and later was an outstand
ing lineman for the Brooklyn
Dodgers.
SAN DIEGO, Oct. 10.—(UP).—
The Naval Training Center eleven
today worked out for their game
with USC Saturday, under the guid
ance of Lt. (j.g.) James Whatley,
who has been named assistant to
Coach J. N. (Skip) Stahley. Whatley
starred as tackle for Alabama in
1933-35, and later was an outstand
ing lineman for the Brooklyn
Dodgers.
SAN DIEGO, Oct. 10.—(UP).—
The Naval Training Center eleven
today worked out for their game
with USC Saturday, under the guid
ance of Lt. (j.g.) James Whatley,
who has been named assistant to
Coach J. N. (Skip) Stahley. Whatley
starred as tackle for Alabama in
1933-35, and later was an outstand
ing lineman for the Brooklyn
Dodgers.
SAN DIEGO, Oct. 10.—(UP).—
The Naval Training Center eleven
today worked out for their game
with USC Saturday, under the guid
ance of Lt. (j.g.) James Whatley,
who has been named assistant to
Coach J. N. (Skip) Stahley. Whatley
starred as tackle for Alabama in
1933-35, and later was an outstand
ing lineman for the Brooklyn
Dodgers.
SAN DIEGO, Oct. 10.—(UP).—
The Naval Training Center eleven
today worked out for their game
with USC Saturday, under the guid
ance of Lt. (j.g.) James Whatley,
who has been named assistant to
Coach J. N. (Skip) Stahley. Whatley
starred as tackle for Alabama in
1933-35, and later was an outstand
ing lineman for the Brooklyn
Dodgers.
SAN DIEGO, Oct. 10.—(UP).—
The Naval Training Center eleven
today worked out for their game
with USC Saturday, under the guid
ance of Lt. (j.g.) James Whatley,
who has been named assistant to
Coach J. N. (Skip) Stahley. Whatley
starred as tackle for Alabama in
1933-35, and later was an outstand
ing lineman for the Brooklyn
Dodgers.
SAN DIEGO, Oct. 10.—(UP).—
The Naval Training Center eleven
today worked out for their game
with USC Saturday, under the guid
ance of Lt. (j.g.) James Whatley,
who has been named assistant to
Coach J. N. (Skip) Stahley. Whatley
starred as tackle for Alabama in
1933-35, and later was an outstand
ing lineman for the Brooklyn
Dodgers.
SAN DIEGO, Oct. 10.—(UP).—
The Naval Training Center eleven
today worked out for their game
with USC Saturday, under the guid
ance of Lt. (j.g.) James Whatley,
who has been named assistant to
Coach J. N. (Skip) Stahley. Whatley
starred as tackle for Alabama in
1933-35, and later was an outstand
ing lineman for the Brooklyn
Dodgers.
SAN DIEGO, Oct. 10.—(UP).—
The Naval Training Center eleven
today worked out for their game
with USC Saturday, under the guid
ance of Lt. (j.g.) James Whatley,
who has been named assistant to
Coach J. N. (Skip) Stahley. Whatley
starred as tackle for Alabama in
1933-35, and later was an outstand
ing lineman for the Brooklyn
Dodgers.
SAN DIEGO, Oct. 10.—(UP).—
The Naval Training Center eleven
today worked out for their game
with USC Saturday, under the guid
ance of Lt. (j.g.) James Whatley,
who has been named assistant to
Coach J. N. (Skip) Stahley. Whatley
starred as tackle for Alabama in
1933-35, and later was an outstand
ing lineman for the Brooklyn
Dodgers.
SAN DIEGO, Oct. 10.—(UP).—
The Naval Training Center eleven
today worked out for their game
with USC Saturday, under the guid
ance of Lt. (j.g.) James Whatley,
who has been named assistant to
Coach J. N. (Skip) Stahley. Whatley
starred as tackle for Alabama in
1933-35, and later was an outstand
ing lineman for the Brooklyn
Dodgers.
SAN DIEGO, Oct. 10.—(UP).—
The Naval Training Center eleven
today worked out for their game
with USC Saturday, under the guid
ance of Lt. (j.g.) James Whatley,
who has been named assistant to
Coach J. N. (Skip) Stahley. Whatley
starred as tackle for Alabama in
1933-35, and later was an outstand
ing lineman for the Brooklyn
Dodgers.
SAN DIEGO, Oct. 10.—(UP).—
The Naval Training Center eleven
today worked out for their game
with USC Saturday, under the guid
ance of Lt. (j.g.) James Whatley,
who has been named assistant to
Coach J. N. (Skip) Stahley. Whatley
starred as tackle for Alabama in
1933-35, and later was an outstand
ing lineman for the Brooklyn
Dodgers.
SAN DIEGO, Oct. 10.—(UP).—
The Naval Training Center eleven
today worked out for their game
with USC Saturday, under the guid
ance of Lt. (j.g.) James Whatley,
who has been named assistant to
Coach J. N. (Skip) Stahley. Whatley
starred as tackle for Alabama in
1933-35, and later was an outstand
ing lineman for the Brooklyn
Dodgers.
SAN DIEGO, Oct. 10.—(UP).—
The Naval Training Center eleven
today worked out for their game
with USC Saturday, under the guid
ance of Lt. (j.g.) James Whatley,
who has been named assistant to
Coach J. N. (Skip) Stahley. Whatley
starred as tackle for Alabama in
1933-35, and later was an outstand
ing lineman for the Brooklyn
Dodgers.
