# Recital to Feature Hallelujah Chorus
## 
### 
Warren D. Allen, University Or
ganist will present an organ recital
today at 4:15 p.m. in Memorial
Church. Highlighting his program,
Dr. Allen will play "Hallelujah
Chorus" from The Mount of Olives,
and "Andtante" from the Fifth Sym
phony by Beethoven.
Warren D. Allen, University Or
ganist will present an organ recital
today at 4:15 p.m. in Memorial
Church. Highlighting his program,
Dr. Allen will play "Hallelujah
Chorus" from The Mount of Olives,
and "Andtante" from the Fifth Sym
phony by Beethoven.
Warren D. Allen, University Or
ganist will present an organ recital
today at 4:15 p.m. in Memorial
Church. Highlighting his program,
Dr. Allen will play "Hallelujah
Chorus" from The Mount of Olives,
and "Andtante" from the Fifth Sym
phony by Beethoven.
Warren D. Allen, University Or
ganist will present an organ recital
today at 4:15 p.m. in Memorial
Church. Highlighting his program,
Dr. Allen will play "Hallelujah
Chorus" from The Mount of Olives,
and "Andtante" from the Fifth Sym
phony by Beethoven.
Warren D. Allen, University Or
ganist will present an organ recital
today at 4:15 p.m. in Memorial
Church. Highlighting his program,
Dr. Allen will play "Hallelujah
Chorus" from The Mount of Olives,
and "Andtante" from the Fifth Sym
phony by Beethoven.
Warren D. Allen, University Or
ganist will present an organ recital
today at 4:15 p.m. in Memorial
Church. Highlighting his program,
Dr. Allen will play "Hallelujah
Chorus" from The Mount of Olives,
and "Andtante" from the Fifth Sym
phony by Beethoven.
Warren D. Allen, University Or
ganist will present an organ recital
today at 4:15 p.m. in Memorial
Church. Highlighting his program,
Dr. Allen will play "Hallelujah
Chorus" from The Mount of Olives,
and "Andtante" from the Fifth Sym
phony by Beethoven.
Warren D. Allen, University Or
ganist will present an organ recital
today at 4:15 p.m. in Memorial
Church. Highlighting his program,
Dr. Allen will play "Hallelujah
Chorus" from The Mount of Olives,
and "Andtante" from the Fifth Sym
phony by Beethoven.
Warren D. Allen, University Or
ganist will present an organ recital
today at 4:15 p.m. in Memorial
Church. Highlighting his program,
Dr. Allen will play "Hallelujah
Chorus" from The Mount of Olives,
and "Andtante" from the Fifth Sym
phony by Beethoven.
Warren D. Allen, University Or
ganist will present an organ recital
today at 4:15 p.m. in Memorial
Church. Highlighting his program,
Dr. Allen will play "Hallelujah
Chorus" from The Mount of Olives,
and "Andtante" from the Fifth Sym
phony by Beethoven.
Warren D. Allen, University Or
ganist will present an organ recital
today at 4:15 p.m. in Memorial
Church. Highlighting his program,
Dr. Allen will play "Hallelujah
Chorus" from The Mount of Olives,
and "Andtante" from the Fifth Sym
phony by Beethoven.
Warren D. Allen, University Or
ganist will present an organ recital
today at 4:15 p.m. in Memorial
Church. Highlighting his program,
Dr. Allen will play "Hallelujah
Chorus" from The Mount of Olives,
and "Andtante" from the Fifth Sym
phony by Beethoven.
Warren D. Allen, University Or
ganist will present an organ recital
today at 4:15 p.m. in Memorial
Church. Highlighting his program,
Dr. Allen will play "Hallelujah
Chorus" from The Mount of Olives,
and "Andtante" from the Fifth Sym
phony by Beethoven.
Warren D. Allen, University Or
ganist will present an organ recital
today at 4:15 p.m. in Memorial
Church. Highlighting his program,
Dr. Allen will play "Hallelujah
Chorus" from The Mount of Olives,
and "Andtante" from the Fifth Sym
phony by Beethoven.
Warren D. Allen, University Or
ganist will present an organ recital
today at 4:15 p.m. in Memorial
Church. Highlighting his program,
Dr. Allen will play "Hallelujah
Chorus" from The Mount of Olives,
and "Andtante" from the Fifth Sym
phony by Beethoven.
Warren D. Allen, University Or
ganist will present an organ recital
today at 4:15 p.m. in Memorial
Church. Highlighting his program,
Dr. Allen will play "Hallelujah
Chorus" from The Mount of Olives,
and "Andtante" from the Fifth Sym
phony by Beethoven.
