# Russell Invites Navy For Dance Tomorrow
## 
### 
l"ift> Navy men from the Stan
ford Unit will be guests at a
dance to be given by the Russell
House tomorrow from S:!!0 to 12.
Margaret Mcadowcroft, social
chairman of Kusscll House, an
nounces that there will be danc
ing to records and varied enter
tainment.
l"ift> Navy men from the Stan
ford Unit will be guests at a
dance to be given by the Russell
House tomorrow from S:!!0 to 12.
Margaret Mcadowcroft, social
chairman of Kusscll House, an
nounces that there will be danc
ing to records and varied enter
tainment.
l"ift> Navy men from the Stan
ford Unit will be guests at a
dance to be given by the Russell
House tomorrow from S:!!0 to 12.
Margaret Mcadowcroft, social
chairman of Kusscll House, an
nounces that there will be danc
ing to records and varied enter
tainment.
l"ift> Navy men from the Stan
ford Unit will be guests at a
dance to be given by the Russell
House tomorrow from S:!!0 to 12.
Margaret Mcadowcroft, social
chairman of Kusscll House, an
nounces that there will be danc
ing to records and varied enter
tainment.
l"ift> Navy men from the Stan
ford Unit will be guests at a
dance to be given by the Russell
House tomorrow from S:!!0 to 12.
Margaret Mcadowcroft, social
chairman of Kusscll House, an
nounces that there will be danc
ing to records and varied enter
tainment.
l"ift> Navy men from the Stan
ford Unit will be guests at a
dance to be given by the Russell
House tomorrow from S:!!0 to 12.
Margaret Mcadowcroft, social
chairman of Kusscll House, an
nounces that there will be danc
ing to records and varied enter
tainment.
l"ift> Navy men from the Stan
ford Unit will be guests at a
dance to be given by the Russell
House tomorrow from S:!!0 to 12.
Margaret Mcadowcroft, social
chairman of Kusscll House, an
nounces that there will be danc
ing to records and varied enter
tainment.
l"ift> Navy men from the Stan
ford Unit will be guests at a
dance to be given by the Russell
House tomorrow from S:!!0 to 12.
Margaret Mcadowcroft, social
chairman of Kusscll House, an
nounces that there will be danc
ing to records and varied enter
tainment.
l"ift> Navy men from the Stan
ford Unit will be guests at a
dance to be given by the Russell
House tomorrow from S:!!0 to 12.
Margaret Mcadowcroft, social
chairman of Kusscll House, an
nounces that there will be danc
ing to records and varied enter
tainment.
l"ift> Navy men from the Stan
ford Unit will be guests at a
dance to be given by the Russell
House tomorrow from S:!!0 to 12.
Margaret Mcadowcroft, social
chairman of Kusscll House, an
nounces that there will be danc
ing to records and varied enter
tainment.
l"ift> Navy men from the Stan
ford Unit will be guests at a
dance to be given by the Russell
House tomorrow from S:!!0 to 12.
Margaret Mcadowcroft, social
chairman of Kusscll House, an
nounces that there will be danc
ing to records and varied enter
tainment.
l"ift> Navy men from the Stan
ford Unit will be guests at a
dance to be given by the Russell
House tomorrow from S:!!0 to 12.
Margaret Mcadowcroft, social
chairman of Kusscll House, an
nounces that there will be danc
ing to records and varied enter
tainment.
l"ift> Navy men from the Stan
ford Unit will be guests at a
dance to be given by the Russell
House tomorrow from S:!!0 to 12.
Margaret Mcadowcroft, social
chairman of Kusscll House, an
nounces that there will be danc
ing to records and varied enter
tainment.
l"ift> Navy men from the Stan
ford Unit will be guests at a
dance to be given by the Russell
House tomorrow from S:!!0 to 12.
Margaret Mcadowcroft, social
chairman of Kusscll House, an
nounces that there will be danc
ing to records and varied enter
tainment.
l"ift> Navy men from the Stan
ford Unit will be guests at a
dance to be given by the Russell
House tomorrow from S:!!0 to 12.
Margaret Mcadowcroft, social
chairman of Kusscll House, an
nounces that there will be danc
ing to records and varied enter
tainment.
l"ift> Navy men from the Stan
ford Unit will be guests at a
dance to be given by the Russell
House tomorrow from S:!!0 to 12.
Margaret Mcadowcroft, social
chairman of Kusscll House, an
nounces that there will be danc
ing to records and varied enter
tainment.
