# Untitled Article
## 
### 

TOUGH BABY—Mustangs
of Southern Methodist are
headed by two former Ma
rines, who promise to be
plenty tough this season.
Here is one of them. He is
Tom Dean, tackle. He played
for SMU before he went into
the service.

TOUGH BABY—Mustangs
of Southern Methodist are
headed by two former Ma
rines, who promise to be
plenty tough this season.
Here is one of them. He is
Tom Dean, tackle. He played
for SMU before he went into
the service.

TOUGH BABY—Mustangs
of Southern Methodist are
headed by two former Ma
rines, who promise to be
plenty tough this season.
Here is one of them. He is
Tom Dean, tackle. He played
for SMU before he went into
the service.

TOUGH BABY—Mustangs
of Southern Methodist are
headed by two former Ma
rines, who promise to be
plenty tough this season.
Here is one of them. He is
Tom Dean, tackle. He played
for SMU before he went into
the service.

TOUGH BABY—Mustangs
of Southern Methodist are
headed by two former Ma
rines, who promise to be
plenty tough this season.
Here is one of them. He is
Tom Dean, tackle. He played
for SMU before he went into
the service.

TOUGH BABY—Mustangs
of Southern Methodist are
headed by two former Ma
rines, who promise to be
plenty tough this season.
Here is one of them. He is
Tom Dean, tackle. He played
for SMU before he went into
the service.

TOUGH BABY—Mustangs
of Southern Methodist are
headed by two former Ma
rines, who promise to be
plenty tough this season.
Here is one of them. He is
Tom Dean, tackle. He played
for SMU before he went into
the service.

TOUGH BABY—Mustangs
of Southern Methodist are
headed by two former Ma
rines, who promise to be
plenty tough this season.
Here is one of them. He is
Tom Dean, tackle. He played
for SMU before he went into
the service.

TOUGH BABY—Mustangs
of Southern Methodist are
headed by two former Ma
rines, who promise to be
plenty tough this season.
Here is one of them. He is
Tom Dean, tackle. He played
for SMU before he went into
the service.

TOUGH BABY—Mustangs
of Southern Methodist are
headed by two former Ma
rines, who promise to be
plenty tough this season.
Here is one of them. He is
Tom Dean, tackle. He played
for SMU before he went into
the service.

TOUGH BABY—Mustangs
of Southern Methodist are
headed by two former Ma
rines, who promise to be
plenty tough this season.
Here is one of them. He is
Tom Dean, tackle. He played
for SMU before he went into
the service.

TOUGH BABY—Mustangs
of Southern Methodist are
headed by two former Ma
rines, who promise to be
plenty tough this season.
Here is one of them. He is
Tom Dean, tackle. He played
for SMU before he went into
the service.

TOUGH BABY—Mustangs
of Southern Methodist are
headed by two former Ma
rines, who promise to be
plenty tough this season.
Here is one of them. He is
Tom Dean, tackle. He played
for SMU before he went into
the service.

TOUGH BABY—Mustangs
of Southern Methodist are
headed by two former Ma
rines, who promise to be
plenty tough this season.
Here is one of them. He is
Tom Dean, tackle. He played
for SMU before he went into
the service.

TOUGH BABY—Mustangs
of Southern Methodist are
headed by two former Ma
rines, who promise to be
plenty tough this season.
Here is one of them. He is
Tom Dean, tackle. He played
for SMU before he went into
the service.

TOUGH BABY—Mustangs
of Southern Methodist are
headed by two former Ma
rines, who promise to be
plenty tough this season.
Here is one of them. He is
Tom Dean, tackle. He played
for SMU before he went into
the service.
