# Untitled Article
## 
### 

Associated Press
A mother weeps
A young Sinhalese mother cries at the inauguration of a new
organization of women, the Mothers' Front, yesterday in
Colombo, Sri Lanka. The group plans to call attention to the
more than 50,000 people it claims have disappeared In the
country during the past two years.

Associated Press
A mother weeps
A young Sinhalese mother cries at the inauguration of a new
organization of women, the Mothers' Front, yesterday in
Colombo, Sri Lanka. The group plans to call attention to the
more than 50,000 people it claims have disappeared In the
country during the past two years.

Associated Press
A mother weeps
A young Sinhalese mother cries at the inauguration of a new
organization of women, the Mothers' Front, yesterday in
Colombo, Sri Lanka. The group plans to call attention to the
more than 50,000 people it claims have disappeared In the
country during the past two years.

Associated Press
A mother weeps
A young Sinhalese mother cries at the inauguration of a new
organization of women, the Mothers' Front, yesterday in
Colombo, Sri Lanka. The group plans to call attention to the
more than 50,000 people it claims have disappeared In the
country during the past two years.

Associated Press
A mother weeps
A young Sinhalese mother cries at the inauguration of a new
organization of women, the Mothers' Front, yesterday in
Colombo, Sri Lanka. The group plans to call attention to the
more than 50,000 people it claims have disappeared In the
country during the past two years.

Associated Press
A mother weeps
A young Sinhalese mother cries at the inauguration of a new
organization of women, the Mothers' Front, yesterday in
Colombo, Sri Lanka. The group plans to call attention to the
more than 50,000 people it claims have disappeared In the
country during the past two years.

Associated Press
A mother weeps
A young Sinhalese mother cries at the inauguration of a new
organization of women, the Mothers' Front, yesterday in
Colombo, Sri Lanka. The group plans to call attention to the
more than 50,000 people it claims have disappeared In the
country during the past two years.
