# INSIDE
## 
### 
Loss
Cardinal suffers unexpected
defeat on the baseball
diamond.
See Sports, page 8

Absence
New type of computer test
for breast cancer does not
require surgery.
See Science, page 6

Lack
Affected by drought, wild
animals in search of water
come looking in Palo Alto.
See Science, page 7

Loss
Cardinal suffers unexpected
defeat on the baseball
diamond.
See Sports, page 8

Absence
New type of computer test
for breast cancer does not
require surgery.
See Science, page 6

Lack
Affected by drought, wild
animals in search of water
come looking in Palo Alto.
See Science, page 7

Loss
Cardinal suffers unexpected
defeat on the baseball
diamond.
See Sports, page 8

Absence
New type of computer test
for breast cancer does not
require surgery.
See Science, page 6

Lack
Affected by drought, wild
animals in search of water
come looking in Palo Alto.
See Science, page 7

Loss
Cardinal suffers unexpected
defeat on the baseball
diamond.
See Sports, page 8

Absence
New type of computer test
for breast cancer does not
require surgery.
See Science, page 6

Lack
Affected by drought, wild
animals in search of water
come looking in Palo Alto.
See Science, page 7

Loss
Cardinal suffers unexpected
defeat on the baseball
diamond.
See Sports, page 8

Absence
New type of computer test
for breast cancer does not
require surgery.
See Science, page 6

Lack
Affected by drought, wild
animals in search of water
come looking in Palo Alto.
See Science, page 7

Loss
Cardinal suffers unexpected
defeat on the baseball
diamond.
See Sports, page 8

Absence
New type of computer test
for breast cancer does not
require surgery.
See Science, page 6

Lack
Affected by drought, wild
animals in search of water
come looking in Palo Alto.
See Science, page 7

Loss
Cardinal suffers unexpected
defeat on the baseball
diamond.
See Sports, page 8

Absence
New type of computer test
for breast cancer does not
require surgery.
See Science, page 6

Lack
Affected by drought, wild
animals in search of water
come looking in Palo Alto.
See Science, page 7

