# Special Rate Day Extended.
## 
### 
By special arrangement it has been
made possible for tickets to Monterey,
Pacific Grove and Santa Cruz to be
purchased at the reduced rate of three
dollars for the round trip as late as
April i, good for return until April
12. As advertised, March 31 was the
latest date at which this rate would
be obtainable, but the date has been
extended one day.
By special arrangement it has been
made possible for tickets to Monterey,
Pacific Grove and Santa Cruz to be
purchased at the reduced rate of three
dollars for the round trip as late as
April i, good for return until April
12. As advertised, March 31 was the
latest date at which this rate would
be obtainable, but the date has been
extended one day.
By special arrangement it has been
made possible for tickets to Monterey,
Pacific Grove and Santa Cruz to be
purchased at the reduced rate of three
dollars for the round trip as late as
April i, good for return until April
12. As advertised, March 31 was the
latest date at which this rate would
be obtainable, but the date has been
extended one day.
By special arrangement it has been
made possible for tickets to Monterey,
Pacific Grove and Santa Cruz to be
purchased at the reduced rate of three
dollars for the round trip as late as
April i, good for return until April
12. As advertised, March 31 was the
latest date at which this rate would
be obtainable, but the date has been
extended one day.
By special arrangement it has been
made possible for tickets to Monterey,
Pacific Grove and Santa Cruz to be
purchased at the reduced rate of three
dollars for the round trip as late as
April i, good for return until April
12. As advertised, March 31 was the
latest date at which this rate would
be obtainable, but the date has been
extended one day.
By special arrangement it has been
made possible for tickets to Monterey,
Pacific Grove and Santa Cruz to be
purchased at the reduced rate of three
dollars for the round trip as late as
April i, good for return until April
12. As advertised, March 31 was the
latest date at which this rate would
be obtainable, but the date has been
extended one day.
By special arrangement it has been
made possible for tickets to Monterey,
Pacific Grove and Santa Cruz to be
purchased at the reduced rate of three
dollars for the round trip as late as
April i, good for return until April
12. As advertised, March 31 was the
latest date at which this rate would
be obtainable, but the date has been
extended one day.
By special arrangement it has been
made possible for tickets to Monterey,
Pacific Grove and Santa Cruz to be
purchased at the reduced rate of three
dollars for the round trip as late as
April i, good for return until April
12. As advertised, March 31 was the
latest date at which this rate would
be obtainable, but the date has been
extended one day.
By special arrangement it has been
made possible for tickets to Monterey,
Pacific Grove and Santa Cruz to be
purchased at the reduced rate of three
dollars for the round trip as late as
April i, good for return until April
12. As advertised, March 31 was the
latest date at which this rate would
be obtainable, but the date has been
extended one day.
