# Adv. 19 Page 3
## 
### 
the very best in barbcring
at low prices
448 University Ave., P A.
VARSITY BARBERSHOP
the very best in barbcring
at low prices
448 University Ave., P A.
VARSITY BARBERSHOP
the very best in barbcring
at low prices
448 University Ave., P A.
VARSITY BARBERSHOP
the very best in barbcring
at low prices
448 University Ave., P A.
VARSITY BARBERSHOP
the very best in barbcring
at low prices
448 University Ave., P A.
VARSITY BARBERSHOP
the very best in barbcring
at low prices
448 University Ave., P A.
VARSITY BARBERSHOP
the very best in barbcring
at low prices
448 University Ave., P A.
VARSITY BARBERSHOP
the very best in barbcring
at low prices
448 University Ave., P A.
VARSITY BARBERSHOP
the very best in barbcring
at low prices
448 University Ave., P A.
VARSITY BARBERSHOP
the very best in barbcring
at low prices
448 University Ave., P A.
VARSITY BARBERSHOP
the very best in barbcring
at low prices
448 University Ave., P A.
VARSITY BARBERSHOP
the very best in barbcring
at low prices
448 University Ave., P A.
VARSITY BARBERSHOP
the very best in barbcring
at low prices
448 University Ave., P A.
VARSITY BARBERSHOP
the very best in barbcring
at low prices
448 University Ave., P A.
VARSITY BARBERSHOP
the very best in barbcring
at low prices
448 University Ave., P A.
VARSITY BARBERSHOP
