# Untitled Article
## 
### 

Daro Quiring, soph hurler for the Indians, is shown putting
down one of the six straight Southern Cal batters he retired
before pinch-hitter Bill Boles drove in Stanford's winning run
in the ninth inning. The victory preceded a sweep of Santa Bar
bara on Saturday giving Stanford a firm hold on their CIBA
lead and preserving their top rank nationally. Article on page 3.

Daro Quiring, soph hurler for the Indians, is shown putting
down one of the six straight Southern Cal batters he retired
before pinch-hitter Bill Boles drove in Stanford's winning run
in the ninth inning. The victory preceded a sweep of Santa Bar
bara on Saturday giving Stanford a firm hold on their CIBA
lead and preserving their top rank nationally. Article on page 3.

Daro Quiring, soph hurler for the Indians, is shown putting
down one of the six straight Southern Cal batters he retired
before pinch-hitter Bill Boles drove in Stanford's winning run
in the ninth inning. The victory preceded a sweep of Santa Bar
bara on Saturday giving Stanford a firm hold on their CIBA
lead and preserving their top rank nationally. Article on page 3.

Daro Quiring, soph hurler for the Indians, is shown putting
down one of the six straight Southern Cal batters he retired
before pinch-hitter Bill Boles drove in Stanford's winning run
in the ninth inning. The victory preceded a sweep of Santa Bar
bara on Saturday giving Stanford a firm hold on their CIBA
lead and preserving their top rank nationally. Article on page 3.

Daro Quiring, soph hurler for the Indians, is shown putting
down one of the six straight Southern Cal batters he retired
before pinch-hitter Bill Boles drove in Stanford's winning run
in the ninth inning. The victory preceded a sweep of Santa Bar
bara on Saturday giving Stanford a firm hold on their CIBA
lead and preserving their top rank nationally. Article on page 3.

Daro Quiring, soph hurler for the Indians, is shown putting
down one of the six straight Southern Cal batters he retired
before pinch-hitter Bill Boles drove in Stanford's winning run
in the ninth inning. The victory preceded a sweep of Santa Bar
bara on Saturday giving Stanford a firm hold on their CIBA
lead and preserving their top rank nationally. Article on page 3.

Daro Quiring, soph hurler for the Indians, is shown putting
down one of the six straight Southern Cal batters he retired
before pinch-hitter Bill Boles drove in Stanford's winning run
in the ninth inning. The victory preceded a sweep of Santa Bar
bara on Saturday giving Stanford a firm hold on their CIBA
lead and preserving their top rank nationally. Article on page 3.

Daro Quiring, soph hurler for the Indians, is shown putting
down one of the six straight Southern Cal batters he retired
before pinch-hitter Bill Boles drove in Stanford's winning run
in the ninth inning. The victory preceded a sweep of Santa Bar
bara on Saturday giving Stanford a firm hold on their CIBA
lead and preserving their top rank nationally. Article on page 3.

Daro Quiring, soph hurler for the Indians, is shown putting
down one of the six straight Southern Cal batters he retired
before pinch-hitter Bill Boles drove in Stanford's winning run
in the ninth inning. The victory preceded a sweep of Santa Bar
bara on Saturday giving Stanford a firm hold on their CIBA
lead and preserving their top rank nationally. Article on page 3.

Daro Quiring, soph hurler for the Indians, is shown putting
down one of the six straight Southern Cal batters he retired
before pinch-hitter Bill Boles drove in Stanford's winning run
in the ninth inning. The victory preceded a sweep of Santa Bar
bara on Saturday giving Stanford a firm hold on their CIBA
lead and preserving their top rank nationally. Article on page 3.

Daro Quiring, soph hurler for the Indians, is shown putting
down one of the six straight Southern Cal batters he retired
before pinch-hitter Bill Boles drove in Stanford's winning run
in the ninth inning. The victory preceded a sweep of Santa Bar
bara on Saturday giving Stanford a firm hold on their CIBA
lead and preserving their top rank nationally. Article on page 3.

Daro Quiring, soph hurler for the Indians, is shown putting
down one of the six straight Southern Cal batters he retired
before pinch-hitter Bill Boles drove in Stanford's winning run
in the ninth inning. The victory preceded a sweep of Santa Bar
bara on Saturday giving Stanford a firm hold on their CIBA
lead and preserving their top rank nationally. Article on page 3.

Daro Quiring, soph hurler for the Indians, is shown putting
down one of the six straight Southern Cal batters he retired
before pinch-hitter Bill Boles drove in Stanford's winning run
in the ninth inning. The victory preceded a sweep of Santa Bar
bara on Saturday giving Stanford a firm hold on their CIBA
lead and preserving their top rank nationally. Article on page 3.

Daro Quiring, soph hurler for the Indians, is shown putting
down one of the six straight Southern Cal batters he retired
before pinch-hitter Bill Boles drove in Stanford's winning run
in the ninth inning. The victory preceded a sweep of Santa Bar
bara on Saturday giving Stanford a firm hold on their CIBA
lead and preserving their top rank nationally. Article on page 3.

Daro Quiring, soph hurler for the Indians, is shown putting
down one of the six straight Southern Cal batters he retired
before pinch-hitter Bill Boles drove in Stanford's winning run
in the ninth inning. The victory preceded a sweep of Santa Bar
bara on Saturday giving Stanford a firm hold on their CIBA
lead and preserving their top rank nationally. Article on page 3.
