# STUDENTS FROM PACIFIC NATIONS CONFER ON RACE
## 
### 
That one of the students organiza
tions which help in the adjustment of
Pacific problems is the Stanford So
cial Relations Committee was one of
the conclusions reached by the fourth
annual conference of the Student In
stitute of Pacific Relations Saturday
night during their plenary session on
"Students as a Factor in Pacific Re
lations." The Institute has just con
cluded a four-day meet at Lokoya
Lodge near Napa in Napa County.
"Race Relations on the Pacific
Coast" was discussed under the lead
ership of George Johnson of the Uni
versity of California, who was chair
man of the Institute. Kaxuo Kawai,
graduate student at Stanford, led in
the discussion of "Investments and
Business as Related to Pacific Prob
lems" and Harry Kingman of U.C. led
"Manchuria Today."
About 50 delegates attended the
conference, the University of Cali
fornia, with 23 representatives, hav
ing the largest delegation. Stanford
had 17 delegates. These delegations
included representatives of the Brit
ish Empire, China, Japan, Korea,
Philippine Islands, Russia, and the
United States.
Commenting on the work of the
conference one of Stanford's dele
gates to the Institute declared that
the spirit in which the discussions
was carried on was remarkable.
"Representatives of nations which are
vitally and antagonistically concerned
discussed problems with the greatest
courtesy and understanding, which
was truly indicative of the feeling
which the 'Student Institute' is spon
soring among the pan-Pacific nations."
Plans were made for a short con
ference to be held next spring which
will consider world problems, includ
ing the League of Nations, instead of
purely Pacific relations.
