# Campus Opinion
## 
### 
The Editor, Sir:
A perfect example of the indiffer
ence on the part of the Medical De
partment of Stanford University oc
curred on Friday, November 22, when
Alan Goodspeed was fatally injured
on the polo field.
I happened to be in the medical ad
visor's office when a man came in
saying that one of the polo players
had been thrown and apparently was
seriously hurt. The secretary asked
who the man was and the details of
the case. The informer did not know
but said he had merely witnessed the
accident and had then run over to get
a doctor. The secretary said that no
one from the office could go out, and
then proceeded to call a doctor appar-

ONE VERSION OF THE CASE

ently, from the conversation, in Palo
Alto. He also inquired who the in
jured man was and asked details.
After a short conversation the secre
tary said to put the man in a car and
take him to the Palo Alto hospital.
If he was too badly injured she ad
vised telephoning to Palo Alto for an
ambulance.
There was at least one doctor in
the office at the time. Why couldn't
he have gone to the polo field and
taken charge of the case? If an ambu
lance were needed, how could anyone
telephone from the polo field?
Why can't Stanford have a medical
department that will give the students
instant surgical treatment when they
need it? —1931
The Editor, Sir:
A perfect example of the indiffer
ence on the part of the Medical De
partment of Stanford University oc
curred on Friday, November 22, when
Alan Goodspeed was fatally injured
on the polo field.
I happened to be in the medical ad
visor's office when a man came in
saying that one of the polo players
had been thrown and apparently was
seriously hurt. The secretary asked
who the man was and the details of
the case. The informer did not know
but said he had merely witnessed the
accident and had then run over to get
a doctor. The secretary said that no
one from the office could go out, and
then proceeded to call a doctor appar-

ONE VERSION OF THE CASE

ently, from the conversation, in Palo
Alto. He also inquired who the in
jured man was and asked details.
After a short conversation the secre
tary said to put the man in a car and
take him to the Palo Alto hospital.
If he was too badly injured she ad
vised telephoning to Palo Alto for an
ambulance.
There was at least one doctor in
the office at the time. Why couldn't
he have gone to the polo field and
taken charge of the case? If an ambu
lance were needed, how could anyone
telephone from the polo field?
Why can't Stanford have a medical
department that will give the students
instant surgical treatment when they
need it? —1931
The Editor, Sir:
A perfect example of the indiffer
ence on the part of the Medical De
partment of Stanford University oc
curred on Friday, November 22, when
Alan Goodspeed was fatally injured
on the polo field.
I happened to be in the medical ad
visor's office when a man came in
saying that one of the polo players
had been thrown and apparently was
seriously hurt. The secretary asked
who the man was and the details of
the case. The informer did not know
but said he had merely witnessed the
accident and had then run over to get
a doctor. The secretary said that no
one from the office could go out, and
then proceeded to call a doctor appar-

ONE VERSION OF THE CASE

ently, from the conversation, in Palo
Alto. He also inquired who the in
jured man was and asked details.
After a short conversation the secre
tary said to put the man in a car and
take him to the Palo Alto hospital.
If he was too badly injured she ad
vised telephoning to Palo Alto for an
ambulance.
There was at least one doctor in
the office at the time. Why couldn't
he have gone to the polo field and
taken charge of the case? If an ambu
lance were needed, how could anyone
telephone from the polo field?
Why can't Stanford have a medical
department that will give the students
instant surgical treatment when they
need it? —1931
The Editor, Sir:
A perfect example of the indiffer
ence on the part of the Medical De
partment of Stanford University oc
curred on Friday, November 22, when
Alan Goodspeed was fatally injured
on the polo field.
I happened to be in the medical ad
visor's office when a man came in
saying that one of the polo players
had been thrown and apparently was
seriously hurt. The secretary asked
who the man was and the details of
the case. The informer did not know
but said he had merely witnessed the
accident and had then run over to get
a doctor. The secretary said that no
one from the office could go out, and
then proceeded to call a doctor appar-

ONE VERSION OF THE CASE

ently, from the conversation, in Palo
Alto. He also inquired who the in
jured man was and asked details.
After a short conversation the secre
tary said to put the man in a car and
take him to the Palo Alto hospital.
If he was too badly injured she ad
vised telephoning to Palo Alto for an
ambulance.
There was at least one doctor in
the office at the time. Why couldn't
he have gone to the polo field and
taken charge of the case? If an ambu
lance were needed, how could anyone
telephone from the polo field?
Why can't Stanford have a medical
department that will give the students
instant surgical treatment when they
need it? —1931
The Editor, Sir:
A perfect example of the indiffer
ence on the part of the Medical De
partment of Stanford University oc
curred on Friday, November 22, when
Alan Goodspeed was fatally injured
on the polo field.
I happened to be in the medical ad
visor's office when a man came in
saying that one of the polo players
had been thrown and apparently was
seriously hurt. The secretary asked
who the man was and the details of
the case. The informer did not know
but said he had merely witnessed the
accident and had then run over to get
a doctor. The secretary said that no
one from the office could go out, and
then proceeded to call a doctor appar-

ONE VERSION OF THE CASE

ently, from the conversation, in Palo
Alto. He also inquired who the in
jured man was and asked details.
After a short conversation the secre
tary said to put the man in a car and
take him to the Palo Alto hospital.
If he was too badly injured she ad
vised telephoning to Palo Alto for an
ambulance.
There was at least one doctor in
the office at the time. Why couldn't
he have gone to the polo field and
taken charge of the case? If an ambu
lance were needed, how could anyone
telephone from the polo field?
Why can't Stanford have a medical
department that will give the students
instant surgical treatment when they
need it? —1931
The Editor, Sir:
A perfect example of the indiffer
ence on the part of the Medical De
partment of Stanford University oc
curred on Friday, November 22, when
Alan Goodspeed was fatally injured
on the polo field.
I happened to be in the medical ad
visor's office when a man came in
saying that one of the polo players
had been thrown and apparently was
seriously hurt. The secretary asked
who the man was and the details of
the case. The informer did not know
but said he had merely witnessed the
accident and had then run over to get
a doctor. The secretary said that no
one from the office could go out, and
then proceeded to call a doctor appar-

ONE VERSION OF THE CASE

ently, from the conversation, in Palo
Alto. He also inquired who the in
jured man was and asked details.
After a short conversation the secre
tary said to put the man in a car and
take him to the Palo Alto hospital.
If he was too badly injured she ad
vised telephoning to Palo Alto for an
ambulance.
There was at least one doctor in
the office at the time. Why couldn't
he have gone to the polo field and
taken charge of the case? If an ambu
lance were needed, how could anyone
telephone from the polo field?
Why can't Stanford have a medical
department that will give the students
instant surgical treatment when they
need it? —1931
The Editor, Sir:
A perfect example of the indiffer
ence on the part of the Medical De
partment of Stanford University oc
curred on Friday, November 22, when
Alan Goodspeed was fatally injured
on the polo field.
I happened to be in the medical ad
visor's office when a man came in
saying that one of the polo players
had been thrown and apparently was
seriously hurt. The secretary asked
who the man was and the details of
the case. The informer did not know
but said he had merely witnessed the
accident and had then run over to get
a doctor. The secretary said that no
one from the office could go out, and
then proceeded to call a doctor appar-

ONE VERSION OF THE CASE

ently, from the conversation, in Palo
Alto. He also inquired who the in
jured man was and asked details.
After a short conversation the secre
tary said to put the man in a car and
take him to the Palo Alto hospital.
If he was too badly injured she ad
vised telephoning to Palo Alto for an
ambulance.
There was at least one doctor in
the office at the time. Why couldn't
he have gone to the polo field and
taken charge of the case? If an ambu
lance were needed, how could anyone
telephone from the polo field?
Why can't Stanford have a medical
department that will give the students
instant surgical treatment when they
need it? —1931
The Editor, Sir:
A perfect example of the indiffer
ence on the part of the Medical De
partment of Stanford University oc
curred on Friday, November 22, when
Alan Goodspeed was fatally injured
on the polo field.
I happened to be in the medical ad
visor's office when a man came in
saying that one of the polo players
had been thrown and apparently was
seriously hurt. The secretary asked
who the man was and the details of
the case. The informer did not know
but said he had merely witnessed the
accident and had then run over to get
a doctor. The secretary said that no
one from the office could go out, and
then proceeded to call a doctor appar-

ONE VERSION OF THE CASE

ently, from the conversation, in Palo
Alto. He also inquired who the in
jured man was and asked details.
After a short conversation the secre
tary said to put the man in a car and
take him to the Palo Alto hospital.
If he was too badly injured she ad
vised telephoning to Palo Alto for an
ambulance.
There was at least one doctor in
the office at the time. Why couldn't
he have gone to the polo field and
taken charge of the case? If an ambu
lance were needed, how could anyone
telephone from the polo field?
Why can't Stanford have a medical
department that will give the students
instant surgical treatment when they
need it? —1931
The Editor, Sir:
A perfect example of the indiffer
ence on the part of the Medical De
partment of Stanford University oc
curred on Friday, November 22, when
Alan Goodspeed was fatally injured
on the polo field.
I happened to be in the medical ad
visor's office when a man came in
saying that one of the polo players
had been thrown and apparently was
seriously hurt. The secretary asked
who the man was and the details of
the case. The informer did not know
but said he had merely witnessed the
accident and had then run over to get
a doctor. The secretary said that no
one from the office could go out, and
then proceeded to call a doctor appar-

ONE VERSION OF THE CASE

ently, from the conversation, in Palo
Alto. He also inquired who the in
jured man was and asked details.
After a short conversation the secre
tary said to put the man in a car and
take him to the Palo Alto hospital.
If he was too badly injured she ad
vised telephoning to Palo Alto for an
ambulance.
There was at least one doctor in
the office at the time. Why couldn't
he have gone to the polo field and
taken charge of the case? If an ambu
lance were needed, how could anyone
telephone from the polo field?
Why can't Stanford have a medical
department that will give the students
instant surgical treatment when they
need it? —1931
The Editor, Sir:
A perfect example of the indiffer
ence on the part of the Medical De
partment of Stanford University oc
curred on Friday, November 22, when
Alan Goodspeed was fatally injured
on the polo field.
I happened to be in the medical ad
visor's office when a man came in
saying that one of the polo players
had been thrown and apparently was
seriously hurt. The secretary asked
who the man was and the details of
the case. The informer did not know
but said he had merely witnessed the
accident and had then run over to get
a doctor. The secretary said that no
one from the office could go out, and
then proceeded to call a doctor appar-

ONE VERSION OF THE CASE

ently, from the conversation, in Palo
Alto. He also inquired who the in
jured man was and asked details.
After a short conversation the secre
tary said to put the man in a car and
take him to the Palo Alto hospital.
If he was too badly injured she ad
vised telephoning to Palo Alto for an
ambulance.
There was at least one doctor in
the office at the time. Why couldn't
he have gone to the polo field and
taken charge of the case? If an ambu
lance were needed, how could anyone
telephone from the polo field?
Why can't Stanford have a medical
department that will give the students
instant surgical treatment when they
need it? —1931
The Editor, Sir:
A perfect example of the indiffer
ence on the part of the Medical De
partment of Stanford University oc
curred on Friday, November 22, when
Alan Goodspeed was fatally injured
on the polo field.
I happened to be in the medical ad
visor's office when a man came in
saying that one of the polo players
had been thrown and apparently was
seriously hurt. The secretary asked
who the man was and the details of
the case. The informer did not know
but said he had merely witnessed the
accident and had then run over to get
a doctor. The secretary said that no
one from the office could go out, and
then proceeded to call a doctor appar-

ONE VERSION OF THE CASE

ently, from the conversation, in Palo
Alto. He also inquired who the in
jured man was and asked details.
After a short conversation the secre
tary said to put the man in a car and
take him to the Palo Alto hospital.
If he was too badly injured she ad
vised telephoning to Palo Alto for an
ambulance.
There was at least one doctor in
the office at the time. Why couldn't
he have gone to the polo field and
taken charge of the case? If an ambu
lance were needed, how could anyone
telephone from the polo field?
Why can't Stanford have a medical
department that will give the students
instant surgical treatment when they
need it? —1931
The Editor, Sir:
A perfect example of the indiffer
ence on the part of the Medical De
partment of Stanford University oc
curred on Friday, November 22, when
Alan Goodspeed was fatally injured
on the polo field.
I happened to be in the medical ad
visor's office when a man came in
saying that one of the polo players
had been thrown and apparently was
seriously hurt. The secretary asked
who the man was and the details of
the case. The informer did not know
but said he had merely witnessed the
accident and had then run over to get
a doctor. The secretary said that no
one from the office could go out, and
then proceeded to call a doctor appar-

ONE VERSION OF THE CASE

ently, from the conversation, in Palo
Alto. He also inquired who the in
jured man was and asked details.
After a short conversation the secre
tary said to put the man in a car and
take him to the Palo Alto hospital.
If he was too badly injured she ad
vised telephoning to Palo Alto for an
ambulance.
There was at least one doctor in
the office at the time. Why couldn't
he have gone to the polo field and
taken charge of the case? If an ambu
lance were needed, how could anyone
telephone from the polo field?
Why can't Stanford have a medical
department that will give the students
instant surgical treatment when they
need it? —1931
The Editor, Sir:
A perfect example of the indiffer
ence on the part of the Medical De
partment of Stanford University oc
curred on Friday, November 22, when
Alan Goodspeed was fatally injured
on the polo field.
I happened to be in the medical ad
visor's office when a man came in
saying that one of the polo players
had been thrown and apparently was
seriously hurt. The secretary asked
who the man was and the details of
the case. The informer did not know
but said he had merely witnessed the
accident and had then run over to get
a doctor. The secretary said that no
one from the office could go out, and
then proceeded to call a doctor appar-

ONE VERSION OF THE CASE

ently, from the conversation, in Palo
Alto. He also inquired who the in
jured man was and asked details.
After a short conversation the secre
tary said to put the man in a car and
take him to the Palo Alto hospital.
If he was too badly injured she ad
vised telephoning to Palo Alto for an
ambulance.
There was at least one doctor in
the office at the time. Why couldn't
he have gone to the polo field and
taken charge of the case? If an ambu
lance were needed, how could anyone
telephone from the polo field?
Why can't Stanford have a medical
department that will give the students
instant surgical treatment when they
need it? —1931
The Editor, Sir:
A perfect example of the indiffer
ence on the part of the Medical De
partment of Stanford University oc
curred on Friday, November 22, when
Alan Goodspeed was fatally injured
on the polo field.
I happened to be in the medical ad
visor's office when a man came in
saying that one of the polo players
had been thrown and apparently was
seriously hurt. The secretary asked
who the man was and the details of
the case. The informer did not know
but said he had merely witnessed the
accident and had then run over to get
a doctor. The secretary said that no
one from the office could go out, and
then proceeded to call a doctor appar-

ONE VERSION OF THE CASE

ently, from the conversation, in Palo
Alto. He also inquired who the in
jured man was and asked details.
After a short conversation the secre
tary said to put the man in a car and
take him to the Palo Alto hospital.
If he was too badly injured she ad
vised telephoning to Palo Alto for an
ambulance.
There was at least one doctor in
the office at the time. Why couldn't
he have gone to the polo field and
taken charge of the case? If an ambu
lance were needed, how could anyone
telephone from the polo field?
Why can't Stanford have a medical
department that will give the students
instant surgical treatment when they
need it? —1931
The Editor, Sir:
A perfect example of the indiffer
ence on the part of the Medical De
partment of Stanford University oc
curred on Friday, November 22, when
Alan Goodspeed was fatally injured
on the polo field.
I happened to be in the medical ad
visor's office when a man came in
saying that one of the polo players
had been thrown and apparently was
seriously hurt. The secretary asked
who the man was and the details of
the case. The informer did not know
but said he had merely witnessed the
accident and had then run over to get
a doctor. The secretary said that no
one from the office could go out, and
then proceeded to call a doctor appar-

ONE VERSION OF THE CASE

ently, from the conversation, in Palo
Alto. He also inquired who the in
jured man was and asked details.
After a short conversation the secre
tary said to put the man in a car and
take him to the Palo Alto hospital.
If he was too badly injured she ad
vised telephoning to Palo Alto for an
ambulance.
There was at least one doctor in
the office at the time. Why couldn't
he have gone to the polo field and
taken charge of the case? If an ambu
lance were needed, how could anyone
telephone from the polo field?
Why can't Stanford have a medical
department that will give the students
instant surgical treatment when they
need it? —1931
The Editor, Sir:
A perfect example of the indiffer
ence on the part of the Medical De
partment of Stanford University oc
curred on Friday, November 22, when
Alan Goodspeed was fatally injured
on the polo field.
I happened to be in the medical ad
visor's office when a man came in
saying that one of the polo players
had been thrown and apparently was
seriously hurt. The secretary asked
who the man was and the details of
the case. The informer did not know
but said he had merely witnessed the
accident and had then run over to get
a doctor. The secretary said that no
one from the office could go out, and
then proceeded to call a doctor appar-

ONE VERSION OF THE CASE

ently, from the conversation, in Palo
Alto. He also inquired who the in
jured man was and asked details.
After a short conversation the secre
tary said to put the man in a car and
take him to the Palo Alto hospital.
If he was too badly injured she ad
vised telephoning to Palo Alto for an
ambulance.
There was at least one doctor in
the office at the time. Why couldn't
he have gone to the polo field and
taken charge of the case? If an ambu
lance were needed, how could anyone
telephone from the polo field?
Why can't Stanford have a medical
department that will give the students
instant surgical treatment when they
need it? —1931
The Editor, Sir:
A perfect example of the indiffer
ence on the part of the Medical De
partment of Stanford University oc
curred on Friday, November 22, when
Alan Goodspeed was fatally injured
on the polo field.
I happened to be in the medical ad
visor's office when a man came in
saying that one of the polo players
had been thrown and apparently was
seriously hurt. The secretary asked
who the man was and the details of
the case. The informer did not know
but said he had merely witnessed the
accident and had then run over to get
a doctor. The secretary said that no
one from the office could go out, and
then proceeded to call a doctor appar-

ONE VERSION OF THE CASE

ently, from the conversation, in Palo
Alto. He also inquired who the in
jured man was and asked details.
After a short conversation the secre
tary said to put the man in a car and
take him to the Palo Alto hospital.
If he was too badly injured she ad
vised telephoning to Palo Alto for an
ambulance.
There was at least one doctor in
the office at the time. Why couldn't
he have gone to the polo field and
taken charge of the case? If an ambu
lance were needed, how could anyone
telephone from the polo field?
Why can't Stanford have a medical
department that will give the students
instant surgical treatment when they
need it? —1931
