# PI PHI'S BLIGHT IS LASTING NEGATIVE "PHONE COMPLEX"
## 
### 
Vile invectives were merciless
ly hurled at the dial system one
evening last week in the Pi Beta
Phi house.
The pretty maid is said to have
been sitting in the house tele
phone booth with one hand on
the receiver. It seems that she
was waiting for a phone call. In
fact, it is alleged that she was
waiting for a very important (to
her) call. After a half hour of
mental and physical anguish in
that position, said member is re
ported to have been rewarded
with a slight tinkle of the bell.
Fearing to seem too anxious, she
allowed the grateful noise to be
repeated twice, and removed the
receiver with trembling fingers.
"Hello," a masculine voice half
inquired.
At last. At last!
"Hello!" it weni on, "is this
the Palo Alto Junk Yard?"
Vile invectives were merciless
ly hurled at the dial system one
evening last week in the Pi Beta
Phi house.
The pretty maid is said to have
been sitting in the house tele
phone booth with one hand on
the receiver. It seems that she
was waiting for a phone call. In
fact, it is alleged that she was
waiting for a very important (to
her) call. After a half hour of
mental and physical anguish in
that position, said member is re
ported to have been rewarded
with a slight tinkle of the bell.
Fearing to seem too anxious, she
allowed the grateful noise to be
repeated twice, and removed the
receiver with trembling fingers.
"Hello," a masculine voice half
inquired.
At last. At last!
"Hello!" it weni on, "is this
the Palo Alto Junk Yard?"
Vile invectives were merciless
ly hurled at the dial system one
evening last week in the Pi Beta
Phi house.
The pretty maid is said to have
been sitting in the house tele
phone booth with one hand on
the receiver. It seems that she
was waiting for a phone call. In
fact, it is alleged that she was
waiting for a very important (to
her) call. After a half hour of
mental and physical anguish in
that position, said member is re
ported to have been rewarded
with a slight tinkle of the bell.
Fearing to seem too anxious, she
allowed the grateful noise to be
repeated twice, and removed the
receiver with trembling fingers.
"Hello," a masculine voice half
inquired.
At last. At last!
"Hello!" it weni on, "is this
the Palo Alto Junk Yard?"
Vile invectives were merciless
ly hurled at the dial system one
evening last week in the Pi Beta
Phi house.
The pretty maid is said to have
been sitting in the house tele
phone booth with one hand on
the receiver. It seems that she
was waiting for a phone call. In
fact, it is alleged that she was
waiting for a very important (to
her) call. After a half hour of
mental and physical anguish in
that position, said member is re
ported to have been rewarded
with a slight tinkle of the bell.
Fearing to seem too anxious, she
allowed the grateful noise to be
repeated twice, and removed the
receiver with trembling fingers.
"Hello," a masculine voice half
inquired.
At last. At last!
"Hello!" it weni on, "is this
the Palo Alto Junk Yard?"
Vile invectives were merciless
ly hurled at the dial system one
evening last week in the Pi Beta
Phi house.
The pretty maid is said to have
been sitting in the house tele
phone booth with one hand on
the receiver. It seems that she
was waiting for a phone call. In
fact, it is alleged that she was
waiting for a very important (to
her) call. After a half hour of
mental and physical anguish in
that position, said member is re
ported to have been rewarded
with a slight tinkle of the bell.
Fearing to seem too anxious, she
allowed the grateful noise to be
repeated twice, and removed the
receiver with trembling fingers.
"Hello," a masculine voice half
inquired.
At last. At last!
"Hello!" it weni on, "is this
the Palo Alto Junk Yard?"
Vile invectives were merciless
ly hurled at the dial system one
evening last week in the Pi Beta
Phi house.
The pretty maid is said to have
been sitting in the house tele
phone booth with one hand on
the receiver. It seems that she
was waiting for a phone call. In
fact, it is alleged that she was
waiting for a very important (to
her) call. After a half hour of
mental and physical anguish in
that position, said member is re
ported to have been rewarded
with a slight tinkle of the bell.
Fearing to seem too anxious, she
allowed the grateful noise to be
repeated twice, and removed the
receiver with trembling fingers.
"Hello," a masculine voice half
inquired.
At last. At last!
"Hello!" it weni on, "is this
the Palo Alto Junk Yard?"
Vile invectives were merciless
ly hurled at the dial system one
evening last week in the Pi Beta
Phi house.
The pretty maid is said to have
been sitting in the house tele
phone booth with one hand on
the receiver. It seems that she
was waiting for a phone call. In
fact, it is alleged that she was
waiting for a very important (to
her) call. After a half hour of
mental and physical anguish in
that position, said member is re
ported to have been rewarded
with a slight tinkle of the bell.
Fearing to seem too anxious, she
allowed the grateful noise to be
repeated twice, and removed the
receiver with trembling fingers.
"Hello," a masculine voice half
inquired.
At last. At last!
"Hello!" it weni on, "is this
the Palo Alto Junk Yard?"
Vile invectives were merciless
ly hurled at the dial system one
evening last week in the Pi Beta
Phi house.
The pretty maid is said to have
been sitting in the house tele
phone booth with one hand on
the receiver. It seems that she
was waiting for a phone call. In
fact, it is alleged that she was
waiting for a very important (to
her) call. After a half hour of
mental and physical anguish in
that position, said member is re
ported to have been rewarded
with a slight tinkle of the bell.
Fearing to seem too anxious, she
allowed the grateful noise to be
repeated twice, and removed the
receiver with trembling fingers.
"Hello," a masculine voice half
inquired.
At last. At last!
"Hello!" it weni on, "is this
the Palo Alto Junk Yard?"
Vile invectives were merciless
ly hurled at the dial system one
evening last week in the Pi Beta
Phi house.
The pretty maid is said to have
been sitting in the house tele
phone booth with one hand on
the receiver. It seems that she
was waiting for a phone call. In
fact, it is alleged that she was
waiting for a very important (to
her) call. After a half hour of
mental and physical anguish in
that position, said member is re
ported to have been rewarded
with a slight tinkle of the bell.
Fearing to seem too anxious, she
allowed the grateful noise to be
repeated twice, and removed the
receiver with trembling fingers.
"Hello," a masculine voice half
inquired.
At last. At last!
"Hello!" it weni on, "is this
the Palo Alto Junk Yard?"
Vile invectives were merciless
ly hurled at the dial system one
evening last week in the Pi Beta
Phi house.
The pretty maid is said to have
been sitting in the house tele
phone booth with one hand on
the receiver. It seems that she
was waiting for a phone call. In
fact, it is alleged that she was
waiting for a very important (to
her) call. After a half hour of
mental and physical anguish in
that position, said member is re
ported to have been rewarded
with a slight tinkle of the bell.
Fearing to seem too anxious, she
allowed the grateful noise to be
repeated twice, and removed the
receiver with trembling fingers.
"Hello," a masculine voice half
inquired.
At last. At last!
"Hello!" it weni on, "is this
the Palo Alto Junk Yard?"
Vile invectives were merciless
ly hurled at the dial system one
evening last week in the Pi Beta
Phi house.
The pretty maid is said to have
been sitting in the house tele
phone booth with one hand on
the receiver. It seems that she
was waiting for a phone call. In
fact, it is alleged that she was
waiting for a very important (to
her) call. After a half hour of
mental and physical anguish in
that position, said member is re
ported to have been rewarded
with a slight tinkle of the bell.
Fearing to seem too anxious, she
allowed the grateful noise to be
repeated twice, and removed the
receiver with trembling fingers.
"Hello," a masculine voice half
inquired.
At last. At last!
"Hello!" it weni on, "is this
the Palo Alto Junk Yard?"
Vile invectives were merciless
ly hurled at the dial system one
evening last week in the Pi Beta
Phi house.
The pretty maid is said to have
been sitting in the house tele
phone booth with one hand on
the receiver. It seems that she
was waiting for a phone call. In
fact, it is alleged that she was
waiting for a very important (to
her) call. After a half hour of
mental and physical anguish in
that position, said member is re
ported to have been rewarded
with a slight tinkle of the bell.
Fearing to seem too anxious, she
allowed the grateful noise to be
repeated twice, and removed the
receiver with trembling fingers.
"Hello," a masculine voice half
inquired.
At last. At last!
"Hello!" it weni on, "is this
the Palo Alto Junk Yard?"
Vile invectives were merciless
ly hurled at the dial system one
evening last week in the Pi Beta
Phi house.
The pretty maid is said to have
been sitting in the house tele
phone booth with one hand on
the receiver. It seems that she
was waiting for a phone call. In
fact, it is alleged that she was
waiting for a very important (to
her) call. After a half hour of
mental and physical anguish in
that position, said member is re
ported to have been rewarded
with a slight tinkle of the bell.
Fearing to seem too anxious, she
allowed the grateful noise to be
repeated twice, and removed the
receiver with trembling fingers.
"Hello," a masculine voice half
inquired.
At last. At last!
"Hello!" it weni on, "is this
the Palo Alto Junk Yard?"
Vile invectives were merciless
ly hurled at the dial system one
evening last week in the Pi Beta
Phi house.
The pretty maid is said to have
been sitting in the house tele
phone booth with one hand on
the receiver. It seems that she
was waiting for a phone call. In
fact, it is alleged that she was
waiting for a very important (to
her) call. After a half hour of
mental and physical anguish in
that position, said member is re
ported to have been rewarded
with a slight tinkle of the bell.
Fearing to seem too anxious, she
allowed the grateful noise to be
repeated twice, and removed the
receiver with trembling fingers.
"Hello," a masculine voice half
inquired.
At last. At last!
"Hello!" it weni on, "is this
the Palo Alto Junk Yard?"
Vile invectives were merciless
ly hurled at the dial system one
evening last week in the Pi Beta
Phi house.
The pretty maid is said to have
been sitting in the house tele
phone booth with one hand on
the receiver. It seems that she
was waiting for a phone call. In
fact, it is alleged that she was
waiting for a very important (to
her) call. After a half hour of
mental and physical anguish in
that position, said member is re
ported to have been rewarded
with a slight tinkle of the bell.
Fearing to seem too anxious, she
allowed the grateful noise to be
repeated twice, and removed the
receiver with trembling fingers.
"Hello," a masculine voice half
inquired.
At last. At last!
"Hello!" it weni on, "is this
the Palo Alto Junk Yard?"
Vile invectives were merciless
ly hurled at the dial system one
evening last week in the Pi Beta
Phi house.
The pretty maid is said to have
been sitting in the house tele
phone booth with one hand on
the receiver. It seems that she
was waiting for a phone call. In
fact, it is alleged that she was
waiting for a very important (to
her) call. After a half hour of
mental and physical anguish in
that position, said member is re
ported to have been rewarded
with a slight tinkle of the bell.
Fearing to seem too anxious, she
allowed the grateful noise to be
repeated twice, and removed the
receiver with trembling fingers.
"Hello," a masculine voice half
inquired.
At last. At last!
"Hello!" it weni on, "is this
the Palo Alto Junk Yard?"
Vile invectives were merciless
ly hurled at the dial system one
evening last week in the Pi Beta
Phi house.
The pretty maid is said to have
been sitting in the house tele
phone booth with one hand on
the receiver. It seems that she
was waiting for a phone call. In
fact, it is alleged that she was
waiting for a very important (to
her) call. After a half hour of
mental and physical anguish in
that position, said member is re
ported to have been rewarded
with a slight tinkle of the bell.
Fearing to seem too anxious, she
allowed the grateful noise to be
repeated twice, and removed the
receiver with trembling fingers.
"Hello," a masculine voice half
inquired.
At last. At last!
"Hello!" it weni on, "is this
the Palo Alto Junk Yard?"
