# NOTRE DAME OUTPLAYS ARMY FOR 11 SECONDS TO WIN 7-0
## 
### 

The great Cagle was the main cog in Army's spectacular fight against the undefeated Ramblers last Saturday,
and made two great runs of 25 and 35 yards respectively, almost getting to the races in the last one. Carideo
played his usual heady game at quarter, but it was Jack Elder who stole the show, snagging a Kaydet pass on
his goal line and racing 100 yards along the sidelines to a touchdown.

The great Cagle was the main cog in Army's spectacular fight against the undefeated Ramblers last Saturday,
and made two great runs of 25 and 35 yards respectively, almost getting to the races in the last one. Carideo
played his usual heady game at quarter, but it was Jack Elder who stole the show, snagging a Kaydet pass on
his goal line and racing 100 yards along the sidelines to a touchdown.

The great Cagle was the main cog in Army's spectacular fight against the undefeated Ramblers last Saturday,
and made two great runs of 25 and 35 yards respectively, almost getting to the races in the last one. Carideo
played his usual heady game at quarter, but it was Jack Elder who stole the show, snagging a Kaydet pass on
his goal line and racing 100 yards along the sidelines to a touchdown.

The great Cagle was the main cog in Army's spectacular fight against the undefeated Ramblers last Saturday,
and made two great runs of 25 and 35 yards respectively, almost getting to the races in the last one. Carideo
played his usual heady game at quarter, but it was Jack Elder who stole the show, snagging a Kaydet pass on
his goal line and racing 100 yards along the sidelines to a touchdown.

The great Cagle was the main cog in Army's spectacular fight against the undefeated Ramblers last Saturday,
and made two great runs of 25 and 35 yards respectively, almost getting to the races in the last one. Carideo
played his usual heady game at quarter, but it was Jack Elder who stole the show, snagging a Kaydet pass on
his goal line and racing 100 yards along the sidelines to a touchdown.

The great Cagle was the main cog in Army's spectacular fight against the undefeated Ramblers last Saturday,
and made two great runs of 25 and 35 yards respectively, almost getting to the races in the last one. Carideo
played his usual heady game at quarter, but it was Jack Elder who stole the show, snagging a Kaydet pass on
his goal line and racing 100 yards along the sidelines to a touchdown.

The great Cagle was the main cog in Army's spectacular fight against the undefeated Ramblers last Saturday,
and made two great runs of 25 and 35 yards respectively, almost getting to the races in the last one. Carideo
played his usual heady game at quarter, but it was Jack Elder who stole the show, snagging a Kaydet pass on
his goal line and racing 100 yards along the sidelines to a touchdown.

The great Cagle was the main cog in Army's spectacular fight against the undefeated Ramblers last Saturday,
and made two great runs of 25 and 35 yards respectively, almost getting to the races in the last one. Carideo
played his usual heady game at quarter, but it was Jack Elder who stole the show, snagging a Kaydet pass on
his goal line and racing 100 yards along the sidelines to a touchdown.

The great Cagle was the main cog in Army's spectacular fight against the undefeated Ramblers last Saturday,
and made two great runs of 25 and 35 yards respectively, almost getting to the races in the last one. Carideo
played his usual heady game at quarter, but it was Jack Elder who stole the show, snagging a Kaydet pass on
his goal line and racing 100 yards along the sidelines to a touchdown.

The great Cagle was the main cog in Army's spectacular fight against the undefeated Ramblers last Saturday,
and made two great runs of 25 and 35 yards respectively, almost getting to the races in the last one. Carideo
played his usual heady game at quarter, but it was Jack Elder who stole the show, snagging a Kaydet pass on
his goal line and racing 100 yards along the sidelines to a touchdown.

The great Cagle was the main cog in Army's spectacular fight against the undefeated Ramblers last Saturday,
and made two great runs of 25 and 35 yards respectively, almost getting to the races in the last one. Carideo
played his usual heady game at quarter, but it was Jack Elder who stole the show, snagging a Kaydet pass on
his goal line and racing 100 yards along the sidelines to a touchdown.

The great Cagle was the main cog in Army's spectacular fight against the undefeated Ramblers last Saturday,
and made two great runs of 25 and 35 yards respectively, almost getting to the races in the last one. Carideo
played his usual heady game at quarter, but it was Jack Elder who stole the show, snagging a Kaydet pass on
his goal line and racing 100 yards along the sidelines to a touchdown.

The great Cagle was the main cog in Army's spectacular fight against the undefeated Ramblers last Saturday,
and made two great runs of 25 and 35 yards respectively, almost getting to the races in the last one. Carideo
played his usual heady game at quarter, but it was Jack Elder who stole the show, snagging a Kaydet pass on
his goal line and racing 100 yards along the sidelines to a touchdown.

The great Cagle was the main cog in Army's spectacular fight against the undefeated Ramblers last Saturday,
and made two great runs of 25 and 35 yards respectively, almost getting to the races in the last one. Carideo
played his usual heady game at quarter, but it was Jack Elder who stole the show, snagging a Kaydet pass on
his goal line and racing 100 yards along the sidelines to a touchdown.

The great Cagle was the main cog in Army's spectacular fight against the undefeated Ramblers last Saturday,
and made two great runs of 25 and 35 yards respectively, almost getting to the races in the last one. Carideo
played his usual heady game at quarter, but it was Jack Elder who stole the show, snagging a Kaydet pass on
his goal line and racing 100 yards along the sidelines to a touchdown.

The great Cagle was the main cog in Army's spectacular fight against the undefeated Ramblers last Saturday,
and made two great runs of 25 and 35 yards respectively, almost getting to the races in the last one. Carideo
played his usual heady game at quarter, but it was Jack Elder who stole the show, snagging a Kaydet pass on
his goal line and racing 100 yards along the sidelines to a touchdown.

The great Cagle was the main cog in Army's spectacular fight against the undefeated Ramblers last Saturday,
and made two great runs of 25 and 35 yards respectively, almost getting to the races in the last one. Carideo
played his usual heady game at quarter, but it was Jack Elder who stole the show, snagging a Kaydet pass on
his goal line and racing 100 yards along the sidelines to a touchdown.
